On my way to Charleston & can't wait to start KEPLER rehearsals tomorrow !
much love 2 Thanks for coming 2 the show, laughing, not throwing any food at the stage and tweeting about ur experience
TONIGHT-Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub
i'm graduating next month with honors!!!
Thanks Jo.I did very well; now it's up to the casting director in Pittsburgh to select me, thew best 1 for the role.
A weekend with two 7-year-olds... Best. Birth control. Ever.
So whats everyone up to? :D
Thanks for the RT! It's a great site, despite the name. :)
Yeah, I heard the stage music come on. How are they gonna do that all over again next week? The two week idea is so dumb.
Lazo: an archive for hemispheric american studies? an ontological impossibility.
Halloween Party next week!
thanks for the follow! See ya at the NYTM's!
Chilling in Chicago with an old friend
Are you a performer?
I'm listening on the radio. the announcers are major punchy & had some fun w/that one.
ha can I call u that?
Just got an IWW? Now customize it with a Band Bundle only $15
RT The P.I.D. Machine Kickstarter has now raised over $300k! Wow. #amazing // Interesting project they have going...
NOW THAT'S IMPRESSIVE lol
NE1 know source 4 #FrederickDouglass quote beginning: Though the colored man is no longer subject to barter and sale, he is surrounded by...
Got it. Thanks.
... I still hate Evan Turner's punkass
Did the NY Times cross word without cheating
This song>
This kid has every negative comment to say but if I was to reverse it he'd stfu
Make my wish come true by following me and my bestfriend <3 we love you:D
RT Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
Feels good working out after all that holiday feasting. Thanks Camp Gladiator!
": Had my eyes tested. I need glasses! Does this mean I'm getting old?!" Ah, no. It's a sign of intellect. ;)
spiritual consciousness - what is core purpose? what would meaningful work look like; what contribution are we making on planet?
well he's pretty worth it, so i doubt he'll believe her:) <333
The warmer your farts are the worse they stink
Some decades ago I was given a life to live. No preview or choices. No exchange or return. No practice or complaints. My one and only...
AH iSee bieber shirts :D
pfft I wish. You're too far <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
A lot of time in one spot today, tons accomplished though....just about back in action
It's easy to forget that everything we do is for other people.
With my taxes all done and sent out early. TAX DAY is now #ART DAY! All day :)
hi nathan how are you?
whoa, did you just called sugar ray bad? *unfollowed
Tyler Bray before Barkley lmao!! I've seen it all
what's the deal??
I love That call WAS bogus! We SHOULD be up 9! Gah!
bye! goodnight thanks!
All the love in the world can't be gone, The need to be loved can't be wrong!
OMG plz follow me im waiting for the day! NEVER SAY NEVER!:)
: The for how many of iterations can there be?!
Wat the hell am ii doin up so early
I find that I am drawn to Byronic Heros and Tragic Heros in literature: Batman, Dr. Jekyll, Sherlock Holmes, Indiana Jones etc.
Follow your hunger, not your appetite!
Esther claims to represent users, brand owners claim to represent noncommercial interests, Senate makes fair use of Mickey & Donald.
and and are "very richmond" bands that have become local famous in the last 5 years
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Equally as bad is biting into an apple and finding half of a worm.
I miss saying mark zuckerberg-esque things that I used to at my old job. "I'm the only one in this building capable of doing this work"
slash lucky
Out of $300 NLH. Tough to win when you bet the flop, he raises, you rr all in 9x more and he can't fold top pair mid kkr. 14 outs 2x whif
what about one? PIERRE miss you!
I did not miss my parents
Just found a dollar on the ground
You should be able to sign in. IPB released version 3.3 of their community suite. A new REfb theme will be used soon. ^NE
RT : Matt and Jason can cook! Need proof? Check out their recipes in the Rock & Roll Cook Book!...
It's a meeting on ebook designs and functions, for a history book. It's not a good heading to focus on with what happened last night.
$3 bud/lt & coors drafts and $4 bud/lt & coors btls till 7pm at ! Then #RANGERS game 730! Come bounce with us!
Sometimes coffee Sometimes tea.
My phone's been nicked by #cher & the boys from #1direction just beat me up cos ive got asthma
make me feel bad. Like I need help in the department. Oh well, I just saw that Mattel came out with a dog collar for your dog so that it
Have a great time and keep up the tweeting!
He'd say "you're welcome" but he'd likely include an f-bomb in it. RT : Traffic is a nightmare ...thank u Joe Biden .
Mickey Newberry "Looks like Rain"
My one account just RTs all of Austin's tweets about food:p lol
Nothing is gonna change my world
So happy to have had a fun impromptu rock climb today!
is getting interviewed for #Star #Wars documentary next weekend!
Dear , plz quit yr PhD program to do laundry with me. Love, Diane.
Really wants to play an early April show.. Any open slots?
I called my local pizza joint last night. I asked for a thin crusty supreme. They sent me Diana Ross.
hey! We would love for u to let northeast houston know about your brew @ our sampling event- Tasting the Town! Want some info
Love will not betray you dismay or enslave you, it will set you free.
oh sure connecticut can declare a winner....oregon not so much
What's old is new again RT : Exit polls from Waukesha were tragically lost because no one hit save.
haha hopefully! & thanks :)
. Thank you for sharing our site, Paul! Following you back now! :)
Friday was not so bad.. but it wasn't my favourite day :D
awesome! Congrats!
Great, Ryan, I'm so glad you enjoyed it. Andersen is a local hero here.
I'm not someone who ignores the issue of Palestine, but you can't start a state opposing your state in your own country...
Giants Fri nite live DJ kicks his set off with Brass Monkey, very appropriate
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow is only a vision
an ice rink with an ice problem...they will pay
Don't know what narrow-arsed crackheads shop @ but MY plump butt sure aint fittin in those shorts.
Words like "Tebowing" are more properly gerunds.
Great to be back after a long vacation. It's hard to believe Christmas is three weeks away. What are your plans for the holidays this year?
When watching sports on tv from the traditional sports like baseball and foot ball to alternative sports like MMA and pro wrestling,
Just saw your @ reply. Thanks for the compliment.
let's go see it!
Bagel and Lox at Russ and Daughters on E. Houston would be my #1 choice.
LOVE JUSTIN DREW BIEBER 3My name is BELIEBER My blood is PURPLE I speak Bieberish I live in Biebers world. Ima proud Belieber
oh yes The Woman directed by Lucky Mckee? It was on now I see! LOL
Listening in where...
it's okay! thanks!
Video interview with the directors of InterArts the new operating organization for the Cathedral Park Jazz Festival
How does one cite a tweet chicago/turabian style? 100% serious question.
hm... Can't be as good as hanging with chef Keller.
People always complain about something in their life. You have to make the best out of it with what you've got. Trust me.
My thoughts exactly...end of an era is a perfect way to put it...
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
Idk where its gonna go but I like the feeling
RT : so what was that #gardenchat cocktail at IGC tweetup last year? #gardenchat <-- The "Sage Advice"
The satisfaction of being able to jump in my pool when ever I feel like >
Thanks. i want everyone to meet them if i can't meet them it's fine <3 (: .
why are you in St Louis?
i haven't seen you in days! you're so cute with your bangs and whatnot. (:
"long live zimmerman" tagged on OSU campus, it's gettin real up here
national doughnut day tommorrow. i will be making the rounds for free doughnuts. when will dunkin get out to DENVER!
However before we get started... how is the market looking in your area? Has business for real estate video picked up??
"The Heart Attack Grill offers free meals to any customer who weighs over 350 pounds"
yes! I had dinner there the other night at
KEEP THE MENTIONS GOING FOR FOR A FREE TICKET INTO MY CABANA WITH ALL THE PLAYBOY LADIES ;} WE WILL SEE YOU HAS THE MOST METIONS
We can supply..Broadband-Mobiles-Calls & Lines-VOIP Systems-Analogue systems-Hosted Services-Leased Lines...and more! Call:0844 880 2010
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear I think I'm Pregnant #FUCK!
“Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others.” -John Maynard Keynes
Bubbaaaaaaaaaaaa for the win!!! So happy for and his family. God is good!!!
I wish summer would hurry up and come so I can go to Austin and party everyday with :))
I be Beasting
projects in the form of songs are very fun to watch<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Do you all like the
can we make a fuck out of ?
Be sure to sign up for our launch. W.urbansavers.com. more info coming soon!
-.- I can never get passed 1,080
I'll tell you who didn't win in that trade...the fans.
#GoGetter RT : life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself
It's Michelle's famous beef stew for lunch...my favorite!
are you being serious?! Let's do it up!!
Universities...under govt patronage[are]seats of sinecures, idleness, exploded errors [upholding]whtvr the ruling party judges expedient.
What could be better than 1D and Vegas? Only 's show.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Princess and the Titties...(the princess and the frog)
Today makes 1 week until Flatstock 29 opens at in Austin! It's FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know: bit.ly/gLOu7b
Mallrats... A classic 90s movie. I love video on demand. Thanks
"Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared." - Edward Vernon Rickenbacke
Hello my friends.. has been a long time since i visit my twitter account.. I ate Jackfruit today. Really yummy! :-)
Father and Son or Joe both by Larry Brown. If n/f then Keynes vs Hayek.
We want to give SA love as much as the other cities! You can help by telling all your friends about us. ;)
There are moments when I don't want to watch movies by myself. But I do...and I only cuddle with Steve and melman.
Excuse me while i watch myself some Percy. :)
The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be. Bagehot, Walter
#backinelementaryschool Kick ball was the game! I used to murk that rubber ball for a homerun!
ik whos gunna fail keyboarding!!! :D and its this girl right here ;D
Tien Tzuo CEO of now doing afternoon #aatc keynote around the Subscription Economy
now i'm not feeling that tired, da fug
Guys guys guys guess whaa?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? d:
add/like/befriend/welcome Western Scene.
Business is always business ! I wasn't put on earth to fight wars or explain about politics! I was put just to do business.
Dwain T. Pipe is studying his maps & checking the radar as he gets prepared for his big night of giving the weather report at the UofA game
and ME. seriously cannot wait!!
Maybe it wasn't a dirty hit...but I have no problem with Doan getting tossed. Tough luck. Fucker.
Thanks for following ! Hope to share with you!
I sleep to get away. I wake up to go back to sleep.
Just found out that we're getting 8 Canon XH-A1S cameras and accessories for my Video Art class next year!
I'll do anything once...but that wont happen twice.
Gold-plated? nah, I'd rather have the glossy piano black back on the slim. Glossy is the new black.
Omg only one more day of vaca!!!! Its going way to fast man!!! :O
I mean it might help if you do. Just might
Hate to say it!But i'm kind of diggin this rain...
And now the heat gon lose.
It was fly... RT But FATabul0us_Lola gave me the cutest bracelet last night....bitch just be makin jewelry & givin it away lol
The things we get to eat in 3rd block lmao
thank you sweet girl :)
Great one for Lombardi Fence! RT Perfect mantra for the week from : "Bring on the Bills, remember the Bucs."
I Miss You Too!! RT : I Miss My Friend :(
Giant Anthem X Advanced 29er introduced
I got Clippers in 6. Lakers in 7. Boom!
Model respect...to refs, parents, and team players. #Coaching Tip
Did your numb foot come from your new launches? Likely is an issue w/ shoe laces vs footstrike
I like pussy Get at me
look at my homie. Laughin at us a year ago about twitter til I told him abt Now my man lives on twitter!
why? Not like you'll kiss someone son :p
waiting to get on the pkane to texas lls
Duh?!?! Lol RT “: Wtf... so I'm the crazy one for not knowing the Houston rodeo is a big deal?
wants one and me too!(:
everything thats shining aint always gonna be gold
#seo Glenn, great post! Canonical URL tag information was especially helpful.
Thought I just heard yell when Hummel hit the last 3.
whoa -- she brought up the whole soul thing. that was so 2009. ps. julie -- heading to #sxswsea 3/8-3/13. you going?
ok, excellent. Now I know what your speaking about in reference to UUID's. Thanks for setting up that post!
Sure it will keep up the great work! I hope since I'm an upcoming actor will have a chance to work with you one day! Good luck!
what kinda phone
Yesterday I fell inlove today feels like my Funeral
Incredible response to Steve Job's passing. A true testament to one man's vision touching all corners of the world.
Morning peps!!
Those of you late night tweeps that have any interest in #Economics check out the #Reddit community's Q&A with Paul Krugman
my heart does sometimes.
Wasn't that enough? RT Matthew Broderick...He hasn't done anything worth watching since Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
how the hell is jc single??? He's nice, hot, hot, hot and nice!! :) haha
I think you should read a little more about the history of the Jews. They were run out of almost every country in Europe.
Al right!!! It's FINALLY going to be warm this weekend. I want to play outside!!
wow, what a beautiful Portland day....
$ A COMPLAINT ALL THE TIMES 4 BLESSIN JUST SAYIN.# POSITIVE NOTE....
I read something the other day that made me piss myself. It was a sign that said: 'Bathroom closed.'
show me your boobs! :D
Congratulations to my friend Tony for his 2nd place bodybuilding competition win! Well deserved and worked for. #EmeraldCup, here you come.
lol I'm actually going up there this weekend if u wanna go
And we have #wine! In my glass: 2007 Old Vine Zinfandel
Seriously, what is up with all the coughing without covering your mouth. Manners, people.
Why do I only loose my phone when it's on vibrate?
Working on lines and then wil go back to working on producing stuff.
Now following —>
My band Low Hanging Wires playing at the Southgate House tonight in cincy. 9:30. that's all.
#FF all great #cycling people!
I hate my nose !!! Grrr
55% off archery instruction? gets on board with Hunger Games
I love these tweets..
All of us on the Exec. Board are preparing for the end of our terms. Writing continuity docs for the Exec. Board-elect.
yes please!
Good god. We just saw an ad directed at #circus #bloggers. Are you freaking kidding me? Please tell me that's not a real thing. I beg you.
Unscientific republicans--very, very witchcrafty indeed!
I know this is late but RIP Meow. Was the cat buried in a baby grand?
The spirit of Imelda Marcos is coursing through my veins these days. Must. Stop. Buying. Shoes.
Even though u barely tweet anymore, I still check your twitter every day because I love you...and gonna miss u when u leave <3
thnx for the feedback!
If you've used Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing & can explain process, please contact me at . Thanks!
video time bro!
Just want to go outside and play some softball!
stop beating me up preacher. I'm on top of it.
Yeah, I deleted your number. Why? Because every time I'd text you,you'd act like you didn't want to talk. So there's no point in keeping it.
Never count Drogba out. Great game. Great start.
Cool beans, dudes.
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically
Why pay for porn sites when there's Tumblr? LOL
US vs Canada in Gold Medal Game!! Stop in the "other" Vancouver so that you dont miss the game tonight. Mention Twitter and receive 15% off
Come November I'll have no problem voting for Gary Johnson #Libertarian presidential candidate. And I think he'll do better than expected!!
I'm off all day on Monday.
Dem Boys.. is Ridin Dem Bulls..
Just biked around 30 miles. Alki and West Seattle is beautiful when the sun shines. Makes the sore legs a little more bearable!!
I'm working on a new artistic idea which I know is going to be well received. I need models for the project. Interested? Contact me.
what's meaning behind your name (Biblical?) This has bothered me for a while.
So excited
Check out Kali Ann Mass! A gorgeous Sunshine State Hottie and Playboy Model!
Random guys yelling at me while I'm driving... Do you want me to run you over? Stop staring.
Happy to have you! :)
Full throttle witta tank fulla gas
That's going to get you a 4 for sure
if it hadn't been this other show on bway, it could have been starcatchers ;)
ooh. <3 that book. Let me know if the film version is worth it.
Rainy day in FLA
do u have any northeast Houston locations?
i know they are :)
Holy balls Batman!!! 40+ gigs on Fiverr came in last night!!! Keep em coming guys! Daddy needs to keep buying diapers for the kiddo!!!
Judging strictly by twitter it would seem my Boston terrier can spell better than 89% of America's youth.
About to start closing this store
Quote of the day.... Yoga pants are the flat butt girls push up bra
I REALLY WANT A MENTION I DONT JUST WANNA WASTE MY TIME RETWEETING THEM. #nopayback ?
I wanna take care of you forever and for always
Joe STOP looking at Quinn
I gotchu. Hit my line tonight.
Baby food is awesome! Chewing is for chumps.
front row is an interesting experience - nice for the detail, but kind of kills the magic...
Procrastination is a frame of mind! I am going to frame mine and hang it on the wall sometime soon!
take a deep breath baby!
In the last 3 days, I have received 10 emails from #AAF and #Ad2Houston, most duplicates. Last Friday alone, I received 7.
Bud Light might taste like piss, but Here We Go dog commercial is pretty damn funny.
Excited about hitting studio this week! Been a while since last time.
Congrats to all.
RT : Unfortunately some dreams are just too beautiful to come true - Like the one where I have a drink with Neil Diamond :(
My fave customer tried to fix me up with her daughter. "Honey," I said, "I don't think you want a gay son-in-law." Also, we talked pierogie.
#MM Social Media Leaders
I saw a lot of girls posting on fb that he was dead? And twitter too. So I checked into it and his dad is definitely alive haha.
Thanks Ocean Safety! Put up the jellyfish signs AFTER I'm already half a mile out to sea....had to paddle back in through that shit.
where are u getting these pictures?
We're sorry there are no available tweets to blow up your pipe please refer to the truth
More of a perk than part of it. I love Joe Biden.
Sounds like things are going well. Congrats.
Make sure vendors include security requirements in their SAS-70 reports (or SSAE-16)
feels like starting a countdown til gatlinburg!
This girl thinks I'm pangos....
We're closing early to prepare for TX/OU weekend! Safe travels to Dallas everyone. Hook Em!
my mom siad i dressed like a chola crazy right
10/2/1985: Rock Hudson becomes the first major celebrity to publicly die of AIDS, a landmark event in the American history of the disease.
That rocks! Take lots of photos and send them to us !
Toddlers and tiaras marathon<U+E057> I love southern accents Y'AL
Not going to school tomorrow. Super sick.
RT #Chargers president Dean Spanos says Seau's No. 55 is now officially retired.
Ok 'candidates' -- go back to hitting Obama. Enough silly arguments. Mitt & Rick should keep quiet if they can't go after Obama.
yep RT : Yes RT : Was all y'all heat fans rockin with them when they went 15-67 ?
Well kinda..<U+E40E>
Dracula is full of theatrics better than CGI, a brief True Blood moment, and a glimpse of Helena Bonham Carter as Bellatrix.
I don't feel safe walking in Gary, Indiana
Tonight we celebrate 30 yrs of my best friends life ......happy birthday newt
Listening to the new album by our friend Great tunes; you should check him out @ www.claslan.com/
i write my curses in cursive .
What are some good sites to watch porn guys? Out there that know alot more then I do!!!
Its about time this guy made a threat when i had class
I have an Awesome Chef looking to lease\rent kitchen/banquet space. Huge following. Weekly/monthly events. WPB, Fl. Message me. Thanks
are you implying I would marry you?
Sounds like you in trouble my friend !
Happy Valentine's Day to our Members & the photography community.
do you have any money on any of the games?
Did you ever dress your dog or cat up in Steelers gear? If you have a pic we want to see it! Post it on our wall - you may win our contest
They.changed.the.twitter.app
Whatever. You can't beat being able to watch whichever game you want without worrying about a local producer's decision.
First national episode of tonight!! Honored to be part of the family. RT if you'll be watching!!
In the studio mixing "Feat of Clay: Quantum"...
right!? If you don't love Ed, you're not living. He's a beautifully perfect human being.
You're both fabulous! RT #FF I would share a really tiny bottle of airplane vodka with anytime
took a break last Monday night from #speedbusters. We're back this Monday @ 10 with MFD firefighters asking for our help.
I enjoy her too :| > RT I enjoy Judge Judy. I feel old.
thought about how many balloons it would take to float above my door if the Wendy's milkshake could stay in my pocket
Tune in on Saturday for the 15th annual telethon from 7pm-10pm on channel 8! California Coast Credit Union is a proud sponsor
You guys are awesome! Great job tonight and during this whole process. If this is a dream, pls don't wake me up!
Yes, but not when it's running on repeat in a half-awake brain! :D
Ready to celebrate the weekend!
I'm on the edge of gloryy
got to agree with you on that. "let me in to your life (live)" he kills it.
please follow me! <3
Speech kids: lifting my spirit since 2005.
how much
Most dont even know the names RT : Fmr MLBPA GC Dick Moss gets #SLA12 Award. athl owe gratitude/$$ to Moss, M. Miller & C Flood
I really need some T to match the A...
Working on the April calendar. And singing.
let's go Tampa! Next 50 people that follow our new night guy gets a #followback from Chase!
www.mla.org/convention will reveal all....
RT Good ga.... This is #outtacontrol !
yeah abe wants to hang out this weekend
LOUIS tonight!! #halloween weekend is
3 days until I get my braces off ah!
sm'ing of course. Who else would that happen to?
#LSUPower #LesMiles looks like he wants a strong drink and a #blauljoub from a #BourBonStreetWhore after his #pisspoorperformance tonight!!!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
*takes off jewlery and throw hands up* who's bad *micheal Jackson voice*
gonna try to delete my tweets
Lol Check Ya Mail In 10 Minutes
Booze, Bitches, and Bubble Gum
Rhythm section for Sonny Rollins tribute at tonight's #kchonors is Herbie Hancock,Christian Mcbride,Jack Dejohnette,Ray Drummond&Jim Hall.
Watching Green Czar on CNN
I saw a place serving sangria made with Manischewitz...which might actually be the one thing that could make it palatable!
... That was a very disturbing dream :(
twitter sorry i've been missing anyone watch the oscars?
So....totboss is amazing. Just thought you should know.
Gravity hurts.
I'm already writing it up in my head; comforting to know there's a place to at least get a publication out of it.
check out , playing with the big boys and Broadcom in the Wireless & Mobility category
RT ": Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>"
Let's make it a great day!
So excited to be at on May 5th!
Little Ped. Pal foot scrubbys come in 27 flavors,.."silly... i mean scents "but you might be tempted to take a bite out of one
If you play for Bobby Valentine, you must be a douche ... apparently.
Good morning to you too! RT : Hello and GM! RT Hello Spicys Gang!
Recognizing where you are is key & tough RT : "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
Thanks for the drinks!! Birthday cab with and
Catching up on tv!!!
Getting a live signal of White Sox post-game from CNN affiliate KING. For any affiliates, check out Channel 2.
U of O official says if Chip Kelly is talking to Tampa Bay, "that's news to me." Nothing official from school. Watch at 6
If you're there early enough, I think photos of Main St. could be fun. 'Course, it's been 30 years for me ;)
I haven't seen her in almost a year, but I could NEVER stop loving her & all she's done for me. I love you momma <3
Yes, We Catamaran!
thanks for sharing great post! Good luck with the offers!!
Such a funn night!!I think I might gave a new crush<3
did we have class yesturday?
Me too, it's hard reading two books at the same time :( Goodnight, sweets dreams !
#offline goodnight say your prayers.......... #godlovesyou!
At #sigcse2012 in Raleigh, NC. Several sessions on #parallelism in the CS curriculum, one on #Google's edu activities.
I was talking about Haywire, basically asking is "the movie" worth renting?
Wishing everyone a Very Merry Christmas and/ or Happy Holidays. Take care on New Year's Eve too!
thanks for taking down that creepy main picture you had haha ;)
yes very much
just bought tix to the 's gala! EEK! can't wait
RT": Ill stop loving you when spongebob passes his driving test."
where are my glasses ?!!? ugh ima be blind !
I think I wanna call off :/
someone i -think- like. i think like you. it feels nice to find. :)
Always gets good value -- a fantasy-football Hall of Famer in my book. RT : Dan Arkush! Love it.
Thanks again for my trivia prize , I got to see the preview of "Margaret," go see it on April 24th!
I Need Some IQ Or Pinky Its Problems Bitch.#HoeGoHam.Its Problems Hoeeeeeeeeee
Nigga so high
you are awesome smart phone intervention coming soon though! <3
RT : Steve Jobs would never have approved that Zooey Deschanel/Siri commercial. The Smurfication of Apple begins.
When we are grounded- we essentially become a strong container in which our spirits can safely and productively dwell.
Friends series finale
#OTH never fails to bring me warmth&fuzziness whenever I see #Naley together & now Qlay or is it Cluinn? Whatevs, they're both so adorable!
I have to new co-owners~
Beautiful morning for a 6 AM tee time.
how exactly do non-smokers concentrate? or am I asking the wrong 140-character crowd?
Bonhoeffer died 67 years ago today, just one month before Nazi Germany fully surrendered following the Soviet capture of Berlin.
You're welcome! You can hashtag trending topics or key words associated your tweet i.e.
#mcts second time in two days. Buses running early. Missed the bus again!!!
I Need A Birthday Present
OH COME ON DEMP!!!!! You finally get a lead & ur going to cough it back up?!
MOS DEF FANS! Tune in today to see my story on the Bed-Stuy Alive event featuring a performance by the man himself! 5:30pm....
Yall needa go to bed fa i take my belt off!!
cant wait!!
Great app - read about it in San Francisco Mag and downloaded it immediately - it is what we have been waiting 4!
And that was tweet number 1000
Thx! I had some professional help w/ it. Paid big bucks
How well do you know your chapter?
If you love someone, you’ll be willing to give up everything for them. But if they love you, they’ll never ask you too.
I still can't believe Google picked Kansas City...
unfortunately no I do not.
Checked in @ the Darrick May concert. The Mid "Chicago".
i hope i don't geet bullied 2moweer
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Keith West (Heartland) is 44. Actor Nicky Katt is 42. Actor Coby Bell is 37.
Why do we want to test people for drugs and alcohol? Why don't we test them from stupidity & greed? (Starting with politicians.)
Come on down to Lot 13 Hugo is grilling up mild and spicy sausages!
Like if you want to come to our next show May 26th!
Ccb is now officially over </3
#badgirlsclubreunion was crazy can't wait for part two. Gia and Camilla were the realest ones there
I...I mean...favorite GUY.
not on this particular voyage, but our September Europe vacation is still up in the air. Very well could be flying through!
Hey guys! We're not the same McNulty family. But its great to connect here with other local Springs residents!
The Dram was pretty rad last night... will definitely have to revisit this place again :)
AND 1 more...
Hope you feel better soon!
That's the best homecoming present I could think of. And today is my birthday to boot. :)
#customerservice RT Sadness indeed! Can you DM me which shop you ordered from? I'd like to follow up with them.
what's this o course you're tweeting about?
I just want you to know I exist.
in a few years it would be drinking water. They offer free public tours to answer all your questions re: cleanliness
Entrepreneurial Lesson #7: Learn to work smarter, not just harder.
Catching up on your previous tweets--glad you're okay!
Thanks for including us on your #FF list. :-)
Why is #MentionYourCrush even trending!?
hahah. i hate ss. my average was an 84:/ loll
Omg I fucking hate la traffic
Who says penalties suck? This is awesome!
do you want to file a blog together? This was awesome. Would love to get your input.
I'd definitely be into that.
You're welcome Lily Gillies. You deserve best :)
I have no #BiggestRegret. Everything happens for a reason.
Most of the people I see in the streets are either delusional or centaurs.
Joshua killed the whole fuckin show wit my fav song no more drama
MOVERS: We have a handful of spots left for this Saturday Sunday Monday Moving Day Extravaganza!!! Call us to schedule: 412.475.8193
Al im saying is... I don't like hypocrites or bullshitters.
zack and I are at your house
We're about to interview Lisa adkins from the bluegrass community foundation...should be a great conversation!!!
Morning meetings with commitee for March of Dimes Gala! Save the Date the event will take place on Nov. 8.
Sometimes your pancakes are perfect... and sometimes they just aren't. Saturday mornings are good for all sorts of life metaphors. :-)
red hot butter sauce
Interview time.
Another day, another formal modeling paper.
got to see this. Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there.
Yup, it took a turn for the worst w/ temps in the 80s. Torturous. He couldn't imagine traveling out & not running, though
Maybe the Sun likes the face.... I don't know
watching "The Office" right now, the condo episode! Omg, too funny
I've just been told I am a charmer of pills. Listen up: pills as an insult, as in "oh god she's such a pill" needs to come back Let's do it!
GOT YOU!
aww baby I love you kiss my boys
I like animals, but I love humans!!! Night! or morning maybe...
See me and Justin know what were talking about(:
RIP Junior Seau. He was a big influence when I started playing football.
Made it home then took a nap.
Main threats will be Damaging Winds and Large Hail.
“: “ tiger's mistresses are making a porno together I wonder if he'll watch it.I would watch if Tiger was in it!
Metta world peace ftw...
OMG CANT WAIT EDDSWORLD OMG FGSDS
I'm Asian, but I bet you thought differently.
About to set it off with and !!! Come early before it gets to crazy
okay okay I'm quite, now stop overreacting. lol :'D
Twitter spam is the most annoying spam of all.
F BC.
On their way! :)
Barbecue Expert Jamie Purviance Shares His Tips On Seasoning With Smoke
they had some federal collateral guarantees I believe.
I wish i had some _______ right about now...
“: I hate when normal people think they have fans and completely forget about the boyz!” - TRUE! Followers over IB? -_-
Just wait and see... I'm going to mess with everyone's heads and score twice
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before. Why? The crazy economy and real
This blow dart game is annoying
its almost summer, time to reunite with
Dont say his name 3 times or else!! RT : Where the heck is ? He's been quiet. He must be acting like he's working today
Are you sure it was from crossfit?
3 things about the packers game. 1. Cam Newton is pretty good for a rookie, needs a lot of work.
Wild overtime so far.
I CAN'T believe the PREZ supports gay marriage SMH
dear lord. let me know when you get to season 2
I like how no one's confirming they'll take Richardson with the third pick. Obviously they will.
I'm walking down a path I have already been on, I just wonder if I should turn around or keep going, hopefully this time ends up better..
Whirlwind trip coming up. Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Hagerstown, Baltimore, Richmond, DC, Philly, NYC. All in the name of BucketFeet.
Boring day. Doing nothing in class & so many people absent. I wanna go back to bed.
Awe <perilous>
I see so many cute chevy nails and I wish I had them!!! But I'm not that talented :( p.s. happy hour next week?
The easiest thing in the world to be is you. ~Leo Buscaglia
RT : Just because you're having a bad day don't come around me with bad vibes
Neither: Probably just makes you a well-adjusted human being! #Bachelor is the ultimate schadenfraude. Like therapy, but cheaper.
In my natural element...an elementary school fair
buy three apparel @ www.threeapparel.com
#redsox never easy
Congrats! Here's hopin' for a wild ride! I've gotta little skin in that game as well. #cheers!
Can i move on and just fall in love again please... Oh, and can it be with someone who actually loves me back??? fck u heart!
yep! And I know I wish you were going !
thank you!!!! It goes off sale tomorrow.
“: A standing dropkick at 52 is pretty impressive.”yes it is.
"In our age of deficit it is moreover hard but essential to justify the work that we do, to have writing even qualify...
I can't even enjoy watching #BasketballWives anymore because of 's ghetto ass, camera craving antics.
oh yeah, and EVERYONE else, who also sins every day. Condemning specific sins in Christian ministry is a terrible witness.
You only sound hella Cali-ish when you mad...or been drinking LMAO
What a long day!!!
7am flight Saturday back to
I FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS ME ;D
did you like them?
My neighbors need to shut up.
I might be going to the Marian game. you?
“You: I'm a ninja(: Friend: Sure you are. You: Did you see that? Friend: See what? You: Exactly. #WeAreeTeenagerz”
All this cheese is gonna make me cry/ Gorgonzola, Provolone / Don't even get me started on this microphone
It's hard not to give him unsolicited feedback on his idea. Ha!
Sounds like a good one!
Congressman Olver also in the building, apparently for a separate matter unrelated to #DiMasi trial.
My family went out tonight and I couldn't go with them. I wish they'd get home now, I miss them.
yeah about that much . Im sleepy now I'm going to sleep. Remember out handshake tomorrow.
the Port's Dan Malcolm said "Unconditional Surrender" is not art, it's an attraction.
The only way we'll ever stand is on our knees with lifted hands.
Worked for approximately 6 hours on a paper that will probably get a B. Time for bed, yo.
Frank Francisco is yet another closer in a long line of bad closers the #Mets have had in recent history.
For the first time in 5 years I didn't have them going to the final 4 and I feel great about that choice!
5 years between grad HS to starting LSU, 6 1/2 years BA to starting grad school. MSW in '73. When start on Ph.D? Shucks, I'm only 75.
Cancer never sleeps: WKU community raises more than $20,000 for cancer research
Good thing the RV salesman isn't here with me. There are three flies...five flies...
Reminded me of City of God, which is another of my favorites.
Fake is the new trend and everyone seems to be in style.
Jamal Crawford's 34 points are the most by a #Blazers reserve since Travis Outlaw scored 36 on April 18, 2007 (Via )
Shit just got real!!
I always have fun no matter wut situation I mak the best of it but lastnight was something else
Looking for Tools #engineers for studios. C++ a must, C# a great plus!
you too!!!
I fancy all this cold weather :) I really hate the hot. LOL
lol - back to car in Orlando first :)
Don't leave home without makeup blotting papers. They remove oil without disturbing your makeup and will leave your skin looking great =D
everything in your twitloger are true! now I'm tearing. cos while I'm reading your twitloger, I was listening to (c)
great advice!!
Congrats, very exciting.
That sad moment when Austin is your entire world, but to him you're just another fan.
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. - Author unknown
And worse: incurring debts with other nations that he plans to pay off by devaluing our currency (printing money).
Hey Kathy thanks for follow, love the cover is the book as good?
Gotta love Saturday night!
Its rough. I think you just upload the info and it compiles it. The main thing is targeting the type of fest you want to get in to.
Sad state of affairs. Peace in the streets now people!
The Velvet Underground was named after a book on the S&M culture.
snow coming? stock up on the Uncle!
RT caretaker had to lick a monkey's butt for an hour in order to save its life! / There goes my chance at crappiest job ever!
ONLY BDAYS WILL BE IN #FREE... but you have to hit me up
RT : Folks, if you are picking a school for opportunities later and not price, then don't complain about the debt
. In the world of quality service, calling someone a "VIP" stands for "Very Irritating Person."
phew... what a day! looking forward to yoga and relaxation! many things to do, far too little time
nigga buy some from me c;
Dancing slowly in an empty room.
I hate how guys always go after the fake girls. Why not try going after a girl that's real?
Girl Power Rocks!!!!
Thank you everyone for making the first annual Boneyard Bash a wonderful success!!!
tell me a bed time story! :)
If you think you’re smart after one pint - just think what two can do! #PubQuiz tonight at 8pm.
ok i could be wrong.... GB in field goal range..
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey. -Stephen Covey
Easter blessing to all
I dislike scams. Just finished using Twitter Karma to delete all those Tweeters who "follow" me just long enough to get me to follow them.
idea; ride/drive the white rim in southern utah.
The only reason I've stayed away from crack is b/c of Whitney. It's "whack" and "it's for poor people" R.I.P.
do I need to call my Cairo guy?
Omodei: discusses importance of up-to-date infrastructure for broad coverage and scalable QA
When I pass, was going to put it on my license plate, but Wife thinks I should get "INDEED" ala Omar from
Glad u liked it! For the strumming,I just kind of made it up as I was playing.I can try to go into more detail later in a DM!
Amazing show Directed by Kwame Kwei-Armah: The Whipping Man. It was so powerful, I feel like I read a great book tonight.
will do. But am going to odd sessions this year. Be prepared
The actual MOVING of most of our THINGS is done ... now comes the fun part ... cleaning the old place & unpacking everything at the new.
sick cover though!
Yes! Can't wait to see what you build!
Listen to this CHINX DRUGZ:MURDA ONE lyrically comical i qoute " the chopper slumped him over like the number 7" ! Ha
BIG thanks to our fans for all your requests! Keep them coming and thanks for watching! We've got more Lizzie coming your way.
Having to be at work at 9:45 in the morning<
lmao I deal with that shit every weekend. Kids asking me for the hooks ups and aren't 21 Gtfo
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, greatly appreciated
I wouldn't do it myself I almost did but then went to a place
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) haha mine was yesterday :p
Oh My God! That would be amazing. Where are we all right now? Can we make a date for Azul in May? Or drink Mate?
Today I found out that my Monet reproduction was stolen from the studio. I guess I should take it as a compliment and thank whoever took it!
Time to get some Monday night drinking underway
DailyHookahTip#116: The vortex bowls are worth looking at for your hookah. They're designed to allow better air circulation.
yea I'm down to roll thru
Our Baby Turns 26 Tomorrow! Love ya!
if all that thinking had some semblance of order that CEO's like me could understand; perhaps apply in some practical way?
Hey ! Gym without you feels so empty. I Miss you! Hope your having fun though. c:
Oh, I love the Minis! They are so cute! I did love the drive... hm
Another good film. Watching these #Avengers cartoons, really has my mind racing at the potential for the future #Marvel movies.
oo sexy... we have 1200 fans!
RT In April, #Obama2012 raised $43.6 million across committees. Thanks to everyone who pitched in.
Pitino feels all kinds of pressure. He knows what's on the line. Id say yeah Kentucky has more pressure but saying UL has none is stupid.
We now have 200 unique items in the South Asian American Digital Archive!
Looking for dinner - location and company/fellowship?
Foundry Interactive is hiring a PM! If you're interested (or know anyone who is), let me know.
GOOD question!
You are funny too!
Air's 10,000 Hz Legend is a criminally underrated album.
nice tutorials. I'll be sure to check some others out later.
Send us a resume!
not feeling to good today :(
Great! let me know what info you need from me! :) +1
I hate that "quirky" is a thing now. Seems like it's code for "weird but not in a way that offends me or makes me want to beat up"
No such thing as easing into 18 hours
This weather makes me want to curl up with a good controller and bash in some pixellated skulls.
thanks so much :)
Maybe Foucault would be more appropriate? Good luck!
Thanks! Hope you have a delicious rest of the week!
an u let me play wit urs an u no it made me excited an it did him 2 gosh i fell lika fool lol but im ok
If you flapped those arms the way you flap your gums you really could fly. :)
Thank you, thank you, thank you! :)
I had checkers the other day. It was great too
Why is everyone assuming jelly bread will be 5.0?
People with the greatest problems create a stronger connection with you if they feel you provide them the solution.
Rest in Peace MCA. The Beastie Boys forever!!!
Excited to be speaking today for the #CLOWebinar on Building Learning Relationships for Mutual Benefit
#pacers win. now for #blackhawks to take the series by the horns
Great job at #refreshLeadership Wednesday, amazing speakers! BTW very cool illustrated profile pic
what ur doing
Make you background color "Black" to match the background image.
Four cops within two miles. Really?
I like texting till I fall asleep.
Haha be quiet but everyone should go follow her ;)
Read btwn the lines of music and literature @ #PENFest12's Opening Night w/ Kronos Quartet, Tony Kushner & Co.
LOL!! Look...He listens. I know this. :)
#imagine Liam leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
"John M. was very helpful! Knows the vehicles very well. His customer services is outstanding! Would work/buy from him in the future! The...
Good Luck, love the work you do supporting our planet.
why you!
I want a new company..please tell ur friend to follow me bck pls :p
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can talk to me about anything.
Taking out publication for me as a designer!
I believe that. This time spamming almost turned to sparring. And you know who would've won. Ever seen me fight? Me either.
Hello Twitter, we are Reveal Concepts and we want to make your business boom and your sales go through the roof.
Love how "stabilizing wormhole" is one of the progress bar steps while connecting to live chat
no 80's but I didn't fall! Its a win
I love Christmas and support putting outside lights up when the weather is warm but please don't turn them on yet! Thanksgiving comes first
just no Skyping in the bathroom. That would be evolving in the wrong direction.
Getting body wash in your eye so you cover up your eye with the hand that had the body wash in it in the first place smh did that yesterday
My poor #Pisces mind! Anyone else overwhelmed w/ sensitivity & creativity today?!?!? Not a fan, I have work to do!
Two Dark Knight showings, one District 9, one Empire Strikes Back. Just opened a can of Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout. Casino Royale next?
Happy Friday!! It's been a supercharged week. Looking forward to winding down for a relaxing weekend. My books are calling me......
At newbreak with "studying"
Rant Sport is looking for NBA bloggers for #Mavericks, #Lakers, #Knicks If interested, send direct message to
however it tastes like straight vomit. I wouldn't suggest it unless it's absolutely necessary. haha
Video Mount Products LCD-1CW Small (10-23<U+2033>) Flat Panel Ceiling ...
I'm so ready for November.
did your number change? D:
I just want a cute guy to flirt with
Back in New York. Had a great weekend in Ohio despite freezing at the Spring Game.
Determined to know everything I can about diabetes. Time to get more involved with my brother.
Thanks to everyone who can out to support 1426 Academy. The models were fabulous. Thanks to Ashely Stewart Lauderhill Mall.
At this point you should just stay up all night!
double click on the home button and swipe to the right & there's a gray button there that adjusts it!
are you ready for destin in august?!?!
OH SNAP!!! Follow me if you're gonna see Paranormal Activity. I didn't expect it to be such a hit!!! FOLLOW ME YALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remember the band Life of Agony? Their singer Keith Caputo went through this a few years ago as well.
Henry Hynoski. Remember the name.
most people are probably talking about original UK version. MTV version was cancelled.
I read "Bringing up Bébé" on the flight home yesterday. Why was saying "no" to children such a surprise to the author? Also, to Americans?
The amount of Benadryl I would need to stop my nose from running & eyes from watering would certainly induce a coma.
thank you Colin
(While driving) Me- "Turn right Rube" Rube- "Blow cock"
How I hate wearing clothes.
DOWNLOAD DEZ NUTS
#NeverApologizeFor being ridiculously cliche. so what if a million other tweeters said not to apologize for being you? repeat it. NBD.
Pa what up
She tells me you're a Chola Pinup too. You goin' to the Viejitos Carshow? How bout Vaporfest on Friday?
My sister's car stereo is turrrrrible but she doesn't give a damn.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Looking forward to going to a game or two this summer while in Greenville.
"oh great! We're in a pull pocket zone" jack
RT if you have a boyfriend/girlfriend
Oh yeah: he's only around 4 lbs or so.
I have no idea but all I can do is b ready when called upon.
Threw Tasha mac
work and Money and avoiding these silly women lol let me ask you a question what is your ethnicity?
Camping on Madeline Island and kayaking around the sea caves this coming weekend. I may need to make a trip to beforehand...
#SadMomentWhen I dont have a Happy MLK Day because my Booty Call didnt show, she was home smoking the new Sun Drop chronic she scored
Commission is discussing Region 6--Central Valley wrap-up.
I'm not gonna get cocky
These people saying goodnite but they don't stop tweeting!
filtering it down to what's understandable for me-but also, it's designed to hide complexity from service consumers
Today in Milwaukee history. The win the #NBA Championship in Game 4 of the Finals. Milwaukee 118 - Baltimore 106.
Wacthing "Clash Of The Titians Diz My Movie lol i seen this in da movies with my neighbor i hate him now his too ugly
Just got out of my choir concert ! The outfit I had to wear (my costume) had sparkles all over it , and the sparkles won't get off me !
Work to hard in a car 4 hours a day so sometime I don't give a fuck! I never slow down!
Lol girl i be trying RT : get it in
- I woke up this AM and thought... ”I wonder how that cute doctor chick is doing”
Scary..: BREAKING: Virginia Tech reports gunman on campus, tells students, staff to stay inside and secure doors. - BW #breakingnews -BW”
2 auditions and then DAY #4 filming of feature film BROOKLYN BREACH in Brooklyn from 5-11PM.
You know anything with "Shakey" in its name is going to be full of old-timely hijinks
Drop her name, push it in and twist the knife again. Watch my face, as I pretend to feel no pain.
You're a good person. Hope she realizes!
Of course not... everybody knows its either Vladamir Putin or George Soros...duh. My money's on Soros....
penalty from heaven!!
That new trailer from last night blew me away. So ready.
yes, I believe retweets count!
i didnt think this book was soo sexual i feel like the girl; trying to breathe lmaooo :P
rock the ink Albuquerque Oct 8-10 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino
Opened my heart only to have to have to close it again.... Finding that special someone is so damn hard. Tired of being hurt.
Oh, there's no stopping it. It's chronic. Lol. :)
The additional medical spending due to obesity is double previous estimates & exceeds those of smoking. WE r responsible 4 #change!
part 16 up!! feedback??
Pandora right now >
A hero needs a villain and we have some damn nasty ones.
There aint shit abnormal about any of that shawty.
text me how we needs to talk
#19 Olivier House Hotel - New Orleans, LA
Love my high heels, Sunday I was 5'11" in super sexy shoes. Need them to stand next to someone 6'4! Wish I was really tall without shoes!
twins follow these kids they are working hard everyday
Dude...If you haven't had an accident, but you still text and drive, you're not "a safe driver." You're a DANGEROUS driver who's just LUCKY!
Vanessa is pretty, but awful at PA
Have a great weekend too!
One short of 200 come on people ;)
what quote?!
There's a kid at school, and for the talent show he's singing Ring of Fire...He deserves the highest of fives...
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help. ~ Abraham Lincoln
feel like those 2 words arent good enough 4 how GREAT today is for you *sending u hugs & smiles* #TodayIsAboutYou :D
maybe we'll try counseling in the near future. Lol
Red Knight Costume
Okay. $500. But I get a 10% for every week he lasts beyond a year, maxing out at $1,000.
Powerful, thanks for posting.
Three plays, all passes | For 14, 24 and | 38 yards... WOW! |
A focus on innovation distracts people from finding things that work. -Kentaro Yokama
'SAYSOMETHING if your feeling the vibe 'SAYSOMETHING baby don't be so shy'<3 <3
yoga vs. beer...which will win on this Friday evening?
Win Or Lose tonight Miami fans won't be good sports and say we played a good game! Y'all just OuttaFuckinOrder.
Made cupcakes all morning with momma, now it's time to treat ourselves to lunch and margaritas! El Camino, here we come!!
cleaning up my followers list -- if you're still using twitter and want to exchange tweets, please give me a mention or a message. Thanks!
Scratch that the person who invented cookie dough ice cream is my new hero!
meeting tomorrow night! lot's to talk about hope to see you all there!
MG WHERE
Gf cones tomorrow, I'm excited
My Hair is getting Longer. Yayy (:
girl, I'm not even suppose to be on here, No calls or texts on house arrest.
Happy Friday!
Tonight at your music week starts with Eric Martinez, Paul Cohen and Andy Clapp
"Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia."
thanks! She'll appreciate that :)
Wonder if they'll keep doing the brewers cup if Andy is the only won who ever wins? He's won both years the competition has existed.
did you graduate or still got one more year?
“: Spent my graduation with the people I love the most (: <U+2764> #IAppreciateYou” congrats!!
Its so sad to think about someone taking their own life. No one should ever feel like they would be better off dead...
I want to see Chris Evens like now!!
It's a great place. I love the casual feel. In a city that's hard to be casual in.
as a dude is pretty hawt :D
what's this guy's deal?
Halloween masks shaped like skulls. Day of the Dead altars. Revel with the spirits at Mingei Int'l Sat,11-3. Kids to 12 free with adult.
- answer- EATING them!
The New Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: Jessica Jarrell and Cody Simpson? - Gather Celebs News Channel
I'd take NE vs SD from '07 instead. JMO
Congratulations to Dwyane! Best wishes from !
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicted already!" by Linda
LA Times writers revisit their '92 riots observations - LA Observed
ENDLESS CAVE OF REVERB & DELAY
I get shipped with Louis like 75% of the time.
Really? I found it SO boring the second time.
Nothing like a little Bad Romance to get your day going.
It's Monday; that's enough for me to have a margarita!
Thanks for the
Big shout out to thanks for the love and oppertunity to sing and be judged. Help a lot. Let's get it!
dare I ask which innovation you see? (or is it the ability to convince venture capitalists that there's money to make in fixing edu)
:( I've read of married architects becoming homeless men divorced fromprostitutes due to medial frontal lobe injury...verysad
I'm never going to say anything again and I mean it too
thank you do much for the love!!! I really appreciate it!!!
little tortilla boy
Bitch you shoulda never tried some stupid shit like that you know them type of dudes don't play. Fuck is wrong wit you
shut up, bitch. you're fat, ugly as shit & annoying AF.
looks like my mechanic but with Jimmy Walkers body.
Head over to our Facebook page to vote for this week's Beach body Blast winner!!
The only way to stay true is to be you and I'm 100
yes u can get it v son :bllllll
What do you think about adobe Premiere?I agree the new final cut sucks.
I can't wait until Leah starts crawling. She's so precious!!! (:
Hi John-Appreciate the tweet. And you're right this is indeed all Joe's fault. Keep spreading the word.
that's dumb haha jk. She didn't know you were coming?
I have to say, they did fix some of the stuff in MW2 1/2
Stop assuming the worst in people.
Megan McCain is my kind of Republican and I am a Democrat, bravo to her
she got a hug
Sometimes it takes a good fall, to know where you stand.
What will you be wearing? - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
FLOOR MAGNET!!
well since minecraft is now on xbox live i probably wont be paying for my minecraft server for pc anymore so ill be getting a vent instead
oh kay kay
on the way to society nightlife downtown for comedy show 9-11 and edm till 2 then talk to me about the after party 18 and up
If they don't perform 'Moments' for their world tour next year, someone will get hurt.
your photos are moving and kinda blow my mind honestly. That is why I retweeted. Thank you for sharing!
I am so jealous of you...
can I come over ?
Good night, all! A lot of writing to be accomplished tomorrow beginning at 6:30 am. Love&Peace. RDW
I know:/ I miss you!
Great Monday morning.... VT Hokies play today in Miami... Lets go Hokies
omg, I've started adding a smiley to mails where I rag on someone ... must. stop.
Miss America 2012 haily best for nc and bree boyce for sc I wil take both to win
I'm already following beautiful
good luck with your prezi. i am a fan!
Yes, A weakness of Wordpress is that it doesn't let you see the tweet so that you can add hashtags. Don't know RE: scoopit
thanks so much for your tweet about the girls, they're jumping up and down in heaven right now!
BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD!!! Im so excited!
Tonight at ten on -- watch our investigation reveal how Wisconsin criminals are getting around a state and federal drug law.
GOD BLESS YOUR FRIEND MAY HE REST IN PEACE!!!
And of with my Enterprise modeling skill set complimented with a love writing and word....
well I hope everything is good, im doing great. Fighting on friday for legacy at 125lbs
I got a c in mentoring
So many ppl getting hurt on the train for the Beats headphones, IPhones, IPads, etc. Here is a suggestion on the train hide that ish. Trust!
new mixtape coming...
I need to start sun dress shopping.
"Believe you can and you'll be halfway there."
lolololol so true
let's do it..I'm bad, but it's always fun
lol i only spoke the truth
Party in my bed. Who's coming?(:
We wish all those who celebrate this weekend a very meaningful and joyous holiday. Merry Christmas!
Both of Us Remix.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe: Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
happy st. pat's day kris! have fun!
I'm not sure :( but that would be great if they did that!
Sure, just don't break the bank doing it.
I have been getting a lot of followers recently...Have I have been featured in some way? It sure isn't because of my abundance of widsom!
Cats went to the bar, but I worked out early today. I can't be just leaving out at 11 pm. I'll take a nap in the bar. Hahaha
sorry but I didn't get it can u actually tell me what it was supposed to mean
I'm wondering the same thing. Keep hearing good things about MailChimp though.
Me too!! “: have to love Angel by TM..”
totally agree we need the younger voice the old guard needs to go
RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...
Cool... Hmm I wonder what I'd say lol
oh i see how it is
In the living room snacking on #gourmet trail mix from Gary & Kit's Gourmet - makes us want to go for a #hike!
When the moon hits your eye like a big-a pizza pie, That's amore...
IMH, Only Fred Astaire can dance on his movies & still look totally manly
>Anyone else use Gmail Tasks? I love it. It is dead simple, but enough. using Chrome extns and iPhone link, it's always there
After changing my transmission, exhaust AND starter then fixing cooling lines, guess what? Dead Battery!
Another jersey to the recycle bin enjoy p rivers.
Hi there! I merged my accounts...glad you found me :)
Good Morning Beautiful
dude. Those are like real things in Cali. I was watching some show sometime where they were doing it. So awful.
isn't that Ba-rock... They will promise a lot and deliver nothing like our president
Great run around Fenway today! Love the buzz around the park
Happy Valentine's Day to all photographers. (ok, even the non-photographers too) :)
: Guess that means it's here to stay!
ugh my day shall begin sooner or later
You're not ever going to get it done. At the same time you are achieving the result that you intended, you also achieve a new perspective...
Saw this and i downloaded it too. #Purim RT : At Megillah reading. Just downloaded a grogger app. Totally serious.
Dear conservatives: Dagny Taggart got laid all the time & she was AWESOME. Promiscuity? It's called freedom. Maybe you've heard of it.
bitch you on twitter but you can't text back
well, I was already planning to attend if that makes you feel better! :)
&quot;Dancing with the Stars&quot;: Jaleel White out after dance duel - CBS News
I just told that if I were going to be in Hillcrest I would know where 2 go, but I have to stay in LJ
RT : Office Depot served roast duck to Tony.
Are you a #DrawSomething addict? Check out for some good laughs! -CJ
it's a beautiful morning!!!!
I have trouble doing top 20 now. I can only get to 13, which is the number of shows I've given a 10 to.
Feeling creatively trapped by four walls..need some open space, sky, stars..something to get the creative juices going!
may be up that late studying on sunday night. doctoral exams looming... can't wait to hear the teachers on air!
RT : Boo. Sbarkes said it was open on their website today. Not open till 10. *the dog wash place?*
your comment on that fb photo is exactly why i tagged you -- celebrate TOSSEDNESS.
when does it drop?
One time to turn to you
The Blue Button Initiative & Health Data Initiative are two government programs that are helping to revolutionize healthcare.
On Sunday, a Live Blog of Super Bowl Ads (Including Some You Haven't Seen Before)
I have torn my car apart to find out WHY it smells like garlIc-no bulbs that rolled out of a grocery bag, nothing
haha good job :)
Because I'm highly passive-aggressive, novel-length text msgs will be answered with one word. Every time.
No one can go back and make a brand new start, however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
I already sold them lol
Received enormous amount of email, re: ReaderKidZ, DUKE giveaway. I didn't respond to emails, but everyone was entered. Appreciated support
got that basketball practice tommorow
Tuesday night we're all headed to the Food Bank. Come join us for a few hours of doing good things. Then, we're off to Valhalla to do more!
thanks for retweeting us! :D
Chariots of Fire won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1981. I hated that song.
Tuesday busy busy busy
you sound all educated an smart lbs u learn something new every day
that means i gotta to Canada all the time!:)
If you were to ask me "are you a door to door window salesman with a pony tail?" and I said no, I'd be lying.
Umm DO NOT TEXT AND DRIVE it is illegal. Pay attention to the road
Not watching nearly as many movies this year has turned out to be somewhat of a relief. The dishes get done, the laundry is clean...
loved tonight's rerun- marathon man against Jeremy's car.
Q1..lots of interactivity and gaming..make it engaging!
Getting ready to go to Marion :)
priorities...askew
we are having a game night tomorrow! Taboo! Lol!
I can't even keep count with all the followers Justin is getting. #22million!? Geez I remember #6million and some remember #45000. <3
Jessica Alba ’s Next Role: Book Author
I clean my shit
All my music on itunes just erased .
up the Dubs! Now I have to find a pub showing it.
Hey can you arrange for me to buy some killer seats upfront, I checked and front tickets are unavailable. :-(
miss u much!!!!
DANG MAMA !! Please Let Me Go #I Swear Thats What I Be Talkin About
Today is going to be a longg day :/ ,oh well....
Haha. It really does. Lmao. NOM made me laugh. xD I love it to, and thank you Zerran.
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. - Ray Bradbury
I love that song :)
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
Joe is up north with the boys so It was ladies night + Owen. I think he likes ladies night.
really? We dont even have butter?
what about hardy boys or nancy drew? maybe boxcar children?
Thanks for the <3, Susan!!
No, but I like the idea. I feel consumed by alerts and inboxes...I definitely long for attentive conversations! Have you?
Seriously, that's what every Boston fan says about their teams even if it's complete and utter bullshit.
Issue 4 coming soon. Includes work by & noteworthy
We're thinking of trying to capture some of the flavors of Thai massaman (cardamom, coconut milk, cinnamon, etc) in a cocktail
What's up with Obama pushing for Reid? Does Reid have some TMZ info on the Prez or what?
It's weird how my mom and girlfriend text
I was only listing SF companies!
Watching couples fight at Ikea makes me happy that I will die alone.
#AMA's... here we go... got my sour cream and onion chips:)!
Great meetings in San Bernardino & Anaheim. Now in San Diego for a couple more!! I luv SD but HI is calling us!
thank you (:
Totally! Except #32 cause everyone knows that She-Ra was the long lost twin sister of He-Man. ;)
Paul Ryan: debt crisis on our horizon if stay on path we're on. The president's budget makes is a lot worse
It almost startles you into speeding. It so creepy!
RT : Munchin on some grindich from - curry goat, chicken parties and a refreshing Ting.
Screen testing remarkable student actors @ Leon High.
I could use some donuts!!!!
Everyone tweeting #C19 is attending the Pecha Kucha panel.
gone to hell since you left. jk shouldn't make jokes
Before starting a job pound your client's brain for what they REALLY want so you're not stuck doing extra unexpected work
Lol you're rude annoying and selfish <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
YES!!!! I am ready for my fortune
Yes, they have succeeded in making this about the "bad" teachers
If you haven't already... go follow me on Instagram >BriBriJets<
High school is shit i wish I could go back to kindergarten-.-
Miami Marlins New Stadium Opening Night tonight!
wonderin' how my friend is feelin' about visiting my backyard today?
Today only! Get a dozen chef's choice OR choco chip OR chocolate dough with white choco chips for $8 plus tax! Good luck studying! Please RT
amazing! You???
Hitting the books studying for the NARI Certified Remodeler exam.
Good to hear! There were a lot of great submissions!
OH.. im sure
yeah goodnight
On the set...what the hellls going on?!?!
Archaic Age Greece begins with writing around 750 BC. Greece was not apart from the Near East as now acknowledged by classicists reluctantly
Can we make a date to watch something else instead?
space tigers... they want in!
#Hoosiers don't know what's coming I've never been so hyped for a game. UK +15 baby. F Hoosier nation they can't play outside assembly hall.
I had one of his boards back in the day(Wednesday). It was stolen, but one of my favorites. He on twitter?
Great shoot tonight with the cast of Macbeth at The Barn Playhouse in Norristown.
yea same here, might actually go to the m&g but that'll be it
Agree, we use Allergy Eats; consumer reviews help make things easier
aw thanks!
You're a doll. Thanks so much!
At age 7, Louis Armstrong taught himself to play while in a home for juvenile delinquents- InSpotter app
Of course you can come by! You have my cell, right?
"Riddles of the Sphinx" and "Building Pharaoh's Ship" on tonight! Then learn more about who built the pyramids bit.ly/kv5ASN
My boyfriend says that I treat him like a child. So i gave him a lollipop for suckering himself
still going strong with attendance? We pulled about 115 to last months monthly man.
are you gonna do one last performance before fiesta ends?
BTW the twitter dashboard of ubn is code from thinkupapp.com. If u want to see yr tweeps in a cool new way, DM.
I'd check out a Foo Fighters show.
Great article by Brian Solis! thanks for posting the link.
guess what... I JUST HEARD 11:11 ON THE RADIO!!!!!!!
I've only been peripherally involved and not among those camping. Will find someone better. Email
NOW that's COMEDY!!! LMFAO... Super Cute Too!!!
Sleep in past 6 a.m. for the first time in weeks? Or wake up early and hit the flea market?
Are you going to post pics of your outfits?
Your iMessage sucks.
Hope's story is truly touching and made me happy. Wonderful lessons on teams - thank you for sharing!
sheldon is going to poop himself, that's all i know.
Too early to comprehend
Oh don't forget Twitter Fam if you follow me I'll follow you back x).
Gonna have fun today with the girls, but wish things could be okay with my boyy:/ could make my day kinda suckk.
This semester has been great for grading. Latest "scales from my eyes" moment: discovering VLOOKUP in Numbers.
-> -> -> another gem: leave footprints. because we can.
you is sexy ass nigga I would fuck u
Who the fuck would be up this early? Oh yah me:/
jeez my head hurts
My day was long,,, it's not over yet,,, i got massive homework to do,,,
Elves for all! I will leave them scotch and fine chocolate!
My car smells like cranberry & vodka! >:o lol
Totally stoked to find out that got some help from a librarian. Go you! :-) /
Looks like Jersey Shore is returning. To end the season, the cast will make a suicide pact, and slowly walk off the shore...into the ocean.
Heeyyyy...you actually have an #IMDb Producer page!! Sweet.
have a great race day!! Go24!!!
Just checking in and letting you know is releasing a brand new song! Keep supporting!!!! :)
Quote for the day... “The brain does not create consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.” -Eckhart Tolle.
here we go... ABC breaking news...
Tip: Putting something into the Trash or the Recycle Bin doesn’t delete it. You have to "empty" the Trash or Recycle Bin.
Wish I was there too!
Parking is in either of the lots provided. We validate your tix, but cannot if you valet.
Start your whining now...LOL...no goal!
Love that profile pic! You look great and you're still going strong! Vegas show was hot!!
Thx! We can't wait either...but first, the writing. I'm whipping to get started :)
Where is my knight in shiny armor to come save me and take care of business for me this time, I promise I will do the next round;)
So many people at my school are dating that you never thought would....
thank you so much !
Son sitting next to me with phone beeping. Coincidentally only when I tweet the word 'fuck'. Check 1, "fuck", check 2 "fuck", check, check!
#childhoodmemories thinking destiney child, and charlies angels was the same group(:
I'm sorry for your loss. I miss him too.
“ Done with freshman year !” ' Ikr!!
Thanks for RT about my review of YA book CALLI - getting the word out about great YA books!
The redline is amazingly backed up.
How about those #New #Years #Eve #Resolutions??
I'M JUST.... AT A LOSS FOR WORDS...
Just because your world stops doesn't mean everyone else's does.
Bored as fuck
Aww - thanks, girlfriend!
GO BOBCATS!
The Bulls lose in the First Overtime. Great season guys, keep your heads up, you had a great season! Thank you
A hardy Red Vine, disco ball, peanut butter and bacon sandwich welcome to our newest members! Peace Out!
eh, you're prob right. i always find it funny how the so-called "moral" don't get their immorality. so ironic
During #civilunions debate here, surprsd by KDVR-Fox31's sympathetic reporting. If Fox moving w/culture maybe u should too
29 Days, 23 Hours, and 56 Minutes until one of our favorite traditions, The Battle of Lexington! Men's & Women's Bball v. John Jay. It's on.
TOTALLY #VEGAN if you just eat around all the meat! seems to be uninterested in this awesome conversation.
Working on developing more blended learning and social media into Sales Training
Science class..
Men are smarter then women.
discovered brokencyde last night. I think my soul died a little.
sorry about the delay had a busy weekend but I'll work on them asap thanks :)
Going to get #Starbucks since is coming to help me pack today!!! #movingblows it's too pretty out
(NWS) SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTH CENTRAL OTERO COUNTY IN SOUTH CENTRAL NEW MEXICO UNTIL 8:30PM.
Ughh! Bitch is nasty
Dave Cornell is talking about removing the boulder of paralyzingly fear blocking our way - finding the cracks and chipping away.
has the most awesome hair...I shall steal it before the night is over. By steal I mean "take a really awesome picture of..."
It's excellent!
my birthday is this coming Saturday:D can I get a early happy birthday to?! <3333333 (:
What fashion figure from the 1920s lives in a world full of wonder? They call her Flapper, Flapper . . .
You are pretty early (or late) for your midnight breakfast!
all the #whitneyhouston on the radio is bringing me back to recording myself singing her songs into my playskool recorder as an 8 yr old
Certainly does not excuse his prior actions in slave trading. I do believe in new starts & forgiveness. Thanks for bringing it up.
Just remember, that every girl before me was a mistake, & every girl after me is a downgrade.
No Guidos in this organization.
RIP Donna Summer. what a tragedy
So glad to see president Obama speaking out in support for same sex marriage. If I could vote, you'd have my vote!
That was a walk in the park compared to a romantic comedy
Excellent! Congratulations!
This job makes me swear.
still no info. Police are staying tight lipped about it. Not sure why. I'm still working the phones to get some answers.
He probably was gay...
you know you had FUN when you CANT tell your parents what you did
100 articles skimmed. 618 to go.
missing your presence at #SMBAustin this morning. Great event with with
I'm too hungry!
Family guys is too funny
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
Hey Josh! Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Thx for the follow!
Looking forward to reading for you today! Thanks for bringing me in!
just got in from aahm meeting. Not tonight! Jazzanova concert!
You know a good friend when talking to them is like a breath of fresh air.
The mom with the accent and her daughter are too much already
it's funny because me and my mom were in Mexico 2 years ago and we met a mother daughter there. Anyway they are sort of (c)
BTP is now offering half price tickets to Friday night SHORTS. Theatreproject.org
tell me about it, but then again that can get a bit confusing..lol
or he would kick your ass up and down the street
It's even harder when you hear them setting up on the other side of the wall! See you tonight!
Excited to have just purchased a pro account! Do you have an iphone app in the works? THAT would be key.
Agreed. #DharunRavi probably could have easily avoided prison with the plea bargain.
is it cuz u got a job, congrats on that btw :)
...and that makes me think twice about it.
No one will Skype me -.-
Josh is singing one of my all time favorite song YOU RAISED ME UP?! O.O i am done...
I Miss You TO .
me freaking too.
...would anyone like Alice and Wonderland on a baseball besides me?!
Boom! Yes, Seamus shouldn't distract from the real issues! RT : Agreed...I think history of...
No, Hidden was my first! Thanks for the recs.
although, FWIW, it is not a respected newspaper. Considered gossipy trash. :(
same here. waiting for a Beer Hoarders show.
WriteAdvantage Thanks for following us. We're following you back!
We need a table in each session "reserved" for bloggers/tweeters who need a powerstrip.
I'm making Chicken Enchiladas recipe from Dallas. Would <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>Love the spinach dip recipe!
Man I am so sleepy I was sketching and drifting off. been a long day for this old man.
Reminder going into summer with hot nights, lock windows shut at night, especially on street level!
Another 12 hour marathon?!
Happy Easter to all
can't get Kentucky Basketball off my mind, can't wait for Saturday
oh no, forgot your lunch? AH!!!!!
What us the deal?? We have over $1,000 in the B 97 piggy bank with Get Loaded!!! Somebody's gonna win!!
Bears take Oregon St safety Brandon Hardin with 79th overall pick - Washington Post
In the trunk punk, we bouncin' to Jamaica Queens funk / An' inside the blunt 121 skunk!!!!
Been making vanilla lattes at home every day. Decided to try vanilla soy milk instead of nonfat. 1/2 the sugar and it tastes the same! Yay!
I know how you feel my dad and I dont get along either,i get in trouble basically every day if u ever need to talk im here 4u
It is the best thing ever...but, what is that filter?! looks spiffy.
After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home. Why can't we beat the Preds? :(
FIVE days until and I land on Haitian soil! Make sure you follow to stay updated.
heading to murfreesboro today!
LIKING ALL OF KAT VON D'S PICTURES ON INSTAGRAM OF HER CAT BECAUSE SHE'S AMAZING.
Liz La Point is looking mighty cute today!
thank you, same to you :-)
Since like none of us are going to the JMOMS, we should go to... (cont)
I designed 6 T-Shirts yesterday. Is that possible? HAHA!
entertain me?
Multiple page resume's are mostly seen in professions in science dealing with publications
What happen to Lisa Turtle she look terrible.. she used to be so beautiful
If you have Siri or have access to it, please ask it "what is the meaning of life?" Christina and I just died laughing.
I heard you died. Is that true?
We love you too!
semi time! !!
let me kno by da end of da month...start preparen now to stay a weekend down here...we gon have too much dam fun..i promise u
also the Sox aren't handling this well at all. If the Rochie report is true, that adds more fuel to the fire.
we do, indeed.
it was like 80something and now it's getting cool
any news show
You should make this in a boys tee too. Some boys like Dirty Dudes too you know.
Girls Sleepover: Expectation: PILLOW FIGHT!!! Reality: " Pass the Doritos Beeotch"
Stitcher is a great app for finding podcasts - where do they come up w/ these names?
The pastry case at makes me wish it was my birthday---every day
please follow me :D 24
i would like to attend SXSW this year. An interactive badge costs $650... hm
LOL! Yeah, glad Bill Self ain't in UK's locker room!
Believe in life and #neversaynever life is worth it!!!
U should follow plzz it would mean the world to me:))
Realistically? I bet it will end when the rain starts to come on the daily.
RT : S/O to all 1,300 of my followers by the name of 'Jasmine' or 'Jazmine'-*waves*
Me album sounds mint
Gotta go for the throat! No #FireSpaz offense!
going to the mall tomor before i go to six flags
Per Vicent Llopis: Pippity is a people pleasing popup WP pluggin to get people to subscribe while on your site.
Would peace !!!!! Just shiitted on westbrook !
Of course the high is only 74 the day I'm laying out
Then we played pool at my house tonight. I lost twice. Almost lost once. It was good fun though. I learned that physics is a butthead.
RT : RT : Idea for a funny scene: while giving birth to a baby, a woman shouts at her husband.
hahaha that's quite possibly the geekiest thing I'll hear all day - but I love it! :)
Oh how I long to get your book here in the States. Seeing as how is so close.
NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself, bitch!
Busy here tonight :) love it!
The Captain Planet cartoon was ahead of its time...
looks familiar ;_;
Just wrote a new kick ass song on the piano ... u know ur jealous :p
lol oops he knows I'm sorry.
Einstein: We have reversed the relationship between the sacred intuitive mind and the rational mind...
Hold the phone. No buzzer bucket. Butler at the line with a chance to win.
oh no! Lil Gucci?
So I definitely got an B on a paper that I completely bullshitted and I'm pretty sure I did well on the exam
My bad! But now that you know, I don't have to tell you that Benedict Cumberbatch wins Most British Name EVER. lol
New trend alert: bands at tech startup conferences. It works if they're witty and versatile.
I'm diggin tats!
On the air, broadcasting LIVE from 3pm-3am TODAY!
Not necessarily a dif, but a biz owner may treat their co like a job, whereas a true ent. will develop income streams.
We're installing a limestone driveway in the historic Heights. Would your house look great with a new driveway? Call us to discuss options!!
R's don't care what O's supposed "celebrating" means 2 the presidency. This is the politics of ENVY. O succeeded. They Failed.
PS For those of you not in our area - we will be able to send them out in the mail as soon as we get our Paypal going :)
Keep my pnuts out yo mouth...and my sweater
POLL: When #KinkOnTap returns, what would you be most interested in? A) News roundup. B) Interviews. C) Audio seminars. D) All of the above.
get on her for me son
no bullshit stood up and fukk off a brand new pair of socks she got me sis
Tonight! Andrew Jackson Jihad, Philadelphia, and The Theoretical Monkeys at the Hi-Tone.
nice meeting you! had to sneak out - sorry for not saying 'bye'
Hate people that talk about basketball that have no idea what their talking bout
yup! go garry!
So we know the card is near bam in brooklyn, here's a street address: rockwell ave!!
California here we come! Pilc Moutin Hoenig playing Bad Ass Music (initials anyone?). Very excited, can't wait to see you there.
love your acting on greys anatomy
this is me every time i get my period lol D=
. One honest question I have: Why was the "compression" editorial decision reported as *news* in 2012?
I wish my school would burn down. Jesus christ that would be wonderful.
I want a fucking iPhone and I will get it I always get what I want best believe
thank you for those kind words. The Lord is working thru u this morning, my mom has been gone 25yrs, miss her
I tell my frends to blame bc he got me obsessed with #SaySomethin !!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thank you! Clara is amazing. Can't wait for you to meet this future femgineer. ;)
We disabled a bunch of modules that we aren't using, that seems to have helped the problem (at least for now).
While "thinking what I really think" last night, I had this wonderful dream.
There's a chick using her laptop while she's jogging on the treadmill.
omg i dont want them to leave
Wtf cartoons be on nowadays?!?
people should know that your sexual preference its just a lil part of you. you still the same person.
you practically walked me home last night. Thank you
Well hey there to you my fellow Long Islander!
RT if you wish you lived in Texas so that you could randomly meet Austin on the street.
My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants. ~J. Brotherton
It's Not Easy Walkin In Stilettos! But Somebody Gotta Do It!! (:
En route to NOLA w/ & early!
The Bellmen will be playing several times during
"He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him who sent me." John 12:44
Just got pulled over AGAIN for going 50 in a 35 and did not get a ticket AGAIN. Trust, I know how to talk to police.
Don't focus on the obstacles, focus on the opportunities.
haha i thought you were talking about me before i saw the gossip girl, ahah. gotta love
getting ready for tomorrow
Sorry if I said something wrong, because I do not speak English. I am Brazilian, I speak Portuguese. Sorry same. :)
how is your morning going ? ILY
that was great! lol
#artedsymp Vivian Alvarez using comics to help promote healthy conversations about self morbidity with teens
CBM Meteorologist is now on Twitter! Follow her!
when do I get to come watch a halftime show?
Sunday fun day in Broad Ripple! What's everybody up to??
$702.6 million — The amount of non-airline revenue O'Hare generated in 2010. Just over a third of that came from concessions.
That was painless. Nothing like 10 minutes of people laughing at you.
That's OK. Get's him out of the central! Fear the Dear!
SKIP Drake.. The PARTY is at EPIC tonight!! 5&7pm
Tonight! : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies and this afternoon, : Silversun Pickups
I'm being serious!
RT if you're planning on sipping on #MintJuleps at The Echo during the #KentuckyDerby this Saturday!
more like damn run away !
Who Tryna Buy A PS3, $150?
hey Brooklyn
GO FOLLOW , AND ME PLISSS!!
Took the youngest's pacifier away starting last night. Man, that was a cruddy night's sleep...
I know it's just February 22, but I have the worst spring fever today. The sunny gardens at are calling my name!
Maybe you should wake up early and check out its a lot smarter political discourse where liberal is alive and well
It's about time register with ! Who's with me?
We understand the SENSITIVITY & IMPORTANCE of medical deliveries. We deliver to hospitals, medical centers, clinics, & even LTC facilities
Big Things Coming!!!
I don't know why everyone doesn't sell covered calls its like low risk free money.
FWIW, I always have the up-to-date WP. And did.
Track meet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
whatchu talking about? The tilapia? I cooked it. :)
Baby get familiar with the order
The magic number is '3' :D~
I was also listening to when I fell, scraped my knees & R pelvis. It's all your fault Marc!!!!
Bush all day
I know it's a little early, but I'm already declaring #TeamHatfield. #HistoryChannel That mini-series looks AWESOME! ~Brian
... That's right. It's an All Star Sunday on 106.7 Kiss FM. EJ the DJ comes in after Brooksie. Listen to Emily NOW.
take it easy, love nothing.
Okay, yup. BLAIR CHOSE CHUCK!!!!! Bout dang time. C'mon season 6! C'mon Chair wedding!
Thanks! Glad you liked it!
thanks for the RT
Got a #haircut may daughters say I now look like #DoratheExplorer and
Shonda is The Queen of Drama!!
The worst feeling ever? Knowin that no matter what u do u can't change how someone feels about u...sucks!
Wishes everyone a safe and Happy Holiday Season and New Year!
Dear Craigslist apartment ads. Why even bother putting up an ad if you "haven't gotten around to taking pictures yet?" Seriously!
um....what? If you think I can just drop the N bomb and get ratings...you know eff-all about radio and should stick to...whatever
Like you, I'm just here to help. =)
Already. Mommy shit to the crib, had me looking good on film lol
- Just watched it again on SportsCenter...Congrats!
I performed a 3 week tour in South Africa last May. I'm really looking forward to coming back, hopefully soon!
this is my first twitter and I'd like it if you were my first follower <3 your amazing!
Samehere I know this season we can make it to the playoffs win the world series :)
Quote of the day: Do for one, what you wish you could do for all!
mommacat is just gonna have to deal
Trying to install iPhone 3.0 but it isn't working .... :(
Christians are freaks.
I can vouch for the Little Jake - it sounds so much better than the Telex, which I've heard a number of people use.
just tapped, Brewing Single Batch Off-Pistle Pale Ale (replaces Idoit Sauvin Manic IPA Series)
Wish it was no such thing of rain
Netflix on the couch for the rest of the night!
#loyalsaturday Criss have u ever read someones mind or speak to them telepathically?
I've got a few unique marketing ideas for my architecture firm. Interested? I can send you some info.
mum when are you back on the air? I miss u guys!
Thanks for coming on the tour today! You were a fun group!
it's April 22nd :)
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I've been hearing it a lot lately.
how am i "trippin"?
We demand to dance like nobody is watching!
#BeatPhoenix!!! Need one soon before it gets to heart attack time!
no way! She'll be creeped out. Shot her through a window while shooting a cheese assignment across the street.
MY BOOBZ HURT <U+E411>
That awkward moment when you accidentally answer a call you were trying to ignore."
Excited to play with Tonight at Portside in (Canton) Baltimore to kick-off St. Patty's Day wknd!
Hope all goes well at SXSW!
I love today's Google Doodle. Happy birthday, Keith. I still miss you, even all these years later.
Be unique , just like everyone else .
im with Ya PUERTO RICO all the way lols :D
Shitty wind is gonna piss my dick off today.
lucky you ;)
Do not promise if you do not believe that it will fulfill the promise,because the pain you cause the other,sooner or later come back to you.
“: "A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men."”amen sir!!
Ya RT : Aye baby, I gotta plastic bag, wanna fuck?
Coffee debacle! The coffee machine is making high pitched whoopee cushion sounds! No! Not today!
We agree with you. Apps can have features that make being social simpler
sounds good man
#Santigold...that is all.
Do it! RT Thinking about watching tonight on demand. What do you think ?
i haven't seen anything about it... hahaha
cant wait to go back home to my lil bro, my dogs and my truck<3
i love pizza rolls
Thanks. They've turned into a bigger investment of time than I really intended. Probably ought to be doing more books instead.
Just found $10 outside American Apparel. Bonus for me. Sadness for some hipster
your cash and your jewelry is what I expect!
"What rough beast slouches towards Bethlehem to get civil unioned."
Wear good shoes for your hoofing to the movies! ;)
Someone in congress was real excited about protecting us against #cyberthreats. Who was that? Any mention of our
Ashton and Hanson could be body double
the rain stopped and the sun is out it may just be a good day after all
I'm ready to settle down
The Hunger Games was awful...
Soo a lady is watching us in family dollar lmao is it because we black?!
You dream about, I make it happen cause I'm about it!, (Athlete talk baby!)
. "sending out a tweet with a typo." = typocasting
yes! Me too!
have you tried redirecting with exercise?
I bought red pants just like Louis!!! And I have suspenders :] Just waiting to buy my striped shirt ^.^
Holy smokes!
i think i forgot to bring a pencil :o
Totally! I was really impressed!
Pissed I can't get "December" ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr
Real Talk! i like!
Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you shall glorify Me. ~Psalm 50:15
'cause I'm ugly as hell. #uglypeopleproblems why you single fo ma? you lookin' gewd!
Where you at nigga?!
Eating, drinking and being MERRY!
Time to feed
Just gotta get through this day then gunna go with baby jesse to get his new tattoo!(:
very cool, we gotta get you in studio sometime! Coach v Coach with James Galanis!
I love the charade of watching congress applaud calls to reform their own corrupt, unethical, & self-interested fecklessness.
Apparently, if you get arrested tweets count as "1 Call". That being said, could someone please text my wife and let her know I'll be late?
You can't simply argue that the #SEC had more picks in history, because the #B1G didn't have 12 teams until this year.
Yay, officially off work and have my birthday weekend awaiting!!! Bout 2 go get my hair did and start the festivities!!!!!!! #ASAP ;)
you. are. welcome.
Setting a goal and early New Year's Resolution... Hawaii Writer's Conference in 2011 or bust!
A picture says a thousand words... But are they saying the right ones...?
Headed to the gym
famous for being the Haganiest
I'm on the next level already so...... Get on my level #Bitch (:
sorry to hear about your spring break at the hospital. Take care!
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart. It's 'cause your supposed to go through life & find the other half.
thanks for the follow!! Hope you like our music!!
Reading "The Paris Edition" an autobiography of Waverly Root - an amazing look at journalism in Paris during '20s and '30s
Sotheby's International Realty Networking Event in FL was lovely! Wow do we have so many exciting things to offer as a brand!
"So, do we have a deal?" [with "air guns" blazing and hair slicked back]
Today's a good day to go shopping(:
Heads up! My 300th follower is gonna get some free stuff courtesy of !
I normally have multiple windows with tons of tabs opened. Maybe I should get a dual monitor.
Jonatics Are True Fans :D
Madly getting things ready at the office to be away at #AAM2012 and #vacation!
No I.D. Is on a roll, #DAUGHTERS kills the other songs #TheDON just came out with.
Why are all of the lights on in city buildings at night? Aren't most people out of their offices so shouldn't they be off?
working on a coupon code toolbar - do y'all prefer mondo savings on stuff or cash back?
Getting a lot of #FF love today - love all my haters, Ohio sports lovers, & always a special place 4 this years Cavs fans, haha.
Volunteering with tonight :)
Seriously!! We're booking them tomorrow for sure... shouldn't be too packed, I hope. See you tomorrow!
Then I will lose my mind. Love em both. RT : Also, congrats Predators. I'm rooting for you until yo play the Pens in the finals.
"fingered here,nairy nips, big boobs"
Dusk in Portales—and a man called police to say his son, 19, is not doing well. He's schizophrenic—and he was outside, with a gun, shooting.
oh nothin just my belly pierced again lmao
happy birthday hope u having a great day love you xx
My TL is mostly about sex and cuddling right now <U+E409>
Not sure on the warts... RT : You can use WD-40 to remove super glue and... Warts?
Good to know I'm not the only one who noticed the WV!
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
"Avoid MWAs - Minimum Wage Activities." - Marshall Sylver
Prepping podcast interviews for 3 big time social scientists over the next 2 weeks for
Just ignore that dude. He's only interested in advocating, which is fine. But arguing with him is pointless.
I wouldn't be so mad if they talked quieter, but no, they choose to fucking yell across their god damned rooms to each other.
Hey all - broadcasting live in 15 minutes from WCUW 91.3 FM Worcester MA or www.wcuw.org streaming live- Jewish music.
I wish I coulda done that -.-
I remember that night we laid in bed, naming all our kids that we hadn't had yet.
When the #pain of remaining the same grows greater than the pain of change, we will change.-unknown #Sobrietyisworthit!
At this rate, my darling girl will START in size 1. *sigh* She's getting ginormous in here.
An spokesman tells the suspicious objects in the bag are considered "benign."
Yes! Ordered our 'Hilary Hahn & Hauschka' tickets. Can't wait to see them in May.
Cowboy Bebop.
Strikeout rates were much lower in the deadball era. I think Mr. Dunn has got this one locked up.
Live like you are dying!
:'( why is almost every guy in my life a dbag?
Midnight's the deadline for this week's March Madness Book Giveaway question, spill your guts on YA literature/authors!
I have issues? At least I don't share my issues all over Facebook you little bitch.
Chairman Mondale calls bill great deal for all -- Minneapolis, Minnesota & Vikings.
#Rappers Hit us up if you want one free lease! all you have to do is follow us and retweet this status..then hit us up with your email
It's not that I'm at work late... it's that I don't think I'll finish my work tonight, before I have to report back tomorrow! :P
Procrastinating by reading and analyzing strategies of different vodka brands' Twitter accounts. I need a life.
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Why yes they are:-) I've been meaning to paint my toenails.
From traveling the world for a TV series with to playing the part of an Arab man in True Lies, has done it all!
I wanna move to Hoboken. They have cool accents.
no my phone is randomly unfollowing people! So I'm going back and following them bc Twitter is being dumb lol no drugs and alcohol
Hey ma! What was the best gift you received this mother's day?
is lookin good in the red/orange tie! Making great points about US Economy & how to make better!
Killer instinct!!
lol I thought thats what it meant but there was 2 k's so i wasn't sure
Well they better give you a newer & bigger office then!
: that link don't work!
How much is your time worth? We have an 85 % first visit fix rate.
Monday again... I can't wait until President's day! :)
that stinks. We will miss u!
Did you run the #minimarathon today? Go to to download your pic as u crossed the Yard of Bricks!
I'd say it works like consumer debt, given the small, frequent loans due to haste, poor discipline, "temporary" shortages+
Inside source: Warners set to release "Living in a Big Way," last Gene Kelly musical to come out in DVD.
IS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL,AND VERY TALENTED.tHATS WHY I LOVE HER!
Remember when you were running bad and we talked about how it only takes 1, eh...or 3, wins to change all that? Nice work!
Wish I could be there to see that!!
I'll watch just about anything with Harrison Ford in it.
hello, nice to meet you.
good morning lovely(;
thaNks for the follow.... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights... 24/7
The #1 thing standing in the way of an owners or a managers work day is paperwork. We'll find the best software solution to fix that problem
Think I'll wait for the 4s with my April upgrade, farther out on the future curve
may the odds be ever in your favor
Hey guys!! I'm glad to be back!!
So excited to hear just announced their new PhD program in Clinical Counseling! That's my ultimate goal!
Who is this? RT : What happened to your Flyers? Lol
Pres Obama saved US auto industry because he knew it supports 1000s of other small businesses. Mitt said let Detroit go bankrupt.
Feeling inspired and happy and so full of gratitude!
Sorry, my jackassery got a little out of hand there.
CP3 is just too quick
since your obviously gonna be famous.. Dont forget the people who have supported you from the start<3 luv ya alex!! Lol xD
Big Bang Theory in 00:20 minutes!!!! :)
have an awesome day SEXY X
I love how u appear in my dreams from time to time ;)
hope everyone had a great labor day weekend if you are ready for a smog check give us a shout out and we will give you our summer discount
is yournotthatsick coming on:(
you're pretty terrific!
If any teacher actually tries to do something today im just going to sleep......im looking at you Schwanacamp
Getting all final touches ready for our tasting tonight!
So weird I thought James Earl Jones died years ago
anywayzzz im baking cupcakes :B
Priest spoke indecipherable broken english today so I just imagined the message in the homily was "be excellent to one another."
: Open to public, no cover, free food, and drink specials. Check link at sidebar of the site.
A nigga need to pull the fire alarm
I'm roadtripping to Texas! It's happening!!
Doing well! I miss you!
Passing through Harrisburg PA, reminds me of the fun I had visting last year!!
I want to have a kid and take him to the park in the morning...
well I was standing on the corner of Winslow Arizona. Such a fine sight to see.
Pre apologies ...if you get blocked . Hope to see you at fridays meeting.
Grinding for more...
we will keep in touch<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> i promise(:
You should never eat before you sing=P
Have you ever had the feeling youre going to regret what you just said to someone? Yeah, ive got that right now, but it had to be done aha
Congrats to Franklin Regional HS Marching Band, marching in the Tournament of Roses parade. #PghinPasadena. Go Panthers!
s/o to my new follower :)
I have an eentsy shard of glass in my thumb. When stuff like this happens to me, I secretly wonder if it might develop into a super power.
aye bitch its saturday wake yo punk ass up
No matter what anyone says, you're beautiful. There is nothing you can do to change that. Always believe. You ARE beautiful.
I was there a few months back and reminisced about all the fabulous wine and beer tastings that took place there years ago...
But.. it's worth it.
not the damn thing..writing for my EP
they're most likely going to say no because of my tattoos & the fact that I'm gay.
you r welcome. Let us know if we can answer any of your questions or put you in contact with those who can...
lol idk shit it just popped n my mind this morning
Congrats to all of our sisters who have become of the 2011-2012 DMIS program, it is unlike any other on our campus!
here I'll help!(:
Enjoy Barcelona?
Tomorrow is Georgetown Day!
I hope we finish watching Up in spanish tomorrow
Getting Even
Not just awake.... Wide Awake....laying here thinking about nothing...& often.
hey my fellow brother...some friends from the boston lair sent me some material you put together..Good stuff on the text game!
I have no idea! I wish I did! I think it's soon! :]
Finding someone who loves you unconditionally is real love. :)
When did plastic surgery become the in thing to do??? I don't get it.
Preparation is the beginning of success
TWEET :) Watch our movie!
In 1814 Philadelphia elected Johnathan Williams as a Congressman
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom, my Mother In-law, my wife & all the Mom's out there. May you have a great day!
Send thoughts & prayers to Hossa's family. Some evil bullshit happened to him & it looks very bad.
uk/health/article-134671/J-Los-fitness-fad-Salmas-sweaty-hobby
Maybe after a nap, my phone will be working.
My kinder child uses one at home so not sure why it should be different in the classroom.
have you tried ? I'm loving it.
The right wing doesn't trust the government to do anything, it seems, unless it's to kill a black man. Then all their suspicion melts away.
Great talk about future of display, retargeting and 1st-party data onboarding
#atmovieawards Thanks Mtv.
Yeah, you told me!
Feel free to call me... Don't talk behind my back nigga you 40... I'm 27... Keep it pushing !!!
oh do tell...
Madonna, can you please stop having epileptic fits in your music videos? Thanks.
lmbo Im not old & I LOVE THE 90s music its better than what you listen to
5hr energy rocks!!!
YES YOU ARE. PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD.
I feel bad abt that, things have been crazy... right now I'm in LA working at Dreamworks...
Holy close game Batman! Caps-Rangers has gone to overtime.
Great time training an LPGA player the past two days. Now meeting with some Limited Elite (PGA) Players for end of the year analysis.
Dreams can come true. But don't forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
thanks for the RT
Who should I start this week? Cam Newton or Matt Ryan? They both on "Play 'em" list but IDK bout Cam against Chi...
#homestuck update reaction: ROFL
Q3 I think this is a no brainer. It depends on your library. Naturally. All of our libraries are so different.
Dang - can't get a babysitter so I can swing by some election parties tonight. Hm, maybe I should bring the kiddos?
Oh, im sorry.
Never drop kick a basketball. It makes it lob sided. Everyone hates that.
RT if you agree that #MAHOMIES are the best fan base ever! <3
Graduated!!! I had the most amazing weekend with my family and friends!
30 more min then im off this
I have so much respect for :)
I'm not going to be able to lift my arms above my head tomorrow!
FINAL SCORE: Michigan 40, Ohio State 34
I'm glad the draft is tonight because I can't take anymore of this Griffin vs Luck crap.
but on a positive note, the peeps have been awesome and it's been busy for a lunch hour time slot
Thank you!
How many units did Pluto sell first week?
& are hosting a carwash today from 4-8 at the Delt house. Be sure to stop by and support #MarchOfDimes. Only $6.
love you too boo!
thank you Robert!
Going to WHC to work on Audio/Visuals for the Announcments for this Sunday. Hopefully i can get out soon to celebrate my bday!. Much Love
#NeverShouldYouEver get a HOE pregnant. That's a big NO NO.
NU can't run it | 3rd down and short, will they try? | Nope... false start NU |
Goal achieved: 21 consecutive days of yoga. New 21 day plan starts tomorrow. Lift-Cardio-Yoga x2 Sunday off.
So ready to leave to LA. My work is almost done here.
Please see my answer on to: What can I do or file to be able to move my son out of the state of Florida with me...
....is this the hour ur gonna follow me? Hm *scratches chin* I wonder....yes? No? Maybe? So?
Honestly, Pitt, you gave up and I'm more than a little disgusted. Not like it might've been the last brawl or anything. Sheesh.
Looking to play in Denton, a little while after Denton 35.
I get mad when people correct me
just said don't energize your enemies <3
Charlie, look forward to see you next time I am in the Big Apple. Have a great weekend. Will look for your report on Huckabee
My grandpa watches Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory.. What a stud
Not on an iPod, but I play frog calls as background music over the home stereo. Shifts the ambiance magically.
Myspace actually has a facebook app. How much of beat down must that marketing meeting of been...
I guess I should follow you since I'm going to be one!
Yeah. Even my dreams are dorky!!!! Dreamt night I made out with....Bruce Campbell. !!? #chinsarehot?
May the best opinion win.
Haha, different people entirely... not always the case, but true today
The Lilac Festival starts this weekend & we wanted to know what your favorite part of the festival is & what festival food you can't resist.
i know someone that lives there
Morning runs are rad...
watching accepted, i remember when everybody ran around yelling "Ask me about my wiener!!!"
Oh lol I know what you talking about : p
Ugh that's the worst, isn't it?! Give us a call if you'd like a good carpet cleaning!
#whenitwascoolto play "I Spy" in the car
We think it's the best place in Oakland to tie the knot : ) Happy Valentine's Day!
Bronco Country: how long will it take u to buy a Manning jersey? Me? Awhile. I gotta see something special like I did with Timmy
enjoyed it!
I love when referees emphatically signal timeouts!
And now house of wax. Not that scary. But oh well.
lol ok thank you! :)
Way to go Arizona and tea partiers, it was only a matter of time before someone took it too far
At work the user file storage was upgraded from 650G to 7TB. I'm sure it won't take long until it is 90% full again.
Just wanna say how awesome it is when I see your names in my mentions. But that doesnt happen often:( I miss you guys haha
We either use them around the winery or sell them when available.
I think a lot of ppl are over him.
He should be ashamed of himself.
LOL Not bad. Just long. Personally and professionally.
#LongIslandMedium unreal show
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back..... you know, since you're not using it. Sincerely, _usic
! it would be march or April. I'm trying to plan ahead and find a few places to stay for a night or two.
I think I have Twitter fever, have been so busy this week but all I have wanted to do is get on Twitter.
#Random: I wish you were my personal trainer!!
People beween the ages of 18-49 your demographic means more to advertisers than real #s You're enabling a load of bad shit just by watching
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder blades will cramp his style - Steven Brust
Girls come and go, wifeys stick around.
Nothing like a robe and slippers after a night of PTA Sock Hop-ping...oy...
: Stop your grin'n and drop your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh. -- mike freeman (
Thanks for following us.. it is so nice to have ya here... wishing ya wonder nite...
Look forward to the virtual participation!
Anyone know a good, reliable, cheap plumber in RVA? Need gas logs installed and the guy I hired was a no show. #plum,er
going to see breaking dawn with tomorrow <3
sure, if you follow me[:
Buy an XBOX 360 w/ all the bells & whistles included.
our band and our singer in particular, are such a huge fan of yours, a casual listen would be amazing! Thanks for the inspiration
Miss you too!
hope things are going well!
Today is the day! Rally at 12:30 to #StopSDGEPowerlink; #SanDiego #Environmentalists come down to 2nd & Ash. Yes, there will be acrobats.
Deal. I was definitely thinking the bologna! Thanks for the recs.
Next up City of Detroit Council President Charles Pugh.
You did Flanny and all of us proud tonight. Tough night for the Orioles family, but prouder than ever to be an O's fan.# RIP
what school are you at? my husband went to judge
Vacation is officially over. Bring it 2012.
maybe boyfran scared u kidnap him so u can take picture :P
check out code.google.com/html5shim
are u at chipotle on campus?
his best friend's ride.. who ever... whatever.. i don't care, he's a scrub.
I would argue that cultivating culture is part of a strong business strategy not in competition with the strategy.
No matter how old I am or become, I will never grow tired of someone saying "Good night baby boy!" to me.
Some people do Literally need a hug around the neck ....... with a rope sometimes (:
Sushi+Red Wine+Chocolate=Heaven
Forecast for This Afternoon: Partly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 80s. Southwest...
Stop Lying That 92.3% statistic is BS & u know it. BTW, what % of the people u fired at Bain Capital were women?
come back to the dark side!
Jasmine Alinder on "Whose Civil Rights Histories on the Web?" panel at #OAH2012 : How do we transform a source by placing it online?
CONGRATULATIONS on your precious baby! boy or girl? My baby boy is 7 weeks old & I'm going to my 1st bootcamp class tonight. Ah!
NOW OR NEVER - Hot music ALERT! Hear a clip of the new B.o.B./Taylor Swift track at the link! Let us know what you think!...
Still trying to figure out what the hell I witnessed at the Kohl Center today.....pathetic display Bucky.
Richard, thanks for following I'd love to send you a copy of the Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns project next week.
it keeps sliding ! #no puedo
...and? What did you find?
Great to meet you as well. Looking forward to ongoing conversation!
Eric "screw the poor" Cantor will be but a pimple on our asses next time he runs for office. Squeeze, pop out with the shit he goes!
Re; I felt awful for the folks living there having their home ripped to pieces.
I See The Kitchen Im Ditching
move over jaws and MNF...it's the manning and gruden shoe!
Most edtech companies are missing the point. They should have stds designing their products - youth-driven dynamics.
... and it'll be interesting to see the solutions universities come up with in the next few years
finally made one:).
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate living with my parent is a buzz kill, we'll have to go back to your place
If you make the Wu-Tang hands one more time and tell me it stands for "whatever" I'm gonna freakout...
Man follow my fat ass cousin...this nigga to damn stupid
What is your favorite color to dress in and why?
wish Reddit would make their next / previous links bigger or put in a different location - very hard to navigate to next page on an iPhone.
sorry you will have to aim higher. Its already nearly $300 on ebay with 9 days still to go on ebay
guitar is easy!
"because father knows best" :)
Yeah, but NHL PLAYOFFS ROUND 2 on big new TV! Still unclear? :-)
lol (: Well it gets easier and i can see you know a few things to do on here.
<U+E04C> Sweet Dreams!
I miss Sex and the City. And Seinfeld. And Laverne and Shirley.
Still time to book your room for New Years!!
At My House
Chicks fib...go on
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Hope to see folks tonight at the Irving for Change meeting at African Village Restaurant, 3003 N. Belt Line in Irving!
Ugh I till can't believe I have Saturday training from 8am-3pm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
To bad It doesn't air the game! doesn't come in. Thanks to the new Droid App, it comes in crystal clear!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;)
It's actually really awkward wen ur lil sis was watching a movie but fell asleep and ur Aunt thinks its u watching a movie with a sex scene.
I am discouraged by the performance of this DVD player. I will dispose of it and all DVDs in my possession.
#FML dropped my damn phone in the toilet!!! SHIIIITTT!! I really hope this rice takes out all the moister!!
You are a lucky duck!!! Have fun!
printing panthers.
didn't see that one
April, great meeting you in person today! xo -Allie ( )
#FF thanks for the follows:
RT : Development Megaprojects Mask Sluggish #Construction Growth
There comes a time in a man's life when to get where he has to go-if there are no doors or windows-he walks through a wall.Bernard Malamud
Slaves To Substance on a loop......
State Assembly and Senate adjourned from regular session until January 2012
alright well than take care of the situation .
Just followed - I've been a customer since I was a kid!
Mike Brown still resting Kobe, I see. Good. Keep him fresh for Game 8.
What did I ever do to you?
I miss
I may have to hire you as a tutor.
Is it any wonder that w/ sponsors like the Bk of America, why S G Komen Foundation's RFTC turns its back on Planned Parenthood?
It says that you have to log in to see it, some mobile app
Do you live around Towanda, PA? Don't let your wood rot & go to waste. Sell it to CMI. Call Chuck Dibble 570-268-8769 or 607-765-3122.
What a bizarre year this has been
Dam why did she tell me that last night
I saw hustleman today, he tried to sell me a copy of the brand new avengers i passed becuase i rather pay and wait to see a movie this good
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
it's the best!
That is what every mother says, then they say " I didnt think that would work!" You have to ease them into the enviroment.
hi raf, and welcome... to web 2.0
Anyone going to be in the Orlando area June 4th to the 7th???
RT : Flight for Florida is officially purchased! #weregoingtodisneyworld!
is it rude to tell ur guest that there's no kids allowed at the reception?
Holy *bleeping* spider on my arm!!!!!!!
oh.. That's, cool (: haha
Congrats to Li Na, but Schiavone still has the better mustache.
i been on twitter neglect lately but i aint seen u on my TL lately ..
Don't be a slave to the unavailable
Is it stalking or being friendly? ;) I know via social service network. They have a really cool idea. :)
hah, well good job training us then ;)
raf simons, rick owens is usually what i’m dressing eeen.
RT : Stoked for the Passport Party taking place this weekend at the ! Thanks to !
hahaha! :) thank you thank you!
we made a note of it, will keep you posted!
thanks so much for helping me with my project!
Happy belated birthday to Al Kooper. Will be listening to some of his vinyl tonight
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas & Marengo Counties until 12:30 PM
Infante's got my back for
Congrats to all the Ohio teams headed to the Sweet 16!
ha! Not exactly. But I go just a little bit faster and a little bit further.
I live for #SSTuesdayShoesday!
Tune into CNN's Early Start and see what and have in store for you today!
On beautiful days like today, long walks to & from CURRIED are encouraged!!! Lakeview or the Loop!!
I wish girls got to wear black caps and gowns.
Getting excited for The Moth at #aam2012 general session!
Sorry if I sounded like a grumpy old man earlier when I was bitching about the new Tweet Deck. It still sucks but I'm getting used to it. :)
Poetic that the goal for comes just minutes after they announce record soccer attendance for Montreal.
whatcha doing tonight!?
Great day in Bloomington with looking at limestone architecture and talking folklore #afs11 - highlight: stump gravestones.
what a great get together. we shoud do it again,
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 7
ya I feel on the missing the church part. I haven't found one up here but that should not be an excuse.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms. Your hard work and sacrifice is appreciated and some may not say it but it does not go unnoticed!! ;-)
I think that if you purchase a product from a Co. they should be reponsible to pay for return fees if damaged,do you guys feel the same????
HAHAHAHAHA SURE THING SURE THING ME AND MY FRIENSD WOULD WALK BACK AND FORTH ON MY STREET LMFAOO
BREAKING: Sources reveal that actively tweets WHILE ON TOILET. As always, we'll keep you posted when more develops.
I've seen it before. But usually if it's close to the box. I thought a yellow was extreme there.
RT : Portland Seed Fund launches today. At the launch event now. Go Portland! www.portlandseedfund.com
People never get the flowers while they can still smell em
Get that fake shit out of my face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
school sucks !
carl banks gear discussions
o this bitch right here dreads so sexy smh
I barely get signal in dis weak bitch!
I love putting soda in the freezer until it gets just cold enough to ice up a little.
That Freeway picture? It is what it is man..
RT : When is everyone gonna realize "#winning" is fucking stupid and only idiots say it? Jess Christ shut up.
Avery got cets
Boosie is a free man. Shits about to pop off.
I'd give you one if I could!
If I ever get lost can u help me find my way back to my vault!
I was hoping I wasn't the only one in twitsville with an opinion on GP's song!
Thanks for the RT ! How's your day going?
Calling all Catering Personnel! We have a great opportunity for the right candidate. Apply online or give us a call today!
RT i need to get up and get dress. .. . . Myee to ii feel hella lazzzyyyy
are you guys open today?
HM NO :'C u buttface i h8 u rite nao.
wow im actually using twitter?
The Transportation Department is ordering airlines to let passengers stuck in stranded planes exit after three hours.
the cat is out of the filter
Thanks Jelly:)
Thanks for the follow, Barbara. Cheers!
Red Solo Cup
Combing through transcripts of user interviews. would be proud :)
Morning to all my fellow haters.
Is hump day over yet? I need a beer already
Have you heard this silly sh*t? The Featured Bit is "Shats R Us" www.freekshowradio.com
Welcome new friends and ! Hope you're having a great day. :)
Last night was crazy! Shut it down closing 4 SonicC @ Mekka. Thanx 2 everyone who came out, really means a lot! Thnx
"where do butterflies go when it rains?". -
Microsoft Accused of Hindering Firefox Browser (Wall Street Journal) #m$watch
much agreed on that statement! Let's fix it in nov!
Yes, the ultra-billionaire will save us all. The super rich always make sure we're all taken care of.
Think you've eaten at Key's? Now try it with Foursquare! Discounted drinks and apps? Indeed! Check in early & often to get in on the deals!
it beats sitting at a desk all day! It's all about adventure...and today certainly was one :-)
Enjoyed spotting you on " Up All Night. " One shot was simply not enough. :-)
Well, SHOT, I missed the amazing news that you're on the #TheClientList ! I will definitely check it out! You ROCK Desi!
Every judiciary system in Athens is fucked. Big time.
haha thank u!! Hopefully you'll hear something soon! :)
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for Chicago 2016 - tomorrow is the DAY!!
then you won't eat for a while, cause today's weather SUCKS. go eat!
Decaf?! *slaps cup to ground* *sets fire to cup* What kind of establishment is this?
": Memphis in may next week can't wait 2 eat sum good bar b q!"
first tweet----yippee! Now back to thinkin' about food :)
Make yesterday jealous of today...
well at least sense of humor was present lol
Memo to Narnians: you lose one king to kidnapping that's bad luck. More than that's just carelessness...
Firehouse w/ my fav girl ms. Amber Pybrum! Who's joining us?
I have my account back again;))
D'oh. Thanks much.
back in Oak Hill. Bleh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
gotta take him out, we need him fresh for the yanks!
Thanks so very much for mentioning me. Sure appreciate it. All bst wth ur novel Wll vst ur page
Big up for the bump ! I'm rollin' through your mix atm and I'm definitely feelin' it! We've gotta chat soon about designs man.
i'm just gonna setup a "that's what she said" auto reply to your tweets.
Moving in to my new home for the next 7 1/2 months.
Thanks! I'm so excited! Now, I just have to figure out child care. They have onsite daycare, so maybe?
awesome article, I coached against the '99-'03 teams.. insane combo of mental toughness and talent!
you to huh
Kottaras hits for the cycle!
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Normal Person Flirting: "Hey babe what's goin on? ;)" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit."
Morning after St. Patty's Day... What a ride
like I said, I worry about you.
Thought about 7500. He'd just been playing really really tight and conservative + fullring + I'm a pussy / not playing great. Mostly latter.
is recruiting for a Technical Writer in Northern #VA. The Writer will be responsible for developing proposals; authoring, editing, indexin…
They need to hurry up and have Bieber on The Voice. Im tired.
I like the way you guys organize!
Need some mind numbing TV!
Just listening to the rustling leaves, the fan whirling above, and the rain gently tapping on the window sill.
Who's Ready for Turkey and a after Thanks Giving show at Elcorzon (25th)?! -Jordan
What is virtue and honor? Virtue is placing the good of others before yourself, and honor is taking responsibility for your choice- Zhang Lu
Next year I get to work with a school to help them put my book, Bringing ABA into Your Inclusive Classroom, into action. I'm so excited!
making someones friday, check that off my bucketlist. Elkins, we need to #rekindle royal oak soon.
the #sfgaints need a rally band aid.
I like Poison! She hates them because SULLY doesn't like them
Yo It's good to hear from Ya Kai hope all is well.. i checked out ya boy Jwhizz and he definitely got some writing skills
Thanks for following us. Great appreciation. Let us know if there is anything we can do
AND.... What kind of dress are you going to wear?? Summer Casual, I'm thinking...
I know he's playing with me, that's ok 'cause I've got no self-esteem.
First taste of love , oh bittersweet like green on the vine , strawberry wine . <3
I got cut off by a tumblebee bus. You know how pissed I am
Thanks for your Follow!
i emailed mine to you!
Don't slip on any bananas. ;)
he's da man!!
btw the rapid fire postings a few minutes ago are all related to #humantrafficking & the part played by #VillageVioce & others in the crimes
The Quick and the Dead? Quicksilver?
Okay time to start my my day: write, edit, revise,edit. Finish publishing project timeline schedule details. Happy Friday!!
The current state of our government concerns me.
Strange. Two guys at LAX asked me to get in their car so they could drive me to mine---I said "no"--like Jodie Foster in "The Accused".
Consider integrating social networking buttons, comments, and other efforts to build a community at your website.
La loma, Lime.. must be that kind of night!
yes! Love him!
Game comes out. Team says, "Yay!" Suits say, "You have X months and Y dollars to make Game 2. GO!" The End.
hahaha girl it has only been 162848592028263 days
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one." - C.S. Lewis
gotta keep those little 6th graders in line
RT : American Idol tonight at 8pm on FOX43! Who is tuning in tonight to the Top 7 AGAIN
Falling In-Love is Easy... Walking In-Love is a Whole New Ballgame. (Butterflies Only Lasts For A Season)
#FollowFriday Keep up your #DoGood work!
YOU, CHANGE YOUR MIND, LIKE A.. psycho bitch but the sex is good so I think I'll keep you around.
Signs of hope in loss? Sorry Cav's but that is desperate.
because they don't want to know the real answers. at the root- it's probably stupid or a deal breaker.
cause i wouldnt think u have em
On the bus, Bumpin my headphones though.
Hey Nashville the police are HOT they working the streets extra HEAVY! SLOW DOWN & use TURN SIGNALS!!!
That, and I'm certain they made her thinner too.
"What You are looking for is Who is Looking" --St. Francis of Assisi
so what you're saying is you will use other less attractive girls to get the better looking ones
What's the tipping point or change in the delivery of public edu? 10%. When 10% of students have choices expect change.
I have decided my feelings for Snacks the Cat are Southern Gothic.
In this election there are going to be lots of blank spots on my ballot. I won't vote 4 someone unless I think they will govern responsibly
I just love what I do and I'm very thankful this week for all these opportunities that have come my way!
aww. Get a room.
Happy Cinco de Drinko! $10 pitchers of Mexican Beer all night. The fiesta begins at 4.
i just saw the most hideous "futuristic" guitar!
If I didn't have a stack of grading, I'd be doing the exact same thing!
did you see? totally gave us an #FF what an elegant way to kick off the weekend! -lisa
What is it?
Ready to win some $ on the #Derby but not sure what bets to place. Any suggestions?
I've had a life-changing day and it's not even 9am.
Do you think it could be your browser?
Come in to meet some of our new tenants! www.pitsandwieners.com Sophie is such a great girl!
No, I wasn't able to make it. Was hoping to was live....but....schedule too booked this a.m. :-(
< can you do some for me while you're there? ;-)
Mostly prep fb RT : How come there's never any sports on the KARE 11 Friday night sportscast in the fall?
I'm feeling that, too.
RT Blago jury takes the weekend off--- no verdict, not back until Monday.
ya better know it!
I had to run in the 2nd to last heat which were the fastest but stayed up there. Did you win?
P.S. You owe us a visit, um, yesterday. :)
Thanx 4 the compliment & 4 for your support. I hope your students enjoy my book. Let them know that April is Autism Awareness Mo.
I'm a Crown Royal, but I've sipped some Jack in my day. Got a new project I'm getting off the ground, like to share if OK?
RT : God Is Great
Being Short Can Be Fun....
Coming to America! The hair product used to give the shine!
CBEADLES FACT: Christian loves all hi fans so much your all his
I'm literally doing the exact same thing! What a coincidence!
Happy Friday! Thanks to our recent retweet-ers:
fish...i think i remember fish
Thanks to and others for joining the #Israel Diplomacy Fellowship reunion part deux. Stay tuned for part trois...
...'Bout to jog up to Runyon Canyon. This weeks been soo busy. Lots of Sweatin' to catch up to.
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines "Big house, long hallways, got 10 bathrooms, I could shit all day"
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Okay, I'm done with grad student talk for the day. Back to whatever it is I usually tweet about!
My moms going back to get surgery tomorrow morning, please pray for her, and that everything turns out okay.
I couldn't help it I thought of you! :D
Don't be treating these fools like royalty, they put their pants on, one leg at a time just like yourself, ..
u r so short in person!! aha and u have amazing skin!!1 im so glad i went to the workshop today!! i love u so much
Ran the Madison mini in 1:45 today. Right at goal pace. Very proud of Kim's 2:15.
Hitting the #sportsbiz road again. Heading to New Orleans. Glad it's after the Mardi Gras chaos.
Just got an email our weekend is starting at 2pm! Hell yeah!
A lttle girl just asked 100 questions about Boston. My favorite... "What him eat? Dog Food?"
last day? Boy you are silly I drive errrrday errrrday lmao
Exciting news & less than a month away: Diana Gabaldon at #BrooklynBookFestival on Sept 18!
Congrats lady! Keep rockin' it!
I love s voice.! It's the best male voice i've ever heard (: i listen to his music all the time (:
love you to
Feeling restless.
A double whammy at #drupa- a special performance by du Soleil then it's happy hour in #Xerox hall 8b join us from 4:45
Does anyone know why the cousre is yellow?
Lloyd Pratt: AAS summer seminar in history of the book is a "gateway drug" to bibliography as scholarly work. important.
Watching We Bought A Zoo with my love !! :)
Im thnkin about going out of town on my birthday cause we get out of school May 18 and my Birthday is May 16 so Ima see whats up.
Submitted my presentation proposal for today. Hope I get selected!
New Pharoahe Monch album out! Must buy - W.A.R. !
The Carp homerun hit a kid in the Bleachers and he is now being tended to.
Okay, thanks Victoria
Sure! Well transitioning into pro dance can be nerve-racking so keep your wits about you, be prepared to push your boundaries
sounds awesome. Just lemme know!
SUPER BOWL. Let's go PATRIOTS.
League of Women Voters debate unfortunately, I don't get to speak since no primary opponent
If you are writing like crazy, does that mean you are writing the same thing over and over again and expecting a book?
Mike Romanowski should start a cookbook of food references for sound mixing
As someone who works in publishing, let me say I think that's stupid.
I need to pick my head up and start crying for a guy that doesn't give a fuck about my emotions. I deserve better
thoughts on one direction hehe <U+263A>
Smallpox book? DO tel!
DYING that Aubrey got picked last of all the celebs. Too funny!! Does she not realize that she's terrible to work with?!
congrats mrs Sunday.
Seriously Kat? Kim and Alicia after last week? WTF
Let me stay with you till Friday and or let me stay with you Friday night cause I have stuff to do thur
Can you come over? (:
I should really use Twitter more! LOL :)
$5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Trying to locate the motivation to go to the Alemany farmers market before class this morning.
That's what I was afraid of. I wanted to clarify the scope and was hoping I didn't have to send to each person. Got it done though.
I once had someone tell me to be carefull when lifting things above my head so the object doesn't go through the roof. I was offended.
QDC Codes are the newest profitable strategy for online marketing..I'll keep u posted!
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO CIRCUMVENT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE?!
3 days left of school!! #SOHAPPY! (:
RT : Romney is Benjamin Button. He's working his way back to his younger positions and expects you to meet him in the middle.
Finally! You look exquisite!
No way Texas wins tomorrow
This cold is almost gone
I want Mickelson to win so bad!!!!!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE(:
Happy to see Wyoming beat
KevinJ Is Our Everything forever and always
We are not informing youth that #HIV is not a big deal. We are informing that today it is a manageable disease.
It's the prego glow! ": #Beyonce was unbelievable. One of the best performances ever. She seems so happy! It's her night!"
If you not man or woman enough to say it in my face, don't be a bitch and say it behind my back.
Look at my assistant getting those emails even while on vacay!
Cutting up strawberries...and having to resist from eating them all xD
If the forms need to be filled out by your letter writers, make a confidential evaluation request from your account.
HOLY DAMN. 7 tbh likes in under a minute...
Thanks so much!
math league is so boring ._.
yeah! I'm excited!!
not battling you on twitter
#oomf preaching right now *thumbs up*
I get my own lane at the Y because I give people an "I will cut you" kind of look when they get near me
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life. -Mark Twain
Federalist 10. Should be required reading before anyone uses the "let the people decide" argument.
Thanks man! I appreciate you taking time to listen.. but this mixtape deal is a one time thing. I produce as well.
So I take it reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated?
hello, how are you Mr.???
If they kill them, where are they going to steal the news from?
Watching some guy close on the girl with the pearl earring at the red room cc
#Tickets: Follow for latest concerts, sports, theatre events
Every thing that. I have os yours u will never go cold or hungry
tlking my nigga.... and my #twitterboo (I.E.) you lol nah..... but just chillin at my homeboy crib and on her and
Think that you might the first follower from Maysville to follow me! Awesome!
Do you fuck like you dance cause you dance like a pro
STeEZzy STyLes for Festivals <3 <3 Summer is coming so don't wait till EvryThing is Gone <3 Visit Envy Protege Designs on Face book
i know my manager is crazy
Which fests are you checking out this weekend? #GoLocal #chicago Ribs, blues and art!!!
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
the extra "e" makes it, i think. now to register the name... oh, and how much does a racehorse cost?
hey I didn't get your email! :(
Emmmy: bag of chips, cereal, burritos, chocolate, nutty bars and cinnamon rolls Me: bag of chips' juice... gee anything else
Favorite press release subject lines of the day: "LAST CHANCE TO SIGN CHANEY'S GET WELL CARD!" and "ARE TIGER WOODS FANS UNDATEABLE"
Goodmorning! Enjoy the sun!
What a beautiful sunny day! Hope everyone enjoys their Mothers Days!
Sometimes when I'm talking, I wish I sounded more like , not his voice necessarily but his intellect & delivery.
Dedication and opening of Spaceport America today! Photog Dean Hanson is covering day's events. Photos to come...
[ctd]...be a huge issue for CA current legislation.
Why didn't we run together?
Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar
word where's that at?
:( Darn! I was lookingfoward to meeting you :(Maybe one day! Can you please get information to the NYC meet and greet from austin
Can't wait! I'm pre-gaming (read: pizza eating) with some fiction folks @ my house. Come drink despite Kinkade!
Who knows how to connect your #FB status updates to your #Twitter feed? Still pretty new to this thing!
Actions are a way of you personally taking small but significant steps to reaching your personal vision
Yes your cute. Don't let that get to your head.
Ppl and their foolery...smdh!
The small things go the furthest
I'd be down for a drink when you get to #OAH2012. You'll need to do Laverne & Shirley opening song with me though.
got the maintanence guys to fix the ac! now the summer might be liveable haha
Mr. Hill, will you be able to play in the 1st round of the playoffs?
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
I know ! Lol
I live basketball!
dominate that smallest addressable market (and screen!)
Yoi assholssss i'm up ;D.
still came out good.
Hey man what's up?
Free Shipping on orders over $50.00. Offer expires tomorrow 2/8! Use Code: VDAYST12
eating a giant pizza to my face at 11 seems like a fine idea.
Sup. #teamnosleep gonna try it tonight. Feelin a lil better.
Diddy Kong aka Carlos Marmol better get it done!
hell no lol
I'll be delivering our talk "Is Anybody Really Listening?" Wednesday at the Fort Mill Rotary Club.
I'm a rich nigga so I need a rich bitch.
I'm hot, my allergies suck and I'm hungry.
Worked like a charm!!! Thanks again for the help!
plzz follow me
thanks<3 (': I saw your smile {:
New year. Made it. 2012. It's about to be even greater.
Wikipedians in residence. Interesting.
I think that was your best Philip!! That was beautiful, truly beautiful!:)
Flash News...Accident blocking the right lane...Sunset Hwy. EB east of the Vista Ridge Tunnel...
let you know tomorrow kid, I'm down...
LOL. Ew. Someone texted my sister "Hey babe...milk bath again...hehe" SOMEONE'S A CREEPA.
I just feel like breaking down at any moment right now.
iWant more followers :D.
ISU Materials Preparation Center director to appear in &#39;NOVA&#39; special
Least favorite part of going to work: putting on fucking socks.
Tiger gonna win this weekend?
Tell Liz to participate in #bowday shed look so cute ^~^
Happy birthday!
3rd street Promenade for shops, food, and beach if you haven't been there yet!
Parallel parking a metro bus? I'm impressed
You would need MORE than Jesus to beat the
head meet pillow.
That horrible moment you realize you deleted a draft you really needed....
Alleyway 2 Broadway ": You got it bro let's get to that paper!!"
HAHAHA your facial expressions >>>>
Ugh he get on my damn nerves....
ah, ok. now to fuzzy logic and z39.50 compliance... that's more on point.
my first drink was an AMF, i didn't have any idea what to order, so i just got what everyone around me was getting :p
I hear ya!
#dreamhostdownagain "Imagine the Web. Gone Away"
“: I didn't get action like that kid on the TIME cover until I was in my 20's. #stud” sadly it's documented, hate on!
we keep talking about it on the TV,online & the radio they might consider us it's better shot then the Olympics you with me V-Dub!
MTV Movie Awards
Sweet Jesus... I still have 4 hours left in this day. What does the outside world look like? I forgot.
I said
Doh! I *love* Steely Dan but that last was supposed to read "Holding Back the Years"...
Thanks for the RT!!
Wow thats incredible!! what a great gingerbread house
Don't have anything else for to sign...autograph ball and framed jersey on deck
Follow the newest and best way to get your business out to consumers.
Lol they don't check ids. Were minors drinking Japanese saki
I agree, but I believe people r naturally lazy & will take the easiest option 1st, ie not put themselves in stressful...
Renfields tonight at the Porkchops movie premier @ The Empty Glass! Movie starts at 10! Renfields after!
Alrighty, lol, I'll do it. You helped me get my project toasty bracelet, and I help you get followed by :p
It's about dinner time, but idk if I should workout first or not...hm
Company wide Pitch-In today...the aroma of chili wafting through the office is already making me hungry! M..... :)
or, the nipples.
Is thankful for coffee today.
rewatching myself and my boys on fuse tv :))))
That's what I went to. I said I was at a 2 but they guy said the tapers I had were some cheap in correctly labeled
that just sped up my throwing up for tonight
why does everything get boring /=
I am hanging out with my lady and tonight.
Hey well even better thanks swish
baahaahaa. Seriously, it took me a sec to realize this was a joke. I was gasping at your "errors". <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
get that chicken!
Is there really anything better than your mom taking care of you? I don't think you can ever be too old for that.
Rumor mill says brightsolid is launching a big new US based website (not just UK anymore). Watch out, Ancestry...
i see you need some work done
Hoping can actually learn some rules...Let the season begin!!
thanks! :{) btw I'm one of Ethan's best friends
it's taking me longer to decide if i want another red bull than to finish this darn 10pg paper. sleep > homework < everything.
awesome! What a great start to the year. Congrats
Seriously, F the Rose Bowl.
is testing their on-air tweet system. This nonsense tweet could be put on the air!
The #trw11 theme is "Picture It @ your library." I might set up a drawing pad with markers for doodles.
The Eclipse box set Pearls of the Czech New Wave has made its way to Hibernator Gigs HQ. The air is sweet with political unrest.
Did some kind of sports thing just happen? One squadron besting another at goal-points game? I dunno.
Awesome panel. RT: Kristiekp: 3A's of getting your story in the press: be articulate, be accessible &be accurate.
nothing's there !/:
Its pouring down here in #Fayetteville!!!
Everyone on my timeline is talking about going to school & I've been on summer vacation for 3 weeks already, haha. Time for some sleep! :)
Follow my team.
With all the money Haiti got they should help out Chile.
Cops and Barbers.
#nowwatching O! "i feel like i can close my eyes with you" is one of the sweetest movie lines ever.
Thanks for recent link-love to the blog. Hope you found it interesting/helpful!
This one girl erks my nerves ! -__-
"Its called a punching bag, what else would you like me to do with it." - my response to my wife's silly question about my hand.
Happy 50th Anniversary to #PlannedTVArts!!! Be sure to follow us!
i love school
Let us know if you're stopping near New York Av betw 9&10 sts. We're happy to cross-promote, & there's good street parking...
We begin recording tomorrow.. Be on the look out for new songs, re-animated songs and a new CD... Renfields GO!
Not me said the gotdamn flea.
Why do men call their book clubs "reading groups"?
Its going:)
lol its just me myself & i
hehe nope im talking about you :D
lol I got u
Hmm... I only recognize "Killing in the Name". It's a shame that won't have pro guitar.
If I can find out more I'll ping you.
#Midterms = finished. Thank you Jesus.
hello again. and I are looking for patio umbrellas for bars. We would like to print on them. ideas?
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
your such a gobdaw when you just stand there without making chinwag. am i right ?
thx for the follow. I'm diggin your tweets
thanks , now I am craving Apple Pie.
WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY....OH HERE IT IS LMFAOOO.
Be h0nest. 80% 0f the time y0u're 0nstage y0u're thinking "Golly-hot, ass-damn! These are *the* dumbest pr0blems I've ever heard!"
Play me some ol Alabama (;
Watching Antiques Roadshow El Paso & wishing had taken some of her junk to find out its worth a million bucks.
2 weeks without seeing my baby :(. I'm gonna miss him so much
I used to think it was "give me a lover and a place to stand and i'll move the world" but it's "lever" of course. but give me a lover.
Be the shiniest Diamond of all by contacting Diamond Dezign Ideas for all of your business needs! Let the Diamond Shine for You!
FIRE RICH RODRIGUEZ! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
Each person has an individual way of living, eating, exercising that works for 4 them. It's great to listen to what works for u.
gonna watch a movie, text me. :)
y i cant come thru in the pecan jag ???
We are game.
Game-ops win! RT : Jerry "The King" Lawler just dropped a piledriver on a Clippers fan during the timeout. That. Was. Awesome.
Lets go !
We couldn't agree more! 't : Nothing better than fresh New Mexico #Hatch green chile.
if that doesn't do it let me know I have a list
nah b...can't take our hearts, Cards are not even SUPPOSE to be in the final4!! >>>NO ONE<<< had us, so we Gucci win or lose
Hello Nadia, I love your positive energy! You are such an inspiration!:)
I made Vanessa breakfast instead of my mom. I said it was from Nolan lol.
fallow back lol. :)
What exactly is the problem with an adult supporting a specific player by wearing his jersey? Aren't we all fans?
I'm still trying to find out how this happens lol
Yeah maybe next year. I will be working Friday and Saturday so I cant go either.
POSITIVITY: We can tie it up next game, fresh start. We can do it. It's one bad game. We've played great so far& tonight: 5 goals!!!
Play me in scramble carnell k
I'm following U now & Sun I drank your sweet mimosas while your staff ran around in Whitney swag! Yummy brunch my new fave.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime:)))
And then heading to Sian's bday after
Correction Amy Sedaris ( how the F did that get spelled wrong) is afraid of librarians? Why Amy why?
i love my friends (and captain america)
"drop the world" wouldnt sell if it wasnt for Eminem .
is #Scandal not getting enough ratings?
Miss World 2011 candidates to visit Scotland...
RT : This Future album tho?!! Yep. <--- I'm all over it today... #Pluto (Biggup to my dude and )
: Great product. What is the price going to be next year?
take one for me
lucky ass we wanted to go but its too fuckin hot to be at an
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now? I don't get it.
Hope you'll join us for #BWEChat tonight at 9:00 EST. is going to come by to talk about Facebook for content creators
happy mother's day to you & your momma!
Maybe... Kim objects to them on a fashion basis.
they shouldn't be, Grant isn't worth paying! Any 5th to 7th rounder will do exactly what Grant is capable of!!
great seeing you pretty lady! hope all is well!
Sorting data saves time. Highlight all the data when you are sorting.
I hope everyone is well!<3 :D
It's so funny! I had no idea you could ship something when it didn't even exist.
Every moment I spend with you is a moment I treasure.. <U+2665>
taking down the Chinatown Scarf for a bit to redesign! it will be back soon :)
This cold weather sucks. My morning view of the shirtless dudes smoking on their porch is apparently shut down for the winter.
thank you for the RT! Love your dog photos :)
“: What do you think about #MeditationInSchool? #NextChapter” Essential practice! A strategy for well being and developing inquiry.
In Austin and no call or text! I am down here 4 days a week now!
hope the Sheik enjoys my avatar
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
alright then lol
Stop by 176 about a Tapestry piece!
Gorgeous day, patio is open, let's go Clippers!
Applying for a mentor at Merlin Mentors.
Sunny and 59 for opening day. #woo #hoo!
That other picture i sent. Ibdidnt want to offendvsnyone. Sorry guys, i know hes not like that.
#MM - Sink or Swim
Fantasy Baseball Heroes of the Week: Fan’s Take
Is it true that tonights Stevie Wonderful party w/ is sold out?
I hope is not asking 2 have a convo w/ on many occasions she said she wanted nothing 2 do w/her!
Thank you much for the #FBLT shout outs!
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
waking up this morning was worse than waking up at 1030 on a Saturday
Was about to say DC will burn tonight...but Hamrlik gives the locals some hope w/9 mins left
Big convergence btwn search, info literacy, graphics & design. Keeping tools easy. PPt 4 graphics, 8x14 Word/Pages 4 dsplay
My favorite movie is on!!!! Pirates of the Carribean On Stranger Tides!!!!!
can either of u skype ??
Loll FUN nightt last nifgt ;D
it was two hands, gagging sounds, the whole deal. I remember.
how were tmbg! I've been sick for a week, missed them...
how was the weekend?
“: All. Cards. Everything. #CardNation.”copycat
good idea.. YOU call ME! Best movie ever lol
#1brandclass I want to draw a rabbit for you! Lol
Looking for extra #savings. Use #promocode 231229 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until December 29th. Some restrictions
won my first match in a while. it was the most even, exciting, well-played match I've ever had with anyone. mad that we lost 3-2 in the end
Goodnight fellow farmers..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates..& pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!
Beer nerd question: is it possible to get Fuller's London Pride pale on draft in the US? And if so, does any place in Seattle have it?
Just ran into Chevy king from Club Copa best late nite Newport run in a min, hope it pay off
We've added another feather in our cap. Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint is officially 11 Years old !
PickUpLine: You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me
SWEET SUNDAYS at EMPIRE IS NOW OPEN 4 a Day & Nite party! Say George's list 4 Discount : 2 rooms & outdoor patio 1716 N.Cahuenga Blvd
There's no 'tree falling in the woods' dilemma when it comes to the tip jar. If they didn't see you tip, you didn't tip.
“: Ken might be my soul mate, but Christian Louboutin is my sole mate!” Hahahahaha!!!
UGH I need to finish this mix.
World's Most Interesting Baby: "I don't always drink milk, but when I do, I prefer DOS BOOBIES.
oh fyi you'll get a good laugh cause I literally fall on almost every hill and one time I even almost got hit by a car. (':
so much fun! And I've only fallen down twice! :)
but you probably look 100% man
More twitter spam than usual.
you are already doing so many of Hesse things. And HHJ showed one of your FB pages!!! Rock On!
If tweets us and tells people to follow us (Kingdoms Clothing) i'll buy her album!
not really, in way cuter than my car ;)
if you go to the bar it will cost you more then $30
Just registered my spot for the fest. Can't wait to shower Portland with my Plastique Pop zine goodness!
Time for a bathroom makeover? Maybe just different tile? Small repairs to complete investment/rental rehabs, we got you covered.
got you next time you come hang out!
Thank you boo!<U+2764> RT : happy mothers day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
Still.. writing Christmas Cards Out!
Hell yeah!!!Steelers and Heat is I roll.
Check In at Sugar Shack BBQ on Facebook/FourSquare/Twitter and post of picture of Trailer and receive FREE CHIPS AND A DRINK!
sitting on the couch doing nothing is fun
RT : Hear, hear! RT : 4 flights of chocolate while we drive to the farm. This is the 2nd best way to travel
Join us 4 Easter Brunch 11am-3pm/ Dinner 4:30pm-10pm Children under 10 eat 4 free w/a purchase of an entrée. Make your reservations today!
Glad to be a part of anything that brightens your day... FYI, I never learned to Irish Dance myself (disgrace)...
You are honestly my INSPIRATION! thank you!
Would love for you to show up @ our Every Thurs. Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...9-1 / $3 Miss Z Vodka-Tinis...All Female artists
Very Bored . & He Boring Me More...
Its National Chemistry Week...That's too bad.
We are going to try to get an interview with cody! So send in your questions for us to ask him before 5PM New York time!
Thanks for checking us out, glad to be following you!
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
Ol long neck ass hoe.
read DORA last night! awesome. Can't wait to handsell it. hooray for Lidia!
teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?
love the secret garden!! congrats!
What a day
My phone, internet ...everything is trippin out.
our work is NEVER over at all. Just have to keep killing it.
Learn how to manage your money and assets now, so you can help yourself and others later. Get a will!
What are you doing Friday? Text FFM to 25827 for free admission to a GREAT night of live music! DJ James Blake providing the beats.
You caught me off guard, and now I'm running and screaming.
*british accent* BUT DADDDIIIII. I WANT A RAZOR
Thanks for the tip, Lynne!
yeah.... I read that in the brain quest cards or something like that.
Can U Help Me Get More Followers
Those guys have a rough job, don't they? Their workplace is a nightmare!
Aww you're so lucky! Have fun :))
#confession once I fall for a boy... It's so hard for me to get back on my feet and move on.
Work the PLAN divinely designed for you.
5 second hug
Why no questions about religious freedom, separation of church and state and keeping religion out of government?
Have you heard our CD benefit for ? BradPaisley JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood SherylCrow Great local project!
R.I.P. DONNA SUMMER :'(
Chicago has more hot dog stands than McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's combined. The world still makes sense.
When a heart is true, there’s no need for words because even in a silence, love can be heard.
agreed! RT Happy Birthday to & : two amazing people who bring great energy & awesomeness...
i will forever be
hahahah my relationship with my sister EXACTLY!
And with one tweet, already has more than 100,000 followers! How fast will it become 1,000,000?
everytime I fill in on show I have a new found respect for Russ and Brenda making this shift look so effortless! I'm pooped!!
When Prof says a paper should be NO MORE THAN 6 PAGES, she means make it as short as possible, right? Cause she's sick of reading our stuff?
What exactly is the point of a roundabout anyway?! No one ever freaking yields! Ughh
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInteriors /style-and-design !
nice work, it was a good time.
Haha, yea, I like to think so to, I would love get a kiss from you and taste those lips of yours!! M sweeter than honey
The barn smells like gopher poop.
I lost my physics book on my flashdrive
um, Chris is having make a mix?
And you think this is bad? o:
omg i like missed Twitter so much i was so bored never again will i get in trouble
First lady: No smoking or Facebook in White House. www.tncnews.com
My eyes are slowly closein u_u (y)
Second that! Yowch! RT : RT : Hey Farmer Vicki: only *some* of the padron peppers are supposed to be hot
It's true...And it's not about the economy. People weren't into his involvement in the Fluke thing.
I know, there was no denial statement, he just got shut up quick
if you don't make sense then don't talk shit
Nice. Figure out where you're staying?
with the amount of tequila on our menu, singing comes easy!
Naoumoff (sp.?) teaches piano at Indiana University. Anyone who gets the chance to study with him is very lucky. He must be life changing.
Regardless of us losin I'm of my nigga
I'm going to answer, too- Been on TW since 09. Gained TONS of industry contacts and even better... signed contracts
Imitate an actor: Dustin Hoffman as 'Tootsie'. Put right hands finger tips on your chest, look concerned, & say, "Oh my goodness!". Classic!
thank YOU For an awesome party. The space looks hot!
Americas Got Talent is BACK!
Playing Doobie Brothers this morning, thinking about doing a playlist for my class w ELO, Chicago and Doobies
Looks like the thunderstorm is about to drop. The trees & red barberrys we planted today will get a nice initial soaking. My Azealas too :)
The Blind Side.
“: Kanye taught me, not only is ham delicious, but you can go it!”
"Oh, shit!" - we are watching for it!
I've always disliked the word tolerance because it implies that not hating another person is an inconvenience to you lol
Thanks for the tweet darling!!
#thankful for :P
Hey Pepboys, Mike Grutter from store #0090 in Woodbridge is so helpful! Please let him know we said thanks again!!
Word! “: "Sometimes a label deal is kiss of death. Ur not failure if u dont get signed." #ASCAPEXPO - been saying that 4 years!”
ahh all these people have your shirts i'm jealous... looks like it's about time to get some money on a card
Looking for examples of ethnographies involving SF public schools. Suggestions?
WCK RECORD FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S PRODUCER GREEN
I also learned that rosewood is not from a rose bush.
oh haha I have a tattoo appointment at 1pm so I'll have to hit u after
Happy New Year - Here's to a successful and rewarding 365 days!
GUESS WHAT I JUST BOUGHT TICKETS TO SEE YOU JUNE 22ND #YEE <3
YOU KNOW YOU WANNA CLICK MY FOLLOW BUTTON<3
why do you have such poor customer service. High high high rates. Do something! Time to go completely to ???
Heading off to #nyc June 7-9 for a whirlwind tour with all my buddies in the Empire State.
me and my Sis want to be in it
it's the history, change is hard sometimes.
"There's a lot to be said for self-delusionment when it comes to matters of the heart." - Diane Frolov and Andrew Schneider
Trying to talk my boss into adopting 's crisis communication strategy: reassuring, polite, and includes a kitten. (We've got 2 of 3.)
Would be happy to look through dumbsearch.com and message back. Might be asking same in a couple weeks. :)
thank you! :)
One of the biggest problems in schools is that every single one I've gone to has A/C problems. It's fucking cold.
We're voting YES on #sagaftra!!
Back to me now BYE
the "girlfriend" Obama wrote about in "Dreams of My Father" was a composite of multiple women
Oh beautiful, sunny 80 degree weather with a nice light breeze, where are you? We want you NOW! Pretty please.
Ustreaming The 27th ! Make Sure You're There :)
#telemedicine to reduce absenteeism and make it easier for employees to seek care without leaving work or home. Thoughts?
I'm not the biggest fan of the Weird Mysteries,but the new look is definitely worth taking a glance at :-) u miss Sugar Sugar??
Congrats on Caps! And good to see you tonight.
He's being so rude.
good seeing you guys yesterday, can't wait to get started. Oh, and March 1st it's on... :)
I see the way andrya staring at Alfred
Don't judge a good day by the happiness you take from it. Judge it by the happiness you bring into it.
Most definitely.
Bella thorne is flawless !!
DC: The event at CLUB LOVE, NE, was great! The food was delicious, the woman were beautiful, the wine was fine! Thanks VINCE GRAY, MAYOR 2b!
Sean Payton should be an annalist for the 4 letter network. Why not, almost every ex couch is.
your lips on my lips...thats a merry merry christmas(:<3
[insert crude sexual joke]
Joe Ricketts is a something (Terry) but can't hold that againt Tom, Laura & Todd. : Eighth paragraph is key: "...and family
be sure to grab 's new EP #sonicetomeetyou on itunes NOW and help them get to #1!!!! AH do it!!punchlinetonumberone.com
valentine shopping saturday - i am going to the brighton store!
Allergy Season .
": shout out to niggas who chop and screw with virtual Dj I see ya doe .."
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
you better not do nun stupid best friend I swear !!! That's dumb if you fight u got to much to lose
IF YOU WANT YOUR MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP. GOGGLE HIM.
It will be good for the Cats RPI if the dirty birds win but GOD I can NEVER pull for it !!!!!!!
did he really? He was an asshole though when I seen him at the NBA all star game he was being a dick but still no reason to die
I just texted you! Haha .
stuff for work
At my grandmas:/
Your Town: Soledad finance director heads to Watsonville
I swear to ya, I'll be there for ya
you live in Canada, enough said
are you going out tonight?
LOL I'm such a nice person #imcuteright ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Wait...I never realized that he actually did say that. Sorry!
better a lizard than a gator
RT : Interesting way to make a point... just took her off shirt. #lavacon (Talking about starting anew.)
i have nothing to twerk on RT : twerk for 24 hrs straight RT what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
was thinking this AM that the White House response does not include terms "information" or "info literacy" - interesting.
America was never fascinated by iraq and most could have done without the war. We never had much interest.
thank you for your daily messages of motivation
the #saganaki didn't last that long
I need to get back in shape. I want to be able to run ten miles straight by July 15th.
I can't wait to be able to laugh about all of this...
I was walking to the place I volunteer at and my leg twisted while I was walking
Its going well...So very interesting and nice to be able to stick around after the show and work on stuff.
“: Nah.... No thanks! #wineathome RT : #Cancer, be brave today and leave the safety of home ;)”<-------
lol. i bet you do!
please follow she is you biggest fan!69
Making my way to Austin, TX for camp w
Using my abacus and slide-rule, I have determined paper loses to health IT systems.
i dont like you anymore....
"I never knew that chicken salad had mayo. It has my two favorite foods, chicken & mayo. Then I tried it, now it's my favorite."
Tickets are on SALE at all Mr.Bill's locations!!! Get it while it's hot!
so could I have all your American airlines flyer miles then?
time for bed Burgundy out, like an fat kid in dodgeball.
Congratulations NC!! We are one of 9 states to win the Race to the Top early learning competition! Share and spread the word.
or Sisters!
Drinkers rejoice! #threesheets on fine living network tonight 10pm. Welcome back Zane!
#SacCityCouncil #arena I hear it's expected to go quickly. Will be interesting see what the council is thinking.
Hey guys. We're still in the process of editing our tour video. Stay tuned! Enjoy your Christmas break! -Jake
Two days after deciding to release Peyton Manning, the Colts have just decided to release Peyton Manning's forehead too.
you're welcome! do they have any date for you to see them?
It's our block, so we're the neighbors & community doing the outreach and the rehab!
LMAO!! RT yes his heart is broken from being coached by m brown. He's getting Smush Parker flashbacks.
NBA basketball on ABC
Selling ticket!
you're so cool!
what's your favorite candy? #askAustin ;)
that's a tough matchup, your stuff is better than 16 seed
YUSSSS! I'VE MISSED MY GIRLS SO MUCH.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Pretty Little Liars Online
Go Mich! Go Big Blue! Slap Bet! Countdown begins!
RT If you are late for everything! Don't be late anymore, be on time and in style with slap watches!
Sea World! :D
I see you!
Damn. That Austin kid's got a motor!
Renunciation is an effect of selfless actions dedicated to a higher cause, like the welfare of the community.
If I saw a shirt online for 35$ I would be like oh shit that's cheep but if it was at the store I would be like oh shit thats expensive.
I am over myself. Just being clear about what I do and the value of it.
My girlfriend thinks im mean cause I hate being woken up.
ok - ran and swam today - good day
My mind is numb. I can't even read frivolous things. I get it body, I'll take a break. *pops in season 4 of #TheWire*
I don't . I don't even know her .
**Have a good safe trip**
Frances Bay, Adam Sandler's grandma in Happy Gilmore, has died. Bummer. She was 92.
Bought a young coconut at the Asian grocery for the first time ever. SO tasty. More coco.h20 and flesh, and less work, than I'd anticipated.
Done with the night. Experiment is over. I realize that alcohol does change the brain. Koolbeans. I hope everyone loves everyone, as I do ;)
torn ligament, Tommy johns likely
send me some shit you've done too...i'm out of the label projects for a min...working on the placement game
72 plates, 12 martini glasses, 12 ramekins, and 12 funky bowls. See. Not bad at all. Thanks! Safe travels.
Call in now! Listen to our great speaker and historian Brother Rashid 1-619 393 6453
Just Waiting >>>>
We would like our friends, fb fans & tweeters to remember to come in or drive thru and enjoy a free iced coffee. Promotion code: BOOST22
depends on situation
Cool! Got an #audition tomorrow :) going to the gym later on to perfect some skills!
yay Nancy! Welcome!
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
Flow so ugly, money so handsome .
So jealous! RT Sitting by my pool and getting a tan. Man I love san diego!!!
Just need 3 follows to bring the number up to 200. I promise to be worthy of them!
Bout to go to neighborhood watering holes
To all the ladies who says ALL men are the same........who told u to try them all?
Staff and Ambassadors pending the morning w/ coffee and breakfast
ck us out!!
Great party ! Luv the new digs truly stunning. Bravo!
We're curious - what's your usual lunch break plan? Eat out? Take a nap? Work out?
Im feeln you in Bmore. One of the hottest out.
Based on E-everything: PechaKucha-style presentations are indistinguishable fr. regular powerpoint presentations.
post pics :) have fun :)
As a Christian, sometimes dating gets difficult. But knowing God is in control and the other person is a gift is well worth it
For Mother's Day my husband bought me a new hammer. I LOVE it! :)
invest in holograms?!
the site only sends u back to twitter right? Its spam trust me, I clicked on the site and then it spamed my followers so don't click
awesome! Tired af but awesome
mmmmhmmmm and hows does all of that make you feel? Seriously I went Friday, seats in the fan deck. And just couldn't enjoy it
I'll spot you a nickel. Does your twitter interface have the new small object teleportation feature?
Let the games begin, at #seflin2011 "Bridges to Technology" conference
Don't miss it! RT : Save the Date for the 2012 Evansville Bowl for the Cure! June 14,15 & 16 at CJ's Willow Bowling Center.
Out of plain courtesy and respect, I never call anyone cause I wouldn't want to wake them up
So happy that my room will have an AC next year! Also living in the best dorm building on campus #Caryquad. Do you agree ?
Tom Barrett used to represent me in the 5th district. Locally, he was best known for being at the aisle to shake the POTUS hand at SOTU.
Need new followers Plz follow :) ill follow backk
YA I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY IM A DEVOTED ICONIAC I MAY NOT HAVE BEEN ON TWITTER SUPPORTING MY BABIES BUT I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON (c)
Heat Kills - At 85 degrees, your car with windows open will hit 102 degrees in 10 minutes, giving your pet hyperthermia. Plz don't leave...
The gift wrapped that game. WTF.
you like what?
#iwanttobe a rapper
You like it so far? I find it awkward that my work is pushing it on us, but yeah...it correlates 2R demographic. ;)
that's my connection at work. It IS nice, but unless you're downloading a giant file, I don't see a big difference from say 10Mbps
How deep ? "tell me" how deep "tell me" how deep is your love
Amid all the gushing over Leah Dunham...no questions about why all the "girls" are white and basically look the same?
How are you today, Missouri?
Everyone around me is fast and same is true for my son. Top seed in 50 at mens NCAAs is the son of the principal at his Pre-school.
can't wait to see your set tomorrow! Stop by our tent by the main stage tomorrow !!!
Makin an effort to eat mindfully.
Ok, ok... I'm sorry. The whole thing sounds messed up to me. Run away from whoever that dude is...
lmao singing that one wish ray j
Move that bus!!! No really let's go and I want to get to nova
worse than the one to Sarasota?!
I be that pretty motherf_____
YOU'RE no grammarian!“: Your no Jerry Seinfeld.”
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Preparing for a busy weekend behind the camera.
Natalie Wood....hm nice, thanks for that
I don't like giving ultimatums. It's just not in my nature.
"The aim of education is the reconstruction of a person." Elliot Eisner
There was a false rumor on the internet yesterday that facebook was going to start charging payments.
the love i have inside has died .
OWLS, OWLS, OWLS WOO HOO!
Our thoughts and prayers to the Lokomotiv Yaroslami team families that perished in Wednesday airplane crash.
I'm fairly certain I just watched Colonel Sanders walk out of a Chick Fil A and walk into a McDonalds.
I must say,that I love you so. Ooh La La I'm fallin' in love and it's better this time than ever before.
thank you for the invite
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 95
Good morning my loves!! Stay blessed!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
RT : FREE party w/ American techno champion Dustin Zahn on the decks!
#slightlyaddicted to dancing! :)
My drive up and down 71... always an adventure
red onion sandwich. You won't be sorry. Right around the corner from metronome. Penny cluse for brunch!
Beautiful Jewelry Worn By Red Carpet Royalty Stars!!!
Resident of Cedar Hills since 1996. I can assist you with home search and referral in Iowa. When does hubby start new gig?
YOU ALREADY CHECK OUT THE OFFICIAL VIDEOS HIT ME FOR ANYTHING
I LOVE YOU
I worked at the art gallery this evening. I really miss it.
Oops, #wrong :) #fridaylistens is The Convenient Marriage. #fridayreads is In the Garden of the Beasts by Erik Larson. Great page-turner.
Dance was kind of hard today!
only when you go up on wires but they feel weird
Rnd 2 of the #NIT is underway! #6 seed is playing #2 seed on Monday...who do you see winning this game?
Dude. Fuck this storm. #scared. I drove over two power lines.
I dont care what race youre if u can treat a lady with respect then u number 1 in my book knowing how to fuck is 2 lol
Brookside Fuji sucks...this is my last time to come here. (@ Fuji Japanese Cuisine & Sushi Bar)
I miss my sanity on days like this.
For you, sir, I'll even bring chord number 4.
I'm over here bashing my brain tryna find sum kicks for it smh
RT“ Last Day Of School Is 29th HURRY TF UP.”
Tryouts Monday :)
he took me to the movies monday night, he came to see me last night before he went home, and hes makin dinner tonight for me.
You might be confused. That is not what I am saying at all.
I'm listening to the world's slowest & most monotonous techno song. Either that or my smoke alarm needs new batteries.
we r holding a benefit on April 28 4 , would u b able 2 donate anything to raffle off? thanks!
Thanks for the support tweet! :)
Attn race fans! The pups will be getting some extra vacay time on Thursdays for a lil while! After tomorrow, Thurs. will be dark until 6/6!
Natural disasters in the US; human made disasters in Afghanistan, Syria & Africa; where does a benevolent merciful god fit into all of this?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IM ON TWITTER AND YOU'RE NOT XD HOW YOU DOIN FOOL
sorry i cant come to the phone but if you aint my new boo leave me the hell alone. lol new voicemail
yeah, you promised that last time. now, a nigga dont believe you.
"U can use your mind to change your brain to change your mind for the better." RickHanson on self-directed neuroplasticity
damn. Lol that's mean :/ maybe I should apologize?
- Nope. Only those who want to. :-)
I would hate to state the obvious right now, but its raining hella hard outside lol
El cielo a conspirado a mi favor
Oh LA, how I missed you
I wanna b in my twenties forever
“: Why am I doodling triangles right now” illuminati...?? Haha
A big woot for my love Teresa, ordained tonight at
Also nice to see that Baylor showed up with some shooters.
#RONonymous ? The momentum of this #r3volution grows. An idea who's time has come cannot be stopped by any army or any government.
And so it shall be, Jackson the Enigmatic. So it shall be. :)
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway
lol bout to put ma homegirl video on youtube!!! lol
Right, no Petersons this year. Looks like a nice boost in quantity though.
u watchin a neverending story again??
Check reduced rates or specials with airlines for 10+ traveling together. Book early and ask hotels re discounts. Use airport shuttles.
Not hearing Doc Emrick call a game sound just 'off'
In Denver. I work from home and Twitter. :)
U know u fat if u leave the house with tv dinners in ur hand like its a clutch purse.
Right NOW (5-6pm) we're having the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Challenge!! Please call and show support with a pledge: 888-621-6900
Thank you so much! I'm glad you enjoyed it! Xoxo
RT Chuck is on 1st tonight so please tune in and vote for him. 1 800 868 3402 is the number to vote for chuck.
Instead of fighting #Arizona, fed govt should enforce own #immigration law. #SupremeCourt should rule in favor of Az. RT
No problem RT S/O To For Always Helping Me Out.!!!!
Kudos and thanks to for his series on AUW at New Age. It's eliciting response, and, one hopes, reform.
When is gonna be inducted in the RNRHF? It's total bs she's not there yet!
Carvin jones rocks the house! Tonight 9pm. going to be good time for all
good to hear
just checked out your company - great stuff!
Holy shit. 3 in-stores successfully hit, shot, and filmed. Running, ONO, and Runnies. Expect a cut of this all together soon.
This guy Denzel Washington is cold
We are pleased to announce that Nabuko Hokari and Bob Sottani have joined as Sales Associates
Probably shouldn't have moved from beer to bourbon last night
We are, lol
Going to bed :) had a super awesome day!!!! London 2012 ppl!!!! ;)
Ariana is a Real G.Go Swagiana.You rap it.We have the next Nicki Minaj here for Nickloden.<3
Holiday shopping brings out the idiots in masses.
Urban Camper!
The Big Ticket
follow back bro!!
RT Wanna get outta GA for awhile...
Which room would the party fit best in?
what'd you think of the show? It was unfortunate that I had to leave early...
Killed it tonight bringing home 3 golds and a silver and to top it off guys got 1st as a team! #lovinglife #allwedoiswin XD
RT : TONIGHT! at HOOLIGAN's...
Big guest tomorrow on " In the Trenches"
Female gamers aren't that rare a breed. :)
My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-
Alhamdulillah our prelaunch is live! Visit us at www.majmoo.com - we are hiring business liaisons email at JZK
I hate it when I think of something really clever to tweet, and then by the time I get on the computer to tweet...My mind draws a blank...
So I woke up with sore eyes
Sounds dope !
Wonderful cause and much needed!
Thank you sir!
do you like red meat? sparks or peter lugers steak house
Jimmy Fallon wants to know about the time I had to poo and couldn't get to a bathroom in time...oops messy
Breaking Medical News: At least 1 meal each day should be trail mix.
Bring your Blazers 10/21 or WInterhawks 10/22 ticket stub to #frighttown (same night of the game) and receive $5 off regular admission!
agreed. but he was a comparatively moderate voice (compared to Dobson et al) and he pursued social issues evangelicals ignored.
I would've smacked him and told him to go outside. The bottom floor of the house in Paranormal Activity 2 almost matches the
Nothing makes my feel more relaxed than tanning
The afternoon is speeding right on by here at #Jobspring! Love spending the afternoon getting to know new candidates!
I love taking naps with my puppy c:
Does Greyson sleep in his boxers like all boys? I'll find out in approximately 7 years XD
let me take a deep breath WOO FUCKIN SAAA
Happy birthday to one of the most amazing brothers I've been blessed with:-) I love you alberto<3
You look so chic in your avatar. WTF lol
- Your going to make it someday. I hope the best for you & hope to meet you all in person one day(:
Ever wonder about the relationship between food and art in #KC. Join #anhkc Fri from 12-2pm for Food for Thought: The Art of What We Eat
That crappy #Marilyn statue cannot come down fast enough.
Waiting for dhe new teen wolf :)
Afternoon from the land of three rivers... Well five if you count the smaller ones, I think...
Hahaha! Good one! :)
Thx for the follow. Blessings in the name of Yahusha. Shalom
besides bill Clinton by lil b
Going 2 Dr. 2 have water drained off knee-- fun way 2 start week lol
I don't know...I'm just wanting some change for you, me and Kailynn.
Support your local after party. Please give a fuck. LOL
Ha! I'd give it time though, my first set of matches sucked but I eventually got some good ones.
So proud of my home girl for taking home the W! Official Queen v Queen qualifier!
Maybe it was more the coworkers than the song, but I don't like to speculate...
It's true. My pals over at rule. RT : New tweep chef Already a friend, since I read he...uses
Are you really proposing discriminatory hiring practices based on personality type? Because I may be shy but not meek.
I thought I saw an Etch-A-Sketch in Rick's hand when he said that.
#smallbusinesses can rest easy with us. we've got you covered.
The biggest compliment you can give your client is a referral.
Happy Mother's Day! Tonight's guest list for Sunday Circus is looking great so far; taking names until 7:30pm. Bring Mom! 916-295-0720
May have to move to Mexico. Anyone have any experience with this? Love to hear your story.
You are too mister!
Goin hard in the paint right now.
Thank U 2 Chefs Joachim Splichal
What does embodiment tell us about blackness?
Just dropped off some new footage at crib.. Can't wait to see what these guys stir up.
i har it when my friend fight... i never know where to be
i love luray caverns! are you going to the petting zoo??
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)
Hahaha you better not be(: I don't hate you!
Sounds like someone had a good birthday!
lol so true
Haha, I won't be there tomorrow, but if I was, I'd roll out the whole freezer for ya.
always seems to be a #TT people and their crazy obsessions. Trend something like
#fridayreads NONE SHALL LOOK BACK by Caroline Gordon and Waugh's A HANDFUL OF DUST.
if i had a vagina i'd queef on all you hoes!
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Two dollar tacos and tecates!
Erie Station Village is not the closest to #RIT, but its def. one of the nicest nearby. 1 BDs $905/mo, 2 BDs $1075/mo
has always tried to connect to people who are really moving solutions.
He was okay looking but his friend Shawn was hot.
I'm going to die the next time I fill up! :(
"Will wonders never cease?"- Houdini. For the sake of museums we hope they never do.
SInCity Roler girls at the QUEEN vic tonight its gonna be hot hot hot
In general, we block communications between vpn customers on the same server
yeah! then like the slags of the school get these small dresses that don't cover there ass! haah
probably gay now
so, you and tight?
I just heard 's blackout on the radio!! i stared singing and dancing :)
#timewarnercable suck with their costumer service. Been on hold for an hour to just order a PPV fight. It's not even on HD. Switching..!
Cougar Fans, just locked up 9 establishments with Cougar Specials for Cougs Night Out during Spokane Week, on website shortly
“: Everything should come in cookie dough flavor.” I couldn't agree more!!
Dan Duquette just now noticed the clause in his contract that stipulates he must stroke my son's ponytail with boar's hair brush daily.
After 43 years I hope a man says my bravery and beauty haunt him still. Swoon!
Just stop. I'm
Director John McDaniel of Forsyth: build a management team across all functions since you can't know everything
Gettin ready to leave arizona in 6 hrs to head home :((((
There are many paths to the Magic Bullet, but the view is always the same. RT i love a good infomercial
If you have an actor friend, they should meet with me in next 50 days. Actors have gotten 1,000's of agent, SAG cards, and some book series
Can't wait for saturday.
Oh ok thats cool too
u only love your wife
I'm using Pocket Universe!
"i dont want you I want money"
I second the need for this question to be answered!
Great pictures you have! True lovely children! God Bless!
alright now lol
right please fucking explain what is an #ff and I'm five followers of 100 :D x
Swimming in a sea of fabulous Fellowship applications. So. Excited. Thanks for getting the word out to every corner of ye olde Washington!
saw your tweet regarding dealers, do u think that of all of them or did u have a bad experience at one
2 blue demon dogs and fries. Delicious meat in tube form! Bmurph!
Happy Opening Weekend!
thanks for that!
so im guessing ur day didn't exactly go well either?
Haha of course he did, its a good thing you caught it, a little spit isn't bad compared to the lid blowing off.
No problem. Actually, Ben inadvertently reminded me that my anniversary is next week!
Who puts people on hold for 30+ minutes??! Wth. Dang, must be some long ass poop break.
Nah man, I'm still saving up money lmao. I wouldn't mind the dates though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Researching liability for internet #intermediaries and finding cases dating back to 1996. Why relatively little attention then?
Attending the event tomorrow night at 6:30pm? Be sure to tweet about it using
good luck to the #Pacers big chief..hope to see ya in 2nd round!
yea i know,what the heck!!!! Lol
La La love Cody :DD..Have you heard of yet?
Daaaaa Bears! They will bounce back today!
I wish i wasn't so sick. It's beautiful out today.
Mariano Rivera hurt his knee. That isn't good for the Yankees....
HAHA. My TL is cracking me up. You won't like him when he's angry!
"Your library should be as important in your community as the police and fire dept." via
Dont ask about me, ask me!!!
Stupid new #flagrant foul rules, what happened to letting people play basketball, do we really need to stop the games for all these reviews?
that's what we do well in my opinion. We aren't canned.
surprise me :)
If your boyfriend gives you a diamond ring tell your parents!!!
PARTY AT THE DROP.
Just returned from Nashville - wrote some great songs w/ Gary Nicholson. Update on new CD coming soon...
cool!!! a US/UK Collabo the track is Fire lets make it happen for real!
raptors,pistons,and timberwolves.should be a 3-0 road trip and a 5 game win streak.
woo hoo!! I don't think can handle the excitement.
To see if they heard or saw anything. I'll update when I get more info...
Welcome Terry Sullivan! U.Va.'s new president starts work today.
Happy Mother's Day to my momma and best friend. Love you more than anything.
Trapped by proposals, scheduling & prod. arrangements, all while dancing around in knickers 8 times a week! Sunday can't come soon enough!
Moved the TV out of the bedroom because the doc says it could be contributing to the insomnia. So... yeah, sleeping on the couch tonight.
DID U TAKE UR MAHOMIES PICTURES WITH U??
RT : RT : When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way.
Pianta: seeing their interactions with children on video helps #ece teachers improve their practice.
yup! It was really AMAZING for your first!!:)
Same here. Just ask the West Memphis Three.
just saw your newest DVD that came out. What an amazing piece. This is why you are my all time favorite. Much love man.
Droppin new song in a couple of days!!!
been taking the signs down each evening to avoid folks taking them by "mistake"
check your phone
Mornin Ashley! *smiling back at you*
Being sick is for the birds. This is gunna piss me off.
#SometimesIJustWant to walk and away for good and stay away!! I promise this time I am. GOODBYE!!!
what you're experiencing is the reason I'm a third-shifter now.
Not enough hours in the day.
Omg those are like my two favorite things!!!
Idk about all that she a boss tho but im just team bad girls club they all kinda phony....
Tonight is the Kids Choice Awards :D<3 !!!!
thank you! "Create content, don't just curate and cannibalize it." —Macala Wright
ha! Well I found Austin and trying things from this Texas angle, it's pretty great thus far...how's LA?
Hve a Blessed and Wonderful day!! :)
Hey which shorts are you seeing today?
i think this makes sense if you know what i'm sayin
My fortune cookie: romance is likely; strike up a conversation.
Living rooms are gathering spaces, furniture should promote conversation & interaction. Pull furniture away from walls & face each other
Congrats on 12 Rod!
#NamesForMyChildren Boy: Vincent Isaiah Girl: Alexis Rain
never under estimate your positive influence to society, continue your impact despite any obstacles
you need some booze
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm!
Just woke from a one hour nap...now am checking emails a bit
So psyched after going to my #writing group today! Feel like I can totally do this!
screw the casbah. im going to the troub
This bitch, is annoying.
Can't wait for - On Trial :: To Drop Friday!
its not the place!! Just like you said...I hate a majority of hardcore kids.
Hey, how's it going man? Was hoping to get that intro footage from you whenever you get a chance.
watching the vow
Trevor Freakin Hoffman!!! Awesome to finally see him in a Brewer uni
Countdown has begun for Game 1 watch party tonight ! Let's Go Thunder!!
Green lantern an joints yeee <3
JUST GOT MY 1D2013 TICKETS IN THE MAIL NO FREAKING WAY MY LIFE IS AMAZING
Story of my life RT : got her number but never saved it
I am glad you appreciate the detail and sense the journey in Wildfire. Russ told me to create an image that the viewer...
I love the new Mighty Mike exhibit music at the #newportaquarium! It reminds me of my fav show !
u have inspired me to follow my dreams.... I cannot thank you enough. :)
When I die, I want everyone to gather at a pub, drink whiskey, and play "The Body of An American" like they did on
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
Helping take photos for prom's slide show
Just in via : After #nafsa11 TweetUp bee swatting incident, sets #nafsa12 policy on who can & cannot hold TweetUp paddles now!
": #teamjacob" glad I'm not alone!
Checking out ski & stay packages for a delayed xmas gift. So anxious for snow -- and I've never said that before!
I love ur dress!!!! Where did u get it?!
yea a pint of him sounds like a 70's porno
Forensic Files .
Can i have a crazy assed fling w/ one ditzy bad ass spanish chick PLEASE lol
Ill-conceived summer treat of the day: pineapple sorbet and, well... gin.
I kinda want to do a collab video with someone.
381k to end day 2 of #wpt jacksonville. in the top 5 with around 50 left. 1500/3k blinds tomorrow. big day!
Liberals hate Christians but love muslims, which means that people would rather be executed than made to feel guilty for their sin.
I had a sweet treat today :) organic banana, with peanut butter, raw cacao nibs and raw agave. OMG it was good!!
Good idea! We want to do al of those things, too.
ur living afar from south florida, eh? how's life treating ya? ;)
are you cheering next year? Btw I lost your #
OMG! LOVE THE REVIEW!!!!
Storms+track meet=grumpy makala.
It's truly a shame that Bristol Palin is still not running a think tank. But her husband probably doesn't want her to work outside the home
i know but, there's like no one wanna be like that for me :/ i was btw :D i change my username. lol
what is contact info
why does your phone have to be inaccessible at the most inopportune times?
there definitely is a such thing as a prodigy. one of my faves back in the day. "i'ma fire starter...!"
#MyPastRelationships were a very good lesson.
Big Three, Big Time. #Celtics #AllAbout18 Shaq an inspiration! BEV! Big Emotional Victory.
Suzanna Burke is great Arthur Levine
Very soon Harriet Fulbright College will announce a collaborative agreement with one of Washington's prestigious universities.
OMG Dizzam! is hosting SNL right now. My night is made! That accent makes everything hot! #la noche sabado viva
i dont like shows like that!
so you're a fan of the hornets and the bobcats? Sounds awesome
Srsly how do I actually have friends.
Now we have exclusive FB/Twitter Sunday offers to help finish off the weekend! Just for our FB fans/Twitter followers!
my nail breaks #calmdown!!
Wanted-marketing manager who is passionate about online advertising and builds beautiful powerpoint presentations!
Palmer or Sanchez today? OAK inactives: Moore and Ford, DHB and Chaz are starting WRs.
Ben Brust never went to Iowa and got to leave the program because the coach that recruited and signed him got fired
Looking forward to seeing #TheConvert tonight 's Kirk Douglas with I hear good things!
my third period teacher and sgt. Burns <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
and I drive drunk and high so much. #YOLO till you die...
thanks, have great weekend
omg we could double date (;
I am liking this Pandora app for the BlackBerry. Any other cool "free" BlackBerry apps anyone would like to suggest?
Should be focused on other things. Like listening to this professor <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Beautiful day today! Get outside, Columbus!
at the altar? ok.
Turned your back on tomorrow,forget yesterday. Gave you my love to borrow and you just gave it away~(payphone marron 5)
Tis the good reader that makes the good book.
If I unfollow someone do they still exist?
Not yet, but it's on my list! Let me know if u have any other recommendations
Hey, I 've got some new tricks for you in PowerPoint. Sorcerer level stuff. Do you Dropbox?
what's on your mind??
Heavy ammunition for you fuck boys !
ugh my head
Some Boba right now :)
Operator: 9-1-1 please hold. Me: Ok. Wait, stop stabbing me for a sec. Murderer: K.
Back to the studio got some heat lined up for the summer
Plan To Make Success Apart Of Your Journey But Execute Until You Succeed...
Thank you for the RT! Will we see you there in just a few short weeks?
Dallas learned folks think arts belong to other people, are only in certain places and aren't for me
#NP Rihanna ft jay z- Talk that talk!
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. – "Helen Keller"
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 53
that's great! Thanks do much
If u have to think that much, God don't need to talk -
Full house at #portlandstate scooter parking this morning. Was lucky to get the last open spot.
Thanks for the rt ! Although I feel like Scott should really take credit for that.
If your not building your own dream, someone else will hire you to build theirs for them <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I would like Filet, Shrimp & ribs for dinner, my mom is making me MAKE lasagna.
To all my friends and family STILL living in Chicago...did I mention it was almost 70 and sunny in Vegas today!
Saw some nautili today (if that is the plural for nautilius)
My girls may think they've aged out of red construction paper & paper doilies, but I'm itching to buy a fresh glue stick and get started.
hey Kim!
total agreement that process is inefficient and proposal sounds actually feasible. Now what about grant review?
The eagles finally won thank you!!!!! It wasnt looking good for vick, but he gonna bounce back!!!!!
10-grid position penalties for unapproved engine changes in 3 weeks following São Paulo Indy 300 on 4/29 will not be served for Indy 500.
You two are still the same people, why are you expecting a different outcome ?
i bit my sister, she took my carrot i literally body slamed her 2 the ground and bit her arm but its ok... I got my carrot
the stereotype will die when some women stop exhibiting some of these traits. I love my women, have 2 beautiful daughters & wife
I can sympathize. Red Rod Cocktail?
if you ever get caught sleeping at work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen'"
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED!
Sorry, but gotta shamelessly tweet the Costco love: Ordered a vacuum online on Tuesday that just arrived via FREE Saturday delivery.
It is alive! Visit the new , courtesy of , , and .
I just give them a sympathetic look, Bartleby them, and hope that granny with a suitcase isn't trying to blow up Penn.
Just read 4Chapters of CRASH INTO YOU by -totally impressed! Going2 pick up kids @ school, then back2 reading.May cancel dinner.
Find the Best Education Material at &#39;The 26th Seoul International EDU-Care Fair for Children&#39;
yes we will do them for the four brands! you guys rock!
gonna check it out next week
It is so funny to see Craig's List posts where you have to tilt your head to look at the photo.
id rathe go to hell
What does SLTH mean?
Ugh mother pecker! So this is how my finches feel after binging on birdseeds.
you are creative
That's how I feel about dairy products.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue
Last time the colts won, oprah said no to chicken
RT : We will announce a very "hot" author later today...
hopefully you'll feel better :)
I'm not married. It's just easier than saying "my baby's father's mother."
Another quality session at the lab w/ &
Getting r new loft inorder
good did u do hw
Finna Hit The Hay Sack ! In a Liddo Bit , Very Tiredd . : )
Forecast: Rain with a chance of other news.
Congrats! Also, looks like there's no direct Chinese translation for "DJ."
This time next week some of our tutors are going to get a surprise visit from... (Hey- I said its a surprise!)
/wishes he was in the Diablo 3 beta like all the other jerks.
I myself have more of the tarnish of the class clown.
swimwear in america is not made for people with asses
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen." Leonardo da Vinci HAPPY B-DAY LEO
Today got to get on my own grind :p :)))) right meow!
To Slightly Injure a Mockingbird
I keep getting spam tweets and dm's from you!
“Those that don't got it, can't show it. Those that got it, can't hide it. ” ~ Zora Neale Hurston
I just finished watching...I'm bawling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Basically an in depth report on how forensic science is often wrong and people spend their lives in jail for no reason.
and none for Mercedes Jones bye
What if
Good morning DC!
RT : Orlando FL what's up!
but turn our looking like a fool trying too protect they pride
Thanks for all the recent new followers! You guys are the best :)
Wow. I was #950 in Middleton at 3pm ... Of 11k. Low there ... So far.
Note bene: if you want me to use your software at school, don't make the login protocol Facebook. It's blocked. Thanks!
": Is the light that you've chosen free from regret" You talking about weed?
fyi, a side project I did while building TropicMint... my Weather Genie iPad app is #1 overall in France today... cheers
I hate how everyones being mean to me in henzes
I'm a web designer with close to 10 years experience. Any additional info would be great.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. - Buddha
In downtown Manhattan? Come try our homemade ny style #pizza. 1 slice for $1 at #cafe41! Can't beat this lunch deal.
But where is Jordin Sparks?
Watching CNN at the gym: Study finds people happiest at age 33. Don't feel like I've already peaked, but hope that is loving 33!
it will be though :3 in like.... 10months LOL
hey! follow back?
#thesadmoment when you need a hug, but you're all alone .
I don't remember the lyrics, really. Just stuff about leaving Cape Cod.
Thanks for the tip Steve! Kings X was the first band I really dug(!), learned it all on 4 strings though!
ugh! The muse invited her cousin Reality to screw up my plans! Just settling in for an attempt at an #amwriting goal of 1K.
Planning a community meeting on April 13th - hold the date - details to follow
Surprise coming soon! Keep your eyes peeled, everyone!!
I have 28 more pounds to loose. It will be Time's All Gone for every jog, all jog.
Volunteer work - (we have a very altrusitic team)
Agreed. This is only the beginning...
Do not scheme against people.
Wow , he really just pissed me off !
PEOPLE SAY AFTER 30 U SHOULD GIVE UP RAPPING DONTBELIVEDATBULLSHIT HELL WHEN CAME THE GAME HE WAS 31
Wow. There's nothing like playing T-ball in a T-storm with 15 crying five year olds.
open monday through friday 10am to 5pm and on saturday and sunday, 1pm to 5pm! and you know what-- it's FREE!
Ensure your business and personal sites are compatible with search engines and mobile devices! Save time and money. Mention Code FB2011!
Had a blast playing with the kids Caleb, Lilly, and Olivia. With my girl <U+E115>
thank you sir
I couldn't resist anymore. Tuned into now to fall into a coma-like sleep with sweet dreams :) Good night beautiful people
Thanks man...Gotta do 1 last baby arm tour LOL
RT: “: #students are an often overlooked & untapped resource of educational knowledge & expertise.” We totally agree!
I'm starting to see more ppl shifting towards the drugs I see and becoming accepting of it .. I like it
DC's unemployment rate compared to the rest of the country is only 5.9%
felt good to do weights..it hurt but it still felt good..body finna be on point by end of nxt month.
It wasn't like I thought it was gonna be. It was fun, my coworkers had me cracking tf up like dying forreal lmao.
lets trade a verse for 3 exclusive beats real rap
They may not make it passed Boston now.
you can break my heart in a seconds; but you can also make me forgive you in a second.</3
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY
Thank you! How have you been?
Survive now, win later.
but how exciting was it when he finally got out?!
I really pray that one of these days, this running thing will A) get easier and B) make me less famished. Or, that C) I'll get stronger.:-)
Feeling terrific about my efforts tonyt. Only hold up was having to wait on a bench but outside of that I gunned it! Green protein up next!
Thanks for following. Loving your quotes!
People tell me there are plenty of fish in the sea, well that's nice and all but I’m human, I don't date fish
Weird! I thought I did!
complete and utter bullshit.
lol I'm done
why is there a 'w' in answer?
Ziva has started excavating her hole along the fence under the sand cherries. Sign of
"The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook." ~William James (via )
they add liquid detergent to the beer
lemme get your email and ill send you an instrumental to rap on with us!
Tom Grieve is a Major League idiot!
If you missed out today...Westside open Sunday 11 - 4.
I told you to be patient. I told you to be fine. And I told you to be balanced. And I told you to be kind.
“: #BREAKING UPDATE: The man who barricaded himself inside on Post Street is believed to be a Rohnert Park murder suspect.”
thank YOU
Duffys daughters are hot. Wow!
I'm going to kill you all.
well ur a funny lady I'm not driving all the way to ric then to Boston #youmustbejoking haha if u were home I'd drive
T-Minus 3 days #Milwaukee !!!
dont get the whooping cough
I don't like to smoke bc I get a headache when I'm high but drinkings okay! It feels good during
Did you know?! "A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish" YOU'RE WELCOME!
When it rains, it pours.
awh thank you very much!!! Hopefully we'll see you again soon!
now please
I'm cooking the most awesome, incredible Ultimate Platinum Warrior Edition Chicken Soup 2.0
gonna miss you bro:(
Any mention of gospel I've made refers more to the abundance of spirituals & such in bluegrass & roots canon. (more)
Day 2 of no caffeine = many aspirin
Looking for tickets to We Came As Romans @ The Chain Reaction. Help a brotha' out!
Women in Los Angeles don't smile enough
if not, it will be soon! Happy Friday!
Happy Monday! Who watched the last night?
Listen to the Boy Band station!
": Boxing match = waste of time, MMA Fight= Worth every second. #MMAIsTheBest"
oh alright
“: Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen. ~ Albert Einstein” of prejudices AND judgments" BK
- you can add it to my whiteboard. Or should I pass it over to Marketing?
never chase vodka with beer...never ever
thanks, Joe - appreciate the feedback + great event
How can a contingent get a satellite center of the Foundation Center in Gwinnett County? It's the most populous county in GA.
I think I will just stop doing homework that doesn't help me. Don't get me wrong; some of it does. But most doesn't.
Thankful 4 laborers in the field. Gr8ful 4 leaders with vision. Amazed at my Lord who does forsake me, but rather shows me grace and mercy.
Last chance for some good Mexican food before the super bowl
Finally home <3
#Ravens - so proud of our team!Happy Monday all. November is in full swing. Call TODAY for Breakfast with Santa OR Snack/Story w/Santa tix!
yes this is true i,ve said it too
just bought their album and am listening to them before my LAST final!! Woo hoo :))
they lost me at "laff"
Thanks for the amazing #cupcakes you delivered to our office today!
Anyone else having problems with Tweetdeck crashing on the iPod touch?
#bucciovertimechallenge sequin and beagle
cool recruiters show up to also, I hear they can help ;-)
RT Pls pardon the dust on our website & blog. doing complete refresh of our brand 2 better represent our vision & new svcs
You can't keep running in and outta my life cuz my heart is yearning for ur love!
Crazy chick on the court.
They're my favorite
Walking by a campus tour, better tuck my shirt in.
Haha nice pic, thats what I like to see!
yes. I have mixed feelings about it.
Kobe drops 30+ on the #Heat. #Lakers are tryin to make that run. #Black Mambo is back.
Finally home! :D
Meh! :( i gotts to gets at least 20 followerz! Or im gonna have a spasm!
You deserve it!!
Wedding was great....it's so nice to see family! weather is perfect!! Don't want to leave. How's Alabama?
Wired World of Sports crew is looking forward to the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics ... we should have some live updates coming
Pinching myself, watching City and Colour soundcheck right now. You're in for a real treat tonight, Milwaukee.
WE ARE LIVE AT #RINGOFHONOR RIGHT NOW IN
I don't cry any more when I watch videos of the atrocities of the day but yours got me today Thk U hope my seeds helped you
That makes me so happy! RT saw your commercial on TV a few minutes ago :D
Scares the hell out of me, Brian. If these fascists solidify power, I foresee a serious counter movement arising...
Just made it to the parade and it's in full swing! Thousands are gathered on Market Street to catch a glimpse of the parade
Beautiful women are my weakness I doran women nt little girls in the head
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable costs! Try us today!
thank you everyone who has voted!!!
does anyone else not like the newest TweetDeck compared to v 0.38.1besides me? seems likes posts are happening much slower then w/older ver
Our archive is open to all! See our site at larc.tulane.edu. Some of us will probably be at SAA during the 2nd week of August.
Rising individuals pull power away from institutions, trend for next 20 years
I was in a staged reading of "St. Louie Blues" last night at Centenary Stage Company.
haha I think if he actually came to The Jack's that I work at, I might fangirl out. Ask for his autograph and all that chiz.
ah! Im excited for the didnt mean it music video! #WeWantDidntMeanItMusicVideo!!! :)
lol yeah, I have a dress & ticket.. Not going to tive that up. Awww, thanks Vanessa :')
God, I hope you're wrong.
Damn! RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
Depends on people's def. of clutch.
12 days until.....
thank you
Agile is a cargo cult. It worked for smart people, we must unthinkingly follow.
Welp, guess I'll make moves. Feels good to be off for once lol
It's official. is now part of the portfolio. Just in time to kick some butt at SXSW.
Good morning Miami! #happymonday everybody,we hope that you enjoyed your weekend as we did. Let's start with
Goodnight my Tweethearts.
Themes so far: babies & the apocalypse. Oh, and cars.
#NoOneCaresAboutYourBracket if you have any team other than UK winning it all
Darla, this time they tweeted point of view
There are rumors my husband is looking into starting running soon, to which I say Yay! I don't even like running, but I will w/him.
we trading spaces.
Sound good
Lets go broncos its
We were going to mcdonalds yesterday,to surprise the kids we were watching so Kimi said we were going to Narnia, and I was like To see Nick?
I'm in Bud Light hotel lobby. Get here fast
No problem! It's been a great help to me -- my desk and walls are no longer covered in Post It notes!
#GriffinTo10K everyone go follow her! :)
morning friend
Me please
"Years that pass fast and slowly through us."-- sigh
I was thinking pags or quatros or 17th street? I'll be back sun to
Request to Obama supporters: Please show me his plan to cut spending substantially. I say it does not exist.
I don't care if Congress owns stock. I just want them to do their freaking jobs.
OMG D: legit?
asking me to be her bridesmaid >>>>>>>> love that she will be my sister in law <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Sunny skies, white sand, and clear water! Join us for some reggae in the Pier Bar tonight with One Irie!
One of my kids just asked what I'll be doing in "Salty City, U-Talk"
love living in Florida(;
The Best Friday Night Party T's Place
Space heater on high and the power has flickered a lot. I think it's reflects my whimpy circuit breaker & not a bigger power issue. Right?
Yeah Thats what i thought
But I digress...
First time at the Y. Im digging it!
I don't know man. Art supply stores have stopped selling my favorite pencils. I'm gonna complain about that indefinitely :)
WEARABLE YOGURT.
Uh oh. That doesn't sound good.
Just uninstalled Google Drive on my PC after it brought my system to a crawl. Another AWESOME product from !
Ocho is on a roll tonight - but it wasn't that funny to shit yourself...
Is OFF Now
thank you so much for following i cant thank you all enough :)
Nothing like showing up to work and SURPRISE you're primary on-call this week.
How often do u hear white girls say "I so need a tan, I'm so pale" LOL
Finally back to the comfort of my own home... oh what a crazy, bizarre, and overall strange night. Looking forward to crawling into bed!
my hero. THANK YOU.
Bosh making 18' jumpers D Wade making contested step backs and LeBron putting people in the basket... How can you beat the Heat 4 times!?!?
may your baby arrive soon and with lack of drama. We are waiting with u
Trying to understand tweets!
Having dinner at Adolfo Garcia's new restaurant #Ancora on Freret! yay for pizza
Five years from now, Clippers-Grizzlies could be an awesome rivalry.
aw:) y'all started dating January 2nd too?
On our way to the Hospital, can't wait to meet my son!!!
i think the cubs fan in you is blurring your reality on this one
It's test month! Is anyone taking it? How are you feeling?
Hey You: What are you doing this Thursday night? Come hear The Gravel Spreaders at 4th St Tavern in San Rafael.
-- so, what's your big plan for the new year?
cmgeluk: #sla2010 the Collection Intelligence session on Mon was one of the best I attended...taking back a lot of good stuff
you should pull a swift and start writing songs about people, good and bad. But
did...Aaron tell you...ya know..
Kentucky missing free throws????? Why couldn't they have done that LAST weekend????
so....i finally saw the "boyfriend" music video from justin bieber...
you just have to have her grade in by the end of the grading period.
follow back naughty
Hart was very deep, and guarding the line. Following the scouting report, I'm sure, but it didn't work out.
that's awesome!! What do her lips look like in real life?
What a great St. Patrick's Day! Check out our Post St. Pat's Day event with WAAF & Shawn Thornton! Tuesday, March 20th...
Spanish music sounds sexier hahah<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
FDNY temporarily busted up Screen Slate's show tonight suspecting was a meth lab.
100 users...ring the bell!
Sexy octopus
Haha, I'd just run with it and have all the fun you can along the way LOL.
New shoes just arrived & they look fab! Claudia in cust. service dept was very helpful in sorting out my order. Thanks!!
Just throwing it out there. Where do I rate on your all-time asshole scale 1-10? Don't worry about offending me, assholes dont get offended.
I've seen figures that contradict the 52% # a lot depends upon question wording
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful mothers, grandmothers and great grandmothers put there!
bet you didn't get any shoes at nike town
Repair character faults....identify where you are weak ......self development...
that, my friend, is an issue.
I like DH jocularity, but don't think tech is an out. We all have mortality issues. Denial, swagger, humor, compassion.
Still 6-3 going into the top of the 5th
Encourages submissions without perfection. Universe of readers is small--most looking to see who's publishing. ;)
May the 4th be with you today!!
At tax time I want for a document/receipts scanner, or better yet, 100% electronic receipts/docs.
Oprah behind the scenes was clearly unhappy and had to float two other shows. You can watch it yourself on Oprah's network.
You're welcome. Good Luck.
yes or no??
If people don't add to your vision you must minus them from your mission...
Come on RJ. We wanted a vicious "28 Days Later" #zombie, not one Scooby and those meddling kids could catch.
1st thing dad bought when he moved us to US.. RT : RIP Encyclopedia Britannica. It was announced that after 244 years it will...
Favorite food Zebra pudding!
Love it!! They betta get ready.
watching this makes me anxious to start racing more 800s next season
Clear evidence of negative impacts of house sparrows on native species? What about benefits of house sparrows, other than their loveliness?
Looking forward the celebration & DJ set by 2nite at Rehab. Happy bday !
Just touched down in MIA! Had an amazing flight and sad to have left Europe, but all good things must come to an end.
I am having just a fabulous morning! Yay, Monday!
RT : The Checkers went 2-0-0 over the weekend to reclaim first in the Midwest.
You too. Yipee!
Student Pastors.... Make much of JESUS tonight! He alone matters and can change your students lives! 2 Cor 4:5 -
Be sure to come to TryOuts March 5th!!! It'll b 21 & up, dress code strictly enforced, BYOB, and one cover charge @ the door.
Broken hearts do mend. Pray, think, pray... then decide. Don't be quick about it a decision / try to take in too much advice.
Shake up the happiness Wake up the happiness Shake up the happiness It’s Christmas time
Nicely done!
#MUCat end of the day's summit. Pizza time!
its one of my favorites!
they left sleep mode last night
yea take that people. Victors im never going there again. After i saw a transgender dancing it up.
RT : McClellin standing out amongst D linemen in positional drills. Good balance, quick feet.
Comics AM | The Walking Dead continues bookstore domination - Comic Book Resources
how you doing today??
Follow-up on yesterday: campus computing e-mailed to admit their error in flagging my account for bandwidth abuse. Feeling vindicated.
if you wait, it shall come.
So there's this boy.....and he kinda gots my heart<3
Can't beleave I'm gonna be 24 in 6 days!?! Man I'm getting old...
what do you think about wearing non-prescription eyeglasses as an accessory after having LASIK?
SOMEONE TELL HER TO STOP~~~
thanks Jason
Just don't forget the sunscreen! RT : Yahoo Sunshine! Let's get outside Portland!
Going to be a fun Senior year :) -A
-Happy to--you are welcome!
Coleman Hawking~ If you dont make mistakes you arent really trying.
love the 'apps for bibliophiles...' class being offered by ! Would you mind if we stole the idea? Thanks!
thank you!!
wait, they added another date for chicago?
It's days like today I wish I worked outside.
Hey! That's mean to me!!
just let me know, I look forward to it :)
KFC mistakenly translated its "finger-lickin' good" tagline to "eat your fingers off" in Chinese.
this is true lol RT “: correction: karma is the biggest bitch ;)”
Scissors?! That's as anachronistic as filling out codesheets by hand, which I understand they also used to do in ancient times.
I just sent her another game request. Let's go! RT “: Is gonna forfeit this game? #wordfeud”
And plenty of rum to drink
Having fellow christian believers walk door to door to talk about jesus<<<< I ALREADY GO TO CHURCH
Well sure throw white pants on the water heater and lay them on dirty pipes and crap. #ruined Thanks.
JOEY VOTTO IS THE MAN
Another nice day that I'm gunna be stuck at work.
I thought running out of money was the worst feeling in the world ! I never thought running out of kush would feel worse !
Hm I wear 4in "It was discovered that wearing 2 inch heels improves the strength of the pelvic muscles, which in turn helps women orgasm."
*twirls like lil kim in the video* RT : This is my song for real no doubt...
We are putting together a 20,000 unit artist compilation for festivals this summer. email if you want in!
Hello from Houston, TX! I use twitter to connect & learn with my PLN. A most powerful tool!
I'm thinking your shows aren't 3 hours apiece...
There's plenty of fish in the sea, I just suck at fishing.
#3WordsForYou You are perfect.
You may change but memories with you won't.
Five more days of high school. FIVE. I CAN DO THIS.
Thank you, Stuart!
true statement
Don't talk just listen.
New holiday tradition, annual Reading of the Sedaris?
haha it's such a ridiculous show. Thanks for the FF! :) Hope you have a fun weekend lined up
team - nice job with the Kindle Fire Tablet. Great product at a great price. Well done!
rename it ChaLukA ?
Wrote the longest note ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
good point! The lemon-ginger sounds amazing too!
Bye. going to jelenasss
Listening to the #STEMConnector Town Hall Meeting, CEO Edie Fraser, "It's about public-private partnership!"
then we'll enemies, I guess. Sounds like you're really looking forward to my fist up your ass when we finally meet.
I hate college but love all the parties just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm looking for somebody ... #summerwhereyaat ??
Trust and respect, so hard to gain, so easy to lose.
Be on the lookout and follow He stays on that real talk. Also known for comin' down and holdin' up lmao. Seriously, get at him
Henry Kissinger speaking tomorrow @ Washington Hilton DC @ 1:15
in the back of my closet behind my shoes xD
I'll give it a shot. Been trying to keep packing on size, up to 285lbs at 6'4". Hardheaded & don't want to lose size.
Yes! Love it :)
Why is Marte allowed to play baseball?
Back at u! Lamb Meatballs "lunch" 10:30am - Nice! RT : you da the man! #stronger #everyday jay
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered: Maybe the Civil Rights Hoodie Folks could demand fewer civil rights for “Hoodies"
I would really love a holiday to Dubai at this moment in time
Life is about trying other things to see if they work- InSpotter mobile app
YOU MISSED THAT?!?!
Can't seem to go to sleep
Hotel wifi produces its own form of disintermediation.
damn you
Yep. It's snowing right now. Very lightly, but that is snow.
there is no way in hell I would eat or drink anything that she made
thanks so much for telling people to follow us (: thats SO nice ! THANKYOUU . (: followed both of you .
play date my ass!! Jaja got a laugh out..
you are my favorite guido I hope you bring back back growing up gotti
I agree with you on this one.
Today is National Walk at Lunch Day! Don't forget to rub Testudo's nose as you stroll McKeldin Mall. Get moving and enjoy the lovely day!
hey pulled over you in your Porsche, thats sad :(
I be trappin I be trappin I be workin I be twerkin I be movin I be juggin I be bustin down them birds
I wanted to feel glutenous without wrecking the diet, so I used the handicap stall...
if there was anyone you'd say was to blame, who would it be?
Yay! It's disgusting here tonight.
We can't wait for it to be here & then it's over so fast! :( Gonna have HORRIBLE PCD!!
but if there was an all knowing god it would surely have spoken limbo into existence first so that it could exist inside itself
It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted
Pretty good. What about you? Oh and I smoke cigarettes now, didn't see that one coming haha.
what is digital transformation guru?
WIN A Travel Mug
Thank you to the rest of AYS Supporters that aided in the RT's of our 3rd Ann. A Youthfield Day Picnic!!! Could not have done it w/o YOU.
No, but Louis CK does, and he's so much better!
Am I ever going to get a break from this constant downward spiral?
great day to be a brewers fan?
LOL That was too funny! Thanks for the follow and following back.
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether I can't trust u with my heart</3
#AndysSundayJazzJam Thx for coign out Here's to the Plays & Vocalists on who came out to share their talents. We appreciate you. Hope2cuAgn
Women: they are never satis-fuckin-fied...women...stop it
he said hi and let's do something in tokyo in autumn together!
so fun - cant wait for next weekend!
Auto Racing Capsules: Kurt Busch wins at Nationwide race at Richmond
I gawt time for a massage! RT : You massaged me over 100 times with no responds
Like what if they play WMYB at prom?! I hear they play it at a lot of proms. Omg I will dance like a freak idgaf.
Couple Plays for Saturday from Sports-Plus Navy -6.5 and South Fla -2.5
We still have more than an hour to kill before prom.
Neighborhood patrols increase after string of break-ins and burglaries in Fishers
Groovesect will be back at Tipitina's in two weeks (2/19) for Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball with the Hot 8 Brass Band, John Mooney, & more!
Good rule of thumb is when your profession is portrayed in popular culture it's best to stay away.
Today it gets better...
That awkward moment when you yell "Hey slut!" and 15 girls turn around.
What should I do? Tell him straight up I like him or what?
Good Morning Ppl
Did you know? October is National Seafood Month. We're celebrating today w a contest, questions & more. Follow #MortonsSeafood to join!
RT #MANNINGWATCH... Broncos sources say they haven't been told they are out of running for PM.
Hi Keith, like to discuss how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you engage with users & understand proprietary data. Follow 2 DM?
I am way to hype right now I swear.
I'm hostile when shit doesn't go my way .
true, either way #urr runs it.
On the auto train to Florida! Very cool experience with the kids!!
i wish i had things to do on spring break woooh hooo im sitting at home like i do everyday
Jessica Simpson reportedly paid $800K by People magazine for first baby pics.
Too much going on
how can we get onto your event schedule? We are a bi-monthly demo & #VC pitch event in #SF &
I missed out on seeing your film at the Wisconsin Film Festival. I heard that Point Cinema is showing it, can you confirm this?
u guys are really excited arent u? Lol love u all. <3
Options to cut: Sundays at Central (250K in overtime pay)
Got milk?
are you gonna come in next weekend for my birthday ? ):
You guys ready? I know is!
WHEN A GIRL WALKS IN WITHA ITTY BITTY WAIST AND A ROUND THING IN YO FACE
I wonder what mb is doing at this exact time! RT IF U WONDER 2
you'll be the prince , and I'll be the princess it's a love story baby just say yes (;
Up and tweeting before you! Springfield or bust for the Illinois state History Day finals! Honored and excited to be part of it.
Black Friday Sale Starts Today!!!! Use promo Code BlackFriday for 20% off all Products. Sale Ends Sat!
sweet - that is good news.
Hey Wheres the staff handing out the logo emblazoned umbrellas?
good! and yes, that Dr.Seuss quote is 100% correct!!
will post it soon. For now all I can say is its Greek food, not in greektown.
okay. i love you, twitter, but i gotta get some work done now. really, i'm going. honest. :(
We were meant to live :)) OKAY. I miss my playlist AGAIN. :)) Watched P.S. I love you. Super nice!
OMM!! your in Miami! Omg I really wish that I can meet you!!! Ohmygod!! I love you! Are u Heading the beach today ? ;)
yeah no problem I appreciate your follow too bro
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place
Tis the season to be writing offers. Ending 2011 with a bang!
can't stop humming Paranoid.
and paying for gas > paying for rent
I'm so sorry to hear about Mary :( I didn't know her, but she will be forever missed </3
interesting #dthr show today w/ guest thanks
Water is my favorite beverage
Asian chick rapping to
Morbidly obese people are always the first ones to give you health advice! Stfu.
Thanks for the follow Bun Lai (MiyasSushi)! :)
nice! I want to visit!
Why is "The Buckle" full of over-cooked douche-wear?
Thanks Cuzo! RT I got it in the house I will send it to you
Did you know Orcas prey on other whales? Some stunning video of them attacking a Gray Whale and her calf..
oh ok il do that! :) thanks for explaining.. iv never understood what that was even after 2 years on twitter!
haha I shall find out soon enough! There is a lot of freelancing. And lots of colleges.
Listening to my parents talk, reminds me of how I don't want my relationships to be.
Ha!!! I'm def reading the book(s?) after.
Anybody at Venetian got an iPhone charger I can use during dinner?
quinoa is all the rage now
is Manny Pacquiao and Is Bob Arum.. they tryna stay away from !!! SMDH
I need a new apartment checkin name for my new place on cap hill. Suggestions twitterverse?
thanks Paul I appreciate that bro! How are you doing man?
No question mark! Yes, it was fun-- thanks for the invite! :)
if love was easy it wouldn't be as valuable. Ppl want what they can't have and value what they have to earn.
How can we help you? Do you need your social media managed? Laptop screen fixed? Computer running slow? Antivirus needed? 775-636-8378 ^jl
RT I'm hosting tomorrow at Knitting Factory with Wyatt Cenac, , Alex Koll, and Charlotte Macdonald.
Full week for us! India House Show on 2/16, IWU chapels & Friday Night Live on 2/17, services at Eastside Church Of God on 2/19.
Now following
You're not invisible to me (: Disciple.
YOO dont get to thoughed tonight remember we got a shoot tomorrow haha
Just picked up the special edition of Space Jam on DVD at for $2. Day made!
Conway st east blocked between 395 and convention center for accident
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS AND I HEAR YOU TALKIN BUT YOU AINT SHOWIN ME SHIT
You could be right! My other concern is that this is the result of years of bad stationary habits...
well we can still know our selves here on twitter
nigga u should be doing something with your life hahaha
After three days of 4-hr intense yoga practices, I'm planning a recovery meal for this evening. Any suggestions?
Yyyouuuuurrrrrmmmmm being up early stinks! Unless you're writing music... :)
I have been sitting at mcdonalds for 20min. waiting for food! i thought it was supposed to be a FAST food restraunt!haha.
LA time! Fitness that is! Wats your fav workout routine?
Loved Nirvana
Since almost walking out & spilling lunch, been asked if I'm French or a cowboy, read for checking out a hot customer, talked art & Divine.
if u say so
The 12:30 Hot class today is free for all of the mamas! Happy Mother's Day!
but wait! there's more!
We love our Honda Fit. Small outside to park, biggish inside to pack. High mpg. <20k new. Honda reliability.
Reminder 2012 Fringe applications are due 5pm this Monday the 26th. Either email or submit hard copy to Theater office.
Here is a fun article with examples of some of the most creative/unique job advertisements! Which one is your favorite?
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 108
miss you too!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 14
I'm the only one who checks Twitter, and I won't be in until after midnight, but I'll check when I do get in, let you know.
Reno.rb is having their monthly meetup at the space tonight (a week earlier than usual) - if you're into Ruby or the web, be here tonight!
: social commerce moves from novelty to priority for retailers - key trend for 2011.
At the Biggest Loser Casting call for my station. Amazed at how many people are smoking here.
Barcelona game :)
I just heard "where have you been" on the radio and it made my day!
"You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing."
OK Done lol!!
At the vet w/ my dog. Vets are the nicest people.
RT My wife claims this is going to be my first full weekend at home since last September... That can't be true!
Wake up any kids, it’s time to find the afikoman!
I have all of this week then we go mon-wed and thursday is a half day :)
you honey! Ill help put it on, places you can't reach, ya know?
Went to bed at 10 Lastnight. Say what?
omg exactly. Nathan is adorable. I smiled like an idiot the night we skyped <3
Algebra End of Course tomorow #<U+E410>
well - I guess meatloaf is going into instant que.
ETS is good right now, elmwood village here we come <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
yes that's also true, but most hipsters don't have half of their boobs hanging out of their shirts.
Preconference workshops today at #thatcamptx went well, from what I'm hearing! Thanks, THATCampers and presenters, for your enthusiasm!
I know... you are so cool, you always need it warm.
the best thing to do is search acting coaches and classes in your state and inquire amongst the top coaches that come up.
Finally saw the #Goon trailer... Can't wait to see this flick
I tried going to the URL of the image and it was not found (404). Have you checked that it is on the server?
Sooner or later they'll realize what they're missing
If you're not first, you're last....
Time to get ready for #PROM. Shower first <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
please reply? I've even dying to get one from you ! I love youu !
I can't hear what people are saying on twitter... doh!!! well I'll just go back to reading... lol
Big Thanks for spinning
Check out our shirts and let us know what you think!
Awesome post. Revolution should be linked in #3. We have the right footwear along with an extensive knowledge on running form.
Off to the golf course>>>I love my life
Churchill Mortgage Finalist for “Best in Business” by Nashville Business Journal
Only in #TEXAS - just saw a guy riding his horse on Town Lake. In cowboy hat and everything.
Nice track!
This is just too good! #BretMckenzie! We want more #zachgalifianakis!
Or to put it another way - it's an effective way of controlling how people find you on the Internet
Working with my students at today! Must get coffee. STAT.
Happy Tuesday! Make it a great day!
Going to see The Avengers tonight. Who coming .?
Fantastic, thanks! It's been chilly here in Chi but still not too shabby for April! How's NY?!
Carb loading with and at
Good morning Natalie.
I will be sending a very stern tweet to the cruise line about this. Worst trip ever!
Oh! Do it again!
That's excellent! Good to hear. Hope the holiday season is treating y ou well.
RT : NOH8! RT : I think ppl should be allowed to marry pets & livestock & space aliens & even offspring - it's...
The disrespect continues. Tony Kornheiser gives Pacers 10% chance of 'contending' for NBA title stating inability to compete w Mia, Chi, Bos
thanks for plug. Glad you liked it.
I'm getting way to close with someone I shouldn't be.
Im to turnt up -
I rarely give an assignment without posting rubric on my website. Always surprised by the # that never look at it.
Dear Erin, whose boyfriend lives in the Haight - sorry for pretending to recognize you today. I think it was the running attire?
Mid 30's when you wake up w/increasing clouds throughout the morning. Rain chances will also be on the increase throughout the day. Hi 60.
~ We've LAUNCHED!
#nakedtweetfriday.. who will join me lol
Wow I didn't know Sage Francis collaborated with Bad religion on a song!! Very nice! :)
Can't wait to soon no longer live across from a construction zone where the workers start banging at 7 am on Saturdays
Check out Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow Pittsburgh's Next Big Thing
There we go
reporting the death of Donna Summer.
what is science objective of climbing Gale Mountain? Are there phyllosilicates up there? Thanks for your tweets!
GLOBE & MAIL: Tobacco Stocks Soar Despite Industry&#39;s Obstacles
Passed another dog walker with an adorable puppy. "Aw! How old is he?" came from my mouth rather than the other person's. Rosco's gettin old
who sings? i wanna record a song with someone!
LOL That's just too funny.
is the Maribor game on tv? Itv4 aren't showing it!
Blood and crip??? What????
I will be giving time management tips for success as well as giving 3 tips for musicians who want to take their playing to the next level
i hate where i live -- got to move.
I'm calling it now. #big12 adds #floridastate & #Louisville by December.
what are you doing anyway? themeing?
Q messed that up. Is it me or are these ESPN announcers way way too happy when we lose?
You say that now but you'll be in your car in 47 minutes lol RT Time for bed.
#CNN - Attorneys for George #Zimmerman said Tuesday they have lost contact with their client and will no longer represent him.
Loiter squad at 11<U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death
people that laugh when u fall down~never laugh when they fall down themselves
Hey! Do you still use this thing?
one of my teachers has a strong dislike of twitter... I argue with him about it sometimes...
Ima be late too school .-.
Good for you!! What goes around comes around!
not funny but i enjoy being lovingly annoying..you know you love it...right?
labeled as a bad player
which led to "time: the donuts of the heart"
haha I hate that. Then when you're done, they never come. You on american? Their FA are brats. I get scolded every flight.
#3wordsforyou I miss you.
don't cut it too close! Are you guys taking the train or bus?
Back at flames. Oh Gahd it's Tuesday it's my friends Bday n we bout to get our drink on.
we have a new special - stuffed chicken wings!
I know I miss you guys too, is it busy today?
600th tweet goes out to
Um and I didn't.get any lol
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
working on #bullying project in #albuquerque. on facebook 't just stand there
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try being a role model for ur kids!
RT THIS MOTHER FER “: I don't even know what i did to you but ok?”
I'm doing some research on options for social content aggregation, curation, and display. Would love to connect with you ASAP!
Following 1,001 people. Ah...life is good.
shifting wed meeting fine with me (of course depends when we shift to)--doing an Ableton Live demo 4pm wed
I sure hope so!
Yes, of course! love your Iceland photos too. I am going in May :D
Just got called a "Damn Hippy" by an old man at Walmart. Gotta love that Southern charm.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday. - Aaliyah
Awesome day shopping with the best friend , now time for some pizza :D
We're two of a kind - you & me. We're quick to say "fuck 'em".
cini mini! <3 i have yet to gain any funds for the Spain getaway :(
Thank you. “: Say it ain't so! Have thoroughly enjoyed and learned from the weekend business podcast. You will leave a void.”
By far the youngest person in this movie. Oh well!
thanks for the feedback :) we're still testing a few things out but that is a point we're def working on!
Uhh. So full of Olive Garden.
Sunday word trivia: What is the shortest complete sentence in the English language?
I wish you would remember that when you insult me, you're not telling me anything I haven't already told myself a hundred times.
haha omg yes I fricken know what you mean.
Finally off work
um no she didn't fight at WM28
I got the magic in me
VERY OMG.
POicked up my copy of Starhawk...however I doubt I will get the chance to play it today
So I think there's an interesting tension between the casual-user-friendly controller mechanics and the non-casual visual mechanics
Just listening now - thanks!
Watching My Favorite MTV
I love selena n respect her. :)
I'm almost done with this show.
oh, yay! I'd forgotten about Mad Men (husband is away, so my routine is way off). Also now craving BBQ nachos.
Back out to Rocky Butte-- will Police be able to positively ID the remains as Yashanee Vaughn? Will keep you posted.
Yes! Hes legit one of my favorite artist of all times!
since the name change, the webaim URL shortening links to easychirps/accessibletwitter has broken.
Spring break needs to come sooner. I want out of here for a good week.
Freaky Ree Ree just said she can't wait to get to work 2 check u! Just letting u know!
go do some arts and crafts
Thanks to our new followers this week:
We have a cravin' for perfect coffee.. ;) RT : have a cravin for bbq
sadly, our non-fiction is up a few stairs and toward the back of the room, so no one notices me.
Planning my birthday "party" with my mom! #yay! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Enjoy! For a class or a meeting?
Watching the CrossFit Games on ESPN and feel both inspired and weak as shit.
All these fairy tales are full of shit.
No. It's a smokescreen that will sicken and kill lots of workers while creating the illusion of progress.
Don't you think homemade Toll House cookies should be eaten while still warm?
hehe im not trying :P
Who down to join me for some problem solving at mansion tonight @
I have been waiting for approval for over a week. What's up with that?
Oxford-style debate on Someone just name-checked "the food desert."
Thanks for the mention!
Online dating is hit or miss. There are too many crazy people online, but then again there are crazy people everywhere.
Editing the audiobook like a champ, and soon is going to come by with something delicious to eat.
What is your favorite Pin Ball game?
Hawaii?! That's not too bad at all! :-) Enjoy!
Hee, yes - it's right up my alley. ;) Plus, cute Josh stories! Who wouldn't love?
Using the hashtag #sun seems like a uniquely Seattle thing to do.
I'm thinking about downloading some Muppet Babies episodes for the little one.
I get back on Saturday home slice!
reply to me in dm please
wulker plumbing out of hyde park... Belongs to my boyfriends family.
Crazy I woke up with him on my mind!
To excited for dance moms miami they look too fierce.
-sighs softly-
thank you - are you the blogger "meercat"? If so, where have I read yr stuff?
Craziest thing I've seen in this mad city is the lunch rush at any #salad counter. You had better know your 6 mix-ins and dressing or else!!
Whole u jest went in on sum body
Morning twitter friends :)
Share an update We met with Lee, CEO of the Dallas International Film Festival yesterday. GDAACC is looking forward to being part of it...
"In fiction, diagnosis is reductive" -- Egan
“: So this is what it's like to have a life on a Sunday. Revelation.” It's boring, isn't it!? Can't wait for August.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet someone that's not fucking fake and actually real with me.
love is just a chemical creation.
My son new to twitter and wants 1,000 followers. Can you help reach BBN? He loves UK basketball.
There is a time to be bold and quit worrying about the other guy. This is one of those times.
#Facebook fan-gating is working again (for Pages with Timeline using custom tabs)
Another early morning to watch the tour. I really love sports, there is nothing else on earth that gets me out of bed so early.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou is hot you know that right
Watching on NewFix "Bun's Beat". Just gave u a S/O as one of Houston's up and coming artists on the scene! #WORK!!
LOL! No share Cinnabon. There are cats in this apt. complex 1 of them fakes him out by sitting perfectly still. :-)
Have you seen the Avengers yet?
if you need someone to talk to, i'm here. please stay strong, you can do it! :)
This has been one crazy weird day....
Greatest surprise ever tonight on #walkingdead. If you've read the books, you know what I am talking about.
Up too early as usual.... lol Good Morning!
ass ass ass ass stop anyome got some chickens wings,p a nigga dehydrated!
How would you have handled the Cutler, Marshall, Hillis situations differently?
This coffee is GREAT iced too! Just a lil sweetener (I use Liquid Vanilla Stevia) and some Coconut/Almond Milk and I'm happy!
recommend me a good one :0
so can I get a foot long meatball sub Italian bread toasted bitch if it ain't toasted I swear
There were some great deals on this morning, 50% sunglasses, jewelry and more. Check them out on their website:)
Man's stretch towards the invisible God has elastically evolved bodymind to new height, for everconstant he will shape himself accordingly.
to many followers that will lay down to be on
Cranking out a PR plan It's been a while!
RT : A neutrino walks through a bar.
food pill tonight! leftover vegan kreem of brocoli soup mixed with leftover beans. not my finest work, but healthy for sure.
can u follow me
Hi its super heavyweight hakeem I'm tried of being fat starting now I'm doing 50 push up and 50 situps every hour follow me
2012 resolution - tweet more. FEAR.
I concur with you.
I can mate!!!
when is the draft?
where's it at and when?
We are at Colfax and Clarkson with for our annual food drive. Stop by with your donations and say hi!
Baby I.been.on this to long
thank you sweetz
please it would mean the world to me and my daughters :-)
uhm lol I dnt have the app. I installed it on keyboards :p
o yea I think I know her she barely came out right?
"Younglings taste delicious."
Regardless, I'd rather have a mediocre team than no team at all.
Florida really needs to change that "Stand your Ground" rule...cause it's nothing but just a bunch of B.S. smh
Just checking back. Did you ever get connected w/anyone from ASAP?
Playing the Texans twice in three weeks?? Wow.
no - in my eyes you are.
it was actually our close friend's son....seems we have to go every year.....thank you tho...
Jerry Rice Jr. Plays Football at UCLA UCLA has a bye this week allowing younger players to get some much needed practice time. Among those
UH real dirty lol
RT : If a conservative Fox anchor cut off mic of lib guest challenging network's favored memes, you know they Left would say...
When I come home to you, San Francisco, your golden sun will shine for me. #tony bennett
Fluency (both spoken and written) in French is required
the one of 5 years? :D
The Sunday Twilight Concert Series will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how you feeling this morning big guy?
Our new series "Who Do You Think You Are?" will show you how to recognize, talk about, and live your #identity! Come this Sunday. 9:30 & 11
fine then :P Tell Kohl I love him for me!
I hear you pham
We've added another show! We'll be performing @ Artifice August 22nd w/ Fish Circus and Candy Warpop in Las Vegas, NV.
I love #BeeswaxCandles:)
Can't wait to drop this new bootleg! It's gonna be all the electro!
better hurry! Gray pillows coming in now ;)
There is something in every one of us that waits and listens for the sound of the genuine in ourselves. -Howard Thurman
Some days end the right way...not sure what the right way is exactly, but the feeling is more important than the reality!
Im ashamed for both of you. ArtByDjBoy cc: this is a good Outing
Do we know when registration will be live? I can't wait to give you my money/fill out the grad forms for money. :)
Wow! The King Of Pop Dead at 50! What a loss of an incredibly talented American Icon! RIP Michael Jackson!
I would like to move, and start over.
#reasonsThatImSingle too many females act insecure.
thought that said "MOIST FRUSTRATION" for a sec.
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it. I taught her well. She's singing with me now. :)
just spared myself 250$ thank you i #loveyou…he's a life saver
"for all of you apathetics - you have no more excuses. The tools are now at all of our finger tips."
Marathon not the same without my niggas
thanks for following!!
Ruh roh! gonna have me bawlin again. It's alright Donald. You are surrounded by love now
Create your own #swag set your own #trend be a leader
It's Week 2 of ! Tonight's theme: #GenderBenders. Come sing with us at at 700pm tonight!
It's Friday! Join us today as we grill out on the street and serve fresh off the grill!!
the secret to great string beans? watch in the pickin...make sure they snap and are as small as possible...
Food has never been noisier and louder in our lives, but in some ways noise of it reduces our ability to hear its real music-
Save the Date!! January 26th - HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event @ Elmo, NYC.
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Tweeps! Can you help us get to 4,000 followers with an RT of one of our tweets? We'd be much obliged :)
Tonight in Kansas City! Salsa at Madrigall! 1627 Oak, KCMO. Lesson at 8:15 then stay for the best night of salsa in KC!
Yes- some defs more egregious than others.Good thing we have a handle on that
Docs coming up in 25 mins, be sure to tune in! He is coming back better than ever!
What a persons Says may mean something, but what a person Does means everything!!
Man i love basketball! cheering for the #Celtics tonight
Please do not laugh here. Egyptians arrested the owner of a 24 hour Belly Dancing TV station. Censorship
.NET is definitely not something I thought I'd be learning this year...
love the speakeasy!
Rex Hudler: "Bruce Chen isn't trying to win fans like Francoeur is. He's trying to win games." Um, what?
Such a beautiful day out! Actually excited for summer :)
Hope to see you as a Wildcat Stan!
Great game today. Our guys really have taken a step to becoming an "elite" program. We gotta keep moving forward not backwards.
You sure about that?
... & I volunteered at Women In Production last year; I can't believe it's already that time of year again...time flys
How about that rookie
#osumath #testing D
If you are looking for a new adventure www.roundtherock.com
you are insane lady! You look incredible! Possibly one of the top 5 best looks of the evening.
With a clay record like his, can't he stop moaning and whining. It's unseemly for a so-called leader
It was so nice to hear about the kids today... we are so happy to help with this great cause!!!
“ “ I'm not addicted to texting. I'm addicted to the person I'm texting <U+2665>””
Thinks he should start a twitter battle because of my last two tweets..
Place for my head - Linkin Park >>>
Chubby Hubby is my freakin faveee!!!! :D
He said on FB fool... "Facebook"
If you were mad today, tomorrow you going hate me.
Nurses are medical educators of many. And we are all thankful for that!
Thank you for following, if there is anything I can do to help you please let me know!
“: You don't come to new york! :(” we are from NYC! Always play new York!
there you go making my heart beat again
sorry the last post was for you he is good...I'm 7 weeks pregnant
What's wrong?
You NYers feel superior to us Windy Citizens. But I bet Rahm could take your Richie Rich mayor with one arm behind his back!
aww i love u know im just playing wit u
Islamophobe Robert Spencer's book says prophet Muhammad didnt exist. Press release says its "far from an anti-Islamic polemic"
No! I dont watch tv or anything haha
I know right! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Err I hate Tampa traffic ... Stopped completely on 275 s
WOO!! Finally, after 16 days my new internet is finally hooked up, following my move!! Holly balls I missed you so much internet
I just went from having 3 days off to having 1 day off. But I work at a bowling alley now so it's all good.
Congrats!! Na'im Lynn New Host Trippin on Tuesday at Comedy Store
Congratulations You've won 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theare. Sorry to those who didn't win!
AUSTIN IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR SONG (:
That's to prepare you for what's coming...
... give them to other Drs to fix instead. It's like a complicated game of Hot Potato.
yeah I'm sorta back. Blocked some folks.
#somebodytellmewhy Im attending my first WWE ppv this weekend , capitol punishment :) excited like sheet
If loving cream cheese frosting on an undercooked cinnamon roll is wrong then I don't want to be right. How are you?
what colors go best with a technology enabled learning pods?
You can start on that. We will be starting a class soon.
Oh, I wanna play that new game "Servers Down" everyone on my timeline right now is talking about.
BUT NOW I WANT TO KNOWW!
Top Egyptian Islamic cleric visits Jerusalem
;p <--- Eating Pussy face
House Ed Chair Massey says "We still have 26 witnesses left."
You're welcome! We hope you enjoyed it.
I thought the same thing!!!!(:
369 likes. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Is my immaturity showing?
Even if I don't marry Austin; I want a boy that is like him, he cares about girls feelings, and doesn't break there heart,he actually cares.
DON'T Leave Ur Password On The Computer NUMBER 1 RULE SIS ~
Giving a shout out to my family
mine is "fuck"
Good morning (:
i want to be a cowgirl
I like the way you worked that!
Why, thank you! We will do utmost to be a supportive and informed Board!
1.4 Million SDG&E customers without power. Isn't that all of them?
Chilly? Come warm yourself up with a hot cup of tea at our Porter Square location! They're only 1$ with the purchase of a yogurt :)
this crowd is horrible!! if your team is about to get swept on their home floor you should be LOUD cheering on your team!!
tell the whole world ive gone insane...
If you're trying to contact us for support, is down for a brief period. They should be up and running again in about 10 minutes.
so funny. I think I have the cast of dance moms on mine!
Meh, i really wish i was at the Avengers premiere tonight. Lucky people you~ At least im going to see the Raven tomorrow night.
With the Hunger Games, Mad Men premiere and the Shamless season finale all in the next few days, I'm on pop culture overload
Shower time then making moves
Stay tuned for our Miss America tshirt release coming this afternoon.
Morton's steakhouse tonight... Yee yee!
Where are you? Ya'll having blizzards? Damn! Gotta come to Cali
We'll lead as two kings! We'll fucking lead as two kings.
I KNOW JUSTIN BEIBER DIDN'T JUST FUCKIN PLAY ON MY PANDORA! But it was pretty catchy.
i keep asking everyone all these questions & their getting shitty af, but aye i gotta know
Looking forward to SXSW! Let me know if you'll be there too.
Honoring late bassist Joe Byrd, Keeter Betts' daughter just read 1964 letter from U.S. bossa nova legend Charlie Byrd! Live now on
Google Places won't go anywhere - but it will take your business everywhere!
lets have a girls night. wine and movies? :)
The jury has heard the last they will hear from any of the parties in the #DiMasi trial. On Monday, they'll get their instructions.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer29
That's how you can make your millions.
AOL took 9 years to reach 1m users, Facebook took 9 months, "Draw Something" took 9 days!
Charlotte NC one of the nicest cities I been to.
They should have kept the red, white & blue color scheme.
Mark Stone: "They say, I say" as a Model for Argumentation. Not sure I'll be able to agree with this thesis.
After posting that picture about , now I gotta have one.
Whoops! Pre-emptive posting. You now have a glimpse into my Wednesday though :-)
and YES you do owe me. Hit me up. Get my new # from KeKe. Ill be expecting a call by end of week or else
you coming tonight?
Regular season, yes. Playoffs start next week!!
Lord knows I love my granny she know I'm not a morning person and I don't like talking this early but she insists on holding a convvo
I have great car at a gtreat price. 2003 Toyota Corolla with only 23,445 miles. Extra Clean. Only $9700. Contact me today. It won't last.
Congrats to our pal Nick at on his awesome Shark Tank appearance last night!
Caught between the devil n the deep blue sea!
FAT BETTY IS A BITCH.
Thanks for stopping in today!
Reallllyyyyyy don't wanna be awake right now...ugh.
Just got my #UnderTheMistletoe it's awesome make sure to go get it on iTunes best album yet
": Mr.NiceGuy my ass." exactly, it's Mr. Nice Guy.
Nobody can ever take ur good memories away from u
If you are not your own cheerleader, it's very hard for others to view that you are wonderful. Confidence starts from within.
Great tip! MT : #DFF Adjust the controls before you roll - Don't fiddle with the radio, iPod or climate controls while driving
be strong ma, be strong
Had a wonderful brunch at Tabard Inn!! Enjoying our last day together with our daughters...:(
nice! K. I'll try n make it! Taking my lil girls team roller skating tonight :)
Step brothers into Superbad = my kind of Sunday
Thought takes man out of servitude into freedom.
Showed Kellys some love after a month ...man.. here with & Ashley husting drinks still lmao
I just want someone to come cuddle with me, watch movies and run their fingers through my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Kissing is like drinking salted water, you drink and your thirst increases.
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
banjos lile banjos. And apparently u do 2!
Make sure that your family is prepared for upcoming increase travels, be reassure with an Emergency Medical Record. See website for details.
Andrew, a very good analysis. Well done!
money make me cum .
thanks for the shoutout, Susan!
Trying out Echofon desktop today....let's see how it works.
Got a new track called ethereal highs! Cant wait to release it!
soo excited can't sit still waiting for friday and ogilvy so watching sons of anarchy then storyboard set up time!
Thanks for coming! RT : thanks, !! you guys are doing some pretty sweet things over there. *mind blown*
just sent you a private message off-twitter.
I lectured today and didn't even need my notes!
I have softball 2 night, but I'll see if I can fit it in.
It's supposed to be hard! If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard... is what makes it great! Tom Hanks - A League Of Their Own
#milwaukee what fun projects does everyone have ontheir plate forthis spring?
love you too :*
#nf S/O to a Beauty Queen on such a beautiful day.
today show? oh shiz balls forgot about that one. no the nova one, ill text you. TEXTS?! WHY TEXTS WHAT?
Wish you were with me.
I cant figure out how to send direct messages yet... so thank you back to all those who said TY for following... LOL
can't wait to have you in, Felicia! Let us know next time you will be in Chicago :)
oh my! I must oblige the bean.
“: high-5, I'm so impressed with of it :)” +1! Related: shout out to !
In Serials Solutions federated search, getting BUSCAR, BORRAR and Citar in #Ebsco databases. What if no hablo expanol?
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 13 9:00a: Love gaming,...
newt to romney .....ZING!
ooh cool :p
That's probably because you are :) Hehehehehe :P
Sounds pretty!
Rainy Saturday afternoon. Enjoying a glass of wine. La Traviata plays, fresh baked bread cools. I believe I was Italian in a former life.
Almost to school I'll follow you when I get out ! :)
Pastel colored nail polish >
I had no luck at all. But there was cotton candy at #Bibliobash, so I'm not complaining. & it was a fab book nerd reunion.
Brian Klemke wrote: The NBA All-Star Game...What a joke!! No Defense and no Bucks!! No reason to watch.
#OneThingIWishFor world peace…but that might never happen <U+E403>
still SO happy & are following me <3
We thug all these hoes don't get your feelings involved
sore tum is no fun! I'm okay but my #Spondylitis is making it hard to sit down. It's called #PainInTheAss for nothing ;-)
The most unattractive thing in a guy is cockyness
killed it! I didn't have an intelligent question, what I should have said was: just keep talking!
“: I have been... love living.. lol :)” lol I don't blame you I'm stressin over skool but workin' out also :)
My room is still messed up and I know!
Mad props to ' Michael Berk who just referred to the local station as "the ocho," nicely done! GH 'Dodgeball' team anyone?
Going to the doctor
but my next jaunt to SE Asia, it is at the top of the list.
Someone give me a good #TT to go in on.......
Don’t miss your chance! Today is the last day for shipping in time for Valentine’s Day!
I'll be there & the G2G RT : #CIOSummit is coming up next week for SIM chapter leaders. Will you be attending? Give us a shout out!
RT : Fat free Greek yogurt + frozen berries + vanilla protein powder = delicious meal for getting lean
Yes. But I didn't train. I will be letting my corporation down with my subpar race time.
Can you sing a few lines for me too? Lol
You can get some sympathy from about this.
Again with this no bars -.-
i think im in love with the blues brothers now.
Watching the video of Junior Seau's mom - I gotta go wash the tears off my face ...
Will someone do something with the Borders on Broadway and Brand already? It's sad.
um NO!!! Lmbo! You said you were basically a doctor but you definitely had your phone in your hand.
I can't reach my mom I am walking home to log in
Right back attcha!! RT We are all excited to have you guys from join us in London! 85 days to go!
the rioters are for mary j blige
Nice. But it's a long vacation. Seen more Speedos than I can imagine.
you probably get this a lot but I love you!!!!! I really wanna see you at vidcon but I can't go :(
#heysonny may be the best hashtag I saw all day
On way to Lincoln Square tree lighting
Our Hosts today will be, Moses Munoz, Marisa Welles & Roque Castro.
that's good man!!
"I don't even bother saying no to you Toni. There's no point." -
NO QUESTIONS ASKED. THIS DUDE RIGHT HERE HAS DESERVED IT SINCE G5: CERTIFIED FLY!!!
Some old lady is asking my dentist a thousand pointless questions....lady, who cares, you'll be wearing dentures soon!
Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence? I think not!
Train fell off the bridge in east China has been buried under the bridge within 24hrs, without taking all the bodies out, why??????
Happy Birthday! I hope you're already home having a fun evening.
whats good today ?
I love it! You're the next Douglas Bubbletrousers!
foorreeaaaallsss,? no way
I have tinychat :)
as an avid supporter of #openness and #transparency, I can proudly claim that I hide nothing ;) except for dark chocolate
already installed :)
still trying to decide whether tonight's graduate seminar will be trick or treat.
Just one more cup I swear. Then out the door.
slay one for me
yeah . . . I haven't used hotmail since high school and don't have a live or msn email account. :-/
Check out our new site! Simple and straight to the point!
RT A big thank you to & for surprising with new bedding sets for all the kids.
See timeline for detailed hh of my absurd triple up.
Sitting at a bar with a guy who looks like Jeremy Renner's brother...
Where are you going?
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com #stopbullying ..wow....
are you going to the nets game the 17? I miss you too much Lil buddy<3
Tennis elbow is the devil
We never really interact with each other no more like last year. We use to be so cool. We should tho.
": Then you could get discovered and become a model like Chris" that's a bet
Do not say everything you think, but think everything you say... This time real, night. Love!
Hope u all had a fun wkend as well. If not, let's work on making the next one better. Life's too short to NOT live ur life in fun and peace
Come let me touch ya, come, come let me touch ya. ;*
Yeah fam I am working with Ease to get you some placements
Oh good grief. I the wrong person. Boo for phony twitter personas!
Season Come Already
Sort of. His high so far is 100 pitches. Definitely last inning. RT : Is he on a pitch count?
Finished our last day of in-service training for NATO yesterday. Now we wait & see what happens.
Damn he's So cute.
you and your video games
Gratitude time!!!
Have heard the same! Guess I should eat nothing between now and then in order to prepare!
At great lakes brewery <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Talk to me in person, not in text.
Now that's what I'm talking about!! Way to go, #Bruins! Take that Toronto!
Have fun with your child and prank Daddy. Try offering him a Snake in a Can or a Dribble Cup.
Tweet me you battle tag to friend up
I agree with Jimmy. I can see all the pieces, but not always perfect. I didn't LOVE "I don't want to miss a thing," but "My All" was good!!
Heading to Shooters to hang with various pilots and have a cocktail! Care to join me? See you at 6. Lets kick off the air show! CU there
efficiency is a gene-my dad and brother share a birthday. now my niece is strongly considering mine. not born, and already solving problems
thank you! what up?
I'm listening to "Think About It" by Donell Jones.
You sure did, cause I sure do! ;) I have 2, a daughter & a son.
And of course cell phones were an indirect result of the space program
1bar lyrics/rhymes: "I came to bring pain in the game" 4 sale ©2012
Thanks dude!
:P hipster day at rehearsal:P
Happy New Year Q. Heres to an amazing 2012
just get out of my life...gi pul an nako nimo..=P
laughing at my jack russell-- he just scared himself awake.
no way avs give Matt up
Oh hell. Nookie's bagging on for doing her part to take down the yard of ale. Bo Nook. Weak.
Today is a wonderful day!!!
Curling my hair at 9 at night cuz im bored.lol.
RT : FYI: We are open until 10pm tonight!!
Just seen the Avengers with my mom, nina, and lil cuz...beast ass movie :)
Relaxation rooms at the airport. They are coming soon. More info at 5 on
#Aftershocks jolts Chile -- Our thoughts and prayers are with you all!
If you need a dentist while visiting San Diego, please call us and we'll look into your toothache! Take care!
I do. :) What's he think, since he's a dad? Have you read it?
": awe sooowwy!" About nick today?
learning. He wouldn't even get back to you. Just act like you never even sent a msg. So they wont help us. So why help them?
" you look trashy"
This rain does not make being up this early easy
And you Tasha... Please, be okay...
Feeling some emotions at this very moment after a day of getting my ass kicked: panic and disappointment. No idea what I'm doing.
So glad! She sounds a lot like my almost 4yo. :)
I've played that game many times before. I love it but my wallet doesn't.
My dad thinks he's slick...
Death Cab For Cutie, Britney Spears Aren't The First To Sport Light-Up Fashion
I'm happy I get to call YOU my boyfriend(:
im serious november 23 is my bday
,why,i like your old one better hunneydo
Interviewing Sissy Spacek here in a few minutes. Starpower in the building...
Why is there a man walking through my neighborhood with a Parrot on his shoulder? #What?
Respectful fight by Haley, had wide open shot at Campells's face after he went down but didn't swing
taco bell <3333
no that's tool much. I'm be back n d boro by then
I need someone to go with me tomorrow... Getting the outline for my sleeve done.
What are the successes of the past century that allow us to live longer lives?
Stupid? Maybe, but she had never felt so alive. But she couldn't share that, not yet, so she replied "yeah."
ok so let's see..start putting a dollar for every bad word we will be #millionaires lol
#RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe any ad with 'Got ____?' ... how 'bout: Got Anything Original?
I think you will enjoy....you can also get his show in iTunes for free...I usually listen that way
. work will investigate and support requirement to type on smartphone and walk at same time. #hcil brownbag
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography...a natural segue way to "The Shallows- What the Internet is Doing to our Brains"
save the date: April 12. Los Angeles.
Where are and ?
New ridiculousness: Print an email. Walk over to my desk and set it down in front of me. Tell me to read it. Really!? (cc: )
they can cancel classes, but to mess with the temple of productivity makes it impossible to be a real person.
Flying back to Oregon tomorrow for a busy week and my first interview in over a year, speaking out! STAY TUNED!
Labor Day Weekend is here! The party is kickin' off tonight at The Fly...who's ready!?
jealous of you & .. Give him some "dap" for me
I'm sad to inform all you stylers ( harry styles fans) that harry is taken by a model named emma osley
Congratulations, Andrew :)
: Thanks for great convo!
no, i dont. but I will!
2nd period has started...
I'm not going to vegas tho. And when I was going I was going with Tray to see his mom but military happens
Birth control pills work on gorillas lol?
Mr. Kramer: I've been a fan since your role on Roseanne. You are an exceptional and versatile actor. Best wishes always.
im bout to move to the moon
Ordering Some House Slippers... They Look Comfy
Keep your readin' eyes and holes peeled: Brock is scratching out a retrospective on the world's strongest humans called "Muscle Memories"
Thanks Dawn!
IMMORTAL FLASH MOB REHEARSAL HAPPENING NOW AT HYPE STUDIOS IN TORRANCE 12-2pm
Can't sleep!
Hmm. Urgent voicemail from the bank. I called back, and they said, "Oh, you could have just disregarded that voicemail!" *facepalm*
I'm drunk in Utah. What's good? Ever been drunk in Utah? It's strange here
Happiness is getting a haircut that is a little to short that has now grown in just right.
call me maybe.
The Only Way I Fail is If I Give Up..
Growing old is a must, Growing up is optional I C!!
Maybe SIX things we learned on this Ravens Christmas Eve??
Chillin at this point ...
I hate how I was just getting over you && bam!! There u go making me fall for u again -____-
If I am ever certified as insane, I'm going to blame Andrew's current obsession with "the animaniacs"
Currently watching WVU USF game on MASN. The USF tubas are always audible and characteristically goofy.
Thanks bro! RT : I got a shoulder for u sis RT : Feel like I need to cry.
By the way, Will's improv 401 class who I just watched at , pretty funny, you funny people.
Justin biebers concerts this weekend in Texas were off the chain
RIP, drowned phone. Welcome, brand new phone!
Blessings for my 1st pick the past 2 seasons on signing an extension. Really one of the most exciting players in the league
Black Pride was essential in our fight for social equality. However, our economic equivalent will come only through, repeated Black Support!
How beautiful is today?
LoL my old crush wants to be friends with me on Facebook:)
sounds good just keep me posted ;) can go to star or somewhere up here.
It was a tough weekend with the Seahawks loss in the playoffs. I am slowly recovering. . .
My computer is acting up idk why
I cannot get over how gorgeous it is outside! I need to be sipping some beverages outside <U+E044><U+E04A><U+E00E>
Woot we love when you come by!! Cheers RT : coming your way with for Happy Happy Hr!
#Work is a beauty of life.
Looking 4 partner 2 be on-the-ground organizer of Taste and Tweets. Want to partner? www.TasteTweet.com/MarketDirector.htm Plz RT
is writing crazy writing like crazy.
haha what a friendly fish
I was playing on you typing 'mist' instead of 'must', but yeah I thought it was a great interview. Always liked Oden.
did not I told him we was clowning lol my bad yo
NaLee2010.com check it out ebooks are only $.99
someone come and watch Adventure Time with meh
I love you too bestfriend(:
your brain was working, it was just 99% text twist 1% everything else
Hit dat bitch with the gud ol
Our show is tomorrow night on Citywide Blackout from 6-8p unregularradio.com. Feat:Boston and Bosco. Let's talk about all things rock!!!
CHARGING!!!! And a 3pg dagger before that. Oh my
You right abt that, im sorry :[
"WE HAVE NO SENSE FOR EMPTY TIME"
don't worry Nate he is just a loser
the only reason you're living here is because me & my dad decided your mom was really hot & that we should both bang her.
If I had really killed myself after that last tweet, you would be sad but also impressed at how hilarious of a suicide note that was
Hey I didn't know you worked for yourself. That's pretty cool. That's what I want to do.
REALLY need to get out and do stuff - but I need a BOAT to get to my car!!! UNBELIEVABLE DOWNPOUR HERE IN THE VALLEY!!!
d'oh! I never responded to your SMS. My bad :(
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
ah nice! uk knows what's up.
Guess where I ate dinner last night? DE-LICIOUS!
I don't always drink Microbrews, but when I do I prefer Great White & Racer 5
One time I had a dream that I was dancing. I was about to do a combination. "5, 6, 7, 8..." I started dancing in bed, but then I woke up.
Shout Out to our newest west side restaurant. Please Follow one of the best and oldest italian restaurants in
7 servings of this provides high quality antioxidants, plenty of high-quality protein, vitamins and minerals; dietary fiber; dairy- and...
Just observation at this point, but I just posted the new (Convergence) paper on academic.edu which has a bit
Watching Whitney Houston funeral service..
I bet people feelins be hurt when they say Goodmornin to someone n that person don't say it back but still tweetin!
Chimpanzee was awesome! The world is such an amazing place.
thanks for your help. Good luck on your adventure. I can't wait to hear more.
if thats the case, you will freak out when you try the
welcome to the twitterverse.
Join Co-Author of "Success On God's Terms" Gerald D. Rogers right now@ the Manhood Tour in the ATL 1950 highway 85 Jonesboro, Ga
"People in the 1970s were unwilling to pay 2 cents more for dolphin-safe tuna." ~Kevin Starr, #socap11. Has the world changed?
Perhaps that we're not in the same diocese is a good thing for the creative balance of the universe.
looking forward to a visit from youth today interested in the mission of !
Really enjoyed the show, but concerned. How thirsty were you guys!?
I lost my star :(
You still have the tix to SeattleBeta? Are they transferable? Not asking for me, it's for a couple of friends. :)
Are you on
Ready to learn all about bookmaking! A nice crafty break from all the recent writing and research.
U ARE GREAT ONLY IF YOU'RE DETERMINED TO BE SO!!! DETERMINATION LIES IN ONES HEART!
Who would have ever thought that we'd be reflecting on bullshit
The older I get, the less likely I am to keep my mouth shut about things that bother me
Karen Head & Nirmal Trivedi just received Georgia Tech Awards for exceptional response rates and outstanding scores on student evaluations.
Hello new followers and customers! So glad to have the support! Thank you!
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Brett Shockley, Avaya Had 4 issues Presence, Consumerization, Video and Speeding up adoption.
Casey said I skirted. No pun intended!
Not too much, a lot of writing and we just played the Fearless Friend's tour last night. And yeah i just now saw it! So sick:]
video killed the radio demidog ? .
change is good....embrace it!
lol. Yeah, focus on school! :)
fierce baby! ALL THE TIME! ROAAAARRRR!!
Who is the best candidate for healthcare issues!
Does anyone know why is moving to Miami for?
DailyHookahTip#127: If you don't have a way to stabilize your hookah at parties, put it in a bucket filled with ice on top.Cool and safe.
RT Our George Lopez Celeb Golf Tournament was a major success. Thanks to all of our amazing sponsors!!
I really should've signed up the fan cave I watch a lot of baseball lol
first the hilarious videos, now this!!!! :D RT : Big shout out to 6-0-0! Keep it up!
Forget paid #internships - in your dreams #collegegraduates. And you better know how to make coffee:
In The Mall Wit #KIL Bitch
Dress. No Tights! hello sunny & 85!
Sweet site let me know how I can help get the word out.
you can transform a company into a contact (or the other way around) under other actions on contact detail page
Books, books, the magical fruit, the more you read, the more you are awesome.
Reading Jessica James' civil war novel, Shades Of Gray. Impressive writer!!!
Took my little one and she enjoyed it...and I didn't fall asleep. You'll have fun!
Our city knows you guys gave it your all and that's all we can ask. Respect. Thanks for being a Raven.
When I watch Walking Dead I feel like an angry zombie who wants to eat everyone on the show. Maybe this is the point of it?
I am looking for Artists to feature in my gallery. Are you a toy artist?
Do it, lots of wonderful things happening in downtown LV - look forward to seeing you!
I'm so desperate I need Roc royal to follow asap
Great coverage so far. Hope they keep it up. Hats off to
The first 5 days after a weekend are rough, but I'll make it.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
ok had to leave #occupywallst protest but I hope my tweets helped. Power to the people!
Oh man, I've had the urge for the past 2 years to, but something always crops up. Then I get annoyed cos it feels like an excuse!
The website design is a fail because Godaddy's site builder doesn't work on a Mac. They might have mentioned that.....
Love Chopped! RT : Cooking dinner with #Chopped on in the background. I find myself rushing to beat the clock.
I'll definitely have to check it out! Is listing free?
someone should be the underwear glitter bomber.
are you modeling??
so, an "semi midget" according to your bio, eh? :)
Productive Sunday! Checking out an apartment this afternoon, getting some work done for Jockey, and then off to support !
A tank has one purpose, but software tech has many. This changes the acquisition model for governments, and prob companies, too.
How about Robinson over Thomas(den)
how he wears only a blanket on the plane. <U+2665>
you've been playing for like 6 hours lol
sorry I got hacked
with your attitude, i'm surprised you actually have friends
Should you see me wandering around talking to myself in public today, worry not. I'm just chanting.
...take dollar out of a rich person's pocket, it crashes the economy?
I need to go on a vacation:-)
Fantastic article on being a dad and an actor in LA from today. Follow him and check it out.
I want you. I want you so bad.
I know, it's so terribly sad
Studying abroad this summer or fall? We're looking for bloggers! If you're interested, please let us know!
lol people these days
iv been chilling i only go out like once a month where you be going out let me know
Thank you, my dear!! :) I'm very chuffed for SECRETS and Miranda! xoxo
of course I follow :) <U+2665>
Omgomg sophia and rosie are gonna sing on ellen again((: love those little cuties
thanks man..which song?
Sailing...and does visiting lobster roll shacks count?
it= the show
lol maybe on that topic
HI evryone please take a moment and check out my website www.createmoneyweb.com
what do you mean lies?
then you have every right to call him a wanker, no?
As my boy put it, you're either a #BUM or a #BOSS. #BOSS it is for me.
Uh, we're looking at the forecast and it's not looking really pretty for racing ... big storm cell moving in from southern Indiana.
With no ads, who would pay for the media? The good fairy? ~Samuel Thurm
#Hugs swept first place at the 2012 Stevenson MAP Film Festival! -JO
Speakers: We know we have problems with women in power when the lead story of the day is H. Clinton not wearing makeup.
Huge turnout at WakeGOP convention tonight.
PATIENCE! it's a virtue! ...a stupid one RT come on with the announcement already, ! the anticipation is torment!
At ORD, waiting for challenge week 2011 to begin. And milkshakes in Cincy...
Is that #tickertape or batthroom tissue that just flew by our windows???
March 25th!!! You don't wanna miss, not only the SHOW but the "2" party right after with and
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH<3! FOLLOW HIM!
well i am a person. But the bar is a bar lol. Kevin!
I'm am so jealous of you! :) I love them!! Lucky you :D
Remember the irony of them hawking social web/smart devices while none of us could get on overloaded Wifi last year?
i have testing in the morning, but i'm WIDE AWAKE . FML
I'm gonna need Starbucks tomorrow. Venti Iced Vanilla Latte w/ light ice here I come.
I just don't even know what to think anymore.
Testing out an obstacle course! gotta make some money somehow :)
Im such a student in her world!
Library = #personal #digital #library. Jeffrey demonstrating how you can easily scan in physical books' barcodes....
thank you lord for another beautiful day
Jersey Shore premiere was also the most watched cable program of 2010. Suck on that Mad Men.
Love it! Good luck with the car. <3
I think my paper fried my brain.. I have nothing constructive or remotely intelligent to say about community needs analysis.
ND putting it on them dang!
show me
lmao, yeah all the time. I'm watchin Sherlock Holmes on PBS
I'll go if u can find a brown wig and heels that fit me lol
it's normal to go through this rage... try to stay constructive. :)
Haha, yeah I love projects that make the internet a little more fun and a little less business.
I just know that when my mom gets back I'm gonna fuck her up
haha! You are so very welcome!! :) thank you for being so cool and having them!!
Forced RT: My question of the day: will fast will follow me on Twitter?
well he can dream.
Yes. It means if we average 20 points a week we stand a chance of catching up in a mere 38 weeks. Trivia math!
If tht dream ever happened im real life., I'd kill someone
Watching a rocket land.
Who Says
Are you going to become a fan? They have your colors and now you live out there!
Let's Go Cardinals!
for the next hour i don't care about anything but How I Met Your Mother
"So does Abby Lee show these girls the steps? I mean, she's so fat..." hahaha my mother
oh the phone calls we must make.
#teambreezy forever on mi mind at all times
Looking forward to this #MayweatherCotto fight.
#GymPetPeeve when they're scoping you out curling or squatting or on the treadmill and trying to see how heavy/hard youre going...LOOK AWAY
Haha nah we're good. We just moved in here in April. But thanks!
The world these days
I hope so. RT : PM will be Broncos today...can't wait!!!
Olive Garden Feast Fest!
#. Buying Cheap Wolverine Men&#39;s Raider 6&quot; Contour Welt Boot ...
Oh Melo I'm not a fan of NY but you are one gorgeous man...please beat the heat
I'd be happy if anyone was willing to study for my last two finals for me Takers?
I should be working but instead I am flooding everyones twitter feeds with absolute nonsense. One day I will have something important to say
Fill in the blank: My favorite menu item from Jimmy's is _______, because it tastes like ________.
Do you have a campaign office in Nevada?
towel under the door, we wasn't even suppose to smoke
I normally don't do politics, but... Is the 2-party system really a good idea? Or the cause of our ("us" vs "them") political problems?
"For those of you that don't know me: I'm Taylor's amazing younger sister." - FTW! Haha.
Last time I was at a concert, it wasn't that known of a band and it was more than a decade ago!
Going to see #thegrey! :) Has anyone seen it yet?
love that! Best perk of AM workouts is that I feel like my brain is firing on all cylinders once I get to my desk.
haha that's funny and I totally missed it!
what r u doin today ?
Very fair and important distinction, but still an unethical use of authority/influence for sexual purposes.
Had fun last night at my party . Was a little fucked up
cause your hot... Girls that love Austin, Justin, and one direction LOVE hot guys on twitter...LOL
Cool. You got tickets? Are you going w/Zamora?
Been busy trying to write LOL where have you been Bon!? :)
You too Trelly God bless
Jayde and Ed help out Alexa on BLOWN OFF in just a minute!
...and I'm still not ready to eat food. Thanks, #Thanksgiving for making me bloated and just too full.
that is one call I wish I could take. I need a light at the end if the tunnel! Sorry to hear you're in a rough patch as well.
follow back ??
Just realized that I no longer have anything to read during my commute to and from work anymore.
Spay or Neuter? -Yes- Home that evening-out patient for your dog or cat.
#sincewebeinghonest Jason Terry that was a bitch ass move you did!!! And #sincewebeinghonest We (#Lakers) still going to win!!!
Brenda Just taught a brief Cinahl Class to a group of nurses.
oh you flatter! But thank you :-)
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday driving 8 hours to see u vs. Bucks in Milwaukee! Possible to meet u? Your my all time MVP!
Starting today with the noisy Breville Juice Fountain to payback my neighbors for using a power saw during NFL Sunday.
lol just lost a follower. byebye
I am in sore throat hell. Again. Fuck!
Virtual travel abroad e-journal. Constructivist/experiential/collaborative. Weekly assignment essential.
well let's def. talk, then.
I don't normally do New Year's resolutions but this seems like a good one: be more courageous.
I sort of love the sound of Russian.
Serious business.
oh you talking bout when "bitches" lick up water
yes definitely!
Annoyed to pull out my Fleischman's yeast and see that it's stamped "Bake for the Cure." No longer pleased to be supporting
Busy is good, indeed, and am glad it is helping you. Using anything save for a brush is most groovus. :-)
if 90 percent of your tweets are arguing with celebs/famous personalities trying to get noticed, just stop.
Next week our Village Glen HS Seniors will participate in the senior trips. Exciting activities & community service are planned.
RT : Another domino falls in the #CleanHouseMission2012 so yall gettin what yall wanted. A record breaking 10yr run but...
Need another reason to drink at Burnhearts tomorrow night? Yum Yum will be parking outside w/ falafel & more! Good beer + good food! 7pm
YAY SNUGGLE TIME :)
I want my don's voice to be a cross between Darth Vader and Mufasa.
Say hello to sabram!
i would really appreciate it if boo bear or haz would tweet right now. thanks
F***cckkkkk... Been taking "tragos" ever since got to BOMBAY RANCH.
it looks nasty outside and people wonder why i have been lazy the past couple hours
Uh, that wasn't me because I totally already knew that!
Your welcome. (kobe voice)...RT : kobe tried to tell y'all.
clippers playing together. Kobe playing bye him self
hey u
It's fantastic! The books are better, of course, but it's a great adaptation. I highly recommend it.
its all good girl haha
any numbers (couldn't make conference) thanks
what do you want to do tonight? Fyi we may need to go out hard tmw :) so maybe low key tonight?
gonna go eat lunch. tweet ya later
never mind, is shutting down
you little whores lol
I am so down! You tell me when
I absolutely HATE dramatic people
Didn't sleep well!
Factor XI Deficiency and Obstetrical Anesthesia | Anesthesiologie ...
Twitter is still kind of fun, though, so maybe I will come back for a while.
feet so soft. I think he slick be gettin pedicures. BOL.
- We are making friends, and collecting partners. We are feeling very optimistic!
RT : “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
we all know, lazy bum.(x
I just had a coherent phone conversation which means I'm not buzzed enough...
the rest of the crew has no clue what we have to put up with.....
Then why do people put cucumber slices on their eyes?
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
I don't know! lmao. xD And aw
um drinky dranks in our near future, please?
Ain't Austin a piece of work???“ Rewatching A-list NY with my boo... It's warm. :) #teamDerek”
The weather in PDX today is lovely. Couldn't have asked for a better start to my weekend!
I lost followers:( But all of my friends on Twitter moved to Tumblr.... Man come back to Twitter<3
I'll keep that in mind! Thanks for the suggestions.
is gonna lose :)
seen Josh Hamilton lately?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> crushing it.
>>> I'm working ICE get ready
Thanks for the follow Maestro Blake. If you could pick one instrument...what would it be?
Schedule your next teeth cleaning at Studio B Smiles!
Let's learn from each other!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/01/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Why would you even be on the phone coughing up phlegm? That is so disgusting
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Being that I'm leaving for Russia in less than 2 weeks, I better get my butt in gear and start getting ready
The end of this week...
hey Ms punk
RT : We make a point of letting our students know how we find "cool" stuff on twitter-> FABULOUS
:) Why are you up so early?
It didn't smell like a PayDay! But I think it was a special Valentine's gift.
If #Obama had cut off a classmate's hair, he'd get pegged the gang-banging pimp socialist Muslim, not just the socialist Muslim.
Is spring cleaning the office.
I'm not even sure I consider myself a "gamer" in the same sense that I'm a book "reader" and film/TV "viewer." Maybe I should...
new goal - make my apartment cool enough to be featured on apartment therapy's "small cool"
Admiral Mullen: shout out to employers of Guard and Reserve. We would be no where without the #Guard and
when is tgat?
dig common's beard #grammys and glad that he's giving props to gil scott-heron
Just remember IMMA ALWAYS BE ABLE TO REPLACE YOU
FNO after party at Diva with special guest DJ Vicki Wang tonight 9pm! Complimentary Hors'duerves will be served.
RT James Marcelin looking spiffy in his Haitian kit. sbn.to/mXZvwx
RT : loving my first 10 minutes! <=YaY :) SO FUN and info-packed. Glad to have you here!
who died?
is my Beantown dwelling brother - check his blog for the skinny on local beats and eats
Tis the season to give. Get 5% off mattress when you donate $10 to
lame ass
Whatever. Not even gunna stress this. I am not in the position to stress right now..
Woosah. Breathe in. Breathe out.
Wish me luck
This is great! RT : It smells like apple cinnamon Jamison shots in my office and I was not at last night!
whenever i see you up on your bed i cant help thinking that i want to punch you in the head
“: Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with 2 black guys and call it NIGGAS IN PARIS!”. ROTFLMFAO
What kinda happy ending are we talking about here, lol
pizza pizza pizza
Must be terrible parents
I agree there are issues with govt-funded higher ed in the US; offer a counterproposal?
that would be the best collaboration ever, ever...
Idk who's more excited about tonight the fans or the stars of the show
oh hush up
I was actually able to say 'bow ties are cool' today. Not often you can quote #doctorwho quote IRL
I was just getting used to owls/legends highlights
I hope so too. I would say to "lighten up" but that tact was discredited by a flair of false dilemma.
Do you still have that billboard on hwy 16 with a car crashing into it?
well there is is there. just like that!
Any tips on running #JBossAS7 on Fedora 16? JBOSS_HOME is set but getting ModuleNotFoundException. No probs getting it running on Windows 7.
thanks for the follow!
stack jack
I love my president. I want him for 4 more years. Can we make that happen? Thanks
Simplify, organize, and thank God for each and every blessing RT What's your New Year's resolution?
I cannot wait to hear about this
Thanks, Dennis! The pleasure is mine!!
OMG yes. I'm pretty much broke now. But that's okay, I just won't eat for...the month of June
to honor with the 2012 Service to America Leadership Award
Thank you to Corpus Christi Tots and Teens for hosting a FABULOUS site visit! It's great to see the enthusiasm!
I mean seriously, now everyone knows their business SMH
Also thanks to for the live tweets!
Good burger >
This RIP "Insert Celebrity Name Here" thing is getting old fast.
What’s Your Lip Style? here some great information for woman with small medium and large lips read more www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
yeah.. Me and Santana almost died. ;)
aww pewpew! I was distracting your boy with texts while you were spending QT together.
we need more of that!
damn it I suck at responding. I think Wednesday is only night this week Megan and I have home time. How things going?
HaHahaha!!! Santana on #Glee is freaking HILARIOUS!<3 "its okay if Rachel wants a big beak."
The wifi in my house is terrible.
I'm sticking with the Heat-Pavers & Spurs game until I fall asleep.
Did I forget to mention I'm no longer on probation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> this will be a glorious summer.
is this true
I actually was able to finish in 6hrs. Normally it takes a week. I finished before anyone. Teacher says she is impressed!!
scream-singing along to i love life
Just now starting to hit me that I'll be leaving Oxford in 2 days....
If only I could do a thousand things @ one time, but I would rather just do one thing well. I have a lot to do.
RT My momma said don't b afraid 2 shit on all these niggas!
My Heart Will Go On!!
Yessir! Big ups to you guys! See you at D'mongo's on the 18th?
I wanna travel to Paris
Insane ~> now live tweeting a BRAIN SURGERY. Amazing what Social Media can enable.
You're probably gonna have to have two meetings. Business in the front, party in the back!
Sorry, I can't be grownup enough for everyone. You all have to grow up too.
Favre needs to shut his trap!
The textual anxiety of writing for an audience of editors. cc
My heart skips a beat w/ every new tweet on my timeline.
No matter what job we have (or don't have) we are all the CEO of ourselves.
thanks for understanding. Haha
I wanna go go dance like so bad someone help me?
I will miss all the amazing talent the #Colts let go this year, but I'm thrilled is still our punter. He's my fave anyway :)
Who enjoyed the beautiful weather this weekend!?!
#4BetterOr4Worse is a kick ass band RT this plz all over the Twitter Universe :)
Peppers In Broad Ripple Saturday Night!!!! Be There!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm Too much to handle!
Nothing, about to watch, Because I Said So. Trying to sleep too.
Even me ? RT : I don't like any of you.
well they had to do this instant elimination thing... And got it SO wrong
orange slice is most definitely obligatory. no other citrus will do! (Save your lemons for Hoegaarden, also delicious!)
Doc appointment ..... Job looking ... Dinner .....
me sorry rem-job. We didn't even get to go in anyways. I <3 you
must be bringing us all together.
That newspaper is old news.
PCL with Jay... This hoe packed
yea that's what I thought, I hope they do offer, I believe he really wants 2 be a wildcat!!
i want ajax.
I'm just now seeing what you said. Shows how much I use twitter besides my articles.
Justin was adorable on Ellen today!
Great game, yesterday. What's it like competing for both the number 1 team in NCAA D1 BBall and #teamnosleep?
Updated Company Info and Awards on Facebook. Take a look.
Already obsessing about who's gonna win #xfactor tonight!!!!! I can't stand it! better win!!!!
A #family of 4 missing and 2 are still #missing. Murdering #women and #children in the #US has been on the
that would be some nice bling for sure.
- Don't forget the sunscreen.
Her voice is flawless.
Yes! I would go to school for MadMen studies! I think I could write a whole thesis comparing and contrasting Peggy and Joan.
Mayweather vs. Pacquiao let's make it happen already
You have a gift coming thank you so much for all your help
Monday the teacher blindfolded us and today he told us our class was in a plane crash and we had to figure out how to survive
Got the internship!!!! Yes we are definitely kickin it today
Can't stop being sick... :(
Rescue wildlife in 'Animal Kingdom' - USA TODAY
Just curious. Who thinks we should release one more song before the Ep comes out? Or just have three brand new songs for the Ep:)
RIP: Catholic Citizens of Illinois founder, Chicago legend Tom Roeser. Condolences from this soft-as-a-cupcake know-nothing relativist.
Technology for Education just added saynplay to its product line- Hooray!!!! www.tfeinc.com
You should have a M&G ;D
Not just trying to be a grumpy M's fan but has to be Wilhelmsen going to wrong base, throwing away. Though, pitcher.
When girls help you n shit >>> Lmao I'm stupid Haha
how can u watch hockey its terrible
I would watch the jackass movies just to see him
your whole head?
For the record, we'll be rolling a D20 to determine the playing order.
Hope everyone has a lovely stretchy pants day!
Nice Ad last night - big time!
Me too -- adorable. Bittersweet this year, though.
can't in maxwell class you should go get me something and bring it here
Not feeling very successful right now ...maybe some Ben & Jerry's will help me see the light
NOTHING JUST SICK OF MEMPHIS
dm i will tell you about my dream
Project-based learning is the hook once the student is already interested in the content (of the discipline)
You r the best !
Does anyone know of useful resources out there for private money investors?
*LE GASP* dude, I've been there like five times, I found stuff to do xD
I just met your dad Dylan
Only treasures and Chairman are registered because they fiduciary responsibility.
i'm starting dance classes! Can i have a good luck?
Fast Company launching a new website -Co-Exist- to demonstrate how to impact the earth lightly
sure thing - price tag is a little staggering :)
Is it just me or are all the employees in Thom Tillis' office bangin' all the lobbyists in Raleigh y'all?
Klout believes I am influential on Seafood, Pasta, and Moms. Eerily accurate, Klout is.
Thank you and happy year !
I swear, allergies are going to be the death of me!
I could eat you up, I love you so: “: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
XOXORT : Happiness!!! :D ... Nothing special going on, but I'm happy! :)
I can only fishtail part of my hair.. Not all of it :(
Happy #MusicMonday! Tag us with your favorite local/regional bands and we'll mail out a free DDE wristband!
fumbling idiots today..u gotta be happy about that!
Have a great day my Love! Xoxoxo -Mr. Grouch
Standing Sideways on the plane. Thanks
Have you joined the #Motorama LIVE discussion yet? Join us from 9-11pm EST tonight and every Wednesday.
$1,000 dollar reward on any information leading to the person or people who stole from the Creek yesterday.
I'm happy to read that there are other USPS enthusiasts out there.
Was that a coincidence? #ilikeditthough :)
wishes much success & good wishes to colleagues dancing and it's organizers
good morning, Jon!
We are excited! Thank you for the mention!
Dec 22 2012 is E-day the Birthday party for planet earth.
we need to hang out!
i hope you know most of us voted our hearts out for you, win or loose, we'll always be here. :)
it's so good here!
Startups are about sacrifices.
Every time, babe, every time!
really sending a telemarketing tweet for someone who died.
SDiego Collaborative Law will cost more-FACT.JAMS Thomas Ashworth will make sure of it.Lori Love/Stephen Doyne use children for $$. $$ win.
i creep tweet
Eyes puttin up a fight well hell they win goodnight niggas
espn needs to chill with calling Blake Griffin a superstar... cmon man.
RT Name an actor who could play my younger brother. > Mo Diaby
That's a good idea. I've been wanting to play with some non-video game designing myself.
For you all at ..show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited $50 tickets for
Art History Lovers...is there anyone more lovely to read than EH Gombrich?
Just As I Promised 4 New Songs(HEY,KITCHEN,I SEE YA, MY LOVE) Off My New CD "The Intro" Check Em Out, Tell The World What You Think - BAM!!!
yoYO Misfit_toy m'friend n pal0mine.. tech9iner here from his biz twitter acct.. keep'n tags on ya for FBI profit someday! LOL;]
At her Moms House
Just played Westminster High in with Symphony Crack!! It's always inspiring playing with , and
Happy mother's day
- you guys have any good conferences on the radar besides the obvious ones? I'm compiling a list for everyone at work. thx
BTW what's not to love about *sigh*
Hit me wit an e mail to send beats to you at
still reading The Expats by Chris Pavone & really enjoying it!
Despite this gloomy weather Im going re-create my current environment with all the color and goodness God has created!
exactly but they hit me with the bible "man is the head of the house"banter.I showed respect to their beliefs but disagreed
don't tell me you love me when I'm mad at you >:/
Cinco de Mayo celebrates Mexicans defeating the French. Seis de Mayo celebrates Tequila defeating dumb ass Americans
The online program for Beyond Borders: San Diego 2012 is almost finished and will be available by Monday. Thanks!
did you see CashCab!
Good times Fri w - c U guys soon
yes, I'll be there my friend
ok if u have a facebook. go to your fb,check your invites and click that u are going to the #MissRedandBlackPageant tickets on sale now!
Ouch. But you'd think a pro body would be highly serviceable, so maybe it'll be minor?
Random man on the bus gave me an awesome compliment and didn't press me for a number-maybe chivalry ain't dead! :-)
"Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did."
All I want right now is a breakfast sandwich from dunks
on another note Big Joe Blanton is pitching a good game for the
At the Women for Women event. Some really great workshops all day followed by an awards ceremony honoring inspiring #ROC women!
We miss you guys too! I hope all is going well for you and !
What do you love about owning your own business?
TylerMeehan: stillblazingtho walking 5 miles on a state road at 10pm for a buy one get one free big mac.
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Ikr? :'( and thank you so much sist *hug*
hope that question isn't too stupid...
Not all money is good
The 5th Inning (my second memoir) will soon be going into paperback. A good book to use in memoir workshop. Order from Amazon or PM Press.
do you want to make up the earth test tomorrow after school?
On the road again? WSJ NEWS ALERT: U.S. Economy Added 200,000 Jobs in December; Unemployment Rate Slipped to 8.5%
Dinner at Six Feet Under with my King and his bother.
Forgot how good James Morrison was.
I feel so secure when I leave Twitter open as I do my homework, it makes me feel less lonely lol. Is that just me?
Small fire at Belmont Race Track in barn 22. Fire was contained in office area and sprinkler system put out the fire. No injuries to horses.
How does that suck? I'm moving there immediately. Maybe they can even provide me with a ranch dressing hose...
the something else is my creative mind thinking or new ideas/ventures :)
Hahaha! Me too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
You know, some of us have to wait another three hours until we get to see it.
take me for who i am. if you dont like me it doesnt give you the right to make fun of me cause im a mexican. think before you say somthing.
well played, well played indeed.
RULES - answer Trivia question posted at 10pm EST & follow -- we will chose the WINNER at 10:45pm EST
awe..I have adopted new favorite Republicans :-).
Adam Gordon quoting Emerson's amusingly precise calculation of what small proportion of human print one can read in a lifetime
S/O to John Lucas I for being ready when your number is called, that's what a pro does!!!
Aw thank you =)
You wrote an intro?!
We finally Made it to #100 views on our #youtube Video "Whatcha Say" !!!and almost #200 on "Somthing Is Missing" Check us Out ! :)
Okayy sure well talk tomorrow
Good bye and good night sleep and tomorrow I have I bored hahha school wing
fantastic social media insights. Establish and maintain authentic relationships where your customers are.
Whatever happens happens.
i want You to have first look
I just love when guys diss because it shows how much there jealous of him <3
I'm all about the flare! And all my friends better be sportin' a Tech SIG sticker!
How are u
Amazing cover! hope it's out today! Seems like a really cool edition.
Good News For Megan Fox: Less Painful Tattoo Removal Procedure Hits Hollywood - Hollywood Reporter
watching tv tweeting
Damn it! Ruined part of the first part of the series finale of Desperate Housewives. So pissed.
I'd like to promote National Don't Use Your Stupid Cell Phone In A Store Day. Week. Month. Year.
I don't like Mandie. Yes I'm actually jealous. But everyone is saying she was really rude,& SHE asked them to pick her... wtf. js my opinion
This concludes a day of #uwethics... apologies for blowing up all your Twitter feeds, I hope you found some of it slightly interesting!
Wicked excited to go see the A Day in Pompeii exhibit at the today!
R.I.P. Lee Roy Selmon
what you on tonite
that just blew my mind
Lyman and Fiona work to discover the family history of the bird in #ABirdoftheAir. Have you ever explored your #genealogy ?
Carrier is 6'3" 240 pounds & ran a 4.49 40-yard dash, 40-inch vertical jump & did a three-cone run in 6.69 seconds, which is off the charts.
It's been a hell of a night, what a beautiful life.
where are you in Phoenix .hope your having a great time here .
HEY!!!!!! I change my name from XxHockeyChick19 to this :) iLoveDJMalik1D
awh that sucks girl!! Haha and you've never been here. It sucks.
Wad up big cuz. And s/o to the Mavs!
wow you have over 1000 followers already. Congrats you deserve it cuz you're sweet :)
Im taking no prisoners!!! Im claiming today is going to be good!!
Make sure y'all tune in!! RT : "Off in This" by VIDEO airing on MTV2 TOMORROW est..RT..RT
Aaron Rogers for Governor!
Interisland power cable bill clears Hawaii Senate
I always wait till I have nothing...I mean NOTHING left to eat...then I go to the store!
such a mayday parade mood
nothing can be more delicious than those chocolate Jesus Fishes
Spring Break!!! The studio will be closed March 16th - March 24th. Classes will resume March 25th. Have a fun and relaxing break everyone!!!
7 top 25 teams still on the schedule. 4 of which are in the top 10. More than any other team in the country.
i am the queen of making quentin uncomfortable.
well I go to QC lmao and no it was an accident ... So critical
#FF thanks for the follow back Mestre!
#RN20 "fallen eagles live forever, soaring above us and in our hearts"
i see the roses in their cheeks and i know the message is received
If we want people to speak to us honestly, we must take responsibility to honestly listen.
Just tapped, Brewing Total Domination IPA (replaces IPA)
What's going on my y'all. I'm bout to rise and grind, whats have y'all been up to.
exciting, will kathy griffin be involved? that would be great
where is that from? At first glance it looks like it has too much cocoa...so it's probably not even worth it
you're so cute <3
You just gonna serenade me on Twitter like that? That could be interpreted as political stance in itself, haha.
That's awesome! That deserves a winning too.
Sex and the City II, The Biggest night in Portland, Come celebrate it with US tonight at Society NightClub. ,
ok no problem
Today's going to be such a busy day !
R.I.P Spring Break . Free my nigga Summer ,He'll be out in June
soo this guy... we never really talk anymore, and i kinda miss talking to him(:
I love so much <3
And they want to put a THIRD team in this market?
came into the dept this morning and effing barbara johnstone is giving a talk in our conference room!!! we need better interdept commcns
.247 2nd half, true, but the slash marks weren't much different from those in 1st half. .277 in Aug. 1 It's 1 month.
Everyone I use to talk to on here doesn't talk to me
Thanks bud u too RT : Happy Friday everyone! Enjoy!! xx
Thanks for following!!
This is a dance for all the lovers, taking a chance with one another.
Got dressed in a daze and just saw I chose all grey. Hmm what does that say about my mood?
#TUFLive is horrible. Great fights but horrible format. So much awkward silence.
You are welcome.
From Chong to Kumar—Stoner Cinema Throughout the Years
was just gonna tweet that too. You know it's good when d rose and noah can't crack the lineup
does Hamilton come back next year with the #Bulls?
You don't follow in anyone's footsteps. You make your own path.
Do the kids need to burn off a little energy on a rainy day? Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair has an Indoor Playground!
No jobs today. Well, except Pearson. But they're always hiring. So is Software Advice and some romance publisher in south Austin.
I'd probably be reading if my book wasn't all the way downstairs. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Let's go #caps! Then the Avengers... AGAIN!
What's going on tonight
Excited for my first audition of 2012 today.
yup I love it lol
I guess *have to* was the wrong term. Since they updated yesterday to include mobile info, seems like this would also=update.
people were ATL at the A3cfestial.com real hiphop
&#39;Avengers&#39;: Joss Whedon fills the screen with heroes and humor
Anyone have an extra wristband for tonight's client appreciation party? #BBworld11 thanks!
I am so excited, you have no idea!
Sounds like a great Rockabilly Chili day for WMSE!
It always feels good being back home :)
Hey Nathan; Congratulations on all your personal & professional accomplishments & Achievements! looking good buddy; HNY 2012 DD
my dad :) ha just playing, its lebanese, if that's what you're asking
Green Day
Keep it in your pants
Just got asked on the phone, "Do you often get told you sound exactly like k.d. lang?"What a lovely compliment!
The theme of the night is anime and rap.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset People playing with my emotions..
haha awesome. That was definitely us! Yea were always doing rad stuff. Glad it all worked out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
let's you catch me okay I should go and have a look sometime :) we there yet
for a guy his size, that blog title could mean lot's of things...lol
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear we need to talk.
Thanks for reaching out. Follow me back and I'll DM you my contact info.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>lmao chillout I look good as always mane (Harold voice)
if you want to lose weight you have to get the myfitnesspal app its a lifesaver, have lost about 25-30 lbs from it
I thought about a certain follower all day today. I really miss them.
gah, the new mileage plus program has downgraded membership benefits.
Landed in Buenos Aires! Unfortunately my luggage did not.
What rooftop bar is delightful tonight? We're in River North and hosting colleagues.
Wish I could fast forward my time here at work.
All day long do it like Tony, fuck her friend then I pass her to the big homie back to it
And , I'm tired of being all alone . And the solitary moment makes me want to come back home ..
Looking forward to getting back home and attending the Lincoln Day Dinner in Floyd County.
heh, you win.
Everybody going out of town this weekend >>>>> house to my self
Good afternoon everyone!! So what's everyones thoughts on the lockout! Do u think there will be a season??
I just ignore 2 calls
Allstar game is the real dunk contest!
Not true": If u gotta go to #SUMMERSCHOOL this 2012 SUMMER you gone b missing out n u DUMB AF"
If the team moves forward together, than success takes care of itself. strong arm steady fam.
Design is an increasingly fundamental tool to make cities more competitive, attractive, liveable and efficient. How about for #Reno?
did the analysis once, concluded large swathes of SF & most of downtown would be fully covered if Starbucks had full power APs
Plans are nothing great, planning is everything. #WhyAreYou going to ignore planing?
damn, I'm proud of my rebuttal defending country music. maybe thats why I wanna move to Nashville &work around it
im lovin your new 'where have you been' track.
and a hole in the bag so he can sing to me, that's it.
Just 1 week left - get a FREE raffle ticket when you buy your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope" ticket before May 1st!
I do not want to be taught how to Dougie
Countdown! Les than 500 followers till Miss reach the 16MillionBritneyArmy #Teambritney RT
If you're not watching #SNL you're missing a great show right now
Unreal. But it seems a lot of people are doing it. I'm modest - so I probably wouldn't be a good one to ask. :)
That's the #RedSox I know!
You make it like this. Press the shift button and the ; key, then the shift button and the 9 key.
Sheriff Joe must go - kicks off his campaign this weekend. Message me for details!
The Food Court was just brutal!
did the NFL finalize a deal yet? Lots of time b4 NBA needs to make a deal
Is it possible that Tim Tebow has encouraged more healthy discussion of faith than many radicals and evangelicals?
solid! key to endurance for last 4 miles.. coupled with long runs and proper medium miles and you'll be there! good luck
I hate when I forget to fast-forward the commercials while watching TiVoed shows.
Yes Obama is still my guy. But can't ignore how often he looks like a Republican dream come true: Immigration, Education & Foreign Policy.
yes, agreed. I like her much better for you. You have my blessing and approval, lol.
In Brooklyn today working at Sovereign Motor Cars Ltd. Working with beautiful Mercedes Benz all day! Thanks
Finally getting the team on board with social media... great for team approach to multiple outlets. What does your team use?
Spending the day working on making myself a better person!
I am game for a cocktail this week. Game Like fame!
So why does Hamas use Civilians as human shields?
Just too many unemployed people out here for folks to not want to do their best at their jobs. No matter how minute the task.
I read your blog "In a Sense Lost" Excellent advice for all artists. Will write about it on FAR Blog! Great piece.
I am in a strip club.. Not sure how I feel about that..
. Note: is an early adopter of so we are especially excited about their achievements!
who wants to see The Kildares with me? Anyone?
I get is cracking like a bad back
Sometimes you have to give up on your wish for the best and success in live!!!
Thanks for the RT! Glad you liked the blog post!
"Sometimes good is not enough."
I am detecting a lot of wind from Apopka, Deltona to New Smyrna Beach...any reports?
Happy birthday! <3
How was everything on Saturday? Did you have a great NYE?
got some front row balcony spots for in Madison w/ & mr fillmore!!! yeeeeeewhooo!
Who's here?
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one
oh cool, thanks.
BY the way - had a great time chatting it up with the election inspectors & volunteers at those Greece polling places...
yeah but not for a few weeks.
#hypercondria is a real condition my friend.
Upper traps are so flipping hard to ice! Someone come section my grapefruit for me and snuggle!
Thought we had skool today
NOW "Honky Tonk Life" VACANTHOUSEBAND Canton,GA
I'm learning too
When she dance I throw her dollas
Only an apple fish can make apple caviar.
Can you get a Coors Light on the Southside?
congrats on your video premier on 106 and Park tomorrow!!! Dude I'm still ready got that tour my bags are packed !!
more shows/dates: July 2nd in Chicago, July 16th in Ottawa Ontario Canada, July 19th in Omaha, NE, July 23rd in Chicago
#ConfessionTime I don't get drunk or smoke.
kid kid kid, go to church tomorrow
Have a great time at dinner!
like your new picture.
I must have been In my titanium-lined pedicurium, having my feet re-skinned. Very spotty wifi there.
Pizza salad at #masa, so good
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron says content is key. Passion matters, too, says Cornelia Dean.
You won’t build skyscraper without blueprint. Your life dream is no different.
That shit you tryna do I did it yesterday ...
Great meeting you as well! CC:
We do too! RT : You bet! I love farmers market season.
Ohh you're acting like obama is a hero, pleas continue to tell me how well our employment and tax rates are
Ready for some #pucks and some #beer!
I wonder if Florence + The Machine ever have to call Mike + The Mechanics.
Do me a favor...Save that shit..Bitch!!!!!
Excellent selection with Quatermass and the Pit!!
Definitely looking forward to this Cook Out wit the team
gonna rock my shirt tomorrow!
#incaseyoudidntknow there is not a damn thing to watch on T.V right now
pshh in your dreams(;
dont worry this time tomorrow #ssod will be raping hitler and his anschluss on the final.
All I want is your Respect
I'm thinking about getting it. Is there a creator mode or is it only survival?
Alberta Darling looking forward to defeating etc. whatever. From home, right? Not from Madison.
lololol! That's adorable. Thanks! :D
awee, my BESTFRIEND was and still is so CUTE :D love ya <333
What is the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom? A pitbull tastes delicious. -
One of my supervisors resembles an oxicottoned mary kate or ashley....
Dear Elisabet. I just read your 2002 article on Jane Roberts/ Seth. Brilliant. It's an honor to follow you
i remember following some people then i have to re foollow them. tf twitter cmon
At CYFS breakfast, Dahlia Lithwick is entertaining us with Supreme Court talk. Awesome crowd supporting a great organization.
I am now humming The Partridge Family. And I second the Friday shout out!
It's people nit-picking about line changes and small crap like that.
hey sorry I forgot my twitter name on there my email is
YOU DO LIKE LOUIS.
Am I the only one that twoops??
Planet Tennis : has been doing all kinds of cool things w/video & the muse.Inspiration to get daily tracks going again.
Is it really Thursday already?? These short weeks throw me off! Work hard today!
you'd think People love Jesus as much as they Loved #Joe P? # no. #NCAA The real All Time Wins Coach is #Eddie Robinson #PSU did it 4self.
I sleep in your t-shirt, wake up in your t-shirt, still smell the scent of your cologne...
Nice pic! TY for your hard work! RT A few of my PDXBobcats helping restore a creek this past Sat.
“: great seeing you tonight!!! Here's to the next one!! Woo too!!” Agreed!
After a short down period we have Roadshow up and running. We also fixed the drop target on T2 so now lock the ball every time.
Whenever someone says "oh my god" slowly I just have to say "becky look at her butt"
Who the hell still uses fax machines???
Celebrity nude shots are becoming more and more common. I think they are having a competition.
Just Checked out the Visa page. They have a live Chat with Phelps tomorrow but don't tag him in post. NBD it's not like he has over 5M fans
Wearing my Lakers shirt to school fwm Nuggets fans.
for my birthday I want to follow me but it will never happen ;c
The temps this week are gonna be awesome! It's gonna feel like this past January!
First time on a carpetless Metro. I dont know how to feel...
“: RT:Asians on Charlie Angels-pic Dynasty in reline also--> thanks miss. As always ;)
Owl City >
Lls You Stupid!
Heat player takes that foul its a flop.
Wow this GRUB place is freaking poppin
Want to party at Mirage FREE Tonight Text NFL to 804.245.9688
Like, Wade, Bron, (and sometimes Kobe) ooze sexiness. TD not so much. He looks like a gas attendant.
RT U should give a campaign blossom to the CV Chamber for seeing thru anti-worker rhetoric & voting to endorse no on G
Pretty cruel for someone who lives in a shack in the mountains.
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. -Richard Baker
Missing my other half...
Hi Cindy :-) What do you see in the 2012 New York Mets?
Now That'sa fat ass cat
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
thank u. *YAWN* Okay time to go beddy bye!
Listening to track data flows
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728>Austin means the world to me<U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
What kind of feed do you mean? Like one we host or simply just one we use/subscribe to?
I get out of work between 5-5:30 so I can make that- however M works in Waconia so you might have to meet him another night.
Good question. Grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out, oh & don't rinse it!
Your communication strategy is not a commodity, the same way your #brand is not a commodity.
got it in today. damn tired. alot of store cleanup, need to get on learning to repair monitors, can be dangerous CURRENT SON >_<
My hairs getting longish!
Had a 7th grader in my 5:30 am spin class this morning! Love to see kids being so dedicated to work out while their young!
We've got a great Sunday Facebook fan & Twitter follower special lined up tomorrow. Show us you are a fan/follower on your phone to collect!
planted my first round of kiwi seeds and ginger roots; tickled that I'm getting new plants from the produce aisle.
Ah thanks you! I wanted to mention it in an upcoming session with education students
Music to be creative by - we set up Radio KTD on Pandora. Check out our favorite tunes. Thank you rockstar intern Victoria.
": Our Council President is pretty awesome. #trueleadership #truereform #classact cc: " He certainly is (as are you).
There`s no crown for the fisherman who caught you.
sorge texted me.. if could let Hajdin know too that would be great
Food babies make me a less lonely single puppy momma.
you've got that one thing..<U+2665>
lol melo looked like he was gonna knock him out. and is it just me or is lebrons hair line receeding for real
reminds me of nyc pod hotel
#LitQuote: "Years that are gone seem like dreams… perhaps it is better to wake up... than to remain a dupe to illusions all one's life."
OK. I just believe the whole reaction in NY has been typical NY.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one for a shoutout please
saw your latest FB pic w the 4 Bettys. Awesome!!! We should collaborate? You can be the official Vodka of
Had a fun weekend, life is moving fast and its not a bad thing
Got my hair did - pics coming soon!
me to! I'm serious, it's a must.
>>>> thats what somebody wrote on my desk
Work was ruff, but tanning was relaxing
did you receive the most recent email?
Seriously this is the sickest I've been all year. $4 in the bank. HUGE final due tomorrow. Must move this weekend. Crying.
Come to the show tonight! It will be fun. XO
I LOVE fearless people.
We won a little bit the last two nights using Ken Silver's system for Cash Five and Lotto Texas. I adapted a 6/54 system for a 5/37 game.
A: I like to think of all of our employees as patient advocates. -Peter Bernard
I cant wait until July 3rd !!!
Today is my 16th birthday and I wish would notice me for once <3
here's to the kalin and myles fans who wanna be in their new video.
What's the big deal about same sex marriage? It's LOVE, ain't it? Let them live
hey sam
????.????? #GiveMeaBreak Ima Woman Scorn So U Say Love Me..But I'm Like F?ck Love...
Winding down from a nice day working outside and playing with the kids. Beaut of a day in Seattle.
Its not "the regime" stop blaming #Assad & look at #NATO countries insurgents. not rocket science.
Post link if it is public
You can't win this battle cuz I'm supa hot boy, sweatin in the shade cuz I'm supa hot boy!!
up close and personal is both fav and least fav. Penned by joan didion...could have done w out bob redford tho
if any of you bully madison i swear you'll die tonight
Today in 1863 President Lincoln proclaimed November 26 as a national #Thanksgiving Day, to be celebrated annually at the end of the month.
Unravel the mysteries of the APA citation style - today, 4PM in LTB 2153
i think i know the answer to this already but can anyone PLEASE take me up to see lost in kostko at the roxy on june 1st? you'll have fun!
I hate when I'm laughing & my ass falls off.
Good vibes sent. “ At the ER with my mother. Send us some good vibes.”
just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island.
I think I need to go to a Packers game with a sign that says "Marry me B.J.?" =)
Thx for following!
At the First Annual Charity Polo Classic, watching out for the steaming divits. Great match!
Heading to Hong Kong and China for two weeks. An adventure to be sure!
“ “ No words can fully describe all the feelings i have for you.””
I can tell you're excited for Heat Pacers
“Tourists don’t know where they’ve been, travelers don’t know where they’re going.” – Paul Theroux
Can you honestly say you're happy with the person you see in the mirror ?
“: When I see your face I think... "Man, I need to give your parents some condoms so THAT doesn't happen again."” mirror?
#IwantSomebody that will love me forever no matter what I do wrong
I'm being reinstated as the official kids class instructor at work today, which means... a double shift! Gotta love weekends in retail.
Having to hide this from your best friends...
Vicky, what's yours?
Ready to relax
RT : We are so looking forward to it! See you at 11:30pm, Room# 1721!
The Stickers new record has been completed. Watch for a late spring release date!
I feel disconnected from the world without an instagram
haha, okay. You had me at acting classes.
Running errands
Red Rattles drop their new album 'City Dogs' tonight at the with Nashville's and Firetrucks! 9PM!
first day on twitter.. lets see wht the fuss about..
We put a gorilla on our front lawn to celebrate National Library Week.
- you ready for some shots tonight? I have a bottle of patron waiting for you tonight my friend! -
#Steampunk, what I understand, is what our world would basically look like if the steam engine was king. That's the short answer.
Yup. In a bar of Caps fans who said the last goal was cheap. I yelled out "shut up!!" (silently)
Lol okay I'll start practicing my one-liners and monotone now.
Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you more than than anything!! You're always there when I need you, & I couldn't ask for anyone better.
thanks Jim! I hope you have a great weekend!
Any of my Milwaukee friends golfers? Looking to get out for a few rounds or join a league. Might be too late for leagues.
The second guy on your right seems particularly wide-eyed as he adjusts his glasses. "How did he MISS that?"
Grape soda. So delish.
Good MORNING WORLD! Time for me to catch up on national headlines!!! <U+2665> What are you doing today???!!
I ran out of juice. Crying.
My salt shaker looks like a Dalek!
easter is when you are supposed to spend time with family... if you have one. laying in bed all day
thank you, love you too <3
When my momma makes me some good pasta, with garlic bread :}<U+2665> yumm
swimming would be so righteous right about now!
i tell her my dick cant breath so she give me CPR
Thanks, Dave. I can't get through at all.
Does he need to be? Plenty of dead weight to ditch.
The more you read the Bible the more you will love the author
breaking: youngest MN'n w/answering machine RT Rep says, "My answering machine is full of pro-stadium voice messages"
To what time?
Events DC should be ashamed of themselves for the condition of the pitch for the season opener.
Chris Gayle-5 sixes in an over? Thank GOODNESS Windies cricket moved on from such a poor excuse for a cricketer.
Chinese, Japanese, what are these? Christmas tree's
Francisco-Revilla: Mobile phones have already started to replace the personal computer
For all you job seekers out there...pay attention! Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions -...
So we're just straight wearing see-through or lace tops over bras now, Brooklyn? I'm...actually I'm fine with this and applaud your courage.
<3 When I feel weak and unpretty I know I'm beautiful and strong Because, I see myself like my mother does. <3
gonna wax my name to "Bariamis"
I'm with you. But I'd probably draw the line between "would you like to table your cards?" and "oh, here's what you're holding."
Twitter Twitter Twitter...What to tweet...
Aww my <U+2665> isn't working! Neither is my Alt+3 to create the heart symbol! Any Mac people have any suggestions?! ;-)
So pumped to be going to the home opener today!
RT : #Taurus just as you are loyal and dependable, you are very possessive & jealous if your emotional security is threatened.
That happens some times :)
yeah I know but it's hard Dime :/
You"ll end up dating him :b
We won the gold medal! Yee haw!
The dreaded musical number.
You're welcome
UF Provost's office offers seed funding/release time to create open textbooks!
Ever notice how gentleman keep their vehicles spotless while others...don't?
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at..
Let it be written, so let it be done. Garbage plates in the good ol' #ROC with this June is totally on!
Pink floyd turned up in the rental. Might blow the speakers!
People These Days,
I don't care hoe
AWE thats sweet
well played, mr. parkview.
thanks for the RT. is receiving $750K to expand healthcare for #homeless and uninsured in
RT : We wish you could have been here for the Dalai Lama, amazing peace philosophy in action
Do kids toys become adult toys once you stick them up your butt?
3 at the buzzer. Down only 4 points.
:) RT : Nba is back? Great news today. I'm so happy for all our fans and all the people who work in and around the arenas. Go mavs
Hello Jody, from Washington, DC. Home of Barack, Michelle, Malia and Sasha! You're number 1.
A4: I do have mentors and I have met all of them online through social media - some amazing women!
can i be your date to this dance?;) hehe love you .
any word why no Braun? Rest? Hurt? Feelings hurt by the boo's? Frostbite from last night?
WOW blast from the past. Bulletproof Scratch Hamsters -> Bulletproof Space Travelers. had em both
I can't get our new song out of my head.
looks like I won't know until Tues/Wed. :-(
Will be out of town during the at Drat! Such is it.
Inexplicably missing next verse, "and they shall demand a hundred forms and find some excuse to refuse every request"
Welcome to Cleveland Kyrie!!
RT : The shame of it is that ... Mourdock, has been allowed to turn statesman "into a dirty word."From HuffPost:...
Unless that advantage is clearly earned, which is why regular season scheduling must be the sport's top priority, hands down
Yes! Its been too longRT : um Amy this where u can take me:)
Have arrived in Jakarta for congress. The team on the ground here is so impressive. Going to be a great week!
#Denver #Nuggets on a 18-6 run!! Playing well since catching the #Grizzles. Nice work!!
about to get a Nexus S Google phone, finally able to have a real smart phone...goodbye blackberry.
The Clippers Lost. Woohoo!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>(Hits the Dougie) My night is complete.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
- I wonder often who actually says "woot" I see it in print and can't ever bring myself to say it...
no i think it was called talk that talk
he bodied QP.....like my dude that battle was unreal...smh.. QP McDonald's is hiring Everywhere.
I can feel my brain slowly malfunctioning. Must be time for bed.... Or time to watch another episode of merlin? #relax or #sleep ??
Everyone needs money. That's why they call it money.
Champions aren´t made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
was he jamming with deerhoof?
reruns are great. New episodes in the summer.
Updated Smart Grid Summit program now available on www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid - includes new sessions with Intel, Bluebonnet and more!
Off work today,,, i might take me out to eat
'Home Ministry wants to belittle states, treat them like pawns on chess board ... - NDTV
thanks for tickets on 88 and 117
Wonder who she gets that from?
Curious press release from MKE Co Board. Is there a reason why they omitted Sup. John Weishan? Is worried about competition?
YES, I can hear you. I just DON'T care what the hell you're saying.
Beautiful day! Sun.
im trying, ok?
Listening to the blues right now....
thanks man!
Trying out Qik on my iphone!
Don't even give me a good enough damn reason? Wow,
#Expert Search Processed: #OnlinePayment System - Theft of Funds - Lack of #DueDiligence (Contact re: Electronic Funds)
We arrive tomorrow! We'll definitely keep your suggestions in mind. Thanks!
haha do it ur not down!
My BEARS are putting on a clinic against the Falcolns... So are they the real deal or does ATL suck?
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love
Tuesday's words of wine wisdom...RT : Whenever a man is tired, wine is a great restorer of strength. ~ Homer
hey u<U+E414>
you too?!
Belated thanks to , , & for the #FF shout-outs!
Even though it quotes a tweet of mine where I spelt "cymbal" "symbol."
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
This lady behind showing OUT!!
For once I have heard cuss! Hahaha omg that was awesome xD
I can't even tell what that is. Did you take that with your Lytro, or just by accident?
Tigers back and you know what that means
Ok baby this your dick you can ride it anytime you want
thank you :)
Do you have to be Jewish to work at a challah bread factory? Jobless not Jewish.
Because it's just not the way nature intended it! :P
thanks! It is specially nice to get a compliment from someone in the know
follow please? :D
#prettyprogressive is on a hiatus for the holidays but will be back next year with all new shows!! Stay tuned for details...
that is a whole lot of talk
Got some killer designs done the past couple days! Loving it
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
north Richland hills
Watching Love it or List it on #HGTV has me thinking...if I ever marry I'm making my husband live in a separate house.
I need to clear my head, life is just too much at the moment
Watching the office hell yeah
not much. Still working in vegas. And being bored and sticking hooks in my skin.
RT : #ThingsThatIWantToHappen to live a normal life with my family in one piece.
running late, i shud be there. Late #OChi # peoplessummit
old school,nice!!!
asking for one raisin & a glass of diet water in a drive thru.
Its a beautiful day today. Hope everyone is actively enjoying it
Up now, Cooke.
Doesn't seem like it but apparently weather is bad enough to keep on this runway in the airplane for 3hours.. Arghhh
up too early im finna go back to sleep
me too(:
I'm doing pretty good. how about yourself?
In 2nd place is Hide Yer Pitch (Hide Yer Wife) - 2nite, watch
where in Texas?
's pricing strategy makes no sense to me. Why mark up in-store prices 30-45%? Don't you want customers to come in and impulse-buy?
Good Morning! Thanks for the #FF :)
slightly afraid of the vocabulary that bird is going to learn.
Finished reading The Blind Side. Thoroughly enjoyed.
thinking of you and your grandma. xo
Orioles at Blue Jays worth watching due to uniforms alone.
that's understandable...we've all been there. Just try to remember life is a gift and just live in the moment
Tell him he can start with his country's own archives. Genealogists have horror stories about trying to get dox out of Moldova.
#Raw is missing his balls
I suppose you could argue Tiger Stadium was the main reason to attend #Tigers games in the late-90s. Especially the final season.
yes I do i dated him for a month duhh
I was at the Sen. Feinstein luncheon a few months ago. You handled all the questions given to you so well! Check out our FB Page!
I'm probably going to look like shit the rest of the year. I could care less what I look like now. No need to impress you fuckers.
Checking in @ Pre Golden Globes party @ Silverspoons on Sunset. Feels like Cannes crowd w/ a little Hustler mixed in, which is x the St.
There are days when I want to rebel & say, fuck it, I'm not going to go get waxed & plucked like a chicken.
i love you please follow me!
Beautiful day out! Eating a nice sandwich n having a cafe at Mama's Deli in Corona!
The battery in my phone is piss poor. Piss. Poor.
#Greatnessis paying it forward
okay me too thanks anyway
The 20 new artists in 's #mystere fit right into the high-flying action! New trapeze and tissu acts were spectacular.
next thing I know, you're gonna want to pass on Loe vs. LHH too.
haha your name is hilarious!!!
Sunday, Oct 25, 2009, 8pm THE ART OF BLEEDING @ CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR ABNORMAL ARTS Los Angeles (North Hollywood area), CA. Live show 9p
Where are you going that they still serve food?! - Alex G.
the fact you said 12 though ahah. 'cause most mexicans do have a lot of kids. .__.
blehh haha yeah you definitely know it! :)
The zone
Wishing my pool was open-another day in the 80's!!
I love how God will give us the things we desire while using us to fulfill his purpose.
#SometimesIWonder life...will it take me under? i dont know? 'Nas voice'
The biggest jerk of them all is the Knee-Jerk, a person who react to situations hastily (usually in poor taste) with little regard.
Of course! We recommended you in our late night #FF :)
matt you have #SWAG love you, you need to do a twitcam like english time :') mi amor <3
RT Thanks for the shout out Brianna.. Get a $.99 Gentleman Jack tonight... Cheers!!
YES for the words of support! So much love!
Yes, I would expect that more balls will hit his face than his glove.
Just got watching on SportsCenter! Nicely done!
hey for the final draft of the research paper do you need to turn in your first draft too?
#WhatGetsMeMad when I don't appreciate things I have until I lose them.
haha! U kno I'm not tht friendly so I thnk most of were scared to say til now lol. (They r dumb tho...)
Wanna sleep and eat at the SAME DAMN TIME
pleasee followww ;) love your display picture;)
well then he a hoe. :-P i swear i was black in a past life LOL
Watch out conservatives! Your body is full of free "radicals" Combat a "radical" body! With 17 fruits n veggies in a pill. Tweet4info
yep, he did a great job- most of the players played very well; just a few big mistakes really hurt
The LA Kings....wow. 8-1 in the post season. Amazing forwards, but this is all a credit to Quick. Incredible.
Done deal for tomorrow :)
¤ Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive. John Sheffiel
The company was generating some leads from its website, but the bulk of customers PMG acquired came from word-of-mouth referrals
Have you visited to #OGStudio? Tell us about your experience!
I'm so tired of dis .. Better for me to be left alone..
like now!
Can't get to the gym because mom is parked behind me playing video games and wont move til she loses. It's been 45 minutes.
Well done!
I seriously would date Selena Gomez. Would she date me?
thanks for following :)
I want Bill Miller tacos this morning but I'm broke and NO FAST FOOD FOR ME. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing Humor to Reach Patients on an Emotional ...
So much fun! It's going to be a great read! <3 RT : Intervierwed by for Bloog post soon!
I've been assigned to cover Rick Perry tonight.
shut up u did
Referred to as “Border Crossing Card Violator” these individuals enter the United States migrate via illegal entry
Wow, that is quite a different story with the eggplant and no dialogue. Thanks for the link.
Happy New Year! I want to thank all of your patronage over the last year, and we look forward to making it a great 2012!
Money cars hoes sleep hoes money money money sleep money money hoes and that's my schedule lol
I'll come to your news house and burn it before you move there.
I Love You To Baby:)
Colts new quarterback is Andrew Luck even though i'd rather have Peyton Manning still here..i'm gonna be behind the Colts No Matter what
Preaching from in ipad
Lets go
FAT TUESDAY every Tuesday Join us for Fat Tuesday's @ One Up drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!
I say yes!
wow that was super corny! How is your stomach?
Hey y'all I almost forgot, the #bigmoon is tonight. and I'm not talking about my big fat ass either! #LMFAO!
Very excited to follow the networking blog. Thx for tweeting about it!
Dear Uncle Rush, My book is a unique idea....www.pythonthriller.com much appreciation.....God Bless
Oh good! Mine's been nice, relaxing, just sort of hanging out :] About to go to lunch with my 2 GreatGma's. I'm stoked. Ha :]
Ever notice how many self-proclaimed #writing gurus (screen / prose) have never been produced / published? Still want their advice?
Chicago-area home sales jumped nearly 21% in November compared with the same period last year, according to a new report...
Shii if you gas em up enough they'll fall in love and wanna keep you foreva so... a whole will be poked haha
Yea man! Yea I heard that track on Rootiful! Dope shit! That's why I asked if you wanted to be on a track/s!
who is this boyfriend Missy?
#ThingsICantLiveWithout well it's more of a person than a thing..but it's & :)
so I can have someone to yell at :)
you are a trooper! Thanks for braving the cold! You are just the person we are looking for!
stinky gringo margaritas!!!
Does anyone have an idea how many people are already using Twitter?
Using CINAHL like a pro. Thanks !
#RumorHasItThat I'm going to bed after I finish this cigarette.
Bad Apple Store experience today. Geniuses? Maybe they know their stuff, but no excuse for rotten customer service.
Im looking for songwriters
his name is lazo, n he owes me a toke up
you don't bring sand to the beach!!!
We just completed a big round of rewrites today and the script is getting closer to being production ready!
cause we all like to party
we all were jumping & screaning when peter opened the door ! LMAO ! XD
Thanks for the Sweet reTweets!!
WANT U BACK. Cher Lloyd Is Epic
Stilt Walkers, 5+ Bands, Hula Hoopers & more @ the FREE! Station North Block Party Sept 24th @ #betascape thanks to Joe Squared et al
Let's do that.
You'll be excited just to see me one day
« The Zooey Deschanel Siri commercial is a lot more inspiring if you imagine she's been blind since birth.»
Iyad Sawas, welcome to the team. We are looking forward to having your team on board.
Id say it back to u.. If u felt righteous underneath me~ if eat it like a bday cake.. Come on Kreayshawn~
and weren't you the one taking pictures on your computer of the creepers behind you haha
Love remembers us when we forget that we can do anything with it or without it, yet with it we will enjoy what we do.
Here at with answering the phones for donations for kidds kid. Call me at 1-888-SWA-KIDZ. Let's make it happen.
STAY AWAY FROM ELI BITCH!!!
I wonder if actually shook his head or if he just put that :\
Kickoff at 5pm
-I rarely tweet but im loving this Sat. in my bed; &for a big tip my stylist comes to my house.. going to get glamorous in my pajamas..
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
I've ate everything and anything this past week while I've been home. Coming back to ROC really plump...
Good point!
Hail i'm a superstar...
Happy Easter my loves!
I hear the storms coming... Be safe
we got super shy !!! Sorry ! Lol
These self-deprecating tweets brought to you this afternoon by a day full of thinking too hard about everything.
I'm 95 percent sure I can still criss cross
dont date someone who cant trust in you.
man how I have missed you Twitter.
I'm fighting for the right to party right now.
all of what he did to her he videoed on her camera and like he did the same to her as Megan and then he put her in like a barrel
thanks:-) send.a link
but guys i have a 4 day weekend.
you know it!
Teachers Texting Students: Should Schools Ban Or Encourage? - Huffington Post
Dog pellets. Fred Willard makes me think of dogs.
I'm staying up til 11 because of criminal minds... oh the things I do for this show
wen do u guys usualy restock ur iteams? i just bought NuBrilliance but it was outta stock so im wonderin wen i wil get it
lol, trying to keep a low profile for as long as I can ;)
I love Thanksgiving! I'm still getting some leftover turkey in my dog food and I am not complaining.
That is hilarious!
Hipsters are to main stream for me.
you mean my gallimaufry of words? > RT : PLEASE don't use that in your book lolol!!
in fairness, your game is predictable and one dimensional. Why wouldn't a color commentator point it out?
RE sales card in the mail today ! How does it feel? Like I'm finally working for my second business.
Thanks, will do. I can't be any other way....Adjusting to losing an excellent asst principal-he retired.
Have you made any films already? Anything we can see?
Best inning ever!
my email:
Relationships are the key to success in the social era. #magnet 11
isnt gonna follow me today, i just know it. ive tried for over 2 years now :(
Damn, you beat me to it...
These chics 12 deep at da liquor store rack.n up on drink..... they say there having a girl night at da W no guys allowed.... Haha
#Madonna's new song makes me want to plug my nose, close my mouth, and then exhale with enough force to explode my ear drums out of my face.
Saw Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Silverback Joe approves.
don't deny the truth.
that's pretty legit writing xD! were did you get that pen :O!
Loved your Lego Man post :)
is looking for a kids non-profit health org to donate our kids fitness devices, 123GoTV. Please contact us for more info.
Still life Nightclub and Ultra Lounge Grand Opening Party Saturday April 14th Doors Open at 10pm The Biggest Party in NC is Finally Back!!
just heard a little bird whisper "February First."
Nasty westbrook, just nasty.
Why do I even have draw something on my phone anymore?
lol the box is pretty much empty at this point
Here's to a good show with at
“: Eichel is a Chelmsford native. He had narrowed his choices down to BU and BC.” Kid's clearly not a fan of titles
$2.50 Burgers & $2 Beers from 4pm to close At The Goat!
Best thing about March is all the madness!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 100 <U+2764>
It was a great day one at #ABCA in Anaheim with some great Mexican food at Tortilla Joes. Table side guacamole was the best!
i officially hate first shift and it hasnt even started yet. blehh.
I wish you would just tell me.
Good fabulous morning gorgeous!
I just ordered that book from Amazon an hour ago. Weird?
it's the wrong trousers, gromit - and they've gone wrong!
you did awesome! Thanks for not messing up my graduation
hah then i think i rember u, man i wish i woulda said h, u think ur gana go to the one in nov? btw isnt chachi so short!aha
Damn , came home from work to find out the Miami heat got 20 peaced ????
You do realize the authority will not give a single fuck about you.
Damn tell me y this chick wig just came off. Now that's an embarrassing moment. Everybody in the airport got that face like WHOA!!!
what app are you using ?
Yes! RT Couldn't agree more! RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
lol. i been sober for a long time. lol. going to AA meetings and everything.
Thanks for the heads up. The link for key settings will be fixed immediately!
At the miranda concerT omg its gonna be so much fun!
I still feel as it the article crosses a MAJOR line and it attacks a race of people thru its women
When you lose something... It just means one thing: You deserve something better. :
don't you mean girl passed out in your bed?
Today I'm also looking 4 projects 2 highlight re: development/placemaking/preservation/rehabs/affordable housing in Mps/St. P. Suggestions?
I didn't receive your request at all my friend
I plan to soon!
*blushes* Thank you :)
why are you in the Wild Wild Wex?
smh @ my slick ass baby daddy
and the bad will include making your pm break out in a nervous sweat
: God did not ordain the cross of Christ and the lake of fire to communicate the insignificance of belittling his glory.
Hey Michael, I have a Java/ADF/JDeveloper position withe the State through end of Dec. Are you avail?
thanks- great team. Classy to the end.
is writing songs again. Whoohoo!!
He's so perfect? Psh never that.
We agree RT : Education is important rung in American opportunity ladder. Must work 2 keep college affordable.
Going off the grid: power is out in our 'hood, conserving cell battery. Candles, a fire in fireplace, snuggle with DH AND LM under blankets.
Help progressives win by voting for #SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech award
Anyone know where to get art supplies these days?
LOVE HAS MULTIPLE MEANINGS
Stupid cat
You're a TA right? I thought it would be fun...
how freaking cute“: Thank you, big head!!! Love you too!!! RT : happy mothers day love u”
Sometimes I watch cartoons to remind myself life doesn't have to be so serious.
Cant fall asleep watching #guycode off dvr..
Old age is nothing to worry about, except if you're a cheese
wow, I have 101 followers, thank you everyone!
Bring me a plate
m its so hot outside, my taste buds are screaming for gelato!
Except the apple was removed RT : it's like a baby's arm clutching an apple!!!
So much pink and white and chocolate candy
Do you know what I mean when I say " Mommy Meltdown"?
I am honestly scared for whats gonna happen to Cas and for the entire finale of Supernatural.....
That #foreveralone moment when your sitting in your room while is talking to here
Studio flow,,,,, real lyfe ent.... (paperwork)
BIG church group just rolled on through.
Speaking of new places to publish, download new issue to see piece from !
Lets go #Santana #Mets we aint gonna win em all but we gotta win series
thnx for the follow ...
glad to hear you are home and safe. I will make sure Jerry gets your email. Peace
Nice! I see some good stuff from !
Fantastic Follows
Season Two's Wednesday nights at is sold out! There's still space on Mondays and Tuesdays for the second season of...
Haha yup we did :p
From today, we'll tweet a recent or noteworthy addition to Academic Commons daily. Get inspired & deposit your own research!
hubby & I married on 9/27/09 too! : We met on the 27th and got married on the 27th so the 27 vases is for our special number
Way ahead of their time...
Just had a 12 hour art binge hell yea
According to it's National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. I'll be doing my part by not having sex with a teenager.
omg. I died doing 5 today in this FL heat! Ugh
Congratulations to California hockey players (DU) (SCSU) and David Gandara (AIU) on their recent college commitments
Why do people keep talking about Amber Cole!? Drop it already!!
awe my poor husband, went to get his hair cut (trimmed) took a photo w/ him & came back looking nothing like it. Cut waaayyy to short :(
S/O to my new followers & the others.... 2 lazy to put the names!
tomorrow is Record Store Day. get off your buts and go buy some records!
best of luck.
Omg, stop being a Toucan Sam stan~
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *When am I gonna stop*
Preach RT : Don't nobody want a needy ass women who don't bring shit to the Table
After watching MLB post-season today. The comebacks by Phillies and Rangers may be harbingers of things to come.
Doing homework by candle light
Ha! I *almost* rode the bus, but grabbed car keys in case speedy getaway to deliv room is needed.
What state do you live in? Also I wish my ChinaTown had kpop merchandise but sadly I can't find any :(
Marshall-ism of the Day: When you truly desire change, your conscious mind chooses the positive, new action.
At work and feeling ready to doze off...so sleepy me :(
You see the dude that owe you 100 bucks on the fight and he dont have ur money ready..... He gonna get
Wait, I have been packing. This is happening too? SUCK IT, ALL THAT IS SOULLESS, DOUCHEY AND WRONG IN BASKETBALL.
Early holiday gift from FX: the announcement that 'Justified' is returning Jan. 17. So stop swooning and toast them already!
nah i went yesterday. he did amazing as usual but the fans i wanted to hurt them all
My dad just had me on the floor laughing by those txt guess, he doesn't like the Obamas too? another inherited trait ;)
Pretty sure the runner in me has add, whenever its nice out hes like SUN, LETS GO RUN RIGHT NOW
I'm gonna go with Colombia on this one Mr Trebek.
"Deep in the meadow, under the willow. A bed of grass, a soft green pillow. Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes."
that'll look nice. Have you considered chocolate
... I do like wild life
Mr. Obama is the man.
Just wanted to name a few of my
*catches it, puts it in pocket * Goodnight
it's about time you followed me, yo. sheesh. hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving!
highly doubtful bc that ain't u
I'm hoping Cory is safe driving home right now.
Thanks girl! Post them on too if you remember the password =P
they are so annoyiin
yeah! I saw your check in on foursquare but I didn't see you. Did you love it? Everything we had was so yummy!
no D:
No prob bud just get that b day crackin!! Lol RT : aw thanks B-man! I appreciate the love!
I take too many notes <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
It's a sign Patriots are going to win the super bowl!
Sign your TEAM up now for the GREEN HILLS STREAK this coming Wednesday at 7. Winning team takes home $300!!!
Letz be honest ...BET is #Dead and it really hurts me to say such a thing
well thats not bad
My app isn't letting me see friend's paths. Anyone else having this issue?
hope you enjoy! :)
Oh man! Our super deluxe, extra special PR 3.0 with is little more than an hour away. Hope everybody can make it!
Pamala always liked my loud smile!! Think she still does! =D An awesome friend with a huge heart!!
I wont lie - that ball rolling into the logo at the end is amazing...
I wonder if there are anymore colors left to find. What if the colors that we all know arent the only ones out there?
Judging by the traffic still terrible at 9:30, I guess school started everywhere today.
More #FF for who was always Workin' For The Weekend: and especially Love 2 U all
thanks :) u rock for noticing!!
On the way, we passed signs for "test paint strips," followed by miles of aimless white and orange paint on the road
Sounds a bit like a cop out. Do we really think that with 1/4 of US kids not graduating from HS that 1/4 of parents are unfit?
Only 37 more minutes til I'm outta school ! YAY !
just got real'
You guys are hilarious!!!
what the hell is quest chat
What's the verdict on the #newtwitter? It hasn't been rolled out to me yet.
Just saw that you are headed to Miami! #Goodluck and show them SW PA guys are
Friendship is simply an excuse to love someone and never be afraid of losing them.
and also a special thanks to anyone that came out and supported me hosting at webber's last nite it was alot of fun.
We're very much with you on that one! ^BPS
sold to highest bidder.. ;)
I miss you guys so much!!!
I believe the contemporary dirty word is "socialist." It's getting plenty of airtime. Thanks for bringing back "Pinko."
Driving with and at and a black cat jumps out of no where
RT : RT : #Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity - not a threat. ~unknown
Convo w/ friend after seeing the Avengers...I feel like saving the world, but I think I'ma save my car instead. Lmbo.
I agree. Amazing!
Markets set to surge this week if progress is made in new euro bailout, & plunge at any signs of hiccups. Everything else looks irrelevant.
Hearing some kind of scary weather related stuff from the KS side of this twittersphere. Take care, Kansas friends.
Daniel Biddle & Murray Dubin, will be reading/signing TASTING FREEDOM at Phila Arch Street Meeting House, 4th & Arch, at 10am on May 17.
JEAN DUJARDIN = BEST ACTOR THE ARTIST = BEST PICTURE
Someday I'll wake up without an endless "to do" list. I don't know if I should look forward to that day, or fear it.
- hopefully the hero is a Ranger, so I'll go with Young.
Guys, guys. I'm thinking of changing my twitter avatar. I've had the moosling since I started my twitter account forever ago.
Fuck two tests today -.- at least I get out at 11
such an inspiring story!! No one is totally self-made...it's all about community. Thanks for your leadership!
If my twitter handle wasn't the greatest ever, I would be #socialpedro or #pedrosocial so fast. My twitter-long tribute to
so, Brighton is where all the cool kids spend their time?
Agreed. I'm hoping Shanty's white wine sales skyrocket that Fri too. Support local biz!
It's like give niggas in Popeyes asking for change and food ... And when you give them the change they hit it
I hate ppl who think they can beat the world. I'm not saying back down but don't be cocky af cuz u can fight. I can be but I try not to be.
Consumer spending up but probably because kids can't keep wearing the same clothes forever, tires wear out, etc. Savings rate almost 10%!
a PB party is a must then
definitely:) so when'd you get sick?
Wearing loves at my desk while I type. Guess #winter is officially here, huh #Pittsburgh?
When you're doing the hoedown throwdown and you step on an earring and it goes straight through your big toe....
: great article for young people to stop bullying! Self worth.
I'll two step to Conway and walse to the king
Yes i do have hot trackz for you.. who u working with?
Oosthuizen gets his win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from last week's Masters disappointment in perfect style with a three-shot victory
Sorry about that, we're looking into it that. Feel free to call to make your pledge 678-553-9090. Thanks you!!!
realizes his decade-long love of Yo La Tengo's "Spec bebop" is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's "Chumpy" > 420 GB til full backup
It scared the crap out of me! I'm glad your ok though :)
Very... #HighShit RT Im a Pharaoh ... so build me a pyramid of Kush and come toke to eternity with me.
If you're interested in acquiring similar furniture, I can tell you what stores I shop at. ;)
Is it legal to use CGI in advertising?
then we two go ah . I try asking khai to borrow penny
how are you away?
#teamcowboys Dallas insider says cowboys will use high draft pick on QB next season ha yalls prayers have been answered bye bye homo hahaha!
RT : #Linsanity & #Tebowmania are known nicknames. Combine them when winning championships and they will both be in
if i ever have twins, i will name them #Sopa and
You're the second person to mention him Bill! It must be epic.
This woman just thinks I know how to do and fix everything! -_-
hey! Let's connect.
Only guess I have is that it's for Dean Ambrose haha
love u too beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#ifonlyicould get to retweet or follow me my life would be complete
thanks for the welcome!
In Evansville!!! :)
one week from today...i get to hang with the Fast mothers, Tori Tollison, J.W. Williams and the Mondophonics @ Neil's Music Room on Madison!
It took three episodes, but I finally got a big laugh from Community.
I feel like baking. I think I will start perfecting my #allergyfree cookie recipes. Hmm... What should I make first...
We want to know: How is everyone's first day of school going?
#ByeByeBirdie..two things #Wisconsin does best, hunting & sports & we're going bird hunting today!! #Packers & #Brewers at Brass Monkey!!!
sounds good :) I'm starving!
#IndonesiaSavesGaga not from there but I will help trend against religious psychos
Nice drive from #Montreal now in #vermont en route to
I can't believe are coming to my town on my birthday! :) What a great bday gift! Who else is excited for the tour?!
Congrats to my man !!! Still pissed about the first round sham but least Harbaugh knows what's up
Emmys or True Blood?
God morning Tweoples! Marc has a tasty batch of chili for you at the store today!
Wow, SUPER productive weekend. Go see all the output on my facebook page, www.facebook.com/edroperphoto
follow mee please ..i love u <3
The next debate should be held in a sandbox!
haha thanks man, appreciate the sentiment. you make sure to not get into any gunfights down in texas you outlaw
Can I just be like 5 again or something?
ikr!!! What yal got up for the weekend??
Relaxing. I deserve it.
NOTE TO SELF: Do not study lines with day care kids nearby... My name is now part of every other sentence I need to say...
Holy shite, did the earth just move?
Thanks for tweeting this! Reminds me I should tweet about it too. :)
TOMORROW NIGHT at The Loft - WE CAME AS ROMANS w/ Miss May I, Of Mice & Men, + more! Doors open at 6pm! Get your tickets now! bit.ly/p0pT8C
I had the wierdest dream about brayley . haha. But her name was hannah in my dream. Lol!
Travel tip with kids: pack entire outfits in separate plastic bags. Reach into the suitacase, and everything is in one place!
new shit has been brought to life. Literally.
Last nightvRT : Wait till I get in my prime, thats the thing.
i catch myself saying things like"eeeew" "ugh" and grunting a whole lot more since the beginning or 2012.
The NFL is king. Case in point. RT : Between 10-10:30 PM ET last night, FOX says 69.0 mil viewers were watching Giants-Niners
I am not gona hope for a good day today...I am gona make SURE today is a good day!
how are you
Oh please don't! I love that pic. That smile makes me smile when I look at it. Love the colors too, and I work with tons of pics.
Dear Earthbar... I'm obsessed!! I'm hooked! ;)
Just finished a coffee catch up meeting w/ Min Chandra Banks of Ephesus Ministries. She's also a board member of the ECMC Farmers' Market.
Wait, who's Sarah Palin? This movie better not make her relevant again, because she's mostly forgotten.
Someone shld create a anti deodorant soap...!!!!
I vow to get it together and come back to my twitter fam. I've been so busy it has been hard to find the time!!
Why do I stay up so late, when I know I have to get up at 6 for school
that'd be amazing! lol I'd be laughing so hard!
Saw you, but we were both tied up in other conversations. Definitely need to reconnect. I had a good chat w/ radian6 folks too
tell those girls to cover their stomachs up! Smh!
Do you know what is going in the building across Columbia Pike from Silverado? I haven't seen a sign.
My love for you increases each year, just like the sustainable growth rate
Please welcome my friend to Twitter.
Sentence lost inside a Super PAC, answers to: “With glee they melted their gold into swords to sever any last ties to integrity.” Pl. help
Just reset password. CAPTCHA word was Fuhrer with the umlaut and all. Awkward!
lol interesting , Im not for that life of quizzes
Thanks friends!
More book recs: Simon Montefiore's Jerusalem:The Biography, The Collected Novels of Jose Saramago ($15 on Kindle), Arthur Phillips's Prague
maybe my just dance summer party game?
#SPWF was amazing, and we can't wait to attend it again.
Lately it's just been a bunch of , , and on repeat. <3
We'll be the ones dressed in Yanks gear!!
sweet great to have you in Tulsa
is still working on the website. =)
just turned on ... Is Z Bo hurt?
Howard University has an African Diaspora program, but there are many others around the country. Where did you attend school?
Kindergarten Hoe (Kindergarten cop)
Get hold of your tickets for tomorrow's showdown of WWE: RAW at Mississippi Coliseum - Call NOW: 888-493-0004
I can only hope that i have a relationship with my daughter like Ariana and her mom have.
smart ass lol
Two life lessons; Don't keep trash in your house, Don't let dirty dishes sit in your sink.
My 2¢ on the #NBA ROY voting ... Kyrie Irving won, and that was correct. So who the F cares about the other votes! No award for 2nd, 3rd
Stunt people earn their paychecks! Flying, burning, crashing and all of the above.
is as hilarious in person as they are on the internets. Check'em out if you haven't already.
The receptionist at Old Main Advising is seriously the rudest individual I've met on this campus.
“: Steak and pesto linguine will be on my menu tonight #chef #hodgeproblems” yum home cooked meal
thanks mate!!
Double XP weekend on COD.. Is it Monday yet??? lol
French Vanilla Decafe
here in Italy are the two in the morning so we'll see you tomorrow love you Hello to all!....
Someone needs to make a #downtown #Tucson #parking #app. I want it to show what's open, let me compare costs, & then guide me to it w/ GPS.
Lol, you are welcome Erin!
Happy 6th Birthday, !
I hope Coples..talk about a monster
Got a crazy carpool lady driving so deuces if and I die
Today's #vinyl buys: Misfits: S/T, Who Killed Marilyn? 45", 4 Hits From Hell 45", Evil Is As Evil Does 45"
LMAO!!! It was on Netflix! LOL. I watch all the bad movies on there lol.
We beat the King! King of what, by the way?
That'll work.
Picture Comments?I'll return the favor:) With Korbyn this weeken;). Text the celluar device
will do. Good night
You know what.? I'm so tired of your drama causing self. "Why am I always in drama fights.?!" Because you start them dumbass.!
SUPER excited for our family photo shoot tomorrow with InPhocus Photography!!.
Possible idea for #mscdeng3670 research project: Research history of the MSCD WC. Could interview Doe & Haley. Talk to me if interested.
cool cool have you started the video yet?(: cause I wanna be in the front!! But its alright if you cant do that!(:
is data base ur job? Wow why u don't watch tv? lol I'm from USA Illinois.
: Great! We'll check it out. Thanks!
Metta World Peace and Kobe told the team that if they got eliminated then they were gonna cane them while their family watched.lol
I am so jealous of you right now.
Wish I could be at the #LTYMshow DC today. Such an amazing group of women.
To the people at Overture Center who insist on applauding for Itzhak Perlman between movements: stop it. Wait for the violin to come down.
for true. But we the people are the beneficiaries.
New Single coming out soon!!! Happy Birthday by Bring Me The Bullet,look for it on YouTube :)
Im just upset her skinny jeans are pul over her bigg ass Ugg boots >.<
I know you are my best friend but if you fall I will laugh
You're right. I was referring to the other skills fundraising, PR, etc. RT : Prog mgmt is a skill!
#Applebees is THE BEST but i can never decide what to order. What did you eat Eric?
Dont wait til its too late to tell someone you love them. Bcause when they're gone, no matter how loud you shout & cry, they wont hear.
If your plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay cool.
I fuckin hate taxi cabs
Can't wait to see & May 24th in Fresno! >.<
RT : Thank you to everyone who's supporting ! It's a beautiful night in Detroit.
If you can't figure out your life purpose, your purpose is to be my personal slave. That resonates with you, doesn't it? Yeah... same here.
I'm playing Mass Effect, saving the galaxy from extinction. Puts things in perspective... RT : I'm watching Freaks and Geeks.
Good morning friends. We're sorting through today's Daily Deals looking for the best ones. Look for a blog later today! :)
Add Snakeaveli Da Don to your Facebook
"The tendency to 'see things precisely in black and white terms [was] the great American temptation.'"--James Forrestal (in 'The Wise Men')
thank you :)
Studio this weekend im getting better and better cant wait til yall hear wait I been working on
Love Twitter Tuesday! We are partnering with Metro LA on an Expo Line public art project.
let me know when!!
Make sure you submit your questions to the Sporting Explore app. You get bonus points for having a question chosen!
seems just right to me
Ali Akbar Khan......
Thanks ! Amazing deals with week. I only spent $17.20 on $47.78 worth of household items!
Who's number is everyone trying to get and tweeting about ?
How can you see ratings of charities? Try out (www.charitynavigator.org) & (www.charitywatch.org).
*Still waiting* y'all a bunch of hood rats.
Great new addition!
found some cassette tapes today; don't think I have anything to play them! :)
That's about what I do a wk, but you swim too! That's pretty sweet.
Illinois contractors, there is nothing worse than those bottom feeders.
RT : Show some love and check it out RT : SELECT 2012 opens this Saturday! February 11,6-8pm! FREE! Details:...
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, 9th...
well hey there cutie :)
@ this awesome party!
my bed is ready
On way to LAX for early AM flight to Roanoke, VA for Gender, Bodies & Technology conference w/ and
nice compromise :-)
Thanks dude! Ok I will as soon as I get off work at 2 today :)
Now quick shower then work!
Better results: take lots of surveys yourself to learn about respondent experience & what makes a good survey
Everything applies to MLB The Show!
Same to you!
Appreciate your blog flattery about our fire screens (remember the butterfly table and mirror, too!)
We're talking about favorite Ohio vacation/R&R spots. What's yours?
Haha! You're very interesting.
can you follow me ?(:
At least we're learning something ? Ha yeah , no -.-
this class sucks dick two hours of hell but at least there was no quiz and hopefully we will get out early
waiting for you outside table!
I won some battle of the bands contest here 3 years in a row
that's how you gotta be homie ! haha
Working now on Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (aka Bringin' on the Funk!) (Stevie Wonder, Earth Wind & Fire and a 'little' disco) yep..disco
Now who's FUNNY? You're a HOOT! =D RT Thats true....even the threat of time outs and u are not quiet!
I don't know how to do half of it and I can't find it in the book
Time for some #yoga by then doing my running around
#FF The greatest, freshest mexican food in Pittsburgh. Homemade ice cream too!!
About to reset my phone, again, hopefully that'll fix it. If not, time for a new phone. Androids don't like it when you download porn.
this is amazing, thank you. this, like, closes the dossier, the file is now closed.
he should change his name again to "Ronald R. A. Lincoln"... LOL:) does he think this helps him..NOT!!!
Shop for one of a kind Fashion that no one else is wearing: Indie Fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
How I Met Your Mother >>>
I know right?? I'll have more fun then you will :) lol
I hate the P word and thats all i see on my TL ugh!!
i'm trying... Just couldn't find time lang coz I have two diff. set of day-off, it sucks tho. :( aw We're same :(
we have made some updates to our API, let us know if any of your calls don't work and we'll assist you with the changes
Doing devotional at church council <<<
I think I should spend the day speaking in Nadsat in an effort to confuse the L7's. Nerds will be impressed by my fluency.
So glad your son liked Bigfoot. He's not so bad once you get used to him!
I'd start there to pull him towards me with my right finger, while my left hand traces up his left arm to that vein only to
Yes! Same to you! Glad you could make it out I'll be sure to get to a MKESMC event soon :)
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street drama based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now. Check out my blog.
what was your favorite grammy act?
You're just the best role model ever.
Worthy students getting a fair rate to attend college in the state they have basically grown up in...CO legislators are a joke
where are you interning?
depends on what the evidence is and how it fits with everything else.
Ha, sounds good!
I'm addicted to my phone n its sad I fb tweet n instagram before bed lol n same thing wen I wake up
emoji is the fastest way to a girls heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
Merry christmas happy hannikuh and there's like 2 more but idk yeah!:)
Guess I'll just watch America's Next Top Model reruns
In the dumbest things Skip Bayless has ever said, a new statement is on the list. "Tony Paker has a much better jump shot than Chris Paul."
On the air by tornado season.
Reading 'Switched' by Amanda Hocking. Yes, it's for work. Trolls!
Not a cute look...
Design mtg this afternoon.. "There is a thought that stops thought. That is the only thought that ought to be stopped…" - Chesterton
OMG, we should so be hangin out together!
When you can be either brilliant or pleasant, choose pleasant.
Among other things, I'm going to work on programmatically assigning DOIs to some of the Seminary older 19th century journals
Posted so far on Mon. 89 cappers with action tonight and 5 consensus from their picks so far and more to come.
i could ski down those all day
Second best line: My wife says to me..."the model is wearing a $6000 dress" me: "I'm wearing like $20"
Put the broom away?
Don't have my phone. :(
mmhmm won't be curable by then!
": S/O To My Cute New Follower Wessuh!!! .."- hey sweetie :) & thank u for the follow.
no it's naahht weird, out of town =
you are rlly pretty!:) and I hope he follows u<3
Hello! We use the shipping info of our winners to send our winners their prizes!
dang I kno auntie bout had a fit
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
Proud to support Mayor's proposal for bldg smoking policies. Prospective renters & buyers deserve full disclosure to make informed decisions
yes i am able to connect to espn and twitter
Happy birthday to Sonny Liston! Though he didn't know his exact bday, he settled on May 8, 1932.
I guess the people from Henderson county just don't like me.
: A very impressive beginning! Carole DeSanti is a master of words.
Welp, I found out who unfollowed me... That bitch.
Check out The best ppt to iPad tool out there.
This too shall pass. Probably those solar flares. Something big wants you to change
Taking from Boston to DC for meetings with and Love the train.
Gambino is a mastermind fuck a bitch just to kill time <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
West Brook Better Then CP !
I wish I was with you both! Have fun! Come to L.A.!!!! You make it so much better here! :)
To guy outside library in the middle of nowhere: "The library's closed." "Really? That's gay." "You win this time..."
Oh hey there lady...
I've read the scriptures a few times, but I'm amazed at how many new things I still find as I've begun rereading them again.
please give a hug for me to ur family!!!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!......
true that. I've been worried since like Wednesday.
word! I'll keep ya posted :)
Either you have the upper hand or it's got the upper hand on you.
Do Johnny Depp and Madonna have the same dialect coach? That's effing weird. They sound so European, don't they?
Well then, ask!
Ron won't shout it from the rooftops so I will. Second Place in the Iowa Straw Poll goes to Dr. Ron Paul! Vote in 2012! #vote #Ron Paul
RT IF YOU THINK TWITTER IS ADDICTIVE!
Welcome to dagnomusic!
Thanks! Sometimes change is a good thing...
cuz i wouldnt tell him but i told him and he said he doesnt want her i said ok then he said alright boo then my friend
Never #regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience ~Victoria Holt
Stay tuned!!
We just completed our 450th Salesforce.com implementation this week.
this has been one stressful ass day
finally DONE with calculus!! I'm so excited and relieved!! :D
We couldn't be happier to have support our May 20 festival. With their support our festival will be one you won't want to miss
gonna do a little singin' now... these songs are very close, & this one wants a double. i think.. let's see
who agrees should Ustream?! RT if u do!!!
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
We have a lot of very wide windows, I'm still having trouble breathing after measuring. Holy moly. Just totally blown away.
did Austin viles dad pass away
Ive had 2 much exercise today...
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 7, Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft ... - PCWorld (blog)
I love you and i hope you feel better!! Im soo sorry about your loss!! :( #Staystong!! I here for you if you need me!<3
RT : #crossroadsclassic fans stop by Emmis on circle & support bellringers & as they go for 60 hours
Thanks! You're back!
RT If you write a memoir, make sure you write Barack Obama into it before he does it himself.
Young Wild &
We're an oasis in the middle of the shopping craziness. Come have lunch or dinner with us at the Grossmont Center.
Y wait win I cld go get it!
Won't be the same. But he will be back!!
Lebron missed one of those games and another was a coin flip on a iffy Miller foul. Team results arent everything
Just too much time to make up for Nary and Jamie. At least that teacher lie worked a treat.
Yes. On how to write a good call to action landing page. I use this information to many of my Hispanic clients.. :)
And the award for wearing the best dresses on HOP goes to.... :)
Thats a good attitude. Now put it into practice. Nobody can hurt your feelings without your consent.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for my Dad tonight. Sold Out, Good times!
These unique names all belong to beans, of heirloom varieties.
worst that can happen is I bleed on you
Good Job Lawrence. #education is the way out of
"Baby you light up my world like nobody else. The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed" yeah, they so wrote that about Bieber.
Does anyone have the HTC Eris? That's a phone I'm thinking about getting to replace my blackberry storm
HAHAHAHAHHAAHA now where's Mrs. Brady? He can date her. xD
#5BestSmells New Car smell, chocolate chip cookies in the oven, anything on the grill, laundry, and A&F Fierce for men :)
Jeremy Lin is good. Amazing story. Media is trying to get too cute with all the nicknames. #espn headline was inevitable.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ... ;)
WOW you are a busy bee!
I think you could greatly benefit your company by getting a small ad on TheRuthieList
Remember & act on the pivotal moments in your life that change you. Those lessons lost are as if you lost a piece of yourself.-Zach Marcy
Today is just one of them days.
I didn't get what that meant until just now lolz! I am now finally on there however, I'm still not sure what I'm doing :)
congrats! Miss you kids.
Edited a bunch of resumes and a cool looking cover letter and am going out to print them today. Gotta get work NOW! I want to work!!!
#martiansVSgoblins The Fresh West
Enjoying the heck out of my Port St Lucie writing session...
yep. Have to think it will get better eventually, but vice versa for the pitching...
HoeLies #64: I love that song.
u might not want her to do that cause ur gonna be sad when she says ME cause IM her bestfriendd (: right (:
Snickers #sb45 ad:out with the old (Ms. Betty White), in with the slightly less old (Richard Lewis&Rosanne Barr)
Keyshawn got bars at rapping tho lmao ... i got double cheese waffles in my pocket - Key 40
funny, my parents/teachers are expecting me to keep up in school. more important things.
The admiral took hold of Mark's left hand and kissed his forehead.His baby-face good looks that he had inherited from his mother was intact.
Sounds fair to me
y'all throwing curve balls tonight. Who's the dead chic if his wife standing next to him.
I love rock,pop,r&b,rap and all sorts of music<3
FOLLOW ONLY
re: WBAL Radio/TV websites, WBAL-TV is part of Hearst Television, which owns 29 TV stations, and only 2 radio stations....
Hi Sally! Would you be interested in coming to Mke?
Happy Saturday! It's raining but I've got to get on my grind. Time waits for no one. Peace & Love...
CDC: Transfer policies have generally resulted in increased #s of juvs arrested for subsequent crimes including violent crimes
So...I'm sore from doing the mile yesterday...that's sad, I need to get in shape again. -.-
you and me BOTH! (and many more of us!)
It's so frustrating. Thanks so much for the reminder about science fair! :) Ugh! (2 of them this year!)
Tell me you love me
The less you care, the happier you'll be.
Recent move to the heart of uptown. Any cool ideas for a winter open house extravaganza? I welcome ideas! (@ Remax Results)
no doubt!
Izzy Call me and tell me it?? OMG THE CRAYON SONG!!
Yes indeed. We love our local distillers!
Google + looks very promising. Taking the plunge.
one dude you dont wanna mess with...Rambo!
Most of the time I just don't get it.
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY ONLY* All TANS on SALE, Mystic tans 2 for $39.99 or 5 for $75; HT60 $10/each; HY $11/each and HP $12/each.
Usher concert @ 6am... And it's about an hour commute.. & I'll need A LOT of time to get ready..
<3 Awe Mr. Chubby How Many Times Did I Tell You Bout Gettin On The Pc When Alexa Is Alleep? lol Love you(:
I fuck traffic in the ass
Q. Which business headquartered in the Bay Area has the largest number of employees, over 100,000? Answer SAFEWAY
Students volunteered at Feeding America yesterday, and wait for it...HAD FUN! Great job packing food for the community!
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. Tennyson, Alfred Lord
I'm real picky when it comes to girls eyebrows , I can't be talkin to someone with two dark ass lines in the middle of their forehead
Thanks for the info... I will be in attendance...
I don't think I know stuff why u calling me miss know it all but to be quite honest I know enough to have been one to fall while I ball:p?eh
Man, I was too tired last night. Hopefully, you guys had fun.
it's albus bitch
#ScientificFact Chinese food tastes better with chop sticks
Breath deeply
You know exactly what I'm talking about. #youaintslick !
I get busy.. I make your head dizzy
I had that issue too, check your settings and then go to apps. That's how I fixed mine. Other than that how are you?
So true! RT : #Nutrition tip RT Your kids are watching what you DO and paying attention less to what you say.
Ok "guys" would yuh brake up with your girl cuz yu called her at 3 in da morning n she waz sleeping so she couldent pick up? (wat yuh think)
Try pairing our fennel and salmon salad with a Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour for a TON of great flavor…
so am I but where did spring go
Wolves game tonight determines playoff beard life.
Waitin on stupid to get here
That is how good things happen. One Goal. Same Page.RT : ONE. GOAL.
She led the rustler to Dark Cavern's edge. His boot slipped, dislodging a small boulder and as it hit rock bottom his heart boomed
Wishin my brother a HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY!!! You're finally legal lol! Love ya!
RT A fulfilling healthy life requires balance with a good diet, regular exercise and quality supplements.
ALERT: HANDLEBAR MOUSTACHE SPOTTED IN CHICAGO LOOP. DAMSELS, STEER CLEAR OF RAILROAD TRACKS.
"You must do all the things you think you cannot do." -Eleanor Roosevelt
The benefit of showering alone is that your man doesn't pounce on you when you drop the soap. Also the drawback.
Congrats to and my boy for making the roster!
Pretty girl w/ ugly feet = turn off
this is my 200th tweet. I take the chance to thank you for everything you have taught me
On it!
All of your tweets are making me thirsty!
If you had one wish we are pretty sure it would be $5 Falafels from 11am - 4pm? Right? Right?
. more people of color? What does The Speaker think? Must be proud!
Appreciate the cutoff man.
Conservatives are so concerned with the sanctity of marriage when the Kardashian marriage showed a total of a whopping 72 days.
I don't think you meant this for me.
NFL moves to suspend the Pro Bowl??! Guess the football Gods found it boring and ridiculous as we did.
THe shit that we be fighting over b so irrelevant...
Morgan better hitter but Gomez with his defense will finish better.
Sweet I'm going to try it out! cc
I see a lady in a shirt @ the game on TV.
Oh tonight they announced the big winner. Do you want me to spoil it for you??
Love can fade, but it cant die
Niall and Demi <3 Nemi! You guys really need to go out! <3 Do it for us!
If it's on #bravo then I'm probably going to watch it.
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Ready Whip toppin'.
I'm doing great, school, work, gf, and learning to dj.. keeping myself busy :)
I must be missing something. What's the problem? Just cuz I chose the radio edit?
All gibberish to me. Something to do with TV?
All right #knicks my only non Pittsburgh team beat the heat!
I never thought of it as a poem. I thought of it as lines that just didn't happen to go all the way across the page.-E.L.Doctorow
Do you have taralli? Craving it after reading Anne's fb posts!": Fresh boule just in to both shops from bread!
not doing shit. We're just messing around right now lol
The Program is great, I love it!
Remember when Tiger Woods was good at golf
Thanks to , and for the shout outs! <3
I doubt theyre showing a preview ....
thanks again!! Spread the word for us :)
LOL. YES SIR!
too bad his children are too old to think he's super cool for hanging out with Elmo. (Or maybe they're not?)
If you love the olympics, follow this guy RT almost to 400 tweets and 400 followers! moving up in the world! :P
Isn't all reading is interactive?
I'm class I hate smart substitutes u a sub for a reason u don't know nothing nor and u teach
happy easter to the bitches that unfollowed me.
awesome!! Ready for your trunk sale this weekend?! :)
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
Numerous treks to Maastricht when I was in the service (79-83), was stationed in Bruxelles. Grew up in RI, but lived in...
#CGMD12 in the sandbox find me
A nice round of applause for the reading. The audience is vigorously wrigthing their feedback.
you're in Florida? Where at?!
I am in early to be on at 8:00 am!
Mike Vick not as good as everyone thinks, but he the smartest man in fball. 100 mil to a scrambling qb over 30?! Good for him
I owned the California drivers test.
Keep it up #UK!!
good morning all.. HAPPY SUNDAY
No way. Never liked Entourage.
OMG now I get to listen to this ghetto rap crap the whole ride home
how long have you worked there?
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
Yes ma'am! RT : Ugh, bitch GTFO!
I really wish I didn't care how I looked al the time.
If your gonna complain, just go back to Facebook.
Headed to Texas for #AMASupercross! Good luck to the team!
tomorrow is the day i take the biggest exam. *correction tomorrow is the day i die.
who what
Your'e got 5 seconds left Do You Belive In Miracles YES
Over/Under on saying "where's my phone" is 20 today.
Learned a ton from while at
probably SOAP RememberTrust
if we speak will listen? we want our voice heard!
My all time favorite Sheldon scene: "I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy..With a healthy ovum I can make my own Leonard Nimoy"
AZ :) .I got a new number also I will dm u that and hopefully my dm is working now ha
Everyone is a rush to ask when is the next party but never hey I will throw in next time except for my broskie in P.H.A,N Crew !
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Clinton says ... - KHQ Right Now
You can borrow an umbrella from us if you want! RT : Oh how I love the rain ^.^
Crazy night. Martin kids? Y'all know how to party
support live music this weekend: Bryan Cole, solo acoustic at DiSalvo's in Latrobe, PA. Doug Briney at Lonestar Steakhouse, Anchorage, AK.
Yup. Dancing. Fuck with me
I'm looking forward to it!
Today, it's the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Yes! Thank you!
was it you on omegle last month when you were in LA? Me and my friends were "talking to you" but follow me to?! :D <3 xx
the Yongmasan subway exit announcement you sent me just came up on itunes' shuffle. hahaha.
i love getting a notification from u at midnight saying its ur turn on words against emily lol
I'm bored at work
Hey #Brewers. Are we gonna score once or twice sometime today or what? It's the #Astros!
yeah for sure
We are in high school right? Why do we still have rolling backpacks?
Tonight only! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "CrossFit 215". *Dine in only*
Ya, SD is pretty amazing. I'd like to relocate there if the proper situation presented itself. Who knows :)
Not looking forward to work today.
I wanna see melendez vs josh 3 I'm a huge fan of both! But josh showed the. First time what he can do when he's healthy!
I still love Rolling in the Deep.
Just had left over turkey, now its time to relax and watch some of the ncaaf games.
Hey stop talking over the presidents speech. Rather here him than your commentary. Thanks.
“: Where do I sign up to run for Mayor?” the man!! lol
Students need their A-level results before they apply for university: Why scrap the plan to let pupils get their..
nope , i will never serve Bud or Bud Light.
Larry gave me a congrats card with a lottery ticket. I can never leave GT :D If I win, buying a condo for us.
Know anyone who needs a website overhaul or a new website? Send them my way and I'll give you $100 for any successful referrals!
Who Ever Said "There Are No Stupid" Questions Obviously Never Worked In "Customer Service…"
You gotta watch in Mr. Sunshine.... AWESOME new show!!!
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music illegally, I hope they split us up by music genres.
be safe brother
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
Fast-growing follower list: Yep, Ryan's wife.
having just returned from conf let me add #tripleSIGH wtf happened 2 academia (altho I did hear some great papers)
On 10% have to charge for a little -.-
thank you. It's my favorite part too.
That was the first time I laughed all night. RT Great Super Tuesday crack about GOP hopefuls.
why tf do we have school IDs ?
Live without regrets.
Hell of a game! Dallas destroys Miami!
Good morning America... Coffee ready?
What...The..FUCK
I'm so mad at my band teacher...the only reason I'm in it is because of high school. <U+E042><U+E041><U+E40E>
going to the noblesville vs. avon boys basketball game tonight.... anyone else out there going?
Sounds like fun!
RT : Sunday at 3:30 pm at the convention center; would love to see you! #SXSW // I hope to be there!
I lost my creekstomping pictures as well, not good :-(
Also standardized tests are very effective at measuring the SES of students and schools.
nothing to be sorry about, have fun with that ;)
Thanks much for the RT! :D
Happy birthday mommy:)
Dear , may I DM you about some possible advice-givin'?
lmao!! I KNOW i ami wonder if i still smell like my moms wagina on the top of my scalp haha
DC Demonstration For justice for Travon Martin. What's the latest in the case? reports live on News4 tonight at 6
German speakers: what does the idiom about brushing your teeth "von Rot nach Weiss" mean? Is the red the gums and the white the teeth? - DvL
I've often thought "why are many tomes on ldrshp rooted in warfare?
Rehab Is for Quitters
I need to get my priorities in check.
RT : At T.G.I. Friday's with the ladies <U+263A>
Thanks! Alas, I don't update my blog enough. Better to "follow" my LA Times column by signing up on my site for newsletter.
The day she'll have me blush, is the same day a chick wit a phat ass in my face is giving me a lap dance <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Common's new album ... Wow, most moving album I've heard from him in a long time. BRAVO!
Picture me rollin. --stone to Jesus' tomb
Glad to hear it!
i remeber i always use to be on tinychat :D
Today's #Tech Tip: Coupons and discounts great call to action tools for email newsletters.
that's so crazy! I'm so happy for you! You're gonna be a great momma!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> I'll have to see him when I visit!
TY for all the RT's :)
Have a fabulicious birthday bella! Hope you get all you wished for and more.Can't wait to meet you in Staten Island. XOXO
Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened <U+2665>
Holy crap that's funny!
Huge win for the tonight in Seattle! Way to go and the rest of the Tribe!! Awesome hit by Wow!!
Restarting my Rosetta Stone classes for Spanish today. Oh this should be interesting!
anytime! Betty is such a neat lady. You're right in that she looks friendly. She has a beautiful soul. :)
aw, next week then! You'll be greatly missed.
Truthfully...The ONLY Reason I'm Tweetin' So Much Is To Keep Me Occupied Until I Go See Avengers
8 more to go
Fancy passes like Gasol's are really fun to watch, but I feel like they put unnecessary pressure on the guy getting assisted to to convert.
69 is the only dinner for two.
He doesn't tally up penalties! He scores goals naturally! CR7
Will do. I'm Kaylee btw but people call me Kay for short. :)
shyt ; i gotta pee ! & i'm on the bus + i gotta go get my car augh !
where the fuck did u come from ? It isn't your convo either so stfu ..
ha! that is my newest, biggest pet peeve.
Could really go for some of Dad's homemade chicken soup right now.
Where are you hiding? I'm on 5th Floor in Mount Diablo.
I knew you would say something lol
The patio expansion is finally getting painted and it looks awesome!
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
People watching is a national pastime.
I'm so happy that #the artist won! It truly is the best movie of 2012 so far and deserves the #Oscar!
how was lunch at Potomac's ?
johnwright238 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Listening now to Pärt's Berliner Mass. Interesting how Pärt's minimalist style evokes here so strongly medieval polyphony.
Statistically verified: Best. State. Ever. MT P would like to thank WI for being more willing to answer polls than anyone else
Noticing a few of those in traditional media who I loved to follow on Twitter and FB are slowly vanishing from digital space.
The canton bocce league starts tonight!! $1.50 miller lite drafts and $6 pitchers at Looneys after the game!
Good luck to all the RA Candidates this weekend! Just be yourself and have fun!
THE SING-OFF's featuring our very own joined Sara Bareilles in concert last night in Nashville! Were you there?
I know it was supposed to be a gag gift, but the nose trimmer my stepmom got me actually can solve a variety of problems.
Take short showers instead of baths.
Wen I was lil my football coach use to say I have hands like R Moss. I said NO I have hands like Donald Driver!
we just got 2 books in the mail to go along with our dental hygiene lesson, so we read those.
GRAVE MERCY by Robin LaFevers. I have a few historical/linguistic quibbles, but overall it's really quite good.
Met with Isagenix colleague today. Joining the IsaDerby. Can't wait to see our team's progress!
I reflect today by moving forward. I will honor the victims of 9/11 and pray for healing in the NY/NJ/CT families. NEVER FORGET. LET'S ROLL!
At the dentist...fun about to get some gas
I'm not up there. How do I fix that? Oh and I'm emailing you tomorrow...I have an NYC update! :)
I actually liked it more than I thought I would! It's more Bachelor than HG...I could send it to you, if you are interested.
I don't run for "fun". If I run past you, you're going to want to catch up because something bad is chasing me.
"if you drink beer, and you're a band? we're gonna be fuckin tight friends" - Fieldy RIP old
You've gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything.
That's so right. People make a complacent mistake when they think struggle is only in the past. We are living history now.
I am determind to have #NIWL shirt.
thanks for the follow ,) J Armani
23 hours to vacation. Not that I'm keeping track or anything.
going to try to follow all the Mahomies on twitter, might take awhile :P
Its hard to walk when your dick is taped to your leg.
Allow yourself to get upset by some downturns but remind yourself to pull yourself together
thanks for the follow!
go ahead and make fun, but I think Lady Gaga is pretty rad. Frank's got my back!
thanks. will let you know. still in early brainstorming phase.
love it
I wonder if I can marry Tupac's hologram?
Can't believe we are already in week 5 of Spring season. Plans are in the works for Summer. Then fall. Then Merry Christmas.
I didn't say it was cool or particularly good, but it's a fact that it's now popular
Stop trying to stay in the picture if you're not needed.
Now you really are just somebody that I used to know.
Campaign Finances Georgia Envisions Instant City Room: Wall St. Protesters Mock Cease-Fire Observers in?
If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon
Good first period in Tampa. leads 2-1. still very much in this game.
#iWillNeverTrust any man, because men are evil at heart
r u offended?
Jo Maxi - a cab. ex. I think you’re pretty bollixed. I’m calling you a Jo Maxi!
was a good one! Waiting for it to get cold and windy enough to do some more meaningful temp tests!
The knicks is linning right now
Picking up the phone and calling a competitor is awesome.
There goes Barnes
Let's go Bucky!
i love that!!
MAN ROC IS SO HOT HE IS JUST GOREGOUS I LOVE HIM HE JUST SO WOO I LUV MB
#AfricanGuyProblems RT Why is serge ibakas lips always glistening?
Bishop Gorman gym filled with coaches. San Francisco's Rex Walters, Harvard's Tommy Amaker, UNLV's Dave Rose among the head coaches here now
RT : Steveston Farmers’ and Artisans’ Market this weekend: Fill your fridges with yummy fresh Farmers Market food an......
Comedy and music is the PERFECT combination!
Night all x
Happy I got to wish happy birthday in person and happy to be returning to #wellfleet with , and Amy!
You honestly don't think so?
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Don't worry,Sean. Super Mario will help Tebow!
wish you were there...don't worry, there will be more for you to come and see!
glad you're joining us! Are you contributing your points towards a #genealogy society?
Haha I've had my twitter for almost 3 1/2 years now! Most are @ replies :)
just a few minutes now.....
#HappyEaster to all
I wish I wasn't lazy yesterday and had gone for my run. Now I have to do it this morning, but I don't want to. Ok, I'm going!
I 2nd that! This season is CRAZY, and I l-o-v-e it!
come & get me you bitchfaceasian.
are you at PSU?
Morris Day is coming back to -- maybe I can reprise my role as a lead backup dancer.
I have no idea what's going on.
Have an exit strategy for cloud computing. Strategy to find another cloud provider
Reggaeton was on and noone danced? -.-
I want to go get in a pool
i cant believe you would say that hubby !! you know better than that you know i wouldnt cheat on you :-)
Hey , how do I get verified?
I swear people need oscars now and days the way they playin roles
#ronpaul time to take care of home, not abroad!
shout out to my fav follower ya follow him
We need a #comeback “: Hip hop is so down right now.. something needs to change.”
with our wonkiest tweet yet. Nice work, Alyson.
kay I added you ^^ lol
Planes are Soo loud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
you're lame now beat it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
no problem boss
Downloaded Pandora yesterday..
One telecon down, one to go.
RT ikno : said i dont kno a wat's but when i see him ill tell him you said sup lmao
u are doing a program?! That is awesome!
I sense the Spurs SLOWLY turning it on, but for cryin out loud stay on your man
I. Am. Encoding. Film. (like, for the 5 billionth time already.)
its a big deal in Iowa.
Duh RT : It's seems like being tipsy, and being in a airport go hand in hand, pilots have the right idea...
you should def check miss pixies when you get a chance...they had a ton of stuff...you might find what you're looking for
Me: into cultural politics of urban renewal. You: into anything with which we can cobble together a panel. DM if interested.
Aye! Down 10lbs in just 3 weeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Abs comin in legs and arms toning up! I'm feelin GOD!!
I'm home from school sick today :/ If you follow me I'm sure I will feel much better(:
Hitting up against the mindset of pure developers is a bit frustrating even if you can speak the language
Savage U is trending! i just watched it, i like, i like.
not a dumb question. Ed.D is more focused on practice and Ph.D. is more focused on research in education.
Umffff .. now that boy is the definition of sex.
free online
cuzzo is so protective!! Like the big brother I never had!
maybe I should have pointed out oxycontin is #vegan? lord knows #ElRushbo eats that shit like candy
Come shop & help those in need - all Thrift Shop proceeds stay local to benefit community!
Get Austin Mahone Verified why isnt it trending yett!!!!!!
It's the remix ignition
Ha! I got that too... I remember that stop on your SxSW tour in 2009 tho. MuthaTruckas need to update & archive their blogs.
Thought my twitter acct needed a background change for #SDSUmonth and #marchmadness. Go Aztecs!
Thanks for hosting us! Proceeds tonight go directly to the CPS teachers who are performing!
Listening to the MEH Greenewalt musical finding aids
RT : where is I'm tryna get this day drink poppin < the crib bro leggo
Yes thats what I figured. Thanks Liam, I appreciate your time. If I'm out of the office by the time you send, I will respond Mon.
FREE 2 hour workshop for teens and their moms Mon, April 4th, 7-9pm in the BAY AREA. For registration email
we have to stay another night :(
RT : Dana Gioia is now one of my favorite people, and I don't even read poetry... props #uscwc#
OMG I KNOW. he said he was gonna follow me. he didnt though WHHYWHWYHWYWHWYWH WJITHGRDUSJVFGSR
Maybe it's not always about trying to fix something broken. Maybe It's about starting over and creating something better
Smith: noted life sciences depts were impacted by increased enrollment, tells students to speak up to notify depts to up sections.
IT'S TIME TO DRANK
Dealery aggregates daily deals from numerous group deal sites in one place,dealery.com & many other cities
That's like me and technology. In other news- your avatar is fab.
RT {via } Newspapers are like the iPad...but with paper. #prsms :)
Still sitting on the tarmac, waiting to de-ice...grrrrr
I need a developer. I'm and idea person and want apps developed.
RT : "...Just like a prayer, You voice can take me there..."
hoping you get all the guys in the booth on here, tell Lou and sing never too old to get with the times
Can't believe I graduate from college in seven days! So sad John won't be here! Don't take things for granted!
Man...Barnes finally comes too life up in here 2nd half UNC will mk a big run
Bizarre, but I think being introverted helps. Working w/ kids is taxing, but not like working w/ adults. Hats off to you too!
is feeling a bit nervy about going back to work tomorrow.
Follow bck Bro
Thank you for sending the message about my campaign with these awesome shirts. The Grand Opening of All In One Boutique = BEST
followed c:
Interesting throughline relating to the disruption of the black/queer/beautiful image in HR roundtable.
#thekidslikeme that only have beats solos cause our parents don't just buy shit for us
Im surprised , I havnt tweeted all day ^.^ !!
Can't believe Lord Grantham is falling for Thomas' BS.
Yes We Do
Couch sale -- TODAY ONLY!!! 30% off all couches! Help us make space for new merchandise!
RT #ireallywant to be able to control my temper at times :\ my bad . . #Scorpio ««omg yes!!!!! Smh...
I got to spin & don't feel like paying $10 for 3 people to see Jiggly. Lol oh well I'll use $15 to pretend I met her and buy me a pitcher
4 hours to finish my paper, pack, and gtfo wehh not ready to leave
RT President Obama: "I don’t care how many ways you try to explain it: Corporations aren’t people. People are people."
i hope i have a good freaking dream tonight.
Can't wait for nice weather on Friday
It's good to be a Yankees fan. Indeed.
late night I get sappy. I say things on text/twitter that is so girlie. In the morning I regret it,like drunk dialing only hormonal dialing.
is there an actual store? Or is it all online
Still thinks its Karma for banning Prospace.
The life of a culture vulture / eco-head isn't easy: Kettner Nights, a concert, Energy Day, Prius Club, Arts Open, Brazilian Day San Diego.
More jokes like this "Gay people should have the right to be miserable like the rest of us." Makes me laugh so hard I pee my and your pants
The Dark Side of Reality - Part I by femmeflashpoint
2 things I'll never pay for: Sex and Office Supplies.
I'm blessed
Article pages coming soon on AnatomyNow.com! We want to know what you would like to read about. Tweet a reply. Medicine news? Tips? Stories?
Love Is Like A Fairytale.You trust, care, and loyal to them.The One You Adore So Much.Wanna Spend the rest of your life.Love loss its found.
Yeah I'm In London For About A Month Visiting Family & Stuff :)
"Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever." June Masters Bacher
morning it snowing heree at long last
I am working hard! Working hard for the money as one song states
a nightmare just ate up your dreams
To be human is a privilege, not an excuse.
When does she not have an attitude
Conditional order submitted for FB IPO... let's see if I actually get any.
Nice to see Fifa Street promoted to the top of my 'Brighton council' search column in Tweetdeck. Targeted marketing at its best.
also we should go drink for the b's game. I'm thinking winds but im open to suggestions.
done! I liked your FB page.
Way to go, Mr. Rush! Kudos, and a big Spirit yell.
Just finished editing the Liquid Green Stuff review. Glad I bought a new camera because this last video was out of focus. Blarg.
Sometimes I'm terrified of my heart.. Of it's constant hunger for whatever it is it wants. The way it stops & starts.
Spent a bunch of time yesterday *building something*! cc:
Is playing at the maple leaf tonight!!
Hoes be out when its hot doe
Had a dream where I told someone my career goal and they said it would never happen. Pretty sure I slapped them.
just finishing my sweeps shoot dwntwn and going to head back to station! Heard my girl will be in-studio tonight!
Can we just do a debate with #Perry, #Bachmann, #Hunstman and #Cain. I'll pay for it. Mindless entertainment
To the shenanigans known as work, I'm done with you for the week!
oh gosh I have a sore throat too but my throat is like closing<U+E407>
We cant thank you enough San Marcos! Thanks for followin us!
Two record weeks at ZUZU Thank you Austin and come enjoy Hatch Chiles in anything you want!!
Thanks Rep. Conyers: family planning means the better health of infants & women
Anyone else think Peggy hill from king of the hill looks like Sarah palin
A girl just walked past me who was so pretty I forgot to look at her tits.
what?! What happened
not even a little funny.... Nope not even a little....
I'm honored to have you as a follower.
Arrive exhausted, no napping, hydrate, only eat & sleep at the appropo local time & keep your curtains open so you wake to the sun
And which party does the Penguin represent? I can't seem to remember! #Politics <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
The first drinks will be popped at noon. Bout to be a #shitshow. Lets show them how we roll #Ku and whoop some fucking ass.
Do you expect anyone to take u seriously? RT how about what Mile Dean did to players wanting leave to follow O'Neil to UT?
'the' publisher is looking at my book today....wish me luck!
Breaking: on #Passover, Jews do not simply eat matzah in addition to everything else. Making it available helps us not at all.
Women walking down Melrose smoking a joint.
Thanks! Hope you're enjoying the rest of your visit to
Need a title for my abroad WordPress. Witty+, Incorporate HK, Asia+ Not everyone can be as creative as 's
Semi's tossed like a child's toy in Lancaster, TX. Roofs gone in Arlington, Crosby Elementary hit in Forney, loses roof.
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state . (y)
huge man crush on the guy :)
I am a Yankees fan, but I have to give u your do. Solid outing, very impressive!!! My guys we make it right tomorrow.
Why are space tourism flights classified as round-trip? What is the possible alternative? Pop the hatch and leave you floating?
There's no doubt about it: We HubSpotters love Halloween, and we always take it pretty seriously
Don't Miss SPOTLIGHT Thursdays at CLUB 101! Very UPSCALE setting! Dance the night away to VIDEO DJing! $3.00 u call it all night LONG!
I FAILED MY TEST :/ I GOT 52% failed too :( WE SUCK!!
good morning lol
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 23
It is too early for this much #snow! No power and a trees down everywhere, not looking forward to
Looking for some seafood tailgate options for #openingday. Maybe some fish fry action or seared ahi tuna steaks. Any ideas??
Hi - who might I contact about donations/sponsorships for an event?
The Dean from Community is now an Oscar winner.
That is one of the best movies I have ever seen!
Now I have seen everything. attacking from the left?!
bro we are doing it all!!!! I really want to have a paint fight though!
There aren't a pair of pants that intimidate this women. This might be the quote of the day at
Kobe was too passive on that last possession. Yeah I know he's almost literally dead, but yeah.
What is this “prime” thing? « Andy Soffer
Wieters coming up to the plate with Jones on. Don't go to sleep yet
Found a puppy last night and returned it to its owner
I think it was less about change and more re the choice given and how it was presented
My single greatest fear is not having feared enough.
would that be THE 17-time NBA Champion Boston Celtics?
do you not love Virgin, it's my favorite white leather recliner ever!
blowing it up
If you would create something, you must be something.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
#Hexidecimal #Hashtags: "#000000 hole sun, won't you come..."
Looking forward to seeing work it out on ON THA GRIND...
Ps I really really miss you. Come bring your bride home to see us soon! Xo
Do you consider mapping out a complicated travel itinerary for a big vacation a research project?
SWAG DADDY
Want to spark a "cause" or consumer engagement? Activate and motivate bloggers and influencers on a personal level. Appeal to their passion.
This pic is priceless! LOL he needs a timeout! hahaha
#IAlwaysWonderIf you still think about the times we had...
I love Milwaukee
Polo Beach up on North Shore. Where was the orgy supposed to be at? I want an invite to that one.
wow.. I can't believe Pia went home! Truly shocked.. We won't see the last of her, I'm sure she has a deal in the works.. Go Pia!!
A lot of hookers are out of biz in hollywood with craigslist being down. #sopa lol
& Ramones... the '90s are the new '70s to me! Actually I meant Lisa was in the '90s, not her music :: "B-Sides & Broken Hearts"
dam..man..great writing once..again and now I don't have tell the story..thank you
re: the heels, academia knows no pain, right? And hello!! I've joined the Twitterverse!
Directioners, there is a contest coming out soon, we will giving out two tickets for 1D, we will announce the rules and details by Monday!!
That teacher got me fuckkkkedd up
You want to be on the ruling staff? I could use some good people. ;)
Enjoyed hanging out. We should def hang again this summer.Take care
oh sry that means I know right lol
but sometimes exciting stuff makes me have anxiety like my niece being born.
OH: "The steak sandwich. Is a very high quality meat."
In my own world for ever nd ever
I MISS YOU SOO MUCH MORE IF KIDNAPPING WAS LEGAL THAN I WOULD GET A BUS AND COME STEAL ALL OF YOU GUYS
bored in class? shuffle! www.aaron.tv
I just checked. Little disappointed that nobody else has used that cool hashtag...
YOUR LIPS. SO SOFT SO SOft
Well normally I'd send you a tweet back with a reply but I haven't had much experience with natures crack @ least not yet hahaha
sun out; setting up pool! =)
That feeling when all the niggas respect you and the bitches know not to say nothin to you cause you gone dawg em
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
Nothin' like realizing that the lime green bra you wore is totally visible through your dress... at 5pm. # -___-
Omg these lame asses are crying
So, any good fart jokes today?
RT : Making #film friends 2day in New York City
I Wish Someone Would Have Told Me How Much Love Sucks . .
#FF because i feel like he will become famous one day <3
MT : Your #resume & cover letter are marketing tools. Make your personal "commercial" snappy & eye-catching.
Through 1 at CBP and there is no score.
thank u for following sweetie ;)
Someday, I'll have grandkids and I'll tell them, "Things were so bad, I voted for John Kerry thinking shit would get better."
Felt like 5 minutes, was an hour and a half... wopps... sleep time
Got some time to kill? Swing by and listen to some of our songs!
People might hate, or judge. But no matter what, I will always support Austin.
same lol i just got done tryin to find a job :P
RT : Mondays are offensive.
have you seen Raising Hope? They have a rotary phone!
EXACTLY. Edgar, everything you tweet is invalid unless it says me, lexi, or one direction is sexy.
House panel okays $33 billion in food stamp cuts
The link in my bio explains how to be in the video, any questions just ask me :)
Laid down KQ on a JJ98T board after leading 35 into a 145 pot, old man moves in for another 115.
I'm a huge ZONA fan today!!! Go Cats! (Help the huskies RPI)..
outlook man. It is amazing. You still working at EIG.
Ms. Valley need to take my damn book.. Shit is too heavy to be carrying around all day.
hope you had a safe trip :)
They'd love to time death of civilunions w/likely passage of NC marriage discrimination to send natl message, don't you think?
Been missing ya'll too!!! Work "twitter work" has kept me busy the last few months.
NEED. NOW.
- Very cool. What made you start? What styles have you brewed? Did you like them? (1st can be bad, it's a learning experience)
I graditated in December. I'm bona-fide now. ;)
Do you love working with people? Assisting thousands of IT Professionals to reach their career potential? If yes, let me know! I am hiring …
So done with this I just want to go home and sleep and not get criticized for everything I do. Sorry for my offer of helping.
BIG BROTHER TONIGHT!! lmao. I'm like the only one that watches it...
I AM JEALOUS!
#2thingsiappreciate friends and family
Bobby Flay spotted in DC today
so much fun! even more fun watching you try to eat it...
#3. Dang it. I hate typos, even in tweets.
I'm so excited about BlogTV tonight! Lets get this party started! :D
I am thankful for you (and everyone) who has do work today, to keep us NFL fans entertained and informed each and every day.
Nm in a doctor office u?
love the "slow jogger" profile part.
Yes I really do need a vacation. More than 3 days at a time. #ball&chain
doubt it but did you see his HR trot, looked like his achilles was bothering him yesterday pretty bad.
Celebrating my BDay! Spent the Day at The San Francisco Zoo w/all the Animals!! How perfect!! What Blessings! :)
3Hrs and 45mins: the time we have left until the world ends.... (fuck... And to think i could take over before than...) bummer.
You know you need to go to bed when everyone starts debating who has the best "sign." #capricornswin ;)
We are celebrating our 6 Year Anniversary May 24th! Be sure to mark your calendars for the biggest party in Belltown!
I often feel that the biggest thing I have going for me is my willingness to constantly humiliate myself.
Oh Voxer what are you?
Tip: don't use the scented cucumber body wash when yer sick. U may just blackout f the nausea
what's wrong best friend?
cornish game hen for treats on halloween...ROFL
Every time the song Call on me comes on... I start thrusting in my car.
I just want you.
Check out my friend Corey McCormick playing bass tonight with POTR and WIllie Nelson on Jimmy Fallon. A real treat!
Just finished eating tacos...
durant is keeping the spirit of the supersonics alive homey...as long as he's healthy itll be murder!!!!!!!!!
More new photos - Colorado Scenery - www.pbase.com/issyr/colorado_scenery
Thanks for the #FF :)
Yeah, I'm sympathetic. Maybe a good time to practice deep breathing techniques, since I imagine you can't crack a beer.
C'mon...baby where you wanna go?
Can't wait to hang out with Robin tomorrow and Oakley Saturday! <3
you know they better have or we're coming after them lol!
Senate Ed committee starting soon. 1169 school discipline up 4 1st reading
Kicking this cold in the butt. Too bad my feet are tore up from dancing in high heels all day.
I would enjoy a piece of pumpkin bread right now
": I need alone time with . Is that too much?" I guess so...
I am a sucker for a good adagio, which is exactly the reverse of what I would have said 15 years ago - DvL
Happy mothers day to all those moms who busted their asses wiping ours and working hard to keep us happy, you ladies deserve it enjoy it !
Someday,someone is going to walk into your life & make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Omg 7 hours
thanks I think we're gonna take her out to eat when I get done working
No..? Your older than me?
Day 2 of photo shoot with & (: can't wait to show y'all the shots we've got!
No wonder I'm tipsy tonight...I worked 58 hours this week, including today. I locked myself out last night and learned my neighbor can B &E
Me and argue like we have known each other for years! Lol ;)
Great auction. Taking bids to take hot, big-hearted girl in gold dress to CTC Masquerade Ball next week. Nicest, cutest guy wins.
i want a boy that acts like a man
Should be interesting. I recently copied his South American diary, though I haven't yet had a chance to read it.
Please tell me you've already written one called "You Can Donut!"
Basketball with the boys <3
Hackworth: Everyone in our locker room feels Saturdays loss was an unjust result. When you feel that way, you want to go out and play again.
hey julie its me mary from school. please follow me back. =)
Patience is the key to the right heart.
Jacuzzi and margarita's with the family <U+E414>
#artistbetterthanjcole A$AP Rocky!
my mom died while the paramedics tried saving her.... i was sent to the hospital with chest pain....
so i just saw my dad take my snapback -_-
Bush+flight suit+aircraft carrier=an arrogant fuck&huge insult to folks in uniform. Obama+Navy Seals+intelligence officers=win&true heroism.
lololololol i was sleeping!! Now im not!!
no jay!
I will always love you. RIP.
A child pulled an alarm in the courthouse of the MJ trial stopped everything while the courtroom was dark.for about 3min..RIP MJ.luv u
Take me down like I'm a domino
Enjoying some gluten free pasta. Yum!
I do not fear death simply because I think it's a transition. Our souls can't be destroyed. I realize we are going to live in another life.
that wasn't leaked. during the 2nd hearing, O'Mara volunteered in open ct to provide the med report to investigators.
Legend of Kora? What? Idek anymore.
LSU has better looking uniforms than Alabama, therefore LSU should win the national #BCS title.
Only three weeks left of first year at college. #Crazy how time flies!
Woo: Out of bed before 7 AM today! Boo: Can't call Komen (877-465-6636) and yell at them til they open at 8.
Hurt feelings take longer to heal than any abdominal strain. He's sensitive, you know.
do any of those people that are interested in the job wear a sweater vest
hey guess what? We're going to trend IJEVER LOVES AUSTIN (:
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
Did you burn that poem you wrote about BBQ? Did you burn that BBQ you romanticized on your palate? Or is it covered in saucy words?
#vra2012 Great job VRA Board members, Rob, Billy, Brian and Maureen! You will be missed.
Well.... Everything's taken care of. Time to knock out this homework
Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping
yeah girl :)
didnt she announce she was preggers when Beyonce did and they were just as far along as eachother? WTF
" I love pop punk so much!!!!1!" Only listens to man overboard/ the wonder years. O K
"Bro she has a boyfriend.." Yeah so? soccer has a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score..
congrats on the good buzz! just found a new pad -- wish i had known about you guys sooner!
glad to hear it! Enjoy the weekend!
Editing? :-) As a professional editor of words and ideas, I'm wondering: of photos, words, or something else?
also, "Guns, Germs and Steel"
thanks bro! if you're in L.A. and you wanna get tatt'd just hmu!
not yet were small cookies. I hope she is a big Rangers fan.
I was about to cry today, but the situation only confirmed that I need to teach.
Ticketing is open from 11am-9pm today!
Whats on the Lunch Menu Today?
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and achieve any target that you can set for yourself.
90 degrees here in NYC.. spring weather?? I think not!!
LMAO im so excited im going back to work tomorrow
So ready...RT : Almost patio season folks, hopefully a couple more weeks then nothing but sun and fun!!!!
Love when I'm nice to someone and theyre just a bitch back.
I love this one: "To be a good loser is to learn how to win." - Carl Sandburg
Nice! Spread some color our way. ;)
how yew doing?
The CUTEST white guy just walked past me!! And we made eye contact!!! :D
you got the disease too. Packeritis,, don't blame the cause blame the disease lol
who doesn't?
Charlie is the name of the dog that's gettin loose in this lake btw, his owners are freaking out
": was i right?" Yes sir, the kid and the big ticket...
did i mention our environmental POWER MOVE ?! www.disruptivefood.com
#BlackMonopolyGamePiece a blunt
#ACommonEngine takes the Up and Under Pub stage at 10:30 tonight! Come on out for swag and good music!
such a true story hope you are well my dearest! Xo
At Monterey airport waiting for my flight. 10 hours to NY. Argh!!!
It's ok I suppose. We lost anyway haha
Oh. I forgot that was also a possibility. I went with the more inhabited one.
God, may I hear your voice through the people I meet today.
What smell reminds you of mom?
I was literally loling. How do they even end up on the show like wut. & if you say a pick up line you should just get out of town
thanks so much for your help : )
wheres my graduation tickets
Worse night of sleep ever, but on the upside. I have 2 fully functional apocalyptic droid legs.
hahaha I would love to see that. The squirrel in my house is just my sister
Chocolate &amp; Bacon:For some very adventurous chocophiles, there’s a chocolate bar that contains bacon
are you wearing 4 inch heels to work.
hit me on the email.
Happy Birthday can I get a RT for havin my B-day a day before yours!
I know the feeling
Tiara don't even know the art of BASKETBALL why am I even entertaining her sucka a** opinion!
Very "Where The Wild Things Are"! eh? Nice to meet you Sarah
Criticism is destructive. This is why it is the favorite pastime of untrained children & unaccomplished adults...
Late afternoon Starbucks -- I'm sinking.
can you email me your contact info at i want to ask a question about your art
Wish they'd re-cover #SUGrad08 For me there are some large blank areas RT We'll be back in the morning with coverage of
Great to have home. Wish and were here, too.
I thought they changed #pretty_little_liars from the book
Absolutely ADORE and ! They are ones to watch! ...and watch....until you're arrested.
NOW serving ALL of Florida!!
I'm gonna look it up on youtube
ran 2m: ran/walk 1m. After being sick on and off for six weeks (2colds/stomach flu) I'm back on track - 6 mile goal.
is it just me or does anyone else find it super funny when you see someone "ousted" as mayor of a church?
Also goes to show that form and technique trump power. I'm not feeling all that strong today, and I've done snatches 3 days in a row.
haha your eyess :D well we roll the same way :) water proof case? Aayay haah, all advanced lol :b
Story about the Puerto Rican vote?
Twelve days until #AsiaTrinity tour begins. Looking forward to connecting with the alumni in Seoul, Shanghai, Hong Kong & Taipei.
RT : Visiting Austin for #sxsw? Check out our blog for local favorites like where to get the best coffee for morning...
He conquers who endures. - Persius
how much it cost around j.mills to drive?
Guess I'll go to bed now. Maddy won't be here til late. Ah, sleeping in.
Looking forward to helping teach a digital storytelling workshop this Saturday with and
Burial for Duffy's Cut Workers A Christian burial for the workers of Duffy's Cut at West Laurel Hill Cemetery. ( DAVID SWANSON / Staff Ph
ooooooohhhh #dyinglaughing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I see you sold us out huh?!?
NSAC: I think that since we have Dr. Molina here, and the exec dir here, we should continue (instead of offering a continuance)
- Woody from ToyStory + Scarecrow from Wizard of Oz =
In LAX getting ready to go to DC! If I can ever get through this line that is...
Hey! Just doing fun homework!
Pop will make him good. He ain't Coach of the Year for nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
:( no. I hope that he comes here when he goes on tour.
New Super Mario Bros. 2 Coming To 3DS This Summer, First Screenshots Unveiled The Nintendo 3DS will be receiving more Mario in a few mont
lucky u :)
Stop comparing Dirk to Bird espn and the rest of the world...
when did I ever support romney? Vote 4 obama? I made stupid mistake voting for current gov but I'm not actually stupid
i'll just be swimming at your house. don't mind me.
ALSO AT #ASAP (A SICK ALPHA PARTY) LADIES ARE FREE FREE FREE BEFORE 11:30!!!!!
actually people do like and talk to me so shut the hell up,k? k
Less than 7 hours until minds get blown during Madison's Hardest Trivia. 9pm Tonight at
follow me !! Happy birthday!?
Wait until you have a kid. Puts like 10 years on you in that first year. Haha
RT : Helped #KinderCare attract parents to an open house with radio ads, direct mail & online. Nearly 60% of attendees...
Ahhahahha! You just made my night!
Looking for mutualisms involving yeasts, other than those with humans. Any examples? Are we the only ones who have partnered with a yeast?
We are rescheduling our Seattle CPA ShopTalk. If you want to attend, please email me at .
Paging MC B-lo Kelvin RT Yo, I'm teaming up wit Coors Light on #SFTC2012 to find the Coldest MC in the country. Where you at?
your music helps stimulate my sphincter
Happy to be a part of it! Thx for the mention!
RT You guys know Romney said he'd reinstate DADT, right? Of course, he's also said he wouldn't. But whatever.
Team AriGrande lol I know that's not it
This coffee isn't working!!! =(
yea it was a game-changer
Name 1 thing you miss about being a kid.
,i love you too
finally a good commercial. chevy
Magic Johnson buying the Dodgers.
Means questions Hulsey if he knows of plans by Rep. Mark Pocan to rush Capitol doors or encourage others to do so.
Kobe Bean Bryant
I can't wait till spring break!
RIP Beatie Boy Adam! The first bootlegged cassette tape I ever had was Beastie Boys "Licensed to Ill" when I was 7 or 8
Then get off twitter & go sleep punk boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>RT : Yo I'm tired as hell
Small world. so great to discover your connection to via Proof the model is working:)
i love
Bet ya didnt hear me that time
still trying to understand this tweety world. What up wid da tweet twit shit?
Yes we are open Rain or Shine! Come on in!
Just Finished New Wholesale Pricing For Graphic Designers and Resell Shops
yeah right lol
Kentucky in Spring mode is voluptuous.
We demo'd another song last night, the music is coming along amazingly! God is great!
Why do people allow them selves to live in pain?
In Tallahassee today with Film Florida talking with Legislators
How cool would it be if Rammy walked off Kerry Wood?
case... point... lol
If I get 5 Retweets I'll put out a song right now!
Should be ready to go right after Labor Day. :-)
New So far, awesome! :]
A city where you can't tell the difference between the homeless and the c-level executives.
Seriously? I think I'm ready to throw up at the mere thought of the heat rub ...
Don't think the NFL Draft is must-see TV? 25.3m folks watched it on NFL Network and the Worldwide Leader. That's an 18% ratings bump.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
For and others wondering about the weather: the phrase "it's frikkin' cold out here" comes to mind.
The first 50 guests tomorrow at our #tulsa cafe opening will be gifted a jar of la Madeleine’s signature tomato basil soupe. Open at 6:30 AM
we are, well I am nobody ever asks how you are
I wanna go home .. Like RIGHT NOW
Is it possible US officials Chen to leave China? said yes, both sides are being backed into uncomfortable positions
Today I realized that I am the worst golfer that has ever put his feet on a golf course! Stick to poker, dumbazz!
RT Great pres from about iPads and EHRs, don't have to be geek to provide value!
I can fake with the best of anyone
Worth the price, and the bus ride, and the mediocre dinner, and sitting next to a guy who took 1.5 seats, and the opener, and the hecklers
Up and at em
I bet you wish your nose was a dick so you could fuck butts.
We'll be there from 12:30-2 so stop on by with your bandana and put your name in the raffle to win a nerf gun!
What could the candidates possibly have to say tonight that they haven't already belabored to death?
a guest JUST said to "You take the illusion mix it with perception and what you're left with is a mastery of your emotions." ?!?
I Am What I Am !
“: When they are all you want, but they want someone else.”
Happy 180th birthday to Buffalo!
That sounds *perfect*! Let's email/dm particulars.
soon as i get some bread ima go over there for a whole fucking week
It's fall. You can feel it. And I love it. Hello boots and sweaters. :)
Read something about aura. Interesting theme.
happy birthday!
I'm not at Ink link watching Amanda get her belly button pierced
#Getting iinto #fights #just makes #you #look like a #dumb #ass CieraMariexoxo
Every one of my losses today hurt others more than me and/were great to see.
Predicting a less than super turnout on Super Tuesday - likely one of the lowest in history
who gives a fuck about the last word?I'm gonna hve da last laugh when dat bitch flop fuck a word I rather smile :)
: any big plans during the hiatus?
Well I said I missed you. I want my Boo.
Matador soon? Bring Alison T, , and rest of the crew?? Miss you guys!!
Come on Os I get a one game hangover from the red sox and Yankees series, not 2 games
Larissa marinellie treats me pretty well
Take a road trip to Tullahoma tonight- Delnora Reed and I at The Celtic Cup!
"Through endurance & the encouragement of the scriptures, we have hope!"
I wonder what it would take to awaken a people... Any thoughts?
Not going to lie, that looks delicious.
Wanted: Sr. Interactive Designer to jump in & help with our fast growing biz! A plus if worked in #sportsbiz. We have awesome clients!
its been to long since you've been to Chicago
Three #FINALS and then i am #FREE!!!! #collegegrad woohoo!
hm. Was scheduled to play tennis at 430
hahaha baseball sucks
Its super nice out.
Who said 50%off menu is for happy hour (limited time)? Well, it is for all day and every business day, my friends!! So come in and enjoy;)
I searched the house for quarters this morning. Surely someone will have change, we can ask random people until they do
your aunt approves of us, you shall too.
And we all just young But women mature faster than men so they say that's y most dudes that fukup make women tired of looken
My favorite mobile app is _______________ ?
Tell me! What in the world was "Unforgettable"?? RT : CBS cancelled shows I never even knew existed.
time for a block clean up
Vegan chocolate stomachache, whoops. Not used to this amount of fat now, I guess...
cancer journal impact factor
Yeah nothing says irrelevance like begging for relevance.
Air travelers being told to seek shelter from tornado at #DFW airport
as we know FB was down for a few this morning. still, i wouldn't put it past them to police content in this way, especially in the future.
Photo-shoot next weekend with RubyReddCheeks Boutique- SO EXCITED.
Party goin down tomorrow night we need all the bosses to come thru we got Strippers, Music, & Drinks.$ 7 Entry $3 Drinks hit us up for info
i want to go to Netherlands tomorrow for a 's concert.
apparently this is the one thing im being honest about.
greatest fat and drunk athlete of all time, Babe Ruth
Made the choice to put me first, no more being afraid, no more worry what others have to say...you have one life, live it to the fullest!
Once I get you I don't plan on losing you.
Sorry I let y'all down tonight. I'll keep trying my hardest. Now let's go do some work on Tuesday
RT : I've been clearing you out of your Sanbitter, Crodino and Frizz stock! So good, I'm so glad you guys carry them!
I need to get to Abu Dhabi, it's high on my list of things to do - I'm just saying!
sammi, come home
It's been great seeing you on Welcome!
check out www.pandora360.com to try and get the last spot to vegas and hear what will soon be a very popular song.
"All labour that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaking with painstaking excellence. Dr Martin Luther K Jr
My roommate for the night at orientation is ok!
thanks man!
A great day for
no I wanna know
We still have some openings for our goal setting workshop this Saturday from 9-10 at the office. Free, but space is limited. RSVP 7045226410
Follow a great leader, Milwaukee treasure,and co-chair of 's Back to School Annual Dinner!
I can arrange something ;) RT : now I need a wiener schnitzel. I mean...I always want a wiener schnitzel, but now I *need* one.
hell naw lmao Scalabrine > Wade yesterday lbs....lucky his teammates pulled him away before Spoelstra beat that ass lmaoo!
awwweee thank you
In a life time, the average human can fill an Olympic
Happy easter to everybody on twitter
#American idol
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 3
Good morning. Keep pushing keep pressing
On the other hand, if you've never heard Joe Rezek talk about U.S. "aesthetics of provinciality" you shd come to "Affiliation/Dis"
Thanks for following our tweets about #chiropractic resources in the #PDX area! Retweet us now and then ;)
When a guy talks about our future, he means it :) HateLies<3Trust
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement."
Looking forward to seeing your production!
Oh how I'm enjoying the beat down that the Sixers are handing to the Bulls.
ok i wont get it till another like 30 minutes though cause all i have is twitter on my phone <WeMissAustin!>
did you just..? HAHAHAHAHAH !!!
Drinking the Mimecast SAAS Cool-Aid...learning about why our solution actually makes sense!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend.
plz be summer soon.
Last night in Suwanee :(
Twittering test!
same here. Couldn't shake it for about a month. Also can't look at hedge clippers the same way again.
how about our corrupt county supervisors?
What the fuck is wrong with people?
anyways williams dance last night was really bad :x roshon is an amazing dancer, singer and actor <333 no one can beat him.
#ThingsMyExSaid three little words that mean so much but are hardly ever true. Three little words that'll be told to me time and time again.
well the brownies...but they were basically batter anyways
Damn, The Seeds of Doom is incredibly intense! And that was only the first two episodes!
RT : Years teach us more than books.
I follow people that I think are interesting but I just realized I am following someone that tweets in a different language!
On that iPhone 4s swag now
The Letter of the day is "T"..Tuesday, Tunes (Karaoke), Tacos, Tickets (Packer Ticket Giveaway at 9pm)..Brass Monkey!!
Sleep is essential for repairing negative effects on body tissue as well as maintaining sharp thinking, focus, and memory.
Hell ya that's what's good erased My Facebook for a min till I get more music to push ill holla at you on here
When the mother of your child acts like she's way too cool to talk to you when she's with her friends. Tight.
How is everyone doing with the appraisal management companies? Need any advice? Ask it here.
Sitting here trying to make sense of it all. We were best friends and now we don't even talk.
“: Joel Osteen is preaching at a stadium in DC.”
Pacquiao on gay men: "Should be put to death."
Tell your "friend" it depends if it was a no show, ankle, quarter, or tube sock.
On Melrose. All the cheese has escaped from the cheese store.
I love the show
Plus he was wearing Christian Dior 201 spring collection.
you're welcome
Nobody talked up the Spurs because they Darth Vader'd the league without any DUNNNNNNKKKKZZZZ
yeah cuz u irrelevant and unintelligent breath smell like brethren. U FAIL
I love being back to work. The Vacation mother nature gave me was nice but now its time to get some stuff done.
its honestly so cold outside.showering is officially a near impossible task, walking is out of the pic. so go head and call me a lazy pig
what powerpoint?
Sweet - is such a luscious word..
Sometimes it takes the longest time to recognize the simplest things.Well liked rug left in attic for 1+ yr works great in my study.
hows your day going babe? X
The most amazing thing Dropbox has done is not add a ton of crappy features. Seen Skydrive?
Andy Dalton + AJ Green = Co-Offensive Rookies of the year!! WHODEY!!!!!!!
...across something/you find a delicate/riot a sweatshirt/this somehow tear/soaked street//everyday the sun comes out/and we forget...
The difference a day makes... Cleveland whats up!
If I was going to worship I had to forgive the process.
We've acquired ourselves a tarot card reader for The Lost Weekend! How exciting is that?
You are definitely a TECH NERD trapped in a models body!
your the best, too bad I can pick up clay Travis radio signal in Glasgow!
I believe that is what ended Eliot Smith.
The fact that my arm is still sore from Wii tennis is not only absurd but embarrassing as well.
Miss, I Christ You!
oh yess I love tea!
Hilarious. RT : I can't look at a person on a Segway anymore without thinking of Gob Bluth.
oh yeah it's Wednesday #facepalm. What a week lol.
RT : 10X Showcase Day! Good luck to and the rest of the teams!
No worries, I didn't get to the heart of my work either. Two minutes is incredibly short. Makes me rethink the "sales pitch"!
Which beer for my sake bombs? #pbproblems am i also allowed to do this alone?
hi there!
I have adhd I'm convinced.
I'm excited about this year's Maryland Film Festival
lol a where the girl and dont say idk
The heart is the most important muscle in the body. We can live without a arm or leg, but not without a heart.
Going to agree with you on that.
I've given up all I can, it's not enough.
and just tweeted about very different tech weeks, and it made me so happy that I keep up w/both!
Join the CAC tomorrow April 5 @ noon outside Memphis City Hall to raise the Children's Memorial Flag for kids lost to child abuse.
thank you! It was great meeting you today! :)
you are so lucky
#BOYFRIENDReview these type of songs are so perfect for you
#76ers are "a bunch of gazelles coming in here" said #BostonCeltics coach Doc Rivers before series.
lmaooo you are so funny =p that would happen
Thanks for the RT!
dude. Your tweet made the cover of Flipboard. You're famous! And I know you! Whoopee. Susan
No matter who says what, you should accept it with a smile and do your own work. -- Mother Teresa
no skool, going to the ER..i hope im ok, everytime i go i get surgerys! D;
because humans degenerate relatively quickly. if its every 5-6 years, a lot can happen.
ya for real! And who is paying this announcer to suck BYU's wang??
Choice Eating's tabbouleh salad with the grilled chicken tenders just says "fresh."
This is bullshit being up this early. :(
Lol JUST KIDDING <U+E404>
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you, life! Happy Mother's Day !!
Watching the season finale of #GossipGirl & I'm crying #iloveyou but right now I just want to hold chuck...
it's pretty random fun!
Monday is here, we just want to say thank you to everyone that is serving and has served. Your service has not & will not be forgotten!!!
Just completed work as a principal character in a photo shoot for Bayer Pharmaceuticals.
Very sorry. will deal w/ it rt away. Can you please send your name and address to ? We'll get rt on it
I get your point, obv. Maybe it's companies vs. products. If you run a company you're foolish not to have a path to wealth.
We are now officially open. Grab a slice of Milwaukee's best on the east side of town. Find us at 1609 E. North Ave. 414-270 1880
how many post-9/11 ticker tape parades have there been? seems like a whole different sensibility now
Wow, that was the most thorough pat down of my life. According to the TSA agent, it was all due to my glittery sweater.
yaaay got a shirt! Thanks!!! I wish i could pick up the game tonight. It'll have to wait for tmw :/
The news on the DOW is obviously positive. But the job numbers are what Obama needs to worry about when it comes to getting votes.
Hey ottawa...meet Boston College hockey
just pwned me and at Monopoly...
Newly tapped: Sly Fox Winter Ale and Rust Belt's Coke Oven Stout
Miss you already, special friends!
We returning again Thurs from 8pm to 10pm with our countdown of the hottest Indie music.
I think the best thing about being at the beach, is being at the beach.
freshman year has definitely had some unexpected turn of events!
New books at school! Reading through a small pile at home tonight. SO hard not to share w/ students but not in circ system yet.
Q7: to continue to grow/learn & encourage the same of others.
#FF two of my favorite Photo-posters: - always enjoy clicking through on their links.
you better not be tweeting from the floor... Kobe is balling tonight
who do you think will win
You guys aren't selling single day passes?
So I'm getting my new Evo shift up and running and I just dl'ed Angry Birds to see what the fuss is about....
“The cure for persistent loneliness lies in breaking the negative cycle of thinking that created it in the first place.”—Dr. Heidi Halvorson
takin shots at don't get butthurt about his top 10, brian.
MAY 26th DOWN IN IOWA AT TH VAL AIR BALL ROOM Im spinning lego
Complete and SHARE: "Today I will #GiveBIG to ______________ because ___________________________."
When you say I'm one of the creepy kids, it's a compliment. I'm a #creep. I'm a #CreepForLife. I'm a
Lakeshow owns LA
sinking AND lifting
probably wiles and nestle took it or whatever the fuck their names were
I wish. Super quick visit.
Brought tears to my eyes! RT Today's Google Doodle will make even the biggest Valentine cynic smile.
i really need to vent to someone on the phone before i start crying again....anybody ?/:
Good News, will be in NYC at least till July 1st. Just extended! We're gonna have some fun!
I got a lot of family in Juarez. If you run into anyone who's last name is Vélez, tell them their primo Manuel les manda abrazos!
URGENT! Hey everyone, free orange chicken from Panda Express! go to their facebook and print the coupon! its for tonight after 9
This "Commencement" album will be highly anticipated ! Highly !
It's been 100 years since Titanic sank! Tonight, catch "Titanic with Len Goodman" and learn how its legacy lives on. On MPTV 10 at 7pm.
": I'm so blessed, I thank god for everything !! Every little thing is a blessing to me <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>"
Thanks for the event. had a great time meeting the citizens of San Diego. They really hunger for the truth.
Everybody's working for the weekend, so what are your weekend plans? #TGIF!
So happy for -- has earned and deserves a shot at a job in the NFL.
I mean that in the nicest way possible.
Very pretty in that avi of yours
at least you don't have the humidity like we do!
#bestbreakupexcuses beastiality is not my things...
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
I'm so serious. That's why a bitch got extra thigh meat.
Anyone up to see at Chop Suey 10pm tonight? She's awesome. But I need rally assistance.
Why fuggl...Oh, there it is. Your Fuggold Bitter sounds great, by the way.
Supt of Year Johnson carries quote: "who you are makes a difference "
Missing you too. :-*
omg haah. so I drove nicole to the party and WMYB was on in the car so we turned it all the way up and made the car bounce.
I know! Hahaha :)
This is great!
The Missouri Comets will be playing against the Chicago Riot tonight at the Independence Events Center. Call for game tickets: 888-493-0004
Haha don't be makin' fun of my flat ass! That is low, bro.
So cool to see so many schools winding up the year with field trips to LDCM. We will see you all this summer!
hey Shane ily:)
You asked for it! Time change for Sunrise #Yoga Tuesdays & Thursdays at 6:30am with
“: The newest episode will be out tmr morning at 8am EST: crazy Sam Neill: Event Horizon/In the Mouth of Madness”
thanks for following! Following back.
The cruise was awesome - thanks to everyone for making it the best one yet! Next show: Lone Star Music in Gruene, TX. Thursday, 6-7pm, solo
Really enjoyed my first pecha kucha experience last night & now know how to pronounce it thanks to the modified Muppets song!
I wasn't quick enough :-(
I love aggressive ladies<U+E405>
i want to laugh my ass off watching the
Not trolling, but perfectly comfortable using humor while raising real points. Pretty open about any agenda I had this convo...
RT : The #1 thing an immediate mgr can do to drive engagement is to facilitate discussion abt career development.
Can send print or E--just email mailing address to news[at]zumayaotherworlds.com for former.
Pretty sure someone just walked by my office whistling Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. April wasn't *that* cold, was it?
had an awesome day, lunch out and shopping, now back to the studio for some quilt piecing before bed!
How many ppl are going to play the 500 million lottery this Friday??
Bout to go shopping for my easter dinner then off to watch my daughter practice for her cheer comp. this weekend Go warriors!
« Shout out to all the K members that are color blind»
Great idea! We'll get on it.
#LiteraryEvent 4/24 6:30p Hollywood Library “Lit at the Library”: M.F. McAuliffe & David Rutiezer #reading from their poetry & fiction
NIST and DOE will soon announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg indstry professionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
Haha I did the same thong Jer! RT Someone please tell me why I just wasted my Saturday afternoon watching Titanic ...
That's hot I thought he was painting nonsense ! via America's Got talent
Don't forget we've got unfinished buisness, stories yet to unfold, tales that must be retold.
Tequila. Love my friends.
Kyle Blades likes this. But is not sorry to Chi RT : Loves me some #brewcrew - cuck the fubs - Shorry Chicago
At FBI Firearms Training Facility. Great opportunity for members to learn about the FBI and to shoot very cool powerful weapons!!
Will you be at Staffing Industry Analyst Executive Forum in Las Vegas?
FWIW, I teach a Tolkien class. Most of the class is usually female.
U look fantastic! How did you do it? With the exception of working out, what kind of diet did you have?
“: People who stay up later are more likely to experience nightmares.” awesome. I should probably go to bed now.
Session with P&G today
then I'll take you out...and whip you in Tekken. Cool?
And i love you , i love you , i love you like never before <U+2665>
Udoh is like another Larry Sanders. I don't really care about that, but now we have more trade bait in Ellis.
I can only imagine if u tried that shit!
Have a great day!
Today is going to be a good day!
First Davy Jones, now Breitbart. One who symbolizes timeless youth & one who was still somewhat youthful. The sickle swings with no care.
Lorenzo and Koko need to get off my mentions.
ugh this is so sad I even cried
Enjoy half priced sushi? Kiku Japanese Restaurant has 40-50% discounts for students who show their student ID!
so im grilling some sausages, hot dogs, and hamburges...plus my gf is making her famous #PotatoSalad..come on over ,,just bring beers ok! =d
Washington state Senate passes gay marriage bill - Reuters
OKC has the best crowd in the league right now
Thanks for the follow; check out #teamf2a &
That's a mighty fine line you are walking there, sir.
Tweet us your questions for our video tip of the week, coming out tomorrow!
I can certainly manage this City, with your help!
Dinner enjoying a nice "cow tippin stout" it's a must try.
how did the episodes end? I want to know at the same time that I don't want to.
Retweet if you're down in Texas for ! #alamw12 excited to see everyone! Visit us tonight in booth number 2321!!
Moon Over Parador with Richard Dreyfuss was the #1 movie this day in 1988. I love Dreyfuss but never saw this movie.
This is for 'm NOT being depressing.
One of the best writers in the biz, killed it on his Weaver piece from Anaheim. is lucky to have his many talents.
put down the iPhone and listen to some muzik!
no im a pharmacist. theres a difference.
Never blame anyone if you get hurt because you took the risk, and you decided who was worth the try
Pounding keyboards and the schedules, readying turf for next NEA Institute and its pop-up newsroom into wee hours w/ Arianna at USC.
good morning from this coast. I hope you're feeling better when you wake
So glad my hotel has ESPN2, so I can watch this #Timbers game!
He had 7 on one poessession by my count
yeah just my car broken down... in the shop now. never a good time.
Doing #fox9 on #weinergate. Politics reaches a new low as we debate whether a crotch shot is or isn't Congressional.
hah I didn't read your name and I thought alex said that!! (:
for the follow
FOLLOW US OF YOU LOVE JESUS AND GOSPEL MUSIC
700 FOLLOWERS :D :D
The 5 songs are almost ready to be recorded. Tonight we started learning a cover song.
Awww ... i guess this tweet answers my question. Get well mon ami!
intentionally, i hope.
I guess you're more of a 2:30 in the morning call kind of girl than a take home to your parents kind of girl...
Who the fuck mows their lawn at this time of night? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
We are going to release a special new track on Saturday the 20th. Keep your eyes and ears open :)
can i remove the mil. tweets from accounts Im following but don't want to have to look at?dear twitter where is the "less of"/"hide" feature
Thank you Fish City Grill, we had a great time tonight!
Its comeback time
I want to go to this event so badly...I use lavender in so many of my products. I bet it was amazing!
lame sickness!
swisher or philly?
You say u "love me" prove it. Kiss me in the rain and make me lose it<3
Where are you? At the airport? Or just your hotel?
That's awesome! My husband and I dream of buying a farm in 10 years or so! Did you grow up on your parent's farm?
is that a nice way of saying "unintelligible"? lol
Football, Turkey and a Big Sword!
will take a look! btw, missed you at #sxsw! assuming you stayed away and focused on actually running the biz? :-)
Just woke up from a long nap... not in the mood to get ready so I'm staying in tonight.
smile... #happiness priceless
Wait what?
Lol I wish I. Would do that! *.*
Why do women that you would like to get close to just want money? Poor old guys need loving too!
absolutely not, I have it on my phone ;) haha xx
the earth with out art is just "eh "
my dad told me my prom dress looks like a wedding dress.. heehee.
PRAISE JESUSS. RAISE THE ROOF
Works every time!
nice to meet you too.
Volunteering for Gildas Club at Keva Sports Complex in Middleton. If you want fun games for your kids and a good cause, come!
Chances I will go to Comic-Con this year have gone from 0 to VERY HIGH. Cross your fingers, friends.
Just wrapped up the kickoff meeting for the Wiffle Ball League. Yerrr out!
Hey Taylor, retweet this.
Using Google Voice to text instead of my carrier (AT&T) was a fantastic move. $20 saved each month.
Stop in for amazing Pizza, Football and the #Foodiechat hashtag on your Twitter Timeline! 7pm
So great to see you too!! And my hair still doesn't feel sticky, which is a miracle.
Hey with that entrance I thought thunder lips was performing
#TheVoiceAU all the performances have been absolutely amazing tonight. When can I order all their albums?
+1 Gabe MT Kansas AD Zenger calls #Mizzou loss "karma" and unable to handle success? Seems unprofessional 2 me
Research paper: done!
Oh man Tim Lincecum lays down a perfect bunt and the Giants take the lead
#NorthCarolina is funny.#GayMarriage gets a no,but cheating on your dying wife during a presidential run w/campaign funds gets nada?
I strongly disagree. RT : Did you watch him the entire series, 1 good game, Marc a much better player right now
I love how people complain about the ESPN coverage. Perhaps they should wise up and switch the dial to the real deal (NFLN).
Eric Gordon?
OMG KOMETS PLEASE JOIN THE ECHL LET ME LOVE YOU PROPERLY
Trying to learn Pachelbels Canon in D for Mothers Day. After 5 years of no piano lessons I forgot how hard it was!
Not in theory, but in practice. The candidate who wins the most popular votes in the State wins all the Electoral votes, USUALLY.
Sometimes I wish emails from my family had an UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Check out amazing lineup of #PdF12 speakers: & more!
Starting up 'THE BEST OF' for upcoming Annual Event, this May 5th. Welcome MANHATTANS back to Pgh!
we love you. duh = )
Cruised to victory on #blackjack today! Shouts to & - good game y'all!!
Happy birthday !
Day 2 running sound & I didn't have mute anyone during the singing session ;o]
Mauer and Capps were bigger disappointments for the money than Nishioka but take about a quarter of the heat.
Download , a mobile app allowing you to send real beers, shots, & cocktails to yourself & friends @ 75 of Chicago's top BARS!!
you guys ship to Cleveland?
nm girl im going to dm u my number
4o cent wings at O'Lydia's and team trivia at 8pm
Dont wanna go to school , why cant summer start now.
come on girl. Don't let that small assed girl get to ya
Headed to with Caroline for our Mom's Club infant play date. Fun!
Thanks for rolling through!
Thank you for #following &
No worries. Planning a trip out that way in a couple weeks.
RT Follow ! He's donating 50cents to Jr Giants for every follower until Friday
aww that made me smile so hard my cheek giggled a little
How am I just learning about this now?! RT 23 hours till the snuggie bar crawl, prepare to be blinded by fashion ....ladies
#NowPlaying: "Swing, Swing" by The All-American Rejects.
Does anyone find this "eight dollar three-meat treat" little caesars ad appealing? Barf.
Some people are so stupid
catching the glasper experiment at the double door tonight.
I should've just stayed home like I planned
Putting in my #derby bets early. Betting the 18 horse.
": at HHMS graduation ;">why yu ddnt come get me?
:) RT Grizzlies win 90-88!! Game 7 tickets will go on sale at 10am tomorrow.
"I knew you'd be sold out! I already have MY tickets, so my friends will just have to deal."
Ahahaha You Kno U Love It When I Bother You Lmao
I've loved <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> lost <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> and learned <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Messed my braces up. Woo.
Buying refurbished phones and macs are not a bad idea if you know where to get. Be resourceful.
All true wisdom is found on my T-shirts.
Rehearsal was intense to tonight. Singing music aint as easy as it seems. Been rehearsing all night. I'm sore.
CHEERS to start the show, with you and th audience drinking, like the dancing on
Radio 38 yrs? dont understand. Looking for worldwide talent direct me your email if interested
after looking through tweets i need to say one thing....people....its JUST a phone.
Great Peeps
Gucci, gucci. <3
A bad day diving beats a good day of anything else!
There r very few celebrities that tweet anything funny or interesting. Other than & a few others. They r mostly very boring
Gosh, I love my boyfriend.. :)
Just curious, but what is the proper level of celebration for a hoops team that wins the CBI Tournament?
Hmm, just wondering. You do know that you've got Singapore Mahomies, right? In case you didn't, YOU HAVE and WE LOVE YOU!<3
hahaha. I just tell it like it is
La vida del pobre cono, I don't wanna go to work
just waiting for possible LASIK so get used to the four eyes look!
I just learned that the word "truth" is derived from words meaning "believed" rather than "certain". Language is both fascinating & precise.
First student I've seen with a Kindle Fire. I've seen only 1 or 2 students w/ iPads. Lots of laptops - not a lot of places to plug them in.
I think that encores should be warranted. It's been a long time since I've been to a show w/out one. And I've seen some shitty shows
funniest guy ever! Can't wait to see his monologue. :)
this one is for you.then ;)
Exactly. Family & neighbors need to work together in a disaster, esp. to help the very young & very old.
Brutal! Glad I'm in Norcal. It's 89 here. RT The current Phoenix Temp is 116F, high so far 117F!
Some people drink for "effect". It doesn't always have to be new york strip.
haha forreal man? I haven't seen it.
well considering that u just transfered here(which i dont blame ui did too) that might be a good way2 get yourself kicked out.:p
y what he do
Who cut the coney island fart?
If I'm just getting a committee appointment notice today, that means somebody else turned it down, right? I'll be yours anyway,
I wish I went to more boxing matches. Those are fun to go to! Somebody go with me!
it'll be a stretch, but we'll try
Mad props 2 Baseball Hall of Famer #CalRipkenJr 4 all of his support & contributions to the +#Miami+#WomenBuild~^~ and our #Affiliates*.
Pakistani boys lined for handout of rice dinner after devastating floods in pale earth tones steam of cooking rice boys look like fading
lol I think it's gonna be a tough series but interesting at the same time
Have you logged into Google+ today? This week?
Blogged a bit about #dayofhighered Now my laundry should be dry.
RT : as a mother of children with #disabilities my social goal is to make people believe in the power of
They make him $5 mill a year...so a little bit. RT : Coach Calipari care about his players?
we used to finish each others sentences now we walk around like public enemies.
are you a nomad? haha maybe you can give me some tips. Or we can be nomads together:)
goodnight cuzin I'm slp love y'all and tell my little cuzin I love.them to
MT Phi alumna Becky Mann's brother Chris is STILL going strong on The Voice!! Watch tonight on NBC and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
My youngest child told me that when we walk the earth is getting a back massage.
of eyewitnesses, is considered relevant evidence to prove that the conduct was in conformity with the habit or routine practice.
Just learned about 3d printers from "This Old House" when they presented a 3d model house addition
Ashanti-Movies
Taking June accountability sign ups now! #healthy #fitness #motivation #workout #shakeology #beachbody you must sign up by May 26th!
just saw a guy with a head shaped like a trapazoid.
There's a difference between doing everything for ONE man, and doing everything for ANY man...
thanks, those all look great! I'll be poking around for awhile :)
Thanks Mike.
Our people rock! TIA! RT : A BIG THANKS to Gwen Hasse and Barbara Jaeger on getting classes converted to online format and loaded!
Network and post jobs on online social media sites such as Twitter and LinkedIn
Busy morning in paradise...have barely left my hotel room...I think I need some sun and lunch!
and breaking it down at the studio this morning. Like a set - they are breaking down a set.
we're actually just about to release the ep we just recorded, but we'll definitely keep you guys in mind in the future
When referring to a not so innocent girl Mom: what do u call those girls? A hoochie? A hoochie doochie? Me: no mom, just hoochie
remember, any contest related RTs you get count too :)
RT : RT Newt getting 1% of those in exit poll who sed strong moral character most impt candidate quality.} Idiots
yeah none of those would be at the top of my list, but I do get a craving for barbecue every once in a while. sounds fun though!
Tune in NOW to for our NEW show, "IF A SCHOOL IS BROKEN... CAN KIDS FIX IT?"
u already lol!!!
I watched your story, my dad doesn't speak to me, I dont get to see my sisters, my mom has to support me and my bro, (1/2)
Will be fun to hear your news.
Here till 2 we have plenty of Lobster and Crab Grill's today see you soon
gr8 tweets keep on doing it
Going great! For my mom we took her off for the weekend! Went out to eat Friday night & went to a water park yesterday!
To America's leaders: The fear of The Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
I'm in a dance circle w/a guy in a tiger sweatshirt. Where's when I need him?
Saturday Plans??? How about Yoga @ 11am at RAIN FITNESS?
oh yes cuz I hate hair! I just like it on my head lol
You never peel crawfish if they are cooked properly. 1. Break head 2. Bite flesh 3. Pinch tail
you are tho! :) don't worry about it, lol.
Keep checking back for info on the launch of our website and audition details.
ive seeing once at six flags and 2 times with the jonas brothers
Have a great holiday weekend! FOOTBALL!!!! Tailgate Tuesday is 9/7 (6pm) - making the weekend even longer and better! Go Hokies!
It's just one more till then, the weekend
Event day. Ready to raise money for WA kids living in #foster and #kinship care.
my dreams always get crushed..
Morning, Thank you for the reporting
S/O back at ya for the follow!
merp I looked disgusting
couldn't wait to download the new album from iTunes this morning
so I noticed you RTing people, please please follow me!! :D
I believe that was a hack.
Seeing Malkin get 50 goals makes me think how crazy it is to think that Teemu Selanne scored 76 goals as a rookie!
You don't pay taxes - they take taxes. Chris Rock
Feels like a good night for a burger!
I know! Have you ever been chased by a goose? It's terrifying!
It pays to be a pro player to be followed you around this way, instead of the way O.J. was followed around! Haha! 4TRUE!
Consistency of Backstreet is huge. Easy to get caught up in trends. But long-term success is essential to a great food scene.
#MUCat drag and drop on this version of Blackboard! Ooohh. Ah.
alright, alright...
hey there, please DM mailing info so we may send you your tea :)
New topics on www.engagemyfamily.com. Violence in schools and Teachers are Ppl too.
that's even better watch that channel all the time
BIG LIFE DECISIONS
I would absolutely date , even if he is 6 years 10 months and 10 days younger than me.
Every child is different, why are educational systems based on a 'same child' model?
It's your birthday? It's mine too! Happy birthday to everyone! :)
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. ~ Erma Bombeck
Z-Bikes Shop hires roly inc. creative group for a new web make-over. Stay tuned for the new look.
I actually started using it during beta, but found that the notifications are too frequent. It's not for me.
I'm almost too upset to even watch my Lakers play...smh that's when you know I'm shitty.
could I get your real name to friend you on Facebook?
Ur Beautiful And A Great Actress
I've had Aladdin songs stuck in my head all day. Lol wut why.
One of my staff just yelled "You're lying, witch!" to one of the others. They are also firing Nerf guns at each other. My work here i...
Hopefully I take This stupid boot of today.
I said the same thing when I heard the new offspring song.
I hate getting girl "check ups"
I love people who beg for followers but then unfollow...okay, I think it's ridiculous. Don't unfollow if you want people to follow you.
"I'm no Vanderbilt, but this train make hay" best.line.ever. What a ridiculously genius video!
for music of global significance follow
but everything's ok right ? :)
The 2009 Song of The Summer----- I Gotta Feeling by the Black Eyed Peas....
I know right ;o , Ugh. he is just so perfect <3
IF I WERE A BOY!!!
can u find that at the gas station? U know u can buy everything at our gas stations
oh yes that sounds very important!
Lets close this game out #GoSpursGo!!!
do u know any website i can download a free beat maker
Thanks. I really appreciate it.
FTW in the Times yesterday!
Nice win Bisping...sloppy but I've realized you get too much flak just and at core a father of 3 giving all a Champ. GL.
If you want to hear a bunch of sensitive band-guy tweets, follow He's pretty gay and shit.
And !! MT : Attending the Enviro Summit? LiveTweet to
With all of those capital letters, how could you not want to join? Thanks for spreading the word, Jeff and not a virus.
hmm, that is a good idea!
Ah! You young'un :)
so excited for the Ep coming soon
its been like 1 year lol
its board as fuck here
God may be silent, but He's working behind the scenes, working things out for your good.
this is wonderful news! Having our own experieriences with #malaria in #Uganda this news is very exciting!
yeh was up
that was too stupid
Remember the golden age? When film was more about 'get me the butter' than 'show me the money'
A million things to do after school and I end up in my bed until its time to leave for dance
Where do you get your inspirational quotes from?
Haha. Dig your candidness:-) But I am sorry you had to waste your time.:-(
Nice to hear on my voice mail this morning.
i'm going - dont remember why but i am going
This is why Mizz and KS don't scare me, neither can finish or stop anyone
Laying in bed listening to music.
I was moved by your talk and the at judson on Sat. Can we still support movie $$$?
Lol your funny
Achieved Red Rank Level
I don't know that I will ever dig the forced induction bm's.
it's just an update.
The color Brown > RT : James Brown > RT : Cleveland Brown > Mike Brown RT : Niño Brown > Mike Brown
Twitter really sucked today
Mom came home.. She opens the front door and says "It smells like pot..... Silent.
Could it be??
yup. Pilot dead. BYE PILOT! But no last season Derek got shot, this season he's sucked out of a plane.. I mean REALLY? REALLY?
Lol ok i got that fasho...
Messagenet, a European internet phone service based in Italy, has joined Cisco in filing the appeal
Coach Lombardi, Rutgers men's hoops coach Mike Rice share the same thought.."We didn't lose we just ran outta time." Both also Fordham grads
Here's a local link you can trust! We're streaming live from The INCREMENT OF 1 Small business summit. #abq ustream.tv/channel/incrementof1
Bloody Mary's or Manmosas this morning? The choice of 2012.
Kiefer Sutherland, you're not allowed to ALREADY be in a new show on Fox that's about you saving the world.
Wtf did I get myself into....
While walking through campus, reminiscing about the last 5 years on my last full day of classes, TIME AFTER TIME COMES ON MY IPOD.
Thanks reverb artist, your rockin tonight !
bad since I'm biting my tongue
This isn't my week
Barnum was wrong - it's more like every 30 seconds.
Cool, as a playwright I work with a lot of actors. :) Matthew
Life is a grind...!!! You did an amazing job on "STALKER" Ms. Nunn...! You have a big future ahead of you in film...!
That's so awesome!
it's funny you should say that because everytime i look in the mirror, i feel a bit sick xx
hey get invited to any parties lately? (;
Hope everyone has a successful show at Western this week! Cheers!
I'm going to believe...... but need a bit of inspiration today.
if only my monologue was as good as my headshot... xD
I just finished it! It was so yummy! You should make one too! ;)
GMYH?! this is the best thing since sliced bread!
I want to drink out a water fountain on top of a fire hydrant
I keep waking up with nightmares. What the hell?
"b.tch you aint rich" im ms hinton's voice. Lmao i love this teacher
We live in a day and age where it's not "cool" to stick by your religious beliefs. Kudos for going against the grain!
Think about this...if everyone in the world got #starbucks in the morning...wouldn't the world be a better place?
your a past employee so your in the clear
always jacking the swag
start the countdown....
Let BAM Marketing &| BAM Designs help you brand your yourself or your company!
Amen, Brother. Loving the book. Smelling like a best seller.
if he scores as many points as he did last year he'll crack the top ten all-time career scorers.
you down in Florida?? Heading down in a couple weeks for a softball tourney. We Could use you haha
Great time with our beach models! #beachvb today! Awesome photoshoot great videos!
Today, March 15th, is Companies that Care Day. Visit some of our local non-profits whom we've donated services to and make a difference!
A few more orders shipped out today, make sure to pick up a tank or crew soon, we're starting to run out of some sizes!
the day I met Sam Auday...
Great story! Where would we all be without our mentors!?
I'm fine :D
good work this week.Now we have a sick addition to the place. It couldn't have turned out better.
Never try to explain yourself to yourself.
i needed something like, thanks!! :)
Just stalked a turkey in the woods with a pocket knife...son bitch gotta way
When Mrs. Mattio asks what a beca is and only , erin, and I know
Pharmacy interns are making herbal preparations in the ABC kitchen today- enriching their skills and knowledge to include herbal medicine.
If you register by 9 tonight you'll be good. After 9 there is a late fee. Do it!
DAYDREAM THERAPY presentation from UCLA Archive - hopefully LA Rebellion Films can be unorphaned-Allyson Nadia Field
Haha I've watched 2 mins of this game and the lickers are 0-5 of fg and a kid got tossed and they down by 20+ AND Kobe ain't in lmao
Just left school ! Happy Af ! (;
What on Earth was World Peace thinking? Lol
show you sum detroit luv your so damn sexy muah goregous
Hi there!
i wanna leave this town !
hey its my birthday turned 16
exactly. And the limited sharing/importing options - not quite perfect. Thanks for letting me know abt the other apps!
big win!
I do not like your empty desk! Coffee/brunch soon.
So ready for bed. Where are you bed?
Thanks for the love, and making us happy!
- We're excited to have you! Your very own pair of geek glasses is ready and waiting for you here in Herndon. ;)
In Criss Cross (1949), de Carlo's last line to Lancaster, as she dumps him—I'm sorry you don't know how to help yourself—makes the movie
you're my boy blue!
okay, whenever....you can then
please do.
For some reason it is 20 degrees in vegas..sux!
What's good with ya! How's your 2012 calendar lookin!
wtf? They only people who will see this are people who own legit copies! They are begging the honest to pirate...
That's so awesome! Those Super Pac segments were GOLDEN!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!
Get off my twitter hoe lol
It is the same life that is rocked in the ocean-cradle of birth and of death, in ebb and in flow
I have to stay up 'til midnight to get an Etsy showcase. :/ Hopefully I can click quick and get a bracelet and earring spot!
i am following u better follow back
installing a jacuzzi in the bathroom?
Serious about us "wear our jerseys" ? Not happening.
Finally watched 'Who Killed the Electric Car?' Is there any wonder how a company with such little vision & foresight crumbled?
Second-team offense looks lifeless so far with Joe Brennan at QB. Consecutive three-and-outs
thanks Doug. Back on the case Monday. It's been a fun week
Just saw your tweet about getting famous the old-fashioned way. Oh, yes, we're definitely related.... Bwah hah hah haaaah ;-)
so, so sad. One of the greats.
Hall and Oates
i've never seen pearl jam live!!! they're awesome.
12 comedy scripts came across my desk overnight. Long day ahead!
Bennett: text as bodies that light up by rending human perception more acute
#FF my awesome co-workers at : - all assisting in making me a Twitter celeb.
Ashleigh and her sisters were asked to open up for Chris Heroldt this Friday night at William Alexander's!
Back at RIT
I need a clone! Maybe 2!
Always vote its your duty
I want to go to a concert.
What a scowl on #EricCantor's face!
our pleasure! Thank you for helping make the night a special one of all of the Matchbox Twenty fans.
Close to 100 cappers with their plays posted free today and we have 3 consensus from their pks with a late 1 on Montana -4
Does that mean I can expense it at work?
Copper Kettle beers are brewing, pouring and bottling. Join in the fun!
When you include people from the beginning, things always seem to go smoother.
how old is wallace??
Get like me, stunting is a habit. LOL
hey : thanks for the serum vs. moisturizer tutorial! OMG, I love that genics moisturizer.. it's like heaven on my face
good to see max b trending
I'm crying watching #NEVERSAYNEVER i really love this boy is my life
not sure what u sent but I couldn't view it.
When shit hits the fan.....#HeGone!!
Should I see Headhunters or The Avengers (Again) this weekend?
Oh man, am I going to have to owe you royalties if I go forward with that?
Can't sleep...
Who has the modeling connect? Im trynna work with the #BigMan #Model #Modeling follow/DM me...
Thank you for the follow. Hope to see you on the dance floor :)
Nw Cali Supreme vs TX Titans...
"For the first time in two decades, Osama bin Laden is not a threat to this country." And only half the room stands to applaud?
I jusst seen a girl with purple hair , a purple dress & purple shoes . I think she likes purple guyss :p
what up yall what yall doin today im going to the mall with my friends today
RT : Q6: Has your family made a SIMPLE difference in your community to help kids in need?
is on his man period.
wow. Thank you for sharing that
Sounds like they fixed Bane's voice in the new Batman trailer.
TINLEIGH STAR!?!?!? omfg that child will get made fun of.
Today's Soups: Cream of Butternut Squash with Granny Smith apples & Country Vegetable
...and Near Field Communication #NFC is about to be a must-have. HP should be at the edge of the darn hardware curve, not 1-2 years behind!
Work work work all day long and no play :-( makes kt sad
I hate lol usage almost as much as I hate how many times my neighbor goes up and down the stairs while I'm trying to sleep
haha im late im late...im here tho!
Have a wonderful, safe holiday everyone! Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them.
Another late night with the fish!!!! Let's go !!!!
miss ya more:/
Please tell me that is Dutch slang for a snack :) > : just havin a poop. brb.
#IfIHadOneWish it would be to relive Winter Break...or 2009.
llistening to Carrie Underwood right now makes me feel like Butterflies&rainbows(:
Like this if you're stoked to hear our debut release, "The Rake & Slender Man" <U+2665>
Nice to tweet you, too! RT : Thank you for following, looking forward to tweeting soon!
Prince Ali (Reprise) stuck in my head this morning, for no reason whatsoever. I am either still a child, or totally awesome.
Fuck my life dude.
lol I'm set up outside of public house so I know exactly what you mean
Thank you so very much, from the both of us.
I'm not a fan of the Browns trading up to get Trent Richardson. I liked other players to them more, and now lose other picks.
Jeff Van Gundy said it earlier, "every possession counts"
Fixed archive issue. Thanks for the head's up!
Go Clippers! I see you Nick Young! Trojan 4 Life!
Just woke up getting ready for another greak week at work. Gotta make gottaa make that money mane
It was cancelled.....
What do you think is WayCool?
I love you so much <3
Definitely let us know what you think!
lets drink immediately after work
I didn't post that lmao.
my fuckin boy tried to bury old yeller this afternoon...turned out he was diggin' in pet semitary..WTF now bruh? double tap her!!!
yea thnks man it seems guys can't make teams? Everybody thinks this is a chick team? Wtf
prove it! hah, still think it'd be interesting to chat. email/FB me for deets
Hey back at you, it's only 3 weeks late! :)
shout out to who pretty much got me thru hell week, thank you for being such a great friend!!!! <3
can't wait you guys!
Tweeting from the beach...its Reggae in the Park this February 19th! 16801 Miramar Parkway â<U+FFFD>¢ Miramar, FL
Wrong WOW! RT : ; the better ? Is how is it MLB gives it 2 ALL? No matter what! Degrees don't cover medical bills!
okay what's the track called I really like it! :D
STEM to STEAM - I hope they'll find a compelling argument for including art education w/ science, tech, engineering, & math
Thank you my brother....
Best friend! Where are you?! #IFUCKINGMISSYOU!!! D,:
commerce claims to have over 240 poker tables. Foxwoods nowhere close in poker tables.
I kind of like singing (just a little), which kind of requires lung function. Just a bit.
Glory Glory Man United!!!!
“: I think I'm afraid to be happy. Because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.”
Good point!
This week was the craziest week of my life, but the best. I love everyone of these guys
No! Sorry, we had sold out of meat when you came by, but we'll be back from 10:30pm-2:30am tonight with more meat. Come by!
Aiight LeBron! Time to get a new mouth piece! LMAO
GnG? Wearing Cowboy's jersey out to bar to watch Super Bowl this year?
Also fun to jetski across
Good point. When role don't run. I have claustrophobic heart palpitations on crowded subway stairs.
It might cost him the next election, but THAT'S what you call a President.
I'm really hating on this last season of Survivor of the facebook like page haha. Hated it so much(:
Book Your Next Event at The Spa Bar!!! We Love Events!!
Hey Vi, how're u?Things r great! & i've been busy with our food event! which U'd join! Check out ! NYC misses u!
Love is a choice you make every day.
Agh I dropped my phone this morning! And my screen cracked...
TO THE MOTHERFUCKER THAT BRIKE INTO MY BOYS CAR. YOU ARE A FUCKING PUSSY SHOW YOUR FUCKING FACE LIKE A FUCKING MAN AND GET WATS COMING! R/T
Interested in participating? Sign up for The Gourmet Expo today!
Out in tustin Michigan
. wants to tweet about how friggin sweet Avengers was but is phone is being stupid.
miss u <3
"40 IN MY HAND AND I AINT TALKIN BOUT A PISTOL"
your tweets make me miss college, except for the class part
Yes The Heater On The Bus Works ^o^ <SCORE! lol
Attention: Faculty, Students and Staff Bramson ORT College is closed December 31st, 2010 and open on Sunday January 2nd, 2011.
Sad to hear that Adam Yauch died. Vividly recall listening to Licensed To Ill over and over. He was a tremendous activist as well.
UK wins the championship Monday. MLB baseball opening day today. My perfect sports week.
not following me? :(
I want to go to a museum.
« Fuck you cancer. Fuck you. You are taking everyone that is good early. RIP MCA. #fuckcancer»
creep on me please?!(:
no your not
Sometimes, your knight in shining armor, is just a retard in tin foil
God willing y'all get it girl
Big game Saturday! Ball hard, get a win!
Also hit up "Over the Rhine" area. It's like a cool hip younger sister to Broad Ripple. has great tweets too!
so... twitter has neglected me...
Boyfriend is on New York Z100! yuussss
Cannot believe I'm watching One Tree Hill end right now.
My partner and friend the Iron Man of Startups at Seattle Startup Awards
good good. and then you ran. lol
The herbs you donated last year are SO BEAUTIFUL at our many gardens! Just wantd to say Thanks x a million - Happy Season!
I Fell asleep RT You guys ok I know that Desperate Housewives series finale has us all in a funk today.Be strong.
Vote Rudy Reyes for Santee city council
Serena on U.S. Fed Cup team; Venus not playing WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP)—Serena Williams is on the U.S. Fed Cup roster for matches agains
Part of true growth is accepting what u did wrong,and really changing. Intentional or not. Accept it,digest it, and take what comes from it
Beliebers Are Unstoppable! YOU KNOW IT! Haters better watch their backs.(:
What's the biggest challenge Champaign, as a city, faces in the near future?
: but is it really? He's a total jackass. And hates working people.
I'm a fair business man and I have a very solid record. If I'm at the table, we all walk away in the black. **straightens tie**
wanna make me happy? watch Gaga videos with me.
NFL Draft Rumors: Why Minnesota Vikings Should Forget Trading Down from No. 3
Hate the Lakers and Thunder. Fuck who wins
RT : RT RT : Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel.
so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow
Going to bed with a smile on my face. This is a first in a long time. :)
yea, i'm getting off
you will you will mention me going to his <U+E411><U+E107><U+E023><U+E327>
EH! YOU GOT MY MEDICINE?!
I don't see red on the website...hopefully they have it at the store, otherwise you just got my hopes up for nothin' ;)
going for pizza and you?
Let us know how we can help -- sounds like you've developed a great resource!
you're the best perimeter defender in the nba, wish you played for the cavs
Loved watching Joey Pankake of tonite: great name and had 5 knocks!
#SHRM11 - Who are the #HR #Entrepreneurs of today?
Great selection by the lady behind UKs bench to wear the floral shirt. True fan
hiding behind a tree, spying on a peculiar slug
In two mins I was born 19 years ago.
Let's go Clippers!!!!!!
Academy way to be over PC tonight, buy giving awards to all the foreign films you could.
: whattuuuuuup? sweet pic. check you out: all 'bout to be a movie star!
ME TOO. I'm dying for Nick and Jess to get together and I spend WAY too much time thinking about it. I need a life.
lol overrated skill set. Where's the dotted line when you need it?
And it was good. But I'm left wondering if a calve had a heart what might it taste like?
what are you downloading
#forthelasttime no I'm not!!!!
Indy statehouse is LOUD. Worker advocates are in their house opposing
#EDU11 mass marketing is average stuff for average people
I wanna remake Warhorse with an elephant. Or Tom Cruise.
has been put on the 15 day DL with the rest of the team for a mild hip flexor strain in yesterday's practice slide.
We just loudly talked about it, until the father caught the hint and put a stop to it. It was a nice restaurant too
QoTD: "One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others." (Moliere)
hey Claire
Awesome affirmation for this moment!
I hate Finals!
Coach Cal is so awesome
What's up with the #Lobos?
please make the right decision and suspend weber. it's absolutely a punishable act and the nhl shouldn't stand for it.
Lmao RT : : sitting in the Paranormal Activity theater right now...I have a diaper in case I crap my pants.
on my way to Harrisburg for #barcamp. looking forward to imaginative solutions for tech and ed.
Yes and no, it depends on how much income the family is earning.
And Merrill comes right back for Philly. The score is 14-10 with Rochester still in the lead.
Let's turn this thing around. Cubs suck. Go Brewers.
did you get my text ? Lol
Oh. My. God. So bored. Somebody please text me or tweet me or SOMETHING!!
But I don't know how long Monsieur Lazhar is gonna play, so I'll probably watch that tomorrow. Only other movie I want to
thnks for the follow back. Humbled.
Hay onion and garlic guy in the seat behind me, I hope you don't have a lot of face to face meetings today
Bring it! RT : LOL! Happy Monday we must talk! ...don't be scurrred! LOL
Im not gonna get cyberbullied and commide suicide for a ugly ass bitch who keep wasting my time
#4evanaday. I have a thing for title tracks And you don't disappoint fam.
Awesome, glad to hear it!
RT How is it a strike if the only people who participate are those no one wants to employ? || You knock ten down with a single ball?
Every day I give my all because thats all I got to give...
Bored out my mind
Amy says the guy that runs the local Wounded Warriors Project can connect you. He's a gym member. She will send his info ur way.
Pictures will be taken!
G/f b-day 2day Hopefully I can make it special She supports all of my coachin efforts That is tougher than most ppl realize. She is the best
Oh shit I feel like im on a top secret mission <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i think somewhere on the inner part of my arm or on my ribs
Happy Mother's day! Thanks to all the mothers who pave the way, and all the hard working single mothers. Nothing goes unnoticed.
loves converting people into gleeks!! :-D
#3WordsOfAdvice don't get caught.
Everything worth anything is both terrifying and beautiful
McDonald’s sponsors Houston Texans’ mobile marketing initiatives
you still have my number right?
thanks for the FF.
Awesome, I'm sitting down right now just chilling
any tornadoes?
I cant neva catch a break .... (sigh)
It's been awhile since I've felt the burn. I need to start a routine.
Hey hun, how are you?
Japanese games are crazy. In a good way.
I have to say I love the way you dig up 's flips. Better then the
we make a healthy version of scrapple as well. AND we ship to you! www.weatcoastscrapple.com
From #smcsea: Compute social media ROI by calculating how much you save by using social media for customer service.
it's #Friday. it's #HappyHour. it's
The difference between a slash+burn CEO or build a better mouse trap CEO is the same as republican vs democrat, which CEO would you hire?
's application TweetMyPaper Http://tweetmyrpaper.com restricts writers to writing in 145 character increments .
pep assembly was fun. put makeup on my friend blindfolded. :D
Glad you agree!! Silly me for my error of "thinks" instead of "think"! =P
Girls want bad boys. Women want good men.
#NW: Boyfriend- Justin Bieber.
I remember Obama being in Austin back before anyone took is candidacy seriously... except the 10K + who showed up to hear him speak
I'm really craving for hot fries.. About to make a quick stop. #addicted <U+270C>
yes! I think national average is closer to 60%. I know in Indiana, where I've worked with their data alot, it's closer to 75%
Ecuador Love Viva Ecuador Viva Ecuador The only Full Blooded Ecuador in my school This is weird O_O But at least I'm one of a kind teehee
I'm not even going to ask what that might smell like when it goes bad.
you have a nice car
is the most sweet #BOYFRIEND!
#newmexico is worth developing an obsession with.
Catherine Roper has resigned as vice president from the #AlexandriaVA Chamber of Commerce effective May 16.
Are you taking advantage of the longest day of the year? What do you have on your agenda today? Happy First Day of Summer!
I AM NOT BLONDE ANY MORE
Really really lol RT Lol um did Fox just tweet that??
If life's not going right don't blame it on God He is the same God that led you in and He'll be the same God that leads you out!
preach! Was just commenting on the same thing: "I thought we were out of cheese, but apparently not cuz Joe Buck is here"
could you stop bitching for 5 minutes. like damn, shut up.
You were born an original. Don't die a copy.
I have been trying to get you to notice me for awhile now. But, even though i really wish you would, I will NEVER give up.(;
Still disconcerting overall R vs D numbers. Going to be a rough 6/5 ride even if we win. R reports fast ....
I'm going to create a new anti-skinny jean, since most skinny jeans make me want to cry. fatty jeans. duh
what are you cooking?
doing that NOW! ;-) A storm is coming and I'm gonna go watch! Love storms
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE 25 already??
you seriously don't know?
get my own place...but so want a roommate that would be fuckin awesome
I luv you and ur really cute
Don't know what I'll do today. May stay home and write more songs
Happy National DECA Week!
Congrats, !! Wow, how awesome!
We're turning it up this year, X-RATED.....
meweto night big.
Lucas, on facebook? LINK?
OMG it was amazing! We got our cd signed and talked to them! I was gonna mention to nick the Maroon 5 concert but totally forgot
Thanks for the RT, Ron; it's definitely appreciated!
Thank you for your focus on and vision for public education in Oregon. And for your support of Cradle to Career.
A cast-iron pan is your best bet when frying - it has the best retention of heat. Just in case you are frying up some bacon this Saturday...
Ive spent much time in & study of Sudan & have seen the brutality of Bashir. Come 2 the MeckYoungGop debate 2morrow 4 more
loved that sport science episode! That was awesome! And of course 's episode back in the day too!
don't feel like tweeting. DM if anyone wanstaa talk
I like that new Justin Bieber song.
Love Tavolata. Looking fwd to catching up with Marvin Theimer again and to good food/wine :-)
How does FOX find these idiots? Affirmative Action for Racist Morons? Their idiotic & hateful broadcast confirms that fact.
Nice rich colors! I see we both have a thing for masks. I have a whole series of characters with shield like masks & really long limbs. :)
#lincolnpark? RT : Seeking 2 great stores worth "bragging" about for our next magazine issue. IS that your store? Let me know!
RT Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville.
congrats & have a blast!
fun fact of the day: The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
FULLY receiving & embracing God's grace brings total P.E.A.C.E. (Provided Effortlessly Activated Calming Effect)
metallica is just trolling their fanbase at this point.
Cuban breakfast would hit the spot right now
The moment I wanna be ALONE you come get me. -.- Ughh!
I wish that boy was still mine.
Yup, just accidentally ate a piece of plastic wrap. My bad, intestines.
I already read this book
Have you ever considered space travel? Would you like to someday do that?
My pet peeve is exclamation marks. Some people think just about anything is exciting.
please post a pix of ur Dad's new hauler. Good luck out west!!
thanks for the follow james! what was that...?
gotta get this money so back to sleep ill go...:(
we are looking for models for their upcoming fashion show! Male and Female! DM for more info
Florida installed the 2006 Final Four court in O'Connell Center. Wonder if the New Orleans Floor will wind up in Rupp Arena?
haha I'm sure, I'm sure :)
oh my we have a private event in the cellar this evening, we are closed, our apologies. Thurs2/2/12.
Oprah keeps getting interrupted by these darn tornado warnings. Don't care if the house blows away, just lemme get my Oprah fix while I can!
1 hour till I get my surprise:)
Seriously???? How fantastic!
hopefully you'll make your to los angeles sometime soon haayyyahhh!
Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word. Jim Rohn
I don't understand "scrapbooking."
who the fuck is emerald?
Mother says her 14 year old special needs child is missing after leaving school today. Search underway now. We'll be live with details at 4.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
"to him that watches, everything is revealed"
I'm curious if anyone has insight into whether or not DOB will impact 2013 skill position recruiting
#somoclo packed house at British Consolate (Boston). 's Andrew Borg on stage. 4 attendees arrived based on DM via Twitter.
Orlando can never hold a fn lead
Just in case you didn't know, March is Cabaret month, check out Cabaret News
Learning about alien life @ TJO! (Lifespan of our Sun is next)
RT : Lookout for the new website for we on it!
I've decided my conversational style is "charismatic jackass"
Well alright :(
My life coach said I should quit twitter because you guys are just encouraging me. I responded "I need all the encouragement I can get"
lol he's your favorite?
I just unsubscribed from every daily deal site and I FEEL WONDERFUL. See ya Groupon, LivingSocial, and the rest of ya.
So Jeremy Lin was at my store today, I'm gonna have to start a paparazzi business up there, lol
got the #buckeye victory...now lets go #bulls!
I got to do extra stretching today
Meanwhile while Emilio was typing his paper, he got a text, then a fb notification, and now....sigh...this paper is not gunna be done!
Not in my experience, no. "Equality" orgs don't tend to be trans-friendly, either, generally. #JustSayin'
number is 9174363278 :)
YES!! She is. is a major source of inspiration to me. Thanks for using your Divine Gift to make her happy!
Thanks! Really enjoyed speaking this morning, sounds like an interesting class!
Who wants to Try out for the Chiefs Rumble? 77,000 Fans will be screaming
while #Giants think of Tyree & Manningham, the #Patriots think of Samuel & Welker.
ah thak you! ill kill just for you!
YES Vince Carter!!! I looovvvveee that guy!!
Goodnight my twitter loves.....
I'm just noticing a bias of mine and finding it strange, I guess.
Good for you! Staying with someone out of guilt, pity, or obligation never works.
Wonderful time in Michigan. Headed to Illinois
I haven't. Just looked it up and it sounds fascinating. RT : have you read Things Fall Apart?
Talkin' 'bout hey now, hey now! Hey now, hey now! Iko, iko unday
Stayed home from school today ^___^
Hey Ella! Wats ur Facebook name so i can add u!
thanks for the retweet!
AND got a few wedding thank you notes done. Only two left!
Good Morning! It's great to be back in Minnesota. What a March! I even pulled out my grill!
If I haven't changed it by tomorrow, remind me (no snark/irony intended; I may really forget to do it).
. U have #IHeartRadio , nice. But with isn't it really, IHateRadio? Time for Rush to go.
Okay, I see you, 'Attack The Block.' Now that's a summer movie. If there were any justice in the world, this thing would be 'Jaws.'
When was the first time you tried Johnny's Pizza?
My dog seriously takes up 3/4 of this queen sized bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I don't know dude you tell me
Good morning everyone! beautiful day today. Was at the Yankees stadium yesterday!!
Looking for a new gig? We're hiring! Recent grads, please email your resume and writing samples to
just trying to take life one day at a time.
going to try & attempt to see today at the Tribeca Film Festival. hopefully, this will be successful. (': x
My mother wants me to skip clinicals today...strange? Yes. But will I go with it? YES.(:
4 minutes? That's Fergie time... (Not really, just nervous)
Yeah, not the Paris I remember either! Especially not for $29.99 a night.
Touring a sustainable kitchen to expand into! Very cool...
nice! I just did a 6 day liquid diet too. But mine was with beer. :) have a fantastic day
Note to all: when shooting #slapshot s keep your head up. Pucks hurt when they hit your knee. or pls yell fore!
I think I've got it in my e mail.
Umphreys this weekend, BBQ fest next, super bowl, AC after that, NASCAR starts, hoboken st pats day. Mentally I'm almost in spring!!!
The new regime in charge of Egypt is crazy...I wonder who would actually take the govt up on that offer
if he followed me ide eat subway for ever pkay basketball everyday have a bag full of skittles and scream hehe<U+2665>
Classic Wednesday's @ One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy Hour @ your premier downtown spot. DJ MIke T spinning Hip Hop, R&B and Top 40 9-close!
Life would be really diferent without Facebook and Twitter
Congratulations to Steve Bartkowski of Buchser HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame
A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself. Real love is letting a person be what he/she really is.
Hate, hate, hate letting anyone but Rodgers throw a pass. #packers don't need gimmicks. That 3 and out is on McCarthy.
: "Mullet finding aid" short in the front, long in the back - in the Reference panel:
we are going to be some tired #wine drinkers! See ya in Virginny!
I'm mad as hell cause he playing and hanging with theme but don't want to be with me like #WTF!! -_-
No problem! I certainly need to do something to my slightly pathetic facebook page. Keep me updated on your stuff.
Ha! Love the Jerk reference!
Come out tonight and watch us at City Tavern (1402 Main Street Dallas, TX 75201)! We go on at 9:00!
#wiunion People in Texas talking about their bad news system, #EDU at
I think it's time to go to the pool.
I'm pretty sure our pizza could cure cancer.
who's Dominick?
In case you missed it, boozecamp is teaming up with We will have at least one event a month with specials and giveaways.
yes indeed..lol
Does anyone have any questions for ? Were interviewing them this Saturday at their show, if you're in town you should stop by:)
RT Such a productive weekend!! Back on my exercise/diet regimen and so organized....feels great!!!
Hormats: we must get our financial house in order.Less money will be available' need a "creative, frugal foreign policy"
Also from that comment: "Nobody is really interested in a transformation that involves them."
you should really check out spreecast as an alternative social video platform.
now here we have secret sauce
End of the first period. Delaware leads Oakland 2-0.
Thank you. I've enjoyed being a part of the conversation and sharing my vision for true representation of the people.
keep it together Helen
Good on Martin Rennie to take Atiba Harris off. He and Valdea would have for into it again. And he was already on the yellow.
you would but then again you love everything he does
don't down yourself you may never know until you try
haha yeah I was! Just ducked in to eat really quickly; didn't gamble at all. You shoulda said hey!
6:33 am here; near Chicago, IL!
Jammin on my planner
in the end the Giants triumphed by kicking an oblong ball made of pigskin through a big H!
in hindsight - of course. #Tigers would have won had won had he done so. Tough choice in the moment though.
they called it for kinzinger late last night. such a brutal primary!
that's awesome. I just need to get hooked on water somehow. Some mio or something.
I been had dat. & no I'm not a boy, but why the "z" ?
Relaxing and enjoying the day!
Does J Cutty still live in ur bldg. Need to drop some #GreaterThan!?
Told you I'd tweet at you :) Thanks so much for everything yesterday at the #sustainablefeast. You guys were awesome!
Fall registration now open at www.yatkids.org
To quote the great Blazing Saddles, "What in the Wide Wide World of Sports is going on here?"
Fucking empathy, man. Gets me every time.
rain..rain rain and more rain
I guess it's time to put the Christmas decorations away :( (but will wait 'til after Russian Christmas!)
I never voluntarily watch kids shows anymore. Man, i'd forgotten how good Curious George is! Woo!
Hi,i love you. Tell me you love me too.
#early bird catches the worm..#let's Kayuh..
ah for sugery goodness - and here I am stuck on no carbs-no sugars ... = #HRCupcakes torchure
Friday is one of my favorite days of the week... It's the day I get to endorse checks!
Certified Nursing assistant this year...
You want to make sure you get a tattoo that says "forever young" in a place that won't sag.
"You sorry excuse for someone I was into" I hope she cheats on you x Marsha Ambrosius
Going to delete this
Are you ready for the weekend?
Padre game delayed because of rain. GREAT. Now what?
aw no worries it alright :) I hope you get it back too #FingersCrossed ;) but hey f4f on this one?
Shoutout For [: Follow her (: !
Just finished a workshop w/ RJ Cooper "Not Just Apps Make iPads Accessible". He's so full of passion. I always like him
At dinner w/"Happy Feet" writer New stuff to come out soon! Can't wait!
Lunch with TED is today! Will we see you at the space today?
Nothin' but green tea this a.m.
Watching Simpsons in world geo ,
can u send the link again? Not an early bird. Never will be.
The distance in the race.
Too many words, too little meaning.
Thanks! right back at cha! RT: Have a fab weekend doll! xoxo
aint up to no good w a Bogus Book this week Editor #The Amateur; The #BarackObama In The White House.
Lately, even on days where I have a bunch of contact and engagement, next day I still dip down.
Wish I had the garlic info on food poisoning last summer. Bad shimp at a national food chain. Boy did it hurt.Lost a few pound
Every action you take builds your reputation. Are you happy with what you have built today?
How are skunks able to avoid danger?By using their instinks and common scents!
can we have a sloppy cakes date when i get back in 2 weeks?
I love Sadie's tweets right now. Omg, I agree with everything she is saying! oh mah lawd.
Avengers was a great movie. Far exceeded all my expectations.
RT : I asked my mom what she taught a blade runner was and she said it was a vampire. xD
U CAN HANDLE IT LOL
well just wondering I didnt recognize it so
Thanks for watching, Erik. Darren always brings out my best.
What a beautiful leap over everyone by Bradshaw for the lead! He is kickin ass this game!
Unfollow this page and follow me now I will follow back
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Stop, Drop, Kill
Congrats to Linda Ackerman for receiving the Daniel A. Taylor Memorial Award at the CYA Luncheon today!
ABC still on commercials FML
Management Final today. Would appreciate you crossing your fingers for me (just in case).
For me, Editing is a night activity-when its dark-getting lost in the footage-Writing is great in Day-taking powerbook to cafe
don't have your number my # is 304-669-3470
are you going to mgf tonight?
English test on Hiroshima tomorrow
There ain't no body as bomb as me, i'm as cold as the breeze, i'm the bee's knees, his legs and his arms
you're weird
no im not selfish. yea i met austin already. so..? i love him the same way u do dosent mean i cant go see him cause i already did.
And we have a minority sighting!!
RT : What if we could learn to think, act and communicate like those who inspire?
Thanks for the follow although I dont know about you emailing me bullshit.
If Kobe dnt fuck take over
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
hahaa good! No longer eattin ice cream in the cold :p
What time is it? Sturgeon-seventeen.
You can market this to future students via IPC in Course Guide uses social media to engage classroom.
PC: "Unable to locate missing file" Me: "Well you'd better find it soon asshole before you end up in a heap on the garage floor."
did you see the trailer yet?
NO #SOPA NO #PIPA! What is wrong with our government? Oops! Can I still say that?
Tuesday night is a perfect night to listen to music. Come to Wicked Willy's, earn some LocalBonus points and listen to some music!...
Whoops I don't know what just happened. But yeah I'm back on twitter. Still doing music. And loving Chicago. How are you?
Aw! Get well soon so u can enjoy the summer! :D
it was awesome
can I get a RT if you are feeling any better
Texas should invade newmexico. Worst state in union.
#dailyfeedback Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! We're looking for rock and pop songs with a Latin influence. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
this weekend!
TRO for Occupy
OMG GUYZ MAX RETWEETED ME AM I COOL YET
happy new years eve everyone! #ringingingthenewyears <3(:
Snack time= french fries
Who is excited about the #nuggets game last night?
Stay strong baby, we love you <3
“: Chitown is currently my town.” You are fair weather!
Always go to court.
Artemisia's booth is going to be lit up with cool technology stuff at the conference - and yes we are bringing the fun too!
If u r referring 2 Yirgalem, it closed 5 yrs ago. Buraka still exists, tho. I have tons of suggestions 4 ya; pls DM me ur email.
and this is why the comedy section is the best part of the emmys!
Brushed roughly a pound of fur off the house tigers today.
There is no line at the union for jcole tickets; drake was sold out by this time lol poor jcole its a
ahahah gutted;)and seriously?
Actually forget that Im not asking her.
Top o' the mornin to ya .
all the beliebers hate that girl ......why ?? Say bad things about justin bieber !!!!
every time i get on twitter was just on like 5 minutes before! :( y cant we be on at the same time?
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
This dude is slow DL. Who is he fooling. His wife
Would love to see your site.
IRS Agent just congratulated me for passing a random IRS audit in 45 mins. She said it usually takes two 4hr appointments. But I was ready!
pickles wine and carrot cake...perfection
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your materials consistent with your brand? PowerPt templates? Soc media profiles? Nametags? Videos?
just did i spent my whole life in jersey an work was hard too find
"May Darwin be with you." -- best thing I've heard all day
RT Was that Kobe or Khloe out there tonight??
Loud Out Laugh, will I do! RT : Only once, you live.
U know who u are
who is going to shoot a full court shot when they need it? only time he gets off the bench
"everyone sees it's you, and i never want to lose that view"
oh man. i hate oatmeal.
#IfYouBelieveHavoc you think Young Buck & Game DONT need fiddy/ g-unit
you know wats funny if i were one og the big quote accounts i would hav 100's of followers but im not so oh well dnt read mine see if i care
Today is like the opposite of what a birthday should be...except I'm still getting older.
Im in Denver atm. Last show is Tuesday. But i maybe doing my own weekly podcast this summer?
Stop screwing your girlfriend in my shower! I don't wanna be a grandmother! When you moving out?
At #NSVFSummit, Howard Fuller says movement is in street fight but reformers are approaching like a college debate; must become more radical
Go be surppised if I rip my gloves off and mess your face up!!!!!!! And then going to see the girl and then GETTING SMASHED! Wot a weekend:)
Love is like a plant, if you stop watering the plant eventually the plant will die. The plant was meant to be watered from beginning to end”
"Devil in the Grove" by Gilbert King. It's abt Thurgood Marshall, the NAACP, and race relations in 1940s Florida. Love it!
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths
Traveling to Cassadaga tonight. I'd you don't hear from us again, assume the worst.
man I like to sit people I know! Hahaha
Getting ready to head to the capital
My bf is 19. He knows everything about everything. I just need to come to terms with that.
Still time for a late lunch at the Bakehouse--$4 salads all afternoon every Monday!! Plz rt
haha we will see
I don't work till Wednesday :)
JK Rowling was the first person to become a billionaire by writing books.
lets help make #RyanKennedy's wish come true; a 9-year old from just wants to trend worldwide to raise awareness for cancer
We love each other right? Fact or fiction?
“: Or "Rubiq" - deadmau5. Don't lie, you've never heard of it. Once again, it's my duty.” #LIES some of us have heard this!
Watching Lilo and Stitch <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A>
I think that means it's time to visit me :)
Anyone not following is missing some fabulous snark re #Kony2012BeyondFamous | early
Just finished making chopped liver. I feel like an 80 year old Lithuanian woman. Come to think of it, I kinda smell like one, too.
i am the best
___-++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
as long as you have completed no more than 1/3rd of the credit requirements toward your MLIS by June 1st 2010 you're eligible
guess you cant go to prom unless you want some thirtsy senior to take you
You'd think you would be able to get straight answers out of people who use all your gear and pretty much live in your studio.
resting my arms
glad you enjoyed the article brett!
Early start before work :)
don't waste any seconds of your life for not having me counted...
Check out this video clip of me, Nick Jost and Sam Jewell at last week in Calgary, Alberta and also subscribe to my youtube channel @ lbjtv1
One more final separates me and a relaxing summer...... just kidding. I'm taking summer classes.
Almost forgot about him! :) RT : At least we're not eagerly counting down the days until Lackey returns!
One good thing to being in CT, I get to listen to Elvis Duran :-)
If you haven't go check out! My Facebook page to look at some projects i have done! :)
Adele is an amazing singer. Timeless and a true artist.
get all that garbage out of sight or you dont go out friday night.
#RYV like to thank our followers and their vids.
I got 's present today!(: working on his poster now(:
You win, Kate Upton
Q8 Have little funding for conferences. Must be nearby. Hoping for ContentDM Eastern User group, Code4Lib Mid-Atlantic UG.
yes! Are you gonna tickle my feet?
Some of Yall need to go through my old tweets. There is some motivation in there whenever you feel down and out.#Hug Motivation 201
We are curious, what brand are your frames?
harharhar, i got to sit at home and tan all day.
With my little cousin :)
Happy Birthday <3 c:
PickUpLine: Can I put my thing in your thing?
I had no doubts. Kobe is a Game 7 machine.
We love treats!
actualization rules! :-)
I know!!! We are going to catch up when I get back from Vancouver. We like the new show, Touch, too.
I just think its funny how worked up people get over an open-ended tweet I sent to someone who will probably never read it.
Ahh I miss you! We HAVE to get together this summer when I get back!
Gotta respect a woman who can work a Land Before Time reference into her standup. Great job tonight
I follow everyone back <3
Does anybody got victoria justice email plz?
Dude my summer is going to be so busy lol
Not sure which is worse. #mobwives or another reality show based in the South. On the horizon
In D.C. Things are easier without the cast, but since I still can't move my hand or support much, it's still a bit tricky. On to dinner...
i wonder if she got that DM.
he's gonna have so much love. :)
She got that good good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
So the pickup is a metaphor for his penis and the team of horses represents Viagra. That means the mud hole he gets stuck in is...
Heather Webber rules!
I'll stop by for sure. If only so you'll write about bears when you sign my book.
RT ": WHO wants to go to a Bonfire with me and " Uhm, ME! I miss Bonfires. xp
You know I will
Ah! No feeling quite like getting paid and then promptly spending 50 bucks on gas.
Sounds good to me. Let's get everyone else on board!
Why are reruns of NFNS ruining my morning of Good Eats and Barefoot Contessa? >:|
Sir, I had a hunch you were an ass, but when you made a scene about someone moving your Mensa hat, you confirmed it. Also, Mensa has swag?!
how much did bear guy cost?
change of plans, i'm going out on my boat with bryan & nicky
too true
Going to be at home doing nothing tomorrow while everyone else is going to prom. :( Blah.
Lockled from Seattle as well! RT > : locked.
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8. Sneak categories: Recent News. Leaps and Years. Pop Culture Math. Films from '82 '92 '02.
Maybe your consins' battery is dying now. You are so naughty. But I need remind you to check the charger comaptibility.
Had fun at Big fan of 09 Cab and the Late Harvest Sauv Blanc. And, just really fun people
My nigga Im faded, faded, faded.....
My face is still frozen.
life without facebook is actually better
yeah. Not too thrilled at all.
Gemologist was bred in Kentucky by G. Watts Humphrey Jr. & Louise Ireland Humphrey Revocable Trust
ok son
can i PLEASE get 330 people to follow me PLEASE XD
Progressive field is selling genese for 8 dollars. What is this world coming to?
Please shoot me if I ever say: "Oh my God! You got a new (credit) card!!"
everyone you have until the end of the steelers game to send a picture of your get togther
You're AMAZING! <3
ngest you'll ever be again
Steve Jobs bio talks about focus. One big thing at a time. Storytellers need to be able to dive in and not come out until done.
#AZNPROM with my lovely date and all my fraaaaands!
Hi there! Thanks for sharing the link ~ Have a great week ahead :)
you get mlb.tv?
Son of a biscuit or frick'n frack'n.
if all else fails, and you don't need it right away they sell it on Amazon.
#RG3 getting drafted by the #Redskins is now reason enough for a Breaking News scroll on during #Community. Wow.
following u:) now follow backl
never cuff a hoe , just cuff a bad bitch
I think that sometimes, too.
thank you much!
RT Lakers not makin it passed the next round i hope yall kno..
had my heart set on Keuchly, but Gilmore seems like no brainer. I think WR, T, LB next 3 picks. They want depth on the line.
Stanford tight end Coby Fleener rejoins Luck in Indianapolis - San Jose Mercury News
At a kids birthday party
awaiting phone call from outlook better than first reports however.
I am currently looking for an experienced RoR developer for an Oregon based firm. Contact me
Donations to OB are providing space & food for some needy. Love to hear your thoughts on how to improve!
well you're young too!
Thanks Sir Uncle. ;)
I'll send it to you in the mail. You drink it and an hour later I'll show up in fishnets and a thong.
Yes, easily.
SO PROUD OF YOU!! Well, not the throwing up part...lol
Today just has me worried now ugh I wish for the best
Working way too late on an irrelevant side project that gives me an enormous amount of Joy.
We need a new leader in Washington DC ...
“: Who should i write this stupid capstone letter too” ray
A co-worker saw my grocery cart an was impressed with my good food choices. "that's why you're always so positive!"
#Wooster TIES THE GAME! 56-56 heading into OT!
great win tonight fellas!
If u have constant problems wit yo man...maybe hes just not dat into u...???
true story!
At BNA...heading to MIA...so I can get to PAP...MY SECOND HOME!
good old friday night in honey wilder land. thanks to all who have added our Facebook and reverbnation pages recently :).
me too have fun girl
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!! Fiona Apple coming your way at 3:30! Tune in and let me know what you think!
For the next 4 hours swing by Row 14 and get the deal shown here: $3 Tacos
Sick. :/ Erghhhh, well, watchin Race to Witch Mountain. :)
Ive been single for a while....
Bad Customers want too much for too little. fire them and find better customers.
I hate seniors meetings.
I love how its so nice out but there are storm clouds everywhere, I wonder if this is the calm before the storm
I can't believe it's considered a "vacation" spot.
Sitting here about to wrap my mind around my life...
*cries* RT : Once they traded him away the Lakers hopes at another ring walked out with him
So true!
I had forgotten that, thanks for the reminder!
ProxCity launches tonight at Consol Energy. Download the app before the game to win tickets to see the Harlem Globtrotters and other prizes!
i love you too <3
Thinking of a little adventure to go on today before I start my new job tomorrow...
Third-party talk is coming from recycled Democrats and no names. What Republican would follow Olympia Snowe over a cliff?
aww thanks for the blog post! We're happy you had a great time. That story brought tears to our eyes. <3 :)
Everyone please ask your followers to follow
Being the weakest member of the Donner Party
"Joys divided are increased. - J. G. Holland
Thank you, Regan!
u really spammed my timeline... i was like is this girl a phsyco? lol
I've been raped but I will no longer be silent. I will talk, accuse, and shout. I will have a voice again!
Gigi Antoni talks about working at scale unifying all assets in the community to deliver creative learning
Don't worry. BC Football is on track for success this year.
That's ok, pumpkin can blind you to all other foods.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-33
Its on itunes, and i love IN! RT : I just love you and your music! I really NEED a CD ! come to Indiana ! <U+2665>
whoever this guy is that sings this "hey soul sister" song thats on the radio at work right now is a real nutsack
As specific, clear, and pure as your intention is, just that clear will be the result brought back to you.~ Deepak Chopra
Thanks, gorgeous! I will be in touch... s/n: get at me about that tune-up ;-)
No, thank you... You have some good input.
There's a difference between loving someone and being IN LOVE with someone.
he used to bite me! he painted me a few times! He used to cut me WAY to short,he wouldn't cut me & id get stuck on things:(
#yougottabekiddingif your brothers girlfriend is younger than you....that is AKWARD.... O.o
Omg might go to chavez today!!
I LUV TRACKS 7-10 ON BACK 2 DA MONEY. WHO'S THIS MONEY MARK GUY? HE DID DAT!
Make your dreams come true...
I called him bro ima call him again
New data viz tool of the year: iPad app , which lets you visualize social media, public records and news in real-time.
After more than 20 years of wishing for it, I'm finally going to see U2 tonight. Knock that one off the #bucketlist !
: Loved your comments on about 's support of #marriage #equality. Articulate & insightful, as always!
Falling in Reverse is a great band for the same reason Escape the Fate used to be. Ronnie Radke.
After a while you see who was your true friend regardless of how far away you were or who you dated or how you changed.
I'm now batting over 500, make that 502
I don't get tired of hearing people claim that functional MRIs objectively measure anything
FREE dry cleaning pick up and delivery - every Tuesday and Thursday. Thanks Schmidty’s Dry Cleaning Service!
Thanks, Pat!
Pushing off for the b and Darland just pulled off...
Good driver incentives would be nice. Doubtful ... but nice.
take lots of photos. It will be easy blackmail when she's older!
YAY!! Can't wait to see you!!
How's that possible? Every pundit from Will to Limbaugh says Mitt tops out at 25%
Good workout
If she ever needs recommendations for similar books, I have plenty.
I can't control myself!!! It's birthday!! Happy birthday friend!!
I hardly do the FF thing, but if you like #Funny, you're denying yourself some good laughs if you're not following
Private censorship!!!
I'm liking this whole getting called for interviews thing! Making me feel much better about life after graduation!
the play off of talent.
Check this out! RT #UJCP Jersey Fans! Watch this video ASAP. If you like Audi cars and a good storyline t.co/BhNmhwgs
Did you know- The first man set foot on the moon this day in 1969. Who can name all the astronauts??
Goldfinger and King Blues tonight
On the road again
Also, I turned 23 on Sunday. Probably the best bday I've ever had. I got to take a nap!
Time for the
Fire alarm evacuation at Main Library.
we need to talk
New Followers Thank you
Any more info? Slideshare or other summary? Love to hear more....
I started to know about him from a YouTube video
everything can change on a new years day.... why Obama?
word i have a physics project im starting tomoro. Screw it.
I always feel like I clog my tear duct with eyeliner ):.
What have you liked about the show so far? What have you hated? E-mail the show at !
No wonder it's my favorite show!
Someone text me and i'll love ya 4everr
have fun cameo :) what did You dance??
anyone know if you can add a watermark or other image protections in #omeka ?
Honestly I just want to go home and take a nap
Went through the same thing, months ago. Open tiffin, sandals, but no answer. Tryin to contact them; we put stuff online for now.
don't get mad , i nevr said it was a bad thing i jus wanted u to admit it
You are a Racist bigot. You should be locked in a hole somewhere.
thanks... second one kills me
Talent is in our corner check out our featured artists
It's so cute how you ignore the red squiggly lines under the words you type.
great as well, actually fantastic! writing a song! woo(:
gary how you doing im soon to start playing tennis, thinking it could be ausi for xmas ha ha
Money isn't losing tonight bro!
Good luck with your call back:))
Opps too many cocktails... Ok. Redo
Whats up everyone!!!? Wanna be a doll at check out my band? ? we have a bunch of #newmusic coming your way!
Ah. Great. Mexico is a bit late, lmao. But the United States was late getting Sephora too, so...
Best of luck to all on their final exams!!
Watching in Just Married. Too funny!
RT : L'Auberge will host a job fair Friday, May 11 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at its employment center.
LOL YES. or when mordecai and rigby take brain juice and battle each other to see who's smarter and theyre speaking latin xD
yo why your movies so biased? hahahah
Great News today! the second issue of Wilder Quarterly is on its way. Gorgeous gardening meets nature, art - a feast. Can't wait to see it.
When someone says "If I had a nickel for every time I heard that." Interrupt them and say, "You'd still be poor."
Sometimes I get a little discouraged. What do you guys do to pump yourselves back up again?
wonders about the person who first discovered you could milk a cow. What did they originally think they were doing to the cow??
Hate comes from Intimidation. Love comes from Appreciation.”
Use #leadership with
saw your ADHD ad and I am happy to know someone successful has felt the same frustrations. Needed that little help.
where is that lol
#Brewers off to smoking start. 3-0 in First.
Part of staying in the Light is doing what Light's U up, another part is taking yourself Lightly!
Much respect my dude for actually thinking of a format that battle rappers can follow to actually get paid. Very smart move.
Follow 's Festival experience at #TFF - Johanna will be speaking in a couple of hours. Tune into the tweets!
A Happy Mothers Day to all you mom's out there! Have a fantastic day and hopefully you are very appreciated! I love my mom!
"I love when my bestie calls me to catch up on drama from my hometown #waitwhathappened?!" <----- so me and Haha
I can do that.
#ase2011 An entire panel in Nahuatl by native-speaker scholars, discussing religion. Oct. 21, 2011, 10 AM, Los Feliz, Westin, Pasadena.
interested in a trip to Cali next spring?
Happy Mama's Day to all our loving strong dynamic ladies! And to their beautiful children that make motherhood possible!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
Happy mothers day :) <U+2764>
RT : Controlling your future means controlling your channel -
Can't sleep
I don't fuck with Casper's, I don't like that ghost shit ;)
Someone remind me to never sleep at 5am ever again
sorry it was just an RT.. That guy always jokes around.
This weekend's EAT REAL festival was amazing! Thanks for coming out.
thanks for the follow. I would love for you to look at this book gone video, interested?
I'm good! Staying very busy. Just returned from a trip to Phoenix!
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNED IN WE ARE NOW PLAYING "TRUE COLORS" ATM, DYNASTY, JAMIE DRASTIK WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
do the Flyers consider Bob for the Winter Classic now??
I can’t sand when people leave messages and they’re like “hi, it’s me…” Yeah, I know it’s you. That’s why I didn’t pick up
enjoy & hello to our DC colleagues! Twolleagues?
sang to me:)
Great job by the SDHS team for putting on a college fair. Over 100 students and 17 schools and orgs attended!
Forgot to mention promised my first born to since he gave me a go radio poster.
and u totally expected mj to pass to jud b
RT Online resource for out-of-print or hard to find Design Journals, Prints and other Design related ephemera
#BarcampTampa learn and share openly, not sure if it's for you? It is!
I feel honored that your honored:)
all day fam I ain't going anywhere.
THIS!!!!!!!!!! RT: I'm a really nice person, until you get on my bad side.
i sometimes wear snapbacks, that means i'm a rapper
What's on your Earth Day agenda?
kudos to you thinking of your six pack.
I dunno haha
Public Petitions Obama to Kill E-Parasite Act
Almost to 400!
yes! MT : Follow 2 ppl who rock-- starting as #FieldOrganizers with #Obama2012 this week:
I hear Jon Vilma is looking for some temporary work...
It's a wrap...be good tweeps!
Watching Planet Earth about extinction, boy am I feeling guilty
Best prank ever! Hate you!!! Lol
#BadgerCare and #ACA is example of "smarter, more effective government" the #POTUS called for in
what's the Capri sun challenge??? I'm to old
Im feelin strobe right now
What to remember at Fort Monroe? Enslaved Civil War asylum seekers? 1619 landing of African slaves?
24 Hours till #NFL season begins!!! Thank God!!
Behind the scenes and what it takes to own one. All about Franchising next on Ohio Means Business
Neverr going to cut my hair again..
ok. You know what I order. Just box it up and bring it back! Lol
LOVE U TOO
Wow -- talk about dream casting.
I'm calling a Blake/Scola scuffle at the end with Scola falling on the ground while pulling Blake's foot into his chest ala
I'm at The Welk - the Muzack pervades my existence - feels so sedate - is that what we desire when we are old?
Preventing housework injury by wearing weightlifting gloves while sweeping. Oh yeah.
thats The point, im just messin with you. But still..lol
love you too :)
I see it as a calling toward a commitment - not a job or vacancy. Thank you for literally RAISING our children.
enjoy your day off!
Aw...right where I want to be!
love that you guys are following me. Make the morning drive full of laughs
WALLY, WHY WON'T YOU FOLLOW ME? ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE A BOSTON GIRL BEG??
hey there mister!!!
#iOS5 u can get around passcode lock thru the camera shortcut
That is so grody. Hard and dry 4-EVA.
I said I wasn't gonna cuse no
Retweet if your summer has been fun so far .
Tigermilk - Belle & Sebastian
brb forever alone, but I'll keep you posted!!
Nailed it! Made them cry! : )
surgery for what 50 are you ok
How did you do your #Twitter background? Love how it's extended between header & tweets!
LOL how about YOU do that! You could use your ass beat ;-)
Its official! At the HD1 Assembly on 4/13, top line candidate for HD1 with 53% of the votes. #Republican primary June 26th!
she's teaching michael... that won't get him beat up or anything, girls love accordions?
Can't wait for the return of Captain Serious & the Wolverine playoff beard!!! Thursday can't come fast enough!!!
just found out michael jackson made studios set room temperatures to 90+ degrees. gotta protect those vocal chords...if you can afford it!
When your boyfriend is freaking out when a "celebrity" adds him on their personal Facebook.
Starting my day with research about wine additives.
When you have to choose between getting it done and getting it perfect, get it done. Don't let the desire for perfection be an excuse for n…
AUGUST, DON'T JUDGE ME.
Yes! I got hated on! Now I really feel like I'm part of the Twitter community.
Saturday Night Special 20% off 15 miles or more
My new invention: a razor with shave gel inside. Called the Man-Azar!
RT : Today, Whatever you invent will be remarkable, then ppl will copy it, then ppl will get bored with it. -Seth Godin
pshhhhhhh. As long as I sound dressed...period ;-)
First time I'm taking a bus in LA, darn car's in the shop
it's a rental. Mine is coming next week. Clean till about 5000iso
His left hand is stained with the blood of Am Dhaegar; in his right he holds the C<U+0328>a¸ndl<U+0360>e<U+0489> Wh<U+0360>o<U+0322>se <U+035E>L<U+034F>i<U+0360>ght <U+0361>i¸s<U+0340> S<U+0360>had¸o<U+0489>w.
Seeing stuff about people #graduating makes me so nostalgic. Can't believe it's been 2 years already!
Tabu Lounge tonight $1 drinks ur boi in the mix Spurs on the TVs no cover till 11 (Buck Wild Wednesday!)
Oooohhh, is smooth with the ladies I see ;) You go David.
yeah I'm sure he will *smiles*
I FINALLY found a machine at the gym I like: the vending machine!
no problem
It's not working with that either. :( But it worked earlier today... Lol
Shut up
my mom has an iPhone too. this is weird.
Beer always looks beautiful in million dollar studio light
clear as day too...
Straight up tell me do you really Wana love me forever or is it just a hit and run??? I'll tell u straight up
What is the primary game customers play at Rick's Cafe in the film Casablanca?
Chillin w.my fiance ! About to bust her ASS
Workin midnights with a cold, ugh I could hurt my child
You too! Good to catch up!
“: Ohio bobcats > charlotte bobcats” hahahah!
The official hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals is #IDODI. Please add it to your DI Globals related posts & stories. kthxbai.
Event season is exhausting and it hasn't even started....what is this!?!?!?
Note to app developers: *please* stop using push notifications to send marketing intended to get your users to use/play your app/game more.
I would but we're fighting. He's a stubborn ass. ;-)
WAAAAAH!!! I don't want you to leave!!! :'( I'm gonna miss you so much!
- because the #Accordion kicks in the right hands. :)
Great idea! : Live Chats with reviewers! Critics become the professors :)
I'm your girl
hey sista happy mothers day ily and sam!
I have to hide my own too!
Nice work last night. #beatLA # notabellyitchr
RT Looks like we're going to finish the Daytona 500 tonight... barring a Biblical plague.
RT Men who have more trouble controlling laughter also tend to have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.
Have a safe trip!
just kidding, but that was a direct quote from C
I think I am!
what's to be jealous of anyway???
You can't always change someone. Sometimes you have to either accept who they are, or learn to live without them.
Ive seen Justin's blonde hair, his hair flip, his short hair, his brown hair, his spiked hair and ill be here to see his white hair
go follow back
I HEART NYC!!!!
Just went to the store... no one on roads at this time everyone watching Oscars
I'm gonna have to go with chipper
That awkward moment when you're twitter stalking someone you've never met, only to find out they are sitting right next to you...
The best way to do things well is to be passionate. When you really care about something it shows & makes others want to get with it
Semi motivational quote of the day: Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
jesus why can't we watch you on some sort of show every f***ing DAY! Thanks for the smiles today!
Haha yeah I feel ya. Arkansas is just so... Bleh sometimes. Lol
RT : *Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
dude!! that gave me a heart attack!
yeah. I have a fanpage also, but I post the same content in both places.
because yesterday I saw it on the bus woobling around in your house lmao so cute
This sweet tea >>>>>
Me to lexis
5) The Digital Textbook: content and content consumption is being transformed, now interactive, up to date, social and trackable
Awesome videos this morning of & ON SITE in #DR & #Ecuador. E-mail #missiontrip info
how doing
finally get to see tomorrow along w/
RT : Local: Review at Lambert's BBQ in Austin, Texas - Keeping it local: Last Saturday I checked out the......
well, hi!
Great Barrington, Taos top best small towns list
we should hang out!!
Buddha says, "The presence of change is the only constant." Understand that, and you’ve got a shot at serenity. Tenzing Norbu
Community Board 12 Meeting tonight from 7-9pm at 173 Ft. Washington Ave. Participate and be heard!
St. Mary Academy Partnership benefiting students to go to New Orleans and help re-build homes for local citzens. Come to BV and donate!
I love the way you worded this, so simply put yet so true :)
british weather is absolute SHIT
Got a nice strange look from an older lady. I was rapping the lyrics of #Icecube's Today Was A Good Day while stuck in traffic.
I wonder if the AKR votes are moving the needle in the Dem race, siphoning votes from ... whom?
Aerodynamics class kicks the butt.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I love and I just want to be with her 24/7 That's All I Really Wanna Do
What race do you have tomorrow?
A good Superintendent of schools will know and be able to Build self-esteem in staff and students.
Today's Brunch Special - Broccoli and cheddar vegetarian quiche over oven-roasted red potatoes with a white cheddar cheese sauce
How to look like a hot mess: go to bed with hair wet, wear pajama top, no make up, & go ahead & put some glasses on. Im looking good.
that network helping the hoops team?
#WhenImAlone I like to write music.
Only 10 spaces left for #THATCampOSU!
9/11 - Never Forget - God Bless America
are you going tonight? How long will you be there?
Looking to book those Winter #Weddings ! Call or text now to book.. And remember! If you refer us you get a $COMMISSION$ off of the booking!
Sarasota #RealEstate Tip #5 - Condominiums buyers in Florida have 3 days to review......www.luxurysarasotarealestate.com
Not to mention the proliferation of Internet enabled devices - do you really want to redo your site for a television?
Given that, Murdoch and the predominance of Fox, I truly do not understand the charge of "liberal media"
ONE MORE FOLLOWER TILL 400!!
How does a person go about getting funding to start a small retail business? What is the best approach? I'm a programmer, not a business ma…
I'm pretty sure that OKC is going to kill the Lakers today.
EVEN WHEN WINNING IS ILLOGICAL, LOSING IS STLL FAR FROM OPTIONAL.
Adrenaline. Been there, done that.
#ghlive TAPS needs to come back to Oklahoma
Little girls can be scary... #WhatDidTheySee?
In the car on our way to playlist live jammin to EP!!!!!!! :D
Just embarrassed myself infront of my bf cause I was nervous :[ I spilled juice everywhere <\3
so oded golan was just found not guilty on all 43 counts relating to forgery re: the infamous "james brother of jesus" ossuary, interesting!
Love is deaf. You can’t just tell someone you love them. You have to show it
RT : If you want it... ask for it... and then let it go. <-- I'm not great at that last part, but I hear it really works.
That shit was self explanatory lol RT": I'm not even gonna preach tonight... All I can do is shake my head."
just wanted to say hey baby!!!
Best SXSW quotes, part 1: A) "Just because rock is dead doesn't mean we can't dance with its corpse." B) "I haven't showered in 3 days."
I am so proud of myself for going to 8 am Mass and breakfast and being home by 10:30.
I'm pretty sure you need to edit the logging target in services.config. Hope that helps.
I'm laying in this hospital bed, wishing it was you instead of me that just got that spinal tap
The Recommended Dietary Allowance, or RDA, is enough to prevent a deficiency disorder--not enough to help with optimal health.
J, keep gettin' on Skip's ass...if somebody checked him about his mouth he'll call the laws immediately!!!
I really gotta work on keeping my memory...
You know youre bad when you have to run a fake field goal to score on detroit....STL up 10-2
Key principles of cooperation and proportionality of 7th Cir will spill over to state ct but hasn't yet
Oh, I love having you on. You always are outspoken.
First group presenting right now, we go ninth... playing the waiting game
Tesla Armada is thankful for Luke Pollock, sobriety, family, friends, and cookies. What are you thankful for?
Awww u must love me. First a book on data viz and now this!
great idea if you don't care about money. Downtown tax, requisite old-timey cocktail, etc.
Ducks Corey Perry, Canucks Daniel Sedin, & Bolts St. Louis are the 3 finalists for the 2010-11 Hart Memorial Trophy.
Im At Soul Asylum Studios as we speak!.. Beautiful Castle
Man, today was fuckin' awesome. And I made money.
White People: "OMG I LOVE THIS SONG" Black People: "OH HELL YEAH NIGGA THIS MY SHIT!
Got bck from my banquet I got awards I and so fancied up lol :)
this drama in Memphis getting on my nervous
Great #HotTopics meeting with site coordinators and staff at KC Urban Youth Center! Looking forward to the next one in May!
Lets see... the Dow jumped 136 pts today cuz it costs Italy slightly less to borrow $$$ & US unemployment is only 8.6%? Hm, time to sell.
#FF - - amazing artist! - will be the most entertaining tweets in your feed - PR guru - fun!
I'm feeling guddddd.....
Shouts to if you want big mixes you need to follow. UK Stand up shouts to and
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
I guess I shall join the street team and make an appearance at the civic center for boxing event.
Students have to research and write out a tour. Then they make a path to the different locations.
yellow corn sunflower oil and sea salt
House guest etiquette rule #33 Complaints of any kind, even when disguised as a question, will not get you invited back.
I don't get what you're questioning....I simply disagreed with your statement...
Netflix and Chinese food ... What else could anyone ask for? :)
Slowly breaking down.
miss you too!! It's been awhile I hope all is well with you
WE WILL MISS YOU, Whitney. Our prayers are with family, friends and fans. :(
I'm too busy being fabulous
New to #QuickBooks? Our #AdvancedQuickBooksAdvisor will teach you how to effectively use QuickBooks!
The questionable Patriots defense looking solid on opening drive with 2 sacks. However, it's still their secondary that worries me
get stoked for TACOS AND TORAH tonight at 5pm!
I came home to an empty bouncy house
is it obvious I didn't eat lunch today?
Am I dreaming?
psh! That would only make sense if we were a pop/punk band.
Is John Kerry coming for lunch?
Do what you will, blood. Soon, it's gonna be the whole of the law, know what I'm sayin'?
this weekend lol. I get to volunteer at the Bassnectar shows so im gonna be in seattle the 12th and red rocks the 1st n 2nd
ok I will for 4 days lol...but not in a mean way! Lmao
agreed.....especially when I skimmed over the boring stuff the 1st time around....
#AlphaOut. This alpha needs her beauty sleep to look fabu the last days of school.
I feel like crying
Me too. Just reread "The Life You Save May Be Your Own" recently. So good.
Have a good flight!
What's up twitterverse talk to me !:-)
Doing very well, Tariq. How about yourself? You must be done w/ any classes by now? And you have to be enjoying this OKC team!
Gonna get my hair done :) woot woot ! It's been long over due
lol what are yall wanting to do?
That says it all. He was a special guy.
James Herbert Augustine I
Dear Ex Lover, Why was your heart barricaded by Caution Signs......
please follow me and (: there both me lol but I use more (: I love you<3 and love
Uhm because we thought you were too cute haha. You walked past us like twice and we just like m. I didnt recognize you smh.
Some sleep would be nice right about now
I have Ponder and Cassel close, but Cassell has more weapons and more upside, roll the dice with him
take a letter grade off for not following instructions and grade what is there by normal standards!
Watching night's highlights, had a pretty exciting 0-0 tie. The boys had a much more solid game.
i guess being a sexy toe is worth it at the end
So happy it is Friday.
skool was shitty hope its better later!
makes me feel slightly better about the mass amount of bacon caramel corn that got eaten last weekend.
If you find yourself cruising South Congress on First Thursday this week, we'll have our booth out there along with our new Facebook shirts!
got popcorn and Heath Candy bars? Lol Imma want a snack!
Berkshire holders trust Buffett on health outlook
Who's going to wood and barrel aged today?
Glad someone over 10 shares my appreciation for Legos. Go Ed Sheeran!
the Unemployment is 8.6%?, But i Know 4 a fact that people are not looking anymore they had Given up after Mo's & yrs of denial of work
God bless all the brave souls of the men and women of 9/11. You're in the hearts and prayers of every American out there.
AMAZING! RT Can't wait to head to Valencia and intern with Can't believe I'm leaving in a little over 2 weeks!
welcome back!!!
Lololol I went over a curb while parking my moms car
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR. SEUSS from THE THRILLING LA ZOMBIES
Yes - even for "all thumbs" guys like me who didn't do much hands-on work with them. But we knew HOW they worked.
I love my mother <3.
I'm in for 2, thanks If I was religious, you'd be my God of Snacks & Entertainment.
Thanks for the shout out. It's always a little scary when a comedian wants to take your photo....
Thank you Henry and Katie!
As most anyone would concur, I am seldom at a loss for words. But after #TheRaven tonite I have naught to say but "Magnificent"
“: Hear the new Scott Weiland solo song "Breathe" which will be on the Avengers" isn't he dead?
Love seeing what's currently trending in SF. Hunky Jesus, Matt Cain, Buster Posey. Go
Still get butterflies during awards
Will be at Ringrose Law Newark office opening this evening.
Watching #thebiggestloser so motivational!
Are you living in the now or the not yet? Either way, God is there. ~Lisa Kelly
we'll figure it out :)
It's as if millions of mock drafts cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. RT Vikings focused on Claiborne at No. 3.
Do I want an internal or Xternal vibrator workout. Taking opinions. Now.
Good morning tweeters. How is everyone this fine Follow Friday.
thats well cool are you going to give it to him when u meet him?
Glad to have you here!
dougie go night night!
RT 276% Increase w/35 - 54 Demographic on Social Media within the past 6 months. Not just for teens and kids anymore.
Feel like I'm going to fail my exam tomorrow....maybe if I sleep on my book, my head will absorb the information...osmosis FTW!
Attitude: fuck it Shopping: pleasure :)
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea ("Golden Law") signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
There's start the day off good fam
taking off today :)
Yeah that fight needed to end already
I thought I was the only one who remembered that song!! I always just start randomly singing it all the time :p
Got a gold star for most improved mouth at the dentist today. Apparently it DOES pay off to do what they tell you!
RT Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me. // SO happy to welcome our former cover girl.
theyre not :( they have a show in Michigan the next day
It'd be cool if someone retweeted me. At least to let me know my tweets are able to be retweeted.
IF YOU'RE A BELIEBER GO FOLLOW GO FOLLOW PLEASE GO ;D SHUE FOLLOW BACK
Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
Don't be sad :( When you're sad, it makes me sad. Goodbye isn't forever. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> You'll see them soon! xo
you been mia have you seen the pictures?
“: Ron Paul becomes more appealing by laughing at the folly of everyone else.” I totally agree!
=QUESTION= What are you thankful for?
This week my work schedule drops from 45-50hrs per week to 30-35. I finally have time to do important things, like absolutely nothing.
Happy Oberon Day!
Is it too much to ask for every single fucking thing in the world ever right now?
"Rough" is a little strong lol. We like "intense" better.
..success! following a lovely evening with friends & family, our doors opened today for ONE WEEK ONLY. we've goodies galore - stop by!
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed - Mahatma Gandhi
Now expecting to board at 4:30...my bet is 6 for departure. At the earliest...
PENS ANNOUNCED THEIR PROMOTIONAL SCHEDULE. GARDEN GNOME. BEST. PROMOTION. EVER.
Who wants 2 go see avengers with me tonight?!
RT : Under our seats are popsicle sticks that inscribed with pieces of poetry that live on twitter.
fb for local #foodallergy help, like which grocery has wow butter. twitter if broader question
RT via #LASA2012 I just downloaded the new LASA iPhone app. Works like a charm. See you in San Fran at the end of May!
Good grief! The #Packers may give a 6th or 7th round pick to make #Tebow our #3 QB - As an owner, I boycott this idea!
Tickets for Ultraviolet Festival go on sale this Saturday, August 13th at 10AM!
Get that paper girl, cause i need some new J's..lol
you looked good on stage boo ;)
AND WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!
- Well I had to let you know I was still alive.
Are talking about the same America? Everybody hates us and thinks we're overweight and stupid.
thanks! Enjoy your weekend.
Good thing in "building" (aka - ing) a table cause I need to hammer some shit!
This was less of an attempt to pretty-up my office, and more of a means to keep my cat out of my plants.
Whatever happened to Day 26???
Hanging out with the biggest loser tomorrow ,
so much respect for you girl! love you <3
... Meeting with Faith Evans about Brooklyn Mint production…(check)…Product launch with Misa Hilton (check…..Sleep……..
Ugh..gotta get ready for tomorrow..gotta get back to school. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. I wonder what i missed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
you've tested the Verizon nexus, does battery... Suck too??
Amy looks so bad. Omg.
You locked both the cats in the bathroom. Sprite is traumatized.
I want Metric tix from
i just got so confused.
life is not a spectator sport.
what do you mean by that?
Just cut my Hunger Games shirt's sleeves it looks so cute <3
I go through phases like that. But no. Too prissy.
Sitting here dreaming up some hairstyles...
Diet & Exercise is the key to balancing our busy business & personal lives. Zonya Foco is with us today, giving us tips!
ALONE TIME....JUST THINKING....
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout.. just did it with a smile :)
ya kno tht pic has an "error" its "not found"
Hitting my BONG
I was reading Adelle Davis at that time and she was very critical of the food industry of that time and even before I was born
Some people just don't know when to quit.
Done! We need a model for the KISSpdx Flip practice shoot!
the only thing better would be if gossip girl was on ;)
RT : Did you know Mi Casa Su Casa in Reading, PA serves breakfast? Well they do - and it's good - and on the Corridor. Caliente
She does she will add who beg to add her ok she said she does she plays halo and cod the only M games she can play the restE T
"When we read things on tablets the fact that we're reading on a tablet will affect where it comes into us and what it means to us."
Heading to the program at after work today. Woot!
to #oomf = i like how we always kinda tlk to each other on twitter, without
on a song?? lol
Oh, I'm sorry. Am I not supposed to say things that show any sort of hint of depression or self-loathing or fear? I'll go back to lurking.
kinda wanna see the avengers I already know ur answer *stickstongueoutatyou*
RT Lie and claim u a street nigha from my city... Ima blast yo ass for tha fake that you are...<U+261C><U+261C><U+261C> Uh oh!!!
Well done! Hope your 2010 apprehension record is equally fabulous. Congrats on a successful 2009.
it means their babied and given special treatment. I'm not a flyers fan either btw.
Ha! You'd be surprised... :)
regardless we can agree that was some scalding
On behalf of jazmine<U+2728>, saucy tweets :saucy was set to KITTAL-MI by electric power.
Isn't it weird that I don't really like birds in real life but I like to draw them. Of all the animals
3 days of high school soccer and I already want it to be club again
Now there's a man who can communicate in a normal, coherent manner :) *sigh
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger - Wall Street Journal
follow me please! :D
how have you been man?
#ToughCrowd made me laugh my head off and a big part of that was Patrice. You will be missed big man.
thanks for the RT, Allison. Which word would you pick? I'm still debating internally... Leaning towards "google" as a verb.
Doesn't all religions lead to God anyway?
RT": There are two choices in life, connect to Love or not. #ChooseWisely"
TY #fitbot makes fitness tracking as easy as sharing a pic! RT: motivates u to live a healthy lifestyle
... Monsieur Nicolas Sarkozy, Président de la République Française, Mr. David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, ..... so on...
#SO to for playing the other half of today at UW Showcase :)
well its been forever. How you been?
Sliders ? Yuck! 5 guy, maybe... cc
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Any agreement that spouses can enter in a pre-nup agreement can also be done in a post-marital agreement.
I seriously can't wait to start working out again
I've seen a ton of sales...hope you can snag one!
My vow to give idiots up for Lent sure has cut down on the amount of Twitter and FB posts.
is porntrist still up?
Great Job #BigBlue!
#FF him, for making me laugh. Often! :D RT #FF because she still remembers the little people.
The Commercial with still gives me goosebumps
For those art friends who have not not check out I highly recommend it, really cool art + tech!
Hi Eric, just following up. Let me know if I can set up a quick demo for you. Thanks again!
Rush Limbaugh is a steaming pile of rancid excrement.
All of sudden prom is a subject to talk about xD
Great call, I am riding you bid dog....you are on fire!!!
lol I love the ipredict app it's so funny
hey do u know of any live concerts tonight
How is saturday night live gonna come on on Friday lol
You are a great competitor so it should be easy to work hard!
RT : More than 2.2 million Americans have this painless eye disease that is a leading cause of blindness in the US...
Yes, and it is Important to go.
RT RT : Everyone go and Check out our Grip TV at Gripmagonline.com
Curious about visiting #chile. Thought or recommendations?
idk Yet My Og tryna go to Myrtle Beach Now so it's one or the other
I always manage to get the machine next to the grunter who somehow sprays sweat on me from 5 feet away.
Currently drinking a Monster.
I don't need another friend like seriously i have enough..
man I know I'm grown but I don't wanna hear that ish!
I did it again.
Triple A is playing like a man on a mission. I love it.
And Syracuse's athletic department will add both baseball and men's hockey...
yo my bad bro. I'm on it
a girl at my church
even a second Blind Double date? Lol
Huh? I rep #CrewBudOnDeck Who da fuk R U? Roast away boy...
On our way to the Spartan Race!
Thank you to The Seattle Foundation and GiveBIG sponsors for another great online giving event!
Shipleys and Boy meets world
Wanted to say Thank You to all of you for following. I've been under the weather the last few days, but should be back to normal in a few
Says who?!
No, thank YOU, Alex for your great tweets. I got you on my new social media experts list for Twitter!
— Is this the right move where municipal water supplies are both scarce and waste water is recycled?
Back 2 reality tomorrow. Looking forward to the tornado simulation that and put together. Look 4 my stories Mon - Wed @ 10.
Please post your podcasts on itunes PPLLLLLEEEEEAASSEE!! I promise i'll listen to them.
I was choking on sweet tea and my sisters were just laughing and taking pictures. smh. -___-
new Elmore Leonard novel out, Raylan. looking forward to it!!
All dressed up this morning... Demo and shoveling plaster this afternoon. Life on Polish Hill is never boring.....
RT : The power of Whistle Blowers - DOJ Records $3B In False Claims Act Settlements, thanks largely to whistleblowers...
You're right! RT 2 be in good company -=) “: Today ... "similar to you" is
is the only one who I can actually talk to about anything. Love my close friend(:
Did you check AVS forum for general thoughts/reviews?
Who got a new cell phone for Christmas?! What did you get?
Has a reading Wednesday and then VACATION until August 31
You should always watch when you are shaking your ketchup onto your hotdog because when you don’t, it hits your husband.
Sybase 365 Enables Globe Telecom To Expand Its Ipx Connectivity Globally
Happy Mothers Day to all of the great Moms out there! May your day be filled with hugs, refrigerator art and Bloody Marys!
That "I can protect your babies" swag
I'm a mother fuckin <U+E335>
Great talk by about how inspired her after watching the Olympics.
Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to seeing you.
Always a good morning after a #Bulls win!
Join us tonight Saturday February 4th from 5-8pm at for the OPENING RECEPTION of "AFFECTION"!
Green Clean Tip of the day: Mix 1.6 oz of eucalyptus oil & 1Ltr of water. Shake well and use as you would a store bought disinfectant.
have you tried the Spicy sandwich yet?!
On This Day: May 11, 1647, Peter Stuyvesant arrived in New Amsterdam to become governor.
In the home stretch of mixing/mastering 4 my forthcoming holiday CD "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)"! Deep ears time
okay I'll inbox it to you on Facebook when I get back to my room in few!
The University of California, Santa Barbara&#39;s independent, student-run newspaper.
Hey Presente, I'm a former contributing illustrator, much love to yall!
as long as you can figure it out...why not? $$ now & $$ later
Desperately need to get off campus. Heading to Panera for a large cup of coffee and some peace & quiet.
had a gr8 time in my hometown. But I count 6 blue blazers (1 w/brass buttons) I airport bar.
hey umm i am coming over within the next cpl of days though
Use social media to CAUSE measurable action.
Getting my nails done for tonight! ;)
I told Iman it was Martin Luther King's birthday. She said "O... Is he really a king." I said no he's not the king...she's 5,
DS: Jim Caldwell is our new Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks Coach
Can't wait to hear the album. You're a truly gifted songwriter!! We'd love to play a show with u out here soon if you're into it!
RT : And folks that's why Soccer is the greatest sport on earth.
The ducks have not lost at the Pepsi center since 2008
Great! I'll take a look. Thanks. Sorry I didn't know.
R/T for my 7,000th tweet !
I just want a job for the summer.
Shout out to and for showing love last night...
Finally, a nice day in Chicago
more of an aspiration.
Wow dustin way to quit track.... ~Devin.Anne<3
Super pumped for Michael and Amanda's wedding today!
I love you Whitney Houston & I will miss you<3
If it's not a hell yes, it's a hell no. - Jeanna Gabellini
Because this is really a horribly played game on the Clippers' part.
what rain? Not raining in God's country of Great Neck!
:( I couldn't get in to see it. Have a good show...I'll have to see the video!
Just drove past what looked like a dug-up casket resting on a trailer behind a parked pickup outside of an appartment complex. Weird stuff.
u guys are all amazing! thanks for 2,800 followers today. love u guys. be on tomorrow ! #noschool #GOODNIGHT <3
If you're lucky enough to be Irish, then you're lucky enough. Irish proverb.
Hittin the gym !
If you guys win I hope Arsenal finish 4th and Chelsea winning is what pushes them off the last spot. It would make my year!
There's a young, attractive woman begging for money in front of a Target that's hiring.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you!
Yes m'am it did! Totally crazy. Everyone was super sweet though. Khadijah was worried the baby was going to slip out. So cute!
: we love your images. Good work :)
"That’s Bowie/For you: the Pope of Pop, coy as Christ. Like a play/Within a play, he’s trademarked twice." Tracy K. Smith, '12 pulitzer poet
CAUSE I WONT HAVE IT, IM NOT HANGING UP, WHAT YOU NEED, IS RIGHT HERE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS GIRL JUST DIAL 323-786-9201
calls Bieberconda Jerry :) Thats the sweetest thing hahaha,wonder what Pattie thinks about that.
At Crossroads w/ & come play...
Y'all bet not sleep on tha Dallas Mavs babe....bring it home boys:-) TRIPLE D BABE n my Big Chief voice
Appreciate the insights!
MT : Hello Virginia! Watch World Peace + Other 4th Grade Achievements tonight at 10:00pm: WCVE #Richmond + WHTJ
Thank you for the RT: : Destination ImagiNation | "to learn & experience creativity, teamwork & problem solving...
Thanks for following!
I'm not liking your attitude ahahaha
Maybe it's me. Lol
expert reviews from (check out the waterproof shuffle??)
I wish my mom did then I wouldn't be causing this world so much pain >;-)
At CEO Roundtable dinner w/ Bob Taylor founder & president of Taylor Guitars. World-class guitar maker & great San Diego company!
Gonna go to IDA Hollywood today for a class! ( ;
So glad you found a logo you loved, Patty! Our team really enjoys working on the brand.
Thanks for the tip Bill. Best in the New Year.
#MarchMadness is back in action tonight. Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
I have Ashley's car at work today. What does that mean? BANH MI LUNCH HELL YEAH
how is it?
IN THE STUDIO RECORDIN THE GREEN PILL MIXTAPE
Just had a blast in Pvegas! Off to watertucky to spend quality time w those I love the most.
what up doe? Im in the builin' and im feelin myself
Wait, you have pants on? Maybe that's why.
Leave all your love and your longing behind you, Can't carry it with you if you want to survive. #movin'&groovin'
at least someone's not hating on Lebron
Info? RT : Getting some interesting inquiries about the Truth or Dare Speed Dating event on Mar 16. Will you be there?
World Riddles: Secrets of the Ages: This time you will be learning the secrets of the Seven Great Civilizations. ...
S/O to for still not following me!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror. Pappy Boyington, WWII pilot
I describe myself as large enough to not tickle but small enough to not wake you up.
Haha karen just told our teacher a very dirty joke ... Our teacher laughed ahahahahaha
16th Amend, great - did they rule it a direct or indirect tax?
Yep…you'll be sending a crew to H ST if was bad!! #situation rt “: you better hope it was good!”
How late is the card suite open today ? Gotta go card it up!
yep. I'm defiantly cheering for my Caps :)
LOL! And I thought it was "Karen Wright"
When my brother takes a twenty mintue shit and makes me late to the gym <
Looking for a place to preform :) any suggestions???
Yea yeah ima see you later on droski RT : I'm so done w today! We'll try this again another day!
LeBron says he had 'nerve-racking' cancer scare - Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James tells espn
Happy Easter...CHOOSE TO REJOICE!!!
I haven't been on tumblr in about 2 days. My inner hipster is having withdrawals.
I have to wake up early tomarrow ..haha let's see how that's gonna work out
I ain't on nobodys jock. you right bout that fan statement. lets blow this up. Where u at. on or off?!?
Please join us in welcoming to twitter. Follow them for career tips and general library & info science news
stick pipecleaners in them so they stick up weird.
hah aww that is too cute!! That's a rednose!!
Omg I'm up so early! Last night was fun now it's time to worship god!
It's a beautiful day in Atlanta. Come on OUT & enjoy the New Year's Savings on Everything in the Bookstore. Dbl Punch Drink of the Day:...
OUHGFDBVKGHDJGFB IM SO HAPPY
...when the shoes you want don't come in your size. If you really really want them, you'll make your foot the size of the shoe.
gd that was f ing funny
triple h
im hungry, and its not even 5th period yet
Not loving the new buttons on the left. When I click on them I can't see the bottom of the message without zooming out my browser.
I'm reading 's #RecordCollecting4Girls and I'm loving loving loving it!
The iconic boyz are sexzy and we all know it
Short #CV council agenda Tuesday: 8 items, all on consent.
What makes you passionate about the possibilities for a hemp economy?
I think it's sorta meta I'm nostalgic for an earlier, simpler time when The Wonder Years was on TV
are playing a FREE SHOW tonight at The Basement in Northhampton, MA ... 8PM ... Be there.
No worries. I blame my eyes, not you guys. :)
Hey whats sup my homies, i just wanted too let u no that i love u guys who followed me!!! :)
Its amazing how someone can break your heart and yet you still love them with every broken piece
It's Miller Time!!!!
oh no. What happened?
Just seen the Hottest woman at the gym, and she's a massage therapist! (Hot dam)
There are not enough resources to catch the criminals. Maybe the money will go to solutions to catch the criminals.
Not happy that the taxpayers funded a superbowl commercial.
I always miss your tweet attacks. :[ Well, all I wish for is a follow from you & no need for a reply. :)
Twisted Thursday
practical, succinct articles on leadership in latest newsletter. Well done!
The greatest adventure of her life. Because the last time wasn't.
I finally got to watch play in the playoffs in today's game, he's the best
Never thought stars could be so bright from downtown - except for airport, the Fed Pen, a few stairways, it is dark!
#NF u back
lol for real that's it.
Thinking of starting a 90 day weight loss challenge! Stay tuned for more deets!
count on it boobear!!!! I can't wait to see you!
Mine keeps auto-correcting to "caramel corn," which is weird because I hate county fairs.
RT : You know you're a douchebag when: you use "You're old" as an insult.
One Direction sold out MSG in less than a minute. Take that, Justin Bieber.
Celebrating the 2011 year with the Farmington #Jaycees congrats top your successes, and best of luck in 2012!
Cannot wait to see and in two days
lol she tweeted last time i had a boring day like this so maybe il get lucky and get a follow to <U+E057>
Haha just getting warmed up! “: "was wondering when your bball tweets would start!”
RT: : Want FREE tickets to BECKY SHAW? RT any of our reviews, videos, etc. & we'll give you a pair for Sunday night ! RT!
I am amazed at how messy my work bench can get in such a short amount of time.
Its not even the same no more
Great tool! How can I use this in a Team-Competition Review Game in 7th grade? Any suggestions?
mon all or oh?
LUCKY U!!!!!! I was in a mock trial competition against loyola.... Hahahahahahaa DO I HAVE STORIES FOR U!!
Happy St. Patricks Day! If your looking for something to do, we have a music showcase at All Asia 334 Mass Ave Cambridge. $5 cover
& today was the day we went o valley fair & mall of America & it was such an amazing day I blew all my money on shopping
10% off sale with code: TENOFF! Hurry ends in a few days!
Good Morning from Lapel
RIP to Rudy Gonzalez Quevedo
What do we do? We find people who want to help children in Zambia succeed & we provide opportunities to support through financial donations.
Quickster should buy it! Ha! Lol
THis for reaL niggas only
- ready for the convo this weekend...?
Thanks to u crazies for coming to the rock show last night at It was crazy. was crazy. = crazy. Woo
Why twitter tripping
You're most welcome! Great! Thank you for reading!!!!
bruh the struggle is real out here forreal my nigga
Hi Mary - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, not following you too!
Are we in a tech bubble?
Successful girls day :) now work 430 till 830/9ish? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Rain Rain go away, come back on some other Convention day...oh well, better than 10 inches of snow today?
Good Luck to Coach Calipari as he makes a run at a record setting 3rd vacated Final Four!
Its last longer when your making love
awesome! where is this?
Hi Trish. I envy you. So hot and humid here. No rain near me.
RT : Next #auddev chat. Friday 9/16, Noon ET. Topic: younger audiences w/ Connie of & .
Cedarcrest Drill Team won 3rd place at competition in Everett today. Go Red Wolves!
GL at the hottest table in the room today.
My earliest memory: my parents installing software on a 30MB hard drive the night they brought home a new Mac Plus.
Just singed up for a playwriting intensive in Madison. Super excited. Super broke.
Now on to Lewis 09 Mason's Cabernet. Being in advertising/PR, can't wait for Super Bowl commercials!
Terrible. Try not to let anyone get you out you character.
oh no! why no bracelet? p.s. can you please email me your mailing address?
No jail time will occur as a result tho don't worry! Lol!
how many classes we going to have together next semester?
Happy mother's day
Balboa Park Dec Nights Mobl website traffic=30% of all traffic/was up 140% over 2011-(IOS (phone/pad/pod) up 4%+Android up 2%)=99%of traffic
Thank you for the kind words!
what is your email address?
Why are the John Casablanca ppl calling me?!
read your answer: A-frickin'-men to that...just a bit too metro for me. ROFLMFAO!!! thanks TRacy
Thanks for stopping by, it was awesome to see you!
Going home to get my bike when I go to lunch, would be nice after work if I could shoot some ball...who down?
War Pigs! Can't believe Black Sabbath is trending
Shopping day today.
My girl has such a beautiful heart. <3
We hate liars and hypocrites so do us a favor and just don't be one.
A HUGE shout-out tonight to Mark Johnson, buyer specialist, on his first closing with Lake & City Homes Realty. Congratulations, Mark!!
annual report... AT THE PRINTER!!!! who wants to celebrate?!? ME!!!
Our hearts are influenced by the Spirit of God or the spirit of the devil. Which spirit we hearken to is seen through our actions.
oh wow there are just certain things you dont do and THATS ONE OF THEM leave the pain OUT
Thanks buddy!
Took a nap, in the sauna, at the gym in my office today. So much better than your average lunch
It's hard to escape the rabbit hole when you cross the border of trying to consciously reprogram parts of this dream... and realize you can!
my votes are in!
let's go #NYR freaking out!
Everybody shoots well over Battier
hahaha. Too cold
Join our Baby Basics Workshop today at 12:30p.m. at the Georgia King Village location. Call (973) 621-2241 to register!
me late vamos!
Got three awesome new assignments today. Blushing with excitement.
you might call it junkin...I call it thriftin. Thriftin big time up in this giving season. What.
thanks for the nice words, we love to meet new fans!
Movers are here!
Ol skinny ass
no it's really not! Well I hope to get to stay for at least that!
Seriously, if you have cable, go to TBS and effin' hit "Start Over" right the hell now for Bacon Man. If not I'll post it tomorrow.
OUT festival here in Philly Oct 9th.
finally at the Sleep Inn in Travelers Rest. Why am I typing into this thing instead of z?
Happy Friday!
agreed! Love the almond too.
i follow you on the court!
gettin work done! Hard work will pay off :)
a "lil" someone else should have went home.....
Gary, you are gonna finish your dessert, and you are gonna like it! - SpongeBob (SpongeBob SquarePants)
Today on - Co-managers & with re: January 18th event
where at!
wow! nice dining room!
A good day for who proclaims "your pizza is free today"
I know it's only Tuesday, but I'm #excited: tune in FRIDAY for Episode 6 & see why it's my (and Florence's) fave.
Sunday 9am or bust! It's cheating to watch it at any other time. Just not the same!
lol yea I do .
"But I'm probably thinking of this from a selfish perspective." By "probably" he means "definitely."
Talk like a pirate day on September 19...Arrrrrrrrrrrrg Matey!
Going to see Kylie Minogue at Hollywood Bowl ! Great tickets. I have been waiting so long to see her. So happy*
Why would I be partying in a bra and fishnets <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
of I can get ahold f a working shower I'll go!
looking forward to see you in my living room this fall!
BEOs, check! Look forward to moving in to The Ritz-Carlton, Half Moon Bay for an extended stay next Friday!
I took a few days off bc I was feeling anti-social & lazy. Also, I was consumed with watching seasons 1 - 4 of Eureka.
I use the words "I AM" when setting my intentions. I visualize myself as if it's already happened. I AM ABUNDANT. Then I take action.
follow sullivanstpress and we can message you. thx.
S/o to for keepin it 100 with me!!
working on it.
Jus gt through hoopin we won both of our games
Nope. LIke I said, we're just discussing the worst companies in America and your team tops the list. Congrats!
Thanks for stopping by last week!
Explain to me how our pets have better healthcare than 80% of the rest of the earth's population?
Black. Yes. Common Sense. Yes. Raised right. Hell yeah. Wouldn't have it any other way.
Nothing quite like the Friday-at-five stress out. Nor the resultant happy hour, I guess
the internet has many great things, and that is one of them.
Junior pitcher Melanie Mitchell (18-12, 1.43 ERA) throwing today vs. George Mason.
That's awesome! Did you use a program or designed it yourself?
This man is one of THE funniest people I know!! This txt he just sent!!! I can't deal!! Hahahaha!
Is It Juss Me Or Does Get Bomber && Bomber Everyday??? IKnow It's Not A Word But That's The Only Word That Can Describe Him <3
Great conference. Thx! RT : #COFLA That's a wrap! See you next April at #COFCHI - stay tuned for more blogs over next couple of days
The first beat I ever got down on was a beat around 98'. I'm old den a mug without funds. It's all g tho watch me this year
nice photo...how are u?
Woo just watched the Rangers win in Baltimore
where's bj?
OMFG. YES. YOU HAVE TO. :D
no, wish i was.. mega expensive for tickets..
Goodnight tweeters :)
As the sun sinks below the western horizon, i want to wish you and your mommy a happy pesach !
Brian Williams' report last night on NBC about the killing of bin Laden sure to be a classic.
Have a great day or sleep well wherever you are on this amazing planet that has been given to us. Lets keep it clean.
Hoff with an RBI single with the bases loaded and one out to cut into ULL's lead, 5-1.
That was an amazing show today (: #SandersSunday <21 Love you Peyton !
we were just talking yesterday about how we want a lard-free jiffy corn muffin!
Another Sunday at my "day job" The good thing is I'm not interrupted. I'm working on some web design.
It's funny how everything in life you try not to be, sometimes you become. Doesn't mean you are going backwards. Experience guides ur future
haha go get one!
#ForeverJealous I've tried so hard!
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, I think your sexy, so have my babies?
25! very respectable. how was the terrain?
RT : Q3) In corporate environments, Learning on Demand rarely goes through the L&D group.
I stayed at a really nice, really fancy hotel this weekend. The towels were so thick I could hardly get my suitcase shut.
BUT I can do the weekend before you guys leave or the weekend after I get back. Thoughts? Comments? Concerns?
My line Dead azz fuck Hit my line if u wnt to 4142180555
ima CRy bc yhur truly talented !!!! And yhu was born to be somebody ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
After years to trying to figure out women, I'm giving up and moving on to a much simpler subject. Quantum physics.
Contentment doesn't come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of fulfillment after the achievement of a complicated job.
followed hun{:!!! ha'
#Sucks RT : I don't know why I get so protective and jealous over you when you're not even mine.
Our books showed up today
kick ass master copy.
Stagecoach fashion: Girls - fringe, bathing suits and cowboy boots. Guys - jeans, no shirt.
Good luck on your interview!
well she better anounce soon. I want those shoes and the tiger shirt and skirt
good to see you are back in town
Shocking ending to tonight's Game of Throne's episode. A tragic end for my favorite character Eddard "Ned" Stark portrayed by Sean Bean.
it's always fun hanging with you! Scott's candid thoughts were great - it was a really great event. C u at
chicago is cool.
Thank you Martin Luther King Jr. from the BR team!
I like Dwell! Their duvets are $$$, but they have good sales.
Scott Plondke has stepped down as the head basketball coach at Fennimore High School.
sure but you take the risk of a reaction, and many times it will stop what the medicine is trying to help with. Best to not
Ha. He said, "I don't read any of my clips." RT #Schlauderaff should be hashtag just like
I need more friends like Talia and the Arise group. Then, I think I'll finally be happy
Agreed. I need to tell you about a new guy. Sigh.
WE go to Mars to create and find new life and a new start, something most of us can relate to. To find the beauty of Earth on Mars
even better
ADD VALUE: All great professionals. Thanks for the shout out!
We loved having at our West Suburban location this morning to test out TRX!
no she has been watching Lady Gaga getting inspired by her!!
The toothfairy teaches children that they can sale body parts for money.
will do!
yes but not the Sebastian mega can.
Yay! meh wedding photographer friend! Got your cute thank you in the mail!
you will see them on the first day of class :)
Ppl r so gullible.. Like legit they believe everything everyone says &it's dumb af!
pop yr teeth back in and get some sunshine I am like an old man, my bad leg propped up--rainy weather gets it every time.
“: Nate sounds good on the radio, good color guy” AGREED
I love the battery life on my iPhone. My goodness, it lasts all day. :)
hey ariana! Hope you're having a lovely day. :]
In the 70’s John and Yoko walked right by me on 57th St. staring at me, after I averted my eyes so as not to appear as if I were star gazing
what is your contact email address? I want to talk with you about our product
Those look great! thanks for sharing - great use of texture.
I am proud of you. Congratulations on your continuing success.
The Lacey Transportation Committee has only met twice this year, yet at election time they pandor and say they are for fixing our trans woes
I would not have guessed you began in the Midwest.
This feels like a good day for naps. Not thinking they will allow it tho.
Cmon you redmen! Our season may be all bit lost, but I still want three points!
I just don't understand the appeal of Pinterest.
I have never had a mint julep.
Finally the weekend!
the "reply all" faux pas goes from email to SMS/twitter! Thanks for the laugh, Jim!
Featured cleanse 4 today is the Tiao Fe cleanse. 15 day program (can be done for 7 or condensed). FREE SHIPPING 4 orders placed by 2/6. $42
Well you got what was coming then. HA HA. Just kidding.
Not sure if wants to see a picture of me shooting an M203 grenade launcher... Oh well, dad would!
DM... sorry took so long, just saw it
They long to be close to you!
well, suits are the shit too
send us your BTK fan photos!! or www.myspace.com/beheadthyking
yeah but if I post it on facebook and twitter people will finally like me! Right?!
Sorry about the flood! Any consolation - I multi-task EXCLUSIVELY and fail spectacularly!(As my wife reminds me)
I survived the #sexperv date. He might have winked once or twice though. ;)
happy to hear you enjoyed it!
we may live our lives a little slower, but that don't mean I wouldn't be proud to show ya, where I come from.
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves."
"An honest man is always a child." - Socrates
Back in Austin & hangin out w/my brother He's got me laughin so hard at the stuff he does & says!
that was hilarious
NEW GATE HOURS @ CROWN HILL: 38th St. & Clarendon Rd. gate closes @ 6 pm; 34th St. & Boulevard Pl. stone gate will continue to close at 5pm.
The rest of this tournament may show that was the second-best team in the country this year.
Be careful not to eat too much today! Tomorrow is the first day you can get delivered to you!
It occurs to me that with over 50 space tweeps attending & touring the CTV, none actually *used* the on-board potty. Good Job!
did he really laugh? Lol
I KNOW): I looked for him too and couldn't find him
What if a penguin ate a whale...wait that's not right xD
sure follow me too :D
Run well, !
yea I miss my fellas.. Just not the 2 dummys in charge lol
That awkward moment where you thought he was cute til he opened his mouth to reveal a neanderthal smile.... Ugh!
same here :)
You only live once that's the motto. YOLO
looking forward to secret wine party!
Weeding out all the "Life Coaches", "Marketing Gurus", "Internet Businesses" and others. Buh Bye
Word! . . . Can't believe how close I am to graduating
This movie always pisses me off..
$28-$45 depending on the style and color :)
I needed to hear that. Now im bout to get fierce:-)
Do it...do it..do it. Then you can celebrate with Rockies beer for suckers like me stuck at work
:D me and lovee period cups(;
Our Grandma is obsessed with Elvis , Our Mother is obsessed with Michael Jackson , And WE obsessed with .
#VenezuelaEsloMejorDelMundo Oh Yeah Babe!
keep calm and be a
Brewing Beer Today!
#itshardwhen you thank u can trust him
We eagerly await the arrival of LBJ Library's copy, order went in yesterday. So glad the applicability is no longer debated.
just wondering!! What color hair does she have?? Eyes? Height?
My day>
On the way to NYC
Oh, you know I will. I feel that I have many more journeys ahead as my children age. The youngest needs to get to 5.
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
please follow back!!<U+2665> xoxo
Attn: --> RT DNC super PACs are calling the next fundraising push a "Super-O-Rama for President Obama"? Verifying...
#happy Easter he has risen church was lovely
shock top cans...my life is complete
You will be remembered by the photographs you have taken, not by the equipment you used...
It was an epic week in NYC with DJ Evo spinning three gigs with me.
i feel so sick omfg
what's the origin of that expression?
That "foul" on Paul George may go down as the weakest call in NBA playoff history.
Bulls win!!!
Thanks for all of the #CRE mentions last week - !
Women's Yellow Pages , distributed throughout Southwest Pa, digital version @ www.womensindependentpress.com
Thnx for giving MKE a try. We are smaller, but hopefully you found us more convenient than ORD. Hope to see you again soon!
All white true's .... All white 1's (type) I'm on 1
Trader Joe's strawberry licorice is my stress-eating poison.
Parsley is like black pepper—so ubiquitous we forget how good it actually is.
culvers is the tits! Wish we had them in FL
How Andreessen Horowitz Bunted on an Instagram Investment - New York Times (blog)
« Mo Hayder wins the Edgar award for Best Novel!!! #edgars»
LA --> DC. Thanks for being great hosts Octagon First Call team LA.
Austin mahone loves his haters!
thanks! Can't wait to join you!
diddo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> you're not the first person to tell us this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks! I got a long ways to go to catch up to you tho. lol
thank YOU torsten!! what a fantastic moment
Celebrating a #kickbutt workout with a few #fabulous glasses of wine. #chillaxin :-)
Marquette has to settle down ... they're all over the place ... its still early though.
We're fine here at WPH. Avoid the other side of campus, but Alumni Park, Bovard are fine.
Thanks for the add, Hope to see you soon!
oh she think I'm playing lol
Than you for following me on twitter!
RT : unexpected effect of moving to short username is that am now regularly confused with Shorty Da Prince and Mexican news org SDP.
its kassie my phone died ... im sorry about that , i also have grandpas dying .. two actually ...
hi shervin i am an american filmmaker in benghazi organizing a music festival for feb 21st and fundraiser for hospitals
thank u =]
Excited for my trip to NYC! Winter in the city and holiday decorations down Fifth Avenue!
Starting #Insanity. Again. Wish me luck !
unicorns cant fly
Lovely seeing you tonight! Go O's
Peterson camp is investigating these erroneous claims; They called for the test (Olympic Style).
RT Again folks, curious to know what wines pair well with the Super Bowl?
Now Sean Fitzmaurice "Conversations w/ #Autism along w/ Eden School
Marshmallow peeps for breakfast.
I'm really liking YMCA motto caring, responsibility, honesty, faith, respect wow its gotta be apart of my daily routine
It's a 5k, at this point that's as far as I run.
The only good thing ab school this week is its my last week then summer..... Then my SENIOR year! :)
I realized that I miss being in love .. its one of those things
Should I vote for Mourdock or Lugar tomorrow?
you guessed right! I listen and play music. I am also involved with personal streaming radio Soundtracker.fm.
Thanks for the follow!
Start by writing "well", that will help. See what happens when you let an instructor follow you?
so Saturday it is, Robert RSVP us get us a patio table at
When I say my trust level is so intolerant BOY lol I dnt trust nbdy
going library early in the morning tomorrow!
I hate when black people calls gay ppl fags but go in an uproar when their called the N word
Want to get involved for the holidays??? Host your own mini drive! E-mail: .
Roger that! RT : I'd totally be up for
Let's return the Virginia State Senate to a Republican Majority Vote #GOP on
Hey - I had a blast doing some shifts in the #Boise area. When can I expect more to become available?
I might have to agree!
what metal band starting with an "a" did you like?
All color bitches fucks with me lol
Take a picture with the other Big Ben from across the pond
Hebrews 12:1-4. I have no idea what the verse even is but I had to tweet you about this.
silly humans and your "socialization"
If sharing knowledge, you have to make your audience know or care about your issue or believe it is one
thanks for a great #PearsonCITE and the future of #openclass is looking very promising.
This week is the last week for Youth Competition registration! Encourage our young artists to enter at www.ghartwalk.com!
im good you?
See #Stuy Alum in now! He also stars in #Glee as Wes in the Dalton Warblers.
your site is nice yo
I read you like I wrote you myself. Goodnight/Morning SA
... where a new installment must be released every 12 months, regardless of how good it is.
Ready to hit this road long drive
Drawing offensive fouls is the least offensive part of Hollins' game. Go #Cavs!
not exactly. I would have welcomed a nihilistic, no matter what you do it ends this way, meaninglessly, end.
Um - glad to hear it? (the cheering up part is both gratifying and deeply weird. although I completely get it.) Cheers, anyway!
i wish i had a british accent... :/
hope is pro gay marriage tomorrow, or David Gregory is going to have a bad day at Emerson's commencement Monday.
Friday night glass of #HopSlam at #RumpusRoom. Found it oddly disappointing. Has #GreatLakesBrewing #ErieMonster taken over my taste buds?
I've been following you on twitter and your career on twiter. Congrats on the callup your a class act on and off the field. Enjoy
Brrrr...Winter has finally arrived in Charlottesville! Stop on in for a specialty beverage or hot cup of soup to warm up on this cold day!
If you have a specific style or color in mind, don't worry- we also make custom fixtures. You dream it, we make it!
I think Casey Anthony should of gotten a death sentence because who knows how the little girl would be when she grows up :-(
hey has anyone heard the new song by i luv it i will put it up in a sec
if u say so lol
my condolences.
I'm up for a beach picture! Probably will happen this June after I finish school.
The Blue Lagoon! Best bathtub ever.
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;)
Getting ready for the BWJO holiday show tonight at the Jazz Kitchen! Two sets at 6:00 and 8:30!
Such a cheerful #HumpDay today in the city! Loving the sunshine
What's up EVERYBODY!!!! :)
A dam way to wreck a houseboat - Pekin Daily Times
32 days #alcoholfree feels good to not need a drink
lol no, you can do that. You got an amex
Would u list players twitter acct's and FB pg's in your program 2 encourage engagement?
Every time a kicker gets the football through the opposing teams uprights during a kickoff, he should be rewarded with a touchback to the 10
Time to go more Xmas shoppingg ( :
iight then good so we want have 2 hear his mouth....lol ;)
Let's get schwasted and just... f*(D*It. Jersey Shore folk dialogue. lol
RAY BAN ON MY EYE
Be with me, live with me, make plans with me... Don't love me.
Tie-Dye begins in half an hour in the Aerobics Room. Dye a Siblings Weekend t-shirt (if you pre-ordered) or bring one of your own!
Join the Revolution!
thanks! you're awesome!
Ew this guys toe nails are mutha effin long. I think im gunna throw up.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is running a temperature. He insists he will address the New York Peace Society this afternoon.
Lyfe Jennings - Must Be Nice
Subway for lunch!
Is it soy free?
TYVM. My Family is all safe. IDK about some friends. Please Pray 4 all There. The town has been destroyed
currently home!
Witness against ex-cop accused of sexually assaulting women tearfully testifies she wishes more was done to stop him earlier
Activate the #Snowture alert! Thanks for the heads up
You know when I first read Heather I thought you somehow got a hold of Heather Morris. When'd you change your name again?
fine..one season he was bad, the other he was hurt, wasn't he? 2 bad seasons xD
We dont make mistakes here, we just have happy accidents.
Your lame.
$4.67 in the bank. I wish work would finally pay my damned back wages
Tin Pan South week ROCKED OUR SOCKS! We had so much fun! My favorite - Ruth Collins, Hillary Lindsey, Paul Overstreet... aww heck, Everyone!
That would be really cool!
Hey Nicole, thanks for letting us know about your recent visit. I've passed your comments on to management there.
time to switch to a Mac.
me tool!
#SteelerNation Pouncey will be on those Rookies day one! He's the anchor, leader & heart of the OL! Watch out this year!
Sometimes I forget how good DWade really is...sweet bank shot!
I can't understand the words there saying
This month alone, 10,000+ unique listeners have tuned in to Simmons College Radio. Thank you! We could not have done this without you!
Is fringe back? Cuz if so...I call bullshit...I lived through that nightmare already.
Today's market is the just reward for false hopes in the recovery that never happened except in the minds of the talking heads
...require the money and effort that any expansion of athletics would take. All the need to do is properly administer the dept.
gross ;p
Only for 7$ RT : “: Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!” gay
#YouKnowYou'reADirectioner when you say I have to take a nando instead of poop.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Looking forward to seeing this month! It's been almost two years.
Thanks, friends! :)
A smile is a language that even a baby understands. ~Unknown
“To God all things are beautiful, good, and right; human beings, on the other hand, deem some things right and others wrong." -Heraclitus
This just in: topknots+ beards = incredible.
Today's working mom dead giveaway: only bandaid I could find was tinkerbell.
Find BrewDog at the Jug Shop www.thejugshop.com and at City Beer www.citybeerstore.com in San Francisco. Coming to bars soon.
Going to my moms house to make sure my brothers don't do anything bad while she is out. That means I get to play pokemon on the wii
How about Curry Dogs?
....&Believe the world can change 1 day at a time
Good anit good enough
Why do cats only feel at peace when their sphincters are touching your forearm?
Did I get your attention on my son?
How about ? That's regional.... Is it cheesey to like Javiers?? Plastic is interesting. :)
Hamels is our best batter lately.
Although the maple icing is enticing, Duck Donuts doesn't hold a candle to
Christy is here from to take #homeless community members to the Wilson Bldg rally against budget cuts for social services!
Finally saw New Years Eve. According to our cab driver, we are 7 days too late.
like sit the fuck down bra. You don't know what you're saying.
Esta Noche Live rocked the Event Center last night!!! Thank you to all who performed and contributed
All iPhone books are checked out of the UW Library, so picked up a dust-soaked tome on Objective-C for NeXTSTEP. What could go wrong?
excitement...updating the site for machine quilters with new blog, interviews and help for , check it out www.sallyterry.com
Lord knows I don't feel like getting fancy tonight
I am so sad that the walking dead will not return until the fall
Wasn't that that made those?
Mezza food is fantastic, but the service ba-lows. Jesus.
love seeing tweets with good news! yeah!
Everybody Bashing My #Knicks For Not Contacting #PhilJackson Chill Out Its Plenty Time To Contact Him. If We Dont He Must Not Be Interested.
thanks for letting me know you had a twitter account.
RT : SET never disapoints thank you for a great night, as usual!! :)
I watch on the website
Just changed my twitter account so I could make my business account. Everyone who follows me needs to follow now too!
people don't become gay. Sexual orientation is not a choice!
Same to you all!
yeah, VW gets you with synthetic right?
unintentionally starting to conceptualize McLuhan as the plebeian Derrida of new media
This bitch need to get on team
Shitty, then perfect for 6 innings, then shitty again. Insane.
VIP Saturdays come hit me up
school should be from 9-12 everyday. end of story.
Agree! I used to be one of them!
Watching scary tv shows before bed <<<
Happy Birthday. Quite irrationally, I've been looking forward to this one.
no ima go w Tim if he asks me out, no doubt
psst! head on over to Distil Milwaukee's facebook page for a chance to swipe 2 tickets to their first Destination Thursdays event.
I thought people were saying it was about some dead girl? :L
Where all the barca fans at?
when is associate, Adam Urbanczyk going to be on the show?
WOW!! Lady in RED!! ;) Great cause !! Proud of Jules!!
Chris Newfield event in an hour. Live blogging here.
Good stick to what you know and #Text me Niggaaah!!
"PHOTO FINISH" is Officially Selected at the '10th Annual Garden State Film Festival' March 22-25, 2012 in Asbury Park, NJ. Details soon!!!
her phone got taken away but I'll let her know
#MixedSubjects RT RT : Why my English teacher still wearing a damn lab coat
Everyone should watch YELLOWSTONE: BATTLE FOR LIFE. It's epically narrated by Alec Baldwin.
which video?(:
Can no longer ignore the fact that Friday is my last day of work for over 3 weeks. Work ethic slipping through my fingers.
YES! Prediction??
Looking forward to an evening w/ my girl , a DeMaio supporter. No hating here. That's how we supporters roll.
don't have one yet, but a couple ideas. Will let you know what works out best.
That Is Great News... :-)
Taking a two hour nap. Got a long night ahead of me.
Thanks Sidney!
All three to Gagner.
Tyson Beckford -- Sex Tape Being Shopped
You are welcome, my dear! Right back at ya!
Wow thats pretty good. Did you make that?
I will never understand females..
yes, I use Hootsuite
spent way too long figuring out how to write a tweet on this new jawn, now i'm le tired
-_- I have the weirdest friends lmao
Well back to sleep I go....
News reports say that President Obama is going to dedicate his State of the Union address to the economy. We say its about time.
Spent a great day at Sky Meadows State Park. Spent.
ffffffffuuuccckkkk sorry bro
Waiting on APD after being car jacked in San Jose.
": are you here at Yankee Stadium?? My mom and I are up in the 200s!" Going tomorrow! Can't wait! Enjoy!
Thank you for bringing us Jersey Boys! What a treat!
Idaho: Idaho wins $20 million for health insurance exchange Read more:...
In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it. -Peter Mcwilliams
Finally got the game on! #YANKEES TIME
Sneak attacks are for the CIA and fighter jet pilots
Wandering around aimlessly and waiting for the #chipotlemonday siren, left the library far too early
Open membership! Just cant be an uppity ring winner.. Or multi ring winners are the worst
Happy Hump Day! Drinks on the patio, anyone?
Woo Hoo TIme for
I think i'm a lucky girl cause of you.
WILL BE SELLING TICKETS FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT TOMORROW OUTSIDE OF THE MH BLD!!! GET YOUR TICKETS ASAP!
You are beautiful , no matter what they say . Words can't bring me down , <U+2665>
Hey, Fashionistas: The glossy look to lipstick comes from fish scales, which are iridescent.
One of those days where all my typos are seeming just hilarious. Sorry Excel sheet, you are staying named "Mathbeth."
I am so in love with Smash
Likely hundreds more =( which sucks. I fortunately didn't really want one but I sympathize with those that did =/
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont The twilight saga
i call eggs pre-birds. or future birds.
Learn to litter train your #guineapigs bit.ly/uF3DXC
#fridayreads Working to finish rereading A TEST OF WILLS by Charles Todd for Monday morning's mystery book group meeting
RT : Look, if your not following how can you call yourself a CatFan? #BBN let's show him ky love!
Hey , I'm installing mercury on slicehost. I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's fun so far. Can't wait to test.
many NBA arenas have good atmosphere: Palace great in 03-08, Cleveland or Boston, etc. For me crowd cannot compensate for crap play
No love quite meets up to that 1st love (not sex, LOVE). U can love again but like they say about crack, U're chasing that 1st high. my Mom
Radio wasn't invented for over a hundred years. Limited Bcst Frequency Spectrum is a FACT.
Woohoo! Monsanto's GMO's are going down in CA! A million petition signatures were gathered to put label GMOs on ballot in NOV!!
I've been telling her that all week, haha RT : I srsly hate you. :-)
All you who missed out on 's talk on the Psychology of UX - you missed out. He truly brought passion, interest, and academics to us.
You are most welcome.
Too little, to late.
what is ss
MAD MEN is so well written this season! Am I the only one who misses Betty Draper??
People say I'm around because I have a lot of heart, but I know all the heart in the world couldn't have helped me if I wasn't physically...
#HappyFathersDay to all the dads out there! & a BIG Happy Fathers Day to all those moms that have been both mom and dad for their kids :)
thankyou so much ! (:
Fml my phone just died... -_-
the studio i record in is in Watertown - is the engineer - fuck wit him
whose birthday starts on time? Just pull into a CVS and get a candy bar.
I don't even know, I have the most f'd up dreams.
Anytime you want to chat about ALEC before writing misguided articles feel free to contact me
you right im going to come by and visit you at work lol
"Life is rough, it's even tougher when you're stupid."
I tried to DM u but was unable. email info to re: your free sponsorship offer for 3/9. thanks!
lol at least yours is recent... mine is from my childhood.. no idea how I got that in my head
Inventory and Mother's Day do not mix!!! Thank goodness for whisky!!
Maehl had two steps on the DB, hauls in the pass and races for a 73-yeard TD. U of O up 14-10.
It's fine, I know you didn't mean to :3
Fascinating to search who power Twitter followers are following. Look at #theatlantic followers, for example.
Yeah specially on a thursday wtf
Learned what a sidejack browser attack is today courtesy of my nuked work PC. Enduring lots of ribbing from fellow work IT nerds.
love hurts the most when the person you love has no idea what so ever.
it'll be the best week of your life I can promise you that
Get that shit outta here
Follow 1 of the best hair stylists in the DFW---->
Before you judge me make sure you're PERFECT .
- cause how im getting my car might keep me pulled over lol
Duck season opens in 30 minutes.
Happy Valentine's Day #ABQ! Don't forget to tell us why your business or loved one deserves a little extra sugar today! 3 stories will win!
and thank you!
To hear and seek out new and original rock, fans are now turning to the web ie: Pandora.com & Internet streaming radio.
While the prez is in NC discussing student loan plans, he can pay off my law school loans.
<----Thanks for the follow!!
i will! assuming you will be as well, lets grab a drink like its a party in drews backyard
": A woman ... caught her husband having sex with a frozen chicken." That's sick. You should at least defrost it.
Gasp! : I wonder why JMS students don't just start a Wiki to pass notes to counterparts many of use re-use lectures after all
Good to know everyone is in a terrible mood today!
Have to mow the lawn. Something I enjoy but would like a nap first. Don't think the neighbors would appreciate late-night mowing.
The NBA season may be canceled! But the playoffs will still somehow last until July. (via )
Red Sox P's must like bloody uniform pieces...
Yes! I can't wait for It's gonna be straight bonkers!!! So much <3
Amused by the showing of Pretty Woman on the Family channel.
#ff great filmmaker and stache. awesome hosts Good to see top notch blogger
W.qrstuff.com for creating a code.
Why don't someone say the Road&Bridge jobs will take 1 to 3 yrs. to be shovel ready, do your home work!
Is there a cloud storage service like Dropbox that can be accessed via a Windows drive letter?
Strapping on my crash helmet. RT : I'm tellin' Angelina.... >> Can't keep all these girls straight.
Thank you!!!!
Make it rain Tyler :)
Issue 104 features , RossHammond, , Dogfood, , , & MORE! Get your copy now!
don't tag them in it. They're gettin pissed
One day, I want my office to have a lay-z-boy with a monitor attached to the ceiling via swing arm. Also, wireless keyboard and mouse.
Its because I'm Dracula Bitch :D
So either its gonna be a light dusting or a blizzard!?!
it's 3A, they aren't any good.
Ok, what the hell is up with Heath Bell? Miss Petco, much? More blown saves than saves.
i will, promise!
The #authentic life is established in #hope. It is hope that allows truthfulness, humility, forgiveness & gratitude to exist.
I just saw having a big party, but I couldn't tell how drunk everyone was. Hard to say...
RT Just had In-n-out for dinner and Dewar's for dessert. Yum. Must start diet and/or exercise when I get back home.
#becauseofBYE i've gotten even closer to my bestest friend.
Heh... Yeah, bit of a heart murmur myself. Good thing too, as I had an adult-style temper tantrum ready if that ball went out.
As they come in. I think we are doing pretty good for March! TONS of great shows coming this summer.
Would live to just sleep in as long as I want to, remember those days?
nahh, she's right here. Watching you guys argue over stupid shit(:
I was thinking the same thing, great minds think alike! What's good homie! -Mike Treese
ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from
damn...cancer sucks.
C'mon guyys if I get 75 followers me and will do a blog!! Get to tweeting lol!!
What a great show. Good writing and a perfect cast.
I was going to wear my new, stylish and ironic "Beards" T shirt to the game,but I have an indigo jersey.
Unbelievable. Yauch would be pissed. MT : The Sendak documentary has been pulled from YouTube for copyright claim by
stay in school wit yo lil kid ass
awwwh im sorry . :(
When someone asks me what my goal in life is, i always say "i just wanna be happy."
Tom and Jerry is still by far the funniest cartoon to me
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, weed heads, or somewhere in jail.
Successful first alumni weekend! =)
yeah... I don't wanna leave yet
Sad is exactly right.
gosh you look so mature! Like a junior or senior!
Congrats to for the screenplay "The Rest of Her" being a semi-finalist for the KCWIFT & AMC Theatres KC FilmFest Contest!"
(cont) as far as I'm concerned Thomas doesn't get ENOUGH Obama questions.They should plaster the entire end boards with da Prez
Michael Jackson was, is and will always be in my heart <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I had an amazing nap but my head still hurts :(
and beans!!! Lol
Fire at Skywalker Ranch reminds me - While listening to Shostakovich - that Luke Skywalker and Dmitri Shostakovich share the same birthday
Thanks for loaning to us at
The Super Guppy is coming to #Seattle w the FFT?? Time to hold a !
I just had a tarantula with wings land on my hands. Texas bugs are gangster!
I want to see the Fentennial!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(11
features big room jam is on the way, my friend!
Headed to the ZOO. Doing a broadcast with - see u there!
practice went well today. i hope everyone is ready for our shows! new faces. same sweet tunes :)
3 homers for Braun tonight should do wonders to get that slugging percentage respectable again...
You slay me.
Good Morning Denver!!!
I agree. I really miss Reading Rainbow. Great connection from tv to good books, recmnded by kids. Very Importnt.V.Good. bless u
what happened 2 Derrick Fisher? Did he get traded or retire? Or Magic just giving him some love?
my man! U getting out early?
Library is closed on Sunday, May 15th, but good luck to all of our UB graduates!
You killed it Adele. Welcome back. Sweet soul woman.
Sorry to all of my classes today for being that annoying girl that can't stop coughing...
RT Mike Brown continues 2 amaze me #sarcasm Yeah he is pretty brutal.How do you not just trade #9 and get something.
if there is a better time to reach you by phone, let me know and i'll pass to Andrea for you cc:
My mom & I shopped for 3 days when my dad died we had nothing to wear to the funeral. And grief causes ppl to act out. Shock.
very excited for the Paul Ellison master class tonight
Happy trails Andy. RT : last day in boise.
lol i love you!
W. Feather"Success seems 2 B largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go." something to sleep on.
can't sleep, so watching aussie league soccer action. go adelaide? go sydney? GO OVER 2.5 goals!
Thanks to all the players, family, friends and fans that made our raffle a huge success last night. Much appreciated
says: We need more police officers and we need to help create a safe environment for our children
bodes well for you (and #gov20!) RT : At 92, my mom has crossed the digital divide, thanks to
the stories tells me about his cat >>
you're so adorable in 5-year engagement!
Roses are red, violets are blue, flames are hot, and so are you!!!?
Austin isn't going 1.. He's projected 12 right now. Plus Iguodola? hibbert? rondo bass pietrus Bradley
I think there's probably about half a dozen overused phrases that have the meaning beaten out of them over there
Have you got a #pocketpoem picked out?
The play needs a name. Pitt won in 1972 with the Immaculate Reception. Tebow beat Pitt Biblically with the Parting of the Yellow Sea.
Welcome to the Twitterverse !!!
so, how is everyone today ?
Good food and short speeches...
Hi Kary - thanks for following StoryFirst Media!
Receiving money makes me happy.
I can't wait to be in Eagle River next week! It will be so much fun!
In the Marina on Admirality Way. Stop by say "hi"!!
Be you. No one is better at being you.
oh that's good to know can u read in spanish
At the airport following great meetings and chats at
SOPA is dead? Good. Does that include PIPA?
hey long time no talk(:
": BEST food, BEST drinks, BEST barmaids, EP Rocks !!!" thanks for the shout out!!
Once yoga pants came into existence, i forgot jeans even existed
Lol, I was just telling dude that the world would be a better place if the kids these days were watching the cartoons we did.
millionaire in six months I am not!
Kenny Hilliard is just a freshman? Dude's a beast.
nigga you ain't real. I was on your side. -.-
I want to be on stage screaming and jumping around like an idiot in front of strangers :(
Romney adviser says he can hit "reset button" on his conservative positions in fall "almost like an Etch A Sketch." aka Americans are dumb
Don't be afraid of a little bit of pain, pleasure is on the other side.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PICTURE. And so upset I am not at a theme park.
Still haven't tried the new grilled nuggets? Well today's the day!
Remington sources represent billions of dollars ready to step in to finance, refinance, or recapitalize all types of commercial property.
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!!! I hope you have a wonderful day!
All printers fail at home argh...! got a new one at walmart, now installing is taking forever #fml is going to an all nighter
you should<U+E327>
War On Terror - US: Diplomatic Security Service
good morning to you!
hahaha I'm done...you win
Not sure if it should be legal to be up at 5 am
Fun Fact: Florida's got the best farts.
You get a magnetic sked instead.
Then I started liking this new Dominican boy, & we were in love. I will marry that boy..I really will.
Just heard Tonight Tonight by on the radio
I have to check the place out yet!
workin on new music ... music is the life becuz i wont stop til im dead ! , !
Good segment on the tax software
how much longer until u are on summer break?
At the store AGAIN mom sent me then going to school
Looking good, guy with the 'World's Greatest Dad' shirt sipping hooch from a plastic flask!
that's me in the back taking a photo of you.
We do have a couple. Most have been ripped up or lost. And they're 5th graders so those are too easy for most of them.
thanks for the mention!
We could tell you, but then we'd have to... RT Failed (again) at re-creating your Red Curry. Teach me, please!!!
Haha anytime big brotha! Miss and love you!
I'd be down for that 100%
Holy damn. Where'd you learn how to write?
The Lovely Bones.. Good movie.
Kotchman still blows
Cant wait till fall ball!
How do you not love Ari? His meltdown episode where goes dancing with his wife was classic
Cool stuff like?
Panther Prowl.
Attending podcast camp today with
Ifits about respecting country then why do only 1/3 of people vote? Its an honor but you have to respect he used his free speech
Happy St.Patricks day!! Don't forget to wear green so you don't get pinched : )
YOU ARE SO ATTRACTIVE.
mandy passed out candy canes. You missed it.
Peter Parkers uncle.
Aw! Serious kitty!
What are you saying chews did not steal an apple from the sky!!! )*
“: In general, meaner people have less of a life.” EAT IT ANDREW!! Proof
Your friendly Northern Virginia neighborhood Sunoco service and repair stations take pride in providing great service at a fair price.
Super strict diet after my birthday! Let's hope tomorrow last long! <3
you know better homie!!
have an amazing mind. She is GREAT!
Come visit us and get a lil cheesy booth #4011! Can't wait to see all of our pram crisp addicts!
Honestly thought was a fat dude. Glad the Street Knock music video cleared that up. Goddammit.
Meanwhile this one waiter looks creepily like :o
less than 24 hours since you left and you're already ignoring my text messages??????????????
I can make that happen!
“Sometimes skulls are thick. Sometimes hearts are vacant. Sometimes words don't work.”
Buckeye bye week so I'm heading up to South Bend to catch USC vs Notre Dame Saturday night. Rooting hard for the Irish. Hate the Trojans.
Who is the Cockneyed Britisher that takes over twitter account during LFC games?
seems like archives get hung up on posting digital objects -- descriptions are valuable, quick, and easy ~ cost/benefit and all that.
thanks for the
it's not chilly its beautiful out!
Tomorrow night I will be with Reggae artist Christos who will be performing his original music and songs off of his latest CD...stop by!
Night see you on the other side bithes <3 <U+270C>
You think the new season will feature Whitney Houston? ...too soon?
She's got swag of a top model, curves like a coke bottle. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Most epic Jenga ever
I guess this will fit almost the whole population of earth cause I see no one is taking action !
- did the WSOP C TV deal get announced as of yet?
No idea. haha I wasn't at class today.
TONIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! $200 DANCE CONTEST AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!!
Game 1 Eastern Final(NBCSN) Rangers and the Devils Lets go NY!!!
now I'm sad Josh
what u gettin into
Long weekend.. Time to catch my z's !!!!!!!! Work early!
It is bad enough that people are dying of AIDS but no one should die of ignorance.
Thought of the day: better to be a useful idiot, or a useless one?
Happy Birthday Ryan
I said bitch!! That's a mistake!!!
Yo there's a beaner lady with a million kids waiting flew someone to open the door too, hurry! :3
I look drunk. I'm not. Lol
Yes I did! I replied or DM'd him
Yo #NYC the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Two-Spirit, Trans and Gender Non-Conforming Contingent meets at 3 at 13th & Broadway!
So, I guess I should start soliciting movie/book suggestions for my "vacation." I will have to think of it as an *intellectual* vacation!
This is going to be a good one. Listening to a panel featuring of about online reputation management.
is that a lesbian joke?
I wonder where the word "geezer" comes from
dont worry about it.
Being able to relax & enjoy the sites of WA state I hadn't been able to see before.
killed it on
very cool. When was he here? What did he do?
right--individuals are always prosecuted. (in 140 characters some things get lost). sigh.
Good night <3
Watching solos from #SYTYCD !! I love him so much!! He is just more than incredible!!!
Nothing gets us more excited than a constitutional review. And Robert's Rules of Order.
The Desperate Housewives finale made me cry.
URGH despite everything why do I always go back to him and am still in love with him?!
When people dont give you your tbh
94 Elements examines the human predicament through chemistry – video - The Guardian (blog)
People who complain about things are the reason why this country sucks.
you need to do a concert in San Antonio before you leave
Got back to my desk w/ my take out salad from Was excited until I opened it & it was the wimpiest looking salad ever
I know it's a learning process, but I always feel bad completely red-lining an intern's first shot at a press release...
real talk tho, u gotta get on point! lol
Wow I can finally get into the stream, so at least I can see the PPV. I can't access it on my iPod, though.
talk dirty to me! ;P
. if the bag fits.
Lately every time i eat I get super nauseous.. Fuckk I'm gonna stop eating all together now -__-
Currently using my iPhone as a coaster for a can Old German. #LivingDangerously or just an
I NEED to talk you soon. I am having withdrawl. Love you
CHECK OUT NM GUNS ON LINE! WWW.NMGUNS.COM
Bout to fire up this sweet and watch the lakers take this L
Should libraries ban #FiftyShadesofGrey? Is the unconstitutional? Thoughts?
Just got back from beautiful california where I have been recording/filming new music and videos at Spirits Unlimited Fantasy Studio!!!
...But if you ask me to come to you / To leave these fields and these skies of blue / You know I'd be leaving my sacred ground"-Prairie Town
hey how u? Big box of condoms u going to b sore.
haha thanks :) but I still like Jacob;P I dont think I'll ever n0t like him..lol
German candy>>>>. I'll live there one day.
Tom is incredible.
Life is too short
Can't stop thinking about the Drose injury. Feel so baD for him love his game and personality hope he comes back 110%
I fucking HATE when people just sit there and stare at me -__-
That's awesome. Went online and saw it's at the Weinstein Food Court at NYU. M I'm gonna have to check it out.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
when he saw the trees he was the trees; there wasn’t anything else in his consciousness
thanks man! RT : cool products
ok u got that from the think like a man preview.. hahaha
keep it clean cut like bald heads.
I love remixing R&B songs to Gospel ..
And to far away from here.
lol u crazy
#NewBeans my idea of preparing for theatre usually involves use of a restroom, maybe snacks
I love my bo<3 CHRIS!!!!
Dancing in the rain :)
I hate that part. Glad it's not there! (Maybe it got cut because of the late start.)
: Are digital humanists hot or cold? Perhaps just savage.
Thanks for the RT.
our party on the 30th aka the chimney.
With all the spiritual authors and teachers out there preaching come follow me, I will enlighten you, why are we still here?
Pretty crazy, huh bro?
thank you! :)
Fall registration is about to begin. Every class has a cutoff number. 3176145057. www.yatkids.org
Indeed. I applied that same reasoning to reaching over and slapping the offender. ;)
high someone at vh1 is GENIUS ...lol
Was at Bar Hayama in W LA the other night for some #SUMO Sake!!!! Great spot!
Sound like a plan
Thanks for the retweet. #BASEES conference always yields fascinating material!
Can't wait to open up my popstar mag and have a Austin Mahone pull out poster(:
The only time you Ustream is when I can't watch. D':
yes and omg when I watched that's so sad and I dont get how ppl can make fun of him
my biggest fear is being the guy who gets "nexted" on MTV's "Next" as soon as i walk off the bus
3 espressos later & i think i'll stay awake for my 1st attempt at beer pong tonight. Now what to do about the shaking?
Another great evening at the track... Not to hot, not to cold, and perfect for motorcross!
Wise words. Applies to personal responsibility, the free sector, and the government.
": Passed my last proficiency! HYFR. Im so fucking happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>."let's go that makes both of us!
Gingras: Users go to home pages only 25% of the time. Take away: attend to your story pages for search and social!
You say: Joss Whedon directed and helped write this? I'M THERE.
Two teeths were taken off & now I'm in bad pain ;(
happy australia day!
"Put a light at the end of your tunnel"
thanx for the <3, what's cookin' on your end?
id love for to follow me, i voted all day so far!!
Going HOME finally!!
Best of wishes to Adam tonight if St.Louis wins he wins $900,000 . If you follow him on twitter u can get $15 grand,Fake?
Thanks for following! I look forward to seeing your tweets!
we don't need kind discourse when dealing with overt communists who've ravaged the country and stomped on our constitution
“: RT : Ex 5-star Michigan DB recruit Demar Dorsey will play for Hawaii this yr.” son of a bitch!!!!
Eric cantor sucks...
We may be stopping in at local businesses to get perks for our IndieGoGo campaign this weekend. Where do you want us to get giveaways from?
its worth a try, maybe :)
To help you achieve your ideal smile, we are offering $300 OFF an Implant! Offer vaild for new patients only & scheduled appt by Jan31st
#Jmac is the man.
Any plans for today tweeps:D?
Construction Spending Up Slightly After Declines
So, what are you #writing today?
Thanks for the mention. Happy Friday!!!
is this a Gary Paulson reference?
That's no cobbler. That's a crisp.
Great opening to the keynote. Big thanks to Mary Lynn Miller. #shrmatl12. Thanks mom!
poor Jen she cant get Twitter. She doesnt understand it. FB is about all she can do.
weird to be getting dwts tweets at 630 pm.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation. ~ Henry Ward Beeche
Lmfao I love the security guards in this school. They just made my dayy.
LMAO SO YOU'LL BE LIKE ME THEN
oh yeaahh !! I can't waiit!! Its gonna be awesome to know that, I just hope that Chelsie H. is one of them! :D
she made this huge poster that says, "JoBro Comeback 2k12! Make Them The #1 Boy Band Again!"
I think I'm about to have a break down.
RT "Opinion + Twitter + Math Imagery = Talking Point." How meta...
Well is my favorite topic so happy to have you learn more :-) I just DM'd you my personal email.
muhfucka come see me before I put my hands on you and slap you silly
What's a good movie to watch?
I know it's too windy when the pond in my subdivision is like a waterpark wave pool.
next tat
“: I'd call you a douchebag, but that would imply you could get near a vagina.”
The #ATX! #Austin is vibing on a whole other level...on a whole other Spectrum!
oh good. want!
you duh sexy
Brock: "my favorite baseball player is Tony Romo and my favorite football plar is Josh Hamilton."
#Ringer is back Tonight at 9PM after a crushingly long hiatus! Right after an All New #90210 at 8PM!
definatly have to say the crowd in Williamsport
Caffeine withdrawal? May cause headaches
Buffalo sweetbreads, grilled ramps, foie gras biscuits....oh man I love Delish dinner w/ &
are you going to #sxsw this year?
I love farmhouse modern.
Closing your fist and tricking your dog into thinking there's a treat in there to make them come to you.
guys follow ! She's really nice.
How did I get on a list called Cute Boys? I'm an owl.
study hard, and play hard! we got your college life covered
it leaked? Or are you bluffing? Lol
I'm not the average girl from ur video n I ain't built like a supermodel... but I learned to love myself unconditionally bc I am a queen
Its funny how Alex posted something about being in Florida and 43 minutes later Austin posts something
fbobiles Leadership's about people. Helping them believe in their gifts. Lifting them up vs. tearing them down
Stupid #BBM is working, but my email is going crazy! *sigh* #RIM get it together, don't force me to go to the #iphone!
RT : pretty sure my is rocket fuel.
Oh honey, I have on my phone. We can do the reservation on the fly.
you can talk crap all you want about the Yankees they still have a better record than your Halos
Is it wrong of me to feel like I need support in getting through life? Am I THAT much of a failure because I'm not 100% self-sufficient? :(
Upon hearing DickyV on MikeandMike my 6 year old asked "dad why is this guy crying?"..."he sounds funny".
G'morning Mama Bear!! :-D
you have locking lug nuts that we need a key for? Did you have the key with you? Will pass along...
soo tired and have to get up early for work but not sleeping till I win for my girls :-)
Big RE-ORDER from a school system for the speech therapists. They love Say-N-Play and so do the kids! Improve articulation the fun way!
#WhyYoShoes look like they were white 5 years ago and you bleached em 30 times!
I look forward to meeting too, and to being on Korcula and Pelješac again. I think that may be my favorite part of Dalmatia.
Nothing like the #LonelyIsland before hitting the sheets
yow jus hear chill my cousin
#SignsYouLostAFight you limping backing to your car to get your gun.
Oh, I know a lot Kev. ;-) No, I am glad I could be of help! How have you been?
JJ Redick's favorite band is Silversun Pickups. I knew he was my favorite Duke player for a reason.
Do you have the Geek Squad insurance with them? If you do, it should be super cheap...
I will always pick being ridiculous over being boring.
Red beans and rice didn't miss her
Can't wait for this autograph-tastic weekend to start. Waukesha Sportscards today and tomorrow. On Deck on Sunday.
I think both crowd and sourcing sound bad. Maybe community enabling?
""Up...blessed....thankful....humble...Goodmorningg””
The first day of school was a blur. I got lost everywhere. "Do you know where room 1724 is?" "Uh, first floor of Cannon." Thanks guys.
"Spacetime tells matter how to move; matter tells spacetime how to curve."
Moms are special people.
RT : 91% of online U.S. adults access social media in a typical month - Experian Simmons
Awesome hearing you on the Ross & Burbank Show this morning. I felt the same way about the Perfect Game against the Mariners.
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the #ClearedJobFair #security clearance
your religious values don't support #gaymarriage Your religion says one man and a women, and a woman, as many as you'd like!
Don't just tell your mate you love them. Tell them WHY. Adding "because" at the end of "I love you" creates intimacy.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
do we really want to talk about who ppl support or do we have 2 bring up that little terrorist group filner likes.
Movie time with my gay bestie
The squirrels can ALWAYS find me.
“: Hopless romantic.” yup... Me too.
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Saturday night bitches!
See my previous tweet :)
RT If you want to follow you
just delivered some awesome food for our #homeless clients!
It's the NBA Finals.... right?
you did, you did!
It's easy to love the lovable- its the unlovable we should reach out to<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
#oomf get on twitter just to talk about they relationship, go back to Facebook with that shit
thanks for the shout out! How is your company coming?
RT : the most adorable twins in the world just left the store.
Still havent figured out the whole Chipotle thing. Ive never been good w/ assembly lines. Also feels weird eating food larger than an infant
Jets get Tebow. Wow! Hope it works out better than the Favre deal a few years ago. J E T S! jets Jets
Well said, oh wise one. Just hoping I don't get snowed in here.
Drake Responds To "Take Care" Album Leak (DETAILS) Summary: Rapper Drake 's forthcoming album Take Care leaked late last night and his
People that don't have a back bone or any sort of opinion, I make their life impossible.
I love lofts :)
Bicycle Chains: Avid FR-5 Bicycle Brake Lever Set
yo team lost first round they ant no good lmao my team gone make it to round three
Sometimes it lasts in love. But sometimes it hurts instead.
Papillary Thyroid carcinoma | Hypothyroidiam and Benefits of ...
'All I want for Christmas, is You...' <U+2665>
fasho! let me know.
What are you waiting for?
Good girlfriend. let's hang out.
Anytime Homie!!! we going on round two over here at the palace Racks On Racks Racks
feels good to be on the winning team
Our athletes at our gym range from 2-3 double unders to 300+ unbroken
anyone have more info?! “: Police Alert- Stabbing//0210hours//600 New York Ave, NW//
Is this what you call a family
Come on #springbreak2012 hurry up!
haha! You'll be a pro!
false volleyball>
its about to get crazy
Join us tomorrow for the first ever #VanityFriday. Wear your fav organization's TVP swag and remember to support the org. Tweet us pics!
People are acting like they're getting married. Its awkward cause what if someone else likes one of them?! you just make them feel like shit
IT'S FUCKING NICE IN NEW YORK, NY #THEFINGWEATHER best site ever. i fucking swear.
Could watch ESPN Film Room with Dino Gaudio, Tim Welsh, Mark Gottfried and Fran Fraschilla forever. They breakin down #Cats and
Why so smiley?
That would be awesome if they could be handheld size.
thank you! :)
I'd love to see cooking segments where U surprise someone at their home & cook from their supplies!
Adding a personal Twitter account to my networking tool kit...
Good morning!
At times, though rare, when I put out info about my Jesus Is No Joke book-the words "Jesus Freak" comes up to imply "fanatics" and such.
Football weather for the NFL Draft.
Glad to see ya!
Im unthinkable (;
Glad you enjoyed our set as STP! I'm bassist. Check our stuff Oct 7 at the Warehouse on Jefferson!
did that earlier....
please follow me!!! you are my life, i would be the ground you walk on!!!!
what kind of car?
“And all at once it gets hard to take/It gets hard to fake what I won’t be"
follow us babes(;
hit me up if you wanna music video done
im not
Been working every weekend to get money for ! already got tickets, now need money for everything else.
#PinkTip When creating a logo make sure you keep it simple, catchy and unique.
your great love your tweets :) they make me smile
Oh there you are Peter.
I cannot respond through tears of laughter. "Help" and "IR webpage" together in a tweet, har har har.
2:30AM. destroying a couple bowls of Reese Puffs and chocolate almond milk.
Laser Cats. Crying.
you know those blonde hairs? Sometimes they rule life. Just do. Si, no sync B4 phone swap. Good lesson in Letting Go!
Isn't that the one with Matt Damon?
im only eating 2 donuts... im on a diet
Working on Saturday morning is so much better when you work with the A team!
Making everyone happy is a hard task, never try it.
I am!
I thought it was code and you were being held against your will!
Nice benefit at the House of Blues for autism last night. Great music from Sarah M and many others. Hope they raised some good money...
Sorry to anyone who follows me who isn't also taking part in the q&a. I feel for you.
Stressin like crazy
I could complain lol. But really no need to~I'll email ya ;)
Drose please don't hurt 'em!
you know it. Bumpin along since 1987. Quarter of a century of layin down da bump.
Crap, yolene is screwed
BELOW THE BRIM links Reach Out & Read w/ Discover Card. They later produce "Sounds of Love". Book on CD for children in NICU... BAM
do you like watermelon? Tehehehe. PLEASE REPLY.(;
Been there, done that! Are we saps or just plain caring? Maybe it IS hormones!
Still can't believe Stern effed you guys with that "basketball reasons" veto. The west is OKCs this yr anyway
I just need that special someone who won't hurt me.
Just realized how much harder I have to work to make it.
Next week it is!
Just got ran into a bunch of cunatruction signs by a semi truck but moys great driving prevented us from getting hit
thank you:)
because it was an elimination game. He was down 3-0 to me.
Doing the same, S2 gets better
thank ya
": Only people who don't know facts cause issues #politics101"
right back atchya!
Somehow only just remembered that today's the anniversary of what is probably still the greatest and best event in the history of the world.
Needing out of this house before I blow a fuse.
that would be great! Whats your number lets talk!
yea what kathy said hopefully
The prospect of Milo's 10-year extension is giving me an extension.
who is your target and what actions do you want them to take?
Thank god your here! ^_^
Exciting things happening in the near future!
Ugh, let me go to England now.
I'm thin, bumping and grinding causes bruising.
It sucks to have so little after having lived through so much.
Quote of the day: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude." Scott Hamilton
Leakage of my new album on www.RegimeChangeMusic.com Okai Haiti
Da next pair of Jay's I'm buying are my gf 4's nd my playoffs.
Thanks! We are blessed! ": Yay! Congrats to you and your family!"
Had a GREAT time at a last-minute cookout! Now to prepare to enjoy the actual holiday on Monday...by doing much of nothin'.
ah very jealous thanks for the invite though wish we could go!!
ALL #mahomies FOLLOW ME!!!(: i followback
Dropped my auto responder today. If I have something to say it will be me saying it!
Haha! Chapter 1 in the book of Vincent Renfield: When podcast shit-talking comes back to bite you in the ass.
Had some cough syrup to stop from hacking my lungs up and now I feel like I'm drunk...this is trippy.
One day a chump, the next day a champion. What a difference a day makes in tournament poker. -- Mike Sexton
i'm looking through the wall at all you lmao
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb
"This is the special day you were born, the day our friend & family tooted their horns" bday poem by my 10yr old
No one at the library seems to appreciate my sudden case of the giggles.
Thanks, guys. Appreciate your support. Hopefully we can get you up here for the next one.
Way to go! Hope you make a million.
Love when old college teammates stop by to visit!
that shyt Dope bro'
be happy your poppy's in a better place. I know how you feel buddy, I lost my cousin this morning. She was too young to go.<|3
PR AT SM5000 I feel so good. 10k PR baby now I am ready for my 50 mile race next week.
Hey internet, will be coming to the SF Bay Area to do a clinic and show. Stay tuned for details and get excited!
a guy. I met him at this camp I went to a few years ago
I'm Bad LL Cool J 'my hat is like a sharks fin'
I'm going to warped tour!! FUCK YES
Hey t-shirt designers! I want you on my blog! Send me an email () and show me your stuff...
Free speech...but not for thee.
He was like "I try to give the motherfucker some milk, it gon jump at me!! Motherfucker!!! Don't ever do no thing!" LMFAOOOOOO
As told by the British.
It is the new thing. Cool I think.
n study hall chillin wit
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!? 11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG OF ALL TIME!!
I love laughing so hard till your stomach hurts and you go down to the floor
I left my phone at church... I can't get it until either this Sunday, or next Wednesday... I'm so mad.
Ever seen the documentary "Food, Inc."?? If not, I highly recommend it!
I Love Food.
Four principles of LOD, #2- It should be http referanceable
I've been dying for it to come out.
dont understand how schools that aren't even downtown are closing for NATO but jones isnt
Eat within 30 mins of waking & every 2-3 hours- it prevents the body from going into starvation mode & storing calories as fat
! NEW TOXIE!!!I wanna part or some fx work please!!
like always...this isn't starting on time
I feel like I've read many with these themes--I'll ponder.
Save some of that for me, I could use it. And the vodka, too.
T-Minus 8 days till I see you!!!!
thank you we had no idea he was coming here!
Moving in to our new town home today!!! Can I get a HELL YEAH!?
I would make 's saffron olive oil cookies for my nieces!
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. -Epictetus
senior ditch day is all this week for me c:< lmao jk
lol my guy
So proud of our Rev Sammy Sam Sam!!! Love You girl!!!
After my first foray into competitive dodgeball last night, I can safely say I still suck balls at it...pun intended.
Great night with Football game was crazy!
Just a thought..do u really believe what u say u believe or is it what u were trained or taught to believe?? Any topic...
i feel you! like brail lol for real
got a dozen roses a card and a promise ring! How was yours?
Its called a bathroom break. Is that why Nathan missed 70% this year?
probably in like half an hour
Please complete the CAPTCHA.
Losing a fear is a lot like losing a couple inches on the belt line--you can just breathe a little easier!
DYK? Zeta Phi Beta Sorority symbol is a white dove ..
Twitter is suggesting I should follow , , and Domino's Pizza. Two out of three ain't bad...
The conversation me and are having x')) <3
the nearly opened starbucks is nearly fabulous. We were only there for about 15 mins...
CES Convention in Las Vegas is just around the corner book your discounted group rates or individual rooms now www.myvegaspeople.com
- Great seeing you at the Foundation's Gala last night. You looked lovely!
Apple reported Q4 revenue of $46.33B and net profit of $13.06B ($13.87 per diluted share.) Reports described the results as "obliterating" …
Fuck you very much.
Eats beat: Curly&#39;s Frozen Custard plans tie-in to &#39;Stooges&#39; movie
Why lie over the petty shit?
Nothing ._. I have no life. -_-
yep, so use to making everyone around me happy, that I forgot about myself and of course no one thought to remind me lol!
That is good new market support at these levels, in this case bad is good......I don't like short things.....;)
Thx for responding.. I realized it may hv been caused by having app open in multiple windows. I will test again & feedback
because of a bad joke...thats low!!!
I'm surprised at all the books and library literature reviewed in goodreads; tested with "information literacy" search
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear who just booked Criminal Minds!!!
hes not the dog we thought he was
Aw! You got it back though, right? Hope you're ok!
My grandma should check me out and take me shopping c:
you honestly don't think the denver bigs ran our bigs tired?....ill respectfully disagree with you
Off to book club to discuss Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day & nosh on Euro-themed potluck lunch! Special guest:
I'm going to the Hopkins Festival in Newbridge this July and wanted to see if any Jesuits would be there!
Happy Monday, how was your weekend #twitter fans??? Tweet us about your weekend...!!!
George Wallace~ Why does the Air Force need expensive new bombers Have the people weve been bombing over the years been complaining
where is your favorite place to vacation?
he's starting shit!
is such a HOTTIE!!!!
it's called "nightfall" it was soo good
Maybe it's buzz... And making the neighborhood feel like they "own" it...
hell yeah!
#WTF Just Now getting off work
Just signed up with Genting, can you get me a bonus code before I make deposit?
busy day. graduation parties and a former tx tech player opening a new club over in city centre. will be good to see old friends though.
Now I Can't Tell What's a Better Accessory, My New Watch Or The Chick standing Right Next To Me !
#SaySomethin WAS AMAZING . PURE PERFECTION . I LOVED IT . Aren't You Proud ?(;
Twitter keeps asking me "what's happening?" What exactly am I supposed to say when I've had a bottle of wine and nothing is happening?
First Bil Keane, now this. Rough week...
Excellent! I'm glad to be part of your SKC list.
okay I'll just wait like a month to see you.
I got a+ on two of my finals I've never done that before
Aha thanks
Charge maybe?
Kill me.
Apparently i'm not allowed to watch the same tv shows as other people.
Happy Birthday !
Registration now open for #RITBrickCity Homecoming!
Had a great week. On Wednesday, my Big Band did a VERY successful fundraiser for "Feeding America" at the Wisconsin Club.
oh I know right I've been real busy with this whole show thing.
is researching the bottle bill, only active in 11 states in the US....only 39 more to go..!
I'd like to quit but who'd take the job. The pay is too low to post on Monster.
I'll leave it up to my nearly 5 y.o. daughter to test the battery life while using Netflix. :-)
Justin bieber didn't get that bitch pregnant, I cock blocked his ass with my security
Gucci Louie Prada!
Lets go heat!!!
Are they mutually exclusive? :). Thought you were a hockey fan?
is about to respond to the commentators feedback in Collision Course.
lol so you meh on the whole thing
way to hold on to win, just done let those big leads get away going forward. Go Pacers. 3-1 time to close it out at home.
what is your favorite stop on LPGA? and why?
sorry i dont
it was #AhMazing!
thanks girl! Its starting to kick in. Whewwwww!
I’m not a second option, You either choose me or you lose me
Overslept everyday this week so far.
I did something today I never thought I'd do. Can't tell you what, but let's just say this: WI Idea is alive and well. Very alive.Very well
anytime, although I could do w/o the obligatory olive tree spiders :)
I've also heard good things about the Sunoco at 1269 Chili, but that's a little farther away.
you're absolutely right. Thank you, happy new year to you too coach
up on the tables, get out here to Klusoz
Amen. RT Let's be clear-there is difference btw peaceful May Day events&cowards using them as cover to commit crimes
Seeing The Avengers with David tonight! I'm so excited. :)
I cant wait to watch American Ninja Warrior!
hey there hows your weekend going? , what do you do for fun? hope you return my compliments
Oh and thank you but Ian not as pretty as u are!!
.... how can you pick a favorite scene is what i want to know.
At this morning! Wait isn't bad and the delicious coffee cake & coffee is out! Perfect Saturday!
u declined it:Ox
Thank you! This is very helpful!
hey we lost our connection and cant get back in!
"Your loving kindness is better than life" ~ Psalms 63:3 ..
I can not even IMAGINE working on a project for six months but it was so worth it!
thanks Jim! It was a great group and convo!
Curious to know... how many of you are real hockey fans?
wow month 5!!
You should go see a doctor “ Mine are bigger.”
you aint said nothing but a word!!!
Remember, The Noble has it's first official (soft) opening tonight at 5pm. 704 s 2nd st in Walker's Point. Will you be there?
I've already decided not to leave RDIO... its just so much simpler to use
Let's stop fueling our movement on junk food: Soda, chips, cookies, refined grains. Winning campaigns requires good health!
wait- when was it gone o.O
rolling rock
Families at the Rox C enjoy a meal thanks to musicians and celebs.
And fuck the system.
Altitude 38,000, Speed is at 512 MPH and only 235 miles until we touchdown in the beautiful city by the bay.
If a toxic substance was in front of you, walking away from it would be wise. Why not treat toxic thoughts and toxic people the same?
Cooling With The Team
Google Talk is free for this whole year! I don't think you can receive calls but you get free outgoing calls.
haha im going to the kemps family party then im going town if u want to come but i will be going GC :)
Yeah just use the code "steven" when checking out man and you also get 10% off !!! Its a steal..
My girls are turning into quite the debaters. They can refute claims and fend off philosophical fallacies. Logic games, we're working on it!
“I’m Don Cornelius, and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace and soul!” -Don Cornelius
ha just providing moral support brother!
RT : I just want a Philly while I'm here is that too much for a skinny nigga to ask for? Fuck.
Just caught an episode of Best Ink. The artist London... Holy hotness batman!!! I need to watch this more often.
Good morning, artists & art fans!
I agree Jizem sucked & Tribe gave up far too much in trade for a Fausto like outing. He was pathetic.
Ugh, haven't had one of those in about 15 years. Hope you feel better soon.
she's italian
looking forward to the auction on Friday. Thank you for all of your support for the Miracle League Field of the South Hills!
thanks Josh
Blessing & Happy New Year to all. Remember our military and public safety personnel in 2012 who demonstrate that COURAGE LEADS!
Those people you see and tell your buddy "why's your cousin wearing that outfit?" lmfaoo
Sounds great and important. Where/how do we learn more?
Awesome thanks! And because you're a Wolfmother fan
I'll Have Another. Life motto, Derby winner.
I wanna go to Africa!
Man is born to dream, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled. Managers are too.
“Hard work spotlights the character of people:some turn up their sleeves,some turn up their noses, and some don’t turn up at all.”–Sam Ewig
suffice to say i'm just thinking about dumb stuff.
Damnit ! Thanks for the twitter hack & all the preparation H.
Yea I remember. It was your neighbor right? Glad you got some of that back. I'll be watching C-List.
terrible news. May have to get it delivered tonight.
Holy cow the Holiday World & Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets sold out FAST this morning! Check bk Mon mornings @ 9 for a new allotments.
getting artwork ready
": Happy Mothers Day ".....Thank you...you are really sweet =]
RT : No more library books to a knife fight
nice meeting you as well and thanks for quick link!
not feeling the neighborhood love tonight? I love Applebee's! (in real life, not sure about on FB)
#TBH Girls of the world ain't nothin' but trouble...
were you trying to be picked ?
So happy for Phil Humber tonight. Will never forget that 2003 team, those 10 days in Omaha & Humber's gem to win it all.
And so yea our taxi cab driver this morning was Detroit Blue from "Pimps Up, Hoes Down"..he told us we didn't owe him. True Detroit Love!
Will do!
The hashtag is #c21nonhuman. See you soon!
6th Annual Robert Burns Supper tickets now on sale. Early registration starts at $45 for supper, $80 for Dinner and Macallan Whiskey.
Wow!You See This!
$2107.86 of what we raised raised for Partners in Health was matched by The Entrepreneurs Foundation HelpHaiti Fund!
so how's that photo pass email doing
ill tweet you.. lol
"Your past has you in a chokehold. You deserve it from what I'm told." listening party with on the way home! <U+E00E>
Roosevelt Dinner is coming up in just 2 wks! Earlybird ticket deadline is 4/6, so get them asap! www.sddemocrats.org/dinner
Oh so glad I found my boy . I miss you so much it's unreal ):
consider it done.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. - W. Clement Stone
hey stranger
I really want to see Blue Valentine!
had jury duty today, did not have to report. Have jurty duty tomorrow... won't find out until tonight if i have to report.
I weighed in and lost 4.0 lbs.
Best returm ever
If I didn't fail that chemistry quiz, it'll be a miracle. Good thing I know how to name different acids and bases......
If you sell #Boston #Deals why not partner with Make it easy for customers to find you. Email Mike:
Sleeping & puking all day. Blacked out at the club last night, don't even remember the ride home. Successful birthday-smash was successful.
I'm so hungry I'm loopy. This explains why I just bought coral high waisted shorts. They can't REALLY look cute on me, right?
guess who's playing in LA next weekend? (hint: the initials are YTG)....
#Support third who #Support themselves .. #THEBEST is yet to come!!
G.M.N.I.: Ramen noodles then back to mi cama.
Lol, go ahead.
Baby Mayweather, that's what they call me.
Anyone going to the Red River Shootout game on Saturday? Who will you be pulling for?
U got ur iPhone?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRODIGY!!!! Love you have a wonderful day <3
Sick of this
at least i executed the snakes out my circle so i dont have to wonder but still always keep both eyes open
That's a while different argument, shit I got over it
I love and so proud of your WIN!
I wonder what my life would be like if I spent as much time meditating on scripture as I do checking my Facebook/Twitter..
Good choice, dear. You know I love :)
So I found an old Macintosh Plus in our basement. I want it to work.
I'm going to my first game of the season tonight. Excited for copious amounts of peanuts & beer. Emphasis on peanuts.
Lack of table manners turns dinner into disaster
haha thanks? I guess. Should it be a thanks?
RT : Looking forward to interviewing for the next issue of UT Young Alumni MinUTe. Be on the look out for it in May!
omg nice! lol :)
good seeing you too. You were amazing :)
Sounds like that was an excellent show. I love me some Wanda Sykes.
my friend made a weird face today and he reminded me of jim carry from th mask and bruce almighty!!LOL
Officially into my new house and looking forward to getting back down to the excitement happening at Host
Irving, TX the city & state why 183 will be the death of me!! Seriously need to enforce STRICT rules & testing to get a drivers licence.
thanks for the follow! Missed you guys last week in Chicago, next time for sure! Love all your music! :)
If I had to do it all over again, I probably would have ditched the powdered wigs.
RT : thankful as always that I turn on comp & instead of 'you've got mail' I see "you've got #smgirlfriends"!
nice to tweet you! Would be happy to talk w/ you about the ecommerce systems u use for your clients!
yes!! Love you!! Let me know how long you will be in town
Guess tonight is Beyonce and Rihanna night!!! * dougies*
hah thats awesome man. Super excited
patent pending!!
Marriage? Or MarryAged?
Our pleasure. RT : thanks for spreading the good #spa word!
There's no other reason for this delay this morning. I'm dressed and everything.
Loving the commercial during the super bowl!!
#nathanjones and #maxholloway both on weight for tomorrows event do us proud chaps oussu!
We are getting ready to have the BIGGEST ABA Pro Basketball Season ever in 2011-2012. Great things are happening!!! Stay Tuned For Details!
Notifications Beans
What's with the "Mon-Fri" on the sign? Is the transfer only free on weekdays?
- Thanks for the note! indeed does rock, and often! :) Take care and thanks again!
hey guys! Mention us in tweets!!! :)
Succumbing to
Too bad you're not running again. We need more lvl headed politicians.
They are really good.
I like flirting with senior citizens because they seem to appreciate my charm
GUE$$ I NEED TO CHECK OUT THAT #TWILIGHT HUH?
I lose track; are you a hockey guy? Cause Kings, baby! Kings!
Honored to have had my incredible drum set professor, Danny Gottlieb, come to a show I played in tonight! I'm happy to say he enjoyed it : )
ur phone boring
Another busy, productive, blessed, life-full day!! Going home to my sad puppy soon.
the weather sucks today:(
#Mariners ....you are effin pesky!
Never give a fuck, Never be disappointed.
Fusion develops metacognitive anti-hegemonic team solutions? Das it!
This ninja gon tell me I'm too loud. Hmph
Yes, I'm listening to Ratatat. What of it?
Italian football is crazy. 2 red cards and 4 penalties in the last 15 minutes!!
I feel bad for "Community" - having a terrible lead-in like "Whitney" is NOT GOOD.
Hi! How is your Wednesday going? Round here we've been very productive! :)
u reminded me i have flood pants that would prob work since i am short they are almost full lenght pants but can hike em
Happy Hour at Starbucks >>>
RT If the game is not shown near you tonight, NFL Network is showing it Friday night if you can wait a day--11:00 pm est.
": Got your voice warmed up? Karaoke tonight! Upstairs. 10PM-2AM!"
"Self-esteem is the immune system of the mind and of the spirit." — Lee Pulos: is a psychologist, entrepreneur and author
Congrats to the for their huge wins tonight. Congrats to me for having the guts to wear my knee-high striped Naptown socks.
is workin' on the House Staff at the Blue Man tonight till midnight! I may need a shot after I'm through.
Chyna Phillips sounds like a karaoke singer: decent compared to most people who sing karaoke, but pretty rough for a professional singer.
Give him a break, its sunday and he needs to relax RT oh shit. rainbow ritardo 18+ minutes.
Ugh. At least it wasn't a slaughter (for 3 quarters)
Just got My beautiful camera!
continuing to work on speakers for industry events in the fall. Lot's of good events coming up and great WiMAX agenda topics!
Double Agent! has the latest on the twist in the Al Queda airline bomb plot + LIVE.
Let the hysteria begin - has risen again.
Thanks, Don!
Zack doesn't like the big markets and has a full NT if I remember.
unfortunately it's still going on! We arent done until mid June! Stupid quarter system lol!
What are you doing tonight? In Houston? Have a drink with us
See a movie recently? Write a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
South Florida has declared a cold weather emergency. Could dip into the 40's. Please send space heaters and hot chocolate.
so many things on my mind...!
is it called photo hunt ?! I wanna download it !!
hey Sarah I think your so amazing but you probably will never notice me but if you do please follow me :)
You can't be serious RT : Only in Louisiana ... Shrimp and Petroleum Festival.
I only regret not having twitter apps on my Blackberry when I do conferences. Otherwise, it's been a good decision.
white chicks!!
I can't WAIT 2 read ur book. I <U+2665> U & have 4 many years; how about a quick HI JANA please 2 ur big Dallas fan, PLEASE?
I don't know what pisses me off more, Kevin Durants free throw shimmy or anything LeBron James does.
At Cafetto working on studio. But that should really read, "Where ever I go, and every moment, I am working on studio.."
I did have to use Odor Eaters when I got them back
Last night I was fucccckkkeddddd up
List paint filler hole punch inks and extener light bulbs paper plates plastic forks and knifes
Learnin bout some soul music! Great stuff!
"RT : Please RT This exact message to be entered to win an autographed photo from ! Winner selected Friday!"
musicxray.com has some opps and feedback - u pay a little but you can build relationships -
"Cause Marketing is a win-win for both companies and non-profits" says
Thanks for the RT, hope to see you at the International Sweethearts discussion tomorrow
just had an urge to tell someone to stop shuffling their feet...
I'm trying to! I need to get a band :( r u?
i think i got that one but nothing else :( yet... let me know if I miss anything good ;)
Rip it off no joking
The paps can get at you all the time, but that was IT when they tried to take away you walking where Jesus did. IDIOTS!
and it's three different topics! We are kick ass!
so in a sense the movement is watered down and the achievement is exaggerated to exploit race relations
YOU look amazing!!!! You've always been simply GORGEOUS but honey that dress is STUNNING on you (btw, I'm a sz 10 too!)
you too. Have fun with Cassey
Kobe giving Justin Timberlake some love!!! Love it
aight then. get ready for another learning curve. start assembling tus rolas favoritas
Saturday at Farm Associated come in and try out OG Confidential as the strain of the day!!!
I'm just excited. Not much goes on in my everyday life.
you are one of my favorite people on Twitter. And in general. :)
Standing idle.......before the storm
thanks! Ill check it out
Cant trust anyone anymore.
12 hour fasting Burger King smells delicious Doctor's appointment
Yea if you pay for it !! Lol RT : unlimited wings right? Lol
if u would have said okc that would of been ok but since u was talking shit on heat now ur team lebron that's my point
Wow. I'm speechless on that one.
Dont go broke trying to look rich.!
Hey when are you getting yourself on dancing with the stars?
Thanks for following Fears Agencies wendell fears
Yeah buddy
I wouldn't say utter shit, but it was mostly negative
. please don't wreck the Hokusai with Jeremy Lin!!!
#TAP1D #TAP1Year wooaaahh what a great week for you guys :) !! so very proud ! I love you
Tryna create that beat, but can't create a fucking bass! Gahhh #FLStudios #Help?
I mean companies outside of ND! RT : I don't understand it when people send me press releases. ??
It's raining in McKinney TX!!! First rain drops since June 22.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Erin Go Bragh!!!
"you're" and "your" are NOT difficult to figure out!!! Use YOIR fucking brain because YOU'RE a fucking idiot!
Stay with me in the... yellow
If I were Jesus, i would have the power of the universe n my fingers, according to gay priests & popes and politicians wanting a free ride
Okay, love words & Have perfected the art of "faffing", I am a faffer from way back, love the Brits 4 that verb
me & katrina better go graduation shopping ^_^ even though I think I have my dress already?
Prolly gonna see what this Paranormal Activity 3 is talking about tonight...I know that shit is gonna be packed.
hell yea lol
i think is SO gorgeous. i'm so jealous. :)
What are everyone's favorite conference apps for iPad/iPhone? Recommendations?
wouldn't it be cool if your ipod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it.
Oh you could never be my boyfriend in that jacket!
love dogs myself, thanks for the follow!
That's all about the overhead storage space.
recently launched in #SanDiego. Would u spend the money on this for your pet? It's cheaper than doggie daycare!
#flashback The ladies in my dorm my 1st year at Spelman used to call me by my email name, "cheermea," because I was always so cheerful.
Which one is that?
always has good deals if you are looking.
New music for you very soon, STAY POSTED!!!
#NWLC11 If we don't daily put our lives in God's hands, soon we don't bear God's fingerprints. (Buddy Owens)
Just paid my phone bill
I like the way this was put: RT Farewell J.D. Salinger. We noticed.
Oomf is a clown... Not talking about
It was great meeting you as well at #HACR2012!
RIGHT NOW: NE Marine Drive closed between 33rd and 122nd for bad accident reported at NE 42nd.
My pussy is wet right now..
Good morning Bookie have a good day. If no one has told you they love you, I love you bestie.
Authentic communication question - What does your body feel like when you are speaking to someone on the level that works best for them?
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. Ralph Emerson
what is it about cheap greasy chinese food
Tonight's the night! Have a great time Emma and thanks again for using ShowClix :)
She is beautiful. How old.
Thanks for the RTs and
thanks for the love man. Means a lot
I think we're on to something!
Grandie Man WOW
gotcha. I loved playing on all-girls club teams, the support between teams was amazing, especially for the younger girls.
pee in ur face who
Leave alone the voodoo.
Things in DC: in Meridian Hill park, where you can watch yoga, bocci ball, kendo and tight-rope walking all at once.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. :)
#yee it would be friggin awesome if u followed me :) !
even doctors need doctors
Hardin, just because you play for Oklahoma doesn't mean you gotta look like a hillbilly.
over\under 200 laps on luigi's this weekend?
ahah yeah i;m pretty bored and trying to find a nother picture.. lol
That's true class. #OppositeDay RT : PA guy announces Noah is a no go-crowd cheers.
take that picture and put your money where your dollars and looks at Jeffrey Dahmer my homie i got you son!!!
that doesnt point to a deity though, if a God created the universe who created God
Agree 100%. Always great to beat The Hen.
Wouldn't your life be terrible if you had spray-on shoes?
<-in this pic,she's not my gf^_^
yep. Great album. Have listened to it about 11 times in last month.
Was about to install some high res images and windows 7 crashes on me. Now all I see is a black screen :(
What other designers have #KipsBayFlashback pics to post?
me too!!
w| #tiffany #danilo #christian , throw down's and blunts
we shall see my man. Goona be one hell of a series. Certainly no love Lost between the two
no. i need nail polish obviously....
If you don't have anything going on, we have another event tomorrow night at It's Rolling Rock tall boys.
I'm leaving house in my clothes from last night and holding banana.. I look extremely normal
Got a txt suggesting I go green for my Earthday gifts this year. Good advice. The packaging on my Earthday presents was getting obscene.
I've got the tickets. Hit me up so you WONT MISS OUT! Don't miss great poets, dancers, actors, singers, comedians, and some body paint!
Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags
Every time I'm at Pike Place I'm looking around w/ awe like it's the 1st time. So many interesting characters & places.
Don't really follow hockey, but can't believe people's reactions toward Joel Ward's accomplishments. "Idiots" does not begin to describe it.
whats up twitter!!!
#ThatOnePersonWho is their for u in the good times n the bad time is a true friends
Big ass or big cock?
Ok so I need a dress 4 the wedding, an outfit 4 Thursday & Friday, and 2 birthday's fits.....Guess I'll start looking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
come to my locker
Thanks to the IRHC Officers for the beautiful flowers delivered to our Call Center!! Your recognition is greatly appreciated!
You give Dr. Seuss a run for his money!
Do you know if Apple has released anything about the iPhone 5? I know you can start pre-ordering on September 30th, but thats all..
I would love to go overseas or to south America and run a camp for kids or get to coach at one. That would be fun.
Pizza and happiness
you guys are killing me :(
Can't wait for Ty to take me to taco bell! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
that seems highly unlikely.
RT : Thx! but I sounded like a wet blanket on a warm muggy day. Here's more insight AND A CHART!...
ahh you see the rags got wolski?
I can feel myself losing it, going on 3 days without solid sleep.
Thanks dude!!!
In hiding. Well, now that I have no means of going out with the rest of you animals there's really nowhere for me to be?
Alleyway TO Broadway .2MoneyNevaSleepz (EP) prod. By COMIN SOON!!!!
I rebuke you.. lol
Always Sunny in Philidelphia marathon on project free tv... S/O to ! I see u fam!!!
Hahaha that's funny. Is he still dating that chick?
Ikr I'm just that cool. I'm a cool cat.
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.- Aristotle
how bout them Royals!
Any #community managers out there using Assistly? Thoughts?
Some Oregonians tweeting from
Freddie Gibbs is an every day music choice.
Falling in love is like jumping off a building. Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
my profile picture will not be tyler i promise. (((hey can i have the other two)))
I can't wait :) its going to be a blast! I'm super excited. It's a trAdition I get to party with you at dave!
“: J.Alexanders don't take foodstamps lol” haha well u can't take me nowhere then
& I have a question for your airport nerdery: Why do Canadian airport codes start with Y? Thought I knew but can't confirm.
Yeah pretty much. I didn't cook it. But it was ground. It seemed kind of like ground turkey. I did eat it smoked/not good.
Dude, I will get one with you. Danny would too.
idk buh i wnt it to be soon ! txt me i got a new number imma dm u it.
Austin whts ur favorite type of candy???
theres nothing to hate.
Somebody stole 7blueskies.com!! Who would want that?!?!
If it ain't broke, somebody kept it from breaking. Give that person a raise.
Yes! I'm going to email you to set up a date. I have many more questions. So great to hear your some of your strategies
what's Uppers Mayne, morning back At you. them designs and shirts done ? Gotta show we could wear em to next Sunday
The way this tournament has went this year. Why do I even pick
I'm about to watch that show
Here here!
Good bye Seattle #snow and hello Vegas!
I confess I took a bunch of stalker pics of Sebi last year at a game.
I'm 16! Geno can't touch me!! :p
I feel ya!
I checked out of this week on monday
The momentum in El Paso has been AWESOME - let's keep it going by VOTING to Bring the Social Media Tourism Symposium to El Paso!
If she's looking me up and down with side eyes. You think that she wants me. GOOD MORNING.
Going to see No Kind Of Rider at Mississippi Studios tonight.
So heat lost so Wat if the Celtics did yesterday ha ha
while its not Toys r Us catalogs...Ethan has been a circling fiend!
the word scrapple just makes us hungry...
Today I tested for 6 hours...
I'm actually feeling a little numb. I won't technically graduate until August, but I'm done. I might also be in shock.
He doesn't need your validation & Broncos fans remember that you haven't supported him all year.
yeah, fb exploits that info for sure. And I fully expect Google to exploit my searches and my email (cont)
Had Liz Worthey & David Dimmock from Wisconsin Children Hospital talk at Mt Sinai Hospt. today. Interesting discussion about clinical WGS.
my daughter and I have a weird al mind meld. White and Nerdy-the best !!!
Hugh Grant is 51!?!?! When did that happen?? NOW I feel old...
Day 1: I lost the 60-day challenge
If I Told Everyone What Was On my Mind All The Time They Would Probably Hate Me After 30 Seconds
what's twitter jail??? I here everyone talking about that
#mdayton will address the media in the reception room 15 minutes after the #mnleg vote on the #vikings bill.
Lol no! You get to see them in person :)
moving a tub down the street + my back = resting.
NASHVILLE, TN TONIGHT at the Muse! If your in the area, get to the Muse!
Love the windshield on the #NBAMVP that dude is incredible!
Was definitely a dodge to the +1 button, overall honestly kind of glad G+ hasn't been a focal point.
Pretty damn good!
Thx my man RT : loved the book coach. Looking forward to your next one!
- thanks for following ! we care about
In recent news, Depauw U is turning 175 years old...well Guantanamo's prison is turning 10 and no one cares about that either
Jamaal Charles at #10? that's insane! He is easily Top 5.
The shaytards house number was in a video and somehow people found their address Wow?
SOMEONE CUT MY HAIR ITS TOO LONG AND TOO MUCH
But there's still Something missing.
YES. SO TRUE. RT Education needs to stop always being the laggard and step up in using technology
Thank you Lord for the rain, we needed it!
happy#PiDay, everybody!
Just saw it on Thursday. You will love it!
What pictures?
Briefly speculated that bobs might be Canadian for boobs.
Boy: "Hey babe I miss you." Girl: "Your Xbox broke didn't it". Boy: "Yep...".
why would I be?
he seems very 2 dimensional . . . .
RT #Aries love making is like nothing else. You will remember how amazing it was for life.-And there you have it!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Talking Big, but Acting Little.
Re "Suspiria" (see below): Caitlin Horsmon, professor of film at UMKC, we introduce the film Sept. 19. Light refreshments will be served.
20% u-6 unemployment, economy on the brink, washington is bought, and this is the best criticism you've got?
Of course I am!
Nov. 11 at in NYC: and in conversation about higher ed. Event will be free and open to all. Stay tuned.
For $1.50, you can take a shower here in Cypress. You can't celebrate all smelly. :) <3
apparently harry confirmed that he has been texting t-swift. "We met in America, and she is very nice" according to my last RT.
I'm going to start randomly giving you pennies now
awww kailey we miss u we need u here!! :)
How many people want to trade Bynum..... AGAIN??? Explain Bynum to me Fox
ChaChi I love your dancing And I'm amazed at how old you are I thought you were like 18 XD All I'm saying is I LOVE YOU<3!!!
Inspired you'll make it from Oz, girl! In gratitude to you all for #musePhD. #MW2012 is spring term break here...m
to precious.
Who says rondo can't shoot?!
I hate liars. I hate fakes. People who say what they don't mean. Most of all, i, hate, YOU.
#WHATAFEELING when your bestfriend talks about the last guy she kissed, and you realize you're forever alone
That is dreadful. Long before caller ID I could tell if the person new me by ow my name was pronounced.
Some people need a dress code.
Why does this class sound so exhausting and expensive?
No deep-v but if you get a little Hulk Hogan on it you can reshape that neck to any shape you desire!
I say for president...at least he drinks from red solo cups....that could save tons of money at a whitehouse party...lol
We'll be back Tuesday with more updates, and some big news about our future growth! Enjoy your holiday weekend everyone...
RT : If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. Maya Angelou
:O really? xD lmao! wtf so weird! and i got heechul for that one and who i was gonna marry for the first one ;_;
Thanks Bobby! (king of the hill voice)
Osteo-arthritis Treatment method: Ways to Treat Psoriatic Arthritis ...
Powdered Coffee Mate should be outlawed.
follow me so I can DM you my email. you can always unfollow me later :)
when did you come to the twitter world? I'm impressed!
Real love is when you look into someone's eyes and see everything that you need.
You get three to try, completely free, so you can see the process.
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
Safety means nothing to people picking up their kids from school.
fucking love whiskey.
CC faculty happy hour at Shiloh.
Loved the blog post!
We're meant to be :)": plus you pretty much have thee best name ever ma'am ;o) K A T i E baybee!!!!"
Just wasted 2 hours watching RAW from last week, and no #HEEL. total waste. Hope the Show Off gets quality air time tonight.
Hello Princess.. :)
RT : Thanks for coming by today & buying a cleanse!
why would he be positive right now?? are you watching this team?? no need to sugar coat it, they suck
RT : EXACTLY. Or for other values of "published" than "in journals." #msrworkshop WE AGREE COMPLETELY
and I were talking about a theoretical situation that hopefully happens, but who would go on a road trip to see Tool with us?
Is that playing Kim Jong Un on #30Rock? That's freakin' awesome.
Exciting day. :)
RT #mycrazyobsession "Music :) I don't know what I would do without that." <---Story of my life! :)
Livin the good life... with the wife!
reisling? When did you get so classy??
PRIDE wins battles; HUMILITY wins wars.
I love my husband, but maybe you can write for men: "How you unwittingly make your wife feel guilty for being successful"
oh someone just told me was national weed day.
Rain cleanses the soul!
Same broadcasting crew as last week... Gross.
can you RT my site www.10thirty10.com sales of the stickers go to Restore Truthiness. Honest, I'm a stand up guy!
Tht moment when your sitting in the movies getting ready to watch an awesome film when all of a sudden a human giraffe sits in front of you.
2 medium one topping pizzas just $5 each! Order through
The crew hittin the lab like Pujols
Give your VAlentine SAVVY ELEGANCE! 2 pounds of our buttery toffee, paired with a stunning wooden box and a delicate fuschia satin ribbon.
Next up, Orange Empire Railway Museum. Pics + sound as I ride restored streetcars for a story on #LA's Pacific Electric line aka red cars
Instant oatmeal is a semi tasty way of saying "things aint going my way financially"
I hope Lorenitis goes. He's a douchebag.
Now ur just somebody that I used to know
I just wanted to say "Hi" and that U r such an inspiration to me and many others. Ur truely amazing! :'''D
they always think we have food when we walk by them. u know... they hiss to beg? idk girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
I hadn't even seen the site, but at that reaction, I had to look. Yep. Orange. And very Will Ferrell as James Lipton expression
that's all that matters lol
I love hiking on days like this.
My 1000th tweet goes out to all my boys
We're getting these insane commercials now in NYC, and I've never even seen this restaurant. Now, for sure I never will..
Back of neck?...Interesting...But hey...Lucky for you you have long hair!
Gearing up for the party tonight ! Hmu for guest list ladies!
I know I'm super late, but Happy BDay sir. I hope you had a great day. Luv ya.
Where did these effin sunglasses come from smh..we don't have a H&M in the ville
Missed a couple spots with sunscreen, lower legs and top of feet. I now am THAT girl with the funny burn.
Horrible customer service from Kile Signs today!!!
had so much fun yesterday you looked beautiful ! Send me pics a.s.a.p
We have our Spring 2012 Call Out Meeting tonight...who's coming? :-)
we see!! Like somebody who took they first music course gonna try teach theory classes...lmao!!!!
Sorry to upset you but that's no who I am.
The Next 12 year old That tries To hit on me is gonna get his ass handed to him by me. -___-
haha I will I will
Barkley: 'The last three dunks were fabbalous' (opposite of 'turrible')
Supports Free Range Metadata!
As long as my wife gets everything her way,on her terms ,you'll never find a happier or more contented person. Why is this? unravel,yah
hey thanks for the invite
your work tweets always make me curious about what you do.
I feel really sad right now :(
We need to use them LOL Iginla is my favorite NHL player but I hope he gets traded to a Stanley Cup team so he can win! :]
haha I'm doing sum like dat but I'm jus messin wit u
omg dude she's mexican too! I think Jimmy has a thing for Mexicans!
awesome, ill be in the diamond club, you and some of the guys going to be floating around the K?
That is also true! Did I say they were REQUIRED, Gjdoffree?
Yeah if they only played the games on paper!!
Playing a show at vzd's tonight!!!! Come party with us!!!
no video cameras, professional cameras/ones with a detachable lens.
Thanks so much, Zerah. A great and timely blogpost.
Good Morning, the start of a great week!
good morning!
Great on leg days! Loved that when we went to a gym-now we train in our basement & I work out to the news. Times have changed!
No. #haircut <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Yeah, I know, but it was weird for them to pull Cam out of the shadows for movie time with Matt!
love that you know enough to miss the backchannel, once you've participated at a conference you look forward to the connections
You're just an asshole in general.
transform ya, walk it out, devastating stereo, et, much more!
I see you.
1 0 for lead generating content! ;)
Planning an exciting new concert season. This is the best part of the job!
Should have went to SA last night I should have asked my mom and the people I was with
how about ins 4 freelancers outside NY!!
No one is safe in the #NFL. You think you're set then BOOM they found your replacement. It's tough but its necessary.
Weds - UP for air and time to breathe and get caught up on paperwork.
The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services is a division of the DHS, which has taken over several duties
Amazing how little ppl pay attention. listening to a grp of elderly saying #sandrafluke testimony was that the govt shd pay for condoms. smh
It's the opposite here. Bloody freezing!
My go-to breakfast for today = cheetos
4 day weekend
Well #aam2012 begins with a chance meeting in the hallways of the airport.
Make the Commitment to Change and It will last a Life Time!
Is there a certain time each day or a certain task that sucks the life out of you? Why do you think this is happening?
tht was bad. Gotta get one but the suck at free throws
Nats, I can't keep putting effort into staying awake to watch this game if you can't put effort into your defense.
and a dreamy Sherlock Holmes...
Done with that "I'm just playing shit" this ain't a game hoe and you wasn't "Just Saying" shit.. Who fuck asked you?
It is a great problem to have. :-)
Your event signup email says "Enter your default confirmation email message here"
Reward yourself with a night out—then let iDine do the same with AMEX Reward Cards
At the campaign office making phone calls on behalf of Tons of volunteers here! Looking forward to the rally later.
think I still have time to ask Santa for one? Talk about best toy ever! Oh the possibilities! cc:
I love how predictable people can be.
how ignorant thinking only guys like hockey!
I wanna hear the people that has something to say about not honoring black history 365 quote 100 facts...
every time I step out side planes start flying low for some reason
please follow she is you biggest fan!81
circuit diagrams don't make very nice paragraphs
Building a team of #designers for a new client's #marketing campaign! Need #graphicdesigners and #webdesigners like yesterday!!
How come the walkers don't start to decay quicker? I mean after awhile you think they would just fall apart.
he didn't did he???? Piers looks a wreck...someone should send him home with a bottle of wine....this ain't a tsunami
After an epic night of cab rides and drinks at the gate I'm glad to have all my credit cards...
he actually doesn't know it's a
Shakespeare in the Park was brilliant. Now, to finish last minute preparations and to set my alarm for a 4:30 am wake-up. Ohio, here I come!
Tonight was kraaazy
Some of my favorite one-sided conversation eavesdropping happens on the bus.
what did you have?
I was mostly messing with you guys, Crabtree seems to wield a ton of twitter power, he's like captain
I love when off days are super productive. Hello to all clean laundry and lots of catching up on some of my clients to do lists :)
awww..Thanks! :) I take that as a compliment Brent.
“Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward; they may be beaten, but they may start a winning game.” (Goethe).
At studio layin down drum tracks
If you come to Fibber tonight at want a $5 ticket, give the box office this password: "Not Cyber Monday"
I love this guy, his name is Peyton. And I love him. <21
I wish they'd made Channing Tatum's character enlist in a nudist army platoon
Last chance of being in my fan video for is tonight!
Bases loaded, nobody out!
Dude bruh, Phoenix, you are the douche-E-ist/buff-ist town i've ever experienced.
feeling really inspired after hanging out with today
It's gonna be hard but I can do it
- awesome! & joining Cut for a Cure RT : #Rays Longoria & Price joining head-shaving
well im a paranormal investigator and i have felt things and had strange feelings before when no one else has! am i sensitive?
Gone to a class all day. Can't believe the wife had to order pizza to feed the kids.
RT Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
good :) prolly more her then me but that's okay lol, what u dm her bout?
"don't think about all those things you feel...just be glad to be here..." - FC Kahuna
I'm ready to go green, where do I get a wireless solar powered laptop?
hell yeah ! (: I can't effing wait !
Wish I could meet Ellen and wish she could help me. :(
And if you haven't seen it already, highly recommend Jalen Rose on Bill Simmons' podcast.
KG for MVP!!
Laundry day for me! Not a fan of doing laundry. But I am a Fan of clean Clothes! Lol
"The whole path to success is behaving as if everything we do matters." Gloria Steinem
Just checked and my Klout score is tied with a twitter spam bot that I influence. WTF!
Oh gosh, literally just danced around to Informer by Snow...
That's right. Scholars work everywhere - it's not a job so much as a lifestyle.
RT : I appreciate the President's visit to Master Lock as it highlights our #1 industry in WI: manufacturing.
And some brownies
just took a water taxi from the Delhi airport.. and by water taxi i mean a taxi with water in it
hey bottom of the ninth. We got this.
Back in Boston. Stopped off at Saus for pommes frites and waffle therapy. Life is looking up.
make it so I'm not bored
Calling the 'Help Desk' was the 1st thing I did this AM at work. This can't bode well for the rest of the day..
Wow. Adam Lambert has an incredible voice. Listening to his new CD - Trespassing.
-- On my way to Mississippi - . -
Thanks for the feedback!
ordering was the only way to make him arrive. You did the right thing.
I 2nd that! RT : Dear Mother Nature: Please stop the rain in the west and bring us some sun for crying out loud!
depends on the setting...
The new With Life In Mind song is fucking awesome.
Once I finish recording my new CD I'll get nice prints and sell 'em. Really appreciate you two coming out tho. Good times!
Get ready to bid on unique experiences from for the Super Silent Auction!
You're going to want to watch KPDX at 8pm for #ORElection results... our FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is going to call it first.
Ruining the only Cult song I like.
Arrived in Sydney to speak at the complete leader conference tomorrow. Just seen a lady get arrested off my plane on landing. go Jetstar.
can't stop listening to 11:11 the best song ever!
if you have to make rules for twitter, the technology has become an apparatus
While I don't recommend this form of media, but if you're ticked by stupid, annoying voices, listen to people in reality shows.
So the guy on Spotify just said that RHCP is "one of the most influential bands of all time." Are they, though? Maybe showmanship, not music
you know it!
Congrats on first win!!
Thanks for checking out our website!
This spring has been an intellectual/emotional whiplash with the #WarOnWomen - we only have the right to our bodies as much as money can buy
scores 17 straight for the great comeback and ESPN buries the story. If he misses in clutch tho it leads sportscenter.
Wow, my friends are bitches (:
Ryan Lavarnway has been sent to Pawtucket. Whispers that closer Andrew Bailey may begin the season on the DL.
I've seen 3 people today whose eyelids look like foreskin.
Hey Kyle Stanley, How about giving the Golf Washington App your blessing. Coach Duttry is the one who made it.
Alright Jack White time to settle in for a first listen and finally hear what this solo album is all about
I love location-specific tweets. Once, someone (may have been ) tweeted about a chicken egg under the 101 ramp at Argyle.
Awesome segment on CNN for Moto today!
OMG, go away you creeper.
Crowdsourced unmoderated usability next on the happening now!
Fresh brewed coffee smells SO good!!
Gasol just padded his stat line by what, 4 or 5 rebounds? lol
"Got my vans on and my feet got blisters" might have to switch reeboks
Milwaukee #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of Chester Bande
Trust us. You wouldn't have made it through the opening credits with without screaming!
Why does Maddiy have to be the cutest thing in existence right now
These new cancer themed spam twitter accounts are especially depressing.
But I vowed never to watch that garbage again... Then again, that garbage (you) will be on the great Tonight Show which is great.
I'm at CNN grill now, you? I'm always moving. I got your message yesterday tho! Let's meet up! :)
Who all is dining at Haffner for their #bmcvisit today? I want to see what's on the menu/your plate!
Today is "National Record Store Day." Pick up a copy of and support a great cause!
what she said!! Happy birthday ! RT : Hey , they say it's your birthday... Happy Birthday! Celebrate well!
I sent you a family request, except it?
lol it’s all over my dashboards haha, its a holiday ya know
im coming to your birthday party :]
are the baseball guys home yet? cause nobody can get a hold of him..
It is amazing what he can do around the rim with a head of steam, wow Blake
Sorry about the mixup on the #gloverlover prize. An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD is heading your way!
Howard greed is good was not supposed to be the takeaway from Wall Street
are you ever going to visit Jacksonville Florida?!?! I live in Middleburg and I REALLY wanna meet you, so come to north FL! :)
#Idol is nuts good this year... Just sayin!
No one is quitting. Get back to work!
Last Sat. in the Ballroom Hamiltion Heights Prom, a good time had by all! In theTheatre ASO toe tapping to latin rythmns Mombo Kings!
Everyone should go get new album "under fire"!!! It's so good!!
#FunFactAboutMe My Birthday is Christmas Eve :-)
But in my dreams I'm waking up to roses, champagne, kisses and I know it's always, always gonna be, gonna be this way.
TCM is my pacifier....
We have to do something between #ComposerChats!
Hangin' with my buddy all morning long on the ! Good Monday morning!
lol, hell yeah!!
just got my copies of the starter and the all pro...sexy cant even begin to describe them. maybe Somalia midori sexy is better
RT : Hard to believe the Lakers would go out in such a classless, bush league way...
Everything is getting more expensive. Except for people, they are getting cheaper.
Thank You to everyone who came out to ISS Long Beach! We will be in Dallas for ASI February 2-3 Booth
Loving these inspirational quotes this week...keeping me going! Lots of love!!!
I need to go drain my ballz.
that girl got a big ole red mark on her arm..she lucky i slapped instead of punched though. it's terrible i know
Curious about China? Metuchen NJ FOL is hosting Philip Messina on Fri Oct 28th at 2P for a program "China, the Inscrutable" 480 Middlesex
Super 8 is a really good movie. it's now 12:25am and i am debating if i should watch the notebook
IM DEAD ASS YO TACO BELL MEAT IS CAT AND DOG MEAT BEING SENT FROM CHINA THE TESTED IT
Slow public WiFi stresses me out. I try to be reasonable about amazing magic-technology, but Google Docs gotta load now. The future is now?
LOL yeah he is the Villain but Lebron doesn't want to be a Villain
10mph on the hwy.....note to self.....take train to wisconsin
“Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.” Leon Trotsky
Cruel and ironic isn't it? lol. I feel your pain ;)
Great choice! They made it to the final four when I was there but now hoping for all the way
Our pleasure! It's a great group -- including several people not on Twitter. We're all truly excited!
1,000,000 reads! Thanks to all of you, Dear Friends!
Been procrastinating but them socks & new crew some heat. Gotta get me some illcouture...
UK with 102 wins the last 3 seasons ('10-'12), tied for the 2nd most in a 3 season span in school history.
RT : #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's sneaky,faulty,and just not trustworthy #notcoo I know a lot of niggas like that smh
Stand in wonder of the marvelous synchronicity of the Universe.
Seriously questioning how the #Badgers lost to #TCU in the Rose Bowl after watching both teams play this season
(cont.) stacks under the [#NYPL] main reading room would be moved into storage in New Jersey."
Off to Manhattan shortly. When Game 7 calls, you accept the charges.
I know how much you enjoy a celebrity RT, so I wanted you to know Ed Begley, Jr RT'd my tweet re blog post on environmental chgs
Wish you lived closer, Frank!
3 more days and I leave this cold snowy place for the weekend. Nashville you better not have a cold front moving in.
Broken hearts and shattered dreams.
drawing distinction between skills needed to create DH projects and skills needed to sustain them.
Wishing the best to our friends at as they prep for their #Buffalo150Gala this evening! Happy 150th anniversary!!
true! When I finished my PhD and moved to Boston to be faculty, one of my aunts asked, "oh r u gonna practice up there?"
Thanks for the support brother.
fun time presenting on ebooks for #lib2011 this am! thanks to those who attended... esp all those from England!
The school district needs to learn that most of us live on gravel roads, which get bad with snow. Call off school.
hey girlfraaann! Follow back (:
Follow her because I told you to.
Sleep is about to get destroyed on tonight..
Just cut open a chicken heart..
SHAKE WEIGHT! SLAP CHOP! BILLY MAYS!!
Sorry for party rocking.(SFPR)
follow me so I can follow you. Thx
Did your grandma ever make you tuna? Today? Ever?
I hate it when it's this dead at work this late t night (3am) I get super bored and start to get sleepy
I am in love with the Oakhurst community garden. In an ideal world, the vacant lot behind my house would be similar.
Smile that smile
Right cause ion get oneRT : If I take time out of my morning to text you "Goodmorning" you obviously are cared about.! :)
Hey dude how goes it
haha there better be!!
Haha... May the force be with you! RT : I'm getting on the next plane to Australia!
Absolutely, how many Japanese writers were there though? I still can't believe they follow him. :)
I just have to believe nd keep the
In 20mins! RT : Join #s4pm tonight hosted by Health Activist Topic: Doctor/Patient relationships!
Try using the OMNI-MEETING wifi.
Happy #Passover and #GoodFriday to all of you. Enjoy this holiday weekend, enjoy the families, the company. Have a great day to all.
"The is here to participate fully." - Burt Kummerow
congratulations!! Looks like it was a nice little setup there
PLEASE tell us this doesn't mean goodbye. I know you want to play & I PRAY the Packers will keep you at least 1 more year!
Love what you're doing!
it's not. Literary clubs/salons were quite popular at one point. Charging admission to them though is pretentious..
capitalism stole my virginity
JALEN!!!! Been tryin to catch up with you!!!!
"Distance makes the heart grow fonder."
Kobe = FINISHER
Yay! That's tonight!! RT Our first rough cut for is due this Tuesday!!
"I'm number one material and u soggy like cereal" ha ha u a fool for that!!
Barbara says you must research the whole family, all collateral relationships if looking at chancery records.
“: Thanks for the mention. Have you ever tried that sub with green chile? It's delicious!” not yet but I will soon!
Wow I loved the halftime show!!!:D
Woo. Go Reds
Ace of Spades from HUB in Portland is an incredible Double IPA. 9.2 ABV with 100 IBU and is smooth.
The Miami Heat are Trailin the Indy Pacers right now!
Like to thanks all my followers I will try my best to help you as possible
yum! what kind?
Okay, mailbox crisis averted. New desk and TV stand assembled. More packing and moving on calendar for tomorrow.
Marvelous books to put under the Christmas tree! www.facebook.com/bookguilddc
Hope you’re munching on a bar right now! :) RT: These Sunbelt granola bars tho >>>>>>>>>>>
Time To Get Up my ass. I'm going back to sleep! I hate school!
THX BABE!x“: Nicki Minaj - Right by my side”
so what lil big head
list me follow me the re tweet this yeah
Which woman predated Rosa Parks' refusal to "get up" 150 years prior? americanlegacymag.com will reveal the answer later today!
nope u wouldn't go to Stl with me :(
Thank you haha that video was the first one i did check out the other ones they have gotten much much better lol :]
It's about to go down @ Souplantaion!!! Did the bus boy really just elbow me in the back of the head! YOU WANNA GO NITE NITE????
Congratulations to Hakim Bellamy, Albuquerque's first Poet Laureate! Congratulations to Burque!
Look at that score, Jayanti! 10 million. Would have kept going but a power killed me.
Now I'm getting msgs from asking me to confirm I know someone. Without option to say no. Doesn't display in Inbox.
Insight like this is why I follow you, Maggie.
2 Broke Girls
Ill dm you than(:
www.3apparel.com NEW DESIGNS!
May I suggest using in season peaches in place of apples for Warm Apple Apricot Cake recipe. Major crowd pleaser! Enjoy!
Holiday Calendar orders are coming.Global Elements can create a Family Calender w/ a custom design and prints for only $250.00 720-542-6105
Damn Dallas don't forget to call the nursing home when OKC is done with the Mavs.
Okay! No biggie, let us know! :-)
What's not to love?!??
2$ Mimosas are easier to get addicted to than heroin wrapped in crystal-meth.
And shaky.
Sorry honey bunch! I was pissed at the time!
it is divine!
"fail whale" makes me nervous to ask how today went...
if u don't mind used try Craigslist. Good bikes cheaper there.
Today Ice Palace was fun!!!! ate churros had hot coco and cheese pizza and skating was fun too i never fall but alot of my friends did lolz
responds: "obviously making challah in a bread machine is like selling your chametz to a robot, so it's ok?"
Def something to try! There's usually deals for 1st time students who want to test it!
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
#Bachelor sucks
Some of the best and brightest teams gathered at to solve #childobesity in America.
Lazy twitter: What's that internet forum quote that's something like "what ever did have a thing so even as to happen"?
Random S\o to shes amazing in every way I love her so much like no lie glad to have such An amazing friend in my life
let it fly.. Believe me.. You can offend me any more than I have been in the past 17 hours...
PickUpLine: Something tells me you're sweet. Can I have a sample?
Good point. Also sad how everyone seems to have forgotten how bad the spill was.
Hello again. David Bell, Houston, Training & Development, increasing my vocabulary with new acronyms
I LOVE U
Getting ready for our big grand opening in Rosedale in the amazing community of Azusa! See you Sat. June 4th at 9:30 am!
Put out fires all morning, impromptu production meeting for SciFi flick this afternoon. Welcome to my life.
Would love to be there for the grand opening. It will be wonderful to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
Don't settle with the person you can stand. Get together with your enemy and make things interesting;D
Girls! If you post pictures of yourself without a shirt on, creepy guys are probably saving them somewhere, and you're dumb for posting <3
Do you have your Mega Millions tickets? You could buy as many Mercedes as you want with $600 Million!
wake up please :)
Delaware kills the penalty. 3:20 left in the first
that Budweiser! Lol lets go out tonight bro like old times
RT : Ima give yall a little advance notice... killed this verse...tune in to 98.5 the beat now! RT This!
Dont have time for regrets
nobody followed me :(
Congratulations Kim. Enjoy this Championship.
Cuz many are fake RT : All these pretty ass girls that look good ain't always a good look...
Will keep a look out for disc brakes on a bike. Where did it disappear from?
Derrick Rose is overrated.
5th to watch the video... I feel proud
ooh new project for myself when I get back home, make some rainbow cut off shorts
I am with u
I used to beg my mom to buy me some tadpoles to play with in the pond section of Corso's Flower and Garden Center. They amazed me.
Shit just got real on #TheSecretCircle there has to be a season 2 to me it's the best show on TV so come on and help #SaveTheCircle!!! :)
GIGO = Garbage In Garbage Out. On the mic, if you spit fire you get fire. Otherwise...
what do the seattle seahawks do at #12??? trade down 4 extra picks. bet the rent money on it.
Thanks so much for having me on to talk about #redefinepowe. Speak again v.soon!
I'm tired #goodnighttwitter :)
FYI: Add a FREE shot of espresso to any drink, through Sunday! And get some iced coffee, that stuff's amazing...
Never take sides in conflicts you know nothing about.
did vocal scratch tracks at jeff's for 10 hrs yesterday
Restore or not restore? That is the question...
watching nationwide qualifying
There is a sketch of #ChristianBale grinning sweetly as part of the 2011 High School Art Exhibition in the Cannon tunnel. WHAT
haha...too early in the morning for a fist fight?
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to post war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
what is hall of fame worthy these days explain. There are guys who should be in there but are not.
Chugiak HS office worker Brenda Burge accused of stealing $75K from students and school
that's not til December 2012. As if it matters.
let's be honest the shit was gonna be wack and fixed anyway Dudes a joke I know I'm not paying to watch that shit I'm freeloading
If reggae is in your blood RT
I'm so late but thank you stace for all of your encouragement. Keep up the great work. I see you!!
We have some new color Samoas in for the kids and Jordans for the men!!!!!!! come grab a pair or two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitely true, but "Losing My Edge" was his breakthrough. It's a great take-down of a certain kind of long-time scene snob.
RT :"Thanks Wellesley! But yes I'm still a smart guy, don't worry! ;)" WHEW! Good thing, Uncle Luke! Hope you are feeling A-OK!
didn't think I would make it
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see whole staircase, just take the first step. -Dr. Martin Luther King
I b smashin threw dese back streets,
He's Black???
Had a great couple of days tracking Dredg for their upcoming album.
request(love) for skip line list tonight at sxsw.
RT : Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil. / come to the darkside, we have books
lol! With your "I'm dainty" leg up? Stop it! He's not even checking for you, boo!
Yes, my wife packs several days in advance for an overnight trip!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Thanks Holly!
Heat fans excited about derrick rose's injury prove they are terrible fans
Thank you sir! I agree :)
One more.
Atlanta educated costume designer Janie Bryant collabs with Banana Republic on "Mad Men" collection for men and women. In stores August 11.
Waiting, with much anticipation, for new Sophie2.0 release...supposed to happen sometime today.
Science journalists may not find press releases very useful. But they should definitely read the f'ing paper.
thanks! Just booked hotel / plane today. Pretty excited!
How many trouveres can you name? Can you quote a line of their work?
."This is our Entrepreneur hour, our InnovateMaryland hour, our InvestMaryland hour" <--indeed #startups make MD great
Thanks for a wonderful week! Stay tuned for information about our podcasts, and news about fundraisers this year!
Karaoke at Sardo's tonight! Who's in?!
#hllc2010 great conference
Finishing packing for Salt Lake for the weekend...
Composers, librettists, red bull OH MY! Everyone is hard at work here, loading up on caffeine to make it through the night...videos to come!
Do you like our Halloween decorations? The hand petting boo kitty is a patron favorite!
umm...I'll see if can go
Have a good night bruh!
Following us on twitter, be sure to like us on
Down to my last harvest ale. :(
"I wake up early in the morning round the crack of dawn and wave to my neighbors like what's up." #GreatMorning to you
but I can easily snooze
& now we battle for the dark choco in the fridge. Ha.
unfortunately yes..
Thanks for sharing...
Ethiopia Uganda Kenya
Love choc. milk? Studies have shown ppl who drink it after workout recover better & lose more body fat than ppl who have a sports drink.
Did you ever find car insurance? If not, we can help.
depends on the situation
I know! I needed that card this morning for my fellow commuters but it's kind of had to deliver a card in traffic :)
Love waking up in his arms..
Dude i had trouble with that track on hulkshare, but datpiff downloaded it fine!
I think that's the hardest part about writing. If you're willing to cut your own words, you're well ahead of the game.
BRU Member and Molina get in a spat in Spanish over bus routes in Molina's district. The Supe laughs, "they haven't elected me queen yet."
Brutal. Why wasn't Chuck on the field for intros but 3rd assistant video guy was?
RT : For the first time in 9 years, the Patriots have traded up. Looks like Chandler Jones, OLB out of Syracuse
Foreign Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm. Practice German, Spanish & French!
count my $$$ && party with betchesss
BYE. WERE GONNA TRY TO OUTRUN THE TORNADO. FUCK. EUDJRF7IE8 BYE
Judge almost completed all of her reasons for the decision without acknowledging that thwre is any homelessness involved.
I am excited to try these products! Cleaners + chemicals = unhappy mommy.
Why not BACK TO THE FUTURE?
Save me a jean day ticket tomorrow, i change my mind! Lol
this is good, sir!
In Ojibwe - no word for “work” - closest - anokii - whether you are fishing or weaving - what you are doing is living -Winona Laduke
ok. Just got on green belt metro.
Earth Day 2010 bringing SoCal SUN to Washington!
Now Hiring!!!!!!!!!! I need some graphic work done,couple album covers posters and a dvd cover...#must have pay pal..
REAL TIME INSIGHTS. *Boom*
lots to do before camp tomorrow
i mean its alright its better that i met you now! the campas is sick !
Please remember to ask him again in six games. lol RT. Mark Sanchez says he's 'thrilled to work with' Tim Tebow - NFL News
THANK YOU MIKE! You are awesome and your commitment to the community rocks. Love seeing you at so many events.
HEY EVERYBODY!! Yes, another merry Monday. Hope everyone out there has a great week. TTYS.
i give up </3
I love traveling for vacation and see the world!!!!!!!!!
"My favorite past time is yelling at children when they pass by my window. I just scream and scare the shit out of them."
the way those 2 bodyguards walked away flipping their coins in sync to each other and the music was very cool
belle was here , i love you .!
Pls, add me n follow me too?
hahah its my wish!!(:
I haven't felt this strong a desire to climb a tree and throttle something since I was 10, and was up one calling me a sissy.
Turtle shell parts are common in the Jurassic & later, but not before. "Most commonly found fossils? Ans: Turtle shells."
Please RT replies!!
The most accurate top-level tag for a Nuge story is "Wildlife," right?
let me send my three year old over...it'll be done in minutes. or the computer will be fried. one or the other. :)
We threw a Harry Potter birthday party for the 7 year old on Saturday. If anyone needs ideas for a upcoming party we have lots to share...
i wish i was the one who came up with the criteria for this award.
My mama told me to hand her the remote and turn off the lamp.........Remote-6in. away.! Lamp-2 feet away.! #SheLazy.!
Wow I totally hate periods! It feels like you're peeing every second!
I'm #morningblend-ing in just a couple hours with a cute therapy dog. Tune in to see me upstaged!
WE3 HAVE TRUNK FIT IN MEN AND BOYS COME AND GET IT!!!!
So check this out: XFINITY gives u access 2 the latest episodes of your fav NBC shows…like SMASH! XFINITY On Demand has the hookup!
so how are you?
Getting breakfast with the most important man in my life, my Grandpa.
I've been trying to get my toes warm all day long.
Thanks for the RT, too!
Thanks for including. :)
People and their twitter personalites haha
hi Asa, use an iPhone 4 with the Nike+GPS; no sensor needed- you can even run barefoot on the beach :)
Can't Wait <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> till Monday
At times Joseph Conrad admires Africans. Except, in the way you'd admire a tiger. Which is to say, something inhuman. What a big ol' racist.
Dude's got wheels ! RT : runs faster than a thrown baseball. Fact.
Someone found the band reference in presentation tonight "what on earth is that name on your myspace example"
Hi! Happy Weekend. And yeah, the dog pooped outside, MOL!!! xoxoxo
I bet by week 7. Romo will be benched for Orton ...
I don't know what to do anymore.
No ruffles either....How are you this Fine Monday Morning?
im soo tired:(
Safe travels, my friend!
hey thanks for the follow!
thanks for the #FF love!
Exactly. And note he totally throws Darling and Hopper under the bus too, saying they're vulnerable.
The only time Rihanna left my house late was when I called her and said "Rihanna, come over and leave so I can tweet about it. Thanks yo"
go Jeff Go
Hey I've never met you, but here I am (creepin'), so follow me maybe? :P
Its too hot outside
Just got a fortune cookie that read "You will come into a fortune". Immediate thought: No shit, I'm HOLDING you, fortune.
“Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago
Thank goodness. Hugs to you and Henry
Sunset to my left, thunderstorm to my right.
all races have been affected just the same. Race should have nothing to do with it. We need to unite and stop pointing fingers.
Zoolander shouldn't have made the Top 100 list...funny idea, but not a tight movie.
hahha okejjj i have to go now bye :p <U+2665>
really? Why didn't you call me. I just got home lol
Can't wait for tomorrow's #undercoverconcert and an ice cold beer with and
Help me get followers
Allstar weekend live chat in 40 minutes!!!
All I want to do is go wakeboarding!
haha o David. Glad you refrained!
Okay Africology, you are all that stands between me and summer. So don't take this personally, but I hate you passionately.
MOVEius Dance is planning an exciting year 2012.This week we were accepted to Capital FRINGE Festival!
Listening to audiobook of 's "Beautiful Struggle." Riveting, captivating. Reminds me, in some odd way, of growing up homeschooled.
Romney never answers a direct question.
I am so jealous right now...cupcake heaven!
“: I guess Juan Pablo-Montoya has picked up Kingsford or Weber as a sponsor. #NASCAR”. Awesome call!
I'm excited for you!
yeah you should do that :)
cigar smoke
Going to bed. Night y'all :] sleep well and be happy.
pfft. The ipad dock is for wimps. Why not just learn how to type effectively on screen?
who cares what people think?
thanks bro! Big ups on the shout out!
Folger's Jim Kuhn asks if OAIS isn't an impossibly difficult conceptual model , "an impediment to getting required work done" ?
It's been a nice weekends. You guys are the best! :)
what is that? Velvet?
what is your least favorite park to play in?
Newsweek calls President Obama nation's 'first gay president" what do you think? tweet us and look for your tweet live on tv at 10:00
no bueno. Go eat something, where you at?
Thanks for the follow! Wishing you so many blessings!
thanks! i'll message you a link and password & you can do just that.
Tonight's the night! TACT turns Scholastic in Soho into L'Hotel Ritz for the US Premiere of Noël Coward's #SEMIMONDE benefit reading.
that sounds like fun XD
no swag n u lame as hell bitch get yo life together yo fuck ass
Alright, I think I've officially responded to every email from the past month. Whew!
- " Wanna Control Em All i Caint Even Control Me ."
I'm modeling material.
the key six characters sitting around a table at a smashed up fast food joint munching down on doner kebabs
how did new orleans treat you last week? So ticked I missed the show.
Having to explain to the sweet doctor what #teabagging is.
sounds like fun...LOL...
of course they do. They're teenagers.
Why this hoe be Stalkin,I didn't answer my phone yet y this hoe keep Callin!l
Must have watched it about 10 times over the weekend. Everybody form a line!
So many things wrong with that sign. Like QUIET TIME in caps.
so why do I feel let down
"glad I could put a smiley sticker on your board today"
I am beyond excited to see the 60+ degree weather forecast for the week!
Aaaahahaha good one ": my recipes are exclusive"
See you in NYC #Caps. Make a miracle happen in round 2?
um, are you gluten free forever now? or just temp!?
kinda meh so far. Watching it at home.
Everyone got their hair cut.
can't wait, it will be a blast!
The facts behind local measles case...KOIN NEWS@ 5
hahahaha one day if im bored ill make a whole song and singi it and put it on youtube aaha
Packed in 2 hours! That's a record! Of course I realized I have to run to the store for a few things..
Mid-morning snack: Lowfat blueberry yogurt and a handful of unsalted almonds... m...
Ditto. RT : why is it so hard to find/buy music from another country?
three more classes to go...i don't be feeling thursdays at all..UGH!!!
is amazing :)
Hey, thanks! Happy #FF to you and your followers--glad you enjoyed the blog post.
Tweet #ThirstyThursdays and receive FREE BEER tonight!
#greys Feeny was also on st. Elsewhere; played a doctor
hey would you please follow back?:)
I know what you mean. You never know what's a stepping stone and what's the final project until enough time passes.
apparently, i see how y'all talk about me! what GREAT friends you guys are!
Of course! But if you could take a second who would it be. Wild thing because you'd be #winning?
you go girls. Love the show!!! Such an inspiration for us achieve our dreams!!!
“: Yeah im adding 2k to my christmas list now”yes
SMH at these grown ass niggas in little trival crews thinking they famous!
5:30 ... Now available in new "AM" flavor
So proud to be a
Lining up for LOTS more #Blackhawks shirts this year. About to hear Jim C sing anthem!!!
Hey Ladies. is the newest and hottest Twitter account for everything Lady Like. She speaks the truth! :)
if i could gift wrap the globe, i'd give you the world
I just wanna make bitches dance.
Most instagram users are already on FB. So they are looking for control I guess
brogan!!! Please follow! I love you soo much! Your songs are so relatable to me. you definitely have talent.
ima tell him i want a divorce! Hahha
Phones down at prison yesterday so they couldn't call their families on Christmas.
RT What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness & grace? -Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
Y'all* RT : FUCK YOU ALL.
yeah! its like one of my #neverwillcometrue wishes lol
We wish! At a benefit. Soon we shall convene the nerding, Sir.
lol i know.. I haven't been to church in weeks.
's reaction to 's announcement: "This is truly a historic day for justice & equality in America."
I wish it July 4th already
lol okay but I don't drive in the city I always take the El haha
Went to the dog park and now the girls are pooped
In my mind I'll be appearing at a much cooler place than the one I'm performing in this evening.
Van hise needs air conditioning or ventilation or something... STAT
saw it on a bus
Oh Jericoat, make sweet love to me! :)
I put my framed signed jersey on ebay. Got $789 for it. And its all going to the March of Dimes.
I'm confused I'm hearing from a guy who went to fight who said it shoulda been a draw or cotta win, said cotto backed him up most of fight
Looking for an IT writer. You can contact me at: .
2 more weeks til I perform at
Power on the cheap is always good and let's face it, Dunn can't possibly do any worse. If wrong
My presets fucked up. And I forgot how good Faction is.
Starving. Pizza or wrap ?
chuck norris vs dos equis guy
The Irish ignore anything they can't drink or punch.
#ItsSadThat you put so much effort into tweeting your life story
Taft blowing out Carson 43-25 at half
lets hope :] you've probably watched the korea performances?
well I can vouch for one group of girls who always want two dinners
people who post the most on Facebook are insecure!
Great reh. w/Jenn..this friday we're #thenationalunderground, tunes written by yours truly. NO COVER! on percussion. 10-11PM
Today is a day I miss unemployment... Would really like to do nothing today.
Yes. India offers evidence of power of this idea RT : I anticipate the emergence of the "low profit" sector in America.
So god!
You missed the SDYR hospitality suite. Possibly one of the best CRP parties ever.
I'm worried about tomorrow's Indiana - VCU game...
LinkedIn really nailed it with the new "people you may know" page. Used to be an enormous clusterfeature.
Canada tho really ?
Yes! RT : Just hung with which was awesome and made me t'ink: reunion.
Update on Craziness (well, work craziness) Given trhe chance of a train wreck we punted the live coverage to another crew:only 2 hours today
I followed
A mother of four was ordered by a Minneapolis federal jury Wednesday evening to pay $1.5 million for sharing 24 digital songs.
Get well soon Garrison Keillor!
yeah, in the city would be awesome. I get everywhere via public transport & walking (going to be difficult if this pain keeps up!)
I'm glad you were able to come and check it out. Please make sure to keep company next Sunday for me!
The feeling you have toward me isn't hate... It's called ENVY
Oh no!!!! Your time is still amazing. I also PR'd but a lil slower than you ;)...baby steps!!! Hope you enjoyed the run tho!
Hahaha !! True, but I'll at least give them a chance
Naw. You good
Thanks in advance for putting up with my hourly Star Wars Day shirt promoting. Playa gotta make dat money, yo.
That moment when your boss makes a stargate reference unknowingly. It's a good day.
. Vacation by looking at cool projects others are doing, talking with new folks, looking at other fields, etc.
Ben -thx for adding me to the list /astd2012; I look forward to seeing everyone's tweets about #learning &
So glad today is my easy day . #tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Happy Mother's Day!
I have so many #videos to edit....
RT : since u say we shouldnt be using grease in 2012, what should a nga be using then? <<<oils. Shine mist anything
Anything that has seeds is considered a fruit and the plant also produces flowers.
Hey there. Black Mamba is a great Dark roast coffee.Dave sent it in to Coffee Review for scoring and he got a 91.It's Awesome
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?! <33
It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world. -- St. Aloysius Gonzaga
Beautiful day in Detroit
I read the new one was pretty true to the original story. First movie changed the ending. Very good movie.
NPR Morning Edition working on segment on Rush Limbaugh/Andy Revkin (NYT) flap. Likely will air Thursday.
hell yeah! can't wait to hear it!
Check out new Track that's not hip hop Lyrical Trilogy
teaching speaking skills
Anyone have any good sites to get song stems for remixing?
Just won the Freshman Frenzy, no big deal ;)
Of his flaws: "I sound quite self righteous at times and I don’t like admitting it when I’m wrong, although I usually do."
everything about this is amazing. LOVE thomasville.
just crazy. City's version of United's win over Bayern in 1999.
Cheers to another great day in PDX!
At Yankee Stadium to watch the Brewers get a win.
“: "WHO WANTS TO TOUCH MY COCK?" Grandma please! Put the chicken down!” lmao!!
hahah alright let's go back right now!! We can borrow an airplane and I'll drive!
Hysterical screaming and crying fit for audition cold-read. And it felt fantastic!
take yo nasty ass to bed
She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "I'll always be here for you" left. :/
Its an aday i hav a feelin its gonna be an ok day
Thank you darling! It was way better after I saw this. :P
In the relentess demands of obscurity, character is built. -Chuck Swindoll
The all-in-one-in-the-know actor's app. Available on the App Store for 9.99 or try Actsophia Lite for free! 30+ features for your career!
How many times are we going to hear "this once proud franchise" from the national media over the all star break?
thank you for sharing as well !
Friends, please check out our new Webisode name 'DLife The Series" starring Drew Waters and Timothy Doty. Subscribe on YouTube and go viral!
No doubt!
Most Awesome Customer award today goes to 9-year-old Sequoia, who scarfed a Huevo Mutilation like it was no big deal.
it was great connecting with you guys yesterday! Looking forward to this months activities!
Bout to blast off to SFO. Sitting in the exit row. Let it be known if the plane goes down I'm not helping anybody do shit.
that sucks :( but eh Friday... I guess that works.
Can't believe I'm drinking again tonight...but half off amazing tails here is so worth it.
is it really March already?!?! Here's to a new beginning, and believe me I really need one!
and performing at #flolounge tonight!!!!
RT: : Cab drivers have more consanants in their name then vowels.
I'm pretty sure we did...
Hi Janice! great to meet you at DBC on sunday!
No I have ass in my face now
your dad sounds badass
Informal does not mean casual, unstudied, or undisciplined - Dean Feuer
GR8 name! I did gt a few nugs, even tho I was late. I wish I had more time & could gt 2 events earlier!
It means a woman spoiled the party.
bye bye crook
There's something about driving down the road with a good song playing in your ears.
I got you bro
Manning should have picked the Titans. That way everyone wins
There Will Be Food
What I didn't mean was steal one! New chair missing from Commons :( RT : Looking for a cushy seat? Try Allen Library
morning from Chicago, had beautiful 80 degrees yesterday, today it will be in the 60's. Oh well, as long as it's above 50 we're good 2 go!
I love winning in court. It's very primal.
Can't sleep :(
Hat: check, sun screen: check, cold beverage: check, sun: check. Life is good!
New work by Brett Reif, who teaches at KCAI, will be on view March 2-31 at the KC Artists Coalition, 201 Wyandotte St.
#emotional episode #but perf
Hate when I&#39;m sick but don&#39;t have time to go to the doctor. Wish it would start raining antibiotics. Too busy taking care of others.
Listening to before i walk out da door
Hey #Pippa Middleton, please don't ruin the charm for us, you're much too cute for that xo
ooh me me me!
old school, eh?
": #IWishTheyWouldBringBack #Real #HIPHOP to the radio and television!"
Anyone catch the Premier League games this morning? Anything exciting happen?!?
RT :talked w/Stanford WR Chris Owusu-likens his game to Pierre Garcon and Mike Wallace.Very bright kid that knows the game well
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't like Degrassi
We had our first official interview to day with - Jed Carlson - Great stuff to come
Fitness Devices You Can Take With You While Travelling
it was so good to see you for a bit! Drinks this wknd?
The fire alarm should go off more so I can waste another hour of work
There's nothing cool about sitting around all day.
Thanks to for fighting through sickness and to all of for a great show in Detroit. It'll be memorable for me.
Thanks for the mention!
1953- #RockyMarciano defeated Jersey Joe Walcott for the Heavyweight Championship.
On my run this morning it seemed as tho everyone had rubbed on BenGay b4 they ran. Thought I was running thru an altoid factory.
if we do i can't make it. i have my last game for shaler.
yep we need to keep tabs on ya!
Just cause you have cool jerseys does't mean your good... I promise!!
Let the police work with the schools on this. Do not take the search completely away. We must keep schools safe...
Great meal at Bluegrass Tavern tonight. Hands Down best charcuterie plate in town. Thank you #bluegrasstavern. Sable fish was perfect.
He did good! RT : So everyone, what are your thoughts on #HowardStern 's first night as a judge? I was surprisingly pleased.
The Wilco and Arcade Fire sure, but the REO Speedwagon was all
It Means "Follow Friday" (: It's A Compliment<3 xx
Home Sweet Home!!
I have 2 agree. iPhone is way 2 go. It does almost everything well. Told hubby-in a fire I'll get kids then iPhone then you :)
What a brutal year for injuries in Fantasy baseball! How are y'alls teams holding up?
I guess just being in school made it bad.
Yay for Saturday! What's on your To Do list this weekend?
Toshiba&#39;s 13-inch Excite: does the world need a tablet this large?
Some people love to lie.
Wait a month on the REAL work talk RT : Great to see so many young people graduating this year! Now the REAL hard work begins!
story of my life.
Lord you are still Worthy!!!
so happy no school tomorow yea
Lol, giirl this is my movie!
I'm wearing black skirt with tights And I need to find a top
i think the sunglass idea has legs… just not mine ;-)
THE SEX BOMB GOES OFF. MORE LIKE THE STINK BOMB FROM MY PITTS.
Okay are we talking new BMTH or old BMTH? New BMTH < ADTR period however, old BMTH > most ADTR
I believe it. hee hee THANKS Paul, you're too cool for school!
#iReallyHateWhenPeople complain without seeking or creating a solution to the problem-Complaining for the sake of complaining is meaningless
My lil bit of hair dry af right now...
Good Times on.
*reasons I'm glad my twin doesn't speak like that lol
now following
lol..aye leave me out of this. Lbs
Merry Christmas!! Never knew my family was so talented at Rock Band
this world can seem cold and grey. but you and I are here today.. and we won't fade into darkness! nothing to fear but fear itself
I hate when I put up a funny status and one of my cousins take it serious.
Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club.
it has!!
Am I signed up? Sign me up!
i got the 11 18 88 in various nascar pools not opposed to winning some money
#20ThingsAboutMe & I'm scared of clowns
Haha, yes! I can totally understand that
it should have been the Hanging Vine Pinot Noir. It was very good - especially because we ate everything under the sun. :D
PS: , very much looking forward to your gathering in Portland on April 11th!
It's hard to get mad at Metta World Peace. He's literally crazy, people, he doesn't realize what he does.
#oomf is still my baby. Idc idc. I adore her. Having feelings for her or not. I'll still always be there for her.
thanks! We aim to please. Glad you gave us the chance! Can't wait to see your video.
aha it's okay&i don't think you know him:b He goes to Putnam (:
Leaving the US Open. Enjoy your Labor Day!
I've officially seen too many mullets in Santiago for it to be the poor choice of a few...
they r still old... doesn't say much about the Knicks
Got my food FINALLY!
“: One word texts.”word
&#39;L.A. Complex&#39; Star Opens Pandora&#39;s Box
It totally is. Especially when there's cake in the break room. MY FAVORITE IS WHEN THERE IS CAKE IN THE BREAK ROOM.
Enjoy! RT : Then I'm so reading 's upcoming one from
My friend referred me to an old saying "Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper." Metabolism!
what's up girl? would really love to chat! r u around next week when i'm back in LA?
I dug parts. But it IS long and tedious.
#Patriots: Matt Light Retires after 11 Years
#Lunch specials this week through Friday: Dry Aged Strip Sandwich, Chicken Flautas and Lamb Burger --
COME SEE US!
remember when you said you'd follow me
Got a free 7-day Sirius trial JUST so I could listen to the concert on !
Today's Twitter Life lecture is done...or is it ever?
ha, no. draft position.
Glad to be home....missed y'all too! :)
it was good shit.
Happy to do it. Nice to meet you.
what's that plate...$5.99?
If u not rocking with Chicago Sports suck a dick
Gudda stoppin threw check my latest mixtape out on datpiff Slay an leave a comment or download it wat ever
Boo to websites that have no way to turn off their auto music.
Dirk!!! Thanks for sharing Embrey :)
LIFE IS LIKE TOILET PAPER - YOUR EITHER ON A ROLL OR YOUR TAKING SHIT FROM SOME ASS HOLE" :)
You 16 and pregnant
Transvaginal mesh injury victims, please visit www.meshinjury.com for helpful information and resources.
Sperm viability greatly reduced in offspring of animals treated with common antibiotic tetracycline
If you want Love you have to give Love, so today's Text You - "Practice loving thoughts to those around you"
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
check ur dm. Just sent Destiny's number...
in the words of Meenakshi Thirukode... art fairs again......... sigh!
Stand against the devil, and the devil will run from you - James 4:7
my account was hacked...apologies for any and all hostile messages!!
"Its against the law to drink coffee on the metro" -old lady "Its against the law to talk to an angry white girl b4 her coffee is done"- me
Had an awesome time opening for tonight! Thanks for having me! :)
Mayor: if there's a group of folks who want to sit down with the police and have a dialogue, they are open to it.
LOL Cornette wasn't allowed to cross into Canada again?
An odd front in the war on, or about, women. The one who thinks Quindlen, etc. messed up Helen Gurley Brown: strange.
Caught whatever's been going around the office. No, not pregnancy- the other thing.
yeah!! I will!!
Hair bounce is everything! Cutting ur hair in layers creates volume. When applying extensions buy them 4 inches apart from the next length
When do you head back to Vancity?
I was shocked you twittered me, but then again I read that your twitter got hacked. Hope all is well!
It's crazy to believe nearly all of us were brought up to worship Lincoln by our public schools.
Always a pleasure to follow other artists!
I'm kind of over Twitter. Someone make it interesting.
Dude, I need to learn how to save money...
I am going to start my own SKC blog. Any name suggestions?
not if I can help it :)
Buenos Dias ;) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3
yes it does!! I know exactly what you are saying
Writing about how Apple controlled the crowds at Grand Central today. Really shows an incredible degree of thinking.
Thank goodness you dont have too. : )
it would be nice ^_^
Why such hatred? MT “: "Marco Rubio is a case in point for why most other Latinos dislike Cuban Americans."
Did he just call me UGLY ?!!
“: A VERY SAD AND DISTURBING STORY: Boy: make me a sandwich Girl: No!! RT if you cried” bAhahah I cried!!!
Who wanna dance on my Disco Stick ??
Finish this sentence: I will... then join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
When a defining moment comes along, you define the moment or the moment defines you. - Kevin Costner
Changed my icon o me :)
just read your article "Leadership: A Key to Teacher Success." Kudos!
All this news about Jerry Sandusky is gonna have people thinking Penn State is a Catholic school.
WHAT F U TALKIN BOUT I AM SO PEACEFUL
That would work wonders for all the kids I work with!
that one girl... named Amia.
I hope my son has a good day at school! Track & Field followed by a waterslide. Hell I wanna join!
I love the guy in the background.
CRASH: 99E @ Anderson in Aurora
Thank you ! And a huge congrats Look forward to seeing you in May! :-)
The deepest courage we can exercise is continuing to believe in our dreams until we make them true!!
Stop, you had me at boozy Just cuz I'm a married boozy broad w/kids & a shitload of baggage doesn't mean we can't go 4 cocktails
climbing tomorrow? #OnRock?
": "Harry's in LA" "LA = Louis' Arsehole" HAHAHAHAHAHA OMG THIS FANDOM"
haha - the hell you did.
starting up an account to share marketing/ social media news and trends.
Tell me about it! RT I hear 's driver sends her flowers. WTF? I don't get flowers.
Have one slot left for a homecoming updo and/or makeup for this Saturday, 10/24. Plz call for appt. www.hairinthecity.me
he schools them that's what he does lol he's always on his A game lol
ready to take odds on which draft pick pulls their shorts down at the Nelson Art Gallery...
#twitterparty I know you will never see this or respond but I love you! You are an amazing singer with amazing talent!
Neurorecovery means enhancing all systems. Be gentle with your self and your skin this week. Cetaphil, Cerave' and Oil of Olay! MY DR said
its about time betch!!!! I missed you tons!!! I knew you'd come back to me!!
Perhaps I can help?
talking about spatial relations
doing great! Dancing and spending time with the little man!
I want a rainbow cupcake! that shit looks trippy!
Having a strong recruitment brand means you never have to advertise job openings.
aaw me too ><
Grateful to the sitter as she feeds the dudes while I work & my mom preps for a procedure tomorrow.
Your bro about to order some pantrys though!
Test just came back...sadly I don't have #tigerblood...doctor said its
Great to see #JAXAMA incoming/outgoing boards this weekend! Thx for braving the weather.
Want a free $20 gift certificate to ? Stop in to the ICC and get one. I have 2.
": lol where have you been!? Your not getting back in cp D; ?" He got kicked out?
you play this game the best
oh on the picture in my best Eva
Bout to go round da block an hoop
I will see you TONIGHT! 7 p.m.! Come learn, explore and get efficient! Public session on home energy improvements with ME!
who are you?
I get it. You meant the tiger cubs.
it started with a hug, then elevated to love
#NP Sexy To Me by <3 hurry up and release Jumping Trains!
Well it's insular, isn't it? It's a closed community that often isn't too concerned with what the "public" is interested in.
I wanna do yoga with you!
I'm really looking fwd to this great event! It's something to look fwd to after my grandfather's passing yesterday morning!
Tell your friends to tell their friends to tell their friends about me.
hey MAY I ASK YOU A QUESTION
Off to work. Won't be back until 10. Have a good evening!
Oh yes!
Come out to ReliantPark and join us! Meet tons of Home Resource companies!!This weekend Only!!!
Lord love a good busker. <3
The language of the Arbus image at 5pm with readings by Doon Arbus, Michael Cunningham, and Francine Prose
sad, deprecated state of Reader in google's infernal toolbar. evidently not as crucial as google WALLET or google OFFERS
RECRUITING like its my first day on a new job today... SHOCKER NATION deserves it!!!
sick days are the worst.
yeah, thats understandable. I have Uverse and Netflix and theres never any new movies to watch, so I ruin out of movies. Hah
Don't hate what you can't imitate
#3 chasing the light on Hwy 98 across the Florida Panhandle
I hate working on proposals. Glad to have three to work on though.
what is more surprising is that he is still an active pitcher ;)
Is it sad how much I'm looking forward to the new commercial?
i miss you too! ill be in avobn later!!!!
that's awesome, glad you got to hear it! thanks!
i love harry potter.. same
Off to shoot the next video. Look for it online later tonight.
baby that ass makes think of biscuits and gravy
RT : Join us at Bradley Center 2DAY for Danceworks Mad Hot Ballroom and Tap Competition. FREE family friendly event!
ISMID in Istanbul says: "your presentations were the highlight of the Symposium, everyone was very impressed by whatyou and your group do"
She say she love me but she didn't give me none of the income tax Wut part of the game is that?
If Manning has lost throwing strength wouldn't going to SF be iffy? He'd be outdoors now on a windy field.
diggin the flow and love for #toronto, hit me up if you want to collab, got a mixtape dropping late june, GET ON IT!
RT : USGS raises magnitude of Mexico quake to 7.9. Buildings reported shaking in Mexico City
Custom Basket of the Week: Here's something for the tea lover in your life.
Brrr! It's cold today :(
yeah! Lol atleast I'll have a guy to hang with now too!:)
baking oatmeal cookies!
at the beach with my fam the interview went great XD
I forgot why I'm naked right now
#NP Falling Asleep on a Stranger by Pierce the Veil.
Off to for the 4 Bitten Media launch with and team! Then a rooftop opening that cannot be missed!
no worries, actually from right outside Winston Salem so followed you at Wake..GL this week, bring it back to NC!
"Wade through a pitch-black sea of balloons that respond to your movements with ethereal glows of light." Why yes, I think I will.
Tried to get a pic of the gay twink kid pumping gas next to me. Let's put it this way. There's a fine line between meth chic and aids skinny
Almost at 200
awesome Thanku for the comment...we look forward to it...
Now on to audition 3 with Eric Gillette!
Now the #Vacation begins!!!!
Who's ready for Christmas?! IM NOT :(
why the hell wouldn't you
I regret failing 8th grade and not doin shit in highschool cause id be graduating in a couple days I would have to go get my ged..
That is what we love to hear, Marissa! Tweet us if you need anything. RT : thank you! It's been great so far!!
Are you having a gathering this Fall? We'll provide the perfect catering for you! Delicious Food, Great Service & Unbeatable Prices!!! http
A secondary ball handler, and a solid jumpshot. Caron is struggling with that broken hand.
Flamencos in Seattle - Luis de la Tota is headed your way today - We envy you...
can't go back to sleep, 5 a.m jog perhaps?
Old age comes at a bad time.
That is really fast. You go girl!
go to the nurse she's sending the whole school home lol
Start the day off with some
We all need to eat.
I feel like we havn't tweeted in awhile. Anyway, Next Friday, August 19th, we will be playing a show at Club Fusion! Doors open at 10PM!
Just to clarify (my memory is foggy) we're talking about the Coherent Arbitrariness paper, right?
I lucked out! I guess when the T god closes one door in your face, he gives you a seat behind another.
my dads wedding and birthday is tomorrow!!! YIPPPIEEEE!!!! :) :) :) <3 <3
Wish you all a very Happy April Fool's Day!
We'll be at the Viking Invitational at Whitman tomorrow, hula on by
Big hugs. Your grandma sounds like a lovely woman!
G.M.N.I.: May can't come soon enough.
Four years later, John McCain explains Palin VP choice: "I had a bigass ol' brain tumor."
"a blender" isn't a brand!
if that happens, katie and i will console alisha for you. and blaze. i bet he'd be pretty upset
yea it's the next big website...we gonna take over the world. Or try anyway...lol
Weak RT : Montee Ball loses the Doak Walker Award to Trent Richardson.
Great job tonight on #Awake!
Bring your own bag to Whole Foods through the end of the year and support Support your friends. A little bit goes a long way!
your the cutest ;)
#Cubs about to get started!
well hello there fish...
Woops... Meant "of" not "on" RT : I hope the state of history museums is better than that on military history.
I think if they can keep the young guys together they will be a force. JR and Kmart are gone. Hope Nugs keep Felton but doubt
{ Evening Classes at Romney } PULSE Barre and Group Reformer: 5:30
so amazing! They just melt in your mouth its like a mouth orgasm. This must be what Heaven is like Eating mini churros with Dana
- It's 2012 - Dems have already WON the game, and all they had to do is Let the Reps be themselves!
Baylor guy on the aTm exit trial?
. Glad you are coming to WI to help #wirecall this month, when might that be?
From Lancaster Brewing (). It was average. I also got their Milk Stout that I haven't tried yet.
yes, for archiving reasons, #scms12 is preferred hashtag for Happy tweeting!
another inspiring day w crew in London, including low down on int'l plans, amazing community strategy, + launch at
Did anyone else see the correlation between Nietzsche and the business bluffing article?
RT Just overheard in Central Park: "I wanted to have sex, don't get me wrong, but he was drinking white wine."
hoes not needed only a lady with mutual respect & loyalty.
who phil? And when we doing fantasy football?
hell yes we will, drink one for me!
Hello Everybody! :) Good Morning!!! :)
hahaha athletes in CO that's another issue all in itself...hm 5'11 and up you say?
“: Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.”
looks like the worst kind of...
Its almost a way of purging your mind . So the dreams can flow in :)
Aw come on GOOD LUCK ARIANA just got bumped down one come on #ArianaArmy & #Arianators LET'S DO THIS
haha sorry about that :/ I got half way through it and never got it finished
RT Only a few hours left to get your Passover catering orders in. Call 347-651-0636 or email // Elijah Wants You To...
Still sick... But i have to go to school /:
Game time!
Yes you will! Sending positive vibes your way
good luck!
If I wasn't so fdcused on this Orthodontist career, I'd DEFF. Become a pastry Chef. I love baking (:
hey my love
I think I've said "Damn" 5 million times tonight. Sometimes, I don't understand why some have to go so soon, but God knows best.
Welcome to the team Josh Strey and Lindsey Fry!
Outreach: Not 'lifelong learning' if we only focus on kids and teens. 55+ largest growing demographic.
my man is a beast! Guess who taught him everything he knows?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Got a Skate Mental <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
thank you for the time as well I enjoyed our conversation.
Omg Omg Omg ! #3days #BoyfriendVideo comes out :)! Aaaaahhhhhhhhh CAN'T WAIT to see my boyfriend :)
drinking one right now!
would recommend getting someone on site to take care of that for you, i can sched for you if you like.
Follow me on Tumblr , www.jasonchristopherr.tumblr.com ;D
Pleases Dont Putd Ya Business Out In Da Open Where You Know Folks Gotd Big Mouths
Such a powerful service today. Love my church and love my family.
DM me your number again haha
I don't know... I can't see it happening
oh thats why
follow back pretty please :))))
I'm glad you're so nice!!! Love you MIss HItzler =)
Congrats to on launching tonight!
40 Paintings down, 10 more to go! Show starts December 1st :)
nice!!! Cool app!!
HAPPY BD MOZART!!
this friday !?;)
Two Fiddy today!!!
Something about you is somewhat moronic. RT : something about Peter Angelos is somewhat racist ...
Man Today was an long day in the studio, But like they say some day my day will come:)
oh and most importantly, you inspire me <U+2665> how you dont run away from problems. i love you so much!
Good show last night, got the knotty head today!
I will spend my remaining days spreading the story of your meat eating ways, the positivity you created. You will be missed, friend.
Edgar Allan Poe~ All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream.
seemed relevant to my life today. Thought maybe someone else would find it relevant to theirs.
let me make it clear fam I'm not lookin for artist at this time but if ur write hit material consistently then we can talk
One more day until we can enjoy the festivities of the weekend! Be productive and end the week on a high note!
The Avengers was actually pretty fucking good. And I'm a girl. And I don't like superhero movies.
I don't like sleeping downstairs by my self
i understand that ur busy and everything, but i would be the most excited girl in the world if you noticed me at all!
Sorry Deceased
"I don't think of myself as a television personality. I am a writer who reads what I've written." #RIP Andy Rooney
SELADORE will be playing the Hard Rock on the 15th! Come out and sway the judges in our favor! Doors open at 7:30. Show starts at 8
Bank of America cancels $5 debit fee, choosing instead to spin off ATM machines into a division named "Qwikster"
Gosh, Olivia. :( By the way, I lost my eraser. I have to get a new one, which you'll have to decorate, of course. :)
Kobe's gonna have his 85th 30+ point career playoff game, w/ the stomach flu. I used to try to hate him but I love a no excuses competitor.
. Yeah, but "move the needle" is tame v "impactful" or "incentivize adherence".
Are you moving? If so, where?
“: Perfect way to start my summer :: beers and a campfire <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>” jelly
Hahaha! If only.
I'm considering filing for bankruptcy since EMU staff won't re-evaluate my appeal for financial aid, student loans, classes, and dormitory.
I did though!!! I did it!!
#FF Thanks for making #SXSWi so fabulous. Miss you all. And to who we kept missing.
Ya'll can play some melancholy strings with me anytime. : )
My mom said the Svedka robot looks like Amber Rose (Roho) lol
The hoaxy subject lines of the Canadian pharmaceutical spam emails are so much more polite than all the other ones.
I want to high-five the bearded guy.
it was!!! I was about to cry :( and oh no :( should of had an otter box on it !
Introducing the new Sonic Baja Dog. 100% all beef dog, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes on a poppy seed bun.
im serious dawg....
If the gift basket is a wad of cash, or you can subsidize that ball of cash by outsourcing the paper its printed on.
well dnt go
and this makes me realize I spelled it wrong in my original tweet. Looks like we're both getting schooled.
Gerald Wallace is feeling up the stat sheet tonight also.
“: Oh my, aren't you quite cunty today?” this sounds like a quote from our daily lives.
you can folks who will do the cooking and then deliver.
KEEP A SMALL CIRCLE
not familiar but will check them out now, thanks!
thanks for joining us last night. As always, LOVE You and are lucky to be working with them.
glad I made you sign up!
Good ol nite with the crew! Off to gville tmrrw
can I start laughing at all these 7th graders now..?
Brothers graduation today! :)
5 more mins till our #bogo starts. Only good for the first 5 orders, mention which shirt you want in the description or be surprised
Grabbing Smoke Out Conversations, today after work. Grabbing the cd with the shirt, wish i would have it signed though!
Starters cramping up in Oakland after the longest half time ceremony ever.
Glad you liked it! Alexis is such a charismatic speaker. I watched that video twice today!
Performing tonight at Cafe Django with LeJIT! (Le Jeff Isaac Trio)
Who's going to staff an all-news station in the current radio economy? Besides, Feder and Larz Crm aren't reporting it.
I have found it helpful, once one understands the categories and combinations thoroughly, which is no easy achievement.
one chance is hard to get when everything is based on superficiality. fuuuuuuuuck that shit
I am amazing at all over colors.
I worry that the new programs are going to mimic the Aud and DPT which are "lite" doctorate degrees and don't meet our complex needs
i do
Life is painful, wicked and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and nasty.
It hurts. My braket
I just had never heard much against him and he had a good resume. But either of our ppl are better than Kerrey. Carpetbagger.
Tony Parker hit a 3-pointer and added a 3-point play in the first five minutes of the second half. The Spurs lead the Jazz 59-46.
Whoa...talk about blowing me out of the water!
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night. ~ Author Unknown
Hi guyz what is up
you're clearly in the same session I am. :-) i'm in white shirt, third row, using pen and paper (gasp)
Good morning, what a beautiful sunny day. Time for some great flooring.
Relevant to the demographic, yes. But off-topic a little - to bring that human aspect in? I think that's important.
My sister is on life support due to complications almost 3 mo. after her gastric bypass surgery. 5 yr statistics are concerning
where have you been and don't you have my other number
exactly!! Pretty sneaky bro didn't sound right though...Lmao!
Short Hair Is Cool
Following back RT : Follow back Josy! ;)
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence
You game is shit. Why every time I am by my teamates people spawn behind me FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME
The Harvey Monster just asked for some soup, I said not until lunch. He replied: chowder?
Finally going home(:
I would pay any price to own the dress Alice wears
Easy. Foreign affairs is the one area where he isn't hamstrung by Congress.
STAY TUNED THE MOST AWAITED EVENT OF THE MONTH WILL HAPPEN SEPT 17TH, 2009 @ SEVEN BAR LOUNGE DOWNTOWN LA...
yay for art!
Call to action is a chance to prepare for our next steps. We don't stop here.
unfortunately not my friend. On the other side of the Sound. Will have to catch you when you're next in town :)
'Joze..always told me if u be good all your life what stories do you have to tell none cause u been a Angel all Yo life..lol <U+E022> my mexicano
Please stop driving and texting at the same time. Alnost in 2 different accidents this mornimg.
St.Augustine is the shit..wish I lived there for awhile.
My thoughts go out to If reports are true, highlights the need to protect mental health services.
#IAlwaysWonderIf #socialmedia is the start to something else...
Good morning! #GMA's summer concert series is a good way to start the day. Go Taio! Baby let's go
He's too fast for the camera! I'll try again when there's more light. He has some reddish feathers on his head.
Dr Sahakian Reviews and Dr. Deugarte Reviews - http://
it's freaking hot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> lol
#YOTM LET'S GET IT
Birthdays are nature's way of telling us to eat more cake and not worry about the weight. ~ Anonymous
Happy to say my grade in human anatomy is climbing after that horrid skeletal exam.
Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product.
Posting job ads has given me a whole new hatred of many employment websites. You'd think if they only do one thing, they'd do it right...
Fajitas, margaritas and hanging by the pool. Good times. :-)
I hate when people don't let me finish what I start.
Starting to feel more like February.
Q: What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal? A: That hit the spots!
Up , watching the news
I want her I think I want her I really want her I gots to have her
It's the American League. The only thing required from the manager is that he put the keg out behind second base.
I am probably going to spill over my time. God have mercy.
I don't think capitalization matters for hashtags. Hadn't thought of the McD's problem; I was worried about the "clit" ending.
more drums and guitars and I think our Zizek track will truly be a protest jam for the club kids! Look forward to your edits
I know i will be fine with Praying for us mahomies in North Carolina it will be fine with him there by are sides (; <3
web peeps!! which CMS do YOU prefer? nevermind the clients on this one, which CMS would use to build your own site?
So glad to have here ! Let's get this started!
put on paper to turn it into paper
RT : Best #airportfood ever! French Meadow Bakery. Organic beet Gorgonzola salad & tomato basil soup. Go MSP airport!
I met him at a party last week. I talked to him. One of my heroes.
I think you are my new best friend :)
Dont let the past dictate who you are but make it apart of who you will become
Got him.
Thank you & best wishes to your success.
Two Mother's Day cards, designed and set to arrive by Saturday. I'm all set! Woohoo!
nice try gillyflowers (thanks for that one iPhone autocorrect!) SF totally wins.
ah thanks! I know yest was my lucky day & it's funny cuz I didnt even notice until this girl told me lol
We'll check 'em out! Thanks.
There are some things, e.g. "phytophthora gonapodyides," that google won't correct your spelling on. Mystery solved! I love my job.
Two weeks with out a real cig, craving just hit me for one grr..going vape through it....I hope
Another great day at #ccsforum2012 Calif. state Supt. really gets what we need to do to cut chronic absence.
Chocolate covered espresso beans seemed like a good idea this afternoon.
Portland, it's different here / RT Portland police surprised by topless woman with a meat cleaver.
I love you! <3
well let me know. If I can't find anyone I'll just wait for another day.
RT : Wait! High school until you're 18! But how does Gingrich recruit his Child Slave Labor Janitorial Force?
POTUS should take a stand, but humility might be in order. Don't remember you exactly being bold on gay rights while in office
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. - Alfred Adler
I had a tranny tell me I look like Pink today!
You have a talented daughter!
good luck!
I see girls put up pictures of themselves partying...and I can't help but think, "Don't you got a kid to take care?"
your his girlfriend are you not ? She ain't stupid to fuck that up
Product of the Year winner graphic roll-out demonstrations today @ 12 & 2PM in booth
Uhmmmm, i need a vacation. Anywhere. Seriously.
“: sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?” LOL.
Lovejoy, Kunitz and Duper not drafted
No mentions, no twitter friends updates, no earphones.. On my iPad checking old tweet & FB status that's my life now. I'm bored!!!! -_-
I know! How do I stop it!?
it was an awesome hotel. one of my favorite. will stay there again many times before my son graduates from johns hopkins. :)
Bosses don't have birthdays we have g'days and bossdays just ask
Running around at High School News Literacy Summit at Baruch. ABC's Ron Claiborne gave a great keynote this morning.
Please, don't tease.
I wish guys would look past looks and actually get to know me...
where are we streaming the event?
Current listening: STORM THE STUDIO (Meat Beat Manifesto). Fave group as a lad. Forgot it samples W.S. Burroughs. Beat seed planted early.
hahaha you kept looking at me to make me laugh!
we are the
Happy #ArtsAdvocacyDay! Enjoy and cherish creativity today :)
If anybody asks, I don't know you. Lol
Poster presenters, please setup your poster between 3 - 5 today prior to the plenary so you don't miss it
It may also cut the number of people and the amount of gear you can load in your vehicle.
Whats with all the obvious trends.? Like Directioners love 1D. NAH FUCK, I thought y'all fucking loved directions.
I was like 9/10 when it came to questions about my gf ! The only thing i got wrong is that she wants to go to wack ass UT :p
Oh yea! I liked him too! Gosh, Titanic is an AMAZING film!! ;)
Thanks so much for the lovely trophy, ! (YOU don't EVER have to STFU.)
Is taking a German class just so I can receive credit hours cheating if I already know the language? Nein.
he lives in Miami.
Yeah, I made you look dumb. RT rhancock19: I didn't find the parody accounts funny at all. It made me look like a dumbass.
Someone needs to write a terrible (/wonderful) X-over fic of the X Files & Holmes. And by someone I mean me.
Happy Mother's Day to our foxy Moms!
already getting the shirts ready..."Fear The Fade"!
drink lots! Expect dinner when you get home
great idea!
US has problem until 1950s. We had a global effort in place. BUT opted not to include sub Saharan Africa. We also used DDT.
#DearOomf you dont try anymore... its like you dont want me anymore...
Alert: Doug West reference in the office today, can I get a shout out for Doug West?!?!?
Sat at : portrait photography shoot for a new public art project. Each picture will take 10 minutes; 10a-12p, open to all.
It's my day off, so just guessing!
i swore to myself that i wasn't going to let shit like this bother me but sadly it will always bother me.
The notion that the U.S. is to be the slop-bucket of creation has no foundation in morals, economics, or religion.
chilln u have ya cookout dis year
Yeah man (Usher voice)
Started my week off good I pray it stays dat way which means no arguing no stressing no bs point blank period
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. -George Van Valkenburg
Downloading my shit
okay i cant take a nap now.-.
Im @ Dr,got to stay up on my health..
After Tuesday's loss, it will be interesting 2 see how the #Bulls respond tonight in Philly
ALRITE I C ITS EVERY MAN 4 HIMSELF
200 subscribers on youtube! Getting there!
hii mister ;) how are u?? Btw my granddads condition is getting worse and worse :( xoxo michelle
honestly ur the most amazing person, dont u ever listen to those bullies there not worth it, they really must be blind!!<3
Where do you get a "Black Ops IT Team"
Doesn't that break your heart? I can't even imagine.
Miss the Chinese New Year party at VaHi? We're doing it again this Monday...at Emory Village!
yes ma'am!
kid from Omaha's Twitter tag is "Do you have access to psychedelic drugs? DM me.”
Elementary School was on lock down in Forest Lake. More info coming...
thanks a bunch
#BestLeapEver is seeing u.s. Men's soccer team winning Italy in Italy! First time in 82 years! Love espn2, you're the greatest!
HA! I know, I was just being a punk. I'm SO happy you love the drama. It's really entertaining when you can learn to love it.
You're cute like a bunny.
THERE IS THIS NOISE OUTSIDE AND ITS ANNOYING THE SHIT OUT OF ME AND A CANT SLEEP.
LOL they are at any gas station that doesn't have a walk in store. they are cold
Where did find a pay phone ? Come on buddy, its 2012.
We're here to console. Or to high five if you bet on I'll Have Another.
I want Justin to grow out a mustache
thanks for the follow russ! :) I fancy myself a marketing woman
Take advantage of senior discount today - 25% off entire purchase (on top of markdowns) @ Thrift Shop until 3. Must be 65-years young!
You're welcome! I knew u would enjoy it. Hope to see u soon and keep working on that CPA.
Roy, buff said
yo is this deal online only?
I am actually up and getting ready for 7:30 yoga class.
thanks for the follow!!(:
also, that figure 342 shows that you just can't trust newspapers (340 seems to be the accurate number)
Love me some country! Doesn't get better than Sugarland for me. :) I love the Ingrid Michaelson station when you want mellow.
"You cannot merge two or more Apple IDs into a single one." So much for consolidation...this is an
Eww. Its November
I liked it a lot!! So many people are hatin though.
Reality in its fundamental nature is love and truth and expresses itself thru these two aspects. - BKS Iyengar
I would be too. Which one?
Thank you for the mention, my friend!
#Text DRIVERSED to 90210 for contact information & #specials from Drive 505 School of Driving in #SantaFe, NM. #Mobile is good for business!
that's what I'm saying. You'd look like that little muscly bodybuilder mouse from Tom & Jerry!
Nobody wants Lindsay Lohan to succeed. She has to feel that. Kind of makes it hard to build your self esteem I would imagine.
I got this lil tingle
Internet explorer,how about you leave me alone.
#lastminute #deal 6 hour limo rental for tonight in south Florida only $250.
It's funny how I was broke back in middle school and bitches avoided but now they always asking for some money
Irony begets irony.
well thats what opinions are for right? lol
n y is that
If I ever do get married I think I would have bridezilla tendencies.
taste good like nuvo
Did #SNL really think this sketch was a winner? Good god this is difficult to watch.
To the Metropolitan Opera today for the Saturday Matinee: Aida
They just showed him walking to the back. Was curious. Saw the Harden throwdown and walked out of the room for 2 seconds.
You don't create your mission in life - you detect it
12 hours I'll be at Dave Pratt's live broadcast.. in 24 hours I'll be on the road to Vegas with for the & Day
Watching #Dexter season 3. So addictive.
#OWIF: I am in an aisle seat between the Fishmonger and my old chemistry teacher. #RegretsI'veHadAFew
Valentines Kick Off Party Hosted by the Girls Fantasy
hey bro
Can't sleep, what else is new.
Ecuador's Pacari will be @ your favorite library for a FREE chocolate tasting tomorrow from 5-8 PM. #FreeInNY 111 St. Marks Place
I feel like if and had an illissit affair, Jesus wouldn't be angry.
when are you coming to indyyyy?!
I'll be right over. *straightens mask. grabs machete. zips fly.* Feel free to start without me. I'll catch up. I always do.
good luck with your car and drive safely!
I will never question the professionalism of any play by play guy that can go an entire A's broadcast without saying Theth Thmith
Presently nomming on an amazing homemade parfait: Red raspberries, vanilla yogurt + Special K Oats & Honey. If I had a smartphone, I'd share
Thanks for coming down with such a great group of #craftbeer folks. Cheers!
Hi - I work for a radio station in Milwaukee - who all do you know is going?
when Less Than Jake gave me a shoutout for smoking weed in their crowd at warped tour. she was happy for me..
Hiphop video being filmed in the middle of my Troubled-writer fantasy. Context Fail.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
The Wanted -- Non-Apology for Christina Aguilera
That 2Pac hologram was dope!
scary ass lol
We party all around the world.
oh oh sorry . so ! you could find your own jessica alba there :p
literally every.single.tweet. on my feed is about
So the #Bills did sign Vince Young? Love it.
Piece of advice - slutty skirts and fake cowboy boots don't make you look country. Stop trying.
...Give more than you take, but never take for granted what is given!
like I said Steve or will
for what it's worth, i'm with my ladies in #Cairo, #Egypt. much #love to you. i'm there in #spirit. stand #strong!
Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once. ~ Lillian Dickson
It's a beautiful day in Seattle! Wish I was at home playing outside with my little one!
I know not this Bryan, but have we perhaps met, in Wahlheim? I was in Europe, you know...
Because without women, men would not have a past, a present, or a future.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Black Bean Soup I 4.07 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Corwynn Darkholme "This is chilled soup is made by pureeing c
5 days of school, filled with exams and finals. #YEEE :( <U+E421>
#WeirdFactAboutMe I'm obsessed with hand sanitizer.
WE STILL HERE.. #AIGHT!!!
Red Bull #GivesYouWings but Redline gives you heart attacks
"Ron Paul to end active campaigning" #cnn Damn, there goes the gold standard!
do it!!! Wish I would still be there though...
Three miles is the new one mile.
Which agency provides training for municipal and county officers?
Closer to signing that deal baby!
congrats on a great game last night. Can't wait for Sunday.
Unibrows are only sexy when they're vertical.
Monday mornings are tough. I slept in. I have a cat on means can't move. I have to decide between French toast or omelette. Rough.
Don't just be part of life Live life to the Fullest, Make life your "Bitch" and OWN it ~ steve dorsey
yahhoooooo! Glad you enjoyed them....
had to chuckle when I saw your twitter name. Was just trying out a Martin at Guitar Center and asked if they had a sign.
bout lost both 2 of my fingers at softball but its all cool :) #screamedbloodymurder you screamed louder
everything will be okay just think of the positive =]
If I'm in an actual case, yes. But here, in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, it is a circus. And this for two weeks.
About to watch #humancentipede. Well, attempt to watch it.
always wonderful when I talk to u!!! Goin to get some boneless n a min #LuvBW3's
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily - Zig Ziglar.
Hey, don't forget about the Interview with Jennifer on ABC. Be sure to have you some tissues! :(
so at first it said processing..324 minutes..i almost flipped a beeotch.
What a temp swing!
I'm too nice of a person. I can't be mean. Lol
whoa, what talks? i can't remember!
Home Remedies for Dry Hair - Natural Cures and Herbal Treatment
We're thinking Thursday is the new Friday and so drinks are in order. Anyone with us?
and what we would say ;)
Worst experience ever with a human being. I need alcohol..a lot of it. Really anything I can punt right now would be fine.
#tweetyourweight 175.5 Relapse Week has almost come to the end. Kickball and Ruth's Chris today, then back on the wagon tomorrow!
I give more weight to numbers pre-shoulder injury from collision. .281/.333/.737 OPS (and three unexpected SBs)
What's Up Bitches?..
#robbiewilliams vs #tomcruise in a #mma bout, who wins and how...
Makes me want a whoopie pie! Bob & Sue Miller, owners of Das Dutchman Essenhaus, win 2012 Will Koch Indiana Tourism Award cc:
Hope your up for a fun fantasy photo day overload! ;)
It was pretty good. Did you get some good studying done?
Going to Portland, OR next week to play with a really big API...
Michael Ondaatje's The Cat's Table
Did you guys dress up?
Just found out 5 months of auto-deducted bill payments we made were accidentally credited to another customer's account. Ah, technology.
I'm by exhibit hall 4
Anyone going to be at the Women's Final 4 this weekend? There should be some great games.
yes!! Very true as well.
Christian Laettner's shot was great and all, but how bad was that D by Kentucky
why aren't you at school? D: I'm telling!
Sometimes you can't be everything to everyone, so its better to not be anything to anyone. Come back later and rub success in their faces.
#FollowFriday #FF RT For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
There are three objectives of Chocolate Cake Day: To bake a chocolate cake. To decorate a chocolate cake. And, to eat a chocolate cake.
My homie Hex sent me a bangin ass beat to feat on, I love when artists know music and recognize good beats
thank you Nathan!
No line as usual at Falk Elem. I was voter 511.
#Wedding toast: May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
Figure Drawing Tonight! 5-8 pm. BYOMaterials and $10. New location: 505 W. Main St
Enjoy your break. Looks like the weather will be conducive to your plans.
Coffee on my brain, please.
Dodge, Chevy, Ford, then Toyota.
fresh out the shower
You wonder why I don't flirt with you anymore, out of all people you should know why, you have a girlfriend. Go get her to flirt with you...
ive had that before!!!!! It's mad good:)
it happens! I found out I have ADHD once I got to college & once your on the right medicine it's seriously a miracle!
I just wanna be with her and the baby
Good shower,cold cocktail & a blunt,np Vent by ,real music for real niggas
Glad you enjoyed it! We had so much fun!
Things men do...
Great meeting and chatting with you at the AMA's. Look forward to having you in the office
Why is it when your sitten on the beach, you look at your naked toes in the sand and it looks like they're singing the most happiest song??
We'd love to hear from you. Send us an email at !
Oh Okay But Are Serious That's Messed Up ! /:
Q&A time or discussions from 3:30 - 6:00 today as well....
Horny!!! Wanna get somebody!! Any. Videos??? Of u guys followers
E-books make it possible for people who should have stayed silent to communicate how insane they are to the rest of the world.
are you in a classroom?
so down for June. But maybe for may too!!
I'm in one of those horrible downswings I've heard so much about. Thinking bout taking a break
I hope you enjoy my review of your music on iTunes.
i pay lots of attention to italy. Big ac milan fan. They way they play the game is very similar to mls
Ok so the West Regional is giving me trouble: Davidson over Louisville? Iona over Marquette? Memphis? Missouri? LB State? man i have no Idea
I hate u u r a jerk for calling your fans f words and b words and crazed and jealous well take a look in the mirror u monster
Thank you and Congratulations to you and JL Houston!
What are UR wellness goals, challenges? FREE 30-minute nutritional breathrough session. To schedule: .
This is gonna be a big tour. Do you know the all stars tour besides the obvious suicide silence, styg, and I see stars?
omgg that bar was so good..bring me in more :)
Chef Duff made ma a cake!
Watching dirty Harry!
Not even halfway done with my ouline ._____. fml
Perhaps we can use to calculate the carbon footprint of that salad.
If u marry me I'll buy u all your dream cars! XD
"I have had my instagram since 2009. Or whatever. Never used it once." Why aren't you quite the hipster... :P
It worked the last time.
you named your tamagotchi after me?! How sweet!!
Wow she crazy!
i will buddy your obviously a Miami marlins fan right
Would anyone like to do a skype interview/conversation about ESL teaching? Send me a message for details #ESL, #EFL,
we have 4 worldwide trends.
This is how we dO it
All I wanna do is eat!!!
while the war on women went on..North korea launches ...u got it under control
yeah. I'm not ginna eat wings thats unhealthy.
And just like that, we're open! Wonderful audience tonight.
I've been good. How about you?? I know, I need to get better at keeping in touch lol.
Excited to go to tonight for "sloppy hour" #PCBW Day 1
But that's just me.
Had a stupid nightmare about the zombie apocalypse!<U+E401> I need to stop watching reruns of the walking dead<U+E11C>
Where'd Stevie learn to read palms? ;)
whats the name
Thank! You! For! The! RT!
DAMMIT YA'LL GONE GET ME FIRED! O WE!
thanks for reading - and the coverage
lol oh wow
Ever since I met you, no one else is worth thinking about.
Hey, do you know where I can get some of those awesome sunglasses that Quinn was wearing in the season premiere episode?
Profile photos, at least on pages, are bigger now, too
“: I'm in soo much pain!”
"A non-violent negotiation"
Thank You!
lmaooo yea nd i changed my username back
Fields played GREAT defense on that last possession, nothing u can do about Wade hitting that
My autistic child called a peer "stupid" today. His first name call ever. Not proud and had to discuss. It is typical but not what we want!
Or coming into a new year without a clear plan to arrive at your destination where ever that might be
I guess. You started it and I just finished it. He ain't gonna see that tweet anyways. He prolly just got like a million mentions.
"TO DO IS TO BE" - Nietzsche "TO BE IS TO DO" - Kant "DO BE DO BE DO" - Sinatra
Bags are packed & I'm ready to return to Milwaukee. A special thank u to my primo & to for his hospitality.
Not going to be able to tweet for awhile because I'm in trouble, bare with me.
Awesome! We'd love to help you write something about it! DM us an email address and we can discuss in more detail?
#whenbrokepplgetmoney fake nails and hair become their #1 priority
Thats that nerve...
hitting ATL soon
Oh *sneeze* Mom! Ufff *sneeze* why you *snuff* gotz to kiss me...
: It's pretty good.
With the exception of best original screenplay #woodyallen and there is nothing interesting in this phoney
Long day yesterday.
Why do I fall for the guys I CAN'T ever have.....
good wear a dress with me and tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Red Carpet tonight in Hollywood big shout out to Joann Boznos make sure to check out her work and follow
Will do!
so i hear you tweet all the time show me your ways :p
I do I thought you were asking me
RT : I am in beautiful Estes Park,CO-singing here this afternoon with Eric Gunnison,Mark Simon & Paul Romaine
Listening to some DMX to get ready for this exam
I can think of a few recruiting teams he could run ;-)
RT : Proofreading tip: Check if subject and verb (especially when other words come between them) agree in number and person.
Just when it looked like the Stags were done for, they have pulled to within 6 with 1:48 to play. ISU 63 Fairfield 57
thank you we love your butt & your heart!
That email make it to you last week?
me? Lol;) miss you face lady.
Thanks! All the best to you as well.
I only give my number to guys because I know they ain't go away till they get it. Then I just never answer or reply.
Would you believe that I can't find a Hawaiian shirt horrible enough at Walmart.
sorry I keep bringing you to hipster dive bars. sort of. not really.
small world! Wish I could be there hanging with you.
Be back lovees.
off to for another week of press and PR to support #rawessentials canadian launch with Wish me luck
plz do i need cock so bad
When you introduce two of your friends and they get closer than you were with either of them and you feel left out.
Home from Nashville and finishing the prep for a women's retreat tomorrow - what is it about May that is so non-stop? I know I'm not alone.
Do you use a low iron if your driver is hitting bad?
RT : The latest Kaiser Health Tracking Poll shows the public is favorable towards every component of #hcr except mandate....
Just got out of a TERRIFFIC panel on university presses and their potential to break into the eBook market. I want a Kindle!
What a Gooby
Now that ACM has an office separate from the school there are so many keys. Keys everywhere and I don't know what they all open!
. No, I love it! For reals. Especially the part where you interviewed Matthau's wife (via phone) while she was in the bathtub!
How we were.
thanks, used the droid x, think it's time to get a real camera :) Thx for the flickr link too! #wallpaper!
Failure is not an option. Success is just the process. Say YES one time, they use you. Say NO one time they plottin
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour County until 02:00 PM
So busy that I'm grateful my lunch date cancelled today and I had lunch at my desk So much work to do.
That last tweet was specifically for but I tweeted over zealously and forgot to tag her.
with this win tonight CATS will likely be #1 seed in SEC tourney. We need tickets!!
I like when Adele was singing cause when the camera panned the crowd everybody was singing not just a select few....
live tweeting
Well you did what you could and there's nothing you can do to fix her stubborn ass.
Cheaper than recruiting someone for better pay.
Because of #SpringFestival in China, all orders from the factory will be delayed. If you need devices urgently, please contact USA office.
Im a creative man motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Stop reaching. Believe in yourself enough to know u will get there
I don’t think I could possibly make you doubt yourself, unless you had the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Lunchtime Farmers Market today 11-2. 4 SD Food Trucks to feed you; Local Farmers; Fresh Produce. #HHDSD I-15
my name is old school, I was named Merle. Hated it as a kid on first day of school!! Now I'm 33 and it's kinda cool.
Isnt that the sweetest little face! Just wanna give her kisses!! :) Have a great evening, Kelly!!
Has he thought of going to a chiropractor? We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
I want to do as many things as I possibly can now while I'm young so I don't grow up to be one of those weird angry adults
Working on dropping in a YouTube Channel widget into a clients Wordpress Blog. Wordpress really needs to simplify that process!
lady gaga I freakin love yew!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
Looking forward to some great live rock n' roll this summer :-)
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg
And to u + yours!
keep up the good work in Boston!! Maybe I'll see ya there!
Ian Soboroff from NIST talking about research into search and the TREC program. Search is not a fully solved problem.
absolutely, & a game they took control of and should've won. Painkillers kicked in 9th, this'll hurt more tomorrow.
sure. meant that comprehensive strategies to integrate many aims better than corridors designed with 1 problem in mind.
What the hell is a pink dolphin?
Please, don't ask me to retweet URLs to clichéd haiku. I wouldn't do it to you. #poetry #Writing At least get the syllable count right.
I hope has an awesome day too haha don't let anything bother you bud :)
tell that girl she dumb
what's iMessage? I'm not paying for this? Can I text back?
9 more followers !!
hello<3 please follow me!!!
Enjoy! Cheers xox
Thanks! You are so cutting edge. It is appreciated very much!
Hey lady, let me know when you wanna meet tomorrow : )
Fringe still has a chance for renewal if you tune in tonight - deal's not done yet
come with me
'The intuitive application of exercise principles...' This is CG Philosophie
hehee thanks babe! ;) x
“: I never chase, I replace. Remember that.”
The new year will bring new products and scents. What scents would you recommend for a candle. Drop us a line at
Would very much like to know #nickiminaj's workout after seeing the starships video!
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter. Got my mind made up. I'm ready for yah.
Buy the SINGLE from Lrical Trilogy "The Hybrid" for MMA fighter Joe Duarte on Itunes. Help starving rappers!!!! Well our hunger for success
classic tweeting.....
Mahalo for the RT! So many things going on today! Happy #cincodemayo!
: Not fair. Is he being directly harassed (on Twitter) or is the other guy slandering him in a public forum of some kind? Curious.
Anyone who tweets No Silver Bullet is a-one in my book! :)
...dude iz hot n killn' the hook to his own track! i mean seriously, da nigga made a beat usin' hair clippers! #dudeis2good!
Way too much going on yet i have time to let twitter know
lol I know I can't wait hey do u have a facebook??
:, checking in on the GW bridge: Oh hey, 10 people are here!"
Did you get the flat package i sent you?
followed sorry it took so long.-anna
AFD looking for 4 new sworn, 4 new civilian positions in FY2013
Good afternoon everyone! And special mention to our new followers - , ,
Congrats! That's great news!
Never should have sent that kid to Hogwarts.
sorry about that got hacked
#21CRadio is tomorrow night at 6pst! Join the discussion for a chance to win tix!
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
Grande Peppermint Mocha with soy to start the morning off right.
No & I plan to address this on podcast tonight. RT : Do Browns think fans are idiots when they say weedens here 2 compete w mccoy?
Friends of #tsw2012 let's show some love to #csw4 happening this weekend in Charlotte! cc
Thanks, Matt.
I love how those $1,000 #Saints bounties have evolved into a $7 million payout for coach Sean Payton.
I need that VIP hookup
The Colony are backstage. Green Ant mentions he has a shot at the Heritage Championship next week.
Being in the House of Blues reminds me of all the shows I've been to here and it feels SO GOOD
if i could ask #oomf 1 question.. it would probly be "do you even care at all ?"
-Congrats love that's so exciting!! Can't wait for my Wedding next week! xox
Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Watching 1981 simi final NCAA game. Virginia vs. North Carolina. I had no idea Ralph Sampson was that big. Worthy owns the short corner.
Just got signed to a modeling agency! Instagram. I look legit.
lol, so when we gonna get a new avi?
Listening to Juelz Santana & J.R. Writer & 40. Cal. & Killa Cam!!! That's What the Game's Been Missing!
Love the throwback.
It sure is! Come join us at #thatcamp Philly.
The honest truth....
4) our big house 5) a friend or two 6) Noah's preschool 7) okay that's pretty much it
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
From a city-police press conference on recent violence. #madison MT : Soglin: Zero tolerance for violence, illegal firearms.
I keep having these really strange dreams. And you're always in them... Just out of reach
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight, sir!
"Facebook Co-Founder Renounces U.S. Citizenship" #huffpost So he can pay less taxes. Will Zuckerberg do the same?
would love to hear how you can find out in either a qualitative or quantitative way. My thesis is this.
Heard a rumor that if we brewed enough Summer Brew, it would turn spring into summer. We're currently testing this rumor.
i got weed 2 smoke, but i aint fie'n up shit till dis game over
Happy 1 year job-versary to me! And here's to many more! The radio tells me that today is also the Bieber's 18th birthday. Coincidence?
Memories!! RT : Good times --&gt; RT : We in sunny Arizona..who bokin tonight?
Alright refs, don't let there be a goalie interference on Marty tonight. I know that he is so good that you threw the Flyers a bone.
Good to see you, man! Hope you had a good time.
Why is it when you drop a pill it automatically looks for the best possible hiding place?
Sounds wonderful Donald. Hope you will follow me back. Let's connect! Much Love #DenieceWilliams :))
Y not legalize it...it can't be that much worst than cigarettes
Thanks man. It better.. or no one gets to see it. Ha.
I wish they'd quit lying to these ugly hoes, tellin' 'em they're cute, when they look like shit.
Didn't fall asleep until 6am and already up
you're wrong! We need a battle royal with #levilowrey vs !
Every prayer is wasted on a name that's faceless.
If you love music as much as I do show your love and support!! #4KM!!! c:
Tomorrow officially starts 2012 - It's back to work! Gonna make some things happen!!! ;)
Do you need Air Conditioning installations In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
believe it or not, i'm not attending 's panel this morning!! wish you were here ;)
Difference between opinion and hate. As a Duke alum, your probably not crazy about UK yourself but you don't show a bias.
both of my younger brothers are taller than me.
all are sound reasons
Ayee guess who's getting a Facebook! Yeah buddy!! :),
I advise you not to trust that hoe.
Hey social networks, I'm trying to find some images of manly/confident video game characters. Care to lend a hand?
LOL. Now that's poetry in motion!
thanks for the follow!
plz cheer me up cuz my....my..my boyfriend cheeted on me
Seriously every one of 's songs is a hit!<3:)
i'm done i give up
like what?
Thank you so much, Patrick!! It was a good day...
come party in texas sometime
Just had a hot breeding session. I also drank most of his massive piss load. Fucking hot!
Do YOU want to be a part of my #MotivesBombshellteam? Become a distributor for #MotivesForLaLa make $$$! Email
We couldn't agree more! Happy Friday.
Car looks great! Hope we get to ride together in AZ this year! Can't wait for you to see sometime soon...
the film you helped me with accent etc was for
Looks like the water district means business when they said water shut off from 8am - 8pm. The toddlers are not pleased... : (
This year, CHAPC's Chair, Vice Chair and 2nd Chair are all women. Lady powah!
All these nights of working and staying in are going to pay off when summer comes around
Was without my Droid for a couple hours. The twitching seems to have stopped now that I have it back.
Still hurts sometimes & it was my second sprain-more than a month though.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... at RIO... at PEPPER.
just got dont shooting hoops
talk radio messed up. It seems no calls got thru. Sorry. Thanks for calling in though.We appreciate it and you!
It's actually warm outside?
Another sold out show with and
No ma'am I'm open for the convo just as the other party Should be...
Sounds like my wife! :) RT : Trips to Target without my husband always end with new items for my closet.
I'M READY FOR THE VIDEO DAMMIT
my first tweet was "gallons of whale semen"
My favorite description of the “The Scream” from today's chatter about its sale: “The painting that launched 1,000 therapists.”
#AskObama can you tell me when and will be back to their day jobs?
"I think she's drunk, and I admire her." - Gaby
It's 545 AM in MI and it's 81 degrees. Yep, the heat wave has arrived. I can't believe it's that warm!!
Hard working, thoughtful, friendly. I've worked for many political offices, and this is by far the best group of people.
Lights. Camera. Dance.
Guys tell me I'm gorgeous or beautiful or sexy etc blah blah blah but don't do shit to make me feel like it
Waking up to Skrillex man, its gonna be a good day
trying to get our followers up :) not just for the numbers but so mahomies are brought together ;D
Severe weather watch likely to be issued for immediate area: Hail appears to be the main threat, with poss tornadoes near WI-IL line.
#FF , i always enjoy their tweets.
Seriously. This little girl waiting for the 22 just said, "I don't feel like standing next to black people. It's too uncomfortable."
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas getting a haircut
I'm tatted the fuck up but I could be even more tatted
I'm just scared. I don't mean to make you angry. I just cant think. You still are my heart and you always will be. Forever.
. on avoiding cognitive bias in telling stories. Anecdotes on 1-click, etc. can be seen as indicative, or just "bad apples.
“: Lmfao yeah it's kinda how I talk so...Lmfao” Kinda???
Great job Tammy to you and the team at APS!
#love ur music, just wondering when u r coming out w/some new music?
Just got accepted to ... So very excited!
we can only hope.
I dunno why I called it freaky friday
my lil brothers stealiing my older brothers girl lmfaoo
Yeah, there's a costume contest. You see a lot of wedding dresses at the race. I'm thinking of going as Squidward.
i don't know, lol. #winginit hoping to win a satty to something :D
On earth, there's a bunch of bullshit, in space there is way more bullshit and it's hard to breathe
Finished reading Steve Jobs bio by Walt Isaacson - Deeper appreciation of art & technology intersection
K-9 in the booth
when you're on a team, you USE the team. that's what they're there for. if a sport could be played by one person, there wouldn't be a team.
no problem! Thanks for retweeting our story!
So that was you. I should have known
I cry more for happiness than sadness. People helping out for the greater good: instant tear jerker.
Cheating on the diet.
i agree. are you coming to ny anytime soon?
X Nutrients wants to take me to the Cali show but I'm not sure if my health issues will be an issue with traveling or not.
Thanks for sharing!
Would Be Interested In The Blog, We Could Send You A Shirt For Your Marketing!
Thanks for mention, Patrick. Langcasters represent.
We hope that you enjoyed class on Tuesday. :-)
Goal: age as well as Michelle Pfeiffer. Damn she's hot!
Happy mothers day to my dad!! 2 parents in 1
and you can work in your pajamas
no problem!
One can borrow the money from a bank or any real estate broker
ohh you bastard. That's not fair!
I wear my heart upon my sleeve like a big deal.....
Now I get to spend lots of time at the BMV.
That's a little creepy, Kikko. But then again, so is us spying on your tweet conversations. Call it even.
Is the opening act for Steve Breen, U-T editorial cartoonist, at the Conservative Order for Good Government luncheon.
Not happy to discover that Daughters of the Sea: Lucy ends in a cliffhanger! Arghh!
will be helping out at booth (32). Stop by and say hi - would love to meet you.
wished you had a fwd button? :)
No ID and Common....SPEECHLESS!! cocaine80s.com
Red robin in washington:) dust and car @ jerimiahs for prom. They looked soo cute!!
More to come! :)
#ImWeakFor A girl thats cool with just having a day for just us.
we not goin no more
New Alert released last night..do your dd now!!
Listening to has made me a Conway Twitty.
No expectations
And we beat them both!! #GORAMS RT : Congrats to NexMex and CU Buffs. Well earned bids to NCAA
Mom: Everyone says Enrique can't sing but I like him. I think he's cool. And Pitbull? If I was just 10 years younger. Me: You're killing me.
if you have the $ yes :)
Now just waiting for five min, ready to back room n take some rest
At the phoenix open for the first time enjoying the weather!
Summer is so close I can almost smell it
I actually saw it this past weekend, my b/f's brother has it. Looks awesome & huge! But I'll most likely stick with what I know.
No I barely have time for my news lol What's up?
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!.... Happy Birthday, Jesus!<3
Outstanding Student Organization of the Year -- !
I wanna do a bestfriend tag and put that shit on Youtube. Same for a boyfriend tag video. Deeceeent. ^.^
you so like it
MoMa, c. 1999. RT: Christina Balkaran '12 interned this summer in Hawaii. Where did you do your internship?
I did read your review. King's book was a page-turner. Couldn't put it down. Thick, 849 pages. Can't wait to see movie version!
the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do. Kinda sad really.
I just finished looking over the Paul Plan. It is by far the greatest read since Trickle Up Poverty. Ron Paul 2012!
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Fran 49ers
indeed more and more people are starting to believe“: ORIOLES FREAKING MAGIC!!!!!!”
your going to work Cruz go get that title your biggest fan shmeds
Just bought my mom flowers for Mother's Day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Dallas, Tx
Isaiah 9:6 For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders.
Might seem like we're spamming today... :-/
amazing bags in today! adding fuel to fire with this little shopping addiction of mine...
then they wouldn't be able to comment back to you...
Thanks! We hope you can make it to SF to have a bite with us!
Eating Chinese food while I wait for my hair mask to be done
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pacers played awful. Sucha bummer. Next game
"Lamont, Lamont!" Duh,duh,duh, duh....duhduhduhduhduhduhduh duh duh duh. Like an episode of sanford and son
sure. wanna grab lunch at beezzee? Euro cafe at Sheffield and Diversey?
Now would be a nice time for Alf's first homer.
always do it!
Can't wait! RT : One week until the Market Square Farmer's Market opens!
Daniel O'Donnell: Teaching Our Children Not to Follow Romney's Example: Our schools must help children learn tolerance and respect fo...
Today was exactly what the doctor ordered. I'm so lucky to have finally found such a solid group of friends. <3
Yuna has the most beautiful voice..
yes...and u?...That is, you have a boyfriend?
Prop 8 goes down! The sun is shining, and love prevails over hate, at least for now.
Web-conferencing with other academic librarians across the state to talk about electronic theses & dissertations.
Aw! Look who just woke up and lifted his head out of the puddle of drool.
Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right?
I completely uncontrollably love my friends
After they left Colt McCoy out to dry, Cleveland is hoping Brandon Weeden can succeed with Greg Little as his top target. Good luck.
Mad Men, Suits, Breaking Bad, Newsroom, Veep, and Girls
Remember ladies, the knight with the shiniest armour has done the least amount of brave or cool shit.
too bad you're not available to join, at least mich will join us tomorrow. funny we usually drink instead of gym :( lol
so chatty she is :)
Hahahahaha! I think I can order some online. If not, I'll let you know.
who woulda thought & hooked on after I heard them 1st in ireland?!
Am at the ALA Virtual Town Hall 2011- v. smooth so far; great job guys!
I need to just give up
just got my bib number - 4925! - here I come!
Live everyday in remembrance of what He did for us on the cross Live all your life victorious of what He did in us through the resurrection
Just took some Spark and now its workout time!
that sounds good to me!!!! wassup bruh??? U aint bring me no shot for yo birthday no way. I think food wil suffice
Our next show is at Club Diesel in Pittsburgh on Friday 11/18/11! DOORS OPEN AT 4. Come check it out!
What a boring day.....
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem 2 care what we want ~ Richelle Mead
Scandal is amazing! So happy it was renewed.
Bring the cups baby I can bring the drank, bring your body baby I can bring you fame.
EVERYONE WEAR PINK FOR JAELYN TOMORROW . <3
• WCSD continues to keep its budget process open and transparent
I love Fridays. People are in a good mood and you can approach new people easier on Friday.
So I need to know where my peeps are at! I'm in Hall 5 waiting for B. Thurston. Who's here?
Chilling at Champps with Kelly <U+E415><U+E415><U+E418>
Love how my beats put amber to sleep lol.
It's time for bed. I just got out my bath and i'm pissed I cant reach the bottom of my belly 2 apply this strech mark cream on.
Adam is down!! #BB13 #CBSBigBrother Everybody say it with me 'SHOCKER'!!
BARDEUX !!! I NEED YOU SO MUCH WORK !! LOL
Any recommendations for hotels in Paris and Bordeaux? No spam please, just genuine responses.
My little sister has started reading my book report book......before I have.
I think there are too many marketing positions, it kills innovation and slows down action
Did lil girl jeffin her ass off
Good times guys!
So Chicago...guess we'll see!
Why is shipping $12 for a $16 book? Want to replace a lost Blurb title but can't justify huge shipping fee again. :-(
lol its still a long drive
At USC, afraid of getting run over by one of the thousands of bikes here.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
Thanks for passing on all the deals!!
just drove through there last night on our way home to Nashville! and we got our pet pig from kentucky :)
Chillin' in Ramona, CA for Matt's 22nd birthday!! That means I finally get CAKE!! YAYYY!!
The paranormal moment when you've been sitting down for so long, that when you get up, you feel like a manikin... o_o
Very Cool! --> says will make a special appearance at Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base 11:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m. May 12th
Really appreciate your mentions, RTs & shout outs
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night! Hope you enjoyed the new songs and we'll see you again soon!
Cool! I thought they killed command-option-shift-4 when OS X came out. Better feature with new binding fine w/ me
but does that get docs in board?
97 followers in less than 24 hours. That is pretty cool!
aww babygirl! I bet you're still the prettiest E3 in the world :)
I can't even remember what I said…but it was so southern
Was just wondering when we were guna see the Rodgers Nelson combo
so much more tilting than losing a $500 flip imo
One of my first students.
To burn the calories from a supersized fast food meal you would need to walk for 7 hours. Or there is another option … just not care!
lol which one?
When it comes to jewelry, what color combinations would you like to see together? Be bold, be daring!
Haha just saw on TMZ and was shirtless.
Counting down...9 days until vacation:)
Shout Out To My Bro >> << FOLLOW HIM Get At 800 !
I think there is so many things wrong with me
my birthday is Tuesday can u please mention me in a tweet saying happy birthday and i love u lmaooooooooo
HOW ARE U? AVRIL
OMG DIED
...Guess I was giving off librarian vibes. Or they felt comfortable asking a girl that looked their age instead of the older male librarian.
That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up
One very high grade example sold for $4400 last year.
Gearing up for a Back to School Concert on Friday and the "Target 500" Back to School Supplies Giveaway on Sunday.
ha...far far from it sweets
Babe is crazy as ever. I will never give up tap water, but I gotta say the new Brita filter on Lau 3 is bomb
Sup Nique! How have you been?
don't bitch that people don't like you because your not being nice to the people you call friends.
Discovery Science training tomorrow, next year is going to be AWESOME!
My mommys sick..
Congrats to one of my best friends on signing with the #NewYorkKnicks. Very happy for you brother, go get it!
Only 152 more words I have to write for my persuasive paper...I can do this
Today's tip: Keep a food diary. This will help you understand your eating habits and identify areas where you can improve. Have a great day!
anyone doing anything cool in Boulder tonight?
Heard a crazy rumor that got a library job today...congrats!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue #4th fl. NYC. Class $20.
Thanks for posting!Lots of exciting things happening soon w/ our community partners at the #MLK development
that was a big ass thump from that crotch kick
Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes
How different life would be if we didn't think in terms of dollars and cents.
Damn I always wake up late for Greco weigh ins.
Yes! stroke recovery was a fav part of my prac & I got very excited demonstrating how SLPs facilitate improvement. loved it
Everyone gets a DM after participating. We will draw from the participants on Monday & will announce if you are a winner!
#3WordsForYou I. Hate. You. (:
Welcome to Fun with Flying at Logan... have fun on Nantucket this weekend!
hOW MINDLESS ARE YOU .....send us a Picture of you being Mindless and we will pick a Winner !!!!!!!
I've been avoiding Prezi even though I've had an account forever. I successfully made one today, including images and links! Go me!
- nice congrats on the move! how r u doing?
Captain's Yacht disembarking!
For Bocce, a Bit of a Crescendo in New York In New York, bocce has been embraced by a new generation of players from hipsters in Brooklyn
Anyone know a Zumba instructor in the VAB area willing to work an event
LOL I'm not even sure that saying even made sense
sexy avi sister... Meow!
"Emotion is highly overrated in football. My wife Corky is emotional as hell but can't play football worth a damn." - John McKay
that's a pretty good idea for the next brawl! all kinds of doctors though-- Who, No, McDreamy, Ruth, etc.
seats are taken, but crowd is thin right now
Wish you luck Bennett, you'll regret not coming to KY!!!
can an entourage consist of cats
happy birthdayy!(: hope you have a GREAT one !
alskdjwoeirualkdsjfaoaeirw OMG BY WHO?!
love the shot! you were totally in need of a VW van...perfect, Mo. :)
“: Facebook was cool until all my notifications became event invites.” exactly for non sense events usually lol
I'll text you
haha. nothing? austin im almost donw making your video!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so excited
Why do people have to make a simple task hard
thx 4 the RT...walking on clouds right about now
So much to do and so little time to do it
Rain poncho?
I must say, I'm really loving the new show Hell on Wheels on
HILARIOUS! Auto correct is my worst enema.
Waiting at the post office. Longest line ever...
Awesome night with family.
Tomorrow night kicks off the Eischens Yoga trial classes at 7:30pm! Can't make it? Come to our other trial class 8:00am Thursday!
Why does everyone think that marq was robbed? Pac was the aggressive fighter!
RT “: ITS ON TONIGHT EVERYONES RUNNING "SINGLE" ITS TIME 2PARTY IT UP COME GET YOUR DRINK ON PPL IN SAN ANTONIO!!
Quality time with loved ones makes me happy!
I only listen to Wizzle Man >>>>
I enjoy my life at home as much as I enjoy vacations we create our own world
Hahaha yeah!! I'm like freaking out now lol X)
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
LOL! Not sure who needs the support more: my #CSU Rams or our #UNLVMBB team. Still undecided on green or red.
The Eastern Europeans still have to start from somewhere ;)
im going on so many trips in 2012!!
Best active recovery for extremely sore quads from sprints?
We are about to start a rolling marathon.
Off to list in Brownsburg
Welcome to Baltimore!
Hey everyone! We're selling sweatshirts in Kimmel until 8:30pm. Not many left, so get 'em while you can!
yeah it is making me sleepy
She is so funny, kind, and genuine. Love her even more now.
yeah we could!
Reading your tweets from yesterday, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I liked Jackie O's retrospective! I found it interesting!
Spanish Village on Almeda. I've been a regular there since birth. Was there Saturday for a family celebration.
Great. The one week I draw the pole I get Jeff Gordon who hasnt won from the pole in 5 years.
woo pig sooey?
Trying to get a screen shot from Google Maps street view, but there's a UPS truck in the way. Clicked refresh 5x, but it didn't drive away.
stupid . so much . nialler is perfect for me yknow
are you going back to your solo stuff since you're not in HMO anymore?
what happened to your fb???
D.C. Zine Fest was fantastic and netted some cash for new stock. Submit your zines for distro consideration!
How would you feel if I told ya you ain't worth the trouble
Was The Car Rose And Jack Had Sex In Really On The Titanic? [Video]
Great company and great collections tonight
She never accepts responsibility for anything. She claims if we recorded our conversations I'd be mortified but if anyone else saw the way
What is really the value in learning about history, I wonder?
Eleanor Roosevelt kept busy with the "Over the Coffee Cups" radio show in 1941. "Get More Out of Life with Coffee."
I thought that might be the case---as a chaplain myself, I always watch out for my peeps!
What if I'm texting something/someone important? You never know.
Future bash bros and KP3 #BEARDOWN thanks for the in game tweets
RT : Romney's best answer in weeks...
like drake say over my dead body refuse to give up on life
for Rob Kasper book party.
Go tell him Arlo is hard to hear on TV.
knows all about getting #internships as a #student. Let her help you! Bring Lauren Berger to speak at your
ridin with a hoe named lisa eatin on pizza
Good morning. You are loved.
agreed! Fitness robots!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
A Lot of ppl talk about being about money but when it comes all down to it its all talk.. Grind hard or die of hunger..
Hi and thanks for the mention :) Interesting tweets, I can get quick updates fast ~ Tammie
Lopez: "The whole time I just kept saying over & over, 'Mommy loves you & I'll do anything for you if you fight, if you stay here with us.'"
and literally just killed it!! Well done ma girls!! :)
People don't like my honesty. Grow up you fucks.
That was a pretty good nap ! = ))
Out of school....boring and shitty day
The Texas Tech bookstore promotes drinking apparently by saying selling your books back can get you beer. hahahaha
Filming some Liposonix treatments right now. Will post the videos later!
Tomorrow night!!! Club 212 Bunny Bash with DJ Smoke n DJ QBall
Another puppeteer! =) We had do a puppetry demonstration / workshop at BCB this year.
Tonight the play the #knicks at Bradley Center! Who's gonna win?!
#SBVillage: Turf goin up, zipping in construction, stages unfolding, fireice lounges being installed, media hub in St. John's comin along!
I be tweaking man. But fuck it you only have 1 life to tweak.
Dare you to add 'Go Packers' to your book's metadata, via 's new Atlas publishing platform...
"This "The Dictator" movie looks like it'll be really funny"-- Braindead Retards
Dear god. We're not worthy!
Great weekend w/ parents & aunt in DC. (Also Austria, Czech Republic, Spain, Slovakia & Hungary for #EUOpenHouse!) Now 1 more day of thesis!
Without struggle there's no accomplishment... Handouts are for people who don't know what grinding is all about...
#INNW is the official hashtag of the Digital Media Conference () in Seattle, WA! It's a digital world! Join in!
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart. Scott Adams
I officially have no one left in my bracket
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. First one. Thx
Stoked for ...his single got added to reg rotation at two radio rations
When people say "no" - God can still say "YES"! :)
Apple Store: you have done good by me. I want to kiss you all RIGHT ON THE LIPS
Thanks so much!! We really appreciate it. You keep in touch as well :)
I flew everywhere with love inside of me..
Oohh... Is there a link to an example?
That awkward moment when you've been asked a question in a meeting and you didn't hear it because you were staring at a huge booger...
nawww i don't encourage drinking with my kids.
Wow! That's awful...thanks for sharing your horror story...We would never let that happen in our dental practice
Keep an eye on #Akwasi_Frimpong's #youtube channel. Next week a short film on him will be launched called "The Long Distance Sprinter".
You're most welcome. Your name was too good to pass by.
is a huge influence on our music..most real artist out right now hands down
almost time!
I hate hatred
haha, of course. I actually have all of Mika's albums.
need to raise the points?
thanks for the audio lesson do you have the notes for Financial Peace For The EntreLeader
Education is the road to human progress and the means through which every man, woman and child can realize his or her full potential...
#youknowuwinning When the world is my lobster.
C'mon Hoosiers, you know the answer! RT Question: From what illness did President Harrison pass away? Tweet using
I'm posting the show as soon as I find a good screen shot of the both of us. We made crazy faces.
wear nuetral colors+pink. Wait...
9,000 pages of UFO-related papers and parliamentary questions recorded by Britain's Ministry of Defence (MoD) from 1985 to 2007 released!
love my baby <3
i tell people about it, but am i really letting it out?
thanks for the RT
YOU CAN FUCK RIGHT THE FUCK OFF
He is we concert! YAAAAAAAAY!!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<333
another good selection but TV personalities are hugely influential.
Yup. People are in more of a hurry and are more selfish and don't care who they put in danger in the meantime.
Can you say early DOMINATION!?!?
Well, these were the good times y'all
it's the Contraband
Ha! Maybe!
“ Nobody's perfect... that don't mean make da same mistakes over in over though”
IF starters can go deep. Bullpens getting eaten alive.
---> RT : yes! id take it even further and say mass incarceration is bad policy period!
I get it all the time!
I wish some people saw what they had before it's to late.
thats so nice :)))
you have a blessed day as well!
fully agree social studies, social skills, how the stu fits into a historical and social context
The biggest brains in PDX are arriving for Pub Quiz.
why is that when i txt someone they take efing forever to txt back is it because its th morning????????
swing past the office next time you're in the neighborhood. We'll give you the tour
45 minutes til showtime! Unblurred Pittsburgh, at the Glassworks on Penn Ave (east liberty). Free show and cool glass-making and glass-art
need sleep
Because is the reason I'm still a fan and will always bleed Dodger blue.
The guy on the left might actually change my feelings toward contrast collars. Classy. And the angled clip? Pro.
i reply,sorry its hard too see dm here ..ryt now..i have bad conection..
Just keep it close Clippers.
its the truth most people cant see past the outside
“: Omg f this rain! <U+E04B>” stop crying lil girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Notice now #Espn had the #Giants 9th in the power Rankings,They were way off because we #1 .
so sad, i guess
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards. - Keith Richards
I do miss my mohawk.. Or at least the front part of it.
He did Not deserve to lose his life no matter what he was wearing ..A father just lost a Son. Mother just lost a Son
From Kyle Andree & Emma Norton #happyeaster everybody!
": down!" Aren't you going on your date with ?
I heard my downstairs neighbor's furnace running this morning. Really, dude? I slept w/a window open last night & it's gonna be 80 2day!
I really wish I had a life.
oh yeah and and other famous followed me !
WE HAVE PROBLEMS arghhhh omg yes
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 14
for lunch today. Honestly, way better than The Melt
yeah girl. And since 8
This could be the end of Jonathan Vilma's career as a starter. He'll be 31 the next time he steps on a football field.
64 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away #FREE design consultations!
But I understand now, it's always gonna be my fault at the end of the day.
At the mall with & galindo
Happy Mother's Day to you, Kathy!
In your buns tho! Typical Patriots & Memphis fan! SMH! RT : Just had a great work-out...i can feel it in my *buns* lol
Post your tickets on Antengo and easily reach thousands of local users in seconds! It's free, check it out!
I believe it, but I refuse to.
I HAVE TO VACUUM AT LIGHTING SPEED BEFORE MY MOM GETS HOME. CYA.
Looking forward to today's #HAchat regarding what you love about blogging and reading blogs. Feel free to chime in - starts at 3pm!
Wow! I would love to live there. I live in Vegas far from peaceful. Lol (:
And so it begins, the beginning of the end =( I'm seriously gonna ball my eyes out #OTH it's been a good 9 seasons!!
sounds good. is cabin in the woods next weekend?
well I say duh, because she didn't write that song.
Thought we was good but you unfollowed:( #BYE(:
thanks so much!!!
Make this money.
TOTES TRUE.
Session for #AAR = crash course on these translations, Twitter, op-eds, TV, everything - ?
Second half was wonderful to watch. Wish the first had been as exciting.
There are TWO rules for ultimate success in poker: 1. Never tell everything you know.....
Heyy Nate! Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
Just started following someone who is trying to create a "virtual forest of Elms" by following every Elms on Twitter.
I have no idea what you are talking about... (cc: )
I know, but I don't own Blade and I'm all out of pot.
For more detailed accounts of #StirOSU, search the hashtag on Twitter! Keep on Stirring it up!
you're welcome. I'll check it out when it's ready.
How in the mother fuck should we have known that bullshit, all good doe
How well do you know your own mind? Do you explore it's creative potential daily? Do something Creative today just for the FUN of it!
I just use the Twitter app. Best one I have used
If this continues to be a back and forth game, advantage North Carolina.
Follow doing BIg Things
ugh. living alone is way better than roommates except in the middle of the night
She literally has sunshine coming out of he a$$! haha still makes me laugh
Im retired. I was tired yesterday and im tired again today.
You and Saussure.
trust me, i know. #kidding #loveyou hah
dude you're dumb as _______ same sex marriage is no debate #JustSayin it's retarded and I'm callin ur man out lol
So Tony Mecurio is finally going to be off the radio!!
At spooky empire at the celebrity poker tournament
#ff my brother he's a cool cat
I hate the heats also I'm a true Bulls fan
lol yeah I guess it is! But other account is better to me! I want a lot of followers! N this account I wanna follow! Haha
this screams #whosmoresheboygan. Or maybe it's time for a new segment: Who's More Caledonia?
Tennessee's "gateway to sexual activity" is a joke! What fools they are!
And the florida talks begins <<<<<
Summer 2012= the summer of ugly selfies.
My nap isn't going well with the pusy cats plus I need to make sure I hear the knock from tv repair man. I needs butler
It's called TRINGLED. A Darchuk/Lewallen Production. Just ready to lock picture. Then give us six weeks and we'll be out there.
no i am talking about all of baseball not just the yankees
We are all a single decision away from being in the best shape of our lives. MindFirstFitness.
Woke up to this question in my mentions. Reminds me of NASCAR on Feb. 19, 2001. RT : Do you think the NFL will be around in 10 years?
Burlesquing! Come see my show on December 11th if you're not sitting through 546 screenings.
DO NOT SEND ME SHIT LIKE TH S!!! i KNOW ITS A SCAM!!!
We're off to the National Press 53 Party! Continue on here with the fun. We'll return later.
and then I heard the lady say Justin told everyone to listen to this song and now it's at
The King!!! Great song choice :)
21st century babysitting: Justin Bieber movie, popcorn, bedtime. aw yea
Image uploading is fixed! Make DC Wiki pretty with images to your heart's content now =)
Things like that would happen to me.
Just woke up from a nap.... I think. Trying to figure out how I even got to bed to knock out do 3hours! WTF.
the second set of missing babies this week that I know.
“ if I start to snore please shake me.
#bestfriendforlife would go get that tat with me YA ASS
how's the pornstar thing coming?
Heading to Devil's Alley tonight because I want a burger. Anyone who wants to come out and have a drink with me for my Birthday text me.
yes we do need to meet this time. I was in your Signals session but had to leave right at 4:30. Nice job!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst with money movement experience. Long term contract. let me know if you or anyone in your network is in…
Sunset-y.
I know right(: <33 he can make ANYBODY smile(: <3
Oh wait.. shoot. I registered for class on 24th, & just realized ur actually probs talking about one on 23rd?
Why can nothing stay a secret!
you're going to the game, right?
Hey thanks for that RT! I agree, we should all eat more chocolate. I'm eating chocolate covered almonds right now!
"Oh, that's adorable." - Chip Kelly #GoDucks RT 11,802 at #uwhuskies' spring game today at CenturyLink Field.
Lmao call me retarted but I'm just tryna do the right thing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I half expected that to be a picture of a thick, hairy dick...
Highlights Magazine. Sign me up.
Well then. You'll make a lot of impatient friends happy tonight, I guess. LOL
Learning never exhausts the mind ~ Leonardo da Vinci
"Chicago’s neighborhoods have always been the city’s greatest strength." Jane Byrne
i gotta pee too .
If this gets 10 rts, I will post a picture of me (: so get to retweeting. Hahah
Another weekend of doing nothing...
The awkward moment the elevator smells like abercrombie and cigarettes. :/
Your welcome :)
Are you getting a new P.O box?(:
Boys do not like showin their emotions...
I CANT SLEEP ill try to
who's still at school? o:
Whole bunch of people graduating. & with undergrads & with his Masters. Congrats to all!
Old man, if your gonna complain about "stupid brat kids" that go to school here get your fat ass off campus. Drive a bus somewhere else!
Now I remember why I love baseball: the color commentary from the fans in the stands.
T3.1: All women want to be mothers. #myth Pregnancy is no big deal.
Sweet victory at
my best to him on such a happy day.
ok #HAPPYHOLIDAYS have a nice and #MerryChristmasEVE to all and ill be back later
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Information Session last night! Together we WILL improve the lives of Baltimore's foster kids!
I miss playing #CrashBandicoot; I started playing it again right before I left.
thanks hun. How are u? Life is great : )
oh I see. Isn't the "ave Maria" catholic?
Why are they called 'Jolly Ranchers'? Who said that the ranchers were jolly?
Great, thanx :) And how are u?
Klout thinks I'm influential about "Pope," not THE Pope, just Pope. And no doubt this tweet will verify that… Pope Pope Pope!
10 Things I Hate About You Soundtrack represent!!
also, anniversaries call for celebration! I'm sure there'll be lots of opportunities at
Time for some to watch the WHL Hockey finals! Oh and the Lakers!
#LAKERSNATION we got this... time to steal a game!!!
What's making you guys unfollow me?
Depends on what state you're in. Texas: will, bureaucratic states in Yankeeland: living trusts.
Not the prettiest Cinco de Mayo, but at least the rain is done. Warm up with some hot salsa from or
DJs, have you been to an awesome concert this break? Or, have you listened to a really good album!? You should write a review for our blog!!
FYI mp3 is available for download on houstonflashmob.com
You're only happy when it stains-! Sorry-couldn't resist Katie:D (at least MKE or even a Madison show - Butch V hometown-!)
Happy Early Birthday!
A whale exploded in taiwan
I can't get over how awesome last night and this morning were.
After b2b #hockey games I am happy to be staying up way too late doing absolutely nothing. Sometimes nights in alone are needed.
Many thanks responding and tolerating me. Looking forward to your piece on
24 hours away.
well well well, welcome to the tweet game ! Follow this scholarly gentleman my friends!
Ah....just enjoying an "everything" cookie with some ice cold milk! YUM!!
:o Can I join you?! That's perfect! <3
quality save tonight
Real ppl are hard to find
Oh this is getting ugly
psssssssst... Hey, buddy... We can get you some scrapple...
I'm not good at it...but I love playing Words With Friends. I'm sure there's a metaphor there.
The Cloud of human representatives too heavy fell in the yet killing departure of the decimal.
thanks for following me.
in honor of watching deatproof, #THATISALL ;P
I feel like I'm the only black person looking at any of these sites. Full-disclosure: I'm not part of the hip-hop generation or whatever.
Thanks to Paula's cat. Love the name! RT My cat Luigi wishes that your life may be a ball with a bell in it.
...dazzled by the light, fried and melting from the heat...
Ok twitter im sorry you know I love you<3
Completely demotivated today.
Would you like us to fedex one to you on the road?
Rap single feat. Cypher in the works
New Montgomery and Mission today, 11:30-2pm. Running a new Kale pie with green garlic, spring onion, mozz, EVOO
Happy hour with Vonda Brown... No better way to end a Tuesday!
it's the right knee.
love it
Got to sit on the stage while NSN played! Awesome night, got to meet Hayden and Taylor! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Heyy every body UNFOLLOW ME #ASAP NOW and follow new twitter
Hey! Today of all days is a FREE coworking day at NextSpace SJ! Join us today because... come on... Working Alone SUCKS!
ur welcome beauty is always suppose to b recognize
#IWish I could kill the Chinese language. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
People who text me and start conversations then take forever to reply ANNOY me!
My birthday is in 12 days. Goodness time flys!
Wow... it was a tornado on the sun...smh
It's already been 2 days. Since I smoked a cigarette. :D.
good night lover
didn't think it couldn't happen but in this shortened season, Spurs get 50 WINS again!
The world will not end if he doesn’t like you back. You will get over him Promise.
Took the top off the Jeep today. Fun times, but paying for it now with a sunburn.
Hi! I didn't know anything about that party
No, just ocasionally. You got lucky :P
Call me on FaceTime ! Or Skype ! Bored
my mom not letting me cum again, im really mad and so done. She like nato this n nato that. Can i meet u sumwhere to giv u
Ben:"have u ever played Hey Cow"? Courtney;"have U been listening to me talk to the other girls?
7-16-83 Dome W interference f Bundy/Sawyer, Reed pins JYD to win title. Classic feud begun. Reed great MS heel
im not following but I still se his tweets on my timeline?
Listening to some swing Jazz sounds good, love the stand up Bass.
haha back on the tweet game
NO STRINGS ATTACHED! RT Someone give me a cute love movie to watch?
Congrats to on his engagement yesterday. Happy for ya man.
My attitude is fuck it.
Get your Portland State Football Season tickets today as they play in the newly renovated Jeld-Wen Field (Formerly known as PGE Park).
Getting a little frustrated that my doctors and home care nurses aren't communicating.
Sometimes my I.Q. goes from 165 to about 14 when there's a hot girl around.
yikes! That's crazy
I'm not complaining that they're always away from home. I just find it ironic that last year they here all the time and now they're not.
PREACH IT! ( ._.)/ RT fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
About to see speak at Memorial Union. It's a good day. Forgot to wear my I <3 Uranus shirt.
FANNY PAK BETTER LEAVE
Do you believe in what you can't see?
our last day is the 20th i think . next tuesday .
And it's now 9-8... Which is why it should have STAYED split screen
right now!
you and your dog are so cute.!
hope ur having a great day!!! could i get a follow back from u??? i would like to know more about choose 180
happy dilemma: I gave a lady a free (no charge) initial consultation yesterday - she sent me money anyway via paypal - oh no - what to do?
RT“: RT Ron Paul leads Rick Perry, 9 votes to 4. I'm having flashbacks to Alabama-LSU”-hahaha nice!
Hey make sure your band or your friends band loads a video to the site, I've check and you haven't yet! For shame! lol
Fuck I don't want to study.
awe thank you so much, love!!! means alot, glad you liked it ((:
Coffee to keep up w/ the little one! Geez!
Devonte need to hurry up & call me back
thnxs for the follow
I got nothing but love for you
Wait I lied it's 3 more.
I may or may now be playing Pokemon Gold right now thanks to you finding that on
Good Morning..:)
Glazed tiles are made the same way that unglazed are, except that a glass wear layer, or glaze, is applied.
baby you light my world like nobody else <U+266A>
If only we worked like God, and when apologized to, we forgot about it.
OUS dont want a prez, they want a puppet RT Who would want to be the next pres after seeing how they treated #Lariviere?
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible"
Papandreou & Berlusconi dumped. But what of Merkel & Sarkozy who came up with a completely idiotic "comprehensive solution" just 2 weeks ago
They make some great machines.
New Raustiala/Sprigman post on Freakonomics about the copyright lawsuit against the Beastie Boys, for stuff they sampled a...
my bad G, things have been over the top since I last spoke to you. Projects falling off and new projects coming in. What's good?
yesir my boy!!
I'd personally rather see #ElizabethWarren Nude than
Yes. It's vile to accuse someone of being a racist. Physical wounds heal faster than damage to ones reputation.
Happy hour. At the Radio Room. Cool patio. 11th and Alberta NE. Could this be a new haunt?
so ur gorgeous
Somebody should a doll and buy me Tank new cd
Saturday 81 degrees Sunday 83 degrees. Can't wait for Vegas!!
Thank you! It was awesome!!
Kinderfgarten? German... LOL! Good for you!
I truly appreciate your support regardless if you were there or not. Thank you so much.
It's #cnnheroes not @#cnnheros. Remember the "e" guys!!!
I may be the only guy in the world that likes talking about my feelings
Hey Carly, follow me maybe?
.. do u have a kik? Its a texting app
I'm Not About To Keep On Playing With You.
I thought Austins 'big announcment' was gonna be something better but I'm still happy for the mahomies who'll get to see him again
hah I can tell! He was good in Inglorious Basterds too don't forget!! I think I'm going to dl his recent on "shame"
how about some more comfortable chairs? uff da.
josh just told me that the hannah girl deleted her twitter i guess
Ha. "Pardon, there was a cat" is going to be my new explanation for everything. And yes! That was 1 of mine too. Thanks!
thanks, I may have to take you up on that. Will have a lot to figure out within the first few weeks!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I think I have a huge crush on c:
yeah. Have you? started his climbing rampage today. He's a very good climber.
thanks for the following reccomendations! they help <3
wow...Metta World Peace is still being mean on the court...like always...he's still being a ...
#jdy2012 live tweeting dinner w
On a plane getting ready for take-off, catching up on Twitter & feeling very motivated - even w losing 1 hr-this is gonna be a good wk!
And all the while my dept chair is calling and texting me.
Just made "cream cheese, honey & soy crostini" and "pasta with peas & ricotta!" Thanks for the recipes :)
”It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -Albert Einstein
Thank you, Terry. It was a pleasure talking to you this morning. Thank you for a great event.
Thanks for the scholarships to your top 200 camp names coming soon you no who you are thanks 5star rl9.
Chinese lady handed me red envelope at the y # sweet
Playing Art Calendar PLINKO at the SCAD Art Materials Tradeshow. Very fun!
« They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our drone back. With just a knife.»
Time to invest in diapers and antibiotics.
So mad right now! I'm so done!
What is Santa Monica the patron saint of anyway?
let us know how we can help! Thnks
I agree. If #Bills are 2-6, VY = the guy. I, however, hope they aren't 2-6. That's what I meant by last series of tweets.
Why waste time hating people for having the things you want? Appreciate the things you have and SHUT THE FUCK UP.
I always doubt the wisdom of a major corp trying to get me to go to *someone else's* website
Thats not even just a Central sayin
nah I'm in school right now
As the corporate world turns... Early AM suit clad photos dress the day!
I'm very sorry for your loss
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about $6 Liters and great college football.
Loved your use of the word "triathletic"!
what pedals do you use on listen to your love? They sound perfect!
RT : #DIDYOUKNOW People who own #pets live longer, have less #stress, and have fewer heart attacks
Whats up fort worth happy new years stay safe its alot of haters..
Things are starting to look up!
That Meek Mill drop yet?
watsup shoot me a text....four one two..four five two....two seven zero four..
It's sunday night and I'm at work but I want to be home with my wife.
Hey Vermes, maybe you need to stop blaming the ref and start taking responsibility for failing to adapt. Everyone has the teams number.
As someone who does post openings, I would say both.
JD Souther, not quite the new kid on the block, sings his New Kid in Town at
I could be there by 9 tonight. Or sometime this weekend?!
Hey UNM students! Comedy? has a booth by the duck pond until 2pm this afternoon. You can enter to win tickets to our show tomorrow night
Uni Virgin? Try the Santa Barbara Sea Urchin; it's slightly sweet, oh so smooth, and is served as sushi or on our Angus Tenderloin...
Wow... Only 500 words for ALL elections. ;o) I look forward to reading/hearing her thoughts though...
I love ssbbws because they are more aggressive in fucking
im getting old , welps ready to head to KC .
You're one in a million once in a lifetime. You made me discover why there's stars above us.
We could play house
Just a few more days to take advantage of our Holiday Membership specials! Great savings.
I just can't help it if bugs me. Listen, double-spacing after end-of-sentence punctuation is over! Ya hear? Over!
I was wiped out after our Napa adventures but I'm sad to have missed it! When you're my age, you'll understand. Haha. :)
Went to the Smithsonian to see a exhibit on Slavery/President Jefferson's Monticello titled paradox of liberty. The mood was somber & quiet
New discovery..My sandless sandbags work great as a metered watering system for organic gardening. The bags seep moisture continuously
Hoping he'll stay away from "No Holds Bard"
Had a Great Night! Hopefully this stomach flu goes away! Oh and no longer #Single ;)
Isn't Wisconsin weather fun? Celebrate it by watching #OutdoorWisconsin tonight at 8 on MPTV 10.
Easter Paloma tasting: What I thought was the cab was actually the 09 Merlot.
Vin Scully will miss today's Dodgers game because of a cold. It's the second home opener he's missed during his 63 seasons with the Dodgers.
know lambda and tuning forks and then like frequency for sound and light and know how to find color by solving for lambda thing
wine #bought local radio station #loud night #young fiesta #ahora!
We've released a NEW build of ripple.com today at 12:21pm PST! Go enjoy new features, bug fixes, etc. Private sharing, one day at a time!
Too steep for me with no time for NFL this year. But the radio ads told me you could get it over the internets.
You can't easily commute in the middle of a 40hr train ride. Lots of off-duty employees receiving room and board.
I don't watch much bb anymore but try to catch this game. Reminds me of ACC intensity during 70's and 80's...
it was amazing! u need to watch it!! I highly recommend it! so funny!
Why are privacy policies in the school setting rare?
Hate when my girlfriend falls asleep
Just picked up "Guilt By Association" by Marcia Clark. J. Ellroy cover blurb: "You must read this book." Can't say no to that
My Prayers go out to the Families of the victims of this Horrible Tragedy of the 8.9 Quake and Huge Tsunami hitting Japan just an hr ago.
well WVU never gets 4 or 5 star recruits, so if I was a WVU fan I probably wouldn't retweet anything either.
Choose a whole wheat tortilla for your burrito to get more nutritional value out of your meal.
happy birthday :)
Tickets for #MWUX12 go on sale at HIGH NOON today (ET). Be one of the first 50 to get early-bird pricing. -...
Today’s African Proverb (5.7.12) The clan of “I will do it” was overtaken without having done it. (Kenya) Like Unlike
Thank you for getting me hooked on sushi. I now crave it nearly every single day.
I'm puttin the rubber boots on the bs is getting thick on this mf
Planning out my first collection. You're gonna LOVE it.
#kids A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More: A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 4:00 PM First United Methodist Church...
le waits for Alex to tweet an emotional tweet. ~
um, whatever you say...
Chapter 2012 Page 62 of 366 Thankful for divine intervention. Some business issues require a higher power
When. People. Type. Like. This. The. Voice. Inside. My. Head. Takes. Pauses.
Oh so it's that kinda party ?
75% of what I read on NYTimes is 538, which I tend to access through rss. I wonder if they have a twitter feed instead.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
Awww...that's sweet. Thank you Michael!
If you only knew
Won't see anybody for a long time...months...I'm in a boarding school...goodbye
then I must feel invisible
show some love show sum luvvv
If u follow us, ur an O's fan. It should be YOUR personal mission to help us #packtheyard. Recruit. Spread the word. Make a difference.
Wow he went from HC (supposed O mastermind). To coaching DBs in a year... The mighty fall fast and hard
My four yr old niece is vacuuming all by herself. Ten mins ago, she was helping me foil my moms hair.
how much they runnin this year? and i cant wait to buy mine, just lets you know the season is near
o-mi-gawddd time to WERK out! F human metabolisms!
Why thank you!
Go figure ... more PR's tonight!
is finally single. Now I can find her a nice boy and hook them up and my matchmaking will be back in business :D
Really who the hell cares what the media says you should know by now they full of shit
Your FB account must be private. Because your albums tell the story...
Tha ONLY thing I'm rooting for is hits to both QB's. May they both get pummeled and end in a tie.
Old man told me to check ripeness of watermelon by standing on it. If it breaks, it's ripe. WHAT THE HELL?
none of them. “: What's the best ad so far? #SB46”
Basically I hate long days like this
Still think the #celtics win this game by 10 for some reason. Don't ask me why
Send it to me, bro.
What the fuck
RT : Street Fair on Broadway!!
#thatakwardmoment when you scrolling down on your iPhone on Facebook and you randomly like someone status\photo and you barely know them.
Still want to find some more arm circuits though
I will, he is about a block away from our HQ! will be in tomorrow with it to talk to him.
In early pages of THE TWO DEATHS OF DANIEL HAYES by - so far, so good. I've enjoyed all his books.
Today's Question: Which fruit has a variety known as Winter Banana?
Accessible instructional materials for students with disabilities enrolled in UW System or Technical College System bill passes Assembly
when are you guys touring again?!
wait.. you're in Boston? For how long?
When what you are doing isn't working, you tend to do more of the same and with greater intensity
Girl on entire ferry ride had conversation with nobody & no cell phone! When I do it, I at least tell myself to shut up after 5 mins
I hate stressing myself for the unknown.
#HAPPYEASTER to all!
im sorry about that ; it wont happen again; hows ur day goin by the way
“: If you're from Memphis, let's get this started early. LET'S GO GRIZZLIES!!!!!! RT!” Let's get it!!! It's do or die!!!
Keep reading your essay and finding new reasons to love it.
Laugh lol lmao that is funny
Instead of watching the Republican debate tonight, I watched "Beginners." I chose wisely.
Monday Motivation: "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." -Mark Twain #quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
I hope everything is okay for you love. I know what your going through if you wanna talk (: My uncle's funeral is Friday <3
I've not had to look at those stupid (often offensive) Twitter trends in a long while. So much better.
Tried keeping my head up all day..even though i feel like crying right now
You Have A Ustream!?
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news! goo.gl/8pGIe
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt's Get some they are going quick!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
College enrollment gap for 2010 greater than 10 percent: among high school graduates, 74% of women enrolled in college, 63% of men.
#bloodforge looks interesting too.
Someone help this headache go away
Off To Bed. *Turns Off Phone
Taking Haddie to her first baseball game. Come on #Clippers, give her a reason to ring her bell.
u said u wish u could sing like mariah carey
Lets go #Rangers!!!
that's certain event bro
There's a Yolo county in California. I should move there because #yolo... JK
Nothing wrong with a straight up pizza pie. Pies are $8.95 during HH
Kings speech drinking game begins now
I don't know what I want, so don't ask me.
Guess there will be no more procrastinating on my holiday cards now that #comcast outage has left me without interwebz
Just got home
Can 't wait til Twitter is hack proof.
Congrats! Wishing you lots of blue!
One of the most important ways of getting money is the form of direct advertisement method. www.millionwaystomakemoneyonline.com
ugh new york times magazine this week ugh
Simply offensive. RT : Best part about impending summer: time 2 whip out the Bud Light Lime & Miller Chill.
We sold out of vendor space!
Seriously? A freaking snake?
I had em winning, but Purdue deserved it
happy b-day Erica!
Last season's 1st no-no was against the #WhiteSox, Liriano of the #Twins on May 3.
hey Ryan, I head this little rumor that you are following people, so what about me?:) Love ya Ry<3
Making a hall pass
At work #BORED as fuck.
"It's 420, we should start smoking ...these ribs so that they're ready in time for the community BBQ."
Countdown till the 12th
I am so excited to see in LA!
A project for work, how are you? Culture concepts is looking good.
um so brantley gilbert is performing on july 14th, you and i have to go
Pisses me off when guys don't have common courtesy.
You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes...and by try i mean hold people at gun point, you get what you need
Classinthecity.com launches (softly) in just a few hours! Suggestions happily accepted over the next week for how to better the blog!
Welcome to Twitter stud;)
nice. It will be warm here but it has also been pouring.
Beautiful day and I'm going to school
18 days and I graduate college. Yea boi!!
4-2 #dodgers. #pirates put in new pitcher.
it's okay we cool
Office Depot Hits Estimates in Solid Quarter
It may just be me, but it seems that something is really bothering Tosca.
The moment when you walk into the wrong restroom.
get older friends
listening to music, hbu?(:
I forgot to mention that the $.98 price is for the paperback. Can't beat the #novel's #markdown!
thanks boo!!! <3
oh, absolutely. And then a reliever can get one by throwing one inning, or even one pitch
join showchoir they said. It'll be fun, they said.
Just got word that Baltimore City's newly created open-data platform is almost ready for beta! More details VERY soon!
Club Nikki open Vodka Bar tonight from 1030 til 12. LA's DJ Sourmilk is spinning on the ones and twos. Hit me up!
'08! “: When starts playing Burning Up by the J-Bros >>> #throwback”
hey you there
Its my time! About to prove why I call myself Future of Music :)
Lets see a hat trick tonight against the Hawks!
Winky the cat helping again in the art studio... paint brushes are delicious
big things happening with in the near future!
What is wrong with people??
First time since start I've woken up to a gigantic bruise on top of my foot. Doing it wrong, or finally getting it right?? Haha
world premiere!!!!
hey thanks for following back... :)
I hope you can recover from this injury and be back next season
Did you know? - When you buy from a family owned local business 40%-60% stays in the community.
Starting a new side project today that hinges a major piece of functionality on x-direction scrolling. Cool or awful?
RT : Library Data Geeks! Anybody know of any publicly available mappings from LCSH to DB/Wikipedia?
I'm so disgusted with dwade rite now
I'm so sorry about Angel! Feel Better<3
thanks. hand't heard of anyone recruiting just for long snapper
yea I was wondering where u were!
Minnesota History Center tonight!
Got some tasty White Burgs on deck??
Im not to bad, how about you??
Sometimes Facebook confuses me. Stop pulling fast ones on me. k thx.
A little worried about how sick I am, 3 a.m. booty call & I didn't bother to answer.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Taiohae
Good Morning World!!!!
Today is my non belly button b'day. I am a toddler now celebrating 2 years. Walking steady. I am blessed and thankful. Year 3 starts now :-)
Good morning. Only 36 minutes until polls open. Vote ROSS FOR SHERIFF - criminal justice reform, public safety, crime down, money saved.
Angie Hicks from Angie's list starting her talk
Medical Chart Notes : Large brown stool ambulating in the hall.
Any Fab Flea Finds to share with us? Hope you made it.
i honestly don't know lol. But i dye my hair different colors,listen heavy&techno stuff practlically everything,tease hair
Stay tuned. We will be making a number of exciting announcements over the next month.
The walls around your heart may protect you from situations and people, but they close you off from your inner guidance.
Maybe you could be mine again
Awww yeah that was a rough way to go out! Doing well. Really enjoy my job (bonus!) We'll have to catch up sometime
run! comon! the more pints the faster you get!
Hailstorm that came out of nowhere
What a performance by the Badgers. They clicked on all cylinders today.
A moment to say THANK YOU!!! for what u do!
Congrats AAF Oklahoma City D10 Large club of the year!
Just saw the downtown fiction on e news... haha what?
thanks to that clutch homer from Rios. I hope to see more of that.
I'm blasting off to mars and you know I'm not stopping
CELLULITE & CIRCULATION: • dry brushing • Organica Jane's Natural Hand Remedy • Essential Oils of Grapefruit and Cypress • Exercise • Sauna
killed tonight!
how so?
It's awkward when a gay citizen doesn't support marriage equality.. You do have the right to your own opinion, but maybe you're confused :)
Time to take a poll- Who has ever been in an online relationship that turned into a real relationship after you met in person?
Thanks for sharing I love that video you sent me. Have a great workout and a blast at the show tonight!
RT : BRONCHO and will be releasing a brand new BRONCHO music video on Cinco de Mayo! Stay tuned....
lol smart girl
What does the biggest name in HS hoops (Andrew Wiggins) & current 76er Jrue Holiday have in common? Both played vs. St. Ed's in high school
I think Brad needs a haircut! Did he even wash it before the red carpet?
It's #smallbusinesssaturday -- shop local today!
Happy Birthday !! :)
When you dream about work perhaps that is a sign that you are working too much. When will this month end!
shoutouts to u bro. I see u gettin it and that slap contest was hella funny...
I need somebody to save me from this big bad earthquake that is supposed to happen soon!!!?!?!!? :(
Hi, Joey! What's up?
RT@ Mike_Wesely: "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." ~~Leonardo da Vinci. via
I love you...and your beautifulness.
A lovely breakfast at Macy's Coffee House. How mountain hippie chic!
Wow, I tried, but oh well.
Always a good decision!! :) This is the 3rd day I've had eggfast! Lol not healthy at all!!
I NEED TO READ A GOOD FAN FIC! which one is it? Link please? :) xo
has been off the hook since 9pm. Mardi Gras is insane!!!! You rock
Thanks! RT : Best of luck!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 21
and an inaccurate job description for all : "If HR ruled the world ... It would be a better place." ;)
come out and watch the avon drumline perform at the high school today!
Watching Reds pregame show.. They mentioned UK coaches being at game and you could hear lots of cheers in background
bet thhat bro if you know some ppl let me know bro..preciate the luv
Most women want a sensitive man who is also a leader
Open the jars and smell for yourself why we are the best!! Open till 9 no appointment necessary! $5.00 on our pre-rolled joints :)
First snow of the year forecast for the Portland area tonite. Who out there (non-PDX) already has snow on the ground?
sorry Lil I just had to
So true!
": I want a person who comes into my life by accident and stays on purpose."
I was wondering if you would be the one to answer this. :) Thanks, I'm prepping for a Twitter class and looking for examples
Timbers tie 0 - 0 against Columbus. Did we won one point or did we lose 2. Time to evaluate the strategy.
Success is like going to the gym. It's a lot of hard work at first, but in time, its gonna look and feel good #Legoo Get In The Gym!!!!
Great effort!
the internal paradigm is also a barrier. even w/ $ planning and evaluation is restrictive in complex environment.
Definition of insanity - doing the same thing over and over again, while expecting different results.
just incase ur not in school tomorrow can i has ur gym locker combo? lol
That really was a good play though
Do you mean the go go global & makura in Chicago? Very nice
Happy Cinco de Mayo weekend!!
did you get it?
Thanks George Bowers!!
I was sketchy about Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner, but he knocked it out of the park.
i really, really hope you are confessing to being leroy jenkins. that would be amazing :)
Well, It's official. Just had to pay for Gmail. Ran out of space for the second time and don't want to delete anything important.
Waiting to greet as she steps off the and then we'll be flaneurs Mood ring: a perfect Sunday groove.
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice to take the Chance if you want anything to Change.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the drug daily
Interesting stuff, How about WK 3, NYG on the road vs CAR a PK, then WK 12 CAR a 7 point road dog to the Eagles
Altered reality check: bid to take Kony campaign to the streets goes to pot - Sydney Morning Herald
True story RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Goodbye twitter, will miss you a lot more than you imagine :"(
haha not ? Whatever :D I hope it isn't bad that I write to you :) whaddaya doin ?
It is absolute heaven to work in a building with a ... Coffee and Blueberry Scone to celebrate Friday!
Just Woke Up From A Cute Jittle Nap :P
That's what you get for being Mr. Quick Mod Responder!
no. That's 17 responses to the page. Those aren't the sigs. All of the previously received are archived. Check email.
I'm assuming you love him, too? He's amazing.
I go in at 2 to! Lol I know. I'm about to be at work early af so I'm going to chill with her for a bit.
“: Lets be clear.... This is No COUNTRY for slandering Jordans & Cargo shorts!!... Now back 2 your regularly schedule program.”
Besides me #Who Up
Man kids are expensive! Maddy's lucky I love her because she's costing me a pretty penny lol
just realized about the gluten free diet - check out 's New Grist. It's the best gluten free beer I've had.
ok but your last name is french and uou have blonde hair and blue eyes..... hmm “: i'm columbian honey :) x”
folow back ya.
CHALLENGE! Let Fit2Go be your Re-Solution. Write the name of your friend on this wall post and get him/her to “Like” your comment and...
in a hard-hitting investigation, the NY Daily News found 1st Class n Priority Mail are the SAME THING. So save urself $4 and go 1st class.
Enjoy the book, get ready....your faith will be challenged to new levels! ^staff
holy shit. you got it in with fernando"the shit stain" and getting hit on by russel in one day lmao?
ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL told me i was beautiful <3
Ooh I'll check out now. Thanks for the tip! Hope you're doing well!
I think the narrative is fed by NCAA coaches who claim to be inspirational leaders of men, write books on how to live, etc.
's #startup competition tomorrow May 3rd at -- check it out! innovative #startups on fire the whole night!
thanks for your interest. We're working hard on getting distribution in Germany. Soon!
ain't no worries
It's the nation's first cloud that brings public data from the City of Chicago, Cook County & the State of Illinois into one open portal!
You really thought you could talk to me like that hahaha
Considering naming my firstborn child after a fine establishment which I discovered, post-reading, in Lexington KY: Hugh Jass Burgers.
you're crazy!
Hmm...I feel like telling some jokes.. lol
Certain Death 1.0 Tournament Now in Session! Hosted by Gunmetal
In order to shine outwardly...you first have to shine inwardly. Whatever you lack on the outside you can usually find the problem inside!
OH at the #dianegoodman event: "Is the lovely Dr. Goodman in the house?"
Had the women at the gym change the channel to jeopardy.
Attended Mass at Old St Marys
Okay, I don't care how small your cock is as long as you have a nice ass. Asians usually do.
(A)u want to make love or (B) walk away » u dum bitch ugh
he like but
I'm doing better now. :)
Every opportunity is once in a lifetime. Second opportunity is never the first.
Remember this morning when I said I was going to write? Just getting started now. If I laugh I don't cry! Lol!
I did! Searsucker pants boy! ( )And the matching zombie cake? Who gains weight for a wedding?
My newest great realtor Ashleigh Vasi wrote, "Be like a postage stamp- stick to one thing until you get there."
Yo, bro. Can you talk tomorrow? Around 7 pm your time? We got bigi time biz to discuss.
Sometimes family will screw u over
aint heard from you in a hot min just seen the pics from stl you looked like you was killing shit wish I was three though
I left my device at Beekman. Need to come get it.
Any suggestions on where to go for #chicagocraftbeerweek?
Your threat of exposure has won the day.
I know you're just puzzled. & I'm the missing piece..
shout us out!!! We are doing cinematic music videos for $700 ONLY for the month of February!!1
Ha ha. No worries. Thanks!
I'm pretty sure you have alot ti say!
Why is this clinic so busy at 7am!?
Found an unused giftcard from three birthdays ago. Hello, dipytiqye fragrances and Shisiedo serums!
Many people in what has been a lively late night crowd are calling it good after that 4-run half inning.
Damn you ! Waiting for Diablo 3. Site is down.
Stop the Flop!
I just had my hands all over Gerald Laird!
That's what I am to you? Crap... I would have said my Facebook Friend! or wife's ex-boss! ;) -
Refs already a factor in this one. Just like last game...Davis hit with an early touch foul.
- at least 1 benefit of Moorad not taking over re: Petco's shorter fences. On-field product MUST improve!
listen to WendyRobin @ ITunes!!
We need a good #abq cover band who knows how to get the party started for March 4th!! Send your links and demos ASAP!!!!!!!
Willis and doodleberries
Or, as the SO says, at a hooker hotel on the West Side.
streaming #Amaryllis #shinedown Amazing so far!!!
it ALL sounds good to me!!
Perhaps. I think Canelo/Cinco De Mayo weekend combo inflated buys. To what degree? That I don't know
Basant Montaser, Egyptian woman: "Women are 40% of Egypt's pop, but form only 2% of parliament."
Woos to tha hoos. Ha ha. I'll have to use that some time. RT : many woo to tha 'hoos in 2012! Woo hoo!
Bwahaha true that. I was thinking of from We The Kings.
is a beast...go chiefs
have we moved 'professionalization' outside of grad programs? I think it's reflective of our culture+
hey how are you :)
Total turnover. WOW Quick.
what do we have to do to win the passes??
#ff the amazing (my lovely wife)
M-Audio AV40 Monitors
In Settings>Mail select your Gmail acct. Account>Advanced>Mailbox Behaviors, what's your setting for Deleted Mailbox?
is a #kungpowwitch brewin up a lot of
That didn't look good. RT : NOT ANOTHER INJURY!!! Does God hate the #Brewers??!
latest Sun Magazine is terrific. Chock full of 175 years of stories! Special shout out to Stoop loyalist David Ettlin!
#FF | USC's University Club offers hearty & sumptuous meals for our #USC faculty, post-docs and senior staff.
piano man was one of the most chilling performances I've ever seen. And I've seen a LOT
Never got so many phone numbers in one day
haha I know I'm great
LOL isnt following anyone at all.
Hey my sexy dread head
I hate seeing something or finding out something you wish u hadn't
POOF BE GONE....BITCH!!!
you know I never had to run game, I was/is straight forward.
#Reggae Tonight! At for with (4519 Santa Monica)
54 degrees n IN n the 1st week of February, very strange weather since it just doesn't seem right, I need my snow & sledding time :(
UGH THIS CHILD
ROW: Maiden voyage for young rowers at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
Good for Harang. RT : #FormerReds pitcher Aaron Harang has allowed just 1 earned run and 4 hits in 8 innings for the Dodgers.
Mad at me dnt knw y want to fix it
My head is throbbing. Too many shots last night. Wahh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
where have you been all my week?
Too much energy and time is wasted on meaningless things that we place way too much value on that's not justified in God's eyes.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Albert Camus
Don't want to go to work today feeling lazy O_o
is trying to be my pimp or something lol
A term I've heard a lot recently that best describes how I feel about Facebook right now: 'stabby.'
shop at my mall www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores at your fingertips!
I just dropped off a huge bag of candy at school for my daughter. She "needed" it for a project. Am I gullible or what?
you have to look to something that gives u strength. I lost my nephew in August to cystic fibrosis
The word struggle is the understatement of the year
thanks for following us! Please let us know if there's anything Phil's Friends can do for you. Blessings on your day!
I just made myself breakfast in bed. Take that, busy people!
Indiana is shooting over 66% for the game!! I sense a regression towards the mean coming in the 2nd half.
Heh, good to know it's not a total bomb...kinda want to check it out myself.
another time!
Letters to Juliet is the new Notebook I loved it!! So grateful for my own true love story and can't wait to go to Italy!
Just because I drink strawberry smoothies, lady who gave dirty look, doesn't mean I do the horrific things that went through your head.
how was your day Niall?
Enrique Iglesias new on the rap scene. He's going Ruben Studdard on the game.
Have you heard the new John Mayer record yet?
no kidding! Who do you think will go home?
We will be giving a t-shirt in one hour! Today is Dia de los Muertos--tell us how you are celebrating and RT for a chance to win!
Trains are cool as long as they are not in your way. At least the brew game is on.
I wrote you a motherfucking essay in the journal xD
My momma is on my nerves. I feel like all i have is myself.
that is the sweetest thing someone has ever said to me. ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The Republican clowns seem from another non related universe! It seems like they live in a fantasy land of their own invention
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- exploring Value Proposition written from clients', not consultants', perspective. More difficult to write.
I am now looking for sound people on twitter
I'm already a serf to my cat.
Happy New Year from the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
He is we is playing on the radio right now that truely made my day
Briere and many others forget that talking w/media is part & parcel of who they are. They sure like to talk when they do well
Save room for dogz!
Get rid of dandruff by letting your dandruff control shampoo sit on for 5 to 10 mins
Do you guys think we will ever get a new album from Lady Phoenix? I hope so, but I'm starting to lose hope. Hope they come back with Kasey..
Watching the news while eating lol
Good afternoon beautiful people
What not to wear during the NATO summit
I'm done trying.
it says I am
Oh yeah!! *cue flushing sound*
Megaupload's death means Swizz Beats will officially help reform the Ruff Ryders with DMX
u coming sat!?!?
But...If World Peace forces a bad pass into a double teamed Kobe hes an idiot right? Its a double edged sword...
...no I wasn't. you said that earlier! remember!?? :)
#ESPN "Chink in the armor" is at least a phrase that is actually used as slang. Not so for the use of "gook."
Short notice alert! TheatreSports practice tonight at 7pm! Now THAT'S what we call short notice...
Great chat over coffee this morning with can't wait to host a killer charity golf event this summer.
Aurora farms with the g in a bit. See what that finish line has in store
dude, glad everyone is ok!
Come to Uruguay someday PLEASE?
#UnfriendFriday this Friday? Let's sing karaoke, miss that <3
well send them in right away! be the first to impress
we gonna see big dogg. He ballin now but he doesn't always like the 4th quarter lol
5 more days
Allegro Dance Company is seeking one male dancer for two performances in Wheeling WV --visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more!
We do it straight like that
Design proposals are expected to interpret the themes and values of the Olympic movement with Chinese style, culture and spirit - Zhang Ming
On till 7 then gonna try and roll by. You going?
Check out new designs at www.ruthlesscultureclothing FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $50
Thanks to everyone that participated in our recent contest. Congrats to Nathalie Harris for winning our special prize pack!
I love that movie we watch it every Friday
Common Sense Fitness. MindFirstFitness.
Great 5k today. Got done before the sleet began. No, seriously!
So I guess the Clippers just came straight to San Antonio.
Polishing up on the chops I need to call a Drummer buddy,ok to play to a sequence but playing with a Drummer with feel is 10xs better...
Not sure why I got so excited for 's gift with purchase. I have never in my life worn a sarong.
Dude.... french fries inside a burrito... mind-blowing
There is a Tolberone thief in my office... and I will find you!
"I don't charge by the hour because gunfighters don't charge by the bullet" Roy Williams
Talking to a straight friend about gay anal and he's being very attentive and respectful and asking good questions. >>>
inquiring minds I will dm you
Gonna make head bands, Pony tail holders and flip flops tonight for my bestie. (;
Hee Hee! Not quite, but I don't really want to go anywhere today, especially because I live in Minneapolis!
Hello bay-bee:D
Terry Riley? Juan Atkins? Aphex Twin? all early dubstep.
The "Girl"
Totally agree on that comment
If #Mavs indeed ink DWill, would that increase their ability to trade for Dwight before summer of 2013? Or no effect at all?
=] I Hope that maby i can see her around when im there i REALLY DO WANT TO MEET HER :o
We've Been Having Some Decent Weather Lately :) Can't Wait For The Summer !
Today's takeaways: JFK did interns b4 doing interns was cool, 6 raw oysters = 1 weight watcher point, Whitney still not funny. Good night!
um the mangos are good this year in Florida too
“: growing up never got 2 shop @ non-chain bookstore or even a chain bookstore for that matter.loved borders they r closing by me
JKLolz Show Two | Fly FM
Checking on dinner reservations for Valentine's Day. Good luck with that kind of late.
Fuck the police
It sucks to see the people you care about upset. I love you so much You know I'm always going to be here for you. Bfffl<U+2764>
The guy at valvoline said mice live in the air filters of cars outside. Literally the worst news of my life.
Yes! Left work almost on time today, so this is what it's like to be home before 5. Totally gonna listen to records & maybe make porcharitas
Can't it be June already?
One woman hurt when ex-boyfriend fired shots in apartment. No word on if she was shot. She was taken to the hospital. Info 630
congrats on the design internship at ! they're lucky to have you
Been thinking over you over this series (youre the only Flyers fan I know)
Just participated in a social media #mpwebinar with the #RPO team! Excited to try out some new tips!
What a very VERY smart football man you are. Johnny Unitas MUST always be #1 for anyone who knows anything about football.
There is a donkey for sale on the company message board. $625. There's a joke in there somewhere, I just can't seem to find it yet.
Got Stuff? FreeCycle! Bring in something & take something home. Good condition only & nothing too big, please. Sat, Jan 7 2-4. 791-4010
Bitch Im The Man Dont U Forget It
A man who killed 2 people in FL & threatened to kill executives at an office in Framingham was arrested in Louisiana Wed morning
Who's going to be there when I need someone, no one right ?
Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 21.99/wk.
I really wana get my hair to extreme platinum
my man!
so you could say that i'm hopeless<\3
Only limited amount of sample kits still available! Stop by booth 35 TODAY (early) & get one!!
RT Applied for a job in NO and already got the call back. This move is looking better and better. #RMF >good luck
lol I really don't care bout mothers day my birthday is a WHOLE different story lol
some lesson like shittsssssss and people of listening to him also like shittt
88-69 #West on top of the #East in the #nbaallstargame Let's get it
It's nice to see you back in action. Don't let the Somali girls get to you...
About an hour in...How do you think the Oscars are going so far?? Liking Billy Crystal??
I know right. As soon as I saw it I was like, OH MY GOD!!! IM NEVER LEAVING YOU, YOU'RE MINE!!!!! Fell in love!
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
Congrats bro!
On my first break. I think I'll enjoy working here.
is sexy a'f! Just sayin.
lol yup,so make sure u make interesting conversation <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>lol.Nah I didnt either but they got murdered lol.u done wit school?
please lend your powerful voice to help keep fighting to end #ChildSexualAbuse. We've been at it for 15 yrs!
drove down several one-way streets today... the wrong way... second day in a row
and let's not forget the car key situation... lol
maybe YOU can't. JUST YOU WATCH.
Alright. I may finally break down and get an ip simply so I can have it at work to test functionality.
watching Alice in Wonderland : )
The way I see it, most things in life are a love it or leave it scenario. There's really no need to over complicate it.
I got 2 styrofoam cups & guess what's in it? Well I ain't gotta tell ya, you gon find out in a minute.
Why are u all pushing Tents down our throats? We don't want no Tent Cities! #no_tents Tents are temporary!
Thanks for the #WW Love!
I'm just relieved you got the reference.
I hope I stayed up watching this game to see a win...
Yesterday #desperatehousewives series finale and today the season premier of #Bachelorette ? I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Yup, they're still on the menu! Come try them soon. RT : do you still serve the red velvet twinkies?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!19
um, no. Any other options?
Watching DC United play Chicago Fire, 0-0 in the 16th minute
hehe I miss ya to ):
they're showing up as x for me, too.
it could be a better one than I anticipated. Cotto needs to be patient.
Welcome Josh! Hopefully you will get to rest sometime soon. Tweet us if you need anything.
NEW MUSIC SOON!!! GOT A COUPLE FREE TAPES FOR THE PEOPLE COMIN!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Damn havnt bin on dis for a long wile aha
read between the lines...
#IWishYouKnew how much you mean to me.
But where did the weekend go??
heard you wanted to get down with the calendar... hit me w/ 31 beats -at- GMAIL -dot- COM is the addy
Awesome meeting Jamie Castro (casts Greys Anatomy) today...so pretty and nice...great name too!
so i can get hopefully both Super Street Fighter 4 and Ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
I wanna figure out how to mash together #GlenCampbell style country With #HipHop. Anything is possible. We walked on the moon.
This mom literally just said, "if I'm in the car buckled before you, you're grounded."
look how cute they are
had fun with you and everyone who went lazer tagging today!!!!
Friday?! WOAH, I thought we were leaving on Tuesday!!
nope it's called "feel so close" in our music system so #nofail :)
There was no such verbal agreement.
2/3: We are witness to your unfailing love. They are truly blessed to have such dedicated and loving mothers fighting for them.
At the Birmingham, AL airport. Just saw a crew of pageant girls, all about 6 years old.
What's up Jack! Go stock up on some #GreaterThan & show us da proof and we'll see what we can do. >
- it would probably be in your top 10. Same designer is doing the new Olympic course in Brasil.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all
Q: #feed9b - All are great, inspiring challenges. But how? Given (for example) WI's recent $250 M cut to base budget? And federally?
Staring at my background and realizing how far has come and how grown he's gotten.
Good Morning Everyone!
My dinner is disappointing. I hate that.
“ It is that deep.”
Really sad. Think I've lost some files permanently. Hoping will help. Need to rethink my recovery process.
Happy 1st Anniversary hun to you and !!!! Hope it is the most magical day for you both! Luv you
If Walker wins on June 5, the soap opera not only goes on, it grows worse. That's a powerful argument for Barrett.
Haven't been to homeroom in years..I now remember why...
Fans of NO RESERVE! have been following me on my personal Twitter account. This is new, about the band, and music, and all things creative.
#CentralOregon Call when ur out partying. They get u and ur car home for cheaper then a cab. 541-636-0101
I changed? I'm the same person I've always been, except I trusted you before
No matter how fat, goofy-looking or ugly you were, you couldn't make a rap album in the 90s without a crazy sex skit
the job of a politician should be to maximize the number of people who he includes when he says "we"
michelle dot maltais at latimes dot com
wow I just rented this...Hahaha! Love THE KILLERS:. Curious to see Tarkovskys version:-)
Hey Toni is it ok if I pick my wages up on thursday?:)
*uncle comes in with my grandma a plant for mothers day* Grandpa: I thought that was you I saw on the side of the expressway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Endless opportunities for volunteering.
Watch out, Erin! Conversations with K tend to result in uproarious laughter.
GOD is good all the time.........aint nobody gone say it back....
I never knew that could sing :o
Thank you Patrick! We're excited to expand on what's already been an top notch experience w/
An exclamation point for a $0.02 drop? We've been trained to think $3.78 gas is great.
Last class before the weekend! ;)
dongle *snicker* luckily, at #CodCon12 #wearealltwelve :)
I get that you have Wisconsin envy, you can't beat the Packers and your alma mater can't beat the Badgers.
I still want to marry because he's still fucking perfect.
I saw #TheLuckyOne trailer,it brought a visual to what was in my mind.. I cried through most of it & in awe of love scenes
We received them as a gift from a guest :) They're made on the Big Island :)
Could they give an anymore obvious term for shuffling around in dirty old shoes than "juffle"?
YOU GUYS. CUTTING EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT.
So freakin' excited!...and hungry. RT : La Parada and wedding invite caucus with and tonight.
$PASO Patient Access Solutions is dedicated to quality and service within the healthcare community
Getting pumped for the concert tonight!
thank you for that comment! especially important b/c in programs like Drexel's, you learn zip about archives... [1/2]
Life can be fun when you spend it with friends.
Bro-ad trip!!! (see what I did there?) (see?) (genius)
Pinch me ! I am out from under Mercury's retrograde and woke up to a special surprise so right!
We r stoked to be playing Key Club, gonna be a blast tomorrow night!
HULK LANDSCAPE!
RT : “: The first city in the world to have a population of over 1 million was London” WOWSA! Good ta KNOW!
5 Trends that Will Shape Small Business in 2011 : Marketing :: American Express OPEN Forum : undefined
Hey!! Not tonight! I will tomorrow every hour from Noon-6! :)
leave for England tomorrow to see the folks.
My head is poundin
Follow us, we archive #GOP idiocy hypocrisy and stupidity.
@ what y'all on today
and don't forget to brush up on thirstos for Thursday night's B/SM event at Turner Field.
Had an interview with Ameristar yesterday. I was hired on the spot.
No one ever won a fight by being a bitch....ijs
Almost at 200 followers!! Keep spreading the word about streamline apparel and Like us on Facebook!
Wish I could RT
oh what a sight that would be.. But you can't do that with flabbs (;
wow! When did chris masters return?!
Awesome! Beer School is always a great time. Thx for asking!
Victims blame, complain, justify and make excuses. People with good self esteem take responsibility for dealing with things as they ARE!
Looks like "Santa" has a lot more wrapping to do -.-
nice. Have a great day.
Sometimes you really do need to sweat the details.
you're getting old
blue skies, flat water and stupid cold. Nice paddle just the same.
I never took a quote from you. I never hard of the quote you mentioned. So why you attacking over something I never did??
We will be entertained???
#SomeWomenCantStand not being right
Happy Easter!
'Tis true: am having dinner at TGIFridays.
Love how every morning I wake up to my neighbors blasting music. It's entertaining because I heard different kinds especially reggaeton.
I love how our little Eva prank helped bring you & the real Eva closer together, haha. No need to thank us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
so it turns out it was another issue with Zendesk.. boo. We didn't get notifications for your ticket, but it's working now :)
The independent medical examination (IME), along with the deposition are generally the two most crucial events in an injury case.
Courage the Cowardly Dog!
Oops!-Everything's ok world won't end manana. My sister assured me world will end after Oprah's last show on 5/25/2011!!
. is a great pilates teacher. Also, pilates is hard and those machines are a little scary looking!
Skull rings, eyeliner and a violin. We are so ready for David Garrett in Reno! j.mp/qQimco
My girl && I workout like crazy because we don't play around lol....my fiance loves it when I workout :-) :-) :-)
#WHATAFEELING Being the reason you won
. notes: "The odd thing about imagined futures is that they so often resemble the past." So w/future of scholarly publishing
Hotdougs with my bro
have you ever wondered why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens the skin...
Mixing down Ghetto Blasting while I wait for to get to his session
thank you!!
bloody mary in the evening??
#ff Congrats to on his award-winning Russian Imperial Stout.
Enjoying session on how-to videos by and her sense of humor in presi at
what it say
SOUNDS COOL
I'm bout to change up on these niggas I want a whole new line up..... these niggas is not really yo niggas on my mom
Yay Christmas break
AW SHUCKKSSSSS <U+263A> I LOVE YOU TOO BBYYY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> p.s. ; I hope I'm not scaring you with my caps lol
tried my first vegan restaurant yesterday and it was great!
They will say Morley next year. Haha
YOU ARE NOT CHOPPED LIVER. Cause I like you and I hate liver.
"Don't know why these guys keep trying to 3bet me when they're not willing to stick it in." b/c they all 3Bet super light?
I'll take you for one :)
One reason the BCS was started was to get rid of the whole co-champ biz. But, if the Olympics can have co-gold-medalists, why can't CFB?
Thanks! We will contact EFF if it comes to that, but I think the situation is being resolved with diplomacy.
Horny!! anyone else? Comment or tweet with me???
Imma create sushi art like never before
Thanks! nice Twitter background !!!
brave, brave, brave, brave, sir robin :)
day 3 of being tobacco free
he was there last year. So cute. I think he has a book out
libraries: doing this for years! RT A4: Businesses...can/should join forces to oppose mandatory data retention
Im tired& I need some inspiration! CAN SOMEONE WAKE ME UP?
I want to leave Earth and come back as This guy is a boss
Finna dye my hair lol not all of it tha
Trying to figure out something new to do with my hair.
Now you're yelling so I have to!
Senate Education Committee hearing beginning. SB 576, charter school accountability and access bill, to be voted on today.
I miss you too Lisa!
#BREAKING: false alarm on dead body along Naito Parkway. officers say it's a overdose victim who is still alive
Qué bueno! Where are you thinking of studying abroad?
OMG THIS IS THE WORST!! BTW did you see Oprah do the Tribute for Whitney!! Loved It!!
When you @ mention someone you are supposed to lead off with it like I did. Not at the end like you did
Need someone to help me correct my 2k issue here on
Happy Easter<U+E52C>
She's also done a 9000 foot mountain! hahahaha
your welcome! :D
Thank You Ismael
#LeHIGH WINS that's why I always root and bet for the underDOG
that's what I want. We will be live as you answer so be ready haha
they have a ton of king compilations at the library too.
where r they from?
Made $50 last night! :)
Off to Melsky Casting! :)
ya i would jew.
Happy 25th Birthday to the best daughter in the world, Kelli Martin!!! XOXO.
Thanks, Karl. The more I hear about Khan's, the more I wondered!
Blessthefall in general >>>>
Every little thing is gonna be alright
does it include 'silos'? That's a new one that's starting to make my head hurt.
From education should combine content and skills, it is not an "if or" situation
You should've yelled!!! That's what I'd do if I seen you in the car :)
No one has a say in my passion, career, life... they can try but in the end, their words will be shoved down their fucking throats.
and that's how clotheslined the server.
very cool! Love your food!!
But what about all my stuff?!?!
I may have to join you on that one. Let me look at my calendar.
You can text me now
<3 *bandage* ;p here you go
Are you back in Cincy?
pillow fetish?!
lmao... somehow I figured as much....
Day 4 & still nothing...come on! Lol
don't u just love the classy people around here.
I signed up for the LA event thru Moffatt but not receipt, confirmation...can I please have that? Very stoked.
This Twitter will still be a great place for the big announcements on Logi Insight for Libraries, but follow for more depth
Any tips on how to organize? That's how I did it when student teaching - I miss those movable walls :)
I made it safe n sound
I just noticed there is a chimney on my house. Crazy.
Rock and Roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore.
has grown up so much over the years.
dude, the Esquire retweet is pretty cool. Is this the start of your 15 minutes of fame?
ayyyyy thanks baby!
it's available this Saturday! Going w/ Mike & Matt. You should join. Also hitting for pozole, Los Gallos #2 for CESJ
Great news! Practice has moved to NW PDX. Now scheduling patients. Check website for details: www.drbradfarra.com
I've had way to much coffee tonight and will be paying for it later tonight when I can't sleep.
Warwick today.
Hi David. I nailed it with Vejigante mask from Ponce, Puerto Rico yesterday on Facebook. Just sayin'...
Dogs can really motivate their owners to go walking more plus it helps the dog and their artitude
Yeah, Mason and I will give you a great rundown of the best clubs here! ;D
I'm not eastern European. Also not a spammer of any kind. Just hope to help you on your quest for 1K followers.
Things are getting awkward at city council. Speakers on security cameras getting intense.
People are so relaxed that they frequently fall asleep during acupuncture treatment.
Pumpkin Spice Latte me asap. Then let's get this last day of work done so I can get to the lake. On the water is where I feel best.
Happy Friday the 13th.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
we had an office lunch outing, everyone seemed to really enjoy Ned's and Cheese Dream.
remember. The slot for "first person I actually killt" is still available. Don't be threatened. Be warned
#HBDBK. Wishing you an amazing day with LOVE!
“: Woohoo! Congrats!”Finally a DD in the house!!! ;)
would you gals like to meet tomorrow rumor has it wed is lady's night. Free lap dances till midnight!
Hi there! Thank you for your message. I am doing very well, thank you :). Thank you for all your motivating Tweets!
That's the best reason of all!
#MeAndYouCantDate Because I hate the way you eat.
Well in reality, the historical trend seems exactly the opposite...
#cq5 #wem simplify ur documentation articles. I spent 90 min troubleshooting a simple problem w/ rte editor config
Sad to see racism slowly eroding the awesome power of the presidency of the United States! Remember, the world is watching!
I think we have a mutual friend in Marc Yeats .. how is life in Oxford?
this guy in Alaska!
Seriously the amount of snot coming out of my nose is remarkable.
listening to work out for the 3rd time
Show time in 14 hrs!!!!!!! Time to sleep!!!
Unanswered emails now seem like opportunity for expression w/o revenge. Sometimes those thoughts seep through the fog.
Damn sinuses are killing me
You didn't come to school :(. Lmfao. By the way, I think Victor's starting to suspect you like him....
This is the Tyshawn Taylor I want to see today!!
#Avengers midnight showing!!!
I went roller skating tonight. No biggie. Don't know why you keep bringing it up.
I guess I can cross North Carolina off my retirement state list. *sigh*
Can i get 100 followers by tomorrow?! O.o i'm going to try and make my who says video this week!
Hunt: I wasn't a diplomat before becoming ambassador. Promised I'd quit if it was just cocktail parties.
"I'm sure this is why my grandparents swam across the river." - on buying Mexican flags and mustaches for Cinco de Mayo
hahahah. I love your word play.
Forever wearing my bracelet. After seeing him in Chicago and meeting him I am for sure a fan! :)
lol, iRumors are always entertaining. fun to see how all the webzines jump to speculations on every tiny little hint.
Be prepared for confrontation..
faces off against #UNC for the #CarrierClassic today! Go green!
I bet they would sell out. RT : I would to to emcee those games, too!
RT : WHAT WE DO: We provide meals, homes and health & wellness services to thousands of seniors each year. We need your...
Not that there is anything wrong with that...
#cgbb thanks for the support!! And june 15th u will know what this famous word is haha
Me too. Congrats on proceedings last week.
I've only been a couple of times, but I really liked their Burgundy Burger
Big thanks to and Industry Nine Components! I swear my bike pedals itself.
#Dear14yearoldself, You get your dream guy,
That would be very touching. Please keep us posted.
Congrats on your acceptance for the University of Heidelberg program!
Channel Partner Portal is a Management as a Service platform to better support their customers
Tumblr integration? Tumblr post-by-email blows, need better system to compose Tumblr posts in Zite.
Trying to find f-i-l in #1940census, hoping he's in same place he was in 1930
you too beautiful!
": The most incredible feeling is knowing that you truly have someone not just for today, but forever. Happy Valentines Day"
I do Love You I love u I love u, my baby I love you so and I don't want you to go. By GQ Reminds me of blue light basement parties
Spending my Saturday night with 7th graders.
Most welcome ...likewise!
happy birthdaaaayyyy! Hope you have a good one, love you! :))
Anyone else wake up feeling like you can transcend the seven bodies, but you're going to need to listen to Mahogany Rush to do so? Me TOO.
Romney says Obama believes in a "European-style" welfare state. Wow. Guess I've really missed something.
Just realized it's late start tomorrow,and I don't have group anymore! What am I gonna do!?!
- Sounds good. Contact us through our website.
This time next week, I'll probably still be exhausted from a 15+ hour day the night before...can't wait!
Your twitter tuesday password is JOHN WAYNE GACY. Movie hero or serial killer, he gets 5 of your broke asses in free! Then you buy drinks.
RT : No sweetheart deals for the 1% the must #investigate the big banks
Geez, why were you without power for so long?
is that right
It might be early but we're already thinking about Happy Hour! Who's stopping in tonight for half-priced appetizers and drink specials?
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit~John Steinbeck
you tried monster rehab? that rojo tea is my shit
i can care les about anything
Couple shots of tequila and off to the gym, then making biscuits n gravy
This head cold is really killing my spirit ! Siigh
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you, sometimes.
I'm working on turning a couple into books that certainly have that feel. (Both are great though). Is it a bad idea?
Thanks for the mention!
Dear , please stop changing my html code. It's a pain to manually fix your code craziness. Thanks. Luv ya, mean it!
Before I die, I want to roundhouse someone! They can't be tall tho
Liam James Payne <3
That was amazing!!! You guys sounded even better live :D #TheWANTEDonTheVOICE Please follow xx
RT Give it up for Coobie tonight-- scores a season-high 18 points on 6 of 6 shooting from 3... Amazing game.
you haven't changed one bit.
it's Adam schabel from down the street
Bowlers, how close have you made it to a perfect 300 game? Meet a kid who did it and he was playing with pain at 5:30
I think I've got it made
Alright. I caved and bought a Mega Millions ticket. And then I bought 9 more...
No doubt, May showers...guess April was slacking. Looking forward to warmer days...
Dang this sucks...dont have any plans amymore
My father's name was Hymie.
nice pub stunt... Day game... Not televised in WI. Lame
Choir meeting tonight. It's wierd to think im almost a senior.
y is he leaving??
#SoHighThat i Can touch the Sky...
Off to Europe today!
to answer your question, I do not speak French! I'm currently downloading podcasts!
hey dude! Trynna keep in touch. God bless.
I get sad when ever I think about you
Has anyone bought any workout shows via Apple TV?
If you think every child deserves a chance to have a lifelong relationship with his or her parents regardless of circumstances, please RT!
okay, that made sense. this is making sense now! so sorry for the steady tweeting about the x files.
Looking forward to visit with Ewha Woman's University in Seoul Korea this week!
hey bro! you still working out up there?
hahah remember father Justin's class, everyone messing with him about what schools were going to
o haha okay
I swear Music is Gonna keep me feed watch and be witness who eva don't believe that I feel sorry for you when I make it
As a wannabe screenwriter I tried to make the move to LA, ran out of gas in Phoenix, so LA will have to live without me for another day.
I love scientists! RT : Gene named after Smaug the dragon from Tolkein's 'The Hobbit'
oh god
You speak words of truth! In English and felinese!
hahaha what a fangirl of Paul. ;)
Who's coming to the holiday party in the Java Cafe on Wednesday from 5-7 pm??
Question of the day:What’s your favorite classic TV show?
Sarah Palin out of race. Couldn't afford the paycut.
Fitch: buyers of European cov-lite debt included US CLO and institutional investors.
Music makes the world go around!
Meeting one of the co-creators of Perseus project yesterday, , all I could say was: "Every junior classicist thanks you."
Reading nyt review of Nicole krauss' book great house..."fulgurating pain". Sharp piercing pain. Noted.
I love how the password is one of them, just in number form:/
“: Good grades, enough sleep, a social life...you can pick two.” truer words have never been spoken. Haha
Guess somebody's a Sicki Garbaj fan,did I hit a nerve,lol!!
oh okaeyy . hehe ! cheers to one direction .. !! we:>
Advertisers, likely. “: He wasn't apologizing to you. RT : Rush: apology accepted ... We're with you.”
THIS YEAR'S CONFERENCE IS ONLY 14 DAYS AWAY! DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO YET
LOOKIN FORWARD TO THE NEW YEAR 2010!! HERE I COME!! LOL!!
Unlock your Heart, Love freely Unlock your mind, Live freely The secret to Happiness is Freedom The secret to Freedom is Courage- Thucycices
Go Chris Wells
hehe and I forgot what Beauty and the Beast was about again..
I am starving like a pregnant person...can't wait to get home and eat
We create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes & Celebs. Follow us & RT for a chance to win a custom background just like our PROS.
It was great to meet you too...keep on inspiring!!!
Messed up my files. have to take them all off & upload them again.. but shame on me, I didn't back them up.. copy & paste! ug
Mining bill still has no author. The GOP claim it's the largest jobs bill this session. So why does no one want to take credit for it?
Love tax returns... My savings almost doubled!
Come on give me a bREAK
oh I thought you meant you were gonna be serving tonite! I wanted to try you out!
Dear Omni Hotel or whoever is responsible for planning the menu: Vegetarians eat more than vegetables, and we need protein, too.
Be advised! LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event. We will re-open with regular hours tomorrow!
A4: It is important to have people in your life who can sense when you need a break and tell you to take a vacation.
Count me in for Google+ hangout.
Leaving soon. I'll miss you, twitter <3
some days i wish i could go back to doing a 9-5...
Everyone follow Larry here...GREAT Packers fan RT Miss my packers. Packeritis is alive and kickin
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
Function over form
The little peanut butter cups in Moose Tracks ice cream...so delicious .
even when you hold the mirror up and point out the bad decision, doesn't work. It's tiring.
how was SD? good luck tomorrow!
Physical violence is so 2011. Plus, I can't go to jail again. O:-)
"if amazing was a young bitch, I'd be going to jail cause Im FUCKING amazing"
just bought my first app from the Android Market - ten cent apps is a genius promotion.
#zumba rocks ass literally
I met Robert Davi yesterday, he's so freaking nice!! Loved him Goonies, Die Hard, The Profiler!! Great guy and actor!!
"do you guys like mushrooms?" "why do you?" "no I just like to hunt them"
your going to love it ! You should go to ratemyprofessors
So now i have to wear glasses all the time..bo...gues its true the older u get ur eyesight is the 1st to go..
Worst mood ever today. Well just recently due to inconsiderate drivers... and having to deal with the football fans downtown. Ugh
#FistBump thx bromie! RT : s/o to NICE JOB WITH YOUR REFS TODAY !!
ok u is followed
being creative is a gift. A gift that if you ignore may alter your course of happiness. Be BRAVE.
Just spent an hour on the machine gun jetpack. GTF out the way!.
Buffet or ala cart?
OK. That's a brave thing to say about anything on Weekend Update.
RT : Potential in startup employees is worth a lot less than in big co's, b/c you don't have luxury to wait around for fruition.
Me too! Where are your seats?
Am I the only one who gets creeped out when someone writes "warmly" at the end of a letter?
xoxo! totally inspired!
You had a great seat -- right up in the front where all of the action was :P
Almost to Austin, TX....
; gonna try to convince my dad to take me shoe shopping ..
ha ha lets hope not
Any Caterers wanting our company to use your services please email us for a Tasting soon.
but admire your dedication
Any word if Kobe's playing tonight?
I swear it's like spring break every weekend here!
Yeah merry christmas ! I'm still waiting. , . . . For All God Bless Us. . . .
WRB's first Game Day.....Special/Intense/Proud!!!
Day Dreamer.
i love avocados fuck you all
my friend who owns a dog grooming business always looks forward to her Mon.-Tues. weekend and you just reminded me of her.
Turn up the music, i need it i'n my life !
Woohoo! Congratulations on a Good Job well done!!! : )
I did! I went in feeling one way and my opinion changed during the process. I loved it.
Yr Welcome! Visit the site soon www.kmcamera.com
if we've gone almost two and a half years consistently missing Dunks, honey, you'll be okay! The cravings taper. ...a little.
you put a "R" in Team....and we made eye contact for like 5 minutes lol
be careful out there!
I felt we wld b up for this gm coming off if a big upset win. More the opp. We spotted our opponent 3 quarters of effort b4 we played
Three in one day? I'm impressed
First triple overtime of the playoffs. Too bad I can't stay up for the rest of it. Damn waking up for work at 6am.
juice fasts and business travel do not mix
This is 2012. Why am I still seeing mobile sites load everything first before content in body. Content, header, then images.
-You're- a white trash hot dish
Laying with adam watching cartoons>>> off this .
Aramis Ramirez plays like a Cub. Remind me again why The Crew signed him??
Setting an alarm & waking up ass-early to do East coast business = ew. Conducting said business from bed = win.
R-T if you're up for No Reason.
Sonja is an egotistical nut job........perhaps crazier than Kelly!
#Clippers Bench Was Huge S/O To #Kmart, #ReggieEvans, #NickYoung, #MoWilliams, #EricBledsoe & #CP3 Control The Game *Great Gritty Team Win*
I died.
Wait a minute, in Voyage of the Damned the Doctor said that the Titanic's engine explosion would destroy the whole planet
everybody dunce now
im sorry I was n ATL ova dah weekend
Love u@ DJ KEMO
#4famouswords let me sleep, please
How sad is it that I just want to sell everything in my apartment because I hate packing...
Cheers to a lovely weekend! Thanks for the #FF!
you are welcome, lady :)
i feel like a creeper haha JUST sayin. lol
#aiip10 Sam Fee reommends Don't Make Me Think by Steve Krug for effective web design.
of course i would lols you got a facebook
Jessica is my girl she doin good on jackson 5 i luv her
on may 19th, sometime around 8
YOU'RE damn funny. So there.
Calm down, don't tell them what to do
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. It smells like victory. - Apocalypse Now, spoken by Robert Duvall
I still think we need one more Weber fight. #Abs?
That was the hardest thing I've ever done •-•
Turtles ;D
that's what's so funny!
Always remember, the more action you take, the more money you will make
yeah it does, especially since I had a lot of admiration for him prior to this.
fixed it.
RT : Doing my first college football fantasy league this season, SEC and PAC 12 exclusive, insurance for NFL Lockout
I'm feeling that today as well! RT : When God invented new media, He should have added an hour to give us a 25 hour day...
Hope Elias is ok, that looks scary. Always respected him
At last you're listening to real music!
Looks like it's going to be a good day.
I'm so sorry!!
Heading through the terminal at the airport, its almost like a second home now.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" let it transform your space.- In-stock
sorry Carson. I dot mean to inconvenience you. Maybe next year!
Ohh so now you tweet me-_- SMH:b Jon where getting married since hasn't bought my bling bling(: Kay?.KAY(:
Wha, no invite?
lol whatever, yeah hes a douche bag but i think hes cute. *Livin4TheNight*
Returning to reality tomorrow, but only a 3-day week, then Kentucky bound. Lexington people, it would be good to see you on my way through!
I love how stands up to haters!:) Shut them down girl!!
"Welcome to Welcome!" (What the lady didn't say at the gas station in Welcome Minnesota.)
Java, how are you? Thanks for the RT!
I feel the same way!
Show some #FF love for , part of The Schermerhorn's fantastic Community Advisory Board! Thanks for all you do!
Capital One spot-1 of the specs we are casting is for 10 - 12 yr old kids who play orchestra instruments. Fit the spec? Let me know....ASAP
Super congrats!
congratulations! That's a good time!
Truth. RT : I'm pretty sure the first rule of #bootcamp6 is "NERDS!"
You can come over earlier if you want! We'll be here. See you then!
So they can too lol
A few WI brewers to try (in no order): Lakefront Brewery, Ale Asylum, Capital Brewery, Sprecher, Tyranena, Furthermore
Man hit and killed on Georgia highway near Eulonia
Donald is safe! Oh my goodness! #PackerNation will never fail you
God damn i miss cinema bizarre!
Woot! we love to hear that! :) : still wet hair but loving what has done!! Fun changes!!!
Creator God, I am so blessed by your revelation in nature and Scriptures. Please increase my determination to plass on that blessing.
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers then to be in the pen sharin' showers
Party Down is great. I stayed hard thru 7 episodes.
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH! Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack! Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
i Subscribed to thebakeey on youtube :)
Lots of client meetings today all over town! I'm going to be a driving maniac. Can't wait to see the photos up in the studio tonight.
WHAT THE HECK 2 BEERS FOR 15 or 4 for 28 tomorrow only
Hot springs is awesome...
Damn, #Japan is screwed again-they're not bigger than some U.S. states-can we give them #Nebraska or #Kansas or another one we don't need?
It's so hot chocolate melted in my pants :( San Francisco bay area photographer
I mean if you're going to do it...go all the way in
AND Tomorrows the last day of being on these steroids.Which means no more gaining weight,and I can finally get back to normal and go out!
two step tuesdays lead to sleepy wednesdays
RT : ...time to rest up! tomorrow night...maybe a little and Stout Graduation on Saturday
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Chris Cairns
TOO BAD NO ONE WAS AROUND TO PROTECT HER DAUGHTER
its hard to see you lose yourself
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening!
finally saw sat nites show...greatjob snake man.
Fucking would say "you're not this nice in school" right in front of my boss! Lol
She doesn't even appreciate you. I'm right here, but what do I matter?
Vintage trouble cancelled at The 5 Spot. Might as well make it over to to see Right now!!!!
Brr! It's cold in here! There must be some Toros in the atmosphere!
There is nobody in the RMA except for working people and it makes me sad because I don't know where anyone is and I'm all lonely.
Dang it, I've been drinking coffee every day for 2 weeks now. What is it, 21 days to make a habit? I must break the chain!
Amicus Certus In Re Incerta Cernitur => A true friend is discerned during an uncertain matter
Do you use #ExpressionEngine? I'm thinking of taking it on and am gathering information. Reply with Pros/Cons.
That's great, nice work!
need help in the shower?
I know #SportingKC defender Seth Sinovic looks cheap, but with the exchange rate, he'll cost $5 million.
Wish I were down there for this!
I'd love to tell you don't do it. But I know you are a fan. Pressed shaped meat with flavored ink grill marks is just weird.
Fee fi fo fum, I could sure go for a large tom yum. Have some Typhoon brought to your door with free delivery. Code is NOV2011 at...
hey what it do!
Of course I did, silly. They were ten minutes late in opening. Strange. But movers have left and we pooped.
will you post a link to blog w/ study based on your book? having trouble finding it. thank you in advance!
Wow. We live in strange times where that's a cardinal sin....
Same samerzz RT : Well I'm all alone this Saturday night ??
I wanna Leslie Knope and Ben Wyatt.
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY." omfg crying
A5X processor is confirmed, quad-core graphics -
Two weeks til the Phoenix Comicon!!! I can feel it!!!
Nestle acquires Pfizer&#39;s enfant nutrition division | CK Science
"ma bartender,she from the islands,body been kissed by tha sun-coconut replace the smell of the bar, but I don't know if its her or the rum"
Send me email with details...interested...who said it...
is so sweet, I know she appreciates all we do for her just as much as we appreciate what she does for us
let it be.
at least it's fresh!
the pittsburgh section of thedirty >>>
#gettingouttahere "fairly" early
have you tried googling 'favorite all time commercials' and things of that ilk?
Banners only $4 per square foot this week only! Call today to place your orders @ 720-542-6105!
By the by, I heard from several reliable sources that there was/is plans in the works for an orgy.
I would hope so. Last time I heard, they're not connected with Velcro.
ditches on my bick
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
So true! Get busy. RT: Forbes Thought Of The Day " There is no greater cause of melancholy than idleness. " — Robert Burton
WHAT? TO WHO!
c u soon n Dallas ill b on da 2nd row
none, but i can download some
Happy Earth Day!
o man...how embarrassing.lmao they cant even stay quiet for one second.lmao
Want to spend Friday night differently? How about a newbie yoga workshop to learn the basics of vinyasa yoga. ~ Fri. 4/20 6:30pm-9:00pm.
how was your day ?
Just got a little hot and bothered after watching Magic Mike trailer
Power still down in the area, Day 2. Holding up well thx to cell phone, laptop, VPN, Vonage device, wired in-laws, & supportive colleagues.
its very pretty I wish I had it
hey, Rachel! Sounds like you are having a blast .... So great! Love to you. Lori
Should you see a whole thing it appears that it is always gorgeous.
I don't need sleep. I'm not running....
You ding dong will instead prolly RT : My buzzer would have burned to death from hand friction tonight ...
When your gf/bf is the only thing on your mind......
thanks! Please tell all your friends about us!!
Never hated a corporation like I hate first energy/met ed right now. Just sayin
Sake and wine bottles are all half off this evening!
watching and laughing at one direction funny moments wahahahhaha.....:P
Thank you so much from both of us!! <3
is gonna be the new Jeremy Lin if the Heat win tonight
Last chance to Join us Oct. 25 or 26 for a No-Cost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness. Register at bit.ly/nbn7Oq
ask ur mom to try it LOL and maybe. >.>
$90 in gas in the past 24 hours. My next car needs to be more fuel efficient.
So fun, always Good 2 see you all!": Rt! Great 2 see u! "
As per yesterday's EBook summit, students starting at pre-K should have at least one digital reading experience per month.
ASU needs Brad Stevens, maybe Bonds will make a big donation since he can't spend all his money behind bars
Loving #doomsdaypreppers! All the econ downturn ones are spot on..
breakfast now, chores later
omg trust me i know. He is my idol and i'm so grateful 2 have met him so many times; you're pretty lucky to live in finland lol
. Hedges bets? No. I'd say Dawkins was being intellectually honest. 100% certainty is for the delusional or stupid.
That's exactly my thought/fear.
#MyPastRelationships Taught Me That I Deserve Better & I Should NEVER Settle For Less .
well said
I was just at NAMM and the whole time I was thinking about my new favorite guitar player ; a Fender fanatic like me!
family feud says that most woman will dump him, cheat on them mess up their belongings lol
we will be buying shirts when we arrive!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 3
Chuck norris is only a green belt cause he killed his master when he was 4 years. Old :0 amazing lol
I'm a beat them tables up up up up up Stanton Social tonight 11-2am feel me?
Yes You Do & I To,ld You To Call Me Last Week Fat Ass.!
We're talking about #thetalk www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I've run out of room in my sketch book and don't have any more paper. How does this happen?
#idol - Jessica gave a unique spin on her song. It way high energy and pretty good overall.
cookies and cream U?
rEVOLution backwards its LOVE ;)
Yeah, same here. I need to check it and verify. Let me know you find. I wonder if it's a late-edition change or something.
best imagine I've seen in a while lolol
Patron in e&j
RT : I am walking down the road
They're doing the Riggle in DC this morning, 8 in a row!!! Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!
When in a relationship theres always one that has insecurities <<<
Tiger Woods's stinger 3-wood out drove GMac's driver on one.
couldn't agree more with your column. Spot on.
O's games go into extra innings way too much
Looking forward to it! Nothing like #roots12 RT & YAY!
3 blocks NW 23rd to close this morning Everett to Glisan, 3 weeks. businesses want you to know they're open!
Lol, I'm just shopping
T-minus 24 days to Beer-Con. Aug 27th can’t get here soon enough.
Take a risk, good or bad, you never know what good opportunity it could bring.
$29 Service Call, Fast Response. 24/7 Emergency Service Licensed Local Locksmith call now 619-335-7969 Lost Keys? Locked out? We can help!
Other people's tools work only in other people's gardens
Good afternoon my twitter followers. How's it going today? Mine is going awesome ;-)
it definitely keeps you glued to your seat. I'm in love with Jennifer Lawrence lol
TAP trying to provide alternative to "all homegrown" vs "all proprietary" in mobile content management
Oops, History of the World was made in 1981. My bad. Still 1980 was the best year in movies. Also forgot about The Big Red One
Good luck with your biz!
RT : You are a cinema, I could watch you foreverrrrreer. ~ <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
in the same room President Sexton & Peter Henry not here but send their greetings.
Blasting om&m to piss everyone off lol I think it's working
Hell yeah! Sake to me baby!
I cannot fathom going out on a school night. I'm getting too elderly for weekday shenanigans
Had a good time at the TinCaps game tonight, especially player autographs after the game.
we would of gotten along so well if we knew eachother then haha
Lol. No, no. Just an early morning spell check. Today's lesson is - no Twitter before coffee.
What's wrong???
Good Morning and Happy Monday #Baltimore! Today's word of the day is ambition. Ambition teach your kids its not a dirty word!
How much for your ARC? I bake. I'll send cookies with the cash...
that you are. Happy for you, and a lil jealous. #formerrockstar ;)
": karleeelovesyou Sorry your day was shitty on your bday #fuckbitches" it's all god, bitches will be bitches.
your welcome, just call it like I see it.
She went from regular college kid to ESPN superstar to scam artist in one big swoop.
Flirting around can be fun but there’s times where I just want to commit to someone.
happy birthday to your Mom!
When a monkey nibbles on a penis, it's funny in any language.
CARROT BOY only eats carrots because his name starts with carrot and he is a boy that likes carrots!
ugh, I'm sorry, I'm ashamed I made that joke. The moon is amazing!
I love how almost 3 months since I've hugged Austin, people still find me and tell me I'm so lucky for meeting him..<3
follow me please! 143 :]
also consider us a resource for all things contracting and construction! No job or question too small or too trivial!
no, they are a band...
Happy Saturday to us! We just stumbled into a Weiner dog meet-up!
Uh....pass on the babysitting adventure.
Daffodils are cheap dates of the flower world. They don't go the distance--in fact, they bloom before you get the car home. But so pretty...
Got legs in the morning. Still cripple from last week. This is gonna be fun.
Been preppin' and prognosticatin' Thinkin' positive and going to select the BMW in Colts Blue.
I'm waiting.. (waiting) on the green loop
ikr, lol i see u sleeping early?
Men And Women Models Go Check Out Risingmodelz.com and see wut the site has 2 offer. If u like wut u see sign up for $1 a month...
I DVR'ed the best of john randle sound fx... This is too good
Yo Bro Jesse, seen some of ur toys-Incredible design work dude! U know any other poc makin toys?
This committee meeting isn't just cruel to women, it's cruel to legislators. This is their spring break.
Wedding party in here now! Manis, pedis & facials all around!
is amazing mayne. Know what I'm sayin mayne? (;
i didnt know my RT had so much effect on my #TWATCHERS bruh...let it go !!!! its a inside joke cool it.
Thanks, Kevin!
Vikes give the ax to Childress....Brett Farve has a smile on his face.Farve plans to text Childress his "happy thoughts."
RT : We are going to have a rally in the ally for the caps. Wed. Night. Byob chair plate. Carnitas and Dawgs 6 bucks
and Chante birthday in June !
..Name, the Lakers are a major contender until Kobe's retirement..
Bout to go get these rough shots for this multiplicity idea for the mixtape cover.
just tried to kill me in the weight room
“: Man! What is up with this weather?.. This must be "EL NIÑO"! Lol”
Albert show them why you shoulda got paid
Watching #LongIslandMedium makes me cry every week..but I love this show. I want to meet her so bad! Drives on over to Wantagh! lol
Learned a lot today from VA Tech's ! Thanks for the great presentation! Pages of encouraging info
can't believe its only been about a year.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> Impressive!! --> “: Only up to 255 DEADLIFTS today but the reps felt solid strong and nice;)”
Mindless reload it was roc who was dancing in djsoundwave jean jacket
Being broken hearted<<<<<<<<
hahaha! Thanks a lot, and a great reminder!
What just mouthed to me>>>>>
Now that's what I'm talking about.
np! test drive us out and let us know what you think :)
Drake was a guide to my life
I'm just going to eat cheesecake and hate on Courtney for the next twenty minutes.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive: Playing the cello, srsly...#cellists are sexy. Female cellists are powerful-sexy, male cellists are steamy-sexy.
I heard there are an abundance of Pitino adidias Track Suits half off!
if you have pamdora, punch it in.
Install week at the VAC! We are sad to see the old exhibitions go, but excited to see the new ones go up!
What is your Favorite Las Vegas Hotel?
Every time The Script comes on, I like to imagine its actually singing.
Lol, you heartless bastard. Go to hell.
dang it!
Thompson, Joseph and Kabongo. PLEASE
#goodtoknow RT : The lethal dose of caffeine for humans is ten grams, or about 100 cups of coffee consumed in 4 hours.
I think I'm a little bit. A little bit in love with you.
I think the hero of today's story is going to be the sinus infection that is in residence in my head.
Follow me?<3 ;D
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're not like everybody else. We're weird & not normal, just like our idol. We like to be different.
I can't go to teen hoot because I live in narnia.
I'm sorry!! I forgot I <U+E32D>you
#RHONJ :) fun times.
keep at it. you're about to "BLOW UP"
Looks like some good eatin that Turkey is on point!!
Please follow back
For real thats why his ass is mos def getting jumped when he comes to Mass though lol
100 days baby!
WIZ SAID "U CANT COUNT ME WITH THE LIL NIGGAS NO MORE, WE MOVE LIKE WE GOT DEGREE FOR THIS SHIT
Come on, one more goal!
me omg i would die like i would scream i love ur songs but i still wish 1d would follow me!:(
This world is full of liars, and users #truth UGH
Tomorrow were hosting Holiday Hound up! Dog walk, treats, fro yo, pics and more. See you all at 2! rrrruuuuffff! That's "YAY" in dog bark!
When are they going to play one shining moment?
- loved the Eric Winston piece - total class act!
Thinking of building your own home? Check with our experts, they will guide you through the process. We design custom and stock plans
Well, hey! Missed your tweet till today :)
Byte! Bit by Bit!
But if they could, it'd be a match made in heaven! cc:
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
I did! It came in no time! We love it so much! Hubby and I don't have to scoop poo anymore! LOL. My smallest cat is obsessed.
pleased to tweet you!
Bookshelves for your library perhaps? slideshow of creative bookshelves.
Awww, thanks Laura! I look forward to meeting you in some city, some day.
"My future's so bright I gotta wear shades, niggas hating on me.. cause I'm bound to get paid" -
Cannot wait to see #HungerGames tonight!
aw :) how cutee! thanks hope all is going superblyy
Thank You!!
HAPPY LEAP DAY... WE HAVE A BONUS DAY 2 MAKE A CHANGE IN OUR LIVES.. TO REACH OUT TO A LOST FRIEND... 2 TELL YOUR LOVE ONE ”I LUV YOU!!!”
very true
Not having spell check on twitter is dum.
loved your speech at the NPC Seminar at bevs this weekend
Would you like some Mama Pita now, or later?
Just climbed up a gigantic hill. Fighting the urge to roll down it.
My son has mild Autism
No matter how bad things are u guys NEVER GIVE UP!!! EVER!!! We all belong here for a reason & a season :-)
not I, but who's on tomorrow night with me. Don't forget
An a good morning to you, !
"Nobody likes you when you're 23..." Yeah, I remember thinking omg 23 is so old. When that song came out. And I was 12.
I hate that I'm disliked by people I really care about
Thanks Amy Pohler for shouting out Upright Citizens Brigade at
welp havent been on in like forever so whats up with everyone???
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. ~John F. Kennedy
Patriots touchdown
Eminem - Lose Yourself - 06:53 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Truism: Design is a choice. It doesn't just happen.
#Coincidence It was great meeting 7moody and you ! Keep in touch !
what i wouldn't give for mine to do this.
working on new logo design with
Thankyou do you no how to make icons?
PLEASE FOLLOW!!!! I
i LOVE The Wanted
thats good! im doing great too (:
well my mom is on her way with KFC! and me to im so hungry!
is in a #NEWYORKstateofmind .. welcome to our neck of the woods! We missed ya :)
Great new site! Congrats!
what kind of beats you throw down?
Hope it passes! Such a great idea! : At hearing to make an animal abuse registry in state. Much like sex offender registry.
Awesome! I have BB Ellum session at 8:15 but can stop by for a bit to enjoy Cville EduTweetUp
Yes They Do!!! I have that ringtone for my cell phone :)
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event with Ruben Diaz, Jr in the Bronx was a total hit! We must do this again at Elmo for our Manhattan crew
Thanks Check out too.
thank u so much, this means the world!
Blaine just didn't get the memo in time.. and you should appreciate my efforts!
Our weekly news wrap up episode should drop sometime between tonight at midnight and sunrise Monday morning.
And I found out was on Twitter via How weird yet awesome is that?
Bridesmaids start out strong but quickly went downhill. Don't understand all the love.
#AStateOfBlue ALL DAY!
me too
Auction: with was amazing! Thank you to the bidders!
Thanks! RT : nothing else gets me ready for the week like
Watching Skins before going to sleep, Gives me happy thoughts c:
Economic dvlpment meeting 2nite 630pm @ Broom Factory (press 235 to get in). Topics: plans for Red House Tavern & new townhms. All welcome.
Busy day equals coffee day.
Softball,theres nothing soft about it, it just leaves a bigger bruise.
Looks like the defending champs are about to go down.
Mark Twain: You can't depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus.
Uhh.... Lake Havasu. I just spent 5 days there and it was ridic. I took a few pics of stars that I can share with you.
I missed today. I just got back to the office. Yes, I do need to post more often. Or just often.
Tired of living forever? There's a slayer for that.
haha my rule is...I can't date freshmen I can only mess with them!!!
I always get so sad when my lunch break is over
Everyone follow , he's donating 10 cents to Breast Cancer Research for every new follower he gets this month.
Still awake....
How come no one ever messes up on #TheVoice? It's live, but no falls, missed lines or nip slips! How is that?
Updating a real life finding aid today. Kind of makes me wish I had taken archives 101 before starting this job lol
RIP photojournalist and film maker Tim Hetherington and Getty photographer Chris Hondros who died in Libya today.
#MySinatra weaves the life of #CaryHoffman through the songs of his hero,
o great reminder! setting up a running date now. Patrick's Sunscreen in my pocket, of course! (don't want wrinkles)
Sending love to your feed! How have you been?
Thanks for following me to!!
I think my doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear...I overheard him telling his collegue that I had "Serious healthy shoes"
As much as I love getting dressed up, there is something so much more relaxing about putting on my sneakers &glasses to walk free
i feel really sick i am having very bad belly pain
me either -________-
Massimo Lollini F'12: new tools for rich linking & text layering, along w/ visualization of Petrarch’s early manuscripts
Great Mad Men show last night. Elevator moment! And apparently it cost around $250k to license the music at the end.
Happy Thursday! Just a day away from breaking out the Rebecca Black.
Too tired to work...
That mom beating up the 8month really hurt my heart.I wanted to jump in that mother fucking video n beat the shit out of her until she cries
Thanks to for the follow! If you have not tried mobile marketing let us help you. It's easy to reach your customers phone.
VACOLS is 400,000 records in six linked filed. Showed delays in appeals & that 13,700 vets had died while cases in the works
Hail was not in the plan of this band trip
NF. Have a great day!
Can't sleep. Tomorrow can't get here fast enough...<U+E42B>
Fux dat. Family should be an exception. You suck
Dex's (instantaneous) response: Sharon Stone crossing her legs in Basic Instinct. Classic.
Last night's Great Big Sea concert in Chicago was fantastic. Great live performance at the House of Blues. Still recovering!
Congrats to #BCHockey men's team for it's win over Air Force in the NCAA tournament. Go Eagles!!
i hate my life
unable 2 direct msg u. CSD wbsite has comments that are posted on their website with names #'s along w good feedback 4 CCAC
Yes,Mr. Thunder has been a Grammy member of the P&E Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
your voice is heaven.
The first public hearing on #LA's budget for FY 2012-13 is getting underway.
Thank you Internet - free shipping and no taxes are wonderful things
. I am an annual pass member. LOVE LLFL! Been there 4 times! Do we get to come to preview day #waterpark pls lmk!
3rd day off...exhausted...3rd day up b4 8am. This was supposed 2 b a weekend 2 catch up on sleep so i WONT b exhausted all week! Grrrr :-(
that sounds grand! how!
Gotta have a talk wit lil homie
3. day of fasting was 10 times easier than yesterday. Had a great work out, no cravings, lot of energy. I feel great!
So well said.. we need to send this love often. Blessings lovely lady
The weather today was PERFECT!
Ronnie please follow me and by the way I love ur show can't wait to see it back on in June :-)
Cotter Smith is a gem (and I'm not just saying that because he's my teacher)! I absolutely can't wait to see this!
Just Wax It and Crises Averted tonight @ 9pm, Second City Hollywood. I have a comp for you.
Truth is we mess up till we get it right... I don't wanna end up.. Loosing ma' soul... (8)' - I love you.. <3
There's someone for everyone:. Be patient
Need to get out this house. Tuesday Party!
think he was crazy the whole time
Peloff: Can't get through #MadMen because it's too painful to watch that period.
Big Show tonight on #Mariners, previewing #Huskies opponent Baylor Sigi Schmid on #Sounders new keeper. 930
"Ok, so ur probably going, 'Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?'but seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl."
Called Me Like " WTF IS !!! Lol
When I'm pissed I unfollow A LOT of people. IDGAF don't like it? Unfollow me for all I care!
Oh my god.... Seriously
thanks for your weekly support:)
At underground lounge.
Hey! Follow older brother ! ;)
lol its on facebook may as well be on twitter.
It's been a quiet week... let's kick it up a notch!!
Spam messages xD
Special thanks to the Book Sale Publisher sponsor Wisconsin Energy Foundation!
tonight we going ham one way or another , L.A what do you have for me and my homies?!!!
< Thanks for the Follow!
thanks for the follow :)
Sounds like me
B.o.b keeps getting better and better
This lady at lunch asked me if I was from California. I was so flattered!
yes we are!
Random Shoutout to ! Follow her!!(:
"Who are these lunatics, Frank?" "These are your most devoted fans." - House (1986)
Don't talk to me when it's warm n***a. I'll muthafucking embarrass you...
My 3 year old son yawns and says "I think my mouth did something sleepy"
#WHYiGive? Because each act of giving can spin off a hundred more.
what category are the "ripley's believe it or not" outposts in?
Gotta go bitch
I'm a moderate economically. I'm a Reichian, probably....by no means a Laffer nor a Misian.
It's always fun to have a sneeze attack right after putting on mascara.
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
Yes, which is a function of his lack of self awareness. Draft picks are too valuable to risk completely wasting one.
I am all too familiar with this...a vast majority of my channel's comments are SO disgusting!!
You bet! RT : Thanks for the RT!
#ThingsGirlsLove when boys try to draw hearts.
Tonight #swag tomorrow
Down came the rain and washed the spiders out.
Food Truck Wars in the morning: 40 of them from all over Florida. Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm. Live music, beer garden and more...
This bi-polar ass internet connection -____- turns back on right when i call the technical support people makin me look like an idiot
I'm reading about the 38th chapter and what i can conclude this girl never wears long pants . shorts and dress .
Today was one of those days were I just wish I could take a vacation from my life.
Tricia I looked it is fine as a discussion forum but they are is sill just opinions -- just more of them.
We would LOVE to! Give us a call or email us with the details!
You have some psychological issues. YOU'VE GOTTA HAVE THEM.
Justin Bieber Boyfrend video >>>>
come to Rockford this is cold lol
211 by me is a cool song
#WhenIGetBored I walk two houses down to my best friends house....at 5 in the morning.
I mean do you wanna make a 0? Keep being hateful.
Hagadone striking out side!!
Police seem in no hurry to escort the suspect away from 38th and T. Another MPD vehicle just arrived to join the squad cars already here.
Today, Mach 15th, might be the greatest day of the year in sports: first day of the NCAA tourney, NFL free agency and the NBA trade deadline
A Very Happy Karva Chauth to All of the Suhaagane!!! May GOD BLESS You All and Your Husbands with All the Love and Happiness! <U+E415>
YES!!!!RT : don't chase blessings...chase the One who blesses
im azz naked .. i dnt wanna move !!
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Thank you... so sweet :) You're gorgeous yourself!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Princess Leia Barbie ...Barbie with the hairdo from Star Wars
I ruined her party life.
Have taken a few days to be completely lazy in most every way. Resting my head and body.
"Don't Leave me This Way" was performed by Thelma Houston, but not written by her. (TSOP) Guess that's what I get for watching
One minute to the end of my work day!
Lazy day.
That would work! We like your spicy hot one with the peppers. Thanks for the suggestion.
Why small talk? To convey a positive personality while discussing a small thing: optimist, cheerful, positive, energetic, fun, confident
Basketball best players in order as of right now 2012 Lebron Durant Kobe
thank you...
love vibes
IT'S FRIIIDDDDDDDAYYYYYY N IM UP AL NIGHT
Going to write a song called "Laundry Room Jerks."
We're looking forward to catching up w/ our #craftbeer brethren during next week's
Formulating some new recipes today!
I love the back of the dress.
I'm a little amused that the "for dummies" books in German are "für Dummies." I can just hear that with a German pronunciation.
my pleasure. I am looking forward to watching when I get a chance to sit down. Sounds like we are both working & tweeting.
Ex-Bulldog hines Ward hopes to catch on as analyst - Florida Times-Union
"Creativity occurs in the moment, and in the moment we are timeless." (Julia Cameron)
Hello Jose how r u?
yo, good piece on hill. dont think itll hurt against denver if hes out of the lineup. but will hurt later on.
Hm someone has been acting good!
daytime during week should be parking close to mcasd.
Today is tutor day at Positive Tomorrows, one of our student's favorite days of the week!
take a bus
Dance Moms. I don't even give a fuck.
U.S. Auto Sales Rates Seen Skewed as Rebound Continues
76 years ago on this day #Yankees Rookie Joe DiMaggio made his major league debut. #5 "Joltin' Joe" "The Yankee Clipper"
is honoring Bruce Wichmann, our firm administrator, & Amy Winch, a legal assistant at Axley, as Unsung Heroes today!
I smelled ‘Cool Water’ on my way to work today. Woah, what-is-up 7th grade?!
"Ladys love beirds, ladys love chicken. Give me a chicken beard."
Disappointed w/quality of ur print materials over past 6 months -blurry printd flyrs & dot pattern printd work -whats up!?
RT : Are you a closet knitter, handbag creator, hate your "day job" and want to focus on what you REALLY want to do?......
I know! And on top of that, how will they know what you want from them if you never direct it towards them?
"The world is too dangerous for anything but the truth, and too small for anything but love" - William Sloane Coffin
back on the twitteratti after spending the past few weeks getting next release in motion. what did i miss?
eating you :D?
It is pathetic to see UCLA football and how pathetic it has become. A sleeping giant with the right coach and facility upgrade
are you guys going to Saratoga on the 9th? My hubs said hell watch the kids, but not sure my car will make it
Well, here we go...you knew it couldn't be easy, but to blow a three goal lead. Let's go Pens...
ha it's true :) that's my mom
Vote for !!! Dial 1-855-864-2301. Up to ten times per phone/online!
. The reward for their racist actions... paid vacations. What a disgrace. The rats are all jumping ship.
i was gonna change my name to Benja_Nguyen but my real name is now available. sorry lol
This Sunday! Frank Sinatra Tribute with Joe Marillo!
have you checked out and ? they're awesome
Wow today's preaching was amazing like God really moved!
anyone else just notice the "at-a-boy" tap on Palko's shoulder from Haley
I like anything described as "swirly"
Wonder how much Fiat paid to purchase
Only 2 more weeks and I'll get to see one of my best friends in the whole world here in Los Angeles. Whoot Whoot!
Teaching! On cold meds! Oh this will be fun!
E.H. would use Bieber's hair to clean his rifle RT : It's a rare man who can look like Hemmingway and smell like Bieber
Just double-checked the spelling of Miley Cyrus on Google. The shit I do for accurate celebrity tweets.
haha you're so weird.. but that's why we love you
Thanks Amanda!
would love to know when next #LinkedInChat is. Would love to join.
#ConfessionNight i act like i'm from the hood to get attention but i'm actually from juniata park
#dhtrial without a doubt DH actors were best collection of most versatile actors on a show I ever worked on. They could all do most anyth'g.
Just bought "Break The Spell" on Amazon! Thanks for letting us know about the awesome deal. Love it!!
Congratulations Cindy Polo-Serantes - you are the winner of our Valentine's Day Challenge. You will be receiving a box of Cao Chocolate's!
don't forget your surprise! i have it it my car for you/deebs to retrieve :)
Listening to #unstoppable on my beats is insane. Even more intense
The Guto is the white version of Usher.
A mocker words hurts like daggers but a wise man redirect them in a postive way. vonchell
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else.
Reaalllly hoping my bro can get the job at UNCG or even WSSU.
No more AA concerts for me.REASONS:1.they attract scary ass young alien lookin scene kids and 2.they cry when they get pushed into mosh pits
<U+2606><U+2605>Tomorrow last day of sophmore!<U+2605><U+2606>
Really exciting times for Colorado State, . Probably won't get a wink. Next game will be awesome, though - rivalry: Air Force
Taking today and tomorrow off from the gym. Another session on Saturday and cardio Sunday! Then all over again next week.
At the morris
no, going to el hospital to figure out what the hell is wrong with me
Thanks for the kind description of my students' work.
GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Its an own goal, but caused by the #FrenchResistance crashing into the 6-yard box!!!!!!!
is the balls, and that's no lie.
SHE'S HOT
Tonight! and at Velvet Lounge! 915 U St. NW/9pm/$8. Tell your friends!
well as a girl I'm tempted to say League of Their Own. Really its Sandlot. Honorable mention to Mr 3000 for obvious reasons;)
So excited to wake up to live today! It's going to be a busy weekend!
I've had two sips and a trully giddy. Hell.
GWBush "StandYourGround" from 9/11 attack was wackier than Zimmerman's version and killed over a million people.
“: Don’t sweat the small stuff.”
Should be all set, try again!
Only in south carolina would they proudly fly the confederate flag
MASSIVE SHOUTOUT TO !!!!
Haha, just couldn't focus this am! :/ RT : Ohm. Ohm.
Guys who think they have swag just cause they wear a SnapBack <<<<
wow. so not cool. whatever's. it will happen for me. it will.
if regis retires should join ripa, while they are at it tell rachel ray she spells her name wrong and get her off the air
yes only a little though :)
Secondhand Serenade - Fall For You is trending lol this doesn't make any sense but ok yes good song<3
Love hard...
yeah something that goes over the muffler underneath the car idk lol
Do they not keep you busy enough at NWE?
Just woke up, so tired, was watching twilight last night o. YouTube
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be? I'm torn between Virginia Woolf and Georgia O'Keefe.
Ok. Just checked. Yup. It's enormous. Wow. Bigger than Favre's ego.
Thanks LD. (does anyone call you that?) I hope your knee is feeling better. xo
I'm calling it early: (some) faculty become a #Gadfly to the #Church in #NYC over the next few years
Im so in love with Justin Bieber new song
Your mom < Jeffree Star
"I know we're doing CSS right now, but don't SASS me." I get bonus nerd points for making a CSS joke.
Love you too!! How was Italy?
lol like... Somewhat resembles Andy Six :P
3 of the SC top ten were Calipari players. Dorsey, , and Wow
I love how Sylvia Fine always appears on Happily Divorced! I know that's not her real name but she will always be Sylvia Fine to me!
Looking forward to this weekend...
#Everyonehasthat1Friend that they wanna be something more with.
thieves break into several body shops...find out what they took...coming up at 11
Just 2 be clear, UK would lose. Charlotte is atrocious & tms dont play starters but no way are they going 2 allow themselves 2 lose 2 UK.
hope your ready for me nd rob to com back
I hate goodbyes :'(
Fergie Duchess of York the utlimate example of entrapment and the undervaluation of mothers and women present in western society
anii de:C:C e sheh :P
Happy Thanksgiving!
Need Ah New Default... Any ideas ?
Thank you!
Have I met her? No. So, yes I mind that she can hang with you and the guys and I can't
what are you directing these days?
I don't like your shirt. You should just take it off..
Seriously, people go to #Stagecoach?
Andy Pettite signs Minor League deal with the Yanks, getting the band back together?
the sparknotes community is so strange
Each workout is broken down so that learning is easy and you can grow at your own pace.
yes!! i want that too
for sure man I'm here all break
Pound for pound should easily win against anyone. But will American race issues get Romney in the WH?
How does one whole side of a town smell like garlic??
Everyday we get a little closer.
Cheers to a great afternoon!
I miss you! That's all.
Happy ground hogs day
Good morning Twitter fam! Everyone have a good day :)
#20thingsaboutme 4. I'm really insecure, but everybody tells me they can't understand why.
In order to be the man you have to beat the man!
Your time is coming soon.
I walk into my bathroom and my dog walks out of the shower #whattheactualfuck. And she scared me too lmao
Mfs get mad when you be real with dem but they always say just be 100 with me.
sorry baby I love you
Well, thank you so much! Nice to have your vote of confidence :-)
what a loser
and you KNOW THIS..man!
follow me. PLEASE. I love you.
true mom & dot nonsense i am sure!!! Have fun :)<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
I'm gonna make some tacos tonight thanks to lol!
#mywordoftheday #enjoy // life, love, liberty and the pursuit of happiness
"… and to violate would be oppression." - Thomas Jefferson's first inaugural address, March 4, 1801
Hoffman: terrorists can frame their own message on Web in ways not possible before Internet.
I think Turley Curd is a moniker for Curley Turd that he knows he can't say on the radio.
With three rows of seating, the MKT's unique suspension system promises a comfortable ride for up to seven passengers
Thank you, Sarah! Happy Mothers' Day!
I need a job and I'm not gonna stop looking til I find one
happy birthday (party)!
By sending daily emails with 30% discounts I guess.. lol ...
Beautiful day
Celebrating International Coaching Week ~Multicultural Coach for his great work
Tonight we'll be chatting with about their translation app and the future of voice command technology. Join us at 10pmCT/8pmPT
5 a.m. bedtime after major project work is done. 8:30 alarm. Not asking students to do anything I won't do.
Listenin to Under the Mistletoe in May ...(; lmfao <3
whos next to perform@ nine72 after hour..........you decide
re: #interracial families in short ch books: try series, Brendan Buckley's Universe, Calvin Coconut, Tiger Turcott
Yea Ms. Reilly's exam
BOOM! Thanks for being a part of it all...
No matter how hard you try, someone is trying a lil harder than you
this is good news!! I am trying to write more, send good vibes! Let's do Jake's Deli one of these days!
make it FabulousTweetpeeps
... TOO delicious.
“: yesterday, I learned why you don't do paintball for your birthday party cc: ” lol
ready to go pump some iron.
12 s/b, 9, probably. There may be some stuff 9 yo doesn't get, but it's inoffensive. One has some blood, but no sex or violence.
This masters 6 screen coverage is something serious
where have you been bitch
It's a compliment and you better say thank you. lol.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors deliver high CV value.
I bet!
Trying to imagine what it would b like to live in a country w/ Santorum & Gingrich in charge. Painful just thinking about it.
just DM the names. And why are you at their table?
#fridayreads also reading The Castle of Otranto for school.
what do we get out of this? Seems like Colleen and I are doing all the work.
PAUSE-Continue to pray for the Seau family. Pastor Miles is on KOGO right now and Fox5 at 10pm sharing his thoughts
so wait, if Mayweather is going to jail for beating up his ex-GF, why do people like him so much?
Special thanks to for being the first radio station to play our music. Just a few weeks later we're being picked up by !
New Client: Aztec Construction, Inc. - New website coming soon for this MN based company. Excited to work with this client.
Watch the big game tonight at Fatso's!
#IUBB fans and #UK fans may never get along but both share an intense passion for basketball. Check out some of latest tweets
Please create a #ItsAlwaysSunny themed #storagewars, you could so much with that #FX "storage war, storage war!"
personally I like Blackberry but hate their utter lack of vision
Glad to hear it! Yes, I get a little better each day. :)
its early but the weather is going to be very warm today in ATL. It was kinda hot yesterday, so dress for it :)
Feed my sheep. No problem.
* Dreams are unrealistic, impractical, demanding -- & absolutely essential to living a rich and fulfilling life. *
these Yankee games lately are painful to watch !
OMG... I've heard "Stronger" like 5 times in the last 10 minutes & I can't help but think of !! :)
There were some moments of bromance during that last song with 's Gary lighted and
happy Birthday Kendall.
god night bed time <3
I heard you got engaged Janel, congrats! We saw your engagement photos online! Lovely!!!!
Learn to make your point within one to three minutes it will keep you relevant.
#best90squotes You are the weakest link, good bye
officially signed with 1 of the TOP agencies in town! Thanks for making me 1 of the cool kids
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth!!!
GAB, "and a recall election to fill her seat will be held without her name on the ballot."
win and beat the Shitcago Cubs! Great 2 b at miller park. Aren't cubs baby bears? Bears and cubs both suck
In a worth dying for mood.
do you mind checking your DMs from me?
I hate mothers day, the end.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.Flaubert,G.
Stayed home today:)
thanks Adam! Appreciate your presence.
Agreed. It seems incredibly outrageous for someone who has had a pretty good reputation in the past.
RT : At one time doctors recommended cigarets for digestion! < Cocaine cough medicine was OTC. Both give to preg women.
today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!
You should follow me(:
Lunch date=Portuguese breakfast special=so deliciously full. Haven't eaten this much since I don't know when. Not liver-friendly but whatevs
haha yeah we kinda have been strangers :P and its alright
girls were fun, exciting and eager to work the cam
Thanks for the follow just started working with an #SEO company, Ill be learning from your feed.
Had a wonderful day and evening of campaigning for Walden, Jarvis, and Eisenhower!
Trust me, they'll be one of the first stops!
I'm off my game this morning. I blame...um...myself.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties! ~ Anonymous
Don't drown the man who taught you to swim
u never hit me up
lightweight lol. Have fun
awww. so cute!!!
Merry Christmas Eve! Have a great day(=
Waiting to see Hunger Games minus all the screaming 13 year olds. One perk of empty afternoons.
Allen Cooper invites us to join families in acknowledging the west Mesa murders. On 400 Roma NW, Sept 18
#yourock yep! That's one of the many reasons I love Maker Studios!
In which case, I should still get it. Because. I'm a boss
Glad you enjoyed the ice cream!
One Direction Mania: Activated! gonna buy their album, go to their concerts, buy merchandises! their music AMAZING!
#ThingPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Take Shit Off My Plate Without Asking .
My second to last tweet that's starts with "see " I think is the best one
of course not! You know darn well Delilah doesn't air in Omaha until later!
Time for a run!!
Welcome man! Hope things are well with you!
Fantasy Ink: Weird Tales, J. Allen St. John
Accidentally did some screenwriting today. I knew my complete lack of a social life would eventually be revealed as my mutant power.
lol.. no it's crushed stone. Just looks like dirt. ;)
If God didn't want me to drink too much beer he would not have made to so cold and yummy
see what
Our mascot is a vengeful God
I totally agree! It was totally worth the pain on monday! (And I totally got a major thigh/butt workout!) HA!
Au contraire, your #tweet was excellent. I'm just drilling into the how, as much as the what and the evil, of the embedded app.
Buffalo has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
#zap You would tweet me back, bro /:
Really glad is back. I wasn't too comfortable with having a backfield filled with 1 or 2 yr players. His blocking is vital
yes no service...still problems
what's good my brotha !!!
Thanks to all who made our first day on the East side worthwhile.
Your such a slut
lol well maybe you shouldnt get in whipped cream fights...
going purchase a football helmet for me and a dome size bucket for big head
The song that makes you think of a specific person
I just took the most amazing hour nap. It was so needed. Now time for business...
Alley Katz it is gentlemen. Tower of power!! Haha
no idea but mad props for mentioning one of my favorite bands of all time
is this a quiet subsidy to private sector.
#iwoulddoanythingfor some chocolate
People will respond to you on Twitter if you are helpful to them says at
Goodbye twitter/life. Be back in a week. );
#followmekianlawley just do it already
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
ill be there too matty
still waiting too how timberlake's purchase might revive it.
What goes around comes around. That’s what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I'll miss you Jarret Johnson & Cory Redding. Sincerely. But have fun not winning a Super Bowl.
Welcoming new client, Mary Feldt with Park Towne.
ahh ok Good deal.
It's open already?
5 second call??? Are u SERIOUS??? NBA refs= fail
what's the name? And where are you from?
Yep! As of a few weeks ago. MT : Wait, is now ?! good to know! :)
It's College Radio Day! Can anyone tell us where to find DeVry University's station?
Will look it up right now! -J
Hey. I'm pretty sure I know the answer, but are you going to be in NY for my graduation?
Took my iPhone out its case to change the screen protector, forgot how sexy this phone was so sleek
#Glee or #fun.? Can I join?
No. You do not have the right to whine about the line-up of a show that's FREE. Sorry.
"she had split ends and a really cheap dress” #punkd omfg crying
#Romney Praises #MegWhitman Poised 2 Cut 30k #Jobs. #Romney fired thousands of Americans @ Bain, he would respect #Whitman firing 30k ppl
Who ever heard of a rich liberal anyhow? Although... u gotta make bank to cop a nice bag of weed these days. Got that going on..
craving coconut water w/ the pulp!! See what you do to me!! Lol love ya girl!!
We do it.
Why has been suspended?
Still No Power
howdy there..doing well here..we should chat soon..love to catch up
Happy birthday - hope it's been a good one.
Thank you for saving #Cougartown!!!
ough, should be celebratin it everyday instead of waitin for one day to finally decided to do somethin nice. Its still a regular, jus wi ...
On my way to the Hilton for #2011grantsshowcase ; traffic is backed up on 240; going east on walnut grove instead
man you're really missing out kid this life is great lbs hahaha let me stop rubbing it in
The Four Ms. Bradwells by is (finally!) my
truuuuuuuuuuuu........we gotta match up
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into a even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill- designed for the purpose.
I heart #SkyPriority. Your #LGA Terminal C team rocks!
Thanks, I appreciate it! And yes I am
Follow owner of
Always nice to go back to things you've written and find that they actually make sense.
at least i got my acg boots
Hahaha! It's DJ twitter rush hour.
AC BABY AC PARTY :)
VHS or Beta just blew up the Empty Bottle people. Soul clap?
HAHAH I'm the one who taught HIM LOL
Brr cold! And 60 next week??? Crazy
re: loading down citations with tons of metadata. IMO, citations should be lightweight - let's not try to boil the ocean
Thanks for the RT! You really are Rev. Danny Fisher, right?
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a wonderful day with all your little miracles <3
she's just hoping it has a conversation with her.
I really should go to bed
Yay! When are you going?
Fuck g shock watches for not letting me buy the one I wanted
I lift things up up an but them down
you should! And when you do, feel free to say hi... or throw tomatoes at me lol
I need to learn to drive a stick and get my god damn lisence. I am sick of being told no when I ask for a ride to school.
Just added on KPIG 107.5 in Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo " Who do you think you're foolin" and Between the lines." Yay!!
Never letting my little sister barrow my black converse ever again. -____-
fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug....
Are you going to make it to our #SLP presentations tomorrow?
Sam Adams is the main reason I know what season it is.
We're aware that the site is down. We're working to get it back up soon! Thanks for your patience!
In Fallbrook this AM - homicide detectives spent the night searching a home as part of the investigation into Brittany Killgore's death.
#exnavy ad on #facebook... the rest should read.... hurry... theres still time.... join the #army before you family finds out you're gay.
HAM!RT : whatcha think bout it
miss you too baby girl. Feels better my love.
Wait, today is Friday? Cool....
Very solid road win for the Hoosiers tonight @ NC State.. Final 86 - 75. Best of the Crean era
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. If we are to fear anyone, it should be God. We live in awe and aspiration of Him.
Twitter takes one's sense of entitlement to a whole new level.
I love reading your tweets because I know your watching the parade too !
when are you coming back
you mean ?
& that's the truth. Not even a #Redskins fan but man if my #Chiefs woulda figured out a way....#*(#&&%
Because of shock value? RT Karmin SERP rank is #2 for "suicide roll hairdo" see the power of keyword marketing?
Happy 4th! The studio and store will be closed today. We'll be back as usual tomorrow!
Derek Lowe retires the Angels 1-2-3 in the first inning
make that 13
P.S. if you got a direct message from our Twitter account DON'T RESPOND -- it's phishing
Thanks!! BTW you are in a very nice part of KY.
#NABEFCareerFair is coming to Vegas! Get a job in TV or radio, talk with a broadcast industry career coach and network with recruiters!
anyone who has an iphone, facetime me now.
i just waiting :(
dont know if were making more but if we start selling them ill let you know
It's nice to start feeling almost human again.
In my internet country, WLNIA, too.
Dry time in PNW. Make sure to stock up on water.
U needa bring some of your friends down here lol
thanks for the shoutout ! we like you too!
Yeah, do that and eat your Wheaties and you might actually live to see 5 feet tall!
everyone went to see Bundy pitch.
i'm gonna annouce my follower of the hour 17 mins so tweet me if u wanna be my follower the the hour :D
Nothing better than being with your family , & appreciating someone really special , I love you mom (:
FUCK that is so me. my frizzy ass hair ._______. lol it was gabby i know it!! lol
I think that's good for me!
hey I saw you!
Any list of 100 Great Guitarists that does not include Keith Richards but does include Skrillex is ultimately very artful trolling.
Er ignore that last tweet. Niece is competent!
Thanks for becoming members! DM us your info and we'll make sure you're all set. Happy Monday!
Blk i p's more important Fergie didnt perform well at all. The Chx from glee was lame 2. She's sang well just dnt like the way it ws dun
Happy Birthday! Thanks for watching!
did my dog really just chew my headphones.... again.
will do brotha
Now that was fun. Lets ride this.
"Common sense" is grossly over-rated and may be the antithesis of disciplined Critical Thinking.~Don
Need to plan LUNCH!
The more we dwell on what we don't want, the more we get it.
Hello (Cleveland in) Miami!
tweeting to get connected
Not yet, but it's in the works. Thank you for asking. I'll be sure to let you know when it's up and running.
did i take nyquil instead of dayquil or am i just this drowsy..what is wrong with me today.
You were?! I must have missed you!!! How are you? How was your taping?
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Awesome - looking forward to it!
hahaha yes it is :) x
A lot of Brewers fans are in denial. Braun cheated.
i luuuuuuv it....this is my motto...i try 2 emphasis this 2 ppl all the time..i call em "CC's" aka Chronic Complainers
TONIGHT WE ARE YOUNG SO LET'S SET THE WORLD ON FIRE
WTF my laptop is gonna die grr
these are the best quotes ever ! Happy to find some with out cuss words finally !
Slick Living Apparel from
Tonight lets be lovers, then tomorrow go back to being friends.
help me get my 50 in ts :)
Lol @ cutting our neighbors tree. Even though she clearly told us, she'd call the cops if we ever touch her tree again.
yeah . were recording our EP for Maybach Music, but we got some fam over at Konvict.
both information meetings went great. thanks to everyone who showed up. keep spreading the word around and get more girls to join
Can you play Stellar Phoenix by David Geftakys? plz?
IN LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN OMG LOVE IT !!! We must meet. K ? K <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VIEJA!!!!!! Love you :D
Whale Wars finale
That moment when you feel like everything's falling down.
If you. had a wise or a planning in life what would it be
All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost
this cold air making me sleepy...
Budget vote today. Don't forget to vote Rocky Point!
If u missed it Blake Shelton's @ Salt River Fields & we have tickets 2 give away 4 Woodjock fans. We'll keep u posted how u can win!
Oh, boy, dog-gonnit. The Wife's been using my computer again, which means I just sent a bunch of emails to librarians . . . from my wife.
it may be that more people prefer to be passive audience vs. active community?
I call dibs on her lol ;D
Looking forward to my lunch date tomorrow with at :-)
The 5th six weeks ends on April 12. I'm counting the days.
Can we see it online ?
I just supported Gran Lakou dancing troupe in Haiti to buy costumes for Karnaval. They are a proud and talented LGBT inclusive...
Yes! RT : Hey Houston startups, coming to ?
USA Waterpolo is interested in me!
Spurs starters: Tony Parker, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and Tim Duncan.
It is a monstrous moment w/the glasses, but the play prepares you for it; Kitty's taken every other thing away from her.
Show on the 10th at Brooks Landing starts @ 7 and goes til midnight. The line up of performers is like a who's who in ROC entertainment !!!!
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Traffic already!!! Watch out with all the stupid idiots on the road!
is Facebook looking to buy ? I'm seeing a lot of facebook friends being very active on quora all of a sudden...
u the baddest of them all
Hi! Do you have tips on how to foster constructive conflict and hence more collaboration in a totally conflict averse culture?
hopefully the sub did some teaching/learning while not following the lesson plan.
New biz idea: an "Unsubcribe All" button. Removes you from all junk email lists in 1 click. Anyone? Google? Bueller?
Overhead business students talking about paying taxes: "It's weird. The more you make the less you get back."
where's ?
If it walks like a duck & talks like a duck it is defiantly a pilar bear in a duck costume.
I ain't never got used to... Being what I used to.. Be
This the type of weather Mr Rogers would come out too & speak the bullshit
Jordan says the district will also creation of an option on the hotline for employees to report wrongdoing
#BurgMYT I ate pizza.:-) 5 today. Had a great week!!!
I still cant figure out how da fuck my nigga get killed n he was n da POLICE CUSTODY
That one person you can count on for anything >>>>>
It's the struggles you manage on your own which your friends nor family can see which makes you independently stronger
One of the most difficult things to do is to think of a color that doesn't exist.
Here we go again SMH
I always knew you'd be a star!" sighted on late lunch & a beer on the near west side earlier this week" LOLZ
Thanks for the follow back!
official timeout in 3rd of
Sounds interesting. Will we be seeing some report or publication based on this investigation that we can take a look at?
me too. Ive got a hunch my examples are linked but I might be crazy. Hopefully reading Steigler/David's answer will fix my brain
lol gone on some where bear ! don't start with me !
Being good and making money is not an either/or. You have to be creative, but you can do both.
For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations. ~ Amen and Amen
The link to the the clip from yesterday's show points to the wrong segment! Desperately. Want. To. Link.
To do list: get on a plane to #Kauai tomorrow morning and forget about everything else.
yes, I know just how lucky I am!!
thanks for the follow. Look forward to your tweets! I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
“: If Colorado doesn't..enact #CivilUnions, we will look like Mississippi & be really ashamed of ourselves really soon.”
I would much rather try it than see it being demonstrated to me, which may be the easiest way to show, but not to learn it
2dayyyyyy!!! I can't wait... i go to and we go to....? NeXt session <33
Just had an interesting debate on difference between social darwinism&natural selection. Sad it was in need of clarification
“: yes. ! I obvi counted you. Heck you're staying with me there the whole summer ....” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
everyone looks great on this montage, but Adam Sandler looks like he was off to get bagels at the bodega
ur not jeep cool anymorr, trader
you have the worst tweets
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Question from the audience: What's a typical day like?
#1thingiwant4christmas is a girlfriend that doesn't seem to have a problem with never ending reflections of eternal love
Who the lineup this year for SILYMI?
We are super excited to visit Live this afternoon!
One hour until Texas and Cincy tip off in Nashville! Tweet us your score predictions!
We have to take advantage of these situations when we can. :)
they're all at working making lattes...
Another bar receipt in my purse, I need to stop taking my card out with me
WE can get some LOVE from the NHL Network!!!!!! Say what's up to Mike J. Check you guys out on the Network tonight. DEEP!!!
Morning! Mom says she is going 2B hell on wheels 2day. ? I don't care if she's the Pope just feed me. Gotta go sit by my bowl and look weak.
thanks for "favoriting" my tweet! I am a life coach and we started a new page to chat, I would love to share the link?
Not belated. Ditzy Colleen thought you posted that yesterday. Derp. ;-)
I would love a barebones playlist. Also team tactical. I wouldn't mind having 5 or 6 ppl in co-op.
Aw no don't! I posted the link you can watch it :)
Your just somebody that I use to know
RT : Gayle Smith of the National Security Council says food insecurity undercuts, inhibits 's priorities for the world.
I haven't changed my BG in like two years. Because what it says hasnt changed and never will. I'll always be proud to support
right back at ya! (__)3
Twin Cities archdiocese says gave $650K last year to support gay marriage ban; dwarfed by anti-amendment group but others still to report.
^ I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my...
At iron works studio wit & workin on this record.
HAPPY to b member of Family. Instructions from WolfPAChg to follow?
New days, new ventures... Email/mention for blogger opportunities ! Also we are looking for clothing designers to work with.
The Script & Maroon 5 > you unless you're drake (;
HA HA, LOL, LOVE THE CHOCOLATE STRENGTH! I'm working on the wine now! lol Have a fab day gorgeous!
Ima just go jump off a cliff now
We do! Check out the front of the store the next time you drive by! If the weather is nice we usually have it extended.
Next few weeks are London, LA, Vegas and NYC, but hopefully Oz for Xmas. Hop that pond!
Very fun show at tonight!
excellent. Put it on the calendar.
: we should make a distinction between metaphors and vague language. Vagueness is precisely defined, though hard to model
Yay Friday & payday!!
SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. Daily deals with meaning...coming soon to
": xo .. I want a lot of goodmorning tweets when I wake up" goodmorning big daddy primo lmfaoo (:
we are anxious to hear your style tips ;) tonight at our #WeddingCakeVodka launch!
If you aren't at The Mill in Prattville, get here! It's going to be a fun show!
lavender essential oil is supposed to keep moths away and it smells better than naphthalene
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information. Thank you
Dallas is working today! Haha
Sending a proposal to FO on Monday for your services. Text me back ASAP.
Finally back home. Where I belong<3
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
But how we know who to look for? & how would we know if we found him, ? Man w/ journal?
okay sweet tizz
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We definitely couldn't be who we are without you-especially &
At post office, pink Floyd playing, funny!
Big Idea: students can choose what to do and can be proud of the product (eg building a solar car, or developing a musical instrument
RT You don't create jobs by cutting thousands of jobs that educate ppl on how to get or create better jobs.
Still on a high from our amazing show with SWOON at the Cantab last Saturday. Thanks to everyone who came out!
I'm a lucky girl living in Tucson Arizona, enjoying the sunshine and good weather here. I like to DIY things a lot!
Dog that shit already leaked and is weak as hell RT : #LASERS 2days !!
Pumpkin Pie "Oh My! Your feet will not only laugh w/yummy thoughts, but will thank you for this Holiday scented Foot Scrubby
I wanna go to Menchies this week!
Are a member of FetLife?
Its never too cold for ice cream!
It makes me sad to know that no matter how important you are to me I'll never be that important to you...
reckless kelly, sunny sweeney, mickey and the motorcars, and the damn quialls!! Awesome weekend!!!
.: Wondering if you want to sign wave for DM me. We'll hook you up w/ a sign.
“: One of a #Gemini's coldest features is their ability to totally detach themselves from any emotional situation #GeminiSignz”
Took 18 hour flight from LA to Bangkok with 18 month old across the aisle from me. She was nearly flawless--only one little whine
great service and wonderful company!
My wife's laptop is about gone. It'd be a better investment to toss it into the freaking ocean. Then it'd be a Dell...rolling in the deep.
you'll kill it! But when's Boston's show?!
I love the sound you make when you shut the fuck up ;)
It's a good day: graduates from Full Sail University today, and has her MFA reading tonight. So proud of these women!
Looking for a Richmond, VA Realtor for a friend who's planning to sell. Any suggestions?
<U+266C> Hi Kathy Thank you so much for following Archie-Rose Music. "When you have Music in your life, you are never alone" <U+266C>
Congrats to #WilliamsF1 and Pastor Maldonado on their win today in Spain!
Baaahhh!!!! (sheep sound)
. and put a bong in the dugout ferchrissakes. whatever it takes to hit the reset button. go #sfgiants !
it's usually BLAMEstorming not BRAIN storming that happens!
1st place or 2nd place they are still gonna spank the Bulls in the playoffs like they did last year .
Please dont face Big Show.
oh you know...just to like Target and stuff.
Welcome to the Space Room Lounge, where dreams are known to come true.
First WaPo delivery at the new address and there aren't any coupons. I'm not paying for news!
Have you told your friends about us?! Share our page! & Stay tuned for exclusive offers :)
YOU'RE MEAN.
“: Texas is by far the best!” Whys that?
Text me
Want the Youtube link? <3
it's ok <3
Just finished taping "Newsmakers" with Bill Bryant of WKYT. Now headed to Covington to participate in the Magistrates Candidate Forum.
Sorry it was a little loud at the start of your meal!
We gravely regret any harm we have brought our members in the process of launching our protest via
I love your guys' song!! It's flipping awesome!! [:
Face value is $15 each. $60 for all 4 seats.
thanks!!! Yours ain't too bad either! And thanks for representing my birth town! Namaste!
Way to go Obama... it takes a tremendous amount of strength to go stick with your convictions rather than give in to the will of others...
By saying that people are going to think we are going to have a 3 way. Hahaha.
i tried aha
done and done! Every day we are closer!
I did thats why I was like HAHA WHAT RT : Omg it's a Ja'mie King quote like how dare you not know that one.
no sleep… but i finished my 20 page paper!!!!! my prof said i couldn't do it in 24 hours i did it in 12!!!! and its 30 pages :)
Sorry I guess I am too busy on my #reading level to be on your CIA level
Such a beautiful day out
Locke horks for great justice! Chilly MN love from our emergency vet pro-cat Mhenlo <3
Pleasure! Thank you for supporting Boys Hope Girls Hope of Detroit!
even has 100000 followers more than u. It's kind of embarrassing please do something about that thx
- Today is taking forever! I just want to go see and
Hello and good morning. In order to bring social media to vegas...i need help putting on an event. We need 25 people to make this happen.
No I dnt but you get use to it after so long RT : You Like Staying Up ?
Awww,.. I love ya love! Oh ok,.. I'll be waiting for your call ; ) Have a good day at work!
The Mail Online overtakes the New York Times website as the most visited newspaper site on the web, according to new data.
I just said "circle back" on a call. Someone please punch me in the back of the head
ONE UP WELCOMES THE GATHERING OF NATIONS TONIGHT !!!! GRAND ENTERY PARTY TONIGHT !!!
How the hell does my mom ban me from leaving the house until she comes home when I have to go grocery shopping for her ???
Epictetus~ Know first who you are and then adorn yourself accordingly.
would love to read some of your stuff
Hey Debbie. Miss seeing you here in ABQ. How are you?
OH BET UR ASS I IS!
cool. I last talked to them in Jan. and they were still working out the kinks so I was just curious.
fresh at 106 - From Pucci to Pudding
I wait in line, make my order, wait even more for crap coffee. Thanks for sucking… I'm going to
Best Hooks gig yet. Roll on 2011. I can't thank you all enough.
newt is always ok.
Follow of the Laredo Lemurs! #bigJON has #LemurFever !
Where did they host big conferences on campus before WID and the new Union South?
Just get out here and work. Thats what we did before social media. Maybe I'm old, but... ah nevermind
I'm gonna cuz I miss u!
Hi!! Can you you email me at regard a celeb event for Bo Jackson in June. Thanx!!!
Ben Vershbow, NYPL, also mentions “edge to core”; emerging as a key concept
They tell you what to know but it's better to believe.
What did the Horny Goat get on his SAT test?
Testing from my phone
SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARIN
Haven't tweeted in forever! #miss twitter :(
back on T61 but not as active as before. No community tools. :(
Good Morning tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Writing a simple javascript for a mouse rollover to text. Just landed another web redesign job! colemensurveying.com/newsite/indext.htm
Haha great plan! :P
late night officer meetings! :)
Now carrying Flying Dog Brewery's Raging Bitch IPA & Founder’s Dirty Bastard! We didn't name them! We just like the way they taste.
Well Milwaukee, congrats on the sustainable, local restaurants
good news is she's at home, in her own bed, with family. it would be great to go that way.
I will have to send out a pound of Neuske's bacon to you both as a token of appreciation.
Online Rehab for Alcohol and Drug Addiction can help all family members. Low Cost! $399 for 90 days. www.OnlineRehabClinic.com.
The scenes set Beyond the Wall on #GameofThrones are unbelievably gorgeous. Where is that?
A zip code should not determine a childs destiny
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You*
excuse both of you. It's Katniss and I believe I'm your girl?
Q1A/Q2A: (Echoing others) New tech tools becoming second nature - we'll see increased specialization with narrow niche beats
heading back to San Francisco
I love u bestfriend
Is this true??
oh jeez, wont happen if there's no instigation
Well, I must say...Rock winning clean was indeed a huge surprise.
On Metro in DC and fellow rider is reading Emory Public Health magazine. Emory is everywhere!
OMFG I HATE CRYING!!!!!!!! UGH SOMEONE TALK TO ME IM LONELY AND SAD
Just When I Said I Want Some Reese's. Good Reese's Pieces I Just Found. (:
It got real lol RT How I dream about fighting some girl for taking my parking space at Popeyes -- lol
well.... remember what you were like or who you were before the epiphany...
Had a crazy as night wit mah niqka's wish the bro' was chylling wit us to. // now on mah way to the casa
who does everyone pick for the superbowl?
That awkward moment when someone asks you to sign their yearbook, & you don't even know them. Lol
Wow! thank you *blushing*
I hate Omniture.
lmao let's play real base ball
I was just about to drop something from my cart because amazon had a better price, suddenly $65 auto discount!
turn-based strategy game called Proximity (unpolished proof-of-concept is in my twitter pics). Will keep eye out 4 Waking Mars!
Getting BurgerKing for lunch with my dad (:
Where are the #SWMadison group photos? On a Facebook Page? I totally nailed the jump-with-hands-up-while-sitting-down shot! #TAGME!
I don't get it. Is this some kind of april 1st non prank?
Mosdef is a sensational rapper
“: William Gay needs to released after the game. RT this” should have been released after the Superbowl
I might have read one of her pieces, but never really heard of her until yesterday. So crazy how quickly it escalated.
lets get married.
We will soon be traveling to #Orlando again for a #Convention. Did you know we drive double the amnt of traffic to your booth?
Rebel needs clans so we can spotlight them on our website! casual, hardcore, it doesnt matter! get at for details! RT
: thanks for the reminder!
B Thankful fr Being Alve! Love to one and ALL!
Live debate tonight! channel 9, 7pm, or listen on KUOW. Debate will be on KCTS9.org afterward. #seattle ^jh
#SMSK tickets go on sale this Thursday at all area Wegman's... 6/9, 2 bands, Nola's. Come party wiht !!!
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
Just when you think you've hit rock bottom, it gets worse.
This Week's Coffee Chats will host the Tiger Woods Learning Center (Tues) & Corporate Executive Board (Wed) Come chat with us!
But many of the opponents were women, too...
I think there is one at the natural history museum
Considering my job, I should know better than to fall for these too-good-to-be-true social marketing 'offers'. There's ALWAYS a catch. DOH!
When she makes sure to say "friends" 3 times in 3 conversations, I think there's some subtext happening...
thank you :) <3
Ok. Fast #Day1. Had to go out w/ a bang for last night. We actually took it quite easy but wine was necessary.
Its been a looonngggg day.
Just sent u a text since I couldn't DM u back on here my man.
Cleveland Critical Mass is two weeks from today, help spread the word!
is pleased to announce that we have teamed up with Metro Family Massage and now offer great massage packages for our brides!
did big bubba get to u last night........
that's what I was told. (:
I was being thick. Wasn't at last night's debate, but thought I remembered Carl being absent. Nope. Some other.
No reinstall yet - just installed it today. Thought it might have something to do with Jetpack, as I haven't used that before.
I was always terribly shy, so a great thing that acting has done for me has forced me out of myself and made me more generous. - Judy Davis
lol i was finna say fucki it, back in tha lab tonight
Beat gramma is cards
uhh... I think you spelled 'kidrauhl' wrong ;P
thanks for making your guess about the restaurant. I'm looking fwd to see who guessed right!
All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.<3
“Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.” Iyanla Vanzant
RT "Be ungettable and you shall get."
ahh, miss that place!! See, now you have a reason to miss Rich city
For a second there, thought music shelflisting would be easy. Then I picked up a Chopin piano sonata. But success!
Ah! Probably. Oh well. It might improve my Klout score.
It doesn't say it'll be Parks & Rec and Community's final seasons though. Unless I'm reading it wrong.
I love when u get into ur car and 4 songs in a row are ur favorites! What r the chances of that!
Bulls giving a lot time to their starters. Pointless game, too. R the pacers that much under their hide?
Paul Lambert has a LOT of football experience in that head of his. Very underrated.
I'm at Beta Brokers, where are you? Check in on neybor.com on your mobile.
Happy Easter!! Love U, 2!!
My cooking tonight is a study in cross-contamination. would be so, so proud. And by 'proud' I mean 'weeping uncontrollably.'
RT : Rokita amendment will reduce the number of employees at Department of Education.
"holy shit I got u good fucker" "eat the soap rabbit" "oh hell gimme the god damn soap!!"
Sales today at Sherwood location: 20% off all furniture, buy one get one free DVDs, CDs, and TVs so you can relax indoors with the AC on!
Thank you for the #mention! Have a great night :)
nicely done, #BU. and are pretty solid followups to
Don't be a girl that needs a man. Be a girl that a man needs<3
Yes! Just when I thought the show couldn't get any better...
I ain't even made that they hating on Lebron! F*** it! Join the damn club!
Hi Mona!!!
Just checked-in at the CHEERS Beverage Industry Conference!! Going to be a great 3 days!!
It has to end no later than May 9. They will run out of legislative days by then.
Ha! Oh lordy. Have fun this weekend cheering on Lyd!!
Exhale love.
Choose Strife
pause. Like for real for real cancelled?
Off work, going to see me best for a bit :)
why is every episode of Cops shot in Broward County, FL or somewhere near Melbourne? explain please!
Nice piece on Copycat Project
Btw first day at work went well
Today was quite an unusual day. I carried the weight of unfinished business most of the day. Thank God for tomorrows
Craig Sager's suit actually looking pretty normal today
So smart. It amazes me sometimes
Al picks up the valuable shoe sales account for Sterling Cooper Draper Bundy on this week's
I am in love with
God Bless you my Brother. Love from Miami. Would love t o open an outreach in this city. We need it.
Big Brothers Big Sisters hosts "Bigs" & other friends @ fun mixer tonite 5-8 at Humphrey's on Laclede Ave. Join us!
why does my tuesday have a case of the mondays?
Ok Cool. I have a meeting in midtown at 7:30. Gonna try to make it after if it doesn't go too late.
tinker tailor soldier spy at union south yo
Awesome tribute to the troops from Keith Urban.
An effective SEO campaign can bring a higher return on your investment than any other type of marketing for your company. Pls RT
Try Annie's or Kashi brand granola bars, they're 100% natural and one of the best choices!
Ur welcome love!! Good luck with the NYX face awards i helped u out with alil vote! I thought ur entry was super cute:)
Thanks for the queue feature! Excited to have the ability to prioritize my bookmarked course list.
Thanks to for sponsoring keynote, Glen Heimstra,
Great reporting Pierre and It takes balls to make the decision but Radulov has been lazy and a disappointment
Take that task on your list you've been dreading & do it first! Better to get it out of the way. Or if it's a maketing task, just call us!
Come see us tomorrow. We open at 11am.
Android phone back on deck. Guess I'm back to tweet life :)
This shit is serious
UPLOAD THAT SHIT
Thank you for the bday wishes, ! Was a wine + sun soaked weekend, sprinkled with pastries :)
Heyy r either of yall goin to pride this summer ?
And in a shocking development, it's Sunday night and I can't sleep...
I agree
I forgot about you last night for the first in a long time I did . I hate getting messages from you. I hate the things you do.
Thank you for your awesome guidance last week re a video and renting a microphone! Very kind of you to always help.
I wonder if the Republican House number falls below 30 in the KY State House after all the redistricting and current members leaving??
It's the 2nd round of the playoff edition of team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00! Bring your game face people!
Ibanez can you at least WORK the at bat?
Day off, so...I'm digging into Pottermore. Nine months after everyone else. Yeah! So hip.
Music Monday! Plugged in the earphones at work =) Listening to... Taylor Swift: You belong with me. Tweet if you are strongly opposed ;p
that sunburn from last week is now peeling off my face. attractive.
Aww, where's Mickey when you need a hug??? RT : Disney is not being magical right now!!!
Opening night of "La Cage Aux Folles" tonight @ Campus West,Welwyn Gdn City Herts!Glitz,spangles n men in dresses!!!Come see the show!!! X
will do. Mom already said thank you.! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You ever feel like your train of thought's been derailed?
Yum, sexy body! I wanna lick you everywhere.
Chicago, we're coming for ya!
Greg Stink is in the house!!!
you guys been here longer than me.
If you could change one business decision you made in your career, what would it be?
#Isles SH as Streit called for delay of game.
If we don't have enough to go to Phoenix this summer, I'll save up a bit more & fly somewhere to meet an ICONiac i love from twitter.(:
Oysters in the house! Choptanks and Blue Points. Tis the season. Chilean Sauvignon Blanc pairs nicely.
mike I'm in vegas are you working 2nite? I wana say hi reaal fast.
Just realized why The Notebook is called The Notebook.
And a bigoted racist homophobe RT : It's not a #RPW2012 convention if I'm not called a big government establishment neo-con
RT : Don't do something that is permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset!
LIFE OF THE CLUB... ARROGANT LIKE YEAH!
Hey FUCK THE MAVS ITS STILL WADE COUNTY
Joshua Tallent speaking about Ebook Design, Formats and Workflow stresses the importance of editing in quality ebooks.
Starting February 1, Simmons library will offer walk-in reference service in the GSLIS Lounge Tues/Wed from 11:00am to 12:45pm.
It's doesn't matter what u say or what u do. No one is going to take away my shine and happiness.
The moment you accept yourself. More people will accept you.
love reading your great A&E pieces! we've got some cool things up our sleeve #TweetSeats #IdiotLA. DM us asap!
Calling yourself 'Bournemouth' because Harry says it's a pleasure to play you ~YOLO~
Big Week
You should notice the effect in 2-3 weeks.
I have been! Cheers!
Watching "Social Network" and this is funny. RT“: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually. (Actually made me do it.)”
Funny - my genome's out there for the world to download, but I think Spotify's crazy for wanting me to share my music playlists!
mentally preparing for class - nothing like continuously compounded interest
keep them at bay. Rabbits have devored my young leeks as well.
Thanks for the tweet! Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
False alarm, Boy do I need coffee this morning!
MOTHER: Why on earth did you swallow the money I gave you? JUNIOR: You said it was my lunch money.
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : Relaxing for a few : Will have to visit again on a open mic night and listen to...
missing nyc but so glad to see my house and my family again :)
Funny how that is never their argument when the voting trends to the Left.
Im all for lettin a dude get his "Aint Shitness" out his system before trying to have somethin with me. do you lil daddy please do you lol
CART? What the heck happened?
All the LEEP 2ers are just leaving, most of them talking about crying all the way home and it being ok eventually.
I worry about this sometimes, given that if you're using a mirror you're optimizing for a flipped view...
Congrats to and on the new deal with the #Texans. 2 hard working individuals doing well.
u r the greatest role model I could ever have. I'm soo grateful to have you to inspire me. Thank u & i love you!(:
The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful - GoLocal Worcester
no problem! It's great and WAY easy to use and connect to FB and Twitter...and you can connect with other bloggers easily too
Will you pretty please send me the picture of that cool Pop! activity? I really want pink balloons in my library too!
See you tonight! Ricky Cruz is also on the show! Going to be an awesome night!
I like your commitment to originality. I anxiously await pictures of you cuddling with plants.
Kobe bailed OKC out #bigtime": I can't even stunt, I thought OKC was about to take that L."
I feel like the Dallas Mavericks could upset OKC Thunder in the first round of the playoffs, a veteran team vs. inexperience...
Home sick today; Bleck!
: Well as gutted as I am ... That was unbelievable
I've always imagined a #GoldBond ad with the word "Bonding" at the top w/ two dudes high fiving to a cloud of white powder
oh no! Now you both are sick?!
TRAFFIC - EB Belt @ Old Sauk - two lanes closed
RT : RT to take her out the game RT : MY BATTERY IS ON 4%
Thank you sir! Where you at these days!?
I want 2 challenge those @ my church to take a stand for our communities stop being selfish taking laps 4 self
Why tf do I even go to this school.
RT My hateful anti-Yankees exegesis, 26 years in the making, in , out today
This early Sunday morning at church ;-)
So, let's embark on a new journey and say "Adios, le book de face!"
I aint being a baby!!! You stop being a bully!!!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
#Flesh eaten. #HighLife drank. #Backyardbrush burned in a #BBQ in a #driveway. #Drunks watched. New peeps. Happy #StPatricksDay, #Milwaukee!
Both look good for me right now.
Thanks for a great #bapi conference! Appreciate you letting us share our #API story and see you in Austin for #SXSWi!
Create. Protect. Recycle: Cerebra touts innovative 360' cradle-to-grave view of Supply Chain via IT, LPO, eWaste #Outsourcing services combo
Yes number onee FAN
I would prefer buying new workout clothes or gloves for boxing than buying make up lol
Now I'm curious! Text me.
great minds think alike
Watching the only movie that really makes me cry.
happy bday old man
no not nexus revo
1:43..that's one heck of a race, my friend. Congrats.
Good for you, CC! Remember all us little peeps ...
Benefit to pay burial expenses for Marble Rock woman is Saturday
Thanks for #leapahead tweet, and for keynoting!
might as well call it game film. Tell Darth Vadar we'll see him tomorrow in Pasadena.
thanks for sharing :)
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void -- disconnected to
#atplc presenter uses materials from Bill Ferreter NC teacher. Let's hear it for NC and Bill!
89183 zip...nice homes....prices in the low $100k's...rental rates $1200 - 1300 for 3/2...nice rental cash flow
Hooray! Who's ready for a racist joke? I know I'm ready to lose followers..
In the middle of nowhere. No cell connection, internet too slow to upload photos, and gps can't update. LAME. WHERE IS CIVILIZATION.
Going to Western tomorrow, woop! Too bad i have to wake up at 5:30, so I'm def. going to bed early. In the morning, I expect coffee. =)
Teen Mom Season 3?!
You left your music!
RT : 3 main topics of concern that Philadelphians expressed 2 : Public safety, vacant property & citizen tools.
Thank You! You are all the best!
Hi You're a doll:)
After this weekend's Wrestlemania #patCAST, we'll announce another special episode in the works! Also PatMania this Memorial Day!
Chuck yooooo he look flabby lmao!
Love is cursed by monogamy?
First day to the rest of my life. :)
I noticed you post some user pics on the blog... feel free to use those photos if you want!
It's never too late
Lubys for lunch kept me on plan!
I'm winning
Happy Friday!! :)
Yaaay. Totally freaking out with excitement!
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Austin! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
is working hard on my updates tonight and is.. well twittering.
yea yea yea whatever!!!! Lol.
a wall like we were outside and he pushed me into asnow bank so I pushed him into like a brick wall
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon , your order HAS SHIPPED!! Thanks for shopping AS & Enjoy <U+2665>
Sean from Detroit, looking forward to the chat tonight
Merry Christmas to all and all a good nite! - cheers
Capitalism is a simple way of saying " I will take your worth, resale it, give u a fraction of it, and tax u."
love love love right back at'cha :-)
#21ReasonsWhy I love 1. His lip bite(:
VIDEO: Mormon parents create gay-support video
Who is a proven left tackle option in the draft? You have right tackles already.
Who tryna #run deez 5 miles wit me real quick? It won't take no more than and hour.... #exercise is a great way for me clear my head....
“: Watching Fridays episode of #Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>” U know we're gonna end on a cliff hanger
Made it to the Stanley Cup finals but lost to Montreal in 5. The same team that won 11 games in OT during the playoffs.
Wow, who turned off the heat? Its cold outside!
Eat McDonalds and go dancing al night long ,
Do U see how munch I need U right now.The pieces of my heart R missing U.My Love?
Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :)
Advertise with 4PM today! E-mail to join the Ad program!
David West passed to .... Well, I'm not sure.
the angels! They're here!
#nowplaying Justin Bieber - down to earth :'}
Haha, I got in trouble in class for punching the book once. Ha. I hate it that much!
do you like yogurt
that makes sense. Just can't help but squirm at recent gaffes at NPR.
Okay so was right...Dark Shadows is....eh.
News Jacobson takes lead in Shanghai Fredrik Jacobson didn't see many low scores when he first arrived at Sheshan Internatio
Singing an old Leonard Cohen song. That'd rigjt.
Stopped by parents to get things out of attic for them. Going up, see Black Widow spider, think "cool!" Going down, fuckers gone, PANIC!
I don't really like the new twitter for blackberry. It's not cute anymore -_-".
that is a pretty devastating title.
why not
Melina . You are the best diva ever .
"I had a broken neck. Now it's fine. Still have symptoms. No timetable." Just saved you an hour.
bahahah do u know who you are talking too?? i am obsessed with them! love love love #RHOBH lol
Yeesh. Why do I let it suck me in, time after time?!? So many snarky things to say! Oh ... yeah ...
Happy Friday! Any big plans for this weekend?
I'm O&O by WQED. If you really want me, send email about where? when? for how long? doing what? and I submit it to panel.
Ending the day with a healthy dose of - self titled. Makes for good anthem music to fight off the demons
we agree Rick...Most Engaging Athletes on Twitter Pt. 2?
Only an hour and 15 minutes until happy hour at Buddha-Bar! Escape work early and enjoy our fabulous specials on this beautiful day!
Its almost #Xolos time
Thanks for following us ! We love partying at your club!
If only I had an Obama 2012 poster
if you're a major service provider there is no reason you shouldn't have live chat support.
T-10 minutes to pitch. Should be interesting:)
30 States have 60 Senators that represent less then the 2 who represent California. Now the lower chamber, the House..
wat u doing anyway??
Looking forward to my job tomorrow: Instilling feelings of guilt and inferiority to TED Talk audience members.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
rumor has RHCP as a near lock to play ACL Fest in October
where you at girl?!? We're all going out tonight!!!
Waiting for coffee to brew. Starting work at 6am on a Saturdays is not fun.
The Vintage Closet in Ballard, you are my savior.
Thanks for helping me out ;)
Vikings trade down, draft left tackle Matt Kalil
Not a bad gig..
i cant go to the moon and pacman workshop :(((( ugh!!!!
5 min warning #Metro Center
How does pocketing a listing benefit the home owner/seller? Isn't MLS exposure and syndication a vital marketing ingredient?
I know that
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3
Adding coupons to our website
Printed on the back of our shirts in college it read, "The Texan Regrets the Error" -- Timely?
and make a go of it :) Send over your info when you get a chance and share it with your Central ohio mommy friends!
Off to jack in the box for an adventure! >:3
many thanks for the mention Lorii! Hope all is well!
The sun is out in Catonsville.
Happy Earth Day!! :)
how many graphic tees are you bringing to CO? I've got 19
Highlights were a family travelogue of 1939 Worlds Fair, Civil War vets in Patchogue, and a hovercraft test off of Montauk Pt
follow me! Now all i need is to follow me and my life will b complete :)
Thanks Tom! Happy Holidays!
Who would have thought the place to be on a thursday night was at a CPUC meeting in Kearny Mesa?
I have a trouble ticket into support but haven't heard back and no one is answering the phone.
Thanks, Rachel!
#u nees to load that madden12 so I cud show u how niners function#ea sports
yep, it's true, we're rockin' Johnny's Irish Pub this Friday night.
My inability to keep a straight face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
let me know if there's anyone I should see!
I need new friends...
I want to go to there.
“: Anyone want my 700th tweet?(:”
What would you change about your smile? Elliot wants a whiter smile. how about you?
Need to smoke... stressed
Even a great book is of little use if the chapters are all mixed up - great tutorials, but need to be course style
The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Thomas Edison, Co-Founder of GE
please, that makes 2 of us!
Hey Farragut, whats going on? Were at 17th and k with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash(an emerging favorite) and barbacoa
Hi Colorado. We would love to help you w/ your coping and printing needs. We do free print analysis of your office to see how to save you $$
If U R ever in albuquerque you have to eat at the Village Inn...food is banging!
John Cena bitch slapped the words out of The Rock's mouth. Did you see The Rock's face after John Cena left the ring?
Bro. Jazz must have fucked u up.
hey was up ma
Lookin good to stay in ha!
I kissed bella...and she broke her hand...punching my face.. LOL
Follow ! Launching soon
that b awesome
There are some (one) very good reason we haven't heard that story yet. We will, though, we will.
Tacos and Torah at 5pm! Bring your appetite for and #knowledge!
Young Justice in 2 hours!!! Tae why is Eastern time ahead of Pacific. Duh
girl you know it(;
RT : Are you ready to #JoinTheBattle at Scope for Game 6 on Friday night? Get the best seats by purchasing now:...
RT : don't give fear and anxiety permission to walk hand in hand with birth
The massage sounds amazing right about now!!!
Chicago: Tonight at the Subterranean Tirra Lirra and Suckers. good times!
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
followed you! :)
capturing tapes
- yes, the new one. I already love it!
When my mama cries << #makesmesad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Happy Birthday to my big bro
It's not policing. It's educating and suggesting to think about word choice. Like it or not our words effect others.
For real RT : In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less.
Psshhh more then what I can do.
my new leopard print body pillow is so amazingly soft
In response to the historiographical school which erroneously compared him with Notorious BIG?
Guys...I have friends that are conservatives, liberals, Laker fans, Niner fans, Republican, Democrat...build on what you have in common
How did I not know about the table-side Smores you can make yourself at Cosi? THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING!
thunder! oh, no, I better duck for cover. :)
like wtf ? Seriously -.- GROW UP !
when son finished 1st book he would not settle until got him 2nd book. He got in trouble for reading at school a lot that week.
#Grindin' (some more)
Rise and shine
Do the #Lakers have a mascot?
I get emails from scammers all the time and I find them to be great content for one of my blogs.
I'm going to apologize now to the people on my flight for eating that burrito with extra peppers and beans.
Usually because of lack of due dilgence upfront.
Congratulations, Joy! So proud of you!
Excellent stay - ask for a spa room and enjoy a great view of the river and a tub you can swim in.
How was your dinner at Paesanos last night?
FREE Bicycling 101 Repair Clinic TONIGHT! 7pm @ Cory The Bike Fixer!
#clean. yes!
Lakers are not about to get sweep by OKC is about to lose nxt game tho
words of wisdom with Bernie Mac
excited to head to NYC this wknd for , on behalf of !
I really want to try to go to the in New Orleans in March. Is anyone else planning on going?
i should shave my legs... hm.
I haven't decided yet. The ship departs from and returns to Rome. I don't know how many days I'm going to extend my stay yet.
Are the reds bats finally coming alive. They musta prayed to Jobu
thank you thank u 4 following me but i still need mor FOLLOWERZ!!!
my mom is a #Capricorn, and come to think about it, she does think and plan way to much. stupid pregnant lady
why thank you Ms. Bradshaw :-)
It's a valiant effort.
Any Peruvians around? Mariano Prado is today's beard! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I've never stopped, waiting on you. ;-)
i bet he could have found something to wear in between those extremes. :) but personally, i don't care what he wears.
1. Yes, I own all of the Monkees albums on vinyl. 2. I am listening to them all today. 3. What was I thinking at 12 when I went all in?
#ishikawa!!! What the hells going on out there?!?!
See what happens when you give power to those dumb shareholders? How can #Citicorp #Pandit support his family without his $15 mill in pay?
hey i probably can't go tomorrow night. I have to be in Denver Friday morning at 8am. & do a alcohol and drug test for my job.
Yes sir RT : President Obama: "I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy."
The ever so anti-climactic NIT: Like cumming in your pants while the girl gets naked.
What if i run out if honky tonks before i get over her
RT : I feel like I won my own Oscar last night
You know you are getting old when you 100% pulled a hammy dancing on a booth to "Juicy" at Pourhouse.
Thank you - honored!
We are not the LAB. Chromosomal Labs analyzes your DNA & we run them through scientific databases & analyze them further.
Yes it will be different, yes it will be odd, but most importantly it will be
False. People who don't understand why an athlete would sign somewhere to retire clearly doesn't understand love.
Just ate some tator tot casserole, coworker made it, going to die now
If you're in the Boston area you BETTER be outside!
happy easter my little truebieberfans, <3 you guys!
Or could have gone with Dead Guy Ale. Dropped the ball on the apropos pairing. Though the movie was appropriately bad.
ok ima try this twitter thing again
Packers fan....AND Avengers fan? I'm sorry, but I just don't know anyone like that.
It feels so good outside today.
#riverside #corona #norco Get money back on your short sale up to $30,000
$3 Euro Drafts & 1/2 price thin crust pizza (Not Valid days when Cubs are playing at home) All Day
I'm so worried eight now!!!!!
We hope you have a blast here! :)
Black Knot on Cherries and Plums - James Blake
So happy today is over! 4 more days to go
honey drippin' honey from a holler in kentucky
Wahhhh terrible lunch ONE day this week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
probably should rest it for starters! (hardest thing to do) use ice, can you reach behind your back without pain?
Cabbie on my way home from Evanston recommended Gaylord India Restaurant & India House. Good picks if you're downtown!
my mom is a wannabe chola
Not one, but TWO papers submitted today for #MW2012!
Ha JANAM! I miss manchester
Ah , the secret is molasses. Good taste buds.
Spring is Here with horticulturist Deb Weisman at the German Branch on March 29th at 6:30pm. Pre register online or call 271-5144.
Office smells of fresh paint! Now thats progress.
kiss my acid washed jeans
I don't consider 1Q84 a literary classic but I enjoyed reading it, & that wouldn't change if everyone else hated it.
Sometime this summer. I'm not sure exactly when yet :)
if i truely listen to everything i said i might die from laughter.
Haha stephen has a brand new show and I'm producing it. We're looking for a co-host. DM for details
Heard "chocolate & broccoli" educational games to describe what and I call "toll-boothing"
I love cocoa butter my skin is just amazingly soft :)
PERK up. Lame joke
into what haha
If you are at Lambeau... Get crazy in the 2nd half!!!!!!! Too quiet on TV. Will em to victory!
very true, I just see them winning at least one at home. I hope they win 4 lol
#Hostbaby Thanks for all your help Ally, Michelle and Nathan...The website "facelift" looks great!
Loading Justin S W A G.... 99% "Sorry, there's a problem loading. To much S W A G."
": Heaven is PERFECT because there are no black people."this stupid bitch :-)
RT Did you know Marti Emerald used consult for Lerach on press strategy or something of that sort? True story
You think my dress is short enough for to take pictures?
You should check out our site - we have playoff MLB, and you can pick a new football team each week!
I think it would be interesting to write an article comparing the two e.g collection development practices, curation, metadata
Big release pack from GDM in the pipeline. Stay tuned and get ready for a ton of great choons!
You"re sweet. I'll be in for breakfast next week, too.
Obama Pokes Fun at Huffington Post&#39;s Pulitzer [VIDEO]
Great job 2nite! Looked like you were having fun out there.
u irriatatttinnn!! Im not!
Good morning! Thanks to all my recent followers. :)
I'm setting goals for da next two years
RT : The #Bowl for the Cure is only 1 month away! Help us "spare" lives & "strike" out breast cancer! June 14-16!
lol do they know who you are?!
Finally back home after my cruise! I now understand the difference between sea and land legs.
Yesterday 75 mi to Williston w. no town or gas station. Showers! Today 80 mi & 100 degrees w. lightning to Poplar on the Fort Peck Res. ...
Haha aw shuckksss. :D Thanks so much!
Ting need to be said, forgotten, and let go. That's my coping method right now.
You are hilarious! RT I've just had a
Watching total blackout in between commercial and the Lakers game. This show is redick!
You can come anytime. I'm going to NYC the 2nd weekend in June but anytime after that.
Heading to Sonoma for a day of wine, food and photography.
I honestly dont consider us friends anymore. At all.
Now THAT's depressing... MT : "If the US perf. as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Edu, heads would roll."
We understand that NO ONE plans for a cancer diagnosis...the financial strain it can cause can be crippling.
C'mon Yankees.
Like a zombie a little sleep and am have to stay home.
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro. How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
Not a vacation. physically + mentally exhausting but the most amazing and rewarding experience ever.
The big spatula is like Phil Taylor. Not gonna complain about a solid, big steady performer.
is finally back on...can't wait for the drama!!
To much "Atlanta" ain't good for the soul.....
Thanks for the follow Janet! Thanks 4 sharing your Kindle Fire at RWA, too. Looks so cool. Happy Thanksgiving!
He is soo sweet & different, I'm gonna cuff em' :)!
I'm visiting tonight to catch up with a former coworker! So excited to see her on the West coast.
Is #NCSTATE really trending worldwide?
Sing me home, James Morrison.
Do people actually get a kick out of watching banal peoples lives? #Girls Judd Apatow, plz redeem yourself with Bridesmaids 2.
I want to drink 100 beers, fight a horse, piss in your shoes, then challenge you to a foot race.
watz da plan today where u tryin to hoop at?
RT In Need Of Followers Follow Follower Please RT
Not really a fan of future..but that song space cadets jammin
Thanks for RTing! ;)
Keeping to myself
Interesting. Now I know more about you :)
I just fueled a fire lol
and hey now, no need to hate.
omfg ik. Like if someone in school starts going omg Ed Sheeran I will die..smh
Soundcloud.com/MW. Check out my new singles "Top of the World" and "Touch the Sky" JahBless!! Trew studios Bigup!!
I'll be on campus in a few minutes! :D hill hall
RT : KPTV just called the race for me. Very excited!
Wait people are saying congrats to you whats going on?!?
Vagina Monologue rehearsal today and of Montreal at Webster Hall tonight! Woo!
there you dirty faggot I followed you. Where the fuck did you even come fron
Time to cook more meth,
i'm fixin' up a project in iMovie, aren't you proud of me :-D
weed is gross this is true.
Im such a bitch.. what have i done? ):
Listen in to tomorrow morning around 7:30 for Diana’s commentary!
You said it!!!
exactly like when I tell you your outfit makes you look like a soccer mon (;
you can GLADLY come in and take my place for three days.
I know right! What time are you off tomorrow? I can come by
i fucks wit u my man lol crack ne up
Congrats to you and Ryan!!!!
Hate waiting in lines
Now Following
Tilting when cabbies don't know where they are going. #GPSFTWPLZ!
time is ticking!
are they full nude there or only topless?
Woman sweeks insight about delicate situation
what's good kid?
Feeling sum type of way, am I playing myself?
gotta pass out beauties all around
M buffalo chicken dip for breakfast. Nuthin like a little heartburn to start the day...
Sex before entering a relationship, doesn't really work. I hate to say this but, I told you so.
Back in the office after an extended weekend. What was a favorite memory that you shared this weekend with your family?
Please be aware of phone scams...
DPAP conference coming to close... Getting close to time to unwind!
On this day in 1928 #Hartsdale NY received the first transatlantic #TV picture - 84 years later, i think the tide has turned :-)
I will I will don't worry !
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 7
Kathleen Vinehout entering really hurts Falk. Name confusion and now 2 women. Barrett looking stronger. Candidate will be Falk or Barrett.
morning beautiful, have a great day on set.
If You Had The Best Sex Last Night...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
- I can buy kale for $2/bunch. Makes a couple of baking sheets worth. How much is it in NY?
Have u guys ever tried to sleep nd u close ur eyes so ur body feels tiny but huge at the same time idk am i high
Reading think pieces all day > writing think pieces all day.
Pierre at SAG saved the day! Panic for nothing.
Bio prof has such bad humor that it's funny...lol
Hehe! Good mornting! You already know :-)
Busy weekend in store. Family shoot on Saturday and Senior shoot on Sunday. I'm excited to meet everyone and get to snappin y'all!
I need a leather jacket!
Good times today! Great to see and meet everyone.
When I'll grown up , I'll kidnap to :B
Seriously though. One every 20 feet.
#yee i hope you're enjoying your day mama.. <3 we love you!
I'm just watching the Jeremy Renner bio minding my own biz
Rethinking the shows - I need to get back to what I originally started doing - supporting underground bands.
morning love from Colorado
Two hours till I'm back in sweet home chicago
romo loves you alex. <U+2665> ;)
So tired, it's going to be such a long day. CAN'TWAIT!
watching it the moment the heat kicked the Bulls out smh i just want the 76rs to go down slowly and painfully
don't be jinxing us!
no better to see u. U try and hide from me
Anyone else going to Saratoga Springs for the conference?
i'll regret staying up this late in the morning, ahaha.
Let's go
We are El camino real high for Gospel Night
#Syracuse represent. RT : Dolph Schayes and the boys would slap Ed Macauley and the Celtics around like ragdolls
hugs n fuckin kisses
i just read your 1997 review of The Graduate. I absolutely loved your quote about what is and isn't a Great Movie. Thank you
Best idea for elite cooking club... Cook the meals designed by the united airlines chef?
I hate us ugh
hahaha I hear you. Have a good week:-)
Don't forget to tweet about your performances! We can't wait to hear about them
Judge Sumi strikes down anti-union law, will #TeamWalker begin drafting bill to outlaw judges?
Bicycles make a great holiday gift....check out DreamBikes a local non-profit!!!
My own education, as I have relayed, failed to gratify my restless mind. MT : #cbb2012 Duane on new York African Free School
found a babysitter!
I will check the quote when I get home and see if we can figure something out
maybe in a se-se-second
lol Cant do it like me lmao
None like you,
congrats - excited to hear about the new teams!
Yes its over now i can finally watch my Lakers
Tell us your favorite skin care regimen! What do you do to get your skin in optimal health?...We want to know!
is that right?
this made my day. Now my jeep with 147k miles on it can smile.
Got rid of my Sierra Designs Flex bag and got a Montbell SS Burrow 3. After 5 different bags, shoulda gone with Montbell in the 1st place.
Still looking for flaws in you. Nope, not a single one.
Don't forget about SBP debates, happening now in the City Room!
Its 1, in the morning n im on the hotline
sweet dreams <3
When someone gets a 100 point word... it becomes Words with Enemies
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events -_-
is the #voice to watch!
It looks like simultaneous (f)(3) disclosures are here to stay. The judges like it and cases are moving fast.
Thanks for following!
I do wonder if the Silvius is actually the Silvana in the #LastExile sequel.
please follow me please!!!!!
Who do YOU want to be today? RT : Good day or bad day, ultimately MY choice.
if I could go back in time and recreate my identity as "the.fucking.librarian" and not "effing," I could have sold about 3 more t-shirts.
These hows muat think I'm sprite or something but I ain't the onw to endorse ya thirst
Only me and my coworkers would start making a beat loud as shit on the table in the teachers lounge
> THX Y 4 MT#FOLLOW FRIDAY
Yes, culture matters a lot.
“Conservative” Republicans. Ignorance. See above.
Today is the day lands in LA. Ladies, gird your loins.
We are seeking ideas for the uniforms that our craftsman will wear. Any ideas out there? The colors should be taken from our logo.
thank you. keep up the encouragement and I'll be able to go to canada by year's end!
Ladies who's up
The rain calms me. What makes you soo tired?
if you ever get caught sleeping at school/work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen!!' ^_^
The Lucky One looks like a giant turd.
POKE POKE.
"An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox." Lao Tzu
me to
Download the new NPR music app and take 89.9 with you wherever you and your iPad, iPhone or other connected device travel
Thanks for adding me to your list :)
What kind of actor do you want to be - stage, film?
Stupid dog, you make me look bad!
no, thank YOU! glad you like.
Expect a review of the ME trilogy this weekend.
will break down the Knicks Post-Linsanity on Fox 5 NY Sports Xtra w/ tonight at 10:30PM
Checked in for my flight. Now onto pack. 1 hr. til he picks me up 4 the movies...this weekend will be non-stop
Happy Sunday Night little bird, or rather young adult bird.
Don't curse the player, curse the game!
Always remember your roots.
. The last time an NFL game was played on a Wednesday was Sept 22, 1948 (Rams vs. Lions).
what are you doing this weekend? :)
yep- totally ridiculous!
Look out fi badmind friend Nuff time mi say life unfair, look how much good people life end
it's okay
- I'll plan on being extra intimidating in Vegas
I'm ready!
This weekend is going to be good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
We need to make more. RT : Highlight of my day: Boomer Sooner's daughter asking if she could wear my shirt
A1: On twitter and checking kula. We have some great content including shows/events posted every day.
*INSERT JOKE ABOUT "GAY PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE MISERABLE AS WELL" RE: GAY MARRIAGE
Where you watching tonight?
Neighbor-Next time you vacation, please remember to shut off your alarm clock-5:45-7:45 AM 3 days constant beeping
#Safehouse looks like an awesome movie! Plus, they put a Kanye/Jay-z track on the soundtrack!! :)
Trying To Make It Work, But Man These Times Are Hard.
Ok not to put too fine a point on the wins #Mittens had tonight but realistically how many of those will a #GOP candidate win in November?
this member of team Fletcher is exhausted.
HE DONT GOTTA COME RiTE DEN BUT HE ALWAYS RiTE ON TiME #Boosie Boo<U+2665>
RT Manufacturing is irrelevant
- another great and informative artice - thanks
If I die and go to heaven, I put your name on a golden star
lol! I can try! But I heard pledging was extended for two weeks...
Cool, just my opinion. Got some good ones submitted for sure though
It is clearly all my fault. I can tell my friends to start following you so you don't lose any :)
She want that old thing back...
ATTENTION EVERYONE! We have out House of Blues tickets for our Oct 29th show. Tickets are $17 from us! Its a steal get a hold of me or band
In Bristol's case I don't think it trickled down. I think it fell on her with one giant plop!
Cooking Class @ cookingfools.net " Pastry Chef Secrets: Chocolate Desserts" Sun 1/16 11 am - 2 pm #Chicago,#recipes,
RT : CW Head pushing on Kopplin -- why disaster grants used to "chop up & obliterate our historic housing stock"
why am I crying over one direction. I will meet them one day. Liam<3 Niall<3 Harry<3 zayn<3 Louis<3
Lol that just made my day...
TT30's no movement clause expires this summer, salary is only $3 million, 1yr left on deal. Teams won't have to make long-term commitment.
Abot to watch a movie :).
Can't wait for winter....
Super big ass headache right now!
We're one mistake from being together, but let's not ask why it's not right.<3
"If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes." ~St. Clement of Alexandra
It was this morning.
Sipping On This Dr. Pop. Yum, Delicious!
Hey there pretty girl <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
That is awesome. Will there be a story on it?
dont forget the stuff (wink, wink)
Absolutely awesome morning.
and . Qb's better watch out for the sack attack !!!!
: Never call a guy fat, ugly, or worthless. They will never forget that.
RT : Sensible and well-crafted Right of way mgmt is essential role of govt as broadband infrastructure expands
I agree.
Anyone want to be my workout buddy? I lack serious self motivation.
Did mark may really just say motte dame will win 10 games?
no problem! Lol we will prob be there for an hour ( till 2:00). ButI'm not if they will let anyone from other schools get in
": NBA fines Delonte West $25K for poking Gordon Hayward in the ear." It was in the spirit of the stooges. Give him a break!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Aww thanks! haha what's up?(:
I'm assuming you're talking about How I Met Your Mother...I'm a huge fan of it
Happy St. Davids Day- I know you wish you were in wales today
thanks lady! I'll check 'em out after class.
I just spit out my water BAHAHA
Good for you! That is a very satisfying process.
#schoolmemories playing man on mars and foot everyone lunch and recess ! (: haha
Janss Market Place And Shelter Hope Pet Shop Hosting A Howliday Pet Parade this Saturday December 17th at noon!
Grandma ALMOST got ran over by a reindeer..
For , the issue is that XML's data definition language and data manipulation language are too separate
Hey;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Too Funny! If men knew how much we actually spend to have our hair done, I'm sure lots more men would suck it up and help.
Every time I start to text you I remember that if you wanted to talk to me you'd text me.. I'm too stubborn to give in now
No way Jose :)
how have you been? Hope your dad is doing good
Leave the cleaning to us!
model call please send pics to
Idea: I'm going to cover Radiohead's "Idioteque" with nothing but mechanical objects, their sounds and whatever else I can find lying around
It's funny when I saw Chris today he was surprised that Miriam and I still hung out with each other.
Dreamt about a tornado this morning...
very interested in seeing how it plays out.
Happy Birthday old man.....ha:)!!!
Humility is the beginning of wisdom.
Watching the 76ers. First basketball I've watched in a LONG time.
study study study..... why did i take summer classes??
#JustRememberThat home is where the heart is.
in his bcs rankings
was our 100th follower! Thanks man!
oh yes haha! it's bank holiday!
me&my best friend love you! You follow me and shes hoping that you will follow her too! PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFF
I didn't -sounds nice! “: Did you get presents from today too?? I can't wait to showe
Navarette's RBI single gives ULM the lead for the first time in the game. Score stands at ULM 3, WKU 2.
Hey ! When booking a trip, I was charged for a sold out flight. Customer Service is not helpful. How can I get further help?
Haha I was right! It did rain while I was in church!!
Closing session of #tcbsm4hr Day 1: SoMe adoption resistance? Dig age not coming - it's here. Worry not about ROI but COI - cost of inaction
Sadly. The vagina doesn't have a "clear history" button .
hm? Thanks for the RT and the follow. :)
Wow! Eagle, u were close again. I lived in Colo Sprgs-Bush was 'maybe' at NORAD. All dy/nght quiet-only buzz of fighter jets!
Note to self: think before you speak!!
omg. I got some they cutteeeee
Follow this upcoming SUPERSTAR
Friday night I got drunk watching Beauty and the Beast 3D. Last night I got drunk watching Lion King. What has my life become? haha
RT : Driving in my car, blasting my music and rapping/singing at the top of my lungs is so Therapeutic? (painful to others)
good feeling huh? lol
nobody cares -lauren
To have less trade value than Chone #Figgins, is to be Richie
You can develop a personal image & brand that gets you noticed, respected & hired with
Man On Fire is an amazing movie.
By a man being sent off for Chelsea I think its hurt Barca since Chelsea is constantly in the box limiting space
Thanks. I take it you stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night. That's how you get smarter :)
#FollowFriday Follow for good info!
lol she not gon come if she see what you said about her you better delete it
Got done eating wendys with Brendaa :D
Hey guys, Friday night is fast approaching and there's no better way to kick it off than with one of our burgers and a shake! Open til 8!
Back at you...when you back in the studio?
Thank you for playing for yesterday!!! So great to see you! Hope to see you soon!
that was hilarious, but I'm more a fan of John c reily doing the whole mike honcho bit lol and of course don't put that evil on me
ya but thats pretty good for LC! my fastest is 25.4 SC so im gonna try for high 24 SC.
Why can't my grandma still be here?I bet she would've taken me.uggghhhh
I don't know how great next season will be?! My favs are leaving..*sad face*
Can't wait to hang out with the coolest girls in town!! Nap Town Roller Girls!
Looking forward to a productive Monday!! :)
Honored you are here watching our amazing youth!
Don't know how many black people I'm offending, but I don't care; Red Tails was over rated. Good concept, good theme; bad story line!
Congrats and best of luck on your presentation!!!
Please say to me you'd let me be you man and please say to me you'd let me hold your hand <3
Just one of those nights where everybody irritating me.
- excellent, will get the word out!
i told you from the start that i love him
According to the dwarves in the Witcher's universe, the best magic is "lesbomancy."
Hands down!!
GREAT video from your Zambia trip. Kudos!
Business Word Salad.
#np Good Ones Go #myshit cus its so true
no they de-aged him 10 years
It was an honor to help research your history!
your videos always help me, thanks(:
M83 kind of day
The ugliest personality trait...Selfishness.
Game 4 in Orlando #Pacers vs
your creepy. (;
according to the webpage, "7ish" is D coming too?
Check out the videos on that last tweet....OUT of this WORLD....
multi-billion dollar companies with CEO's who make million should not pay $8 an hour. If you believe otherwise you're inhuman
Do u wait until I tweet, to tweet about some bitter shit? Just curious
ah good luck! <3
The wizard of tittes
She's guilty! I don't understand what the f' is wrong with our society
"Good Burger" is trending in Memphis. Yo have great taste.
Mixed feelings about VCU leaving CAA. The grass isn't always greener but when your program is that strong, you feel invincible.
Agreed. Haven't seen the escalades ... must STILL be a gas guzzler
Happy Wednesday!
i agree with this list.
It's crazy how fast time passes - I hope all is well across the pond.
lol damn sure was..-.-
hell yeah there sexy lol :)
A Saturday night game in the windy city for the Red Sox. Can Lester pick up his first W of the year? It's been 8 starts since he last won.
I can't log into my account! What gives?
We have several locations that you can drop #books off! At Phi Delta Theta house, Perkins on 50th, Avalon Heights, HCC Ybor, #USF St. Pete!
hm spades never disapoint
i like can't breathe i can't get over this what the fuck why
What an amazing game...Man U strikes back with a vengenance
Well i figured I'd spruce up my name a little...add a little drama. lol and see if I get more followers
That book has been touted as perfect. Many policies come from that book but have changed.
Just completed Week 2 - Day 1 (completed 1.85mi with run pace of 17:09 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
obviously I have no idea what I am doing on twitter. how did you even see any of the tweets I sent?
I've been cracking my knuckles all the time for as long as I can remember, with no side effects that I know of.... yet.
#nmssped Livescribe in action at Educamp- great for access to notes in the classroom. Also discussing Text-to-Speech
My girls would love to be at the flea market at
At the moment, Austin's body is completely shut down except his heart and..well..me, of course.
BLAZERS WIN!!! Best part about this time of year is that the NBA Playoffs are underway & that summer is right around the corner! Woo! :-)
thanks man. The keg is tapped! Come on over.
Thanks Russ! Visit Russ Aimz for excellent rock music:
Don't assume. Someone not in your specific industry may still have contacts you can mutually benefit from :
fuck that guy. He parks in the handicapped spot.
More Americans watched "NCIS" than "American Idol" or "Dancing w/t Stars" last week. So there is hope for us yet.
#FamousLies "I have to work late"; "I'll be with the guys tonight"
One in five male Americans may suffer from ED
I know someone wanted my shift. Absolut for me
dont waste your time on someone who isnt willing to waste his time on you <3
Chores...Chores...and more Chores I'll be back to tweet and follow...ugh I want ice cream
make me fell ... u make me feel... Im so gone ..... So gone over u
Congratulations Dr. Booshehri.
Jesse H.Jones High School "Mighty Falcon"Marching Band-Houston Directed By Calvin Hutson Named Honor Band For The MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Building a soundtrack for tomorrow night. Tweet in any requests...
I do that,too!
between the folds? It's actually kinda fantastic
omg i love you guys. i watched your movie evertime it was on nice. im a really big fan, can i get a follow please?
Bout to watch Project X, kinda stoked
I fuck and eat the pussy good so no other nigga tempts my bitch!
They obviously were too busy to deal with anyone that may catch their hijinks....
that feels good :)
Oh, okay. I've heard it before. I thought it was shutdown. What's the new link to it? Yeah, it's very obnoxious.
cause you said & I quote "You Can See My Cookie?" lol caught yo ass
For the next two hours, we are watching a movie and available for all questions
That was beautifully written. Thank you, and congratulations!
Good morning :)
What's upwith the red line!
you know it's love when you have bruises from "cowbites" hahhaha. <3
lol but fys is awesome and id still go
what you doing for workouts?
Hair intergrations will not blow off on a windy day , you can go swimming you wear it 24/7!!!! service in the salon 4 to 6 weeks
oh okay :)
gonna go to bed drowning in my feelings for agent coulson
k did so, good luck, it doesnt show the votes or place- do you know on your part or is it all hidden until the final day?
Pennywise - bro hymn Best song!
One succesful rule to follow when applying a succesful multichannel strategy: measure, analyze & optimize. Repeat. Insights from
Even in a lockout I'm gonna keep hating! Screw you , zero rings and not counting.
never too early for a diet coke and 'breakfast' burrito
Special thanks to for "dead tweeting" tonight's show! We'll be sticking around for a talkback after.
Thanks so much Jae!!!
Great Information BRAVADA Provides Fourth Quarter, Full Year 2011 and Full Year 2012 Revenue Guidance LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BRAVA
When we get to 900 likes we will post a new video! Help us by hitting the "suggest to friends" button on the top right.
Gonna Take a Quick Break From Twitter And do a Few Errands. I'll be Back in Time For Ari's Live Chat! See You Soon Tweethearts (: xx
I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Wow! How can some people bad mouth a player like that!
Looking 4 ideas on general interest daily news podcasts to subscribe 2. / already on the list. Others?
When I was little I wanted more than anything in the world to I change my name to Lisa. Like Lisa Frank. And Lisa Simpson
Goodnight everybody!!
When you cry ill hold you tight.....
There is always beauty in the struggle, chasing those desires and setting the world on fire.
vinny's bmor dance video that he posted
Damn it The lucky one made me cry a little
Oh that was a good one! The Halloween party is our favorite night of the year.
Banana pudding and Girl with the Dragon Tattoo DVD
Yes! I'll DM details to you. :-)
you better not be pregnant, I'll break your legs! ;p my mom made bread pudding last night, so good
Hey I just saw your last name on a sign, & I started freaking out because it was your last name<3
Classy world class performance by spurs.
#FF Bringing the #juvenilejustice news to you from the South Eastern US!
Magic on Chris Paul - "He must score the basket"
Good Luck, S'town Lady Eagles! (:
My first appointment to try on wedding dresses is today. Anyone have any advice on this process. I'm going alone.
Wishing everyone a fun a SAFE holiday weekend!!
I always get my clicker questions right ha.
No, it was Economics class and we were focusing on Business Organization.
In the mood to color an entire book <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>...it's serious!
Spaniards are the shit.
#Rockies Tulo hits fifth today, in part because he's in a slump vs. lefties and because he's hitting .138 vs. Dodgers Ted Lilly.
No job, smoke cigarettes, have a marijuana habit, live with your mom...SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT REASON TO HAVE A KID.
i think i finally got my twitter and fb to work as one! woot!
Increadable Prices to selected marketing items coming soon!
I'm so jealous! I have a prior commitment until 8, so I'll be dashing to Water Street right after, likely missing Mrs. Skannotto.
Bonfire tomorrow with Lucas<3
hey austy! ;D
Looking forward to signing with "The Brass Agency" and having all my reels edit to post on YOUTUBE, audition today for GOGO Productions
I was listening to One More Drink. My mom caught me and flipped shit. lol.
Frappicino Happy Hour!!!! Man I love
And I'm pulling for Cindy, even if the copy editor did find an error in Webster's
Word is that there were only like 20 seniors at MHS today ;) Haha we rock!
today's not my day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
thank you all for your love, support, and kind words. it's been a terribly rough couple of days
Oh shit that's the OG. I used to listen to 2 Unlimited's Twilight Zone & pretend it was the Mortal Kombat theme song.
Haven't been on a first date in I don't know how long... Wish me luck
I'm waiting for the backwards spider monkey demo. You win funniest co-worker, once again.
have had the pleasure of meeting Chris Colfer..one of my favorite people. He'll continue to do great things, for sure.
congrats! Thats amazing! Your hard work is paying off!
Johnny Cash died on this day in 2003. I learned more about him after his death.
I don't care how old I am, I am going in the bouncy castle.
Amityville II: The Possession was the #1 movie this day in 1982. Scary movies scare me. Duh.
Good Morning! What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving! My day began at 7am, now im about to run, then watch parades, watch the #Packers , eat eat eat, & go to the movies!
People don't realize there is an at to reading aloud to a group of children. My student teacher had that art. Hope it lasts.
Things are going to work out. Things are going to get better. I can feel it.
Let's get some clarification here first - are we talking projects he directed or just projects from Jim Henson Studios?
Why do the suck at shootouts?
Hey thanks! I did not realize that this was my twitterversary!
Upper bostonside is for sure cooler. RT upper bostonside
no doubt missy
yogurt makes for sexy mice. coming up in 2 minutes.
Parades are for the people who pay for them.
aww Feel better soon ...
Movie theater popcorn butter is liquid crack.
Let good digestion wait on appetite and health on both. William Shakespeare
ok cool. Are you going to SJC?
WOW. That cookie bouquet is the perfect Mother's Day gift. Hopefully, mom will share right? :)
Working on dee lyricals
I tell people "Ill kill you" too much
Wow going to bed!! This is early for me!! I feel weak!!
If Carlos's ice cream social wasn't at 5:30 lord knows I wouldn't be driving to work right now
I use to want you so bad, im so thru with that, cuz honestly u turned out to be the best thing i never had.
New Music Out Now! Support your local charity! Just Keepin It Real
Don't ever get me started on lit crit. I hope you enjoyed the ride.
PLEASE #Killyourself if #thesituation is your role model.
perhaps CEO's can learn about getting away with resume tweaks of their past by reading edwired techniques
There are many I wish to follow or follow-back...but I don't know how to move past the 2000 friends limit. HELP?
what's with all the moths last couple of days. Our yard in Arlington has been swarming with them! A little better today.
Dell has 3.5 million direct interactions with customers daily
Both must be present, right, if we're going to wipe away AQ status & (appropriately) do away with artificial BCS constraints?
...a corresponding degree of health and physical development would be attained by their offspring.
good luck Waves!!!
Really good data day at work - everything I needed was right there - probably subconsciously influenced the purchase of that SQL book.
One month later
Don't b stopped bc others can't see what you see!
Day 2 of all night shoot.... This should be the last day of filming for me
I honestly don't care what the others are doing. TA is about innovation to change up what's in.
Congrats to & his beard! So deserving.
Everyone fears something...if you say you don't fear nothing...that's a lie
Glad to hear! Take care.
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
I KNOW(: and yeah we could that would be awesome!(: and fun(:
Dropping a stack at the horse races in Florida
nun im not even sittin next to him ill tell him when we on 71st
i never want to be on divorce court
... Then have the nerve to get mad because the author isn't putting out work fast enough! Just curious... How many of you work for free?
A good night for both #MiamiU hockey teams! RT Its a final from oxford lady redhawks 5 wmu 4.
Just woke up to a helicopter circling my neighborhood.....
I so caught up in my on style
if you look like this, you would understand but you don't so u hate on me cause I do. Good lookin out by the way.
I know, I know, I've become a passive consumer on Twitter. But I haven't been producing much content on any platform lately.
Jenna Marbles: good for a laugh and a few wasted hours that you could've been studying for midterms. :D
I bet didn't even ask her mom.
bedtime for me, gotta go shopping in the morning......
Physical Activity and Weight Control May Help Impr
Even though I'm sick, I went out for a walk with my E. It was a nice day for it! Beautiful!
I wish i knew whether you liked me or not, so i would know if i should keep hanging on or just let go.
Oh well... good morning
All I gotta say is I love my family! Merry Christmas!
'Cause when that BubbaGumpLip jokah flicked through those racks musing about mermaid gowns?! Whoa no.
it was that time long ago. Unfortunately I'm still at work. Have one for me!
I can make you another 1/2 pot and a couple of espressos if you clean my house?
This past weekend has us all Jacked up. We could have sworn it was Wednesday! ugh
Tomorrow I'm headed to the Ventura Flea Market....is it any good?
I returned my library books today. Whew! They were dusty.
OMG ... Maggie Griffin is on #Kathy! Love her! My TV is the carrot to move to New York ;)
Got skin issues and don't know where their coming from?? Try a gulten free diet. Cut out processed food for good to get glowing skin !
DH used for reclaiming cultural identity and retelling historical narratives
a treat 2 x a week makes life worth living, just make the other 5 days more "monastic" and you have won eating for life.
Lifes like licking honey from a thorn..
Too bad #elimanning isn't on Twitter. Just learned he'll have to great good fortune to have the room of THE tomorrow night.
Best wished to the Men of JCSU in Belmont tonight!!!
aye aye sir! Thanks for letting us know
You need to check out the link we just posted! <3
Just got out of the shower. Should have planned ahead.
collected excellent data about 2nd Life collaboration. kudos to our wonderful students who had to get up to meet online at 9am on a Sat
"Mom, you hate on me!" "What are you talking about? I feed you!"
congratulations to cameron for being accepted early decision to
well I miss you little fellow! How's life been? Can we get together soon pulease<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Workout fail this morning.
Since his birthday on 13 April, John William has gained a pound and grown an inch! Now 9 lbs. 5 oz., 22 1/2 inches.
That's not a good reason! Lol if we think you're a lazy intern, you'd know. You're doing fine. Sounds like writers block.
Love the Rottis in your picture. I'm training myself and rehabilitating my female rotti. I hope I can be what she needs.
LOL of course im happy
Shock> Denial> Anger> Despair> Depression> Acceptance> Reorganisation. Injured athletes experience the same psych stages as those bereaving.
Yeah, was hoping at least one of those would be a good fit for my blog. Maybe...
this is what u said and i quote "Nobody wants to chill with you buddy"
that's right. I knew it! Canadian gurls R more fun! Ur soo lucky I don't live closer!
now are you going to party with us all the time? lol
Thank u to all my amazing singers for sharing the Workshop Singer's experience and bring your talent and insight to all of us! You all rock
haha thanks jess!
DMX will forever get me in the mood for a fucking brawl!
of course it was :)
Great! I will set one up. Everyone let me know how many folks you'd like to invite.
Did you know? - #DorothyHeight was the National President of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority from 1947 - l956.
Just heard Adam Yauch passed away. Really sad about this. Thanks for the music!
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me three times, I don't think so Paranormal Activity 3
you know you wanna hit that follow button(;
.....if people could be more into their bike and less into their powder boy image, their bike wouldn't be a complete fucking jank pile.
Yesterday, someone asked me if I knew this random Asian guy walking down the street. Cuz I'm Asian. Well, I did. It was Hung from Top Chef.
That back drop is amazing
Welcome David!
i can talk to you both at the same time.
Hey but you know what doesn't smell good, a mixture of reefer and seafood.
Dennis, thanks for the RT!
Thanks pretty lady!!!!
What you know about it take notes nigga
Friday evening rush hour traffic is totally unsafe...wherever you are.
What a great idea!
like a bad ocean experience very choppy feed. But hopefully only 20 mins more
I still don't understand why anyone wants to follow me... am I the herd's bellwether? anyway, thanks for the follow!
This makes me happy.
I've been too busy to tweet! How can I keep track of my life if I don't tweet?
Time to get up and get dressed for dinner and drinks <U+2665>
Kudos 4 your moving, touching, engaging acct. in SI of how 2 of the world's best tennis plyrs survived the Titanic. Well done!
love u
I'm surprisingly okay with this decision
Fired up and ready to welcome to our #Obama2012 Nat'l Volunteer Leader Call at 7:30pm ET
how u know my sister
The 6th floor arsonist struck again!
Alright, And.
cleanin' other peoples houses are funner than cleaning your own ! !
But her hood as sexy as hell. My ass falls for any hood, stripper chick lookin chick.
love you too.
I could be wrong...but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era.
drawback working #TheodoresOriginal #HotDogs this wknd: onion-smelling hands … but it was worth it. don't forget to stop by Union & Walden!
I'm crying literally omg Khun! I haven't even seem victoria, is she even on stage?
Finally looked up where IBM is physically located -- you are right around the corner!
Nah,nah not the rain-___- stupid rain go away! Your TO loud & I wanna sleep:(
I know lady :( working too if it makes you feel any better...
heyheyhey I hope you have your ipod. did you drive there or need a ride?
y would ibe mad at u
We salute our friends & colleagues as they embark on their 15th anniversary celebration later this month.
The Style Setters party is well underway. Missoni, Escada, and Hugo Boss galore!
The Talmud~ A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
METS game TONIGHT! So excited. :)
New haircut!
Today has been a good day. I signed up for a class and got an important call. Yes 2012 is starting out right!
Yes it is! I love hearing you sing!! :D :D
still tryin to figure it out...lol
now now..you only get a hug nothing more..lol..hm don't know when will that happen
you would lol
Well it sounds to me like you are all in far away and often fab places so here I am on the Isle of Wight and off to our local tapas bar!
#preparing for a great client presentation for tomorrow by resting and ramblin' today. dont forget to #chill #breathe #kickit TO the couch
Hey, give everyone a break, before this year all we knew how to spell was 'first round' and 'loss.'
Just sent Curren$y this hit!!
I think everyone is misunderstanding. Mike D'Antoni performed a magic trick and disappeared as a coach.
Holy crap bombshell! Look at that tiny waist! You look fantastic! <3
RT : RT : 109 in Dallas. 103 in Austin. Proof Austin is cooler than Dallas.
I went a whole day without it
when you bringing the new blood in? I'm out at 6 today. Don't be a stranger either or I'll send someone over to cockpunch you.
so tell me who are you going to take off of the all conference ODAC team...and remember its a combination of statistics..
I'm the sickest in the system
haha... love your tweet girlfran! YES!
Its a beautiful morning in #sandiego and i'm stuck studying for a math test, all i got to say is
FOLLOWED YOU B... RAW MUSIC.. FOLLOW BACK
RT : One cannot lead w/out respect nor can one succeed w/out change.
no complitable without that console.
No school for mee today.
At D.H. Stanton Elementary community meeting. Parents and neighbors fired up, chanting for district to keep school open.
Best thing about living in an apartment? I'm finally learning how to cook. Worst thing? I have to eat the food I make.
I'm sorry you feel that way :( I'm a mom, I want to fix things :( You are very hard on yourself love.
i'm goin over to my folks place for shots and meat on a stick. wedding talk, baby talk, job talk and music. it's a niceish day.
All plays are performed by #women. They wear men's clothes to play men. It is a big deal to wear pants in a public setting!
Is it just me or was that one of the worst Usher performances ever? Sounds like he was going through puberty right on stage
Big thaw in NY City today. Now inches of water at every corner. Meeting world famous drug and steroid doctor for endorsement.
you seriously have to get out to the Node on any given Thursday. That's the M.O. every week. No sponsors, no eventbrite, just do.
I want to sleep already
X-Factor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees before&pays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Deadass. New York sports what are we doing?
Something is screaming outside. I can't tell if it's a child or a raccoon. Just Jesus' way of reminding me I'm not ready to be a parent.
Happy #Festivus! I've got a lot a problems with you people and you're going to hear about it.....
are we sure that isnt actually tebow?
I have a new number again # 6313743493
Thanks for the follow! Following back. BTW you're up to 101.
I appreciate the encouragement and support.:-) I hope to be an encourager too.:-)
She’s Been A Crazy Dita Disco Diva… And You Wonder: “Who’s That Chick?"
FACT -- There is a HUGE Disproportionate Representation of the Poor and those with a Disease in the Criminal Justice System
Today going to be some bullshit
The rejection you receive because of your commitment to Jesus may hurt. But don't let that deter you. He is MORE than enough.
RT : Thanks - I am going to use your suggestions when I visit camp on Monday
Sorry to be a downer, she lived a long and happy life. Still miss her, though.
Responded to VACATE @ 139-55 230 Place, Queens, NY 11413 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Christmas weekend is finally coming to an end, can't wait to relax! Hope everyone had a happy holiday!
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND SPECIAL 30% OFF ON ALL BOOKINGS! CALL NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR CELEBRATION! WWW.OKCPARTYBUS.COM (405) 447-2446
umm seriously you watch those shows?
We are working on an advertisement flyer to hand out at this year's Gay and Lesbian Pride Event in Long Beach. Having fun creating it...
What an HONOR. Thank you!
Wait, wait, wait... Metal night? But it's a Sunday.
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time - the first question is can they three-peat?
I can't believe you forgot Women's Day.
he tried to steal that from me too!!!!!!
If you were at POSH last Fri then you knw to get there extra early TONIGHT...LADIES DON't HV TO WAIT IN LINE...JUST WALK TO THE FRONT!
SHOW TODAY! Versus Leviathan, Jamie's Elsewhere, Scarlet O'Hara! doors at 7 @ White Rabbit! $10! BE THERE! This will be Episode 4.75!
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
thank you Mike.
Oh My Goodness Gracious I feel horrible!
That txt >__<
thanks for the invite. I'm not really an Ibsen fan but I'll check out your webseries. Sounds funny!
Looks like I gotta take that morning shit yall lol
excited to #klout w/ :)
beautiful! Hope all is well!
been to yet? Check out Friday's #Irish lineup on the #Harley stage
We must see it together.
Let me know if there is anything I can answer about Directv for you. Oh yea there is a good deal on the NFL Sunday Ticket btw.
lol it's ok girl
Wow, still struggling 'eh Brian? What channel is that on, versus? “: 6 days till ”
Wait, What now? Did #AllenWest just declare himself an objectum sexual? When does #MyStrangeObsession start taping?
haha indeed :D
And it still works!
Waaaahh. I'm sleepy. Oh well just one test standing b/w me and the pool.
could have been even better if they got hill in round two. I love every other pick tho. Brooks and carder are steals
Today is one of those days when "lunch" really means run around outside.
Since Wizards was the ONLY funny show on disney & is is stb over, is perfect <3 (y)
#YouWereCuteUntil I heard you speak.
Cheers to the freakin weekend :)
haahaha SAME <3 <3 but I gtg I'm really tired...talk to me tomorrow maybe? Haha we can work together!!
hope you guys are still around when santacon hits.... we could do an epic march!
watchin illinois hopefully beat ohio.. fuck the buckeyes
Here placing a takeout order and seeing my favorite Scotty's employees and ! They are the best!
"low hanging fruit" #bootcamp6 is resorting to anti-gay comments to get elected. Vote
Started following some really talented designers lately. You guys are amazing!
What is that? Read the latest letter? You're in it!
Congratulations to our Math Tutor of the Month, Leota D!
We first explored this issue last Memorial Day - Congress designated Post Office yet PO doesn't allow plaque or name on the building.
Omw to this tournament in the van with my team !
im soo glad its friday !! :D
I need all the bitches, I got alot need a island!! Lol
Wings have their work cut out for them in the 3rd....
So He Mad.
I'm not gonna give up<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I love him so much. & I'm so happy I'm on vacation right now ah I'm in his time zone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I love him
Would like to tell the world and that March is awesome for college basketball and the best beer ever!!
Getting ready to list a beuatiful 2007 Sea Ray 320 Sundancer. Very low hours, one owner, loaded, lift kept. Will keep you posted!
I'm down, potentially. Shoot me an email re: what you're looking for.
Just renewed my "I voted and therefore feel entitled to complain about the government!" membership
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens. Spring 2012 publication date approaching fast.
I've never been much of a napper. I'll help keep them in business a bit longer
What's it look like? I'll check.
come to buffalo I miss youu!
Eight days a week!
LMAO..... you'll get the hang of it, looks like your a pro already lol:)
Stolen Rubens recovered in Greece? Thank god they found those sandwiches.
Actually attending an event without my camera for once. I feel ... naked, and I haven't even left the house, yet.
ditto - but it is about to be looking up
Yea so what if I'm goin to Cabo for unlimited tacos and 2 for 1. I may be a deuch, but I'm a broke deuch that knows a deal when I see one
obviously he is just showing his true colors.
ESPN kickin' off the Longhorn Network today at 5 on campus!
Zumba starts this Monday at 6:30pm!!! Don't miss it!
Fill in the blank: I admire ______________ for his/her style and fashion sense. Tag your friend!
Where's Kev ?
I lost my lunchbox at school. My mommy made it with so much love<|3
i hate my fucking dad.
Getting ready for #FashionsNightOut this Thursday! Excited for 30% off latest collection... Gorgeous shoes!
Regardless of what Montel did, Spaz now has a long track record of mismanagement & terrible player relationships.
Going to let my precious dogs out! They been caged up all day. Poor babies. Mama's coming.
FUNNY - Ellen Scares Her New Employees
Lol, yes, next book. Independents certainly do have Mass and then some! ICs love Mass. ;-)
My tux is ready for prom!
i'm still in bed :P
Yoga has always helped people find peace of mind
rocks my socks literally! This pedicure idea of hers was spot on! Now on to lunch!
“: Together to the top.” Truth.
Did orig. cataloging on CD w/ coll. title and multiple works/composers at fieldwork today. None of my FB friends will get why this was fun.
get it mama!!
STOP TAKING YOUR LIFE SO SERIOUSLY.
Can you DM us your Zipcard # so we can look at your account location & the Zipcars in your hood to follow up?
That's that BULL!!! Defense WTH
difficult when you're also representing too many 'brands'. Are you or are you Wonderchook, LLC?
Money is like a good woman, if you don't handle it properly, it will leave you & go to someone else who can.
Sure am! RT The #lulusfabfitfun party is already about halfway over! Are you having FUN?!
Bye Hollie! It was good to see you almost come back and win it all! So proud of you! :) See you on tour!
I love that someone else enjoys a crisp BL on occasion too
Going to Public Choice Society in Miami? Visit our table to meet Keith Dougherty, author of Calculus of Consent and Constitutional Design.
Monday - Friday from 3 to 6, VIA's got #HappyHour specials to keep that grin on your face! Wine, beer, mixed drinks and more!
Goodmorning ......too asleep #notenoughsleep..and jamming out the 2 out of only MEN id EVER go straight for
Locked my keys in my truck
Sitting at Delta Sonic with the van getting detailed for tonight's festivities and suddenly realize that I haven't eaten today...
A little bit longer and I'll be fine...
We need Democrats like Lori in Washington who will fight for middle class priorities, not surrender them to radicalized Republican desires.
Not all scars show, not all wounds heal. Sometimes you can’t always see the pain someone feels.
It's Danger.
TV: Diners Drive-Ins & Dives (8PM FOOD) is worth checking out for the deep-fried tacos; at 9PM, new episodes of Grimm (NBC) and Fringe (FOX)
One of our moms is facing her fears by going back to school! Follow her story here...
i forgive & forget it and then you promise me i wont regret it . but i do its not right . b/c i turn around let it slide.
Me and #twitterless Anna can't sleep.
where .which 1
What's the deal with growing full beards in the #NBA #nowadays?
To all Agencies, Brands & Content Producers attending SXSW, contact for a FREE LUXURY BUS PASS good for the entire week
You betcha! :) RT Alright West Coast: 2-hours of #glee starts now! Are you watching?
First two days in the kitchen = totally awesome, also brutal. Left both days feeling completely drained, but also giddy and pumped.
stabbing pain in my ovaries. tmi?
"True happiness consists in making happy." Bharavi's Kiratarjuniya, Hindu --- I'm so happy.
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
I cant watch this .. -_-
Monkey. RT : Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
lmao. Yup only in Tampa!
haha. I would tap that !! Lol
Need to get son ready for school. He acts as if Mom does not exist, and Mom is not cool. Ah, preteens. It's part of growing up, but hurts.
Yeah Jennifer! We're finally going to get together! Can't wait to see "In My Sleep" on Friday!
have video archive of conference?
Got here late, I'm Dawn Saunders. Good chat tonight!?
In Il, When they call the roll in the State Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty".
This is one of the funniest tweets I've ever received. Sadly, I'm afraid it clearly reflects what we are in for in Dayton.
Jimmy Fallon, you are ridiculously awesome. So are you stephen colbert!
on this day in food history: canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales (1936) cheers!
Hamels should get suspended for a Month
I'd like to do more #flipclass standards-based grading. Experimenting now.
lmaoo I need some money. $$$
My son is 3 years old!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Good morning, today's goals: Clean out room to move, finish book n begin the other one, draft an action plan!!! LA lets go!
Sometimes fact is stranger than fiction but damn, it makes really good fiction - I love fodder!
Chicago diner is in the same direction as the game, so might not be a good idea to try to get there right now
Windwood: Leadership requires us to listen for what's next. Can't rely on old tools
Love yah too, thanks for all of your awesome support!
At the NAIOP Awards Gala in anticipation of an award for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial
The GC handbook looks awesome. Did you manage to find it in digital form?
The cool story is gunna be me on the 5 o'clock news for straight murderin yo ass for sayin ''COOL STORY BRO''.
You running Ogden in May?
Been babysitting ever since I got out of school. I'm ready to go home! All 5 kids are asleep.. Lucky bastards.. :(
People volunteer when it's about them, not when it's about you
COME OUT TONIGHT!
It's like when we all moved from Friendster to MySpace to FB. Not being able to move your friend list is a feature, not a bug.
what's up playa
perfect :P we will have pictures of the prize shortly!
I could get low I could get low don't know which way is up
Arguments are to find out who is right. Discussions are to find out what is right.
At Mahopac Public Library, in comfy chair, with beautiful view of lake & smiling librarians. Thx to all who keep it going!
lmfaooo x) welcome to the club:p aha
1. Do u have pets? 2. Will u do another rap? 3. Will u follow me?
RT : Dog... come on... RT : Everyone should bow down to me for saving baseball and many lives
ha ha, thanks for following - start planning a dance friendly halloween costume now ;)
Big thanks to the crew from for doing their contact mic and bending buddy workshops with us today. Have a great show tonight!
I can't stand it
Haven't been on here in a good minute..
thanks Patrick! Make sure to use ur promo code and earn $5 for each referral, keep up the good work!
that's what everyone keeps telling me :o I know when I'm older, i'll wanna be young.. but I can't help wanting to be older. D:
That she does! One of the things I love about her. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, hard-working, selfless moms out there - you ARE appreciated!
I have been stuck in the Chi with a broken car for 3 days. Hope you guys well. Make all of us from MI Who are stuck proud!
i have a question is your fragance in any store like Macy's or something? ? Porfavor responde guidette
thx for the tweet, !
I don't look at my TL because aint shit to look at
Ended up on the score board at the brewer game and I was itching the side of my nose/cheek and it looked like i was picking my nose. GREAT
oh why does tonight suck
Euphemism of the day: "Adjacent process overflow" (= interruption)
follow the belt!
RT LOL i tweet the word diet and that gets me a new follower .. Hello diet tips, bye diet tips ...
A9: No team for me yet. Just me :-)
haha wow what a face!
My cellphone is completely messed up. So guess who gets to spend the rest of the evening arguing with customer service? This guy! :-)
“: Someone Want to fix my mac?” this is why I have a pc lol
you mean Eazy-E?
banana pancakes.
My GPS says, "now keep right, then left"..I'm sorry, come again?? Is now/then a specific time frame?
Oh, Okay.
Nobody but JESUS!
Clean or dirty, We'll take you. estudio925.org
Thanks for the RT!
That's what happens when you raise an entire generation on Ritalin. So shameful.
If you have to be a certain SIZE for your man to love you, he ain't in love with you- he's in love with a measurement.
Those random moments when you notice a bruise and you have absolutely no idea how you got it...
So far I still have school but it's still raining n flooding soo :D
Bloody nose and a cup of coffee.
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
The world is full of Monday morning quarterbacks and not enough Sunday afternoon players.
haha. Just LOL'd. Yeah. Classes. Calipari. NBA draft. Does not compute.
Happy mothers day to my mommy! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Enjoy the Badger game All you can eat tacos $4.50 starting at 4:30pm. $3.25 Margo's and Corona.
who is that piece of prime beef?!
I'm with you on that!!!
can't ask more from Saunders there
aw well that's good :) I'm great as well. Lol I'm shocked u replied haha
Children's Communication Checklist-2
Well today wasn't any better really giving me a hug in the hallway in front of everyone but your girlfriend isn't helping anyone!
Being famous = having more than a million stalkers
Sitting in Naked Cafe listening to a female diss'ing a guy to her friends while simultaneously planning a date w him: she likes his posh car
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Being in a relationship, isn't about the kissing, the dates, or the showing off. It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Please follow only one of these: the tweets are substantially similar
Hi stranger :)
plus just as a tip... Pnc atms can give singles.. Just ask for 4 bucks.. Do it all the time
Since I'm late I might just go to McDonald's
Dinner at MOMMAS ON THE HALF SHELL !!! And then home to watch some of the game and bed !!
I hate dish! Raining no signal... Thank god for #tnt with that overtime on the website
Happy to!
Last Laptop Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio LCD Replacement
Time to put in work..
Since 12/2006, we have served more than 40,928 sandwiches/meals to homeless clients
My boys r growing so fast I can see the beginnings of the man my 12 yr old will one day become. He's quite impressive
Smh.... Whens the reschedule... And ya probly wanna make it a 2day stay if possible... Save the rushing.
Headed to Oak Park CA tonight with my Tupperware Love!
you cant even twerk!!! You cant even move it!!
chill with me & Liz then!
10 pts in the final 49secs, solid way to finish an ugly first half.
damn twitter is ahead of the MLB radio broadcast…must avert eyes!
understand he played at little 5 at iu
Here come the Hawks. The mighty Blackhawks!
I just witnessed a Kentucky fan eating a SANDWICH while doing his business at the URINAL. I'm judging the rest of you UK fans accordingly.
nice :) RT: : Today is the kind of day where I think I would let the Pigeon drive the bus just to see what might happen
Thanks! Can you tell me which you voted for or is it a secret?
we got this.. #believe “: GRIZZLIES BALL!”
I been around da world N er body hat'n If dey talkn im da topic of da conversation Now clear it out, clear it out I had it up 2 here
if i finish this verse tonight then tomorrow yeah!!
- ditto! I just gotta remember to register when I get back from this cursed money hole of a town.
is mourning the celtics....oh well there's always next year
Totally :) I want to get that too next year!
I hope Taylor Swift's new album is like her Hunger Games songs. They're simply amazing.
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane. Backups: 1.5 mi
#Smash is awesome. Uma's "Rebecca" is a Super-DIVA.
The holiest of Sundays is upon us. Let is give thanks for friends food drinks & football!!!!
only game I care about tonight......#NYR vs. Devils
what is a healthy meal for ppl who are highly active with type one Diatbetes and celiac?
New moon viewing party in the dressing room! Team Edward!
We have models in 95 countries and over 500 cities world-wide
what color of tie again?
EVERYTHING MUST GO!!..
Got to be rockin' both. Shed the long sleeve before sideline gb's....come on bro
Kobe's got 31 pts & yet LAL's this far behind? WTF's every1 DOING? Apparently waiting on a miracle. #24 nds 2 slap the shit outta some folks
Every parent wants a healthy baby. “Think 39” weeks. Healthy babies are worth the wait!
That was fun love the new track by and need to take their twitters off protected so i can RT haha
Cute is momentary, smart is earned, wisdom is acquired, but truth is inborn
President Obama at halftime. Doesn't he have something better to do?
Man my taxi driver...she was beast mode...that lady was speeding down the road so we wouldn't miss the bus...shes awsome!
:) MT : I am the proud possessor of an ORIGINAL Gustetic NASA business card! NASA prizes and Challenges Mgr. Follow her-she's cool!
Take a picture ..it will last longer...and you can have me forever!! #greatideas ha!
She is seriously a retard. How have you made it this far in life not being able to function on your own?
Hash browns.
We are using all the methods they have used successfully in the past for even larger crowds.
Merry Christmas y'all. Feel free to celebrate with me later at The Black Rose Irish Pub. We're open at 7pm and yes I'm working.
Thanks and you're welcome. I've got some more things to show you whenever you're ready. Heh
Chat with me people I'm bored as hell
fasho and give ya boy a shout out...
It's stupid how someone says they love you when they can't even show it.
Last night Fanny stole a PB&J off the counter. Now, she's angling for the Chinese food.
What do you think makes twitter better?
It's about time to start crank calling all of my friends who 'All-Nightered' at #disney24 ..would hate then to miss this glorious morning.
direct message
How cool! Not too long now thankfully. How close do you guys work to the cafe?
"Takes 6 - 12 touchpoints in mind of consumer to get to purchase."
chocolate cake all the way!
Great workout today with # power method studio.thanks anne!
I heard there was a big storm over there! Hopefully it doesn't get too bad. By the way how have you been/how is Idaho?
Omg im gonna die tomorrow
This weather is perfect.
After a bad weather this past weekend...Sun is out today :)..We love the Sunshine :)
Come see our leather floors!!!
Overheard in class: "DON'T think about dead puppies! That'll just make him laugh MORE!"
great idea dcdesigners! my work can be seen on www.alyssadesigns.com
what poop no
since you are passionate about selling art, out of curiosity, how is the art market these days?
GOODMORNING WORLD! How is 1 hour and 11mins into your day.
Precal just puts me in a terrible mood.
I don't think I'm supposed to have all the black and blues :/
PCDay...Love it! Enjoy ur week ;))
I see a lot of people checking for me.
I want to develop an idea into a Full viral Web Video with anyone who is interested over the Next Few weeks. You can contribute on the Blog.
they're talking about being stuck in hotel rooms to bring in the new year.
While filming the concert with I witnessed spit hot Holy bars that would make a trap rapper get saved.
Oh no, the fire is growing...
thanks Elizabeth!
Man....I can taste my Thanksgiving leftovers at this exact moment!!!:)
“: Looks like I might get back on the Internet more lol... Still thinking bout deleting the Facebook, who knows” ..should he??
Interesting quotes out of TX Dist16 debate. MT Mendoza - "...We need to think about makng MX a commonwlth of the US"
I wonder how people make themes.
We can make electric cars and iPhones that talk to you, but we still haven't found a way to make delicious food with no fat in it?
Happy Christmas
Clambake! Still a few seats left. Sept 18th 6pm Prix-fixe multi-course dinner with wine pairings $45/person. Fabulous. Reserve now....
if Juliet doesn't win the voice i'm going to scream
Feels Good To Be Home...
Good luck with your ArtWalk book mission!
that's cause The Cranberries are awesome! Was listening to them again last week.
Okay just wondering :)
Im bored....let's shoot a wall!
Oh and i didn't just get kicked out of school for beating that kid up...the other thing is a secret ;)
Happens way too often (according to booksellers I know) ... You can imagine my relief when Peter Nimble finally got a quiz!
Got my car washed today .. That's why it rained -.-
thanku ;) Make it a great Monday!!
cool. girls straighten their hair a lot.... haha
A $116 million loan secured by Tishman Speyer's Colony Square mixed-use complex in Atlanta now faces default, Fitch Ratings says.
I think needs to cut the roadkill off his face.
on somethings i do
There will not be a watch party tonight in the LSP Members' Club for the Sporting KC vs. Chivas USA match. Go Sporting!
definitely would be overkill.. even more so than
#boosie lawyer must of been that damn good cuz cuzzo got off when they was tryin to give him the death penalty
i like it. ill brainstorm this weekend and lets be in touch next week.
I was gonna say who is Lance Stephenson...No really
I'll try it again with a bigger pan or cook it longer.
You're doing great. Just keep that notion at the forefront and your craft will not be secondary. Or something. LOL
5 months... Can't come soon enough boo!
I love watching stuf about Hitler
Sometimes, I wonder.
I'm craving some KFC Mac and cheese right now.
Enjoyed an evening of peace and quiet and a sky without light pollution #Sandiego :)
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 next week! Give us a shoutout if you'd like to meet up!
Fuck me im not famous
xo RT : Just finished lovely convo and bites with and her family. Couldn't ask for a better afternoon. :)
Money Mayweather with another win!
Comics, booze and drugs! I love my life!!
Ever have a song stuck in your head and you literaly cannot stop singing it??
Thanks for the RT!
Why am i so short jeez
I am going to make this wonderful week count for a lot.
thanks for the follow
Cool dude I'll start digging on my end
Mack hits huge 3 @ at the buzzer. Butler goes to half 22-19. Very sloppy first.
Where's the luck dragon when you need one!
first softball game tonight! Gonna freeze me arse off
Thanks Lisa! :-)
Wish i'd though to record the sounds coming out of my lungs the other day. Amazing Anakin-without-the-helmet-at-the-end-of-Jedi wheezing.
Hoping I never have to stare at a b-law case again.
And whence they said this, they also had mentioned
RT : Thank you Doubles Poker on for supporting
Just heard the ice cream truck. Suppressing urge to scavenge the sofa for change and make a mad dash outside.
Bitch, not even nation wide is on your side!
Take your time.
hayley do you tallk to anyonebesides friends like fans or relatives or anything like that
" You must be a Weasley your kinda cute" "thanks"? " hi I am Angel. and you are?" "Fred,Fred Weasly"
Just Watched The Heir Crush The Easter Egg Hunt, and Somehow The Queen Found The Big Money Egg!!
what did you guys submit for last year? did I miss something?
Dad always told me when I would complain about trains... trains = jobs. Yes, Dad is a railroader.
HA my dads trying to get me to get my wisdom teeth out today
No, truck is still sick! It sucks! This weekend we'll be CC Sun 10a-3pm and then back next week for sure! Thx
What's the style on words that begin with lowercase letters when they begin a sentence? Recently struggled with the band "fun."
Creeping on twitter.
a must in the woods in Wis ": Have to pack the Thermacell. Sounds like it's a banner year for skeeters and ticks in SW Wisconsin.”
We The People bail out wall street and The banks because they are too big to fail We the 99% are too many to fail where is our bail out
I have no ideaa
behave yourself.
in production discussions for 3 features.
1st time flying out of this crappy airport & I get randomly screened. I can't remember the last time I was screened.
#borntodance: Once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare
Good morning Tonya! Enjoy your weekend:-)
Identification with an object or being is a result of constant thought and feeling flowing towards it. As you think so you become...
I bought it for my mom, but I'm sure I'll be hogging it. I'll bring it in!
It should be renamed to: "this is going on my Facebook wall."
RT : 4 California king Mattresses left at the Washington Co. ReStore NOW ONLY $10!!!
i can't listen to depressing relationship songs anymore now. definitely on my hip-hop sh*t for forever lol
thanks for meeting up! Very insightful meeting! Look forward to meeting up again!
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 19
!followed RT : follow back ?
Big day for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Lot's of gifts coming his way.
Love seeing Aston Villa right on the relegation line. They won't go down, but it's enough to know they suck.
Rehearsal for new song called Muvete have u heard it?
Last days of gym and I can't even play... :(
Happiness is a choice. Make it.
There is one in the Galleria.
Look your best in a Dr. Wiggy's full lace wig that matches your natural hairline with precision, including a widows peak! www.drwiggys.com
I'll pay for gas and getting there and back, you guys can split the camping, and we'll all pay for our own
#Miami here we come!!! Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, and my southern fam!!! Whoooohooooo!!! Thanks for the getaway!
#1 #number retweet the next # lets see how far this goes .
Heather Peters on Honda victory: "It's a sad day when regulations designed to protect consumers are used against them."
A memorable moment was when we created our 1st pass at core values. Smoothly ratified suggested, "100% jerk-free."
Yaaaahhhh got the promotion!
I love I check it out every day. Keep up the good work.
Yeah all I kinda wanna do right now is sleep.
#imagine (your talkin to austin) Austin:sorry,i got lost in your eyes what were you sayin? You:*kisses him* Austin:*smiles* -anna
: oh man, AIM…& zephyr, on my undergrad campus; AOL chat rooms during highschool. up through LJ, all free-form txt.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Talking to my nigga jhood just seen him downtown just chillin you know got a lot to think about with my future don't know whats my next move
really looking forward to June 3rd and our screening of episode 4 in the Snowballs Film Festival!!
Hey mr, please let beast perform their song right now. After it, you can scream and shake malaysia untill you die (?).
ThU! I've had my BBerry Torch for a few years, do a lot of emailing and texting, I've been NERVOUS to be without a keyboard!
Talor Battle announced his return as well. I'm just saying.
First time at last night and loved my induction to storytelling. Not to mention that our host was #amaze &
Spitfires are at the Boston Seafood Show working with 15/20 of the top North American food retailers on
thanks for all the support wife!!! You da best!
Stay away from going N. on Hulen across the Vickery Bridge.
hand raised
Another thing don't text me I like you so much I want to kiss you then text your girlfriend I love you right after that!! Again way to hide!
Watching 90210. Dylan just said, "How can you use the words 'making love' and 'bimbo' in the same sentence?"
Hi! All of our vinyl banners are created custom, individually. Nothing pre-printed. Email us!
Lord help me to hold out cause this hospital is wearing me ouit
I'm loving this app. Block, block, block!!!
Last minute road trip to Princeton University. Townie skateboarders everywhere. Campus is a ghost town otherwise.
wrong city, I'm back in Seattle ;)
Is the "circuit breaker credit" on my taxes for techie people?? They should add that.
RT The average age of a fast-food worker today is 29.5, up from 22 in 2000, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 2
Do fans really care about coach's vs media? Ever
The plainest man who pays attention 2 women, will sometimes succeed as well as the handsomest man who does not. Woman what u think?
Have a great trip, buddy!
please ask: Why would one pay for a daily email edition if they can access the day's news on the CS Monitor site for free?
Hey Brothers, today is the last day to purchase banquet tickets!
You know kid fury just went off on ignorant ass bitches a day ago..but I'm a KICB on twitter tonight because today was a good day
Agreed RT : needs more wine.
"Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops." - Arsenic and Old Lace (1944)
not gonna happen. Lol
Listening to old Prince albums with Joe Donnely in the loft I imagine he lives in
I LOVE roman in moscow!¡!<3
Happy Valentine's Day to all!!!
ehh it was alright.. I hate mondays -.- n u
Yes & no haha she's always been like that 'cause they yelled at her cause she would try to get some of the food
I hope u did get in to much shit for useding your phone. I'm sorry :(
Bouta lay down with some tea and a good book. My favorite!
Great vibe @ Woman's Success Summit Miami with
"Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative." -- H.G. Wells
Good night :)
Shame on
What'd you get?
The joy of the Lord is your strength. -Nehemiah 8:10b
I stop caring when a person show me their true colors.
Does anyone know y traffic is stopped at 635 & parallel pkwy?
Nah, you like fell of the face of the earth and now you're back.
Cool, man. Hope we get to play a show you can get to in 2012.
I can't stand it. lakefront brew is only place i'll put up with it RT : #MKEfoodies: How do you feel about communal dining?
Driver, take me to Omaha. Oh, wait, I am the driver....
Gail Dobson Latin Jazz Septet at the Coda Supper Club San Francisco Thu, November 4, 8:30pm
/ ditto! Again soon !
In Florida, an Ecological Disaster Becomes an Artistic Statement
Its too quiet
Don't wanna do shit!!
I miss you too! How've you been?!
#Sixers Home Opener this Friday. Offering $1 hot dogs, FREE rally towels. According to Fan Cost X app, avg tix: $41.
Driving & Tweeting At Each Red Light ^...^
FFUCKKK!. its okay bring me some food back .
I should teach my mom and dad tht too lol
Horrible angle
if I do, you must tune in!
Should gotta pic!!!
Anyone know the latest stats on websites displaying Google's +1 icon?
"World domination!" Best line from yesterday's ABC Nightline segment. Thanks again for this opportunity. You're the best!
Finished re-read of ACACIA (Bk 1) - fantastic! - & starting WAR HORSE by Michael Morpurgo, so I'll be ready for the movie.
killed it on the radio! Go watch them at Easy Street on Queen Anne tonight at 6pm and pick up your copy of "awE naturalE"
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin! ~unknown
True enough. Please come explain this to some of my faculty.
RT Also, nervous spec. within ACC is that if FSU goes B12, UM may try also. Academic prestige of ACC may not be enough to keep UM
next weeks's season finale of #Revenge looks amazing. i can't wait!
BH, just now seeing your kind thank you. You're welcome. Keep the GREAT info coming in 2011. GLF
Confederate States of America?
Dick Clark's legacy will be around forever. He took tv hosting to the next level
Im just an awkward person
Whats Good Fam? I Got My Order In The Mail Today And Is All Mess Up......Didt Get What I Suppose To Get
aww thanks! I'm sure it is nice. My lease isn't up for another 16 months though. :-( You seem hot from the side. ;-)
i'm gonna visit there soon! hope to meet up with you!!! :)
& I = Moulin Rouge next Tuesday.
hopefully there wasn't already too much monster consumption, otherwise u may b taking laps around the whole damn plant!
Omg Jennifer Lopez is sing kinda good. Tf
Someone text me :* .
wow. I'm just as smart. Meaning, I'm an idiot just like you.
he simply is the best at tricks hands down
CHICAGO! I'm broadcasting LIVE on at #VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N. Clark w/ from #DaBears! #Autographs 6PM!
Monday's chicken n' waffles night. Tonight we've got blue cheese waffles and wings. Delicious! We also got festive and decorated today.
not much of a difference - they start telling you why you cant and they are just SUCKING THE LIFE out of you and your kids
Drinking wine from the bottle because our water turned brown today and I can't wash the 2 glasses not in storage.
in fact i am now unfollowing you.
I like when she starts singing, "I double dog dare you" and so on... Haha.
Congrats to my girl Jahnae for getting the Model Call Baacks ! (:
I will not subtweet. I will not subtweet. I will not subtweet.
Whats the point of having cute sandals if you don't have a cute pedi to go with it!
hopefully sometime today but I'm pretty sure he's comin home today
Appropriately, I think, the A+AES avoids calling the access "open" using instead "free" #OA not = 8 months reading access
i am seeing it next thursday night
Account was hacked. Changed password twice and ran SpyBot and Anti-Virus. Anything else I should be doing?
Whereas the buffet rule alone, deemed a symbolic gesture toward lowering US debt would have raised 47 billion
“There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.” - Ronald Reagan
such a lazy day two whole days of work start tomorrow
I caved! Out getting a muffin.
Why is it raining outside?
I have literally done nothing tonight and it feels wonderful!
Follow Us:
Next Man Up-Shaw.
what you up to?
I was just playing Mafia 2 with my son. Omg, great father son time killing through the streets of Empire Bay. Love those Tommy guns.
FRI Entree Special:Prosciutto Wrapped Irish Salmon on a Bed of Sweet Corn, Fingerling Potato & Wild Mushrooms w/a Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
It is truly harnessing energy from GRAVITY, regardless if you believe it or NOT. Energy, from a "Force"
haha... anyway, it was nice to nearly meet you at the author's lunch at BookExpo, before you got kicked out of your seat!
It's school day for everybody. Have safe, happy, and bless school year everybody.
it is your world, I am just merely living in it.
Kenny: Thanks I will keep my ears open. Have a great Christmas! Tom
What's up Mikey?! You married yet?
yea I know. I have gotten any news since
Hey, thanks for all the RTs lately!
I have no reason to complain about the things that I ask for, the things that I pride myself on being. A student, a leader, son, good,
Can a brotha get a nurse?
Follow You don't even have to follow me on this account
fascinating stuff.
#Fact RT : Everything Goin Indiana Way Right Now..
I'm holding my breath. I think I'm turning blue..
Packing for the scout trip tomorrow. Can't wait!!
Luke Perry is so beautiful.
#nicholassparks #luckyone is the next book I need to read :)
These noddles actually good
- At least you get to work with a cool person. Patti. Also, I will be there.
Thanks for following, I'll be sure to keep all of my Tweets entertaining. :)
Bay View showings today ....
that's the real Mathis
Love the wing dribble from Rip Hamilton
“: I really hope that rumor and leaving The Game is false!!!!”<~~~
almost more fights in stands than on ice. The rivalry lives on. Good luck tomorrow! Bus rides home after losses do suck.
It is about time we have a kid make the McDonald's All-American game from Cali!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also don't forget to come to the Student Group Happy Hour tomorrow from 4-6 at Barney's Beanery in Westwood.
Birthday in 11 minutes
im so picky sometimes
Hoping verizon takes care of me tomorrow. Have a short with the charge connection. Been a loyal customer for a long time
Nick Swisher currently leads the league with 20 RBI
Dinner is at 3!! Be there!!
This is why I can never sleep >:( I bump some OF before bed and get pumped a/f only to lay down.
Best part of day was certainly the 8 kids on the block who took off training wheels, raised the seat and fixed the bars. All under 9 yrs old
Ready for this season
Spent 1 hour on tinychat with bad connection curling my hair to teach my friend. then i ate a mango in front of her.
2016 cars will display 30-second stern warnings against speeding before the gas will engage. People will make up the time en route.
Dude Google, you'd think the print calendar function in gmail would work correctly from Chrome, nope, had to open FF to print
Big muscles with abs
Tumble kills my battery so fast and that kills me.
To my Cedar Rapids, IA friends: My good friend /songwriter extraordinaire & artist will be at Java Creek TUES 7-10pm. Stop out!
Ain't no woman alive that can take my mommas place. -2Pac
Been even so far. Mosley fight is rather entertaining
I remember sayin C/o 2011 this time Last Year. Boy does time Fly.
We'll get #Coachella 2013 tickets if someone can verify that hologram Biggie will be appearing to make peace with hologram Tupac.
has it been 3 years already?
the event starts at 8, but try to be there before so we can set up! Just be prepared with the small group study & that's mostly it!
i am so bored i wish my dad would hurry up and leave so we can tinychat
I used to stay up to make a wish at 11:11 but I realized it doesn't really work when you left...
thanks for sharing our event!
National champs. Thanks and gig 'em.
aren't you happy we moved it up!!! I am!!! Can't wait to be Mrs. Coscia
you be killing this young man.
haha yea they should have gotten Andy samberg as nick cage in this movie.
FL attorneys: vote Gwynne Young for Pres in Florida Bar run-off election. Ballots out today. She will do a phenomenal job!
“: So do most netbook owners, I think.” / as I reply from my iPad.
I think your cupcakes look better then the other contestants.
I understand the world spatially and not rationally
This crazy Dave interview is wild as hell.
Just got a ticket for ..At This Performance. I'm so excited! Esp. to get to hear sing again! She rocks at life basically.
Movie starting Samuel L Jackson looks like a pirate
In Hamilton. Were all my Hamilton people AT?
You think #KimKardashian has been using skin care products to prepare for her big day? If she's smart she has been :-)
I have the sheet music for it....": Only if it plays 'Southie is My Hometown.'"
RIP DONNA SUMMERS!!
Boss *shows up in silver suit* "Is this the #NASA press conf?" "Yep" "F-ing right it is. Glenn in."
Go away Justin Bieber.
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs are a matter of supreme importance!” –Sandra
#savior! -- lol.. much love
Look like shit. I might wear my glasses to school today.....
Every time i date a leo female they never know what they want, time to explore a new capatibilty ..
Still holding on to #Bucks playoff hopes. #EternalOptimist. After that, time to root for
here's to new experiences...
Jackie Chan is a great man.
Music has been becoming fake sounding over the past few years..
Plz focus on issues USA is facing and dont make this a SOTElection speech. We r counting on u 2 make the diff u promised
If I don't meant Austin soon I swear I'm going to die okay.
my favorite film clips have to be "Little Rosanne" in Walk the Line. ;^) How ya doing sweetie?
Tape her and then play it for her. she will understand then
Danny Green gets his first basket when the Spurs convert off a Jazz turnover. The Spurs lead 40-39 with 4:39 left in the half.
“Prepare a path for God so that he can enter your heart.”
hasn't quite figured this whole twitter thing out.
You have all these haters bcuz they envy you and want you!!! Keep doing you and keep them wanting what you have.
Dance is like life, it exists as you're flitting through it, and when it's over, it's done. -Jerome Robbins
ha ha thanks :)
RT : I will never shut up about this ..she kissed him! ..omfgggg.
I need to leave this shit hole.
I mean your never-aging face :)
We're on Instagram now. Just follow, wait for it, thePPC. Shockingly different name from our twitter name. Most pics to come from Aruba.
Dear #ICE, let's get this started!!
Questions that aren't properly answered never go away.
post dinner entertainment is sudden dousing with ice water, followed by a complete blackout.
#WhyYoShoes look like they from the 90s?!!
trolling through tj's prom pictures...
Drawing tip: embrace fantasy; eliminate fakery
Happy Friday and Mexican Independence Day! Is it 5 yet? ;)
used an app that froze up my twitter and accidentally dropped off several people at the end of the alphabet-You're back now :)
Nice pics from at the Baltimore Contemporary Print Fair. Look for his post Wednesday afternoon on the NAP/Blog!...
Fuck yu mean turn around and bust it open for me
how have you been doing? Hope you are hanging in there <3
I want to go to sleep but I am still waiting for a DM
I agree RT : Win like a champion and lose like a champion. Laker fans should be embarrassed how this team has reacted
Luebke may need Tommy John
We actually tapped it last night, but , uh, yeah! RT via : did you tap that new beer because it's national ipa day?
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
please please have a vermont date. i'll love you forever x
#15peopleilove My Family
REAL LIFE HUNGER GAMES RT : Great cant open our fridge.. Gonna starve to death!!!!!
and was like fuck Barbies lol they have nothing
This is also just the 3rd time in school history that the UK baseball team has at least 18 SEC wins in a season (1988, 2006, 2012).
he thinks the pressure of the glasses on his ears is giving him a headache.
Gordon and Hosmer have to come to.
Have u tried either using 64-bit JVM (CF) or -Xss for smaller stack? Catching up on ur thread w/ Mike
When first line of p.r. email says "New children's book tackles importance of" I know I don't have to open it.
good morning Trelly!
Agreed! RT : Always good to see the RALC #techtribe, at least some of them (, , )!
DEAR LORD. Ostrich Eggs on #Chopped giving me flashbacks of the most horrifying Fear Factor ever.
Beautiful photos of the Boundary Waters on your site. Great place to get away.
its 9:42 am here too. where do u live? i live in Winder Georgia
ill admit though you,are an awesome champion... :)
What to do, what to do....
well except for the triple jump. We both know who has the real hops here...
I coulda told you that
RT Whip yourselves with scripture before and after you sin. #HotelBiblePurpose <--- Placed by The Gideons. Lol!
10 thoughts on the Bears&#39; draft | NFL Football News and History
And you heard M*A*S*H is no longer on the air, right? ;)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I'm sure wouldn't mind meeting her either
Good morning how's your day so far?:)
Check out P.E official FB @ Facebook.com/PristineEmpire & P.E official Blog site @ OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
Sleeping by myself;
US and Algeria are tied at half. US had chances but didn't capitalized on them yet. England is beating Slovenia.
im not rlly close to it yet so i have no idea
Thank you! RT : #SHOUTOUT #FOLLOW these great friends! Have a great day!
Why is chinese food so good? Like really!
I can't tweet upon my twitter cause I haven't done shit.
Shout out to for a great event tonight with
so great, I ordered it twice! Also denied twice
Michael Cole needs a sharpshooter from ! Meowww
You had your chance,
Been in the lab all day......loyalty
Expectations are pretty low for Obama's big "Jobs" speech Thursday. NFL pregame or speech?
yes. I will set my alarm.
Nolowe going to school! The stories are too profound in my head! SHUT UP YOU FUCKING DOCTOR
Ready to watch #CHIvSKC? Check in on #SportingExplore. Live play and trivia kick-off at 7:30!
Show at Fitzgerald's this Saturday! Come out and rock with us! We go on at 8:20 PM!
Would love to have a gametracker right now.... #usf and #syracuse both failing.
asked for
better check again lol
its not ur twitter its that cheap phone lol jp
Whoa. That so sounds like something I'd expect to say.
Why is MSNBC doing a segment on how awesome Delaware is at attracting big business?
Q8 The Postmortal. It's probably going to end up depressing, but still pretty great.
I wish RT There should be a place where you can call 24/7 and they will deliver whatever food you ask for.
We play around 9 pm tonight!
Grateful for sunlight at 7pm!
And the crowd at the Belle Isle Brewery cheers Mark Cuban dropping the F-bomb, and Mavs fans leaving the AAR early.
was a stripper?! Why couldn't I have seen that? :(
Easier said then done when they have ppl handling everything for them the majority of their career.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary
haha. love it. thanks for the giggle. poor chica!
Happy Friday Twitter. Can't wait to enjoy this nice weekend!
Follow Back <U+2764>
Flashback of Shirley Smith's 9th grade Honors English and diagramming sentences. Do the kids still do that?
well just got off of youtube watching
Same here!!! RT : RT : Friday and Saturday I am going to rock the orange and blue!!
You thought mobile was just a buzz word or a fad, think again #aea conversations tell a different story
Dinner tonight!! Reservations almost full.. New chef is doing amazing.
Just donated to Feels good. They're such a great resource here in
More like I need to get to business!! However, thank you for the encourage my new friend and i'll get on that!!!lol
Yes! Olga Borodina is a goddess!
Every new follower to equals a $1 donation to Mission's Champa House. Can you pls RT?
your welcome :)
Tweets from Price's "Two Tracts on Civil Liberty" (1778)
Cant wait for winter
Lol aww junk Johnny gill videos banging this morning;
but better to break 2-3 $15 glasses than one $200 pair? I own 3 pairs from Zenni & have broken 2 others
ello new follower!! (:
Bang! Bang!
There is a chance that you would win if you tried . think about
Some things aren't meant to happen, but everything happens for a reason!
I'm happy I'm alive
that skeleton arm in that pic is just worrisome. I LOVE RZ, but homegirl needs to eat a burger. Or 3.
And of course the free station coffee.
readin da messages ova ad ova ad ova ad ova bcuz every word maks mi heart drop ad soon itz go really b at mi feet
lol it happens...
Am I the only one who thought will smith was the actual prince of bell air...??
I saw "Children of Men" several times at the theatre.
Don't ever accept what you can't tolerate..you'll regret it if ya do!!
Note 2 self..actions speak louder then words
Check out battling, one of my all-time favorites who routinely bodies opponents. Enjoy.
hacking with science makes me think of chemisty
How many versions of Cinderella can be written?
Having awesome day with my family. Enjoy your weekend and be safe :)
What a pleasant surprise at the car dealer yesterday. The total bill for services rendered? $5.26!
My roommate went on the Anderson Cooper talk show and failed to mention she got us 2 Dyson bladeless fans as a giveaway. Bring it, summer!
If this is coffee, then please-bring me some tea. But if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. A. Lincoln
#20ThingsAboutMe I keep a small group of friends cause to much ppl fake now a days!
I don't want to hear about your AIDS-ravaged nation, I got a HAIR in my GUM!
We'll scream it loud! This is our melody; it's time to sing it out So give us words before we all forget!
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing. ~ Randolph S. Bourne
hm... Eight or eighthirtyish?
Do you think that engineering enzymes in the photosynthetic process (ie RUBISCO) for improved efficiency would help 4 this?
Thanks for the follow Shandra! Best to you. Have a good week!
He stood so straight and tall a tree trunk grew within his chest, rooting him to the earth, as he roamed.
nice picture
Its okay :)
FREE CONE DAY! On our way to ptown hahaha
#whendiditbecomecool to trim your bushes at night? My neighbor's doing it... I wonder how he'll feel about that decision in the morning...
Manchester City wins the Premier League!!! What a badass game!
oh no! D: how did it happen? Lean against an iron? :\ :[
that right! Check out the shot put one too!!! Haha
omg i love Dylan-Lee Cooke<3 this boy is like my whole life! Hes changing me casey! I love it, i rllly do(:
I hope not cause I missed it
Late to the party, but congrats on the new job. That's awesome.
Consumer Sentiment at More Than 4-Year High in May. US consumer sentiment rose to its highest level in more than four years!
Just burned my finger with my lighter. Baby blister hurts like a fat bitch
Great News, Coming soon to NYC Printing 123 are Black Business Cards. Go more unique yet professional. Call NYC Printing 123 at...
If I have what seems to me a good story idea, what's the best way to talk to you about it?
ur hair looks red
lolz you almost brought a tear to my eye! .
it was great meeting you today at #WCO11 Thanks for the follow and for helping me patch up my toe :)
Next time then... Have fun in San Fran!
"Social" is the key for informal learning
Will ever notice me? ive lost hope
got it. Low PUFA to avoid oxidation which compounds damage of high fructose. I'm excited. I'll keep you updated with progress.
One bad apple... still didn't profit from volume... no one believes they are encouraging abortion. Women need them. Always will.
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
you are so awesome! one of the greatest translators of lyric ever!
Latin Proverb~ The doctor is to be feared more than the disease.
U of O's response to LaMichael James-to-NFL report: Not only is that 100% not true, James has yet to make a decision regarding 2012.
Steven Jackson causing problems??On the show, back in December,I set the over/under of a clash with Skiles of The Super Bowl.
When your friends think that your joking, but your pants are brown and soaking.
Change and adjustment can b some of the hardest shit to go thru... Things u did shouldn't always be the things that u doin...
Me neither! I feel like I'm missing something! :) RT : I don't watch Mad Men.
Epic week: 3 screenings of # DETENTION, # OCCUPYMIDIAN is growing daily, THE DEVILS CARNIVAL sucked, and #RSD 2012 got the rest of my $ :)
Tonite is teen launch party at Rockville Memorial library. 5 authors, pizza, and advanced reader's copies- starts at 6!
#imagine you were 's girlfriend and he tweeted you everyday non stop . <3
That awkaward moment when you remember last night really happened
#confession I want four kids.
Some people call me a bitch, some people call me stuck up, some people should mind their own fucking business.
I'll sleep when I'm dead, and on Sunday afternoons.
": A nigguh need his own producer or sumn doe" dm what u looking for.
I miss you guys so much :( those were the days!
"What is the best dog for cat lovers?" I am not going to fall for what is clearly a trick or loaded question.
Girl You deserve the Idol and more. You're amazing.
So cool! Thank you for saying hello. I hope you're having a wonderful day. So what language do you speak and where are you from?
i still dnt get it
when did you go back to forever?
Hi Frontier! Flying home to Colo. this summer & I love flying with you, but do you have any specials running? So pricey ... :-/
Above the Treeline --> Penguin Group --> DK Publishing
#Fact: I watch Food Network more than the average male.
It's incredible that there are still so many people in the world that are ignorant, close minded fools.
thts rly mean! I would never say anythin like tht an no ur not I'm the fat one literally thts wht I think
What did everyone think about Alabama's 21-0 win over LSU last night in the BCS title game? Ugly game or great defense?
for sure we need to see whose going to be in this crew first before I book it!
I thought I was too! Twitter glitch, I suspect.
What Washington needs is adult supervision. ~ Barack Obama
Luckily you won't ever have to in real life! :)
no PT in high profile media market! RT not good science but captivating to audience & good marketing for chiro.
miss you baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The most important single ingredient in the formula for success is knowing how to get along with people - Theodore Roosevelt
this is where you'd like to have any southpaw other than Patton
Used a neti pot for the first time today, and I swear I can breathe more easily now. Might just be the placebo effect, but who cares!!!
Time to retaliate Yankees! Beam one of the Orioles
Dear Col†on, I love you<U+2665>
I'll be stopping by for at least some new gear.
job interviews today! lets hope we get them.
Dinner w/fam, good food and good laughs = wonderful ;)
You aren't fooling anyone with those eyebrows...
Left Phoenix with Rackers missing a short FG, landed in Tucson learning that the Cards pulled out the win in OT. That was too close!
note-to-self: never buy loo a bear
Looking forward to a shoot this weekend with three lovely models!
yes yes yes!
thanks for the thought but I'm not quite a size 6 =\
It's like seeing NYC the way my grandparents and great-grandparents lived it.
Forgive & forget. Not revenge & regret.
Go follow !
I'm on team "cute little schmeckle" FTW
Good News For People Who Love Bad News might be one of my favorite albums.
“Be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive.”
*scrolls down TL ^ fake fake fake^
The key to a productive day? It's keeping one finger on the delete key to avoid getting sucked into what's unimportant. www.chadtimothy.com
Whose ready for st patty's day weekend?
Holy cow, that breeze coming through the window is actually chilly! Wow.
Looking for an inspirational read...I highly recommend "The Soul of Leadership" written by Deepak Chopra.
Bring it! Though she's no Aimee Mann.
I KNOW, RIGHT? Golden Eyebrows! Evocative :-P
can you go to sleep...and never wake up. HAHAHAHAHAHAVSISKSD.
SMART MOVE...T-Rich can't run without an OL stay away from Weeden...if Colt can't do it this year then next year get the QB
shoot how much you got to lose ?
I'm pretty sure, as most might also think, this is stemming from Mr. Shield's off field woe's (not to be confused with hoe's).
I need mo followers!
One of these days, I'll actually see you when I'm in your hood. (I may or may not have longingly looked at your apt... creepily.)
Me 2 let's go!!
:-) thanks so much
Fantastic projects - congrats to all! RT : Very pleased to announce 14 winners of 2011 Digging into Data Challenge.
Send your light, love, healing, positive energy, and prayers to our friend Steve ( ).
lmao we silly as hell
Happy Easter... #childhood Memories.
IF THAT WAS THE CASE I WOULD OF TAPED THE GAME AND TOOK MY TAIL TO SLEEP.
thanks for the RT! :)
If what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, should I bring the kids home? Just saying.
Yes! Make it a positive one! RT : You have a choice every day regarding the attitude you'll have that day.
Right back at ya! Great group ...
Or not. Already has appealed.
Even though the wounds are still fresh, looking back, it was an unbelievable season Here's to passing '11 with an even better '12!
Me and going to run in the 90 degree heat....
we are an important swing vote in some crucial states!
your facebook profile picture just killed me.<U+2665>
If you are really content with yourself you shouldn't care what other people say about you you show you care because you responded
More like I hate American History
NP Can I Come Over: Aaliyah
I say NO to drugs, but they don’t listen.
Signed the (virtual) dotted line - La Jolla Half Marthon incoming!!!
just stop :)
We wish the the best of luck as they go for their sixth league championship this weekend!
Kids, my movie won The Oscar. Its been a good week.
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics. I do have a few of those, though.
u guys fought hard tonight!!! U made us all very proud! Keep up the good work.
you should get one of those hat cages you can stick in the dishwasher.
giving honor to god and saying a prayer for everyone in the world
Tomorrow I'm off to a Writer's Refuge for a week of solace, solitude and the beach.
Nick & Sam's + Princi Italia! Anne says hi!
uh, yes plz
why not African toast?
Lived in Green Bay for 2 years and am eating at Krolls for the first time!
Just saw the place across the street bringing their American flag down the pole for some reason. First thought: "O crap, we ARE seceding!"
school is almost over!!! Get down here and go out with and I.
Japanese #earthquake and #tsunami used social media to find survivors comes in at #2 on top social media
Focus on the WHAT not the why
What holds us together is far more important than what is tearing us apart.
hey pretty thug !!
Tonight I am cooking up duck breast w/ pomegranate sauce, sweet potatoes and and southern green beans.
you mean that guy that ran the Olympics 10 years ago ? He's a pretty man.
I know that was a great suggestion on Linked In...following you also.
So good to have a productive rehearsal!!! Gig should be fun on Saturday. :)
I feel special now :)
I always have the biggest crush on straight guys! >.<
Thx bro. RT : i sent you that track
See you on the horizon!
I don't think that deserves a suspension. I'm fine with the 5 on 3 and him being out for the rest of the game.
I think the Yuma e coli can be a direct result of illegals going through fields.
yes, I knew you would understand.
you'd be so proud. Only TWO! :)
Let the water baptisms BEGIN !!!
I am embarrassed that I did not quickly turn off tv show about royal wedding. (I like the accents.)
not just him.. the whole team. They are hitting the ball well
Make ur kids FUTURE better then urs..
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
she saw it on Good Morning America. Hahaha
Why is that?
Let me know if you think of others!
good and yourself
you are such a good prankster :D :P luv you
I LOVE THE VIDEO! MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE :D <3
Good bull, she have a good birthday? She's a baby so probably so haha. Weekend was good. :) Yours? Training is going okay thx
- I'm officially weak :(. Got any gym recos in lower manhattan/brooklyn? I need to re-enter the culture! cc:
When mind is weak, situation is a PROBLEM. When mind is balanced, situation is a CHALLENGE. When mind is strong, situation becomes an OPP.
Then you will LOVE what I'm playing next on ;)
not bad, Clarks not that great lol! I want to go to palo
can I come? “: Best buddy from grade school lives south of Atlanta. Divorced. Three spare rooms. Already hit him up. #Catlanta2013”
Our digital learning rep is at #mozfest (Mozilla festival) in London, keep the DY flag flying!
u r not coming over?!
Retweet Extremely heavy rain/wind now nearing down on Galveston proper. Island being hit pretty hard.
I want to go to the next bulls game just to say I have been to one
Kings nation rise up !
You Hit Me ; I Hit Your Ass Back . iDGAF iF We At School.
sunny anderson making peanut butter & jelly pancakes? no ma'am........i can't get w that one, & nobody will change my mind lol!
Just signed my own birthday card at work. Wonder if I should start paying more attention to what I'm signing?
Hey #ATL friends! I'm looking for a photographer for an event this weekend. Know anybody? Please @ or DM me with any suggestions. Thanks!
Damn I love me some
I think it's fun to see pics of what's in grocery carts! Some blogs showcase readers' pics, like how does! :)
Doing better than Cousin Dyer! True History of the Kelly Gang is the one I've read from him, y me gusta mucho.
I'm right behind you!
I'm convinced there's no such thing as Celtic Fans, Heat Fans, etc.... There's Laker Fans & Laker Haters.
Why, thank you!
Feelin kinda down
Thank you everyone for participating in our celebration of World Literacy Day! We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
Love it!
ADAPT IS open today....no delays, no change of schedule. Be careful driving out there and we'll see you soon.
RT : A moth flew into my ear, its still in there... How do I get it out? [ stand next to a bright light? ]
First I burn my forehead, then I burn my arm...
I can dig it! Lol
I'm just the new kid in town.
Just visited for the 3rd time. What a cool company! Always feel so inspired after a session with -Thanks man! YOU ROCK
Hey I am down!
what's up with the delay in ordering #USWNT new home kits? Big bummer for fans.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved. - George Eliot
pretty sure thats an old folks home
I hate breaking in dance shoes... :(
so you'll still be working at gsw?
be there in a minute!! Hahahaha!
I'm ready for #GleeNationals!!!!!!!! <U+2665>
"Campana" and "James Russell" are trending
I knew this is what I wanted
Do those 5 hour energy shots work ?
Too many funerals, not enough graduations, too many babyshowers, not enough weddings.
You're using the wrong tube. You see, the Internet is a series of connected tubes and you need to choose the right one.
Filmstock went great. Got compliments on Pick Me! Met reporter for indie film journal. Best in show was doc Vending for Change.
Sorry to be missing #mithdd talk, since the early project was supported by a SUG. Please say hi to Bill from the folks at ODH.
We #would like to #take this #time and wish all Mothers! Happy Mothers Day
Jen Cole: "what's important about the fringe fesival is that you have the opportunity to form a new audience"
just got really up in here!
Follow il follow back
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 20
Well done, Jen! RT "I personally think everyone should jump on Twitter and compliment "
Thanks for the RT, :)
lol nothing wrong with Miami Beach
Creating new projects & products. Love being productive!
I've got the Folsom Prison Blues. Thanks, ! :-D
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money. Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
I hope you have someone to talk about these feelings with. Your words remind me of how I have felt in the past. Don't lose hope.
let's go this summer ! XD<33
Christmas day
Blake Griffin is insane.
~ Thnx for the #FollowFriday! I forget to add my own #FollowFridays! Please remind me when it's Friday!
Awesome! Keep up the good work!
You know what kills me ....we number one and Yall still throwing pussy and Dick around like we AIDS free
In parent teacher conference for our second grader: "He's a movie star guinea pig."
Great for #NFL interest, but also great for migraine if you're trying to keep up with all of the unorganized chaos!
We live at Scott house lol
Dayummm, Castro with the glove scoop and toss for the out!!! So fine.
Still here. Just finishing my last year of high school. What you been up to?
Why do lawmakers disrepect teachers?
have fun
i want to see Young Adult! have you seen previews for that?
Pyromaniac up next! Say hi to us at the merch stand! Oh and buy some merch!
cuz i'm in beast mode, beast mode, gimme dose beats i eat dose
Excited to be at the Kolbe Prof Growth Seminar in Phoenix - Great to see and - amazing work from Kolbe Corp
Paging Santorum "Every form of life is unique, warranting respect regardless of its worth to man" UN Gen Assem R A/RES/37/7 RT
Ashy ashy Youze a stupid fucking hoe ashy ashy you need to take yo ass home
how about all their songs....
until Sunday I might stay half of the week im gone see though u not going to summer school
It was! Thank you!! RT : Event at was so fun. So many people and lots of book recommendations. Yay! Thank you!
Nope! We don't identify wit losing much...so it's on you!
Wish was here to watch the Nats play at Dodger Stadium. Miss you Dad.
Funny i was craving pizza at practice & then when i get home my parents had pizza for me! i hadnt even told them! :D
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill and don't know it.
You is coming out tonight? I am eating Scotch Eggs by myself?! Again...
"We've heard a lot of Bush since getting to Alberquerque." -Mike G, Al Lover & The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour.
nothing. agreed. breast to impress!!
You stay drama free by minding your Fuckin business
Ur an awesome lady!
Our manager is in Austin now. Just fyi.
Text rec'd: "Sentient, Living, Breathing" ... <3
Great job to all of CCB's amateur dancers at the Big Apple Dancesport Challenge this weekend!
we'll have the rare oppurtunity to watch another football immortal play his final years. Great memmories are upon us!
Begins run through of "The Producers" today
sluts sorry if it was awkward haha
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
im in love with this song, so just hush baby shut up heard enough, stop tal tal talking that blah blah blah <3
Proud to be Lambda Pi Chi.
Woah, Scientology advertising on prime time? Who knew? And with prominently featured Israeli flags no less. Hidden message much?
ok, "old fashioned". I eat with a hat in the press box all the time, sorry in advance.
lunch time going on Sara n Amelia holdin it down. Patio open and its awesome out in the third ward. Went to benelux last night, twas rad!!
TGIF! Because this weekend is going to be AWESOME! Spring Fling/Music Festival, a Padres game and a banquet! visit our FB to learn more...
Wow, really missing Tweeps lately, craziness going on here.. new job, traveling, house hunting..Serenity Now!
Somebody do my hair
It's so chaotic how could you not be controlling?
I'll be your Linus if you'll be my Sally
Capt. Barron of the Chesapeake refuses to be boarded. The Leopard opens fire capturing her by surprise forcing Barron to surrender.
We really don't hear enough from our fans. You all ready for a new sound? It's coming. It'll be "us" but with more feeling
47,567 people like Wines That Rock.
way too excited to get my glasses on friday. yay for not being blind anymore? gotta love buddy holly glasses.
-smiles and takes a sip from my smoothie-
Omg I just got invited to the prom lmao! Damn I feel young again lol!
I just made my own shop and could NOT be more thrilled about it! THANK YOU!!
aw bless! Shame were not coming:( your gonna be bored!
hahahaha yeah, probably just gonna get people angry with me.
Also, putting Fruity Pebbles in brownies is a good idea.
I cannot image how his super-PAC attack ad with Lithgow doing voiceover could be surpassed this year… no doubt someone will try…
Lmao ugly bitches with cute guys
They actually adjusted the gross for '21 Jump Street' up. Disney investors scrambling after 'John Carter' mess...
#DearMarch , please bring us warm weather. I am BEYOND ready to wear sun dresses, gladiators, and sunnies :)
system education of india . Mentorship ply their teaching interactive multimedia systems – education, exhibition – Education
Dm's are down, twitter is having issues today
a giant pink elephant that's about to snort up paul bunyan.
Thank u
I wish i would at least get a peak at how Ringer was going to be ended.
you still the best, don't worry you will get them back next year and get that ring
lmfao!! All bad.. y'all old dawgs gon go out like Barren Davis.
Good thing this game means nothing
GUYS....FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Not able to watch the game and I guess I'm glad I'm not. Let's go
We spend hours talking... about nothing.
Boozer is in the zone right now. LOVE IT!!!! Lets beat the Heat!
Thanks, Brad!
to our loyal viewers, rest assured "I HAVE A MASTER'S DEGREE." LOL
Feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the love and support that's been washing over me the past few days. Thank you so much! <3
the hologram of Jimmy Hendrix.
Hahha!!! Oh Martin, that's a good one. :)))
yea man we bout to have a big party for him tonight
Yankees: "We believe in AJ" Do you also believe in a extra long off season?
Thanks coach! Much appreciated.
Sorry you got attacked by this douchebag!
happy birthday!:)
looks fabulous in green!
Being the best me I can Be.
Hello, Santa Monica. I can feel the ocean breeze... It's been too long. So excited!
ur movie looks like its gonna be good
Matter of fact, perkins look like the black ghost of sparta kratos!!!!!!!
just updated some portfolio samples on the website (print and flash). check it out.
Im sick but i dont really wanna drink pee tho
": Scrimmage #showtime" Go Irish!!!
school is almost out..but imma miss my friends specially the crazy ones abd u knoo who u are!
watching my shows :)
I just love 's #Mistletoe video. GIVES ME CHILLS BEHIND MY SPINE every time. <3
Btw, I'm done playing Syndicate poker after this season. Too much
we would love to present our new program and certification with you!
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” ~Buddha
T2 I have seen providers utilizing mhealth tools to improve point of care documentation and patient interaction
So irritated
.-_|!! SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
you have to take the bus? that sucks ass. I'm all warm c;
Celebrating July 4th by practicing on my American violin made by Phillip Injeian with my American bow made by US Paul Martin Siefried.
But is he happy?
Good morning everyone :)
LaRussa never got suspended for eating babies though...
Odd person out
Vicki Callahan () on microtopia: places of possibility for conversation without constraints, to imagine improved environments
lianna told me to ay that fighting is gunna lead no where so they shud just stop!
lol what am I thinking
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I can't wait till I can drive.
thank you for the rt
Jesse - will be emailing you :]
Yeah you did... ;) ": I just got RT'd by a baby. With a potty mouth."
Q: What's the difference between a Wagnerian soprano and a baby elephant? Let's see some good answers. Don't look it up!
Or sexier... #trybeforeknock “: "Carnal Priest" might be one of the scarier pairs of words.”
Enjoy the sun while it's here! Great day to sit outside :)
#tax questions? Tweet us now 888 895-5727 call in line
why I love #GEEBZ - I learned that you could pull string away from a tooth by using a pliers! XLV gon' POP TARTS on REPEAT!
i will hopefully be going!
I have to go :( I'll tty 2morrow Love ya, Goodnight <3 xo :)
I dont care.
Every time I feel down about the job market - I read my resume and my spirits shoot up. What a great ride so far.
im on a slide this week they pushed my shoot back till the 14th.
Heat vs Pacers game 3 tonight. Watch the game at Whiskey Tango!!
“ who to text , who to text . . *goes through contacts*”
Two hours left on this tour. Get me the fuck off this bus.
- Thanks Peggy! Have a nice Friday and a great weekend!
- just read the article. Wanted to find out how long he's out.
RT : Bring on day two conference… JOIN US on the 3rd floor at the Booth
A fun quote from M*A*S*H Colonel Potter, "I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich."
fun for kids of all ages!
THE LACES WERE IN!
I realize I've got the best friends a Pony could have. I love you & miss you guys already! ( idk how to direct twitter)
IM FREAKING OUT MARTALIE FTW
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
I wasn't the first person on the roof. Fuck.
We are at meeting with some folks from Wichita State University about a communications panel we'll be on tomorrow.
follow back? =)
Damn! Love tacos but don't live in Austin
RT : At EdTechLink Jason says we need to give kids tech tools to fix the problems *we* have created.
Feeling motivated
Let's hope heat lose tonight
I'm sorry for any problems you are experiencing. Please follow and DM us the info of the acct in question.^CS
so when are you going to divinity school?
Of if iuyf
We are excited to keep you connected! Have a safe trip to Mexico!
yep yep. penguin pride! totally won the soccer game!!!!!!!!!!!! :)))
To the mall with and #twitterless Kayla.
“: Do NOT free Boosie” He garbage lol
Summer break needs to get here faster.
have a great time!
I'm not your brother! I'm yours! I can't leave you alone! I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Forget the lakers, thunder, and the heat. I'm ready for football season
Looking forward to cardio latin class this Saturday at
found my sister..
taking pups on their nightly run thru #missionhills. hopefully won't see guy who almost ran over me last night. bastard.
omg WHEN DOES YOUR ALBUM COME OUT IM WAITING??? <3 XOXO
but how do we get the time? It is hard to convince admin to change a rigid school schedule
yoo me need fe start sell donut again! make some money cause me tired of stayin home
what about saying "Adult Only" seen that one many times.
I don't want to go to school.
Damn I hate when girls lie makes me sick!!!
I'm so irritated. I'm so close to snapping.
hey , when is a good time of the week to show up and sell books? I gots me a LOT.
I miss you too man!
Have to change my Twitter handle to Sorry for confusion, but it's still me! :-) Betsy
nope Florida State is we're it's at
Oh hell no Irish Selena called American Selena a bitch!
very powerful!
well if you work with me I'll help ya out!
Shocked to hear about Junior Seau. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
i wonder how many music sub-genres there are on wikipedia
Riding aboard for our Defining America trip through Texas! San Antonio, we're bringing and , too!
Wednesday morn I'm on discussing summer movies. Tune in! Also, what color shirt should I wear? Leaning toward mocha.
*joins you?
Squeeze till it hurts.
Why bother with that when you could be seeing at Sticky Lips?! :)
me too c:
Which Christmas movie should I watch tonight? I forgot the Muppet Christmas Carol and my fave A Christmas Carol in Indy.
looking forward to hanging out a lot, buddy
Thanks to and for mentions and RTs.
Nail Shop Flow >>>>
Thank you so much for joining in! You were a wonderful voice in the conversation!
and last question and i should be good to go he says: come in to my place its ok for u to stay i need u for this partay?
looks like #gaga is divorcing Target. Wonder if its connected to the Target suit against our coalition parter #canvassforacause?
Singing so LOUD AND HARD "rather die young" by Beyonce.That song just takes me somewhere...yeaaassss!
Don't allow a 3 , don't foul them in the act of shooting and rebound the ball. #NBAPlayoffs #Defense #Knicks !
New Mixtape coming early this summer!!! In the meantime, you missing out if you aint hopped on board with everybody else.
Yuh Know Bo ?
Dear twitter people can u please help me reach a 1000 pllleeeeaaassseE?
If you sent every e who follows you $20 you would make a normal wage like us.
She's beast on the court!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
Enjoyed consults tremendously. Some interesting books pitched. Well done, ladies!
the appraisal came in smaller. Don't wanna dis Geddy Lee.
The best!!!
Great to meet you too and hear a little about #sd36 at
Ladies dont ever let anyone tell you what to do, I hate seeing that shit. You are all strong as hell so stand your ground.
I knew I was on to something: "Nothing is more important than an unread library." -John Waters via
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
OE on a full stomach. Always such a good idea.
I'm losing everybody.
what's a five percenter?
“: How did the banner distribution go? Have a lot of them left?” They were all distributed! Tiger fans rock!
MB Not gunna be at no event in nyc may 5 :(
Hmm well I don't think I will be at the games as I have a beer fest on Saturday and Mothers Day stuff on Friday and Sunday
Me, my husband and our two children. Thank you :)
Are you a sorority girl?
I have no mom
Dear Pearson, Thanks for the intellectually numbing tests. Really made school worth skipping. Sincerely, Students
BookMobile is exhibiting at #aam12, come say hello! Booth 1909. See locals at local convention.
where you from sweetheart
Had a great day at da gym i played hard back to school
Oh, he's going! He doesn't dare cross me. We spent half a hockey season together. The man knows better.
No, more about town getting too big and dialing area code for any call :)
Cool! It will be available ONLY as a premium through the campaign to fund a new video series. This week!
neither did I but I enjoy the movie thoroughly
Thanks for sending your friend the link to this cover. I really appreciate your support. Thanks again!
Thank you!!! RT : happy mothers day(:
aw! That sucks. Buffalo won a playoffs spot
Lol. On the People Mover.
"May the dreams of your past be the reality of your future”
XL is for big kids!
thanks so much! <3
awesome. Congrats. Grew up with Goldens, they are great family dogs.
I'm always tired yoo.
What's it say when 2 sessions of #RVAgptw for 300+ HR professionals has less than a dozen tweeters?
#Educare of Chicago will celebrate the theme, "Early Years Are Learning Years," with a series of classroom based activities.
Judges are off to make some decisions. $10,000 on the line.
Hey couple taking self pics while kissing on the metro, STOP IT.
Whats up world! Finally Back on here!
totally jealous I was just in South Beach & Delray last week flurries here in DC today
exactly I do too
Who would have figured Anthony Weiner WOULDN'T wind up being the Douchebag of the Week?! RT : Tracy Morgan: I Would Kill My Gay Son!
Rt ": Off to the airport! DWAir is headed DOWN UNDER BABY!!!!!!!" LOVE it!! Safe Travels XOXO
That's okay. I just finished watching Season 2 of Torchwood, and I cried. Since when does scify become so moving?
Lauren Gaskill with a leadoff 2B for VT and Mitchell is onto pitch for Gillen.
Just now listening to this Dream Chasers 2, so excuse my delayed tweets.
Praising God at Harvest Crusade w/ the David Crowder Band in Anaheim. Where are you tonight, why aren't you here?
Hope everyone has a wonderful 3 day weekend .
I just watched it as well..same reaction ..but Horrible Bosses was rockin RT : Bridesmaids: meh
Nook lending "laughably restrictive. ... lend a book only once, to one person, for two weeks, during which time you can’t read it."
Lol at how my mom thought I was actually going to leave my phone home today.. No my phone belongs in my pocket.
Just got off the phone with Patrick Calder running for Congress in Maine. Neat guy. If you live in his district you need to pay attention.
Sometimes I keep my thoughts and feelings to myself. Because its hard for others to understand..
S/O to for getting accepted to pharmacy school...I'm praying that can be me next year
God expects you to answer when He calls you! I am grateful He will call until I answer. What a God!!!!!!!!!! Be Encouraged!
how many classes do you have left? I'm taking 2 classes in the first session then 1 in the second.
you got I've already said enough
#chidatadive story up tonight, lots more #shareablechi coverage to come this week and next!
You'll love this. RT: Oh, so you think women belong in the kitchen? Tell me how your dating life has been.
Damn. is a fuckin cutie ;D
Opening statements by both sides are done in the Washington County Sheriff contempt hearing. Witnesses being called.
If you are doing your own pressure washing, only use the Red Tip on very hard surfaces and tough stains.
#GetAfterIt in the parking lot kid
you are AWESOME I love ur music and everything about you Follow me ? :) that would be my birthday wish :) <3
im having to wait a month or so becuses im gonna have to use another song
No, I wasn't planning on it.
I really wanna see, "The Devil Inside."
Thanks for sharing our post! :)
love this!
Looking forward to the Apple media event on 1/27. iTablet? iPhone enhancements? We'll know soon enough.
Never...but Never..bet against your Mom!;)
New video almost complete be on the lookout fa me
hm....what to do with my last day on Earth?
On Earth, on the North American continent, in the United States, in New Mexico, in Clovis, on State Road 467, a cow knocked over a woman.
haha dont u have anything else better to do a UB aka China town o.0
Happy New Year, Sid.... miss ya!
was wondering about the reunion. apparently she had a dream about it.
Got to meet today Good dude, nice meeting you man!
You speak the truth too much its awesome!
When u get to that point where you're half asleep and u get a txt and it scares the crap out of you <<
You don't want to change that's why you said no.
E-Gads, she looks like the standin for Jack The Pumpkin King.
looking forward to Comic Con this weekend!
Those guys at the rac who think they're good
Are you on?
Finally they play Starships on the radio!!
Thought for the Day: "Men are born to succeed, not fail," --Henry David Thoreau
u know u want to jump om lol
where are you ?
Madison is a GREAT town! and not too far from Chicago ;-)
why are you so perf?
You are most welcome
Playing bball with my son. I stuck out my tongue to make a sweet move. He didn't know why. Jordan 101 begins today.
You should change your name officially. Pisseroffnot The Great Warrior Spirit might be the best name ever.
re-evaluating who i follow - way too many agendas flying by in 140 characters...
Planning some cool women's initiatives for mentors and mentees this spring/summer. Stay tuned!
Im crying on da inside but my pride wont let me show it found out my nigga was killed today idk its like im #SAD n
jammin to my favorite band(:
how can it be #puffpuffpasstuesday when you don't pass to anyone? more like
so are you taking summer classes?
The 40 year old virgin movie is way better unrated
OMFG. I SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND AND HE SAID LE GASP. I AM NOT SHAKESPEARE I AM SPEARESHAKE LMFAOO
Edit, then split into multiple posts. Okay to brain dump, man.
Getting home from college and getting hit up by everyone you didn't talk to in high school..and not caring.
it was a good run, thx! & yes we are! have a great time in NYC!!!
Awesome workout this morning. I needed that kick in the ass!
Thanks for joining us! : Thanks to for this amazing #inconversation event with Jim Lehrer
My #BiggestRegret is trying to look like a pudgy suburban redneck version of Billy Idol in grade school
well A) How embarrassing for you. B) I rarely dare brave the mall -- hence my Arboretum visit.
#NickiMinaj: “Play the hits!” Disappointed.
that's probably $3 of the total.
Weak and Whack shit is not acceptable in 2012. Niggas might get cut off.
Grabbed a breakfast croissant in Atlanta. Boarding plane to Indy
I've got the same shit! How annoying! >.<
this worries me
we had a great time playing Barktoberfest. Your team puts on a great event.
Ty is being so lame right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Paris, Italy or Amsterdam decisions decisions.
White boise hate tweeting # lukin ass
I hope junior year isn't as exciting as this year...
OMG. I just found the entire season of the LA Complex online..I'm going to watch the entire season right now:D
I can't check it out right now because my phone doesn't let me but as soon as I have time I will listen to it and let you know!:D
Exchange is the buzz in your social media cocktail. Please network responsibly.
Here, but dont know the topic de jour
congratulations you've made me paranoid and itchy.... I hate you.
Spotted: Bumpits at Big Lots for $2. You know, in case you were feeling Jerseylicious today.
The only thing "military" about these charts is that they were written by the Army's premier jazz musicians. Enjoy!
workin' hard I see ;)
RT i love people who text back instantly :)
identify chords played in a song? usecase?
Erm they better have not .
Done too. Xo
Feels good to wake up at 1030 for once on a school day. Thank you Mr. H
two of the best players in the world and they go to Chalmers???? I like LeBron, anyone sticking him is a bad matchup.
You don't really learn about the comedy and tragedy of human existence until you get behind the wheel and have fares run off without paying.
Like this pedometer app on my phone but it says I've walked 25 steps as I've driven down Barton Springs Rd (Autocorrect->odometer)
I started it today! Did you as well?
Pretty Good Since its my first day of Summer Break. ;) #You ?
Ruh Roh. This could be trouble. And by trouble, I mean delicious. MT : NEW PIE! Come in and try our savory Fat Tire Brat
discover 88.9 yet? if not tune in and consider sponsoring a fantastic listener supported station! I did.
Obama is coming to campus!?
Thx, know what you mean -- passed it million times w/o seeing it. Happened to be there, thought I might as well point camera up.
reading up on how to be a faculty adviser to a college newspaper. Lots to learn.
It's almost Labor Day Weekend! Don't forget to order some cupcakes for that end of summer party.
mama monster I love you. Because of you and Bad Romance, and my love for being on stage, I won the karaoke contest last night.
watching the notebook!
At the owensboro sportscenter, it looks like the Flint Fairgrounds Coliseum...The Redwolves play for the Flint Megabowl v. Brescia tonight!
Hey (And yes, #downtown!) MT : We can make a signature drink for Justin's farewell bash. So sad he's leaving.
why is my mom such a bitch?
is actually the best person ever.
#Penguins to prevail of course. RT : Hockey crystal ball sees an Eastern Conference Final
May God give you grace and peace in all that you do.
At least we went to the last show.
how was yo mother day
Same here
#YouShouldNeverTrust someone who ALWAY says you can trust them if it were true they wouldn't keep saying it
The difference between Being an artist, and Being a songwriter for me is ...I'm either holding the brush, or Being the canvas..-db
yeah man shit is going to be great!
naughty, becareful out there and have a great weekend!
I don't care if it's been 30 years. I don't care that I love her. I don't care that she knows I reacted exactly like I did.
Hanging with
Has it really come to this?
You remember: 10% heard - 15% seen - 20% heard/seen - 40% discussed - 80% experienced/practiced - 90% attempting to teach others.
Damn! I than done it again.. Smh lol
Omar i was upset that i missed SXSWi this year but now i'm FURIOUS! you mean i missed Leonardo da Vinci! He was there! incredible!
sad I missed #zombiecrawl today looks like #beautybar instead
3000 protested at a hospital today. I couldn't be there, but saw this sign on the news: "My CEO makes $2.3 Mil and thinks I make too much".
just 'cause I'm so popular and good at stuff. That's why.
me either kinshollo, me either.
Your telling me #McDonalds just woke up again and thought, "yeah maybe healthier meals for kids" WTF
“: That awkward moment when a boy has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.”
thanks for the RTs/mentions
awesome! Good luck on your sweepstakes! Yes, the pages will switch to timeline format.
Work hard and stay focused on the goal and you will see the results your are looking for.
There's still two more races on the #KYDerby card! Bet the Power and Maan look strong here.
Part of me.
If anybody needs me today, you will find me a the rac pool all day long
RT : Perhaps the most compelling (un)conference pitch I've ever come across. // Thank you! Hope you join us. :-)
Listening to country music while cleaning.. god I love my roots.
Both #Swerkers followed back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>. S/O &
Once they go public... I agree.
Asserting a little control over my inbox with Outlook rules. All very elementary school. "New rule!"
now all I have to do is make 4 Adult friends and introduce them to awesome burritos.
Great! Follow me back so I can PM you.
Good to see its not dark when I leave work anymore.
Can't for the life of me get #Cassandra to play well with #Ruby on #Rails. Time to flee back into the warm embrace of
I may not have a Pulitzer but I'm "published" on #craftbeer bottles w/ above average circulation - not a bad start. Tower 20 IIPA is coming
You should go to SXSW. So I can meet you and buy you hot wings or whatever you like to eat.
Tuesday would work, where you want to go?
Well best of luck to him!
Great piece on Leaf
Cst's and ap tests tomorrow -__-t
Hate this. Really really hate this.
get on that
Jobs, high wages and economic growth.
RT : apparently it's easier to let me do all the thinking or troubleshooting then just figuring shit out yourself.
are we watching the Pudue game or an old 80's movie? #TeenWolf #4 St Mary's I think its Michael J Fox so bust out the 8'Rims!
Ha! They're ALL him. Interchangeable.
I drop my phone on my face all the TIME!! It Sucks!!
I'm not afraid of insects taking over the world, and you know why?
Cleaning my room...YAY!!!!!!
Just takin a breath after last nights video shoot. Shit was cray,seriously cray.but we did it and still alive...I have some amazing friends
Such a beautiful day! If that doesn't put a smile on your face, you need to learn to celebrate life
Gifted usually means slow ,mentally retarded,ifeel so sorry for people without a clue,turn your back on family for someone laughing at you
God Made Life Hard So i Will Try Hard To Obey......
Newbie loves the Twitterverse that she's shaped - but 140 characters? My thoughts just don't seem to fit #Kony #Trayvon - where to begin?
that was a fun day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KENNY!
Cher Lloyd is my favorite person.
“: Hour to Super Bowl kickoff. Time for the Philadelphia Eagles Dream Team to put their Bagel Bites in the oven.”
Excuse me, Mr. Marilyn Manson sir... Why are your tickets starting at $115.00, for the House of Blues? Um.. no.. thanks.., that's ok..
Well I'm a bicycle mechanic a motorcycle mechanic, a painter and I know my way around a car oh and I sometimes translate for ppl
If you're a female musician! You should def check out
so, everyone left "downtown" and headed to pioneer square or what? no one was "downtown" when I took that shot so perhaps elsewhere.
I want a walk-in bourbon chest.
my pain is deeper than space......lmao
Insomnia has its privileges. #Angels Jered Weaver tosses a No-Hitter! #Caps lose to #Rangers go to triple overtime. What a night.
Are you an around-and-around girl, or do you mow the grass in patterns? I'm a patterns guy myself.
I have almost all major breakthroughs in my teaching, my art and my philosophy when I am on my bike.
I hate it .. “: loves the illuminati lol”
Just got a very happy text from Reno. Casey's 13s put away a very tough match. Go WAVE!
I have a 2005 Acura RL AWD for sale. Only 10,000 miles! Contact me to come and take a look.
What is this talked-of mystery of birth But being mounted bareback on the earth?
Great morning sessions at #TUgis so far. Come by the #Esri booth to hear more about ArcGIS Online and what's coming in 10.1.
Great Work Kerry - It's Great to Have a Woman of Color on Network Television as Beautiful and Brilliant as You!
Bosson: is there a way to draw HD 63 without going over to Santa Rosa?
An ma ballz r empty yea
The Guto thinks Wooly Booly is the best song ever written on the subject of beastieality, ever.
just figured out which direction hawaii is from where i'm sitting in my house. ahh yes...
AND DAVID FREESE DID IT!!!
Please tell me that the Sens goalie didn't just go to the locker room BEFORE the handshake... UNACCEPTABLE
Just ask yourself if your ready to have a Child..
CJ Wilson lasts 1/3 of an inning. That's what I like to see!
DANG GIRL. I didnt forget forget I just didnt really think about him as much lolol.
Slim Bacon in an hour and a half! don't be late!
#JaneDoeLLC .. Is everyone ready for 4.20?! :-) Jane Doe, LLC. is PREPARED! Meet Mary Jane tomorrow! <2
silly one but I love end scene in BETTER OFF DEAD they are sitting & kissing on the car, camera pans out & paperboy is coming
wonderful! +me have very large data here at HU - ya'll have helped a lot!
I thought I'd save my boyfriend some $ by just posting pics of other peoples flowers
Thanks for coming! See you soon.
"I want you, to run away with me and experience something new. Anything you've already done just won't do."
If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.- Brian Tracy ~
yuup. Well, I'm trying out again. :p
oh I know, part time car washer and then on the side I do some cabaret and then some opera at big shmancy parties
Can't Sleep. anyone else?
Thanks for the encouragement. Seeing is Believing. Healthy Scalps make healthy hair!
Watching Mars Attacks! - this is how you kill a Sunday after football season
Thx for the follow & mentions Joe
love quoting movies? Let us know your favorites - we'll tweet them for you.
Seriously put on a lot of holiday weight.. wow.. if im not careful i'll go back to middle school weight.. ah!!
cute twitter pic...
Grab your growlers...We now have all 7 Brew Dr. Kombucha flavors on tap at our Hollywood location including our brand new Jasmine Lavender!
hellzyeah, lolol..you're not getting another opportunity like this girl. >_>
we be steady mobbin
We have Donna Wilkinson, VP of HR for the , on hand to answer your questions. Tweet at us with #big10expo!
Welcome back to the States,
also a big fan. From saint Paul.
lazy ass lol
Photoshoot on the beach..
We are in the June issue of Pain Magazine for Shop of the Month... How cool is that? Go check it out!
ok im gonna help u promote this so ill post it 2
we all know....it wouldnt be boring if i were there ;)
Enjoy today, because you never know what tomorrow holds!
RT : Time does not wait, make your move!
Top sales again this week.. always keep the hustle strong and your motives pure.
Round 2 is almost completed. Ai is the leader at -11, followed by SH Kim, NYC, and Inkster.
Two words: climate change
awesome story, society really need these good souls to take on the modern day corporate vampire behemoths. Yea Jeff M!
Can't even go back to sleep; irritated than a bitch;
Lovin da job. I make money, clown around, i get to hear how beautiful i am ALL DAY lolz
Today marks my last week at NavigationArts. Winding down my projects and polishing off "how to" guides. Thankful for 2+ yrs at NavArts!
yep. A question answered by a blog article frm our atty Dan Witte but thanks for your link as well. Cheers!
Sydney b. is open today from 11:00-3:00 pm. Lots of new arrivals to see. Come in and get the kids a Sydney b. balloon.
ahh it's AMAZING!! So are the Philly boutiques. In love!
Tomorrow for the Kentucky Derby.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou wow she crazy
I may be crazy.. but crazy is better then stupid.
Hm... I'm beginning to wonder if I'm an undercover introvert.
It's still not too late to support a young business person today. It's Lemonade Day, so find a lemonade stand and drink up.
“: true story. I am planning on doing some "matchup" wallpapers with both teams though”--that's fair
juicy j came out too and they did their song then he did some 3 6
Are You Ok?
Thrill of the night: #WoodyAllen wins for "Midnight in Paris". Well done!!
yep. He got pissed when rangers offered to pay him his worth. They said peace out and went after Yu
very funny talk at Pecha Kucha last night. Evolution and taxonomy of Big Bird. A loving piss-take of the scientific process.
#NP Sam Is Dead -
Migraine hangover.
“: #shoutout to the doctor from MA that performed adele's throat surgery.”
king kinda look like a monkey
Same here! I'm getting involved with PRSA again, so hopefully I'll see you more at those activities.
“: thank u!! I have a bad toothache. ;(” I feel for ya.... That sux I bet it's like a migraine...<U+E406>
your own girlfriend out runs you.
Singing "Happy Never After" at the top of my lungs!!!!
what up in the club Canuck? It's Mickey!
My #fridayreads is still THE DEVIL IN MUSIC the last Julian Kestrel mystery by Kate Ross. I'm savoring it and making it last.
I'm thinking about joining the Marines just so my personal history will be more interesting after I'm done.
from my experience, they look at those situations as added value. Properties want to monetize, but have no valuation marks.
lol well as far as I know he is since no one says he is in a different state.
Ha! If we ever have a meeting of the minds, remind me to have it at an off-site location ;)
be a man, ur no longer a boy...
": #AllRelationshipsNeed two committed people with the same hopes for the relationship."
Why do customers act surprised when I don't call them back until Monday? "I called you on Sat. why didn't u call me back?"
Go Cats!!
... #SSSS1 i suppose Keith Brown/STEC covers both as a Cache but more as a true storage tier
Is he actually good, or just 7ft? RT : Boris Bojanovsky, a 7-3 center from Slovakia, has announced he is signing with FSU.
#everybodyeats even Pee-Wee Herman
CMS: Gymala expects there to be 100-200 individual sites in the UMW web site network.
Thanks to , & , and the family for an inspiring session today!
definitely, as long as gets me a hoodie at the american apparrel sale
Give voice to your soul-WIN scholarship to transformative writing course by & thru essay contest bit.ly/qsf5ps
DUDE.. about to have a newsroom cleansing.. a purge and cleanse!
I told yo butt to call me I ain't got dad house number
Awe thanks!<U+30C4> Your so sweet!!
Are you really a sailor's wish? Or are you an optical illusion caused by a woman sitting on a rock holding half a fish?
Much appreciated!!!!
A click, a glance, and a few moments of your time. You can spare a few minutes to check out something incredible right?
“Here in Florida, we have something special we never enjoyed at Disneyland...the blessing of size. There's enough land here to hold all the
If you have questions, we'd happily send along references.
Live right on Crown Point overlooking the bay. Can't beat it!
All human power is a compound of time and patience. Honor de Balzac
Sending positive vibes and hugs to , and my beautiful niece Avery. Love you all.
Girl parts are naturally nasty.
Why thank you lovely! :-) RT : u are 2 cute lol RT : I just love the word ratchet..It is hilarious LOL
Great article, thank you for sharing! I signed up for the bibliography from www.jnforensics.com. Incredible resource!
Brii's party tonight. Hell Yeahh, ready to have fun(:
I don't love it at all :)
No news is good news!
Well I'm in little rock right now!! But after my sisters wedding I'll be back out there :)
I like how Freddy is the only guy who calls me during the day :)
#SometimesIGetSickOf Doing People Favors
Jazmine sullivan makes good music!.
I went cold turkey on weed today good luck
I'm not giving up my baby boy for that pot smoking, laundry detergent eating, nerd XD
lmao oh snap
oh. I just wanted to let you know I'm listening bud!
either way we appreciate every brand that submits there line to us. thanks for taking the time
i fell really bad/sad right now will u plz #follow me and make me fell. Better plz :/
Or marijuana use.
Lol ( : Well Happy Be-Lated Birthday !
Can I just say real quick that the tumblr.com homepage is perfect? I love the interaction and functionality, click around and you'll see.
sucks because he's "mad as shit"!! Lol
Gettin work done today, and looking forward to tonight with my BEAUTIFUL wife.. big plans.
I know what u mean!! I love it, but its kinda stressful too!!!
Heyy getting braces today! Who remembers what color vinny's braces were??
not usually a fan of banning things, but i do believe CA should ban foie gras. tortured & force-fed geese =/= "good" food.
Soo im really hungry.....
Yeah it's cool...
I know but my parents wont buy them rught now but i want them AH!!!!
What's your favorite swimming stroke? Butterfly Stroke? Front Crawl? Dog Paddle? Let us know!
Cleaning out my childhood closet. Metric tons of stomach-churning old love poems. Vom.
RT : Singers, Songwriters and MC's come out to The Mad Frog, 1 East McMillan Street, Cincinnati, Oh 45219 tonight and......
"Hot Shot" and "Deep End" mixed by Chuck Alkazian(Elton John, Christina Agualara) are now up!
We are playing a real live show! Salute. Feb. 4th at the ever lovin' Hole in the Wall. We go on at 10 pm so no excuses, fogies.
Perhaps a new advocacy line? I don't think it would be revoked, but we could shine an even brighter light on #Komen,
Hope likes all the pictures , and I left on her phone...hahaha
Omw To Get My Hair Braided
Happy birthday !
No on ....bad connection
Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings.
Theoretical quote from the cheery worker at Metro Market on Valentines Day. "don't buy into the American marketing machine"Guy hates his job
Good F Morning !!! if u know me and u know my place ...u r invited 2 the PARTY !!! ALL WEEKEND !!!!
Create your future from your future not your past. -Werner Erhardt
Had a wonderful Senior dinner with my fabulous student employees! Thank you for all of your hard work!
I come home and find a new puppy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
What. Is. My. Life. Right. Now.
You're a terrible singer, but I love this song<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Eating a #glutenfree cupcake from My life will never be the same.
Hollywood and Wall Street are certain that The Hunger Games can generate as much as $125M domestically this 3-day weekend
Had a good time tonight to think about my faith. It's so complex and beautiful, this life is.
Guess a big hug will do..
him & I..we're so good right now. Things might be actually falling into place!! eep!
Got chinese food for our advisory party at school, then got out of school because they don't want us there. It's been a good day. :)
cool, thanks!
You are obviously borderline retarded. I would suggest a cat-scan and extra medication.
Cerrone is kicking ass
I hope to meeting u soon..... Avril so lets chat more
ironically dropping down to the 'basic' track in #pgmclass has increased my ability to spend time with (and understand) the material
“: Can I Hit it In The Morning ??” yes u can
Down by 11 end of the 3rd
hi I'd like to join in these festivities please and thanks!
facebook sucks dick
Kudos to for calling out pathetic effort in pro bowl
RIP Kim Figa.. <3 u will be so missed.
Its a beautiful day and I'm loving it!!!
Nothing like a home cooked meal for lunch!
I think we may be in the minority as well, but I hope that as we discuss and debate these issues we can create real change.
no fungus!? Dude I'm a vegetarian now and its all about the Mediterranean w a wheat crust
glad you liked it. Let me know if you need more in Bristol, happy to send.
THAT TWEET WASN'T ABOUT NATALIE HOLY SHIT. it was about my friend Jordan chill the hell out with that!
Happy autumn Reshapers! How are you staying motivated this week?
LAX you win again. Thanks
Haha! I have been desperate enough to try to fish out the clots and then choke it down. It would be worse to have it come back up
55% of a decision is made in the first 30 seconds of an interview. Escalante
UX is the most highly sought and paid title in creative now. She was bashing some egos as well as deflating salaries.
Mention that u seen me on twitter for free hello kitty and sanriogifts with purchase!! Sweetreflectionz on eBay!
much more heartbreaking. He wasn't only grieving her death, but also because she was becoming something she never wanted to be :(
Thats just stupidity.Didnt the U.S soldiers think that there would be been repercussions for this? Such training and professionalism.
shadow man all up in my house with
haha I know! I have excellent judgement when it comes to people! You're one of the genuinely nice guys!
peppermint-flavored marshmallows? Yes.
ru n portland.oregon???
Something tells me you're wrong... lol! But if you're feeling down about it eat some ice cream... that's what I always do:)
This Bones is crazy af!.;o
Loved it! RT Should You Let Your Employees Work From Home? lnkd.in/CdBQnN
YES!!! Nice job telling the Truth of our industry Josh.
Yo, they never ask for a Lawyer...smh...
If you've read Jasmine Absolute, please post a review on Amazon or Goodreads.
"Introduce Your Startup" form has a validation error, throwing "Body is too long" while displaying "3 characters left". Thx.
Quick release guy, decent feet. But has some Fabre gunslinger in him. I'd rather see Austin Davis of USM
Honestly would not be as upset if the jacket was just listed as sold-out, but it wasn't. I paid for it and was not contacted.
Can't even get away from Spamming and jamming here on twitter. Someone always wanting to jack ya up ..Get a life !!!!!!!
#CIO Quote of the Day: "What we will be able to offer [the business] is beyond what they can even imagine at the moment."
when she dance I throw her dollas ' ;D
Congrats on getting your own day!! How de we celebrate?
beats go in! top notch spitta over here in OHIO
Can I PRETTY PLEASE still enter my stuff for the scavenger hunt????
Sweet. I think I'll start with He's my fav. You should meet.
I need to stop spending so much money. My yoloing has gotten out of hand lol
woah your soo good lol this is my other account i bearly use it but ya know i think i am gonna start!
Ha! I'm going to get everything done that I've put off due to watching nonstop hockey. Huge laundry pile, here I come!
What are the cross streets for the cam please
- Enjoy their music!
Everybody check ya mail when yu get home ACT score are sending out to ppls crib jus be aware
oh my
I love Charlotte and Mason.
Look sharp! The VP is there today RT I gotta get ready......but I don't wanna ::
haven't heard much about importance/impact of content quality yet... just assumed?
Yep, sure have. Intuition is def a beautiful thing, especially as an entrepreneur and when it comes to working with clients...
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. - Julius Caesar
I like to think so
I was so impressed with the young actors in "Diary of a Worm, a Spider, and a Fly" presented by First Stage. Those kids can sing and act!
Well, it's 4 am. I'm just going to put on some and try to get some sleep. Goodnight!
hey girl! Doing pretty good!!(: how about you?
RT : Awesome show at last night to see ! Come back to SF soon!
RT Recreate your fave scene from "A Christmas Story" for a chance to win a trip to the #pcs_XMAS house! Details at AChristmasStoryScene.com
Thank you very much !!!
anytime boo (;
No. Haha. Not at all. I was actually out eating with Trevor lol
Dont donate to his account: He's not the real Barrett account. Here is the real account
Seriously only BOA would do something THAT stupid & not think twice.
Lowest scoring game in #Florida #lacrosse history. #Gators beat the #Buckeyes 5-4 during the #ALCTourney semifinals. Story to soon come.
Don't be tardy for the wedding!!! :)
has been added to the and show with VHS or Beta tomorrow night at the Basement!
but don't tell that to Melky Cabrera as he goes after No. 6 and pops out off the end of the bat (that or he broke it)...let's go Buster
Be Blessed...God will work it our 4 u!
You better not FUCK THIS UP. IT's my most favorite Cure SONG EVER. Haven't missed ONE TOUR since 1989.
#Scandal something new to aspire to - - a gladiator in a suit!
couldn't say it better myself.
I've never had problems with my card! U should come to the fountain!
but he's still alive <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> nommin on da carrotz
Morning #PMACrew !! Enjoy this beautiful day!!
‘The Hunger Games ’ Book Club – Chapter 7! (VIDEO) Welcome back to Celebuzz ’s 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration. Today we are
The lineup drops next week. No official date, but my guess is Tuesday. Happy Valentine's Day hippies.
I Love You So Much!!!!
Hopefully everyone's #Tebowner is going limp now!
The count down is on! The is only 6 days away! Get your tickets so you don't miss this incredible event!!!!
Stop in for a late breakfast and enjoy our chocolate chip pancakes!
June 10, rocking.
I think about this all the time when news sites ask readers "What do you think?" then show no interest in the answers.
We are beginning webinar on delivering Great Webinars. Thank you Tim Jones & Cindy Clay
“: Now following follow bk” ---- #followedback sexy :)
Today was a good day. 2 of our 4 guys made the national team.
I know! TECH 621 class just helped further my love for everything on the internet. Good luck on your presentation! :)
Lol I would text murphy, and he would text back all randomly nshit wtf hahahahaha.
Home from work. That is all
Waiting 4 my window to be replaced.I hope those guys get convicted when they listen to the Christian CDs they stole after smashing my window
Go for it... SquE-Z me!
I know that but if you try to search it on YT then they might not show it
Woohoo!!! “: BIG snaps to , super-fab RKPR media guru who landed our client on The Doctor's today. You. Go. Girl.”
john - my eyes are bleeding? no ice cream.. i can't believe i just read that (or is it blue bell?) ah.... poor john!
- - the #GLEEprom was so amazing!! So emotional! I don't want to lose my #NewDirections next season! :(
Let us know what you thought of the exhibit!
Discovering the digital humanities helped me feel better. But that's still very "tech" heavy.
I couldn't agree more babe :)
If you're interested in eco-crafting, then visit Pierogi Picnic who will be showing you how to make your own accessories with a green focus.
Going for a walk :)
Transferring at LAX is one of the harder things I've ever done. On a bus dodging planes on the runway now.
We do see neurological involvement more often than not at any stage of Lyme disease.
incredible night last night thank you !!!
No doubt De'Anthony is present AND future for UO; I think his speed, & Barner's, is best displayed on edge, not between tackles
Aww...tehe i knew i'd get something from you before we left forr school, then you came back in&we talked again... #ItsASign !!(;
Good night my dear followers
"Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into #Destiny." - Harry S. Truman #HappyPayItFowardDay!
Good luck! We will be watching at Buck Bradley's!!
I love how people are preparing for graduation right now and they don't know how much it's sucks being in college!!!!
Maybe next year I'll start acting my age
I wanna get wasted with Dasha this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Meeting at Hotel Gansevoort with
do they know how to count....? It was 5 months ago!!!!
(not really, but if I keep telling myself that, maybe I'll start 2 believe it ...) Be good, Babies! Namaste.
All I know is if it's not here by the 15th I'm getting my extra shipping money back...
me: wats the difference between a bucket of shit and you? idiot: uh well it smells? me: no the bucket xD<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
is the man. That's it over and out.
callin him soon. I'm studying right now for a test. I'll be done ASAP then we will blow that shit up
but how does milos go from 1st rnd loss to beat mandy? i mean, he's not exactly a mug on clay. tho apparently, neither is milos.
God loves you
welcome my dude
goodness I hope not.(assume refer to the cereal-like substance, not girls raised in the south. Hope that not issue either)
You're always welcome anytime. Sunday's at 11am. I'd love for you to come.
AWESOME RT Just got off the phone with Cherie Currie "The Runaways"
Congrats to Anita from Arlington for winning a dinner for two from Extra Virgin Modern Italian Restaurant The Village at Shirlington!
whoa, I've been away awhile. "Promoted by" tweets?! Yuck!
I have to stay away from bike stores, Peter Sagan is convincing me that the Cannodale Supersix evo is prettiest bike going.
I love that at Denver airport I get a metal fork and plastic knife. I really think I could do a lot more with a fork than a butter knife
My last is about to go to this subway sandwich, I'm so hungry dude
what?! Where are you moving??
Thinking of you keeps me awake, dreaming of you keeps me asleep, being with you keeps me alive, but most of all loving you keeps me happy
It's weird when a Joy Division song that's your ring tone is playing in a bar.
Hammock time!
How US entrepreneurs r using "MacGyver" style ingenuity for transformational products & services.
I have a FB page called "I like my own status updates" hahaha
true true
“: US Politics vs Reality TV #notsodifferent”
Listenin to the Birthday Cake Remix #jammin.. Feelin good about that Advertising Exam!!
just for that, ima kick jakes ass when i see him. hahah
Well, that's a myth. Seriously. Think about where their mouths are. And, I have to give it up to that guy on the pen comment.
#HappyEaster to all of our followers!
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
snow day :)
Apparently all the cool kids are on twitter. And I can possibly get laid from being on twitter.
Thanks for the link. I appreciate it.
Thanks for the follow; delighted to follow back.
Seconding Toure's emotion.
EB Mass Ave - tractor Trailer stuck under Thomas Circle. Use N St or L St NW (both one way East) as alt routes.
Anti-aging toolkit should include Hyaluronic Acid the plumping space filler the body looses over time that creates wrinkles.
“: I don't know why you mean so much to me.”
Coming soon... Dr Tates' Book Signing Tour. Come 'Meet & Greet' Dr Tates and be the first to pick up his new book. More to come...
#Congress: #Afterschool “provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities. This must continue.”–Udaya
Lmaoooo smdh.. “: #TipsForLadies...sometimes sharing info about your tampon and its changing is too much info... #oomf”
Shopgirls, you're probably not going to make a sale if you tell me, "That dress would look great with a fedora."
has been a great pilot on the way home.. Team work baby!
Car of the future has wings - and 279000 price tag - leapfrog tag
livb/Adonis winningest husng reg ever I think, lol at his analysis on last hand when fish bets river
look it was late and i was tired!
Yesterday was yet another sad day. So close, yet so far...
Michael Fischer's 2 broad overviews in Cultural Anthropology may be nice grounding pieces to set up ethnographies
About to see #thegirlwiththedragontatto with !!
Props to u man...Congrats
Congratulations to our Vice Chair-elect, Eric Neidle! Follow him on twitter (and encourage him to tweet)!
hello. Not much watching t.v you?
my beat bang
How nice of you! :) RT: we have plenty in Chi...and we share
I swear I dnt understand my ex....
lmao don't make me shoot you daw!
Second day working with my Dad- ohh I forgot how he loves his copies and copy machine :-) off to file ;-)
plz follow me for my birthday plzz Alex
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. – Chinese Proverb
I'm never going back To the girl that lacked faith in romance I'm done lets dance Keep it up-take a chance I'm yours I'm all yours
It sucks when it smells really bad but you dont know where the smell is coming from....
let me know when you are playing in or around Nashville again...do some more photos :)
U guys were awesome at skinny's Lounge, I love the album "Not so sleeping, Not so beauty" been listening 2 it all day:)
So went to eat sushi, then went to a mariachi place... Fun stuff that only happens in movies..but happened in real life..fun stuff I tell ya
thanks lady, so glad you enjoyed it!
we can discuss ;-)
A writer can become obsessed with the peripheral rituals of writing--such as sharpening pencils or visiting the Grand Canyon.
Different brain makeups, such as ADHD, bipolar, or autism, are not problems in and of themselves. Work creatively with the brains you meet!
Happy 4th of July from the Campopoly team! We are proud to be an all-american company!
Wtf is this on the tv like? ?
What it do baby? *in my voice*
Perhaps not the most work productive morning, but I did a lot of housework. Flexible hours are lovely as long as I remember time mgmt.
Facebook Finances Leaked: $3.3 Billion In 2011 Revenue & Employees Own 30%
The RWJF Aligning Forces Challenge Phase II live judging session at the AF4Q national meeting is just 1wk away!
the bottle is calling. whoa, you're sinking. fall down, pass out, no you can't feel a thing. and if you start to honey, just keep drinking.
an MSNBC anchorette who's too insecure in her beliefs to let have a live mic on her show RT : What's a Tamaron Hall?
“: Gatorade is so so so much better than cocaine. Fuck drugs except for weed if you consider that a drug”wise words from David
Ha, that's the first response I got on both Facebook and Twitter!
Drown me in
All these dumb ass seniors hatin on a sophomore. Team Bailey all the way. I don't even care what you think.
For Helsinki? No clue, but you could try reaching out to Rasmus Molander (HBS '10)
My windshield wipers and my mascara have both stopped working this week. Is someone trying to tell me something?
CES2012 was amazing with Lifestyle Connect™ being honored with three innovations awards. I can't tell you how proud I am of the team!
wishing everyone a wonderful and hopefully sunny San Diego weekend!
In final contemplation stage: paper on unintentional archives of cultural production on corporate content-sharing platforms.
"When in doubt, choose change." -
So Davey Jones of the Monkees died?
Mind in one place, heart in another ..
Who is following the game? Whats happening?
I get to be fat today two people got me breakfast and made cupcakes and another friend got me red velvet ^.^
Time to go hard in school this week. Forreal forreal.
The $200 ounce special is back on Chemdawg #4!
Follow back me please? :D <3 <3
Best Albums Of 2008: An Answer To Your Call For More Britney Spears
Some interesting ass shit! Thanks for the follow!
A thought - I would trust a man with a lower skill level but higher integrity rather than one with a high skill level and low integrity.
You know your I'll when you watch the jeremy Kyle show..
we have bigger goals ahead :) the chiefs are just a speedbump and our tire was flat
If your not a real fan you might as well say
Train is...just awful.
come get some!!
Thanks to Jessah Foulk in Senator Herb Kohl's office for her (and the senator's) years of support for !
How big is your ****? Really? Why would you ASK someone that? If you weren't even together? Skeeze.
you need to listen to #PIL2 before you judge it off of album sells because its a classic. these days you have to beef to sell well
Commitment to objectives is a function of the rewards associated with their achievement ~ Douglas McGregor
Fred Meyer cleans up Greenwood store parking lot after complaints of trash, transients. Two full-time guards patrolling....
I was DC for the neighborhood team in 3rd grade (which always lost). Think I could get the gig?
I kinda rather for the Heat to face OKC in the finals not LAL, cause we Lack size/cant guard Andrew Bynum AND Pau Gasol. Two 7-Footers.
Just slapped the sh*t out of
Reading an article on #Buddhism...interesting stuff!
thrashers vs preadotors- we must win, regualr season for NHL starts next week, we gotta step up
I know, it killed me that i couldn't go! It was AMAZING. Better than i imagined. I wish i could of stayed for more than a day
How many weeks left in the quarter?
Phenom job on this season of TUF!! You rock! Camera angles and editing, 2 thumbs way up! One question: Why no clothing sponsors?
Don't be jealous :) How was SA?
yeah gotta come up with something origional
"If you want to view paradise, simply look around a view it. Anything you want to, do it. Want to change the world, there's nothing to it."
Thanks for the RT!
Can't believe how great it is out here! It's so amazing to see all the sights
I want to move to Australia right now to have summer agian
Look forward to glancing your way on your upcoming visit to KY on the 18th. #NoelJustBringsIt!!
So bored
we are playing tonight at , 10pm. cheap drinks !
seems that this would have to happen before any chance of curricula being changed
not tonight!! :)
Cheers for a rapist: Ched Evans fans planning grotesque show of support as ... - Daily Mail
i really wanna popsicle...even if its kinda cold outside...
Today in 1864: Lincoln takes a photograph that will ultimately be put on the $5 bill (via )
. re-emphasizes the importance of attending to the diachronic dimensions of models—e.g. classification systems
every time i turn on the t.v i see this shit
Tadeusz Borowski's "This Way for the Gas Ladies and Gentlemen" book of short stories:jarring,absurd beauty,powerful.
It' National Kissing Day. KISS AWAY! Oh, wait...I'm single!
#GagaCollabWithBritney Yes. Please.
NSN comes out this Friday!! are you excited?? I kno I am!
and snowboard packed! Ready to head up to Michigan!
Gotta go :/ shoutout to ! I missed talking to her!
Missing MO42. Blown save by Robertson
If only they'd made the movie before the Spice Girls kicked you out of the band...
Happy Birthday!! luv u so much!!! ur my inspiration my luv!!!...=D <3
What are your JRs focused on: scouts, agents, parents, draft.. Or their teammates?!! We'll start to know on Feb 18th!
Y'ALL GET BACK NOW! ticket for big freedia/katey red PROCURED!
Bout to stroll around a lake, then take the wifie shopping for her birthday
Yes I hope so too. It's not enough money to worry about but I thought your staff should be aware
if you talk about somebody thats suppose to be your friend when they walk away then your not a real friend !
I agree with Conor- keep engaging and good things will happen. Just stay your active self!
YES. I will text you.
Bum cheeks lol.
Cruising down sunset blasting Guts by . Song makes you drive with the windows down. Blasting guts lmao
Getting ready for my trip to Denver, hopefully this goes as planned!
We're hip!
Sweet almost there. What's the deal with that place? I'd be fine staying at a dump downtown. CC might not want us there?
Seriously in love with #TheArtist. Is that vain of me? Just some of my favorite writing I've ever done! <3
$10 off a web flyer design for a Black Wednesday event if you mention this post. (Expires 11/15/11).
killing it with reissues...great job on the Louvin Bros & Mercury Rev lps! Love em both!!
Want to make extra money? Free to Join W.tshirtgang.com and you have an instant partner in the t-shirt industry.Your ideas our machines
no... But I wish I was
Could Browns actually get David DeCastro? that would definitely bolster the line
listening to describe the importance of a personal mission.
“: How many people can say they watch worldstarhiphop with they coach?? THIS GUY #swag #yolo #UDbonding”
The G.O.O.D Music label has not signed us yet F.Y.I.
You are welcome. It is a great list!
and ill walk anywhere around Philly or camden for that matter. only place more messed up than bmore is dc.
walking barefoot thought it was a weed stuck b/n my toes.
If you don't like listening to them get the fuck off lau 2.
sittin here with listening t the boys and Alex Gaskarth
If you can't make this Thursday's RefreshDC event, email us at so we can open up some spots for wait listers. Thanks!
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
am i allowed to buy a car in the UK and get it shipped to the US just so i can have my wheel on the right side?
Shows like today's make me pray for "Name that Fattie" or "Bret Olivario's WOB". Skins talk= trifling
RT : If there's a marker around, I'm smelling it. -->& I believe, those that don't really r a complete disgrace<----
Well, then our American-ness has served a noble purpose; yea!
Ima start a riot ima start a riot....
Good idea! ;)
I'm a bit ashamed of saying this but Bridesmaids was great (for a rom-com). It's like a female version of "The Hangover".
Love the #teamnickasaur family:)
Can i interest you in some Wang?
Thanks for the #FollowFriday!
The stuff post 1980 is only accessible via car and off a toll road. Enjoy!
yesterday slipped from me and completely spaced on calling you back! I'll give you a ring later today. :)
It was great to see you there Harmony! Congratulations again!
At RIC w/ DOE, President Carriuolo & #RI Gov Chaffee at White House Community Action Summit for Init on Ed Excellence for Hispanics this am!
": What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while. #life #motivation #quotes" she posts the most real shit
Ah, I'm so bored!
he might not stop if you do that. hm. bikini pics of a much older, fatter man, perhaps, with hot pink lipstick
Nice shot Trishe!
Watching New Moon...and this 3 year old is watchin...but he won't stop askin question after question -.-
haha. It's 1:43 here. & I get up at 5:30. lol, I might try to sleep in social studies (;
Listened to Audra McDonald's "Way Back to Paradise" CD today; still electrifying. The songs are superb, and Audra is amazing.
Wow would i be mad if i was a Giants fan
When planning a campus visit, remember classes for the Spring semester begin January 17th. We always offer self-guided tour maps/passes!
are we still going to Madagascar when it comes out?!
that'd be a resounding YES!
Happy New Year Everyone! Be real when making those New Year Resolutions. www.fastboomerfitness.com
congrats mike!
I need them to come in July or August haha I'll be in Europe for the majority of June! :)
Known as the Scum for short RT : Oh my god, yes. RT : I've often thought there should be a gay soccer bar called Man United.
Beauty is but skin deep.
WaikaloaMarriott30: Golden lights reflecting enchanted sea and sky
#bookfest Today I'm on a noontime panel with Tom Bissell, David Truer, and This could be epic!
be careful they might be zombies coughing up lung bits
it was unexpected ! I saw him and i was like hey that guy looks like ricardo and i was like wait it is!
RT I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting..
If we drink more PBR, the Yanks will respond
TRUTH. Clearly not cynical enough for the grassroots team. (both he and !)
Bend but don't break....
"I make my bed about once every Kardashian marriage." lmaooooo
Im the first one, fuck you -_-
Congrats to all those done with finals and hang in there if your still taking....:)
I just dnt wna get hurt again...
"Cuttin down" HOT New slang vocab word for BAltimore. Coined by Jesse Hanlon. Means. Trimming down the array of friends to one. Meaning girl
Home sick. still marathoning Supernatural on Netflix
My day couldn't have been any better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Mikey, my No. 1 follower for everything Ravens and Flyers..way to go brother!
I've avoided all reviews until I write my own, which is almost done (and also to stay spoiler free).
our show at on saturday has sold out as of last night. very limited availability at the door. hope ya'll got tix.
Prevention is better than cure. Desiderius Erasmus
Oy! New fun FF: for all you at
If you use the ramp from southbound Meridian Street to eastbound I-70, Make alternate plans. It will be closed Monday-Friday
spent hours last night looking for my library books in Cambridge. Finally found when I sat on couch with feet up, bourbon in hand
Random bar tour with moustaches
And by his wounds we are healed." Isaiah 53:5
Even if your a Grenade! RT Outta the entire Jersey Shore Cast, is pretty much the only one that retweets his fans.
RT : Ohio State was ranked 4th in social media savvy by Student Advisor. Kudos to our ahead-of-the-curve communicators....
How old is he? My parents' dogs both dealt with seizures later in life.
but even if there was a flood, the fossils date over millions of years
Well shoot. I hope to meet you someday.
Each small but negative decision seems harmless at the time, but before you know it the droplets have collected and turned into an ocean.
It is way too easy to shop here because the clerks are so darn nice.
Spinning for a beautiful packed house along with Adam Foster at Haven lounge...
consistantly not with a head in this game!
Less than 24hrs away from taping of Ep3 in with guest and more! FREE TKTS
We've partied through our NYE bangovers and we're set to hit the studi-udio tomorrow. Debut LP coming your way, spring 2012. Get you some.
Just read a review of Revenge and I think I should be watching it. - they say it's very Dynasty/Dallas-like.
that's my Eastside alias. A mixture of Gyro king and MKE's George Clooney
I'm tired of being in sandy springs.. I need a break.
Listens - Need Valentine drivers now($8/ea) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Great 1st rehearsal for The Vagina Monologues - feeling super inspired!!!
Great game tonight. Hope your Steelers dominate another NY team Sunday!
The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~Henry Ward Beecher
ugh, i want my lip pierced so bad.
“: I can't do it. tells it how it is.” bull... When was the last time he was right about anything??
Jessica Simson is so huge she looks like she has 5 kids in there, not just one. Holy cow!
and I seen that coming.!
Whoa, 60 minute phone call to Germany is a bit pricey. If the kids are talking it is Skype only from here on out!
I will get my tweet one day, I have faith in him.
Cubby!! Hope you're great bro.
thanks so much!!! :)
that should have said fam not fan stupid auto correct. Or just let love find you. When you stop looking it falls in your lap.
We had an awesome time playin for Kappa Sigma bid day party in Macon, GA. Thanks for coming out!
One of my all-time favorite books ... and words.
Hey #Laker fans, what is up with all the Tetris music during the game at Staples?
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
i think accusations of child abuse are serious& if valid, very concerning.Sallie Clark is Dedicated, accessible, has my vote
about to pass out please pick me
please show Jericho who's really best in the world!
Found an article that has helped me cope with the Mass Effect endings. Took away some of the bitter aftertaste
don't forget, she was also Stands with a Fist in Dances w. Wolves
In a great social media breakout at #NSF2012 and just got the best idea for teams and helping build online hub presence..
Start with the end in mind - what do you want students to learn.
I want a big house were we both can live
I Guess it was u miss understandin!!:}?_ luks at u and smiles^
Trying to remember if John Travolta ever touched me inappropriately
And for the record, it's a concept mix based entirely upon "connections" between the records (samples, word association, pairings, etc).
Learning how helps to shift values through communication & Entertainment Education in developing communities
Yea ima go see him today RT Is mamma or someone already going to visit Jay-Jay ?
:D It's one of my favorites too!!
Here we go again. Smoke shop owners say the state ban on synthetic marijuana, er "potpourri" is illegal and unconstitutional. Talkin 2 1 now
RT : Playoff baseball! tourney game tomorrow. Sounds like a great time for the #tweagles to stay hot!
I call good clean fun when I hear my cat using the litter box and then 1 second later she jumps on my desk and litter falls out of her toes!
I find myself in the unsavory position of wanting a Philly team to win.
People disgust me
Watching 90's Nickelodeon shows all night :)
You are where you are today because of what you did in the past. Tomorrow the past is today. #goals SeanLetwat
doubt I was invited before!
Talking to my sister in Tagalog on Twitter. I am trilingual.
it's white panda...Hulk Hogan choked one out in China for my birthday. it's reversible
Listen you bitchez its called the "quiet lounge" for a reason
wouldn't mind seeing some handsome man named Duda go yard today!
Good morning (:
#orlandochilicookoff today! gorgeous, perfect weather in orlando right now. happy weekend everyone! XOXO
A3: Leadership is a performance. You have to be conscious about your behavior, because everyone else is. Carly Fiorina
sorry i meant :-/ it's just lk any other case., media will start2 report whn there's traction n the case nthing to report now
No problem. I'm certainly not one to begrudge fucking. ;-)
Don't make fun of Pat : Popeye could have done much better than Olive Oyl.
Douglass Gibran I [Director, Writer, & Producer]*
I want to slap you so hard across the face! Just to hope that you'd wake up and realize what you're words actually do to me! <//////3
its a first time in a while Missouri has done something good in sports!;)
Can a meat free diet be a healthy one?
The ones that are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do.
#JuniorSeau is the 9th member of 94 #Chargers SB squad to have passed away.
i cant wait to see you LOSE
Need a connect to David Mann(mr. Brown) my sis would love to meet him
New York is booked! See you next Thursday!
No help bro -.-
Mother, Momma, Mommy, Mama, Grandma, Granny, Grandmother, Sitty, Nannie...no matter what she is called, we will rise up and call her blessed
Calling all Linux experts: we need someone in Chicago for a paid consulting gig over at Know anyone?
airplanes don't give guys orgasms, mouths do
Today in jazz: 1923 Pianist Ellis Larkins born in Baltimore, MD.
Thanks bro! Yours too!
and I'm so disgusted by the service of your company. working with you was a nightmare.
There is a police car out in front of my house, sort of between my house and the next door neighbor. Creeps me out.
When the 'Mats "Alex Chilton" comes on , I have no alternative but to turn up the volume.
I would learn to play some softball for her tho ;) <33
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful person that's taken care of me and has always been there when I needed her! <U+E328>
Vitello's Jazz Club Hosts Jazz Relief for Japan/Concerts & Fundraiser Event with Support from Local Jazz Community
So sick
RT : Congratulations to ... on his nomination to serve as an FCC Commissioner.
meh, I thought I'd pass on this game
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Finding My Way- Rush
yes! got an A on my speech(:
Huzzah! My baby loves me!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw Nathan Smart <3
Peoples trainrecks they post on here are fun to read sometimes..
I love my gym :) just got free qdoba
Football season. I get it. Keep buying me chapstick and teaching me drinking wine with straw methods and we're cool.
Chatted with Seven Lakes point guard Trey Pinkney after game. Good interview. He said turnovers killed them and felt they should have won.
Extended market hours this week Saturday September 18th 10 am - 2 pm.
we are in carmel valley! How long are you in SF?
Have you seen the mural by Fuzzy Popcycle? If not, then head over to our Beachside Cafe booth to check it out!
go for your new movie
When choosing an exchange organization, ask if they conduct fingerprint background checks. If not, find another company.
: if you were nicer to an employee who quit, they would have quit anyway. Quitter is a quitter. Let em quit cause u pushed em.
Went to a Michelle Bachman Capitol hill intern BBQ today. She doesn't seem like a real thing, even from one foot away
I love my life, and all the people in it
Help me with my Followers :D
LOL u really been on some different shit this month im dieing
Personally talked to Homeland Security Director Jimmy Gianato, asking him to do everything possible for people in Mercer & Wayne Counties.
! hour speech over a friken remote
oh, and those people who don't have jobs.
So glad I grew my bangs out
Finally saw #Hugo last night. I liked the film better when it was about cooking and titled Ratatouille.
“: Isn't it weird how the people who hate us most can't stop talking about us?”
What's up for 2012?
Just trashed Hugo in Bibliocommons. I HAVE NO FEAR!
Get her then !
Dear geniuses, please create and market Star Trek's replicators so that I can have cupcakes whenever I want. [signed] Ivanna Treat
Always a pleasure to spend a hot minute with
Email is changing. If you can't make your email accessible for mobile, your losing out on a potential 22% increase in viewers.
Unexpected all-day emergency UAT will make the weekend's arrival that much sweeter.
if u havent had SEE"S CANDY from california u must must try it makes Godiva's look like a beginner lol marvelous candy loves it 1800 SEE's..
Ice strapped to head!
'call me Hellen Keller, because I'm a fucking miracle worker'
your soo lucky i want it to rain in florida soo bad because i want to go mudding but it want rain :'(
DEAR GOD
Yeas, ma'am.
The icebreaker Nasha Rasha is the location for intimate dinner, a professional business lunch or after work drinks.
RT : Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
no if, you will. you kno ur shit + study youre going to pass. Youre good. Great things happen 2great ppl bro!
It's official, Ron Saint Germain has begun the 7 Blue mixing process ( he's mixing our new tracks right now!)
people follow me please anybody
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Just finished the first section in The Vixen Manual. So far I am impressed, but my expectations weren't that high from the start.
Set your cell 2 receive our updates 4 Lunch, Dinner & Drink specials! Exciting events like our Bad Behavior & Hot Body Contest on Oct 22, 09
As a realtor, I strongly believe in protecting my clients rights by consistantly seeking to achieve a high level of competence.
Why all the love for Tiger? Wasn't he vilified for his choices just a few short months ago
Gm tweets $alute! The best way to predict your future is to create it.No one is "SelfMade" everyone had a parachute packed for them in life.
You fit me better than my favorite sweater.
#rbms09 I myself already am confused with the two options suggested for RBMS. Sheesh.
Thanks for the freish taper got me times square stylin
Ok audition today at Theatre Emory. Fumbled lines. Now at the Alliance to break down set in the Black Box.
how many points for B. Hatton?
so You're saying your Communist?
THAT JAMAICA safe or not??
If the war on terror is over, why do we have soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Press Release
omg I looked like death so I went home wish I coulda saw my boyy :(
Lots to do today but I wanna hang out with my boo!
how do you do that?? Lol
yes and so does the entire world. They do not seem to be moved
If it werent for football idea take my happy ass to the ridge! #Realtalk gotta love lasalle doe
no problem
How about a #P90X workout? I usually like to do the plyometrics or yoga workout on the weekends.
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic is today. Looking forward to a great day! Best Wishes to All!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 49
I feel so #ForeverAlone today..!! XD
RT : At #nfoic summit social media called "the great equalizer" in fight 4 #opengov #fb & #twitter lead the way
wow! Lucky, I love that place!!:)
Once I don't have a cold and the weather actually gets nice I want to just take a walk in the park
Summer grounding?RT Do I disown my kids if they like the #bears?
or only responsive by tweet lol
wild peals of laughter shattering the silence of the office. Not mine, this time
MT : Listening to #NPR talk on interracial marriage. In 1990 only 48% of ppl thought it was acceptable, today 83% <
ALERT! Today we will be closed from 2-5pm for a private event. Good thing we reopen just in time for happy hour! :::clink!:::
Felt like in class today with all the dancing before the teacher walks in hah
ONE MORE DAY! Online Registration is still open til the end of today. Please purchase ur tickets ASAP! At-the-Door prices will go up.
you won't break her heart?
Getting carpal tunnel from magic piano.
Pelosi, Hoyer off to WH for debt commission meeting
I'm mixing a song for a Paul McCartney project tomorrow! No, he isn't singing it, but he wrote it and I'm excited anyway! E!
Hey are you gonna get a new P.O box!!?? (:
Have this hunch that the #Nets are going to steal one tonight against the #Knicks. Nets have fooled me before though.
Also, I am predicting that in 3 years time Swansea will be making runs into Europa League.
Thank you, Paul! Happy New Year to you, too! :)
I used to have self esteem But then I ate that too
"Don't forget to bring It" "I won't" "So did you bring it?" ..."Shit"
How is your Saturday so far? What healthy foods have you eaten today?
Should be out around the beginning of Dec.
yes so always think before you react a world from the wise
and the answer is—definitely not!
they probably don't fail you as bad as they failed her.
:Thanks for following me on Twitter:)
Turns out the #bellabike is the ideal NYC transportation unit. Especially living close to the #centralpark loop.
PARTY TONIGHT AT THE BENFORD
i ate a little bit but i have to watch it.
So glad we have tix 4 "Jesus Christ Superstar" in Nov. ! I Just found out it'll be on Broadway w/previews Mar, '12!
for real tho bre..seein all these tweets ppl hatin on #420. If u dont smoke then it shldnt bother u what day it is..damn STFU
Ok I got u
“I want my world to be fun. No parents, no rules, no nothing. Like, no one can stop me. No one can stop me.” -
Don't agree w claims re "I'm an expert" at e-learning. Although I've used online tools for 25 yrs, it's still in its infancy. Lots new.
& Sorry I missed u guys this afternoon!
What is fat, ginger and pregnant? Nothing..
my life has been very un-gnarly lately. Sometimes I wish you would change it.
call me when you get a chance.
Happy to see you here too, and thanks for the re-following.
This is the last time im missing a game and track practice
RT : ...One day closer to deliciously cheap drinks on a masterful pubcrawl! -Cant wait
i chose to get annoying too.<3
Just wrote a song about Civil War history thinly disguised as a song about prohibition: "The Night the Still Caught Fire."
Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania. Only 12 more hrs to go -_-
I'm watching season 1 via Roku. I almost forgot how much I LOVE this show.
how sweet....that's wats up;)
are you at the state championship game?
How awkward would it be to be actually seated next to the audience cam at the Jay-Z SXSW #LeaveMeAloneAudienceCAM!
batman is "big boned." No, really. Heh!
Rondo is in beast mode tonight. Triple double...
I'd like to get funky with someone's mama
This generation is FUCKED UP
My STD result card looks like a well used passport, that's good right?
Zito makes his third start today. How many good starts will it take for #SFGiants fans to take the $126M monkey off his back?
Guess I'll try to figure it out tomorrow. Dont forget to peep out our site! Post your Jobs for Free!!! Its easy. www.workforbooks.com
And can we get this 2nd game started already? Please...
RT : I really wanna go to Unifest!
Im asking do u want sum cookies 2
Is the tights as pants fashion trend linked to poverty. At unemployment office and its headquarters for this.
are you guys in?
Wings in 7
how do you get tickets to tomorrow's show?? Just found out about it and want to go
If you want to know where we might be. #Followus here. Look for #Hawaiian #Poke Bowl to pop in a town near you! Tomorrow morning DT
Punk & the godfather by playing #strangetimes can't complain too much
and Britney Spears!
Life is very short !!
do u still need one?
Tonight featuring a pumpkin spice martini! happy hour prices all day at the bar and for our halloween party
Gridlocked from west village to soho. Uggh theres like 4 movies being shot!
named "Star of the Year" for most 3 Stars of the Game at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Should we start a campaign to name Jennifer Doll (someone who truly knows the Red Sox) as replacement for Heidi Watney?
oh wow! That was fast lol! Did you follow back dude?
i care about you!
Debra Martin Chase is the BOMB! Just heard her speak, about her story and the Entertainment business. Wow! Very inspiring!!
FC Dallas can suck it. Roll around on the ground more, will ya? Nevermind, not sure it's possible.
i'll never have kids because i would slowly go insane watching them get addicted to expertly marketing corporate bullshit.
We open for happy hour at 5pm! Plenty of cheap bites + $4.50 wells & sangria, $3 beers. See you soon!
You may also want to check out www.ourkidsASD.com for a wide selection of vitamins and supplements for Autism.
The words Tommy Johns scares me for
Met the daughter of Gertrude Perkins, who was raped by 2 white police officers in 1949 in Montgomery, AL. She is trying to get state apology
follow me? <3
Does Joakim throw his scrunchie into the crowd after a game? Go #Cavs!
thats a bunch of crap
"...laughter to cheer you, those you love near you, and all your heart might desire." (Irish Blessing) Happy St Patrick's Day!
Family reunion in #Atlanta I wanna go ,but my mama doesn't really wanna go
HACKED! Thank u all for alerting me!! Tweet Police are on the job! Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
and what would that be
"Say what you mean, and mean what you say!"
My daughter pointed out that the "W" on the Washington Nationals baseball caps is the same "W" for Walgreens. I think she's right.
Street puppeteer. Cool retirement plans. Yeah right. I'll be working forever.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Thats cool, thanks...what makes a Dean Fields night?
you may be blocking the people you #Really need to see!!! IJS
Figures it was Boedker he killed the Hawks
Didn't think it was possible, but my Mini ran out of gas on my way home today #I'msuchanidiot
Ima hustla why I gotta steal from u
especially when children are involved.
Can't get enough of - talented MC and producer (and he's younger than me?!), can't wait for a full length album - u2
it's gonna b a good show me and the wife will b there
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style. Totally happening right now
We've been on #revideo since 06' when mindset was post everywhere (Veoh, metacafe, viddler, etc.) Ask how that went :)
argentina is gonna be an amazing crowd!!
Finally a day without it being so damn hot. Enjoying this fresh air and thinking on my next move
good morning Chica!
Congrats on the Fox deal Dana, well deserved!
You can't let anyone define or dictate your happiness. Peace and happiness are found within.
Just got ice cream on my shirt
Last night I "found" an old favorite on the bookshelf to read to my 2yo: Each Pear Pear Plum -- he loved it!
Only 552,000 people take seriously on a daily basis.
#PeopleNeedToStop telling other people what to stop doing!
oh hello. guys?
This week I used a gun, sang for judges, got fake beat up and played soccer & basketball - all at auditions. Yay! What's next? Bring it on.
hi Bryan did you make it -30 pds?
yessir. I promise when I do we gone link up. My bad about last time
Dear migraine, 24 hours is quite enough. Please go away now. Sincerely, Jenn
I do hate proprietary chargers so I'll pass. If its not chargeable by micro USB I don't want it, unless it's an iThing!
Drinking a 2005 Katogi Xinomavro, there's a reason gave it 91 points! So delicious! So layered and complex.
RT : So true RT : Sometimes a woman smiles because she's tired of crying
thats a joke right?
you have no message to spread.
very cool. Thanks for the heads up.
ok good but when do ya get back?
Don't be draq, just be a queen, Don't be draq, just be a queen, Don't be a draq, just be a queen, Don't be--- Baby I was Born this WAY.
Cabaret night!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Your tweets made me giggle. And I don't giggle. Nice going.
RT : Hey guys!..be sure to check out and their website. really cool idea!
Guess what? Malone's is going to be on on Monday at 9 a.m. Make sure you tune in!
I still shelve books from time to time. Weed as you go, bro. That's how collection dev. happens. <3
i love you please foloow me, i would be the happiest girl ojjn earth, i love all of your songs!
whats the new video called :]
Had a bob fire at some friends house. Was fun. Great night for it
My 8 year old sister wants a perm....
>>today; ...forgot where I was going with this multi-part tweet.
You are absolutely adorable.
:D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH! its on my neck
Thanks for that ... got me grinning!
Kansas city , mo on katt williams movie cuh
no question in my mind. Get the jeep!!
A big welcome to our new followers! Feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding your hair extensions! xox
Just about to fall asleep then I realized there's a lot going on for the next few weeks
Time to lace up against a team that despises us.
check it out
Happening with BATTLESHIP and PROMETHEUS too. Don't care so much about BATTLESHIP. I do care about PROMETHEUS though.
whats the plans
Wow. Really??? That was a got'em lol.
Hahaha that was you almost got trucked by that 18 wheeler thank god for another day
Wow nice! Angela, get off the counter!! ha
#RonPaul tried to put out the fire but you tried to throw him in... go ahead and rage.
My bad day was getting better but now it's torn down again. You guys are in my thoughts and hopes. <3
Did someone say Nutella Mocha?
Why am I back in Roseville?
My next boo imma spoil <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
In your lifetime you have accomplished so many wonderful things. Today's Text You "I am a GREAT SUCCESS!"
no, that's not what I meant, but that was the meaning behind Alamo Heights chant!!
Benefits to #exchange: different perspective, #personalgrowth, widening boundaries, new connections, cultural awareness, spreading info
I am excited to lead a training today on how to find value in LinkedIn and make it work for you!
I was so excited to see you!
Oh no! I had no idea. The picture had no context; it just showed up on the IMDB homepage.
time to start preparing apartment + appetizers for NYE. First stop, EAST VILLAGE CHEESE
should we use the "old" dates or new dates to determine the sign of people born after the realignment?
Just pulled out my keys to open the badge reading door at work. Gonna be a long day, bud!
I am cute
I got so tired of trying to get to the meat over the years that I came up with this system. Genius lol
Sorry to say. You can have the best product on the internet, but if you install a toolbar with it, I inherently loathe it.
totally in.
Want to go to Holiday World? Sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com before Julyy 31 an enter to win tickets!!!
Good luck to Will Middlebrooks. We could be seeing the future 3rd baseman for the Sox. Go Sox
Will there be a cross publisher Metric sharing? #sparc_binfield Ans: yes fully expect to create/advocate standards and get others on board
Damn, I've changed a lot.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Handy man for a day.
Wednesday guys. Woo. Half way there.
Just found out my cat has Cancer.. :'(
we need to get more female leaders so that we change the game & make corporate communications what WE want.
lol well you didn't tell her no sitting on shelves
how awesome we're they?
What's up? Guys :D (retweet) ---->Twitter (Like)-----> Facebook Please!
Are u still looking for jobs? follow my job posing list
How Very True! RT "Healing is ongoing even if you've stopped hurting."~Visa D. Klline
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. - Mark Twain
thx for the follow! Have a great day!
Thank You ! <3
at home surfin' the Internets after dinner out
Does the fact that I enjoy more classic music than before mean that Im getting old? Back in the days, I felt like this but with The Boys!
tonight hip house playing at pink elephant nyc. my name at the door;)
--adam, can you email me. have a quick question.
So I'm gonna go to your concert, but I can't meet you.. :( You should walk around the city the next day...(:
Additional 40% off clearance at ! So much cute!
Watching jersey shore
#PresidentObama announced he supports same-sex marriage now he says "all American's should be treated equally..."
sent u a dm
QPR 2 Arsenal 1 - Wow. On any given day. This is a beautiful game.
(uhh-ohh another number 15..you're the one w/ the JB pic) #15:You seem extremely nice... & you're an awesome Belieber! Tweet me sometime :D
FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!!
#sheknowsus “: I'm trying to see how far I can get in life without ever taking responsibility for any big decisions.”
I don't like being suspended, I miss school:(
Just waiting for the haters to actually present some evidence.
"Eating these shockers tonight, keeping me up until the sunrise." ooh that should be the SHOCKERS CANDY SAYING!!! OOH AHH
Great meeting of the minds with
Child please. I've never been the type to just do the norm or expected, I'm all about originality, unexpected joy & inspiration.
Q. What is a rule of thumb you always follow when pairing #food and #wine?
omg forgive me I'm late happy mothers day beautiful wish you and your loved ones all the best
At the embassy of #Haïti In Washington we just set up our new twitter account
There are always people ready to underestimate you, denigrate you and put you down. Don't ever do it to yourself.
no me and his grandfather are driving the UHaul with all of our stuff. Austin and his mom are flying
u in NC tho... on the bus RT : I just did playaaaa RT : I hope someone puts rat poison in next blunt..
i can not wait til the 25th this is a dream coming true:)!
new electro and bmore coming soon under Mr. Sir vs. Talk is Cheap alias...
if she wins, I'm done with this show.
Function first!
- Keep up the great work, Chris!
I saw it las nite I dug it.
so when do you let them know you had the blaster with the broken scorer?
That's right, Brent! RT : Got a note in my mailbox from my guys ...follow if you can...great deals in your area
I seriously love this emoji... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol it cracks me up every time.
You are the light, to my soul. <3
It's good stuff--this sammich is delicious, and their coffee is tasty too.
Sixers have been clutch at the line. Nice.
This is a good old-fashioned mollywhop
We r always looking 4 hot beats 4 our artists. A hot rapper on a fresh beat is gr8 for evey1 involved.Exposure is the key!
You Back BlackShadeMafia
“: #CoreFusion #Atlanta today! I see you are teaching?!?”. Yes #Barre and #Cardio!! Come see me?!?!
hell no, far worse, he caters to the excuse seeking-blame others for their problems crowd, inspiring poor character and mediocrity.
Hollander, of course ;)
Keys made. Car keys cut and program.
my teacher gave me till 4pm to email it to him so yeah i will have no social life at lunch
20 hours...you have to be GOING NUCKING FUTS right now!
I'd ask for your number and introduce you to my mom.
I know. I was really happu! It will appen to you soon!!
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Yay! RT : Just wanted to know I had some ppl over this morning, they got all excited about CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF.
Ciao bella*
well I assumed u were gonna be....cuz u asked if I was workin sat or sun..
Are you going to make it out in time? If not, let me know and we'll run a repeat.
I heard Austin gives great hugs. I want to experience one. I'd wear clothes made of super glue so he couldn't get me off though!(;
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Today was a god day. :)
u the same, let the family know i said hi, hope to see u all soon
Me thinks and r the best road trip co-pilots i've ever had.
.....y is it retarted
I understand. I'd love your feedback when you do! Thanks!
I was wondering how SAA would respond to doing this, b/c of hotel room quotas.
cold in Chicago???
- wear 'em down with your enthusiasm - who, you? never! ...I'm glad that you do. :-)
Re-reading Chasing Cezanne by Peter Mayle for the 6th time.
: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
thanks for coming out last night. It was good to see you.
Chicken Dinner Road is trending. ? That would be located right next to Mashed Potatoes Dr. right?
Been away 4m postn updates, been so busy. now showtimes are over at least till Sat time to wrap up the video for "All I wanna do" & relax
Dumbest premise for a show ever. I also don't know why his voice changes to Bob Saget's when he gets older. I do watch it.
I walk around saying cake, cake, cake..... Haha
you are so beutiful!!:)
Adding screen print designs to pre-made t-shrits does not automatically make you a "fashion designer."
Facebook, apparently
Now it's over :( RT : okay I'll turn the tv back on!
their choice... fee would require overturning people's ord, which requires public vote...
Arrived Morgantown for WV Leadership Conference ... ready for kick-off ... er, to conference dat is, not football...
reply to text messages homofuck
right, right. Thank you. What about theories along the trajectory of context sensitivity that MacKay proposed?
Let's do this!
im doing kayy, and you??
take me with you!!!
I am so stressed -_-
happens all the time. Recommender algorithm?
(something witty but poignant... perhaps a pun or aphorism).
Being nice sucks....it gets you ignored and taken advantage of
Good Luck Tonight At Magic City Casino With the
I'm gonna be nice :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/27/12 is Sally, Ian and Dan!
why would you sit your best player??
Fueling ideas that shape the marketplace
tonight from 12 to 3! Going to be a good one
dang next time. I want to try piano blue. Is that in MKE?
Genuine love and nothing less.
move your ass to Bmore, bitch.
No Kyrie for a week, at least.
The sound is out on your live feed.
M nutella. O how I've missed you
Absolutely, send me dates!
Some iconiacz are bitches, not gonna lie
Lol, Funny Hahaa, Nurse, What hospital do You supposdly work in?. XD
well I find my self in NYC often--back there on Monday for an interview and moving there the beginning of the year. Come visit!
#cody right now; what's your favorite song? (:
“: No Cherry Wheat. Could be a Guinness day. RT : there at least Cherry Wheat?” Sounds like a plan to me.
Getting Willow glued back up at the vet. :\
Haha. That's the
Dying hair :D
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.9 US, $107.9 global... 119 screens in the US as of October 9th and 21 weeks; now playing in the UK.
NYC......Wolfpack is coming to ya' tonight at 92YTribeca
Direct TV is killing me. I am missing the Once Upon a Time finale. If this isn't fixed by Mad Men time I'm going to throw a major hissy.
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties. -Gail Sheehy Enjoy your evening.
Havent Decided When To Release For Download...We All Exclusive Music With It For the Summer
I will mail some ;-)
Question to all...do u think Messi and/or Ronaldo put up that many goals playing in the Premier League?? Tough to say, but I don't think so.
When I live in college im going to start journal writing again. That way my mom wont find my stuff again -.-
justin bieber
#NCSL staff says given the tone in DC, expect a big House omnibus bill addressing pensions/state bankruptcy/bailouts. States wont like that
Why am I so tired when I slept all day?
Connor bought me a T.S.O.L. patch :)
when are you coming home? i need some elliptical.
Where would our country be without the men and women who serve us in the military? We had and still have the best! Thank you!
What a beautiful day in Boston! Come enjoy great food and drinks on the patio!!
Maybe that belongs in quiet rooms along with the tax policy discussion
Check you email
Ima Put It Back On There Fam It Really Go Tho Its On My Mixtape
"Let it be(Acoustic) remix by Kevy Savuwa a.k.a pH",this is real heavy staf guys.tune in and listen to it.sweet hamonies,light instruments.
George Zimmerman thanked his "supporters" for vandalizing OSU's Black Cultural Center - what a terrible awful evil thing to do.
um I'm sorry? I didn't know? Umm ill stop? I'm Sorry... But i won't stop talking to him. But I'm so so sorry!!
REMEMBER: he will NOT come if there is not AT LEAST 3,000 stories! Get ALL your friends to send 1 in too! no spamming! :)
You don't need to lose it to know that you have it good.
do u have any idea how much african babies are worth these days, hustle hard baby them student loans aint gon pay themselves
Soon, "whatever."
why do people who sit on this long bench in the coffee shop all have RESTLESS LEG SYNDROME!?? i can feel your foot tapping!! owwww
Happy Felix Pie day!
happy Easter I love you baby <3
Hey Ray. I only watched the UFC fight last night... Diaz vs Miller. Good fights.
Ha totally. If you know any "need to see" places in Ecuador let me know I will be there this summer for at least 5 weeks.
At least it was last November... But maybe schedule is diff for summer?
thanks! Would love to have your help!
That's okay :)
God do I love autocorrect. Helps so much when you're drunk.
Tom needs more playing time next year, don't you think, Rob?
That's actually a trick to set your makeup xD
Thank you for joining us today.
I wanted to respond to your Muppets nail polish tweet, but couldn't come up w/ anything cleaver. "Meep-Meep-Meep?"
Lord, teach your people to take their feelings to the Altar and not to work!
Shout out to Pat Battistini
Finally got a Blackberry Storm! I love this phone
I would love to hear about that!
Gallery 924 is open late tonight. Stop by and check out the beautiful pieces by Nhat Tran! We are open until 6.
I was your 390th follower ;D EVERYONE FOLLOOWWWWWEWW
how old are y'all?
Individuals' rights > states' rights.
Great to connect ! You do such important work.
body all angles...grindin like she kno me in reality we strangers!!
today was fun, jammin to songs in class is always fun!! (:
I just noticed that the post has your original post and then your update, cross-posted to Groundswell. Lucky us!
Thank the #Lord for my kids even if nobody else want'em #Tupac #deadbeatdads can
Standing at turn 10 about to watch whip some #lbgp ass.
What is one to do while waiting to go do something really scary?!?
I can't believe this is a job.
Shouldn't you both be at work?
What if any of the Bulls could dunk?
Bad looking fingernails? Biotin can help-cauliflower is a great source of this b-vitamin.
Who else is seeing Radiohead tonight at Roseland Ballroom?! We are counting down the hours...
Good Morning. Diving into cornflakes then off to Will County for a bit.
I just have a thing for singers. And/or a guy in a work suit.
if Tory from the MythBusters came to deliver it to me. Or Adam. Either one. :)
Wish You all very Happy New Year 2012. Have great success in 2012 and years to come.
One. Last. Day.
it pays to know guys! get err done.
Thanks! We're super excited for the forthcoming design changes and new feature sets we'll be rolling out soon!
ask Kobe would do you celebrate the night you lose game 7 just like the Patriots did?
Dusty over tomarrow, movies then probly....
Thank You to VeteransSale Save 25% plus free shipping on all CloSYS products. Use Code: THXVET25 www.closys.com
just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight :)
God is good . Chris leading the Nominees with 6 Nominations . Congratz man keep up the good work . from a true Fan
I wanna smoke one wit Obama
Looks like I did.
Taco bell's doritos locos taco is just ehhhhh. Not that much of a game changer.
would you pray for favor and wisdom as I hear God about ministry direction?How, when, where to step out;If & how long to stay put
We are looking forward to returning to NYC -next Friday Aug 26 to play an awesome venue way uptown
Soon as I get up my mom wants breakfast lmao
I'm prob the only that thought there were 2 starting days for #WPTHardRock. Just pulling up. WOW.
don't drink the nailpolish remover
The only time you fail is when you don't learn from a mistake.
i don't have my laptop that's why lol
Client list time! :))
Cocktail Guess: ‘Make Me Something Classically Old Fashioned, But Not A Classic Old Fashioned ’
B.A. in Communication from USC. Now I'm !
i told both of yall at the same time-ish. like.. i messaged yall both.
What? is coming to #sschat this Monday at 7pm est? Wow, you don't want to miss that. A special Elluminate session? Cool!
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
4/30/1778-> G. Clinton: Upon every rational principle we should have, if possible, more than a respectable Army on foot
we've got master social studies educator presenting middle school project-based learning across DC. Student explorers!
My brother created a cool music 4 me! The name's ''My brother is Pedro''. Listening it now.
Well, yeah, obviously , preferably in a honeymoon suite somewhere, but what I really meant was Hemingway and HST.
Social networking experiment on NEMESYS facebook fan page. T Minus 1 Hr....
Happy Monday everyone! Back to the daily grind! ;-)
There's a dude at the bar reading "Winning a local election for DUMMIES".
first tweet goes out to all you #mahomies we're here to support you! :D
Today am at Midwest Interfaith Immigration Summit in Ohio. Getting ready to take on FAIR with the strength of congregations. Support reform!
Damn I hate fagz
Shedrick brother why you playing like you don't know
A <U+FFFD>gross<U+FFFD> is a dozen dozen, or 144 items <U+FFFD> the more you know!
what types of dogs do you have
a show
Allegrippis trails in Raystown PA on my SIR 9. Followed by campfires, bbq's & cold brews. Thanks for the #FF Shout!
more more!
great idea!
true but i would love to see ridiculousness if beiber wasnt annoying me with every work he says
Off to school :-)
Gruyere, so delicious! BTW I am so in for a field trip to Cheesetique.
I think dreaming helps to keep me in reality lol
none taken, ;-) hope you have a great day
Just saying hello...pr Nice to meet you.....love your music & twisted but creative mind, I like how you keep it real~@& CCMAMA
Yep all kids r #assholes : Finally home, not feeling well. I think all the babies on my various flights got me sick.
It's A Wonderful Life is on ! Favorite movie ever!
Can't wait to watch on prank stars tonight
U of crse, my Lady!
Where's my when I need her...
Something amazing is happening today in the world of #Dance #Chicago- do you know what it is?
i love that a youtube commenter says "this video make me nostalgic for my future"
oh you should try one this year. They are so nice :)
I'd definitely have to think twice about that one. Maybe.
hey next time i come out to LA (im there often) If your down.. Lets do a photoshoot! definingmomentsbysm.com... Let me know
so much to do this weekend! Lots of great back to school sales, Husky Picture Day, did I say shopping? Oh yeah! :)
see my tweets with
the draft is really making me miss football season.
I'll go sleep! but is very late G'night
If I get one more work email about an event, without an actual calendar invite, I'm going to scream.
I am still in pajamas...I fear I'd require a ride back home LOL
Bulls win!
Sounds corny I know... But i really do think you can follow your dreams. I am in the process of figuring mine out. Then I will follow them!
200 million children suffer from chronic under-nutrition
geez, just received 3 spam tweets during #edchat in just 45 minutes...ughh , anyone else?
New clothes :) #guess #Johnvarvatos #
I'm starting to see no point n fb
And to think cookie dough ice cream awaits me in the freezer. Shudder.. ohsogood but still I insist... shudder
Just posted to the #MarkLogic developer's list. Hopefully someone can decipher my error log message :-\
I dread for Monday's to come.
Hey - We both used to work at SAM!
250 badges and 250 stickers for a little under 100 bucks
Trying to find proof theUSOC pays olympic athletes who medal a bonus. Anyone know where this is officially listed online?
wait! When did you sign up? Congrats momma! Xo
what kiind of blue:o
Aww I miss you too and what's up with all the hospital visits... you make me worried <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
So since they have lunchables, I think they should start selling dinnerables with like steak and stuff in the little container....
Even though I don't agree with what she does, but I love this show
Yea, and a little scary, TBH.
Congrats, Sarah! Love you
I really love new jewelry tools..just ordered a new riveting system that I can use for some new designs..can't wait ti get it!
TY Sweety. u made my day :)
#3WordsForYou Go Spurs Go<U+E42A><U+E42A><U+E42A>
feels good to be back engaged on Twitter! So much to catch up on and insight to take in!
Nice job admiring that flyout to the warning track.
Career* RT ": KG been setting moving screens the entire playoffs"
But it's all apart of our plan, so don't question it. Good things come to those who wait!
Is Herb Kohl really going to keep the bucks in Milwaukee? I hope this happens to help keep the economy going downtown.
don't hate on the game now sidelines gotta earn they way on the field
Tweet poetry RT : Bud break is here, leaves are opening...By end of next week, spring will be here, tractor out of the barn
WTF!!! Some serious voodoo on the goal scoring.
Dylan, like my best friend, decided that he wants to join the marines.. It's sad because I don't want him to go :/
you're amazing. I love you so much!
Also, by the looks of that Kaiser helmet, there might be Nazis.
so now I still feel sleepy but also lazy & gross. Oh well,
Gotta love Ron Paul he has his own thoughts!
Weights...done. Cardio....done. Day....can start!
Passive-aggressive commentary? I almost never sing.
AH! By the way, are you back soon??
Raven and Kevin Sullivan talking is probably one of the most entertaining things ever.
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
I feel it now man glad we are both still breathing
Gumby's last official night open.
Unfortunately our product is only available at select Walmart stores. TY for your support, you can always order on Clear2O.com too!
oh cool! Very exciting. I am so glad so many artists are inspired by/documenting the movement through song!
Kenny/Tim Mothers Days giveaway pack just loaded!
I swear I get more today that I do on christmas
Oh rad, thanks! Didn't want to assume you were the same persons. Awesome, we're amped too. Be in touch soon!
Say anything but no
i was about to do something, but she left
I also don't know I want to but I don't no if I will b in town when they have there concert in Florida
Starting off my first day of college with a psych class
Tonight was made for mistakes
RT if u want a SHOUTOUT!
You can lose 1% of your metabolism a year after age 20. Exercise can bring it back!
RT : If you hate our tax system and want a religious conservative gov't w/no abortion or gay marriage, Iran is waiting for YOU
Palm trees, silhouette mountains and rooftops. I keep the beach close to my side.
nice, I will check it out!
#PENFest12: What do we owe our youth? Artists and activists on the Children’s Rights Movement, 5/5, 5-6:30
Already had mine. so lovely!RT : Oh darling, we can't wait to have you! RT : 3hours til Christmas Tea
You are amazing:D
"Okay, you're not the real Santa Claus because you just called me a ho and your eyes are not blue," Mary, my 6-year-old cousin.
Some people trend the dumbest shit....#yolt ?
This is to funny! was just talking about how she never has stayed in a motel before!
On roadtrip to search for gr'parents' rent houses in early marriage, called gr'ma and asked for more directions and...
In which manner do you sort your clothing?
All across the world, PMOs work to ground debate about parl efficacy in facts, often to MPs consternation
Yeah! Confirmed the May 19 Tea & A Dream Foundation event for one of my favorite pairings: #tea and
An exhibit to withstand tens of thousands of frisky visitors without coming down on their heads?
just submitted my #SpecialLibraries evaluation. effin' retarded. Now I'm gonna chill out with some hulu and try to let it all go.. *breathe*
We're at the game. Are you on your way?
heck yeaa we do!
"Dubya Alums Rice, Hadley, And Gates Join Forces For New Consulting Firm" #huffpost How to start pointless wars!
It's scary to realize how much one year can change you
My taste buds are doing a happy dance! Thanks for featuring my favorite flavor on my birthday!! Turtle Sundae! The best!!
Wake and
Shopping 4 clothes when ur 40ish stinks. I don't want to look 16, but I'd prefer not to look 75 either. Thanks.
You Can Take Me Out Da Hood But Da Hood Still Be In Me
#UHbsb gets one across - and now trail #SACstate 3-1, Kitamura with the RBI single and runners remain on the corner
Looking forward to the opening
Looks like Jordan Caron will play for #Bruins tonight. Bold move by Julien.
Ohh I need a program called MacDefender ... :P.
Ateam is definitively still in the makin lol
Watching Warren Buffett on #PBS talking about how he should pay more taxes and not get #socialsecurity . Amazing guy, amazing attitude.
Did you know that today is birthday? Let's see if we can make the twitter box blow up today with b-day tweets!
...Benjamin Franklin.
RT Five Tips for Getting Coverage at #CES - What learned with at
Your face is okay, but your purse is too tight
going on a run right now
yup, it's really clear that you're inspired by human centered design ideas - so I wanted my #HCD tweeps to see yr stuff :-)
Just two weeks of service at the 'fine dining' restaurant class. So glad, I'm so sick of being so exhausted on a Friday!
Thank you, David!
Big happy birthday shout out to !!! It's goin down bro
You are so welcome! Hurry home.
The Bulls have official taken over this game. Two goals scored mins apart to take a 3-0 lead over the Bearcats.
RT : RFK Jr. at PLA: good environmental policy is always good economic policy
I don't follow NCAA football enough to know who the rest of these kids are, hope they get a job. & Packers don't pick any thugs
I gotta be the biggest sucker in the world for thinking that once, just ONCE, could be somewhere near on time.
it had everything I want there. Open mic/ karaoke, cheap whiskey, 2 dollar skanks, pool, and foosball. It was like I designed it
So let's see whose honest on #Twitter ~ some people have loads of #Followers . . . are you using a program? which one?
Is there a sense this bill will be voted on yet tonight? RT: Stadium bill debate continues on the House floor
the familiar is getting old...
New from UNDEROLOGY...lactic acid gel 10%! “If you need celebrity testimony on the matter, look no further than Cleopatra's beauty...
Ahh, here I thought you got a sweet photo-op. oh well :)
Please RT-Register to win $100 gift certificate to an SIC biz! Survey for new biz concept tinyurl.com/43tvfje
Rueben Randle goes ahead of Kendall Wright, Alshon Jeffery, Stephen Hill, and AJ Jenkins in the rookie draft. Still not my cup of tea
& concert announcement tomorrow morning at 7!!!!!
Republicans don't care about wasteful spending when it's for their agenda. >>#Gingrich secret service costing tax payers millions.
Good Morning! "Always do right. This will surprise some people and astonish the rest"- Mark Twain. Have a wonderful day !
just realized that eating in smaller amounts gives me more energy... knowing that really won't stop me from stuffing my face though
Matt Kemp just belly flopped into the CF wall at #Dodger Stadium. Maybe that will wake him up from his dream season.
at work twerkkn it
follow back? )
anywhere near the Riviera?
Woke up and my hair already looked good. #thisisawesome!
do not like the three unities, in a movie anyway. boring.
Sweet! We'll be sure to share this with our devs!
Finally got our twitter going. We need followers so please follow us!!!
“: FINALLY get to see the vow” just finished watching it!
Not a dilemma! Be associate, I say.
Washington Offers Amnesty Program for Tax Liabilities. Read More:
Follow ....he follows back ..he be doin dat dressin shit n he cool n funni AYE. FOllOW HIS ASS :)
hit that number up 7047284808
thank you!!
We Got 1 Week 3 Days!(:
Ugh feeling sick
I hate the am traffic be pissing me off.
is the number u have start with 512? if it does then yes. if not let me know and ill message it to you
Thanks to Brenda Miller and her class for hosting me today.
I'll give that point some validity. I'm a RR fan & studied econ..trickle down works in theory, reality complicates.
Time Magazine covering
Looking at two schools in Chicago :)
That is scary. Who knew it was so prevalent? I bet I even have that in my school!
Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..<U+2764> People who don't a crazy.. I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!<U+2764>
Media check your inbox- We just sent out a press release for Child Abuse & Neglect Prevention Month
hi. I just wanted to say I love you so much! I'm sick and at the doctors/: but I still love you! Please follow me!(: <33
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible. -Lance Armstrong
a lot of compliments on my shirt
You're misunderstanding me. Every time I don't get some for a while, I call it celibacy. Makes me feel better.
hahhaa a guy went to the block to SEE your performance hahaha NO HOMO that's FUNNY
are u coming to hang out with me?
IKR! I have them so spoiled.
Thanks SO much to for the hospitality & the delish sliders last night & to for joining us & all the great work you do!
lol nice nasty tweet!
Dealt with my didnt-run-the-half blues this morning by RUNNING. Oh yeah. Take that, back problems. NOW WHO'S THE BOSS
Yes, he is such a spoiled dog. We have Just returned from a walk.
but, yes, definitely #twitterslacking! Not good for business! :)
White sauce. Like on a pizza! So awesome.
S/O to , preciate tha support & promo blast fam
Getting ready for
Came home and found out I won a scholarship yes
heard. I'm on day three. I'm able to recognize simple shapes and colors!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves,but wiser people so full of doubts.BRussell
Oops, meant to say Civic Arena. My spelling will be my downfall.
Love this: "The Dream Team" on NBATV 6/13. Footage of Chris Webber & Co defeating their idols/NBAers in a scrimmage. (via )
Happy National Teacher Day! If you can read this, then #thankateacher !
Just asking: Really carry #gun for self defense? Or, for ego?
Our Model 12 Photobooth records all photos to DVD so your cherished photos will last a lifetime.
There are so many FAKE people around nowadays. it's hard to trust anybody.
Katherine Jenkins going to DWTS finals. This could mean Driver is OUT.
#ghettotranslations what it dew = what are you doing?
Thank you - I have heard the same about you - we will make it happe! RT : Thanks for the shout!
can't forget "The Room"
Ebanks is a loser
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
no lots of ppl put famous ppl on the picture
RT if you love your fans from all over the country!
it soothes something ;) maybe not the vocal chords but oh well ahaha x)
INBOX ZERO! :D
Been awhile since I was in downtown indy
Minnesota Twins off to a poor start. They need to come out swinging at Target Field or it's going to be a long season like last year.
I just iD'd Somethin' 'Bout A Truck by Kip Moore using
(Hippie voice) I AM SAVING THE 'RENTS WATER AND MONEY..
Sofia Vergara from Modern Family is hosting SNL tonight and One Direction is performing! It's gonna be a good one.
is enjoying that popcorn!
Hello to all our new followers! Thanks for the love! (& a special thanks to all who filled out my survey! You guys rock!)
#MadSeason the ultimate best of #LayneStaley. My pain is self chosen...
RT : Open Data makes gov docs machine readable and cuts down on phone calls.
she is? Fuck I'm sorry guys. She's fucking psycho. I'll try and do something about it but I'm sorry :(
U still think fingering is gonna get a girl off ?
#mythoughtsatschool can i just leave ?
people are too crazy for me these days haha
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat? ~ Tom Snyder
Bubble wrap keeping me busy.
Thanks to all our members for their great feedback and the relaunch of our new site.
I noticed that while #AVENwiki has definitions for #neutrois and #agender, #Wikipedia does not...
A big thanks to all of TAP's moms for raising such lovely boys! Haha c:
Can we create a legit Twitter feud? That would be really good for both of our careers, I think.
Give us a brake! - New York Post
follow back(:
my first video :)
Damn, been off Twitter for a month. Schools over. Warm weather is really here. Launched a garden yesterday. Headin' out to Frisco on Thurs.
Who figured that out?? RT Nightingale poop is used in facials in Hawaiian spas because its urea softens the skin.
figures you get a great working port of cm7 and my fascinate takes a crap Verizon is sending me an incredible 2. Such is life.
It's been 2 years since I've tweeted but on the request of I'm Back!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!! Call me, Email me or Please see my website:…
i just came from the gym played a few games i was cashin out .. mixin cats up the usual
Congrats to my buddy from florida on a Top 20 finish. Good job bud
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
Stopped, a quick 9? RT : Man it'd raining cats and dogs in Penn Yan right now. No golf this afternoon :(
Thank you T - Have a great week!
$100 says I wish I would have went to work on Tuesday.
it sure is.
Countdown to Cinco de Mayo... start early and have a fantastic weekend!
fuck you. What about me. Dick
U are one I would pay to hear. Funny yet honest & no BS! RT :.... I am on a 4 day trip for Bank of America giving speeches!
its amazing! I play standard and modern
While smoking a cig today oomf little brother asked"why does everyone have candles in their hands?"Omg its was the cutest thing ever,he's 3!
early night for you!?
I've been dreading this AP Spanish test since last June...
Hi there FlamingoFF
Safe & Happy New Year everyone!!! Wishing you all the best in 2012!!!
Thanx. Ur the best. Got my blue dress on
yea i like that one too! :)
Worried and shit
Cuz the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
Nah for real, yall really let that man call himself Metta World Peace! I'm not gonna let that slide. YALL let him do that. Lol
True but you're showing us how to :) And also sketching up sweet notes and pictures to make it easier for us lay folk to get it
you are more than welcome, my dear. God always knows the right things to say at the right time, huh? :)
so u and justin broke up?
Awww, that way no one else can enjoy the sounds of the others eating, typing, heavy breathing, etc.
follow me
My mom said that no man was worth going to jail for. I beg to differ because Chicago taught me that he had it comin'.
10 days in Peru… Check. Now to focus back at the office.
Oh mah gah... it's Master Piece Theater up in GayJesus Land!
Net Migration from Mexico Falls to Zero—& Perhaps Less Thelargest wave ofimmigration inhistory 4m any country to the US has come to a still
Analytical...yea I like that!
Really liking Howard Stern on AGT this year
RT on stage at #prsms Nice belt buckle!
appreciate your emails but I got at least 3 today!!
ZirMed is planning to attend HIMSS this year(and we will have some exciting announcements)! Let me know if you are a ZirMed client attending
Indeed! Love what you guys are doing and wish you the best!
Had fun hanging with my friend Chantell tonight! Always a good time.
Team lunch at Five Guys!
Don't miss the #Chinese Hiring Manager at the #NSA today from 10am-4pm at 814 East Third Street! Maybe this could be your new career?!
What are some of your favorite Royal Rumble moments. Tweet Us and let us know. We will be providing ours this week
i dont know why my brother doesnt like the last a day to remember album, i love it.
Love it!
lmfao.. No it sucks when she's a booty call n still in ya bed lol
thanks! Mine for you as well. I have always wanted to work abroad.
Drivin to Arkansas to play!
Just cooked the worlds best egg
Sigh. That's life/fandom/the Internet.
I just want to tell you, I'm very happy I saw you tonight! (:
You cannot say "filth-flarn filth-flarn filth" in front of people.
No problem and agreed! Can't wait to read the anthology.
Thank you so much for your delicious contributions to our #fashionmassacre! You rock!
Wow...what a great hustle play by Avery Bradley. Sprint back & contest!
Yes! Love Dirk! RT : MLB has changed its mind and Dirk will now throw out the first pitch for Game 3 in Texas.
#Awesome! RT : we were honored to be an
Lmao You A Freshman?
2011 Sure Things: A.J. Green and Patrick Peterson. 2012 Sure Things: Andrew Luck and Trent Richardson
time cldnt be any slower!!!!
yeah i had similar thoughts. but i guess any medium can be used for either. i tend to follow those who share resources
RIP Adam Yauch. You really pissed off my parents, and I'll always love you for that.
Yup. Subscription gone. Thanks for being more cordial/reasonable than the mods on your forums. I felt insulted by them.
That's awesome. No charred ice? Did you see that Portlandia sketch?
thanks 4 the awesome show in sf last nite! I even bought the puppies tshirt frm ur bro matt. I wanted 2 say hi 2 u but 2 shy
hahah for real let me know
[whimpers] RT OK but could BC beat the Columbus Blue Jackets???
Find out why Darren was BLOWN OFF in 5 minutes!!
Doors open at 9. Or you can win VIP passes to get in early with Hot 107.9
Ikr! Smh I still don't think it was better than when a man loves a woman though but it was close
I dont like the spurs
YES! RT : #WPSLElite is serious & sustainable effort by Zanelli, Ferrara to bring cold realism to women's football in the US.
Yes we&#39;ve heard. Karen may use for homeschool drama class. They loved #nanowrimo!
I'm gonna be the best, the best that I can be whatever it takes, i know i can make it, i can make it through
we movin to the top who comin wit us
IT'S ALIVE!
Sweating off this pussy!! lol
and do you know their twitter? Lol sorry for all these questions :o
Negative Ghost rider.
O Sicilian Meatball Flatbread sounds delicious! We'll have to try that at Thursday's Happy Hour!
getting super excited! :)
Blair, Young, and Fields.
geothermal, wind and #shale gas bring #WV opportunities when post-coal economy sets in. Look forward to story
Omg I love my villa jv we killed it out there gurlys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
There is a new IPod app that translates Jay Leno into funny.
hahah how so?
you guys look awesome- I need to talk to you about some pricing- want to keep our biz local
Please become friends with 1dogrescue
Home from 4 hours dancing and I'm still not tired
UPN RT : Lifetime RT : HBO RT FOX “: WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON??!???!?!”
so true
RT : Lovely. Just dribbled 3 large drips of (non-fat) hot choc on white skirt. Is too late to start today over? // Tide Stick!
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
RT : We're getting some movement on #IgnoreTheKardashians ! Keep it up, twinions!
Also you two, where's MY book deal? Have written 22 WORDS SINCE SEPTEMBER! #recognition?
the importance o hats during wartime cannot be overstated.
Hello november hello november hello november!
Thanks for the mention and follow on this Friday: , , and &
. Wine drinking all weekend long=Best. Weekend. Ever. (& stories galore). Interested in filming segment ?
I would have thought they'd pump more collagen into the handles of that one.
I'm so cold & tired today. I need a heated body suit. Lol
I heard you! lol
I mean don't take it to the asscrack
Philly Sports: Pittsburgh International Children’s Festival to offer tentfuls of fun – Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Working on my 2passions 2day #fitness and designing #swimwear Life is God!!
i see you
Np mind gone
Ryu can beat the shit out of Chun Li and that's cool.
YOU TOTALLY TOOK MY SHIRT. I STILL CAN'T FIND IT. YOU TOOK IT.
Peach Ciroc? Don't mind if I do. Own my first bottle :D
Love pop chips!
Any shops interested in carry PaperTrail, feel free to email us with inquiries -
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
I figured Seattle would have been higher... but, the college town domination makes sense, I suppose.
Just because your auto correct doesn't mean your always correct
Analyzing census data. Saved file called sex.png--a graph of gender distribution. Realized it might seem like something very different.
Jim Furyk oversleeps and misses Barclays pro-am, disqualified.. Does Jim have PTO he can use?
Speaking of my b-day ;) being a good baker means I usually have to make my own cake if I want one :/
just went to a history talk in which I had a panoramic view of like 20 old white men in tweed
I'd like to see a non-celebrity say that half-time show was worth a crap...
sometimes it's the old ones that are the best.
I'm writing about fans of isanyoneup--wanna chat?
I guess I will get up and get on the floor, but I draw the line at dancing the dinosaur.
is prepping some (big) news for Thursday - and it won't be an April Fool's joke! Keep an eye out for notes from us!
Sometimes you gotta cut off your finger to save your hand!
OH CRUD. YOU HAVE A STUPID SOCCER GAME TONIGHT. ^_^ and you wonder why we don't get along..
have you ever seen the show
Happy to have our Friday regulars tonight! RT : Looking forward to my usual Friday night practice
my pleasure. Thanks for sharing the great quote :-)
#hulkhogan was my hero in the #80s #wrestling every Saturday
my (anonymous) opinion is right now that $10m a year is better out of redev $. Gen fund $ is more valuable then redev $ right now
male patron: i can tell you that you are a pretty girl, because i'm an older man. me: no, i don't think that's how it works.
"Bad boys aint no good, Good boys aint no fun"
ON THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES: #CicLAvia AT DODGER STADIUM
I just want to kiss you all over.
what do you mean? I love falling into Q's arms hahaha!
HATE that movie. Didn't like the remake, either.
you never see that much blood in a baseball game.
should make you happy to be at espn where food is important. Million dollar question: how is the food at Bristol cafeteria?
Thanks, Elvis.
no, not the speedos!
2 days and 6 hours until the draft!!! I'll be alone in a hotel room. Be prepared for hundreds of tweets.
keep my name out of dis i got nun da do wit dis
#dfwsem it's ok I can vouche for you! #gaslampstripclubISasteakrestaurant -from a San Diego native :)
Sharkey loves me.
Robert Gallery to the Broncos?
I listened in the car, fun interview.
Doc Smith? You're referencing Doc Smith on Twitter? You are a BADASS. Skylark Three FTW!!!
list of phone numbers to landlines, WAMU customer assist no. w/ old bank acct info, diagram/jpg "Future as a walled city"
:) #Noted , I'll be working on making that happen. Be safe
I heard you love the F'real Milkshakes! We do too and we want to give you a giant foam hand to show our appreciation
23 k's i thought the analog controls were gay!
Thanks Doll! Everyone's telling me to beware the Klout. Are you liking it?
Had grass-fed Delmonico Steaks for dinner-such a comfort food!
Thanks to free market policies, income hoarding by the wealthiest 1% is equivalent to 1929 levels. Welcome to the New Gilded Age.
YOU'RE FINALLY VERIFIED!<3
how insane would it be if EDC had lazer tag???
Happy hump day & giving thanks for fabulous new followers (<3 U!) (yes!)
Seen some man sleds on trailers today. Season is officially over. Sad face
The fact we have tickets to the first game of the second round of the #NBAPlayoffs for the seems like a stretch at this point.
"Any time is a good time to start a company" - Ron Conway, SV ANGEL
#rbms09 The print keepsake on the history of the preconference is well under way
RT : Keep your challenges in check. What do you take for granted? The world is not so fortunate -Bill Clinton
Field trip time :D
Talk Directly With A Locksmith Call Us Today (619) 335-7969
but you conjugated correctly!
thanks bro i appreciate that!
POTUS must govern 4 ALL Americans, not 1 community. POTUS could no more target jobs 4 blks than GOP for the rich. That IS
Another beautiful day in Atlanta. 70's and sunny. Should b a great night for baseball. Go Crew!
Thanks for finding, returning and delivering my bag.
BBQ at my crib last night got messy in the late hours. 3 broken shot glasses, 2 broken Newcastles, a missing chair and lots of dog blood.
its too late to go to school -.-
glad its raining now than later :)
Tomorrow's gonna be a big day!
- As I remember it, the worst on your feet is the stopping - lol!
Do you fight for my gay friends? My atheist friends? My Muslim friends? My Jewish friends? No. You want control everyone. Ick.
Give out (sow) what you want to receive (reap) :)
Yay! It's a new year.
Happy International Women's Day!
nope! that song is dirty!
Looking forward to your #2012MAC talk on Thursday.
How the hell can you "consolidate education with another agency"? Apparently, the #GOP thinks we "have the right to remain stupid".
They just outro'ed Dave Grohl & Butch Vig with LMFAO.
hey beautiful <3
this weather puts me in such a glum mood
Gasol and Bynum with the meeting on the court. Rare.
- OMG Doug! Just watched your Ronco spot! Took me back 30 years! What fun!
Amy but usually Nikola<o.k. I like a little stability in my life.
This sub is not as soggy as I wanted it to be :(
This is embarrassing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When your dreaming with a broken heart- waking up is the hardest part
two more coming your way on wednesday, 29 february. final mixing scheduled for that day. what a journey.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
$45 Private pilates classes from certified, experienced instructors. No packages to buy. Pay as you go.
"Make the social sharing icons bigger" is the new "make the logo bigger."
Valuable trip @ SILS was to community college lib where a classmate worked. Small group, very informative, sticks with me years later.
I would be better if you could #teachmehowtodougie now thatd be #SWAG :)
It's beautiful!
OMG IM MAKING A JUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO WHO WANTS IN???!?!?!?!
Anyone use songwriting as therapy? Or anything else?
Wow, that's beautiful!
Like I said today's an kinda day...
Watching The Descendants!
I agree!
If you wanna win my heart you dont need looks , you need a heart too <3.
Plus, #LilWayne often pushes kids' academic literacy and their concepts of it a lot further than their ELA teachers do.
Jessica just sent an email to all of writing services! But she didn't name me, so I'm just joshin' ya.
It's sad and embarrassing but my poli-sci grade is so far my worst, so I need to rock in this final.
maybe I will nut sack!
"Dear Pearson, Would they have eaten my uncle? He wears sleeveless shirts. Your friend, Mario. 3rd grade."
o I feel the same way right now
then I guess you can go.
Yea not really but I'm off here til later
I love hummingbirds. One of my favorite things about going to NM. :)
teaching allows an opportunity to create a safe place to explore the possibilities! The singer then makes those possibilities into REALITY!
Traffic is going to suck but so worth it to sleep 7.5 hours
y is it so late
yep. In Finland. Season seats don't go that far. However... Oct 27th.....?
Starting a new run program in the morning. Pretty psyched. Needed new motivation
Oklahoma is gonna lose!! lol
“: Fool me once, Shame on you Fool me twice, Shame on me Fool me 350,000 times, you are a weather man.” get ya every time.
Garcia out already. Another rough night for the BP.
If there was 5 more sec after #ConnorTeahans steal would have had another windmill right around year anniversary of last years
hey, seems like fun!
Yum, I vote u do it - then bring me some ": No I haven't- but I really want 2 pickle grn beans & grn tomatoes
yeah I heard there's a black corolla sport ready to pick you up ! Lmao
What you gonna do?...Barbeque or mildew?
A full day to catch up on writing projects!
Some had MAJOR damage some Minor But All Fine!! I'm Mentally exhausted!
follow back monster?
Too much on my mind I wish I could just go blank!
YOur welcome Curtis!
Special greeting to 6 interesting folks...
Check out our newly designed FB page! How do you like it?
Hey there #delayedresponse ...sorry! Feeling pretty good. Hope ur 2012 is off to a great start!
haha i think i might die.. But i think it'll be worth it :)
Sorry it's been a minute since we have been on! Up and running!!! Goodnight...sleep well!!
Playing golf for business and so far not embarrassing myself!
Haha I can't stand old style books... Or southern books
High of 94 before noon is inexcusable. A/C in my 2002 pick-up already let me know that it can't hang. Gonna be a long hot summer in
Bold statement! RT : as a life long mets fan & fmr season tix holder, We don't trust ownership and don't want them to have our money
My clothes don't match today, that's in, right?
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
Black people KNOW how to keep you from taking a nap.! #ShootOnThis Man.!
: …i don't think we can be friends anymore. :P (to start: freq used to mask power, evade responsibility, naturalize BS, etc)
The future lies before you like a field of driven snow. Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
HahaRT Lovin your improvements in the NE system. Can I get a retweet for believin in you and getting crap for it?
The sad thing is, a lot of people really be thinking their opinions really matter.
At mutt lynch's in Newport!! Love this place!!!!
We're live at the College Expo in Ontario, CA, promoting the I Can Afford College campaign!
i graduate on Tuesday. its bout to be crazy. #ClassOf2011 - danielle
Lol is a clown.
Words heard on Vilsack call #1: "CASFP" - Child and Adult Care Food Program
- Your Such A Creep -.-
Appearing live WOLB 1010am wolbbaltimore.com right now taking about preventing child abuse. Tune in or make a call 410481100 or 8777041010
crying causes puffiness. watch out!
cheer up buttercup! :)
thx for the follow!
a pleasure. Wish u the same!
Off to SoCal with for a long weekend. Hoping for some sun. See you Monday!!
If I had the time to sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful wor
Diddy got so much money thats all he can rap about mostly all his verses he mention he worth billion he made forbes #1 richest artist
I WANT TO BE OVER YOU/THIS. :(
lmaoo i didnt mean in a bad way !
oh because you're SO shy.
same:) ill reply in the morning I'm going bed night:)
true, but it does get 7 days on a charge. And with $5M so far, they definitely have the time and money to improve any issues.
In the age of segregation, Washington D.C.'s Howard Theatre was one of the 1ST large venues to welcome black audiences & performers
You know why they call it a XBOX 360? Because when people see it they do a 360 and turn around and walk away! Oh…..
Looks like our Twitter account was hacked...sorry if you got a weird, direct message from us.
You gotta draw a line in your hustle...
just cause we are saucy
Will Smiths kid performing at the Grammies is a perfect example of; Its not what you know its who you know Or n this case who ur related to.
It Be Scary And Thundering ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><U+2614><U+26A1>
it might not be your problem, but the sidebar on docs.redhat is slow to load and has a lot things that I don't need...cont
YAY!!! Thank the lord for system recovery.. SAVED!!
Stalberg scored twice against Denmark today. I bet Kruger whispered "We're playing the Blue Jackets" to him before the game.
Much as I love this song, I'm not sure it really showcased Jermaine's voice as well as it could have.
Michelle Williams...looking lovely...as usual
i know bro its pissing me the fuck off
did u delete your facebook??
Follow along with
because both can produce a few notes,and they are never put with the wrong end in front!
the simple matter of a fact is you did not know the answer and act as though you did,read and learn.
well fuck back to mediocrity
re Brighton's fast-- sounds like Augustus, fr Streuwelpeter
When Fort Sumter was fired upon and hostilities broke out, the Lamon family was no stranger to divided loyalties. More on the morrow.
Hittin the studio early tomorrow morning gotta get it in!!!
and killed the preparty mix and now its time for CLUB 100 with and myself!
#PIPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today? Great! Tomorrow, what are *you* going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
Good shit craft!!!!!
I feel like I got over some major writers creator block!
"Jump Jive & Wail" Salon a great experience for color correction & hair cut...I should know. Drove to Frisco, Texas & Michelle worked magic
OK, a little ol' 62 for Tiger. Guess that (new) home cookin' means something.
Sigh...no luck finding a house in Monterey, CA yet. It seems to be a case of extremes, too small or too big...and no price quite right. :(
YOU PUT IT DOWN LIKE NEW YORK CITY...
how much dough you make?
Time to hit the high road and get some more resume's out the door and into people's grips!
new song?
Not sure about blue, we need a red ale so we can easily add the Espinoza name to it though. =)
Wake Up, Wake Up, Time To Stack Ya Cake Up
It's a kind of morning.
I know I sent out the invitations late, but if you haven't given me an rsvp for the wedding let me know whats good via email or fb. Thx!
THE GREAT BOT PURGE OF 2012
Spending the day tracking down wiffle bats, pinatas, and plungers for
It's good, Idec Nomore cause Ik what I did x what he did so all I ask from him is to keep my NAME out is month !!
Good luck x
"You think we smoked enough?" / "Probability."
Spanish project...check. English paper...barely started. Lord help!!!!
don't matter
Anyone else having trouble with not working?
#SocialMediaTip know more about others then what you should know
#GCB makes me want to move to Dallas! lol..... almost ;)
no coffee - tea: don't know.
I cant mess wit <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080> no more lol
Put garden-fresh green onions in my loaded baked potato salad. Awesome.
how r u?
thanks lil lady!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : Nights like this I need a boo thang......oh boy
Playing some cosmic with the gang.
I have had a very busy morning, working on lots of auditions :)
watching present at right now. #Texas start ups representing at
Getting a little orange in my life!
skinning......fruit.
Rise & Shine . . Its Time To Grind
Taking a break from work to contemplate DRM issues in Video Game Archives.
iPad typing is tough at first before you learn. Maybe we can help?
Happy Mother's Day to our wonderful Shock moms!!!
is the symbol which many confuse with the Caduceus, and which is a medical symbol. INTERESTING!! Way to mess up our history!!
Our family portraits totally rock! Book with us today, you will love your images.
I remember my first
Just signed up for a free trial of Psyched to begin using this as our citing/research portal!
There has been several,but I took a little from each artist who inspired me and created my own unique sound and style.
Yea, I know. That's what they all say.
Tanya Brock from will be here on Saturday to teach home canning. We're pretty excited!
Our waiter literally just said 'I FUCKED UP' when we asked him about my meal he forgot to put in...
I think it's fearless to fall in love with your best friend, even though he's in love with someone else." -Taylor Swift
Just a hurried line...to tell a story which puts the contrast between *our* feast of the Nativity and all this ghastly Xmas rack
ko same here ready 4 school
I sure hope an #samesexmarriage vote happens today. come on, #nyssenate, be heroes! do what's right!
that is not enough pages!
have fun with that final
er I'll start it in 2 weeks time then....... <U+E40A>
Just watched episode 1 of Sports Night. It made me cry. Man, I forgot how good that show was.
//4G?! Lol, no sir! Sponsored wifi hubs means revenue generator not wasted expense. Investment = added incentive.
Your school at www.varsityjackets09.com we rock Pittsburgrh
new music project very excited! stay tuned!
Shirt Guy Direct - Call 954-245-8380 - Uniforms, embroidery, printing and more. We service #PembrokePines #Broward #Dade and
this spring break is gonna be too live with all this cash
Smaller crowd than I expected at #tedxhuntsville - maybe they are late?
I have the biggest lesbian crush on Miley Cyrus. I'm obsessed with her. She's perfect.
Upcoming fundraising event! February 19th - Poway Fun Bowl!!! More info to come - please calendar it and join us!!!!
August Vollmer, police chief in Berkeley in 1909, required training and education, and that officers be uninvolved in politics.
good luck then!!
Due to gas shortages, the City of Albuquerque has closed for Friday, February 4. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Wondering if She Will
question of the night, who would win the NBA title if the Nuggets played against the Knicks?...talk amongst yourselves...
Like Alice Cooper would say schools out for summer
My 12 year old cousin is doing more things this weekend than i am :(
Once Love is, it always will be...
I appreciate those who can do that! And I laugh my ass off in your/their honor.
Crossed into Iowa and already snowflakes. Heard my hometown as blizzard-like conditions. Should be an interesting trip.
Yeah a'a you know what it is!!!!!!!!Black and Yellow Black and yellow,Black and Yellow Black and yellow
Hope you are hanging in there!
now get up ahead of spurs!
listening to your mixtapes - wanna be a dj like u someday - hope to get an interview with u on our radio show soon thx fam!
For The Wanted! If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?! :D ps. I love you! <3
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>ILoveeee You Twin!!!!!!
Must meet Shania Twain. Must meet Adele. Must meet Duffy. Must meet Fran Drescher. Must meer Courtney Love. Must meet Margaret Cho.
girl I done even know! What's up?
Hey SAG friends! Please vote for my awesome friend Woody Schultz in the Hollywood Division Election! He's #32, and with Unite for Strength!
What is the deal with sports starting so late on the west Coast?? Everyone in the world should run on the same clock.
: Thank you for this!
At least KU lost to the best team in the country.
he gave a good talk
If you like Pittsburgh hip hop take a listen and follow , recording artist/producer/ owner at Records.
"Jesus Christ Holy mackerel that's a lot of cabbage" - my elderly Asian doctor, as we discuss poker and tournament buy-ins
“: i love pissing people off” That's because you have nothing else to do.
What does compassion w/in loving kindness mean? RT : not always giving in to the first instinct to be nice
only kinda.. lol.. it feels like I'm naked, but it feels so much better! He's really gentel with me(:
Jacob Fred Jazz Odyssey is killin' it at the Blue Wisp right now!
when you're making the argument that Tim Thomas was motivated, its not helping your cause.
That is such my guilty pleasure - that and
Finished a song tonight.
First she prayed for my job situation. Then she got off track and told me about men....
Are you having an indoor Super Bowl Party at your church or school? If so, give us a call to reserve one of our new inflatables!
#GhettoEasterBasketItems Melted Chocolate wit ants on it!!!
My Bday for 4 month! I can't wait my 18 :)
Cry baby, cry.
HQ looking better, meeting with canvassing team Thanks for all the calls and emails keep em coming
My aunt lives a truly charmed life. RT : Antlers!
There he is, missed the wide open one inside of 30 seconds. time to miss 2 at the line.
The new website looks fantastic! The network diagram is really cool.
well thank you, sir
RT "Hey , let's make a video while you are in okc, yeah?"
Nice walk. I better get used to it.
I have a HUGE list of people to thank for Discovery #NASASocial, but must sleep now. Will try again this wknd. Meanwhile, know you rock! :)
After Hours Blog : Theater Review: The Book Club Play
first show in 2.5 years tonight...nervous much
Speaker thinks anti-kickback laws are anti-capitalist. Huh.... O_o
Enjoy! I'm enjoying my 15 myself.
spring: when the new cold was the old warm
cool, man. thanks! will do. where's that interview we did? online?
huevos con papas at buffalo grille - perfect way to start a sunday
Tom Hanks might just be my favorite narrator.
To the wall...
I dyed my hair 2 weeks ago and my friends are noticing it right now lol
Ha, nope, just saw your screen cap. Still, I'm doubtful that it'd work on me; I've done my Limbaugh time!
hello toots! hope your weather is as nice as it is here.
well yeah. That's what happens when some jerks in congress hold Stafford loans hostage.
don't make plans Saturday!
Look such a state, it's actually hilarious as I couldn't give a flying fuck :').
derpin' around, you know us ;)
School go away I want to sleep in :/
Duke doesn't deserve to be a 1 seed
Tweet tweet, tweet tweet...
so glad you hopped on board.
Dude what's with some of these girls? there all so needy!! I mean get you own fuckin dinner i'm not coming over to serve your ass
Ktown til I lay down... bet it up or don't play at all..
Don't u hate when ex's say all this stuff about a relationship that she WASN'T doin? Like ... STFU
.., But it was a cute outfit
Every girl is capable of murder if you hurt her.
Get Him To The Greek is by far the funniest movie I have seen in a long time! Go see it when it comes out!
When you're single and in your 20s, you throw on a pair of jeans and look fabulous. ~Sheena Easton
Sounds like a plan hit me up asap 9104947955
OK so I'm at the library and there is just too much koo-koo to not talk about. There's homeless guy with 3 broken laptops quoting The Matrix
I saw Al Jaffee speak the other night in Philly, he said all rights to Superman were sold by Siegel/Shuster for $65. ;(
Hmm about to go workout, or should I? Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway.
You hardly see homeless black people, well atleast I don't. I've ran across alot of ones who don't want sh*t out of life though.
If I change the world for you I bet you wouldn't have a clue <3 #Iwant to love me too haha <3
I know, I know - it's been crazy. We're overdue for a Lazy Dog rendezvous.
Today was the perfect Sunday... Bagels , Adventuring, organizing, Italians, sun, relaxation, cookout... What more could I want ?
Its amazing what a week away from technology will do.
you are most welcome :)
Just wrapped an exciting meeting w/ the Ojai Music Festival peeps!
Upset with the loss yesterday but the CATS will be better for it !!! LOVE THE BIG BLUE !!!!!
I love and person of interest
U.S. Stocks pared gains final trading hour; still kicked off May 1th on a positive note. Dow finishing best closing high since December 2007
The only people who truly know your story are the ones that helped you write it.
You know I dream in colors, and do the things I want
what u think about yuni b now
Woke up this morning and emptied out my Google Reader of post from last year. Just too many to catch up on.
NYC passed Zone Green, amendments that will remove zoning impediments from measures that will make buildings more environmentally friendly
Hi Zan! :) ur one of my inspirations i would love for u to follow me :) a total dream come true if that happend :) #ILOVEYOU !!:)
You make me smile <U+E327><U+E056>
At the stupid dentist office. Fml
He tweeted he made a keek tellin his fans to come so I went I didnt expect to be in the photoshoot with him it was a shock
Neva have i ever met such an actin character like dis bitch eva n my life...
: Austin is like that person in college that you both loved to hang with and knew that you would never be one percent as cool as.”
Close enought to hurt me
my AT&T service is terrible at the AT&T center.....
hey ha u followin mug friend
Apps that connect/replace med devices may be subject to regulation or review by FDA.
Just a reminder that the SBDC consultants are unavailable for appointments this week. If you would like a future appointment, call Cathy...
what kind of tracks
Good news: My new driver's license picture looks only slightly creepier than my old driver's license picture.
lol idk... I guess. It's quiet when I drop her off... LOL
- Santorum and Sixx on same show. That a regular heaven n' hell tour. Way to go Piers!
RT : Rule of thumb, theaters: If you've begun rehearsals, you should have sent out press releases.
For today being mothers day, my mom is sure inna bitchy mood can't stand her right now. Hope that her mood changes.
making rainbow cupcakes for my friends bday............. Hopefully they come out good
TRAFFIC: Crash - Odana Rd in front of Smart Toyota. (Near Tokay Blvd.)
Taking a break when working out can be important, don't push so hard that your body will give out during your next exercise
Why not Randi?
no goodmorning text!
hahaha damn nigga. Bout time you started speakin tha truth Lmao i'm proud of you. Good job haha
oh! I'm going to be out of town for most of that day but I'll definitely see what I can do :)
Primary Callers having a mini dance party to get everyone energized and ready to have a great night of calling!!
I've heard leprachuans live on the east coast...jewish leprachauns. Is that true, Joshie?
Looks like you just used it!
It was really light like that when I was younger. And why don't you do it?!
speaking from experience, YES
Yep lonngggggg day ahead of me today.
That's a very good point. I look more often at the professional posts of people who post random personal stuff too.
Ok. I lost the email. Can u DM me your email and I will get back to u quickly
RT : Happy September & Happy National Library Card Sign-Up Month! The smartest CARD in your wallet– FREE @ your local library
Stand up to Monsato, no more GMO corn or alfalfa! Almost all corn is GMO, helps stop this!
what's the story with your comfort guarantee?
would love to. I'm around all day.
Happy no pizza at #DevIgnition. Hopefully some sandwiches with no cheese
I feel awful for Robin. Mono is so cruel to this sport.
Heading to the #Apple Store to see if they can replace my charger that isn't working ;o(
romney comes from polygamous family, yet says "Marriage is between ONE man & ONE woman"...Doesn't that mean HIS ancestors were NOT married??
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only $3! The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
*You are what you eat*....Hmm, That's funny...I don't remember eating a bowl of sexy lately.
Thank you to all who came out to support School 33. A special thanks to the artists who donated their work.
So glad my street isn't flooded!!!!!!
since you're offering...I'll take a box of thin mints :)
Win Cash &amp; Books! Twitter Party May 8-&gt; 8 p.m. EST Follow #UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
ok, sounds good.
Thank you for the hospitality and dinner with Much appreciated!
what up tonight
Welcome back, everyone! VIRGO is new, the Hive is new, and our group study room is new... but we're still here to help, just like always!
most of the time I laugh at your tweets, but there are moments that I'm just like dafuq. this is one of those moments.
STOP LYINNNNNNN KID
bleeh. sitting in health. super bored . someone should talk to me.
I agree, esp w/ copyright lawsuits happening. Life is great, so much is happening! We need to catch up, r u visiting LA soon?
we all have our up and down days. It gets better.
Went to the dentist today... :/
My dad left me so I promise to never repeat him never repeat him...
would be a great hire coming of his NCAA Tournaments stuff..they need big help in that conference, borderline mid-major right now
excited to head to the bay area for my b-day.
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Open Source Bridge con is over. Lots of smart people, interesting sessions, and creative ideas! Now for dinner and to pack for the trip hom…
did I leave a sweatshirt in your class?
Only on the main line can you pay at a gas station with a $100 bill and they don't check if its fake.
hey twitter let me tell yall a stoty
Sprint"s data network crashes the same week Verizon releases the storm!!! I am not happy! More a reason I may have to switch!
seriously thinking about writing a fanfic.
This letter is for someone who just missed states last year! He didn't? Oh, must have been the other one.
Pretty sure I'd be a genius if I hadn't killed off so many brain cells with my daily brain freezes.
I could comfortably live in a room this big and this cheap until my late 20s. That's the difference between us. I got the dirt cheap gene.
Congrats on the Grand Opening this weekend ! Dan will be there sampling Sat 5/12 from 6 - 9pm!
aye no I don't lol see how mean you are lol
NFL draft turns into deal-a-thon with teams swapping 1st-round picks at every turn - Washington Post
I don't always shoot threes.... but when I do, they are game winners. The most LINteresting man in the world.
hey sweet tea we don't care,we'll continue to annoy you anyway.
"...Hope in God, for I will yet praise Him, The help of my countenance and my God." ps 42:11
Thanks for shaing the link!
Lola!!! Yea, I'm in love with her too ;)
Oh I'll show you I can spice it up! :p
At work and my ears still have that womp womp buzz crackle from last nights Moombahton Massive. Truly Epic. Thanks
Good luck today! We still feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to be in your audience!
I miss you to <U+2665> i havent talked to you in forever. ):
All of them?
I can't find my damn backpack
Just arrived at #motionball2012 to set up the charity gallery! It's gonna be epic.
I bet those figurines attached to your dashboard are your only friends. <U+2702><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Very Embarrasiing Confession: as a woman of a certain age and shape, I have been pondering Debra Messing's wardrobe w/interest.
i wanna rest. Bye
“It was a magnificent trip, through a barely touched wilderness, with daily performances by bears, moose and caribou”
My roommate is a robot...don't ask how I know...
Thank U all very much for the follow! Looking forward to your tweets! :-)
r u gonna post them :)
At the AT&T warranty/support office. Weird place. Weird people waiting.
Trade 6 hrs of volunteering for & get a pass to the music fest on May 11-12 in return. Email to sign up!
I need to take my vitamins P:
I want one
excellent! Post a link when it's published!
I guess it was back in the 90's before frappuccinos. Flipping a cup @ bar meant decaf and logo forward meant cappuccino
you can't even punch lol :P
unfortunately don't have quite the contract has...im back after thanksgiving.
You know, they say that slamming and breaking things is not solving anything, but it makes you feel better, for the moment. lol
First step from curing an addiction, Admitting you have a problem hahaha jk love you XP
Yea I'm still up..tired den a mf
Thought I had something clever to say but...no..I'm like a timeline speedbump
you think kevin car for the daytona 500 is better than the shootout car?
Best news we've heard all day! ----->RT : I'm coming to see you today!! =)
Reading pet peeve: Nonfiction picture books for children without bibliography, sources. Please tell us about your research!
Chicago tonight with my college roommates.... Off the road tomorrow.... leggggoooo
MT : media Chicago ONLY reports violence!!! They see it's ongoing issue but YET to propose a viable solution! SALARIED INSTIGATORS
so how is my painting coming along?
Follow your twitter nose
I ain't even gonna comment on the Heat today. I have no words
At #WGI PIW finals. Some great groups so far and it's only gonna get better
Boys With Bright Smiles
Trying to figure out how to make National History Day part of our world history curriculum. Does anyone have experience?
Abusive words..can last a lifetime...Abusive words can kill a child's confidence all their lives...Abusive words leave lasting scars...
No <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>! “: Ugh. Democratic convention in NC. UGH.”
Where is all this heat in #Portland coming from? I was just starting to get mentally prepared for the crispy days of fall...
sounds exactly like something I would do!!
::sigh:: so exhausted :(
Asked dude @ Sprts Authrty where fanny packs R. Oh man, his face. Ddnt explain it's 4 running, or that they're back in, or that I'm awesome.
RT : Still passing out flyers and talking to voters. Come in and vote!
do you know what we do with the beeds:D
Can't wait to see it :). You make me throb.....
Haha! Ben picking Courtney. I'm kind of glad he did tho. I think the other girls were too good for Ben. Especially the Aggie!!
Peter Jackson Responds to Criticism Towards The Hobbit and 48 FPS Projection
If rental yields are good, why not?
aren't you the reigning champion?
I dont understand why media is up in arms over the UK/IU game. Cal owes us this game?I think most couldnt care less if we ever play IU again
he's on the 36th floor(; I just don't know what building..:p
wobble de wobble de wob wobble wobble. sta staking my paper my wallet look like a bible.
Nice! RT : just the good old fashioned, house smoked... now oven roasting chicken from your shop in the bacon fat!
IM a sneaky ninja !
Wow just saw on the news a couple killed their 2nd baby by sleeping with them in bed...how you let that Shit happen a 2nd time
Yea homie got it.I'm not sure how to use this myself.Lol!Yea man everything is great!I'll give you a call.Need to talk to you.
Welcome to The Tribe, Francisco Lindor. 17 yr old switch hitting SS. Should be a vacuum on D w/ a nice offensive game to boot.
this office smells like bagels. i thought that would be a good thing, but after two days i'm not so sure.
alt-music took off, commercially, in the 90s. During the 80s, alt just wasn't getting press or hitting mainstream radio
So stressed
I have been around. Just getting ready for the playoff games tonight.
Just had some kumquats! I'm energized.
Copper Whale Inn is the hidden treasure of downtown Anchorage. Good rooms, great people, solid rooms.
RT Is there something I shouldn't say when am at Allen FieldHouse? (yes, don't say go K-State!)
Watched a documentary on World Class last night. Soon as I get outta bed I'm gonna have to pour a little o my 40 out for the Von Erich boys.
Somebody nees to shoot dis son of a bitch
i was fluent when i was little, but lost every bit of it when i had no one to speak it with
Im gonna sleep the whole day on saturday!!!
Today in 1986, Take My Breath Away (Berlin) was a hit.
I hate everybody...and you're next.
If you ain't working as hard as me...then we don't belong in the same room.
We have the right to withhold #RTTT $ if states don't follow through says - People are watching
lol I hate it
About to easy more cereal and call it a night
I am sad for my bestie she said goodbye to her dog today after 10 years of love and affection and LOYALTY! RIP Tater
Love dinner time
Watching a movie chillin
holy fuck its already 8. i thought it was like 5. the fuck.
That's how they do it down south. My Granny is always "Ms. Zelma."
Jiri just discovered the first archaean ever recorded on human skin, we think, in a guy's bellybutton. Go team.
lol check what I just posted on fbook hahaha
not at all. :) I was interested to know.
Good grief!
Birds chirping. Time to sleep.
Not Cleveland is my guess ha
Oh my gosh. That's horrible. Winter seems to be getting shorter every year.
Robert Duvall just gave me such a GENEROUS endorsement for my book cover--it really made me feel wonderful.
Happy Monday (just kidding). Sunny & warmer at the beaches - 75 expected. Muggy inland - 80s - chance of mountains storms later.
People have been leaving Wisconsin since Scott Walker took office. Wait until he wins easily on June 5th. This State is run by a Dictator.
Are you making me cry so I shed the tears you couldn't
Curious who won the PC versus Mac donation debate? Mac! $92.75 to $59. Next up? iOS versus Android!
Your dreams of becoming a townie have finally been realized!
Saying sorry doesn’t mean there isn’t guilt and forgiving doesn’t mean the pain is gone.
ben shouldn't have to explain himself, but maybe they'll shut up now.
RT : Jets are after Tim Tebow because of Rex Ryan. Remember, Ryan needed paramedic care after Tebow's 95 1/2-yard drive.
Happy to have seen the Beastie Boys perform in NOLA, with Sonic Youth and the Pixies opening. MCA, RIP.
aw. just met my new nephew, Bryson Gael. how adorable. but he def looks mexican mexican. not white mexican like me. haha.
Hopped up on coffee & 80's music blasting.
Absolutely gorgeous morning out here at Naval Air Station Coronado. Rready for my1st Hornet F18 flight. Yikes, what was I thinking!
Adam Levine of Maroon 5 spotted in #DC today
Met wrestler Sean Michaels this morning on set. Threw me back in time to when I would play WWF on Nintendo w my cousin.
Well, this is 1967 before he was "John Barry." Also, Baraka was most well-known as a music critic/writer (& poet) before Dutchman.
Wow, thank you for your words. I've been wondering what IS UP w/ my Vikes! Love u all, but it is GO or NO time! SKOL!!!
Ah, got all the updates installed on my Mac. Feeling virtuous!
In NYC with Had breakfast with the amazing Sandy Kenyon of ABC. great stories & personality. Going shipping now!
the Moabite, you must also acquire the wife of the deceased,-b so as to perpetuate the name of the deceased upon his estate.” #Torah 81/99
nope me nor brownie
RT #uloveit RT : I cannot walk past the hiking part of a sporting good store thanks to Kili and
I hate you #ESPN! Stuck watch #RedSux. Boston-Loving Bean Eaters! #GoYankees!
My dog is @ the vet. He has to be put under to have a split nail removed. My poor buddy can't catch a break.
Less distinction between for profit and not for profit in the social world.
Quiz tests knowledge of Alzheimer's: Alzheimer's is a natural stage of aging — (a) true, all seniors eventually get Alzheimer's; (b) ...
Thank you for the kind RTs & MTs - appreciated!
it's 12.25am, I should go to bed.
You don't want to come at me, you enjoy the outcome. If you start it you better be ready to finish it...
hey tonsil jockey
getting excited!
the crowning was spectacular I think they all deserve to win love
Im riding the pony express, don't worry the pony is not u its that fat dude that was dancing at the game
Watchin tom nd calvin cut my grass
Flipboard is flippin awesome, imagine a magazine with all you are interested in and new things you now know you are interested in...
the slate if we work it out. But what if the person is not there or not aware?
First night sleeping with hair extensions... Ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
American Idol - Philip Philips is KILLING IT!!! Love you!!!
I am half way through the week. I can't wait for Friday.
I'm one hilarious little one. YESSIIRR! Lol Vinny, were normal, really.
Ridin round my city & I got that Calculater
yay! Well done!
Nice to meet you at the #dfwseo meetup. Please add me to the tweepml
Belizean decent, native New Yorker, adopted Puerto Rican (wink) transplant Californian and well travelled. #multi-cultured. Happy! My life!
Also, the 99 percent is not all the same! Tons of important differences that get lost in the statement, "We are all equal."
#AskNathan are you excited to come back to New York? I know i am ;) <3
You get your braces off #TODAY !!!!! :D You should wear your puka necklace(; #MahomieMemories <33 ARE YOU EXCITED??!?!?!?
young$ has poor effort. Monta is fast and gives max effort. This douche Oracle MC has nothin on
I don't think the Secret Service were securing hookers just for themselves. At least one of the 21 hookers may have been for BHookerO!!
“: great album with the Mads Vinding trio!” thanks again. I agree!
RT : in reorg'ing our freezers, I see we need to incorporate green chile into every meal we make over next 3 months
#Poet Billy Collins Happening at 3:30pm.
I'm generally 2 edgy for it. More reasons why I can't do without my many alter ego friends who actually do it.
:) God could love ZILLIONS!
It was fun watching zip line today! Love seeing him have fun in Indy. Thanks for being such a fun and carefree guy!
RT : You should never depend on others to complete you, you should complete yourself that way you will never be disappointed!
Yeah. Please let this man get mental help cause lawdd he's crazy!
I had a bomb night last night!!!
“: laying down on the dance floor with we are really hard party people. #woo” you know it!
Yeah buddy!!!! RT : Can't wait for AGT tonight!
Good. “: Yemeni officials say top al-Qaida militant killed in airstrike in the south - ”
Character profiles from CONTRA COMMAND up on blog = 1st time debuting publicly. Will be hyper-linked in E-Book intro.
Where in Sweden? Min familj är från Hudiksvall & Stockholm >RT all Swedish!!! Born and raised but live in America now!! :)
last night was insane. had a great crowd of people over getting down with Naughty and Crooked. THAT WAS AWESOME
M I'm thinking funny, although i could go either way.
I was spared by 12:36pm! Could it have been the rolling on the floor and screaming "where's my yellow submarine?!" that did it?!
Lets be real.. I'll probably end up marrying I've never dated a dude that I love more than him.
I'm so over the shit people do . Just leave me the fuck alone like seriously . Like damn . Fuck you stupid bitch !
Umm so Sublime is my shit right now
I do enjoy your photos...
Linda's new dressing room is working out nicely -- a little privacy nook next to Clark's office -- no peeking ;)
Legler on ESPN: " I've fallen in love with the Indiana Pacers the past couple months I see the next series going game 6 or even 7."
I think a part of writing across the curriculum is intended to help student learn to write in ways appropriate for each discipline.
“: #Pisces hate to be told what to do.” Yes, this is so true!!!
I thought I was alone in that sentiment. I would take Floyd over Blackmon any day of the week.
Rule #76: No excuses; play like a champion. -Wedding Crashers
After a grueling online waiting game, I scored tix to Kraftwerk's historic MoMA shows in April for Trans-Europe Express night. Such a treat!
nm u just being a loser you?
RT Sigh. Rest in Peace, OV-104. MT : Space Shuttle Atlantis powered down for the final time this morn @ 10:28am EST.
destandy, thanks for following!
Omg I was just going go tweet You Stacey to see if you are going tonight! This helped! Lol
A shirttail relative said, the day of Oakland Gen Strike, "Remember, horses can't stand on marbles."
What is up with #Baylor Bears uniforms? Holy Neon!
N'at
Time to rest the starters
Lord! Hit me on the DM..LOL. I was trying to get J. Henry out there since I missed u last wk.
Thank you as well for the new friendship and the never-ending laughter!!
The Life: Having great people in it.
Hey fans come join us at for food & drinks before and after the game..
YES so glad you can make it! Let the weekend festivities begin! Woohoo
hey sweetie how you been? :) long time no talk. What's new?
Some day I want to own my own business and sell BUTT SCRATCHES. I will be rich
*Commercial break*
Girl, I know you like it when we're body to body. If I could say myself, I do agree.
Mike good to know there are others out there that can not put their iPad down. It's like I birthed a son.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you run into your principal at Home Depot
dead coons and newspapers
I hit 680!!! Can we hit 700??? Please? My goal is 1000 followers! Keep up the good work!
We like them too! RT : Bluefin tuna from Spain this Fri & Sat Yum. Must have with best lychee martinis in town!
Mostly getting more folks to walk through the fancy designs we cut into to it ;)
did u get any messages from dylan yet?),: i miss him...he probablly never liked me...</3 but im posative he loves u<3
Hehe. There's an A Capella genre station on Pandora. Can't stop thinking of Andy Bernard.
I got paul pierce on mine already
Hawks funeral started. Lots of work to be done this offseason. Need 2nd Ctr, scoring wing, solid D-man & maybe a Goalie. That's All. UGH.
On Set. Fred Sr. and Mrs. Fred Sr. are dropping in to clean house. ;)
I'm not threatened. PLEASE LIKE ME, BRE!!!
game on!
Found you! LoL!
new shit again
We thought that would be the first one guessed. Shows what we know. Enjoy the festival. New contest tomorrow.
: I was a close third to and on that evening lol.
Ctfu!! "Are those some new shoes?" -D-Wade
I definitely will :) I hope our ISCA family is just as amazing next semester so we can hangout often!!
ah. Young Baumann, the competition continues.
Thank you for the warm welcome.
was at planet fitness today and I wonder if i missed the sign that said having a tattoo was a prerequisite for membership
I gave the people of District 77 the drunkest years of my life! Only to have an opponent half my age and half my bra size run against me!
ok, I'll mention that. Does training need to be on-going? What specifically do you need? I'm thinking the smart oars convo.
Watching more commercials than basketball at the end of the Kansas game is annoying!
Came back from lunch, and now snow is falling on the Row - It's a wintry Friday in Nashville :) - LA
You still have time to enjoy one of the many beverage specials Lavazza Premium Espression has to offer through Feb 29!
WOW is all I can say! #CS6 #CreativeCloud Amazed how a team build these products and platform! Kudos to the Digital Media Team!
Expired cliff bars, I throw you out knowing you will feed some future civilization's dependence on petroleum.
It's halftime & #SportingKC leads 1-0 thanks to a goal from , assisted by Bobby Convey.
follow back babygirl
Thanks Jimmy, great to see you too! Happy New Year! :)
CD101fm Music Meeting Freelance Whales “Hannah” Dreammy maybe little too pretty
Are people forgetting that 1D got shirtless in America as well? I mean, hello, poolside photos!
#followfriday great source for pop punk news!
Waiting a few minutes before replying to a text, to not seem desperate.
Wendy's would be hella great right now!
How many contacts did the puppy make?
haha me too. I'll still be at work.
Thanks for sharing! Have a great weekend!
Christopher Hitchens leads Orwell Prize longlist: The late Christopher Hitchens is one of 18 authors selected fo..
heading out for a swim in the gulf
i am such a bad influence. but hey, at least i admit it right?
my computer DID cough up blood, and fried its harddrive from that lol. Back that shit UP.
Catch up with all in the morning sleep for now.
you got that right
HBK vs Bret Hart Iron man match for the classic WWE title!
Have a great evening <3 I may be selling a few more pix for charity :) Email me for details ;D
Lacing up my running shoes and heading out for a run...
Jr sleep so having a few beers.
I Lost one of my best friends to a song called how to save a life by the journey !. R.I.P I miss u so much !. Before u pasted away u said
Imma be seeing a bunch of Prom photos when i wake up tomorrow (':
yes! You deserve to be proud. :)
Houston for now. NOLA Friday morning. Can not wait to get back!
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
Good morning beautiful people!
hang in there! It will get better. Go for the gold medal!
#FUTA pays 1/2 of extended #unemployment benefits during high unemployment & provides funds which states may borrow to pay unemployment.
I'm watching too. It's a classic!
Finished class notes early, now for all that other work ;) Lists from scratch all the way to functors in one lecture, we'll see how it goes
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all, and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I gotta C.R.U.S.H. on you, I love me some you : )
Feeling good and living better!
Quad box in the Zone
Responded to VACATE @ 140 Van Pelt Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10303 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Too hype for this Pacer game.
Few things in the world are worse than taking a dump in a small bathroom that someone else recently took their own dump in.
I use the program winter on a pc. Rar files are another zip format. Most programs that can unzip zip files can unzip rar files.
Sorry I missed you today. Make sure we meet up tomorrow!
Thanks, we really appreciate the tweet. Happy Friday! RT : U have the most convivial #HappyHour in San Diego. Cheers!
Better get to sleep. I have so many friends to see tomorrow
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat? ~ Tom Snyder
I could be a model;D
This first-time mom-to-be is in awe of you, and cheering you on!
I need a hint
I like that hashtag
you listen to some weird music. lol
ADR on Wed. Then the mix. Heading down the home stretch. Then the real work of getting our trust-no-one movie out there begins.
March Madness guide for women on after the game. If I'm a woman and I'm watching the game, am I doing it wrong?
it was close though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
lol omg I can picture you screaming after that part. Omg. Loll.
Where did you golf this weekend?
#audition tomorrow- had/have more auditions this past week/this week than i've had... my life! I need a #helicopter!
I like the syntax too. When 1st starting the line-endings are tricky for folks not running Flymake. Tooling problem?
Awesome event!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Harden read that shit easily
I really wish is could tho. :(
I know :D
Bang Bang Bang Bang, Vamanos Vamanos
thanks for the #FF :)
i just wanna sing everything today.
I, for one, am glad of the name change. That Darth_Dust shit was silly. Next, get rid of the damn underscore.
wait what?! Where did you hear this from?
Shit last hour done slowed down
So, maybe we SHOULD go ahead and sign Tejada to play third. Can't hurt.
Long weekend ahead of us, what are your plans?
You're the best Dani!! ;)
Time to change my pic eh? Wasnt our year anyway next year is the year, i say 50 wins
RT : "One of the key lessons I learned was how to listen." -
Thank you for your support Dave!
We need Cougars for our video shoot in April. Wonder if is available?
now that I'm reading the Game of Thrones series, I'm finding the show to be abs. boring
Comment the new pics&I'll return the favor. He made my day!(:
wow that look delicious... one thing ive noticed about u is that u always eat very well haha I need to be where ur at lmao!
": "Rollin with the homies" #nowwatchin "Clueless"" I love that movie (:
Someone be exciting
Maybe should come up with his own submission move ?!? Call it the mousecatcher ! Meowww !
Who's ready for some and Architecture action? First 3 to respond gets in free +1 for show! (cc: )
Good app ideas. Thanks!
i love imdb. cool glad that speeded it up a bit. if u ever want a superfast pc ill have to convert u to a linux user B-)
I'm getting old and settled I need a hobby! hehehe
“: OMG She's PERSONALLY following the next 50 people that FOLLOW her! <U+25AC><U+25AC><U+25B6> "”. Ok Following 101. Followers 665.1k
thanks for that follow friend!
Largest gathering of bikers in the 31 year history! thanks ABATE bikers!
I love my white friends!!!
You say you hate drama and you don't want it in your life yet you're the ones causing it! #growup!
all ministerial & priest candidates must be very closely scrutinized to eliminate predators
your definition of 'snarky' means 'thoughtful and inclusive', correct?
RIP Dick Clark :(
no fuck you
that's what Shelly told me..
Great Times! The conversation grew! WOW! What a neat guy.
Tonight I'm seeing Billy Elliott with a 70% chance of Singing in the Rain
So incredibly excited!
that's it. last load of laundry done! goodnight all!
... Look for him to land in Miami
Araceli & her equestrian team getting ready to perform on with Ruben for a preview of tonight's Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo...
Its over...Blazers Win! 100-89 over Bulls
He jumped over .300 for a few games. It's a contract year.
Finally, Stanley Cup champs again!! Congrats !!
#FF Have a great weekend!
i love going to sleep, because i know that when i wake up it'll be one day closer to graduation ! thank the lord !
In a perfect world, McDonald's makes breakfast 24/7.
#nw Jumping The Broom.
Our Thoughts and Prayers are with the Community of Chardon.
Can't wait!
Cruel Summer by Bananarama is stuck in my head. Fuck.
Im feeling like a proud papa, my girls did great on there first go see! And they are super excited. Empowering Youth Through Fashion
ahaha awe thanks :)
you must host an active game to set pars (DG8sa-ir)
I despise t mobile your service sucks so bad.One more month and im done,outta here after 7 years as a customer.I cant call anyone
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-39 NB MM 134. SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER. NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
So, if you were a Borders shopper, where will you turn now? Amazon? Barnes & Noble? Your local library?
Sadly, no Friday. Hes now at hilarities. Go see him....but Saturday! Hang w us on Friday night. Drink lots
Look forward to seeing your first submissions
Don't write poetry if you're not a poet.
like get a life
Interviewer: And how did that make you feel? Harry:*smiling*..Sad.. Zayn: HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
SWEAT IT OUT.
Do you need graduation clothes? We have everything you need to look your best when celebrating with your family
Wants to go down to the waterfall tomorrow!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ya I always follow people back!(:
meat? heathen. LUTEFISK
Wizards... come on. Just stop already. Just stop.
I only fuck wit them nigga
"My eye goes right to 'baby tuckoo'." Lindsay: "I like 'moocow.'"
For future reference, falling down the steps is a really bad way to start the day.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
I think it's time to bring in Matt Flynn
Summeritis is a female dog.
I got the hungries for your love, and I'm waitin' in your welfare line.
And the defensive battle continues.
happy Easter to you too.... and no eggs .
The only "Hairspray" movie I acknowledge.
Waiter gave us free dessert- very nice! Gave the table next 2 us free dessert 2- one of them turned it away, wanted fruit instead
I have..to be honest, I thought it was a bit clumsy
My day was good too. :)
Cards on the bubble ? Should be, name their best wins. Soft non conf schedule, only beat losers in conference?
There's no way! You don't seem like a shy guy! :) x
Repatriation is an act of letting go.
my number aint changed you said you txtd me i dont got no numbers so yu gon have to call me when yu out here
Think you're a pinball wizard? Check out #PTL this morning to see how you can compete in Pinburgh's pinball tournament this weekend!
hey boo
« Excited to see the new schedule tonight»
Greetings, ! I'm interested in covering the HispanicPro 5 de Mayo event tomorrow for La Prensa USA, will you be around? Saludos!
Grown ass people still get upset when they don't get gifts? People are so childish but swear they're an adult.
Craving blueberry iced coffee from DD
RT : Love your enemies and pray for your persecutors - Matthew 5:44 (please follow)
very cool. Focused on power dynamics within foundations, between fdns & grantees or other?
Stros game tonight with the fam
Me too! :) RT : Every time puts little Z to bed, I miss her tiny smile. Her personality is really starting to show.
RT : Bout to wreck shop on
where yo mama at ? ( smokey voice )
hey man keep your head up. id love to see you in the field for a playoff push.
Josh Beckett will now retreat to the visitors clubhouse to turn back into Bruce Banner.
What do I have to do or say to get a follow back from you?
Haha I love tonight's Glee! This is hilarious!
#ROC #Outside is just launching, but if you lock in your ad before 2012 we'll make it worth your while... Hit us up!
I have to many insecurities about my self
I won a bet last night about how to pronounce your last name.
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you are an 8th grader or below. . .
Im still gone to see the video
chico here from sundance 2010 trying to reach you to discuss screening teenage paparazzo at umass boston in the fall
Connecting athletes to other local athletes. Just getting started!
That awkward moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
30 Rock, hands down! It's off-beat & hilarious!
He Just Got On My Nerves. I'm Not Fucking Wit Yu For The Rest Of The Night.
If I had a billion dollars I'd buy a brewery and turn the whole damn planet into alcoholics
Atleast I know some followers would notice...
What kind of jobs are #college #students looking for these days?
You sound tough...
Power just went out here at LC for a brief moment. Lost my faculty agenda for Wednesday, but it won't take too much time to recreate.
Boo. So sad that image got cut from #openlab as well.
Nah, Barney, when we come for your bluesteel penis extension, we're bringing tanks and armored cars. Got any of those, JimBob?
There's nothing gays can do to marriage that Elizabeth Taylor hasn't already.
"I like sweet things, that's why I like you." Good line honey!
The U-district is honestly the only part of Seattle I *really* enjoy.
this is absolutely beautiful. It feels like the book, dreamy but vivid. And for once, not dreading a book-turned-movie
love ur tweet
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP]
what??? “: I wanna s back door sluts 9”
Help is on the way- Rise Against
So happy to know that has come back home. I' m a free Bitch, Babe!!
Agreed, I'm flying in just for Tuesday's game!!
#hirefriday Cbeyond•outside sales rep:base+commission-benefits-gas allowance #Atlanta #Boston #DC for info email
I can connect you with our Chicano/Latino subject librarian if you're interested.
I did..I'm actually following him right now! Thanks, my favorite show is Dexter and I think I would be great in it hoping soon
Checkout the sickest clothing on the west coast. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Started scoring another short film last week, but it's off to E3 today!
marvel pearl
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
That's fine. I'm upgrading to a king when I get home. Gotta go full spread. Happy early Cinco, by the way.
LOVE IT. And him.
I DON'T K OW IF THIS NIGGA RIGHT NEXT TO ME DOING SIGN LANGUAGE OR COOKIN, ALL I SEE IS HAND MOVEMENTS ON THE CORNER OF MY EYE
Because we just realized we were better. I turned down USC. They got turned down by UCLA.
Remember to pay it forward today.
Last call 1:45 Union Station
RT : We celebrate our 4 year anniversary this month! Thank You, LORD, for bringing us this far! <<< Congrats! ^Carel
I miss you being here at the third ward!!!!!!!! :(
i'll be over in 10 minutes
RT Hanging at Nice. ;) does a fab job on the #cocktail menu.
I missed the screenings, like a dummy, so I might have to actually pay for this one!
My theory on hating Donny Marshall continues .He said Rondo didnt make a mistake at end of game.DMarsh dribbled into the corner alot im sure
“: Oh you corrected my grammar again. Tell me more about your social life.”
John David wrote that while teaching me how to tweet! We do love you...but I don't want to be the creepy new twitterer!
if you say so ..
Thank you for following me back and AMEN! <3<3<3
Have a good workout. See you later tonight!
Because gumroad would take 30% of the $1 price. Just seems like it's geared toward prices a bit higher.
Nah nigga...I like dat quiet money!!
just say it, the thing your were said I knew in the beginning.
I am really wondering what all this Tweeting is about...
So fucking jittery.
as if we've never hung out before lol
Learn and use simple table manners. Good manners make you look polished and poised and help you concentrate on the conversation.
Pretty sure that name has been deprecated but who really knows!
Dear Women, "All men are sexist pigs" is something only a sexist pig would say. Thanks, Brent
i got 476 pts on kid biz
Dirk is such a pussy, i wish perk beat his nazi ass
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
In 14 years (at age 30) I want to have 1 million dollars :)
Overheard in class 2day: "Facebook is for people who still care about people, man. I don't give a shit. That's why I tweet." Fair enough.
Midway through Bruins/Caps and the Caps have a whopping 5 shots...total. No shots in the second period.
Wow, that's NICE!
Nope - I traditionally file the weekend before.... #oneofthosepeople #myaccountantfriendshateme lol
Sure! Followed(:
you went in on cuz Ega beat Michael Jordan
Congrats! Mr. Link.
Jim Tressel resigns from Ohio State. What will become of that program.
Thank you for the extra 7.6 minutes of life! ... I'm not sure that came out right.
die. #die off with his head
dropped my hair dryer on my foot and now there's a lovely little bruise forming. brilliant.... at least my hair is dry and silky!
Writing that sounds forced will cause a breakdown of communication between the writer & the reader. Readers can sense game even in fiction.
sure! just found out likes four year strong. i've been downloading them all day. co-winkie-dink for sure!
Gee, thanks! Great meeting you and in Person. re: paper. Y'mean on semiotic-based analysis of game-play?
Or the three point line. We both know he can do it. :P
My pic is from when I am like 5.
It's all about leadership and shared vision.
Hey Spurs-Jazz, 1994 called. They want their playoffs back.
I think most women know Oprah's famous line...all my life I had to fight.
That sounds good right now, doesn't it! We support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation with our bracelets.
New curation - adding value by linking works.
Billy went out to get groceries. I hope he is back before the Gremlins destroy the house!
<3 "We are not held back by the love we didn’t receive in the past, but by the love we’re not extending in the present."
Okay, I want to be Jessica Lange OR Helen Mirren when I grow up.
#DrunkPresidents George Herbert I-can-barely-Walker Bush
Hitting up Las Vegas this weekend; and I'm, NOT packed, my room is NOT clean, and I have NO clue what to wear. //:
omg I can't wait... I'll sneak you in my suitcase lol
I think you need to trademark that Stitch-N-Bitch name ... LOLing over here :)
Ford is an acronym for First On Race Day!
Very true ^^
I'd love to meet Jennifer. Who knows, someday!?
HaHa it's ok. It gave me a good laugh.
SAN FRAN IT IS!!!
Stop fouling so we can watch da MVP ball!
Unenployed, dirty and weird, but I'm still your daughters best option!
un, don't most obituaries primarily quote people who were influenced by the dude, not their rhetorical opponents?
A raven is nothing like a writing desk! Not at all!!! My suggestion is Mr. Carroll seek the advice of doctor or simply be locked up! - Trog
#BandsILove Led Zeppelin! I kno i know.
coworker things Ganim pulitzer is BS because the story fell in her lap -- ergo she didnt do any hard work. Help me school...
NO WE DONT HAVE MUCH TIME IM PANICKING IVE GOT SO MUCH TO DO IN SO LITTLE TIME AND IM GONNA BE SO OLD
i miss you chica!
I will definitely see the Life of Pi movie, but I hope they do the story justice. I loved the book.
Spinning tonight at the Setai for Miami Fashion Week...8pm-12am
Spoiled brats.
he is on the Nets so probably not great, but he did have a good season himself.
i was riding my bike earlier. i took the backstreets. i said "aww shit im the backstreet boys!!!!"
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she’ll always be there..,.,.,.,.,
I do not like not being close to a beach.
RT RT Check out the homie taking his followers on a very real journey right now
I got that new cordless mic so its doable. Ive never been in Starbucks tho and I wanna keep it that way
David Bell / Houston, TX / Performance Consult / Learning about technology
If you, or you know someone in the market to buy a car. I can HELP! and I'd love to .. Im really good. and
those nights where you want to sleep but your mind just races..
I was lookin thru my photos from the last yr, n almost n casi todos I'm holdin my phone. maybe i should tape my fingers down.lol
So cool - UMichigan Library has an espresso book publishing machine in its lobby!
Forgive us Seattle that was a low blow. Please come see us at the showbox @ market tonite anyway! Doors @ 8pms!
Ah, making progress. The weight scale is going in the right direction. Love it. keep it coming. Gettin squishy-fied.
I love it. Or, "be kind, her Klout score decreased because of your assignment."
Today I free myself from the control of All failure, doubt, and fear, and I introduce success, positive thoughts, and a fearless mindset
NEW RELEASE! widgets loaded automatically. Want to recommend some widgets?
Thanks for the follow Rob
I don't think I've ever disagreed with he has brilliant arguments
A pluck just asked me for 10 cent da fuck you gone do wit 10 cent
We have officially reached the end of fashion. I just saw a pair of "cargo leggings" on a clothing website.
i know.
Ditto what you said
If I could fast forward two weeks that would be awesome.
I cant even flirt with dudes without them taking it seriously. Gosh. Dudes move too fast these days.
have u seen new cover on the mag?
:D :D :D you loves me
glad you do!
that's the kind of thing that I do...along with shameless self-promotion cc/
Whatever, I was kidding. (We're not best friends anymore?) Did you take pics of the bacteria?
Running?! Last night or this morning? Go Kellie!
wish I were there
Tom Thibodeau = #NBA Coach of the Year. Close the voting and give him the trophy now.
making plans...
I keep money like the 24/7 Boss-up
today is Cuando!!
Is today your "grand opening" for the store? How late are you guys going to be there?
I think we can all agree that "hoot" is not the sound birds make. Hashtag WHACK.
Elise is back? That was horrible!!!
Hockey withdrawals... Make me crazy
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
is a catalog in a tent... in real life! I {dream} of that place.
LMAO!!!!! Everyone is making fun of me now...
A deeper relationship with God does not take more of you it actually takes less... I must decrease so that He may increase!
They're awesome, yeah? :D
Cheer up #smash is on tv!!!!
we had a wonderful storm here in the desert yesterday and lastnight....brought us 1.5 " of rain...maybe today again??????
You must believe in yourself before anyone can believe in you
hell naw u jacking? the lil ones or big ones?
This heat wave is unbearable. Supposed to get to 73 this afternoon in Santa Monica. Let's fight through this together, America.
remember when ;c
My brother had plans so fuck him!
Crazy about my new Granddaughter, Sahai Rain Gursel. She is beautiful, healthy and adorable.
“: happy half birthday ! only 6 more months until the big 21 ahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>” spanks lovely!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Stuck in traffic on a schoolbus in downtown CBus. District Prelims & Semi-Finals. Gun up in an hour. I am Jack's utter lack of surprise.
will you be at the convention on Saturday? We'll be there in the afternoon!
Added Chronicle of Higher ed reporter to the Nicarians Twitter list. Check out her posts.
I hear talk of cities like Cleveland, Akron, Bloomington, and St Louis interested in making bids for MWUX13. Anyone else building proposals?
tennis shoes aren't meant to run in?
Movie Night Sundays!! Call to reserve a seat!!!....its free! :D
thanks girl :) Really appreciate it !
If you mean by longer school day moving to a digital curriculum available 24/7, yes. If you mean more static seat time, no.
Hi Great to be in touch with you. Thank you for the follow!
thanks for your great email, we are working on a big follow up segment on this. I'll email or Tweet you when it airs -JR
20 acres are now burning in 2 forest fires in Washington County.
lol What do you want to do for me? Wash my car? Do my grocery shopping?? Water my plants? ;-)
check out our american golf cart flags.... www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade in #ledroitpark postponed to Sunday 10/30 due to snow. Please pass on!
Pres. Obama 1st president in U.S. history to make #veteran#homelessness a priority of his administration with 5 yr. plan to end homelessness
I was out for a min...but Im back on the grind! Get Ready, the Maschine is coming!
Mangoes atop a mammoth watermelon! Me likey! Question: where does one fit a banana?
Atlanta got smashed
I'm at work too. Believe it or not.
RT : RT : We can't wait to host the Food Network's Brunch at Sea hosted by Douglas Rodriguez & Aarón Sanchez...
we already follow you! Just want some love on our music! :) and we know your middle name. lol... just #asknas lol..
have a good day foxx
Today my friend said I remind her of Harry.... Um, is that a good thing?
Noodles Mitt Romney
Last chance today! Follow & RT for a chance to win 4 free tix to SuperCroc exhibit in El Paso
Yeah, nice and shadowy.
I agree. The only way to work towards solutions is to respect one another in the way we communicate.
slacker. ( hasn't already said that, has he?)
Getting ready for bed & reading the tweets of
Still freaking out about how awesome Transformers was last night
I WOULD BUY THEM BUT THAT WOULD BE VERY WEIRD!!!
Proud of u RT back in edinburgh - survived the thirteen miles. would u believe me if i told u it was really fun? next up: glasgow
RT : toaster waffle, whipped cream and fresh berries. coffee. must have coffee. :) and maple syrup!
At Comet PingPong and the pizza is flowing like water falls! WE PLAY AT 10:30!
Yes, starting today! #Constitution # R3VOLUTION
Doh, back to work today :( …Eat plenty of brisket for me. cc/
Whatup with the crown lights on the US Bank Tower? Why are they turned off?
#OTGTIPS UNTIL YOU HAVE BILL GATES MONEY, YOUR NOT BALLING, KEEP WORKING
One mixed drink done within the first hr of class.good thing I brought another one for the next hr & plan on sleeping through the final hr:)
#shrmva #hr Meissinger: execs want to know their HR folks know what is happening in their external environment. Volunteering facilitates it.
I like to listen to Taylor Swift and pretend I have a love life.
Achieved another goal - finally moved up from #2 to #1 on Google for "get a job book"! So now I'm #1 on Google AND Yahoo!
Babe said I look like baby grinch << lmao
Deja Doosh: that awkward feeling that you've been the Doosh before
Potatoes are yummy and help reduce oil in skin. We need to get some spuds this summer.
Remembering (not fondly) a partisan democrat I heard say: "The problem is that we're not partisan enough. If you're a dem, be a dem."
I'm pleased to report that my copy editor has not tried to remove my Oxford commas, which would have been a painful surgery
I know a bunch of faggots, and none of them are even homosexual.
Everybody get on VEVO and go watch the RBMS music video! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> go now!!!
Finishing phase of gromit knit pattern. Sewed leg on totally crooked. Ugh. Undo.
Giving up on foursquare until Chipotle recognizes my commitment.
Tonight we are young!
It was worth waiting an hour in the SWISS queue! Got a seat on #LX8 for Sunday.
Three days in a row without rain in Melbourne fingers crossed.
yes, she has an iphone now :-)
:-) At my g.g crib w/ the moms , auntie & some other famo' members ;-) It's crackin' boaa. I love my famo <3 TML !
Who did the rain dance?
I'm partially suspecting that your library/environment is ignoring your directives, rather than us ignoring your headers.
ill DM u my new number =)
#ad2dc The polar bears were not a hit. Unimaginative and uninspired
c, that's y i culdnt deal w/ it anymo, eva friend u no iz yo friend . . . fuk outta here nxqqa *Stinkmeaner voice*
Sunny all week! Perfect opportunity to check out the new rooftop furniture.
I never want to stop learning...
"something else" is probably already here, it's just that nobody's seen it yet…
EVERY ad in this Metro car has been bought up by I'd be upset except their cartoons are cute.
1 hour till work. then working on www.expressiaann.com
i had an awsome time watching you guys last night in VA. u blew me away and your very cute lol
Went w/ the Champion Fries... and I'm STILL FULL! lol. Hope you had a great day! Thanks for the suggestion :o)
Wade McDirty & Bron McTarded got just what they deserved. . NOTHING! Dirty, no-class, greedy, chokers who over-reached.
Thanks for including me!
It's been a long day. It's been a long year. Sleep tight,
How does Rahsad not just lay it all out on the line. I like how Jones is now sponsored by just the UFC now. Something to do w/ the NIKE deal
literally "the noble obligation" things others are not willing to do and have the ability to do things others aren't able to do
RT Q6: What are some best practices for fostering engagement?
mixtape sounds good my dude!
i do not feel good
Good morning fam
The way I look at it is I'm good without friends cuz at the end of the end u find out it better to be by urself & I'm happy wit that
Hail [yes] Mary!
Working on a great song called 'Famous'. We love it so far. We will see what NSAI says.:-)
#taxreformidea >Change an "Offer in Compromise" w/ the IRS to > a Groupon Coupon
Writers here today are in various fields including: English, Legal Studies, International Studies, Education and many Comm fields.
Think like a man at midnight! Im in there..
someone please taaalkk to me.
I promise tonight I will go out :))))
"We could watch '30 Rock.' It makes me laugh. Remember laughter?"
I'm still showing a bruise from a finger/door incident I did like 2 months ago.
Nothing makes me happier than finding out that someone who is better looking than me is also a complete idiot.
Here it is: What did Chef Anthony make on today's show? Free DVD for first SIX correct responses! GO!
Happy Birthday Captain! enjoy your special day:)
I feel as though the interview went well! I'll hear back very soon.
can u post B in his jersey??
Was too excited about my new Keurig I just couldn't wait till tomorrow to use it! Smh
Thanks for the follow KD!
Remember, all month long you can snag a $25 gift card for just $20! Hurry up before April arrives!
"The reason why we face affliction is because we do not allow the Lord to do His will in them."
About to recordd after this plane
*slow, unimpressed clap*
When shit hits the fan, you better fuckin move or you're going to get shit on you.
nice!! Doin the chores!!
Massive congrats on the funding! All the best with the film! Fantastic project.
Want to check out Fletcher's music library? Fletcher's Top 4 coming up...
thank you <U+263A>
I tweeted you like 2 or 3 times
#DearTaylorSwift we are all tired of your love songs make something different!!
Caffeine gives me the shakes....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
working tonight and your sup just hanged up lol you know she can TALK!
you didn't tell me you actually made it D: make me another one! Ima be in Downey later and tomorrow too for a bit
: giving history lesson on economy - saying we need to plan economy of future. Cites fuel costs (yes -too high!)
LMFAO y'all r worse than siblings
What and where do you eat supper while filming Survivor? Do you feel guilty at all??
SEATTLE!!! Dammit, Seattle! I missed your show when you were here last time!!! RT > : OHIO OR SEATTLE..... I MIUST CHOOSE.
Keep checking my e-mail hoping for more info to do #readersadvisory exercise. Uber-excited about using these tools for the first time
omg! Great idea!!
Sorry Pat, beat you! But you can have my extra ticket <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I think that is my #1 pet peeve at work.
hahaha u ruin the songs u listen to em like 20 times in a row then sing em a lot
I enjoyed #ashe11 & connecting with
Lakers +4???? Too good to pass up.
Seriously? Are you freaking kidding me!!
Absolutely! The right foot position can be confusing.
Nothing worthwhile is ever easy.
At the bowling ally, taking over the jukebox.
About to experience a new attraction at #SeaWorld Orlando... Turtle Trek
Local dining tips RT : so this is an easy one! Vermilion, Brabo tasting room, and
Cheers to Twitter/NTT--you came correct
Hello follow me
Hm LA I love you man
Since we're currently around our 3,993,771st document included in a delivery, we expect to announce the prize this week [or next]!
Going on a tour of National Public Radio 3/21/12. I remember hearing NPR & PBS executives testifying about the role of public broadcasting.
I'll take humans any day. But I imagine you already know how I feel about robots
Apparently I have issues walking cause my legs are covered in bruises.
apparently curly hair and black and white stripes make me look like a "little French maiden". not my favorite description.
Walking out with bermudas on and realizing how cold it is but knowing there's no time to change <
IT'S BECAUSE APOLOGIES ARE A THING OF THE PASTE
is an online aesthetic magazine educating consumers on trends and technologies on plastic & cosmetic surgery, lasers
we don't have the Nike one, I've heard it's only available from the Nike website
It's a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
Just waching tv
Virginia:) with my grandparents:) #lovethemtodeath:)
I have the world's worst job luck. Ever. It's actually kind of hilarious and by kind of, I mean very.
OMG YOU FOUND HIS TWITTER DIDKABAJSBDJJSJA
is there going to be hard copies of #Section80 ??
Awesome. I am in palo alto 2 times a week. Would love to chat and exchange notes
Taken care of. Thx for the offer.
Forgot to bring sunscreen for my lips and emerged from the desert looking like Garry Shandling.
no omg, tell me you found it!!
So I have to start saving my money !! Going to Disneyland in a month(: so excited !!
Such sorry lame asshole
Really miss
#itdoesntlookgoodwhen you try and act dumb in front of guys bc you think it's cute. it's like, "wait, whaaattt? a banana is yellow?"
the New York Knick 4's
I got the voodoo for you bitches
is jason single
Man! These pretzels are making me thirsty!!
Oh fab, you got some really versatile styles! Hope you love all three. :)
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken w/ spinach, grape tomato, onion & a pepper ranch sauce Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
I'm gonna miss you too, you better come see me!(:
Feeling so loved , thanks for the birthday wishes !! :)
If a Brit or Frenchman brag about how great their country is ,its a great bore,but if an American does the same ,it's the same?
THe theme for today is "Red Pen."
omg that's just like when I yawn in church and my eyes water up so people think I'm crying about something -_-
our fave part too!
Pitching the record breaking story to newsroom NOW! I'm thinking we should take it live all AM
Hmm. I need a sec. I LOVE almost all kinds of music.
This is going to be a long day-_ -
tbh, i got twitter to follow , lmao!
": Hello my favorite twitter peoples.(and ) If someone isn't too busy, please come kill me. Cheers" on my way!
what's the problem? I can mention it at doit managers meeting tomorrow am.
That will be great. Can you either PM or send an email. We'll have our Education Chair contact you.
go to California and live there for the rest of my life...That's All I Really Wanna Do
1:30am and I can't sleep. Welp, at least #Doug is on. Thank you #Teennick and #the90'sareallthat. Sweet
The botched tech rehearsal made me only slightly more nervous than yesterday. I'm sure I'll vomit before this is all over.
Thanks so much for the support!
Wow! Women's world cup soccer- just beat France, going to finals now! Even though the uniforms look like Star Trek.
#Anchorman is one of the most quotable films of all time.
I understand, I'll take the new profile pic as a good sign.
Happy Mums day, Mum.
I don't know if I've had cherry Mr Pibb. At 5 Guys burgers?
Can't wait for #REVENGE tomorrow night. the show...I'm really a nice person ;)
feeling the urge to get out of town. but not sure where to go
I just got a spam email for 'Unlimited Free Tacos'. I deleted it.... Huge mistake.
Amazing performer DeAndre from American Idol was sent home although Jenifer Lopez was a fan. I guess that was not enough... Thoughts?
ha all gravy G but I was at crib 2day and we were going to do a remix with them an on it if u Down
Awesome. Once I took to see The Lion King and then to Bar Centrale.
Man. You don't even know how grateful I am. Thanks!
RT: at work text me I got the fax though <--- ok
NOO you're right you're right, everyone else is just wrong.
its in my memory bank right now
hum...I just went to check my messages and it seems there were a bunch of things sent about funny photos, and rumers which I never sent. Wow
Oh Yeah! Me too :D
I will! Thank you!
all I asked is that he credits stuff. Wait until you hear the details.
Hey Greg, thanks for the mention! Check out our newest CopsAlive article for some resources on stress management. Stay safe!
Did I really conflate 'your' and 'you're'? Gawd. >.<
what are your plans ?
Derby Day...2012
Yeah- definitely go over his head!~
I think is pretty!
damn i gotta make sure i get fitted for my tux
RT: When I'm laying in bed at night, that's when my mind goes crazy, thinking about lots of things.
Boutta take it down soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Wow ur tweets are fucking gay.
{Multiple forces does not necessarily make anything good: without focus, net force will be zero!}
I LOVE YOU ALL..
#DearMrHunt we would very much like to have our MLS cup back
Been craving a budlight lime (: yayyy me!!
Thats my show!!
u rock! No need to be insecure
"We can no longer think of ourselves as commercial content distributors." Joseph Sanchez
For real ? What happened to my team tonight?
I need a new texting buddy -_-
Omg my left leg is in pain for some reason. :/
hey! Latino America wants Big Time Rush #TeAmo (:
Setting up for our second variety show! It's the El Paso Edition. Check out the new show that will post this weekend!
... Sec. Have to go find some toxic sludge.
I'm only going to say this once. Every 5 goddamned minutes.
Katelynne Margross: I think she said 'exotic dancer', Ms. Lawly.
Well, i have decided to stay on part time, with my other job. Now i'll have two jobs, but i guess that is the thing these days.
u serious? if you are, send me your email so I can sign u up for the dance rehearsals.
#BlackMamaQuotes : "Keep on...you gone be picking yourself up off the floor."
what station are you on in Tampa, Fl?
At the Fitchburg library - standing room only. Overflow at City Hall.
Dear Peyton, I was just kidding. Come back to Indy. Love, Jim Irsay
I need everyone to follow she only needs 30 more followers until 47k follow her y'all
Looking to go vegetarian again and cut down on refined sugars, so studying the diets of veg*n MMA fighters for inspiration. They're awesome!
<U+200E>"Can you imagine what I would do, if I could do all I can imagine?"
Someone talk to me! Anyone? I'm bored at drivers ed :)
FINALLY GOT MY PHONE BACK :D
who is that?
where was it?
hey cameron I love u!!
Overall, very progressive/with it for the size of our company. Forgot how lucky I am sometimes! They listen to gd ideas.
Glad someone else said it! RT : “: Cheap shot!!” Mostly beer, not shots :)
In the darkest place we will be your light we will be your light.
are you a bad fish too?
yeah well this nobody ruffled ur feather this morning #Real Talk
Hendricks or Kos?
its not cooling is it
I have a huge test tomorrow and I haven't studied once
Coach need a new TV. I think the TV is from 1980. HaHa
the set of CSI Cleveland lol
I can't survive on Twitter alone, I need my FB!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
My cat just fell off his perch. There was a crash, followed by an irritated meow. Now he's glaring at the chair that betrayed him.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know. M.Twain / sometimes it's best to just say "I don't know."
Parted my hair on the opposite side this morning. Feeling pretty dangerous today.
are you and done practicing yet?
Yea we'll take it RT : Yall Still Gone Get Da Slot?
just be sure to wear your robe and socks with sandals.
Hey babe, loved every picture you posted from Six Flags! I was grinning like an idiot at each one, but sad I wasn't there.
“: #BoogerTalk”LMFAO I LOVE YOU BIG BRO! :D
RT : #presentations are just conversations with more people listening.<< Exactly right! :)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou? Our team loves building websites, helping start-ups, and growing businesses. Get a Quote today and let us help you...
Edmonton tops Portland in WHL finals opener - The Spokesman Review
Absolutely perfect patio weather in
RT : Now RIM's CIO is talking about enterprise servers and services. Plans to move Fusion to the cloud.
hahaha no but i wanted to grab one so i could take a pic and omg they like burned my hand ahha they were so cold
Killer! Hit us up then!
Blessed be thy name.
Changing the title to She Ain't You(:
Not to my knowledge. Where are you based?
RT And is overall awesome... “ . speaks 5 languages – Slovene, Serbian, German, Swedish and English. -AM”
mhmm. I believe we met one morning, I gave a hug to Brittney. Lol.
yesterday was a hoot, dudes. please remember that my f*&4k ups are proprietary, and cannot be distributed!
RT : "Imagine what would happen if you started respecting your own wishes of how to spend your time." - Susan Cain ()
Maryland: Baltimore Maryland Motel
If I wanted to get up at 6:15 on a Sat AM I would have a baby. My dog is about to get sent to TX to live w/ her g-parents - driving me crazy
YES, one of my faves: RT : Sequoia Capital Invests $10 Million in Songkick ( / Media Decoder)
“: All Colorado #beer on tap ! I like beer!” 1. we like Jensen 2. We like #Colorado #beer !!
just stop it.
So glad you enjoyed! That was a rockin night! Thanks for the support
just want to say Hi :D
Getting ready to listen to my favorite Sunday show on XM radio. The Jesus Christ show ( ) is on now - XM Channel 158
Sad about this outcome , enjoyed my visit last summer. And people say there are no high $$ art project currently.
Uh oh ! Getting ready for Round 2! Go #Sixers!
WORD BRO... #aguyshould not act like the typical warwick jerkoff...
Tomorrow marks week one of being gluten free. One more week until I know if this will be the rest of my life or not.
wahhhh! i know... :( this needs to change! we need to meet up at panera asap.
RT : Kobe will show the boys how to do it
rose can close games ??
Back from 17 days in Switzerland, the trip was great !
RT : Thanks to all who joined us at CWL SPRING. We've got everything OnDemand til Tues, including our $5K scholarship!
Confident that no matter what age I get, a can of baked beans will always remind me of a homeless, switchblade wielding Christopher Lloyd.
Today's weather can be summed up simply with sun, rain, sun, rain, sun, and more rain.
lol! thanks so much! i miss you!
ah thanks, that made my day.
okay good. had a wicked dream where you both died on the way to a wedding? glad to see your alive :)
BREAKING: Bad Crash IB Dan Ryan at Cermak, three lanes down.
Working on some things. Going to be posting an update soon about everything. \m/
Interesting: "When offline, people love personalized experiences like a cafe owner knowing your name" -Russ,
and also has really bad allergies, evidently. Those watery eyes...
I wish I had people to hangout with
RT : How do men sort their laundry? "Filthy" and Filthy but wearable" Im not even gonna lie, so true, lmfao!
#Knicks faces starting to get that look.
ha ha nothing!
it wouldn't b me ;)
It's SO hot in my grandparents' house! Stood over the air vent and literallyt burned my foot...
who scored?
My "reflex" to use commas and follow them with 2 spaces is such a hindrance on Twitter. I type them without thinking. Old habits die hard.
Ubaldo is just not good as folks thought he was.
Haha I like the way you think!! ": that's exactly what it means! \(^.^)"
Just watched Tuesday's message for - GREAT message
he sure is, until he attacks you & you have bite marks near your ankles. But yeah... He's a lil sweetie.
no we did not haha but it was funn
What is a machine going to do with a $1 million???
he is in doggy heaven now I am so sorry for your lose I will miss him
So looking forward to Thursday! :)
“: forever letting go of my past and building a new strong, successful future.” (:
is just about to take the stage at the Louisville Palace! Join in the conversation at
Show is done, headed back to canyon Lake
2 hours till glee. Can't wait.
Just boarded our flight to Ft. Lauderdale. With Dan Marino. Who looks way tanner than the rest of us.
Holiday greetings (no castle yet) :)
Great article! Very useful and easy to understand.
so far all these pictures of him are <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Why OOOHHH and AWWW over a brand new computer when we can get yours up & running smooth again for a fraction of the cost of buying new. ^jl
Watching the big bang theory
I feel like such a girl right now. I'm eating "Ben & Jerry's" out of the carton AND I just had sex with a guy.
Thank you, Mitch. Loss is hard whenever it comes but especially hard with one so young. :(
since i dont have to get up, im pouring more wine and snuggling up to a movie. I love
RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
Go to Betty and stop being soft.
Africa Hope Fund is a a non-profit organization dedicated to helping the people of Africa live productive and healthy lives.
After britney new single and last nights gossip girl, I predict lesbianism btw confused young sluts will increase by at least 20 %
yay I'm glad
Being made a delicious bday dinner of pastitsio, asparagus, & Thomas Keller's pecan-walnut bars with bourbon whipped cream.
got a better night's sleep than most.. was there even any wind?
God deals in the impossible, faith is speaking things to come that are not there. "The substance of things hoped for...etc
wtf to do today
Do not call a girl sexy, call her beautiful! Do not tell her you like her body, tell her you think God gave her a body of a goddess boys ...
sittin at work boreeeeeddddddddd...come on 12, i need my break
- congrats on a great event last night #CampFireTS. All the acts were awesome!
Banging chicken paddies for lunch
Infatuated I think not feeling a way I haven't felt in a long time
I'm really looking forward to this girls day/night
excited for national youth day:)
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>big nose swagg
I think I should report this lady.. She keeps touching my ass. WTF
Does this cold weather make you want to stay at home? There are TONS of at-home workouts that are amazing! If you need ideas, just ask!
#9O21O played at the end, just like #GossipGirl!
Guess he suppose to whoop my ass or tell me to stop .. I dunno .
ooh I want to be there! Could use a free drink right about now :)
I #needaFIJI because its hotter than the sun in sunny Florida can you say 84 degrees!!!
The secret to the perfect ice cub requires that you use hot water and a calm hand to transport the tray to the freezer.
Hey you, you still in Canada or have you given that cold dream up?? :)
Dedicated autosports enthusiast here: driving 12+hrs to Stockton, CA for , then straight back for #teamBOSS drifting on Sunday!
Already did, and good luck!
#ifheavenwasamileaway ill pack up my bags and leave this world today.
Harker Dirge and Kevin Steen d. Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana when Steen pinned Cabana with the Package Piledriver.
[LIVE TWEET] Rethinking Expertise: pragmatist model of expertise. Discussing the differences between science and expertise.
I hate when people brag! I'm just like STFU already!
4 days until we kick off! First event is Cville's Annual MLK Celebration this Sun. the 16th, 5 p.m. @ Mt. Zion 1st African Baptist Church
Soccer is at its most intense time of season #CL #barca #chelsea I'm just enjoying watching this great sport.
i miss #bagelfriday at weber! hope you are doing well!
no comment :)
I love chocolate cake
id love to!
Just read: Confidential data on 30 million German phone put on the Internet as a result of an error .
do you also realize UK only had one 1&done last year?
use #theipl2 to
Happy Mother Day To All the wonderful mom out there
Shit , him & the groupies can get blocked , & outta here for all I care . Tf ?
I disagree. As someone building a marketplace business, i know it is pretty important to show prospects who is behind the curtain.
Merry TITSmas everyone! The #UT football season starts today!
nothin much just watching the videos i made for the boys long time ago, youu ?
did it leave u a gift?
you guys need too stop. Your blowing up my tl Hahaha
LYjr cntd "Mr Brown's Strides n the Ent Bus r Unique & Limitless"
I was tired and jetlagged so i get the words out right :( Wasn't that bus ride long? Took 2 1/2 hours to get home from airport
Starting Monday, you can take the karaoke party with you on your iPhone/iTouch
My biggest goal will be accomplished and from there I'll work towards my other ones
Dear Automatic Flusher: I'm still sitting on the toilet, please refrain from squirting water all over me!
I need a new show on Netflix to be obsessed with. Just finished "The League" and loved it. Suggestions needed.
As humans, we fascinate one another each time we interact, with our voices, our scents, and our expressions.
it must be really nice outside because my office is still pretty cool.
I have the hard drive. I just need the right cable. 500GB. Should double my DVR size.
napkin from glove box or fling it out the window onto another car
you are so cute and your voice is beautiful <3
#IfItWasntForTwitter the cause of #Liberty would not be spreading as fast as it is!
I hate sappy chick movies and love storys but I kinda wanna see that zac effron movie cuz he looks so freakin hott!
Relatedly, the amount and intensity of sexual stimulation is directly under the woman’s control and therefore ...
Damn this night is finally almost over
Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987. Happy Founders Day !
I put a water in the freezer for school tomorrow cause itss hot as balls in that school!
Just got done working out... Shower than back on the Gorilla Tour!
peep new santigold single "disparate youth" it will good with your taste on your show truss me..
Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done.
how's u and katherine? I'm ganna support Princess and I :)
If the guy next to you at the urinals is jacking off, is that an H.R. issue?
Brand of the week: Social Media fully integrated and colors to entertain, The Standard will blow your mind.
So there are jobs I cannot apply at until my balance at UH is 0.00. That is the rule. The law. I was hoping they could be a little kinder
That moment when u get to class so early the lights are off & no one is there; you wonder if class was cancelled....
wassup wit the next trip fellas
Bronchitis Plus to much work = Lite pneumonia.
Your call from #TheMasters is feeding my golf addiction while I'm away from the TV all day. Thanks!
Morning commitee meeting with the March of Dimes. Planning a spectacular fundraiser for Nov. at Balboa Park. More info soon!
I saw the story last night and just couldn't make sense of it. So so sad. My condolences are with the family
That is really cold. I dont think i could stand that for very long.
Revival is living in the heart of the believer. Wake up and release it!
lunch & movies. happy mothers day.
Cute costume, did u 2 tear up Boulder
Good pass Lebron
occupy wall street is some crazy business
Just invited to watch the Avengers with me Sat. afternoon. since he is in NY. Can hurt to ask, no?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
spring allergies are the worst.
No other answer necessary RT From a boat with a cocktail in hand!!!
Watch "Inside the NFL" TONIGHT, Dec. 22, for a segment on Fantasy webseries featuring our own Hot Tub Sleeper Picks! (9pm et/pt)
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Double check to make sure you have what you need before you start. It will save a lot of time later.
Washington v USA!: INCREDIBLE! Violent Gulf of Mexico weather imminent, environmental disaster potential for entire Gulf/Caribbean on D.C.
I think Twitter is pretty boring compared to facebook. I wish I could avoid seeing posts just cos they mention people I follow.
You're right, not fair!
Gracious substitute on res 11. VAUMC
RT : Problem is not corps, problem is corps that rig govt to serve their interests. Local diner is corp, but not the problem
I love you so much that I'd take you out on a date to Sheetz
How did I get so sick in one day
Quoth the raven, `Nevermore.'
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Adding this to my list of Kate transportation issues.
America. RT : Sportsman Channel announces new show "Riggo on the Range," where John Riggins will hunt animals & then cook them.
We're warming up some soup and getting read to go to the grocery store, just in case there really is a snowpocalypse in Seattle. You?
After seeing gorgeous pageant inspired phone case I have realized I need some in my life!
#bbn loves you! Let's go cats!
RT if u are urself or know someone in Houston who will be dressed to #heaux.... err, kill & attract Aubrey at tomorrow's Club Paradise show
It looks like he just dropped it.
I meant more his physical appearance and mannerisms - it's an interesting phenomenon!
Buenos dias Twitter
god, I love yahoo answers. i remember last year posting "my team just signed Comrie. Does this mean I should like H. Duff?"
Im getting my whole Body Painted for Tonight's Performance! See you at Club Orion! =)
have a blast beautiful!
Had a blast with u in MIAMI, be blessed and see you soon. Keep spreading the gospel like an epidemic
Eating sonic n watching movies with my queen love u baby
it feels like was only here for ten minutes. wtf. come back
Just finished flamenco practice and im exhausted! Hard work to reach "perfection".
Hi girl! Things are great! How bout you?
is that mr 0 for 4
Parlor Market. It was outstanding.
Please retire the word "logic" from all Internet comment boards, thanks.
Appearances are nice & important, but what you are dressing up underneath is what is the most important. How deep does your central core go?
harden dont care
u oughta tell her to holla
Wish I could get a tweet from but that seems impossible today :(
Don’t let city limits limit your event- Our catering service delivers both within and outside the Portland-Metro area.
mike who
Congratulations to the Drexel graduating class of 2010!
"Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream." ---Marge, The Simpson's
Woo hoo! RT : We'll be downtown with tons of green treats for the St. Patricks Day parade and Fair in the Square.
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!! Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
great lunch!!
So done with "family time"
“ Show of hands. Er Twitter hands. Who is coming out to the reserve match tonight?” I'll be there, and I'll be square!
has to be thrilled that in a Tigerless weekend they at least get a Rory-Rickie playoff instead. Oh and DA Points.
: we just can't help it, president!
Back in Ann Arbor. And it's not raining. Had enough of the drizzle (and bumpy flights). Hope it's better next week.
o Idina Menzel is gonna be at the Paramount on June 2nd, I may just have to go to that one, who else is down?
Kidrauhl Makes The World Smile. Yes, he does. I will always love him.
RT : Using within ePortfolio the Ning/tumblr *approach* would be useful. Safe space for comments, reflections. Good one!
Darn. I snoozed, and lost... “: Sold out? Well, there goes that idea...... Excellent news, btw.”
haha yay thank you!!!! Can't wait!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
aww hope u feel better
Look at all those different times I just retweeted, the fuckery .. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Families learn each other's languages... and I bet that goes double for twins.
Remember to breathe.
don't play dumb crespo
ON my MIND like CRAZY! Couldn't quit thinking long enough to fall back asleep. So, whatever, another 2 hours of #FacingJoints (:
la cage tho..
Lamar Odom = NBA Trojan Horse. Nice move LA Lakers. I am impressed.
Let's get weird
From DC HSEMA:Due 2 rain in the forecast for Wed(1/11/2012) DC Govt is asking citizens 2 clear gutters & catch basins.
hey, how are you...you seemed kinda down the other night
where do you hate being at lol?
haven't cried this hard in months
Finna Make This Lasagna Right Quick >>>
Early muscle spasms, this ain't hot!
Index of leading econ indicators is down significantly. Dragged down by local stock prices, building permits, consumer confidence.
I am so thankful to have beautiful people like you in my life. Exhaling.Thanks for letting me aboard your life.I know I'll enjoy the flight.
Where did you take the picture? - Colin Miner/Assignment Editor KATU News
the table always has room for you and Geek Royale!
57 seconds isnt much, but it gives the Pats a chance.
vodka chased with a pickle hahah
follow me loves. Miss ya
Staying focused on the #future while i keep my #EYE open to the #present while I forget the
Great way to hate a song... set it as your alarm ringtone
I Wish people would stop judging -./
yeah, let's have some beer or something. I lost my contacts recently, can u send it again? Mine is 480-307-4252
Phu, an conservator, tells the #SILtweetup group not to use duct tape to repair our favorite books, unless we like that vibe.
Good grief, no. Guess I could have clarified "without editing core" but that should be a given.
Happy Wednesday :)
great tweet!! And so true!!
Have submitted my semester grades....but that only slightly lightens the workload for a few weeks, but I'll take it!
just as i started feeling my terrible day was getting a bit better, I saw the Red Sox score....
Morning voting, completed.
<U+266B> I am listening to Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen #MP3MusicDownloader it's cool
To be honest... I'm not even that excited about prom.
yikes! Very unnecessary charge to fill out papers!
Twitter = A heavily populated city ... Facebook = A vacation spot ... Myspace = A ghost town.
STOP LOOK AND FOLLOW MY BACKUP
my icon >> everyone elses.
Going to school. Then MMA class. Have a good day
's new song is absolutely perfect<3
lol bless to heart...
So what's left for Christopher Plummer? Congrats!!
Thank you, I'm good!
Oh you forgot I was a gangsta?!
Hey it's Eira from if the jaws of my busy schedule release me, will try 2 come say hi at Octavia tomorrow
. What a pleasant way to start the day. Thanks.
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ
you're welcome. Your product looks like it can change the way kids think mathematically.
Papa Bear's BBQ?
Why are both crews advancing?! What?! Holy shit! What's going on?! Ahh!
Jangling keys... is that scientist guy from E.T. in here?!
I would like to show all people of earth that we are all born with voting rights, to make a vote a common aspect of digital & physical life
Uhm. We can take this to court cuzzz I want custody. You the one that was all over me dhat nite! <U+261D>
everyone go follow !!
Great advice! RT : You don't have to swing at every pitch. That's my thought o' the day.
It's MOTHER FLIPPIN' gametime!!!!! I'm so freaking hype right now!!!
Anyone want a brackets board? It's new. White board like for darts, football games, etc
Sure, come on by circus mashimus. Or
My mom just got home do u have a ride
: I knew somethin wasn't right btw ya new shirt is sick!
Wow. Shouldn't the "sustainability of the disciplines" take priority over the "sustainability of the publishing industry"?
Just read about it this morning.
My grandpa joined the email game a little late, so I'm getting the Fw:Fw:FW emails from years ago. Today's? Cell phones igniting gas pumps.
I should be asking u that lol....im doin what u like lol
Nowadays, I wish just one thing would run smoothly for me.
know what I'm sayin??!! Spent years in DC which is WAY worse, and always felt secure...welcome to Vegas I guess.
Time to aearte and fertilize your lawn. This will help save water and give you great looking grass.
Omg, delivery of different colored spotlights on my desk for Prom!! I love my co-workers. Shout out to Mr. Kelly! No more
Seriously, this custodian in the library is fucking with students. No way do you need to push the same chair in 5 times CC:
that is #ThaTruth #RealShit but bionica can't fathom that idea
Just tapped 12 Bar Brewery's Wicked IPA.
The girls sitting next to me wouldn't be so annoying if they were a little less chatty and a lot more dead..
and sitting in a tree....something something SCDP. OK, it's late.
Alternate Operating Systems: News and Notes
Honey Crisp apples are finally in season! Woohoo!
Magic shoes! You can take on the world in those things. Or at least conquer the dance floor ;)
missed being at #SOBCon and all of you too!
Holy moly it's hot!
" My moma told me that the fame would bring out all the hater " HATERZ OMG GIRLZ KILLED IN THAT SONG !
you know it was fake when he asked the sister did she got married for the show
Its hard but its fair...
Really hope nobody I know saw what an ass I made of myself trying to check/add oil to my car. Couldn't have chosen a more public gas station
BE OUR VALENTINE. come to the wooden teeth tuesday meeting, 8pm, in monroe 114.
Rebel America lands placement for Major Sports Program. Congrats to the participating songwriters with this project.
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
#notyoubirthday love zach porter of ASW
Sad day. RIP Whitney Houston.
I love dat white bitch I got
Noon-E is on way to A. I will miss his gold glove defense.
i have a crush on 1 of my friends... since b4 i met him n real life o_O
I have one of those moms, too. She's convinced I'm going to marry my neighbor's son...
Know any DMV area photographers ??
I feel like a tourist in my own town. This place is just what we needed. Im sure bumper-side baggo will continue... But still, this is great
7-year-old handwriting included ;) Thanks again for helping us have some fun at
I've decided thatthe only way I'm gunna order a key necklace from is if he's at bamboozle #justkidding but it would be nice
think i am going to study in van loan, maybe robson's words will just come to me
Who's going to this Friday?
#Romney #Dodge on Banking Bailouts
I jam to that! Haha
what happened to For Today and E. Town Concrete?
Mix 102.9 will be at Jimmy John's grand opening in Garland from 12-2 today. If you are n the area stop by for $1 subs!
alrighty dude on my way! Should be there soon
I didnt hear His voice but I felt His arms around me.Thank you Lord
Just realized I haven't picked up a set of drum sticks in two weeks. Not even mad about it. Back at it hard next week.
happy birthday(: sending you love and peace today(;
while the mechanism is unclear, that seems to be the result
Don't fly much, but had a very enjoyable flight 2nite on on a new md90. Smoother quieter flight. WOW! Will try to choose u when I can
Except for the fund itself.
TY Jill for the follow. Looking forward Happy Mondays!
special shout out to the lovely ladies and gentlewomen of #teamlesbian <3 have a great day everyone
austin must think i'm some creep (: lols.
lol, not at all. I'm always on the block.
#BaylorBold booing correct calls
I do that often... had a good one awhile back, "sweep it under the door"
#1 World of work is increasing globally collaborative.
Will you be there (Illinois)?
Loving the google icon today! I am a total 80's baby!
If you want info just let me know your email addy and I'll send you links to places that were legit and paid me in the past.
#Brooklyn #San Antonio
well, I was intimidated.. Lol
Yes I did!
ladies there's no reason to have more than 3-4 pots anything more is just a waste people in this world have no pots to speak of come on
Guess what? I sold a forclosure home in Cottage Grove to a client of mine today. Everything went just fine at our closing. Buyer is so happy
My dad dancing to 'What makes you beautiful" ..... you cant even imagine... LOL he is so annoying!!!!
Awesome! I'd love to see both he and Oleg Itanbach get a chance to make something with a big budget...
they must..gotta check in to find out : )),
Cheer up, things get better.
Big game for the tonight. I'm excited for Monta Ellis to start with Jennings.
live the dream brother!
+1 MT Thank U each for a great evening
Its monday!?wheres Mad cheesy joke?<3
I have a friend with an opportunity in the fast growing pet industry. Her business has taken off and she needs help! You would work with e…
Your "logic" makes no sense!!!
I just saw the president of Israel's motorcade.
wheres the party at tonight? You like the Nugs?
Cute new ad w/Andre & Steffi reading a story to kids about a girl who tried tennis but the court was too big and the balls bounced too high.
Happiness is spelling Happiness correctly!
I feel like I got hit by a bus lol.
if you're looking for a good running route in the area, let me know. There's a bunch of great ones.
AH! #BOYFRIENDVIDEO :D
Wish I was drunk right now.
Working on a couple things now. I'll send you a link when it's finalize. What kind of video's have you done?
Again, I didn't catch one dern fish. The water seemed pretty shallow off the dock. My little friend caught about 7 tiny fish using worms.
hope to connect at an upcoming event!
fuck yea monkey wrench!!
. Glad you got it. Practice a few minutes a day with the Powerchute. Watch what happens! Enjoy
Super awesome weekend - THAT is what I miss about college. But now back to the 9-5...
Haha honestly tho! :) and your welcome. Its illegal to be that pretty isn't it up in Rochester? Lol
Ryan is flat out the best coach this program has ever had...and it isn't even close.
Love me and the world is mine.
thank you sister ! You're beautiful aswell dolly <3 T.K.M
Where am I RT : This is not a real place. Multiple party rooms. Strippers. Alcohol. And its 3am
If only I could curse my mom out to her face instead of my head ..
hey remember that time I was eliminated anyway because Kritz beat drew
Ridiculousness has me LMFAO!
Re-aligning sleep schedule for a weekend of dayshift. Exhausted. Have decided to catch up on my favorite TV shows in an effort to stay up.
Have a great time in Hawaii! It's been hot and in the 80s here! Miss you guys! xoxo
/ still here / after taking some personal time / Aubrey & I moved forward w/our adoption goal / now proud
We will be giving more, because we enjoy the smiles from new customers. Get ready for the #NashaRashaNYC Challenge coming soon.
The friendship bracelet saundra sent me in the mail >>>>
erica's rap career <<< my shower sinqin.
Feels like I'm getting sick.
Fantastic blog page
Trust me, the Rockets would NOT make that trade. Amare has a BAD contract. Morey won't take it.
Two exams are the only thing that stand between me and the end of my freshman year...Challenge accepted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Everybody wants the truth, but nobody wants to be honest. -- Inspiring You™ ()
Avery Bradley playing well-the X Factor in slowing down D. Wade and D. Rose?
i thought i looked cool... thanks for building up my self esteem, riley.
Had a spectacular meeting at William Morris Endeavor just now! Amazing things are happening in my life!!! So excited :)
Isn't it fun when you find something you could have done easily in 1 hour on set, that now will take you a whole day. Pick ups!
follow in the upcoming episodes!
That's a great idea! Maybe i will=)
Chasers fall in extra innings
Thank you for the mention, Crystal! Have a great week ahead, everyone! <U+263A>
was it a iPhone 3G?
Put it on a t-shirt :)
Who wants 25% off botox or fillers? Or maybe just a nice relaxing aromatherapy massage?
. Really?? That's great!
#Tigerswishlist Charlie Sheen as Manager
Hey , what's better abt tannehill pick: he'll be able to develop under Garrards tutelage, or that he has bookend LT for decade?
Lol. it was!
No one is more cherished in this world than someone who lightens the burden of another. Thank you. ~Author Unknown
EVERYONE YOU KNOW. ;)
feed such a marginal value add: mix of regurgitated popular opinion, empty ESPNation-esque q's, and rehashed blog content #wastedopp's
boo! also, cleverly responds with something like: you're gorgeous! thanks. which is far more effective imho
Everything is this world is political. The bureaucracy never f-ing ends. The only way to live life is to be your own boss.
Aye its comin. I got u RT : Oh will ur attractive rate just went up 20% lol and I would love to hear you ;)
Thanks for letting me know. Hackers and mean.
The 'please do not touch' sign on the mannequin in Good Will might be for everyone, but it's probably just for one sick dude.
Performing in the sampler showcase tomorrow at #NACA2012. 4:40PM at the Westin Ballroom!!!
Tell that baby bump i said hey.
Good Luck against Tech!
ahh its gonna be awesome :) text me bc I have to ask you something about Friday! :)
Congrats London! MT Proud to receive exclusive endorsement from Mark Croshier, retired CVPD detective and community activist!
Sales Leadership Summit in Dallas - sales mgrs bringing up their "tough" issues...good discussions, solutions offered
nice. Hope u feel better Ivan. && imma just Chilling (:
ooh idk why mine wants to act up.
your welcome Brent. (: <3
Chapter 2012 Page 87 of 366 Technology is making my day run so much smoother
Washington D.C.
we'll be there Sat
so thank u so much for that. And I mean that from the bottom of my huge gay heart!
Apparently there is no such thing as home ice advantage.
Cowboys gon win...
lol don't worry, everyone else is rubbing it in my face too.. #UseToIt haha
If you think tha an "ion" is how you shorten "I don't", unfollow me now
Can I do it tomorrow? lol. I've been dying to do your damn hair.
Good morning Seattle! Bright and cold and beautiful. What a nice way to end the week
I would say a mission accomplished ;D
Gain better search engine rankings and more traffic with Keyword Marketing!
#ButImACheerleader is on #LogoTV. I love this movie! :D
Do u have paypal??
Holy sh!t I love animals.. xD
Missing you Grandma today is worst than yesterday #RIP </3
I am happy to report the chairs have been fixed with 2 braces to hold them in the position you set.
Seriously, can people just try and be nice, lol.
PunchMFG always pays its debts.
My usual nerd response - buy some more books! But I also need to connect w/ peeps, #firstgen orgs, training programs, etc. Any leads?
so, whats the story with the NaCl?
Pretty good opening 12 minutes!
Pacing has begun...
work work work until 2 then It's Tattoo Time
i want a pound if weed for my birthday , NO lie .
I just remembered that I'm seeing Built To Spill in the fall. AH
Check out this article that was posted in the New York Times. Transcendental Meditation for health:...
I know! Whats happening??!?
I fly back to Pittsburgh in feb
I love u so much u cant even imagine!!!;)<3I wish u would notice mefollow me whatever but i know theres alot fans
hi guy, can you do me a favour? go follow up my girl she will follow back ! go go go go !<3
Anger is like drugs and alcohol. It's a powerful emotion that clouds good people's judgement.
Obama was on Mythbusters!
Sometimes it's hard to avoid the happiness of others. Assael, David
He probably just was trying to get to the fire extinguisher to put out the heat. They were burning them
waz up mama i have been try to reach out to u waz up mama ..... :(
A healthy body is a healthy mind. I #Think I'll #workout one more time today
you guys make an adorable couple just sayin(:
On the 1st Day of Christmas my true love sent to me an Anti-Aging Membership!
Your welcome!
IDK...O'Malley's are proven dynasty-builders. Garv might save the day like in '84. We need a baseball person not a business person
Kris Barrett has some guns, and not the 2nd Amendment kind.
please follow me!!! <3 by the way your really cute ;) <3
Stetson also allowed IT security class to run penetration test on the school's network - serious experiential learning
Soccer? MT : Timmy K:Baseball is hard game played by hard men.I agree,but theyre most sensitive group of individuals in sports
No, Mr. Auto-correct, the book is NOT called "America Is Under a Tack."
4 of the nations top 50 best college architecture are at the University of Cincinnati. No other school can claim that.
Gene Ulrich, treasured friend is 95 years old! Happy Birthday Gene! Your hand-made ornament arrived & brings delight to my home/to my heart!
I hate you both. Every time you announce one of the games I watch I mute the tv and turn on the radio
Short Dow at 8670, 4 contracts.
I concur on the "I AM EXCITE". Though I didn't spring for dice can't wait for the game.
Really ... Standby for the blonde jokes to follow ... RT : What do you call a man with half a brain?
simply the best ever for simple yet effective quotes!!
who will become the leader on our steelers defense?
heyy!! It's this account is my street team account :))
Great afternoon at Florida Flute Convention!
welcome, that is
Back at the sports club & working on improved energy levels & longevity. Both essential to a long career
sir please dont try and slip me your number :/ I am at work
Keeping my mind stayed on Jesus<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
I'm in a good place in my life.feeling content and I'm loving it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
spending $200 on pre-ripped jeans.
Sick and tired of everyone in my family!
got it going crazy? RT : It's a madhouse by the superdome!!!
The older we get, the better we used to be
welcome to Twitterville. It's a vast land of everything and nothing.
I'm kind of surprised more people aren't up
loved the blink-182 show on Tuesday ... still rockin' after all those years!
Thanks for following us!
love it. Where did u get it?
Good Friday Morning! It's a beautiful day! What are your plans for the weekend? I know you'll be busy and having fun! :)
Makes no sense when an equal number of people die due to excess
Good night tweeps <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
i Dont Have A Twin
Thanks for the Retweet Lori!
#Timegoesbysoslowly when you're waiting for you lunch hour to begin
It's Gotta be YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU! It's Gotta be Looouuuuisssssssssss!!:)x
I just noticed, among the scantily clad women adorning his ceiling is what appears to be a young Christopher Reeve.
Every time I wake up with an unidentified scratch or bruise, my immediate conclusion is that I was abducted by aliens during the night.
ARRGGHHHH!!! I will never make it I'm almost 2 hours away. Is there any way to get updates during game?
yo u look so pooped on that side of the bar
Things are great! Mindgruve is grow'n like crazy. We've got 40+ crew and growing. Thanks for the kind words about Jaeden!
Both of you were amazing, specially with the heat.
for sure man, I'll see you here sometime soon
Yes, it's Rudy Trevino pitching for Ray.
Thank you, we love to have you! If you snap a pic of your meal next your at the Daily, you could win a $50 gift certificate!
So, now we know who to blame....
The sun is shining, I think I will wait till tonight for doing the laundry, I must work in the garden....
I think its funny when you call someone out on their shit they delete you off facebook
Getting ready to head out for a relaxing fishing and beer weekend!!! Cannot wait!
been sick with this cold for so long that I have trouble remembering what day it is.
thank you both! :)
Successfully maintained perfect attendance in macroeconomics, corporation finance, and organizational behavior management .. <f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092>
Where my morning crew??
Next time when i Skinny Dip in the Pool ima find someone with 42 Triple D :) Hmm not on my list but i take it!
A woman died at her own funeral She woke up in her coffin when she heard singing, got a heart attack was rushed to the hospital and died
Can someone send me a link to a long #imagine of Liam Payne? Cause im in the mood for reading one!
they must tried to take your phone and put it in the office
Seriously. "Marilyn Monroe married Arthur Miller, remember!" OTOH, Arthur Miller married Marilyn Monroe, right?
<U+FFFD>Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise<U+FFFD>
We on the road to Waldorf. Gig tonite at the WOW. Be'la Dona hits around 10
Time to finish up and submit proposal for the Wooden O Symposium... Hoping to continue my annual trip to Cedar City!
Spinach for breakfast is delicious.
-Keep waiting on you to come through the door!
Went through 2 stop signs... Nbd #epicfail!
an option.
Editing has resumed. Look out independent film world!
you cant expect people to keep it 100 with you if you dont do the same
As today is the Spring Equinox, the Earth & Sun are in perfect balance & harmony. A new healing balance comes into play.
Good ass hoes >
morning. Show off! :P
It's very important to make my first tweet about what I had for breakfast. Large iced coffee at Dunkin is 32 oz. Oops. No more coffee today.
Raymond Felton leads in apathy.
RT : I don't care what says about it. We need a national #WarOnStupid. / but that would eliminate the Republic Party?
Kate gosslin didn't do as bad as I thought she would on dancing with the stars!
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
No NYC Underground Improv Mixer This Saturday (4/21)… We'll Return 4/28… Follow us for the Latest Mixer News.
it looks awesome today!! I'm getting better at my bow tying skills. Wish you were here
Planned Parenthood of Indiana to furlough employees for a day, lay off two others if judge doesn't rule against Indiana Medicaid plan today
Hell yeah,hell yeah hell yea.fuckin right,fuckin right,allright. *
Those moments when you're just like kill me now...
Idly wondering if we could all get 2ogether & have some kind of improv music/art/love jam//foodshare in P-horn Pk in place...
eek - hit the wrong button on my phone... would luv to be there & see you, just double booked again - jeez lady!
first day of high school tom..whaaaaa! wish me good luck guys.!=) PEACE
Going to school
Just signed with the bulls, finally in a good city
Peeking in to #AECSM chat while I have a few minutes...
No problem;)
In 1840 the world’s first dental school opened in Baltimore.
Thanks, yep the 5K! I'll take wind over rain
i agree that Kronke isn't as interested as we would like, but comparing him to a relegated teams owner?
There are no limits, only plateaus, you must not stay there, you need to venture beyond them...
LCHS students want to go to Nebraska
Congrats to your Washington Capitals on going to the second round!
Avr is hanging at drunken fry
I don't regret that I stop watching.
No where else i would rather be on a Saturday night
Nope - Men's Fatness Magazine more appropriate
hahahaha I thought the school was gonna be on fire.
Normally we'd send but he's been out of commission since last night.
the wallflowers, first record. great songs on it!
i loves you too! ;) #teamaustin #baysideNYloves you
Our friends at the Stadium Inn are doing free shots for Bronco TDs and a #Tebow jersey giveaway today! Head over to The Old Standby.
Being home right now going through my old notebooks has me feeling hella mixed feelings.
Ha ha! Which shoes?...maybe they're just too small and you should give them to me!
your picture lol
yep! Me too! A teleporter would make life so much easier
Simply pouring boiling water or hot soapy water down a blocked drain can help loosen a clog to ensure no flooding will occur.
She is so cute!
yeah the product placement sucks. Like zooming on the navigation but cropping on fake footage to make it look spy-like
Time to start reading my Twitter feed in Spanish.
Always. Love what you guys do.
oops...sorry that's embarassing. Is it better or worse that you're both customers?
Was there an accident or were you just born ugly?
NOPE, RAISIN HELL RT : u better be nice to my babies! I will <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> you!
lol I've seen ALOT of ppl who gained weight since they graduated. But that's really strange..maybe there's unfinished biz?
JUST A LITTLE LONGER UNTIL THIS IS OVER
Went running & tanned today with :)
The more I learn about Romney , the more I really don't like him. Bully, silver spoon, anti-LGBT, anti helping poor, the list just grows..
Thanks, it is hard for me to know, I've looked at it so much....
Please welcome _NishaJ to the Max life
Thanks for the favorite and the RT!
I don't like you anymore. ~.~
you are going to do great today!!
Why is everyone so pissed off? i'm lost what happened with this Harley girl?!?! someone tell me!!!!!!
VI's own Dr. Juwon Hwangbo, our Chief Photogrammetrist is about to begin her presentation at ASPRS 2012 in Commercial Session 3.
yeah I'm not a member either. But will be shortly. This is going to be a heckuva campaign
Love is like those second-rate hotels where all the luxury is in the lobby.
Sweet dreaming'. <3
Thanks for the #FF mention!!!
cool.. good luck. Keep me updated!
if your gonna recite a song.. make sure you got the right lyrics.. kayy?
omg I'm such a fan of you your character patricia and house of Anubis saw tonight's episode <3 it wish i was on house of anubis
I didn't get a Chorizo lawn ornament. Guess I'll just have to buy an equally racist representation of another race at the thrift store.
people do that? Whatever happened to the stealth defriend?
True “: ": Clean clean and more cleaning blah" atleast you kno errthangs clean :-)”
Half-inning with roof open fun while it lasted...
on my weekend with whacko () i watched my week with marilyn. it was hot, as some like it.
Not nearly as much as I'd love the Maloofs
I complain to much.
I'm almost 40 and am in the same boat!
ugh i spilled iced tea everywhere
I love the trailer!!! (: can't wait!!
No matter how old you are being an asshole or inconsiderate to someone who has done nothing wrong is inexcusable.
lol. you still blogging?
RT There would be a lot less litter in the world if we just sharpened the walking sticks for the blind.
true dat. barnett's republican colors shine through in a pinch
oo geez be careful
Very soon !!!
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting Orlando Magic today at the Rose Garden at 7:00 pm. Get your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
I moved to Seattle from SFla 3 yrs ago, so there is baseball fever already. I'll be watching at 3 am here!
Thank you so much! We enjoyed being our Community Partner and look forward to continuing to collaborate in our community.
about $5 a gallon :( now that I think about it I need to pump gas o.O thanks for reminding me :)
they are alot of fun here in seattle re: and my bff runs the one in B-lo which is ALWAYS networking
FRANNNNY!!! are you gonna come to open gym on sunday? haha :)
Anyone have agood accident story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
please up part 19
#POW get it! Jog in place for me a lil.
Susan Aldridge resigning as president of online education giant UMUC, system says. Announcement is mum on rumors/controversy surrounding her
Wow. TurboTax is in every way a textbook example of how _not_ to conduct customer support. Next year: The more user-friendly paper 1040.
Keeping my campaign promise of listening to my constituents. Today: walking door to door in Otay Nestor.
YEAH FLOWER!!!!
No real evidence for dinosaur to bird evolution
grind central my nigga
It's one of my faves - fun way to shop for high-end fashion. Put your stuff on there too. :-)
31 days till I move to florida<3 so exited !!(:
lmao just letting everyone know
Hey hey Brother! Thanks for the follow!
Never realized how hard it was to fill out your bracket when your school was a 2 seed!
Yay for phone working again!
Me? Jealous? I don't have time for that childish shit. I just keep moving on...EVERYONE'S replaceable!
No u got nothin on me boy
If you're ugly and you ask me if I think so, I'll have no problem telling the truth. #i'mabitch
Excited to do a 'Diversity Day' workshop with the students at Cushing Academy in Ashburnham, MA tomorrow!
not sure I can make it out, gots a client preso to finish for tomorrow. I'll let you know otherwise
now I can follow you here too! Hope all is well.
We have a nigget in the car lmao
Love buffalo sauce but bored of ordinary chicken wings? Try the newly added Buffalo Frog Legs tonight at Beta!
What is there to talk about hm :l
Tear the roof off the sucker
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>2
Everytime Im On Twitter U On Twitter,,Damn!! Take Yo Ass To Sleep!
Franklin hits a 3 as the buzzer goes off! The #Aztecs win!!
Such a fun storm. Got woken when the back porch cover blew off. Yikes!
Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500.Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.
RT : Speaking of #THATCamp, today will be devoted to testing tech, dotting I's, and crossing T's for
Phx. Metro-Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. Have something to live for
haha. i forgot you dont have a phone.... dont be surprised when you have like 10,000 messaged from me.
It isn't fun either! RT : Drinking responsibly is not illegal!
nope, doesn't ring a bell. Lol
Maria Bermudez will be here in 2 days!!! These workshops will be INTENSE!
I'm craving a mushroom burger from Billy's Long Bar in ABQ! Do you have a fav food somewhere around town?
K9 now on scene...unclear yet what they're looking for
I thought I was the only 1 to do that. I find more time consuming than PowerPoint & not good w/ multimedia
not too sure right now
Martin Scorcese RT : M.Bison RT : Who was the last player to win the national title and be the #1 pick in the nba draft
my Sister Should Be Here In a few..
I'm punch him in the face then tell him "you have a REALLY nice smile" xD & Alright I'll do it :D
“: Foster is the best running back I've seen in a long time. Damn, that boys cold!!” Cause he is from the REAL UT
Thanks for the RT!
REMINDER 1) Turn on geolocation for tweets 2) Snap pic of sunset on Dec 31 3) Post to Twitter #LastSunset2011 4) Check rest of world
The songs, like the audience for the songs. are so fragmented-not sure there can be a "standard," as in the past.
would love to see #Torres in that form during the Champs League Final.
Everyone likes sex, that's a
I'm anxious to catch up on all the #ces tech news I missed this week. every day of the show I realize there's more that I missed!
is that the tinychat room name if not what is it
Yeah, that was odd!
Thanks for the follow. Am happy to
Sanford and sons and lovers
why do you think I waited 3 years to see it?
Great album.
Fact: black men in NY is 3% of the population but 40% of the murder victims. Smh
they woulda got your ass
says social movements matter today to create social change at the state and national level.
text me !
- You're one of my fav singers... keep it up and depend upon the beau. gift & the anointing the Lord gave you.
The curtains will be lifted of a feature in 2 hours that will make reading on the computer a WHOLE LOT easier on the eyes and more engaging.
hes still bald..
I should really unfollow some people.
That's a great line too! Love that film.
Please give a follow. She needs a few more followers to make her English assignment. :)
Want to read The Drowned Cities, Anna Dressed in Blood, and of course, Bitterblue.
No thanks, you would slow me down :-p
“The greatest gifts you can give your #children are the roots of #responsibility and the wings of #independence.”
Almost forgot today is Wednesday! Happy hump day everyone :)
I haven't held an actual conversation with him in 2 weeks.
XD I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON WHAT I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON...AH I JUST SEEN GREYSON;)
so happy to be back in good ol' Bean Station, TN.
Jim Tressel headed to the University of Akron a day after NCAA signing day... how ironic
Ugh. This blows.
im a good friend n I know it ;)
WI motorists: Major roads will still have some icy spots Fri am; some secondary roads will still be ice covered and dangerous. Drive safely!
I will later haha
American Musical and Dramatic Academy
Me..I just go with da flow
Awww...That'd be mean xD
Checks sent to Noland go to me anyway. :)
Trying to watch Xavier and Baylor Sweet 16 game, but the Baylor uniforms are burning my retinas
The cables are one of my favorite machines at the gym
Evryone is a fraud she is fake unfollow her I hate when people lie to kidk it but mentuin the real me
I want a Google+ invite!
Thinking about the Southern Most Point, in Key West. When I was there is was so pretty. It was a red letter day
I can't wait till' summer . <3 Lmao, but for what? it's not like i'mma do anything. >.<
I hate loud and obnoxious people.
EWE. GROSS. I don't even want to imagine that.ewe.
Drooling, huh? Remind me not to go near the coffee after Berkeley has been there.
This day needs to go by fast
and you take a picture and tag it with your tweet where you said you were
IAM OUT FOR A BIT JUST HAD SOME THINGS ON MY MIND I NEEDED TO PUT ON BLAST HAVE A BLESS NITE N PRAY FOR YOUR ENEMIES-
New topic - Morning Tulips
I didn't need any base. It's kind of the same consistency as base.
My last name loosely translates into: "The family that takes four fucking hours to say goodbye."
I'll just put it on your tab, you'll get a bill in the mail, hand it to ur mom
They actually had a huge spike in TV and attendance the year before Rubio arrived.
Which one are you going to get?
Seriously Chicago? Rush hour traffic at 6am?
It is my hope to do graduate work on these regions and how religion and reason clashed, much, much later...
Visited last night at with Fascinating exhibit. A must see! Inspired me to eat healthier and exercise.
I can't wait for the weekend! Been working my tail off booking events. I'm ready to move on to the next chapter of my career. Can't wait!!
Awesome! RT : #AribaLIVE 2013 is on the calendar. May 6-9, 2013 in National Harbor, Maryland. Book it!
Breathing a deep sigh of relief - all my vocal overdubs are finally done! All thats left is mixing. Here we go.
Ladies and gents make sure and follow He will follow back and promote you to his followers!!
we should chat when you are back to sf post uk...lots of people and ideas in common.
Ok. Now when are we going to get together and catch up? DM me!
Thank you to the WI State Assembly for passing a balanced budget w/o raising taxes. Special thanks to for his great leadership!
Yes! RT : RT : Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution. #peace #love and
FREE!!! :) Tips are always appreciated though;)
talk to mee!!!
Got John Johns Graduation Invitation <3 (:
A rocking commute 2day! I ate breakfast, left apt. in time, caught trains like they waited for me, got lunch AND walked into work on time!
Which conferences? Any and all we can afford where our customers might be.
thumbs down on the lakers an Kobe.
not gay per se but the rainbow that broke the curse after the kiss of love.
“: im off today”wish I was
School was boring 1 hour 30 minutes just maths
If I dont believe in myself, how can anyone else believe in me ;-)
Hey David! Great to connect with a fellow local! A vacation sure sounds nice - we'll keep you in mind! :-)
On the phone with Ohio to discuss getting correction to birth cert. for client. After we do the paperwork, get notary - it will take months.
Hey, how was the Pirates game?
I'm sick as fuck man 1 weak ass point man
Can you believe THAT voice came out of a little girl?! Oh, Cheryl & William were good, too
Might be missed most with 2013 Free Agency, Draft Prep, and internal personnel decisions
#thatawkwardmoment when you can tell a teacher will be in a bad mood by the first thing she says when you walk into the classroom hahaha
The goddamn pen is blue!!
Thanks for the RT!
I am debating ebook publishing while reading about established authors taking this route. It is different than past self-publishing venues.
Sight blinds us with mutual abhorrence; blindness is comfort, for only the invisible can be tolerated.
Who wants to go to State College!?
Is running good on my birthday a sign?
... not that I have the first clue how to make cherry brandy. It's just that it sounds tasty.
Interesting article, thank you for posting.
Excuse me but i'd like my virgin pina colada to be more slutty. Thank you.
Literally on the worst conference call ever...
. More reason for concern about methodological issues in mass digitization corporate.
#confession I beat on my girl cuz she always right and i hate that
I just saw your tweet! I know I am sorry i was MIA for so long. I'M BACK!
I need someone to text. Since a special someone won't.
I feel like shit.my throat kills and I have an awful headache. The fact that I have to do my math homework makes it even worse
Paper, Chaser
I love fried okra. Either you're a sick man or I've just never gained an appreciation for the alien slime.
too many BOYS thinkin they men nowadays. the world is going to end this year
I like your sound, especially Take your Time
Some days are not for drinking. Some days are A&W days.
Mary Quattlebuam's picture book Pirate vs. Pirate (Hyperion) pubs March 27! Publishers Weekly calls it "an all-around winner."
Quick and easy bucks to sacrifice the only real title team we have known in this town. The Sonics where ours.
1st year #lawyer mistake by #Congress in drafting #HealthCare Law, no #severance clause, ie 1 stricken #clause can't be severed frm whole.
Still don't get why people try comparing artists who produce and work with totally different styles of music
ha ha ha
im in a Grateful Dead kind of mood... oh wait, im always in a Grateful Dead kind of mood :)
I just earned the Adventurer Bonus at Costco Wholesale in MyTown2.
Our highways are populated by titanic douche bags.
Alright all you BMW fans, could you ever imagine being able to control your BMW with your phone. Even though I'm in the Philadelphia area...
aw guys, thanks for the RT! i'm swooning a little bit over here.
Tweet me
At the vigil for two slain Winter Park High teens.
I'm in Sacramento for TransformCA Transpo Choices & I'm looking forward to meeting a SD champion tomm. cc:
OMG LION WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!! :D
and by cheap you mean free? ;-)
Honest to god- I just pulled a pube out of my Subway Sub! No joke!
Its a few more days until #ff but this guy has some great things to say about #credit repair that can be applied today. -->
Worth searing into your brain: The company is Procter & Gamble, not "Proctor."
thanks for the wonderful FB post about the Seattle Stay & Play contest!!!
an example of #ABestFriend is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Paul Canton reflecting on the question "What is an event?" End result: "It is hard to do a little data modeling."
Houston apartments opening up in the renovated Heights area this week.
ah, i needed to use FN key.
Hyde Park is always kind of a dick about stuff.
4 hours left of work. #fucking end!
agreed and thank you!
March Madness office pools waste 1.8 billion dollars a year in productivity, take that "the man!"
Train oneself to notice how love conquers hate. Greet others with respect. Heal one's thoughts with grace and relaxation.
heard of Jabby?
You two are definitely my tribe. Love the feeling of coming home to my people. Great to meet you, Shauna!
So sleepy but im hanging in there. Hurry up 4:30
Perfect “You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should be doing for themselves. Abraham Lincoln RT
omfg your so annoying.
:) yours da man my brother :)
What is she doing To my Man Prodigy ! (: M NO NO NO ! We gone have to throw down now Clown #Ha i rhymed , LMFAOOOOO
Why does facebook defriendl then befriend then defriend people on my friends list? All this is done with out my consent. I don't' get it.
At Women's n Children Hospital in Chas where staffer estimated 8-9 babies born yesterday, Feb. 29th ...
“: If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill”
been home for 9 days now times a wasting we need to see each other!!
thought to myself I guess it's time that I got her back. Plus I heard her friend Michelle had a nice pussycat.
#moverslongisland ready to rock & roll! 100000 satisfied customers that will recommend us to do your move! we love you all! thanks so much
wish U where here as well..
Omg its Friday didn't realize that. But TGIF!
run cross promotions / partner with other gaming communities to increase signups
Ronnie a rock Haha poor ronnie
beyond stoked that you're now on twitter. We'll be hash tagging like a mofo!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Jeremy Wade.
I'm with you!
I'm really gonna miss working and everyone. They were like my family.
I wish I spoke every language in the world so I could speak to every simpsonizer and directioner around the world!
Time to be myself. Whoever that is
U2 in the pissin down. All the hits. Including Bad! Out Of Control!
You've had the same ringtone since, what, 2006? RT : I'm sorry I get weirdly judge-y about your choice of ringtone.
ewww hush !!! Phone works both ways ehh
I know Rudy Gay got joked when he was younger. Worst name ever for a man.
Do you take the fur off your artichoke hearts, are do you leave them au natural?
UD is upgrading UDSIS! It will be down for the upgrade Friday, Oct 14th and over that weekend.
Lakers and Nuggets Go To Seven–Oy!
Like yourself, I do what I can to class things up here. It's a job that receives little thanks, I appreciate your noticing
RT : In 1980 we elected an actor and got a leader. In 2008 we thought we elected a leader but got an actor.
Whiskey in the Jar is a great, and versatile, tune. BTW its Paddy's not Patty's ;D
are you comin down this weekend ?
Give us your best HookahTip!
Hap ppl
I may be #KPOPWHORE for the TVXQ/SuJu boys but mark my words, its not going down with Big Bang. I would party with them but nothing more...
Thanks Craig! Hope all is well with you in
I want the picture of my best friend.
I could have been the best juggler in the world.. that would have been resume worthy
How much money do you think the city of Portland spent on police during the May Day protest?
except their in Wash Ash...
Sitting in rio cash area willing to start 50/100 or 100/200 PLO if anyone wants to
registering my info now.
Loving the banana pudding and the goofy punkin we carved today.
#rhnj <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I hope is on this episode, alot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Y
there's still pinterest left
has no available yurts for 's birthday. Very sad because this means we are camping with the tent again.
im fallingg for him , hope he`s willing to catch me
$5 glasses of wine during happy hour 4-6pm. Maybe will show up too!
Who knows jamos that make bbq.
Just inflate 's ego, why don't you !
I'm only eating this gourmet organic dairy-free ice cream because, according to the picture in the window, it makes Kevin Bacon smile.
bro do work man... Pipe to Indiana man. Hope you all are doing good.
online coupons, a voucher for a free VIP Coupon Book, deals ...
The more JB info the better. You always make it clear.
WARNING ***** THIS IS A CRAZY GIRL WHO LIVE IN SWITZERLAND AND CAN´T HER DREAMS NOT LIFE CAN U HELP ME TO MAKES MY DREAM TRUE
you got it!
CD's, superglue, and salsa
#tie2011, Kuglin, eNetColorado looks like a great resource, the future on the cloud has already begun
Had a great dinner at last night. The feta/herb stuffed peppers were delicious!
Hm... 10 days till the weekend. Must keep going
..be different, keep an open mind and respect..value, create NOT destroy, capisci?
Munching on popcorn, and I ain't sharing with nobody!
Im Team Charles & and #TeamTyrrell so "chillary" fans UNFOLLOW ME!
Thank you Grace! Hope you're having a good day. #WW Cheers!
No school for me tomorrow, HALLELUJAH.
Happy Friday!!
as in two-at away
#1omf is the one for me
Thank you for the best burger in town..xx
We'll have a cup of iced tea chilling for you!
I am booked several wks in advance. However, if you would like to get things started sooner, I have an Organization Associate.
amandas basketball game
sliced with sugar!
Many homeowners use excessively strong cleaners that can strip sealant off tile & make it look dull. Let us show you what we can do for you!
Another boring klitschko fight...jab jab jab all night.
Why would twitter suggest I follow the ? Lameballs. Let it be known that I'm a fan!
Twitter is so boring anymore..
CC tenant Glenora Company selling a variety of office furniture items. If interested, e-mail Chuck at
Watching adventure time talking to reeka
Follow Us at the original Account !!!
The strip club, and club isn't a place to get love!
Now hiring for the fall! We can't believe summer is almost over!
Want lunch delivered tomorrow? 3 or more people....free delivery on any box lunch or salad!! 303.623.0525
The Walk Raleigh ped wayfinding signs will be re-posted soon!
thanx for the follow. Its good.
#Trivia Tuesday! What Clint Eastwood screen role was originally offered to John Wayne, Frank Sinatra and Paul Newman?
Feeling so lucky at the moment <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> what a good life!
I'll do it, if you do it
Want to create an Iran hostage simulation for my students. Suggestions?
This applies to the last few months. So far he's failed. RT : Redknapp just needs to restore a little order & composure here.
Lord, I pray that You will remove hatred, grievances or any unforgiving feelings in my heart that I have towards anyone.
K-Day playing and nobody is on the traffic circle
good luck tomorrow!!!!
Not as busy as you. What's your film?
On my phone I have noticed I have emails dated from 12/31/69. I was not born until 6/2/70. Que twilight zone music here....
Happy Doctor's Day!!! cares!!!
RT "Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement." ~Alfred Adler
Attending: Next Generation Learning Projects We Fund at Gates.
I guess so you can't help it right lol
Met these guys in Argentina--doing great things to help kids so check them out and get some fab looking shoes:
I always end up regretting piggginn out to fast fooooodd. Now my belly hurts and I'm going to be fat
Great meeting you guys!
Looking pretty sick eh
This is a test. My first tweet. Rich Laden, The Gazette, Colorado Springs, CO
My friend in Richfield got her pix rattle too. We wonder if its the same as Clintonville's little quakes. Where R u?
Excited! KieserMiddle 6thGrade has an fieldtrip! This ESY reaches all ages! Sad for them, no indoor play ;)
it's sickening!
Yeah Matt Kemp went all Aluminum Power bat on that one.
thank you!! cheers.
Jane Oates from US Dept of Labor: It is critical for workforce to partner with #libraries b/c of accessibility of libraries.
I wish I had a TV in my room
Dude looks like less attractive version of Johnny Depp.
RT if you wish Selena was out of the picture
i would marry lil wayne idec
Food stuff! If you see me running around say hey!
Ms. America® Pageant Announces Panel of Judges
the site isn't ready to be publicized yet
Feeling like it's gonna be an early night. I'm so thankful for the weekend I've had. ^_^
agreed! Totally awesomesauce.
Getting ready to go car browsing... Trying to stick with the theme that Im not buying today...
Is it October yet?
safe travels.. Enjoy your time in Texas
ah ok no moves for da night?
I did not choose this life, I was born and this is what I am. I wanted what every man wants, I just wanted more. I'm a lion in a man's world
One week until pitchers and catchers report to spring training! GO REDS!
I'm going to shoot you, that's what's happening.
No matter how many times you fall, keep getting back up! You're stronger than you think you are.
I'm not familiar with Showbiz Pizza. Comparable to Chuck E Cheese I assume?
BioIdentical Hormones may help you find the fountain of youth! Call Hieber’s @ 412-681-6400 or email . We work with the...
already had you entered!
RT : A great company to use for photography / marketing - strong women-owned, too! Very pleased with their service!
I made this look and sound easy #voxo #dowork #realhiphop - via
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Post photos here if you get a gift from your boss!
Ah, thanks! Now I have to post an update.
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
To be honest, I’m not sure why I fell compelled to write fiction, although I fear it may be a psychological disorder.
31 fouls against the Pacers, 38 free throws throughout the course of the game for the Heat. Pacers went weak at the end also
Can't wait to go again !
I believe I could conjure effective happenings with extraordinary money, in excess of what I needed to sustain a substantial life
Happy Birthday !!
Follow my brother for some great health and fitness blogs and personal training in San Diego.
thanks dude. youre the best. forreal!
PRAYER ALERT: God's providence for friend who resigned her lab job over employer's use of #abortion-derived cell lines. {please RT}
“: "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." -- Walter Bagehot”
Best of times. Changes like Penguin just help to weed out the idiots who pretend to know SEO but really don't :)
Glad you and Ashton were able to join us!
Love this!
less drama plus ppl gotta be computer literate lol to use it
I know! I am forwarding the origin tweet. How can we get this on ours?
why you laughing lol
xD i thought i recognized you tht test was boring as fuck -_-'
What does it say about me when most of my email is from "Doodle"?
Night every1:) Let's go dinner! I'm so hungry :P
Great ride today in Indy. Thanks to my Saturday ride crew for taking a different route, and to all the riders I met today.
So what do I change my avatar to? A close-cropped photo of Lindsay Lohan's breasts or eyes?
Welcome to the majors Scott Van Slyke
Gotta Love
eww. i did french this morning because i have my oral on monday #TERRIFIED. but no i've given up now i'm just way too tired :(
I disagree that NMAI was literal-it was very spiritual, but in a elemental way where one became many & many became one.
Dude, she just called you Mexican... Oh hell no, hold my taco.
Exactly! It's enough to make one start a whole new grad degree in game theory with a minor in human relationship networks.
Steak n shake with my girls rach and m&m :)
Over a million signatures! 6000 from my mom's hometown alone!
it doesn't matter if you wanted my opinion or not , I'm going to give it anyway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
haha yeah!!! It seems he hates all of us!!!! With his (-_-) face
- BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip...
Failed to participate in this year's Day of DH, but have now explained XML to the newest little DHer in-between diaper changes and playing.
Too funny (and accurate). RT Gingrich on leaving the race: "Not unless it gets cancer."
Just saw a flakito eating lunch with his gordita. He's totally into her and they are happy.
Healthcare will be what defies a growing population, how the world prospers, longevity of life, and how jobs get made/evolve. -My dad
You might be missing out on discounts for your auto insurance. 303-922-1001
I spend so much more time tweeting ice cream flavors at work...it's absurd. I haven't been on this thing since June...JUNE I tell you!
NP_ Brandy FT. Chris Brown #PutItDown Brandy is BACK!
because its gonna be annoying seeing all these fags from school.
I'm wait to see the cow next to Dale become a zombie! :) Moo're Brains!
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
#DWADE at the Ohio State game. I guess him and Lebron are boys cause who from CHI or Miami would go to watch the Buckeyes!
what is that suppose to mean? She is a beautiful brilliant business woman! ;)
Lol great. :) x
unlimited pizza
you better not have finished w/o me!!!
I always wonder if I made the right decision .....
what popular cover do you want us to perform at our show at Warehouse Live?
3 was good enough!
Looking for a free event? Check out the Yolo County Fair this weekend - Free admission!
you should give me a cute nickname and how do you remember my name
Leaving Huntington Beach
This soda >>
word up to mah art libraries on a saturday!
LMFAO! Nah she's not ha
Gonna be a long day! But fun ;)
that doesn't sound like a bad thing; certainly has the potential to be habit-forming...
In solidarity with #longshoremen and #Dec12 this feed recommends the classic film "On the Waterfront." HSU Library has copies.
Gud Morning twitter dolls
have you been drinking?:3 x
One day, my generation will explain to the next we grew up w/out photos of everyone's sandwiches & were not the poorer for it.
We will have to talk Sydney this week sound good?
Shavar Thomas to Montreal? Who's next? Pablo Escobar?
Wide awake, so let me do some reading so I can get sleepy
Malinowski: Syrian sent to Bahrain to be a cop and taking his aggression out on "Assad Supporters"
Is anybody at the office today?
on all night. First Mystery Team then comedy cent. Awesome night for a snowstorm!
": Axelrod retired 18 straight before giving up a couple base hits in the 7th. Still 2-0 Knights". Wow. Sox looking good.
Tyson was the greatest boxer ever!
We just released v6.2.1 with support for My Uploads and Annotations. Insight + LUNA keeps getting better.
The good and the wise lead quiet lives.
Thank u for being a friend! RT Worst sore throat ever... I might sound like Bea Arthur today.
I think will enjoy this. Rowdy Roddy Piper goes house hunting in Portland.
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
what did y'all think about the !?
Jo Witzigreuter trending worldwide <3 has Jordan seen it?
was it working before?
Working on trying #MeatlessMonday. Omelet for breakfast, veggie burger for lunch, and salad for dinner, most likely.
is it listed + tagged as office/corp?
no no no no no.... YOU are amazing. you are. silly. =]
I can stand a drunken man..please get cleaned up...
ugh u suck
Making scenarios in your head because you have so many different thoughts going thru your mind
Last night I apparently achieved 'perfect squat form' at the gym. So that's fun.
um thanks for paying my bus fare this morning, neighbs
thanks baby<3
that sucks. Lmao oh well! But he is !
The best Christmas gifts I've receive its a healthy family & close friends anything less is truly materialistic & Happy Christmas 2 all
Yes. I did just stand in a parking lot talking to a squirrel. Judge all you want. Even squirrels need friends.
Whats the #moral of tonight's #quotes? Keep it #simple, be #clear, and #promote your
thanks naytze! :D
"Conflicting information" while pouring water and Boron = bad.
RT : May the Fourth be with you, but more importantly what's for breakfast today?
ESPN NFL - Tim Tebow set sports Tweets per second record (9,420), surpassing Women's World Cup final (7,196)
killing myself next time I decide to wear these shoes.
Aite man u cool
& I at BWW. Waitress says to us: "You guys look really familiar..." Our response: "...we come here a lot"
Ive retweeted it and i loved it! i wanted to dm u but u werent following me. i thot it was hot!!! the dancing and yall! lol
Up early hol up
our bad bone head move, apologies.
I'm pretty excited the Letters Organize have reorganized.
Thanks, Meredith!
Retweeting makes people feel important!
OMGOMGOMGOMG! WHAT IF JUSTIN GIVES LAP DANCES ON BELIEVE TOUR! :D
Austinites, go eat at the in the Arboretum. Delicious sandwiches, soups and salads and they just opened today!
Need to revisit Lanham's Motives of Eloquence & his The Electronic Word - life these days involves much revisiting of "old friends."
get out of here!!
I gotta set up some playtime with Tristan & Trey !
AZ make sure you catch that performance
Manic Monday....1$ coffee at Caribou....up too late watching the Oscars-can't function without it!
I'm confused by all the enthusiasm for 's #culturomics hit piece. Not fitting trad defs of "work of history" /= "party tricks".
Is anyone else having problems with their iPhone? The 3G network is not working properly
but we do love getting those names in lights! :)
Key elements for the Future Energy Internet (Soft grid): Energy mobility, reliability, bi-directional services and data stream analytics
I'm never above bribery with a child myself. ;)
#top10Lies I'm happily single.
seriously bragging/congratting? It's been all chalk!
Should apply for my Visa® Black Card™ today? I've not been humiliatingly rejected yet and it IS fun to hear people laughing hysterically.
text me
With you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress, fearless<3
JS to group: What can IA and other such orgs do to advance democratic engagement and foster institutional change?
haha. I was gonna say you put in some miles from your tweets which is great. Im doing SD in June..first one.
lol ....how was your weekend
these are the Nike free run3. They are so lightweight, but they still give great support. I have ankle problems, and these...
The question is, are you going out tonight?
dear , I love and miss you... Talk to me more... Kbye ;)
Thanks for the follow. You look like the kind of guy every mom would like her daughter to marry. And a doctor too!
Stallings should really stop complaining. His team has benefited from the refs all game
To think I had written this game off...guess the #KobeSystem has met its match.
Heard good things about you guys. We had cocktails at your property in Turks and Caicos and we really enjoyed the place.
I’m glad all are ok, I hope?
imitators are lame
So the first date mr and mrs obama went on was to see "Do The Right Thing" lol we actually have a black president
Biggie is that nigga. Listening to big papa
Yes, and it was a great dig at Finley. Nice!
Have you picked up 's new EP? Fire!
BACK FROM TWITJAIL :>.
well thanks (: you're pretty cute yourself (;
nice man how was training?
You're totally missing out on Dunkin' Donuts this morning. Wendy and I had to beg everyone to go get them.
You can come by on your way home it's on the way! We have shots of Tequila Lime on deck.
Wrapping up work at and then off to Daytona 500
me too!! Let's go on a hunt for him! :)
how many times you gunna follow and unfollow me dude? fuck outta here
I was going to use the "Blind Squirrel" analogy.....but then I saw how humble u've been about it....
Happy Birthday ! I love and miss you so much!!!!
Tired of being at home...these people are aggravating on so many levels....that's why I'm never at.home..dub.
Prosecutor Dave Chapman says #Huguely made no effort to help Love knowing she was hurt after their encounter.
if they agree...We're still waiting.
Whoever Said Dark was Ugly and Outta Style Was a #Fool to Begin with.....
Learn how to grow your own vegetables in tight spaces at the Centre Branch on May 15th at 5:30 p.m. Pre-register online or call 251-3700.
Sweet Sweet, msg! tastes so nice! gotta be bad for me!
Thank you!!
you're welcome! I'm happy Averie and Emy got to meet you :)
Awesome! CRUSH the Lakers!
True. The RPI had the Pac-10 as the #7 conference last year and has the Pac-12 at #10 this year.
thanks for the RT!!
Love The Stones, but The Beatles for me...and you?
RT : happy birthday!
Boo! Feel better soon. (And the JC Penney commercial was awesome.) :)
I weep for our future. Such is the state of basic science education. Sigh.
Christ came for the sick and the dying. That's was me and maybe is you.If it is you can trust Him and He will always be there 4 u!
Summer Jam is about to go H.A.M
I have morals and standards I hold high. No one will ever tell me different.
Phone ringing gotta be the Mexicans!!
Seems like all my loved ones r in Cali or will be
hay who do u have 4 study skills =^__^=
Ra sushi in Huntington beach! I think so. # thegoodlife
you know what I would love for my birthday. For you to move that cursor right under my name. and click follow...that's it.
Evita=awesome,even better watching rehearsals when Ricki Martin appeared & thought I was the visiting British director! An easy mistake ;-)
Reading Turn Right at Machu Picchu and loving it. Great writing with humor and interesting information. Review to come.
Unfortunately that is a good excuse.
I guess there *are* four buildings at that corner :) No — the one with Community Fitness, die BierStube, Salvatore's, etc.…
Nice work!
Check out MiniBük samples at #NSAUN exhibitor: Blooming Twig Books. An esteemed MiniBük Value Added Reseller! See book there too!
Big event this winter w/ in #Howell MI, downtown and going to blow away every other crappy rail jam you've seen. Stay tuned
Do you believe in love at first sight? If not, I can walk past you again!
Note to Self: Don't watch Girl With A Dragon Tattoo right before bed.
Yay!! Kadir Nelson and Shane Evans. Congratulations!!!
Just got caught talking to myself by a passerbyer... Then continued the conversation.
but his restaurant was great when I was a kid.
Your generosity is much appreciated. lol.
Great A's game with
well ill talk to uvtommorow :)
Just jumping into #libchat now; late I know. Q5: I have not read it, but I don't need to to say no.
Smile - share something magical with the world. :)
wow, I'm super jealous.
City Center Tenants: Want a free sub from Capriotti's? 1st 10 people to mention this at the Concierge dest will get a coupon for a free sub!
I think I'm done ranting now. PMS Monster subsiding. I'm sorry if I hurt anyone's feelings. Except the creators of Glee.
Social Media Tactics - Wendy Moe Always have an objective in mind!
mirror on tha wall, here we are again, thru my rise and fall, youve been my only friend
hope your doing well man. Ill be out to L.A. after I graduate.
Im more of a observer than a talker..
6 cups of coffee and a half pound of jelly beans.
"He puts the noose about his neck with an air of drunken bravado and grins at his father."- THE ROPE
thanks Gil! Better in math than in physics though.
havnt heard much of you!:) hope you are doing great! 5 more days of school and I can wake up to you every morning!
But some fat ppl who lost weight never really had talent...like Mike Jones
I have never done a #oomf tweet until I wasted this tweet and your time with this one. I hate when #oomf says "#oomf".
No ... out of diet lemonade! Day ruined. Or at least less refreshed.
Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday.
Thanks for tweeting about our event! Will we see you there? cc
it's good!! How do you like echofon?
Haha one more reason to get a Chrome bag!
17 and a great guy to watch footie with. Big fan of Arsenal & Barcelona.
Are you in the courtroom?
It was great!! RT : Just had a great marketing meeting! Thx &
Network with , , , , , & more great people in 9 days!
thanks!! WE have fallen in love with YOU!
i wanna ride a motorcycle
9:47 left in the Caps game...at exactly 9:47pm...omen? Just say'n...
Done deal! Thanks for all your hard work, Eileen.
But will be interesting to see what the right wing does in targeted mailers, online advertising and w/in their closed off networks.
I'm not hard to please. I know what I want and why. It's just that simple. It's just up to you to make it happen.
I wish i could truly say that i hate you. Maybe itd make this easier.
Have a smart-phone? How about #Foursquare ? Check in at #Zarletti Newbie Special: #Free glass of #wine on your first check-in
just saw your tweet about running-wish I could run w you!!
There needs to be an awakening with this #OWS movement. Now the Obama/George Soros camp are indirectly taking over the protests.
RT": Sad, isn't it. Getting breakfast and lunch at school can be the best meals some kids will get."|Pathetic when u c crap served
Mobiles In Houston airport term A terminalink make me feel like I'm in an enormous crib.
Happy Holidays!
One collision with a deer - $3847.90
fly union make the best music
About to head to the doctor.
Thanks for the RT on this. I really hope some good comes of it and some people wake up.
I never realized what a hold the pain medicines had on me or how much they had messed up my body... Continued next tweet
just bought my ticket!
well i was gonna say a gay cancer patient but i figured it was a little harsh
On the + side,only managed 2 look through 1/5 of the boxes I had pulled. The others might hold smoking gun (or pan?)
For those of you who saw the Avengers i hope you stayed after the credits for the secret ending
no its just a ongoing joke w my friends and "The Hair" LOL I get "Edward" a lot too.
Getting ready for a vacation with family! Don't hesitate to contact Tailored Marketing though, we are always up and running!
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
but my mood just got right I'm on that level so fuck it
girl they were the bomb!
Some guy was telling me that he gets on the train car that is closest to the exit at whatever stop he's getting off at. LAZY ASS!
Today was a great day <3
yeah I know girls who think they players but really hoes lol
Hey Milwaukee - eat great, without the gluten! All #glutenfree menu items are available with no cover charge all day on Tuesdays!
Pick #10: Blockhead: The Life of Fibonacci by Joseph D'Agnese, Illustr. by John O'Brien. 20 more days of fabulous math mentor texts left!
I'm very protective of my dogs.
#Angels weaver got lit tonight but love his fire #rangers are crazy good hit like a softball team
We are receiving more requests for assistance from individuals who were recognized years ago and never needed financial assistance.
They can play beautifully...just not what's written on the page! Creating a new method to deal with that.
High school football is: warming up while the marching band plays a frantic brass version of "Poker Face"
Todays the day: unleashing the inner dragon
Is gonna be in Hollywood todayy
Can't win a championship with a delusional QB. He thinks he's Tom Brady, what he really is is average.
I really hate it when people tell me not to sing. Especially, when they're totally within their rights to do so. Especially when I feel punk
For me context is the key - from that comes the understanding of everything. ~ Kenneth Noland
no i wasnt haa . nahh it's called internet yu know yu know what that is , u use it all the time .
No matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point. And sometimes, all she needs is a hug.
J Cole and Kendrick Lamar? That'll be interesting to hear.
In Digital User Services are constantly balancing micro and macro. Being able to toggle back&forth, b able 2 connect
That's Nadja Brickle witnesses Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses. She is advocating for other moms and fighting for her kids
And I'm sure you needed the push to start talking ;) But, it is always good to set that tone early in a conf. Props to
I'm spending Halloween with and Nathan Chapman. We wrote something dirty! Loves it.
Getting ready for an early morning trip an Enhanced Reading Project workshop (at the ViewPlus headquarters) in Corvallis, OR.
Visual communication can impact our lives, our company is specialized in making your brand recognized
Oregon's uniforms ARE CLEAN!!!
This is a big question that it takes the whole neighborhood to answer. Its good to start by asking the people directly affected.
Just saw a lady on the sidewalk hock a loogey. Real
Oh don't get my hopes up! I was hoping they would be my struttin' pants, the clothes that get drinks purchase for me. Haha.
I'm still sleeping.. sorry
hey Diane, when is.your last day at #tmj4??
I am honored to have a favorite tweet from someone who went to Gudger College. Or something like that. Albatross College?
Watching old people do the soulja boy! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I dont know how, but we got it all in one take. We had no choice - no other keyboard to demolish. Laughed so hard afterwards!
What did she cook? RT : I can bring you a plate from my cousins house?!???? Lol rotfl
Oh wow. My is at 31 weeks. Can't wait to have a real little nugget.
Had to throw it out there...
I LOOK AT #SkinnyBitches DEAD WRONG....
Need a break from your last minute holiday shopping?! We're here and open till 8pm. Hope to see you guys....seating upstairs and take out
Drunk at 1pm. <U+E40D>
RT : Ah, there we go #Rockies!!!
Getting My Mind Right .
now that u say that...yes. its true. But Im still vain, and once mine always mine I can get it again no matter ur situation
Dear Cowboys- Shutdown CB, S that brings pain, O-Line, Pass Rusher. Thanks- hopeful fans
Good, good, good things happening here and I, for one, am quite happy about that. I'm a big fan of #Goodness!
Happy #MakeupMonday! How fierce is a red lip!? Try an orange lip with gloss to spice things up even more!
": It's Monday, so I'm all night. Drink specials til 8pm. You should come by, right? & $2 Lone Star pints!
Watching my guy Rocky on my hometown network
Having to drive four hours away :3 sleep time
If you meant it... Don't apologize for what you said. Only how you said it.
shout out for and follow them, they follow back!
I went outside and they have a baby in a stroller.
First call of the day: "Will I get a tan if I do the Mystic Tan? Cuz i dont want a tan. I'm dark enough." oy vey - really?!
The dress AND the ladies!
The reason why some people think they don't have enough is because they want too much.
Regional Digest: Granite Bay swimmer takes aim at Olympics - Sacramento Bee
Follow this amazing Directioner :)
imma Let it GO
Pumpkin Pi: what you get when you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by it's diameter.
They clearly have no shame :(
keep your head up bro, we both out here grinding.
Great to meet you today!
Mana concert was Awesome. !!! Loved every moment of it , danced and sanged every song with a passion .
Don't worry, liberals. Mitt Romney no longer holds people down physically. He only holds them down economically.
#ceelogreen as mystery? WHAT IS THIS?
#AustinTo700K <-- TREND THIS. Keep tweeting, guys! Try to use once in a tweet because it would not get trending if you use more than once <3
Inconsistency is sometimes good.
Once again.
Starving at work! :(
happy Easter Sarah :)
Its okae ! Yall Still My Loves , YOu did Good #TeamMindless We Will Get em Next Time Mwaahh , <U+2665>
Pancake Breakfast @ Admiral Kidd Park today from 9am-11am. Building relationships & community over a cup of jo & a pancake or 2!
it was terrible lol
Crystal Castles in the morning >>>
so what is your #running or #cycling gear for freezing temps?
Hey .... Great seeing you in San Antonio. Our delivery customers love your bags
let me know if you and want to grab coffee!
I would be so thankful if responded to me on twitter (:
The Hangar One bartender competition is ON! Come on down to Benelux to check it out...
goodnight<3 i love you so much! hopefully tomorrow will be the day u notice and follow me<3
NBA: Under 204 Houston vs Denver. Under 189 Golden St vs Philly. Utah +4.5. Phoenix Suns +3. Under 195.5 Lakers vs Sacramento. Good Luck!!!
Go Hogs Go!
Mark Foster is from Cleveland OH - don't think he's a relation of one of the beach boys.
Yo Rigbone! When you guys coming back?
Watching " bromance " ugh niga higa is so cute<3<3<3 and I love chester's voice :o
#kids Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton: Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton from Friday, May 25, 2012 at 6:00 PM to...
Mets gamee trip tomorrow! <U+26BE>
Best #PLL all season!!!
you can count?
Careers in Transition: a study in metabolizing the recession? Possibly . . .
Stay HUNGRY!!!!!
bless them and progress them
you are welcome how cool i m 16 to lol
I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC.
1st lightning bugs of the year! And they're out in the rain. Because of rain, I will hold off frolicing in the fields with them till later.
T buckets in LF today batting 6th - time to give the people what they want
“: i hate boys” slowly going to the duzi side <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
so much for 420 for me. guess im going to the movies with my dad.
My choice early in life was either to be a piano-player in a whorehouse or a politician And to tell the truth, there's hardly any difference
Looking into med insurance for self employed me, any suggestions? Already checked out Aetna. Thx!
But no druk talk tho...gonna get my dudes tatted
So glad I got my Legend 1 status in NHL12 in only 150 games. Sadly I still need to get Legend 2 and Legend 3.
Thank you!
Gaga Is Our Valentine
! this is my king's kid dream come true.
Fabulous! Working on the tags now. :) Pink Wiggle Butts coming right up!
Stuffed red peppers in the oven
that is my fav!! How can you not love a cupcake with a whole Oreo baked in the middle!!
I'm home. Come over.
My two final papers I have to write are on Boondock Saints and The Hunger Game... I can't really complain...
Lol remember who I was staying with for a summer? My sister had her rent paid for the entire summer. I lived with her because I wanted to!
Finally getting into ski shape.
thank you for following! :)
NEED: Exceptional individuals with Student with Disabilties certificate and conflict resolution skills for an SOS Teacher position. DM us!
3 classes till in Rochester! Let's fucking rage!
I'll email you a membership application & add you to the email list.
Theres so much i wanna do #solittletime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
How about those Lakers though
As much as it sickens me, I'm going for the
Watching Ugly Betty. She's all giddy over Adele... back in her Home Town Glory days.
Follow me ill follow u
Archery is wonderful and all, but can we all take up shield throwing?
- Seattle - Seattle is the city of neighborhoods. Join us as we create symbols for the public domain
Heading into the final week of Lend Me A Tenor... What a pleasure it has been to work with this cast and crew! Back to NYC Next Week!
This thread is amazing Dude.
is the Westboro Baptist Church of twitter
Come relax
Our kids are our future and you are theirs.Love,Guide your children for success.It's a beautiful thing.
haha I'm sorry. That last one doesn't giveaway much. Really a foot note. I'll try to keep Mad Men tweets to Sunday and Mondays.
Sorry i beat you too it.. i'm always in for another time though.
Paddy's day "HOOKS HOODIES" are being printed right now hit us up if you wanna purchase limited amounts available and i mean LIMITED....
1 in 5 females have experienced Sexual Assualt while in college. #RecognizeReact What can we do as #highered pros to makes these stats drop?
i think were the only 2, and the promo was a lie
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Pants that fit.
Great 2 hang w/ yesterday in SanFran. Sorry 2 miss your closing keynote @ #HRSummit2012. Has nothing 2 do w/ u missing mine:)
I'm at the Cheezburger party which is still going strong but I'm thinking about moving on. Go get some Death Metal Pizza?
Photoshoot today with the AMAZING Johana Hernandez and our gorgeous model - CHELSEA @ Photogenics!
Congrats to my bro and sis in law, Steve and April, who just had their baby boy! Welcome to the world, Owen Todd!! xoxoxoxo We love you!
yeah you are...
looks hella good bro!
think that #computerscience for archivists is necessary as part of masters degree just like paliography.
Lol...ah mane you in my hood I got mad funzzzzz
You know your school is classy when you have exit signs that start smoking...wtf.
that is awesome, buy me one!
so where did you go
um. no..i dont
Too true, they do. For me as well!
I'm sure they're good kids. I just dont really "do" kids.
Ate most of a 28 oz Tornado Room ribeye the other day. Proved to be no match for a Mickie's scrambler this afternoon though.
Got textbooks? Sell your books at Bookholders and get Fast Cash!
Laws have not caught up to new technology. Because we have old farts on the S. Court.
I'm working on it!! My wife won't be very thrilled I'm sure.
was only excited when i saw that you had mentioned me and what nots and i also enjoyed you calling me a slut! end story
Getting ready for this year's Fiesta! Can't wait, the Museum has lots of new stuff for visitors to see!
Thanks for the #FF!
Part I: The Energy that Drives the Stars Comes Closer to Earth
Gold is a bubble, only buying if I can wear it!
enjoy SF ; over for badges comp final I assume?
very nice! :)
90% of the worlds data was created during the last two years!
Building Blocks ...
apples vs oranges
I still love my broncos!Can't wait till the draft 2 fill in the gaps,plus actually having an off season will be good 4 tebow!
I need more drinks and less lights!
Get laid? Of course!
Hope the weather holds up for my boys this weekend. Let's go 5 and 0 again!
Nanas talking my ear off /: lol
hee hee not this time at least :)
you sound like your sister.. yall some snacking ass ppl lmao..
Communism can only come when society is ready for it. It cannot be merely instituted. It must evolve, and will evolve.
I blame steeping myself in C++ this weekend. Why the fuck did I do that? I have a C++ hangover. I should write a Bloody Mary in JavaScript.
How many times will tiger go off at fans at the masters?
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision. I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
I just realized that Quadfest is this weekend. Have fun, Radford. Light something on fire and then pee on it, you know, for old time's sake
Haagen Dazs ice cream = best ice cream ever!!!
has anyone ever made lemon curd from scratch? I'm obsessed by the idea today for some reason.
From CCBH: Thank you 4 your beautiful tributes last night!
Oh that is dangerous!
far better than bandhs, losses, warnings to Andhra people in hyderabad, loss to industry and small businesses.
rise my followers up to 100 and the 100th follower ill tell all my followers to follow you.!!
Let's go #Packers!
More like iSuck
Pizza for breakfeast! :b
follow back GUH!!!
Good Morning! "To know the road ahead, ask those coming back"-Chinese Proverb Have a wonderful day!
It's official. WrestleMania 29 coming to MetLife Stadium in 2013. I wonder how will it impact future #sponsorship deals with #wwe. Big deal
All the insane women So passionate with their lack of trust they make it up with lust. and it don't make since until the drawers come off
Uh oh Damien, don't kill the coach! Ready, OK!
!!! RT : We are taking names & making lists! They messed w/ the wrong women!
not that much what was wrong with her
Pussies can't even tell me who they are when they text me.
We've got a new masseuse in the house! Heather is brilliant: call or email to make an appointment today.
Just saw and on TV. Awesome.
I expect a lot if they know what is good for them to do pro bono work and pick up a copy of street lawyer. You will have fun they
50 Lashes! LOL j/k looks like it's crawling back up again
wow...i need to get training on how to use twitter more effectively
i was hoping at least "why are we discussing this on a first date when i already told you i love Braun?" would clear it up
She was on Family Matters and now I am casting for her new Show one of the three I am casting for for the break down email me below email
Congrats to at large chas city council winners Mary Jean Davis Tom Lane Jerry Ware and Kasey Russell
What's making you feel like dancing today?
sounds like a sick line up.
*opens arms* you need a hug?
Dodgeball Tournament always beats going to the Book Club meeting :( Oh well.
sick of sharing?
Women to follow on Twitter who are in "Boston: Inspirational Women" including
Sorry!!! Stripe guessed my password! I don't know how he knew it was "waterandsunsuck"
I promise to let you know...your voice needs to be heard way more often!
SYR will get better, too!
uh no, they won't be better.
Then we will remember, things we said today.
Are the O's and Cards talking trade based on 's cryptic tweet?
Thanks for the follow! you rock
I have no idea! Especially when tickets for their summer tour just went on sale a few weeks ago!
The end of the Call Me Maybe video is hilarious.
My brother always tells me I'm not a girl.
sounds legit!
We dont use block
Awesome call from Grandma!
follow me please
South Park Walkabout tonight. Looking forward to some craft beer, and stress relief. Station, Whistle Stop, Alchemy. Watch out!
I'll go in between them legs while she crying! That'll take the pain away. Haha. <U+E409>
Actually- HoHoBlo is not till the 15th. Fun!!!
ah, the great marital question: how do I know when not to do something? We married men have struggled with this for centuries
No water here on 600 block of Cathedral St. Did anyone consider notifying residents when this would be? (Under-street pipes being replaced)
You know you're a Mahomie when you really want someone to make Austin Mahone cut outs.
going to bed
She deserved it! And she's so beautiful!
s/o to the weekend ily
long Sunday mornings are what life is all about! Happy Day :-)
Wtf... It's one direction infection ! Not fever !! Haha get it straight ( ;
Bryce Harper just got in the league niggas already throwing at him?
My mom promised me sushi tonight. If she breaks that promise, I will be pissed.
My cable goes out more than I do.
Lol , it was random ! They asked me if I wanted to kick it & shit O.o
thanks for the RT! Don't get caught in the hoards!
My African History Professor laughed at me today because I mispronounced the name of a tribe in Central Africa.
Two months/weeks/days/hours later, they'll announce their new position.
Where Men Win Glory: Oddessy of Pat Tillman by John Krackauer is a must.
Finally finished cleaning out my car.......im just hoping it stay dat way. Even tho I kno its not.. Smh!
this website rocks
Thanks for the re-tweet bud! Hopefully we see you soon.
and no not home...I work part days at an office. (t-f 10-2)
Gonna be giving away an ipad every Monday night football game this season, stay tuned!
To choose your steps And won't regret This kind of aggravation
haha sure if being named after groceries is cool lol whatever floats your boat! Lol ahh lame!! Straight or gay? :b
it's 4am and your lover won't answer? Probably somewhere with a dancer! <-- or maybe even with another lover!
lol RT : Being sick is way more tolerable when you own a parrot who imitates every sneeze and nose-blow.
Energy Policies That Will Lead to Economic Growth "Doing something" for the economic development means "doing something" for energy devel
I. Freaking. Wish. Actually it's about the size of a peanut.
yesterday and today have been a blur. i blame this week's #madmen episode on my state of mind....
People who talk about what they did to help someone else have gotten their reward! Always give from the heart!
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
So exciting! I'm glad to hear that. Wicked is keeping me very busy :)
let's go see the killers an make out in the bleachers
Good thing #comcast offers a 30 day guarantee. It is day 3 and the so called tech "support" has me looking at other providers.
Feeling a bit stiff today after a grinding hike through Honeycreek trail on Sat,,
he is cracking up laughing
I've been around doll! I heart Lynne. That is a great post. :)
The Lakers R silently singing /humming "Who can it be knockin on my door?" - (the Men At Work song)
Oh you look amazing in our White Mamba shirt! Hope you enjoy it!!
I can send you a box of rubber bands, if you like.
Apparently Subway feels the need to hire ugly people for their commercials.
RT : LOCALS: Semaphore meeting tonight @ Duke, Greater than Games lab in Smith, 5:45pm. Dinner! Discussion! See you there.
today = total concentration and productivity
Just slipped by the girl scout cookie table unscathed..sweet victory!!
you will love it! a pink box of goodies each month! RT: happy to see in my inbox, looking forward to first delivery!
Only one more day until mimi's birthday!
Beauty & the Beast!!
It's so cold out. I hate it. Bo
Recruitment lunch tomorrow!
Gonna miss you being on the tubes. Good Luck
Cant wait to visit back home
Everyone taking #UK ... All pressure on Kentucky. Just how #kansas wants it.
So I was just informed that my parents wont be back until Wednesday now.
Get out of my life!
AAAHHH. Just follow me. Oh, and give that iPod... WE FOLLOW YOU ON KEEK, BRO.
New haircut? FYI, & I may be coming down this wknd, talking to some friends abt a Zoo trip if you & are free
i just cant, he never texts me back anyways
i should put my ass to bed huh?
How was your Christmas?
I want summer to come already. I'm tired of school.
I don't know what it is about late nights but I always seem to write some awesome lyrics at this time.
: Do things crawl out of the soup at Darwin themed restaurant?
Trade you an ass kicking poster design for 4 tickets to the next DC show. Interested?
It's so amazing to look back and realize how far I've gotten so far.
GUESS WHO GETS TO DO THEIR MATH TEST AT HOME. me yay. because i can google everything
Fetish Friday at the Gio show @ 3160 north Clark 9:30pm Win your sexy surprise gift basket sponsored by Lover's Lane
yikes! I am sure it will be great! Can't wait, but now scared. Will I cry? And how long will I need to run to de-stress it? ;)
: but really. Now I REALLY
LMAO DAT LAST TWEET WAS KINDA PIMPISH SMH I GOT REMEMBER I LEFT PIMPING ALONE
Happy Birthday to all the Marines out there
Harbor PD officer at the car wash asked if my truck was the one with the #Raiders emblem..I said yup, I take it I'll see you later?
well actually me and made it and never told you. We left you with the snicklefritzzz
A new day in a new year. Shed the ugly past and look for a beautiful future.
I think so too... Check my pro-branding posts for my more holistic definition of branding.
Gudmornin 2 all my beautiful n handsome ppl of da world. God has blessd u 2 wake up dis morning so thank Him. 4wrd 2 20 ppl n yu will b ...
merci! Fantastic meeting you!
i don't go to school anymore but i still have to write a 5 page essay. -_-
In the words of Mark Twain ... no, it was Benjamin Franklin ... wait, Winston Churchill?
stupid hoe is my enemy !
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
Reading Life & Style's "Stars Without Makeup" issue. Some of them have makeup on. Hot pink is not a natural lip color. #Life&Style
I can never be the "fuck love" type, tho. That's weak shit. Nothing worth having in life will come easily.
Every ones not ment to be in a Real relationship
Hopefully You have gotten it by now! If not, you should contact where ever you ordered it from. :)
I have tomorrow morning off too! This is cray.
Trying to get Austin to follow me might cry a river if he doesn't I've tried everything ::(
messed up UR competition by me tell U something about us & I already no that I don't need 2 apologize 4 that but I'd still like
Thanks for following. Good luck with your new idea. Sounds like you need to do it!
No problem. Hopefully this helps the STH enjoy seeing an actual Pirates BP. This is a huge deal.
I love my boyfriend and i mean it. he has proven himself to me. <3
RT : heading into Rodrigo Hernandez's execution.// you're brave
try tweetdeck. i've been using it for awhile and like many things about it.
Had a grapefruit for breakfast this morning. I guess the Buffett rules apply to me too now.
Hi its the Feather Ladë...so text me some ideas you might have in mind for the
I told my daddy imma get me a white boy he like you probably already got one.. & my momma just laughed cause she know who I'm wit..
Les figured it out
Kris Brown comes up big for the Ravens.
": hell ya girl u kno I be workin first" haha u know we be waiting for you ta get home!
thanks for following me! #followback Q: are you in SF next week? I'll be there 17-20.
reading the newspaper out Loud.. shit keiths do
I'm alright... Could be better. Thanks babe! I don't know when but hopefully soon! :/
I hate my legs :(
Prosecutor points out Bronson took Prozac daily. Bronson: "I'm sure there was (side effects to combining w/alcohol)--I just never paid attn"
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there. A great day to you fore a job well done!
college fair NYC. Parents & students are here dreaming and planning out their futures. So many options, so many way to go!
Looking forward to volunteering and 'digging in' with our client, Bland Landscaping, today down at InterFaith !
damn got caught with lily on the elevator :)
o my goooodnessss!
See, durian isn't that bad! Just not that good, either. ;)
what a perfect view!
thats the "my cat from hell" guy
wishing my eldest duaghter, kiasiah a happy 12th birthday!!! mommy luvs you~ lord, i hav a 12 year old! lol times flies!
2/23/1789->J. Monroe:That a Spirit of unanimity accomodation&rectitude may prevail extensively...from general govt is the sincere wish
Just tapped Skookum's Vanilla Coffee Porter.
needs to find a museum in the DFW area to work in...who's hiring?
Your audience is smart. The womanizer segment that's airing on CW in Vegas now is for Jerry Springer. Doesn't work for you!
Getting together tomorrow for another writing session!
I miss you too! I'm glad you appreciate my craziness, haha.
Here we go, sliding into the digital ether, the physical realities vaporized into a wet, pungent exhalation.
Wouldn't be at all surprised if Romney got his "culture of envy" phrase from Harold Bloom's "culture of resentment."
Benton Lions Club gives $23,000+ to Rend Lake College Foundation
Wearing a hat 'cause your ginger.
“: just talked w joe Johnson. said no effort in game 4. wasnt sure if it would be there for game 5” What?!
I think it should be called green friday for all the money that's spent.
Getting Chinese #chicken&rice <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E>
RT : Write a positive note today to a parent about how great their child is doing in speech!
Need to see if I can get more hours at work. I need some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> asap.
#3WordsOfAdvice keep moving forward.
will follow bak if u follow her
Good morning (: Haha, I don't tweet as much as I did anymore.
suggestions for greatest #GAMECUBE game(s)? can play on mah #WII, so wanna scour thrift shops, garage sales, etc...
Happiest of birthday weeks to a couple shining Kennedy Kids: Erin and Kristin!
That puts Hamilton on pace for 80. (He won't hit 80.)
Already have my homework done!
IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU TWEET ME BAK DAT IM NOT!!!!
I know what you mean. Painful !
daily... We are working out the bugs. Casting directors are posting only a few jobs during testing, so you are not missing out.
“: I can see you're sad even when you smile, even when you laugh, I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry. - Eminem”
Disappointed but in the end it is what it is and I just gotta push harder!
Might as well just send my paychecks directly to New Princeton Encyclopedia of Poetry and Poetics in the mail.
Smells like someone literally pooped in the library.
And her priorities are all out of wack. Chateau ShaBroke.
RT "thanks" Got my car detailed... So it's MY fault it's been raining all day in Chicago.
Blazing hot in #Healdsburg, but off for a champagne picnic as the birthday continues!
u think? He's a great orator
When are we hanging out? WHEN?!:(
Haven't had the time to catch #IDESofMARCH yet? Have no fear, it continues its campaign Jan 20-26th
the week after I'm seeing Marina :O
We all wanted it, now we got it. #Dreamgame2012 Go Big Blue
why are people so nosey...
CAN'T WAIT TILL
Thursday already?
MAU is batting #500. The unversity welcomed its 500th #Facebook fan this morning! Thanks for all your support. You're the best!
Wow, Colin just rambled on, didn't he? I looked away for a few minutes, came back, and he was still going!
Really -- only 10! You're a terrible native. Of course you're not from the part of Kentucky where the culture comes from ;-)
11:07pm and my dog is ripping around the house chasing cats through the windows. TERRIERS!
This weather is ridiculous! Sunshine now please!
YEAH Michelle Pfeiffer on JAY LENO AWSEOME #ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex fart
Thank you for the follow - it's an honor for us!
Considering god doesn't exist I find it funny everyone puts soot on their forehead in hopes of salvation
tweeting while driving .. and in the rain. REBEL!
Today is one of those days that you want to CMD+C and CMD+V
Tomorrow isnt promised...as we learned today.
Hey all, does anyone have/or know of somebody with the RED camera in Dallas? If you do, please DM me - I'm looking for one ASAP. Thanks!!
At UT e3w interest group's 11th annual Sequels conference.
Bdubs has the music banging in the restrooms haha
Listening party may 5th
love the positivity! Keep workin hard & follow those dreams. Proud of u Tai!
I've entered the #Zumba Halloween giveway! Wouldn't it be nice if I won?
Try to set aside 30 minutes per day for yourself...exercise, meditation, whatever it may be....set time aside for you!
fuck them we got to support our team and praying now for drose a healthy in speedy recovery. It's time now to do this for him!
Listening to the new Meek Mill mixtape again... then gonna go rob sum motherfuckers... again
how is everyone this morning!? (: anyone in the seattle area gonna be at the game changers show tonight? c:
you know I would b the mack daddy the abominable HOEman
sounds terrible :)
PROUD OF GREAT JOB UR DOING, FACTS YOU ARE SHARING & UR PROFESSIONAL AUDACITY! POLITICS NATION'S IS MY FAVORITE
abby you know how to cut the core. RT : R.I.P St. Valentine
Juno is on. such a happy camper
Yay! Congrats Berto on getting drafted to Miami!
Perfect day to jam some Transit.
On a completely random note, my 20 year old sister is watching some whack Disney channel show. She's addicted.
Goal this weekend was to reach 4000 words. I'm still 1000 short. Oops.
I did not expect Hölderlin to be quoted in the context of French elections. But there you go, did.
I can't think of a word to describe Flint Michigan.....
After the bloopers from Hairston and Lucroy, lot of hard hit balls off of Ohlendorf
Oh Season 2 of Downton Abbey...you're already making my mascara run.
Need motivation to hit the gym!
When we started Dagnomusic we wanted to give bands a way to make money again! It's Working check it out!
- i Have never seen my puggie this KNOCKED out (: lmao . He wont wake up for nadaa
where is she going??
like wanting to build bridges without studying math.
hahaha ya know me!
It's Justin's world, we just live in it. #RRchat Myspace vs. Spotify
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. Christian Furchtegott Gellert
Mall tomorrow its gonna be interesting, let's get it crackinn!!
Thanks for the mention and the conversation.
ninja rap GO NINJA GO NINJA GO!!!!
While it might be their spring seasonal Magic Hat's Vinyl Lager has quickly become my favorite beer for this mild winter
just FYI, Asante, I wish you were still pulling down ints for coach Reid… sucks.
I've missed you while I was gone! What have you been up to? :)
Please DM me your mailing address so I can send you the laminated business card/luggage tag from the CP Cal conf. Thanks!
171 students registered for our Workforce Leadership Summit... still room
I think you know.... think Marines w/ candy in China 1930s. Candy/sugar scarce & used to "sweeten deals"
Optimism: the caffeine of Happiness.
gotta love cocky Boston fans :)
i like random, funny tweets better than boyfriend quotes or quotes about life.. i mean they are ok but i read them a lot.
First encounter w/ corn truffle ice cream: gross. Beer bacon chocolate ice cream, however. There we have a winner. (Note: V. SMALL PORTIONS)
SO you have a lot of friends heading that way?
Anyone know a good solution for getting blood stains out of your cars trunk?
People you gotta know: Jon my manager Tyler main producer/writer Seth main producer/writer Marcus COOLEST dj ever Maddi is mah sister
everyone look at their keyboard! u & i are together ;)) and "j, k" are right underneath it
Not sure where went! Let me see if I can track him down.
you clean keyboards, but got a CNA.
About to blog about #casa2012 esp really terrific religion panel
If y'all are fresh to death, then im deceased.
Anytime. That room is pretty sweet. Also--forgot to tell you. We can renew you at any time for 2013!
next time i see you, i'm giving you a high-five. cause hugs are overrate, just fyi.
As long as we all understand that Aerosmith piece on 60 Minutes was a put-on...
Similar to reaction to Tavon Wilson pick here at #Patriots draft.
Craving subway
any 7th grader is cooler than a contemporary adult loser!
Big Bill is amused by attempts by twitbots to trick him into clicking on their URLs. I was Mayor of Chicago; you think I'm a pushover?
Everytime when im done with my homework, I leave it on my desk , and I wait till the morning to put it in my binder
#sotellmewhy I have to go to school, and waste my life?
Right. I'm totally serious. Because I give a shit what total strangers think. You got me.
A Justin bieber fan supporting for Greyson chance. Wtf -.-
you're hot.
NAHBS is tomorrow! You know we have something planned...
Thx for follow. I work with Rick Matteson of CCT. Very excited to share his breakthrough treatment for suicide.
So our school had a soft lockdown today. Rumor has it he was either selling drugs or had a gun. Lmao Vegas is something else xD
ok the first person that i wanned too meet was AND he will always have my heart now the second person i wanna meet is
Double Standard Update: "CNN Reporter uses N word? Please?"...No one will care. Said on FOX? As Sen. Clay Davis use to say, "sheet."
Orangutans at Miami zoo use iPad to draw, play games and expand vocabulary. Did they play Angry Birds?
Oh dear. Hope that's good news! (Maybe I'll have to grab an extra copy to send to my parents.)
GCER X-Mas Special for your last minute electronic presents: Like us on Facebook and receive 10% off our retail store Today until 12/24!!
you r tha sexiest man/beast on TV #teenwolf ;)
Drove a vaudeville show home tonight in form of the great and ! You are both brilliant.
Love that Woody Allen won best screen play for Midnight in Paris-
MT : One of our librarians was just arrested for trespassing when she went into the #UnionSq #WholeFoods to use the bathroom.
Hi Everyone! Super deal from Long Island Movers: get 3 free wardroboxes with any local or long distance moving (Valid till 07/24/2011
Some people are so effin stupid. My gosh. I want to punch you in the face!
okay McDonald's commercial, I've seen the eggs used for breakfast and they aren't sold at Kroger hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
#Staging Tip #42 Purchase a tasteful welcome door mat! Congrats 2 Kali Mallard - winner of $200 Budget Blinds Gift Card Giveaway!
Perhaps the bestest of all best twitterings!
Our customers have been able to create custom apps via our APIs - D&BDirect
we don't need special days to remind us how much we love each other
Prayer: save, deliver, heal, set free, destroy the yoke, set the captive free. ohh JESUS!!
I want to go out and dance so badly ... being responsible. Being a good boy for a while now. It's getting tired instead of in trouble...damn
Had a great time seeing tonight! t.co/CNi6fWeB
Hoping for a stop in NY or MT We sold out DC in under 1 hr! Next up is Philly-Jan 23-world cafe
I'd put my money on the polr bear. They eat navy seals right. Grizzly bears just steal picinic baskets.
Your profile picture is GORGEOUS! <3 (:
“: Whoever said white men can't jump has clearly never played Temple Run”
That makes me sad, they need to heal that relationship some day. #Royals and Frank White are bigger than a workplace dispute.
Sorry if I offended any of you guys, But Sanders Pissed me off to 3rd power tonight when his defense for voting no was a GOP fabricated Lie
And Aiden Grimshaw's "Is This Love". RT : Need a mash-up of Will. i. am's "This Is Love" and Bob Marley's "Is This Love."
God i love assholes that make a scene in the middle of the street in riverside ahha it was so great!
Saturday is the day to catch up on reading..what are you reading?
Think the #Rams will go OL or WR in 1st? Blackmon would be hard to pass up.
#bestfeelingever seeing requesting to follow you on twitter, and tweeting how we are the best fans. well we are (: !
oh shitttt aren't you getting tatted today?
Amare blames wrong prescription glasses for broken hand. Said "I thought it was a teddy bear or some shit".
Oh that's wonderful! Did you take that pic?
RT : Sad day for hip hop....RIP Adam Yauch.
Happy Thursday everyone! One day closer to the weekend.
Social studies with me (;
cracker barrel
Pitch in Chievo vs. Roma reminds me of my days playing U-12's. Waterlogged is an understatement. & keeping it fun.
thanks so much! :)
Yes! Bookmobiles bring books 2 readers (Check out Biblioburro by Winter) Like u say:systemic change, library vision/model must evolve
Thanks for the Retweet, I just had to get that out :)
As always, we host Sunday Supper at Balsan from 5 to 10 p.m.: three courses, from RIA seafood to our newest garden finds. Menu on the way...
Get over it: Change is a mode of living that no one wants to accept. Even if we don't know its happening... It is! Better to just let it.
I'm gonna watch Adventure Time now.
Lean Cuisine leaves me cold, empty, alone.
I forgot my damn lunch, now I cant eat and my brother wont buy me food either. Today sucks.
Thank goodness for Ryan Braun. Still need one more.
Oh, i'm smart... And suure ahah :)
I will! Tweet me too!(:
FINALLY got a Twitter!
I couldn't do all that flying bubba
I know how to create clipping and layer masks in Photoshop now! Thanks, Training and Development program!
HERE WE GO BRUINS!!! THIS IS IT!
take your vitamins!
Faster than we all think, this may be getting to where ordinary football plays are the issue, not just super-violent hits/bounties.
Happy Easter from all of us!
RT“: Baseball Tonight followers: Which MLB player do you think has true #Want?” and the O's
hello-what's doing?
Thanks - We'd love for you to try it soon - though a bridge may have a little trouble typing. ;D
yeah, it's kinda creepy.
since you can use your app to check in & it pushes to
Marian is describing a project from Transmodern Festival, in which she built a filter for harbor water, and invited people to sample it.
Just for the record, I don't hate anyone. I understand that it takes two people and my focus is working on my relationship and moving on.
"When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground." - African proverb. This quote inspired me to open 369 Productions.
no I didn't
Apparently i smell familiar
makin dat fire bro! I still got like 20 more beats to break down
the world may never know
"thank god for hometowns". Damn it feels good2b in city that has claim 2 13 world championships,no matter how old I get it'll always b home
poweroutage expanded up the block to 4th and L and for several blocks around
“: LA ..later <U+270C>”you gone from Lawrence?
Thanks so much for the #FF!
it would be awesome to have you there! I have to get rid of Wyatt weight!!
It's midnight and VA House is about to vote on over 40 judges for Court of Appeals, General District Court, Juvenile and Domestic Relations.
Happy Good Friday! Come try some NC Catfish. It's awesome!
Cuomo Says Talk of Presidential Bid Is Premature Addressing for the first time speculation in political circles that he might be a candid
Good Morning beautiful people!
is this the REAL Marc Summers?! #HugeFan #DoubleDare rules. They fools for thinking you'd do it for free; fans want you back, tho!
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Yep! Going tomorrow night after the Saturday service!
Be Humble !
Thanks for the follow!
All I wanna know girl what yo name is I see them other niggaz they be on that lame shit I can take care of you and them girls you came wit
Long hair, dont care
The show is firmly In A Zone.
Are you able to attend many games?
dang it. Yeah it's kinda weird that he found so many.
Wow! My upper body is really sore today after a great class from
I fucking love The Who.
i knowww! i never thought she would ever get an iphone. lol
Today was CUTE (: Like Him ..
I did. I saw your tweet, decided to call and got through. Hoping everything works out from here on. Thxs for the recommendation.
Looking good fellas! Looking good
TELL THE FEDS I'M READY TO CUT A DEAL! I'll even throw Aunt Margie under da bus. Why did I fire Alice I could have blame her
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!!!!!(;
I know not to call Scooter if im ever in danger. Lmao
Movie premiere shirts on deck!!! Thanks to all who have been down and believed in 1of1 Apparel and Promotions. 1 Luv
Tell me i aint flickin like that
This Sat nite we're kicking off the birthday party of local rock&roll hero w/ Jackrabbit, The Outlaws
yea, he has a song size limit - talking about removing it, esp for live recordings. Hey do you have a sec to get LL?
1 series down 3 to go. You guys are going to get 18 this year. Make more history tonight. Good Luck PP!
Overheard on B'more westside, older lady to security guard: "...and I woke up yesterday with someone else's dentures *in my mouth*."
yes they do. How do they get a whole extra yard on the spot???
can i just say, idaf if one direction sold out MSG quicker than Justin; there a BAND. Justin was ONE person.
“ I'm about to do some Just Dance for about an hour!!!!!” AWESOME!
Thank you. Happy Birthday to dad!
: in Silver Spring about to see your other work!
The tuition remittance for a graduate assistantship is taxable income. The tuition remittance for football scholarship is not. Why?
lives in a green screen and lets others paint my world. <3 bri
Having fun hanging out with my cousins in Nob Hill
whats the score?
Watching ceo on #bloombergwest , the ultrabook/tablet hybrid is sweet. Hopefully I can run #redhat or #freebsd on it
Thanks for the FF mention!
that would be nice to attend. Let me know how it go....
Exactly. I need to get my hands on my own copy. Meanwhile, playing on another. Hoprfully we get any word tomorrow.
what class?
“: Round two I tee off at 8:20 #patience”-show them the way!
I aplogize for what I did but u can't even talk to me really arguing for what come on now jus talk to me
Can anyone hook me up with an Allstate agent in the Denver metro area? I have MONEY for them... #WorkSmarterHotHarder KNOWS
were going to try. Shooting video too and we will put up ASAP.
“: haha okay :)”<< thanks now promote us! Hahaha
We are on Facebook too please "like" our page!
New song Tom Tom from is rockin'! Check it out at their website. They're a huge influence on us
I'd really like a percentage of opening day rosters being in tact now. who still even has the same roster from April? #everyone'sdying
might wanna go ahead and throw those away!
#dhtrial does no pizza mean a decision? Jury not taking a lunch . Guessing its verdict time.
um I guess I'll accept it lol...
just sitting in this hotel hungry ._. wbu? :3
Waiting for the one, the day that never comes, when you stand down and feel the warm, no the sunshine never comees uoo uoo uoo- METALLICA*.*
I am ten years old but I'll beat your ass
But does that count as a double-vote, ?
. I will 4th that. Flying blows
not really, I'm always meaning to go but I usually never make it out. One day I'm gonna go dressed as a Mexican She-Ra. :-P
whats going on tonight?
I'm seeing more of that happen... it's really absurd. people can't talk?
My evening consists of long bus rides and lots of pirates of the Caribbean movies
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
T. Walters: shout out for tool kits for discovery, analysis, data mining developed by #HathiTrust and Hathi Research Center
softball game May 2nd at 5!
Was hoping for a snow day but didn't get enough snow :/ this sucks!
yeah, i'm really nervous.
": It's Strange How One Person Can Change Your Mood Entirely"
On the road to the riches until I'm paid if full.
If tweeted me... I would start crying right here all night long . Lollzzzz.(;
For real? No way! Iowa restrooms are so much better. Especially the one that looks like a barn!
Today's Special: Triple Play Burger: 3-1/3 lb Sirloin Patties, 3 Slices of Cheese, Tartar, Leaf Lettuce, Tomato & Red Onion w/ Side - $14.
Wtf, my mom just went off on me about my tattoo's, mad random <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This Rock entrance feels like the Apollo Creed entrance in Rocky IV.
#RIP Junior Seau
Nice, homeless guy told me I need to go to the gym!
Colton is a fag everyone I hope you saw me typing fucker
Yo mamma is so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
BIG THINGS POPPIN' AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! THE PARTY JUST DON'T STOP!!!
Omg Marina Franklin is funny as hell.haha.
So excited to have lunch today with the guy who is the reason I moved to Nashville in 2005. He now works for Yay, Russ!
I COULD be watching the Spawn play a sport. Instead, I am grading.
Wanna see him xD!! <3 practically jumping out of my seat getting excited to get out of this school and see my bestie! <3
Nice win tonight for the boys, need to get ready for another battle with RIT tomorrow.
Painful to have had to delete my Google Web history but it had to be done. Saved a screenshot of my personal search trends.
I heards that
Sure, No Problem! :)
Some green tea and some Classical,Baroque,& Romantic music. Ah Fridays
. plugging in a CSI marathon!!
Would love to include photos of the #bowl12 in our wrap up! Any you can send our way? Thanks!
this is one of those things Lorena's right about.
Live fast die young
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
Discover Indie fashion for all over the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
y do u reply back then?
not watching. really? I thought his back was out for good. doing better than his cousin who has become a fadeaway guy
Just got an email from MI Non-Profit Center, May is "Older Americans" Month...
you're welcome, thanks for sharing
Remember people: It's Not About Matt. ;-)
yea. When are you coming back?
OMG!!!!!! THEIR DOING THE HARRY POTTER SONG!!!!!!!!! KILL ME NOW!! OH MY GOSH <333333
“10 Minutes” combines my twin loves for the homeless & the media, and weaves them into that what I hope you will consider a page-turner!
the round blue fox hopped over the boring dog.
Damn I miss those 100 Benjamins inna pocket days. Fuck it tho. I had to get on my daddy shit. LWG!!!
On the scene of this truck crash - front of the suv crushed - but the two people inside were able to walk away with minor injuries...
to be fair my wife does all the newborn stuff! Big shout out 2 for all the HARD work. I just #grill and mow lawn!
- yeah I don't have that prob our workers are cool its nasty attitudes I can't deal with anymore
More and more the trend is shifting from pharmaceutical/ Western medicine approaches to natural/alternative healing choices.
So if you don't text me back we aren't friends anymore I promise!
i finally said fuck facebook way to much hackn for me twitter it is so how do i get this page poppn
Pretty soon U can talk about the Pacers music!!! It's about time!!!
Billy you are silly. I assure you I am quite real.
WXPI, your flood warning is ruining my TV show.
that laugh where ur mouth moves but ur eyes dont... yea that one...
Another beautiful, sunny day.. and CHAINSAW. Old geezer neighbor is at it again. Is it wrong to wish he'd stay in his home more often?
I will personally feel that if you want respect, you have to give it....just saying
Don't forget everything is 10% off in February!!! Get your orders in before the end of the month!!
My class and art show have come and gone :) I see you've been busy too! Congratulations on the Slice of Life launch mamacita!
if they do, I wasn't told. My guess is no.
pshh not for me! :/
« #rapperbetterthansouljaboy: My Grandma..»
you are fucking retarded kill yourself please
Better to use your creative intuition and apologize if it doesn't work, than to not give your ideas a shot
THE SPIRIT TIES US TOGETHER (John 4:23-24) The hour in coming, and "it is now" that I must look at you in a different way amen. #Sir Court
Why do I keep having dreams about Dave Franco?
This would be because I'm on a DSL connection in Jerusalem backing up to multiple servers in the USA and Europe.
Follow back?(:
Cool. I'm thinking of coming. 8:00?
I just want to sleep v
Commenting on a picture I posted last year?
City will remove them if you cut them up and put them by the street - there's a schedule.
Looking forward to a great afternoon and some awesome social media takeaways today! 30 anxious marketers are excited!!
May you wallow in your particular pond of miracles today. ~RT
I don't wanna hear anymore about how your butthole needs urgent care....
sometimes its worth waiting for, even if you think it will not be somehow it comes to you
When it comes to the things you want to be doing, ask yourself: Am I Worth The Risk? via 's F<U+2665>ck Fear series.
I wish you good luck (and excellent care) in your treatment.
YES. so worth it
this. RT : Dems Party chair Mike Tate: "Wisconsin law should focus on increasing voter participation, not diminishing it."
girl u make my speakers go boom boom
HELLO, Hello is anybody out there? Is there something wrong with the twitter machine?
Sweet dreams <3
patiently waiting for tonight!
I can live without you but do I have to?
Griner rips the ball of the boards
Ultra Petroleum Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating Results, Board Of Directors Approve $100.0 Million ...
HELP US GREET ANDY STATUS CUOMO TO CARL COUNTRY TODAY 10:30 AM 833 MICHIGAN BUFFALO NY
Tiger is making a big move, tied for the lead through 3....
I am trapped under two dogs
GREAT Morning!!!
#SuperSunday have a great day guys :)
Hey you misspe– oh. RT : I'll be back tomorrow. I'm building a mistery.
Got School Of Rock later :)
what did u do?
Let us get going to change our nation from the leadership of political driven people. Substitute them with leaders that care about Americans
At Trek! The wait us over.
We'd love to welcome our friend, Ryan Martino, back to the stage tonight. It will be epic.
Haha I know
do you know any data scientists and machine learning people? I'm looking for some data nerds to hire in San Francisco.
I am so bored right now, I can't even think of a witty way to finish that gripe. All I hear is my brain flatlining.
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
Good list - just something unobtrusive but soothing so I can concentrate
All I want to do is play League of Legends.
Give it all or nothing!
The employee at the AT&T store just told that he looks like Steve Jobs came back from the dead.
guy actually looks a fair amount like Kohl's seat mate Rick Cobb
The Month in Grimes/Dubstep
<U+200E>Umami Moto food truck will be parked outside Visible Voice Books + Wine in Tremont tonight from 5 to 7pm to get some Umami goodness!
Had chili 4 lunch yesterday, burger 4 dinner last night, meatloaf for breakfast today, and chili again for lunch. I officially boycott beef
Shakespeare's birthday is Monday but this is his birthday weekend!
-- Well I'm in MKE and I like secrets, so I'm down!!
Speaking of Ryan Vogelsong—6 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 5 BB, 3 K and 102 pitches, and he's probably not done b/c SF bullpen is quiet
Omg hahaha. Idek why I dreamed about it!
German beers & baked goods- It doesn't get much better than that! Welcome & congrats to now open at 137 7th Ave South.
[Campus Bulletin] Today is the Institute's 125th birthday! A one-time $30 fee will be deducted from your student account to buy us a gift.
thank you! :) I'll be sure to bookmark your site too - in order to check in tomorrow & the day after & the day after that...
Of course you do! This is not a question of your artistry. But when the way you share it is annoying, both of us miss out.
Good Stuff!
Laugh :: today's goal.
I can't read your tweet. I just keep staring at your avatar.
you're such a tweeter now. I am loving it. We converted you! Whaaa ha ha!!
Slow going North of 106th on Keystone. Ambulance and firetruck on the left side.
The word FUCK is used 5 times in the first 10 pages of my script. Maybe I'm not an artist at all. Maybe I'm just a potty mouth.
So I just want you to know that the two people you said couldnt win the voice on Blakes Team are the last two standing! Haha!
unbelievable . I tell ya..
what's up w/DJ's Sports Bar?
Thanks for sharing about our event! We're getting excited!
I mean you can't tell me you know anyone who can pull off a bumble bee look as good as that
Winds have temporarily interrupted the show, but the BFJ crew hopes to return to regularly scheduled programming soon. Stay tuned!
did COD pan out? Hope so!
Not at all it is because they continue to make mistakes: going for 2 at wrong times, bad challanges, clock management, etc.
Hi :) Jupiter in Sagittarius and Uranus in Sagittarius in the 3rd house. That's all I know.
Word bride orginally started as an old English word meaning cook
I know you hit the whitegirl in the Reebok commercial, didn't you...LOL???
Spent a wk in Uganda with Pros For Africa, a group of 10 NFL players (Adrian Peterson, Santonio Holmes, Tommie Harris, Vernon Davis)
Scott signs $70 billion budget, vetoes $142.7 million
this I agree with.
you going to be at the CIB this Friday?
okay! Just let me know when your free(0:
Did a sketch for a painting called "flakes are for eating, not for friends". Wooah ha ha...painting to come soon....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mommy's out there. Especially the one out here doing it by themselves <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
Just realized: I actually have no idea if I am a minority potential law school applicant
Will Willingham and Morneau homer for #Twins tonight? Check today's polar ice cap melt.
put ur finger dowm ur throat, let see how the acid eats away ur teeth, by trying to be perfect.
Watch the Throne tickets are purchased.
Follow for real music coverage, because we don't interview
Glad I could help--Skype or tweet me anytime!
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
those that connect, we see the power, model and eventually people notice-> how do we speed this process?
And now he steals second.
Rolls eyes.
Breaking News from the Pearl reports that 24 Hour Fitness caught on FIRE CLUB evacuated?
Literally all my guy friends call me 'big ass girl.' I respond because, well, its true.
Thank you for the Outlander books. As a science geek, I love that Claire is an MD and Bree is an engineer.
I can't wait to go home tonight and sleep in my cold queen sized bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2728>
2 new roosters on the farm with mature tenor and baritone voices! They are letting me know it's morning!
own the feisty and offer up a side of sass :)
Lol! Watching Ellen. :)
this is ridiculous
Thanks for the heads up re: St vs. Avenue, Also got the note you sent me and am investigating, thanks for the heads up!
Finally arrived! #nasig11 Look forward for the sessions.
I have 3 more weekends here in Baltimore. What else should be on the #BaltimoreBucketList?? Pizza John's was a pleasant satisfying surprise.
#Alcatraz was canceled, too? *sigh* Should I finish the last two episodes in my #Hulu queue or just give up?
This is the 1st game I'm gonna miss this year. All because of the issue between Directv & the Tribune.
you can take the girl out of the novel, but you can't take the novel out of the girl. or something like that.
#aftertheuniform This #veterans panel is so serious + passionate about the invisible wounds of families wives + vets re:PTDS+ brain injury
Unfortunately, what many people forget is that judges are just lawyers in robes
We so all do that! But guys move fast on em too “: Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture”
Ill take 10 please!
always has me rolling on the ground laughing your wicked amazingg and hilarious! just thought i would establish that! :)
RT ": It's only preseason, but I'm there!!! Ravens vs Atlanta!!!" Oh, they thought they weren't gonna see US??!!
Hey SF Valley friends. I'm playing at tonight for their grand opening! Check us out! Free CD first 5 mention tweet
Did you ever get this recreated? I have an ingredient list but not exact measurements.
so go talk to them instead of arguing with people who support bike infrastructure & safety (including mandatory helmets).
Lol at my co-workers
Good pass lets fukin go Harris dat nigga raw
Dis is strange bitch we does dis
I wouldn't pay attention to that normally, but he is still "kind of a jerk."
We fail to realize celebrities are the same age as us so their gonna do the same shit we do
Oh wow. That would suck! Glad you were just over-reacting! I do that myself, more than I care to admit.
Im irritated with ppl forreal
We got the note like two days ago, shell be gone in two days.
Haha! So basically I'm just torturing you by adding fuel to your fire :-P
Baby's coming over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
When them single bi fems at the real n mature ones we tired of these phony mfs
it's gonna be epic!
Valentine Gfx Events are now up! visit forums.rarero.net forum events for details!
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
Got into the master's program, got my halloween costume, and rented my books for the term. bring it on grad school :)
wow, I'm playing words with friends with my mom xD
amen! This is true in all fields. Degree status, achieved or not, is not an indicator of skill.
yupp i do. not even going to deny it. hey why do you want me to go early to class tomorrow?
Also, how many bags of Chocobilly's cookies do I need to eat to have it count as a healthy breakfast? What's the official ruling ?
girl it's totally fine!!! You didn't have to get me anything hun :) wuv woo
: yep, Independent Author Network authors are fab at supporting each other
Nah, we'll keep BOTH our hunky fantabulous catchers! #goBrewers!
follow me please
The one where it's like "You're in a police car..." and you have to say 3 words. xD
#nowplaying - Now or Never - The Roots, Phonte, Dice Raw
RT they say it's a woman's prerogative to change their minds, shame they dont decide to exercise that right at the fucking altar
And almost lost the pillow but it got
Holiday Inn Resort PCB Helps Guests Enjoy Florida Golf Month Guests of the Holiday Inn Resort have always enjoyed great discounts at the
when is the next hack night?
And not on the shoulder. :)
we do it up in Dougherty big time! Btw- I need eggs tomorrow. Can you make it happen?
Home new to this stuff! R.i.p. M-Bone of swag district!
jesus the avacado joke is aLREADY overused omfg
cool tip from _Search Analytics_: match the length of your search input box with the length of common queries
Last nite's 3rd Thurs. Community Mixer was a HUGE SUCCESS! Thank you to all who were involved and supported RD. Stay Tuned for May's event!
Hey girl, let's show 'em why they call this the Shrieking Shack
Happy Birthday !
was that gay lol?
Just registered for the annual conference in Las Vegas next month. will throw a party Wed night at !
did u see??
Middlebrooks now has as many HRs as Gonzalez.
Kevin Frank's now speaking about what brought him to the #hydropower industry
that sounds truly repulsive Baig,almost levels. I'm in.
Going to go see the #Harlemglobetrotters at the #Reschcenter in #greenbay #wisconsin #tonight !!! Its been 36 years!! Whoot!!!
i despise your city because you will ultimately take away either my favorite or hometown team. i hope your new team fails.
THE BELL CAN RING ANYTIME NOWWW, lbvs .
Listening to mixtape Oh the good ol days
how am I following people that I didn't select to follow? Any ideas?
Thank you Gypsy queen.
- sounds great.
I'm so bored and hungry
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Drake was 'over'
I love you...I hate you....I just can't get around you
If you are going to try my recipe for 'Boiled Chicken in Under 10 Minutes' it's VERY important to use a pot that flushes.
he is 4-9 vs Harrison w/ a double and 2 homers. I expect big things from his upcoming at bat.
RT For a Good Night mention!! =Follow Me!!
Lol happens to me too RT : Ppl didn't get the sarcasm in my last tweet got dam
Wore my #Broncos jersey to work today - everyone keeps asking if we play tonite. Come on people - really!? Go Broncos!
had family emergency today, pissed I couldn't make it tonight...give 'em hell katie...did people bring food???
I tried to license an image from Corbis, they wanted $150 for a digital image for personal use. Obviously they didn't make a sale.
he was all "I felt like a caged lion"
RT Power defeat the Voodoo 56-49, Morelli was BANANAS for Pittsburgh
Practicing for trade show life in the next two weeks. On my third cup of coffee and just had a bagel. FLYING!!!
Great ministry planning meeting today with EVCC
Idkkkk how to it
I"ll be there the 26th-1st, so like 9 days from now, we should hang out
write drunk...edit sober
New dates coming up in LA and Vegas. Stay tuned!
Maybe they're fauns?
you are so talented :) Keep up the good work
Come on up to Central Ave TODAY for Everything Jersey City Festival! - tents getting ready!
He finally turned off his music!!
Love the fact that today is Charles Dickens day. I think I'll go buy a muffin to celebrate...
We're just like you, only prettier.
I am a Hobbit, and we eat at least 6 meals a day. And I'm quite comfortable, too. Takes all kinds.
Patty Stephens's class, The Human Voice is so popular, we're adding another section: April 3rd -- May 22nd 6:30pm-8:30pm. Call us QUICK!
COA is now featuring Miller Lite and XX Amber on draft!!!!!! $2 TAPS AT THE BAR ALL WEEKEND LONG!!!!!!!
Looking forward to learning more tonight about Google Apps/Docs
Based on his track record, he does. RT "then why doesn't he offer 4 year scholarships?"
Watching idiots protest mariage equality is like watching American Idol auditions -- except the prize is being on the wrong side of history.
yep it is
Brian Williams rested up in bed for all those years...
its very good :D
let me know if you need help! LOL
Guy who proofreads plaques in Kentucky, Who Ya Crappin'?
Beautifully shot. Not gimmicky, which you might think going in. The silence is a major theme of the movie and used to great effect
Help USPS Stamp Out Hunger on May 12! Leave a bag of nonperishable food at your mailbox and they'll pick up when they deliver mail /
I don't get free tacos for drawing tacocats?
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to a bigger, better location! Photos to come soon.
your platform only for large companies or large events?
very excited for the anvil/reef cocktail pairing madness tonight!
Hello tan lines....we meet again
THINK BEFORE U SPEAK..ITS NT ALWAYS GUD TEW SAY WT U FEEL.PERIOD
Can I throw my card in, too? STAY STAY STAY
Looking at a facebook page is different than asking for a candidate's login information
i wish i didnt have to split holidays or my mom had the same last name and i wish we were as happy as we looked in our family portaits.
i miss my shawty tot.. i see the boys too much..lol
The pop up shop looks great!
But if that head right Jeezy there every night
#MyPastRelationships were such jokes
athazagoraphobia: the fear of being forgotten :s
Today I am reading two Peirce essays entitled, "Evolutionary Love" & "Man's Glassy Essence."
I have to google exactly the meaning of visual...but I love visuals & I love art..enjoy having friend tweeps that are in the arts:-)
Rain rain go away come again another day...any other good rainy day tunes out there?
"Nothing like some good 'ol flesh to absorb some sound waves..."
Watchin the afternoon news w/someone over hm ill say 60. Kickin it,waiting for my client to come.
Softball game tonight!
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot. - Play Alganon
I am related to a black man, this is crazy!
This movie gift card will come in handy
if your five hours away from it, is it really going to be a day off? More like half day. ;)
*dead man walking*
Of course it won't have new features. Of course.
my nigga call me asap bruh...
have both because I know you've done something to deserve it
follow and please :D x33
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka - Times-Standard
Nice point from Steps before. Now all he has to do is replicate that 75-ish times to have a prayer.
the track really too fire needs a video n bunb remix
And it's close to CSULA, ELAC, and Pasadena college. Where many international students applied to. It's convenient.
Casting call today for China's new music video, directed by
are you in for the conference on friday & saturday?
Imma plan a trip out there soon.. Is it expensive out there like as far as hotels and food?
Rocco's Modern Life my nigga.
Sure is. And SO true!
Thanks for the shout out!
Running around and getting ready to head over to the Hilton Garden Inn to help set up for Notacon 9.
follow Phoenix Hip Hop at it's finest!!!!!!!!
#IThankGod 4 Every Possession That I Have!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
if Pete is really alive, how about a contract for ???
Well, records mgmt is a tough, tough subject for campus to embrace. Hope you folks make progress on it!
MGMT - Love Always Remains
wtf, did my avi even changed? o.o
Weird but tight long hugs make me sleepy....
i love your blog, & it's especially funny because a lot of your pictures are taken steps away from my parents front door :)
we have the freedom here to rabblerouse.
1844-THE PHILLY SECTARIAN RIOTS- arguments btwn Irish & Protestant gangs over public funding over rel. schools erupted in2 4days of rioting
beRecruited Play of the Day: A coach is more than someone who gives you an athletic scholarship; he/she serves as a mentor and a motivator
#playoffs You know you love hockey when you........
over 8000 hits today on www.vegasites.com apparently that slows it down...... need to cue the FAIL HOOKER asap.............
lol what did I get myself into?
Amazed that every morning I watch the nat'l news and find the most disturbing stories always occur in Florida.
Bowling with the gang...as usual:)
Nice to meet you Kimberli!
thanks for replying! We'll RT the best answer later today! :)
Here's a thought: rehearse your reaction to rejection.
Will get back to you soon hun :) RT : email sweets!
"More than a 1/4 of all #Americans ages 17-24 are unqualified for #militaryservice because of their #weight!"
I'm not . Just a huge fan. He is pretty amazing.
RT : How great was Malkin last night? Unreal!
Everyone's ready for a 200 miles run today ? Our start time for #RagnarChi is 12:30p
Working on some collaborations right now, doing some electronic and Hip Hop. Can't wait to share with you guys!
who do I contact for winning your signed book The Best Of Me? Am I to impatient?? I'm so excited!!
and you wouldn't get it from a DM it's done thru email! That might be the problem
your a boy Simpsonizer?? Omg my life is completee!!!!
check me out on youtube sarahsophiatv thanks
Happy April Fools Day everyone !
Yeah I'm not proud lol
Why such a stranger ?
Just had a sneak preview of our signature holiday cocktails - Edgefield Alexander, Bourbon Furnace and a new Holiday Sparkler - oh my!
me too yea drama sucks
Aspects To Consider When Choosing A Home | The Before And After
1down, 4togo bringing it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live Well worth seeing live!
smh, they need to put in a shot clock to prevent that
Watching MLB plays of the month, these guys are good!
I feel like I'm dying omg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
crazy. guess I need to have a techie women BBQ in the courtyard soon. :-)
I live in a forest so why does this little bird think the smoke detector in my garage is a good place for it's nest???
Good Friday
follow me I'll DM you my info
Freak these tales.
just took a shower, cause i was at soccer. then watched your videos.. played them on repeat. dm me pleasee, alex <3 <3
Time to get #blackout for this game.
Best nap in a while
>Quote: Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. Lydia M. Child
If I had any laurels I would totally be resting on them right now.
And..not bad news for the upcoming MAA conference. Wait! It's April 1st! Is this an April Fools Day joke?
So many people are texting me right now.. Except the one i want to be talking to.
Bout to go get this lift in
I knew those were an Odessa thing the minute I saw them, so it's so cool to hear that she loved them too!
Thank you to everyone who joined us for #itc12 in Long Beach! Watch your inbox for access to presentation materials.
Good times ahead for you. :-) That's wonderful. NYC is great! They will fall in love with you. Where ever you go.
The conversations that me and Idalia have >>>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just got blocked on facebook after too many friending...
getting myself ready to fly down to the MIA tomorrow
Turn off brain!!!
I'm pretty sure the voters called it quits for Gingrich a while ago. So why is he waiting until Wednesday to do it himself?
Have a great n bless'd day all! Look to be a blessing, today. I promise you will get bless'd by just doing it. #Shabbat Shalom
you almost hit eddie ! Haha smh
C'mon Clippers!
Just once can a song on the radio celebrate women for something other than being a stripper? "Hillary Clinton-this one's for you baby girl"
Hmu for tix for my comedy show tonight @ Starlight Ballroom starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends it's goin b funny as hell doors open @ 7pm
Ask and you shall receive. #Belly <3’s #Austin 4eva. A special shout-out is in order for one of our Belly Boo’s -- "
$8 back for $1 invested in safe #water & #sanitation. #Water4World Act--a sound investment! via
That niggas girlfriend is ugly af lmao almost throw up at prom when I seen her smh lol no standards at all
Don't Forget GTL Ladies Night Starts Tomorrow!!! Ladies Drink Free From 7-10pm & Every Group Of 4+ Receives A Complimentary Bottle!
I'm surprised you're even questioning yourself on that one.... Go celebrate!!
champagne party? Where do I sign?
Off to the doctor to be told all my blood tests are normal, I need to exercise more and sleep more.
bosh wade is not leaving the team
Pick up your slack!!! No one can stop you but you!!!
National Bologna Day! I personally heart a bologna sandwich. FYI: Stephen wrote about bologna and cheese in 'Salem's Lot'. Have a great day!
I still don't really know what #FF is.
Exactly! Hopefully we'll start to see a shift. Really excited to see where this series goes. I don't expect them to advance
; ohh so I'm not skinny but I'm not fat. ugh
wish my babe was here so i could lay on his chest
hahaha uhh not sure if serious ...
Anybody wanna watch #packers game from miller park parking lot?
Happy Hour starts early at Buddha-Bar! 4pm - 7, $5 sushi rolls, apps and drinks and fantastic deals on our signature cocktails! Woohoo!
#nyy #yankees Mark, your stubburnous to address the shift is the ONLY problem. The stats bear this out.You're putting the same amount (cont)
LOL...hope they get what they want
I swear this dog has no common sence
#embarrassing a pageant mom named her kid after her fav seafood.... o.O I feel bad for the little girl.
Barnes is a playmaker. Thought for a minute the skins were going to compromise draft position again.
You think life will get better when your older because you know more but in all reality it keeps screwing you over
Done with mca's
You know you're in a French department when you open the fridge and there's a big slab of butter on a plate.
Final #SMEI event of season! 5/11 5pm-?, Clipper Stadium. Incl nationally-recognized speaker, food, cash bar, ball game....
please oppose innovation killing SOPA and PIPA legislations. We need information to flow free & not more protections for 1%
balls Y/N
Whats up #twitter #tweeters!
I'm sorry;( but idk if I ca forgive you. you were being a douche!
I had too much salt today.
I'm chillin' with my pal Dos Equis. Who's with me?
Hell ya man, n I went for one last year.. sure he'd be down for that
Lots to celebrate today - Cinco DeMaio, 1month until the election, and (most importantly) about 2months until my brother comes home for R&R!
Note well taken.
War of the roses on Boy was that juicy! #scumbag #cheater <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I am glad you have support... sometimes people just dont understand the effects MS this is no joke.
good luck& have fun monday! cant wait to hear all about it!!!
with my favorite - Nathan <3 only person I feel completely comfortable around.
Penguins should get a low bond in court.....they are a low flight risk
ive gone through three boxes of tissues in three days!
When && Where
I'm reading My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales and plan to finish this weekend. Love stories!
AMANDA! I LOVE IT. <3 <3
you are very welcome. :)
Off to Delaware today...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Kansas+Kentucky= Vizio
Only a few weeks left until Action Item at iLounge! We have a ton of awesome shows to announce soon! Tell your friends to follow us!
friends are those who actually tell you shit straight up whether it hurts you or not b/c they care thank you <3
And btw.... Maul and Obi fight it out on the end of a KICKASS 4-parter tonigt! #CloneWars This is gonna RULE!
IM TOO STUBBORN
my nigga for life!
North Carolina need to focus on the resources for seniors and the resources in public schools!
I dont feel up to doing anything but, sleep in my bed and it's only abt 2 be 10 o'clock
did release a similar statement when the GOP declared war on the uteri of America?
Getting Ready For This Play Im Part Of In Feburary...Ima Actor/Rapper/Teacher/Entertainer....I Can Do It All!!
Hey everyone! Happy Holidays and I hope Santa runs out of coal to give after he stops at house
Check out my "Ice Game", new single coming soon!!!
Have you tried Wellness brand? I have a friend with a cat with grain allergies that eats that.
Based on yout TL, I hardly think it's your last.
Burning bridges, make sure that they are no one is standing. And not waiting for you.
70,000+ is nothing to bock at. You are a pro Sir!
gosh the "blind side" is such an inspirational movie..
If we were smart we'd all realize that. : "Time is the most valuable resource that I have" -Billionaire Mark Cuban
Hello Terry how you doing..This is Kenneth Hall
Fingers crossed...
thank u
or got really bored so they started drinking part way through to make it last.
Thanks Amber!! Welcome to The Beau Show!
I like a lot of her other pics on her google images, but I don't think I pull off red well.
I act like one at times! Haha. x
Feeling like a million bucks im on a successful trajectory+got a new mentor to help navigate.
take your grubby mitts off my shrimp and grits. Not really. I like you.
My life is nvr on a stop.
Thanks! And: I don't understand hash tags. I'm simple folk. Dirt floors, paper bags, critters, boot sounds, etc.
Well, and a bottle of wine... :) RT : “All sorrows are less with bread.” Miguel de Cervantes
have a good show dude. Good luck!
Because the populace of MKE only has a taste for Cheddar cheese and lard, not sumptuous peanut stew or giant yams. Not okay.
no, the bottle in the picture lmao
You can edit posts in Google+, but you can't change the circle that you've shared it with.
KNOCK IT DOWN!
Right on. Last minute snagged a ticket outside!
RT if you wish you were poolside with a cocktail in Vegas right now...
Let me know
Hi teddy! Want to be my bitch?
Nothing says classy like big gold earrings that say "Juicy" on them.
Gortat on Duncan - "First of all he's a great player. Just like other veterans, with each year he's actually better and better."
Please let the chargers keep winning at home. It's worth the trip from LV if they win.
Sissy squats...the maker of champions. Boom.
Make your company stand out at the annual #DRFestivus by sponsoring a prize. Email
Is there a particular reason Amazon doesn't have #iPad3 up for pre-order? Aside from the Kindle.
I want a Dairy Queen vanilla milkshake 0_o
that disguntled google employee made sm intrsting points...y does each cmpany want2b same as others when their diffs truly made them great?
I miss it everyday! Keep that fire burning; you guys are doing fantastic work!
Just listened to on the radio. It's basically a sports show for TN people who are jealous of Alabama football and UK Bball.
Requirements Of iPod Accessories : Logan
Naw, now she's just singing really inspiring songs about doing things for her dead mother. Backfired.
This from a man who sells liquid energy! RT I know I'm new to this, but that was the most exciting end to match I've ever seen.
I think you just found the key. Model loving to learn. If we did that well we'd likely be a huge success.
good grief
Thanks a lot! Keep tuning in!
. Doesn't the rare ephemerality on the web have its own value for free expression though?
I am *devastated* to realize I missed the spring book sale at ! And so begins the long wait till the Fall Sale!
thanks for text back.
taco a sort of crispy, definitely need to change picture, but for $1.95, not a bad treat
3 sets of 3 min, damn my legs burn.
this is the first one I've missed in a few years - always a good time!
Been watching the Harry Potter marathon all day :') haha -izzy
When you smile at me, I feel like the whole world is mine .*
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Grab an old (clean) shirt and scoot on over to for the #LAZF Screenprinting Social! You're gonna look great....
RT : Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.~Frank Lloyd Wright
": Went to Mt Charleston with family 4 Mother's Day lunch. Beautiful, less than a hour from Vegas." I remember w/
Ugh. tomorrow is 4-20 and all my friends are gunna be high as fuck and im gunna be the only sober one.
Tennessee was fun! Got to play in the snow on the mountains! :D
It's also quite interesting to watch the backdrop and technology in today's theatre, Denisse Dufey said.
uh, I'd have to say Jodee :)
I, personally, love adding in Sunny D (or any orange juice)
Ugh opening shift <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks for the mention!
me & my money tree listening to OutKast right now. never thought i would love another tree.
Thanks SO much for all of the AWESOME support on my YouTube channel! I should be putting up a new video for y'all today or tomorrow :)
Love feels like a heart attack </3..:/
I love you :)
Nope, not me. The tone is similar, but I would have done a better job. ;)
I have my mom hidden and put into her own "list" so she can only see certain things of mine. Makes life much more bearable.
Really excited about your funding. Great things ahead for you-what an innovative idea. Congrats!
nd ill add them to our gallery! :)
the sing alongs were great and I'll miss it too, but the committee is working hard to make it an awesome event.
Bridalplasty makes me sick! I just feel like it might cause more problems. Not to mention who deal with recover during planning!
Closed up the theatre for the night. But not before crashing and sleeping for 2 hours on the couch.
for real iv been face down in my bong for 10 min's iv herd a lot if things lol
#ezzo WOrk on transition to Twin Types. LIke the Mellon plug. Hered Inst format issues.
Beautiful day in NYC!!
Great analysis! RT That coldness wasn't the weather. That was a collection of shoulders of Southie residents
And, of course, there will be CavsZine #2's available at the Saturday show. Rise up and get your collector's item on!
Hope is going to be on #RAW tonight (:
New hot spot for cool cocktails in the CHI!?
April Fools! Though would be a dream job.
I must be getting old because the Skipper looks young! #sherwoodschwartz #gilligan'sisland #BradyBunch on tonight!
Looks like the good money is on #Brady from here on out.
I am sad also to miss NTC, SF is one of my favorite cites and NTC a great conference. Hope to be there next time.
Thanks Carla! Appreciate the compliment :D
Tweet your Big10 Career Expo questions between now and 9p for live answers to #big10expo,
thanks Philip cheers!
What to do today. I wanna swim again haha but Jackson would get bored at the lake. Why can't it just be June so we can go to Noah's lol.
thanks for the rt!!
If you get a call from me its my niece -_- she's calling everyone in my phone lmao
I would prefer that the April showers bring oodles of cash, but I'm used to being dirt poor so the May flowers are a nice perk.
Hey soul sister I don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight
Is anyone interested in sponsering me for the Miss California Pageant 2010??? I need one asap or can't compete!!
Have cooling or A/C questions? Send us a post or a DM for helpful answers from our team of the "coolest" experts in town.
is it a physical event? Or just a video?
I got Hedrick Hall! :D I'm okay with mine, not what I wanted but fuck it! LOL what'd you get?!
how thoughtful!! :-)
orange crush and vodka tastes a lot better than it should.
I sleep good night
Michael returns Tuesday from his well deserved vacation to Turkey. We look forward to his return.
So proud of our show tonight! Im so happy and grateful!!! Thank you so much for your support !!! See ya tomorrow ;)
The slips, trips and falls video I had to watch for work was the highlight of my morning.
finished LA Story.
you never saw him at a buffet
you're so stupid lol
Yes, we'll look for you at ALA! :)
Since I can't sleep... Im trying to figure out how i can get into the Monster Pit at the Born This Way Ball. + planning my attire!
40 minutes to the start of the pre-Yuri's Night #dcdrinkup! Join us starting at 6 pm !
Drinking at airport ---> stretching on people mover ---> fat lip.
Howdy! We're just getting our Twitter feed underway. Now if only Twitter would stop having issues, we'd be set.
Check out our new layout!
yes. Giving up sweets and non-natural sugar.
Crazy day, full of meetings and other fun stuff...Let's do it!
and no wii anymore. All yours if you wabt
Officer, I think you'd agree a "Pool" of blood is a gross overstatement.
I'm finally able to pick a #knitting #pattern just for ME! What should I #knit? Hmm...better check #ravelry ! :)
*hangs head in shame*
": I want to be on Wheel Of Fortune."
I kid, I kid.
I was at the artisan doughnut saloon and i realised my life is a little too much like Portlandia
you two are so! #Meta unlike
I'm obsessed with Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
No ustream again /:
i had a stage five clinger so this is the new twitter account...
RT : Now that Cherie's mom has passed on...we're carrying on her Mom & Dad's tradition on New Year's Eve/we did the same thing
If it ING bout money me no concern
making decisions feels good
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
And when she screws up, don't come crying to me.
thanks for your input!!!!
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself - that is the best combination. - Judi Dench
Ditto on the NYC trip and the glorious reading room.
Today feels like a Christopher Robin kind of day.
Hey DB, had a great time on your Cloud Ride wheels today!
#np The Big Broadcast on the radio with , if ya wanna know what the music scene was like in my day go listen..real swell..
Can I get Chapter 7 of my brothers best friend plzz
Thanks for the kind words.
I was going to April Fools on Facebook that I'm pregnant but I'm too damn busy to field the responses. Oh well, maybe next year.
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)
Great Easter with the fam! Now finally watching my first game of the season.
Lars is quite the cowboy. "Aw, shucks". Loop the thumbs into the front of the pants & take some shots. The classic cowchick hottie pose.
seemed more eurotrash to me. Maybe jean Paul gaultier and antoine de Caunes will be commentating with cardboard giraffes?
They're attached to the document. I wonder if Amazon could delete if file was on the memory card.
I don't like it very much, and not interested in the overwhelming amount of food/craft things ppl I know pin.
I had it on before bed. Oooohhhhhmmmm....:)
yea man... Up here putn in work.
coconut oil. holy smokes. GAG.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day!!
Meeting w corporate alliance colleagues today to work on brand and message strategy
"I'm a bad test taker" - stupid people everywhere.
Thats Awesome! At Least You Get Free Food Lol(:
what's good stranger!
i can't even sing billie holiday. this cold is getting outrageous.
yes! But his song is quite catchy :)
The world needs Peace
wow that's cool! Is your dog hyper all the time to?
I hope there grown cause if not......
"With your coverings, you can always take it down and use it elsewhere. Very clever!" -- M. Roberts, Customer
Sucks having morning wood for two hours wearing skinny jeans. IDK what I found sexy about being in the immigrations building in Chile.
Going to see the Titanic. Don't give away the plot, I hear it's a bit dramatic!
12 minutes left.....THE TIME IS NOW!
= RT : banjo pioneer.
The world has become apathetic and the sad things is...no one cares!
Got my #engage12 luggage tags in the mail 2day! OMG! cnt wait 4 ths conference 2 meet sum of the icons in the #weddingbusiness l
Just did a video
So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
We are performing in Douglasville , GA tonight at The 7 Venue! Doors at 6!
Fortunately you have my performance to teach you that being a horse's ass is very rarely fatal.
your not following me
RT : Happy #monday folks! Don't forget if you send 5 or more drinks by the end of august you'll receive 5 more credits on us!
It was an honor and a pleasure to stand alongside DS and Prince Harry. A true gentleman. San Diego kept it classy.
I saw a boy yesterday that looked just like Louis Tomlinson...
but all I want is to like this!!!! Why can this not be Facebook?!?!?!
RT : Looking for a new summer #read? The International Thriller Writers announced the winners of the 2011 Thriller Awards:...
really wish I had bought hardcover versions of the 'A Book Apart' issues i've gotten. I'll have to take care of that soon
i will be watching like everyday!!!
What extreme sports do you like to participate in?
Hey Merrill how can you be so ignorant?
If you are basing your "G" status on your ride, you probably aren't all that G.
we need to talk. Let's set up a time to meet soon or at least chat on the phone. I miss your face and am working on stuff
We live @ Aqua!!
I Know About Parker . And Zoe Told Me Over Facebook ! And Uhh Huh I Put That On My Nephews HeartBeat Thats The Boy Chris
the world is an unfair cruel place..... sometimes.
are you from Seattle,Wa?? If so that were I live well across the water from seattle Bremerton I would feel special :)
RT : Alignment doesn't mean agreement on everything. It means agreement to move forward with where you're at today.
why did twitter change their layout? i was really fine with the way it was before! why r you trying to be like facebook?
Bout To Get Me Some FOUR BROTHERS NIH!
Where in the heck did you see these?
I always think of what I don't have , not the amazing things I do have . #BadHabbits .
I am *always happy* to support the Jolkona team Nadia. Love your portrait and video in The Next 50 the Future exhibit!
I'd castrate myself instantly. No hesitation.
No, I mean, go to coffee shops and sit and talk. Go out to dinner together. Walk around the city without a destination.
I love my moms food <3
I would like to see how they are going to measure teachers without teaching to the test.
The financial services industry is full of social misfits - Newsflash - You make money by selling things not managing money.
Time for pizza! RT Tonight only! FREE DELIVERY on orders over $25. Shannon is gassed up and ready, let's keep her busy.
Grow up candyland...I love yoi
Just drop the adjective 'offline' and say "How Online Opinions Are Reshaping the World".
Focus people!
stop tweeting this bull ur smart enough to know that's not true---this has no legs and it sounds silly
So, people actually pay for Twitter followers?
Gah lee work was crazy busy today
When I go back to the classroom next week I must record myself just to listen to my language and tone. Both need some serious work.
have you seen The walking dead yet on #amc? heyo!
What a crazy day for the NBA playoffs! Spurs, Lakers lose and Celtics ALMOST lose!
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
too!! Yes! Happy to have you! Be sure to email me!
We are like guitar strings: with too much stress, we snap, and without enough, we are unproductive.
"She tracked conversations, stared at newcomers and burned off adult corneas with the brilliance of her smile."
Pray for ugly people!
Not nervous, but anxious...
Its a great day today!
aw i can't really be a part of this challenge.... my parents don't want my face on youtube lol
Sending admiration and aloha to all the mothers out there. Happy Mother's Day!
thanks! I couldn't have done it without your help. :) *that* was a *job* ;)
Thanks & for writing 'The Startup of You.' Really helpful & insightful & should be required school reading. Awesome.
what does everybody think about Laurintus actions tonight?
Because #BandsILove is trending, ONE DIRECTION.
That Lyon guy is home!
I can tell for sure and I share that passion! The babysitter revelation is extraordinary in every way. Men dream of such things.
thanks man! let's hang out soon.
Gotta find new ways to avoid my neighbor. Man talks forever.
we ate pizza from Chessboard. double yum! Next time, try Hamro Aangan - a local gem.
old world capitalists proved so limited in their thinking, only with the greats do you see Great thinking...
Yes, but it has to go both ways too!
Indeed. RT : On Sunday, we celebrate with Easter dinner for blended families. Diversity is a beautiful experience.
people are saying it bout Kobe now even tho he still averages same numbers as he did at 22, he just not same player
dnt matter RT : you wanna create sum beasts lol
So the NFL is just finding out that teams do anything to gain an advantage. My response... DUH!!!!!
Good sesh at lincoln skate plaza!
Cake cake cake cake
#StJohn. done. RT Yes RT #FriFotos theme is PARADISE. Looking through my collection for inspiration...Are you?
mwah. I love you. <U+E418>
“: “: how old is he?” August 2nd he will be 3” he shares a bday with my niece aww
That's how I hear them
Comet died in a car accident with uncle Joey and Stephanie.
This is not the way I wanted to wake up to.
To get through the wait, I brought my copy of #SocialExcellence. As wld say, I caught the bug. Thanks for a good read!
WOO! Congrats on the comps! Do y'all have to do a prospectus?
Whats the score? Im watchin my SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER til my game comes on
Couldn't agree more! RT“: I miss on nights like this. #baseball #trashtalking”
What's cooking at your end? RT "Here's to all the #chefs sweating it out in the kitchen on Mothers Day #KeepItSpicy"
Today you can start a new life for you are the master of your abilities and because of that your day will be great. :-)
Learning about Twitter.
is only 5'1 (without heels).
thank you! We're pretty much head over heels right now.
"Poetry is the deification of reality."-Edith Sitwell
what? Here on twitter in front of the Kardassians and everybody? OK, I'm a good performer ;)
Not sure if I dig the new #BrooklynNets logo yet, but did the artist simply not pay for colors on #DrawSomething?
Sleeping in my boyfriend's basketball shorts = nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
We're BUSY in Humboldt. What's up on your Wednesday?
My app, Weather Genie is the #2 overall iPad app in France, #1 in Weather in over 20 countries for iPhone & iPad
great morning for a race!!
My neighbours listen to some excellent music. Whether they like it or not.
Our department lost 40% of it's workforce in three days. I wonder if there'll be any back-fill (knocks on wood).
This section of DHS would evaluate the financial status of the organization to appropriately allocate funding on a fiscal year bases.
my fantasy is goin good. you might think im lame, but this is what i do on sundays
let's get to 12,000,000!!! Who's with me?
#CaseyAnthony... What a joke.
I'm at the Maricopa Assoc of Governments "Desert Peaks Awards" recognizing regional excellence and cooperation. Working together is smart.
Happy Birthday!(:
She's so sweet. #you're married!?
30 hour famine time
I miss u.
well that's interesting...
My arms and legs are like noodles!!!! Thanks Zumba
and I wanna cuddle with you(: let's make it happen.
I fucking love you to babe #bemyvalentine “: Hey I fucking love you! Thanks for being my valentine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>”
If you stay all the way through the Avengers credits, you get to see the theater staff vacuuming up spilled popcorn.
Otto is not the super star but he is the smartest play GU has
Woodburn HS fire appears to have started somewhere in the vicinity of the wood/metal shop. Currently unclear if the school will open Monday
Opening soon: The Waitlist for Boyle Hotel! 51 units of affordable housing (from studio units to 3-bdrm units) will be open; Interested...
The stack cooker is on sale! Bake a cake in just 8 minutes!
Dnt let others determine ur happiness....#all:))))))
Every little thing she does is magic..oh yeah babe
Family watching Thor...blah
didn't I blow your mind this time? pop quiz: where's that quote from?!
Don't forget to check out Graphic designs done by tonya coop on facebook!!! There's lots to see now and lots more to come!!!!! Thank u
Children love their parents. Eventually they come to judge them. Rarely do they forgive them.
Not gonna happen
I completely agree.
You didn't stay for the Championship? I'd better at least hear you on KSR! Thanks for holding it down for us this weekend!
Cleaning your room and finding something you lost like 3 YEARS ago.
Just chillin today.
had your #glutenfree #peanutfree SEA SALT CARMELS - the first time ever 4 this flavor due to allergy/intolerance- yummy- thx!
#Heartattack Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Cancer Title: Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Canc
I'll call you Wednesday on the mail piece and see you Friday AM, God willing.
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible - Frank Gaines
FUCK OFF TWEETING FAST
Mystery solved! It's an old sardine can key. Can't wait to see what my kitten digs out of the corner next.
Shouldn't have taken that nap.
Looking for new music.... Trying to load up my iPod:) let me know your favorites..
Still hoping to find her. Hope she's looking for me too.
nothin much, gettin' ready for this show my band has tonight
Waiting at school fucken sucks
right on! Well you'll have to catch a show when you get out here.
it must suck when the cult of true womanhood is upstaged.
it's boring? No one wants to be there? You think you're the only one who cares? Where's the donation tray?
It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning. -Graeme Edwards
Thorough Occupy Portland coverage on
Zero chance of sleep until this Game 7 ends. Hopefully the next OT is the last.
This dude <
Thank God for awesome sisters. I'm a really lucky guy!
& twihards walked into the sun & sparkled ^_^ lol just so everyone know...I belong to multiple fandoms...Twilight included
200k followers? more like 2 million! james harden 6th man this year.
no problem man! Many blessings to you! :)
The Village People are attempting to make a comeback with a new song called "AARP"
Couldn't have said it better myself!
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. ~ Steve Martin
OMG, that's scary! haha
Been away from twitter too long!!! What's new fellow #PackerBackers???
The Oklahoma City Thunder Kids Festival will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Where what was coming from? The anger or the fugure?
She says kiss me like u miss me... Fuck me like you hate me
way to go girl! such an inspiration!
The heat is coming! Hope your ready!
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
Go wild and shoot for 400?
The NFL schedule comes out tonight, let's just skip baseball season and start this shit
no it ended last week. Whats up?
about time we got a socially conscious search, but how long before takes a good crack at it (beyond google+)?
Are you a #SMB looking 4 an online training solution? Come by Booth #607. Free Trial and enter to win an ipad!
We're glad you love it, Lauren! You'll have to come back and visit us soon! :)
I'm kidding myself. I'd probably sit in my cabin asking 'why's the internet gone?'
in my favorites somewhere
Colts start and finish draft by taking QB. Team takes Chandler Harnish w/ 253rd pick. Officially he is Mr. Irrelevant, last person taken.
There's something about the score of Super 8 that just gets to me. I really feel it is a solid piece, for a solid movie.
I'm on my way to the gemini arcade lock in.
u da bomb!
"I want to be the first person on the sun. "Won't you burn up?" ”Well, I'm not that stupid, stupid. I'm going at night!"
I have the honor & privilege of introducing Dr. Sonia Nieto, #educator & author of WHY WE TEACH on Monday, Apr. 23, 4-6pm.
Congratulations! We look forward to having you on campus in the fall!
just shouted you dudes out here @ #bbsj2012 will check your site
Look at the Mark SICK AUTO and PERFECT Just Like the man these two are simply AMAZING Baseball Cards.
I love when my cat comes to cuddle with me when I wake up <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
that troll humor? Or u just have no clue what law is & don't mind making fools of yourselves?
I'm pretty sure Peyton Manning reinjured his neck while shaking is head at the atrocity known as the Colts passing offense.
Fudge caramel cake with fudge frosting. From my grandma's Kitchen Magic recipe book.1960. Detroit, Mi.
I DON'T WABNA GO TO SCHOOL.
Congrats for your half hour airing tonight!
I got my heart right here..... I got my scars right here.
congrats!!!! great news!
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success is a perfect first #Deepak book. An easy read with abundant insight and wisdom
Harry you did great! We love you!! Its ok <3 RT if you love Harry!
but aren't ya glad ya stuck with it??
nope but I guess I should try them. I usually eat the "BaKed" brand Lolli pops that are around LA
I can't wait till school on Monday. I hate weekends at home.
Via “ we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for Thursday's #RCR2012. #givingback #ROC #RocYPs " #nice!
I'm Doing S/O's For The People That Are Following Me ! So Tweet Me If You Want One ! :)
Hahahaha funny...... Real funny.
My day was perfect until the end of sixth period.I swear some people can be such ass holes....
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
Did he miss games last year at the end of the regular season?
Come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you.
wow.... we've been down, up, side to side, back and forth together.... now you wanna go a different way? .....
Feeling like a billion dollars right now!! #YouAintBoutThisLife!!
I'd recommend you check out /r/SampleSize/ if you haven't already that place will be good for ya.
tomorrow is 4/20. i wonder how many people will get arrested/not show up at school tomorrow??
A Mother can carry you for 9 months raise you for 18 years but love you for a life time. #HappyMothersDay to ALL Moms You all are Special <3
CONGRATS to Alec Gray ... Another episode of Agent Oso!!!
you know there is ways to transfer music, I got my whole old library on my computer
RT : black face in hamden is as surprising at cheap meat at taco bell. // Ha. Seemed out of place even in Hampden...
how much is one of those worth to the tooth fairy these days?
People gettin all worked up, fierce, sassy & ignorant today on my TL. Whoa Nelly <U+270B>
GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING OR LOG TO www.800printingnyc.com
it was sad, the jagged an opportunity.
Drinking Black Label 12 yr. For free!!!!
what bout me? :/
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. Muhammad Ali
Cankles: that's that shit I don't like
What a cool find. I love the part where he picks up the hot pink phone. :)
ok cool. Cant wait! :)
Do you like pie? I like tv.
We need "translators" between those using social media & many others who still do not or we leave them behind.
why am i sweating right now?
Saturday request: anything from A Tribe Called Quest!
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you can't do.
I hate when people volunteer me for shit. If I feel like doing it I would have said so.
was he referring to his balls?
We are looking for 1990-2005 40" automatic die cutters w/ stripping in the U.S. only. If you have one for sale, email to
TAX DAY FREEBIE! Get a FREE $20.12 gift card for BVEN Boutique purchase today! Call 414 287-9049 for online orders...
son las 23:37 y a ya ?
WHEN YOU BECOME OLD AND A HALL OF FAMER I WILL TAKE YOUR PLACE IN THE WWE I ASURE YOU I HAVE WHAT IT TAKES PLEASE
Let the con begin! Hanging out at the Hunt Valley Marriott...come on down! :)
Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry.
Gotta go :'( Stupid school.? hopefully when i get back on youve tweeted me back..nd i would pass out cause i love you much
Noticed a plug for your exhibit on the Lemelson Center website re Food for Tomorrow conf. Can't wait to visit at USDA in Oct!
Where is the benedryl
you go boy!
Glad the school wants to decide to start piling on the work, in the last two weeks of school.
I'm sure you hear worse.
Damn girl u look good enough to get in tune wit.
Sheriffs have jurisdictions throughout their entire county. They operate county jails (e.g. CCDC), and serve court papers.
Thank you for the kind words about our project. We are so excited! We start tracking this month.
my town got blanketed with anti Kony posters this weekend
i need a new tumblr theme someone help
Now fully up and running, ROMANCE SPHERE THE ONLINE MAGAZINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
“A gentleman asks of himself, the small man asks of others.” -Confucius
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
My name is earl #notreallyitskevin :)
pouliot early leader for #Bruins 7th player award this year?
So what are you doing for Cinco de Derby this Saturday?
is on to the next round of ! Another demo in 7-10 days - then hopefully on to San Francisco! Thnx for ur support!!
Follow now
#uCantBeToughAndSay "If we gonna rob this bank let's hurry up ..its almost 7 and them street lights about to come on!!!"
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! Hope to see you at our Fringe show
This is one of the more disappointing chapters in world history in my humble opinion.
Just got my 1st credit card :)
RT : Someone else was prob. using same IP address. Me: "So you suspended all of UC Berkeley's access?" Him: "Yes."
Republicans arriving at Waukesha expo for tonight's senate debate.
TRUE! RT Me and and are showing off pictures of our cats. Dudes who love cats are the best dudes ever.
Waste of my damn time.... I hate send off's
Questioner calls Dinh out for "complaining about Ron Silliman like it's 2004."
get well soon....headaches are the worst!
.no its not that you suck. It that the game is broken as F*** like I said before.
I like kathy better
Come join us at #CrosslandCommunityChurch tomorrow at 9:30 if you are in Kentucky! :)
will you please follow me?? <3
Only moments away from getting started! I'm nervous and anxious..
Compound fracture. Bone thru skin. Headed to surgery.
hey baby girl. I miss you somethin' fierce
Sitting in a 3 hour seminar on how to collect sales tax. What a snoozer! Caffeine please!
I'm hungry I need some food!
I know that park! I'm IN that park. That pigeon is out of its mind! I call him Lenny.
she's cute<3
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
I think my cat might have a deviated septum or something but on the other hand I think cat snoring is cute?
Waiting for school bus to come :-/
That fml moment when u get home fron school and r so relived and they u reamber u have at least 3 hrs of homework :O
To satisfy my conscience, I ate for both
How will YOU be spending Easter Weekend? With family? Friends? At an amusement park? Let us know! -Vince
Note to self RT Good call "write what u know and know what u write!" for blogs. Many miss his simple point.
RT Working it out in the studio tonight and tomorrow let's make a booty hit. Send me a couple acapellas
Super bowl baby!!!!!! Love my
why the fuck does it say I unfollowed you?
Why do guys refer to females as "hoes & bitches" ?
What a cute looking pup! :)
Great weekend in Hilton Head now heading back to reality. United better be better this leg of trip! Congrats Maura and Kevin!
*One day my cinderella story will one day come true!*<U+2665>
email me some joints.
aahahha, i love you :P
How can you go wring with Flavor Flav?!?!?!
Mondays make us want Meat.
Depends if you're trying to go longer, I totally dig Scott Hartnell's hair even as a Caps fan.
I KNOW! Someone's got your back.
wish i was famouse so i could use #yogabbagabba to show my kids im cool by being on the show #really?
things Easter Manley say
Dammit, I missed an opportunity to play golf (I suck) 4 free with a Grammy winning producer who has produced some of my fav. albums.
Please retweet. I never gave Feedzilla rights to tweet on my behalf. How do I prevent Feedzilla? Very nervy on their part.
Chronic stress accelerates the aging process. The breath is your most powerful anti-stress weapon.
I'll give it to Ashton Kutcher: GOPers just don't do Punk'd like he did it. Exhibit A: The Tom Hanks/blackface ambush
Find a way. And make it happen
and loving Utah St.
why didn't you come to school D:
Give me +K in being influential in Confusing Peter Sarsgaard and Stellan Skarsgård.
That show money from strangers is hilarious! If you haven't watched it your totally missing out lol
it's a multiple-cup-of-coffee day today.
Great question. I would have loved a class like that, and I'm sure a lot of kids would, too.
Are you a member of National Association for Holistic Aromatherapy? $20 off a new membership if you write 'Liz Fulcher' as your...
I know! We're in Prescott, can see it coming.
and I wasn't invited? I see a divorce! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's sad that not enough administrators understand the value and the power of
I wanna change mine too...
Rather a person who knows how to use a controller pad.
This user is making horrible things about me? What like a robot or something?
We see you went back to visit us! How was it?
I'm trying my best to get fat!
congrats on your upcoming show gallery! looking forward to it :)
Thanks for following us!
Put your hands together for ~ our first 2011 #SultanofSmack! :-)
Girl that's the same thing I was saying! Plus I love all white! You know I will be on the look out for something like it! Amazing!
of course! Love your blog drop me an email
what, dude no! I like your account a lot :3
Gameplay Engineer Job In San Francisco - animation controls and vehicle physics exp pls. Hit me up if interested,
Kettner Nights, that is..
leaving home for work L. Delton today i think
i cant #chill . -_-. I just sang for my bf and he leaves me to play piano. Great right? (: luv ya thoo(: <3
Join the REVolution and Earn and Extra Stream of Income with Rev3 Energy Drinks. www.GetRevEnergy.com
I've been having the worst dreams..
Good talk with my brudder c:
#Freedom to live my life, the way I seem fit
And if you talkin foul I hope that ain't in my direction homey......
I have a good reason, it sucks.
LOL! I agree!
Wow, thanks for sharing such a sweet, sweet montage! congratulations on little Roger
lol. Well, if u r I'll wait up for u <3
I'm having a James Bond moment :)
Wow Gloria congrats! That is such an awesome opportunity!
Michael Leclerc gave aspiring #genealogy writers a good overview of the editing process.
Thinks that Marilyn Spector is the coolest lady in Baltimore :-D
Beautiful picture to start off a great day! Thanks for sharing!
+1 ! RT : Thanks for organizing a very interesting Saturday at
everyones taste is different...
help: Does anyone know someone we can borrow a few guitar amps & 1 bass amp from in Dallas next Friday?
It's starting to get a little better - but spend a few days following all the fake feeds and see how u feel.
part time. I don't work everyday during the show
Sounds like he's playing quite well. Don't hate my friend, embrace the former Badger! :)
Congrats for finishing the Boston Marathon. Oh, the places you'll go!
ohh silly you no we love you for your personality, we LOVE ' EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU ' !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Just got home from an awesome "refresher training"... feeling refreshed and ready to make things happen!
ROTFL....that is so true TEAM!!!
I only want one girl to be my valentine today! My grandma!
Smells Like News: The Comedy Awards 2012: The Show, The ...
notice he no longer writes for Bloomberg
I need a new twitpic..... lol
1A) OFF SEASON! RT : Revised national pastime list: (1) Football (2) The Draft; (3) Free Agency (4) Training Camp (5)Baseball
Floyd Wayweather won by unanimous decision, it's
Add towne centre furniture on facebook for a chance to win a prize package worth $765! See details on our facebook wall!
when was it tho? I dnt go on fb that much
Bad News: Ean (how ever you spell his name) is dead. Good News: the blonde looks really hot. ;)
Africa gears up for the debilitating effects of climate change as efforts are ... - Newstime Africa
I've been up since 6...I'm starving! lol I can't wait another minute!
Way to blunted to sleep
About to hit the weights.
well done fake professor!
there should be. But rink B is down so no stick and puck at all this week
likewise. But our cart doesn't float :(
Meanwhile in AZ RT : Tonight at 10, how a valley woman takes all the hair that your dog sheds... and raises money for charity!
Wish they can bring back boutique in the U.S., I can't live without the UV underbase mousse!
Hahaha U can't hate me!! U gotta love me!! Cause I love U!
One more song! One more song! One more song! - Miike Snow's audience at
right now I'm listening
Hey Daniel why don't u look up best beat-boxer ever
Tracy morgan twitter just brought ya mans nack to life..
Oh we got pics! Email me soon!
I like what I'm doing now. Not everything is in place but professionally, i'm mostly okay.
Def getting Fios at the new crib. Haven't fully moved in yet.
I just got a large duffel in the floral nightingale pattern, and it holds everything... and then some. ;) I love it. <3
Hate when people put up random shit like "u can call me tonight......." what the fuck r u talking about.
lol what is going on with u
LOOKING FOR CHICKENS AND A CHICKEN COOP!! RT
#agbt Penn State using MiSeq to genotype by sequencing polar bears. Very cool.
"TERRIBLE IDEA."
lol sorry bout it. You kids have fun!
That's it! I'm taking the rest of the year off! Happy new year
7th: Ride w/Me by - rewarding drivers and passengers for sharing rides
RT Seski go to Newport this day! Seski go Rogue Brewery and Agate Beach. You watch for SeskI!
hamster ball!
everyone go follow they are so amazing and follow back i will give shoutouts to the 10 people who follow (theyre new also)
I wish i had some nice fashion pix of Kim K ... that would be fashion funtastic !
if your joking about doing it with my mom, should you be embarrassed?
Greeting to you and Arthur Tick. It's good to know that you do not take a day off as evil does not rest.
But in all honesty, I feel like I'd have terrible control over each limb of my body. Worth a try sometime though!
Yup. I still got it.
Leeann so sweet (:
Bella Swan?!
it was awesome! Very challenging and tough but I rocked it! :)
just had a little nap:D
Last week of school. Last Monday.
It was an amazing first round of the draft, its going to be a great season! The offense is going to be back!
a tool for social engagement. But my experience has been, it seems to be more about individuals selling themselves or their lives...
I don't go near that site, I still think one of their trojans is what crashed my computer!
Up, Open, & Ready for You. Dbl Punch Drink of the Day: Gingerbread Latte.10, 20, 30 % OFF SALE continues. Come on in, Shop, Support, & SAVE.
Let's see if can help you find us in AZ.
psh whatever. priceless engraving. has that librarian ever found cat murder puns? i bet they haven't.
How are You today!?
I have a $30 coupon for Benihana. I don't even know where Benihana is.
my doggie had to b put to sleep this weekend. its the hardest thing ive ever had to go thru :( RIP Pebbles I love & miss u <3
haha its so bad! That's after i got rid of some and that's not even all of them. :/
LOVE that line!
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. ~ Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Going to take a walk down to then head to The Source for some #climbing it's going to be a good day in
Some Florida mother shot and killed her 4 Kids and Committed Suicide.. Seriously, why couldnt a random meteor just land on her head first.
Thanks Lo u da best
#nowplaying Fall From Paradise - Classified
thats the nigga i wanna work with
It was as though a signal had been given and we had begun to rise....
Ive been thru everything in life but a coffin
is following all these people, i wonder if he'll follow me today (: hm....? I wish he would tweet me ):
LET ME OUT OF HERE
You make me smile all the time!!! I love you more than chocolate! :D When are you gonna do #FollowMeAriana again? <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> :* :)
cheesy western, never again
So tired of the nausea!!
#Code12 : hatchlings showing life, coffee is made, the morning cooking begins. Getting ready for another stellar day at
Several OldOnes bragging the have been ALA members for nearly 40 years. Odd, they only look like the have been members for 30.
Just read blog post on becoming your own technical co-founder. Thanks for the words of wisdom and possibly a nudge...
pretty sure vander just got scolded.
I miss those...hope ya hit Vegas soon! ;-)
finished my finals exam
Marriage is give and take, so give it or she'll take it anyway-SHAWN ROBINSON
Great EDU reformers are like great chefs. You need them by your side 4 succeess. What these "edu chefs" do not have is
RT : Haitians will watch the Spanish channel all day but don't understand a word of spanish.
Congrats Kelly!
The manned up on Tuesday night... now it's our turn to #fanup on Thursday! Game 3!
It was not I who hurt u. It was you who hurt me. But know that I am not sorry, I do not mourn of this. That it showed me who you really are.
Why do you hate ur dad?
#Web 3.0 Zeustek is entering into web 3.0 . Will update on more progress
Does your "checklist" for the week include engaging with your "Advocates"? If not, might want to recalibrate the plan - they are your VIP's
Listening to the Ernie Kovacs Percy Dovetonsils CD that came in the mail today.
So very welcome, Rebecca, and ditto!
Women lie.Men lie
Last Day to get the Grasshopper Shake. Tomorrow a new month and a new special shake - 'Black Cherry' Blossom!
school time.
Kansas immigration debate still a stalemate
bye ppl
Gig thursday night at the old wagon in downtown san jose. music at 930. you should come
Bought Starters today! Looking forward to it. :) I read the first couple of pages in B&N and got hooked!
Goodmorning twitter peeps nd new followers :)
The Strokes, oh hell yeah.
of course Long Ding is a kicker. Here's hoping he makes a squad. Then, MUST call his 1st converted field goal.
ahahaha! This is awesome.
does anyone know where I could get a job application for #GlobexCorporation to work with #HankScorpio?
Gotta love #NHL playoffs fights have been awesome
gaining weight <<<
All in a Day's Work: Today, I'll work on a Wordpress website development project based on the #Genesis framework - Great for SEO & social
That's a shame. I thought he was referring to the Brewers old pitcher/bullpen coach Bill Castro.
Need a little Monday inspiration? How about our New Creation the Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Loaded with good stuff, sure to make you smile
glad you got it! Hope to see you soon
Im spending my sunday watching the red carpet i dont have a fno tee thought
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
Big Krit country folk
Still wondering how the Lakers managed to lose to the Cavaliers last night... First the Clippers now this...
#QuoteoftheDay" “Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.” Sue Patton Thoele
11 point Clippy lead in the first minute of Q3. Where's the Mamba? Where's World Peace??
Prep football finals are Nov. 15-16. With new basketball schedule, first games are Nov. 11. Prep bb now starts 2 weeks before fb ends.
Enjoying brunch alone at TruOrleans on H st....H st is continually evolving....looks so different from even a year ago
Help out our friend tonite at on Hwy 620 in #Austin. Any canned-good donation gets you a 1/4 pound of #brisket!
So the job hunt officially begins today after finally receiving my Employment Authorization Card over the weekend. Digital, SM, Ad
talking about sum body mama on facebook
don't you work or something?
Idk man. Um I think its just a setting. Mono instead of stereo. Idk. I dont know much about engineering.
Help us welcome Karina Bryant to The RAW Dream Team!
If the label says "Best before 2017" it probably isn't good for you bro
LifePath Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico - today we were breaking arrows with our necks, tomorrow - FIREWALK!
Ap calculus exam tomorrow. O.O
As a Chi Sox fan, idk if Adam Dunn can get any worse! This is BAD!!!
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
God is good, God is great, God is amazing =D
Going shopping with annie!(:
duh..why
I ment: Google Search: Drewy King
A New Way of Reaching Latinos Online on YouTube: Mitú - Huffington Post (blog)
Over 1,000 fans! Thanks, everyone, for your support!
GAMEDAY. PLAYOFFS. IT'S TIME.
If I've learned one thing in life, its that it goes on..! I just can't believe it was with you'
I'm Looking for a GREAT Email collection Widget for my Blog. Any Ideas anyone?
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.~Albert Einstein
Good win for Manchester United today. Still have work to do. No doubt Sir Alex will help them keep their nerve for the remaining fixtures
Omg fuck no! You must google find it :C
aww thanks doll! We really appreciate it. All of our sleeping options fell through <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Historic haunted ships, like the Marie Céleste (AKA Mary Celeste) will be featured at the ghost conference this year.
Wanna trade donations? I see we are both a bit short of the min. Oh and I might have bought a new toy :)
Oh gawd. Okay I promise. I want VIP too, but I'll settle for at least being up front and center. I want to see !!!
I'm done, it ain't no fun if homies can't have none
F'sho! as long as it's cool with #potus ;)
can u drive me to the game
On my way to tha woodlands let's see if I can't spend any money lol
Bosh just pmtfo.
Im bout to get on yo head wit this golf club . Golf club really ?
The baby shampoo is a useful and economical remedy to cleanse and soothe reddened eyelids. Mix it with equal parts of warm water.
Brilliant. What's the count (Messi y Cristiano)?
okay, I'll do your eye brows to .(:
How about some video David!!!
Tip #43567: best way to get a pitbull to give u kisses is to tickle their paws in a counterclockwise motion
My dad mailed me a 6 pack of Straub's Groundhog Brew...a bit late but still tasty. Yep, the box was packed in old and well worn socks!
The VMAs never cease to disappoint me. Where the fuck is the diversity?!?!
Uh oh. Just found My Cousin Vinny Might have to watch whole thing. I. Dentical
Flybe slashes &#39;hidden&#39; costs of booking air tickets
The goals in Bethesda, MD must not be regulation. Yeah, that's why.
Pancreatitus is a serious Mother Fucker! I`m sick as all hell! Lord help me.
this guy!
who wants thai food for lunch at 1pm or so? come find Sara at Hillel.
Matthew wrote me a note back(: I think that is the cutest thing in the world. I love him<3
This Day in History in Sarasota- Very interesting site. Great Sarasota history- www.sarasotahistoryalive.com/index.php?src=&submenu=home
No matter what I say, or what you have heard... I'm totally _Not_ over you.<3
L'S CITY 091 GO HARD FUCK WAT ANYBODY ELSE SAY!!!!!!!!!!!
u want a roommate????
It's not like it's the end of the world.. :):
I would imagine that would have a lot to do with how "bad" it was.
why aren't you on Skype while you are waiting.
#liespeoplealwaystell "I'm going to start my diet tomorrow" to some, tomorrow never comes, even if today is tomorrow
Daily suppressive therapy for symptomatic #herpes can reduce transmission to partners.
This isn't about you Leo RT : My dad's not asian... RT : ah gotta love old Chinese scripture
The Tigers have released Brandon Inge.
If you weren't such a bitch, you wouldn't be worried.
These NBC Announcers are miserable, put Dan Patrick in...
hahaha I thought it was hilarious!! "Dude, you have a 1.2 GPA, they're never gonna pick you."
haha, yup, me too!
OK, just a slip for the start of the Rose Bowl, right?
Do any of you care about Diablo 3? Less than 24 hours! Let us know if you're a nerd.
We shall. RT : Let's take a leap of faith today, shall we?
has finally written our new song titled Today. Its an acoustic!
Tonights party spots - Agency, Rendezvous, and Sayers Club. Hit me to RSVP or if you need a table.
LOL! is my twin. But she hasn't been on. :(
I got my clothes folded & put away the same day I washed it. I must be in a super awesome mood or something.
Who's your favorite racing #mascot?
Why on earth do you think what Sen. Baucus' ex-wife has said is headline news?
thanks. I can only cast you in just so many projects, mr Italy!
I'm sorry it was going to ruin my g.p.a.. it was for the best!!
No one else thinks the parents on 19 kids and counting are mentally ill? Hm, ok...
Toyota Prius camper conversion has us charging for the woods
Get Rid of Negative Facebook Ads With Dove&#39;s &#39;Ad Makeover&#39; [VIDEO]
Fred Smith (FedEx CEO): Pound for pound, dollar for dollar it's hard to find a program that's been more effective than ARPA-E
Thx for the response. KSMO in KC won't ever pre-empt #SKC + is a great announcer. More of that feed plz! :-)
thank ya velly much
happy birthday!! Best wishes! ;)
being #evil from now on
that's fantastic! Congrats to them!
MJ is still the KING!
SO 2 Perfect timing. We're pulling 2gether new content now. Can you hit me at
#np Right by my side- Chris Brown>>
Being all over guys is
Synapses not firing today, since I misread a Chronicle headline as "Key Findings on Chickens," & thought "hey, interesting." (It's clickers)
Free Scott "Sexy Rexy Rally" now featuring DJ Gambale. #FreeScotty #
miss you too! How are you guys doing??
how does it feel to have a cool cousin....
Message from our parent focus group: today's teenagers have it tough and both parents and teens need helping navigating!
Big thx 2 Obama 4 making clear in speech 2day that #foreignaid is only 1% of the #budget. can't close deficit on #intlbudget! .
And it has killed the regular season... RT The NCAA basketball tournament started in 1939 with 8 teams. It now has 68.
aite #oomf lied 2 me 4 da last time u aint gonna give me s/o smh u treated a s.o 2 my like i was askin 4 ya #
Farm in Milwaukee is great, but can it really happen? Who can afford the startup costs?
RT "Getting to see my grandparents is going to be the best part of this day!! ... #imthefavorite" thats what u think!
I know that for a fact, but my allergies aren't that bad. My only wish is that when it's cold, it STAYS cold.
100%! RT : If you're American you have a debt 2 pay. Not 2 sit back & criticize what is happening but to contribute 2 what should
whhoooooaaaaaa ! Angry pants
Crying...laughing...
Can't WAIT to quit my waitressing job! They be playin with ur money I SWEAR!!
Good win for the Panthers last night against Barry. Now, the focus shifts to FSU this Thursday night. Beat the Noles.
Chillin on hermosa beach. The place that inspired the show rocket power! Living the dream.
": Just crushed a bunny" wtf dan
Day #6: EPIPHANY. I cannot depend on this show to be my diet plan.
psst want my number lolz im a big fan n i wanna talk to u im 13 bout to b 14 plzz tweet bak haha
i feel naked.
and thanks for giving me two new people to follow! Keep crushing this #kettlebell workouts!
What's good all? Thankful its Friday, hoping to get out of work early and head over to best buy. New micro story will be available soon!
Feeling slow today? Get away from your computer and find something that makes you smile. What else do you do to shake off a sluggish mood?
Thank GOD I have a three day weekend this weekend, well now two days.
Something you can work out some you can
Wyclef the next President of Haiti? theentertainmentbucket.com
lol well if their stench is as strong as you say yours is then I'm not sure you would really have a choice.
It only takes one person to make a difference! So please tell everyone you know about ! HUGE plans in 2012!
And so it begins! Happy TLA 2012!
I don't know what you have been listening to, but they use PLENTY of peyote; among overs.... ;-)
All the time
needs a .net apps developer - Central NJ
Kids grow up too damn quick! My little girl is starting High School.
Thank you
Noticing more and more iMessages saying delivered, that are actually lost in cyber space...
All branches of will be closed tomorrow, in anticipation of the big snow. Plan accordingly!
Chair Rail?
You would be more excited if you relaxed, got more than 90 minutes of sleep each night, and enjoyed the experience!!
yo if you want tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight at Club Cinema, I got tickets. Text me 954-654-5605
fixin translated not doing it yet but might do it soon :-)
#nowplaying the #EDM PLAYGROUND WITH TUNE IN RIGHT NOW FOR THE INTERVIEW & GUEST #DUBSTEP SET BY DJ NICRO!!! www.xradio.biz HOUSE
UGH PLANS GOT CHANGED, MOVIES 2MORROW
straight off da boat....
The evidence is telling a different story, a weak statement like this is not going to stop an investigation.
I told Kenny he was adopted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Ok. Just because I am 50 does not mean the only colors I want to look at are black, gray & navy.
Where's my pix! Surely u handed Jimbo ur phone! Oh wait - what was I thinking.....
Sydney Dalton is my new hero.
That's gotta be about the Maloofs. They sell off all but 2% of the Palms (but still control),& owed 70 mil to Sacto before this deal
Is there something Godly about killing an innocent man or woman?
these Sleeping are pills triiipin me o0ut!.
I have so much fun playing with those super strong hand dryers!
Great to meet about and our CNL nursing curriculum. WIHI
Knowing my bestfriend's mommy is hurting just breaks my heart..
Designing an Illustrator file based on Vintage Butterflies scanned from an antique book. Finding old images is almost like treasure hunting
read my forthcoming entry at ahabsoup.com
New details in the murder of 2 women found dead at a Saugus school as the victim's son waives extradition to MA to face murder charges
Change in district policy about endorsements is forcing a lot of grade-level shifts. Not sure, but lots of hints and rumors.
Nope RT : Well I'm just a little voice in the blogosphere: has anyone else you encouraged trash talking even responded
including the ankle monitor you'll wear after you're indicted for phone hacking!
As an #Aries you will win by any means necessary.
Confucius Kung Fu Tzu: "Do nothing and nothing will be left undone."
Remove whatever stone (issue,stress,lie,confusion) this morning that has been blocking your flow and step into the destiny God has for you!
I love this neat debate about brains/psychology liberals/conservatives. Nice topic choice!
#OTL is doing a report on a Xavier womens' player who missed 2 wide open layups in a row.....isn't that what always happens in Womens bball?
Your twitter has been hijacked. Unless you're actually sending me hurricane videos.
oh myy gosh!!!I hated that but it was pretty funny & a good memory! Hahaha
Is it true you and Oliver are going to LeakyCon this summer?
hail stanford hail!
I am determined to get #wasted in a #classy bar in #Vegas for once.
i'm so glad i don't have brown or pancake nipples.
I'm sorry bro
MY HOUSE IS ON MY STREET, but my home is in your arms.
An absolute pleasure tagteamin' the DJ booth tonight! Good times at on
okay I wont but u cant be one either, nd follow me back :)
=> 1st Black woman on the cover of Vogue... wow! Thanks for the follow - following back :-)
Ex-boyfriends suck!
We are plugging away on the trailer! Hoping we'll have it together soon to share with you!
"Many people know how to criticize , but few know how to praise" Ethel Waters, Singer Dancer and Actress
Definitely! RT : Can't wait to get my LAMILL fix! See you soon! Rt: : Happy Monday! Remember:All work and no...
Douchebag o' the week:
where da fuqq is that? ha I'll look it up. do you know when it is?
sorry -- can't make it tomorrow. have an investor-thank-you dinner. ping me before next week, or check my tweets
Late night rides seem to make her day better, so I buckle up and ride...
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 54
We miss YOU
stupid like that , then she said ok . we talk like how quintin got a high top . and the whole armon & tae thing then i was
“: You've cat to be kitten me meow!”
TEXT-S&P revises BICRA n Uruguay to group '7' from '8'
What should our bet be with LA's Fox Sports West Patrick O'Neil for Yotes/Kings?
Watching the #Titanic..every time I watch it I wanna cry:( such a great movie!
well it's handy to know I need to bring my horse if I plan to exceed my 2 hour max. :)
As usual, madness occurs when I play basketball on Tuesdays as Rod Barajas' walk-off 2 run HR wins it for the Pirates!!!
It is better to be young in your failures than old in your successes Life is like a box a chocolates, you never know what your going to get
so lucky i got to spend my last performance at ppu with such talented wonderful people!
84 Dead In Libya Protests In 3 Days
Tonight in Boston: The TNT Duo - Tania Stavreva (piano) & Teodora Dimitrova (violin)! First Church in Boston 66 Marlborough St.
": never got it.... my # is the same call me"//ok boo will do
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot! So True!!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3hgr
bored doe...: Personal Deep Dish Pizzas
Hi ! Nice to meet you :) Can I be of any help? Would love to...
Phil dowd is useless
how was the weekend?!
Our Black Friday & Cyber Monday specials will be announced exclusively on our Facebook page later this week!
stop it
I miss Riley):
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3
r u an ICONiac?
U believe the UK would be a good locale for Gov 2.0 Expo? Even with the parliamentary system?
My eyes burn
And to be clear, I'm not obsessed with , just more in admiration of her.
Floyd is so smooth , Cotto gotta win last 2 big or KO to win
me too! So nice outside today in
Honestly that halftime show was produced very well. Madonna looked a little stiff though
Probably wont go to school at all next week.
Found something to wear.! (:.
have to adjust to the density after hunger games. sad we're not getting movie sequels or a director's cut. dat cast!
Nah, back here in NYC. The twitter challenge--what's that??
Let's do this! RT : IU fans: Come out and welcome the Hoosiers home! The team bus will arrive at Cook Hall today at 4pm.
That's a good choice!
Happy Holidays To All!
It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them.
Every young girl deserves to grow up being told that she is beautiful every day!
lol your crazy I like you but your crazy lol
RT : "Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." ~Unknown
Great to see those changes come to Android.
That was one of the best finale's I've ever seen!
I would like to play Saturday on repeat for a few days. Who do I have to talk to to make that happen?
thanks for the
That was pretty awesome!
omg. You're so dead. #revenge ;)
Morning Rockstars! > Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world. - Miguel de Cervantes
It seems like its gonna be the same as last night... cool, not! :/ Thanks for helping me last night!
Really could have stayed in the bed this AM! But, happy to be alive, on my feet, and at my j-o-b!
Yea I been broke...now I'm good, bitch...I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood rich!
"I'm really busy judging everybody!" - (bahahahaha!!!)
So everyone thought the fact that the cloud looked like a smurf was funny excvept
:( it's kind of sad? Wise Justin, is life after high school all it's cracked up to be?
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter. Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
so boring
we do video. What's your budget?
someone in had one last night, perhaps it was (Isaac)?
Do you think Janelle Monae is femme or butch or both?
r u still using journler? Why or why not? I'm researching knowledge management apps & appreciate your experience w/ them
Where's all the rain?
Age does not bring maturity - Change does.
#WaysToPissOffAFatPerson throw away your left overs
Thank you! RT : I will be sure to write a post on my page and spread the information.
Jamie and Stefany worked on a couple songs last night. Looking for lyrics and the melody for said lyrics to be found. Tough job!!
Another good reason to live in Israel, NY Rangers & NY Knicks are both on TV here LIVE!
So excited! About to go spend some time with Monet at the Thanks again, !
THANKS...LOL..239Turk Lookin Thu My Followers & I Noticed..... I GOT SUM SEXY ASS FOLLOWERS!!!!
Ali's with the girls (:
we going to have to go get some grub lol
Do you think they said "Reed you need to make some changes or we will?"
damn bro...what i do?
Happy Easter Natalie!! Hope you have a great day!! =)
wish you were here!
that rapper in the first episode is me
lmao I hauled ass like 2 seconds later; dont worry about it hoe(:
bah - happens less than you think I'm sure! btw I hear we may be working together w/you & Amalia soon :) -CV
sure will!
2 hours of football with kids yesterday . . . and baseball today. Enjoying winter.
So much fun and so much fried food!
for the sake of portraiture, procedural evidence, and mapping
get it gurl (:
Good night Cleveland. Another day without snow ho-ho-ho!
you've come a long way! ^_^
take away the 1/2 million $ extra prize she won..
you wouldn't know if I am.
watched The Firm this weekend, must have been before Tom learned to karate chop the air to run faster
&quot;Hunger Games&quot; Whets An Appetite For Archery - Neon Tommy
My Quote of the Day - "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.", Jim Rohn
Palin on Newt: Annoy a Liberal, vote for Newt! ....and Colbert's take on that=" So Newt is like a flaming bag of poop you can VOTE for!"
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
GAME TONIGHT!!! Come watch the Panthers as they compete for the Milwaukee Cup against New Mexico @ Valley Field 5 p.m.
When you're original, you have to be prepared to be copied...be prepared to be hated on...both for the same reason..they wish they were you
happy birthday! I really can't wait to see you open for 1D. You're an amazing singer:)
which mobile sites/apps support facebook developers/ppl who have acces to TIMELINE? I have blackberry. TNX
this season is weird, but I think The Yankees will end up winning. They'll get another start in a trade.
u wanna start wit me we can go lol !
Today I'm a sideman with the Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra. Playing 2nd Tenor next to the one and only !!!
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "All Night Long & Got Em' Jookin"... <U+2605>
Love the name too - my company's name is InfoShare ;)
This is great! I would love to learn mote about Rio.
3 or 4 close bowl games doesn't make up for the 25 or more that are garbage and flat out uninteresting.
Focusing on doing the right things & doing things correctly seem to go hand in hand.
And will be an Illinois voter!
AMEN RT : "Tim Tebow is not fit to hand Peyton Manning a towel." -
Arias pops out and this one's in the books for the bad guys
I'm right there with you. Thank you all for such a stupendous plot.
Alright now .. What's the deal with skool getting close -.-
Live it up!
just saw your mug design randomly on the interwebz
TGIF....very tough week-orchestrated by outside forces/HATERS
Cool. We'll announce it,
RT : Wisconsin 1st state in nation to enact collective bargaining. WI values workers' rights.
Its one of those days I could be in a great mood. At the same time I am disgusted. And missing my Daddy oh so much. I hate living in pain.
I'm the queen of giving chances. I believe in people and I believe it's never too late to say sorry and start over again
bro u need to get a location so we can film that straight shots video lol
kinda. Im a slow thinker so yea. Haha.
She said you're such a dog, I said you're such a b-one
hi big head how u been doing
Happy Birthday, man!
thanks for RT, Greg. Have a great day.
haha I hope it is
Going to see D12 Tonight? You Could be! DM , FIRST 2 NAMES GETS A PAIR OF TICKETS TO THE SHOW TONIGHT!
Wow, Punch the Teacher looks like hit TV.
After looking more in depth at google's self driving car, it appears we are getting much closer to Wall-E's predicted future.
I hate it when that happens. I hope you find them soon.
Come see my sketch show, "SummerCaliNarcissisticSexpelalaDouchUs" tonight @ 10 pm @ Strait Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd, 90038!
Lots going on this Saturday, Friends booksale @ Old Colorado City Library & OC3 meeting!
Done recording and editing the audio: only took 1 hour for about 15 minutes.
why when i just said bye to you on the phone I was wavin.lmao :)
lmao! U loving the new place?
Thanks! We have actually changed a little more since those images were taken! Come by to check out what we've done!
I hate how I can't be friends with guys because their psycho girlfriends. I have a boyfriend, thanks.
No problem! It was sweet to see it the first time... Time to finish them off
At Chick-Fil-A. Hoe is packed!
Made my lunch today. First time in like forever!!! and my lunch have my face on it sence preschool :-)
Opening the heart with !!
I dunno..no one :)
so good for you! you can do it!
to sue from her son jason and daughter jenni. that would be an awesome gift. so I hope u get thsi
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Did you know.. May is National Asthma & Awareness Month?
Josue had the best game of his career. Let this be a start.
Watching #AGT but I miss #TheVoice and the stuff says
Happy Easter Everyone :D
Congrats! You are halfway through the week!
Can't wait to watch "Cook it Raw" episode tonight!
I am an official owner of my own business! Hoping to bring Kousagi Crafts to LC Farmer's Market this July!
Get our Las Vegas Now Deal on Groupon!
This month seems to have taken forever to pass by, but watch April fast forward...
Aww.. :3 you are soo cute&sweet!! (; too bad you can't be like 3 years older :'(
aww lmfao I feel so loved now!
Guy whistling down the hall is driving me nuts. Something wrong with him.
..Where were you? This cannot happen again! hah
": Still winless. Need some tips for the ponies..." Always bet on
we got you
I was thinking the same thing..definitely spoiled this winter with little snow in Philly!
Wow. Thank you! So many beautiful choices. I'll email you later.
What is the hardest part about losing weight?
I Hate My Face ? Uh no, I hate UR face! Lol why is this trending?!~ :p
Got a great idea worth spreading? You could be a speaker at this year! Let us know. ;-}
- Dre bought the company today, hit him I guess
you're welcome!
I wish that I was talented.
I have such a good T-shirt idea for this IU game.
how old are u?
yes my friends. pink ropes give it away? Met #BryanLi. heard he was fab. And. Tis true.
Has anyone else truly missed ??? I need a new album from her stat;)
you should
About to beat some ass in Frisbee golf.
i think they are! figured out who they're from, too...phew?
I don't like how popular pinterest is becoming :-( I wish is was still my little secret. ~Selfish moment~
why? DM me.
I'm poppn bottles
It's very Snooki...(actually, stick with Umpa Lumpa) : Ok they definitely over did it on my makeup I look Umpa Lumpa Orange
5 hours of snow now, it only stopped for maybe 30 minutes. Maybe more, I woke up at 730, could have been snowing before then, too
I hate being a girl sometimes -_-
Chris: part of a team that is promoting digital access to collections (!)
New song "kickin it" will be up shortly, check out the new song "miss freckles" if you didnt do so yet
I like blogpost "hey I'm cool. I have an iphone and can now blog about my country dog."
My design inspiration for #FollowFriday: and
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
Publish the work, have students write reflections... Communicate how skill development is progressing.
Interactive video allows you find out what your listener wants and deliver a tailored message.
no problem
game 3 hasn't happened yet. Don't go jumping to conclusions
I'm looking forward to the people and the experiences of #Faffcon 2 this weekend!
RT : Why is #megrahi putting out news about coma (again)...to boost book sales?!Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #1,378,668
Nobody's denoralizing you.
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Eating frozen dark chocolate Kit Kats. I can literally see my waist line expanding... But I can't stop.
Thanks, Barb. I trust that the kids are safe. I can survive a little worry knowing that!
im sorry i ever loved you.
I dont use Photobucket anymore to make my icons but something else :)
Happy birthday to the only fan I'm actually afraid of,
Lol because it's true RT : Why must people close the overhead bins like they're trying to keep a vicious badger from escaping?
damn that's some shiesty shit.
Tomorrow I'm going to Springfield in Virginia xD
I don't know, but she better be worth waking pissed off over.
"If you're going to be involved in journalism, at least get your facts right." -Courageous journalist to greedy publisher
wanna follow me?(:
RT : OH: "and this is where rockstars lay out their skanky whores and do lines off their scars."
Leadership - There go the people. I must follow them for I am their leader.
is definitely the woman. HAayyoooohh!
what up :)
Aw thanks!
glad you enjoyed our sushi, btw, thank you very much for your business!
cooking 101 @ work rice and ground meat + squash + green stuff :? :)
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Some guys are so damn sexy I just can't say no! Feeling in love right now<U+E106><U+E418><U+E022><U+E328><U+E022><U+E328><U+E022><U+E328><U+E106><U+E418>
as far as the Eastern Conf. goes, I'm cheering for the Caps to beat N.Y. & N.J. to beat Philly. After that, NO! Lol
“: Lets be completely honest, I would feed you to a shark... #brutalbuttrue” You'd be playing Jaws on a cello while watching
Haha! I feel honored
Fred Shaw returns onside kick 4 yards for score with 5:02, lifting to 61-44 lead over Pittsburgh.
Middle finger 2 my past
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "I'm Late"
doesn't sound good...
I think my cat is part frog, part monkey and the remaining part cat. A fronkat.
that's not cute
look who's sitting behind me..
FULL METAL ALCHEMIST IS STILL COOL.
lively & awesome discussion via email already in progress by partners re: #SOTU (and baseball...)
How bad R ? 2nites pre & game broadcast vs. Jays all about play-by-play guy being on ! And it's only May 10th!
Thank you Duke. My bracket is now screwed. #angrytweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
People trippin out about people being excited about their GPAs. Its not like everything else everyone tweets is so god damn interesting....
That goal was ridiculous
Me n lol
Time for nite nite. Just glued a blown up pic of 's avatar on a Barbie Doll... Cc:
Ten K's for Dempster! Great job!
Speaking at on May 22, alongside the always-scintillating , currently of , formerly of
bekah is pregnant.
No doubt. I'm new to the area, so all new friends are welcome.
Rolling Stone Red Carpet was rediculous! Awesome night
I am definitely capable of going on forever... can attest :-)
Then the next logical step is the 3-D Silent genre. Or, wear ear plugs to the re-release of 3-D Star Wars.
Musings: Solve your own problems. Change initiated happens before change waited on.
Wow. Never thought I'd say this, but that movie Snow White & The Huntsman actually looks kind of cool.....
Thanks for the mention!
Do you have a link supporting that? Would love to take a look...
Nas, Diddy and Russell Simmons' Child Support Payments Are Revisited
What a surprise to see you on Twitter! Miss you!
thanks babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Haha, yeah. No problem!
A Playboy centerfold of 1976 would need to shed 12 lbs of fat and gain 27 lbs of muscle to be a centerfold today
The lord blessed me to see the sun
“: Brewers lost to the Giants 4-3 this afternoon. Game went into extra innings.”
Ed Anderson, president and CEO of CGH Medical Center has announced his retirement, effective Jan. 4 2013.
I do not have a Low Rider butt. Why do I wear Low Rider jeans? Fun day ahead!
Counting cash with Tracy today was a nightmare >.<
Finding it hard to believe is celebrating her 25th anniversary, she must have started at age 3. Congrats!
o.O
haha I just read Sisson's book, too, so all the dots are being connected. Glad all you giants are sharing your knowledge!
whatever what u wanna say that but i say ur cutie bestie!:)
Thanks for the retweet!
#Coyotes and #Predators take the ice for warm-ups.
#BorowitzReport What a fucking hack. Comedy? Maybe if you're an Obama sycophant.
I don't get it. Why are all the critics raving about Descendants? Horrible prodding film with really bad Hawaiian yodeling throughout.
Have a great night Danielle. I'm looking forward to auditioning for you.
Stop the presses!!! A local meat market imports San Marzano tomatoes! Holy hell it's on like Donkey Kong!!!
#FDA must balance evaluation of product safety with more efficient approval of innovative new drugs: editorial via
They're selling The Communist Manifesto This place is run by Marxists!
Everyone have a safe and productive week. It's back-to-school time. Watch out for children crossing the streets!
- Nicely done!
Students forget textbooks, used cell phones for info. Goodbye textbooks
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Driveway flood light is out again. Good outdoor LED floods can't come soon enough.
#Imagine you're walking out of the kitchen with a sandwich. Austin sneaks up behind you and kisses your neck whilst stealing the sandwich.
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it ok enjoy ur time with adam
Talor, have you made up your mind yet? Are you staying at PSU?
The kids are in bed. The day's work is done. The house is quiet. All I want to do is STARE and do nothing!
all the time, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE, a little difference but a difference ;D
my favorite band is One Destination and my favorite one is the mexican!!
No clue what makeup looks good on U? Get lessons or experiment. Don't be too busy to be that sexy, hot and fun mom, wife, or bachelorette.
Thoroughly enjoyed the #npx2012 conference today. So glad we had the opportunity to attend. Thanks to all the speakers.
and Clay Aiken sucks a lot of dick!
If you call me baby in the first text.. You get no reply. I'm not sorry.
I use to hate it cuz I always thought about ny train stations but now I love the bacon melt :) n hey boo
thanks so much for the pledge! Xo
racks have been confusing men for quite some time now.
is the love of my life #<3
Katherine, I am now following you. Follow me and DM me and I'll see if I can help. And I promise to unfollow when we're...
tell me about it, just moved out of my dorm, into quach's house, and had to pack to go home for 2 weeks haha
Who wants to chit chat for a few? And also checkout our online store! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com :)
ready for this class to be over with
He's evolving? MT : Can't believe how obsessed my dad has become over miniature dachshunds. He used to race cars and pound beers
Not my most effective use of my Winter Break, but I did manage to relax and recharge.
Laughter is the best medicine! ? YourFavWhiteGuy ? his hilarious tweets make me laugh and smile so much! Follow him now, you'll love it ?
Just got my dog a cardiologist for his high blood pressure and slightly enlarged heart. He's overweight too... doggie personal trainer?
I love
#SaySomething was AMAZING as i was expecting (: i loved it <3
Man, come on #LAkers... Don't let Bonner shot that shot... Keep a hand in his face PLEASE!!!
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its rich
Well, we held our first ever picnic lunch at the good ole Sports and Social Club today. It wasn't planned but hey, it was lunch!
No, no, no, you say that proudly...
hm... Wasn't aware that #instagram was the premier portal for photos of fingernails.
RT : Q1: WHAT’S THE BEST PIECE OF ADVICE YOUR MOM EVER GAVE YOU?
Sounds fun! Go through the Hudson Valley -- Woodstock, the Dia museum in Beacon, Kingston. Loved road trippin there from New Haven.
Can this weekend get here a little faster? I am dying of anxiety, get here!
you a real brotha. I remember you doing a backspin on the basketball court in San Antonio / Seguin TX. back in the mid 80's. CONGRATS
hmm how about team kaotic lancer :D
dude your a fag! They are sick and plus I have to wear ankle braces so it's like they are just built in
Healthy Halloween Snacks: Cereal bars, low cal pudding, 100 cal packs, sugarless gum, microwave popcorn, raisins, hot cocoa mix, mini cereal
Nothing gold,can stay
I have 1 appointment open for MusInk this weekend in Costa Mesa, Ca.
We hope everything was great! Thanks for celebrating with us...
actually I'm going to goldstein 1st. want anything?
no you! Now go to bed. I am night
If you don't try u will never know
Take a moment for yourself and enjoy!
really fine hail in Noblesville coming down rapidly now
has arrived in the studio! She's warmed up and ready to start singing
nothng on you is a great song and video..thats whats up i loved it..
On vacation, but you'll still be getting a new letter this weekend!
I didnt make cheer captain oh wells:/ :'(
Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow. Swedish Proverb
10 more pages done in my newest book ~ woo hoo!
Alberta street is closed today for June #lastthursday. Bring your crafty, artsy self and support your local street party!
MIFID II details are out - the UK/EU fintech journalists I've spoken to have already said it's going to be a long evening...
You're my new little dark side crush!
My research methods class requested that I give them more info about grants/grant-writing. Hive mind- any suggestions?
If you anyone doubts Shakespeare was not the 17th Earl of Oxford they should look at his chart. There's no question
or "holograms"
I just sneezed really hard & it felt like my neck was exploding..
love to EARN your business too brother. I'm a short road trip away. Have decent connections to assist your voyage. Cheers Mate
you told me the story before lol
let me text my baby daddy.
thanks! Needed serious updating :)
GRAB THAT NEW MIXTAPE "THE UNDERGROUND KING" FOR $5 ITS HOT HIT ME UP FOR YA COPY BOUTA GO TO CLASS
Wieters is inhuman and immortal
Hope you like my book! :)
I really wish 2 of my followers would grow up!
share any new information about google
You would've seen it again without the 3 turnovers in one quarter. He will need to be dealt with in the playoffs.
I second that!
I just don't know what I am going to do with you shawty lol!!
Uhm before you call her pathetic look at you.
Nobody makes love on bear skin rugs anymore.
Now the #outrageousbiz competitors have to face a lightning round of questions. students think quickly on their feet!
recieved a resume today, special skills listed: twirls and mean baton, so- so funny improv jokes, yea Im not kiddin
long night was over at 11:20 walk into my hotel room at 4am what a mess and was very expensive to get around here.
Well said! Unfortunately, people seem to be lacking respect these days. Thanks for doing your part to change that.
Happy Birthday to two of the sweetest girls I know: and :)
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
Hate being home by myself! #Neverfun :(
that was bonerific
I swam a mile this morning, how about you?
hit me up bro
Zed's dead baby
Join us for our Sunday Champagne Brunch tomorrow 10:30am-2pm and enjoy unlimited FREE champagne with each entree.
Dent and dings or hail damage lowering your vehicles value and appearance? One easy solution www.kingoftheding.biz
I haven't read the books, but I was horrified by the film, & I'm neither squeamish re violence nor fretful re kids' sensibilities.
I'm starting to get sleepy & I'm ready to go home.
Thx all for RTing and believing in the #CiteYourSources campaign!
What happened to last week's fidelity to ?
Just finish watching the green hornet i could not stop laughing.
lies I do call you, you never call the hell bk
I am NOT - I repeat NOT going to watch Prision Wives - LOL - just the thought of it makes me laugh
i always have writers block!
#factswithoutwikipedia Nuclear Winter a myth invented by Soviets. Nuclear Indian Summer a well documented after effect of nuke testing
You know Knicks will beat Orlando lol
Happy birthday =P
Anyone have the #gophers player rebounding breakdown at the half??
1 step out the car...yep ill be movin here
please?:D
Scandal Time Twits
day off, gym then working on track
Hey i'm glad u found me
Thanks for score!
To everyone making fun of Jets fans tonight because we just added extra Sanchez. Not Funny! Some of have to live with it.
Thanks Jason!
Ooh good for you! I really want to do one of those intensive retreats
Rest in peace grandma Claire, thank you for the wisdom.
Do people not realize it is 3 days before christmas??
any warning from the NWS of this storm? Lots of lighting and thunder! wtf!
hey Kevin. Lol
I love macaroni grill!!!
Bryce Harper says he's not sore or bruised from the Hamels HBP. "Not at all." He than asked how's the ball.<U+26BE>#Unstopable"
Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' "style" reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q? during arguements since 2006.
Done! All legs. #gonnabelimping !!!
with the Nets changing there name that makes u an #ICONicBrooklynDigga <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>$$$$
"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me(Jesus) hath everlasting life." NIV John 6:47
I am Nerd. I think
Free baseball is fun
Shopped at Simon's in Montreal... totally in love! Sale section has the best deals ever!
Marlins, Hanley getting treated like the Heat, LeBron now. Holy shit, people need to calm down.
SBA needs your marketing expertise to capitalize on all of the opportunities
Our pleasure :)
RT : Evaluating the impact of science, technology and innovation programs: a toolkit via
I guess I don't get Twitter as much.... Who cares if there is TMI? :) good to see you at least on 1 social network
Ah, yes, the morning coffee is where I seek the positive. And the afternoon coffee. And even the evening coffee...
Heat look good too, bwahahahahaha
ah...... ive been talkting to her on yahoo :) HA SUCKA sorry. do u have her email. and i got a new email btw
what's your over/under for being too old to wear a players' jersey?
What a great show . Can't wait for tommarows members call at 930 est
No power = time for
<--sold out for tacos
Um hypocrite? Yes.
I haven't been on twitter at all
You are very welcome!
wow which son?blake?
So glad to hear that you liked my class. :) I miss teaching-mostly the student interaction. How are you? Really like your website.
Cody Robert Simpson has swag. :D
No.!!! Ride The Bus Please.?!?
I use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Jim Shepard's Master of Miniatures. A really cool novella.
congratulations! that's awesome!
Notre Dame's Brittney Mallory gives a shoutout to their teams Strength Coach in the Post game interview
is my bestfriend follow her (((((:
Good luck guys!!
o.O That's a lot of comments.
#FollowFriday some of the best.
Or I do but I'm not going to let even myself know about it cause I will trip balls I wish I was tripping balls ortrickingballllls:pjksmh
Hello..there
the funny thing is that now living in the U.S. I often want the work-life balance from D. It's a better quality of life there
it has been a great day!!!
To all the Curtin's on the East Coast of the USA...be careful and stay safe this weekend!!!
we should re start up
Well said! Now time to drink. RT : IT'S HERE!!
Lol I take it you gents have had a nerf gun shoot out of your own?? Everyone fears the Nerf gun at the office.
Please ignore the DM I sent you. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope you have a great day!
cool chris davis cool
haha wow. 10 minutes into the blackout and ive already come to realize that without wikipedia this would be a horrible world...
he isn't
Thorns still attached and the whole ya dig.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. -Elvis Presley
ha ha! Yeah I'm crazy busy but most of it good.
RESP.SYNCTIAL VIRUS AFFECTS YOUNG KIDS LUNG AND BREATHING POOR BABY SO SICK
your just jealous because austin likes her and not you! Bye hoe!
Awww too cute!
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flip-flop on gay marriage b/c polling doesn't look too bad
It will be great to see you, and we'll grab a bite afterwards.
MindFirstFitness on Linkedin. Where the 'big boys' play...
"Yeti" is the number three trending topic on yahoo right now. The empire is apparently striking back in 2012.
Amazing work. Congratulations on another fantastic #CreektoBay Cleanup.
Why aren't they asking him about winning DPOY?
#NewYorkYankees keep a rollin' but #CoreOfFour is getting a tad battered and acting their age. Except the timeless
#TEDMED Research misconduct occurs when negative results not published. Publication bias! Powerful talk with evidence in PloS medicine.
My boyfriend is the sweetest.<3
The Infinity Airbrush System is excellent for body builders, brides, and bride’s maids, proms, home coming or going on vacation. We love it!
i'm in Crown Point, bitches!
Looking forward to recording today.."Back to Chicago" is the plan.
gracias for the follow
Happy National High Five Day!! High Fives to everyone doing something active today!
It's been long enough! RT Today could be the first time to reach 75° in 278 days. Celebrate this evening with ½ price wines
Doug Thomas - What if our educational institutions were about the wonder, pleasure, and fun of learning?
Not everybody will like you let that be their problem says at
Why yes, I am OK with giving men's fashion advice. I'm a snappy dresser? Thank-you for the compliment.
did you go!?
There are Jelanators out ther (like me) and if that would happen i would cry
do you want me to retweet this?
I love how I spend more time on Tumblr than on here. Hence it posting ten times a day.
u just had one two days ago!?! Ur "on to the next one" already!?!
great sweety! Just produced a film called timeless! How r u?
Can anyone out there recommend a good chiropractor?
VN, coming back with M of 63, time to run the game over!
I'll take care of you<U+2665>
so basically you can't answer: Is now the right or wrong time to raise taxes, given the income drop.
Your vote can be the one to make a change. Vote Yes to
And that last #tweet was 1111, now this is 1112.
Not cool, lady who farted in the sale room at Anthropologie.
The Missile - Shredded Chicken, Carmelized Onion, Blue Cheese, Pepper Cream Cheese on a Wheat Hoagie.
“: I'll be giving you a set, make sure they are not leaked” Hold those photos you two. They're too good, too soon!
Great housing deals in South Florida from 50k to 150k you can buy homes
Thanks, Dolche! I can't wait until I finally get to meet you :]
Livin' Young & Wild & Free :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you okay?
Let us know if you need any ideas or hookups!
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself
I'm sprung
(chanting) Uptown! Uptown!
: t.you. Hope u have a great one! :)
why can't it be Monday at 10PM?!!?
lost more twitter followers?
Also baking blueberry-lemon mini cakes for said cocktail party.
90 points. Amazing!
Even my exes are hitting me up. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. Is it a full moon? Am I being punk'd?
Chillin in world fair park with
HELLO IM IN MY SCARY BASEMENT ALONE
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation
Some Of These Bitches Be Bout Ratchet As Hell In Person But Be Lookin A Whole Notha Person On Twitter / Facebook !
I don't "round" which causes much gnashing of teeth even though I note this on the syllabus.
thank you
Man the offense looks bad right now.
I.S.D. Locksmith ISD-Locksmith Pacific Beach Locally Owned & Operated $29 service- $15 re-key- $45 lockout repair-install $29
Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf
I have to buy these shades tomorrow, have to, I don't have a choice, when he sun shines I need shades. Need them... No guilt... No guilt.
I wanna see :)
Black Keys at Mesa Amphitheater! Miss :30Club though.
WHO WANTS TO DESIGN THE GREENSMOKERSMVMNT LOGO
Red lights become exponentially worse when surrounded by chicken trucks of death
just mapped the conference hotel for tomorrow...it's closer than the office!
We are pondering the universe, Jen.
Happy Mother's day to my beautiful #MILF s.
Add that place to my list of bars that don't sell pbr
Thank you darling! I think there's still blood all over that kitchen. Poor dear renters.
Watched season premiere of Intervention, now looking to hold one w/ someone I know. Be suspicious if I invite you to meet me somewhere.
Next #AskAuntLisa video comes out tomorrow for a chance to win 2 more posters signed by Austin! *HINT* Some answers will be from MY VIDEOS!!
is it on yet i live in fl, and i'm at the website, but i don't see you
I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself. - Ruben Studdard
you know what? i think im done. Done with all this bullshit. with all your bullshit. if you wanna be with me,okay. if not don't confuse me.
Excellent promo for Gen election. When states outlaw LeagWomenV it's a problem
Q woke up screaming and scared smh
Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Tune in next week for the Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
hehehe I see many epic faded nights in our future!
I miss you to buddy </3 and your on twitter again?! :D
don't get too drunk tonight
Now, I shall look threw all of 's recent pictures to see if he has wore the hat me & gave him.
I might as well be at my company picnic.
“: « In due time you will pay for all the wrong you've done.» Amen!” <<<< this
and you are telling this to us to .. make us jealous? You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
Tip: If you have a lot of skeletons in the closet, refrain from running for political office.
planning a move is hard work. this is the 2nd time, and still tough. but totally worth it.
Seiling, Oklahoma’s own Gary England () just followed me on Twitter!Thanks from one rural boy (#Hobart) to another.
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs I want you back!<3
Pray tht I will have a place called home I been livin with different ppl since my mom died when I was 15
Working with a new client today...this company specializes in finding green uses for gray water...
Deff Joan Rivers, shes feisty and would not let herself lose, she would deff win the games :)
I was going to have Tyler Flowers delivered but it was too expensive.
-- Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
awww let me know if I could be any help?
tell him Fonville
I need passwords!! Lol
ditto! : "note to self: make digital product for facebook to acquire. #sheesh"
- would love to hear more about your experience. Let us know if you would be interested in a guest blog post!
You really don't want to give a bully that much power
Just a coincidence that both improv and birth certificates can be categorized into short-form and long-form?
Sad to hear the news about Really like his music. Hope he's not in any pain.
I'd be sadder if the nephew hadn't taken up singing "Scotland The Brave" in a terrible Scottish accent for the past week. Hahaha.
Making homemade banana bread... Yum!!! My house smells SO good!!
Kill with self. Swagger.not.the real tv versions like.ur.thinking.of.
Both. Duh.
likewise, best of luck!
Smh I need my dang shoes
Yes Sir I am
I don't think I ever saw him as a first rounder last year, but maybe a little higher than this year.
As of today I will no longer tweet anything wrt politics. I get far too emo over the state of the country. Most of my customers are Dems.
well then, thank you for support :)
When some1 says "Id explain but its complicated" Im not offended they think so little of me, Im offended they think so much of themselves.
Win it for Brad!
I want to be so i've never go to school with classmates.. =$
| Thanks for a great meeting this morning! The future is bright!
CRASH: I-5 NB Ramp to I-84 EB- Right lane is blocked off the top deck of the Marquam Bridge- traffic quickly backing up past Macadam
I had to fight off the urge to get one for dinner, too.
The devil wants you to say hell yes. But jesus wants you to say hell no!!!
How Do You Know About Vinny?
we just convinced one of our clients to go for a simple smoke test instead of a new $30K premium feature.
I get my feet did straight up
Spring is around the corner. Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser. Experience the difference.
funny! My friend LOVES comic sans.
I know, me too. We should plan a day together in Athens, make a yoga class part of it. And don't forget your dr appt.....;o
Tonight is a good night for a movie.
RT : Just like we abandoned Michael, we abandoned Whitney when she needed us most
cont.> - it's fun, full of great booths & an awesome way to network! Check us out in the WEST Pavilion!
If I recall, 3rd inf, 82nd Airborne...I was shopping for a home down your way when they changed his duty station! :(
Museum people from around the world are heading to #aam2012 in Minneapolis. Hope it doesn't snow!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I have upgraded? I have not been able to get in
New Strains: Big Foot, Big Hoss, Jaw Breaker Kush, Northern Blue, OG Kush, Skunk Berry, Super Silver Haze, Trixie
Call in your order and we'll have it ready for you when u get here. 916-779-0737
Exciting news coming!!! STAY TUNED!
ha ha. Went pad. Thanks, Scott--I had to do it twice, but it works now.
How's it feel knowing you make people feel like shit? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
not my goal - I've got plenty to focus on in the integration realm w/o adding all of that
I love you Andre! Miss your crazy ass
I hadn't thought of it but I will keep you posted
I think more so it used just out of context. Hating doesn't = opinion but judgement of something. But it's a stupid term away
is talking to us about copy that sells. Excited to see what she has to say!
#iBooksAuthor makes me jealous of teachers. That seems like a really cool thing to get to mess around with and get paid
Watching my all time favorite movie :)
#TebowGotTradedFor A PACK OF CONDOMS
back in town time for a Loft VinoQ deck jam how's next week?
I want track 1!!!!
Jacobs suppose to finish recording next week you know what that means. *Cough* #EP *cough*
what? What'd MW do to him?
Houston Dynamo kick off their season in a few minutes vs Chivas at 6 PM CT. With the new stadium opening in May this should be a great year!
I was breaking someone on court side :) I was working that's why
a bigger post on finery's new incarnation will be up on the website tomorrow! xox
Amen! RT : Love dreaming bigger than I have before. I want to get in over my head this year. Trusting God.
amen to that. These kids on my bus this morning didnt know what the hell they were talking about.
Never set yourself up for failure...
whoa i just clicked on the Chiodos hashtag and a whole bunch of people i follow were on there.....
hugs to you!!! lots of people love and support you, no matter the trials you face XOXO
: I will never falter in the face of fear or doubt.
Well Manchester you really brought it tonight. Look out London were coming for you. Live dvd shoot tomorrow night!!!
Winning the hearts and minds transformative in building post-Katrina coalitions says How do we sweep in MORE people?
rihanna and chris brown!!! though its over..
RT There's no place like home
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet. My mom reads my TL. Sorry :(
please follow my new account iam already following u.
Like the new LinkedIn "Company Follow" option.
that was close phew!
agreed... I've learned to live with it!
I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss. Yo I'm a gangsta.
love the chair, great job!
(cont) applied for you, if you like. our phone agents do not have access to web only offers, unfortunately.
crazy day.... just booked a flight to leave melbourne in 6 weeks... feels weird =\
#Movember RT Tim Thomas' mustache is threatening to replace Thanksgiving as the best November tradition.
Headin' to the north country later today to see some savvy Flagstaff Business New clients. Will be dodging I-10 and I-17 idiots.
RT : Follow for live updates from 1 p.m. Phylicia Barnes news conference.
hahaha love it! ;)
“: Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party... 45 47 !!!!”
Just received the award for Conner Prairie.. an incredible moment
sick life bro!
bringing back childhood memories of summers spent on #Corsica filled w charcuterie cheese & rosé wines straight from the barrel.
haha. looks like u got some competition for best impression. lil girl is GOIN IN!! crazy!
SHIT! You're amazing with your videos(: keep it up dude! You're cute btw(~;
what are you wearing tomorrow?
GG , now get to see Darren Elias put on a clinic at least.
YES. I'm terrible at standardizing on one airline, so that would be brilliant. I'd be a beta customer!
that awkward moment wen u call ur teacher mum!
There is battering going on with my give-aways
Make this week your best week yet!
“: Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That will show him who’s boss.” hahahah
“Sound of My Voice”: A tense sci-fi puzzler
Wouldnt it be HYSTERICAL if that rumor was true....Trevon Martin's heart wound up in Dick Chaney's chest.
So Steve, was just looking up your location on Google Maps. What's it like living in Vasteras? Do you have a house there?
Be ultra careful when trying to help people swim out of a situation. You might end up drowned.
#Giants sack!!
"rondo with the 3" is once again trending
As well you should! But I haven't forgotten. RT : Sometimes I feel like a survivor from a LOST era of Hip Hop warriors..
I can't believe the incomplete pass on the play after the fake field goal. You can't over throw in the situation.
Great to see you at dinner the other night man. Always appreciate the great work you do!
A year ago today iSam's Mom aired. It's been only 12 episodes (counting 1hr specials as 2 episodes; if not then only 9 episodes) since then.
I was looking forward to slurpees with the sister. Oh well
For those who havent heard we broke up! check out our new projects. Meier is in Regret Night, Dom is in Before Were done and david is a DJ!
Awesome. What are you sipping?
show was dizzying and i didn't get to see all of it closely. i'm definitely going back for a second look.
Total couch potato day, spent watching Veronica Mars ... thank you netflix streaming boobtube.
Just got Peep installed on my phone, am I able to tweet?
Happy Birthday to my girl <3
RT : We struggle to find answers when we search outside ourselves.
Sex Scenes with Parents = Forever Awkward
Letty loves Sleep
Dear Phone, PLEASE WORK AGAIN !!!! BC I NEED YOU ! tht and i wanna order pizza
#CiscoLive Local Edition in Jackson MS. Looking forward to new #datacenter info.
Fact: if you went to hs in oak park you are at most 3 degrees from every person current & past in oak park.
sorry and Nate said he want to kick your booty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2764>
Babbbbbyyyyy I want to
Thanks ladies! I figured as much. Trying to encourage school to develop district wide policy
On the main page, click the link for the Saturday Sports show, scroll down to the archive list, click. ;)
Watching DWTS, eating my salad...spicey thai so yummy!
I'm looking for a good way to listen to the radio online. I need some talk radio or something besides pandora... what do y'all use?
Follow back?:)
55% Off Margaritas at Casa De Lara in Madison. www.dealoria.com
Thanks for the reply, but being we were only 5 naked vampires, I thought we could get IMDB credits...Anything helps.
Thanks for the mention, David!
thanks so much Ted! Would love to meet you afterwards - stop by our office next to the bookcase
My Girl Literally NEVER Answers The Phone
we need to rectify immeds. Also, did you watch the drag race tonight? What did willam do to get kicked off?!
learning the language and working on art stuff
I thank God everyday that I'm an Atheist.
#QuoteDay 3. If i was your boyfriend i'll never let you go i can take you places you aint never been before.e
Thank you!
Carly&Caley this girls is JUST AMAZING,I <3 You!
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
These situations allow us to identify the phonies. Just like those who were 'surprised' MLB players did 'roids.
Ya gotta believe in somethin'.....
RT : Create your FREE Basic Membership to StartingUp Now Skillcenter to connect, share, and market your business ideas. Go...
Agreed! RT : #BigOmaha, after ur done partying, hit up for some delicious street food! 12th & Jackson until 2:30 am.
DarkoIvancevic Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
After waiting over an hour for our pick-up order, we got a refund and are going next door to yum!
will i be seeing you all in a couple weeks for #toyotawomen too? I hope so!
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
Having a great time with Gwen, Bob, & Erica! Shout out to Tracy!! Woo!
Choosing to lead in extraordinary times: Robin Muldor, Free Library of Philadelphia, Kensington Branch is doing amazing work!
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing (akin to that "whoa! I wrote that? I don't even remember doing it" feeling)?
Seeing a spike in Fukushima, Extension Level Event & No 4 reactor in my social feeds. Is this alarmism or do we have our heads in the sand?
time to rap! :]
watching cartoons with my daughter on a saturday morning...
Yes I have someone here in Jax like that but it is minimal=)
Ann, don't you know conferences are a chance to get away from your day job ;) And yes, #confab12 was great. cc
I have 2 big events Monday in NYC--one on reporting the war at Powerhouse Arena and one on peaceful aging at the Shambhala Ctr. DM for info
I can never listen to Adele without thinking about
Of the 39 U.S. Supreme Court 2011-2012 law clerks, 13 are Harvard Law graduates, the most of any law school this term.
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;)
I'm sure I would be surprised. Hasn't Ron Paul run for presidency several times now?...I think Obama has it again
c'ant wait to see federer today. My champ
The Critic Surveys are consistently making my week.
Moderation in all things...except Pizza!!!
Someday you'll regret losing me.
Think it's overrated.
Uncle larry was talkin so fuckin much today -_____-
aw dang
Just in time...last day of Dine Around...enjoy!
If he did me, I do it. Love makes you stupid. </3
Sitting in garage smoking & eating candy from some past holiday & I am frozen
Well, when you're like 7'5" it's hard to stay low:)
Festival of Trees at The Paramount starts Nov. 27 at 9:30 with Children's Magical Toy Story Christmas. Tickets $5 at the box ofc.
interested in an internship ?
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen & make strong. -Norman Vincent Peale
Drag night went off nicely! congrats and thank you to all my queens that came through! We're gonna do this every Thurs
i love aubree she is so cute
I love you too my angel!
Are you joining us for the ha! party tomorrow?
RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl.
you are so sweeettt
Ha nigga ain't never finna be popped off!
If someone in your group of friends is nicknamed "Old School" then you are a douche
my friend used to have one and theyre ugly and weird lol
In Temecula today working with another school. We're happy to work with any and all schools and counselors - contact us.
": let me guess...it's lunch time!!?? -___- hahaha" Yes:P & My Is About To Die 14%-___-
Interesting. But, according to MasterCard? I'm already skeptical.
It's true. I've suffered in silence too. RT Girls is actually really fucking good. Feel free to confiscate my black card.
thanks for the follow <3 I followed ya back!
El Barco on Ashland. Seafood + Mexican but tons of grilled vegetables available. Low key (but busy on Friday).
you two have something in common...!
Bored af! Nobody to talk to.
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
Haha maybe the CTA conductor follows you and will start the train as soon as they see your tweet...
has a very special guest #Shaquille O'Neil in the building!!! in Paris #Las Vegas
Make that trade every day if you're getting Vick!!!
Bruins "top 6" you are breaking my heart right now
I followed her please tell them :-)
it only took RR 171 games to figure out Corey Hart sucks... Great lineup for a solid chance at
#life...its nt the count of how many bitches & nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
certainly the simple things in life
don't be like and drink too many amstels before the show starts...
Information or data?
#FourWordsYouDontWantToHear "Barack Obama for President"
i love but i dont wanna hurt the other feelings
I don't need you. I just want you.
Eating Tacitos.Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
ehhh ... You know I just smelled his presence
RT Did Santiago send you? Are you one of Santiago's people?
My weekend starts today (YaY)
Yes I have done that but not recently.
Good Morning!!!
I missed my boo :(
we love you justin:)
you text me loser face :p
Look, a puddle.
not here. It's beautiful
At Seven, we go to church twice a week: Wednesdays at 7 & Saturdays at 6 Do whatever you have to do to get there!
Thanks for the third book! You're amazing. My daughter is thrilled with the series.
lol, there was plenty of room! My friend has a decent size basement for entertaining. I fell asleep on the couch around 3
I'm getting sleepy shower needed I'm sleep so good til he come kissing on me
lmao yeah i heard! I'm jealous aha
Sorry For No tweets. Been Busy.
thanks for sharing great news about #yoga!
have you read the new Palahniuk novel, by chance?
“: #LakersFans Must suck to be yall right now.” lol sucks to suck
btw, where ARE the questions coming from? cld u plz share w/ me?
Help Trend & Verify ; By Saying ; Verify PSanders !!
Yes. You just have to activate it. But why?
New Treatments For Arthritis - WTVQ
Good post! Enjoyed reading it! :)
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Momma! Love you, ! I appreciate you!
it's the latest gen and maxed out. The best laptop I've ever used.
Good afternoon - hope you're doing well today!
thanks for the listing!
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us! i hope we don't let you down — let me know what you think!
beautiful and sunny but busy day out workin at the nursery gr8t turnout, more awesome I actually got a sunburn, great pain better than rain!
Jonny Craig's voice is smooth.
Thanks, it's all yours!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 48
I LOVE U <3
wats up homie. Trying to make some connections ur area. Lets work
Dude, what happended?! You LOVE Justin Bieber! You took your your girlfriend to see the movie!
Happy Monday! We'll be in the #designdistrict today 2-6pm. Look for us around NE 39st and @ Ave...
Watching my Madz today, getting ready & then seeing miss
My hearts falling for you but my minds telling me don't do it you might get heart broken again.
Instead of 'famous', my japanese teacher says 'famurrs'. AWH
Share the pics of you rockin out to VP! We wanna see!
A few GNU tools, a handful of Ruby code, some imagination, and poof! a tool to map links on a web site.
it doesn't hurt. :) I had mine done last year but I took it out for reasons :p
I want to be international singer like my beloved but I want to go to America, she is my idol to follow :) :) :)
Thank you so much.. i retweeted..
MY bad, these 140 characters lol....and maybe the wine lol...
I hope we get a good turn out tomorrow @ TryOuts. We'll be having my b-day party there.
OMG IT'S HOT! :::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM::: AH!! COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
Good morning I was greeted by one of your Luv Embassadors at Midway blowing bubbles! She floated away b4 I could snap a pic.
Oh no! I'll have to see if I can fix that. It'll probably be too warm now for her to wear it. But maybe a teddy bear can...
I just came to say "HELLO" ^.^
RT : “: RT : after it premiered on 106&park will it go on straight after?”
: so excited that you're a #Seahawk!!!!!! Love you!
Being nosey only pushes me more away..
Back to Work
Serena Williams. she aight stop sweating her.
Full house (:
Can you tell what is going on or is it too difficult to say?
Today's workshop. "Ttweetout": Our biggest challenge is raising funds for the free resources we provide!
Sex Scandals Are Good For Business! Herman Cain Raised A Whole Lot Of Cash Yesterday via
Create a shared repository for sharing documentation of policies and processes
72 holes of golf in 2 days.... Makes for a sore day!
Dillard looks very erratic
“: Thanking God for giving me the opportunity to live one more day.” praise the Lord <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
HUG2010 generated ideas, new relationships, and renewed marketing vigor for HubSpot customers and those following from afar
Bored with the commercials already.
Be patient when completing each task. Completing goals takes time, but it's worth it when you get there! www.IamINC.biz
Ice Hotels are awesome. I think they're great bc they take a negative - long, cold winter and turn it into a positive/tourism
Thank You Kathryn for your kind words. Always Think BIG!
Cannot get out of bed so I guess i will just have to watch The Lion King for the night...
Go get one then! Haha
The more you say, the less people remember. -Francois Fenelon Nuff said. Have a great week end
Wow boot to the head. Cruz hope you're alright...
C'mon that would be so unlike Lovie Smith. RT : All the Hester talk from #Bears camp this offseason reeks of smoke and mirrors.
Gram comes home from the hospital today! Here's to hoping that she stays well thru the next chemo and surgery! (and 3 more chemos)
very likely RT : Great column. Take away? Restricted tag should inhibit but eliminate movement. Explanation: Collusion
the bird or the hockey fans?
I love and miss so much!:) please come back i need one last hug from you!:)
Home sweet home
Congratulations to Judy Ramey retiring this year! To this day, I refer to first principles I learned in her courses and LUTE.
Peyton is making new music. new videos and possible an ALBUM !? ahh i absolutely cannot wait<21
possibly Rick Dudley related?
soccer practice tomorrow at 9 in the morning. ._______. great.
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Close to the last boss!!
The cats love the little bridge that goes over the fish pond. Gives them a better view.
my laptop sucks and won't load the page. ):
Feeling thirsty? Wet yer whistle at Fire tonight with 2-for-1's til 7:00 and $1 off all taps....YOU win Mke!
#Mario Williams.. and the Bears? Say it aint so...
So proud of my sister
Sub51 tonight message ChiIL Productions for tables or comp bottles for ladies.
It doesn't have to feel like Friday to be FRIDAY!
xbox or ps3?
'Bouta drive a BIG ass car home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> #PrayingWeAllDontDie ...
I just wanna love u baby
What a beautiful mess this is. Well its like taking a guess when the only answer is yes
I eat there enough... can probably branch out a little :)
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
Got my new youtube channel! Check it out JilianEMcLendon
and befriend commas.
"Treat me like a queen and I'll treat you like a king. Treat me like a game an ill show you how it's played."
Don't let that guy get to you,WHEN your show gets picked up,you'll have the last laugh!
Michael Crichton~ Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
you here ? Happy padres game!
"and how do you feel?" ... Were all gonna get laid!!
Did a lot at the gym tonight. I feel refreshed;)
Celebrating accomplishments of local volunteers who have contributed to 20 years of "Volunteer Fairfax" -- at Service Awards breakfast.
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
oh ok ok ok i feel you....u cant just scare them like that at first...especially cuz u like the only black person lol
Austin has a dog and two cats. RT if you've ever seen them on Ustream!
how are you?(:
Working on some stuff related to Hale Boggs today, and getting a crash course around J. Edgar Hoover, Civil Rights Act, 1968 convention, etc
So can someone explain what the big deal is about a dude dunking in a women's basketball game?
that & I'm a year older, so more freedoms ! :) haha :p what time is where you are?
TEENS! TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (SUPER FOAM PARTY) LAST TEEN NIGHT OF THE SUMMER! OVER 1000 TEENS!!
#thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed -.- ahahah #oneday :D
I Anit Been Tweetin Like I Do.
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
How do you feel about NATO?
thanks Eileen! :)
Maybe she's finally going to concede? :plz <--that means "please?"
“: Guys think they can live the single life til There 40! It's going to get old. Trust me.” pimpin since been pimpin
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
Done looking at conference minutes for my research!
Haha omg me #marlene and though x)
I cant sleep....
Way to support you home country haha jk
I'm getting to pandora now . I left my wallet home and had to go back like a retard
But They Said Junior Year that's when we mostly gone be signing up for colleges .
should be Kellen Moore if he's still available.
-- watching #HopeFloats. Love this movie. One of my faves.
Child actress/model looking for open casting calls
Late night #Phillies game, #Flyers not til Wednesday! Guess I'll catch up on the DVR for a few hours. What first-Coms or Drams?
I left 2 balls up. If not having 2 balls drop means you can't handle your shit then never gonna get blazed.
RT It's a marvelous day to celebrate the riches of Gods grace...enjoy the moment...He paid for it with His life!
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
lol go to jamba juice or the dollar store and find yourself a hottie!
Improvised--- no matches or candles for my friend's son's Bday cake. Step up: Iphone zip lighter match on my iphone. Kids loved it!
There's a zombie outbreak in my neighborhood tonight. I've already killed like 5 of them.
I heart YOUR guts! :) but seriously, I was fuming this am. It's why I avoid watching the news.
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes. I always excel vs. others. So back off! :)
Thought you would've asked me out by now...
it is a beautiful house. Amazing
we love folk alliance memories!
u a good person tho for helping them out..
A daring escape...? New page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
frenchy. Francoeur. He is European correct?
If ur in the #Philadelphia area, and have a great #videogame #addiction story, let me know! Starting production on a show for u
Shouldn't it be called a "hairScut" not a "haircut"? Unless you really are just getting 1 hair cut...<U+E31F><U+E31F><U+E31F><U+E31E><U+E31E>
RT : Loved ref w/ a kid who said he didn't like reading...now walked out with 3 books. #libraries ftw! // We r all in sales.
To all our friends and family, have a Blessed and Happy Thanksgiving!!!`
Gians vs. Eagles, returns. This should be an epic Sunday.
AND I HATE LIBRARIES... There I am done... Calm now! I am so ready to throw down...Its been a long three years...
thanks. keep listening
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
RT : Vision without execution is delusion.- Thomas Edison
OMG, I didn't even know today was March the 18th/19th. lol. I thought it was like the 15th. LOLOL. I'm such an idiot. >.<
Hot cheese up front
cute Jake
Rush has a Facebook page called ”Rush Babes for America” I FEEL CHEATED! Where is your Facebook page ”Dana Hunks for America”?
Yes I do!
office descends into loud conversation after mass realization that we've all seen people come up from zynga, use our bathroom and not flush
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials TODAY ONLY* ALL UV and Mystic Instant Tans $10 each! Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 75% OFF! MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!
Watching a live demo of #sidevibe via #gotomeeting with #jkuglin Scott Fearnley, and Drew Murphy. Amazing!
#SignsYouLostAFight You get asked if your going to press charges
RT : Lucas oil stadium lookin good
Any chance there is discount for clubs to buy multiple copies for an event???
Hunger games for the second time, loved it even more ah
Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..
I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's profiles. Now it's so hard to creep on
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
Damn i got a headache from dancing like a psycho today>.<
Dear , I really really really want to get #Boyfriend right now and listen to it</3 STOP TEASING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!(:
I think you know but you should ask someone soon if you wait to long everyone will have a date
I'm sorry to hear that, best wishes to you all
I've never missed anyone so much in my whole life <3
No I love getting home at midnight from work and then have to be back at 9
"Tootsie bandit" pleads not guilty
The Cali Roll love is the Cali native in me! My first roll was a California Roll in Japantown when I was 5.
Telling is not selling. Real selling is persuasion. Asking questions that lead your client to his own conclusion under your influence is it
Cash is KING!
haha looks like a bunch of us were watching the #SMCSac account when you tweeted us about June 1.
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
Anytime Dave, I'd bet she'd like your style. While I'm at it, meet , whose moxie is totes "post-bin Laden".
Toure is an absolute idiot.Watched the interview.He's a smarmy self promoter using Trayvon to elevate his own profile. Stick to bee keeping.
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
Have to be up in 3 hours <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
all black children look alike to u, don't they?
aw miss you too!msg me ur address so i can send u my babyshower/bday invitation! my bday is this sat but the party isnt till nov.
no, you are!
XandO_MyKitty okay. Ill let you know what's good. Hopefully I start this job this week lol.
Dude, how hurt are you? We need u in there. Is Ozzie nuts or u really this much consistent time off? I say swap with Gaby.
it's why I'm at Walmart now!
First Hi. First Chat. First Date. First Kiss. First Fight. First Breakup. First Heartbreak
Bike. The antidote to my day.
I lived in Fl for a few years. The littlest Ladybug is a rabid Gator fan!
Check out my newest novel titled, "We, the Enslaved," published by PublishAmerica. Get a copy today for only $29.99. A must read!
LAZER FRENZY won 1st place for best new product at the 2009 International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions show in Las Vegas!
I can't believe I'm missing the season premiere! Damn you, AMC
Q10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Wow wtf. Alexis
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 (due to my laziness...) And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it. WTF?!
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
why can't I text you?? ):
Yes sir it was the last one for the year and mandatory. That's good that a lot of people showed up, who took pictures?
Charles & Kenny are the most annoying bastards.
Awesome talk w/ van driver re: Branson, MO.
Scope a better future. The participation of the conscious ensure that it happens.
Retail sucks sometimes.... Ok retail sucks all the time
He think he balllllinnn
what time?!?
#Comfortfood : Lunch Special: Homemade Meatloaf, Mashed Potatoes & Side Salad, comes w/ any Draft for $10
Aye Sh-Shawty What's Your Name? What's Your Number?
ok call me tonight ma"am
yes...back to normal :-)
After the premiere of iDate Sam & Freddie, an all new Victorious episode ("Helen Back Again") will air! It all starts Saturday @ 8PM EST.
EVERYONE!!!!!! GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!! THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
GREAT. Olbermann Where he shines! A smart voice! TY
On a serious note...shut the hell up
New York is heavy when it rains....yep...heavy.
oh certainly not...say my name and everythang....lol
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
Meeting adjourned!
so soothing!
he got a ring a ring though
all I ask is for is to see your name on my followers list. Make it happen? Please? Ha I love you Austin :)
M rain.
your getting old brotha
Do we need to keep referring to"gay rights"? Let's just call it what its - human rights.
these lyrics are pretty overt metaphors. i'm thinking change in marital status. anyone else?
Haven't ate all day
I guess because it was directed by a British director and filmed in London (?)
The Green Room.
but nothin, watching my Cubs
Please follow me u r an inspiration and an amazing singer! Now everyone go follow Alyssa NOW!
great! Enjoyed hearing your insights at the last
ZOMG TV equals mega #dramz! And I'm just watching a cooking show
If you're Melvin, do you kick the tires on Derek Lee or Bobby Abreu?
Missing the game smh
niggaz dont know about that crown fried....some real up north shit! -chicken man-
Oh it's not targeted: it's just part of the ongoing general cyberwar: China & the Arab world the continuing attackers.
We agree! Thanks for the mention!
Lol haha I'm lady gas-ga
Thanks for the link! And for the record, I totally love my senior citizen mother. Even though she's an Obama voter.
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
Thanks for the follows everyone!!!
I think social media is everyone's electronic biography, right? :)
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
But all guys I have met, are douche bags.
I think I am! The horror... lol
yea baby
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
but their sparkling vinegar is excellent
For our NY followers RT : The Shakespeare Forum's Hamlet auditions are 2/2 and 2/4. Please email
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
Gotta be up at 7am!! :( Time for sleep!
I am quoting the good Dr. Sealand "You are too strong to be defeated" my mantra today.
What is the best reality tv show of 2011??? comment
Exiled Books
Sleep is such a waste of time. Too bad it's biologically required. I could take over the world if I never had to sleep.
Its friday an it ant shit to do
": The call just came in from Stern."<-watch out, u may have 15k taken out of your pocket
thats the Cubs mantra!...& the pizza & beer is permanent..especially deep dish!
asks "what if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that is adaptive, integrative, and social?"
saw that - I smiled How nice to be at church ahead of time for services - and i figured Joe was washing dishes!
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
You told Victor!!!! LOL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I freaking love high school musical
Omg this is so hillbilly
I am very aware of the situation with the Coliseum and the Islanders. I try to answer as many of you as possible whenever possible
My vote goes to those who uphold the constitution & protects free speech. #SOPA and #PIPA are not constitutional.
ha ha...good pick up mate. Yeah they probably do!!! good win by the girl. Who wins Nadal V Djoko?
I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Great game Maryville! Great game!
IDK if you mean - AMIA - is full of hot air :) Good ideas too, but a lot of ranting. It's the most *interesting* listserv I've seen, anyway!
The link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future !!!
what you up to?
no more excuses now - time to get in shape!
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
I already know Fam!!!
Just wanted to add my thx to the #cwcon hosts for not only the great conference but also their support of the #collaborvention and
I LOVE it! Good for you! It can be addictive.
Thanks again for shopping with us this weekend!
College bathroom graffiti is just a whole other level of play. Highschoolers, get ready to step your game up. These are the big leagues.
oh that's right you live way out over there.
"We are where banners are born."
Both of my bosses are potentially out all week... Party time at PsychicCenter.
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email.
“This above all: to thine own self be true.” – William Shakespeare
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
definitely fits you good
I have never watched it!
Moved the computer into the living room and now it feels like a check in desk for a brothel.
www.chicagodjnetwork.com “Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music.
HEY i AM ON LIVE JASMIN AT 12 AM... SEARCH PERFORMER LAILAONLINE I'LL BE THERE
Oh okay! You had me worried for a second
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle
Let's win this in OT
#YergerTech's will do social media for your company @ discounted rate E-mail distribution included. Save $100! Offer ends #Christmas! Hurry!
you and rocked it. Nice work.
not so bad ;)
There was a whole lot of "ew" in last night's episode.
so were you stay at
remember less than two months ago when we were complaining about how it was too hot for running on 10.10.10? ahh. good times.
I'm the man, yeah I said it. Bxtch I'm the man don't you forget it.
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
Man this world is just about all the way screwed up til its scares me to watch the news. Im not lying
Just here Listening to Music & you ?(:
": We can go to the same meetings. I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies." W/ darth mask?
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
Mad Graffiti Week Iran
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
Great little evening with two sweet girls. Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Share with your followers... its your support that matters!!
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
you fancy, huh? ;)
Aloha right back to you! Have a great weekend. ;-)
HGMS basketball game :-)
:( Ok! Atlanta get together, soon!
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
A brand for me, what is my unique value proposition?
This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!! Bahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>. What school u went to?!?
Lol every kid cusses around there friends no kid cusses around there parents
: Pop is the sound of a song exploding.
Alas no--Library of Congress has microfilm copy of Shaw papers
corruption, human rights violations, compulsory military draft, compulsory orthdoxy, disgusting climate....nothing's changed.
Good morning.
hi! Lol yep I'm good like that
ur so welcome n thank u
LOOOOL THAT WAS SO WEIRD
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you? Did you challenge yourself?
“: I'm giving up for Lent.” does this mean you're wearing sweat pants in public?
Haha. Tomorrow you can be the judge on whether or not it's misplaced trust. :-)
Fug that shiiiiiit, I'm watching beach volleyball
THANKS MY DUDE !!
tsk tsk god its late but idc its complicated......u all wouldnt understand...........:'(
really? i think id become a nun
I LOVE YOU MORE! Deff need to hang out soon :)
RT : Wymondham High School students win national film award at the BFI in London: Footage from Death's Apprentice, pr......
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
Body Aching And Shit !
Yeah, I see it.
Mango, Strawberries, Kale, almond milk-yum. The #Maca root takes a bit of the yum away but it's good for me, right?
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me “: If something's funny but awkward : lawk”
Bout to be on the westbank...
Didn't know you were in Nashville. Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy. He a good guy that Billy.
Didnt think it was normal for street lights to be on during the day.
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
you didn't enjoy the tropics of Wohink? Bring the lady down to LA this summer and we will hit up Catalina
Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics. If your going to kick someone off at least show your face!
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
Not liking this fucking rain
with who?
Are you looking for mostly fashiony stuff or does kitcheny stuff count too? So many good kitchen Goodwill finds! And a shredder.
Good morning good tweeples
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04. had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
i don't think my doggy feels good :(
I'm real scared to wash my car. There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
RT: “: I used #birthcontrol while deployed with my husband so I *wouldn't* get pregnant & sent home. #iamnotaslut”
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you. Andy Rooney
Mac won't turn on properly ever. It wouldn't turn on at all today after OS X update. 8am Apple Store slot, I'm on my way… :(
Thanks! And likewise to you and ours.
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
Tonight seems like a great time to try another new menu item at Beta: Confit Rabbit and Wild Mushroom Bread Pudding. Bon Appetit!
i'll be there (:
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Big Daddy is my movie tho
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes. Every year it gets worse:-). -- Maggie Kane () I USED to feel that way too
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
My man's out of town & what do I want to do? Watch baseball (the rest of the year, I beg to change the channel!). Bring on the Boomstick!
Who is gonna win tonight? Rangers or Yanks
Appreciate it, man!
LOL — If only that were true!
Major upgrade of the Banshee Scream going on. Getting ready for DH in Vermont. Will post pictures on Facebook next week.
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
do you like sports? beer?
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
Yes! It has been months. MONTHS.
the term today is applicable to a very small per centage of fathers. Most want to help but are forced out by enforcement!BOOK!
It's all fun and games until Outlook reminds me about a meeting that you meant to cancel.
Thank you, !! Ready to get you some new fans. How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
Somehow that is awesome.
I stay rolling up trees..
What's your favorite song? Share with all of our shastician friends!
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
oh wow what was the stunt?
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
Romney calls President Obama "divisive." Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
Another example of "I didn't leave the Rep. Party, it left me." Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
email us at
Great Idea! MT #CT2011 Creativity&Collab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of #university research to empower connections?
nobody i want to talk to is texting me back.
Where is everybody!? D:
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
I feel balanced! My man pierced me again!
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
Most Americans use between 100-175 gallons of water a day. How many gallons of water a day do you think the average Haitian uses?
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
Good morning!
Woah alright. That part was disturbing, I won't lie. I was creeped out by that. My favorite in the 2nd one is when he puts..
Good stuff. Get inspired!
How about Miami? I have an extra 'fins' jersey just waiting for you...
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
I miss you to! Of course! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
#AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
RT : the date is wrong >> May 18th! #CHICAGO Sorry! Fixed!
Phil is an idiot. Just fire him.
Thanks, Kate! I'm always happy to take requests, too. The newer and/or weirder, the better.
im just got terrible news...my grandma is sick...i hope she'll be fine :(
Kurt Vonnegut~ Like so many Americans she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
installed and at the same time.
isn't that the truth!
So glad the lockout is over. Now to get all the #Colts merchandise in order
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7% in one half is a fluke.
Dont ask me a question like that and not reply when I answer.
Need to escape to a quiet place in Chinatown away from the #Caps madness? We're ready for you! Just blocks away from the metro, 5th & Mass
Faith begins where man's power ends...
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
Y do fat bitches wear clothes even skinny girls shouldn't wear?? Half cut shirts and shid??? >__<
Enjoying my day off at the beach relaxing.
Check out some of our Twit pics for our shirts. They were great!
We rock. RT : GREAT DAY! 30 pets sleeping in their new homes for the first time 2nite! 10 more packing bags to go home tomorrow!
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
Checked out NFL's Evolution page (promoted in Goodell's fan ltr). adidas cleats feat as 1st turf shoes; Nike shown in "new cleats" category.
thank you <3
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
He's always been cautious. Too cautious perhaps. He wants to win reelection and the waters are somewhat uncharted. Look at NC.
RT this if you love your mother
sorry to anybody affected by the phishing link i seem to have clicked on! it was a very convincing one.
Good morning twitter world
PAD tv see ew
thanks for having us last night. so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
it should count as one of their items though... hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin. Bon voyage and bon chance! cc/
We have six left. I think I just need to stop eating the cupcakes now.
#shrmva #hr. Happy to see all the Virginia chapters represented at our state leadership conference.
LOL. I'm sure it s true.
Be tremendous.
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us! And is coming up soon!
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
oh no!!! Where are you?
Thats good to hear... sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
Wally Boston now speaking in
Been studying for the past 3 hours. Thank goodness the girl called me at 9pm last night to tell me she could NOT work for me this morning!
app was called Everday.
Just checked out their menu ... looks awesome!!! I will def have to try!
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
Rondo is a Beast
Getting off work and it's light outside! I love it!
COME SEE ME PERFO<U+200B>RM AT T.I. FAREW<U+200B>ELL TOUR THIS SATUR<U+200B>DAY (2/28)!! [T.I. Farewell Lineup - T.I., Busta Rhymes, Keri Hilson, Charlie Hustle]
Happy Friday! Shoutout to
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 6
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity.
where's shake shack?
WEDS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 LABATT PITCHERS During THE PENS GAME! ROCK STAR KARAOKE POST GAME!
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
I Just Like To Drink And Have Fun. Blah
About to watch One Day.
#ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
#TwSIG Junco -Researchers measured student engagement and higher in the experimental twitter group and engagement increased. Active learnin
Me, too! I was seriously just thinking about those huge bows a few days ago. I miss them. I'll bet someone has them on etsy.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me?
With over 300 events planned for Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, it's now expected to bring ONE MILLION dollars to the local economy.
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
Yep. Total. But I'm kind of okay with it....LOL.
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
this movie is so fabulous
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
Yes,my man still can't get over the fact that Hilary lost.
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
…I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
why do my legs look so short?
Mississippi = GOP governance result: High poverty rate, horrible health care, horrible public education, low wages...
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
Beach day!
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
u should oovoo me
I also think the book-centric focus shows how every panelist has both a DH work & a trad. book linkage - crossover feel
RT : The greatest impurity is ignorance.Free yourself from it.Be pure. - Buddha
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:)
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
I say, Yay! too, Janet! Looking forward to hosting Bryan on his The Skeleton Box tour.
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
“: I learn enough by watching you play! Where do you jink my skills came from?” I'm making copies of this
happy weekend!
Love u too mommy !! <3
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens. I'll be here all night. Actually, I'm going to bed.
3 sets of 30 reps of 170lbs on a crunch machine.
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
Holy motherf'n crap--Final Destination 5 rocked my socks. Go! See! NOW!
You're lucky I haven't been to your site in a few months. I don't review sites I see on a regular basis.
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
Crowd looks pretty good tonight...perhaps fireworks night every home game??
Brewing the darkroast it smells so good...
you at the crib?
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
go to sleep
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
Huge crowd for our March Lunch N Learn - This month's topic is on Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
I feel guilty Urgh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect <3
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
but it takes a day to get there lol
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
I just want real love.
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
#uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN
Thank you
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
Threaten one of my teachers !
RT : Can't sleep
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
What I would give to be in Toronto or Gatineau right now!
yes Pirates start this friday .
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Can the angels not swing a bat ? Everyone just bunts
RT : A code-built house is the worst house allowed by law. Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal? yes!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
": hahahahahahahah is that ??" look at danni ratting ppl out
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
is Legendary <U+2665>
This was last weekends theme song lol #noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?! Deep down I know this song is NOT good
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
oh stop it. Your so cute.
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
And I don't blame the Pixar guy. No way someone that talented can mess that up w/o Disney meddling.
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
Al I've done this weekend is sleep. Somebody make me get up and be productive <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Oh my goodness! I'll definitely be praying for your dad sweetie! You take your peace by force and trust God w/all of it!
New runner alert. Thomas Wolf just joined the #DNation Milwaukee family! Welcome Tom!
Thanks WDIY 88.1 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore"! Aloha Pennsylvania
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director! Great idea!
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Sleepy time
GE stock is at 6.69... they should liquidate NBC to raise capital.
OMG ! Shut the front door! You just gave me new life. This Godess being on Twitter is just everything.
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
House Ed Chair Tom Massey says "in excess of two dozen witnesses signed up."
Looking forward to a long weekend
look at me now. hoe. look at me now. fresh than a muthafucker
they were in red! Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
I feel awkward when I listen to Justin Bieber, as I have little heart attacks as I look at Liam Paynes sexy face.
Memphis and Tennessee going to double OT.
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
*You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it*
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
How are you Anik?
Had my first rumor spread about me #inmiddleschool .
see? this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make $200/day. You best bet I'd be wearing ruby-encrusted boxers
Don't know which direction I'm headin'. I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
there is a #ListeningTour going on right now in TN
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Right on!
#callcenterguy is confused. Really confused. But I think it's resolved. DOH!
#Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative #entrepreneur. It hasn't "all been done, yet!"
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
Make it a healthy New Year! Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income! Would love to have you on my team!
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
is that a good thing?
Thank you for fucking me over
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
or subliminally fitting
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
who is ready for 2011? it is going to be a huge year!
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
I wish I was asleep still...
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
RT : can I slap u too? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
how do you find out? :O
you almost scared me there for a second
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
7pm Sunday Night the middle of nowhere Arkansas and West bound I-40 is backed up 15 miles for a 7 mile construction zone
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
IBM. It's kinda old.
I call them "Bo's (or Blount's) Hot Breakfast."
Solidarity with OWS in Union Square.
stop crying you baby
I love you MORE PAY !
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
Swear god damn people these days need a good ass whoopen
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
Where The Party At?
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride & its the end of day
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard drive. Finally!
What is wrong with people these days?! I mean come on! Grow up and stop acting like a baby! Be mature! It's not that hard!
hey i was at the presentation too!
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
I never get a good night sleep to much the mind o well
what about man bits? I can't incorporate? But... it deserves a tax break too... :(
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
is my favorite weather girl!
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Some guys know all the right things to say. <U+2665>
Tonight from 5-7:30 join us for a special Yoga workshop, focusing on partner yoga for labor and delivery.
I've been on a purple kick lately too. Must be in the air!
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue. He was the best.
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
defeatist = Michael levin
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
The interstate in this weather >>>
and I thought you were doing it in honor of brown dog day!
naughty boy Matt
Sucks to suck
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
What do you find most inspiring in your life?
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Thank you for the RT!
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
It's going to be a busy week!
Ugh. You can be such a condescending prick. Mister.
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touché
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
Be the father of my kids please
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
fat as fuck
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
i know this made me laugh so hard
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
fuckkkkkk being single.
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
what a tune
Shrek is to trippy right now
I'd like that.
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
Don't worry, be crabby.
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Your O-face makes me smile.
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>
Thanks for the mention! How was your experience?
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
can't wait to see the launched site!
10 more chocolates ;)
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Happy Easter! :0)
but your name is blondie?
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
I've had a crush on #oomf since like 10th grade. He's perfect
Instead of Arkham Terror, it's Arkham Monopoly. ACTIVIA!
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
a lot b-days this month
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
love u too<33
Good Morning Phera!!! ;-)
super cute :)
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
I hate the MBTA
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Celeb in the house! and !
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
having fun ladies?
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
ok it will never happen again
PayPal is such a racket.
this falling rain is cozy
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
I over think things way too much for my own good.
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity. -_-
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Picture jewels being handed 2 an innocent child... I never knew... I had 2 b 9 yrs. old when that came out RT
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
Who's all there!?
But you know I'm 23 going on 50!
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
I got u my brother
I just need too get out and talk...
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
are you in the "it's alive" session?
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Just saw this Jackie. How awful! Prayers for your family!
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
The Michigan Difference
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
“: Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
It was awesome! Lots of excellent ideas. Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, $20 cash, while seats last!
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
the football fight was awesome
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
is it we found love?? I love that song!
Gordon Setter
RT : At #Nasstrac in #Orlando , seems to be more activity in the #logistics space this year than any of recent memory
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
Can't wait for Summer! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
Serven is now shutting down --->
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
Being the best I can be...
... and thank you for the follow!
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
its not lol
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary? Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
you're awesome Kelly!
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
All Aboard!
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
I was trying not to.
Im actually ok!!! If it werent raining while Im waiting for the bus I would be great! well that & if I didnt have to work...
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
do you miss me yet?
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
The Fatboy® doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
Very catchy I love the synths!
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
let's get a drink girl
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply…"
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
Follow organization!
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
UGK hold up
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
FINALLY starting Downton Abbey. Better late than never...
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
Sound terrifying.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
thank you for the mention :)
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
Thank you! Love my flowers!
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
Contemplating dark chocolate.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
thanks a lot bro.
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
lol it kind of does
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
You have talked so often of going to the dogs – and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
full house in the reading room!
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
its my goal idk why
Go Raiders today <3
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real<U+2728>
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Ponds Cold Cream
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
that's what I thought haha
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
ill dm you that
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
Meant to be!!!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
make that two pieces.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
text me now tho(:
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
wa i miss you.
Hey guise(:
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
On fire!
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
I wish pop
My colleague Maria Gäde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
I LOVE LIFE<3
u kno it girl
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Aww that's so sweet :)
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
don't even think about that shawnie!
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Wrong “:Alex Trebeck? “: #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore”
FOLLOW HIM
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
“: Cookout anyone” Birch was there
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow °Rising 9th °Fort Wayne, IN °Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas °Power Forward 6’5
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
cap room?
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
I love these days (:
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It’s all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
half of that is veryy false
They performed at the today!
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
only the hardest!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
oh my god have fun!
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
...some really big hands ...lol
You can't please all mf's
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Thank you so much for the love!
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
I'll make you glad you came
Not every man really lives.
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
Now Following Baqk (:
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
miss you
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
“: In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not.” today is not yet confirmed is blue
Do you even need to ask? ;)
Finna get on my level before the night begins
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
hey ya.)
Thanks for that info.
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
how old are u
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
thanks for the shoutout
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
ITS NOT OKAY ?
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs—old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Seriously!? LUCKY!
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
lol, that would be hella funny.
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
You got it buddy
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
The part with the aliens was intense.
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
so am I haha
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
aha thanks guys.
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
like a boss
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
Kobe shot selection <<<
mama needs some 'me time.'
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
Today was quite lovely.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
where are you in the lib?
What does Social Media mean to you???
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
U R welcome and Happy NY
. inspires me.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
isn't that crazy!?
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this…...
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Yes sir
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Should I do the no shave november?
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
I gets get my dick licked lol
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
excuse me, miss?
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
u know it!
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
gonna be a fun mom
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
yeah me too
love that show.
It is too hot
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Happy #CincoDêDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
“Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora”: Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
My pleasure!
thank you!!!!
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
i love you so much
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
And what exactly are you reading?
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
Day two of ignoring him...
where have you been ;-)
when is it coming out
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
“: since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
can't wait...
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
Counting down the days!
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
thank you!!!
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy <U+E40E>
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
Me and Cody broke up
Let me ease your minnddd
all black? Like everythings black on them?
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
she's a back seat driver all right.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Where are you anyways?
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
what's the plan bro
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Bumping tew the motto :)
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Greatness never sleeps
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
is in scranton
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Mother nature playing with us lol
PLEASE! :D
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
hey stud
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
hey,ugly,call me)))
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
cooling i miss you
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
we need to go to a show together.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
happy Friday my friend.
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
“: #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice” we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
no problem!! hahahaha
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Lol too much work !
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda…
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
no school :) doing #nothing all day
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :•]
“I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new.”
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
hi there :D
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
i feel like im interupting something. lol
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
cap full of bleach
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Focus. Focus. Focus.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
#27 jason from both(:
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
You too sir!
: OH. LOL east coast?
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
You're welcome!
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Choking the chicken
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
“: 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested.” Amen, brother!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Check your email....Thanks!!
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Need to bring Woodson back
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. “: Agreed! Opie done good!”
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
that's great :)
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Can people even see my posts??
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
i don`t remember paying for things
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
WH meeting was about “moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class”
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
What happens now? Do we animorph?
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
came through clutch sir
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
LA is my fav place on the world!
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
Twitter spam <<<
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
Can't wait to try it
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
i seriously love you too (:
how is it going?
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Im going to email you some info
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
that's intense dude
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
So What Have You Been Up To ?
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
where u from
Like really
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now <U+2639>
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
look as this gay ass fool
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
thanks “ NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.”
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
i'm fine thanks you?
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
Watching longest yard!(:
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
who fell down the hill
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
like 2 days ago
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Wat yo silly ass up to
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
bring back David please!
Hey ! Killer
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Big east champs
Certainly not certain.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
ePUBs are the best!
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
I'm coming for you.
hey tweets
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
G'night :D
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
will try. Thx.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
come and get it from us.
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I found the spoon I lost last night....
I really need to get to bed.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
I'm going to bed!!!
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
The Village People lied to me
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
“: Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems” Amen
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
Bet the house!
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
you know me so well bruh :)
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. <U+E413><U+E406><U+E023>
Writing... Writing and Writing
“: Problems should drive us into action and not into depression” YES!
yeah she does
their extra storage is "magical".
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
I wish all yall were like she was
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Ain't nobody like you.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Colorforms are about to play
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
