Made me laugh out loud! Can u imagine anyone making Miss Beauregard move over?! -Julie
Went from having both outfits planned to nothing for my formals this weekend #fml another added stress
With a 70-66 win over Baltimore Elite, Houston Hoops go 5-0 in Nike #EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX
Just finished another cut for the EP...OMG vocals sounding good.....sounding like church in here!
We're struggling this afternoon! We all need a nap after all that bacon! RT : Have to work out 3x as hard tonight thanks to...
": watching a show about the Amish...#YOCKO" thug life. word.
congrats, OFFICIALLY!
Sorting through all my footage from #India. So amazing. Looking forward to the editing process. #coolest short doc film EVER.
obviously you don't need to be that great of a rapper. If you can have thick skin be made fun of and dance by yourself your in
I think they use statistics & make certain guesses about you. It's a shot in the dark that hit, rather than a fact they discovered.
This is called 'enlightenment.'
Looking forward to moving into our new rehearsal space in a couple weeks. Better neighbors + lower mold count = 3 new releases this fall...
Happy New Years to all my friends. Let us surround ourselves with lot's of white light and allow it to travel to all our friends and frien…
My name is definitely not Ted. It's David
i actually got some homework done today
listening to Democracy Now about the potential threat to NY drinking water due to natural gas drilling
"Catch my fade" "run me my fade" blahblahblah. All that shit sounds dumb as hell you look like a stupid bitch. Fighting is so retarded.
Just got ok for #FiftyShades discussion. at lib. Will call it "After Dark Book Club" :) Handout #1: What You Should Read Next...
Theo is changing the culture on the north side
even Romanian discos close. Or become the movie theater during off days. !
There's nothing I can do, A total eclipse of the heart.
SAT in the morning !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
thanks. my apologies. if it happens again ill just delete myself.
send me an email!
new mic comes in the mail on the 8th #STOKEDD :)
Heading to #Tampa #St.Pete any #crossfit box suggestions? Road warrior.
so siked TTYLXOX gotta go out
shopping yeah!love it
Being There - Wilco
Go upstairs and check on your parents! RT That was the most intimidating thunder ever. The entire CC Headquarters just shook.
Changed my icon. holla ~
Stephanie, I won a signed copy of The Best of Me from Mr. Sparks. He told me to contact you.
watching Lady Gaga, born this way video.
“: #Libras can be or seem elusive at times, but they #always make it back to the ones they #love.”
4 more days .
right and proper. :-)
At the Maryland Democratic State Central Committee Meeting gearing up for the 2012 election...4 more years for Obama!
#Imagine Austin putting whipped cream all over your pussy and then slurping it up<3
I can't wait! Special Edition has been preordered since March!
Is there some kind of slightly perverted Robin Hood computer game out there? Because that's what I feel like doing right now.
aw josh I knew I could count on you to make my day! =) lol.
I KNOW!
I found it moving (cheesy pun intended).
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyer’s market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
Rap, rock, house or jazz?
Congrats on makin the all stars! you deserve it and Happy Birthday!
I thought the first half of the movie was hilarious. The second half I just rolled my eyes the whole time!
Are you planning on any roots travel this year? If so, where to?
So TRUE!!! Relocated from NYC to live here
By walking to work. RT Finish the Tweet: I show my appreciation of the environment by ____________.
what can I say? It's the crack.
Ready for #SWE leadership dinner. Ready to celebrate our success followed by ice cream social at #WE11. Thanks to our leaders
#ATL Show us @ door that you're a friend on Facebook & Twitter to get $3 off cover! Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic 11/10 7-10
Quote of the day happened during a hot stone massage: "Oh! My toe stone popped!"
not so good so many people want to attend but having a tough time getting the main sponsor everything else is ready to go!!
freeresortbeach.info New Post - .... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center><h1>410 Go
my bad... I was already google-ing that 'ish
In times the family grows closer together. U will always live in my heart n I won't forget the time we spend talking together
the internet is vast and filled with wonders!
Hmm, my staff reports that Salon Owners always order hair w/ their name on the tag instead of ours! Well, even I can't have everything! LOL
Great song is right! Those two are gonna be great this summer
Hahahah can't take the Heat
Still dazzled how pathetic Virginia looks today, in a bigoted, hateful, homophobic sort of way. Virginia is for lovers—if they're straight
Chicago dogs for lunch - good eats!
": Put that project your working on in your resume now. Mentally finish it. Make it awesome. And do everything to get it there."
You're already tan!
After running two days ago, my legs still feel like jelly!! To work out or not to work out?!
Definitely an exciting weekend of performances at Source Theater on 14th St! Come experience an mix of Opera and Zarzuela at the In Series!
because your all in my business when truth is there is no reason for you to be, so just unfollow me and we will be good
Vegas here I come...for Lightfair.
Now needs to release a new album and kill it in #Minneapolis like they did in Feb. of 2011
it's favoritism bc more coverage and talked about by media in a higher regard...notre dame always considered as a top team??
where does the #latenightALTrain go? cause I dont know if I want a seat or not. #takeaseat...maybe not.
OK SOUNDS GREAT :)
Just saw your blog...really happy for you! I am trying to pick up the pieces after a BFN yesterday.
It's a classic #DoctorWho kind of day!
I hate it when my rugs get scratched and especially dented. *g*
O dear we've lost one. Sylvia where are you?
Did the Libya attack solve the Japan nuclear crisis?
“: Exercise: you don't have time not to. Unknown, Source #Fitfluential #makeitcount #livewellnow #LisaBalash”
your underestimating us. 3k at least!!!
Lunch today... asparagus with olive oil, lemon juice and goat cheese.
certainly some copy-cat attempts. The value is just not there. My question lies with the commercialization of FB. Migration?
So many good engineers to choose from! Gotta pick one, though...
just in case you didn't see them again,i sent a few direct messages to you...:-)
If we build grey water recycling systems and alternative energy projects
You're just kissing up to him so you end up on his "Do Not Eliminate" friends list.
At AMMO, we strive to go above & beyond, corresponding to Japanese publisher in their native tongue. AMMO Rack visuals need no translation.
Thank you for the mention. I had a great time with Hands Across the Sand in Cocoa Beach. Looking forward to the next time.
DJ schedule this weekend. Fri-Wokcano Santa Monica Sat-Avalon nightclub Hollywood Hit me up for Glist.
Don't worry, I won't ever think about it again. That was in the past.
Remember all those Idiots who said getting Tyson Chandler over Billups was a dumb move? Where are they now?
cheating is just another way of saying you weren't good enough .
Research-Don't give up on speech in kids w/ASD or assume delays are due to social pragmatic factors alone- motor/phonology delays co-exist.
Had a great night with three lovely gentlemen. New for me; I usually only see double.
Have you ever loved someone so much, you wanted to keep them hidden from the world & all to yourself? Well, apparently its called kidnapping
"you'll always have doubters!"
RT": Single isn't a status, its a word describing someone who is strong enough to live life on their own"
I hope that at the least, they learn something about themselves in reading and absorbing other people's thoughts!
Now im in detention with a girl that carrys around a blanket and half the time wears pajamas #why?
heart broken davila or what?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
5 of the top 6 for baseball attendance are in the SEC
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
bring that old thing back
Had an awesome repertoire meeting tonight... guess which new songs we picked to sing this year? (No hints, Caps!)
I gotta find out what she needs me to do, I will probably have time in between to go. I'll let you know! Charge your phone
Dear credit card "Security":those charges for the type of merchandise I've been buying for years , were legit.
I'm a very sad sad panda now...my laptop is toast. : **(
Five Guys is awesome.
I'm still waiting for Ishtar's sequel
lol wow I didn't even know he still exist
last night was perfect
Got a case of the Mondays? Use Coupon code "mystapler" to save $15 on a waterfi waterproofed mp3 player. Music in water makes it all better!
Ciara sounds like a dog name.
Spam is a huge hassle these days. I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system.
Thanks Eric! Glad you liked RDV. If you don't have a copy of my 2nd book, The Monuments Men, I'll send you one. Let me know!
Busy day today.Traveled to Livingston County and back. Facing criminal allegations in Missouri? Call Fee To Protect Your Back!
Just had an awesome meal at the Breakfast Klub…catfish, grits, texas toast, and sweet tea getting my day off to a good start!
“: Hope class of 2012 stays safe tonight. #havefun #muchlove”
it's only because i moved to Rhode Island. Otherwise i'd be mayor of SPE for life.
I always told RS my name was Ian Faith and gave my brother's address; I figured the catalogs would be like a Xmas present.
It's election day folks! Make sure you make time to cast your vote and let your voice be heard!!!
Strategy is about what we’re not going to do.
Safe travels, my friend!
Can't believe it took me so long to catch #sharktank-- awesome! crushed negotiations tonight.
RT : Tracy Sleep: courses need to be designed with activities that will feed into IDing at risk students
BEST DECISION EVER. This is the Rosie we love. Softer, relaxed, intimate. Keep it real aka the radio show. ROPERDY 2112.
Thank you Morgan! Don't worry, is just as sassy as me. Maybe even moreso?
Sounds like a good idea. If I run out of travel mugs, someone will find me passed out at a jobsite soon.
Tweet of the week. RT : Delmon Young smacked two RBIs. Happy to report that's short for Runs Batted In not Rabbis
as a patriots fan...I'm fine with it. Their receiving corps might be the best in the league.
I guess me and the cuzzo bout to go see #Thor, then, well #idk….
#greatestdayofmylife was when I was with you.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
just working lol. It's okay Megs. Well celebrate on Saturday
#confession I've grown up a lot in the past year..
Anyone tried Oh Fish yet? We hope you love it!
always interesting to search twitter for your hometown and see whats "going on"
I'm assuming there are pictures of all of this????
I was at sublime and it sucked. I wish I knew this before.
Boys use the word love to replace I really like you
Commish Jill Sherman commends effort to reach a broader group of ppl in developing the
i want some mcdonalds french fries
Four main reasons I will stop texting you: 1. You made me mad. 2. You got boring. 3. I fell asleep. 4. You said the letter "K."
congrats on ur anniversary! Hope u have a good time!! Do u miss #wizardsofwaverlyplace I know I do! RT Plez! And follow!!
:) RT if getting lost in pink diva dust is wrong, I don't want to be right. lol
u look cute
I've done the same, in the aftermath of my niece and nephew.
If you willingly choose to associate with someone that treats you badly, you deserve what you get
You know you had a good workout when you can't even push the clutch in on your own car.
thanks for following me (: how are you?
Great driving music!
haha it definitely does! UA is very generous! Lol
It's a DIY fashion alteration kind of night
he's pretty phenomenal!
Boy niggas get mad when you talk about soulja boy ..
hahaha i was like wtf is my life right now i was so creeped
Hell yeah! just holler at me whenever and i gotchu. they are 15 bucks now to.
I'm instantly following people now!
Ok so do all smartphone batteries suck now? I got the stratosphere and its not so hot...
I like how no one knows what happens
Wins by adele and a performance by sir paul?
Also do 's suggestion: Make sure it is airtight.
What comes around hose around :)
Going to Stonestown farmer's market
i only chase pussy if it owes me money
So, why do we all love the official LA Kings twitter feed? Is it because it's supposed to be professional, and it's not?
Beethoven who was a coffee lover, was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
In honor of the almighty Easter Peep.....did you know they have a shelf life of 2 years, cannot be dissolved in water and are fat free! ?
Guys. The green room at is LEGIT SWANK. Also Lily&James' sound check sounds hot.
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking. —Albert Einstein
"Winning is a habit, UNfortunately, so is losing" by Vince Lombardi, Daily let's develop winning strategies & actions! Go Get Em'
Are we good for tonight?
Oh, New York apartment listings: "Keep in mind that the staircase leads to a ceiling. This is NOT a Duplex!"
Tortorella doesn't want to do press conferences - Then don't. Simple . Don't treat people like they are an affront to you.”
Everybody Knows I Don't Get Along w. Her , I Like My Daddy !
It's like DC is learning just now that sports fans are idiots.
I should smack you with my drake hand...
Hey Ethan! I am SURE we have worked together before at Ocean Way or Record One. Thanks for following!
Dont return to a evac'd area unless you are told it is safe to do so - the structural integrity may not be sound or
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
RT : I was worried but after seeing 1-3 Toledo whipping Temple I am really concerned now.
There's nothing wrong with Papyrus; it's beautiful, painstakingly made. The problem is people USING Papyrus, that EVERYONE uses Papyrus.
Mat around the ring = Slippery when wet,
$2 Tuesdays!!! Come in and enjoy some great deals..
I do think that "the mistery" element is which make and art work transcend and become the art conversation.
Today would be a great day to go to the beach again... Hm
Love 24 hour diners!
i teared up when I said goodbye to mine.. I still miss brickbreaker
Trust me, you're not.
4 Barkitecture homes left. Don't let your doggie be homeless. get your designer doghouse today! www.austinbarkitecture.com
I retweeted it for you. See you there! ;)
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!37
"are you ok?" "no my eye is just taking a piss"
: It's weird when places advertise their "Clean Bathrooms." Congrats on meeting a standard we all expect.
bottom line,play hard,do your thing and u wont called out.thats the prob with this generation athlete,THEY SOFT!!!!!
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs. Major Credit Cards Accepted. Call 414-409-7263
Awkward when the girl starts screaming and crying in the sauna next to you...
Some people should never sing karaoke under any circumstance. Just saying.
You know you are in ottawa when you see a cavalier pulling a boat.
what kinds of Liquor
hit me up with email to get the info for the studio
good point!
you owe me dinner!!!!
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Happy Birthday Wavy.
C'mon #Packers! we need a GOOD one! Who's it gonna be?
Is sitting in front of me
no Flash is pretty good
UPDATE: Tennis Giant Prince Sports Files For Bankruptcy | thegame ...
True! RT : Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now. -Oprah
sick!! Just finished listening to the decline. Booyaa!
i need someone to talk to
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
How we win diz game against Miller Grove, so we can go 2 dat championship
Wish was coming this weekend. That's ok, I'm anticipating her for Jazz Fest and Essence<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I will take the win
These niggas need to go back to MadTv
That painful moment when the roof of your mouth gets stabbed by a Dorito.
Christmas eve..Watching Toy Story ..eating homemade cookies..<3
they've started playing jeff buckley again in cafes.. the holiday season has officially begun.
I see a trend here- Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
Married With Children from the late 80s is still comic genius. Holds up.
thanks for coming in to Music Choice this morning and giving me more songs to play! :)
Don't know how I did research before I found the Electronic Commerce & Law Report. any way we could get a subscription?
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The skin on your what is 200 more times more sensitive than your fingertips? What's your guess?
Feeling that new jbeebs song?
Making 53 million last year made Justin Bieber the richest teen in the world
Hm not sure I can reveal that just yet. I will share that I bought a gold lamé dress just now at 90% off...
Riding on Airplanes with & all weekend!
love a man with an accent!
Wow... Do you have a game plan? You've got this!
Open data much more important at State, City or local level and it's just not accessible the way it should be.
y'all are a mess!
CNN said a police officer said the Monument was tilting. Have not heard any confirmation on that statement
As a leader what is the main part to help business to become successful in this globalization? Is it a dificult part?
I fucking hate all day field trips
invites you to our May Wine Tasting @ 455 Capitol Mall courtyard in Sac 4:30-6:30 pm May 20th featuring Judd's Hill & Chateau Routon wines!
Uhm...so today was eventful...XD
I don't speak Spanish this is America!!
Good luck to staff participating in tomorrow's #Monument10K!
#SYVW #FF: couldn't have done it without you!
thanks so much :)
Drive safe.
Tiny minds, tiny tools. RT : what is your opionion of all the garbage the right wingers are throwing at women
I can't wait 2 watch the 24 season finale. Im so addicted! Family was given instructions to please resolve problems without me for 2 hours.
yeah of course! It was great meeting you too :-)
There will always be a beer for you!
As an institution (school) crumbles/dies, a new one gives BIRTH-a long, slow and painful process w NO guarantees.
CHRIS: Im gonna put an egg in my quesadilla. DAN: really? That sounds weird.
Surprise surprise I have a cold, dont worry, I got the remedy. Improv on a Saturday morning ;)
Tell us about your idea for an ecommerce app and we'll help you get started in
Oh my fucking god. If you are a property manager, you'd think you could keep appointments and not be as friendly as a prison bitch.
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are riding beside you listening with you...
Oh the Oscars happened? Sorry I was busy doing things I care about.
you aint said nothing to slick can of oil
RT : Politics is not for the thin skinned. Inouye's legacy does not leave him immune to political critique.
You know it's a bad neighborhood when the Google Streetview images are blurry and there's a mob chasing the car.
Loving this Orlando weather! Getaway much needed! Thank u God & G-Ma
On my way to DC
nobodys want to hire me I been out of work for 6 years the world is a cold cold place I NEED HELP
When you're text just happens to be exactly 160 characters :)
How many calories are in a small ant?...I accidentally had some for dinner!....Now I can't stop marching! lol..Telling myself it was pepper!
wouldn't it be great if admins asked students to assist a knowledgeable teacher in a SM presentation?
Heats first 3 of the series. Shows you how good they are.
that's crazy(:
RT RT : NBC News confirms Mary Kennedy was found dead at her Bedford home in Westchester, NY this afternoon.
Heading to for dinner and music
I love you but you're fucking useless!
RT IF YOU REP #YOMO #OnePoundFish #MbBallSoHard #Nerds #Misfits #Hippies #LEGGGOO follow me ill follow back ;D
"Money doesn't buy happiness but I'd rather cry in a mansion.""
What are some things you heart?
yes. I was worried I was missing something
That is called dead.
want him to rally but it looks bleak....
Oh FUCK YA!
Losing on the first level
its dope
Scott Cain: Great to have you on board, thanks for stopping in yesterday. We are here to help you build your organization, come by anytime
That is a lie.
Home Stretch for the #cleanweb hackers. Holla if you need help
I can't wait to have a kid. Mostly so I can try and take him/her away from the mom and put her on child support.
Tuesday I attended the College of Lockpicking. Today I helped a friend who locked the keys in her car with my new skills.
Reminder: Because the takes place tomorrow, we have rescheduled our first meeting for 11/8.
It sucks when 2 ppl r stubborn they'll wait 4 da Otha person 2 step up but if no one does they'll both end up never fixin the problem.
I think this every day :) RT : #dearyoungself, It turns out even better than you think.
I just got a replacement pair on DSW. Free shipping and a $10 off coupon. God is Good!
then when u hit that little world button on your keyboard they pop up
I think so. I almost went to your game in Cinci, but it rained that day...
Confused about what's going down with Arri. FBI raid? Something with taxes? Blah.
If your going through a heart break then listen to fight songs...or songs that pump you up like "G4L" rihanna "last Resort" papa roach :)
I figured that lol, its always dyin
. Hey tell khalil that I won't be in mmy office this morning.
Awesome seeing my work on the w/ Ford Sync live on the big screen at
Who is this freak called niki minaj? Omg do I have to watch this s**t.
thinking of you.My son just gave Amer. Idealist to his history teacher.(Bruce O is my bro-in-law.)
ripped a double to left.
Kinda glad I'm not jailbroken anymore, my iPhone is so much faster!
I'm really sick of not winning the lottery.
Kind of disappointed I missed the day-long flood in Houston, honestly.
Good Morning!
thumbs up! We still look like a 90s pbs show!
We just watched that yesterday -- it made us really hungry!
Congratulations to who recently graduated with a BFA from Columbia College. NOW go make some art!
SOME UK fans: We would destroy the Bobcats. Media: ALL UK fans are crazy.
People still ignore the plights of the poor, the homeless, the marginalised. It's easy for them to live in their illusion.
Just kidding my new true love isn't satanic. Satan is not real and so is his creator. Fucks with me
gypsy kings, roaring fire, glass of malbec & design magazines... Perfect way to enjoy the storm.
Make you lose yourself, & finders keepers
I'll be there when it's over baby, cause i was there from the start. <U+2665>
I love that I popped into this conversation... Randomly.
I wish they would bring someone in! I'd much rather listen to singers any day
Quote from a post later today: "Jealousy too often is the motivator that escalates a relationship instead of love or goodness-of-fit."
When I'm starving, I mentally say sexual things to my food
I'm done with the bitch shit
RT : Perkins closing the rest of its local restaurants. What's a Pancake Lover to do?
FYI I work at a Honda dealership in Cleveland we are up 45% from last year
caught myself rocking out to new kelly clarkson on way down shore few days ago, almost pulled over n smacked myself.
asdfghjhygfd omg. I told u i was smart. Hahaha
finals week.... enough said.
Oh hey! Missed you!
T-4hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
you better text me back, it's actually important!(;
my hypothesis is a strong "yes"
To gain the universe, have no plan at all. -Lao Tzu
Hope you enjoy the weekend. Thank you again for the follow!
If it is the full package and has been installed correctly that yes. If you have any other questions, please let us know!
Should be good! Wondering what's for lunch. Hope better than yest. RT : Crazy packed room, i'm very excited!
Already done with work for the week and home!!!
Coyote fans sound like they're madder than a one legged man in an ass kicking contest right now
Yup, and clearly no one who is under 21 drinks alcohol (rolls eyes). :-)
umm I think got the AP Econ one? Not sure
#Annapolis filming “Better Living through Chemistry.” Producer Felipe Marino: vacant Johnson's building 'hero location.'...
She can get me high when I'm feelin low
Liked the new styles:)
I need a girl that wants me for me and not for all my money and that girl is hard to find
"I like the song boyfriend but justin can't sing" ahahahahaahahaahahahahahahahaha bitch, kill yoself
Capital Skatepark tomorrow w/ Chasing Lions, The Changeless, and Maranatha! Check out our fb for the deets: Facebook.com/superradshows
Let's continue to set intentions to heal the historical trauma of the Native Peoples and, as a result, this country...
Iv really down played the definition of happiness.
heading to practice.
Thanksgiving special.Free medical marijuana evaluations this tues & wed call 303-900-8651.I highly recommend getting legal for the holidays!
Very chuffed that I managed to get an accepted offer today for my buyers despite the fact that we were bidding against FIVE others parties!
Payroll should be around 30% of revenue. If higher it isn't sustainable!
yes cover
Guilty... ahha but i'm gona get out of here soon. it's been a long time. neways see u soon! real soon!
Grilled octopus with fregola, cucumber, watercress, red chile, almonds, fried lemon, & minted yogurt!
Every girl deserves to be spoiled
cry about it . Haha
Whts up twitter
RT : Best part of the Mad Men era? Calling George Romney a "clown." | Loved that line!!
The best campaign that I've had the privilege to go on!
Great job Kansas Jay Hawks #NCAA ( ain't no haters ova here) ...
I feel like Adele is the lemonade to Amy Winehouse's lemons.
If I could go back in time I would save my $ and NOT have built with total waste of money
One was from a little old lady. I'll chock it up to her being blind.
Waking up thinking it's time for school, but realizing it's Saturday. Best feeling ever.
"Dude I wasn't that drunk." Dude, you stuck a battery up your butt and started shouting, "I'VE GOT THE POWA!"
aH omg hghjbvcfghnbvcghjbvhjbvcghgv
come ill play jaymu86
Im ready to buy a stripped pole for the crib next
RT : SharePoint can be used to host your remote meetings.
I guess I can't be an asshole hahahah
2day in : Council discusses charter revisions; ZAP adds restrictions to S Austin condos; Council considers decoupling
I hate where there's no coffee already made at the office and I have to make a whole pot for just a cup. That's a Friday fail.
Lets rent a movie
I also just met a rep from Rackspace here at #sxsw - she gave me a business card - they are hiring - amazing networking opportunity here
I love your black and white work. Thanks for sharing.
That's a great idea -- strawberries, nuts, spinach, is that cheese too?
Being so awesome and having so many friends sucks. You never know who to hang out with and who to disappoint.
Happy World IP Day! :-)
Haha if im thinking the same person that's funny.
I meant to write walnuts were a BIT soggy in the Waldorf salad.
Tomorrow will be interesting
Hey woman! I miss you!
Pretty sure that was Meireles' fault, so no surprise there
thanks haha hopefully I'll get better by tomorrow tho, got a lot of stuff to do
More like #DumbestMovieSeries. :P
Morning my Dolls. For some this is a day off for others its a work day. Regardless keep today positive and sexy.
guess who's staying up late just to help her sister with her homework? I am. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Take a picture of yourself
Knicks came to play today. Need this game.
Omg Omg Omg she dilated to a 10 now baby needs to come out....so excited
Thank you! :) I'm a rabid "MADE IN USA" supporter.
it was more like a fast walk!
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
Ugh I'm so tired after that, but god does it look good!!!
I so love the color and the style!
thanks for the mention Joseph.
MIDDAY THURSDAY: Teaching ethics to the Secret Service, 1 pm w/ Christopher Dreisbach
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. ~Christian Dior
Ya gots to go...
Lakeville dad accused of abandoning his son is granted joint custody with the boys mother. You can hear the story at 8AM on
WHAT RT : how is it possible for a previous journalism major (me) to just now realize that the font "veranda" is actually VERDANA
Yeah, Matt is awesome. Andrew is awesome. It should just be called awesomergy.
Was up
loved today's meeting, so excited to work together
Don't fall prey to marketing, find a sports service that really wins.
was amazing at #Coachella... now see for yourself. Win tix to their show May 13 all wkd!
he's with a label I'll call you later
Who's at the #millerparkopener for today?
I shall call him squishy and he should be mine, He will be my little squishy lol
Does anyone know a small business owner who could use being all over the search engines FAST
The world is such a strange and beautiful conglomeration of emotions fueled by human needs. Mix in!
It frightens you, doesn't it, that someone different from you might want to love another person & have amusing children? Sad.
i could surely be that girl for you jok
oops. But bloomington is just what 75 miles away? he coulda made it back right?
I want Bruce Buffer to introduce me at every important event.
Now I refer to an idea as a subjective and objective thought...
It's social media official: I get my back in just a couple weeks. Sorry for your loss, DC but her talents are needed in KC.
o.o que?
Giant cupcakes, pizza, 3oh!3 and ice cream later! Life isn't just good, it's awesome! :) 56 days till college and 769 till London :P
American Spirits Exchange will be at this years Nightclub and Bar Show starting Tuesday. Let us know if your also going!
Just updated my site with guest blogger Shakespere talking about the latest e-mail scam. kubrickspick.org.
so how much longer will it take to fix my laptop? At this point you've had it longer than I've owned it!
Thanks! I'm considering it. Not such a bad gig, really.
OMG!!! Those are absolutely #PERFECT! #LOVE! how sweet!
If I found the CSS3 tree treasure chest, do you really want to know how?
How do you really feel? RT : Coldplay *still* makes me want to stick my head in a toilet.
"blinds wide open so we can see you in the dark when your sleeping"
No we don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan, we're from OHIO. We're from OHIO, O-H! We're from OHIO, I-O!
shoutout to the chick looking for baby daddy number three who still doesn't know that sex won't make him love you.
It's free cookie day at Subway, who's taking me?
Stop for a Minute (or More) and Listen Two young music series aim to celebrate attentive listening and both might affect how audiophiles
Uhhmm.. if you wanna ask hiiiiimmm. I donnnnt. He kinda scares me..... and he is teaching at the moment. Hehehehee(:
Go Blue!!
RT : Great Place to Network, Great Music,Live Band, Models were Hot!!! Great Food. Well Organized
managedObjectContext driving me insane, must replan a major portion if my project to make it work, Good Lord!
Kim. Miss you on YES. Best of luck in all you do.
happy birthday
Thanks so much!
Meryl i love you, but no...
Hope to see everyone at likemind Chicago tomorrow at 8 am at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
To celebrate the launch of our new video baby monitor tell us about the best moments featuring your kids that you've caught on camera:
very cool pre-college program at Cornish (this summer). study visual & performing arts while living on campus: www.cornish.edu/summer/
why does every academic journal base need money to give me information? can't they freely give knowledge away for knowledge sake??
#bizforum Impressions are nice, but Engagement (likes, comments, shares) is the holy grail of social :)
Maybe. I think code is just the hot new engineering degree. Most people won't/don't need to code.
thanks for the follow and support Aaron very cool stuff coming out of Edinhacklab check out
It has been brought to my attention that the stick figure decals on the back windows of vehicles are NOT pedestrian "kill" scores.
Sounds good! I look forward to it :)
I'm fine and you? Where do you come from?
I was one of those ppl that made a comment about Amy & "the club". Sorry. I Hope we can still be twitter friends.
<U+2665><U+2665>I forgot the most interesting aspect of my day... I got served with jury duty! Oh... JOY... XD<U+2665><U+2665>
Yes BENT ROAD was BENT ROAD before I had pleasure of meeting & working w/ Jenny. Editor is Denise Roy. Go Figure.
fixing dinner
“Everybody is a genius. But, if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.”
I started a game with u
Midnight now and fireworks going off somewhere. At least I hope they're fireworks. Happy
Yes, I started baking brownies as a warm up before acting and the theater sold them at the concession stand. It grew from there.
you were the coolest kid there!! And maybe in the entire world!!??
Very accurate distinction. RT : “Never confuse motion with action.” – Ernest Hemingway
ninos open for the late night special
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wb Belt between Todd Dr & Fish Hatchery Rd. - 2 cars involved in the middle lane. Delays
Dolores Ibarruri~ It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
Merry Birthday. 8 family bays in January.
I lost my contact somewhere in my eye HELP!!!!!!!!!
Really need to get my license
Had a productive day. Now time to sleep! :)
awww i was really hoping too but i still only have 73 followers :(
Anybody still doubt that Braden Holtby has a bright future in the #NHL?
I need to get a manicure done
#MyHeartDropsWhen you ignore all the sacrifices I'm making for you
I call this my home #homesweethome :)
The Decemberist compliments of my buddy Fitz. "one more song!"
he won't tell me
Got a linkedin invite from a DB professional I really respect - made me feel like a million bucks.
Where is Kenyon????
News flash: tweeting links to paparazzi pictures to the celebrities who are in them? Bad idea. Not to mention creepy.
Need a custom #Facebook page for your business? We can help...
Alise on #AmericanIdol is my heroine. Doing Jimi's "Bold as Love". You go, girl!
Radiohead's coming to the west coast. I will break faces, people.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
Reimold can't hit the ball any better. Those line drives will get through eventually, or over the fence.
Michael always gotta an attitude.
Edgar Watson Howe~ When people hear good music it makes them homesick for something they never had and never will have.
f'n up some cookies, chocolate chip
Live life as if you die tomorrow. Dream as if you'll live forever.
Just touched down in San Diego for #BlogHer11! Now off to find second dinner/4th meal
Tip of the Day: If you brush but don't floss you're only cleaning part of your mouth. Flossing removes plaque between teeth.
Trying to decide what to giveaway first! :) What something that you lovlies would reallllyy want?!
Matt Kemp....what a beautiful, gorgeous man! He's yummy!
National Oatmeal Day... M Cookies.
via Help send 10great students2college through the Earl Woods
where is the sneak peek?
The grumpy old man referenced earlier is multiple braclet winner Brent Carter.
Sure is alot of complaining and flopping around from
You're stuck on a desert island with a case of Dundee. What beer is it and why?
and I'm typing up notes for you as we speak!
lol my tweets are just gonna go down hill tonight
. talking at #jdcdc. "Only 16% of the world even has a free press. ... We all beg, borrow and scratch for what we can get."
Peter - in your MMQB you said Colts/Pats WILL meet for 9th str8 year. U forget Colts need to win a playoff game 1st?
getting acclaimated to twitter is odd!!!!
Word to describe leadership: Focus, Integrity/own sense of self, Optimism/faith in people and ideas
I just did my whole math work sheet and understood the whole thing. Is this some kind of joke?
You can talk someone's ear off and accomplish nothing or be an example of what you believe and show them everything.
probably the first sunday i did somethin productive
Just sitting here on Skype and talking with Adriano and the gang. So much fun now.
omg yes lets do it!!! is doing the race with me too!!!!
Well... sorta. lol I still owed. BUT, this is the first year I filed w/o being a dependent. Last year that cost me $500 O.o
you rock!
Engagement as defined here requires institutional change if we're going to adopt engagement as a true, democratic frame.
Wine tour in session! Lompoc goodness
I need sleep.
you going to the Rockies game tonight?
That title, is one of the things I fought for
it's just so hard. if only shit never changed and people stayed the same. but that's nearly fucking impossible ain't it ?
also thought of Scream.
Vegas is like the mothership for sluts-
Not too bad buddy, its not like its a thursday or anything??
The 131 bus due at Grove and Gooch this am :14 never appeared and the apps showed no delay. Waited 30min for next bus
I'm good!
I love my city!! Proud to be a 3rd generation Chicagoan!!! Thanks for following...I #followback 100% within 24 hours!
"I can show you these spreadsheets..." "Sure! Yeah!"
Let's hope the U.S. makes correct decisions siding with the people overthrowing tyrants in No. Africa and Middle East. Can we get it right?
is at Sonic Designs Studio...I love me some music makin'.... :~D
Mondays are, lets start over But this time, i'm going to smile and mean it!
Talk that talk to me oh :P
mmhm that's how why I'm so crazy about u
Sue's treatment of trans people is seriously bothering me. #Glee, there better be a good moral to this mess.
looking real good right now, wow
Money probably. I remember leaving UFC not too long ago.
Out of the dentist, now going to target. ^_^
James Harden Swag
a bad game. Where were you 4th quarter Sunday? Hush right. Be that way now
i'm at Caribou, which always makes me think of you. The horrific remake of "how deep is your love" just adds to it.
Thank you for the retweet! , Keep fighting the good fight against the absolute fraud that is
#packernation #80'sbands Tebow singin "Let's Go Baby Let's Go baby Comon". Need an artist please
The view from from work is breathtaking today! This is the image I shall remember in the midst of winter grey days.
Every time I look up at the stars in the night sky I think man, there's some stars in the night sky. Then I finish burying the bodies.
I love the G+ redesign, but the same problem still persists: that place is a ghost town.
Bought my first piece of photography at an art show downtown KC. I'm officially excited I live here!
The West Wing is absolutely fantastic. How did I miss this show when it was on?
Wasted 240 on dinner. Should have paid a fucking scalper
4 days in and already lost my xmas kgs! Who says holidays are a physique killer! Now...where did i put that bbq? ;)
Cash prizes r $5,000 for each of 4 winning communities, $1,000 each for second placer in Clean Community Competition, call 311 to apply now
on what I should have for lunch. Sorry. Forgot that part.
Good times at Buckhead Arts Festival. On to play a private event now til 10.
doing my part to provide you with venues to tout your own blog as important and worthy
Words, we like 'em.
thanks for the follow back Portia!
Kirk Hinrich back in Chicago, wish he was in the other jersey
#teantaurus it's not obvious?? Lol
We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment. We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need
Hi Julia, don't worry about it! Send your email to and we will send you your password
The Note is nice but it serves a different audience and is not as powerful as this phone. RT : not big enough,
happy monday, friend!
I'm looking for a deaf-mute, blonde, Victoria Secret model who likes old guys! HUBBA HUBBA!
bye twitters
George Clooney was cuffed today, just sayin'
Would you think it's weird if I saw you just, like, around, and came over to say hi?..
I did not receive my ballot for The People's Choice Awards.
And I've said it before, cheesecake does count as pie! Take THAT pie purists!!!
I hope tomorrow is a lot better then today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
have u ever had one of those day when u wanna punch your friend in the face for bein so stupid?
MTV&#39;s MADE Comes to WSU
What's your favorite film that we've highlighted?
The good, the true, the tender -- these form the wealth of home. -- Sarah J. Hale
how about some candy apples? Is that better? ;)
Lol yes I own hoes.. Lol. Brianna's one of my top h
BOOM!! Game 7.
Nice job. I like your documentation. We're going down the same road with our CMS sites. Maybe you'd be up for a chat?
now if only your girls squad could get a W
i sent a pic to you bro!
Why? Arizona is awesome!!
#1 on the list? Shabazz Muhammad. Where's when you need him?
Thank you pretty!!
Many people responded to the "define DH" question with "I don't"
I can't wait 4 tomorrow's game! :) RT : Channels 4 our game: COX CABLE #54; HD on COX #1054; DIRECT TV #246; DISH TV
Rebates. Don't you just hate 'em? There is is nothing I want to buy that has a rebate attached to it. It's an exercise in frustration.
thank u i just saw your tweet
TRAFFIC - Rollover crash - OB East Wash @ Dickinson St - East Wash is closed from Baldwin to Dickinson while they clear the scene
Ha. Gross.
i hate when people over exaggerate things.... uh -__-
can we just get married? I'm ready to take us past YouTube
Got one of my 12-5's right
You're killin' me, Smalls. Just friggin' killin' me.
Just finished writing up story on a cool Portland project---providing books to the homeless. Non-profit---airing at 4pm KGW TV--
I like him.
Through #Arguelles brands - , , and I call them the 3S' check them out and follow.
likewise, when you get a chance txt me your license plate number...
so true
Today was a great day!
Coming back from Utah and can start my tweeting again :) sorry for being slow!
Hey, emma! you're beautiful. Dont let anyone tell you different<U+2665>
Ah first the Coyotes and now the Yankees!? this rapist must be pissed off at the wide world of sports
alright im back
you should check out my list called WOW.
haha you wish!
I need my own fuckin car
Did you know in #Italy it is considered an insult to the chef if you drink coffee after dinner? #True!
Lol out with my dudes doing the McDonald's chicken mcmugget challenge later!
Ok, so Cezanne & Beyond was just... beyond. Def the highlight of my Philly trip. Can't stop thinking about that show. Wow.
Yeah, and it's looking like the majority of that 37% are ignorant assholes...
As my little brother would say, "It's snowing light, but comin' down hard."
I love that no matter how poorly I draw, you always get the scifi/fantasy reference
thanks for coming through!
There are several alternate career paths I could take if needed. Gift wrapping isn't one of them. I haven't gotten any better at this task.
doubt it. Seems an odd way to honor someone by showing them moments b4 they die.
Happy Easter everyone:)
Dats Tru. So, on Ida stuff, u get Em Address so u can send what u were gonna send me 4 our Movie?
Love that facebook.com is redirecting to myspace right now... so convenient
Shidd my phone aint getting no love right now. Thats odd #holdup whats goin on
idk yet! Keeping my eyes & ears open!!
Doing a week's worth of homework so I have no homework during the play...
2 more hours and im done. Hopefully.
I did! So good! Needs more bacon next time.
enviting you to #PARTYRIOT here in #houston .. #may27th.... congratulations with the baby.. we'll link up one day.
In the middle of it all the craziness, took sometime tonight to start up a cover song, I don't do covers very often, we'll see....
Hello Mr. Ji Hoon! Hope everything is well with you and your family! I myself can't wait to visit Seoul, South Korea.
It was so exiting to watch #Xfactor final. I sang in front of judges. I got NO but the experience was unbelivable.
RT it is and fucking annoying. lol i feel sorry for the people who donated to kony2012.. damn~ must be embarrassing :(
Great advice! Have you tried out to clean your stone?
lol your welcome :)
not a damn thing ITS BORING!...lol..na, I go to school out here....what about u?
HA HA! greygram. The first thing I thought of was the grandma care bear. : haha!!
Please grow up.. Your just wanting to start drama so there will be something to do in your boring life..
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake - you can't learn anything from being perfect. - Adam Osborne
Got a job, got another job, got another job, quit one job, have two jobs.
got to start back at rock bottom but its ok ill make it back up there
To be loved to be loved (in prince of zamunda voice)
he walked in with a smile that brighten up the room, he looked at me and I looked back at him. 6'2, brown skin..hmm. #Checkmate. Lol.
The only way to create jobs is to give the rich tax breaks so they can employ people to construct car elevators.
Or better yet ride a bus so she's not distracted driving all the time. The calls are kinda funny though.
I'm leavin early today Idgaf
I'm in a confirmation retreat! And I have to be here for 4 more hours.. -___-
#RAIDERNATION y'all do me a great big favor. If you are as hardcore into the #Raiders give me a great big FUCK YEAH!
just took a shower in the produce section of Vons
alright tiff
Watching one of my all-time favorite disney movies, the lion king :)
I unusually figure it was me, but who knows? It's a tad confusing
Finally decided on an EP title! :)
Chat for Gtalk - Android
In todays contracting domestic labor market, there is a vast difference between skilled and unskilled labor.
Im going over, what time?
Damp caused Sheffield boy's illness, claim family - The Star
It just hit me, Ekki muck from Sigur Ros' Valtari builds just like Happiness from Jonsi's Riceboy Sleeps. Such an unreal musician.
: I gotta fly back to Chicago tomorrow -.- I hate the snow
super like. yes :)
dead ass lol .
MW3 is an amazing game. It could be a ton better if you guys could add some new guns in a DLC or something though!
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Good intentions flood The Help
If any of you received a spam email from me, my email was hacked. I have now updated it. I apologize.
Today, I am followed by a whole borough. And a county seat, no less! Welcome, , to my list of followers.
you're far too awesome. Thank you for so much consistent love
huh? My lucky number is 8. Haha!
i swear i saw screech from "saved by the bell" noddin his head to my #allstar track last night lol
Starbucks...Hell yeah!
i just got 3 stars on angry birds hogs and kisses!!! :D
No more blog posts. The last chapter was the end.
We'd like to welcome two new places to The Block Family - Sofi on 3rd Street and San Gennaro Cafe in Brentwood....Great to have you aboard!!
a Very close second! Do you watch 30 Rock?
-Hello Monday! :D
You're doing your Thang on House of Lies....mad love!
the director of is looking forward to An Ordinary Family - Mon., 10/24 at 9:30 pm at Regal Arbor.
#ilovemybrownskin my knitted objects r called karmel princess
Travel Deal: AirTran to Florida gets cheaper! Columbus, dayton, or akron rt to fort lauderdale, $158, to Orlando $198. Good thru july 5.
When you find your ex boyfriends twitter and he flirts with a million girls...TROLOLOLOL! Desperate much? #WasIDrunkThatWholeRelationship ??
CLASS program at Hamilton- academic & career instit collaboration - practical experience!
Who single??? Inbox me
#ConcertWishlist One Direction, Hunter Hayes, Glee, & Bieber.
Like I said...overrated
Well, come to the afterparty. Wear something fabulous. Do they make fabulous clothes for people who are 6'8"?
Floss daily! It not only helps improve your dental health but decreases your chances for developing diabetes
thanks we need all we can get,wanna make it great for them and what better way to do that than w/ the help of all lawlorffs rite?
lol no u ain't. I see them fatties running free.
I do not want to clean at all
So if I have no heart then what's there to love?
I used your guide on making clips from DVD's for my UMW Leadership class. Very useful and well written. Thank you!
I hate talking on the phone. Text me.
San Antonio: DENSE FOG ADV. Until 10am. This aft. will be warm, breezy. This W/E will be cool & m/sunny. Today: AM Fog, M/cloudy, high 80.
I was going to leak that the new ALA president was Sharon Needles, but the legit announcement beat me to it.
Ford Bronco Truck Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – 4 ×4 Adult Pink Hoody
just got 3 tees back from the factory. sorry im not posting them.
I wonder if I can get this Doomsday #Preppers RED camera after the world ends.
Cohen moving through his concluding argument with myriad of oil(y) refs in Hitchcock: The Manxman, Psycho, To Catch a Thief, The Birds
Detroit's airport creeps me out.
***RT2WIN CONTEST*** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 12th by !!
Question: What are you going to be this Halloween?
hahaha. It makes sense. You sure are a sensi (sensitive)!
Well that was a good time. Took vacation next weekend so I get a break from the Saturday night shitshow at the Wal.
#eatingfries #drinkingDrPepper at McDonalds... what a great start to the week! (:
founder always wondered, "are we that lame? Can we do better?" Yes! It's complicated - think: farmers mkt, web, potuck
Working on a Web site diagnostic this afternoon - I'm looking forward to helping our client take their program page to the next level!
e grass at uwf. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>good day.
I agree!!!
Injustice can be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions can't be eliminated.
Tomorrow we talk National Payroll Week and premiere the NPW video in our morning general session. I'll see you there!
girl get it! haha :)
The moment in an argument when you realize your wrong.
Some of y'all wish u could be real housewives...let God send him to u, once u go searching you'll never find ur TRUE mate...read ur Word
What? We got like three hours of sun and now it's back to clouds? I call bullshit.
I'm randomly craving a damn burger with a fried egg on top.
Well somehow I have managed to survive my 1st day at my new job while not being 100%. Tomorrow is a new day, thank you. Xx
After enjoying such a warm & sunny weekend, I'm doubly sad to see the rain & fog back on Monday morning.
#cloud could be called "The Realm" in 5 years! (or perhaps the "nebula" #startrek )
Cathy Bates playing dead Charlie Sheen on "Two & a who gives a Shit"... Chuck Lorre probably thinks he & that show are still funny
Who organizes the organizers?
This heat is killing me...
I doubt it
The heavy storms yesterday, not just here but also at ORD and other airports, have left lots of planes out of position.
Honor society induction tonight. I'm stoked about it.
So what's your solution to reduce health costs buddy? Is Baker for rationing care as the article you tweeted implies?
If Jake didn't become an actor, some of us might not be on here right now.
so he's not modest but is truthful? Btw, happy birthday!
allergies? or not
RT : #marchsadness RT : There are so many people at this game I could almost field a co-rec softball team. #pac12 (Gold!)
I really wanna see the devil inside
What is the perfect pairing for an AWESOME WEEKEND?
RT": Indeed.. ": They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.""
Was done looking for a relationship, then you show up in my life again.
Selena is beautiful just the way she is <U+2665>
RT : Are you working up a SWEAT tonight?
Sometimes..I just want to line people up..point my finger at each of them...and say, "Fuck you...and fuck you...oh, yes...and def fuck you."
Are you ready for Christmas? Are you staying relaxed and enjoying all this season has to offer?
giiiirrrrl I'll bake you some delicious pies and it'll be the best thanksgiving ever!
Louis Prima/Iggy Pop gym playlist. Enough said.
Home stretch!
Looking forward to unlocking my Meepos badge...
In new england, shooting interviews for the fanfic doc in the morning...so crashing early..after the supernatural finale...:-)
I really want to know what we did wrong With a love that felt so strong
what? She said that you couldn't hang out tho??
- Hey Cincinnati Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
That's what I call defense!!!!
We are dedicated in building the #capacity of organizations to succeed in the marketplace.
ms dawn gave the cutest speech ugh<U+2665> but im so not ready for technical rehearsal or dress rehearsal...
Holy crap I am looking forward to climbing tomorrow. Blue V1, you will be mine.
work is good!
Studying for this PHHE final..
What do you want me to do? Dress in drag and do the hula?
I eat, sleep, & breathe soccer. I couldn't have it any other way.
the sky
narwhals are sweet!!
Data Transfer in Progress
hah! There's Si many to choose from. Probably when someone called me Shaniqua or some shit.
Let's go Pats!!
Proud of you! Can't wait to see what you change at UC!
Concert mate Dan Puckett reminisces about getting puked on at a Queen concert in 1972.
The woman (you) who says "i bet ur gonna make me sign up for that hike" wants me to sign up for kickboxing at 7am? :)
Are you kidding me!???? That awkward moment! Thank u SO much metro -____-
hahaha imagine she actually wore tht stuff. Thtd be some funny shit
..chalk is always a safe bet at Quail Hollow. McIlroy will get it done. Mahan will be around too.
I hate who I have let be apart of my life. I should be mad at myself, but how are you supposed to know what that person was to become?
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Jesus: By the time they took Me before Pontius Pilate and placed the crown of thorns on My head I could barely stand up.
Did u know u have to hold the brake pedal down in order to start a Prius? I DIDNT! I had to call Toyota for help. Dumb.
MPR venturing into Bob Boilen territory here?
*rubbing my index finger across my bottom lip* Hmm...still up for debate.
Put something up on
Busy at #marac. Great tours, great views, great people, great DC caucus!
I hate trying to fit a story into 160 characters.
just threatened to get a llama, after our big dumb lab pissed me off. But I told her all the real money is in alpacas.
Hm ... New Twitter wants me to follow myself. Seems kinda circular.
Guess he's attracted to ugly bitches!!
GO CARDS
thanks, Matt :) It has been tough, esp since Im a lefty & it was my left that was injured. Everything is hard to do right handed
: Thanks bro. It was great to catch up and have fun in the process. Next time, let's hope for a #MilwaukeeMiracle!
What a BEAUTIFUL day to come sit by the water & enjoy a fresh croissant!!!
Feelin like everyday..my birthday...
that thing perplexes me
We'll always have new "technologies" for teaching and assessing learning. Up to us to figure out how they work with our students.
After tomorrow im going to catch up the In-Laws show. LOL.
#capricorn january birthdays parties all month!!!
CALLBACK today for Charter commercial. Thanks to Michael at Ross Lacy Casting for the direction!
Thanks for checking out my blog post!
Doing ok. I hope you are
Red tips in the summer! :D
I don't mind stealing bread, from the mouths of decadence. But I can feed off the powerless, when my cup's already overfilled.
lol i know u didnt let that happen!?
RT : Need content? Do skype interviews! says Paul at
#ManCity is dominating play vs #QPR but pressing. Rangers will be thrilled to play spoiler. Wait'll City sees #ManUtd's score.
I wonder when will follow, RT, or Favorite anything from me and
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
This summer, WOULD YOU RATHER....kayak down the Chicago River OR take a river architecture tour? Or both??
“I'm not an optimist. I'm hopeful.” Studs Terkel
The mind is everything my friend.
I wish you knew how I felt <\3
are you coming tomorrow?
#YouWereCuteUntil I realized how beautiful you really are..
Had an awesome #FlirtyGirl fitness class at tonight! Join me for the next class this Saturday, Dec 11 @ 10:30
the most hyprocritical of all religious ppl
mark you need to come play in the Kevin turner foundation tournament in nashville April 23!!
The sad thing is that Bryzgalov is very beatable. It's like he is swiss cheese, but Fleury is like moldy swiss cheese.
a new day begins and get to spend it all in the studio today!
Is it fair to criticize #Browns GM Heckert for failing to address RT in the offseason? Now that what everyone was afraid would happen did?
Women Building Habitat home today. Listen to 88.9 all week for stories and info.
RIP Alex Chilton
Why would I be on Delmar? That was random.
not feels like sex ctfu... its like it. you shouldn't have to think about it while doing it.
i HATE mornings. -__-
not I as far as I know anyway
I wonder if we could get Church Publishing to buy it? Baby Jesus and his lobster friends celebrate the first Christmas.
Yea it def had a few twists that caught me by surprise. Glad you liked it..
Kudos to Whitney Elliott and James Pollard, recipients of Moody/Slaughter scholarships given by W. Baton Rouge Parish Retired Teachers Assn.
Send in your flow people...let's see what out there!!
hahah bro they seriously have the best raps tho
Watching Carnaval just gives me the itch to go back to Brazil sometimes.
Levander: Potential of digital humanities-bridge ways of knowing/organizing knowledge, provide “tools,” generate collaborations
so slow and sensual...are you a singer?
Life is getting harder and harder still I remain humble happy and content
Join us for an MS in Accounting/MBA Facebook chat! Happening now! Simply join our group, Apply to speak with admissions.
Ive had the same songs on repeat all day, theyre just too good to not listen to.
Good luck and happy moving!
RT : coming back to Miami soon bro #MFLFOREVER Sound like a Diddy Album
I'm in a glass cage of emotion!
I didn't know that Tyler Perry was once homeless.
Watching the Vikings win against the Bears. Will play online poker after the game.
thanks! I'm not used to actually "tweeting"
It takes a strong heart to forgive, but it takes even stronger one to walk away and say I’ve had enough
Day 2 of carnival. I'm liking this
Thanks for a great presentation, , at last night's #atlblog. A great evening!
you have to make a quote twitter :)
I never know what to say when i am complimented. T-T
Tuesday May 22 #DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through #Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St #NWDC 202-939-5946
Reminder: meeting tomorrow, starting at 1pm.
Just had the nap of my
I used the approach early in my career but got away from it. Not sure why. Def a good fit for some
U can be so good to someone despite it all they will bite ya head off when they feel it's time! #Shoutout to the sorry asses
what hapoend?:o
For MEN, Relationship is equivalent to Prison
Got to try my tux today
Heading to our Life Group party! Gonna be great! Who are you doing life with?
USF Federal Credit Union awarded CUNA&#39;s Complete Campaign Diamond Award
I hate people who continually ask "Whats up?" or "Sup?" in text messages. Like come up with something new already
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” – Napolean Hill
It's beautiful out today!! <U+E04A>
A++ recomend to anyone. Cute patio too. No reso's, and by the time we finished our meal (7 pm) the place was jam packed w/a huge wait.
Will do. Really appreciate that bro!
Twins beating Brewers is like mid 90s Browns beating Bengals.
great way to start your day.
1 more period... I can do it..
why cnt I follow u on this account or my othr one?
that's cool. I'm cleaning.
I can't wait to watch the new episode of Southern Nights tonight ... And my favorite cast member !!
Foggy days = No sun in my eyes here in the new cube #mixedblessings #iswearingsunglassesintheofficekosher?
its "sneaking suspicion"
• Also had on a woman addicted 2drinking her own pee. No lie. She doesn't want 2stop because she "likes the taste of warm pee" WTF!
Stone IPA does it get any better
You may have to sue him. Only thing that gets these types attention.
We're playing in #Louisville tonight at #Headliners. Show starts at 8. We play 3rd. 5 bucks.
School is almost done...thank goodness!!
You didn't miss much...
Just ran into ovechkin haha awesome
Practice forgiveness. It will set you free.
come to Norway :)?
Hey there, are you looking for custom leg pads / blocker / catcher, or just stock colors?
how many are you taking?! ;o RT After AP exams are over, my life is gonna be so much easier!!!!
when i think about you, i think about seventeen.
I've had a boost of confidence lately!
congrats coach
Treasure of the Wumpus is going to be awesome! #innovation RT : looking forward to #CWRU at the festival this year!
Haha. Ya know
I just found that out a few months ah then I was reminded about it again today
Especially for all the users who use Internet Explorer 7 & 8. Doing software for K12 schools, this is > 50% of my users.
Whew! Account abandoned! Let's get it back going again (;
funny we tweet talk, am I too ugly for facetime or what?
It is not about how many breaths you take. It is about how many times something takes your breath away. Thankful for everything.
Police brutality is brutality, whether punching a teenager in the face Seattle or beating a black man 2 death n Detroit (M. Greene).
Tis the season to make ill-informed political statements supported by meaningless stats and heavily biased web articles.
Shit is abt to get real on this
Yayy! I am about to make an album too :)
include Google instructions in the cartoon.
Thomas Friedman: Average is officially over. Everyone needs an extra. Something to distinguish you and develop it, exploit it.
here's the deal. U go get food. And bring me sum..
Need to crack on with some revision, exam is tomorrow but I still have no motivation to do some
wish you were here too!! Thanks girl!! Love and miss you
huh? I feel fine! Haha
Menu ideas for WI river? Thinking fish might be in order, rustic classy.
Germans dont like German RT : I wish people knew German like me that would make conversations so much easier.
Just saw Warren sapp eat his bros fries at the heat game. Nasty. Gonna teach him oneburger fry etiquette...
I'd love to have a walkthrough coding a d3 graph. rickshaw is more my speed (and we use graphael now)
driving downtown with my daddy:). <3
The #Buffalo Brewfest is coming up on Friday! Dundee will be there w. dozens of other craft brewers. Are you going?
#pirates vs #vampires vs
<U+2605>8<U+2605> man u on my mind real talk...<U+30C4>
Pleased to announce that Neybor now offers FREE real estate syndication to HotPads!
“: gwitty.” but its gritty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The whole spectacle that is the new Miami Marlin's ballpark just gives me one more reason to hate Miami. How out of touch can you be?
Lots of people see it differently, and it's great gamesmanship for the fans to create a McDirty, McFilthy Thug Wade.
what time do the #EMAs start? Do u know???
Yes new icon of them so pretty :D
Start ur FINAL #TEDMED DAY Fresher, Clearer & Calmer by Watching ur own <U+2764>Heart's Rhythms using Technology WHILE Meditating <U+261E>7AM!!
Back to back win! #LAKERRRSSSSS <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
": touche, that's hilarious. i'm enough of a fan to admit when you got me good." lol. Good game.
Congrats #Terrencemalick on your #Oscar nominations, they are well deserved. #treeoflife is a masterpiece
Southwest #Archaeology Today posted. Any news from the SW Symposium?
I love the reaction I get when I turn down free Cubs tkts. "but it's wrigley" EXACTLY!!!
Jib Crane and Dolly Track are working great!!!
he wins, pounds his chest, uses executive action to push through everything, . Don't let Congress slow us down anymore..
TERRA'S WATER BROKE!!!! OH SHIT!!!! HAHAHHAHAHAHA FUUUUUUCK YEAH!!!!!
Leave me alone.
This powerful statement will change how I go about my pastoral counseling work.
Tuning vocals today...
Rainy days have nothing on me!! #rainboots make me
Congrats to Coach Smith and #gopherbasketball on their big win tonight!
why am I watching women's basketball?
thanks for retweeting! Really appreciate your support!
So tired of dealing with Mom and her childlike denial of the world around her.
he is trying to steal from you!!!!! Gurrrllll GET HER!
Radio Cab Foundation Partnership going on now!
Congrats to the #Dbacks for grabbing an #NLWest tie with the
I am here at Berklee, Just allowing Divine Love to do what it does best!
idiot. Hate ppl who crack their iphone screens. Reminds me Of joe gil.
TBI and the Healing Power of Art "Whack’ed … then everything was different” was me - eight years before it became the title of my e
BOUT TO START GETTIN ON MY GIG SHT N FUC W THESE SHOWS OUT HERE I HOPE YU READY TO HELP ME HOLD IT DOWN!! - SPLASHY!!!
the islanders
the greatest gift i can recieve is one that comes from your heart
No worries...The life of a hardcore athlete that's all ;-)...College Gym is going to use you; you'll see!
waiting on mom and sis, going to grab a bite, then I have to pick up from work.
In addition to coming on March 8, and Dan Barber will be part of the program too! See you there!
watching the bucket list i love that movie..
hey remember me?
absolutely!! At current production levels, nat gas reserves will be full by Nov. Perfect ex of S&D!!
American Apparel skinny jeans and raging early morning boners DO NOT MIX.
Isn't she? She's really got some amazing stuff on her site.
Providing rewarding work and recognition is the key to keeping employees happy.
Maybe we're all unfinished creations. Being 100% of who you are now may be the way 2 co-create your full self in prtnership w/ god
So, all the boys in sleeping bags in my living room are asleep. Coast is clear for me to get into bed myself. Finally! Mama is done.
“: Milwaukee Brewers, May 8th 2011. 14-20, 5th place, 5.5 games out of first. That turned out ok. Lots of baseball left.”
I miss you.
Brouwer needs to finish. That's what he was paid to come here and do. Crash the net and score.
#InCollege you enjoy awesome CFA deals every Monday night.
Yayyyyy today today today today today
i'm chata. and mira manuel it doesnt matter i need a new one kay? kay :D
might break out the sneakaaas tomorrow , uh oh
going to go check the po box I'll be back in a while.
Did anyone else get the emergency broadcast alert on the tv from Satan? Lol
How am I not hungry all day,eat practically nothing & now even though I'm still not hungry, I eat enough cookies for 5 ppl.
This week has been such a shitty week so far.
I wonder how many exams/papers people have left before they're officially done with college ...
LOL so they just like to look at them. :)
So, is the triangle the reactive shape? Cell phones r the culprit?
that worked, thanks
haha no not her!! Lol can you come out ?
that's wuddup send me a suvie
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. Les Brown
Some kid's dad just tried to pitch him for an interview with me despite the fact that I'm not here to interview anyone
It's in my closet. Doesn't fit any more; maybe I should have it let out.
“: who gets to scream "I'm so sick of these mother f-in snakes on this mother f-in bus!" ????” I'm taking bets.
RT : How do you identify where "digital strategy" ends, "strategy strategy" begins? Seems like an odd segregation to me.
Thank you for all the mentions and retweets! I'll catch up individually with them in a few days! I'm overbooked/overwhelmed. But thanks!
here come the pirates!
wow, is cs6 worth the upgrade overall?
I'm a little worn out on writers being so darn depressed about everything. Try working in publishing!
Seriously you asshole? I have an attitude?
Gotta love autocorrect! Belgium=Britpop. The country of Belgium will not be present at Bus Stop tonight.
i hope your having a great day:)
Wow, a little sensitive Turley? My #brothers know exactly what I mean.
having a cranky, angry kind of day already. grr. I blame the rain.
Why do we have to be quiet during a fire drill? Will the fire hear us?
Hi, thanks. It was a super weekend! How was yours?
Thanks a million!
Boy, you're gonna be president/But just like everyting else, those old crazy dreams/Just kinda came and went--JOHN MELLENCAMP
It was great to meet you!!! :)
MD Budget & Tax Policy Inst. dir. : state budget "not just numbers in a book," but a document that affects real people in real ways.
Thanks so much! I look forward to listening to the podcast. See you soon.
Dear nerds: My 65 char definition of #THATCamp is my own and not that of my co-organizers. (MH)
well I got my son jordan liveing whit me again but this time he is whit me untill he is 18 teen end of story ...I love my son...
Riding the motorcycle on rain slick street, with muddy water filled potholes, and on mud slippery dirt roads
Good morning everyone!
“: WINNING!!!” how was the bachelor finally last night?
It is a sad day in our house: RIP Jean Craighead George. MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN is my husband's most beloved book.
Yeah, that could mean something great, or nothing at all. I just really hope we did enough to put him in the final two!!
haha all of them follow you.!
Keep it up. U guys can do it. > burned out.
ha dad left out of town now my phone is stuck in the house. hah dang cant get it till he gets back
GOON. Especially because of NHL playoff time.
Had A Great Easter with the Fam... Man did I miss them. Back to Boston early tomorrow...6:15 am to be exact....-__-
Ellen DeGeneres in the JCP commercials is way funnier than Billy Crystal.
I miss the days of 10 New Years day bowl games with multiple TV's set up in the living room...
#ABQ is getting a I might pop, I'm so happy. I cannot wait for it to open.
Its so sad when u see girls who think they can only be happy if they are in a relationship. Those girls r always fooled by there bf
o: I just ate pizza xD
- thx for the support man. Really appreciated
See you this weekend? Signups at noon! :)
Cleveland area pollen count off-the-charts high! Don't irritate those itchy eyes. Rubbing your eyes will increase your chances of eye...
Looking for a fun place to hold an event? Why not escape to the Sand Trap in Seaside? Avail on 7.9 & 9.3 2011! Call 503.717.8502 for info
check out travel and tourism blog: www.beingtheredoingthat.com
Nicole Abazi is one tough girl
That's right ! Inter-generational woman-power!
So cute!!RT : What's better than awesome visitors? Awesome visitors who bring amazing chocolates! How cute are these?...
Living for Jesus a life that is true, Striving to please Him in all that I do;
suit thy self
RT : If you don't use it, it will fall off!
bitch im the shit.
Thanks for the RT!
Yo dawg I heard you like blurry photos :D
Where are you guys? In AZ? I'd definitely come out to see you again...but you gotta play "Wish You Were Here"...lol
free perry
lol.. that happens a lot, actually. Hope made it in good time!
haha, I was gonna say.. that is pretty awkward!
My kickboxing instructor is actually teaching me a lot about Life Design. Off to write about it and share what I'm learning...
I hate when ppl mention me to follow wtf is that!! -Abby
yes most works of art - or anything, really - can be improved by adding sharks
oh dear Lord
Just gotta get through 3.5 days and then I'm
Harbaugh: I also reached out to Tedy Bruschi, who rightfully defended those Patriot players and coaches on ESPN...(con't)
Irregardless is not really a word.
lets invite him hahahaha jk but we shall talk about this somewhere other than twitter lol
people who think that will never see their tweets, shouldn't give up :)
That's an infestation? :-)
Not gonna lie, I haven't laughed at anything so hard since Arrested Development went off the air. "Veep" is great!
it all depends on how long u want to wait! 4s is good...but earliest rumors on 5 have it coming in fall 2012
Herbert: ah who needs em, you like popsicles? Chris: well sure! Herbert: then you need to come on down to the cellar I've got a freezer full
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it
said to email them at if you want to do a workshop in Chicago. PLEASE <3
The Hyatt has invited DLF Forum participants to a happy hour at Bistro 300 on the 3rd floor. 50% off draft beet and wine.
hahahahahah omg those were the days!!! Pimp my ride was ur favorite!
Behave lol RT : So pathetic is always post #Lakers highlights even when #Spurs kick their ass just like
I adore Mark Rylance.
Just a reminder, we are closed today Sat Dec 31, 2011. See you in the New Year on Tuesday, January 3rd!
loves your crusade towards releasing the ego "tolle"
So angry today, which is very uncharacteristic for me.
Walmart: Let’s buy 30 cash registers and only keep two open.
no they should not get involved with the "bounty gate". Focus on the bare bones, cut taxes. Two word: limited government.
know this is tough, but are you up for a quick sound bite? Are you willing to talk to us for a sec before the game?
#ff thank you for the
If you're here for the event that late in the day, don't worry about it.
Puppy vending machines
Figuring out the specs for the North Beach Festival. I am honored to be this year's Production Manager!
agreed!! I can't stand that!
I got through Rawls by giggling about the "original position" like I was a 13 year old boy. :)
see you there!
did he really say that?
Just entered Maryland!!!! :D
Congrats on the 20th anniversary of #BSSM That album got me started playing bass at 12 & was a gateway drug to the world of funk
Just bought an 2011 27 oz Easton Salvo tonight and took one out of the park out of the wrapper. Love it!
So don't tell me it's good to be running every day. In Bed Stuy - we running - but it's different.
On your grave I will die.
Taking a poll on which #bmorehistoric attendees are from non-profit institutions and public institutions.
Why am I work?! But more importantly why have a already witnessed a flood and a fire alarm this morning
i remember those crazy times we had together,& amazing hugs you gave to & then all of a sudden you break my heart into a million pieces
Some people really need to know what RESPECT is!!
yes I'm going with everyone! Text me when you get there 3058789319 dale!
I definitely didn't expect this...
HT : "Sweet! I observed and changed his outcome!"
Back in ye olden days when libraries still had card catalogues...wish I had been born a bit earlier so I could experience that more fully.
Hi Debbie. You're coming to SXSW? We're an Austin-based web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
So excited to show my new phone and my new hair and my newly re done room :)
There are only 3 more days left! Sign up before August 1 and get your $5.00! Don't miss out!
IAMTHATIAM, has been a compodre' of mine for quite some time now.. ups and downs..good & bad times, I salute you, chum..now, where's the
Drama, drama, & more drama. Some 'bestfriend' I have.
I that a good thing or a bad thing? :)
NEXT FRIDAY - The Masquerade w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc. Hit us up if you need tix! $15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
#yomama so dumb she bought a donut from the 7 11 an returned cause it had a hole in it
I was going to go outside and workout but when I went to move I remembered how sore I am -___-
Obama Plan: Government Centered society with no budget, that redistributes money, & spends 40% more than it has. Rome fell from same plan.
raise your glasses
Lol! Understood. As long as you're happy that's what matters.
Just finished this eight page study guide...now it's time to read it...take the exam...and be done with this semester once and for all. Lol
Chester Bennington's screams are much better live than in the actual songs haha dope
Mothers day is everyday
The biggest test for Memphis: Playing good basketball in the 4th
-- thanks - really enjoyed the gallery....DJ
Good morning tweeps! It's a beautiful day outside : ) I have another clue as to what we will be giving away this Thursday...
I didn't know you did?! You never told me till afrer<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
stop story telling kadeem!
My sister seriously has an amazing voice I want to cry when she sings its just that beautiful.
Football Sunday OH YEAH
Brought rain with me to whartscape...
Studio getting it in after work y not
Awesome! Will check them out.
Be sure to watch Leave It On The Floor tonight@ 8 on LOGO it's my movie and a great movie as well check it out Peace to you.
Man like for u to shit and piss on nowaday...that what my nana said
Feel like it's time for handmade puffy paint shirts to make a come back.
"Actors are one family over the entire world." - Eleanor Roosevelt
not sure that Obama had a chance with the social conservatives before yesterdays events.
Not the warmest day out there, so stop in to see #riverside views from the fourth floor of RiverCrest Townhomes! 2135 N Riverboat Rd
You are most certainly welcome!!! And thank you for the same!!
I've got no fingernails left RT : This is excruciating RT : I'm shaking. You are scaring the crap out of me,
If you blocked him you shouldn't be able to see his comments.
#THINGSWEALLHATE wen u meet da sexy guy n he's gay smh...
200.3M in domestic box-office thus far (weekend isn't finished) and 641.8M worldwide in 12 days... Yup, THE AVENGERS are doing it right.
Spotted: a sweaty Steven Cohen commenting on the water temperature at Exhale. SE Real estate moguls love core fusion??
Waking up to a bball court with 9 guys playing...lets do this
U not a batman fan
Hi, What in particular are you referring to?
you need to stop tweeting you are an addict.
Unveiling our new collection of earrings at the #Bizchicks event tomorrow 11/1 5-9 pm on the 31st floor of the Regional Enterprise Tower!
MT : #LibMade MakerBot supplies = cheap. The plastic itself is cheap. Keeping things running smoothly in 3D design = more difficult
Romney is this close to selling me. That speech was a good start.
Wow, it is BEAUTIFUL outside.
Am I the only one who really enjoys driving around mindlessly at night? So peaceful.
At the BizBash Expo in Chicago!
At the Blue Sky for dinner then watch the Nuggs get win no 2.
working on some new music an moves for tha summer
did you find Squishy the Octopus?
Awesome man, I'll check it out
Going to Whole Foods tonight. Wish my wallet luck!
yep finally broke down!
lol i just went on google to check the meaning of complex hahaha :P
Just released a lot of built up energy at the gym, sore as hell now.
(Rob from backseat) "On green you Go! On red you Stop!" Me:"What about yellow?" Rob: "You yell and say HOLD ON!"
RT : The way my hair is growing... Loving my
we may need some "war" themed bows. Is that available? I know, I know its strange Glitter Girls Pageants
who is?
45 I'm giving it away for free to whoever gives me back all the shit stolen from my house
yup, eggs are done, not Nintendo eggs tho.
I'm already following you!
Until February 5th, we are still the reigning Superbowl Champions.
don't forget the band thing
I'm not gonna dream my life I'm gonna live my dream
Been getting the Led out in chronological order today.
Thank you!
Even more to be saved by ceasing to build unnecessary and divisive weapons systems.
Did get hacked. Cuz his bio and location is pretty gay
Business is BOOMING! Is yours?! Hit us up to make an appointment for a FREE Marketing Consult with one of our very own! Call me @ 720-542-6…
I needed a laugh before my surgery. Thanks!
librarians took over the olde hickory tap room tonight at #ncla11 met cool librarians like
Mark Twain: A Lie can make it halfway roun the world while the truth is still puttin on its shoes. #AirAmerica Shoed Up yrs latr
Watching learning the "hazzards" of spelling :)
IDK yet. I do like the piano a lot. Hopefully it listens better for me on the 2nd go round
That sounds amazing. We just left & already can't wait to go back!
and said testicle can bowl a 270.
Happy b day
mix tape look like its gonna be hard
aw damn 3? I feel your pain, I had 2 today that drained me. Good luck marky mark, i know you got it!
Haha! It's 1. Take off glasses 2. Remove hair from eyes or get it layered 3. Shopping spree at J. Crew
RT : African proverb, worth remembering: "If U wnt 2 go fast, go alone. If U wnt 2 go far, go w/ others."
The model for the 21st century library is the Apple Store.
#fridayreads "The Brave" by Nicholas Evans. This is the third novel of his I've read and I've enjoyed them all.
Here's a buzzkill: Run a help wanted ad on Craigslist. My gosh, I am not optimistic for future society.
no omg he's too perfect. Btw. I'm getting rd of all my posters and covering my wall in mattg :3
shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling
Gotta go to football first day of hitting I'm still sleepy god damn.
I just finished a 6.26 mi run with a time of 1:11:45 with Nike+ GPS.
Johnny Curtis Blow
Bouta go to the Chinese buffet , with my sis: ) . Yea .
Boudha start this MMA shittttttt wit some navy seal trainers. Fight me now bitch?
I'm in line right now. Thought I was smart by coming in the middle of the day
Heading to Monett Missouri to speak to a group about church planting! Go Epic!!!
I wonder how many stunt livers were needed for Prometheus.
Breaking bad is an awesome show
Watching this Nashville-Phoenix game. I don't like Nashville but I wouldn't mind them winning this round...;)
That's terrific! Glad you had a great time.
I <U+2764> showing my fam new music... They're my biggest supporters! :)
stop tyrn to hurt ppl children !
Getting ready for a great week with friends. Love this time of year. HEHEEEE
RT ": Am I the only one who feels like an iPad folio case with keyboard built in is overkill?" - Depends on your use case.
3 more days and I'm off to Vegas, can't wait to play poker at Aria. Debating on where to take my daughter to dinner Craft or Strip House
that's fine
Something I learned today: It will cost #SKC $12,000 to host the 3rd round USOC game, including 15% of ticket sales after the $100,000 mark
getting drunk what u on
being out would be a deathknell to their title hopes. Even if healthy, I thought OKC or SA would beat them.
up in Willowbrook area?
sorry, and will do. :)
I NEED SOME SOCKS!!
i just realized how random my tweets sound..
Just Grindn! I Lost yo Contact DM me i got a BIG video shoot needa talk to yu bout it!
The week is finally over! I need a break!
Thanks very much. Neal did an excellent job.
Just did a fashion show at the westin with YALSA :)
ah happy late birthday!
omg gurlllll the same cuz I ate to much popcorn on staurday.
Thought Flickr to Twitter posting wasn't working. But just came through. Double post.
yeah I agree AI was a really good player but not now
if something is $5.08 after tax, and you give the cashier $5.25, leave the change in the penny tray you cheap bastards!!!
My dumbass Spanish teacher is giving us a test today. Wtf.
Working with the #epic today. Nice little camera. Chews through media like crazy.
tell them they are missing all the good stuff from the presenter(s)! :)
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
awww. Im sorry :(
We see what we want.
Twitter done messed up now! You should NEVER!, let me back on the direct air! It's going be a dun-dada!
Ed holmberg and Dylan Gouert are in the house! #nick'n'eddie
Arturo is the type of guy that says every girl is his girlfriend or wife, according to him I'm his wife lol
This is just going to be a Romney/Perry battle all night long.
I see no mouse… do you use your mind?
me to
Kobe is killing....
Senate will come in tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. House to follow at 11 a.m. Final Senate vote on tax bill, pension shift expected.
Watching #ItalianJob makes me want to buy a mini cooper. Now that's excellent product placement.
RT : RT : oh - great quote: "information flows at the speed of trust"
Laughing is the best medicine. But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
I have a stalker. He drives by my house daily. He constantly sees me around town & texts me.
Love new Optimum ad am seeing in NYC where old lady character is tech savvy. So nice to see senior shown as non-doddery & competent.
I expect to get Pasadagavra back from the editor on Monday! I'm so excited!
hey Harry how have you been lately? <3 have a nice day!
They're talking about , #ClimateChange and #space exploration on on Tune in!!!
is your phone dead?
unbelievable show and setlist he truly loves playing in Cleveland
sweetness, and one direction? we'll check em out! and not to much, trying to manage all this twitter/tumblr/facebook stuff
I have the only one available but the girl part is a little funny.
"Every brand wants to be in a social space, but are we doing social correctly?" Must focus on context, relevancy, "little things"
(trying not to gloat...)
I met this little girly, her hair was kinda curly...RT : It's tricky! It's tricky tricky tricky! RT : This speech is my reci
good ot hear hehe
Students are savvy, they want to touch things in museum, comfortable with tech - they have to dumb down to come to museum.
Is spinning alongside Adam Foster at the W Hotel pool party in Fort Lauderdale.
I hate it when people speak jasmine villegas what is a bitch she is human
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly Its All About That Cash! Nbs
is it poisonous?
Not a huge fan, but I would think Mark Martin as well??
inculding me :D
Love you, babe!! Mama
Yes, I have seen Big Love or, as my friend Elmer Fudd calls it, Big Wuv... Hee Hee Hee
I think they are Brazilian
oh you gon learn today!
just leave montana & alone...its none of your damn business what they do or who they date.
Come on May 2nd at 7pm to the Madison Senior Center to hear from , Madison Fire, students and city officials about Mifflin
I hate Reply All.
Finally doing laundry, it's been about a month since last time I did it, so much dirty clothes
Listening to ice box by omarion remember that dance we made up to this song?
Anothha bitch.! Soo I'm not gone just stay in a relationship knwing tht..id be fcckn stupid to stayy riqqht...?
lol well u coo wit me den shawty your officially followed back ; )
What ever you want......you already are.
Thanks Jeff! Sorry I missed you! RT : , fine, fine work yesterday! Best #BizExpo ever. Onward and upward!
Unfortunately, they closed the one on Parson closest to Dwntwn. I've heard Jossepi's in the Bottoms/w.Broad st is also good?
<U+2665>Thanks 4 advice.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans that live in the UK but still support them.
just was at new store. Need sour cream and pumpkin donuts.
Welcome aboard Expecting big things from you.
Loss of Suggs for the season...horrible blow for #Ravens. On the bright side, wait...no bright side.
Just got home from a great night & had some breakfast. It's 7am & the sun is rising. That's partying in Salamanca for ya. :) Now, bed time!
Forgot I switched accounts and tweeted you back from crazy ed ha
if you need prayer come to Prophetic Activation Skype meeting this Friday. starts at 10pm add my Skype name ( Carlos.Bello507)
Thanks bro! U know I've failed a 1000 times and gotten up 1001 times! Definitely gonna make it big one way or another!
Approaching 10,000 views but the actual total is supposedly way, way more..thanks guys!! Keep posting it on FB, it's working!
glad to have you on the team
It's so true - the geese in Bristol are NUTS
It is a beautiful day studio!!! Filled with garden roses, hydrangea, and hybrid ranunculus! Can't wait to deliver tomorrow:)
Visit by ship on round-the-world tour launches Victoria&#39;s cruise season
words i live by
Ugh. Lame.
One more #BallSoHard Pun and I'm deleting my twitter
#NP Para Siempre - Dj Sancho. Ah, I miss my ganster love songs, from the old days. :)
rain in the city
in my defense, I'm a "longtime" fan from your Best Week ever days, and am glad to have found you again.
Hope you had fun exploring Chicago - It was great meeting you in person after a few years online :)
Jumpin on a plane back to Vegas!
while its getting harder for you, its getting easier for me.
Awesome! Congrats on your success! Love Blue Bloods!
haha i do that too xD
A Kindergarten student commenting on my forgetting bus numbers at dismissal: "is your brain too small for all these numbers?"
GO AVS! “: Bout to catch me a Jersey Devils game.. Coincidently they playing the Colorado Avs...”
Sure. :) Good job Im in 250..
what do you want me to tell you about? Lol. Twitter was still the same. Haha. (:
RT : Azalea is going to lose her mind. She's the star of not one but TWO holiday cards.
I'll call you in the am. Congrats on the win bro.
DeVito a terrific run stopper, while Coples expected to add to pass rush. Should complement each other in #Jets' defense.
Happy Birthday! Don't hate us youngsters still in our 20s!
It's fine! I get it, it happens lol. Welcome :)
Michael Baron wins outstanding director for resident musical " A Year with Frog and Toad."
Best vday present from the CityOfMilwaukee: recyclers showed up for the first time in 2 months.
Thanks for the heads up on this new book:-)
The camera loves you both!
First I want to say I love you very much Betty!,pls tell us ur opinion, was it right for Pres Obama to invite Kardashians there
Will be an exciting final day on the Dan McClimon track with #Badgers men and women teams leading #B1GTF. Stop out or follow
Seems twitter has unfollowed people for me, and then suggested I follow them again.
Life's like a rollercoaster. u get jerked one way & another, never know whats around the corner, but just have 2 sit back & enjoy the ride.
....Lol I'm don't know what to say.
and aw u saw Bonnie Dune?! how awesome, we should see them together one day fo sho! then hot cookies!
Got dam. Is lucroy something or what?!
“: Shoutout to ! He's the best , follow him !” dam straight I'm the best!!
15 minutes of physical activity per day lowered odds of obesity more than 50% in boys and nearly 40% in girls.
what is that thing? hahah
I love weather. While living in NYC I guessed exact snow-fall totals...Local NBC affiliate used me each winter thereafter for 6 yrs
Around world, Obama's presidency a disappointment: Turns out he saw the best part.Full Story AP National News VideoMore>> As SWAT tea...
I swear my sister has anxiety attacks...
Just saw "1984" at the GAMM theatre! SO good!
The Cowboys released Terence Newman?
now that's wassup team rapitup
Thanks for the support in Kansas! Shine responsibly!
You may not start at the top,enhancing&sharpening your skills soaked in with hard work,dedication and heart proves that youll reach the top
Thrice makes such incredible music. It's a shame they don't get more recognition for this.
damn twitter FOLK!!!
Testing FB Updates
So #thankful to work with incredible LGBTQ at !
Taking matters into your own hands is sometimes the best thing to do..
trying to get off work so I can join you guys. power in numbers.
we'll get sukhdeep to play the lead I can totally see it coming together
Just wondering if Souther California is the best place in the whole world to live!
lol yea I asked if I could go to the grove with abner monik and jordan and she was like hahaha not today
Hey Justin, how old are you?
You're so right! *throws down my green light saber and grabs a red one* Cue Darth Vader theme music.
Why do we want an unelected board of ANYONE doing ANYTHING with public money?
mystery solved: but that brescia should be latinized as brixiensis was clearly beyond by deductive capacities.
someone really said that? Way off
It's hard to admit when you know that you're wrong, when every line and every lie is piling on.
what did say she was gonna do? Omg sorry again! Lol <3
dude. Did u see that!
Examine yourselves to see whether you are in the faith; test yourselves. -2 Corinthians 13:5 seems easy to get consumed elsewhere each day
Inquiring "Who do you trust" at #edeltrust2012 Fact check? International news? Huffington Post?
Good first aau practice, Cats and Spartans both getting the W, and spending the day with my lil cousin dirty d.
well I have taken a few drinks of my husbands bc I crave it so much..I'm looking forward to 2-3 glasses. Lol
Its time to go to bed.
who's grinding? ;)
also I am recording to that track right nooooooowww doggydoggy I will send you way web it's done
i dont really want to take a shower because than 's autograph will wash off :(
Eddie Johnson litteraly scored...he just fortgot to the ball with him.
haha pretty funny
of sweet.... I gatta check it out then
dont u have like another phone o.o -.-
RT : Transcript of UN press briefing from Tuesday, facing questions re & #cholera complaint
Watching #Eureka now!!! Love it!
Is salsa involved in all of this? Shouldn't it be? Restaurants always make you ask for more.
"Social Media is the new neighborhood" ~ Sandi Krakowski
Are you going to ?
I've been fortunate that my therapist have "heard it all". So, nope, better my therapist than my family.
Good luck! RT : Big day today! We're shooting our pilot in front of a live studio audience!
Saying Kobe is better than LeBron bc of titles is like saying Teague is better than Wall.
Missouri loves company
I sense that I am just this close (pinches fingers nearly together) to the weekend.
It's only 1 o'clock and I've already had 2 cups of tea!
Twitter chat tonight from 5:30-8 for #usfpr students wanting to work in NYC
What's with the uh oh?
Come now, Milwaukee, it's nearly February. You should be frozen, not smelling of an open wound.
About a week ago, sent me a tweet of nothing but hearts. This makes me smile every time I see it.
I second , and I'm from Illinois.
Looks like NASA didn't arrange for a splashy show, I guess the scientists ran this project and not the marketers :)
RT I invented four new karate moves while trying to get an automatic paper towel dispenser to work.
Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
First 5 people to come in, mention this post and spend $10.00 will get a special gift! Paradigm Gardens Madison ONLY!
I might be interested! told me about this earlier today.
I dropped my phone :'(
might hop on open mic night in a couple days ha
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
HY Holiday party today. Should be fun.
RT : "I believe in the moral argument for aid… but I also believe that it is in our national interest" -UK PM David Cameron
ok. I hope it goes well. If not we can make the doctor "get in the groove"
great...now I have that song stuck in my head.
glad you enjoyed it!
having read your TL, I'm greatly curious as to what YOU would find inappropriate? ;-)
This for my homies.... Jermaine, and Carl.
Cant stop, won't stop, I must be dreaming...
i was a minute late calmit
Thx for the follow...following you back....
Fuck you Heath Bell
Morning run will start in approximately 45 minutes have a blessed day all.
Power is back THANK YOU We Energies for fast response and twitter updates. <3
Also I stopped at post office & got poetry stamps (including Plath, Levertov, Bishop, Gwendolyn Brooks, e.e. cummings, etc.).
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
I've got Bieber Fever on my birthday
Hysterical eggplant parmesan tantrums dropping like bombs over here.
Yep, I'm at Oak bar, hovering near the fireplace so I can pounce if a spot opens up near it :)
Just got in from bvm, had a good night. Gonna get a shower & get some sleep. Night ^__^
likewise, & if you ever have any musical events to promote, that have potential guest performers for my kind of show, get in touch
Happy New Year from everyone at Salinger's
mind of picasso ha ;b
aw! So sweet!
N the woman next 2 me on the plane.........MILF!!
I suppose now isn't the best time to say I never liked the Beastie Boys
I was just told I was too pretty for probation -
I guess I never let you go, because in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
#Napa locals check out #IDSNapa.com Remodels, Tenant improvements#
Remember when people thought Facebook email was going to be a thing?
Can I visit sometime soon... I miss the kids!!!
do you do graveyard shifts?
RT : "Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." ~ Malcolm Forbes
Indy not ready. I'm convinced
You can't beat 11 hours of power. Somebody get me a 5 hour energy drink
no...I'll look for it. I use classic Ro-tel for all kinds of cooking now...glad to try other products of yours
a GM has to clear your badge and they could be anywhere in the store.
country music
Shit. I'll take flowers and wine if it's given to me. Lol
They fucking did it mates. Bloody hell...
Congrats to future first ballot HOFer and fellow UNI alum Kurt Warner.
WOOHOO!!! got most of my trip to San Diego planned! My way there, place to stay, and an idea of how to get home. that works right? =)
The he/she from Twilight? Yeah. And she's an AWFUL actress. lol! C'mon Andrew! With all these HOT celebs you choose HER?
it's all good. if you stay positive then bad things will turn to good eventually
So did you get your free shirt?
don't get why people don't understand the concept of reserved seats... Planes, movies,concerts... How can it be so hard to sit in your spot?
5. Some social/advocacy organizations have spent so much effort erasing male survivors many believe that can't be raped.
Love the SECRET WONDERLAND lotion from Bath & Body!! Thanks Jamie!! <3
what's the current magic number? 40?
GM folk
For my scholar friends--what little, fly, funky things do you do during your summers to keep it (and yourself) fresh? Adding to your game?
This just in: week-old ranch Doritos smells exactly like vomit
Fox renames movie in wake of killing
#2011icf #5: Use your whole brain... Integrate the two hemispheres #6: balance body and mind... Learn to preserve your own health
Vernon Davis is a beast
How are you gearing up for #RoyalWedding guys
whats going on?
#SinceImBeingHonest I love Johannesburg more than Cape Town
u right about tht
FunFact: Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue of the human body.
hey, my buddies said they don't have any discount for tickets, buddy passes but no tickets. I can't hook u up with those.
Lol this guy “: Cucos closed. On to more mexican”
WAS THERE AND 'S HE CALLED ME AH": Thanks so much Philadelphia! That was one of my favorite shows of the tour. Pizza time"
the ref made a technically correct call, just a bummer it came down to that. Great game overall though
the West Hollywood store on Beverly
"it's life"
Those might possibly be our favorite part of Easter...those or Reese's eggs.
If you're in Ohio city today for the open air market stop down to and pick up Cellar Door Records Vol I for $5!
The goodnight call I just got <U+263A>>
have fun
send me your mailing info at and I'll set you up with a poster - thx!
Does a museum's personality in the physical space and its social media personality need to match?
why would my mom pick me up late when I have I go to work -___-
with Eileen Rene & Kiana Prudhont for the Green Screen & Final Cut Pro Seminar at the SAG Foundation (@ SAG Foundation)
I am following you..... I see your an alcoholic, that's nice
Laker fans excited because they're barely beating a team in the first round without a star player...it's like Loserville final four fans.
Had the Crazyest dream EVER!!!! AH
": Get really bigg!" #getmoney he might fight May 11th
Today we are excited to have of join us in DC at the #cysummit for an exciting announcement!
New post: Nickel & Nickel succulent syrah, took my breath away!
Kid Rock is surprisingly a really interesting person... In a good way
They have the best hue of blue.
: only one #month until we see each other again! #wecandothis I'm so proud of you. Have a good night.
I've been wanting to go to the beach for a cool minute.
Central Market Westgate in Austin tonight from 6:30-9pm. Good Times!!
I have no service in Dallas since 8 PM last night. What is going on. Not happy right now.
Great athlete placement opp: MTV2's Hip-Hop Squares (play off of old H'Wood Squares game). Along w rappers, Steelers’ LaMarr Woodley 2b feat
see you at the VFW!
No luck on the poll eh? Or did I miss it?
Hard to belive shit like this happens, Rest In Peace Reno <3
The Waterboy about to play on FX >>>
RT : Good luck getting this sorted, know it must be aggravating to say the least. Nice to meet you! / Nice to meet U2
i missed boyfriend music video.. i am so mad !
Its simple. Elected officials work for the people.
So pumped for "Jay-Z & Beyonce: Love Affair" Hip Hop Yoga w/ at tomorrow night! Who's going?!
hey may I co-own with you?
Photoshop Tip: Right-click or command+click to quickly view your brushes palette.
Can't beat "epic"
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Yeah buddy!!! Go Butler!!
just when i thought she was getting better...
it IS crack. I've been eating two veggie bowls a week on average...including tonight :)
why do you have a pic of gabe!!! lmfao!
Pinch hit by Jeff Samardzija in the bottom of the 11th, gets hit to load the bases!!! No outs!
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big-Donald Trump
Snack city, snack snack city. Study snacks at Hillel.
Sometimes a cold, dark, empty office early in the morning is the best place to do work ever.
Don't forget Happy Hour today with AnaJet Booth #803 at NBM Long Beach!
The way that shit spams facebook makes me stay away.
I liked it a lot. Hope your Friday is going well and you have a nice weekend.
G.M.N.I.: Migraine. Home in 10 minutes.
You follow me? Is because if you do not follow me I'll give you in unfollow :S
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase - 3 of 6 - Tamarack Cellars Chardonnay
great practice tonight, next show's at NJ State Fair. June 24th see you there?
Of the Coke bottle hitting the ground? Because they didn't save their campaign. #abortion RT : Nice save.
President Lora Burnett: announces April 24 at 12:30, brown bag #poetry reading in GSA lounge by poet Andrea Witzke Leavy.
Bay Area bound. Can't wait to see and
#youcanthaveswag if youre not comfortable being you, simple as that.
“: LOL read my last tweet” which one?
My Dreamcast is so old it has become senile - every time I turn it on it wants to know what day it is...
well start buying some. The next weeks driving is gonna be insane
#tmoniacz COME ON ICONIACZ LETS TREND THIS FOR T$!!! :)
I saw him beat up a guy with a starfish, that guy was me
He's into everything I wanna do, everything I want, anything at all.
they need something to compete with the evil CHL
And Kenya needs to beat her feet...right off the show...another Meeka smh
Look smart. You have until tomorrow morning to tell us how/why you #votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart Tee-Shirt!
but nothing beats Cafe Bella Mia
I love it when I get incredible customer service!
teaches ALL of Group Strength today at 12:05!
do you have info I can tweet about get the dough out of politics?
you're NYC pix are too cute, Joyo. Too cute!
And a happy weekend to you, Colin
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed. Storm Jameson
Nope...too comfortable with mine to be. They love who they love and I love who I love. It's all love:)
Thank you for making the car trip. Great picture.
Was it good or bad? lol
i would like to goto a mtv award show one day....
What does it mean when you "donate a tweet" Is it worth money for a cause or something?
I seriously need more money 6 dollars left in my account?!!
i just followed it austin. (: and then i just rt it. dm me please? (;
k, try to time is so you're at the forest station around 6:30
TeeHee one of my followers is really cute xD <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
I follow him
Q3: health, taste, cost, favorites, freshness
Didn't receive... I had whitelisted your e-mail address, too. DM me your assistant's e-mail, I'll whitelist that, too.
Question to the profession is - do we want change, if so how badly, and what are we prepared to do to get it?
Those who have found Love and take love for granted, if they are not careful,they night wake up in their graves crying
It's been One Of Those Days for everyone at HBTB. GIJ is upstairs writing a paper, and I'm downstairs spending time in Middle-earth.
I wanna go
Open mic tonight with Jeordie! 930pm. Nice time to come chill out and relax!
PPoBR is bringing in a special act this year!Tommie Turvey is an incredible showman, stuntman, and horse trainer. Can't wait to see his act!
Trailer for Oliver Stone's SAVAGES. Your reaction is...
Gorbachev's visit to Gage Park HS is coming up on turn on your TV!
Two children from a Brooklyn Montessori school bring change they had collected to Lonnie Bunch and stop to hug the Obamas. Crowds says Aw
RT : Loved 's keynote speech. Shs's so amazing
TATTOO PARTY @ MY STUDIO TODAY!!! COME ALL!!! DRINKS, FOOD, GOOD MUSIC, & OF COURSE SMOKE!!! LET'S GET IT...CALL ME FOR DETAILS 574-993-3136
well shit... imma actuall go smoke that cigarette now lol, maybe a bowl too.... nah, definitely a bowl too.... lol
Happy single awareness day !!! Also known as valentines day!!!!!!! ha ha! Hope your day is filled with love and smiles!
Hey Brittany! How can we help transition your co. to #ROWE? Everyone should be focused on results :)
i had a really weird, really dark harry potter dream. crazy shit went down.
Yes #Detroit heart of America coming back!!
We have training sessions this weekend in Charlotte, NC; Birmingham, AL; Charleston, SC, Lithonia, GA and Alpharetta, GA. Whew!
What is ur dates coach? Wud luv2come up if @ all possible.
why watch? just say no to stressful bullshit television. make your hubby do yoga with you. who knows where that could lead?
Ikr! But some crazy person just woke me up!!! Can't sleep! Even when I want to SMH
Thanks to Diane Perlman for making this event happen tonight!
I wanna get a tattoo. My friend is actually helping me design one now.
Cape Cod chips, enough said.
No, Mr. Blood Donation Murse, I am not looking at internet porn on my phone while I'm giving blood. I am on Twitter & you are inappropriate
yeah, i laughed at Frontier Room Massage yesterday as well :-)
Much confirmation!
yea its fun!
your wish is my command!
Lol gaga is.too intense introducing BS ..
Yes, their web site indicates they submitted a proposal in 2009.
Now on Hootsuite..
I close my eye while driving.
5 former Rangers get rings tonite as #Orioles. Hunter, Strope, O'day, Chavez & Chris Davis
I had a great work out today.
thank you.
that's incredible.
85 to IR?
Dang it...I wanna watch the movie "Toddler"...but can't find it online :-(
Follow me on #instagram Lovin this app!! I really need an iPhone now!!
is happiest with her silly family. <3
i'm concerned because my 7 page paper is sitting at 3 1/2 and i'm done. #whatdoido #fontsize48?
atleast ur saving urself two syllables with that one :-)
In IL, employment for ex-con political types is excellent as they have all been great experts for the Blago fiasco.
Karma will get you paid. Always. See you at WIP soon.
destruction complete! that will teach the yard 2 make work 4 the man on the weekend when he should be playing w/scraps.
let's it it poppin!!! Lol. Holla at me when u get out big tyme.
haha you FINALLY used it right!! :D
Yes, but I see them both as being counter to the "hold tight to our stuff" attitude. Digitize it & let people do stuff w it.
ah, relax! that's a piece of cake!
I wonder if will be my valentine this year :,)
Lol well, I'm full of surprises! ;)
Its getting hot.. crack a window air it out.
Seattle Sorbets is working on the custom sorbet cup for the Reese Wedding!!
Omg I missed you!!! So glad I got to see u preform again!!!
Glad to know my sister has my back from now on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Also: "September 27, 1986. I Went to Grandma Joys. I Crowcede. Also Did Things With Old, Old Pens." [What things, 6-year-old me?]
#wheelsofsuccess just surprised Jack Harris with a #1 Fan award at their R.A.C.E awards ceremony. Well deserved.
It sure is refreshing to have a couple days of sun!
Super mad I was sleeping GOOD AF
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
Hats off to the #iubb Hoosiers. They had a great season. We'll be back in the Sweet 16 next year!!
thanks Sweetness!
I am so excited!!! I am probably more excited than she is!
I'm going at 11:20 see you there
CANT BELIEVE ME AND THE GIRLS MISSED LIL BRIANNA MUSIC VIDEO SHOOT THAT WAS THIS WEEK END .... BUT CAN WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO .
oh me too rosie! we'll work well together;)
It's only right that people who provide services and charge us a down payment on their jets do the same..it's only fair..
Oh yeah. Tony #noms in the morning.
I feel like, tonight's my night.
how are you....I'm doing well.
Do you know of any 12 to 13 year olds that would like to do an OB course? Right now, our two 5 day courses this summer are 50% off!!
That's lovely! GBHGIS has a whole data model for "X reduced by 45 acres to enlarge Y on date Z" changes. Very flow-chart like.
I blessed. How are you!
You would think more christians would be carpenters
To the lake again
Thanks for the RT -Under 20 days until #IDODI Destination ImagiNation Global Finals!
Here it comes Nathaniel - hang in there!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” (Bo Bennett)
K <--- missed number 11
Hello! I need help naming a new business. Involves Bungy Trampoline, And water Bobles, like giant hamster ball you play in while on water.
Kind of surprised you didn't ask who he had to beat up to get the gig
Watching Nightmare Before Christmas on VHS.
Follow - sure, I'll do anything to keep Pat Holloway out of trouble!
And absolutely loathe that she is stranded in O'Hare due to her flight back home to Hartford being cancelled.
we is that today? i feel so honored haha
Definitely, look forward to it.
June 26th I think!
because it's another night, another dream wasted on you
Thanks for the RT. Fun plans for the weekend?
Happy Veteran's Day! May we remember those who have sacrificed for our freedom!
When you're walking alone and every little noise scares the fuck out of you
u got it sweetheart
I know mom. Just want to always do the best. Love you
Thanks for the mention!
The not-so-subtle shaming of the fighting Reps and Dems was a piece of loveliness.
Also - 'To Maternity... and beyond!' “: Clothing store for pregnant women. "From Here to Maternity."
don't stop lol
Totally #winning tonight. Boobs AND butt look way bigger.
#6wordfilmplots People in Idaho are freaking weird.
Faden: public presentation of student projects shifts burden of communication from reader to writer.
maybe ;D
Ah, okay... Not quite what I envisioned (something much more...horrid), but...thanks for the education!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. - Buddha
it means the stink of the blazers follows you
<U+2665> HEY ATL! TONIGHTS PARTY IS 18+ SO GET YOUR LITTLE SISTER AND GET READY!! Doors at 10pm!! <U+2665>
Another PK for Man U and they are right back in this thing.
Guess no one ever told that private jets already have suicide doors...
seems logical
I hope this guy does his tricks on the course!
I knew that.
#parenthood season finale is next week?!?!?
ah ok
"Cry" by Kelly Clarkson is on my list of covers to do :)
DZ don't need a microphone!
thanks for the mention! Don't forget...it's for stub club members only!
Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!
The Lakers will probably pull through and win Game 7. But what this tweet presupposes is... maybe they won't?
Dam this beat sounds 10x better than yesterday. Dope
drew beringer is the worst tweeter jn the history of teitter
Drew this iks extremely inappropriate. Please delete immediately.
doubt it
How you start World War 3 all the way in Carajoland #sad ;)
Right there with you!“: Another 90 degree day in Chicago. This is about the time when I start missing the cooler weather.”
i started hi wit 2 o's jus like ohio
Should I get my hair cut?
So…do you have a recommendation, or are you just complaining on behalf of the cebids?
need to watch the devil inside with
Rather than teaching SoMe for med school, it's more important to personally exp SoMe to realize how/why its useful
I swear that nigga pulled the dictionairy out for the word on words with friends lol
Could you perhaps expand on what this means exactly? I'm intrigued.
You CHOOSE to. ;-)
just had 491 yards against me in Madden.
For the Hunger Games movie, did everyone just forget about Octavia, Flavius, and Venia? xD I'm sad they weren't there.
Just kicked some butt in halo
LOVE taking naps.
Hoping that #NASPA12 Purposeful Sharing will be included on DVD AND featured on web. More to come!
Vigil for Gary Tinsley. Find out what his friends and teammates had to say at 11AM on
I liked the "mental exoskeleton" bit.
ya! definitely haha(:
Making the card for :)
Make sure to stop into Pittsburgh Popcorn Co! Their Oakland flavors are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Mesquite BBQ!
;; Yeeah . I like that word . Dunce . Lol
the end of an era
The awkward moment when my boss hangs out with me before work...
I thought I was hearing things... RT : LOL did just say wasbend
lol omg i was slowly dying the entire time. and everyone else was talking and I was the only one who paid attention
Overtime wrap party last night. Indescribably awesome.
An interesting fact from our friend’s : Your eyes contribute towards 85% of your total knowledge.
I don't mean to bother u but I feel like ur famous...o.0 idk y
Is it me or the Braxton family values reality show really sucks?
#Giro One of the more crowded parts of Italy, at -74k approaching #Cassino, marked by the bravery of Polish and Canadian soldiers in WW2.
and do u still go on stickam ? (: i made one but the stupid thing is ...i dont have a cam xD
Positive student development is formed by: hope, zest, curiosity, altruistic love, and persistence via Dr. Eileen Hulme
Ya bitch call me a princess idgaf!!! You a low life who disrespects women gtfo!
Im super excited 2
Going to get my hurt on
Can I come?!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 6
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 1: "See if the 'world' of open books will work for me (and my students)."
Uhh hate getting up early!!
we're setting in a new garden on a vacant lot. Lots of rubble and broken up foundation mixed in with the dirt
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends. - Juvenal
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least
Hi Joyce Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
is Baltimore-based, and on the floor below us. Stop in and visit us all next time you get to Baltimore
13 in a half (:
No matter what I do, or who I'm with, you're always on my mind
no doubt. has always, and will always, be my hero.
Glad to hear it! Claire and Jill are great.
the word swag itself has too much swag like toes.
RIP MCA. You and the Beastie Boys had such an influence on me.
relaxing sunday <3
I'll put this in my blog hopper... If you blog write your thoughts first and I'll respond :)
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...I HATE YOU UR SELFISH AND MEANINGLESS TO ME
Summer hurry up. So many projects and tests
I understand why that simile works; it is a big brick with windows, isn't it.
When you call your self fat, your obviously hungry for attention.
I miss Whens my favorite latino gonna come back?? Be neat to see him tonight!!
good thing you didn't open it, cause then it would have hacked yours and sent it to all your followers.
"Remember that you're dealing with football players. None of this is very complicated." Nice, Collinsworth.
Unless he goes on a demonstrable, crazy streak, all this crap is going to keep up. I don't want to deal with that garbage.
I'm sick of all the liars and the bullshit. Man up if you got some business to deal with.
#Shoutout to she saved my life.
RT : Help Build a Green Wall at ! All week on Q Level, share your ideas and post your commitments.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Custom Invoice Printing at NYC Printing 123. Customize your invoices and keep your purchases, products and orders organized.. 2 or 3...
do u know him in real life
in November :)
just took the dog for an early morning walk on the beach, looking forward to a good long day of work today
...your new stuff is so good. Thanks for the inspiration. :)
I'm dressing up as a carrot for the concert. You mad bro? Ok...
#KidCudi on the CMAC stage tonight turning the heat up. Anyone at the concert attending ?
oh wow! u need a roadie or two bro lol
If there's blood on the roots, there's blood on the branches.
Look forward to your comedy at a future date.
Finishing up recording tomorrow
Dream More while you are awake. Upload your art and showcase your work. Start today
I saw Coach give the foul sign too
This weather is seriously 2 #RIDIC It's freezing outside, may, and I'm still wearing my winter coat & got the heat on in the car!!
I saw the movie with you and ving rhanes where you played an assassin, you were gangsta, I loved it!!!
they called her beautiful!
where u goin?
i need a cuddle buddy
what's up!
#thetalk why is this necessary
Conference organizers tweeting upcoming sessions / previews?
LOVE IT, Chantel! Tell Levi I hardly recognized him. He's a young man now. :)
love this! :)
Not five steps from it.
For Valentine's Day this year, LOVE YOUR BODY! Come treat your self to clothes that make you feel fashionable, sexy and fabulous!
Chamber Chair Brent Cooper names NKYEC as leading education and alignment in Greater Cincinnati Region
No animal should ever jump up on the diningroom furniture unless absolutely certain that he can hold his own in the conversation. -Leibowitz
TONIGHTS AGENDA FOR WILD WEDNEADAYS .50 DRINKS AND $50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! IN THE MIX !!
#Diabetes: Glycemic Index indicates conversion of carbohydrates into sugar. Food with lower glycemic index raises the blood glucose slowly.
Could I get into the U of W (Univ. of Washington)?
Milk Faced
Do you have the scent in acting,singing or dancing?Come follow me I'll give you all the auditions website!
what up cuzo how are you!
Thank you Jim. Right back at you.
Dear monday,no one likes you.
People comparing Losing with Losing.
IN THE SAME ROOM~
they have :( I miss my boys
S/o to all 600 of my #FaithfulFollowers :)))
i never forget my fancy dancy!! Use my new twitter lol
Open today, tomorrow & Sunday 10 am - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Why does claiming my venue on Foursquare never ever work?
thank you so much!!!!
i wanna make my own hashtag. can you do that im gonna try:
Thx, NYC for teaching me how to navigate thesubway. Got on Paris Metro, going in the rt direction, transferred trains, made it to my desto.
Some little preshbomb on elevator asked me if I was relieved to be done classes and exams. Literal high point of my day (month?).
bummer :( but good luck studying!!!! You'll do great, don't worry!
hahahahahahhaa ;*** THATS WHY I LOVE YOU!!"
Hope floats! So in order to reach it, you have to rise above negativity.
Hey! I missed Worlds on Canadian TV coverage of the pairs short and wondered how Montalbano and Krasnopolski did!
It's remarkably sunny this morning and to match it, I think my disposition is sunny today. We'll see.
That sounds heavenly! Good luck!
The success of your program is predicated on your ability to get your players to buy in and find a value in what you have to offer.
#RejectedPromThemes Here for the Beer
no more "skinny models" with eating disorders or under 16! Healthy is the new black..LOVE
Just checked out the famous corkscrew at Laguna Seca. I can easily see how your stomach could end up in your throat!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the NCAA Tournament - New York Times (blog)
It amazes me how much the NBA players and owners think we care about them they r looking worse and worse as each day passes
There's a white cat on my lap, hello Pismo.
TV Tonight: Beavis and Butt-Head Return
loving the produce pic you produced.
Come and see the view from the top of our place!
Only had #sugarrush for a couple days and I already have it memorized
My dad and I have fake gun fights like every day. Omg.
Another day as the voice of PNC Park.
Beautiful, thank you for the mention ... Blessings!
thanks I appreciate the opportunity. It was a lot of fun!
why is like my favorite group number. Lol. And cool(: I can't wait till he comes back onn
You can do anything, but not everything
I have more street cred, because I remember Portland before it was uber gentrified when Killingsworth was really KILLINGsworth
good for you! jealous, I'm probably at 2.5-3 pages. Writing on my iPad so its hard to tell. I think I'll bake brownies at 4!
Yes. Court found GSU was subject to suit under *Ex Parte Young* - for injunction, but no damages.
Dawn - thanks for following me! Come by our booth at LMA - we share legal mktg, food and music loves!
Sorry for the 2wks no tweet dad in icu and taking care of things in mo.
Are the Direct Message options still on here?
Is there something going on in #Spain related to the US Civil War? Lots of hits on our #CW150 blog originating from there today.
I saw that, but there are no references in that story. The hurricane started the downturn, but state couldn't recover due to economy.
finally finished the dishes. my gosh that took forever
you can post undie pics though, I do it all the time!
Video sweeps the country from Rochester NY , What I Love About America ! www.rickeyleewatson.com
Sorry if you wanted to see us play Brooklyn last night. We were too busy pissing ourselves and getting in car accidents.
a big Mahalo for the follow!
keys are locked in the laundry room still :/ no beuno.
Sensitive ass people. <<<<
Bistro 42 is packed Friday beer food and basketball talk come see us
I love this too thanks!
:) had an auction tonite. very late for me.
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever
BOO FROG voodoo hex PDX skulls sounds Tonic Lounge SATURDAY + ALL TIME HIGH (Seattle) + DISCIPLES OF ROCK & ROLL ~~~ !
When faced with a choice, consciously follow the path that will make you stronger, wiser, healthier and happier.
How exciting! Have fun!
that bitch outta dere
Yes it is, but it seems that the music is possibly inspired by the island. Listen and see!
POKA, supported by both Reps and Dems, would be the linchpin of a comprehensive national strategy to address #ChildAbuse fatalities.
Call The Front Page. We will be excited to host your events.
15 minutes till #TeamAlton starts winning on
Coffee maker officially bit the dust this morning... to Keurig or not to Keurig? Please weigh in: Yes? No? Favorite model?
How does the Lady Gaga contest work? I entered but how do you find me on Facebook?
Gene simians tonight!!!!!
#prayforseankingston praying for a full recovery! <3
Snow? Really?
RT Gonna check out at tonight... shall be a great time!<< WOOt W00T ! ! ! !
hey thanks for following me I am sorry I couldn't go to the concert in Maryland TJ realy wanted me 2 go I feel bad
lol thank you
Omg i love this kind of weather
Got a real nice farmers tan today
Teenagers don't think they are reading (because reading is no longer classified the way it used to be)
So excited about our March 29 #EdTech Link event bringing together students, teachers, & technologists to reinvent #Baltimore. cc
I want to watch a Bradley Cooper movie! Like now! :P
How 'Lean UX' Can Improve Application Development, from Greg Laugero () in
I hate man whores its such a big turn off lile real stuff!!
no I'm sorry
Leaving DC at 5, should I just spend the night?
Such a beautiful day thank god I'm done with classes already!
1st-rounder Quinton Coples came off practice field and shook hands with new #Jets team prez Neil Glat. Good move, kid.
Timhovde.com has huge art sale at the lowest prices ever! Affordable, original artwork!
Good morning art world! Make today count!
Rest in peace .... Steve jobs....
Concussion no soccer for two weeks and no school for the next few days.
New track tonight from and
but if we dont we're very sorry and we still love you (: and you are still a True Bieber Fan!
"Do I look high?
Still can't believe Manchester City are Premier League champs. It's a sad day in English football.
Turning into a better day today. This past week has been a trial. Looking forward to fencing & fight team tonight.
omfg! THAT'S THE BEER I HAD IN NYC THAT WAS SO GOOD AND COULDN'T REMEMBER THE NAME!!
I think you just did.
Unfollowing the next person who says Adam Yauch or Maurice Sendak.
Thank you! Happy holidays to you and yours, Cara!
Ha, #AllsFairInLovePoliticsAndWeddingPlanning. I'm sure will try some tactics as well.
The reward God has for you is always greater than the sacrifice He requires of you - Bryan Cutshall
I should be out in the kitchen making my lunch for tomorrow but our roommate(s) is there.
Two days off of work, these past two days . . . has felt like a weeks worth of not working. #ProblemSolving gets old. Back to it tomorrow.
Disadvantaged students in the first grade have a #vocabulary that is approximately half that of an advantaged student.
homemade chicken noodle soup and bread for dinner
not totally sure but... cameo king maybe? Or one of the hood politics joints
Don't stab me in the heart... No love ho.
M, breakfast of champions!
doesnt appear to be a ton of demand for one, not that its a bad idea. Just a matter of volunteer bandwidth i suspect
Gonna be a great show at The Amsterdam on Feb 4
is off to California!
#askwill did you know you're trending worldwide?
Isn't it a little late to be awake and screaming at each other? Ugh.
RT Lol, it wasn't that much crazy ! ««aw just makin sure! Lol
It was an honor to be a part in your amazing wedding!!
Jon Ippolito on using OS X's "Classic Environment" (OS 9 emulator): "What the heck is this? Who care's, it'll run HyperCard"
Was already excited to hear about The Selection as a TV show, just to recieve an ARE of the upcoming book. Devoured in 2 days!
thanks so much for following!! :) xo
hahahha h loves it
you are a very talented individual young grasshopper. I hope to see you in the future.. Or in your dreams! ;)
Man, it's great in many ways (scary in others)! I love being on the bleeding edge of my industry. How are you?
5 guys is once again back on! (probably)
We're close by. I'm two down from the Metro Community Church on Highland. I probably pass your place when I walk the dogs.
Dear people who don't let me copy, fuck you.
Truer words were never spoken. And SO undeserving. o:)
Don't make promises you know you can't keep.
I just saw it, lol I'm all late.
Thank you ladies for participating with Ta-Ta-Tuesday. You are the best listeners out there. Keep up the good work.
Correct! Email us at to schedule your FREE BEER PARTY! RT : 251770000lbs
You know how I feel about it... RT : Sometimes the hardest call in songwriting is deciding to not write a bridge. Hm...
No other motives, no other reasoning. It was just so other ppl could read the other side, u r reading to much into it man
yes thank you. Even tho I can barely walk straight
my twitter doin some freaky shit right now. idk what 2 say
More #gedunkenmusik: "DJIA" Each stock is assigned a unique timbre (continuous-sounding). Trading volume => Intensity; Share Price => Pitch
got bruises all over my legs and back #wtf :(
OMG! There's a second hawk!
didn't last long enough to go on the memorial cruise, I hope?
#AskPSanders do you like soccer?
We serve lunch and dinner and our kitchen only closes 1am. Come and join us for late munches! Salute to Life!
Listening to Phonte - Who Loves You More (Morning Motivation!) Home is Where Charity Starts!
This day is freaking hot!
this guy.
hey, where are you!? Need to give you a big hug!!
this'll be good with Steve Martin
I meant to put a y but u no how these iPhones be with the touch pad
followed you! :D
So I wont go bashing the porn industry ever even now that I am retired..
an all new #TheLyingGame on tonight at 9! cant wait! ;)
who is m.s
: ur in for it now bol
Damn it! Come pick me up! I'm BORED here.... ;)
iOS mirror on Mac OSX? AirServer = better picture quality, Reflection = more stable, built-in recording.
we should meet in real life, I'm surprised we haven't!
If i have to see one more interview...
#ifabitchtellsme she wants to kick it, I immediately interpret that as shes trying to get dicked down, mission is a GO!
yeah, definitely possible
you can read mine too :-) i was with
u stole my heart and u r my inspiration I just wanted to let u no that and do u no what would be GRAND?If u would follow ...
Home under renovation burns in Pontiac
hot picture!! luv it!
A5: Teamwork or management experience are always related, and being able to showcase creativity in any previous experience is a plus!
Sarah Vaughn is making this rainy day better.
I need to reschedule my other Keri fix this week! Touching base soon.
Just saw this on a truck: "lettuce romaine in your heart"
Sudan declares emergency on border with south
I really cannot force myself to be productive at work.
'To change your reality you have to change your inner thoughts.' David Bohm Physicist
"families that watch Harry potter together stay together" - Jeff Pearson
Thanks for the follow good article on the Real Estate Agent I had no Idea Self Employment Tax was so high.
You can keep that. <U+E40E> lol
Lol!! I love getting clothes from people! <3 Thanks Melanie.(:
"we're gonna get hammered..." Okay, Mrs. D.
consider this an invitation to my gangsta nation
Haha, celebs are going nuts. Halle went crazy on a photographer. QT : What?! Will Smith slapped a Ukrainian reporter
#OnTheBrinkOf20 Want To Make A Mistake a Victory? Learn From It and Move On. A Mistake Is Worth Nothing If You Don't Learn. So Learn:)
Stunning and sexy!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 109
whoohooo its the weekend and we are going to the rib house in boulder for dinner!
RT : It's more than a game, it's a passion.
Thank you to event sponsors and
If you were invited to a league it should r going out soon!
making 1st 2012 decision. skipping first sunrise in order to make early morning first 2012 phone calls. nighty night.
Black Roses (not a good film but fun), Hard Rock Zombies (although it's not really metal), and ROTLD of course is righteous.
on my life!!! but i cant wait to see what they gonna do against San Antonio..thats gonna be GOOD!!
Come on meta
It is very real, and really very tasty! ;)
watching old cartoons...i miss being a kid.
Get him phil
We don't know if you've heard about this yet, but they're making a WATCHMEN toaster. You read that right.
And the train is moving...can't wait for tonight's show
Thanks, guys. Would love to work with y'all, too. Sorry I missed #wjchat tonite. Sounds like some collabs are in order.
I thought I it figured out..
thanks for liking<3
Good times :) RT : thanks for "holding court" last night
considering it, but the lighting is a but of a bummer
Coffee. Newspaper. Bed.
Bout to show em wat I can do
lol Don't call me moody
At the social media chairs event learning from the other societies...
The fall term is officially here. Welcome back, everyone. Also : A fine hello to new students. Woo-hoo!
I would be done with it by then, flying through it, kid were late today because of the book
love these dudes. check em out and follow! Only 4 more followers to get to 2000!!!
Aww! Miss doing Stinger with ya! I agree with , definitely impressed (you have a column!) Keep writing!
“: A #Leo can be very nice but when upset RUN FOR COVER.” - this is very true!!! Lol
is throwing a lot better, but we need to catch the damn ball!!
hey there, you ok with us using the footage from the other night?really good stuff. Thx..
We're not serving lunch/dinner today but we'll b back tomorrow for lunch @ Central Library downtown, dinner @ #FFFTF. Sat.
It is well, believe it!
I would imagine the person who died is the one who starved to death after filling its gas tanks for a couple trips.
That's awesome!
do I seem like I smoke? This whole conversation aside.
Duncan Hunter criticizes Obama on immigration, and proposes tough new law to quickly deport millions of illegal immigrants
Closing statements.
Can't navigate a news web page without activating ads, videos, etc. No, don't want to buy a Ford Fiesta....
Golly... RT : Can't go wrong with Lavender DRY, especially paired with chocolate (& social media). Thank you for being so fantastic!
How's your Friday going so far!?
I have no problem with that.
I know how you feel RT :
- So at this point I think we just pray for rain to end this miserable spectacle, right?
RT : My Outlook .pst files auto backed up by moving it to shared folder. Emails safe from format/hardware failure!
watching lauren playing basketball is the highlight of my day!
wow. I'm impressed that you continued to answer all the comments.
having ridiculous crash issues since the update
does it involve the buttor sock?
thats not cool....
I gave +K about Social Media on
so glad you came to the show! i loved your necklace. super super cool! :) -wes
I'm Single. Simple.
5 mins before an interview, I'm googling the correct pronunciation of Puscifer.
Walk. Off. Walk.
eating on the grass
Governor Mead requests flags to be flown at half staff on Sunday, September 11, 2011 in memory of the 9-11 attack.
The Speed Walkmen
Eatin your snacks knowin I'm hungry
Watching the fairly oddparents :)
How do you pronounce Gotye? What kind of music is it? Are they opening for Nickelback? ;)
This morbidly obese guy on the street has a "fallen on hard times" sign. Poor hard times, amiright?
No problem- neat opportunity. Good luck!
what did you think of Sherlock last night?
Looking at Justin Bieber shirts ! looking for which one i should buy (; who else is gonna buy one ? :D -pilar
ah a.k.a nutt tag. how about Lava tag late at night? You goin to be at chevvys all night
said needs help. On the way! Yum. Sake.
Last class 2day @ M'Ville. Got more from the experience than my students. Ups & Props , , , et al.
I had a epiphany. took me all day to realize it. but now I got it.
I found out #oomf do it to everybody. Guess they bitch ass gets the *kanye shrug* b/c iont give a FUCK about them. & mean that from my heart
bring an extra head set. I'm doing color for you!
god damn it julia
miss you girlyy!
for me its between MWC or RNG
I'm gonna need next Friday to get here like, NOW.
I'm trying to get some clients to spring for one but no luck so far. I feel ya
Fjord perfume makers, please ping me as I want to add to my elite team in Silicon Valley.
you officially have the best job ever!
Eww.. stick to the progressive knowledge & baseball pls ;) (#stillFF) RT : I love the power pop music.
FUTURE FAVORITE COUSIN!? Huh
i was stalked by three guys last night ! omg
sent u a dm. hit me when you're free.
Seriously, this weather is amazing today.
Happy Saturday, Tweeps!
Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!
psyched that you can make it ms. m! no beer spilling allowed - craft beer nectar is too valuable. good news is shoes stay neat.
sure beats the Oliday Inn
I guess you have your answer. Before my current gig, I hadn't used LN since 2002.
Fruiting Bodies on at 9:30 at the Comet. One new song. One less guitarist (temporarily).
Let's go Pens! (and the over)
and the jellied cranberry!! Enjoy the holiday!!!
My big brother taught me how to spit game but couldn't teach me love
I'd settle for a new governor. And not one named rebecca.
Many changes need to be made to the existing immigration legislation to address the associated complications affecting the United States.
Now that Bin Laden is dead who's picture do we put on urinal pucks now?
lol, so did I.
Going to bed lovies<3 You are al beautiful(:
This reminds me of the concept of self literacy I've seen floating around. Other good tools: spokeo.com, pipl.com
QUIT SPRAYING STUFF!!!
So i'm sick -_-
yeah, nice crane!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world - Anne Frank
Happy #FF (great Washington Times Communities science columnist), , , , ,
how long will it take you to warm up?
I wanna go home
Stop bitching on facebook.
Love is a many splendored thing. It's also high in cholesterol.
Happy happy!!
so that means u r leaving the NFL network?
Electricity back,finally (:
listening to best coast i hope this makes me feel better i wish i had a better dad -_-
Living the life. And I can't help but thank God for the beautiful creation he has placed in front of me.
We chatted :) Thanks Alex! And I hope we will see you again soon Sorry again you didn't enjoy it
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
BTW you've upgraded to the next step of Twitterican evolution.
NICK! Your sexy time video is HILARIOUS!! :-D It takes a very confident person to pull that off. Great!
Beware of traffic Saturday morning!
RT #NP ' Boyfriend ' *pulls gun out and pulls trigger!
#wordoftheday It was disgusting last night before our date, my fiance spent an hour farding in the bathroom. - Thanks Luke!
<U+25BA>Just got off the phone w/my amazing girlfriend! It is so wonderful to have someone in my Life who sticks by me & truly loves me! #LGBT <U+2665>
Chicago friends! Come support us at tomorrow from 6-9 PM. FREE BOOZE!
sorry don't care for FB, I'll keep following and tweeting.hope you had a good day a bless day.#Obama 2012
SLIME ON KIDS CHOICE AWARDS !! WITH WILL SMITH
If any of my followers work at CBS, can you tell the higher-ups to start the title game earlier next year.
"Have you passed through this night?" -
Agreed! Thanks for the tips :) Always good insight from you during these #wedding chats :)
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 0nm8y)
bam! Will fwd this to our fb friends. Congrats on getting on the show :-)
Now that is truly amazing!!
My cousin is pregnant ^_^ I think she's like 2 to 3 months and she's hoping for a girl!!! Congrats L & A <U+2665>
read the tweet before I @ you
no problem love to see you doing good
This muscle relaxant works amazing. No back pain!
Taking my bath getting ready for work.
President Obama is the Tony Robbins or speech givers but a Barney Fife in executing his vision,
I think my 2012 look will be "lord of the dance."
got it. I would be completely okay with going as a fan too. I'll look at flights tonight to see if it's possible :)
yes, amazing how $ skews people's common sense...that & fear of death.
Sharing my love and knowledge of swords with blade wielders on the bus!
Daisuke looks sharp in latest rehab outing
At first I read "butter" not "butler". Yeah, that was confusing.
when u coming back?!?!
been there. Done that.
By community, you are talking about audiences?
Thanks -- I appreciate it!
Portland Business Alliance's Kelly Hossanini thanks City for including most of business community's feedback into plan.
I love seeing Beliebers reactions to everything Justin does...i love this family :)
you were amazing last night at the art museum!! Congrats!!
Done with a few of the garments for the new season. Working on pocket detail design, if I show you guys will you tell me which is ur fav?
Im moving to cali or spain when im able.
try using Cloud Browse to unlock Flash on your iPad :)
I like that track...
How do you replenish nutrients after an intense workout? Share your Friday fitness tip!
Haha. I love Gene! "Nice vest... You look like Aladin"
YE. Ever since put me in touch with her friend, it's been very porrotastic
Watching Extreme Drug Smuggling!
And the Lakers -5.5 spread is still in play. Lakers win, Nuggets cover and Stern is ruler of the world!!!
Gurry and Kappos: must maintain strength of diversity in harmonization, not lose expertise to the center.
Was reading article about Toyota recall & saw content targeted ad "Toyota.com/Recall - Toyota takes care of its customers..." Smart buy!
Yes, the other two are therapy dogs, she's is on her way! and we are getting trained on giving her commands since she's deaf
#10ThingsIWantToBuy not much... i'm pretty happy w/what i have
omg kimchi quesadilla why are you so tasty
- o cool. and ok im about to add you.!
No, it was a single.
"Another dream about you. I woke up ready to play. I want you here now. " --- text from my guy in NY. --- as if I need more Motivation! :-)
Chupacabra strikes again at Farragut Square! All your favorites today, so come join us for lunch starting around 11:15!
Scott Kain: Congrats on your newest team members, looking forward to working with them. Talk with you guys on the call Tuesday night
Yay!!! Me too! We should have a Sugar #Tweetup :)
Water Check Update: I'm only 2 cups down so far today. Not going to lunch until I polish off another 2 cups. Where you at?
I've been #MIA what's good..
friday woo
Thanks for making my decision to leave easy.
Toronto, Canada
first time on the expo line. hold on, DTLA, I'm gonna be in you.
If charity cost nothing, the world would be full of philanthropists.
oh you're playing the cool kid right? you can't handle 's success. now,you can finish this drama. LMFAO,cool boy.kbye.
I want to change my bio, but I've had this bio for a long time? Idk SOMEONE HELP ME?
The prettiest girl in the Members Only club undoubtedly has the largest member.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
really!? That sucks, I thought it was in that season.
is my best friend :)
falling in love w/ delicious. so easy to import & rename tags. telling everyone; folks over 40 dont know abt it. 2 many periods in old name?
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history. Peace Pilgrim
Ill follow back
“: I can't decide which are fastest- tractors or student drivers.” Maybe student tractor drivers?
RT : this guy is NOT a Democrat any more than Reagan Democrats are Democrats
#RememberHow going on field trips in elementary was the BEST thing EVER
You will love it! Let us know how it goes. Have fun and enjoy!
sorry - meant that listing as a RT.
spread the world around school and I thank you for listening
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls follow & message them with details.
haha see me in the streets then homie hah
30 retweets and I'll let know I'm suiting up when they play the Pacers tonight in Indy!
I had to explain The Guardian and Al-Jazeera and their politics to my dad...it is so clear why he voted for Bush! Told me I was un-American.
Head to on Sat from 4-5 p.m for a book signing by journalist and presidentail debate moderator Jim Lehrer.
we miss you too!
the hood and mask Hopkins wore was very "Grand Wizard."
": You kissed my lips and you saved me." this lol your welcome
hence the mummy reference lol. It's dry, but going right to my bones.
thanks for the follow I hope to check out your stuff soon.
he is an excellent snuggler of late. Next time!
Golden girls were the original sex in the city
What is Chiavanesca?
I have been un-productive all day. I have been so lazy!! And I am at work.
that is so exciting!! have a great time, he seems like he'd be a cool guy.
you're welcome!
that's perfect
7am boot camp isn't so hard. Being happy and upbeat at 7am is the hard part
Fill me in. What are the current plans?
we'll be fine. trust me when i say it wont ruin us<3
Q: "How did you guys take that picture?"
All I did was drive out with my Mom and niece to a wedding shower in San Bernardino. Feeling beat up, pretty sure it's allergies again.
I like how "toasting" was defined. And that there is caution about placing "treated items" in it.
I agree w/ you!
Every moment that I'm not actively thinking about something else, I'm thinking up improv team names.
well I signed a autograph after my performance lol Got request for my single And descent crowd reaction!!!
RT : I feel like we're in a Scooby-Doo episode and the actual GOP candidates are tied up in an abandoned warehouse.
i hate that old ppl think just because they are old and have seniority they can say the most inconsiderate things and get away with it
Getting more involved in my community.
any insights into how Frank Tripucka really feels about wearing #18?
Timing and scoring link on middle right side links to 'indycar.com/#' For a minute it linked to a Penske article.
I want 30 percent of the money and ill film
You'll have to use the app on your iphone :)
HI!:D thank you so much for following me:) I'm from Houston Texas, nice to meet ya. My idols are Justin&Selena as well:)
So not ready to do math this early :/
#ireallywish I was enough
fo sure dude
I admire you. The get me through the summers. You Mets/Jets guys take masochism to another level. That's great hustle.
Your welcome! All the best! -SW
Going to be presenting at Emerge Broward's Leadership Summit :-) Make sure to come to the health break out session! Sign up here:...
When you seen with me I'ma up that stock
Lord you're my everything..
Check out CN|2's Final Four Special, "Brawl in the Bayou" at 2 p.m. on CN|2.
Sitting here with Leftover Chinese food, a homemade peppermint hot chocolate and watching classic Disney movies and Christmas movies. :)
4 Stages of Periodontal Disease-Stage 2 Bleeding on probingTartar-Mineralization of plaque-Bad Breath-Volatile Sulphur Compounds (VSC)
Watching Hannah Montana Movie!(:
LOL I'M NOT IMA GOOD GIRL:)
ok. I'm on my iPod though so it'll take a minute for me to reply
To stay true to my old man ways, I'm late to the game. Used #redbox for the first time, and I'm a fan. Take that whippersnappers.
Kara,it is a sad those things happened 2u.It is quite strange that u would exploit them4profit in a book4ur lame show w/no benefit 2da needy
Conor Oberst's Old Punk/Post-Hardcore Band Desaparecidos Reuniting - Glide Magazine
Clack. Co. CAD....Accident reported at Roots Rd. & Webster Rd. in Clackamas....
Background checks for those purchasing firearms rising locally, nationally - Worcester Telegram
I find it highly unattractive when a female doesn't offer to cook, clean, or wash my clothes..
All this love is just making me more excited for the 28th in seattle
Challenge Preview! Get ready Chispites. Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge. Let's just say, there is wine and food...
Excellent! A Farewell To Kings is awesome make out music.
We r launching a new online customer mgmt system! Buy sessions and schedule your classes online! Directions to be posted soon.
So happy with all the freesia in the garden, so many beautiful and gorgeous smelling flowers! Some have somehow self seeded
Not stressing anyone.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!
a lap always works too
Its about time takes so time off of work! He always works hard to make us angels happy.Now its time for him to relax.
Yes, he is like 6'5"
svn seems SO much easier than git
MD Health Care for All fighting this special session for taxes on "other tobacco products," ie grape-flavored cigars, etc. marketed to kids.
YOU'RE worried? I can barely walk, let alone run.
We are hosting an Engagement Party for some wonderful customers and friends. Congratulations Kristin & Josh!!
get rid of your egg
Who are your top 5 favorite guitarists?
turns on heater
I have a feeling I'm going to be fighting with my new, loud, not-working AC all summer.
no phone.or ipod
Happy Friday! Can't wait to fiesta #rotrally style
This suffering will make us better artistes.
maybe you're right.
It's been over 24 hrs and I haven't gotten to talk to him...
neridahart: goodbye NOLA - has been fantastic
Wake up, bake up
If they don't get it out a Jar.... It ain't LOUD.
Successfully resisted urge to strip in front of TSA screening agents. Of course my underwire sets off the scanner.
I don't know much, but I do know how to entertain ;) #WinningtheCustomer is a solid dude.
Challenge week! Stay tuned, amigos....
I love you sailor :)
I flagged them to get them removed
Lookin like tired Cats
yeah i voted for aaron rodgers for madden 13.. come on
I'm just sayin'.. Your gut could explode.
and do you know what sort of technical background they are looking for?
we can do it late? Or maybe prior? I blame michael bay.
Love tweets from Politics and sports in one package. Can't go wrong!
RT : If you know not to do something and still do it , don't even expect me to give a fuck.
I want to wish my good friend BigStoney a Happy Birthday and apologize for not making it up to his party, hope you guys have fun!!!
I want to rollerskate down that hill next to grammies house on the Cape. Teach it a good lesson.
Design Council chief executive David Kester resigns Design Council chief executive David Kester is leaving the organisation.
Pittsburgh Power 6-4 v Cleveland Gladiators 6-4, battling it out for the top spot in the division tonight Consol Energy Center!
RT Love the stretch goals - great way to maintain momentum for training!
oh and btw: it keeps making her cry. like...really.
If I did one small thing differently in my life it would be COMPLETELY different.
As usual, the newspaper industry will do whatever it can to punish those who pushed it into obsolescence, e.g. Facebook, Google, Craigslist.
Haha. I love TN, I just need something different for a while. Thank goodness for Grad Schools! I just need to graduate first
Stuff I've never seen on the big screen: Andrei Rublev, The Sacrifice, The Killer, Hard Boiled, Days of Heaven, The Blue Angel, Pulp Fiction
Our neighbor has a Siamese cat that's disappeared before at 55th & 5th - email me at
- you were great! now get back to succeeding!
Jamesy! It's Nicole Agostino, and this is my webseries! Follow my directorial debut. Teen Drama and Awesome Music!
Tyler Perry -- Madea's Studio Goes Up in Flames
Thanks, Ali! We survived! So did everyone at work.
Hurrah! Good for them-- not that it was in doubt, I imagine. Congratulations.
<3 you papa!
haha awhh! happens to me all the time too =P
Tonight's action: 7:30pm Houston Dynamo vs Philadelphia Union 8:00pm Quiz Night. 10:00pm Los Angeles Galaxy vs New York Red Bulls
UW president "the #ischool is not just a resource for the university, it's the epicenter!"
#LifeStory my sisters have boyfriends and I'm a couple with my grandma.. Fuck love.
I wanna see on broadway(:
Welcome! Thanks for posting great content.
You're welcome... :)
So tell me I'm yours, tell me you're mine. Tell me I'm anything but fine. Tell me a story, tell the time. Tell me a lie. <3
ouch! poor puppy!
Tickets still available for our April 18 Civic Luncheon with Joe Tait. Russ Mitchell will be our MC. Come and support a great organization.
Trying to set goals and build up my followers here and on FB.. "AGAIN" since half my folks got deleted ..So follow me as I follow you
I HATE it when drive thrus fuck up my order and I don't realize it until I get home.
thanks andrew!
Abt to curl up & end my night by watching some powerful motivational videos by !
dang u tweet poor bird cant keep up :P
#Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day! What is your go to breakfast?
Also interesting/disappointing that judge doesn't weigh purpose of copyright at all in individual determinations. Wd strongly favor
we are set! Call 503 225-0860 and if you can ,Send me your contact info to
what's up thanks for following hope your having a great one :)
Vividly imagine how it feels to end your competition perfectly. How did it feel? How did YOU feel? Do this every time you train!
Masters Thesis BTW was "Learning Styles and Teaching Methods of Gerogia State Park Interpreters". The Park Rangers who give guided tours.
#2 behind UK-Duke 92 game
thanks! And thanks for spreading the word!
Ticked something off my #bucketlist. Saw #Titanic in a theater. She just hit the iceberg and she sinks in 2 hours....100 years ago tonight.
Trust needs to be earned and I'm smart enough not to trust too many
Kentucky Derby is happening right now. The best 2 minutes of television all weekend!
We have live music-punk, down and dirty boozey........... The night is young, come on down to sabbatic!
Great workshop from at
I could definitely eat Greek yogurt with honey for every meal.
Your Welcome mate
.... And back to life
A real spider is eating the spider mites on my eggplant plant. How appropriate.
I just saw. Hey, maybe you'll get a great new car out of it??
Awesome! Thank you!
Abhor cash only establishments.
Did everyone have a good time at the game friday?
My production company is now working with #WCGAPS on a new reality type #Paranormal show..been working this angle for over 5 yrs..FINALLY!
get him an adamantium laced skeleton and some healing factor and you won't have to worry.
I'm In love with this new character
Some guys never realize what they had until its gone. Sad for them. New generation of women rising up!
O'Malley is showing documents by Dr. Plecker doing his "race" police work: intermarriage "is an awful thing."
Arrogant broads with the false sense of flyness get the #unfollow with the quickness
“: Even a "dud" book for me might be a "wow" book for someone else. #titletalk Vice versa, too.” I try not to bias when asked
I have a crappy netbook that I use.
I was gonna pay him a little visit but mando said he was goin to like 3 different jails...where is he now?
got em fixed twice since then
I define love for our purpose as the passion of one being for another in the hope of being loved in return.
- - We love you #CoachBeaste!!
Hello America, the hottest 2012 presidential candidate is back on twitter central ready to get America back on track www.bruzzesiforpres.com
can you imagine the look on his face if you actually told him that and then he let you take a pic of him holding
Congratulations on the generous gift!
Thanks so much :)
aww not fair u don't get were it but u look so good in it :-)
good luck!
#wineoftheday :Emile Beyer Pinot Blanc-an Alsatian white with subtle apricot notes and minerality to awaken the poet(or diva) within.
When you see something you wasn't really trying to see <<<<<
#fridayreads finished the Hypnotist by Kepler in one day. New Swedish author for me & looking forward to more.
Tony Parker: "I'm taking my talents to the hotel room, and going to play with Brent Barry's wife."
Did you go AK on the site? (joke in poor taste, I know) RT : Not that anyone cares, but I apologize for no Packer content
Hey CP & Dtrain, it's sunny outside. You N.N.'s need to open the curtains. Hope we don't blow this lead.
holy fuck I just died.
What kind are you getting? RT : Happy National Pizza Party Day! Like we need an excuse to party with some friends ;)
YO RICKY. it would be pretty cool to hang out on my birthday (june 4th) just saying. :)
you just keep catching me with the convertible. One direction? Oh yeah.
has anyone else been able to sign up for Google+ today? I've been trying since 8am.. keeps saying "We've temporarily exceeded our capacity."
You would think I would be worried about not finding someone for prom. Truth is I'm not bothered by it at all. What ever happens, happens.
Finna get on this #Showerflow & bring it in early tonite>>><<<<
Got 50 new followers today . :)
This is when my timeline gets ratchet and full of drunk tweets.
Looking forward to the Genealogy Fair tomorrow. Plan to attend sessions as well as visit the booths!
I just voxer Nyadöör to talk to u but do u have a little money for gas
Eli is fucking hilarious on SNL right now !
Hip - hip - Jorge! Still love Posada.
What you think are the "normal" predictors of deception may not be accurate....
You'll get one month of unlimited boot camp classes for only $59 with the mamapedia deal!
Damn it JUST hit me
SOUNDS AWFULly uplifting
hahaha I knew you meant ghosts.
Fun night with coworkers seeing one of our own in As You Like It at
you should try their customer service would get back to you promptly if any issues
Thanks Rock, he is really hot right now. He is either really hot or really cold.
I'm so tired ! But I guess I need to drag my a$$ out of bed and hit the gym before work. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Good luck buddy!! Thinking about you today!
So are you guys ! I've Been having your stuff on repeat. [: So glad there's still good, yet new music out there!
just drank an #arizona, time to pull an all nighter in the lab! Peace!
Didn't snap pics of them, but I saw model trains being operated on tables in Great Hall! They were so cute!!!
Theyve blown a three goal differential but will they choke enough to let a six goal lead slip away
That one person that always makes me happy!
Hope to run into you at the Jeff Mangum show. Any chance you and Sarah can hang out before? We're having people over.
No question he sucked RT : Agreed on Jordan. He sucks
game day..get focused !......R.I.P. Aunt Eva
conflates breast feeding with xtreme attachment parenting
Tonight definitely tops the most awkward moment I've ever had..
I've been better. Was sick all night & today now having plumbing issues again. How are you? How's Lexi?
Stop paying huge marketing fees. Your business can use CartoGraph to find new customers within specific regions. Tweet me for details.
Thanks you have some sweet shirts
Pizza,pizza
yes u reading this, plz follow me:D
Headphones up and passing out in the car.
Hamilton's pole will mean nothing at the #SpanishGP wait and see
Thanks for the RT!
Woodson preferred a Sunday opener to get an extra day to prepare. But #Knicks get Saturday in Chitown or South Beach.
Sununu = shrill gas bag
Looks like I might be going to see the #Avengers again on Friday, this time with !
Now we are adding to the initial list: . raises tension between customization & standardization & relation to tool building
Creoles would be more fitting
Real shit! RT Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
RT : October is National (eat more) Pork Month!
RT : Tonight in MKE! Linneman's 10pm on Locust St-- Blueheels CD Release and mke band crush, Worrier.
I'm getting tired of constant disappointments.
good for her! You have awesome burgers, btw.
Another year**
Looking forward to an amazing Friday! You?
Thanks to for cool story on sleep apnea trial at
My Dad's And Alien And My Uncles Are Citizens
Watching the Grammys & thinking hopefully by next year Cody will be on here. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Cisco just bought the Flip video camera from Pure Digital for $590m. Big push into consumer electronics.
My planned co-op partner has been old and sick. Stupid ravages of time are eating my friend
CS5 is killing me. Everytime I export to PDF the background task freezes. This shouldn't be a painstaking process...
Someone text me. Save me. Im at destinys and its awkward cuz her friend is here....... ~Devin.Anne<3
That'll be AWESOME.
Not sure what I want for my bday even though its's tomorrow. I should've been thought about what I want lol
I do own one nice Michael Kohrs suit, but it's my only suit. I'd like more than one.
Oh yay!!! Thanks to twitter I knew to be prepared for an epic Howie call!!!!!
. Been any activity on Gary Brackett or Dallas Clark?
Thanks!! RT Great unsolicited shout out to ... Great work by !
i believe it. I'd like the City to pay for my grey coverage but it might give Angela an aneurism.
My point about Gere was that there is much at "home" for him to invest his activist passion into addressing. More useful too.
awesome! Sounds like a great program. Mitt works best in 40s and below with wind. If it gets cold there you'll love it!
Thank you
Nope, you're doing it right. Also scour CL and print out anything good. Some people flag listings to quash competition
I know! It's just so much easier now :)
I want a boyfriend that I can tell everything to and talk to about anything about, not just what he wants to hear.
Finding tons of flaws in a person and not accepting them for their flaws will lead to it not working. Accept a person for who they are.
Under RT Over/Under on Sixers-Boston is 140. For the series, not Game 1.
Thankful that my migraine has alleviated the right side of my head. Sorry left side. Your turn now.
intense napping
RT bringing SO Experience to the Nike Campus on Sept. 26 for aspiring SO Athletes and their families pls. RT -ev
sushi with Michaela!
Umii Products is accepted as a Community Partner with the USDA
What a fabulous organization I just went to!
B 1 of the few to have my Cochon555 Aspen Cocktail 2nite. Bacon/ Rib Armagnac Blanche, Pistachio Dumante, Smoked Cherries.
I see, what do you do? The bf snores loud and he doesn't let me sleep.
aww you two are going together? (:
Just found most impossible thing to code: the "Night Before Christmas" version of the health care debate. Seriously?!
Two Flacco faces better defenses than Romo and still wins playoff games.
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :)
Voting for the Naismith Award :) and you should too. Txt 4 to 347-63 ;)
His texts >>>
It is in reading that you find yourself so deep into someone else's heart, soul, and thoughts, as if swapping lives with them! Amazing!
Thanks , started Breaking Bad last night
Things I don't want to do after all weekend out at my daughters softball tournament: 1) homework 2) anything productive.
ew lol, I can't stand it..
: She lives as a woman
FBCD... Slap the ask and were off to the moon and beyond!!!
Reminder SaMo: the lovely is teaching kettlebells tomorrow, while darling carves out ur Core :)
The Indians should be out of this inning. The short hop throw combined with the missed scoop have bitten us in the ass.
Just because I'm not talking to you, doesn't mean I'm not thinking about you.
Good! Wish I was watching instead of working.
You're annoying..
Anybody out there unable to sleep?
I miss ur face!
If you're in the #DMV & Love dance, then check out Cypher Sessionz the 1st Fri of every month. facebook.com/event.php?eid=…
Golf is out…you are holding my clubs hostage. ;) So my new hobby is drinking. Well, thats not so new, but it has a renewed focus.
Honestly, I don't even remember that even coming up.
#FF my favorite directors and - both David s hm...
Usually when I go shopping I get a headache-never understood why. I'm at mall with wife Lisa now--anyone have any aspirin!
the sky (; just kidding! Nothing, just got home! What about you?
. use Hatch-Waxman tailoring by sector as a model?
Thank you october, warm weather is saving the last of our crops. No frosts yet.
Not formal dorms, but high-rise "student housing" buildings & lots of apt availability.
Neighbor kid and his buddies are on their roof. I'm sure that's safe.
SHUT UP WHY DO YOU POST EVERYTHING ON THE INTERNET
They do follow. $=buzz=more reviews=impression of legitimacy/worth
I hate your hair
RT #InfoOverload as an oxymoron & other recent gems vi shar.es/oONnh <TY Monica! Good to have a Dr. in the house!^ME>
will we be able to see the flash films after the semester? Sounds great!
I have the ball, and I have the net !
Timing is everything... Good luck!!
It's not about being committed to charters, says It's about being committed to the reason for charters.
Working on calculus while drinkin a Pacifico and playing to Coldplay. I might do this more often seeing how much my productivity increased.
Veterans Day follow
Trivia Tuesday begins in one hour! Get here for $7 tacos, $6 margaritas and the chance to win prizes!
This is the hottest (farenheit heat) plane I've ever been in.
What a gorgeous day! Friday 70s!!!
daily smog check discount is 40 dollars come get your vehicle check out and serviced we will be glad to help
is this period over yet?
Mel Kiper's hair is dominating the draft day conversation on ESPN and rightfully so! Follow the 2012 NFL Draft in FanCake!
I wish my phone wasn't almost dead or I would text sorru Mckenna..:(
i think i may be more excited bout this celtics game than the superbowl....
Famu was in my mentions so hurt today!! Like a zeta trying to get a prom date.
Stoked to be this year w/Brian Hunt and Thom Zadra, the Business and Creative Heads of Original Video !
Bail for accused #Florida killer #GeorgeZimmerman? #FirstEdition asks LIVE
"Hey, let's re-do the kitchen! " That's how it starts...and spirals down from there...for too many homeowners. I save you from yourself
the password to the champagne room was to say "louisville" like a native.
miss you too lovely! Come visit!!
One student wrote "Are people really freaking out about gender discrimination? #bleedingheartliberals"--not kidding.
You are so very welcome...and thank you, as well, for uncovering my eyes.
If it's only sometimes, we need to work harder.
I could beat you
dang dat was harsh
gotcha... I replied
thank you :)
-i don't follow penis, booty cheeks, 6 packs, & lips..... if that's your avi., that means YOU!!
ALL PARENTS NEED TO BLAST THEM WITH EMAIL
WSU 72 OSU 55 F RT : Clearly I don't follow enough people who cover Washington State or Oregon State. What is the score
Who are You & Why are You FOLLOWING ME?
It's hard to have a good lunch break when won't stop staring at you.
can I havee some????
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world! *412-973-8262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock
we may have gotten blown out by the lions, but I watched every minute of it. Glad football is back.
They Call Me Lame Cuz Im Not With The In Crowd. Fuck That, I Stand Out Wasnt Meant To Fit In.
I Feel Like This Week Is Gona Be A Whole Lot Better
damn I can't wait for LeBron to win it this year.
This is still a ballgame. Remember has yet to play a 4th quarter in Cleveland. Let's go #Cavs!
Can't wait till the kids wake up and find an empty dining room and living room. No fighting over TV viewing spots today. #carpet cleaning
alright tatianna & cassidy cut the shit & be friends again
How's it going tweeps?
y'all to should go together to get y'all permits
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
that is a bummer. we need to go laptop shopping. costco, mac authority?
girl put a cold rag on that eye cuz it lok right NASTY !!!!!
excited fir the new video :D
I wish! I was on a bike ride.
Or a wrapped sandwich you're going to start eating in 30 seconds.
Hold on to ur seats! RT : Just got 2 work & the construction workers downstairs keep yelling "1 2 3 GO!" I think I might fall in
"So sweet Danna! Let me know when you make it to the D. : is it your bday? sending <3..hope to see you soon! xo"
Sounds good, have a good lunch!
Taking a nap in Alex's bed and with rusty! #GetAtMe missing the good life
What's up? Lol
Today is going to be long I can already tell just have to remember God is good
you brought me a shirt?
Request "Daylight" by on your local radio station! go to www.requestdaylight.tumblr.com for your station's request info!
Good luck “: Just took a vow of celibacy.”
Am I the best
Sex Strike only needed for those that are into Rush Limbaugh or others that don't believe in women's rights!
“Altogether” is completely. “All together” is all in one place or time. It’d be altogether cool if you all together said hi.
Once again TY to , , and for the mentions! Your awesome
When you can forgive, including yourself, then you can go on living in and with love.
Obama is so like Jesus. Romney, so different. You've got to wonder: Do Republicans actually like Jesus?
Me mo!
X-Factor is about to be huge.
I PASSED!! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
lol so I've heard-- Even people that weren't sending hate tweets
were gonna take over the world!
RT Virginia Museum The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts is a top US art museum with more than 5,000 years of art from around the world.
DEFINITELY....We have to keep these people out the whitehouse...and out of congress period...
how about Mickey Rooney's Mr. Yunioshi? How did they get away with that?
hahaaaaa!!! I'm sorry I'll change it after I finish this game of 9 ball :) I gotta win!!!!!
Reveling in the design prowess of an artist working in ClarisWorks.
yeah yeah.
Watchingg America's Got Talent Houston,Texas auditions!(:
This doctor keeps calling me kiddo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
LIKE IF you put things in a safe place and then forget where the safe place is
I really want #PanAm back on TV... 3 weeks is FAR too long!
“: Twitter has turned me into a lonely insomniac with a great sense of humor and obsessive tendencies.” haha
you were, thanks!! but I think you'll be amused when you find the answer.
Ur very welcome!
Feliz Cinqo de Mayo!! (But none of my Hispanic coworkers know what it's about, something about the French...)
Today had to be like the worst day ever. Not only did I have to see my grandma all day but then my aunt came over.
Sending you a lot of love and best wishes for a speedy recovery from Section 132, Row I. Hang in there!
tried to spin and catch it on both cheeks lol
More dance beat! More dance beef!
We don't want to be another number to any company or organization. Balance procedure with personal touches, a happy client feels valued.
my new fb page is facebook.com/10000228497556
So apparently I got an award from Obama. My dad asked if I could burn it LOL.
I'd say both can be used for impression management, but pinterest has better affordances for browsing previously posted content
this new christian artist from Nashville
it's a start! I think wolman is still open in the park, ever go?
What does "to tanepistamio tou Tulsa" mean?
I love fuck u betta is always getting play in my house.
; if any bitch felt like i was flirting w/ them, my bad cause the last thing that's on my agenda. since i was so called flirting last night.
I love those awkward moments. Mixture of happiness they still have fun & total nauseating weirdness.
Married to the game. . . . . but he broke his vows
I'm trying to watch Katt Williams on Comedy Central but there are so many bleeps I can't understand the man. Loosen up CC!
and your slowly shaking fingertips show that you're scared like me, so lets pretend we're alone.
mm that pic
#SCMS12 Elisa-PopCulturePirate-on using remix for media literacy, critical thinking and feminist ethics.
Just saw a dead dog on the highway. Its name was Lucky.
Interesting Fact of the day: Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
Were you standing by a cute girl w/ a pony tail and saw her reflection too?
as long as I have a girl and boy I'll be fine... And both, we wanted and it happened .. Lol
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Work Meeting
Thank you for spreading the word and helping to raise awareness! :O)
thanks and thanks for RT!
Good Morning #Metro Center! Start your week right having lunch with us!
Heading out. Just realized i tweeted my 1000th tweet 2nite on #kinderchat. How appropriate! :) g'night everyone! Thx
i kinda like both NYR/NJD so i haven't decided who to go for.
I'm glad vintage stuff is in fashion, because I haven't felt this insecure and shy since middle school.
This 55-year-old appreciates your book. Thank YOU.
just set us up to twit away. still getting set up :-)
Technical on Bo! Yikes. At least the 2 free shots were missed for that!
hey dude! the atl is the usual 3 H'S ---HOT, HUMID AND HECTIC! LOL! gotta love it! you should visit. you DO NOT live in Fla!
hahah I procrastinated on reading it do I must finish it in one day! :)
The dissapointing moment when you realized Kony 2012 had nothing to do with free Hotdogs. The Park Sports Bar tonight 21+ Free all nigh ...
sorry for late #FFs ... I had them queued up and forgot to post
Downlosd the new Angrey ya need that asap!!!!!
so cute <U+2665>
Clicked on a link posted by , ended up on a pseudo, virtual, weird cartooney porn site. Thanks J!
Quick nap then off to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Zooey: "Siri, what should we do today?". Siri: "I've found these helpful ways for you to kill yourself".
Oh I haven't, have I? You think Mubarek left on his own? knows.
haa why you like my smile.!? (x
Patty Mills and Danny Green have 7 points each. The Suns lead the Spurs 29-26 at the end of the first quarter. Shannon Brown has 14 points.
As long as they dont play 4 the Skins, Eagles, or Giants
I dont belong to anyone, no body belongs to me!
you can. There is a walk up rate, but it is more expensive
of course
Cant wait for prom!!
Best Companies to Work For? Your own!
EI Cuts are draconian. Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like children with devtal disabilities. What do you think?
Thank you for the shout out Katrina!
In other words, not going to happen. RT Barrett: the trick to restoring workers' rights is the assembly.
subtle indeed!
"Everything is wonderful...the Sun is out and shining so bright. Just like it's supposed to go...and it's just getting started tonight."
Today is my birthday! The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
I love your music, Sheryl!
Surprising amount of work got done last night. Only 2 papers to go!
Here at booth! Come by and say hello
Our movers are so strong they can move thousands of boxes without breaking a sweat! Even can't do that!!!
I want to do something this week. At camp I was so used to doing stuff and seeing people every day. It's weird sitting around doing nothing.
The press release is for real, even though it reads like it was written by a grade school bully.
Logging off sadly. Going to miss my Selenators
Seeing a cat food commercial and instantly thinking of Harry.
Oh Matty G, don't do this to me.
#schoolflow in a few...what about you!?
As a Twitter neophyte any suggestions on how to engage with people with whom I share interests and how to have fewer pornbots follow me?
We in the booth cuh we gotta new hit fo ya! We jus re-up...
“: Is it gonna take some Bolshevik loiterers to get a police presence in NoNo?”
watching the final four. Let's Go Kentucky!
that is funny!! The plot was good.... Maybe?!?
People are saying earliest you'd return is May 27th.
The #ABALawDay Jaworski program is live on C-SPAN, right now! We just got a shout out for our hard work, live on C-SPAN!
Learn about Social Media, Superior Middle School #Wisconsin, 5.10.12, 5-6 PM, free event, computers available for use,
I gotta see a man in indigo score soon. #SKCvMTL and I have sad news... My phone is dying & I didn't bring Pad :-(
Glad you're back. Now we can look forward to lots more 140 character entertainment from you!
8hrs time difference means waking up 5 times a night, finally bolt upright at 5am... a week of jet lag here I come
While this Renders, I shall Write.
Saunders on Galchen: entrancing in part because one can't pick up on her agenda
I want to get a massage.
Great seeing and of fame at the open house last night!
i've never seen the godfather either. maybe we can arrange a screening at dollywood?
m the shit.
Really fortunate to only be down 13. #Florida's kicker is money. Wish ours was.
Treating the body, mind, and spirit as a whole. Putting everything back in balance with alternative care.
did you get the pic!?!?!
yaay happy birthday exclamation exclamation!
call for a stretcher!
There are some things you guys should DM each other... Don't just tweet them so everyone can see them #NotClickingAnymoreLinks O_O
All-In Tuesdays is in full effect. GET DOWN HERE NOW! is ready to take your ears on a journey.
Dolphins going to surprise and finish 2nd in the AFC East..
so cool! But he looks like he's been playing his drinking game too long.
you're the only celeb I want to see. meanwhile why is Natasha bedingfield here?
. . . go far into #debt that you can't afford to take care if your family. #ows 1/2
and killed it tonight for Thanks guys for everything! #yourock and those kids were amazing.
that just gave me a headache was that the intention
Wow! Watching Hard Rocks around the country present plans. Get ready world we Rock!
the more likely scenario
What position u playing? Damn it...let's play 2
ARE BEGGING. please NEVER allow kat, colton or alicia to ever play #survivor again. keep this game classy jeff.
I'll think about the librarian question & get back to you
If Bobby Knight was going from Indiana to Tennessee he'd re-route around Kentucky
I honestly love the feel when you are lying in your bed and you feel the a/c on :)
are you mayor of Starbucks?
lol but that's not to say that others won't be offended.
Eating some shrimp fried rice(:
Whoever has read the book "Stargirl" RT !!!!! #RANDOM !! She's craazyyy thoooo!!!!
I liked it.
The GTS is comfortable fun to drive and has plenty of headroom for anyone.
kodi dm me your ps or xbox name please if you can
Contact Council President at for info on the leadership academy & the new citizens advisory...
We all try -frank ocean>>>>>>
Markelle Martin just recovered a fumble inside Stanford 5
Just realized that tweet below could be misconstrued. Rest assured, the brown creeper is a bird--a lovely, little one.
she is but my ass is numb
looked legit 2nite, unite
I think is the most beautiful awesome stunning person imaginable. Totes!
So there's these birds in my neighborhood that come out and sing in the spring and I imagine thats what mockingjays sound like.
I just realized how thin my walls are. My neighbor was sneezing, I jokingly said "God Bless You" and they thanked me.
Thank you! Loving the SoFla weather today.
Taxpayers Night will start in a few minutes watch live on
if diet soda was so bad, every other ad on TV would be some lawyer trying to get you to sue coke
I have.........hahahahahaha!! Bring back Roy Evans!!
That moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I wanna loose my belly an lift&expand outward my ass!
ED 209 threatening to kill you if you don't 2-for-1. Also, maybe a play on the Hostess gags from old school comics.
what up girl how u been
is back home in Hawaii auditioning for a few gigs. I traveled cross country and through six time zones within the last week.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry, you don't know how lovely you are <3.
At the Oregon Symphony to see Brandi Carlile with the Symphony. Cranky usher though. #gc2012 only 40% of you would come. Your loss.
How hard would it have been for these guys to ask your permission? Seriously.
thanks dude! She's studying photography so if you have any interest in modeling/head shots let me know she'll need models
well I want to test thm out lol
mega millions mega millions mega millions
Just finished watching Fireproof w/ my bride. A perfect end to Valentine's Day. I am blessed beyond belief. She is my crown. Proverbs 12:4.
So close!
most def... And check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Yeah I know, media believes the city when they say everything is fine with interoperability
Yes it does. & hopefully the depth of #Spurs roster comes through. RT Bosh being out opens that door for #spurs in the finals.
~ Enjoyed the part of your broadcast that I got to hear!! As always! xoxoxoxo
The new McDonalds commercial freaks me out!
Why am i wide awake at 6am..ick.
One year from today Americans will decide whether or not they are better or worse off than they were four years ago.
Within these last 2 days.....i think i've logged about 15 hours of studying Organic II lol~
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. Dale Carnegie
I like where your head's at. RT : Biggest news story of the day - R. Kelly's "Trapped in the Closet" series is back!!
You're welcome! Hope to be back soon. :)
Best accents and word choices ever.
VIA serves up #HappyHour Monday through Friday from 3 to 6. Stop by and we'll make you smile!
Did you know the human eye can distinguish more than 500 separate shades of gray?! Wow!
How awesome is the auctioneer on
morning (: hope u have a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
just wondering because I'd like to try out 5.1.1 for battery fixes, see if battery is any better and if not go back to 5.0.1 jb
I really hope this works out...
#441996Mahone icon : 1000 I LOVE THAT NUMBER HAHA! Anyways Ur a cool mahomie and I love your icon Oh my GAWD dying~ nd we should talk more
What is your favorite tool (downloadable program or internet app?) for a #usabilitytest?
Nearly suffered ignominious end of being run over by bus b/c watching Mannheim Steamroller Xmas lights video on YouTube
yeah :/ im definitely not going to win! hahah
Everything's all right, guys! This somebody is only one character cunning enough
“: Skeetones and Freekbot at the mousetrap this weekend. Hiyoo!” ya boy!! cc:
U be thinking like dat 2, u cant even lie.. Lol
did you know that 70% of house-hold dust is comprised of epidermal tissue?
above all the drama baby!
that text that u quoted ashlyn on
My life is awesome. I never want to change it
So fucking tired ......! Goodnight(:
LMFAO ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL you're framing all of these of tom's and i'm taking back the ones of dougie ALL YOU NEED IS TOM DADADA
I can give away, everything I possess But I'm without love then I have no happiness
Weekend without our guys friends,brothers,boyfriends,girlfriends, & all that extra? #BET ... but im still goin home to babe. lol
Right-wing Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker wants to "divide&conquer" unions&middle class families. That's not hyperbole-he actually said it!
WHAT?! How long are you going to be there for? RT : I'm on Columbias campus, where are you?
Used the version of the logo without the shadow on the new header on 's website... now it looks bad
Henry Street serves 50,000 New Yorkers every year. What will happen to them #WithoutHS? No college prep, no day care, no senior center.
Work than with and hopefully (;
Haven't been on twitter in a while srry ha
Don't judge people, or they will judge you right back.
Just got me appointment reminder emailed to me for my son next week. Love that! Thanks . Best DDS in OKC.
our ch. 5 test grades are on engrade.
Cool! “: I'll be making my official debut as a Workout Wednesday demonstrator for on this morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>”
lets hang out! We kind of, sort of, maybe have forever of catching up to do!
yeah it is! i hope he never changes <U+2665>
glad to see you are starting already should make for an interesting night.
It's "International Museum Day"! Time to visit a relic!
#Redsox opening day is less than 24 hours away! Who will be watching? Tweet us when you see our new commercial!
Stayed up for the djokovic - nadal match.
California Bullets <3 my new obsession! #smoed (:
I don't wanna get up yet! Good morning nonetheless.
Ugh. This morning's workout made me nauseous. Let's see how breakfast goes. :-p
Great speech ll!
"I took my troubles to the LORD; I cried out to him, and he answered my prayer." Psalm 120:1
had lost the password for this twitter, but recovered
Have a safe trip!
he had a great reh - go Terriers! RT : Good luck to #BU student Victor Cayres who performs w/Boston Pops tomorrow!
lol Jackson is always messin with Neal...Neal seems like an easy target, even Pop was makin jokes about him at the jersey auction lol
Excited to be joining the 'NFC Apps & Services' panel today at 10:45am MST at the Smart Card Alliance
Pepsi One is the grossest soda I've ever had.
Salute to the following in the fashion world;
Moody has filed for the House District 78 seat. I will give you an update on Moody's plans once I hear back from him.
RT : Sell the perfect Mother's Day gift? We're putting together a gift guide showcasing Create peeps & what they do. Tweet...
I don't know which I hate more-Jersey Shore or Kim K. Why are we as a society stooping so low to put them up on high pedestal? FACEPALMx1000
LMAO!!! You are dumb...only inside folk would get this.
I can't untill I get my hair down , it's going to look great.
sounds good have a good day
Stewart will end up on DL to start season. Zito will be ready for opening day.
Striving to become the next Mulan actress at Disneyland.
F4F ? RETWEET THIS FOLLOWERS HELP ME
give one of these lil basic females a pair of pearl earrings & she think she #marilynmonroe!
Classic Cars Calendar 2010 | Johnston Tinkers!
RT "Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann von Goethe
At Kellys with celebrating the holidays
RT i dont c it or hear it : I do . I always say something to you first !
I don't know the specs on Hirshhorn's Bloomberg Bubble, but I'm really hoping it can be popped by field trip kids shooting spitballs at it
That awkward moment You get glass in your vagina and you have to go to the nurse to get it out..
Homegrown team IB Posse takes first place for 2nd year in a row for a $5,000 purse, provided by Subway.
uh same here! I don't wanna drive or step outside in the hotness lol
No matter how bad your day seems, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.
How was RAC/TRAC? I'll be in Germany for the last four weeks of my summer working in Darmstadt.
see you at ABCA....booth 405!
you are the best, David. Much blessing to you.
hahaha, same old same old. Most efficient job EVER. Pfff
Te amo Jenni!! Your songs have so much meaning to me!! You have helped me through some hard times! Love you momma!
I hear that. I've been a fan for many many years. Red flag delay is cutting into my sleep time though.
i wanna go home...the aquarium its so pretty & blue n shit i <3 it
Please tell me why I just spent the last 45 minutes searching Taylor Swift songs on iTunes????
When I grow up, I wanna be an air hostess,
they are going to be at
the current lineup is #BushidoBlade #AriLennox hosted by
we aren't The Killers!
What's up #BBN? Tonight we find out who goes where. My opinion is Noels goes to UK and Muhammad goes to UCLA and Bennett to UK!
what's going on?
Also, in the spirit of the social environment , we're hashtagging #overheardatworkbar. Join the convo!
"Watching" that Hoyas loss on twitter just cost me bad bills in internet
(posted here b/c Twitter won't let me shift to my account)
hopefully i get to all the Up All Night House Party with my friends <3
Cheer louder!!!
RJ takes the Victory for Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse!!! First 1-2 victory! Outstanding! Free cookies the rest of the day at each Bakehouse
It's like Waiting for #Godot at
Those moments when I wonder why kids much worse then me gets better things and gets treated better...
unfortunately can't take credit for it
If yurr name iZ AMBER HOOD Hit my line
Thank you to for the great lunch recommendation. Pica Taco will definitely be a regular on my 14th St. rotation!
The day I signed up a server went down, took a week to fix and my site took minutes to load during a crucial time. Grrr…
Thanks! Perfect answer to the mystery.
amazing song!!
“: I miss my bestfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>” I miss my 2nd badass daughter. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
really hoping it doesnt rain later
Mobile app development is ready to take on the world with smart phones and tablets supporting the complex technologies
Duke = 1 and done
I still have 2hrs to go. Arghh.
Arigato! Thank you for helping spread the word about us!
Indeed! Where did the time go? RT U getting old woman! RT Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.
Interesting. From my experience with an entirely client side app in production, it's most emphatically not a unique case
Not as long as I have a uterus! Thanks for having my back
I'm a loud, crazy, open minded, and emotional girl. If you can't handle me, then you don't deserve me! :)
Buying my first car: 2011 Toyota Corolla S
So that's what they meant about Sessions being a defensive liability. Blerg.
New voice mail greeting,want2hear it dial2675882938
The truth hurts. But a lie is worse
How is everyone!!! Anyone open for photo shoots? just let me know! :) ill be happy to work with you!
Can geico really save u 15% on ur auto insurance? Did u just read this in that deep voice?
Lol I didnt notice it kept posting it
and that your girlfriend isn't there with you</3
Transitions, even if they are positive, require time for adjustment and acceptance. But all positive movement calls for celebration!
It was better than The Black Eyed Peas.
"Its not you its your pants.!" Lol. They got me LMFAO in indianapolis.!
Love chaining into my PJs - And its my favorite shirt!! YES!
Waiting in line to get a passport for my 3 year old. Word of advice: make an appointment. The line is excruciating.
it was yummy :b
Sounds great. I arrive tomorrow about 1pm--which day is good for you?
I'm at Clearwater beach, hell yeah
That's how she feel tho... Aight
Just not believeing that Lakers lost to Denver!!!
just random c:
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
hehe u guys talkin bout me
Well played against the Twitter monster.
Records Specialist Opportunity Available in corporation in Phoenix, AZ. 2 years of records management experience. Email me at katie.cybor…
It was fun. So good to see you this week!
Don't waste a ton of money on paid search -- use ad copy that matches the context of the search says,
TY for the follow, Elza! I had the pleasure of hearing you speak @ women in horror in Montreal. Looking forward to following...
you guys have to have your Anatomy of a Scene Donnie Darko episode somewhere, right? How can I see it/get a hold of a copy?
Our weekend with these two amazing sales continues. Hurry and get you orders in. :)
Film Lore, Dark 'N Stormies, &amp; Killer Prose: Black Clock 15 Reading at The ... - LAist
Humans should seek to impart and/or gain knowledge, not feelings or emotions....Locke
hi grandma!
My barbie dolls dated GI Joes...
giggling all night
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Nice video! Who produced it for you? And more importantly, who produced your hair?
Our Higher Power shows us how to be true step by step, as we are ready to progress. Each day we become more in touch with our real selves
You double check your door when you got back in it to drive ?LOL im still laughin at this.
any advice on where to get the most authentic Latin cuisine in the dc area?
People have been wondering that for 50 years.
I hope so!
Sounds like the cash for clunkers clunked - what is happening to us? More and more looking for handouts believing it is deserved
Do u have Instagram?
Longest train ever.
When you see her cursing at u and trying to act tough kiss her and tell her you love her<3
Jenny Bryan his room mate and his room mates freinds
13.1 didn't seem so bad. Just signed up for 26.2 in Oct - a bit less confident. Can't underestimate the support of my friends.
Fuck yall losers or just go win life
Shout out to all the guys still rocking them colorful ass dickies pants with the button up to match.
Oh. Still, though.
disagreed sir! girls do not poop!
Rep. Weiner resigning...can we please stop talking about it now?
My family had amazing #lifesavor dinner last night -- incredible food & service all to benefit ! Thx, Harvest!
Monday night Jam Session @ Nola's from 8pm-11pm with Jacques Lesure and friends. Located @ 734 E. 3rd St. La, Ca. 90013...
Bob Newhart~ Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
This place is awesome!
wish u were here!!! Really!!
But weren't those matchup problem types of series...this Pacers thing feels like something just a bit more disturbing.
“: Brushing your teeth in the shower > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>”
Thanks for helping us get the word out! :) You rock!
Hungry! RT : It's almost that time...Lunch Time! Pick 2: A slice of pizza Salad Panino Cup of soup + add a drink ($8.95)
When Is the best time to tell someone you love them? Before someone else does
Do you get through your to do list every day? Get busy by punching them in and seeing them done! W.iaminc.biz
Next time I'm on that side of the country I will.
I am so bored right now, slow day
Ron Dane!
I know how you feel! I <3 t-mobile but am tired of my berry and its antiquities... What's a girl to do!?!
nice blog post about pants on the ground
Attend this free webinar presented by HubSpot's VP of Marketing, Mike Volpe, to learn strategies for a successful website redesign
You better not quit. It's half the reason I wake up in the morning. The other half is telling my side of the story.
matze-ball-soup.
Rebrand Your Business in 2011 & Make it a Successful Year-Let Us Design & Print Your Marketing Materials www.print1media.com
#Badgers basketball vs. Ohio State, then hockey tonight! Fun day at the Kohl Center!
Lodge Team Six does work on the gift basket once again
Why is my shirt crunchy? Oh yeah... That's right...
A girl knows more about you than you think, especially if she likes you.
Do it. (Unless the question is whether you should spend more, in which case, yes.)
Who would win in one on one: Kobe 8 or Kobe 24?
Lmfao don't worry about it
i just wana get drunk!!!!!
We'll wait for a few until we gain a little more followers to follow everyone back. Sorry for the wait.
What up Scott? How you feeling? Getting strong I hope..
good job drita now u just need to sing with pitbull :)
Happy Mothers Day!
Let the writing begin!
Good lord that's like 5K
A good father's love for his children ALWAYS trumps the disappointments of the child
That is adorable...
Maybe it was Abraham Lincoln the whole time.
Rivers Cuomo? Erm..... 0_0 Hate to say it but it's not going to fly with stuff like Renoise and FL Studio
love your new picture:)
I'm mad I lost some of my followers cuz I couldn't follow back but it's cool follow me
I beat Joe regularly with my steel fly swatter. Maybe I should switch my play board. That's made of golden genius.
yes, in
Greeeaaattt. All Stars Tour isn't coming to Orlando )':
what's the point of staying up?
Oh the pressure! Being offered 400 bucks from #Syracuse fans for 2 tickets to the game tonight. That's double face value.
They're probably off hiding with mine, as I, too, am in search of them for reasons-to-be-disclosed-in-the-near-future
Reading what you tweet also shows how intelligent you are!
Drs appointments today, hope fixed soon, wanna workout again, have 2 start all over,
And I have to go cover at the other shop on Friday now. God dammit. That just ruined my week.
slowly approaching reality.
dont over bid the highest buyer.. lol its good where its at now.. just promoting it.. go check the auction.. thats legit lol :x
excellent show in Mad.town. Congrats on a great sold out tour how were 's cupcakes?
Relaxing before I have to shoot the Queencity Drag Race
Day 2 of the AT&T #MobileAppHackathon. Who's here?
I love when me and my sister get along , but i could beat the breaks off her ass sometimes ..
Tonight on InterChange, future of mining in WI, injunction on the Voter ID bill; and, Horowitz's commentary on Romney. On MPTV 10 at 6:30.
Get your tickets now at any Harry Buffalo or www.cagestars.com. We are anticipating a sell out crowd so don't be left out!
Budweiser platinum = oxymoron.
Preferably a coma (;
hahaha I told my mom and she was just like "... I don't give a shit." she doesn't understand. :o
I really don't care if nobody gets me. God gets me, and that's all that matters.
What the h-e-double-hockey-sticks, New Orleans? You hide all the good records before I got here? Sheesh.
Thankfully, bc I have a new standard of counting calories, the McDonalds I just ate will help me lose weight!
Ok let's see if you can actually get me home today... Yesterday was miserable
Stim the elbow
you tweet more than me!
Hawks man all day
really appreciate it bro<3 It's people spreading the word like that helps us the most
Calling all Chicago business leaders: encourage everyone on staff to step away from their computers & take stroll outside today!
No Wild Wednesday today, due to Dia de los Ninos. We'll be back with the gaming next week!
Good for #Bills getting Mario. It was fun to see the AFC-E balance of power shift last year in the opening weeks, like to see it continue
I'm sorry, twitter. I forgot about you today!
I couldn't sleep because I was in pain, so I took painkillers. I guess I took too many and now I can't sleep because I'm nauseated.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
When your cat steps right on your new piercing<<<
coconut milk chocolate ice cream, yes.
Yeah, I think Auntie Rosemary must have sold her soul to the devil for that boy!
sign your damn contract! u make millions man. look at what u have for a sec
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening
Cool! Go
PUT ME IN IRAQ I TAKE OVER SOON AS POSSIBLE... PUT ME IN AFRICA THE WORLD BECOMES AN DON-GEN IM IN THE UNTIED STATES IM AM THE HOLY WATER
from Brandon Norris Who wants to come over and play magic after the show?
Bout to go lift
Oh thanks fox, you'll really be back to tell us all about the caucuses and primaries when no candidate is actually talking? Gee thanks.
Your hair looks cute. I'm on KIRO now.
The people in Wal-Mart are really weird...
Finally Sage went down for a nap... Time to bury my head in a pillow!
it's wiener time!!
hi A&E, come and follow me too!
R.I.P silkie Dee...
Its a hipster mob here at woodruffs in depot town Ypsilanti Michigan
Hey, John! I had a great time at the Web Star workshop at ACS on Friday! Really great information! Thanks!!!
when are you going to be signing at Baltimore Comic Con on Saturday?
New Blog Post!!! Back in the Day Bakery Savannah, GA. Delicious Sweets Galore!
I'm good for whenever!! But I heard BG runs a tight ship #gottaaskbigdaddy. :P
you have too much to do to work an unpaid internship.
Happy National 8th Note Day!
/Frantically refreshing email inbox
If you ever wonder how many shades of gray there are, come to
Sheittt. I hate school.
let's test again
ima cry, i miss jason. ugh. wtf.
REALLY. And it turns out they've got about a dozen solid jams. Where were these guys?
So sleepy. Gotta b up in 4 hours
That was Vincent Van Gogh, by the way.
Being great starts by being fearless; Fearless starts by having faith; Having faith starts by letting go. It's hard, but not impossible!
I survived the end of the world.
I'm good. Don't know of a band. And-thanks 4 the RT:) Hey man, how are you? Do u know any good brazilian band?
Omgeeee horrible peerformance I feel sorry for
Kudos to ; a burgeoning iconoclast breathing new life into old bones of several intriguing niches I adore...
Great to see you on here, too!
It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source
"That dress has seen more red carpets than an Irish lesbian" I love Fashion Police!!
I really hope papas is feeling okay. Tomorrow is a new day and it'll okay!
I love driving behind old people. You can get so much done: eat breakfast, lunch and dinner, read a book... write a book.
Glorieta for the night.
follow me follow me tweet tweet follow me follow me
hahaha. I'd be on the news "young black girl crashed in school parking lot by trying to just turn on the radio"
Had a good workout :)
I'm not even mad about that pimple! That was awesome!!! Ik I'm gross!
It's my #1 pet peeve. My rule of thumb...don't make eye contact. With anyone. Then promptly place ear buds in ears : )
Why do you doubt me..
I love
I am so much better than you it is not even funny. Call me and let's talk about who is better. 414-429-3973 - Dare you!
LinkedIn is the old relative who doesn't know how to talk to you, so just asks you canned questions about school subjects. :)
biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased.
Don't come on me like that with "so weird" only two words be a big girl and tell me what's you are on about
OMgg ! history is drivingg me crazy !! -.-
No homework :D
"You know your pillow without a pillow case? It looks like a bandage from the Civil War." - Tom Papa
Cheap apartments for sale in Miami-Ft Lauderdale are < $ 50.000
great start to the weekend with
Filipino ladies need to dress more age appropriate...
Sweatpants, pizza, Bridesmaids and wine. Shaping up to be a nice Saturday night.
thanks! the post installation tasks are working well. Working on installing all Windows updates via a script
alrighty! I'm down to party anytime!
so happy for your new addition!!!
I agree! I just feels weird especially when what I am reading is online or in a ebook!
UNF I want a late night hookup this summer. And a warped your hookup. Legit.
CJ DID SOMETHING GOOD.
Shades of gray in grammar rules
Love those who hate u.... Hate noone
Hello world! This is #badart society coming to you live and in color from Houston!
RT : follow -- <U+25BA> <U+25C4> entertaining, funny, inspiring & not afraid to speak the truth follow me
My mom is now a fan of Hahaha.
: we're getting tickets to the Kem/Jill Scott concert @ chastain . Getting a table for 6. Wanna go?
Hachette author dinner--first up is Brooke Gladstone of OnTheMedia, & author of fantastic The Influence Machine. She's delightful.
: You just might... we all know how lucky you are! :)
Omg. Help me.
did we forget ? Nashville next weekend !! Tootsie's next Saturday, show times TBA !
I not mad at you :))
what burger place is it from?
seriously it's not!!
A false dichotomy, that is divisive.
Some people are just going through the motions. Not even present in their own lives
Yea ima be famous watch hahaha
Sorry, I didn't mean THE Doctor, but if I had, I definitely would have avoided the game.
Way low! Don't know how people can understand communication science today w/o using the communication tools themselves.
go oregon ducks go 31-49
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are."
that's awesome, I might have to try that with my kids!
you won't be saying that at school ! You know you love me ALEX <3 . Ctfu .
Idk I used to be able to think positively lately
ArchitectureLan thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Why isn't my timeline loading
Wish I had some ice cream. Specifically, Rocky Road. Specifically, in shake form.
2nd yr in a row we are voted a #1 least hazardous & "excellent" UVA protection by EWG. A fact we are really proud of!
tear apart the very fabric of music AND the space/time continuum.
are u still active?
a lot of sites also let you put in your own age which can easily be fudged.
move to az they barely got grass
Your stupid af. Get out.
The Heat makin The Knicks out here lookin like pen valley
New AVR logo shirts are in! We'll have them for sale at the upcoming shows for $12 or just ask us and we'll get you one!
I use it for both too ! Thanks for sharing with me!
"How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All" ~ Firesign Theatre.
Starting to use at work. So far so good. Particularly impressed with their twitter activity, actually. (Hiya!)
check you out, tweeting! way 2 go. now we just need to get 2 join the party!
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Hey , I made banana pancakes!
cheesecake factory with my bestieee. awww. we had cheesecake
Stanford band rocks..
Catching a cloud finna write some music
My Partner Just Say He $200 On The L.A FAKERS Tonight??? That Krack Must Got To Him Again
i wish my boyfriend went to this school.
burn it with fire!
Some say I'm needing some rest
all I will say dear is enjoy those wristbands :)
Thank you for all the hugs, prayers, and kind words. I have the best friends in the world.
Your arrogance is really starting to piss me off
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland! give me your email & i'll send u more info on the concert
I like it(;
Love Maroon 5!
We did ok two nice size dolphin
Jason derulo really shouldn't sing and dance at the same time.
I'm here now dig!!!
i need some me time
#wahsingtondc,Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis is now on click for 50% off tickets, you wont find this deal anywhere!!!!
So jealous, I live for OB Pizza Port! Give me some Pepperoni Pizza and a pitcher of Chronic and leave me there! Enjoy! :)
Well it was a little more expensive. Didn't get the data plan either.
looking forward to your presentation tomorrow Summit.
That awkward moment when someone is listening to your iPhone music, and then that one song you know your not supposed to like is playing.
Why is the damn newspaper calling me?
#wmc #secondthatemotion RT : #wmc, no question. RT : What should we do in Miami this year: Ultra or WMC?
Lord Justice Jackson set to have operation The judiciary has released a statement that Jackson, who has been appointed to lead a review i
Haha, no. Awesome! Tx
'Janet,& Cynthia were teeing off, but Cynthia was taking Xtra long time...' READ ON! @> www.ICUGolfStories.com #Best Possible #Golf #Shot!
Well, it's been a long hard road to victory, Pac. And by long, hard road I mean enduring the nat'l anthem and the halftime show
Happy May! Today kicks off the Eat Wild Challenge. We also have Chlorophyll on sale! $1.00 off! Pick up a bottle this month!
i can accept that
aww well thank you so much!! :) really really appreciate it!!!
Check out all of the books by and If you like Flynn and Thor, you will like them
Hi there! Haven't enjoyed any silliness with you for awhile.
TGIF2u+all these peeps!
thx to both of you & & for being there. my fully augmented network. ;)
Yeah Phillies! Go Halladay! Looking forward to a great season!
Can't wait! RT With Wei-Yin Chen & Stephen Strasburg both going today, that pair should oppose each other on Sunday, O's vs. Nats
so sorry for your families loss, Caroline.
Money Saving Tip #45: Keep an idea notebook in your pocket.
That's not fair...
That was hard to text lololol
that looks about right :)
Dear classroom teachers, remember that art teachers will only see each class 2-3 more times this yr. Don't take any classes away.
Don't worry, #pricemobsters, we're workin' hard to bring u the best deals! Soon, the high prices will be swimming with the fishes.
will you please follow me I try so hard day to get notice by u and it would mean the world to me if you would follow me <3333
People watching like its my job...lol easy work day. (:
Another A M A Z I N G workout. I need more personal training. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
glad to hear only one on every radio! Congrats man, miss the days searching for your mixtapes! still will, c'nt lose gd music.
Thanks but I'm over it. I mean, I'm not gonna let it get to me forever. Haha, that probably sounds bad.
Go to sleep dork! We need you well rested for this album. Can't wait to hear it!
lol no much bigger. Maybe I can set up outside Wal-Mart
me haven't hit anything lately lol I'm ready tho haha
Speakers are lined up, special brews are brewing, summer time is here! I can't wait for August!!!
Thanks for the #FF, Anne! Have a fantastic weekend. :)
#EXPECTtheUNEXPECTED!! RT : Congrats to and the for advancing in
#FF Check these great supporters of ROCK!
hope you r ok and can enjoy the wedding. Congrats to your sister!
could you make it so you can adjust the positioning of the button? My theme doesn't play well with it atm
BOOM! Elite Eight, bitches!
Just saw TinTin in 3D. It was a lot of fun!
probably not depends on the time.
"Milk spill" - cracked a smile from Boehner - finally
Harry's the flirt, Liam's the sweet one, Niall's the adorable one, Louis' the funny one, and Zayn's the rebel. Put it all together=PERFECT.
Join us for Palm Sunday celebration at Zion. Special message entitled "Dissed in Death."
What's a pleasure watching all my 4 grandkids playing with each other.
It's great to have enthusiastic student advocates here again from !
Thanks!! That's fabulous. Such an important & timely topic
Right, they could luck their way into a WS win last year. But the best way to win a WS is consistent playoff appearances.
May have a couple hours free between lunch and heading to the airport. Any Austin peeps free?
we would all be screwed.....
thank you for the RT!
Get your business noticed! is offering 10% first month social media campaign that starts by Feb. 1.
Follow back? (:
Sweat pants Thursday!
Great UMA lunch with Professor Blanchard today!
#SHA Conference coming up, presenting on Thursday & trying not to snarl at my "I can help you with graphics" husband for not helping much.
#solid lol they cant see
Niggas trying to get me emotional #fuck not when I'm drunk
Couldn't agree more! RT : Jamie Oliver | A food revolution would save our health care system so much. It's called prevention.
Custom Website Promo, $500 Bucks get you a custom 8 page website with CMS dashboard built in to make live edits anytime
No doubt. Let's make some memories next year.
I'm cold -___-
Rock of Ages of Man
never debate breakfast just eat it! There's always a late lunch
are you a jogger? Because you've been running through my mind ALL DAY.<U+2764>
lmao go to it with Joe! Anyone can go you don't need tickets
I will always love you great-grandma Viva, no matter where you are I won't forget u, and I know u will be watching over me! #loveyouforever:
did u mean 2 send that 2 me? And does it have anything 2 do w/ Blaine & fried chicken?
N.O. history!!!
7pm at 501 E Chase. St francis academy.
Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin..
Yeah it's funny watching you dance like lil John RT : can we have a campfire every night :)
just missing your fabulous makeup skills on my shoots!
Nirvana was my 2nd choice, very sweet shoes. We should exchange shoe pics :D
I got 5 on it.
Yes. Thx. Wasnt sure it was on campus ... danke
Then again, Cal might just go ahead and lose just before they play SMC.
can we reserve tables and bring in a cake for a birthday party we are having there on the 30th?
I hope so bro! I'll let u know what they say. And ill be hitting u up soon so we can make the clean version of the EP!
So grateful for those placed in my life...and for these moves we're about to make! You smell that...yup...money definitely has an aroma!!
RT for a shout out(:
Female Who Smell Good ...
Giving an Alma demo in Toronto! Osgood Hall is gorgeous.
My sources are now telling me a trade is coming. a BIG trade. Wow!!!!!!!!!!!
It's fascinating to watch the sign language translator; what an expressive language :-)
Again I did not do my homework. :P i'm going to summer school. :P
Thanks for RT'ing the opportunity to earn $10 for Chess-in-the-Schools while creating your holiday cards !
S/O to for being a really good friend and for being my favorite ginger
glad you enjoyed the summit. we were happy to get great responses on priorities for
thanks for following.
Almost done with work for this semester. Then...party time
Feisty Veterans vs Youngsters tonight in Celtics/76ers matchup. Will KG play as well as he did Thurs night? So many questions....
Parents divorced, tho act like together. Kid suspended/school & at Dad's GF house, gets killed. Takes them 3 days to find out
This is really bothering me
If I could dream at all it would be about you…
Who else thinks the new logo is the stupidest thing since ?
He's kind of pushing me to my limit and its starting to get old
Is that Balmain? She looks fly!!!!!!
Just saw your blog entry as a RT- Looks Awesome! Can't wait to see it in class tomorrow. Sorry my pages were so hard to deal with.
So whats up?(:
how much ?
take on Boston at 1pm today. Stop by the for lunch and check it out on 52 big screens!!
I'm jealous and so is my camera.
Tony Allen (former #Celtic) bothering Chris Paul
Shishito peppers ! So good!!!
I thought i had no homework this weekend. Leave it to Dr. Sage to prove me wrong.
indeed. time gets to us all alas....
Austin pleasee follow me I love you (:
Found a great colorist--Vance Crofoot. Has made our film look like a million bucks! What a talented guy.
Watch the Throne. Niggas.
I'm watching your special right now with my wife fucking hilarious. When u comin to Boston again
I'm sure he didn't
If you don't jump you'll never know if you can fly...
family dinner?
I'm out of 'bitch' for right now
Rt -> U like me
Damn its about to fuckin rain!!!
Jesus. Brain-to-mouth filter in disrepair, I guess. And really only a half-truth. You're interesting looking AND super pretty.
My 5 year old daughter is obsessed with Pocahontas and there are no Pocahontas things to buy, not like the Disney princesses
Liverpool fightin for that 8th place EPL finish against Chelsea's B-squad
Opening sequence to MI: Ghost Protocol: you are awesome.
Spent 20 mins looking for my other slippers my lil girl hid from me...
Love is not just defined by how you feel but what you cherish and adore that endures with constant bliss.
#lrnchat is there a concern in social learning that a group alpha may dominate and drag group off track
ME PLUS YOU (now you'll be thinking in your head, "Imma tell you one time")
LUV U :D
Yahoo news. Couldn't get my news any other way.
Tell him we all know he's a total twat anyway.
yes LMFAO who else would txt u that ?
see you both again soon for our collab #3d scanning project!
I see your a Mac user, any suggestions for using photoshop?
To focus only thing on my mind is God, school, success, and ways to make/get to the money
Not sure about easter dinner? For the first time we will open on both floors. Easter "sunday supper" ham or lamb red potatoes, minted peas.
it's all good in the hood. can't complain..whats up wit u?
How do you feel about the fact that libraries won't be able to lend an e-book version of
Thank you for everything you do for us and everybody
I don't even know what a advocatjdk is
your welcome . Happy Valentines Day ! :D
About to record vocals for new demos!
many thanks for the newsletter. Congratulations on Porch House feature in Details!
Need a growth spurt? A daily dose of Luke 2:52 will help you grow intellectually, physically, spiritually, & relationally.
Just making dreams come true. No big deal!
congrats on Just Be My Lady!!! Guys deserve it!
please follow mee <U+2665>
love u bitch
Thanks to the ladies at this morning for the excellent chai & cinnamon roll I could not have gotten through the morning w/out it!
The Summer Set announce their Fall Tour line-up & dates! Visit myspace.com/thesummerset
yep. Character development not tied well in to story - or not there Especially Johnny Lee Miller & Chloe Moretz.
I hate ppl who say their ICONiacs but not true ones!!
Love the 90+ wine dinner mention - got a link that works? Thanks!
Will Ferrell & Jimmy Fallon together makes me giggle so so hard
Ordering chinese food and watching a ridiculous movie on #besteasterever!!
Please follow if you're into drug knowledge and revolution. One of my favorites on my TL:-)
should bring lunch to my job since he's so close now!!!
Gladiators Cage Fighting returns to WI State Fair Park Sat, Nov 7th. Six Title Fights! 20+ bouts! Reserve tickets today (414) 967-7767.
Excited to hear Sen. Dan Coats today! Thank you Schmidt Assc for having me.
Person most likely to turn on Fox News on 1 of the only TVs at the #gym? Dude w/ the hairiest shoulders.
your city council! Can't spell? Where u go to school
Going out with the father :).
Life with #Perl is like a box of chocolates, you never know what crazy $#!+ other devs will have sprinkled throughout the codebase --
S/O to for being a stranger.
you're late for work....hahah “: The security lines at atl airport are off the hook. Legit 45-1h waits. Wow”
I love that people keep coming up with different ideas, perhaps been done before, but at least different and passionate
BIG REAR END LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So..... Just found out my dad is graduating college tomorrow. Nice!
I know! Things are well same old stuff. How are you how are the girls?
Could it be any nicer outside?!
you won't even text you brother back! Not even mom.
Every time she closed her eyes
yeah .. We'll go with that one. Lol
The enemy cant afford to let you in why? You have the ability to reach millions with one song and voice the truth sowed inside you by Pastor
i wanted a bagel and there is no creme cheese or bagels left wth -.-
Minus 100lbs including the weight of the beard. Haha.
was amazing!!!! Much <3
": Let's Go Rangers. They need to come out in 3rd like they did in 1st and don't stop! #NYR">>Yes, yes, yes!!
who am I kidding. I love my babies...
Hacking new pathways to progress will always require pioneers with an immunity to having arrows in their back.
"Twitter is about friendship, charity, faith, peace and love." COMING SOON #TwitterMovie www.riley'sfortune.com
got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
whenever mentioning big data, I prefer to write it out in all capital letters. "BIG DATA" sounds more substantial than wimpy "big data"
you've doubled my followers. this is getting intense.
Hello SAH thanks so much. Really appreciate ur response 4 FREE Ebook. All best to you.
is high as the sky
Calypso running.
": U can't tell nobody you CHANGED u gotta prove & show them u CHANGED"
Today’s the day! We’re ready for the deluge of Baltimore Community Fellowships applications!
Typical symptoms of Pink Eye are redness, itching or burning and a crusty, goopy discharge that makes your eyes stick shut when you wake up.
Sunshine is a luxury, just to see another day is enough for me
Ah its raining and thundring and im in a sun room and i am craving CHEESE..!!!!!
great, dm me your address :-)
Shout out to for purchasing a sperantsa hat!! Thanks for the support!
it stretches us spiritually
"Your brand is the truth about you, well told." -Harry Beckwith
Why should I stay at the bottom of a well, when a strong rope is in my hand? ~ Rumi
Your money is yours and any government that wants more from you for their wasteful spending is not working for you.
Thanks for the RT!
hahahaha.. I am too!!! Hahahahahaha.. that was funny. Different cultures with different language barrier! Lol lol
What an AWFUL Sunday night football game. Wow. Let's hope the #Chiefs don't get steamrolled tomorrow night.
Sexy brunette girl next door coming to new orleans ! Check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Invite your followers to join you in the #SalesSuccess chat. Retweet (RT) the following…
Straight up and down: If you make music and don't love Bad Brains, get the fuck out of my life. You know nothing.
Okay, I forgive you. FOR NOW.
watch the vid!!!!
Helping Des Ark and Pygmy Lush book their spring tour. It's going to be phenomenal.
#today was amazing :-)
It can be nice to just relax! RT : i only have 2 things planned for this week. kind of excited to be on a slower pace this week.
Heads up! Our 50 millionth downloader will receive a lifetime individual subscription to all SSRN networks. Tell your friends!
Can't wait to be eating dinner and playing games and sipping coffee and reading books and riding bikes and doing yardwork with my family.
Thanks man! And we are not signed!
RT : NFL scheduling Thurs seminar for negotiators to learn new rules, obvious necessary step. NFLPA needs to do same with agents
Wish I was as cool as and drank during class..
Guess i iron an get ready for work & quit watchin Jeremy Kyle dis nigga off da chain.
So I thought i liked you, I hate you. :D
Dumb baserunning mistake by Avila should have stopped at third
thank you so much!
F4F #TeamFollowBack #AutoFollowBack i need some followers! help us out?:(
I LOVE u. Thank u for guiding me my ENTIRE life. #100%
It's on: Starting Fri, July 1st, the SPCA of Wake Co (NC) is waiving the entire adoption fee for cats aged 2 yrs and up. Let's save lives!
Casual drinking before o staff training tomorrow. #casual?
A little slice of heaven that's secretly stashed away. on
Internetpreneur interested in helping people get real business including:Social Media Marketing,
all I gotta say is
My tears are dry... I'll be another Amy whinehouse the way this is affecting me... WTF?
I wish my life was the way it was before I met you. Now all I ever do is think of how much I like you.<3
“: thanks for the follow! A good resume is essential for good business.”where u do business??
congrats to NF Suzanne! What an honor!!!!
Hope you enjoy yourself but LETS GO BUCCOS
33 mining vs bad aggressive Canadians for profit
good follow shane.
Saturday concert night with and Big shouts to Sarah and Brit and Amy and Laura
Florida Gator shirts are like Lacoste shirts on roids.
Let me know if you're going and want to split a room.
Trayvon's Murderer Should Have Been Arrested & Investigated As Soon it Happened. But that's not the case. The Power was given to the People.
I stopped watching "Glee" after episode 1 of season 3.
lol u too sweets!
The general rule of thumb is,"If you are asking the question, it's been too long."
Online Course:How to Start and Operate your own Home-Based Business - now updated for Canada! www.thehome-office.com The HBB expert, Helene
What?!? New tires already? Boo...
Who runs ? It is awesome.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 End Of 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Yay today at my cross country race I got 2 see my old coach and her new baby
Follow my Dad. It's his birthday! He's a bodybuilder, physical therapist, personal trainer & new Grandfather to a little girl!
Thanks for sharing your find. Wallis Bird sounds great! Too bad her second album isn't downloadable in the US (yet?).
OK CLT, ticket booked!
guys! would you like to work on a website?
Blair waldorf is so dumb! Id always choose chuck.
At what point did I stop caring what I look like when I leave the house? bite me t-shirt, black stretch pants & pink garden shoes. Sexy.
ready for the weekend already.
It's only been hours since my run and I'm already
#Wenyoubouttohavesex in the person scared to cut on the light wtf u scared for lol.
I will never treat a girl wrong . "I promised that and i haven't broken a promise yet"
Democratic fundraiser Norman Hsu will plead guilty to 10 counts of wire/mail fraud.Made illegal donations 2 Hillary Clinton. www.msnbc.com
i need a new tv
Computer is down, needs recovery. Darn! Wanted to write this weekend.
man i love blue jolly ranchers
The saga is ridiculous! Rodgers is a stud...& remember Favre at peak was stonepimp! You don't remember MJ as a Wiz!
I try... What's wrong anyways? Ain't no dude worth all that moping around
Thanks to the many folks who helped make the 2012 Community MLK Celebration a success!
Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker. We need to run run run tonight!!
Im jye hungry..wat should i eat for breakfast.
At kilwins best store ever:)
I need new people to text
We sure do. Let me know if you want more info.
I think so!
I go into pet stores and knock on the glass to wake up puppies. That's what I do for fun.
Free class May 23rd! Spots fill up fast. Who is ready to reserve their place in this intro?
If 20 is the new 40, cocaine and waffles is the new gin and juice.
Freshbooks is great - have never had a problem with them either.
follow back please? [: ~Dannah
hahhahahha!!!! thanks :D
I hate waitin on people
congrats on making the team! well deserved (:
Thanks for the RT John! That was a TV "classic moment". Almost as good as the time Howard Cossell's toupe was pulled off! ;0)
was at seeing 's Naked Before God. Good stuff. Funny, surprising. Congrats to all involved.
you never cease to make me smile... :)
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Hey, Tweeps, please help me with my DnD campaign. I need some creative names for fantasy kingdoms/realms/territories. And....go!
Still eating this cake from yesterday. I managed to give almost half to my sister. That still leaves me eating half a cake.
I sure wish this lounge singer could do something other than John Mayer. It's so bad, I'd rather hear John Mayer!
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Seder? There's an app for that! Just found an iPhone Haggadah
Thanks John for the shout-out about guest post on your site!
thank you. Almost there. Ready for the SUMMER! Looking forward to you're new movie! Good luck back to ya!
fuckin' gutsy is the Onion
Also caught episode of web series, Diary of a Single Mother, must-see web viewing.
Does Kyle Pratar also play basketball? Nevertheless, I still love my Cats.
Just have a great life and be happy <3 oh and remember those that love you :)<3
So lucky bro. I have a couple weeks left.
that was mean. You've had it out for him from beginning. Respect an artist. You wouldn't do that to Jay Z!
Thanks for checking up on me..oh wait.
I was looking forward to the Kyle Boller reunion tour for 2012. LOL! The bad news Carrie Boller doesn't come here as well
#TheWholeWorldIsWatching originated spontaneously at the 1968 Dem Convention in Chi, because it was true right then and there.
Lmao 1 thing I'll never miss about the South: The stench of a girls breath w/ multiple gold/capped teeth on a hot Summer's Day
On my way to school :/!
NaLee a mysterouly sexy brand new mermaid fantasy!!!! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
RT How My Voice Went Silent by NPR's Richard Harris. n.pr/zj1bPI
has about 5 false start premature tweets
I love it, too. Interesting about the human body!
This is epic! Let's go Boonen!
dear mke lawyer who hit my car, you are not above the law. your biz card doesn't equal insurance info.
Bob Dylan in the morning makes for an A+ day :)
trust me, i feel the same way. But the people are fam and i dont have the sowda to deal wit them
The FAU Owls v. FIU BB game. FAU booed when they announced Isaiah Thomas as Head Coach of the Panthers. I predict FAU by 5.
Chai tea, sleep & a long day tomorrow.
Thanks for the add! :)
packers forgot to run the 2 minute drill. gah.
Going to be making some big moves with the homie over the next few weeks
Hey, How Is Everyone Doing??
Glass of wine and
Agreed on all fronts. I was hoping he would come out motivated and destroy last night. If he wins, this dies down.
CA is too partisan; can't solve problems “: Nathan Fletcher made nat headlines for going non-partisan."
Many thanks Holly. Have a great day.
Awfully gutsy move by Shanahan to suspend Claude Giroux. Superstar. Best offensive player left in the playoffs. But deserved the suspension.
Ugh I hate commercials. I was so into this movie smh lol
Now she decides to answer her phone
One overriding life theme, to preach the gospel, caused Paul to present himself differently in different situations. 1 Corinthians 9:16-23
Camp 2011 coming to a close, Fun Time!!
Great! Looking forward to it.
you got it silly!
Lost my mother in law at latitudes in RR. Checked the restroom, didnt see her... She was in the mens.
Can't please everyone.
watching tv haha . I'm bored :D
Excited to see an "unconference" session at #presconf. Everyone is welcome to join us in Baltimore at our unconference on Dec 2!
Is it black or dark blue? It almost looks like a French flag.
iPhone on top dam every thang else
Great pictures. Do you have that printing equipment at Bath Spa Uni?
Do not be timid? What if you do fail, and get rolled in the dirt. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
I will miss my show Khloe and Lamar :(
Thank you so much! Happy New Year to you as well--I hope it's your best year yet filled with so much happiness!
Quite possibly the best Thursday EVER. =)
Hitachi Steak. Perfect. Thank you.
when are you having another shoe drive? This time you should give out Twins tickets to the winner.
I know this is dumb, but i desperattely miss my blackberry bold
Mondays are shit.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I don't care how bad you loss to the your the
how've you been, its been a little while
thanks for checking!
viva cuba forever happy valentino day
If #birthcontrol makes u a prostitute, then most women are whores. Call me names if it means I'm a healthier mom! Wheres my #whore tshirt?
Proud of u guys
reading ur book...so Renee Hardy stole $83K from you and you didn't do anything? What? Forgive and forget???
Thanks, you two! Hope all is well. I'm writing City of Ghosts right now--trying to make my deadline!
They are illogical & ignorant bastards...just saying
Here we go dog...adorable. Love the plug for rescue dogs at the end.
The day I get married and have kids gone be the two best days ever
Severely demented parishioner who went missing this evening has been found. Thanks be to God.
Employees shouldn't have to check their views at the door.
Why'd you ask how long your penis would be if you were a guy then.? xD
Having Santorum for President would be a humiliating kick in the crotch to 21st century civilization.
I'm at 199 followers. It would be the most awesome thing ever if was my number 200!!
"And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow"
PLEASE COME AND MEET ME AT SIX FLAGS I WOULD LOVE TO MEET YOU! <WeMissAustin!>
its a loong week ahead o' me. blunts, yelawolfs, pipes, bongs, brownies, cakes, pies, etc.
Enough Jamie Lannister screen time already.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
are you suggesting I take notes? I'm gonna have to re-think my whole game plan after your first story!
This is as good as it gets
HAHA yeah I get that a lot. :)
Coffee. It's an Alterra kind of morning.
im tired of everything , this summer needs to come by faster .
Thanks for the follow and your constant updates.
#Spanish party tonight! Do you know "Feria de Abril" from the southern region? *Casa de Espana* is hosting an incredible authentic feast
What an amazing organization you have. Congratulations on having such an awesome job! So glad to stumble upon you.
great. Thanks a lot :)
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water. - Ivy Baker Priest
Way to show the drunken mother not paying attention to her or someone's child
Sake tasting
I lived in Colo Spgs near NORAD. At night, I could only hear the sound of fighter jets circling in the air space.
The airport is a people watchers
As much as I dislike walking home in the rain, I do love thunder storms
Thank you for voting us as Best Website Design in the Shepherd Express Web Design Awards! www.brewcityonline.com
Just arrived in SF, but phone thinks I'm at LAX. Looked out the window of the plane to confirm I didn't get on wrong flight
I bench Ichiro for Reddick and Ichiro hits two home runs in two games. Ugghhh.
Soo, this morning i got to wake up to something really weird, my boyfriend cheated on me(: Great Day!(:Gonna have a good day,game later!<U+2665>(:
BMo quotes shameless plug thnks buddy lol RT : I might have 10k if my tweeting game was as strong as
Recognize what you have, don't lose your star because you were chasing after the extra's
no problem! ;) thanks for following us!
it's not a tail if it attaches in the front.
And by the way, welcome back to those people i havent seen in 11 months.
Tackling problems &#39;down there&#39;
At Mass today I was drawn to 2 Timothy NOW I SEE WHY.
loved your doc! So good..recommending it to people tomorrow!!
u busy ?
you go to private school?
Working on a new tumblr to bookmark my museums/art/activism links and ideas. More to come.
Good to know. Am thinking about moving to the subscription model. Not sure though.
Awesome! RT Our team is completing some final tests & you will be our first promo badge to go out on APPCityLife!
I do occasionally have moments when I wonder if I've completely lost my mind, but somehow that sensation always passes
Maybe we moving to fast but fuck it lets crash.
Thanks to everyone who submitted answers for our survey! The winner of the $50 in Routledge books is ! Congrats! We'll DM with info.
I loved the bow!
I want my two dollars!
Hashtag your shit in a comment and you will get likes!
Follow me on GIFBoom. [Caitlynn_Salazar] I'll follow you back.
do u like rivalries to be played on a campus or neutral field?
Lessons in marketing:
The University of Arkansas staff was friendly and helpful! From advising to admissions to financial aid, all was great!
Holy Cow where did today go?! Superproductive Woman is my name! Now to my personal emails...
Happy Saturday !!
I'm in love with this weather. It makes me feel like I'm back in Chicago.
XD pshh ya know ya missed this guy XD
hahaha how old r u now
what did Sapp do?
Chillin with my bro, makin plans for the summer time.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like? -Jean Cocteau
Don’t forget to wear loose, comfy clothes when you visit us! ;)
you're welcome
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh he's old.
At belle isle getting ready for tonight's show
Fuckin beat! Nice workout
Happy Birthday :D
"A manager shud stay as far away from his players as possible,I dont know if i said 10 words 2 FrankRobinson while he played 4 me EarlWeaver
Luckiest guy in the whole wide world. Two women w looks + brains. I might have to play the lotto today... |
The season of #Trueblood almost over... WAH ):
$220 dollars already made. Please keep donating!!! Thank you once again to all the fans out there
Do u have an eyePhone? Mine has a reminders app & I use it for a daily one.
Thats your man but he fuckin the whole raleigh including your friends
First angry rejected artist/writer email today - we are officially a real journal!
i luv my fellaz.. but the ladiez r more fun 2 look at....
Also, this release means any of the 200+ who got a keycode at BADCamp last weekend are good to sign up. :)
and Happy Mothers Day to all the other wonderful mothers out there! :)
Today will be a unique Family Night because we will make ID cards your children for the Child ID Program. See you later!
It's official!!! Motorhead added to the 2012 Mayhem Festival Lineup. This is gonna be huge!!!!
no way
#fall showed up today.
I just #love the word "whatsoever"
give me more forewarning and the first round of drinks is on me. If I'm in NYC before then, I'll drop in!
Don't you mean Just Do It?? :)
Nobody has it easy, everybody has their own problems. So before you start judging people, remember everybody is fighting their own war.
Crying doesn't mean your weak,it just means you've been strong for to long <3 last quote for tonight guys<3u :D let's get me to 600 tomorrow
the panic in Rick Perry's eyes when asked about his disbelief of climate change was pretty satisfying
time for Top CHef!
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
Wishing everyone a strong finish to the semester!
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's my baby's bdayyyy I love you so much <3 <3 I will sing to you.... Just a warning
Thanks -- had a lot of good questions that got me thinking about how to give context for what we're trying to do.
what happened?
No one can compare.
Bitches are gonna get fucked up today Cheergirl<333
call me or check your texts before going back.
+1 RT : "Making fun of Wikipedia is so 2007." French journalist via Sue Gardner.
is sewing while intoxicated.
I think this LU tour guide is scaring the visitors away..
Done w/ home & garden show. Time 2 work on my home & garden. Could'nt have picked a better sd day 2 do it!
Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
I don't think I've ever been this sick before..
If you have previously posted your videos online it's ok, you can always remove them or password protect when you begin applying
Today's Sandwich: Ham & cheddar on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95
Woot dragged extra people in from the hallways to see speak at
We'll always be here for you...
I need my security guard.... this guy is a douche bag.
Numerous reports of slick roads in southeast Aurora. Several cars sliding off of roadways.
Yup in this hotel and I have no idea how to work this remote
just hook it up share a music link for me
we ARE kinda awesome :)
To be fair Wolfgang is doing a seriously badass job holding down bass duties. It's fun to watch him & Eddie play together
Market Research Forecasts Power Wheelchair Market at $3.9 Billion by 2018
Please follow me ! :(
I am on a MLM training/support group call - I read my Vision Letter to the group
Exploring new backroads and neighborhoods...Atlanta is a beautiful city on two wheels!
what's you doing ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
So long World Wide...nice knowing you.
Lol. I be doing that same shit. Don't want the employees thinking I'm a broke bastard.
Lebron James is better then Kobe in the 1st 3 quarters and the regular reason
Blues History: Nov 10, 1956, Billie Holiday performed at New York City's Carnegie Hall after a three year absence from touring.
I have seriously been in "head down" mode! #needabreak,
This question was asked of me tonight? Favorite movie villain and favorite movie hero? Need help make suggestions!
h Hampton Inn downtown.
3 Stars, 3 In the Box coming up at 8:30. You can chime your 3 & 3 in over Twitter or by phone at 248.848.1130
We had 4 really bad losses this year( Coastal, CoC,BC, USC) win 3 of 4 of those, and we are almost in tourney...
big money in the prison system, we've got to keep them filled.
and we thank you all!
is manning the twitter for tonight's show! www.radiokolamerica.com
Promotions are also a great way to keep your followers engaged on Twitter - Who doesn't want deals or free stuff?!
what happened to YellaWolf? Nobody is checkin for that dude. You were right once again!!
#oomf is really goin through it :(
Where have I been? I don't have to travel 90 minutes to visit my favorite place to eat anymore? Thank you just made my day!!
BOTH of my boys will be at work today. Thats always fun -_-
I think yes
first song I hear playing on when get outa school is Just Dance. Happy fucking friday!
Josh Greenberg from Grooveshark on the live feed at
did u win?
Sad that Tulsa media like complain when people don't credit them, but they won't credit for TPD sex report.
bro George said 7on7 practice is tomorrow at 11 at hebron
Why am I fat?: All symptoms of a yeast infection
Back from excellent NSLunch with and others. Thanks guys :-)
Planned retreat for a lot of months. It was nice to be off grid for a bit.
haha its lil so dogs n stuff could eat himm but whenever were not doin anything lol
Bon Appetit! :) RT Thanks The Newsroom is feasting on the fine food you dropped off
that gotta suck so what are you using to post
Sunny but chilly - perfect day for Soup and Sandwich Special! Come over or call and let us deliver!
#irony indeed!
This no cable thing is for the birds. I need my NBA and MLB.
oh & we sold our last #ButterCowBandanna last night so now your friends are extra extra lucky!
BYW they played "Ninja Rap" at the bar tonight.......
RT : (Crime Prevention Tip) Cover the Basics This will help you develop a farm emergency plan that includes a farm......
Brought some of that NYC hustle and style back to Texas. Expect great things from me in the near future.
Just landed in LAX for North American Kick-Off. Trip started on Amtrak NYC>Orlando>Delta>Minneapolis>LA, 36 hours total...
love you too #bestfrienddd :)
We'll miss you..Thanks for all your hard work and dedication. Good luck in South Africa next semester!
Scores some great items at the #boden sale on boston today!
Missing half the game for this interview :/
Love this! Cute couple too. :)
welcome u twit lol
tag! you're it!
It wasnt me.
Hey college kids of liberty, we survived, no thrived, no conquered the church service tonight!
Who's goin to tomorrow in the
We did! Thanks for the follow. We loved your new video! Have you shared it on Rocket21 yet?
you might be right.
Yikes, sorry to hear you about the trouble. Looks like the product is shipping tomorrow. Does that help?
RT : In 1839, Mississippi becomes the first state to grant women the right to hold property in their own names...
So amazed how such a simple worship service can hold so much meaning, so glad you were able to experience with me
Telling everything to Julia makes everything better:)
RT : Listen to me and talk about 's "Endgame" today at noon on "The Front Row."
Did you see Nathan's numbers! Another incredible showing!
.. forgive me please ..
I Want Someone To Catch Me When I Fall.
I guess someone wasn't paying attention is her or her multiple intelligences lecture... :) Glad it's interesting!
Thanks, hope you are feeling better & get to enjoy the beautiful day!
And I thought Justin Beiber fans were annoying but then came One Direction.
It's really awkward to order a "Tall Blonde" at Starbucks.
YOU CAN AND YOU WILL
Why did the.Easter Bunny hide his eggs?????
I'm rooting for ya :)
Is there something you need to talk about?
-Very awesome! Loved your interpretation. I also feel, that after watching this episode that Delena is endgame.
People are always talking casually about inflation via ticket prices, but the place my sticker shock is most visceral is candy bar pricing.
You don't lie, gone in a blink of eye! Congratulations on awesome poster!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
The mamak gang very daring ~
haha no worries...I guess some people have to go to school... :P
Chargers look like the team we thought they were. Raiders look lik the team we thought they were. Too bad for Norv. That's football.
I wish I can frequently changed my default like other people. But I can't with this acne on my face now ugh.
Too Fucking busy , too busy Fucking .
Verizon straight ripped off the SNL "Bad Idea Jeans" skit
#amwriting and loving it.
technically its the first of July but no one goes and the second to last day we go to an amusement park. So basically the 30.
My tire gave up on the 134/2 free way. Yes, it blow out. I'm okay. I thank God someone was with me to guide me. :)
In the wake of Supremes decision in drug info case experts know it is a loss for those VT legislators who care about privacy
Ask yourself this question: "Will this matter a year from now?"
On the road to Timberstone Golf Course in the beautiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Just spun new single "A-OK" on and I'm diggin' it, i like it!
Check out the new website for ! Kudos to for the web design!
you keep making that mistake...
Why do some people blame themselves, and others blame everyone else?
Once you suggest impatiens I stop listening to anything you say
that's right the city gotta stand behind our team! I believe in these guy! DROSE WOULD WANT THAT! God does things for a reason!
humming here we on the way to and from work.
I'm atheist so I let the blunt bless her .
cool beans. thanks!
Just saw #CrazyStupidLove - great ensemble film by a seasoned and talented cast. And you got some kind of charm, boy!
omg. Follow mepleasee
bill gates cloud computing
text me when you send those joints over
New topic - New E500 c/w twin kit owner
Free Delivery on our Thin or Stuffed Pizza.Also we Deliver ourFull Menu after 4pm-8:30pm
The odds are not in my favor.
Wrap on day one for me. Three more to go
enjoying your *Putting a Stop to Abusive Client Behavior* series.
I #fucking #hate #people. I REALLY DO PrincessCiera
My day is made just by passing DEQ. Small victories.
You're watching that too?! :3
Me: "Mom, you need to watch like now" Mom: "Whats a "
Good night
when will there be a new blink 182 album out? I'm dying ..... hahah
to be tall
we are so grown & over it! #team5guys lol
Soo happy to be in bed right now !
I don't need a motive for revenge.
i would do the same thing though to a dude .dont asked me nothin if I don't know you
The sexy one-shoulder trend is great for warm weather.
ShowCase tonight, ah
Thanks! We are honored to have Elizabeth on the list!
Facts 1) Aguilar is on the council. 2) knew SOTC was scheduled 3) Left town anyways 4) not courteous to colleagues
Gyming to is so great
Lots going on! Finished DeAnna Andrews Bold&Beautiful Intensive Monday night. Tonight, great feedback from Kimberly Foster-McCollum
I suddenly have the desire to see Frank Cioffi's 1973 lecture "Was Freud a Liar?"
I love that I live in a city where the entire theater laughs at a preview for "Abe Lincoln Vampire Hunter"
Just called a friend to wish him happy birthday. His birthday is tomorrow.
that makes two of us. I'm buying the first prototype lightsaber as soon as it's invented!
Thanks so much for the vote & the retweet!
Thoughts on #GOP #response: pshh. That's it.
thanks to an everybody else for showin out last night. i owe you all beers.
happy G Day pimp
Fire drill baby!!!
Looking forward to seeing what I find there.
It didn't say anything...
I'm sorry. I didn't get home until late. There was a really bad accident.
Welcome Rosie Huntington Whitely one of favorite #supermodels to Twitter!
On teacher appreciation, a shout out to ! Helping students discover their creative potential!
Wow this movie is crazy already and I just turned to it
Congrats #Brewers!
“111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City game in over 200 countries” amazing if true
exactly! worked out in my favor and my younger siblings got to do the bitch work. it was a win win, lmao
come along and ride on our phantasmatic voyage
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Why must i get blamed for everything...?
SWAG SWAG SWAG ON U
I know, I know. And I'm gonna find out hahaha :)
<---follow him. He is badass.
Second only to GuJo and Raf!
I'll take a 40. You a fan of Steel Reserve?
OH SHIT GOT A TWITTER.....FACEBOOK CAN FUCK MA BITCH.LOL
*raises hand*
thanks we really appreciate it.
I should know by now never to look in the mirror in public bathrooms with fluorescent lighting. Ugh.
#Blackberry decided to grab & sync all my laptop music... but it can't play them. Says file type not supported. Stupid Programmers.
RT : Wow! UH Basketball player gets #1 Play of the Day on ESPN.
Reminding myself that there is always light at the end of the tunnel
Hey look, still no runs!
girl I'm squeaky like Mickey Mouse!
"If its important to you and you want to do it "eventually", just do it and correct course along the way"
porduce empowering film & shows, That's All I Really Wanna Do
S/O to da TURTLES wit dey confusin ass letters
NOBODY PUNCH A FIRE HYDRANT AFTER THE GMAE!!!
Peloff: Pop culture is incredibly important because they produce the images and archetypes women measure themselves against.
Hi Great to see you at I loved your LOHAS preso 2yrs ago +you write the best emails!
ctrl-p, hanging this up in my cube
Would twitter still exist if the zombie apocalypse happened?
The new Kobe Nike commercial is sick!
Well done, lady. London, she loves to be treated like a hot girl who you won't call the next day. She's cool like that.
yup I don't think we made excuses last night...we did work
I sound Desperate!!!! Never that!!!!
I would pay for a private bathroom to be built for me at work just to side step the shame of this whole ordeal.
thx for your support of !
Enough with P*psi already. Find another way. You can do it without marketing corn syrup. Think about it.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse! 48
our YouTube channel is mufasatheband but the bids are pretty old. We got newer footage we will upload soon though
lol I'm Confused
I wanna soccer jersey
I'm just cool like that
Dollar store shades gone AWOL
Big things happening for me tomorrow
Journey on the Today show!
Throwback Thursdays going in on
oh hot damn
Thankful that, even after midnight on a weekday, local twitterers respond quickly to tweeted questions.
Bitches be so extra I swear! People still ain't Learned how insane I am I definitely got some screws loose and you go learn today!
A guy who truly loves his girl does not need to unbutton her shirt, just to have a better view of her heart.
Eating frosting and crying and watching sad movies with
Road trip was fun but there's no place like home.
Good morning!!(:(: Hope you all have a fantastic day!! <3 you all!!
We miss you guys in Seattle. All quiet on the homefront without you. How's #coworking weekend?
Oh my god. Barmes is 2 for 2 in his last 2 at bats.
RT: : Forget "Battleship", I can't wait for "Candy Land: The Movie".
In retrospect, drinking the entire bottle of wine wasn't the best idea
I know the piece. :) Some bibliography I didn't know before; good stuff.
The worst feeling in the world Is feeling like you lost your chance.
well, it's possible you'd have non glittery nails! we had super fun. I'm always happy to help.
I'm only watching the Oscars to see Bret from Flight of the Conchords win best song for "Man or Muppet." And to see the pretty dresses.
Your love for her runs through your veins. Literally.
how did the Yankees not do their homework before making the trade. George is probably rolling around in his grave
#inlove. 6 more days until eight months. M. <3
Coming up at 11 am in the Expo Theatre (Booth 1063) - Inkjet Technologies & Product Strategies
My Barbie shirt picture has 47 notes now... is this real life
Great game at the Pepsi Center! Avs up 4-1 in the 3rd over the #Devils!
Exactly, you're visiting me. Plus, you're in luck, one of my best friends goes to Stony so I will have extra excuses to visit.
please cameron! follow me =)
I'm not weak, I don't let a nigga control me. I can think for my damn self!
=) thanks hun appreciate the love
Innovation is usually associated with economic or technological advances but misses the all important SOCIAL innovation
just curious if you have any ideas what the issue may be?
Haven't gotten rid of the feeling of wanting to throw up since 5 am
to some humans, Fruits don't cause gas...Save a fart take a shit
oh... photo spam of meeting today? I think yes. ready?
I recall nothing....Berrigan is suspect.
Happy Anniversary! If #xdlab is anything like the holiday party, there will be some good stories.
Next time I will bring pie!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!~!!
i miss who used to be
Thanks! I'm from Atlanta :) I go to Berklee College of Music in Boston
I can't today:-(
So after looking at literally thousands of craigslist postings, I've now seen one - just one - that includes a floor plan diagram.
When did dancin' mean grindin', datin' mean havin' sex, kissin' mean makin' out like animals, holdin' hands mean grabbin' her/his butt...?
Happy birthday to one of my bestfriends I love you :)
Oh and for the record I hate u
Holy cow! Productive day... Now, what's going on tonight #Chicago?
Newmedia Li New Media to proceed with self-promotional branding initiative.... Stay Tuned for our Unique Selling Points (USP's).
moon crater or neat thumb ring?
ORLANDO vs STEAK - 72oz Tip: don't get it well done or your jaw will be well done :)
yeah... I gtg tweet ya later! By CiCi lol
bahahha ahah omg my mom would never do that because she says she can't remember them all :/
“A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.”
I love how someone says.. Your son is not having a good week. uhm, lady it is only Tuesday.
Thank you for making me into a gluten-free girl :)
Who's ready to see 's NEW VIDEO PART!?!? RT
yea yea I know already.....
In Music Meeting Coheed & Cambria “We Are The Juggernaut” I think its good just don’t know if CD101 audience'll agree, Tom doesn’t
Words Can't Explain How Muchh I Love The . <3(:
Food was ok.. But definitely not worth the money!!! Ugh!
Frances Perkins was FDR's Sec of Labor, architect of the Social Security program & many other social programs.
Amazing! Paradise Lost at the just now...
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beer Bistro - Pub (live updates)
Everyone should tell Happy Birthday because he is in fact the coolest magician on Earth!
You sound like the guys from American Reunion. :)
You are dum
Good morning!!!!
Did everyone remember to set their clocks up an hour last night?
Wait, they left Peavy in? Uh-oh.
Working TVs at the Lyon center?!
Earthquake :O
Looking forward to the Taste of tonight - tickets are still available, hope to see some of you there!
are almost certainly doomed to lives of despair and failure, because some idiots at social service agencies, and some dumb bastard lawyers..
i need to go south
Clint Eastwood is the biggest badass of all time
Garlic & Orange Juice.
Arrg :( Where you wearing something you shouldn't of?
Haven't drank a soda all day! This mess sucks!!
N Andy it's gone I'm done watching the game! The fact that nobody hit Millwood drive me crazy !
How can someone be waiting for you to be their luv one when they haven't talked to for a while?
by when?
Today i say goodbye to my wisdom teeth. Totally nervous.
I love when my boyfriend has a phone I can actually ignore? I hope your serious..
Been at apsu since 8 and still haven't played
oh yeah~ Poseidon is a good drama. It's my first Korean drama that I've watched.
At PNC park to watch the Pirates play the Cubs. Go Bucs!
Pancakes for breakky!:) smells great. Good Morning<U+2600>
it really really really sounds like you're talking about feminine hygiene. might want to reword this one.
Overheating laptop might just be dusty vents/fans. Talk to
What understanding begins to do is to make knowledge available for use, and that's the urgency, that's the push, that's the drive.
Happy Mother's Day <3
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 cent wings tossed in our famous sauces
RT : Same procedure as last year? Same procedure as last year! Happy New Year!
Good Morning! #CommunityVoices is on right now @ 99.1 FM in the Miami-Ft Laud market and streaming live at wedr,com
Boston MSBL All-Star Game, AL retakes a 4-3 lead in the 5th.
If the weather is like this during spring break i will be
Thanks man. Sorry I missed you. We went to run a few errands. This is awesome!
Recommend restaurants and cafes to your friends with Google Places' interactive system.
. My wife saw Alec Baldwin out in front of the Conrad earlier this afternoon.
RT : RT You're a young professional in Detroit but you weren't at ?? You def missed out!
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears, your actions louder than your words, and your faith stronger than your feelings.
yup yup that b me.
Merry Christmas to u and your family. Enjoy your holidays. Eat a lot, fuck the diet! This is our last Christmas lol
I'm listing to HONKEY TONK GIRL, Loretta Lynn!!
also, i will probably be hitting up bingo monday, but anytime in between is cool too. :)
cause I play David Guetta and because they have super dope local mixers... :)
I feel like a lame staying home on a nice Saturday night, but then I think about my three work days ahead and now I have no regrets
If you're gonna be a smart ass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise, you're just an ass.
Same here Omar -- you'd think a DTS with a perfect voting record would be getting a ton of mail.
I know I'm messing
You're all jel of my sibling skillz RT : . is such a good sister.... <3
Fun fact about Feb 9th. It was the Beatles first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show.
Feelin like I'm gettin a nice lil sunburn <U+E04A>
yeah easy. Stop stealing my jokes
I know! Isn't it great?! is pretty much just a beast all the way around.
Will do! Excited! RT : YOU BASTARD!! I've been dying to see that!! Let me know how it is! One of my fave musicals.
Awhile ago, you did a librarian wardrobe post about something you wear everyday - do you remember when that was?
You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.
"Am most thankful for my own awakening that continues to vibrate through & to All"
I'm bout to take a pic with Freddy lol.
My kids are so SPOILED!
Rihanna 'would love Whitney role': Pop star Rihanna says she would like to play Whitney Houston on the big screen.
Yeah um I wanna be back in bed already.
I’m Standing Up against poverty on Sundy with Pls RT and join me.
That awkward moment when I realize I spent my wardrobe budget on house stuff at Mendards. #adulthood cc:
A girl can fake an orgasm, while a guy can fake a whole relationship.
We have got to do better. Lol
I'm at the world famous comic strip live tonight at 10:30. Unlike ESPN, I won't be telling any racially insensitive jokes about Jeremy Lin.
I feel like making some steak, red skin potatoes & corn on the Cobb
My latest area of scholarly interest (ie, what I'm nerding out about): the Roman middle class/99%, normally left out of literary sources.
can i know the hour of austream and the site please ? I always miss austream
That's that type of shit that just not right
YOU GALS ROCK! Congrats on finishing your half marathon.
This #Sundrop commercial is hilarious
Getting an email that I have a new #twitter follower is like waking up on Christmas to presents & candy! [squeeeee!]
Mitt Romney is at the Celtics game. I'm sure he's a fan of basketball *side eye* Lol...
Tweet me I NEED to talk to you!
Diana would say I also like Sarah M and Celine Dion. Diana is a hopeless romantic. Good possibility that Diana met her soulmate before she
: I'm buying a giant box of condoms just so the cashier thinks I love to bang/hahaha! Do it! And take a picture of his face pls!!
what part of Ohio? Cleveland?
Thanks to & who have agreed to partner with us in a special effort this Friday!
Reading Twitter gives me anxiety. Feels like I'm in a room full of people screaming what they are doing & telling me what I should do.
I've been a follower of ABL; I'm a white, gay male. I think u misunderstand her greatly.
- Do you style your own hair? It always looks gorgeous! Share your tips and tricks on your website too!
You always make my day better <3
If U R in NY, Staten island specifically & looking to rent or own DO NOT go 2 United National Realty!!!!
Dinner with the hubby Then quick shopping and home. Love my Wednesday evenings.
...but the cultural response & worry (fear) are about homosexuality
I would like ehhhhhh THIN CRUST PEPPERONI CHOCOLATE CAKE
lmfao, this made my day!!!
Thanks!!! Will do!!
Why Search? Just Twittitt ! ===== www.Twittitt.com == you are the next Twitter Of The Day!
Taking prednisone so I will likely be up all night. Hope all of you west coast tweeters have entertaining tweets tonight.
#dhtrial quiet inside the courtroom. Empty except 4 gentlemen in suits waiting.
STFU and leave them alone!
mind-set even in such a fixed minded industry. fixed mindset is judging, have to be perfect. growth mindset is giving
We all have that one friend whose dad scares the shit out of you.
fail, meant I can't hear you.
I sent you back a file of the sticker with the URL on it. Does it look alright?
Hey, no. Don't. You can just meet them the next tour. While I never do lol.
When you're not sure about something <
Hope everyone's holiday season is going great! How are you making your celebrations #green or #ecofriendly?
thanks for coming in and we are glad you enjoyed it!!!!!
Lucy hale is so beautiful
that's because you're spoiled rotten.
when im o/t (out of town) or w/ niggas from o/t... they say... "u Milwaukee niggas think y'all sum pimps!"... S/O to
Day beginning with Blackstreet
So do you guys
“: sent u a text. U bout to holler! #uninterested?” screaming! My driver asked if I'm alright hah
Allergies are kicking my ass. I look like I'm crying.
bible that's what I was just thinking... Get me a coffee thank you lol
haha it kinda sucks , im bored :/
is in hell. A.k.a. TOYS R US, Times Square.
good to see you both at banquet - two of my faves at one of my favorite events!
"You have to embrace the Chaos because Life may sometimes Astonish You!" -Hot Tub Time Machine
our pleasure. Site should be up soon. Look forward to Having you by.
Lets get it started is so hard to play on the flute !
Jump Around is not appropriate study music.
you are amazing and fuck kelly you are a star and I'm really sad to see you go you were and are one of my favs!!!
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees.
RT : RT : on my way to visit for the weekend.
Killed my tri's at the gym today. I literally (figuratively) can't feel them tonight. Literally (figuratively)
. I luv u so much I def want to marry you. Hands-on training is amazing.
Send us a video showing us how you use MyTalkTools and receive a free year of our subscription service.
Oh party!
thanks! Great experience. And I love it!
7:30am swim before class and I'm nowhere near ready for bed. Should be interesting (y)
Awesome meeting last night at ABC Toastmasters. Congratulations to all the newly elected officers of Toastmasters of the coming year...
Meaningful college basketball in the month of March in Colorado!! Who da thunk it?!?!
Was reading the article about Star Jones and her boycott. It is what it is. People don't want writers to write or actors to act.
Today's S.S. special is the Turtle Wrap! homemade flour tortilla with arugula, onion, tomato, and mint lime cream cheese!
that's what happens when you advertise on social media though... There's always one person who enjoys ruining people's fun.
i ran a mile today
Wish my mom was home to cook for me
and they have OTHER erotica books.
I forgot about that bs but you just want to keep it going. You have nothing else better to do than bring up drama that was forgotten.
Quick ring? They not winning no rings with Alex #bumass Smith as their QB! SMH!
YOU'RE STILL AN ASS
Well on thursday im gona stuff my face....& work on the rest of the time getting ride of the weight!lolgota stay fit 4 bball!
Just got done watching My favorate Movie "Shottas"
moving day! need more coffee!!
Adding #Shindig to a list never felt so good!! THANK YOU!
RT : Anyone give the #ChevyGameTime app a go? Thoughts?
Do you need Bedtime Tips for Parents of Children with Special Needs
yoo hoe holler when you awake
not to bad of an idea!
Does anybody actually come OUT of the dressing room in what they tried on to let the salesperson see? Why do they keep suggesting that?
Pottery Barn Kids has a Sheep Rocker that will make you want one in an adult size. It's soft, snuggly, and perfect for your little one.
then I say go for it.
I love my family though <3.
": Life is 2 precious 2 worry about stupid things. Have fun & fall in love. Regret nothing & don't let people bring you down."
My life is FANTASTIC. Self-made is where it's at.
But my sis still was amazing as always and we manage to still pull it off:)
The Prettiest Smiles Hide The Deepest Secrets, The Prettiest Eyes Have Cried The Most Tears, Nd The Kindest Hearts Have Felt The Most Pain.
I have a friend who works there-it used to be PickAProf. Not sure how they get the grades, though.
any chance asu goes after randy Shannon or Kirby Smart or will they settle for Fedora
My little red ford focus has more swag than you ever will.
Thanks! It's a prequal to Rain. Just a little symbolism involved...
I want to buy a skyscraper too...plus there on sale.
Rain rain go away!!!
Need a night out to enjoy science, art, and even cocktails? Paul takes us to the Exploratorium's After Dark exhibit, Sun (7/4/10) at 5:30pm.
Until I hear otherwise, I'm going to assume that this unopened crate of unused tampons buried in my front lawn was geocaching related
Not sure if I am flattered or appalled when the young boy selling candy outside of #Marshall's yells to me "DAMN BABY!!! U lookin' fine!"
no, been there. those things are pretty at the time, but a pain just the same.
You Wassnt That Dude !
I feel that I will do the same, hopefully.
no im not lol im super nervous!
Hi how are you.
Congratulations you win 1 FREE McRib. Please Direct Message us your info!
My mom is taking me to see "Chimpanzee" today after school. Can't wait!
So how did you originally pick your teams? Some for me were because of location. Others I have no explanation.
There are fake scammy/spammy emails from "Amazon" being sent out about cancellation orders. Just so you know!
What Computer Should I Buy?
Q6 Individual blogs. I love to read about the personal librarian experience+learn from them. I keep it casual.
Wendy Williams looks like she suppose to be in the NFL!!!
I'll be there!
Finally got my toes in the sand , where they belong . #paradise .
This is so great
My first training session with a personal fitness trainer at lifetime. Got my ass whipped. Ill be ready by summer.
Friday afternoon I'm in new York. <U+270C><U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
It was really good. Almost brought a tear to my eye.
A goal is something that we can measure and has a deadline. A resolution is tougher to quantify, eg Be a better listener. It's noble to try.
Right back at you!!! I have been following from afar :)
banging out evals at CK Performance
How's the public gigging goin, friend?
To go laugh or to watch a movie in thee bed.. This is thee question.
Haha! "Teamsters: Making dreams come true!" Hey, we do what we can around here. :)
Just keep working hard toward whatever u want for yourself, and it'll work out!
If you share a good idea long enough, it will eventually fall on good people.~Jim Rohn
No one knows how it is that with one glance a boy can break through into a girl’s heart.
are you kidding me?
GOOD DAY
RT : Wednesday means two more days until my hip-hop class at starts. Way excited!
haha thank you!
of course refs sometimes let them play B should have not wated 2 TOs in the 3rd though defense didnt help
#20ThingsAboutMe Im mix with a hold bunch things!
lol its all good. High five on the pic
Work work work!
That was the Laker Ass Whooping I wanted to see.
#Fringe is going back to the Alt Verse tonight and I for one am glad. I've missed it.
"Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain." Mark Twain. Still need to read his autobiography.
Introducing project #spotplusgo at the
I want a world tour
ooh that's tempting...
On behalf of HubSpot, I'd like to congratulate all of our award winners this year
that's funny. because i'm not at all hahah
Thanks. Same to you too.
RT : Happy Anniversary! Proud of the work you're doing to empower women and girls worldwide.
I hate watching nba games on kcal9 and FSW
Guys please pray for my grandpa he's in the hospital and they say he won't last within the next 72 hours<3
I think NBC did ABC a favor by having Palin on today show. People got to see how much better ABC is. Love their pet segments
I should have/could have heeded that advice.
When its all said and done I'm still a singer,and song writer so your opinion will be considered,it will not change my style.
RT : Warm temperature this dick
ZOMBIE DUST.
I think should do a feature on seeing as she's a wonderful person and role model :))))
see! That proves I don't know him
you would!!
first off are we hangging out in revere or saugus
Snippet doesn't translate to free beat! Why do you think my tag is all the way thru it??? #c'monMan
Never ignore a person who loves, cares & misses you because 1 day, u might wake up & realize you lost the moon while counting the stars.
Happy hour
Yay! Hopefully ill get to actually meet you!
Bottom of the! Bottom of the! Bottom of the! Bottom of the map.
Thanks! We'll keep plugging away on DPTV. Feel free to pass along any feedback.
RT : I love Conga. Had great success with it for years for mail merge. // 1
Are you seeing Fiddler on the Roof???
Emily was my favorite this year
yay!!!! have fun i would watch but i gotta get up early tomorrow for some auditions.
Entercom will make WEEI-AM/Boston available in glorious FM stereo starting 9/12, as it takes over Adult Hits WMKK (93.7 Mike FM)'s home.
sounds good to me :D
I <3 overeating :D why does cook so damn god??!?!
"what are those things called that they hit the puck with?" "...you mean the hockey stick?" #seriously???
Adding new products to our website
Lazy days like this are auhhhhmazinggggg!
Dunning - data and analytics identified the shift from paging to phones even before the obvious data points (sales)were identified
when no one is listening to your message any longer, learn a new one.
Finally get to see The Lucky One tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Elias and read
that's what I thought. There are rumors it's haunted.
In science right now and my sub is awesome!
Thanks for the suggestions. #sm and #tech just added under the Twitter Hashtag category.
If it hurts when you pee, urine trouble.
psycho is 75 for industrial
every Tues enter to win a FREE SPRAY TAN! dm us!
Ok I need five more followers before the end of the day to reach 100!! HELP
The Next Step School of Dance Presents "Rhythms of the Last Decade" in the Theatre tonight at 7pm. Tickets $8. Box office opens at 6 pm
My mentions are dead.
We are looking for new shows to put on the air. Yours could be next
This is a common reaction. Season 1 was slow to get going, Season 2 much better.
In the film the Ister, Stiegler explains what is human. The dog plays an illustrative or exemplary role in the def.
Finally gave Mad Men a chance and now I see what all the fuss is about. And now I have 52 hours of catching up to do.
I only need 20 more followers to catch up with him. Hmph!!.
driving in traffic in big fat snowflakes...just need to get through the pass! Then it will be cool for me too. :)
It is the WORST blind disabled person discrimination to deny Court access while proclaiming a blind person as "Lady Justice"
um okay! whats something u hate bout girls
somewhere on the strip right now. But not sure where...
Happy Birthday Erin Monae I Love You Boo Be.Safe Have Fun !
t'was awesome. RT : Talking innovation with and others.
Hello, Betty. I'm good. I'm out drivin around town. Beautiful day.
I have always wanted to live in a tree house.
hey Ashley, call me. DaDa wants to talk to you.
Thanks to everyone for the follows...Just hit 2,500 this morning.
So, why are you using Twitter so much all of the sudden?
last day before a short vacation
Not surprised with the #manusky firing. It was going to be all three if not at least one.
It was a fun productive morning!
Uhh duh. That crap is nasty
I know, feeling the same pretty bummed!!
I'm a rude bitch, and I simply don't give a fuck.
Godmommys get it free! Ill get you a nutrition intake
. is about to BLAST this song on the speakers at the office. like a boss. bc she is one. & is awesome.
you enjoy that I will be later
Dahlia Woods Gallery Opening, Friday May 22 6-8PM ft. Inki Min & sculptures by Will Johnson, 600 Cantegral Street, Dallas
I assumed it was a Jon Miller request... RT : MCA tribute as Giants take field...wonder if that was a Lincecum request?
QuickCheck works for C. You might be able to make that work with C++.
Where is the best place in Lexington to get ice cream?
Dear Facebook, Premarital poking will not be tolerated. -Guto
Anyone wanna play dunkball?
Yes, I was at the meeting. Always come incognito with my wonder woman disguise on though. #DontRecognizeMeWithGlassesOn lol
So how's everyone feeling today??!
Just picked up my first hitchhiker out of the snowstorm... Interesting
thank you!!! Fir the follow!!
Reading Airhead by Meg Cabot. What happens when a smart high school girl switches bodies with an "airhead" ? What are you reading?
Which one? Twitpic or it didnt happen.
Sunday Bowl
You are my favorite person! ;)
we took all the undesirable middle bones out prior to feasting.
thank you for the mentions last week!
Hey Tasha! Twitter is weird and i don't get all my tweets till days later!
We'll be happy/lucky to have you in DC!
Ladies and gentlemen, it’s a beautiful day for a country music festival! Currently sunny and almost 65 degrees! Yeehaw!
do you have practice tomorrow?
Thanks Have A Diamond Night
PLEASE IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW OMG IF YOU SANG TO ME THAT WOULD MAKE MY LIFE
My eyes are getting drowsy from the anti nausea drugs probably should sleep. Night lovelies!
I really dislike rainy days ugh
Quinton Coples Defensive End North Carolina
Kay seriously now... goodnight. Lol
So much theatre! The Bacchae last night, 9to5 tonight! Alas, full day of moving tomorrow...
Marcum: scholars having to pause digital work to write books is "a temporary thing" book work will continue alongside digital
thank you for the #FF and the inspiration! You are brilliant
Milk was a bad choice
Sad, but very true.
...Was! And it was AWESOME cuz #AthensGA is
Hahahahaha Omg! ": #SignsUrAHoodRatMother you got bout 6 big wheels sitting in your front yard!"
the senior one?
Oh that look like whats her name, chances are thats wats her name
Dont u be on that bullshit
I don't know why you insist on picking on gals with cankles!
People not knowing show to customize their twitter
Second attempt at gf popovers nearly done. Hope they work!
Congrats to the Naturalist Center who've decided to stop lending items to offer more hands-on opportunities! Tough decision!
your face is on a car which under most circumstances is pretty awesome, except it's a punch bug. Kinda gay bro haha
Robert Atterman, Vice President, Legit Agent - Tracey Goldblum, Vice President, Commercial Division.
Hey Can You Follow My Friend
Wiz verse in Racks Remix >
Might as well continue your iSheep-ish ways and get a MacBook Air so that it makes your iPad seem tiny :)
6.5 mile run today. Need to think of a new hill workout 4 our wednesday hill group. Don't want to get stale.
I'm holding you to this..if not I'll rip off your shirt
Changing lifestyle, pollution lead to rise in cases of asthma in the country - Times of India
I've missed you so much
#Donttellmeicantfly was beautiful, a stunning lightbox of collage paying homage to creative genius.
CRAZY (: I LOVE YOUR NEW SONG BOYFRIEND <U+2665>
aww imy too hun! You don't need to go in there anyways if I'm not there lol
You shouldn't have to be in the 1% or 10% to find happiness & security in the United States. We are truly in a battle for the middle class.
I did it all for the Footy, the Footy…
A-FREAKING-MEN!
Earl the Pearl - classic - Winston Salem -- Baltimore Bullets #noGoogle -- my hero growing up thanks
Thanks for showing us a good time last night, To Kill A Monster and Marysville!
yes ma'am
where'd you find that?!
Happy mothers day<3
My happiness is overflowing and thankful to Bob Schwartz, Karen Hansen, Jane and Jubitz Foundation so far. More to go to get to the Wisdom
No problem, it's funny every time he does it. Glad you saw it while he was on with you guys.
I love you you're charming and pretty, you're my role model and always echo wanted to be a dancer as good as your!:)x
Harvin tweeted to KFAN........"Its just another week to me. I've got work to do." LMAO
seriously? what do they stop you for?
#FF (my deepest apologies for overlooking you earlier)
Nervous, excited for my #interview on Friday morning--48 hours should be enough time to prep, right?
Thank You! Looking forward to the #10YearBash! RT : Happy 10th birthday to !
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com #stopbullying ...inspiring!
": I love guys in suspenders, lol jk only Louis Tomlinson"
Bro spit some real knowledge to me today...and I respect him for it
we ate at the #hookah place Sun- thought of those shots:) RT : , you are the shit! Miss you broo :)
always take care of your man or someone else will!!
email me!
- You are a doll. Hope you are having a great day! Thank you :)
you should do a post with video, about how Tas cleans his tupperware, that would me AMAZING!
Omg my ex came over have not seen him in like 6 years its was so nice seeing him and talking I bet he love his blowjob and my kisses I liked
Why does the iPhone 4s drain my battery so much faster than the 4!!!
I cut alot of people off
Lost my spelling ability, you prob missed my typo, tried to say Skype me :)
would love to connect our 40K fans in the #yyc to your events. Young Guns = Mass Armageddon.
GOOD MORNING ERR BODY RETWEET & SAY IT BAC NOT ASKIN FOR MUCH
Every so often it occurs to me to clean up my bike.
Jaden is sick and it's the last day of the month but I know God will see us both through the day!
I need to tell you guys something really important. okayy. so...umh. yeah. I just forgot what I wanted to tell you:/
Sorry no late afternoon Montgomery Bart service today. We'll try again next week.
BARKLEY is right! Nobody wants to see the #AARPCeltics play the young thunder cats on the Sixers!
Thank you for sharing to help the animals.
Downtown with my love <3(:
Lucky is finally tall enough for Space Mountain. He rode it and now he wants to go again!
RT : Wade missed final shot and 7 of his 11 free throws. How will people find a way to blame Lebron?
Hell Yea nd then rub it in the ESPN nd MLB Toni8 shows face. Bitches it's playoff nd u talkin bout Red Sox collapse nd Tito.
I was informed that it is pink shirt Wednesday
Opposites attract adaptation of 2 Nanas from the countryside living in big city Tokyo, trying to make their dreams come true
#Heartattack Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke , Dementia Risk Title: Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke ,
I want to create the ultimate Milwaukee junk food meal. I'll start w/ Club Garibaldi wings & tots from The Jack. I am so good at loving food
Business before pleasure..
i did try to jailbreak my ipod and it almost broke my mac! haha
The #Loudoun wildlife revels in spring. During a shoot this morning I saw large Koi, Mallards, Red Wing Blackbirds, Peepers and turtles.
- we should be 3-1. There goes $12 million down the drain. Who's next in line to close?
but you would still be beautiful inside.
The digital divide is real...in many areas of the country. We can't forget any of them.
Today is all about mock chicken leg debates and guacamole judgment. And then 'ritas, because why not.
I'm in the hotel lobby, in case you want to go up together.
Shoot hanging with family ha yayyy
moving halloween doesn't solve anything !!
Writing is good, thinking is better. Cleverness is good, patience is better
On da clock @ the J
i know, the anticipation is killing me.lol
And the exhibit is packed too. People love games!
where you guys all heading tonight
I need to catch up! I haven't watched any of this season.
don't feel so hot today, i hope i'm not getting sick.....
: Just dawned me... Any advice on what to google? round decimals to percent & jquery?
we're back mother fuckers! holla @ and !
Having a great time at #snc12!!
Women, you all inspire! TY : #FF love to some of the hardest working ladies in
aww thanks i appreciate it. :) you've made my day.
TOMORROW June Gloomy and the Burn-offs, Earth’s Axes, …And You Will Know Us By the Length of the Day $3
Indy, it's been real. Back to Milwaukee.
betty will not stop drinking water with the hot mics in the room..... and now she just wants to scratch her ass on the little bed.
I Act Like Shit Don't Phase Me. But Inside It Drives Me Crazy.
hm.....OUTSTANDING!!! Just ONE of so many benefits of interval training ;) You should be proud of yourself today bc I am!
Cant sleep.... Oh my god.
I'm now on MySpace.com under "Life in the actual world". Care to comment, drop on in! Cottonball5
Next i have a math exam
Hey, can you check out our page when you get a chance? :)
I love long lunches with my coworkers!! :)
The Yankees/Orioles game should be rained out tonight. Let them make it up in July when there are no crucial hockey games on against it.
Cool, thanks!
I love how were all ganging up on you. Every single one of us
Hi , u were the first person I thought of when I first heard this SOPA b.s., I'm sure u have some good thoughts on the subject
Doing homework and watching role models simultaneously...slightly distracted
i guess
Jamming to some #drdreidel on the way to sound check at Woodys. Freestyle competition at intermission tonight
Starbucks later!! Halleljah<U+E41D>
SCHS girls dance team wins National Ameridance Championship
What A night
Please follow on #FF. Happy Friday all!
guiterez or whoever he is horrible he'd take Stan Vangundy over Howard..he sounds like a straightnDomb ass!
Don't you mean #thebeach?
. Thanks for the support; we've taken a lot of flack over these articles
These peoples have one more day....than I'm going to the labor board! #ThisIsBS!!
I think im going to put in my two weeks notice and focus on life
Playing with Facebook Timeline . . .didn't realize how interesting I am ;)
but he's asking why i'm not following him on twitter and trying to get my phone number! creepy. as. hell.
oh i wasn't implying that he'd show up with you sweetie! i think we both know that has a type! you and i aren't it!!
I just won a free movie night from !
Happy Easter! Screw you, Death!
My mom once called me the thug that stole chrismas one year cause I moved the christmas tree to my bed room
Hahhah RT “: Hi. I'm Austin Mahone and my fans barely have any ovaries. But that's okay, they love me anyway.”
Delightful show tonight: - linguistic; - cinematic; - lunatic.
you need to quit calling me a bitch
I lost count
... we need to return to hand shake contracts ... trust makes the best foundation.
I never knew love would hurt this fucking bad. Worst pain I ever had ..
Thx 2 all 4 support & gr8 day of auditions! Houston, we have a show!
Jazz, you just got some borrowed time because now I have to
That's what she didn't know!
any idea what tourists line up for at 15th and Constitution? Major crowd there today at 1:45
yes!!!! Whenever you want to meet let me know!
you cant constantly talk shit about a man you had a child with cause you laid down with him and let him hit.. raw, probably more than once
is it awesome or lame that i get excited every 2 wks when my student loan balance goes down & my 401k/savings balance goes up?!
You betcha - thank you! I learned a lot.
same moment when u walk in the bathroom and a gay guy is Doin it
10 more days til my birthday.!!!!(((:
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
Anyone know of a free, high quality, student-friendly, online stock market game? I know I'm asking for a lot.
hey, I dont make the facts up. its the truth!
I think our president has his head in his ass and he does not know what the american people need JOBS JOBS JOBS white people hate you
Wishing we had Emancipation Day off like so many others in DC. I could really use another day at home.
#WeWontWork if we dont put in WORK !
Wow, it's Thursday already. Tomorrow night Adrenaline is rocking at T.J. Mulligan's 64 in Cordova. The shows starts at 9:30p.m.
Sometimes I just read your name on my timeline and click rt without reading it.
I heard that too but why be mad? I dunno...
Surprisingly, this state is full of cute guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
glad you're back safe and sound!
What a great night in Chicago! Time for the voice
4 months later, Josie the puppy is finally big enough for the collar I thought she'd be able to wear right away.
livin for the present and the future don't exist
maybe i can take you with me to cali?? haha
WOOHOO!! MY BABY HIT A HOME RUN!!!!!
RT : looking forward to weekend; our lawn chair drill team is making debut in neighborhood parade, performance art? you bet!
Thanks for the recipe, can't wait to try it! Sounds intriguing.
Only 18 minutes left on the show today. We're talking #NBA playoffs and so much more. Hear Troy online at
Thank you for following us!
Hi. It's all the readings listed in the syllabus and chapters 6 7 8 9 from the Culture text. If u need a list check Moodle
RT : q1) social learning: discussing together, sharing together, working together, learning together
Wait, wait, wait... Did #Community just poke fun at "corporations are people" in their teaser? Yes. Yes they did in the latest episode.
In #casting session 4 new #webseries and have to say, kissing the creators ass is always a nice thing :)
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you
You are so talented Tara! Thanks for singing on the new project. Can't wait to buy your new EP! Love you!
Absurd! RT : Re: Kim Kardashian ....how ridiculous is it to spend 2 million on a ring!
yeah, what the FF on that page count? (the extra f is for flying)
the man put out some extra especially smelly garbage today. wood hate 2 lose a whole can of that.
Hey you, yeah you reading this, go follow he is so sweet and funny, he is the only one who will send me a goodnight tweet(:
Awesome! I'm assuming you're hanging Alan and I after the show?
New Rock News 43 vet Runner Runner was on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on July 20th!!! Way awesome, good job guys!!
Up working... Getting ready for the CDC meeting in Atlanta next week...
Will be taking new promos w/ Working on demos in the mean time. "For the Sake of Me" EP is turning out really well. Stoked.
thx for the tweet, do let us know how we can make Smarthistory better for your AP classes
I have so many contacts on Skype I never call!
Thanks as always, Carsten!
Thanks for the follow! Together we can make it happen.
may have been mentioned, but how about Samkon Gado.
Pete no!!
If Glee goes through with this I will be extremely disappointed
People have started casting their ballots. Stay tuned to find out who wins the #MadeInNY Beer Showcase!
Vote, vote, vote! MT Tomorrow from 11-7 vote one last time for Milwaukee to host 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) 23
Haha... apparently I missed the memo that today's a non-working holiday. Alone in the office.
A film is – or should be – more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings –Stanley Kubrick
Names & sigils don't match up. Bad oversight.
POKER TIP: If you play many tables at the same time you WILL get beat a lot. Shrug it off and keep playing right and tight. Variance hurts.
Looking at some hunger games jokes :D
Thanks for the shout out!
Love new zeland
oh yeah, you left Modnation at my house
Q0) learned that people learn a lot by teaching others
Ha ha! One week from today, the transformation begins <U+263A> Thank u!
Howdy, Wichita
": Stfu dumb bitches " #FuckAssJDM You're playing with fire, these "dumb bitches" will fuck up your shit
I swear im scared if everything that fly, crawl, hop, etc !
No, I know. I just wanted to call you a hypocrite, of course.
Omgbeckylook at her but :D
How is everyone today? Can not believe its already Thursday!!!! Banner Day is soon approaching! ;)
I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
Evan when you tell them "you got it" the servants show up to help. Thanks!
Sweetheart,I'll wait for you <3
hello weekend!(:
haha by review I mean tweet
If our phones were babies, a lot of them would be dead or lost..ha
John: "Uh I love dat salt"
i like my green apple
I can't believe I haven't watched one episode of #Survivor this season. Is it good?
yay good! it's gorgeous out!
Ebenezer Scrooge was clearly high/intoxicated/suffering from mercury-poisoning
i love your yellow hair its long
I have the option to exhibit some photography in July. I've been on gallery hiatus for a while. I'm gonna put together a kick ass show.
they definitely mis-handled that situation from the start (ignoring his emails). I hope I'm never so arrogant I think I'm unhackable.
LMFAO. omg. i'd die. i love your dad.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
great shopping savings at www.shoptoearn.net/ims Keep thinking of all Ii could've bought with what I just lost in the stock markets
I'm halfway to Des Moines. But I do love bacon. Stay classy!
Have u ever got kissed in the rain??
Hi Todd!
Reminder: the IT Lab will be closed this Thur - Sat (27th - 29th). Happy Thanksgiving! (normal hours resume on Sunday, 11/30)
Spring break 2012 hell yeah!
Thanks for the feedback. We're going to do wednesday next month too, so go RSVP :-)
My phone is dying :'( & I'm to lazy to get my charger
Thank you!!
You've got 35 mins to get to the Kraine theater to experience some astounding stage directions. Get here!
Só much to do today
yup thats right #codegeass is the best
Vai #DailyDog: Media Moms. Study Show Moms As Early Adopters of the New Media Formats, Using Multiple Devices New Digital Media Consumption
aww c'mon that pic of Gismo is adorable ! Give him some turkey ! He's got loads of cuteness! Really workin it !
We're bummed we had to leave early but it was great to see you even if it was from the balcony! Have a great day. (RT?) :)
Which basically makes the list worthless.
We love you too! RT : I love you,
I so love that I wake up to this mask looking at me as it hangs on my wall. Go Lakers!!
Did you end up watching Avengers?
thanks for the follow-back, love!! Hope you like our music :)
I have the most amazing and supportive friends anyone could ever ask for.
Working at a bicycling event a 4 year old girl asked, "daddy, why do we have cars when we have these shiny bikes?"
Anyone need a #followback ?
Finally! The Pizza you deserve! Fresh and Authentic, Kentucky's First Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
U.S. DOE INFO! AWESOME! www.energy.gov
thank you Elliot! We are excited to tweet about
Stopping by Chino Farms to get some beautiful locally grown produce for
FF My Canucks people!!!! Love from Chicago
Heading to to buy some awesome stuff for my new apt!
damn it stinks then bol I smell pussy !
I envy your lineup sir... To good for that tiger blood transfusion?
Thanks girl
Give me Liberty, or give me Death! ~ Patrick Henry
If your girl thinks 69 is just a number, she's too young for you, bro
Did I really do that? Yikes!
& he meant it too...i goota go to williams now...smh....thanks ricky neal....ha!!!
the latter has some potential. King Kong mascot in high tops w ripped-out goal in hand. Intriguing.
“: Thank you baseball team. Football team will take care of shit next year #fucktheEagles” hell yeah.
The antique store I am in is selling TS Eliot's bathtub. Seriously.
O. M. G. finally got clickable profile links on new follower notification emails! KALOO KALAY! Web 1.1 Beta here we come! <3 <3 <3
Really? The site has been taken down it's supposed to redirect to the myspace. Domain probably expired, thanks for the heads up.
Pretty psyched about the new work space my colleague and I created with a little furniture redesign.
Big Man Japan ripened my day. Thank you, Seve Capp ;)
Hahahaha wow. Today is wednesday. tomorrow is thursday. Then FRIDAY. then saturday. then sunday :)
lol yep unfortunately we live in a generation where google is everything so why not hehe Ima try
Smooth flight to Ft. Lauderdale. Holy crap I'm hungry.
happy birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
such a good show!
New York Nannies, we have postions available with twins, live-in and live- out. We want to hear from you if interested in learning more!
Best Western Plus Cairn Croft Hotel/NIAGRA FALLS: $278) The Best Western Plus Cairn Croft hotel is conveniently located near the hear...
Starting my job today
I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut my door
Congrats to on the win. Makes me proud to be a fan from Wisconsin.
Tomorrow (8/18) - Rob, LIVE, online - www.iband.me :) Go sign up now; b ready to rock!!! Possible start time 8pm Cali time :)
twitter feeds can populate google +, but dynamic of content (140 characters), not as conducive to populating with rich data
STAND N N MY SHINE THEY GET A LITTLE GLOW, SO THEN THEY WANNA BE ME.. BUT WHEN THE HEAT GETS TURNED UP ! THEY SHOOK !!
why you?
I really appreciate when interviewers give feedback and advice. It helps remind you that they are on your side and relaxes you a little.
I hate to break this to the Garden but if Avery doing one mississippi in Brodeur's face didn't shake him then sure as hell MA-RTY won't.
Cops, taxi drivers, and drunk douche bags could not piss me off more than i am right now...
can't wait!!!
OMG me too!
cooking tacos
In fact I'm in NY doing the sales and national publicity thing right now!
We would like to thank and for coming out to meet with fans at Express Lube. Ya'll made the event a success!
Good lookin out boo
Yes I did. Those trailers are tuff. It doesn't look damaged. But they had to be going at a good speed.
Reading Stardust, and I'm constantly amazed at how can weave such a magically complex tale. Movie has nothing on the book!
Make 2012 successful by joining the PPC today!
thanks for RT. hope you are having a wonderful day.
I love the way you lie <3
My dog is really good at getting in the way
how did the shoot go brotha? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
entirely too happy that toddlers and tiaras is back on.
LAWLORFFS check out our tweet and start with DM'ing us your pics :)
Tomorrow will be bad. Dumb Algebra EOC...
Yep! I have the first album. Ok, so I also love NO, DM, Moz, *HUGE Talk Talk fan* and Erasure. But PSB is my fav
cucur for breakfast \m/
Why act normal when u were born to stand out :) -dr. Seuss .. wise words
Um, you blocked me....
2012 Debate Review: If Romney won, President Obama is definitely still #winning!
pardon! euridice et spiritus is a followback creature... butbutbut... follows 2k and twitter has a no-can-follow-more peeps prison... 4 now.
Done working smoothies with early today!
It's #FF so tell your friends about us!
I don't feel good. I would much rather stay home tomorrow.
These last two days tho >>>>>>
looking forward to shooting interviews with and at
lol man dont let me pull out my calendar. I have you logged lol
Coloring Books to Print and educational Jumbo workbooks | Kids Care
Hey brothers! How is it that a delicately fondled piano and a few visuals can turn a simple chat into pure ecstasy?
Were still giving away a free Dell Laptop next month...Enter in by commenting or messaging us on Facebook and Twitter....Happy Monday : )
Lots to do this week.
Kelly Kapowski is at the kid's music class. Today's officially not getting any weirder.
When the music changes, so does the dance
Let's go Lakers!!
i'm making those teeth white x)
Appointments can be made to browse product at Lovesick Clothing's studio space, message for more details.
": Ima need cats to get some more accomplishments before they start feeling comfortable...smh #pumpfakers"
not that we need to do any shopping, but I've got an itch to buy some shorts & MAYBE a dress.
Kevork Mourad's solo exhibition "Spring" is at Gallery Z in Providence through April 7
another airline would be good for MKE, especially since Frontier is going to die...
Kicking off a QR code web clinic at 12:30 with
I was thinking "damn it feels good to be a gangster" :)
yea I just caught onto that..hahaha. Oops
haha nah it's cool. I'm not starting until April, but who am I gonna go with to Outback? No partners in crime...
As long as pizza isn't code for sex. Apparently humping the air is an awkward response to "Do you want pizza for lunch?"
wow being harsh on him! Haha he's a nice guy
Done with tanning. Time to head to class.
and over drinks!
come to Pittsburgh! Please and thank you. Or, at least somewhere nearby. WVU would be epicness of filthy proportions.
You look so great!!!! Super hottie!
back to your pain meds you little shit! How you feeling btw?
Thanks 4 following my tweets. Look 4ward 2 following you 2 and being encouraged ~ I pray God's blessings on Believers Tab
Surprise mystery treats always make for a good Monday.
How? He's been here for a long time with no post season production.
I actually hate watching singing competitions because it just makes me realize how un-talented I am compared to them.
not within the 1st few minutes of waking up. We're like diesel engines, we need time to wake up
It's all ASU right now - they lead WF 32-15. 3:30 before half.
you too Mary :-)
Keep you're going to be c
a D-I-Y project can quickly turn into why-did-i (attempt to do this)?
I could almost see just staying at this on days like the past few. But no. I can't wait to go back to making work.
This sound guy is PISSED at the production crew haha. Good thing im in his group!
Ok, BRB
IM IN!
(At Valor) MT : Dawkins is really looking forward to spending time with his son, Brian Jr., who is a HS frosh. He plays CB + WR
I have to though. I'm tired.
Why am I getting emails from "Fudgie the Whale"???
YES it's true! As requested, this morning come join me for Extend & Restore Beverly Hills a great way to rejuvenate your being!
I'm workin out with my guys in HellKatt this weekend...
watching never seen before footage of trayvon in the corner store on our local news.......hm
A Middle school science teacher at my school found the joy of video gaming in education, and now he blogs about it. check it out!...
I can't understand why he keep pronouncing Memphis like Memfus smh I wonder where that's at? Lol
Thank you, #desperatehoousewives for years of fabulous entertainment! I will miss you...
How did you know about my penchantmfr seersucker?
I wish it was still goin on
Two Altoids at once. Oh yes...I went there.
Digable Planets. Whoa. Talk about #stuffwhitepeoplelike, and they are playing in Houston this weekend!
If you're wondering, the Emerson library has no books on hula dance
RT : On the way to Highgrades to watch Like a Lion.....its finished, ready to see my life flash before my eyes!!!! INSPIRED!!!
Chilaquiles con Machaca- Tortilla Chips baked in fresh salsa, w Braised Beef, fried eggs, cheese, black beans, lettuce, tomato, sour cream
I publicly apologize for the fact that you like hockey.
Or at least Tommy Chong!
Entities...not people
did u buy some tilapia I can cook for u
Big Thanks to Comet, Hi-Hat & Balzac for supporting the market performers this year!
yes! No problem, see you tomorrow!
Big ups to winners and !!!!
By that definition the North Georgia Mountains are "the North". Mason-Dixon line.
Thanks nationwide for giving me my own health care debit card with an allowance. Just ordered new contacts. Starting to see blurry
"us physicists can't change our objects. he can and I admire him for it". Martin Pohl on collab with artist Christian Gonzenbach
I'm on the verge of doing just that!
#DontBeScared to follow me back! lol ;)
i'm from Richmond but i live in L.A
bout to go eat sum of my cake n ice-cream
August #reverb11 email goes out tomorrow. Sign up on our list if you'd like to receive it!
Morrissey performing at the Fox Theater in Oakland this Thursday (12/1-8pm)
Good morning.
is my bitch we better hang out tomorrow, wanted to chill
chocolate for breakfast. i also need coffee.
When you can't find one shoe <<<<
Harvard: FAS votes for self-archiving w/ opt out.AAP objected.You know faculty members totes read those contracts. #notheydon't
Sitting in a movie theater, saying "We need to see that!" after every trailer.
And Swirles saves the day.
“: Dear publishers, please stop publishing bad thinkers just because they are good writers.” // nice thought
If that's wrong, I don't wanna be right. Now stop tweeting, and get back to living! :D
Until the first half of the twentieth century, many doctors thought that #arthritis was the result of bad teeth.
I'm embarrassed
RE: Quality - cheap toys and clothes don't ilicit law suits like lackluster HC. I think we'd see the power of generic drugs in bulk
You're being very short sighted for ignoring statistics. They are a reflection of what happens on the court Mike
Headed to for a shoot
excited to paint a wall of my new apartment next week with whiteboard paint. let the ideas and innovation begin!
#TTYLXOX has to be the best song to describe anybody's long lasting friendship. So let's make it #1!!!!!
if I woke up from a coma and Channing Tatum told me he was my husband I wouldn't question it. ;) #TheVow <3
Follow me please follow mee follow mee follow me x_x
"The way you see them is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is the way they often become." Zig Zigler
Ah got it, and yes, it was friggin' awesome.
Golden Age
Hey Phoenix, thnx for following
Buy GE and C. Best large caps in the Dow
Thanks to all our swappers, helpers + The Beach House for an awesome #SwapDay yesterday! We had blast spreading swap love to the Northshore!
I beginning to belief none of are going to make it out alive
Thursday's seminar at Valpo Uptown Cafe' was a success thanks to Heather, Jay and Charles and Ollie the Goalie,Jeffrey and Brent stopped by!
Don't forget today is National Donut Day! Check out participating locations of and for free goodies!
what time will Men go on?
hahahahaha this is true...
Thanks for the #FF Chris! Can't wait to hear about your next project! You are always doing good things in education innovation!
I'm dieing
Bumping Tupac This Morning In The Kitchen!
I hear they're good in a soup. #sarcasticresponse. LOL
Love everything about black enterprise, It's a tool for the good life.
Wake up in the morning, and feeling: <U+2610> Like P. Diddy <U+2610> Like a G6, <U+2610> a plastic bag, <U+2611> Like going back to sleep.
come visit! Free stay in DC pretty much all summer haha
Okay so I find the cream at the last place I would ever have thought about...Kmart!! Now this is backward compared to the CITY. SMH than ...
Insert my lack of NFL Draft knowledge....here.
NEW YORK ALL DAY.......I SEE YU HATIN ASS PAT FANS, SLAP NUTZ ACROSS YA FOREHEADS!!!!
Never Say Never.
PREACH!! i'd tap dat in a 2 sec
thanks Rica RT: “: Just put $10 in the jukebox. Time to drink away the family drama...”
Will you respond if I say "Hello"??? :-)
continuing last night's theme, Twitter ahead of TV, websites with #NFLdraft picks
What I'm saying is that Shawn Johnson was perfect just the way she was. Stupid, stupid media jerkoffs.
Happy Labor Day. I'm at work.... hope you all are somewhere having fun and relaxing
Yeah, possibly next-gen student education track :)
HAPPY HOUR from 5-7pm! Come in and get your happy on--> $1 off ALL DRAFTS!! 1/2 off PUB MENU!! $5 LONG ISLANDS!!! Can't make it before 7p...
RT : We're not friends. We're strangers with memories.
yo u is a
Used to be a really nice shirt. Had "Hood Rich" embroidered in the collar. 2-300 dollars or so. Seriously.
Turn that vaccum down
#happy .! Good grades.!
Best spelling of my name by a Starbucks barista: Rabera
thanks we had a wonderful night.
Bow bow bow
is available in a convenient 3 oz. Roll-on in both the WARM & COOL therapy. www.sombraUSA.com
No coffee, dairy, gluten or alcohol for the next few weeks. Am I loving or punishing myself?
Many 3rd party comment systems require steady ids, clickable profiles & comment logs, but not necc real names
Skyline for dinner last night, Qdoba for lunch today & Jeff Ruby's for dinner tonight... & haven't spent a dime. Could get used to this :)
i will
"Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust."
that sounds PERFECT! Lemme pack my gbp NOW. ;)
I loved the West Side Story piece!!
A Daydream Away - All Time Low
Last night I found out Charles Grodin was born in 1935.
Haha, I like books though, as long as they are 50 pages long and have lots of pictures (:
right when I'm about to fall asleep my phone always goes off grrr
yeah yo i brought it today but you werent here
GAB: About 50,000 unique visitors to Recall Webcam.
100s of people in neon light suits doing the running man is pretty much what the choreographed rendition of my life will be like.
hearing a lot of good feedback about the Blogger Lounge at #sxswedu, stop by and give us a shout!
done and done! Can't wait to read! Please send to
It was pretty amazing. And so great to be outside in the sun being active after all that time working my brain indoors.
Gym and food overload :-/
What you mean sis hmu ! RT : This girl my brother has been RT'ing these days...let me find out
#FF ... don't just follow, please also DONATE a few bucks to that awesome harm reduction enterprise. they save lives.
So excited! My folks are arriving for a visit today!
on my way to the airport!
I'm glad you are back at #PMTS! Now hurry and finish so you can make the world beautiful!!!
really! Well at least it's not to much longer. Right? :)
I want to call this: Needing a home. It's an old habit.
Hope this referee is ready to say goodbye to FIFA work. Back to the rec league after this debacle.
cool didn't know that! But i think any drink if shared among friends in a circle automatically becomes a friendship drink!
this Thursday!! CRS?&APX1 - FREE!! All vinyl All night!! @ Crazy Horse 3 Obsession.. Josh Swissman, Rize, Chuck B, Tasha, Bpss, & Specialist
ohh my good i completly understand!!!!!
At the coffee shop with my daughter today.
Just napped for the first time since spring break. IT WAS AMAZING.
thanks. Just left the house. Will def give a listen later
What baseball team do they root for? Texas Rangers?
Ed the Dred Scott Decision has never been Overturn by the Supreme Court the 14th Amendment made you an artificial person
We should take all the money that we are saving at Sam Swope and build a new arena. "I saved $226!!!!!"
Thanks Gene!
then he needs to give Baltimore Soundstage a call. bcuz mad ppl are getting scammed out of bread already.
Assuming Cheney's new heart was human, I have no doubt it will reject HIM, and not vice-versa. No drugs for THAT.
Make your dreams stay big, and make your worries stay small.
#ThatEx you still f.ck every now & then
Hilarious -- and sadly, true. RT Tyson Jackson is a great teammate. Celebrates others tackles.
Any lost to the Oakland A’s on your home field should count as three losses. End of story.
Why? Tiger doesn't care about you or me. Always been that way RT : Tiger should take lesson from how Rory handled his interview
no problem.! .xx
Found out some very interesting news 2 hours ago. Shit is mind blowing....Good night!
Brazilian visa in progress
Thank you Jessica. Blessings for a great weekend ALL : )
The Silk Tie likes Dr. Gonzo! he also recommends getting wasted with a tie on, it's pretty sweet. thesilktie.com
thanks so how bout you? i know you got 'bout a billion in the bank by now
When a banker jumps out of a window, jump after him -- that's where the money is.
I'm not even gonna tweet today.
#Blunderbuss just might be Jack Whites masterpiece
LIVE GAME POKER TIP: When the flop comes and an opponent immediately looks at his chips, he has a strong hand.
I'm a very confident person but woke up feeling insecure. Ugh! How do people go through life feeling like this all the time?
Preparing and finalizing details for Linda & John's wedding on July 9th. Westeria is the color and i cannot wait until Saturday.
Antonia, animated eloquence
All set for Mondays NEC Users' group event #NEC3UG. James and Duncan from BIW attending, lots of clients and familar faces to catch up with
#RiseNGrind ... Time to get it in at #24HourFitness LeeeeeeGooooo!!!
I always thought the opening sequence should have used GOLPH cards instead of regular cards, but it's still a great film!
hello debra, how are you
why are ppl saying that Ne-Yo is Gay? Is he
I have 2 tickets for the Shuttle Launch on 10/16 f/the Causeway. have to work so I cant go. Posted on Orlando Craigslist
ok :D tell me when your leaving
We love you too:) Hope you're having a great day and remember to take time to relax and breathe!
okay, football freaks, what the hell does BCS stand for... and is it anything like the RPI in hoops?
Home from church(:
had a great meeting to discuss digital humanities collaboration between and
a beautiful day in Kaunakakai, Molokai!!!! Aloha and Happy Thanksgiving!!
can I have a cheese stick
we can give you a percentage, but that would have to be discussed, we're Sesac Affiliated
JUSTIN NEEDS TO BECOME AN UNDERWEAR MODEL OK
RT : "Yoga is bodily gospel." ~Reaven Fields
Wisconsin Rapids Lincoln alma mater of is defending champion of the boys Monona Grove Invitational. Girls compete Saturday
The audience signs are so funny.
The candy you were talking about on Adam Carollas show, from Trader Joes? What is it called?
Friendship and money: oil and water. - Mario Puzo
I don't blame you! Especially when they've been a part of your life for such a long & wonderful time:(
is watching my favorite movie of all time "Crooklyn"
yep! Can we help you guys get famous?
Thanks for the reply, much appreciated!
I like that Gotye song, and I'm annoyed that other people do too. My brain is telling me to be "over it" but I just can't.
hmm I should probably study for the AP Psych test tomorrow, but I figure if I dont know it now whats the point??
Love, love, love Crepes On the Corner! Go now, they have exactly what you want!
Nice Danny!!! Enjoy your trip! ;)
Nationals/Phillies game before Game of Thrones. Bam.
How did you arrive at this formula? How has it worked for you?
it's so eerie...it feels like the set-up to a bad horror movie
hey big head why haven't you accepted my oovoo request???
Lol on bloods
Happy Birthday!
it was for 16 teams,
ASTD RMC FREE networking event in Denver. Check it out at www.astdrmc.org. Happening next Tues. 11/17 - register soon, space is limited!
Need some Ink bro? Check out some of my work. Im in L.A.
did you get my email?
Hecks yes “: How about that homer from Cabrera? #Tigers”
join a gang. not a club.
#teenwolf oh yeah
Olaf Olafsson author completed his 4th book while working full time as a Sr. VP Warner/we can make time to achieve our dreams.
How bout 31?
#KingOfKings ... AGAIN! HOT DAMN!
why don't they get raptured already
she ask me who i think i am, I told that bitch im ME.
#np: Baby - Justin Bieber
#itsalwaystheuglypeople ; Who think that they're hotter than everyone.
Indeed, it was traumatizing. I thought citrus fruits were friendly. Def good defining attribute for the tangelo: vicious!
Wat yo jean game like voc u still gt them farmer pants
I am buying ear muffs.
confessionhour I kissed a girl...and I liked it.
5 year old chica singing LMFAO on the bus, perfect way to start off Tuesday
How many of you have a tattoo of your favorite character or person???
FDA sent out warning letters to jack3d manufacturer. Is jack3d as dangerous as cocaine? Let us know what you think.. Send us your thoughts
yea I'm high on life
loving Sound Cloud & all the people posting some crazy edits of my favorite classics
": wait !!! Were still waiting on the groom ! I swear !!" << ok they got five minutes
Thanks for visiting my daughter's class in Mount Horeb. They really enjoyed the time they had with you.
Neighbor island's representing well in the Wally Yonamine Foundation State Baseball Championships #Maui #Kauai and
RT : The only thing worse than training your employees and having them leave is not training them and having them stay ~ Henry Ford
If we project our past experiences into the future we create the same results. We need to give the future a chance to show up anew and fresh
They gon learn tomorrow!
Good Morning
Good Morning Beauties! Inner quote: Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.-David Wilkerson Enjoy your day!
Thanks for the mighty #FF!!
dude seriously when r u not drunk???? Party on good man, party on! It's a rough job but someone has to do it :)
has anyone ever tried hitting you lol <-Kelsey xoxo>
Hahahaha took me a sec rt : columbus license plate: IMWETODDED
no grudge match this week. going to be casting some humorous 2v2 reps with at 1030pst
What are you listening to today?
what's really good?
ENTER YOUR CLICKBANK NICKNAME SO YOU CAN EARN COMMISSIONS WHEN PEOPLE ORDER FACEBOOK AD POWER FROM YOUR LINK INSIDE THIS REPORT
Thanks for spreading the word!
Yea I Hope So
Las Vegas HCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas. Use "Facebook" coupon code for your FIRST order to save $8!! www.lasvegashcg.com
Want to find out the latest info about CampusEAI's Annual Users Conference this June? Follow to get all the details
Me, too. Hope you have a great day!
Let me find some tunes to workout to for the day..
my friday night consists of popcorn, my blanket, twitter & The Vow.
dont think it would look good on me! ;)
I don't know man, La Numba (or Nuba?) at Down Town Disney is really amazing. Definitely worth checking out
He's worked EVERYWHERE. Undeniably notable credentials, but isn't it time to try something different?
Very nice! The first & last shot are my favorites
nah I have family over
I feel Horrible right now drank to much last night
We been out in the cherry red 75 cadillac wit the 5th wheel recordin this video all day..rosazy, loud, if u see us ask hit the blunt/bottle
2 bad I ain't in LA I can't get no free wings out here I should still go in and ask jus to see wat they would say
explorer seem to be blocked on this computer..
Out of sight, out of mind, in other words, half the people you meet, you'll forget about them once u no longer see or hear from them.
Black girl down....
Life throws the bad things at us to make the good things all the more worthwhile…
Limousines or VIP services needed for your upcoming Vegas party. Call 888.558.3427 were always here to help.
Honoring all who served; Happy Veterans Day!
sure thing, DM me your address please!
Happy the people from OK are safe from the earthquake..
Thanks for following me<3!(:
#Mets' memories from Subway Series: Matt Franco in 1999, Robin Ventura slide, David Wright walk-off, Delgado, Milecki, Finally A Sweep
My schools messed up. For detention you have to stand up and stare at the brick wall for an hour
19 drivers busted today in San Diego for illegal use of disabled placards. DMV says they face big fines, possible jail time.
yup when are we going to the zoo?
Welcome to the twitterverse. :)
-.- me too. science final is tomorrow right?
Hey Charles, I will be in town this weekend so if you need help just let me know
Mac Makeup will be closed today from 6pm for a private event, be sure to do your shopping early!
in da house on a friday i can dig it ...real laid back smoking kush watching martin
Game day! Caps must win for the series and an early birthday present for me. My birthday is tomorrow on Easter Sunday. GO CAPS :)
thanks for the ID!
Right now I can't be with yah and I don't wanna forget yah. Please refresh my memory, with your dirty picture (;
Ah! The conference officially begins. Waiting on like for coffee. Looking forward to hearing Jim Collins.
Appalachian Granny ! Pie Addicts Anonymous meeting Sat., 3/24, 1-3 pm. Stop in for lunch! Order take home pies in advance!
Finished the first hunger games books and I can't wait to start the second one
Conducting a little unscientific survey: Have you visited us yet? If so, did you stay a night or were you here for dinner/drinks or event?
Oh shoot. I forgot about the rapture and just ate taco bell. Was that really my last meal?!?
rocky mountain oysters?
Then walk down the street for a pint at the Brook Green Hotel for a perfect evening.
Only one lecture today. Then I can go back home and take a nap. Must recover from this morning :S
My 3 year old brother keeps sayin that he 'Beez in the trap'
.: Hey guys, glad to find you here on Twitter! Now I can really keep up with what's shakin' downtown! (Think I need some soup!)
about to do some damage today around atlanta. haha.
Those State Farm commercials with Aaron Rodgers can stop anytime now.
Thank you for the #FF :)
infp or enfp, depending on how I answer one question.
hey Chris -- got your request on LinkedIn... Just haven't had a chance to log in yet. I'm not ignoring you!
agreed! I still get cravings for the snooki!!!
take ur ass to PR!! So I can go lol
I am hungry now.
Great questions at GW MEMSI "Ecological Movement" panel about what abilities sustainability sustains and for whom.
wow. I thought I already was? What a let down.
I don't know why I even set alarms
nowhere yet, if you come back you could stay here or move into your crib down here and go to IUPUI
Dang it! I was hoping to catch the 9pm show. Boo me. RT Both screenings are sold out tonight... thanks San Diego!
I need a drink after this shitty game!!
its good I cant complain at all... Hows the babies doin??
LOL went from 'laugh out loud' to 'i have nothing else to say...'
Follow me on Twitter:
Been pretty busy tonight, apologizing for Party Rockin'
Turkey or Tajikistan: who has more fun? there's really only one way to find out...
Heading out for an afternoon run
okay man. No problem :) I'm proud of all the great work you been doing :) have fun tomorrow filming ok?
RT : Excellent info. I've been told about warm downs but no one has ever emphasized it or explained how to do it
My professor thinks my research topic is "a good one".
RT deep»RT : Coda: "If you're the smartest person in the room, then you're in the wrong room."
Hello! You have a great eye!
President Obama picked #OhioState to win tonight.
I'm blue, if I was green I would die, if I was green, I would die, if I was green I would die, if I was green I would die.
would the Colts be interested in a winterfest to benefit the foundation? I'm with the local curling club. Let me know, 49ers had 1
told ya, no worries
M sometimes I throw in a chopped up spicy black bean burger into the eggs! Try it :)
lol keep going!! You're almost done:)
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good. ~ Anon
Congrats to James Guen of #FortBend County for winning Nook at #ElectionCenter conference!
Families prosper from childcare - pull themselves up. Cuts hurt today and will hurt our future
i think you'll be okay sans Twilight or Harry Potter
Yes, "regifting"! I think it is a verb, indeed. I know it's something I do. ;)
lmao! I cant keep up
white russians!
"Monday Monday...can't trust that day." ~Mamas and the Papas
hahahaha my bad. lol sorry bro.(;
#NickCarr at #Phorum12 discussing #Cloud Computing as a platform for innovation itself. How will this change markets? Great discussion.
unfortunately no
can not wait to go home to nj this weekend!
Feeling single ....
Imagine Dragons is actually really good. Like I'm not even kidding, look them up. Now.
that's a great idea - it's a thriving business
Thank you for supporting my campaign. I will work hard for you and your familly!
Agreed. gotta wait until the next RBZ model releases and the price drops.
If youre on the iPhone twitter app and you type a tweet, then hold the delete key and make the speaker wah-wah w/ ur hand- dolphin sounds.
He kiss mines, and I kiss his back. Since he a real nigga, he deserve that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
And also I apologize for my frequent tweeting tonight.
Albertosaurus fossil uncovered at Santa Monica Beach
I'm at at a fiddle recital. We'll demo a little jazz afterwards.
“: that's the type of intensity they need in the playoffs.”<~~yea it is we will bounce back
b ry goin hard at me right now! Raise ur glass up bry, o wait u cant get ur arm that high.
xbox on, beats on, plate in the micro...tml
I have a new hobby.. I love collecting phone cases I just got the COOLEST one at the mall :D
Dang! Just realized... I missed Eliza Doolittle Day!
Okay. Where and when do you want to meet? Could you come to Sova on H St?
Crap!!! I forgot to buy a new book to read after west test :(
Note to self: "Don't forget your driver's license on July 12. That would be terribly ironic."
watchin the 2010 teen choice awards
he gave me a high five unfortunately I didn't get a chance to meet him because of the mob of girls that was around him! :(
awesome, thanks!
what did you get caught?
Very cool!
Absolutely! Really enjoyed the article!
you gotta know what your getting yourself into ;p
thats the view from my office
DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B? more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???
We are still looking for hair models for an upcoming photo shoot at the salon. Please contact Naz Kupelian Salon at 781-676-7791
ehh, i have better ones
if you LOVE the #CELTICS follow
Dozed off on a bed in Ikea and woke to a little girl laying next to me staring... I think I am her new best friend.
Lowkey tho Driicky Graham is becoming one of my favorite rappers he bout be bangin out my speakers
AJ Burnett got me -31 points today. That's right. Negative, 31 points. I've seen it all now.
Red Sox vs KC or anything else? Anything else wins by a mile. NFL soon:)
So glad to be home!
First #wifilmfest of a five-film day *'Jiro Dreams of Sushi' Set to roll. Get it?
Hi!;) J2S i like your icon pic!;)
I'm definitely not complaining, though. Haha.
wow really.
lmaooo yea right i wonder if all girls know that FL lingo
Lol! I can still drink with the best of em' just the next day isn't the best for me anymore.
Momentum is usually overvalued in these situation, but City have to be over the moon right now. Theirs for the taking.
Will do!
at least the airlines only violate you with extra fees unlike prison.
Have a great weekend everyone! Thanks for sharing and we'll see you on Monday.
Tsunami warning sirens are going off.
actually I think those would be forensic photographers...
Note to cleantech entrepreneurs: Public support for tablets was once at all time lows too. Technology will make the case, if done right.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!!!
Driving across border to buy lottery tickets? I think I am...
: I had a good 15 years with her. Rescues are the best
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great Easter weekend!
Turkey troubles? Advisers are standing by Thanksgiving dinner is in less than 24 hours - do you know where your turkey is? Here's hoping
Not that I really want to hear from her, but I want to know if Alicia's actions in the game have hurt her job. I would think so.
": how's ur day baby??" Ok, not too bad. About to go to bed. Long day tomorrow
He makes sure he is worth my time, everytime. Game recognize game
RT : That walk of shame when throw something in the trashcan...& miss. RT <been there!
Wisconsin dells brewers? Where's tommy bartlett?
2morrow son. I gotta wash that beast its mad dirty lol. Pepsi blue riding dirty
Slurpee's are good
I had a blast with you all today! Hope we will meet again sometime soon. I wish you all luck! :)
My CD Sentimental Swing is on the playlist of the internationally syndicated radio show "Anything Goes"!!! World wide exposure...humbling...
oh really
i wish i had u
Andy Shallal of #busboys&poets takes the stage
pretty much!
DC GIS Steering Committee just approved the new DC GIS Business Plan! DCGIS.dc.gov
Congratulations to the #band kids - wonderful #concert tonight!
I LIVE IN FLORIDA......LOLOLOLOLOL =0
np(: i love your eyes
That was a point.
Talk less & listen more
Conservation tip for the day. Use a broom instead of a hose to clean your driveway and sidewalk and save water every time.
over-packing for my three day research trip to Chicago
oh okay. Btw they are not checking for ID literally at all at the Roxy; they said its a day event&they don't check until later
RT : Juan Vargas gets the Dem endorsement with 72%. Huge.
he'll come with his own numbers. It's like we are living in Russia
Wedding week! Hoping for my second graders to be angels as Ms. Patterson will be a Mrs. By the end of the week!;)
RT : Morning Meditation: You will live in your own peace or your own conflict, it's a choice you must make in your mind.
Loves the new store in Chicago on Ohio street!
GOOD DAY TODAY how are your bieber fans today:D I Heart my always in my heart love love love......
I have a friend looking for contract/freelance UX/UI designers and front-enders (HTML/CSS/jQuery) for immediate projects. Ping me please.
that's a lot of <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>! Let's discuss dates.
lmaoo<3333 , I'll seed what I can find, chhiiicka(: u have a superman shirt?(:
DONE WITH HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL AFTER 11 YEARS! :)
that my cats will actually (sometimes) come when I call.
PT this morning said that I'm about 3 steps closer to running again. couldn't be more excited. hopefully back out there next week!!!
well we missed out today but I definitely expect you in Zumba on Thursday!
doesn't it?! I might just do it
Sweatpants, baggy hoodie, hair pulled back.. time to sleep while everyone's at school.
You don’t have to hold on to pain, grief, guilt, anger or the burdens that belong to your past.
Bdubs with the boys for marios birthday!
ayyy....one question WHERE MY BABY TINA ?LBS
i feel like i am a weight 4 some ppl
Hey Old Friend :) Long Time No.....Speak? Haha :P
If you HAD to change your name, what would you change it to?
Awesome night tonight! Had a great time at Sandbar
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got Raiders,Niner game tickets todayformybday
It's official, flights to Maine are booked!!
it has indeed :)
Claim that shit!
That check I owe you, that you need to pay you taxes? I'll have it next week. Now, do my project by tomorrow.
My mom comes home with her friend & is loud saying "we crashed a prom with a black girl" lmfao!
What time works for you, lady?
People gossip and flip shit to make themselves feel superior.
Martin Luther King had a dream. What is your dream? Have you pushed it back? There is still time? If Yes = retweet; No = dismiss the tweet
Thanks for the kind words, hermano.
yeah kaydens using Web & Kaydens in mobile.
Bear walks into a bar. Bear says, "Hi... ... ... I'd like to order a drink." Bartender says, "Sure, but why the big paws?"
Trying so hard to stay awake in Chemistry. This class just gets more boring every single day.
get well!
I may have to start with smarmy and work my way up. Not flying out of ORD won't help though.
Leave it to to make a boring draft even more boring by having a fake meaningless draft by guys who have never strapped on pads
1st one also hot RT : #gamechange Sarah palin: a retarded puppy I kinda feel bad for. Real life #sarahpalin: still a hateful bitch"
Delighted to 'meet' you ! I look forward to our artful conversations!
Jefferson #WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect!
lol imma try I'm new at this
I know!! But I'm the opposite I go out durning the week stay in during the weekends!!! No hookah bar? Maybe ihop?
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE JESUS!!!
You're dead to me - Romney to some unnamed dude on "using weapons of the left."
Thanks! Awesome to hear!
Quick! someone help us get another follower, we are on 666. haha
I really need to get up n clean!
Unless there is a blizzard, we're there. Weeknights 'til 1+ F & S 'til 2 at both locations.
Little Tokyo is the best place to buy expensive things made in China.
I have soccer playoffs tomorrow!!<3 You think you can wish me luck to help boost my confidence?!(:<3
I broke up with her/him (its usually the other way around..)
Court records suggest former Doernbecher nurse charged with child pornography will be released from federal custody
New educational videos to grow your business are coming!
Road Quote of the Day: "A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” – John Steinbeck
is dehydrated.
Hello Wisconsin<U+270C>
3-day vacation! Celebrating 5 years of being a Burcke!!!!!
This rain needs to go away
Treat others how you want to be treated.
Avengers Assemble!
brooklyn 15 years.
Food for thought. Grab a plate RT As an #actor you have to be hungry. RT if it is time to eat!
Waited for my sister to go to the store and as soon as she left smoked a personal bowl .. feel me #KEEPITLIT without her
#CNN: Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert Kennedy, Jr, has died.
I take full responsibility for myself and my actions
is too busy comparing himself to Cameron Crowe to hang with me at the Chain & the Gang Show.
Bring it on girlfriend! Snap snap. Which race did you do?
Saying 'I don't read' or 'I hate books' doesn't make you cool, it makes you look super unintelligent. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Aw, did I see you guys?? I wish I had seen that tweet earlier, I would have said hello!
Enjoyed the live stream last night! It was fun watching u play Mass Effect 2 & Gears 3. Sorry I couldn't stay until the end.
#YouTube importer now live in Scalar: Stripe > Tools > Import. This week we'll wrap up pagination of the import results.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher. Can relocate any where in the U.S. Call me, Email me or Plea…
hey what's the topic for next tues meetup? I think I might finally be able to make it again
Awh thank you so so much!!
According to the 2010 FBI Computer Crime Survey, 71% of all U.S. companies endanger themselves by not having Internet liability insurance
Jus got home had a long day at school
Life is what u make
Marquis Mason: "I will play. I'm going to do everything in my power to get on the field this season."
I TOTALLY SUPPORT YOU GIRL...
200 yrs since the massive New Madrid quake. Agents should check out "Tecumseh's Revenge"
Wish I knew what you are thinking.
why u say that? Where u at?
I do not believe any major candidate needs so much money. They are on TV news so often anyhow. PACs also do their work.
Probable correct charge, being arrested doesn't mean he is guilty, just the way to clear his name if he think he is; no public lynchings
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKS!!!
It's A Long Drive Back Vegas Skies, So Why Don't I Make One More Wrong Turn Tonight?
on my back. wheels up. in the yard. not gonna lie. this is all yer getting outta me today!
What shall we use to fill the empty spaces where we used to talk? Pink Floyd makes me really philosophical some nights.
"When the game is over I just want to look in the mirror, win or lose, and know I gave it everything I had." -Joe Montana
So bored i hate Sundays -___-
I work all the time baby:(((
Always say btwn Madison/Princess. Same applies for Oronoco: O-Ron-Oco? RT What I still don't know... how to pronounce "Wythe."
Are the #Cardinals using the Victoria secret "pink" line for their 2012 jerseys? Nice Gold colors, cry baby girly boys.
I feel like this Friday the 13th is going to be a very interesting and promising day.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to keep clients in touch with what you do. Ask us how: 918-271-0062
from Vermouth to God's ears, or something like that!
#DUI checkpoint by crown point y'all. Drive safe
I'm won't be there. I'll actually be in New Orleans for a friend's wedding.
With a smile of Christian charity great Casey's visage shone;
Wow! 's dress is beautiful. Love the color! Not sure how she walks though!!
Let's not compare! We're all gorgeous ladies if I do say so myself!
Not leavin Oregon I guess
Excellent leadership training on #change management today!
Im so sick of rain and having to do my hair everyday
my phone is f'ed up its not letting me txt :(
Thanks! I'm going in the fall!
I just want to leave! This is so fucking annoying! How do I snap my car key in half AND, in the same night, my boyfriend lose his car key?!
Wallmart has brown paper sacks on sale this week. Just sayin.
Yea. All my cousins still do it for my grandmother. The oldest is 27 and my sister the youngest is 14
Hope to see you bring home the National Championship hardware next weekend as well!
Ahh, memories lol, it still goes hard on the paint! RT : bring it back, bring it back, bring it back lol
I love you soo much beautiful!:)
Good morning
RTthat first, but when I RT him, it didn't show up
Hey Jessica :)
Follow my New Friend she follows back
Oh get yo money ready philly gonna wooping ass all year.
TONIGHT TOMORROW NEXT WEEK NEXT MONTH MORE BANDS MORE DRINKS MORE SMOKES WHEN DOES IT END AND WHAT IS THE TRUE NATURE OF OUR EXISTENCE
"Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for." ~ Viktor E. Frankl
Thank u!!
St.Louis tomorow
#CSU cam out in 2nd looking like they just realized they're in the #NCAA tourney.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
if you speak your mind and he wants to leave-let him leave, your mind will always be my mind....someone else will love it
whatever jerk lololol go take a class lololol
Anyone who makes "apple pies to die for" must be a wonderful person. Thx for the follow.
Basketball tournament tomorrow :)
Omg!! Vote for .. he is so amazing!!! I love him.. def my fav of the night
WINNING TICKETS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN SEE U PREFORM ON MANDAY TWEET BACK PLEASE -MAHOMIE FOR LIFE P.S I REALLY WANT TO SEE YOU
I did it. 200 warm up. 40 x 100 free drill on the 1:32 with 25 seconds rest. 200 warm down. That was HARD. 4400 yds.
My hole is tired and leaking.
I'm glad Austin is moving to pursue his dreams for his fans& himself; But honestly he shouldn't b/c he's just a big YouTube star nothin more
Ive been devouring everything in sight this week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
Just left the studio for a few
We have healthier body images portrayed in media (and in White House). Not enuf Chanel Iman's to sway me! :)
that should be a standard process. what were you told?
Thanks for the follow. Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3 Best of luck with your music!
Jane will be leading the panel on retina flow at #ascrsasoa2012 at 1 PM today Room 192C
I love watching actors I currently admire in movies they were in when they weren't recognizable. I learn so much! TY
Yea:p
is 6'3 an awesome designer and dating Mick Jagger. She is #TeamTallGirls and another reason why #TallGirlsRock! Stand Tall :)
ive been ignoring poor birdy city because I have been too preoccupied with art. time to get back on the horse! destination birdy city!!!!
That's it. I'm a shaman. Tonight I determined that my friend's spirit animal is a moth.
LOVE IT!!! i cannot wait until Thursday!!!oh snap!!! its gonna be fun...idk whats up with me and these letters lol
Good luck! Don't stress too much! : Soccer tryouts later just hoping for that varsity spot
Monday is here again, so it is #weightloss roll call time! How was your #HCG weight loss this weekend?
I can't stop hiccupping.
"I just saved this tiny bird from being eaten by vultures"
Important insight from "different types of people use different types of tools" - need to do a variety of #gov20 initiatives
(William Shakespeare) This above all: To thine own self be true.
Wish I would have written an accountability script that could tweet all those people that pledged to do #codeyear and see where they're at.
Ah - So not Chancey in Being There either.
Milwaukee is a delightfully silly place sometimes: at the Landmark to watch Yellow Submarine on the big screen.
Im sorry Austin.. I don't wanna call you this, but.. you're a player. I mean, you have so many girlfriends. In fact, all girl-Mahomies. Hihi
Love you boys<3 RT Little late on our part, but the San Diego show as amazing! You guys killed it! Thank you so much
My phone wasn't cooperating during the sessions today...either no signal or low battery...very frustrating to
“: on a Thursday? Oh snap! #fistpumpchapstickpushup take a ride in my sexpedition lala ladies” O ya ;)
So sick of my "friends" treating me like shit.
Good way to start the weekend: finding out they job you currently have is up for hire.
thx for the mention
PS - hope you're having fun at #GoToExplore Patrick!
look at this fag. <3
So sore. I can't even walk down the stairs.
Just a few more days the I'm out of here
Friday the 13th is always a lucky day for me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
To learn who is hiring, when they are interviewing, etc. I don't need the despair - that's what colleagues are for.
#nisoEbook LaRue have integrated ebooks into their VUfind catalog, can read in browser they created or download
now i bet if we lose they still gone blame my nigga James smh
Minister is a funky track! after the mellow Smooth Jazz CD I do next Im going to do a Funky Jazz all up temple, then retire Ha!!
We wish all you mothers a very happy Mother's Day!
How has bringing an #iPad or #tablet changed your conference experience?
*takes cocoa, sipping* that is divine. Thank you. Cake? What kind?
100% me. I sometimes worry that later in life my inner thoughts will be My vernacular
If you dont grind, you dont eat....shit simple..
Morning Rockstars! > Behind an able man there are always other able men. - Chinese Proverb
Thank you for all your support guys really appreciate it! Lets make this thing great!
life is so good right now, its freaking me out.
Stay tuned for this week's articles in the Eng-lang ed. of La Prensa. Trust me, you'll want to check in.
No! You can't leave us!
Would love to get down there eventually. I heard it was packed this year!
has a date with the library this morning!
be on the look out for Opening soon!!!!!
nice guys are pussys
Thanks Indy for voting us the Best Thai in Indianapolis in 's annual poll. We love you one and all.
i disagree with everyone that is telling you to step away, but i guess in games we're conditioned to code through burnout
WITNESS! MT OH on Roosevelt Island "I may be a queen, but I don't like thrones"
You should be more happy,actually wish we could talk even tho we hate each other. I'm still a caring person who hates 2 see people hurting..
: How is higher education doing? Academically Adrift is the book people are still talking about.
Hey, dude at the , you don't have to read every description of every movie.
"But he told me to do it"
Preppy white girls are so annoying.
: Mornin' sunshine! I'm glad you had Such a good time yesterday. It brings great joy to my heart!
Going into work for another late afternoon shift!
Im so blessed with my wife she takes care of my skin with all high end peels tht would cost thsds! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>u babe!
Follow me n ill follow u back
RISP kills us again.....
Great webinar tonight on maximizing the value of speaking engagements.
Aww Philip! He needs to go through!! I love his voice!!! Im gonna be voting non stop for him!!! #AmericanIdol <3
aw cute :) <33333
Be a pal, include me in your #FF :)
is mixing many evans
want to help staff a #pyramid/ #pylons booth at #pycon for a couple hours? mail or ping on freenode irc in
I'm sure you did great friend! :-) His grace covers you.
Google Leaves Trail of Clues to Mystery Musical Event
Just because you have money , doesn't make me stupid! or does it?NAY
Day of the decades at miss m's school tomorrow, which clearly means EIGHTIES!!!
Woke up to my bed shaking & I know there's no construction on saturday.. Anyone else feel that?
I saw this quote with Shaw's name printed on a painting's frame in a dentist office.
You have no idea the last time I drank bud light.
I hate when girls just want want attention -.-
I'd love to help you out!<3(;
Hope you're having a fun one too!
I think I caught something renting "Contagion" from Red Box.
Damn now the Jets got a TD damnn
Absolutely. Hope yours is too. #delayedresponse ...sorry :-)
#OWIF: This is the best worm I've ever seen. He's amazing. We've lost the dance-off for sure, once he's done dancing.
#longisland where are you?
I do #financialmarkets #sports #code I heard you're hiring, let's talk?
Want love in your life? Then "be" love...
Still thinking of trying to swing by ?
RT Now time for Session 610: MOAR DIGITAL RECORDS NAO. (Note: may not be actual/official session title.)
I aint gonna act all hollier than thou on twitter, some of the tweets in the #ItsNotRape TT made me laugh. Some are just corny.
at my besties house havnt been here in months XD
not to be missed. Pls come by. Like nothing you've ever seen, heard, or smelled (incense!) in a museum.
:) RT : has the corporate card! We thank you! - , me and Adriana <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
There is still time to come down to watch the Olympic style competition Just $15 admission!
If Adobe releases Flash Player Updaters and AIR Updaters then why does the Flash Player Updater make me quit my AIR apps?
Children should neverever have to suffer from Abuse!!!!! Help us make Barefoot'in- Safe House a Reality www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
Point set match
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument and is debatable. When you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
i will give it a 5
My legs look half sized since tearing my ACL 5 months ago. Is there a record for lost muscle mass in a yr? I want my atrophy trophy.
under the mistletoe~
So cold outside!.. Watching the movie Country Strong.
Haircuts For America!
Watching #VeronicaMars. I miss this show. *sigh* , you rock. (As in, you're awesome, nothing to do w/"other" Rob.) :) Thx for VM.
Girl, I'm not coming home :/
How do I apply to be on Living your dreams Wednesday?
Dont even remember if we had homework ....
cool thx hey it wont let me message you; says you have to be following me! u have an email?
RT : Q2: Obviously Jersey sponsorship can be lucrative. What US league #NBA, #NFL, #NBA or #MLB jumps in first? #
Santorum's debate coach: more yelling.
#NORBIT i know #what that #sound is #bark #howyoudin CieraMariexoxo
The grass isn't always greener on the other side but the little shady spot under the fence hell yeah it is
Safe flight i miss you already
We've bumped up almost 30 followers in the last 2 weeksish. Thanks for tuning in! Hope everybody's having a good Friday :)
Us too! :) See if you can find some friends to go! Thatd be epic too:)
You are the reason I love twitter
can't wait to get on the desk with Vitrano! Now hopefully I wake up on time:)
even the police sirens in North Portland go woop-woop
Remember, follow me! Roadtosturgis.net. I leave 4/3 from Glendale, Ca. Check out the site to see where I'm going, Donate $20 and come ride!
7th gr. World Cultures/Religions (mostly ancient)
When people brag about having a 4.0<<<<<< shutup you're not that smart
It may be cloudy, but it's always a hot time when benj-o-matic rocks. Come check out the Series of Fortunate Events 7-10p!
Following #sbads commentary from and fellow C-Kers And keeping eye on
I no his family
My mom can never see me happy , smhh !
Thanks mom! LOVE not going out tonight
Looking at Shiny Ads this morning. Anyone have any experience with them?
I feel like I'm in my own world when I have my glasses on. I need to take them off when I feel disconnected from everyone else.
It makes no sense, Mike. These guys earn more - for having done nothing - than most vets earn over their entire career.
I need to have one night to myself.....
I'm so late! I didn't know Fear Factor still comes on
Oh gosh, would I ever be right there with you! My husband tells me all the time.
You say im crazy, I got yo crazy!!!! lol
#IWantToHave a friend that I can talk to everyday and hang out with 24/7
this is going to be a great nights sleep. i'm prolonging it as much as possible for that delayed gratification feeling
Honda Generators: Portable Generator Power for Home, Work, and ...
that'd definitely work too!
LOL - trying to get back to tweeting regularly. I actually missed it.
I can't wait to dig into the new issue of later.
@ my granny house washing Pumkin clothes, and watchin tv about to take a nap while she fold them up. Love u granny
Just finished voting. Now I am back at work
This week's band is setting up at to perform a Collective Desk Concert, almost show time!
Heading to Orlando for
Thank you for checking in. Hope that everything was extraordinary.
Went to on Friday night looking for #fail. :(
I'll consider it! I can't believe these clowns.
dear alarm crock, to make it simple, I hate you.
Alternative energy initiatives combat rising gas prices. Economic Ignoramus? Stop using terms you don't understand.
I'm just glad Memphis is out of the way.. If you fuckers take out the Spurs I'll buy you a beer.
there were draftees from the SWAC..there hav been free agent signings when i get them all, I'll letcha know...thanx
hahah your psycho have a nice day . bye
happy birthday 5
Thank you kindly!
Locking down schedules for the tour.
what do they wear for we-still-smoke-in-the-capitol month?
That quote made my day. In fact, there is probably a great book to be written around that philosophy!
wish I was going to be in NYC tomorow! would do just about anything to come see you!!!:)
lol yeah I did dm it number
I accidentally dropped my iPhone 4 on the cement and now it has two chips on the screen! goddamnit.
I love TheSquishyGuppyShoww on youtube. Lmfao they're hilarious they should make more videos!
no we don't. How sad!
When he understands I'm done , then everything will be alright .
One Direction, I love you!<U+2665> xx
WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Am new biker - cycling etiquette question: man leads uphill so woman can draft? Or is something about the view?
o.o I texted you like 4 times... re you sure?
We are officially in Ireland for two weeks...orders will still go out but getting back to a personal e-mail might take a day or two..
i hope youre doing well adam :) miss talking to you! :)
Congratulations on finishing your second full marathon in style. Way to go! Proud of you.
WTF?! You dump him!!!
RT : Give your awesome nurse shout outs here
Oh Ok But Thanks Anyway =P
then you can go tell the whole world how you sorry life got this person to block because they stupid
true... And who knows, you might not have strong enough feelings again...
Thanks Jerbear! Are you excited for the finale? I'm stoked to see you on there again! Love you!
I will post my before and updated pic tomorrow!! Hard work pays off.
oh yes we do. And our valentine for the rest of our lives will be Peggy. Haha wow that is so sad.
John Pappas of when asked if #ReidBill will go through lame duck congress: "It would have to take a Christmas miracle."
we should trend #niallisbeautiful to make him feel better. stupid girls. #theyruinedmyday #onedirectionerssticktogether :)
I don't see how niggas front for the public an do hella charity when they family doin bad outchea :-/ #c'monson (Ed lover voice)
I'm goin to bed. Night twitter
Waiting patiently at ATL airport on whether or not I'll be stuck here for the night or home in DC with my wonderful
MT ...might be "easiest" way for DRob to step into role...Fans will be more forgiving for some struggles...<First sv tonite!
"[...] it's not surprising that there are atheists who are angry at God [...]" < Say... what?
Where did he say this?
so any new updates you wanna share?
I keep all my nice things in trash bags buried under the house.
try the Baltimore Orioles
Monty, are you still planning to take in some #scuba diving in FL? We have everything: wrecks, caves, reefs, sinkholes & manatees!
I learned the power of Twitter today.
Better than expected
We work with many clients, #realtors, and #property managers in preparing a home for market. Call us at 408.578.2942
Fantastic work by the on their new album. Congratulations on another collection of awesome jams.
saw you guys in Boston today! thanks for all your hard work with Port Chuck!
No because weather related and we're local. Small airport - you're not here for a connection. Family coming.
what u sayin??
Fuck Im out of conditioner. Day ruiner
#ShitNashvilleGirlsSay AW OKAY!
Do you know anyone who might not have received a breast screening without #Planned Parenthood? Email me or message at .
My mom loves having delivery men come do work on my house at the crack of dawn
Next Tuesday, can't wait to get back on the field. Ready to give up everything for it.
thank you it is a beautiful event
RT "Whatever you are, be a good one." ~ Abraham Lincoln
read rule number 1
did you hear about reported gunman at vatech?
#HIRING!!!! Staff Accountant and Senior Accountant - BS degree required for these postions. Contact me on …
since when lol
of speaks articulately abt storytelling; draws upon 1001 Nights, figuring out Daisey is folkloristic problem too
Rangers fever!
One machine can do the work of 50 ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Anonymous
It's finna be Summer tho...RT : I'm here to tell the TwitterWorld out loud "I'm in it for the long haul!!!"
Recommends "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
and pulled back—there was a woman lying at his feet! 9“Who are you?” he asked. And she replied, “I am your handmaid Ruth. #Torah 62
Check mate bitches!!
OMG the fresh fruit cup over-floweth after a huge tow from the Costco! Happiness more fresh fruit then Chilean flea market!!!
": ": Which NBA team u support?-- San Antonio " #SpursFamily!!!
nice shoes
I didn't read the books :-(
what share those! Haha
ewww ma phone follows ppl on accident
Piping hot coffee is a remarkable fuel. I couldn't function at this point without it.
Sometimes I never want too grow up....
#RetroonthePatio is in effect again this week. The era = Nifty Fifties. The sound = doo wop! Good times! Thurs, May 3rd, 6 - 9 p.m.
The office is so cold!!!!!! It's been a daylong battle over control of the thermostat and those fighting for warmth are getting killed
: are you going to the scream it like you mean it tour. ?
Fanny pak. no just no
hey guys, show is SOLD OUT!
Hello! We are not moving far--just a couple of blocks away. Sold house and going for apartment living. Exciting!
#Independence Center is trending. This is why I don't live south of the river.
Its about to storm yay
should've guesed you had been there... RT : You're gonna be just fine.
OMG I EFFING LOVE MY PARENTS
Whitney will be MISSED and will ALWAYS be remembered...May You Rest In Peace
re: Gerbe. Favorite goal of his still the 360 breakaway he had v Providence in the HE tournament @ Kelley Rink
Laying on a hammock in my backyard contemplating my life choices.
By the way,
“ what's the catch !” Lol theres no catch my Mom Sells it but shes not Anymore so shes giving it away.
about what?
Happy 1 year AMLI Anniversary Joe!!
I'm by far convinced the best opener is.... 'hi, my name is James 'insert name here'
I want Subway for dinner.
im white. lol. and the one of you smiling . Your blind.
Won dinner + VIP tix at tonight's silent auction for the Brad Paisley concert in October! So excited!!!
Don't forget to join us at the happy 45 minutes. Happening now in ballroom D.
Will I be able to install Omega HD (or any full theme) on iOS 5.0 with redsn0w? (Including theming app store apps)
#thingsIcantStand people who think they can fight anyone cause there big !! Nikka seat ur ass down
happy bday to us
$BZRT, is committed to earn a significant
I'll ask Sargento <3 he can't resist me
The funny thing about TEMPER is---you can't get rid of it by LOSING IT!!!
RIP Mandi Schwartz
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!! My prison experience don't have a hold on me anymore...Love You!
8+ hours painting the new studio. Got it all over & only halfway done...at least the Kermit Green wall is gone
Sometimes cutting ties to even good things are an essential part of the growth process.
YAY! Message me your complete address and I will go throw them in the box today. :)
I should be there by then hopefully we will be able to hang out for a little bit
This ! RT : Downtown Indy is flooded w people. Never seen a city turn out like this for Super Bowl. //
Who eats potato salad with a spoon?? *grumble*
-Hey Paula how about a tip for young musicians, not just singers that have the talent but need to move ahead with little money
“: Anyone seen Contraband? Any good?”. Great
that was clever lolol
you're sweet, I'm not big on relationships for the most part. This cub made me think about being involved with someone again
Serious World Cup Fever Friday! (7am - USA/Slovenia) (11:30am England/Algeria) (6:30pm Germany/Serbia)
Marble Doctors offers marble polishing, marble cleaning, marble care, marble restoration, marble floor care, marble repair.
what technical skills do you have?
From a fan to an idol, Happy birthday!!!! :D
Chris Berman just went insane
Small quibble with the bar story. I've been to Innertown Pub probably 50 times and never seen anyone bring takeout food. :)
Niggas back in the mill fwm
Bummed that I can't judge mascot tryouts tonite w/ 1st miss in a bunch of years. Its a ton of fun!
Is there bad weather or something? SFO is always a fun place to take off.
im high as fuck right now.
what, not at the #Tebow press conference?
Happy #FF to new followers: <--FOLLOW
Hick Trailer
Anyone in #HigherEd using CloudFlare (free or pro) willing to share their thoughts on the service? Thanks.
A weekend like this makes me love calling Wisconsin home. #Brewers #BeatAZ #Packers #Badgers, Hashtag happiness
Have any tweets for me? Tweet it! <3 -Samantha P.S.- Im on the Samantha's Life show for optimum TV only!
thank you!
shit, jus waitin to get these phones calls from these two jobs in the mornin..one is third shift stocking an the other is 2nd shft
I like chocolate cake, but blueberry pie is my favorite!
I'm surprised to see one of those in the wood. Kind of underpowered...
“: if you don't know me and you follow me, you probably think im the biggest fuck up lol.” nah, you are honest and real.
Bears lost the game Tebow did not win!!
Steve Blake should be the guy who holds the Dixie cup and says, "If you have spew, spew into this."
I got shit to do. Holding a.spoiled ass baby ain't one of em
Why do you think so many in press give him a pass for whining like this? If this were Fed, the snark would be working overtime
RT : BULLETIN -- SOUTHWEST AIRLINES PREPARING EMERGENCY LANDING IN LAS VEGAS; REPORT SAYS ITS ENGINES ARE ON FIRE.
Ha my 'B' is exhausted rambling about A/B testing conversations, command+z, and Zack Morris' ability to freeze time.
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get...
ha! Yeah, I like that there's less religion, that's for sure. We'll be coming from Seattle, so we're used to the clouds.
The sun bear has a long tongue. ehh
We're changing that! Don't accept it. Instead have them be run through the #thirstdc curation filter
Waiting on the world to change.
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game benefits United Way. All tix $10! Great way to kick off season.
what? Why did you guys move? ):
where is that? Jekyl island?
Just pre-ordered a copy of A Very She & Him Christmas CD and those adorable mittens and that hat :) Soo excited!!
Thanks for info. was just scanning it on internet, tour isn't over here in the UK yet, so that's put a stop to that option!
Thanks! So far, so good! :)
It's quiz gradin' time!
when did that start.
SCORE!!! Just looked at my calendar in outlook & see that there are no meetings today! Yes, folks. It really is the small things. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Did you count the rings on that tree to see how old it was before doing that to it?
with what guys O.o lol xD
Save the Date: The Phidippides Annual Women's Spring Fling will take place on April 15th! More details to follow soon...
Maybe I need food first
always figgered "douchebag" was sufficient, but "brogrammer" is more specific.
RT : Army started using SM for recruitment, now using for active solders to share and engage with families.
Early morning s***
Aramis Ramirez helping his case for Lazy Ass of the Year again. Already in the Lazy Ass HOF, but padding the stats never hurts.
I really want to try #Car2Go, but their web interface is... quirky. If I'm on the map, any touch of the mouse zooms me out... all the way.
She's hotter than south Georgia in July
what time?
I have a feeling Walter White will be supplanting Gus tonight - but it will prove to be more than he bargained for.
There is not to many things a woman can do to turn me off but this lace front shit has to stop!!!!!!
Right you go to sleep to early
Quote of the DDay! Pls DM ur address for $2 DD card. : "sunday mornings are the best when is involved."
#yourgameisweak if you got my number from Facebook and not me
I'm rockin' down to great iTunes while walkin' on the treadmill. Keeps me there, instead of the armchair…wow, I love it so. Merry Christmas!
I also love Britney and Justin. Follow me back? :)
#atlsex is pretty funny
So i'm thinking Chase Andrew Compton for a boy (:
Do you see what I see? Way up high on the elliptical. A devoted athlete. Working hard to become petite. Jingle those bells, girlfriend!
The great thing about America is that there are no limits to our capacity to innovate--and it all can manufactured in China.
I am looking for a literary agent. Contact me at
What CCs do those two put out? Farm Boss is 56.5. Plenty for what I need. Due to the storm and tree breakage (cont'd)
I always wonder how Arcade Fire and Beirut pull it off. It must take them forevs to get together.
RT : did marc gasol hit cp3 with a "what's up, man?" y'all keep tryin to tell me he ain't got no memphis about him, tho.
RFT I'm really starting to get tired of these horrible downers!
OK, that #drupal tweak worked as expected. No quite as frustrating a night of wrestling drupal as in the past.
your way more beautifull then emma stone!
I would join in, but I'll be in Chicago! You, , and I will have to grab belated birthday drinks in Harvard come April.
Shouldn't have placed that call I just made smh damn Steven
.everybody has a dream!!!
Yes we do!
Me TOO!": I am satisfied with the charges"
I think you do get points just for participating so, in today's culture, yes : So is "Klout" worth paying attention to?
hahaha too funny
Good Morning Tweeps! Have a great
I have shown great restraint in not bad mouthing the terrible service I have been getting from a couple other providers.
Black veil brides. . . Enough said.
Children laugh 400 times a day, most adults only laugh 15 times a day, bring back the other 385!
"7 days without God makes one weak."
You know Marc Gasol et Zach Randolph are crying while watching this.
you think? I think it's a difficult decison-I know too many ppl that will burn him f/this....
First run in a LONG time. Felt great! SO glad to be back!
pick up Dev Henderson or Mo Mass & drop Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams? Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
We are here to learn the greatest wisdom of mankind, yet we choose to gossip and rebel. Tenzing Norbu
Halfway through book 2 of the hunger games i be pumped best book series ever sorry potter fans i know what i said
yes you do!! lol! :D
Ooh, did you guys mobilize SRAM?
or someone else to help listen to scanners while your onscene. Wait a minute, you have a almost clone! ;)
All right everybody, it's Vampire Diaries day! Less than 2 hours to go! HappyBirthdayElena
Did you like the Hunger Games?!? #teampeeta #can'twaitforcatchingfire
no really, my windows were messed up hahaha
My symmetry was passed onto me from my Aunt. My family is mostly women cyclists - mostly road& leisurely.We swear by your bikes!
Home Soon.. Type Relieved Its Ova... 6 More Weeks Of The Bullshit & Ill Be A Junior...
RT for a shout out follow first :)
that's deep. Never looked at it that way.
yes He does - have a great week
's opening 4D movie is so so so so so so cool.
All of the lights plotted... now lunch.
Just passed the 3.1 (5k) mile marker at the Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle in 27:24
nice seeing u too =)
Gay men can't get pregnant-good thing too else I'd have a house full of babies right now.
Only stopped briefly toward the end of a 3.5-mile run. Considering it's been 7 years since my last run, I'd say I did fairly well.
#Patti Smith "Why can't I write something that would awake the dead?
why is your signal so terrible today? None of the other channels are.
WHAT? THERE'S BASS IN THE THIRD MOVEMENT? BITCHES AND HOES.
A 23 word endorsement that I wrote for a local business caught the eye of a publisher. What happened next is every business owner's dream …
omg i cant wait until nov. 23 black eyed peas concert
Sorry you feel crappy--at least you have one extra day this year to recuperate before your birthday!
The show goes on.
"Rocket science is a colloquial term for Aerospace engineering." So that means I'm going to be a rocket scientist? Hell Yes! #pickupline?
no, Fox Lake one
The Beatles - You Never Give Me Your Money . Good Song off Abbey Road
7pm The Metrowest Colonials Face the Whaling City Clippers, make sure to make it to Kelleher Field in Marlboro! see you there fans!
Just found out that my older cousin is getting married. To a girl the family doesn't even know. Let the Vincent family smackdown begin!
Tailgating at Lady A tomorrow...home video to follow!!
Im on this money shit
#dml2012 playful interventions - mixed media library exploration, games for college aspirations, DML in TX high schools. Good stuff.
RT Cue the patented defensive breakdown
People have dreams... Sometimes they come true ......Sometimes they dont.... My dream is For to follow me <3
RT “: Follow now for blow-by-blow of Andy Pettitte's testimony.”
Majmoo comes from the #Arabic word majmoo'ah which means group or gathering. May #Allah strengthen the
Going to the Mariners game which means I will have to keep track of the Lakers game through my ESPN app.
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
Average tuition at four-year public colleges in the U.S. climbed 6.5 percent
Thank You Mee Lady Lucia... Bask In Today's Wealth Of life! Bid You Ado
At church and am very tired no a good combo
Above all things reverence yourself.
AAVG hit coming in on ask..
Thank you for that recommendation ! we can put you on the guest list for on the 30th
Read our new blog post by storyteller Lou Ann Homan, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
oh I see. It's Friday off of Old National Hwy. Not sure what time yet but I have another one next month at the same place so it ...
When I recreate the scenario of Clodius and Milo on the Appia Via, I often imagine it as West Side Story, i.e. Sharks v. Jets.
Apparently twitter doesn't know I got a new job, the 3 people listed in the "similar to you" &
may the odds be ever in your favor. Hope you like it!
some call it that, but i think of it as being a good friend, just helping out when i can, not needing payment in return..
We're assembling the troops to visit our elderly brothers this weekend.
no sir, they're in Kate Hudson's vagina.
Love Brees and Sproles but gotta go with the #niners today
Garmin Forerunner110 per recommendation (she posts her splits so nice to see someone who's had success with it!)
Hi. I am good :) How are you?
Trust Issues is still my song !
thanks I will be sure to check it out!
Brake job this morning. There goes our rummage sale earnings.
I'm in the lab going in today like a champ
Yep. Stopped by my house before the primary.
Turned Up!!
So many events, so little time!
Lesson learned in Maui, when holding tension in ur jaw put ur tongue behind ur front teeth.
I'm ok. I think I just ate something. I've been like this since yesterday afternoon. Hopefully it'll go away, but it hasn't yet.
i couldnt find him!
ten of thousands people in streets for Joe Paterno's funeral...incredible
Agreed RT : How 'bout just pulls the trigger and scores one already!
you are so lucky! i wish i was at disneyland! :)
“: in the end the old man comes thru” - shoot....u older than him.
Holy shit. I just looked outside
Welcome Back Home!
Being beautiful is what you do, being black is what you are,and being sexy come natural!
Great closing performance at #AMA 's, killed it!
thanks for the follow ! :)
No reason 2 stay here! Duces 2 this state... It's dried up 4 me! IRAQ 4 REAL!
No idea.
your a stalker go away you freaking weirdos don't ever talk to me again like wtf!
I was going to be a gynecologist, but it would ruin my hobby!
being left in the rain. And while superimposed on leaded glass; the lonely heat associates (we thought, we were us)
I'll see if I can find a source for you. It wasn't on a PPT today.
LOVED on tonight!
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
#1DKOPSIGNING I WILL CRY IF THIS OCCURS
8oz of Hummus? I could get all of that on 1 pita chip!
ha ha. I've gotta create a more uplifting playlist! Hm...what should I call it?
#crs210nm SMART GOALS: Specific, Measurable, Action Oriented Realistic Time Defined
Watch 19 muster teams come in old-fashioned fire house games, including your Los Angeles Kings! www.hopeforfirefighers.org
“: All I did was kill a hornet, but to my daughter... I am a Dragon Slayer! #daddymoments” | Aww... LOL!
I don't want life to give lemons because i don't want sour things in my life, i want life to give me chocolate so i can have sweet things :)
is in my city tonight! I had no clue until today. Why would she come to a little suburb of chicago? Was she awesome?
If I was making an actor take his kit off 3 ft in front of me, the scene would be complete.
LOGAN how many times do i have to tell you winky means kinky?!
1985 was a blast, already so stoked for next week as we take you back further to '71.
RT: You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
For future reference, is Fr. Naus coming back next year for Tuesday night 10pm Mass at #JOA?
hm...i wonder if they'd let you get mine for me....
Thanks Mark!
Thanks Vee I'll be sure to get on that!
They want a mixtape so I'll give it to them
Aoki is huge in Japan.
Swag, swag, swag on me. Chilling by the bed while I'm seducing Harry.
Person - You guys are a weird couple, what do you even talk about?? Me - We talk about how much cooler we are than everyone else.
This beautiful weather can't last for ever..can it? Time to #Winterize Bliffert has what you need to make it through the winter
u can sue the company
*extends hand* *pulls you up* *dusts you off* Get back out there, kid. :)
On the way to the grizz game!
Makes sure to follow us on twitter for up to the minute news and for the daily 10% password...
People bust Melo, but he is the only guy that can keep us in a game.
is writing a quality control plan for the proposal process, in between other deadlines.
Looking forward to Friday, July 13: the CS Paranormal Association will be at OCC Library for an SRP Program: Own the Night!
Soon to hit the road for Birds of Paradise paperback tour! Anyone managed to find a great little carryon / rollerbag they'd recommend?
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. Tony Robbins
ok got u
its still calories though
People follow me I need more followers !
Had a awesome time at boston! :)
I'm someone's spirit animal.
U think u ballin cuz u got a block
AC,in the winter?
So u weren't popular in high school. NOW, you're too cool to talk to us regular folks?
75mph on pennsylvania at college
It's time to be a big girl now and big girls don't cry! (8)
Call for Papers re War of 1812 & meaning of independence -- go to www.shafr.org/conferences/annual/2012-annual-meeting/
ahahah :) I just need out of this small, no opportunities town. I owe it to myself to make it out in the real world, ya know?
dude beiber is in love with you!!!!!! i mean love LOVE!! O.o
two art forms i will never comprehend how to do and have the utmost respect for: singing and painting.
BUT I still run
Well I guess life goes on but life is just an illusion
So excited for you & your Mr.!!! GOD IS GOOD!!
me likes the hydra principles
RT : RT Tomorrow is #AskArchivists Day and we'll have a few of our archivists on hand to answer your ?s
that's a great point for the full runners!
Juan "The Savior" Rodriguez looking to stay undefeated against Damien Butler! #boxing -ms
New to Twitter! Tuesday, March 16th Headlining with - Night begins at 7, Arma on at 10!
Heyy did youu know ils<U+03BD>e<U+03D2>s<U+03C5><U+03C5><U+2661>? Well yeah it's true ils<U+03BD>e<U+03D2>s<U+03C5><U+03C5><U+2661>!!! Well bye!!!
LOL you rock.
I don't want to get up :( so much to do today
How do you love people to life? Lovingly tell them what Jesus said. Anything else hinders them from walking in the truth.
My mind didn't change, I still feel the same.
check out that first word I just played. Boss! Lol
- Just Laying Here And Listening To Music . Wbu ?
Friendsships, dating, guys :)
Taxes yesterday, and this today. Rough couple of days, my friend. RT : Off to see the dreaded dentist <U+F637>
I heard a bell ringer on Michigan and Randolph making up a cute little song a couple days ago If ur around there, stop by. :D
My motorcycle misses me :(
Do vaginas really have teeth???
Admit it, we've all licked our food at least once to stop people from eating it.
show stoppers of course....
No one's RT'd me for the past 42 minutes... I've lost my RT swag
#BounceThatAss If your jamming "Century Tree" Ep!
Hell yea Workaholics is on!
"Think Like A Man" is a GREAT movie!
Happy birthday
TY! RT :I like what Marla suggests-look at your top 20 clients & formulate a profile that would attract them
Ok, saw your posting on FB and I'll introduce you two there.
The more opportunities to share information the better the chances when someone is ready to engage they will be successful
Perfect game baby. Phil Humber. Proud to be a Whitesox fan.
workin non-stop to finish this album for saturday!!! this is by far my best work ever ... ya'll won't be disappointed ... bet that!
YEAH BUDDY! collision crew!i hate when they eliminate crews and I am not even on the show...I wish I was tho
Those really are my niece and nephew. I know im goin to get somethin.
Gonna get my tan on with Woo! Please Mr. Sun... Come out and STAY OUT! Cx
#emorydisc #Braille iPhone keyboard is called #BrailleTouch. So THAT's how blind people can type on a glass surface. Super-smart.
Start donating today so when you file taxes NEXT year, it'll be easy to itemize. Beat the end of the year crowds!
“: What's your problem dude.” subtweet
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
cats are nasty. all they do is walk around and collect dust all day. they're like little swiffers with legs.
twitter is good for updates more than analysis. Trying to get the NFBC to have pts leagues Next time I go to WI I will meet them
Blahh, the #Blues lost :/ There will be more games. and we WILL win.
#myfavoriteeduapp Beautiful badges!
This tells me I need to stay in better hotels. :)
It's really hot and sunny outside, yet it's raining. Weird!
most definitely! she's so soulful!
Onward and upward! Keep on chompin'
Please follow me<U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Where the f can I find white high top shoes??
Brings back good memories!
everything happens for a reason...
#ContentNow was awesome, but can I survive the next day? Late plane gets me in after midnight, I forget laptop at home, where's my lipstick?
shitty persons are made to be together though
Congrats and Jessica St. Clair for getting on NBC! It's a good day for girls who've done comedy with me before, but aren't me!
Teen Angst and lackluster bathing habits aren't a winning combination in today's society.
Big Homer...Tommy Heinson or Jack Edwards?
South Bend bound! Should be interesting..
Just watched the video took of bankers life.
*shivers suddenly. Rubs arms, bites lip* maybe a walk isn't such a good idea. *goes back inside quickly as stomach growls*
MN House passes major budget legislation. Tune in to Sunrise to find out what's being cut!
- are you tweetin from your phone?
We look forward to serving you again with our summer collection on 1 July 2012. All our best!
im up! I answered both times
#ThisYearTkNcash will be on BEAST MODE. ik would think so right guys? ik they gonna kill it
What up Twitter world!?
SoHo, Or Tribeca, Three Diamonds, Trifecta
Hi Sarah, Thanks so much! I think I have it figured out now. If I get something larger/more complicated, I'll be in touch! :-)
What a great day to be indoors. Maybe I'll campaign to run an old Matlock instead of the news at 5...
welcome to ABQ and to twitter! Enjoy your Sunday :)
Just watched the fascinating new #Marley documentary! Lots of rare footage/photographs, first-hand stories, and sweet, sweet music.
Enjoy New Orleans! I remember the last time OSU made the Final Four. I met the Roadman!
we are hoping all the lonely pets find forever loving homes!
I mean ya, but you can't think like that, time is valuable, you learn from past relationships, and devote it to present n future
That's what's up.
yess!! new episode of #gamesofthrones...good way to end my night
This show is so unrealistic, btw. Who falls in love in two months while kissing every person on the show?
RT : It's Adventure Time time!
RT Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Some time Saturday, but I'm actually planning a drink, clean and frozen pizza night tomorrow - some me time. Thx for the offer!
why the hate
how do I get in contact with you in order to get some?
My sister in law is trying to start drama... irk...I am really far from home, and I have nothing to do with anything.
“: *Stay Schemin' melody* Subtweetedddddddd........... niggas should've mentioned me!” I'd slide for for twiggaz!
happy birthday!
“: Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.”
Occupy SanFran outside my window. Leaving as soon as Riot Police show up makes me question your commitment.
so nice to be needed!
“: and thank u for putting me on the SWV.” I get so WEAK in the knees I can hardly speak
There are people DEPARTING Indy. Why would anyone leave the center of the known universe?
LOVE That picture!!! Puppy Kei is so cute and Miss Hippe you're a close second!
Decided I'm gonna do some crunches tonight I'm in need of a workout so my back can stop hurting
Well, hopefully this snub motivates Ross/Wroten to return for another year.
I guess I forgot about those after I turned 13.
You work hard, you get far.
I'd like to note that it is nearly 9pm and it is still light outside.
You may be the best wrestler in the world, I hate to say this you throw like a girl
Haven't opened an accounting book and don't plan on it.
After dragging my feet I finally joined twitter!
yes 4 more days...happy 4 u.
Fighting fire with fire, I suppose? :)
We are super ready to see tonight after their END Session. Who's going to come out to the show with us?!?!
TODAY is the last day to see NASA's Driven to Explore mobile exhibit parked in front of the Museum. Admission is FREE!
Happy Groundhog's Day!!!! And Happy Birthday Mom(: love you always(:
summer spellz sex n my book
- The pleasure was ours. Exciting stuff around SNA and CHI. It's a rare gift to make integrals and arctans exciting...
Vacation's over. Back to work tomorrow. *sigh*
Clue # 2 beer lovers: Once you arrive, look for Laura at the bar! Stay tuned for where you'll be heading!
so sorry Felipe, I'm not sure what crossed my mind. Still, I appreciate the follow.
Today's smoothie has BEETS!~ They detoxify your liver so eat them on a salad or as a side dish & drink plenty of water to flush your system!
it wasn't terrible!
I want to throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted
many thanks. I hope you find a moment of Zen, I know they're often hard to come by these days.
I can't stop-Dubstep ( :
no problem! Be sure to come to San Antonio soon so I can go and see you guys live. I'm gonna try to learn your music on guitar!
You are such a JOKE
my friend bday's May 15th she would love if you and tweet her.
mama need to leave me ALONE!
props on keeping yourself cancer free!
You are SO WELCOME. And THANK YOU for the Flo glow! :):):) I love playing her!!!!
-Ty for the RT! Love! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! xox
What is JLo thinking Mama you are 42
ill inform u when she puts it on wattpad im hype cause im the Ghetto chica that princeton has a crush on
we got 2 fam, I ben ready 2 drop this mixtape for a minute, production on it dope as fukk and the photoshoot gon b clean!
Enjoying the view from our seaside hotel on the Baltic with two of our favorite people in the world. Vacations in Polska rule!!!
a good advisor lets you be confused. If there's one thing a grad student doesn't know, it's what s/he's doing in grad school
Glad to hear you and friends loved your visit! Thanks for posting your photos to Flickr
Forgot how much I love Sunday night Tourney action.
More girls need to be classy not sassy
i'm so awkward when i talk to little kids >_<
will you follow me back, please? :)
Free student tickets to the ISEPP Lecture: Lisa Randall presenting Knocking on Heaven's Door at Schnitzer Concert Hall. Tonight at 7:00PM.
Back to work after a week in Vegas for a conference.
hey pussy! You goin to the young hooka tonight?
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Records Specialist in the NYC office of an international law firm. The Specialist will assist with t…
My goodness me!
Drunk as hell
I didn't have to worry about mother's day since my mom is dead.
I came all the way from the USA for Rinse at Fabric tonight! LET'S GO!
Times is hard its the end of the month lol
My wife and I are in town for the weekend. I'm not sure what our plans are yet.
So here's my take as someone that had to do 12 experiential learning credits for undergrad - it's hit or miss.
Even when I try to start a little something it always turns into failure.
GOT AN A ON MY PSYCH FINAL!!!
Lots of courage HuffPo, only posting hyper pos comments on #Cheney's heart transplant. 400+ comments pending approval!
Do any of my followers have suggestions that can help me learn more about Web 2.0?
If it wasnt for technical defaults i woul never win at pool... Bottom.
that place was Burg-tastic
Emerging role for school library is global communications center. Alan November
RIP Whitney Houston..so sad:(:(
Congratulations to for makin his dream come true. The Bucs got a great player
Baked gf banana muffins, pb oatmeal walnut choco chip cookies, wrapped a gazillins presants, nonstop Words With Friends with spouse...
excuse me, how did I miss you?!
#98 you should follow me. Be cool
You and should COME!
RT I also might've invited my folks to come to town for the Drinking with my parents is hilarious and quite awesome.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Tomorrow from 12-2 at Access Living, AREA Chicago hosts "Intersections: A Roundtable and Brunch," an open discussion about the systemic...
back to the real world. Ugh!
Let's see if the kids bail on the team tomorrow. Too bad the kids think they're better than what they really are.
Thats what im sayin!!! Whats up man, Im around prov tonight. I hit local 121 earlier in the week and thought of you
Thank you twitter, for introducing me to all these amazing people. <3
Research has shown a bowl of oatmeal every morning for breakfast can reduce bad cholesterol levels.
Boys are so stupid
singing in pig latin >>>>
Just dusted off the bike for a 14 mile ride in on the Oak Leaf. I'm hoping to find some time tomorrow to get a little further.
Can't believe this is really happening!
Love spending the last night at Marist in the library. This is exactly what I want to do with my time.
Ilooveyou all! ILOVE AL OF MY FOLLOWERSS <3 LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM
I don't think I would like LA we talked about this lol
[Prov10:22] The blessing of FatherGod makes us rich & HE adds only happiness with it [2Tim2:15] Study HIS Word & correctly understand Truth.
my mom took away my cheez-its. time to go die :(
Why You Throw This Away. "It Has A Hole, And Its Stained" You Can Patch It Up.
Cali. Yes sir.
To Butch Vig: thanks for helping #GrohlBeast & co with #WastingLight. U made young fans know their roots. U deserve the
will you please follow me!!!!!! i have been asking for 2 years now and i will never say never
great to meet you both in person today. Would love to stay in touch re: archiving your map/geo work.
most definitely! It's like having the IM feature on without any controls
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Good Morning, Baltimore! It may be cloudy and chilly but we still believe it will be a great day! Happy Wednesday!
Can't believe I didn't win Mega Millions. Next time I will buy at ticket and see if that helps my chances.
RT“: Donald Driver was on #DWTS was a good distraction from my evil bullshit. He should've got a 30. #Packers.”
San Diego get to tonite! Party time muzik 9p-close!
Owen graduates from his intermediate class today!
Not feelin yood. Dizzy and my tummy hurts. And i never got my ballon & ice cream =[
Well, I'm just sitting in the car day dreaming about me meeting Allstar Weekend today<3 It was amazing! <3
RT : Chuck D is dropping it out here at the Dept of Justice. Truly inspiring. #freemumia me & m1 coming up...live from DC!...
Listening to reading a Japanese novel in Wales, thinking about Greek island hopping next month and wishing I was back in Los Angeles.
yes! You should! I miss you to!!!:(
A new state Rhode island and it's all because my old "identity" got shown out. So thanks a lot. My whole family had to change there names
Thank You! I just need a new freezer or service company to show up Today! Wedding tomorrow!
sounds good! Lol
Thanks for following and the mention! We appreciate your support!
What is success? Can you have alot of money and still be unsuccessful?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!! OH and CUTE(:
I wanna see a mavs heat rematch
no problem
"The best time to lobby is when you don't need anything" - Former Rep. Dan Mica #
it's not 1995, you can let go of your disdain of the Packers now. Thank you.
yup! hey friend! thx for the RT :)
-> has started you off well! You profile looks great!
me too! I think it will be really fun.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Baked Potato 4.57 / 5 Stars | 158 Reviews by Faye "A step by step recipe for making a baked potato. Serve with y
Hm - Coach Boeheim not exactly volunteering to say much of anything about what happened with Fab Melo - also says 'he's done' for year
Im pretty mad that we didn't win our basketball game i really hate losing but i guess their are always gana be bumps in the road :(
f there's a march2 archdiocese any chance of dialogue2 let OSF feed the poor if church won't? opportunity2 @ least engage?
Knicks are getting me hype right now
BEAT LA!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 19
studies show texting fires same neurons as heroin--how to break a child's addiction to texting? parents will be in for a fight for sure.
trsandswstour my god. the perfect that would be
Fun to drop by #swseaedu this evening -- quite a few interesting projects!
six and a half minute mile isn't that hard. Push hard the first and last quarter. You can do it.
I miss my best friend Austin:( but I get to see him on Saturday!!
Interested in discussing it at least. Did qualitative field work in KG for my as yet unwritten dissertation.
let me know how your next can ride is. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Leah is in a shopping mood. woo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>new clothes for me. #swipethatcard <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
JOSH FTW!!!! ARE YOU FRICKIN' KIDDING ME??? Wax my butt and send me down the slopes. That kid's sick. SICK.
RT Great way to start the day! Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. — Winston Churchill
i haven't been on twitter in a while i think i'll start back putting my twitter to use
downside :) Brisbane’s tunnel vision: numbers look like pie in the sky
What a day. Cards lost albert Pujols but the Lakers got Chris Paul.
I always thought the internet had gotten rid of location based banking issues - Bank of America proves my assumption was wrong.
Loving this.
Rawrs-Digit :) You got class DNE :)
wishes she had a magic wand to make certain people disappear right about now..
happy birthday 3
#20MillionBeliebers ALREADY ?! It seems like just yesterday he was getting excited about having 100K ! Time flies...
Do you run from giant rocks in caves as well???
deep creek lake!
wats up wit u
#ICriedWhen I saw so many people who needed full body waxes!
and that's after we told him we were sixteen.
High growth companies need high growth employees
An outer layer of fur is waterproof & an inner layer keeps them warm, flattened tails act as rudders & webbed feet help steer!
baked beans are off!
Good stuff today from TLC at #NYNT time to reflect on 'evidence' and rubric interpretation #appr #edchat Still hate the word evidence though
"i could listen to a babbling brook and hear a song that i could understand..." still in my head
Oh! LOL. Ok that wasn't a distress call, just a facepalm :)
Focused on a purpose
the king and i
2x points on slots today!
well tickets alone are 40 bucks, but I have a job for the summer.
yep. Saw that happening in real time. "So long Steve! Here's a giant wiener for ya!"... Hilarious.
Great night run!!!
The Born This Way Ball begins today :D ... lucky Koreans!!
RT : RT : Please don't stress contact now to get tested for HIV. We are mobile and It only takes 20 mins.
Im so pale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> i need sum color
nope. I'm in LA, living the dream (aka, living at home). I take it you're still in NY?
I swear I wouldn't be anywhere today without my family of friends that mean more than the world to me.
Pain Nothing begins, and nothing ends, that is not paid with moan; for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own. Thompson, Francis
Fuck!!!!!! #illhaveanother can suck my dick!
"It's like you're my own drug" ... "Aww because you're addicted to me? ;)" ... "Ha..No because you're ruining my life.."
Awesome!! Congratulations. RT #slaverybyanothername made it to Round 2 of
TCU is the best college football team period. Love to see them play Oregon or Auburn.
Been in love with Seattle since '02 when I met some divine folks from there. Someone give me & a reason to do an event there!
Sickest hang over smh
there is always a next time!!! "Sorry dude"
Annette Martinez: Organizations need to leverage diversity to harness the power of their people.
yoooo my bad g. I hit u tonite
Persona non Grata => Unacceptable Person
i love camera phones with audio ;-&#41;
give thanks!
i bet ur happy cuz of the news XD
It's time to roll to chili's and kick back with my fuckin boys!
so it just stormed and knocked out my internet...and HOLY SHIT I HATE AMERICA THEY SENT HOME MY OTHER FAVORITE ON AMERICAN IDOL. JFIODSHAJDS
I rather walk up the stairs than take the escalator
Just wanted to let you know I got your email , I'll hit you up b4 Friday. Much congratulations on all the upcoming success!!
Spending every moment in a studio.. I never said it'd be fair..
I love Helga and her unibrow.
Thanks for coming out to the event! Such an interesting chat, good to have you there. Looking forward to talking further!
And, as ever, I'd like to thank my children for my sore throat and stuffy nose. Love ya.
Happy Birthday
Thank you Geno. Noon games have been very entertaining! I'm digging these Colts throwbacks
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
We really enjoyed 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel'!
Doing a rain dance! Nekkid!
Join us tomorrow for Sunrise Yoga @ 6:30am & Mat Pilates @ 8am! 1 week free of unlimited group classes for new clients! 620 Eighth Ave 92101
it wont let me send a dm u aint followin me
I'm good. Up early before the world gets busy. My favorite time of the day.
Get involved! Donate a raffle item! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
: is it too late to vote for My So-Called Life in the untimely TV death category?
Two and a half man, paraplegic edition.
I want a new oven!!!!
speed and sunroof :)
I hope makes the team. He has a good chance too he plays tailback or fullback and special teams. And he's a BEAST
Tune in to Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius Satellite today at 2:30 to hear TCL's Byron Bennett talk about...#chocolate!
I always have thought of ham as the original social media.
GOOD ARE YOU A LESBIAN CAUSE YOUR LIKE ALL OVER MY TITS.
I tried - but they never brought them to me.
Does anyone else, at news of Brad Pitt/Angelina Jolie engagement, remember that he and Jen announced their SPLIT on a Friday afternoon, too?
Don't become the sponge that soaks up the rain of this world. But let us be the rock in God that nothing of this world can soak into
Just got a brand new android tablet
RT A picture speaks a thousand words. But with Photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.
do you ride your horse for fun? On your farmland?
you're welcome.
why sad face?
OMG A PLANE! downright flippin hilarious. You could guest start on Seinfeld with a joke like that. Oh, wait.
Ha. That was a fun moment. Thanks again. Really enjoyed your insights at last night!
I wish I were British. When they say "c*nt", it's so jolly & benign. When Americans say it, watch out!!
Just googling Kristen Wiig. Not like I'm secretly in love with her or anything.
thx for the mention (and sorry for slow reply!) :)
yay, Venice Beach with on Friday ^-^
you should get all the colors of the rainbow!
Yakima neighbors help police catch five suspects running from officers - KIMA CBS 29
Schneble - Give kids an opportunity to try something different & they succeed, then they are willing to try again.
#WEEI is taking over 93.7 - so I guess #MikeFM new slogan will be - Mike FM - we play nothing!
strong black woman
My goal is to have a life full of more interesting and bizarre experiences than this lightly stained Olive Garden dinner napkin has had.
rain & some beers not a good mix, pero el billarcito con mi amor y gabriel & friends....good times! :b lol
But think about it a minute, you poor bloody fools. They are not strapping wireless units to unwilling homeless people. It's not 2015 yet!
116 state street, you were at the house.
Stupid, stupid Xcode!
. And some his big drops were 3rd down, on the hands. Terrible
Twitter greetings from your faithful chipmunk, Theodore!
You should try insanity! Changed my workout life lol
Lions will play NFC West and AFC South next year, as well as @ Eagles and home vs Falcons.
Well #Diablo3 just went live... did the internet just get very lonely for me?
RT : Participant historians say that transcribing 19c texts makes them more intimate with their primary sources.
RT : Looking at #cleantech biz in the US? and hosting a morning session for New-to-Export co's:18 Nov London...
didn't mention that Bob Castaneda was only a resident of CV for days before filing to run for #chulavista city council.
_-___! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thanks for the follow, always wonder how, after big companies went on e-bay, individuals still thrive.
I need to go to NC for some family time.
What's the news?
: hell yeah, fxckn right! I had a great time!!!
No, wait. I'm just kidding omg.
Started a batch of cold brew coffee. Excited to see how it turns out.
on the road again and no one seems to be posting on the ...
Thanks again for all your support. I hope you had a safe and happy 4th. Please tell me how I can help you! Stay safe!
#libchat ISBN, title, author, cover art & subject School Librarian in VA from NY.
Electricity is really just organized lightning
Just cleaned my room. Not feeling very accomplished tho. -_-"
hahahah o wow!!
haha it's not near as bad as it could be
I'm a shameless hussie...
I don't think we have it anymore, but I remember it. I use to love that show
"Words are the voice of the heart." -Confucius. Good night, moon.
#HappyEaster my Tweet Peeps Lol ;) I Cant wait too hang Out with the Family watching Peranormal Activity 2 :)
On the bus. Fellow passengers are all either (a) hookers or (b) on their way to costume parties. Or both.
For someone who doesn't follow basketball very closely, I think I spent too much money on March Madness brackets...
I think Bethany peaked and is on the downslide now!
thx! It's all you guys! And I helped! ; )
ill KILL you
I love you and miss you a lot... Can't wait to see you
The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET. Will you be watching the game tonight?
Well, Steelers haven't re-signed Moore. Rainey can take it, depending on the situation. He just can't block.
Last day as freelancer-- at least for a while. Though there are lovely things about the life, I am psyched.
call your mama
Brushing your teeth in the shower saves you so much time.
what an honor the Giants awarded you the game ball for having the talent and heart of a true NFL QB star
Can't wait for GLEE - season finale tonight!
Counting down 5 minutes until Showtime. Show's call in number 1-347-934-0108. Join the Jazz conversation with the Coffeelady and Marianne
Should i forgive him? I dont feel like hes right for me though...should i just go for it? What should i do?? >:'(
nice to see you this morning!
Ma nigga shut down the club last nite!!!
Letters only A) Guilty B) Not Guilty
yeah!! When he smiles I just melt!
Cause once you give away the pussy then your fucked right?
Cardio Thai Box class tonight at 6pm. Be there!!:)
: Thank you!
omg I hate to admit it but...yes
The Junior League of San Diego will be this morning showing you where the proceeds from tomorrow night's Island Divine event...
RT : #gettinLuckyInKentucky RT : The curse is over ... ND picks up first win in the commonwealth in 30 yrs
Ha lol. Night night ": I'm done watchn this massacre"
Don't you University of Oregon students still in LA from the #RoseBowl have classes this week?! Go home ;)
Thanks! You'll hear bk soon :) MT : Applied earlier today. Thanks for giving us opp to apply for a Fellowship!
Nope! I just want what's best for you "mom!" I know you practically life anyway! Me too! =D
Watching "The Ring"
#true RT : Sometimes just a little compliment can make someone's entire day. &lt;3
Dude next to me on this plane smells like cucumbers
what the things do you find yourself adding to every website? particularly things you wish were already done for you?
We love you guys! Keep on reading and giving us suggestions :) We're nothing without you.
Be sure to pick up the Post-Gazette today for an article about Point Park baseball page D-4.
Prom is sucking up all my money!
Glad you you joined our event on Saturday! thx fot the mentions!
Congrats on your Oscar win!! Great speech and gorgeous gown!
Follow me at
Naw, you wernt thinking about becoming a vegan.
#ncaa terrible rule. No TD bc of early celebration? Just awful. The sport promotes blowouts in rankings but can't celebrate td- right
pulled in more than 15 million viewers last night. went first, that means a whole lot of people saw her shine.
i KNOW. they are WORTHLESS
kill me too plz
just deleted my MySpace page...
Fishers prom saturday, have fun guys!
When you run a business its so much to do blog ,change diapers order products feed a child banking and and
aye. My fav. Song you is headlines! Follow me [=
Almost done with this Laundry! Yay! Lol
If we can see the magic of a single bloom clearly, our whole life would modify.
I sure will! Anything I can do to help. Send any info you have to my email
I believe in caring deeply and being beyond caring
Don't drink and drive. You know who you are. Happy weekend.
OH! the Woodbury Commons? The outlet mall:D
As close to real life Law & Order'esque courtroom drama/exchanges as you're ever see (I certainly didn't when I clerked).
How you like your oatmeal?? Soupy lumpy or you don't even like it???
Wow. I really don't understand the refs these playoffs.
What's the likelihood we'll see even more Diablo clones now?
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. :)
It's hopping just ordered bahn mi cannot wait
Is eating skittles sour :9
congratulations on your new gig!
Happy Spring here in DC!
yes. Absolutely.
If you heart we have a fun giveaway for you! See him in #NYC! Send us a DM and well let you know how!
what about the one after the one after the one after the one? Singularity?
I feel like Ace Frehley in a Gene Simmons world.
Cleaner & more dynamic; it all goes back to how a cable is developed & what it is designed to do. We find what cables do wrong & fix it.
They gone stop frontin soon, keep pushing.
It's so hot today.
These signs on the freeway telling you how far certain places are stupid and a waste of money. Keep driving, it take how long if takes.
Screw you, Coyotes. Go Preds.
If you wanna win the race, you might need to change who you're runnin' with tho...
You know I have bad taste.
you are truly bi-coastal!
thanks for the follow, nifty design, birthdays coming up!
i just gave you an invite.
Damn it, Linda. U should have warned me before I started.
Dang why isn't my facebook app updating?
lol u mispelled danler RT : S/o to my bros ..we livin life in a good way.. .. M ..
Don't be mad be motivated
Join Org. of Legal Professionals OLP. Seeking to estab. Phoenix, LA, NY, DC, SF, Houston chapters. Contact
Tickets ON SALE in Anderson, IN & Omaha, NE!! Who has bought their tickets??
Learn about @ 11 am Hilton Whitney Room
Great! We'll be sure to check them out! :)
thank you
Pro-choice debates with right wingers on Facebook is exhausting.
Note to my twitter friends: so sorry I've neglected you these past few weeks. Been swamped with an awesome new marketing gig
dope show in Athens last night mayn you killed it
Without forgiveness life is governed by... an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation
Hearing what cute things my kids did today is one of my favorite things next to being with them.
i loved you...until you made this picture public(;
Previous tweet is another piece about Indiana's long history of incompetent forensics. Dr Gill kept working who knows about the D Tox techs
Those are all great...sure you'll love them.
Baker!! Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!!
Maybe the bookstore model works better for libraries than it does for bookstores?
excited to c u in a Duplass! My fav movie of all time is Baghead! "meet me in my room in 20 minutes" "I'm serious"
RT: "If you believe business is built on relationships, make building them your business." ~Scott Stratten Book
HuBz grabs his laptop and walks away. He forgot it was still connected to the main computer.....
Aretha Franklin just blew the Fox UP..... wow. I'm emotionally drained!
Hahaa! Especially considering she can't read!
NOO!!! IT'S BULLS!
Finally finished cleaning my room!!... at 2:51 am... #teamnosleep :(
: Thanks so much!! I am honored you selected me as your subject today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It is too early in the semester to be this stressed.
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle!
RELAXING DAY! Throat still hurts
how was your first practice? gettin a feel for the playbook?
my first ever poetry reading will be next tuesday at the amsterdam cafe (937 geary street, san francisco, ca) at 8:00 pm
U are the best thing that's ever been mine!
Gloomy day!
Thanks for the reply.
on a walk today I saw your headquarters on Edison! I live on 8th. I hear all those solar panels on the roof power 100% of electric
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust." ~~Psalm 91:2
. thank you for sharing your story of being bullied. As adult bystanders we must intervene and help any child we see being bullied
It's March!!!
I feel you. My grandson keeps me cracking up too
Of course! What are you up to now? :)
those the bets in vegas? My guy out there with $300 of mine. I need a few bets
Happy momma and beautiful!
GM Box seats at the
Thx to for hosting last nights great event!
#nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
BOL at your avatar
New Pics Of Sacha Baron Cohen, Megan Fox &amp; Anna Faris In 'The Dictator' - Indie Wire (blog)
YOLO No fucking shit I only live once you running around saying it doesn't make me want to live
aww i think im losing followers D:...well i love u guys sorry i wasn't on in a while i was practicing my dance moves i got an 85 out of 100
awww I miss you both
Wish I had a Mac so I could download the new Greenpois0n <U+E413><U+E413>
Good morning to u all, take the time to thank jesus today now for the best blessing ever ,LIFE.. now is ur decision how u use it aks jesus .
i got the song chopped
Frank, just pre-ordered the print of The Shape of Design (totally stoked). Wondering if you could sign it for a Theta Chi brother.
is it sad to say that is an addiction i love . and im proud to say that
responding to a freelance inquiry.
RT : New addition to overused political lexicon "Everythings on the table" Still #1 "The reality is." #2 "At the end of the day."
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all mothers out there!
No matter what I am going through I am always there for other's
thank you God for another beauTIFFul day, #dailytweet !
doesn't really like sluts and finally deleted tila tequila.
I rarely do this… But it seems I'm going to spend the night doodling. Got to get out of this funk somehow!
I think it's a Mormon tradition, and the author is Mormon, right?
Thank you so much! :D
Steve's sick.
You were working 2 jobs, just to put a roof over our head.
You've just been Crumbled LA 30 tickets or so left for friday.
just got back from the beach & DQ :]
it is interesting,even those with the "hook up" complain about the status quo as much as those who don't have the same structural advantages
Real estate expo from tomorrow
A sunny Friday? I'll take it!
killed it tonight... packed out the house, even played us a new song.... only in Seattle.
Lots of EAD sessions for me at #saa11. Love EAD but we need to put it to better use. If EAD document is a database we should use it as such.
Day 1 of EOLv2 press preview underway.
Go organize every inch of my house? haha
Wanna watch Forgetting Sarah Marshall then bedtime...
In da trap
I think I need an Adderall today...
he does incredible work lowering the bar for himself, eh? SO glad ESPN Chicago has better local programming during his slot instead.
Hello twitta! It's been a while :) How is everyone?! I've missed you!
A group is a bunch of people in an elevator. A team is also a bunch of people in an elevator, but the elevator is broken! -Bonnie Edelstein
He's so adorable! He looks a lot like our Pudge :-)
Yes, it does.
RT: :Ideas are nothing without execution. Goals are just dreams without execution.
Happy Friday: No particular theme or focus today - TGIF!!!
Yes, I thought so, too!
I didn't tweet cuz I was still in school! :(
I feel you lol me too
On the high noon shootout between Sheriff Clarke & Ed Flynn - Clarke wins the fashion award (horse, spurs) but my $$ is on the Chief
nonsense. Cardboard is totally different than wood.
Tupac! Probably a bit late on that though.
Ted DebiaSea & Cake
hopefully we get a good coach.. im ready to find out
How can someone not pronounce New York Gangster right?!
Woohoo! I got advanced screening to passes to Dark Shadows and What To Expect When You're Expecting! :D - Saved $25.00!
Good Morning to all my SUPER Followers! Lets begin to make 2012 connections!!
Finally, saw the latest ep. of Cougar Town on Hulu...loved it... "PENNY CAN!"
In Music Meeting- New Politics “Yeah Yeah Yeah” I’m starting to “like” it less, it’s a silly pop song
strip club
all the words used to describe Camille are totally spot on. As my aunt says she did it to herself!!!
THANKS Paul! Appreciate the RT tons. Witty AND Provocative? Oh baby.
2,000 Years Of Waiting To Go Home + 64 Years Of Miracles= The Story Of The #Jewish Ppl
Milwaukee is a hub for wack ass niggas !!!!
LMFAO! Thanks for the advice. I'll make sure to try that lol
RT Want to make sure you have an article that garners interest? Use a keyword research tool like Google Autocomplete!
#iwantracetickets Dale Jr.
girl, you're welcome!
do you mean mobile apps that use open data? There are several created at Codeathons check and
are you gonna be at tryouts?!
Rock-n-roll n-deed. :-) RT : I just signed up to try out for a improv house team. Rock-n-roll.
it's one of my favorite words.
The tech to create the video of 2Pac was much newer. ;-)
I can't forget about undertaker vs h
do you think it's worth the upgrade from an iPad 1?
Life is like a cup of tea, it's all in how you make it. ~ Irish Proverb
follow FOLLOWS BACK!
So PROUD of my #OhioU #Bobcats! Could not be any better that they beat #MI :-) Oh, my hubby's bracket is hurting ... LOL
Awesome Thanks! Can't wait!
Yayayayay! The weekend has begun! So excited for our Second NWA Workshop this Sunday! Stay Tuned!
I don't see any reason why the iPads with 3G or LTE can't also be used a phone with earbuds
Thus dude on Steve wilkos just fucked himself lol
RT #mla12 does something I wish more people did, ends by giving audience head's up to key journals in the field.
“ Going to Vegas next weekend!!” hell yeah about to have a blast!
uh yeah I'm mad homie lol
bout time!!
Where are they now? We check back with job seekers laid off during the height of the recession. Story on twelve.tv this evening.
We @ the Sheraton Abq Uptown are sorry to hear about the passing of your Grandpa.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
DM coming for you :)
more like in a crowd while in pajama
you will. You should sit with us. :)
Stop fucking fourteen year olds.
All the cool ppl are going. ": Putting the final touches on the afterparty. This is going to rock! #XbusTour #innovate2011 ^JB"
So happy for and her new job!!
we love you too! :))
#imagine you: Justin..Justin: shh save the talking for later, I just want to stare into your eyes and hope this lasts forever *he kisses u*
i saw smh
It seems that robots on twitter present one with an array of options. Free iPads, sweat-soaked thongs, pregnancy tests. The future is NOW!!!
This injustice must be corrected immediately!
If the retina were slower than speed of a light photon, how could it capture the photon? So, what is the speed of existence?
finally unfollowed alot of non-needed tweeters to get to <2000 so can add more new ones now!
You wouldn't be able to tell that it's one of my tests if it was easy... ;-)
aw thank you!!
thanks for watching the video - I'm really new at videos I appreciate the encouragement!
wight what?
I like to call it...observation ;)
haha, yep. He's more popular than I am. He's cuter too. He'll probably be famous in El Reno b4 too long. <U+263A>
Cd is herding crowd outside for video
Haha I have a headache. Going to bed. Algebra EOC tomorrow. Woohoo -___- GREAT way to start off my week.
easily best FA pickup. Wish my packers would have added him. Have never had that 3rd down back.
For people who participated in the #MW2012 #musesocial chat: anything we should share with the SI team today from the session?
Ohmygod. I just died. My brother managed to get Europe & Russia confused on a map.
If you want someone to handle the details or your business hire a kid in India for $2 an hour.
The guy across from me is nodding out from dope and has tin foil in his hands.... la why you do crazy
Just heard the term "brotox" today.
Thanks for joining us for Christmas , we hope you had a merry one!
she just learned it lol.
hate to tell you this...but no.
boy look at this body.........I work out
Rae I think you should do a video on growing up Korean American I'd love to watch!
MiAW in Europe this month. Contact for booking! MusicisaWeaponBand.com
#RIT Formula car had mechanical problems, so no show at :( Guy dancing to Lady Gaga a poor replacement
Whoops, I meant recommend! And I still don't.
OMG HI!!! sorry for the late reply I was watching my bro fail at MW3 haha!
Where is Uncle Jesse and Michelle!? Ugh.
We can't wait to meet them <3
Breaking news - FREE MIMOSA AT MY READING TODAY
We're live tweeting from Viral is a Dirty Word: Strategic Video Success
I imagine they'll keep the hopepipe ban in place for as long as they can… London and the SouthEast needs a lot of water.
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates...StraightEdge?
NEWS: The first show of 2012 will be at Hody Bar & Grill on Saturday, January 28th!
RIP jose perez, man I'm still in shock I can't believe his gone, its so hard.
BUY IT! What are you waiting for?
yees, he is!
Saying this with literally no trace of irony: Congrats! RT : I just deleted my account, felt great.
#AddHealth2Life leading effort to bring locally sourced food to seniors in her district. That’s #agefriendly!
on da mic work best wen fried/let me be and don't ask me why/said it many times get off mines/this my life i smoke and rhyme
I agree! is excited too! RT #indyfest cant wait to c what this "snakepit" is all about in mke! sounds awesome
lol ok ! How your summer been ?
love the commercial, making Nancy Kerrigan into Fancy Kerrigan, Awesome!
I'd rather see #ladygaga perform than this old hag
Good worship service in H-Ville Oasis last night. Hosanna in the highest! Very nice Word by Pastor Tim as well.
I would like to thank all my porn star/whore followers. What would I do without you?
man you got em all PT want to be like you when I grow up. Hahaha u back in the ville yet?
bring your posse. We all want to escape.
Greatest beard ever. RT : RedLegs definitely need to re-establish "no facial hair" rule.
Almost any difficulty will move in the face of honesty. When I am honest I never feel stupid. [continued]
On second thought...it's better this way...Now you can have more creative control over your career...KEEP THAT....
That's not a boy.
it's may 24th- i told my husband- i made it by a week to my goal of being published by 35 ;)
You said it. Press will still find a way to call him "arrogant" If he gets 7th Wimby, I wish I could give him sequins
Come on Scott-After all the green beer they will need a reminder that the phones still work without the wires.
girl you should!
There he is... w/ Fred Jamerson
Just now getting up. And now im about to go to the pool and chill.
I'm off Sunday!!!!
Future #Yankee Bryce Harper makes his MLB debut tonight.
how about some runs here tigers? 1 run so far? seriously?
Hm...going to be in Seattle for 5 days...anyone have some suggestions?
Joss Whedon destroys all expectation in glorious fashion. I was 8 years old again. Movies are magic, no doubt.
that's great, right?
Intelligence is sexy. So are deep voices and brown hair.
anyone else having problems with working lately?
Can't wait to see the videos! I'm all ready a fan!
Chillin here what's up with u
On the video channel: tail end of "Roxanne" followed by "One Thing Leads to Another." Greatness. Suddenly I have acne and hair gel again.
Kurt killed it! Rachel is nervous haha
Oh snap! Almost forgot I joined the softball team and first game is tomorrow evening. Gotta get ready for that too.
Got it! Sounds good! Check out the website if you need equipment when its time to shoot, www.kmcamera.com
WELCOME TO TWITTER HAPPY VALENTINES DAY,WISH YOU SUCCESS. LUCY
I just can't, I gotta keep my followers laughing
Starting April 1st, Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate every Mondays and Saturdays
hi cHris I'm at church
Going to a yoga class. Wish me luck.
Good skin is a reflection of a good digestive system. Acne, rosacea, and psoriasis can be from imbalanced "good" vs. "bad" bacteria.
Hey thanks for following! Happy new year
Busy day today...gym, Zumba, meeting, teaching a graduate course, then LOTS and LOTS of school related work. My life is never dull!
lil mamma held it down. She gained my props for that one there
On the Reds game Cowboy needs to stop talking about batters "fisting" the ball - its worse than bball players going to the bench for a blow
making fun of friends
What do you do with a 40 year old woman who thinks she's God's gift? Trade her in for two 20 year olds.
*Finally* getting started on my e-portfolio write up.
So if I typed "whore" on google your picture would come up right?
New La Mesa Police Chief Ed Aceves shares crime rates 4 LM for this 3rd quarter: Aggravated assault and robbery both up compared to 2010.
Also on Thursday, March 22: Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
got a real person I can speak with?
no. heavens carefree. they play go fish and monopoly.
Time to get fancy :P
yeah, I need to request one but I can't do it online. I have to print the form :( I guess I'll go to the library tomorrow.
is a fool. ROFL
You don't respect yourself miss, when all u know about is cold showers.
When You Want To Make It Happen?
Busy as a bastard today. Work work work then drink drink drink. Watching Th Green Mile One of the best movies ever. But thats just me.
I was in shoprite getting ready to pay for my drink and the girl cashier likes omg ur a famous actor and i go nah im a barber. lol
#finalstime. ACCOUNTING LETS GO.
Just terrible! Lol.
were off and running in the PJ's baddest.
Refusing forgiveness is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. Forgive for the self, if nothing else.
slavery is real
As much fun as driving a pick up drick is the gas managment is insulting
apparently headbutts arnt legal in the NFL
expose idiocy everywhere, my new mantra.
I got some serious chills right now. Congrats
Library table at Parent Orientation-need flyer on jobs...that is what 'rents are interested in
I can't sleep so i'm gonna watch a movie.
Even though it's always summer in Florida with a few chilly mornings lol
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
RT : Learning lots at #HVSummit. Can't wait to get back to GA and share w/ our partners!
pizza night ? dj-
maybe will take me? :) We haven't come out there yet and we love wine!
lol Im heading to a party! :)
Welcome to twitter!! Coming soon Jade Monkey and Hawks! Social Inbox Corp blowing up!!!
Eavesdropping on this conversation that are having & am learning some new things!
Sounds like this work call isn't keeping me from much in the #Royals game, eh?
You smiled at me for one second, but that smile had me smiling for the whole day <U+2665>”
Haha that awkward moment when you're tweeting that person right beside you.....
can't stop listening to Skrillex - Cinema. I'd totally sing this to
Jim Farley is amazing! RT Yes :) RT : blown away by how CMO 'gets' social listening & letting fans...
LA Area Archivists Get-Together tomorrow Fri 4/20 3-5pm Young Research Library in West Electronic Classroom. Everyone is welcome!
Don't love no hoe, that's my principal
4 day weekend is starting to look good right about now!!
yeah thats what I think I'ma doo cause if I start to early my curls will fall !
He who has health, has hope. And he who has hope, has everything. - Proverb
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>I'm still lookn for that woman..<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Thank you! I sure will. Very busy but time for fun too!
I had trouble signing out of the web version of Twitter last night.
I want to find someone who makes my heart start and stop beating at the same time...
What patterns of belief or behavior do you need to let pass away today? Your thoughts and actions determine your results!
It's a little small, but I think that will work.
I hear ya,as a fan I would want the easiest road to the Championship possible.That certainly is not playing UK
Me too It's why I'm taking Friday off! RT : It's only Tuesday but it feels like it's Thursday or Friday to me!
Haitian Embassy is full of hospitality, lively music and delicious treats! Pickup a cookbook!
I love this fucking feeling!
Looking for an very user friendly #CRM client any suggestions are greatly appriciated.
Join us for the moving Knoxville Nativity Pageant on Sun, Dec 11, 3pm at Knoxville Civic Coliseum. Free admission. Also on Dec 12/13 @ 7pm.
well Damn! Had no clue
Hey cousin. Haven't been on in a few. Message me your # plz :)
hey-back in Memphis....
I'm pretty sure that was taken during the playoff preview show.
Thank U all for the follow! U guys are the best! :-) Have a fun weekend!
yeah, when are you available? Sunday brunch?
Hello Metroplex !! Thursday is here and we are ready for the best Rumba , here @ MamboCafe Dallas !! Ladies get in free all night long !
I know! And sometimes it's a big elephant you need to eat!
UK baseball can have an 8-4 record in their final 12 SEC games and still set the school record for SEC wins in a season.
Girl You know I will be there to support you
When Melo decides he is going into the paint he is a bulldozer!!! Unstoppable
Good morning #ROC!
HEAD CHOPPED. RIP RAT TAIL.
Great news we put up a new song! Its called "Revisionist" go listen to it and tell us what you think! www.facebook.com/athroneofarms
Is that like a question or.. ? Hahahah cause yes he does. a lot
Chicken and rice, corn and a roll.
#SherlockPBS is dark, sharp & surprising! Keep your mr grey, ladies!
Thanks, I sobbed. Like a little bitch...Damon DID meet her first...like wtf? is she going to remember now? she better!
GO PUT ON SOME PANTS
Shout out to for being the only female at the #ManLunch today AND sportin' that sexy "I'm doin' shit" power outfit
Rabbit Rabbit! =)
Just killed my calc I final. Good way to end a crappy day of classes.
This boy just doesn't get it was just a one night stand >.< ;p
That's okay, it hasn't changed. ; )
Re: Ryan Braun. Just seems like his face is thinner or something. Maybe it's the TV.
Dang. Can I assume Ned Yost doesn't trust Mazzaro if he has Nate Adcock warming up in the bullpen and it's only the fourth inning?
my mac air doesnt have cd drive. when i travel ive no way 2 play insanity dvds. happy 2 spend another $100+ for a download. plans?
takin everything slow, so slow.. so sloow.
is cooking up chips & guacamole, tostada de carne asada, fiery fish tacos and red burritos.
The brand name is important for one company, which can help the customers to distinguish one company in the market
I would love to, but I am already booked. Thanks for the offer, I love Tweet Night!
Do I look like Mikey? O.o thinks so.. DHFOAIWJE AWJ FO;IAJWOIJTEFOJW3QPTUWEF.
listening to terrible music
Maybe we'll see you there!
I am in bed...eyes wide open. O.O
The Thompson Library is accepting new applications for winter quarter’s Graduate/Faculty Locker drawing, from now until January 10.
youre an ass.
ik u feel tht way but idk bout others. and thanks hannah it means a lot iloveyou girlie(:
yes, I could do w/o the "welcome to California" earthquake. Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
I feel like a pledge walking around in jeans bc of lab dress code
have you seen the new three stooges preview? Looks pretty sweet!
Aw. We are collectively blushing!
Hoping ROH signs with our other iPPV affiliate...
U rock Glenn!
OLLU SOFTBALL: Won 6-0 against Bacone College in second game of doubleheader.
Aesthetics emerges at the division/disjunction between religion (magic) and technology. ~Simondon
these niggas faker than Tha bitch hair sittin next to em! On my mama from the city to the town #mybigblockfamilystillkeepinitlit!!
not in the USA RT“: If NBA lockout continues and cancels season, Will people start watching NHL again?”
Has anyone noticed that we haven't really heard from in awhile?
thank god
Paul: i used to think it was nasty to add spinach to a smoothie but now I actually like it - just made one - blackberry/banana/spinach
Just about time to get ready for work hope today is another awesome one! Happy Sunday March 4, 2012 pplz!
Still up. My sleep schedule has always been jacked up.
#TooLittleTooLate if your just now realizing your fat....
One day I will marry just gotta make sure she doesn't meat dudes a bad guy
Going to my first and I am o so excited!!!
I'll check my calendar and we'll get that rescheduled asap
It's 82! Windows down. Sunroof opened. Matt Maher, Hold Us Together playing. #lifeisgood :) Can't wait to see the kid.
hey there(:
So I tell people I like grant writing, but I'm pretty sure I like painting my nails and listening coast to coast am more.
In the long run, we are all dead.
sometimes it tries to auto correct my name to Eritrea which is kind of hilarious
THIS SHIT NEVER GETZ OLD
New followers we dig: (hi Craig!) and
Agree that God doesn't make mistakes!!! Love how you represent our #Mizzou!!!!
"Change & growth take place when a person has risked himself & dares to become involved w/experimenting with his own life." Herbert A. Otto
read your book, Digital Mom Handbook and it refreshed my memory from BlogHer. Great read!
I'll trade ya two and one for an mint condition!
#Ditto RT : Just watched "Game Change." Omg.
AND I LOOOOVEEE ROCC HE CUTE! ^-^
wen is the undertaker coming back
i just watched ur interview!(: never stop singing. ever. u'll be famous one day. i know it(:
Great day at with all of the food trucks. A beautiful day to raise money for Thanks for coming out!
Ha!!! RT Today's Relationships ; You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Pulitzer board stiffs 'Swamplandia' and other works of fiction - Kansas City Star
Think should submit a video for the Sundrop 'drop it like it's hot' campaign. What u say
I love my new neighborhood!
": Fuck you if you hate Chris Brown or #teambreezy." >>>>>>
really George?? Puuuuleeeez. Do u think I care? Luv u though. :)
exactly and btw, those guys are avail for marketing and promo initiatives via RR founders!
I hate the Yankees.
WOW! She looks horrible. -_-
I so love beening on twitter:))
Little Big League. Rookie of the Year. Sandlot. Field of Dreams. I could go on and on.
Happy Easter everyone.
Sorry, but StrikeForce will always be Tito Santana and Rick Martel to me.
Someone should ironically make a "hoarding" app where you greedily store away all the interesting things you want to hide from your friends.
Have fun what a nice time of year to be up in the Hamptons.
i was obviously talking about me n u when i tweeted that to keegan
A leader is best when people barely know he exists talks little when his work is done his aim fulfilled they will say We did this ourselves
Forever21 needs to open up a tall/skinny section. Aren't there clothes supposed to be model-like? If so, why is everything short on me? Ugh.
LOL! You are very right!
started crying
Perhaps a parachute, or wing suit.
Is it dark and mysterious, with a long tunnel that leads to the first guitar that mankind has ever seen?
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!!!
no time for playin games if his eyes aren't on ur prise only bounce! Unless she got a big butt & smile!
No runs on 2 hits for Patriots in the 4th, their first 2 hits of the game. M. Harris, G. Cip, Skinkis due up for
im going this week to see how much their gonna charge me to get my arm outlined needa get the rest done :)
all I have been bumpin to this past days is
and the yankees came back and killed the sox? i missed a lot of things :(
and snowing? It s snowing here. I'm only 15 mins away from DC
does your dad still sell tasers?
Could not agree more!! #gooddaytobealiveafterfive RE: Not a cloud in the sky
Yes, which is why name badges DO help!
This is how you're going to treat your friend? Is this how it is?
Really wanting some Brad Paisley tickets!!! #concert #fun #love #COUNTRY <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
"You always pass failure on the way to success."
After a 60-hour work week, I'm off to shoot in Puerto Rico for a week.
If that pussy ain't smack'n like a hoe dat own a pimp money it aint wet enough
Thanks for the welcome! See you soon!
#Lakers have third best home record in the NBA.
that is a volatile combination.
Thanks. I hope you like it. Have you written any screen plays or scrips? I would love to read your novel when finished!
Good Morning one and all...Coffee's hot and the sun is up!! Nothing better in the morning!
When u choose to put love first, everything that isn't love will fall away.
I'm torn to be right where you are.-He Is We<3
Text Me Sweetheart
I love my job!
Getting more tobbacco for my hookah today. This time trying passion fruit one.
Absolutely fabulous. Warm sun, cool breezes. Unseasonably great! miss all my buds there in Houston.
just seen thee phatttEST as cant be real lawd
certian things i am very proud to be a geek xx
Football practice again tonight will we get rained out?
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the MS Fundraiser tonight @ Dogfish Head Alehouse in Falls Church West...aka Chantilly, VA!
Very successful #SportsTacklesCancer event on Thursday night! Thx from to Chicago
"Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression." - Dr. Haim Ginott
Is it just my imagination or was the wait for Newt to sayit's over just as painful as a migraine?
you are now a cat? but cats make your life miserable...
Packed up "The Box" for my NBPTS renewal. Headed off to mail it now. Feeling more anxious than relieved still.
this is a bucket list fantasy! To have my man come home & find my trail of rose buds (cliché) leading to a nice
At Pink's on Melrose eating entirely way too much #overconsumption with and
N***** will steal your shit and then help you look for it. "Damn bro, where did you see it last?"
does anyone know of a JHU alum group devoted to HL Mencken?
Ah good point. Don't think I can wait that long!
Need a Cat nap aka Power nap. Seems that is all there is time for these days. The grind never stops.
Local filmmakers premiere their short film Un buen hijo at hART Lounge in San Diego - 7.11.11 at 6pm!
why the hell do i even bother, if i already know what response i'll get ? #whatever d:
There's no way I could stand watching WiFi sync; I'd flip out. It happens overnight or not at all here. :/
My brain has mashed-up Cash and Dylan this a.m. My right hemisphere has taken over. Wish I had some creative to do!
I'm working, but I'll have it on. #GoAvsGo!
March Madness begins in exactly one month in Portland! RT The NCAA Men's Basketball Comm has begun its meetings in Indianapolis.
whats with all the celebrities and and
Donors to Craig James' Senate bid in Texas: ESPN's Jenn Brown and Mike Patrick, plus Butch Davis and Eric Dickerson.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter :)
It's fun, but also challenging - luckily management let this position evolve considering our needs.
is Kobe the greatest Laker of all time then?
Then why's it always feel so heavy?! Light on the surface perhaps, but structurally and institutionally as ingrained as ever
Sometimes I just have to mute Jim Cramer. Way to spazzy.
Hiding out from the rain...
ive been trying to bring back the word "dope" for a while now, so everyone try this at home "thanks for the dope present"
A pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up. (: <U+270C>
“ Liquor store run....its Friday”
Same to you alienhead. RT : Happy mothers day
have fun casting - whats the deal union or non???
It doesn<U+FFFD>t matter where you go in life, it<U+FFFD>s who you have beside you that makes it worthwhile.
I think it's okay with a really, really big tip. One percent for every mph the wind is!
Hahahahaa go suck jerry! :D
ORGANIC spray tanning! our clients love their bronze glow!
Haha my mommy likes the song "Smile" by Avril Lavign. I'm very surprised. Wow. :)
#Milwaukee #Police just talked the man down of the ledge of the #Hoanbridge!
Justin bieber
HOE-LO. (; sluts ftw.
I believe we should live and let live.
Friday at AAG! Two morning sessions of geo-education and geo-games. Next session on geography and social media. Packed house here
"For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are those 'It might have been.'" - John Greenleaf Whittier
yep! you just kicked my tweet's ass
Unique way of stating what free-market capitalists feel and one we all can relate too. Let the countdown clock begin!
Ya know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus Yall just da pilgrims.
well some one looks H-O-T in there pic!! No homo :p
Watching an old person use an ATM is hilarious.... But not as hilarious when you're waiting in line behind them.
#CNI2009spring EthicShare VRE; making use of the GroupLens research team; they do research on what makes collab recommendation systems go
Good! i deff will be on the look out! i was seriously on the floor laughing! reminded me of my friends haha! please follow =)
RT : Cheese is the most stolen food in the world. Smell my fromunda cheese
good to see you too my friend! :)
Sometimes I wish I went to TCU so it would only take me 15 minutes to get back to college. Stupid 5 hour drive!
wait what channel?
HOW THE FUCK DID I ONLY GET A 29 ON MY A.C.T.!!! >:O
That nigga C Miles told me today he hope my baby help me get some tittes haha
Hope everyone had a lovely tax day. Our accountant Mr. Dollar (seriously, that is his name) made & mine quite nice.
We have a new server and location ready - vpn-as2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Denver, CO.. It's available in your customer area now.
you're welcome!! <U+E056><U+E328>
Church after work today....
took the series!!
Live music all weekend starting tonight with The Acoustix! If you want to get on our stage, come tonight for Karaoke at 10.
Java AtomicReferenceArray MSF module looks pretty sexy.
Relaxing. Going to watch "Slumdog Millionaire"
Morning wind & rain - One lone coot bobs in the waves Where once were hundreds.
Waiting for a table and this woman stands over a group sitting down for dinner until they felt so uncomfortable they got up and left
we have so many great meals together in our future - I can just taste it ;-)
I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" Bitch you need to hibernate.
everyone be tryna play me to the left like I ain't that nigha. Tf is wrong with y'all?! Lol
I should have stuck w my original plan today...I'm so miserable!
Jim finally caught BRIDESMAIDS this weekend. Just as good as everyone said it was. You dare disagree?!?
It should be irrepressible excitement
- Ehlan wa Sahlan! - stop by for lunch or espresso & gelato some time.
Today's contest at Oceanside Pier postponed - Again!
Thoroughly thought out design as opposed to something that is just "pretty" or "cool"... design that can tell a story.
Flew in from #Vegas last night and just booked my room for the #NACE12 conference June 12-15 in Vegas!
Going to buy an early birthday gift for myself, tickets to Florence and the Machine
This could be a college class. Ever thought about being a visiting scholar? I'm hooked.
- Haven't received your Chef Hall of Fame ballot yet. Call 858-634-4410 to be part of Monday's promo shoot for our Sept issue
Sanfelippo could easily afford it. His cab company raked in an estimated $23 million.
I would choose the cup of a carpenter
Fla we need to get out and vote 4 , a lot of things have been changed, and we can't let GOP push us back 2 the old rules
Yay! Laundry night. Man, do I wish there was a fluff & fold place in LA.
not leaving bed til it's warm outside lol
Lately everytime I drink this particular wine-something goes wrong.
I have some ideas, but its not at jury duty while opening a restaurant #kettlehill RT : Where is a chefs time best spent?
It would SoO make my Day iF can RT! Im KinDa HavInG a BaD MorNinG.. :/
Had a fantastic time in Tampa and Orlando filming and getting to know everyone Thanks guys. Heading home now.
All the best wishes for 2012 from us here at Chevy Chase Ballroom. We can't wait to dance with you in the New Year!
I love that is on the banned list but UMG paid them for that Eminem advertisement.
Planning my first trip in over two years, my first comment: "We have to go between June 8th and June 22nd... you know, Prometheus and Brave"
#Rutgers Green with an ankle twist is no good...
now you're just teasing mee ;( lol
#RIPMCA Few people fit as much awesomeness into 47 years as he did. Legendary talent and super nice guy. Long live the Beasties.
Woke up to a dance remix for first single that is FIYAH. Working it all out. Who
I dunno about that, but Baron Davis might see a decline in minutes. Lin, Melo, Amar'e, new big 3?
One problem I have with the makeup industry is this constant attempt to fight aging. Umm hello, everyone ages. It's natural.
The #Oscars just got better - an sighting!!!
Battery! Is about "A" Battery of the 139th GFAB, 82nd Airborne. Their "Dick Winters" was Charles Sartain. He's still alive today.
And Audre Lorde. #Feb18trifecta PS Hope you had the happiest of birthdays!
hope u die
I KNOW
or are you like a tiny buddha...covered in hair?
Luv u all but happy easter?, rabbits, eggs, candy, were not kids anymore..give way 2 the true meanin of the day-HAPPY RESURRECTION SUNDAY
. Usage: "Windows Mobile5 defenestrated the mobile market to iOS", "WebForms defenestrated a generation of developers to Ruby"
until then, individual educations stay second
Go Broncos!
I really am not in the mood to be at work at all today
Now y'all tryna say what's up?!?...nah, nah
thanks, I had been planning on seeing your show this weekend but got free tix to Venus in Fur Fri, a buddy was in town Sat...
The best way to avert the hidden costs incorporated in printing is to estimate the cost of printing per page
How was the rodeo?:D
Your welcome :) how was your Thanksgiving
RT : nope not marketing SM should be part of community engagement. community does not equal marketing
I solute you, my comrade!
Avery Fisher, so touched by your generosity. Your support will go a long, long way. We cannot thank you enough! Love!!!!!
It is true you make my day that much better
Our clients include law firms and corporations who require our expertise and noted experience in identifying skilled legal employees.
I thought you weren't supposed to go to bed mad. this girl will be waking up with a shitty attitude.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Wear plenty of sunscreen!
Everybody come check out my boys at Uncle Billy's Rooftop tomorrow at 4p great music beautiful lake views! And it's Free!!!!!
If you want to get somewhere you have to know where you want to go & how to get there. Then never, never, never give up. Norman Veale
is Niese ready to break out?
Congrats on the new job!
That is insanity. Something needs to happen ASAP, and that something would be incarcerating the murderer!
Loving the sweatpants bulge from Carlos
(well, the passage he read on This American Life)
We just got copies of Strike and The Cigarette Girl in and they look incredible! We can't wait for you all to see them.
Thank you so much! I'll see you soon!
I picked it out yesterday. Just had to sleep on it, and going in to buy while he's in the car. :)
Creature by The Fatty Acids! RT
Happy Birthday<3
no problem
good sign for the weekend: found donna haraway book on the sidewalk. why would anyone throw this away? "...the cyborg is our ontology"
Not sure what dream I had last night but it caused me to take my pillow case off and throw it and my pillow across the room.
is testing my patience lol I guess i should quit for now
Gonna try coming before June 2!
Dinner time. Super excited for our Cannes young lions ad competition shoot over the next two days!!
Junior Reid..
Why doesn't seem very happy in the Happiness is the New Currency panel? Does he save all his happiness for ?
1 number?? D:
chilling with my familyy
lol that was some funny shit right there
pretty much ....
We will be at the Britton Pub this Saturday with Lost July out of Texas. 18 to enter 21 to drink.
It's like Harlequin meets erotica.
#PLNU people-- Go check out 's senior show! It is bitchin.
I thought canola was a cheap, unhealthy oil.
watched like 83 of them. hilarious.
Match of the night so far: win over Bully Ray!!
Old music is the best!
Come on back anytime! Glad you enjoyed your time.
Ah, so I have only about 15y on you. started college in '74
Beautiful autumn Seattle sunset now underway
Jane Fonda pretending to be disabled and sitting in wheel chair to get through airport security faster! WTF ! what a bitch!
When I first heard you scream in Freak, It just made me love you like twenty thousand times more. Freak is by far my favorite.
Feel free to visit on a nice summer day. Great food and wine on this here rock.
it's nice to know you're surfing everyday <U+E056><U+E017>
I like music but I hate musical guests.
My music exceeds the average volume. This is how I like my music.
It was great to have you in class! See you in Publishing on the Web next month.
Bringing down a prototype cube + cone to NYC and will meet folks informally: FRI Union Sq, SAT Prospect Park, SUN Central Park. Details soon
I haven't run into this problem before, and generally I love using , but this issue has me a little worried.
thank you for blessing me and acknowledging me following you ;))))
laid back friday night
Heats a go hard enuh
when i kum to atl whur kan i c u/r kan i pay u to be in my video shoot?
Have not seen them or tasted yo food. But I might get lucky 1year N see both!? ha...GM by da way
laptop, YOU HAVE ENOUGH PHONES and even if you did get a new one you would either hate it, break it or both within a month
oh yes!! had a a great day and lots of fun with my hott girlfriend....come get yours!!check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
#AustinTo700K <3 I keep tweeting because I'm a proud Mahomie. Even though I know it's gonna be harder to get noticed by him :(
If you're at #scelc2012 be sure to stop by the table to say hello and see a demo of our new interface
This game is crucial
WHO SET UP MEETINGS AN DNT HAVE NO MUTHA FUCKN JUICE MUFFINS COOKIES PEPPERMINTS COFFEE CREAM OR EVEN FUCKIN PAPER TOWELS
4 sure. My favorite aunt is up there. Mentor from Berklee John Ramsay is up there still teaching too. We'll make it happen.
goodnight all
While #opendata alone does not satisfy acct'bility, it's a critical component of any modern #opengov strategy.
Good morning <U+2600>
just had dinner at Zengo.......delicious.
and I are going swimming today. Just saying.
Tweet Me Maybe?:)
What do you think about article marketing services??
oh, so fancy! I'm sure you got best dressed for the night you were there!
thanks! I'll try and get a pic as soon as I can.
“Government is a disease masquerading as its own cure.” – Robert LeFevre
Already 15 minutes late. Classic #csil. Predicting she'll come through the door furious about the traffic.
where at?
a man with time has no $ a man with $ has no time BREAKDOWN…understand why I have no time and don't waste my time if u have no $…Fuego out
I have not been around on Twitter lately,because my facebook selling group took of like a rocket.
It's chili time!
did you convince chudney to come back? It was nice to meet you:-) rob
I love being told i look like shit! (:
writing is the asynchronous blend
The Great Paranoid is now available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, Spotify and many more!!!
Hello ! :) So did you think aboout joining us?
RT : #Clearwire #clear stop advertising your 4g Wimax as a Whole city Wifi hotspot. because its not..you fail
Watching tangled :)) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
Im super nervous abt startin @ a new school 2marro..i'd have more confidence abt it if or Rted or followed(:
Hey loves, go follow my tumblr! i follow back, (excuse the ugly background, im just getting use to it)
Hah I just saw your nice tweets to me, then I go to read timeline and see this. LOL you crack me up.
Follow Me 4 A follow back
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
Idc!!! I like my poster!
WHAT?!?!? Archaeologists & MTSU students think they found bones of a mastodon in Franklin; the 5-yr-old paleontologist in me is psyched!
SMILE SUMMER IS NEAR AND CITY GEAR HAVE GREAT DEALS 4443 CANERUN ROAD!
Call me at 10 a.m. Which translates to I won't pick up till 10:45.
+1 #shutthehelluppierre RT : The best part about these West coast playoff games?... no Piere McGuire!
Walking in the pouring rain with (:
Sorry. Talked with Mike Parker not Riley about YouTube
u r super cute and would eventually find someone
1 hr until #artsmgtchat. Join #arts managers fr around the US to talk #socialmedia in the #arts! (cc: )
Just 15 minutes until our REALLY funny SURPRISE moment on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I'm just laying out in my front yard and an unknown neighborhood cat comes and lays next to me. Meow.
Gearing up for rehearsals this month still booking extras for scenes in Monongahela email
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
99% of people are hot. The other 1% go to my school.
This hour is taking so long to go by
Wanted to thank Jon Allhart for including me as part a panel discussion along with Catalana, Ebeneezer and Dan Mason. Enjoyed it.
Ready to start the day!
Photo shoot today with David Williams. Aerial Fabric in the trees. FUN!!
Monday Night Football and #FoodieChat Go Vikings!
thnx. I luv the service dpt city. Lionel has stellar customer service skills. The dealership is wonderful.
Wondering how Kinect would translate the pregnant version of me into an avatar. Thinking it would not be cute.
Congratulations! And great whitewater rafting photo! :)
tuning into webinar to learn how to best use the new FB timeline for fan pages
RT : Any Spotify Premium users out there? Worth the cost? I was wondering the same thing. W/more functionality could be worthit
thanks David!
Jus' went to Wal Mart to get me a book of stamps. Lady at da counter said, "dat'll be 9 bucks."
Just had Tater Tots and Steak Sandwich for lunch..
I'm never drinking again... Classic Sunday morning tweet
All I need is me, myself, and I
My heart beat is off the charts right now like fr fr !
Rumi lounge tonight my bro Dj Michael Collins video mixin all night amazing drink specials don't miss out!!
Since neither of us broke elbows or faces, we both win?
gotta say that Metasexual by Joydrop = one of the greatest albums of all time.
ohh :D mhh i wish he would notice me :D
Good morning! Hope your spring is going well-- coffee soon?
Don't over tag evidence to standards but have evidence for 65% of 97 indicators for evaluations.
I lack the fundamental ability to say no to ginger-pear muffins from Mud Pie, the vegan bakery/coffee shop on 39th Street.
We hate it when that happens. How the rest of your day perks up!
Doing laundry while finishing up food for brunch then the routine for next week begins
Thanks for the mention! :)
June 2 RT When ya bday? My bday is next week RT : One more week till I turn 23
like the high pressure attack in the final 3rd. Need a finisher. Agudelo is rich in the air - needs work with ball on floor.
I just found out my birthday is on Children's day!
Funny I wonder what his excuse was for not reboarding the ship when ordered. The lifeboats wouldn't take me out there?
Haha, On The Avengers Thor's Brother's Name Is Loki, Silly:p
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x7
What im feeling now <<<
oregon association of Builders think we'll see small improvement in the housing market through the Fall.
hey Ruby its little Jenna, u must be so sad that Alli is leaving. Promise to take good care of her back here in the states
MT “Portraits this weekend, Saturday for 's Rite of Rearrangement! Have u made your appt yet? Dates extended! #art #events”
Man do I hate seeing a lead like that squandered. Might as well give the #flyers a little hope cause they're going down in 5
...following, now follow ME!!!! 8^D
O'Reilly's next Talking Point. RT : Has Fox News pointed out how LeBron-to-Miami hurts Obama yet?
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Rain Down!
YES!yes!YES! RT My biggest complaint about audiobooks is I can't skim through the dull parts.
no prob dude,glad you love it!!!
Oh no! I'm so sorry.
I Been Waiting On Ur Phone Call, U Said Yu Had Something To Tell Me =)
stop printing money, increase rates and start making things - advise from #Hannan to #USA via
Congrats Linda Jameson you've won a $50 Dibbs card! Please message us with your email address and we'll forward over information!
Kristen Wiig...BREAKING THE DRESS/SKIN MATCHING RULE. Why are these women doing this to their flesh tones? #donotdoit #youlooknakey!
I know where a Brazilian Steakhouse. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.www.salgrosso.com
#RobertsFreaky XD I love you robert(:
hardly garbage b.c wbb doesnt have an outlet that will overpay millions o $ for underdeveloped talent. Mbb has declined
how long are you going to be in Miami ?/:
Too bad the only offspring home doesn't have a drivers license. I need a soda run! Hmm....does Diet Dr. Pepper deliver?
I finally won the 7yr. old over, she loves me!
Was his strategy "Bodemeister is the greatest horse in Derby history?" Because that's how he ran the race.
Thank you Bob for rescheduling Westbury, see you in late April. Me and the wife can't wait.
Today is one of those days where it seems like everyone has something bad to say about you behind your back. I hate those days.
i now understand why #whenharrymetsally is the granddaddy of all romcoms. SO. MUCH. WIT.
Thanks Jen! Trying to push past writer's block...
'Idol Party Live' With MTV News' Jim Cantiello
TGIF, Happy Friday to my DJ collegues
Thanks and Happy Friday to you! Keep up the great fight!
Always falling but knowing someone is right there to catch you :)
I think your an amazing dancer !! Keep doing what your doing ! You inspire me !
haha thanks! It's awesome like my iPhone :)
Why does the opening for the Oscars look like the bad CGI advertisement for concessions that I have to sit through at the movie theater?
"How would you rebuild your community if you could start over?" Glen Heimstra
What's your primary goal for the year? Our CEO is trying to check lifestartup things off a list before her birthday… anyone else do this?
I'm still up just watching movies on this quiet morning. I'm still thinking about yesterday's episode of amazing.
they are 3 of my top 4 seasons. the year the flyers lost to the devils after going up 3-1 is up there too. 97?
IN THE STUDIO WITH MY NEW ARTIST Q- DELTA. GREAT MUSIC FROM BMB RECORDS COMING SOON
The cure to Bieber Fever is the One Direction Infection. <3
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in San Marcos! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
BBC talking about Detroit teetering on cusp of bankruptcy. Always relish the city embarrassing itself on the international stage. Sigh.
Master of the car talk..... No engine whips powered by the all-spark straight sicknin
yer right. you don't suck, you're rad. I was trying so hard to be a dick, it doesn't work. :) DM me yer number btw.
Producing the taekwondo olympic trials video today!
where are you guys?!
plz follow me back? :)
Thanks for the follow Greg lets keep
Got a case of the Mondays?? We got your remedy right here.... Relax at SKYBAR Las Vegas in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!
we conversate a bit, about your dna, and my salmon colored suit from the vmas. oh you was watchin? who the fuck wasnt?
mother's day was sunday
Needed an explanation from our home office. So I got an e-mail...telling me to expect a fax.
Gruden=idiot : Jon Gruden comparing Detroit's second-round pick, Oklahoma WR Ryan Broyles, to former Raiders WR Tim Brown.
Vacationing with "north Korea expert" during Kim Jong Il's funeral distracts from the actual scenery.
your a Ameezzing ;)
yeah. It's boiling in croatia
that was a good question: role of ux in dev nations. def a good topic for a future chat. want to lead that one?
yo check out some of the music I have posted up retweet if you fucking with it
Mr Iverson back in town...welcome back AI!!
Just found you online through the #BlogPawty and realized you're nearby. We should come visit sometime!
will I see you this wknd d?
going to use SHADES OF MILK AND HONEY as a notable book at next PL conference here in WI
At names his twitter name after his idol, Vicious who stole JOBS & FUTURES from Americans
Randomly discovered a Bosnian Bieber. This kid is amazing! And he'll write us a song for the film! Go Leon Samuel Majcen!
a new stadium will do them little good.
Thank you. :) xx
I know your age!! :DD Damn your old... -.- naa just kidding;3
thank you :)
i want to text skylar back because she's pretty but um she hasn't sent me nudes so what's the point???
just wait
Man my game so cold I be having to put my hgs up on it lol
yes please MT Can we agree to abolish terms of the "Lin-sanity" "Pin-sanity" & "Pinteresting" ilk?
Use inside jokes and intimate poetics as a serious model for social organization. ~Craig Saper
Aww that just made my day :)
so good to see you playing today!! Go AFC!
hey We will Miss hearing your voice. Though I know you will continue to be a voice of SD. BTW Keep the little Hydrated :)
N*SYNC Pandora. Let's go!
Cleaning day!
Thanks for the follow, Victoria! Happy Friday!
i told christina already, the girl was hot man
I suppose, in fairness, pretty much every college dorm since the mid-70s has had a Bob Marley suite.
RT Okay I'm going hard in the paint with my health (diet,exercise,SLEEP) no more games! I need to whip it in shape!
The absolute only thing you'll need today:
if your not requesting bottle service I can request a table based on the number of ladies.
I do love that they chose to inform twitter that they may get sucked up from a tornado ;) my ass would be high tailing it underground.. Lol
for examples of actual dunks please reference last years student faculty game.
Thank you. Great work at ABC7 & PGPD. Good move by PD to hire a reporter :) I'm former PGPD District I
Thanks for the RTs!!
RT : Provencal seaside village menu (octopus asada, fish stew) starts TODAY 5pm, when Gabardine opens. #ChefsMalarkey&White
actully you know me... More then you think you do ;)
#GLEE tonight! so pumped omg
"I want a hippopotamus for Christmas." I don't know, I just felt like saying that.
Avatar at new Union South
Love It!! Great way to make lemonade out of lemons:- D
Daddy J mowed the big lawn, I thought he was gonna plutz he was schvitzing in this 80 degree patriots day. Enjoy your day 2
Hiding in the bathroom. I do not like the thunder!
congrats bro!
we all try.
Show this Sunday at Obrien's in Allston.
Listening to all the songs from High School Musical :) love it ! Best Friday night (: <3
You are a lucky ducky! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
PIERRE is a thankful truck, for the love Franklin Park show to him!
someone bought dinner for me and my friend, but we don't know who!
sure has a lot going on April 19th with Young Professionals Week (thanks to ) and a Living Green Panel. Great programs!
Happy ta b off work not even gon stress myself
you're cleaning up in the fantasy league this week
just launched tactile immersive new #iPad app juxtaposing emerging and established CA artists.
2009 Seven Hills Ciel Red... Monster Wine w Huge Tannins concentrated dark red black fruits mod + length and spicy finish
We are so appreciative of your support! See ya March 4th! RT : looking forward to it!
Damn, is a gold mine of handymen and other mysterious but critical professionals
Who is getting excited for the #MDFilmFest?
get back down here then!
Next time you come we're gonna tweet every single thing you say, lol
We miss you BRITTNEEE!
E Whinston-Qualcomm talks re:their project in TJ 'Dulce Wireless' exciting use of tech in health.
Last weekend in May slots! CHICAGO BANDS!
Just got outta practice
Interesting! I haven't read ahead, trying to enjoy it like everyone does Mad Men: completely blind. A fool's quest I think...
thanks man, sounds great! hope to work together again soon!
I will ... of course, still sitting at my laptop! :) I got my second results back - all good! Getting my strength back! :)
Feels like I haven't been on in forever....
I'm at flat back with a cat standing on me and wondering: instead of hot yoga, cat yoga?
Liz Earls of is a whiz at the game Mad Gab.
aww-adorable pix. Im entertaining a rampaging sick toddler.... Bless u SM9
@ St. Andrews in Detroit waiting on and wish bone
Or our party bus budget...
Looks awesome, can't wait to see it!
Thanks for the Support !!!
the quote I just posted was from Count Maurice Maeterlinck's "Our Social Duty" I would've said so before, but these text limits are hard!
These amazing tactical changes from you Canadian/Cascadian buddies are what now?
I seriously need a texting buddy right now for while i'm on the road!
Do u believe in. Love at first sight or should I go by u again
this is true. perspective is so interesting...
Also, that is the cutest video of Ole sledding!
Why are we graduating from the 8th grade.. Seriously? This is pointless.
I can't believe you're out on Black Friday! LOL!
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
Thanks bro really interesting...
Thx for passing that thru the wires. Always appreciated.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of “Lorne Greene’s Wild Kingdom.”
40's are done at the Combine & CSM client Chris Owusu's 4.36 tied for 1st among WR's and tied for 2nd among all players at the Combine.
OK...ill text u if I'm out that way
lol I'm cool .
: Interested in the work you publish. Excellent ideas.
Oy. I mentioned, um, that music service run by the Fruit computer co. Spam incoming now
cool ! What about analytics? Do you guys do demos? Thank you!!
COOL. I WAS ABOUT TO SAY HOW YOURE SUCH A GOOD FRIEND BUT U KNOW WHAT? NO, JUST NO.
Yes. I just put in tasks today and it says they are yesterday?
This was great! I look forward to more!
now on my way to church
Thoughts are with my cute little boyfriend today as he has his surgery.
Playing Sunset towers tower bar tonight with Gordon Bash on bass, 7-11.
Please follow . Pretty please. That's all I want. <U+E32A><U+E054>
Omfg !!!!!! Bieber is performing on the finale of #TheVoice I'm so flippen happy !!!!!!
lock it up! What's wrong with my twitter game?
you & your mom are hillbillies. this is a house of learning doctors.
me 2 bro
I got u is it out on DVD
HEY HEY.... DONT GIMMIE NO LIP BOY...
Still up studying with mckenzie for this biology exam... Ugh hope we do good! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Seriously is my car the only pollen filled car in Charlottesville!?
RT : Congratulations to Gore Verbinski for his Oscar win on diecting Rango. He's directing THE LONE RANGER here in New...
i will forever love drake and justin bieber and austin mahone and big time rush <3 ;)
me to
I appreciate my family for lending you ears when I need an opinion?
The Hottest contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract
hey! How you doing?
They say u guilty when you get upset about a question pertaining to something u didn't do.No I get up set about the Confidence u built 2 ask
whitney houston died???
What about Posterous?
I wish you were too! How was your party?
I think I'm losing my voice:(
Representing at the #salesforce #cloudforce event. Greetings from the world of theatre.
Pure Tuesdays get some!!!
" This is God given... All I have to do is show up.. " Boobie Miles
Certainly was! RT : It was great to see everyone at the mixer. Thanks to and for hosting!
Happy Belated Birthday Hot Mami.... remember never call on a inside straight
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within
+Make sure you check out the official launch TDM Webacademy May 2011
a baby is something special
RT : Big #Bucks game tonight. Big. Huge. Let's get this playoff spot! //
Sundress n' combat boots.
gotta go with 'Battleship Potemkin'
fuck you -_- lol « I want to wear my jersey again to mess with <U+2665>»
see thank you
“: Photography is a love affair with life. - Burk Uzzle”
#feartheturtle RT : Congrats to on new ESPN deal. Big for ESPN to keep him away from NBC and others.
Up in class aced my Greek test
: Will miss you! UT is big reason. GIS talent. Plan to get out more in 2012.
Yesterday, I wrote 1800 words for an essay that I'm working on. Today, it's like getting blood from a stone.
Dusty sided with us regarding how Julie acted last nite. Told us we should not be treated that way. Just wanted our story
one more thing and I'll leave you alone. Which version are you using? Klang or That Thae
": I repeat: The tea party isn’t dead. It’s looking down ballot...no entrenched incumbent —Dem or Repub— is safe
So enjoyed talking with Dr. Neal Burns' graduate advertising class this evening and !
Thanks for visiting! What did you have this evening?
Love this month's Bark Box! Miracle Wipes came just in time for those doggy walks in the rain!
yeah I'll take one n Nana I got a good workout cd 4 u too
Not playing like it, but Omer Asik 'looks' like he just crawled out a hot box in the parking lot outside of Stony Brook 5th-year senior dorm
and it's the size of a forearm
Lmao , Why They Do That Tho , Like If Youu Come To Learn It's There Job To Teach You.
I'm super excited. Just got out of our #API Dev meeting. Some AWESOME new features now in the pipe. I can't wait to release them for y'all
Man, I've been deep in the shed. Writing and revising up a storm. I'm going to tweet an called "An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom" shortly
My brother just asked me to spell JROTC. I want to die.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
5:30am Yoga might just be the best way to wake up!
What a fun nonprofit hashtag for today: #nonprofitvalentines. Enjoy!
look at Nikki wit the pope Lawwwwwd
Lots of presenters talking about and using PollEverywhere at the FLANC conference
sadly, back to the drawing board. reassess budget in the new year; dropped for the moment. can't do it on what we raised. :)
any new projects our girl is working on or will be working on?
The 6 Pillars Of Social Commerce: Understanding The Psychology Of Engagement via
No, you can watch TV at home. But, you should probably have a bar or plan evening events to keep people engaged.
Amazing everyone. Thank you all!!!
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute. Seneca
you are so cute and talented!!! You would make my day if you followed me thanks :)
Congrats, Jaweed! Hope you'll be there for many more!
Still have about 10 more presale tickets left for our gig on Friday. It's just 2 days away! Tweet me if you want a $5 presale ticket.
yeah I kind of got an ideal but I never have interactions with my love ones I'm thirty years and I never kicked it with them!
Homework is the bomb-digiddy! #lies!
we are working on Especially for Pets - they don't have their next new product review till Feb! Thanks for your support!
I walk in and I..
that's exactly what he said in the car when I told him the news
In the movie The Cooler, who plays William H. Macy's character's Lady Luck?
"There's a big difference between showing interest and really taking interest."— Michael P. Nichols The Lost Art of Listening
Lack of sleep never gets easier.
omg! Was jus tweetin u to tell u I agree with ur comment about Tracy Morgan lol
Most people on reverbnation suck, Im one of the few that are good
Thank you BenJarvus Green-Ellis...keep 'em coming.
Ed Secretary hosts a Twitter town hall today from 3-4 EST on Latino Education! Tweet and follow along with
Goodnight Daughter , ( : now go to bed . Lol
hey on august 11-june 23 i cant be on twitter
nah..i understand u a bitch when out cum 2 this, I'm cumin up quick like pornstars ejaculating
Feel free to post your #RSD12 pics and comments!
I'm not talking to anybody, and I already told you I told her Wassup
U R SO NICE! Thank YOU! I'm only 13 - have another year or so but would love the opportunity!
Fantastic. Thanks for all you do.
Larry Scott: TV deal saved a lot of sports being cut and will now end up adding sports to different schools.
I was trying to convince him but he wouldn't budge. I guess he won't be able to enjoy this hashtag:
Rocking it out - literally -at TEDxYouth #COSI . Amazingly inspired. Hope we have as much fun tomorrow
try....spectacular, groovy, hot, cool, splendid, frackin' fantastic, extraordinary,magnificent, superb, astounding, phenomenal, wow
My childhood was destroyed when i turned 11 and didn't get my Hogwarts acceptance letter
Responded to FIRE @ 22 Anderson Rd, Katonah, NY 10536. Red Cross auto update.
I can feel the rain fall down on us together just wait for the sunshine
Ok, just my opinion but I think Jessica Sanchez just killed singing Queen on American Idol!!! Go Jessica
Bitches breakin codes, but i'm the password.
At the value of academic libraries panel with Popular option!
A Brek Shea-less FC Dallas comes to town Sunday, while Houston, tied atop the East with KC at 6 pts, will play Seattle, tough matchup.
Whether you think you CAN'T, or you think you CAN.......you're right......
not buying, I think it's going to be seriously overbought and overvalued once it opens
hey you! Moved to Sydney yet?
have a good nights sleep. No need to wake you up. Z z z z z
Miller lite Vortex... my once a year friend..
The kings white uni is a personal favorite
15 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Laying in bed with my Lola.
haha that sounds like a scenario in a taylor swift song...or...really any country song!
#Skateland was a pretty entertaining flick. the crash scene was amazingly shot, nicely done, Peter!
If your in Corpus Christi, swing by Airline & McArdle and help Delta Chi fight cancer!
zero! Eat all you care to eat!
Agree, not getting the job done. How many chances are they going to give him...
My mom is singing bill withers-mrs.jones its a good song look it up its to romantic though haha
You don't need the "Old Testament" to support a green lifestyle,
I didn't think I was going to be but... yeah.
it's expensive cuz nobody buys it. Everyone I know is allergic to the crap. Oh, no... the black market is going to crash! lol
Found $5 on the ground. Happy to give it a new home.
bye bye barc! Amazing
Flo's having a Shirley Temple. ;-)
Running on lack of sleep to go get new tires for my car -_____-
Real shit, I feel you on that my nigga.
thanks for coming to see me tonight!!!!
Got the modeling itch, any photographers down to do some test shots with me? Gotta keep those portfolios up to date ;)
the Republican party, well, their backers, are literally raping the country for every last dollar. It amazing how truly *evil* these ppl are
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories on Saturday people are chatting about?
Happy September! Come get a deal! 10% off regularly priced items for those 50 years young and above!
Beautiful day in #ATL. So far!
Thank you ;)
So, Jay-Z is on the Gay Marriage bandwagon too???? That's not Hip-Hop....
Why is everyone in the Nissan service lobby watching and laughing at a weird cat show
USA LOVES BIEBAHHH!
You think that murderous dog would've stepped up his bribing game...that bag of Doritos he's plying the dude with cost like a buck.
Naked Instagram pictures are degrading.
McCarron is on fire tonight!
Set your alarms for brunch. We open up at 10:30!
Basketball 101: Passes need to be snapped around the perimeter...that will help get the ball in the post.
“: Ms.mcdoughnah looks like a combination of Austin powers and Donald trump”
Wow. is 26 and has never had her ears pierced? I'd have been less shocked if she said she was still a virgin.
the harmonies make the song incredible
Good morning, friends! Hope your Monday isn't so "manic"... try the help of meditation to relax you for the week!
So who are the lucky people at playlist live? -____-
JT starts out 0-4, needs to heat it up.
Nice, I'm on mac so I used Pwnagetool already.
Yes! You're welcome. :) Happy the song found me and now you.
New Song Ft. Gorilla Zoe & Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Thanks! I liked that story :) your good at writing.
Shoutout to women who give head raw, then pull out a rubber for sex... Oh, its ok for whatever he got to be in your mouth though?
Very productive day. Visited 17 businesses about ad sponsorship & a good CEC board mtg. Now some Agatha then off to bed.
Holla at me when ya hit up Milwaukee sometime. We can do lunch!
": My mama bleached a pair of my levi's-_- wtf she on??"
Twista feat Kanye West - Overnight Celebrity! aye.
Presenting about cyber bullying today at MDC-North!
Hello Burbank :)
already reached for it, but it doesn't always work for me. Keeping my fingers crossed. Thanks, babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Ever wonder where customer service went? We bought it, hook line and roller! We have perfect customer ratings for a reason.
C'mon summer... #toodang cold tonight.
Thx for the plug!
Not a soul could give a flying fuck
the only time i can hear the caps supporters, is on a shot or a bad call. i can clearly hear and those #roaddron guys. good work
Shouts to all my Planet Money peeps (I see you ) who just heard latest news that Young Buck's moniker might be sold to pay back IRS.
What' Steve Smith's trade value? He can't be worth more than a 3rd or 4th rd pick at this point, can he?
it probably was. lol
I can´t wait to see the Vampire Diaries again.... on January HEHEHE!!!!!!
Finally at theater to see Cabin in the Woods. (But when will I see The Avengers?)
"Corporations that are open perform better. Transparency is a new form of power." - The Naked Corporation via
- I think I have your sport coat you left at #PFX12 - At Efficient Exercise Rosedale location. Looking forward to coffee!
i was trying to use garage band...key word "trying"....
ihope one day u'll figure out how uve caused me so much pain.Forgave a thousand times but nothin has changed.Cant forgive u will be forgot.
yep! i recently put out my second solo album and i am writing another july for kings album now. are you?
No alcohol, no TV, & no $... this weekend is going to SUCK!!!!
Many thanks for the #ff. Hope you have a lovely week.
thanks for the follow back hmu anytime
#lscon Performance Support transforming IT Application adoption. Embedded, contextual support. SFDC, MS Office...Stop by Booth 508
Against Me! is now the most bad ass bad with a transgender lead singer.
Re: Problems hearing -- I'm doing a student outplacement at your CI center so I hope to hear directly from your patients!
Lunch Monday with and I?
How cool is this? On Milton's bday, Dec 9, Univ S Cal Engl Dept will host an all-day participatory reading of Paradise Lost.
Everyone go follow she just needs a couple more followers till she hits 1,700 :)
everything is bouta go down, can't forget the partying
Worst. Day. Ever.
Praying for you this morning Thank you for display God's truth to the world!
Found the Hebrew word for a tree or wood is ets. Can mean sticks, branches, timber, GALLOWS and CARPENTER. Hmm......Another Hebrew mystery
Thanks friend! MISS YOU!
Just got a call from an account that "Needs" 6 umbrellas. Problem is, they don't even have a patio.
What does somebody have to do to get a damn #spotify invite?
I think the Packers had 2 maybe 3 SI covers last season and they did fairly well
Perfect day of Americana! Kids played in yard, repaired deck with my brother-in-law, and now we are making our way to the U2 concert!
happy new year
#ChicagoSoupCompany has released this week's newsletter - if your not on the distribution list send me a tweet and we can change that!
True RT : I'm in charge after lunch, gave me the go ahead get the guns out and duct tape everyone to their seat.
great demo of the new nav! So psyched for goLive! #StylusRocks let's trend!
Ballgame, Newcastle trap cleared, Man City only needs home win v. QPR now...
You're hilarious Cory!! Lol Follow me back please? You and Kate rock! I'm going to make a banner for you two :]
Can you send me information about the event? Thanks!
Let me know what you think of last night's eps. Very, very, very good. And funny. And endearing. And good.
I'm a masterpiece created by the most high, what yall know bout that?!
I've been lookin under rocks and breakin locks.. Just tryin to find ya.
We'll get you on there, get the house REALLY rocking.
Sharks fans.
" The Serie Project is still looking for volunteers to help us with an upcoming event. Contact us if you are interested!
a beerfest 'ey? This should right about be the best time to ask for nude pics ;)
Enjoying Xfinity Live.Tell Xfinity to update the show in their tv listings so I can record on DVR (they list news at 6:30 mon)
Want to know how to reduce the pain or number of your migranes? Tips and tricks from Dr. Will Clower, this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live!
hahaha no but i did wish it concluded me kicking your ass! haha lmao!
I got sour in my blunt codeine all up on it
Ppl who dont wash their hands < thats so nasty & its lazy
It makes me happy to see people who pull over on the freeway to talk on the phone. Really wish I saw more of that nowdays.
I havnt seen a spider around the house in days, WTH r they planning!!!!!
Sorry, Cathy, just saw this. 2 late now 2 share how. it was great, wasnit it? hope u enjoyed.
such a good baseball game. go
so what if I don't want to put my name on the bronco college wall? why do you care..?
IBM Awards HPC Components to University of Kansas - HPCwire
thanks boo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Everyone I know from Saunders is in either in the army marines navy or air force I congratulate them
Topless and all nude KeyGirls add that special something to a night out.
Oh the characters just told me it's a saltwater lake. Thank you, exposition guy, thanks for clarifying my dilemma.
what's up pretty girl :)
OMG I LOVEYOU GUYS SO MUCH. PLEASE FOLLOW ME <333
so nerdy and proud!!
_: I say what i want , its a free country ."
i wish i saw jacob latimore like that... lolz... but imma see him this saturday... :)
the radio guy!!!:)
thanks for the heads up.
"Classy men drive you home, trashy men walk you to the door"-Anonymous Couldnt have said it better myself
here are your transformers again! This might be the end of it....!
Oh, no, you didn't just go there...#please!!
I am like the biggest procrastinator .____. omg, why?!?!
Walker w/ a no doubt two-run homer into the right field stands for his first homer of the season.
#sdadjouhastacosonthebrain What goes on here?
Have a wonderful weekend everyone. I am now done for the day ;)
I know better......lmao
this is...huge. Thank you for sharing!
hey yours was our 3000th official comment (w. trackbacks). thanks for accounting for at least 6.7% of the total. ha!
what you doing sexy?
Next to my mom you're my 2nd favorite cancer survivor. Thanks for sharing your experience and inspirational positive attitude.
Open Mic Night tonight at 10 p.m. Sit back, relax and laugh the night away!
Bye bye little kid c;
New topic - Tested the C-AF of the E-M5 (in vivid) with the M.Zuiko 75-300 today...
If we had the 2010 Lakers, this wouldn't be a problem..
austin today your braces get off omg i cant wait to see you without them (:
i dare anyone to make a better mix of buck. id throw you a milli lmao.
RT Sen Newman: "It's not necessary to demonstrate voter fraud" to pass Voter ID #mnleg- But is it constitutional?? I'd say NO!!
Ash Wednesday tomorrow. Performing for the cardinal with angelica and others. then we get to eat with him. v cool i think! now to practice!
Hope for Hampton- The cast of Hangin at Hampton gets back together for a benefit, tune in for the audio
What an ugly mess you are on the inside
Top o' the mornin' to ya twitterians!!!
Good to meet you there, from the USL Sounders fan!
<3 <3 <3 That really means a lot to me.
I Sleep In The Kitchen So When I Wake Up In The Mornin I'm Ready To Bake….
how do you suppose we do that?
Which - the cross-dressing man or the new vagina? =D RT That seems to describe me fairly well.
#wordpress If I delete a blog in multisite through the admin panel does it also delete the uploads folder for that blog?
The cringing when spending $150 at the bookstore for the new semester gets only marginally better in grad school.
Everyone follow because he's a faggot and everyone loves faggots.
Yes, she has Mama's looks alright! Pretty lady.
Wondering why Jack White isn't automatic #1 at alt radio makes me wonder why I wonder about alt radio @ all.
Our modern word "sheriff" comes from shire reeve, which means county leader, in England around the year 1200.
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO SAY NO TO THAT?(; of course. Sounds amazayn!
I love that album man!
What is the matter with you that your not at Detroit Bar listening to #joanofarc right now?
Everyday I'm Stumbling......(I like that better than shuffling, no sense in singing a lie)
Can you name this #Password w/ the following clues? Barefoot, hip, Hawaii
Papers for both classes now submitted. Late Fall semester done. Now I get to relax until 1/9.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.-- Plato, Philosopher
And Mary Mary Mary Magadalena - our lust for men, lots of them, is one of the things I can relate to, my sweet Mary (cast the lust demons)
hahaha I try to keep myself under control
doin to much
Great time last night East new opening of their B-more office. MICA alums & Zynga gurus Dave Inscore '95 and Dan Halka '03 were there
or just a strong lover of steak
Please, please, please write some incest jokes.
Guess who auditioned for 'The Other Half.'
I've got it! Sock puppets to play out private inner conflict. The puppeteers just darn.
#ThoseThreeWords "I Love You" Tell someone that today. They might not have heard it in a while...
why he let that old lady whoop his ass like that and the gay dude...yoooooooooo ctfu!!!!!!
totally agree. Lost a lot of respect for Mr. Florio
How was your trip? Did you take a cruise or trek out on your own? Thinking of taking the family somewhere Europe next year.
I showed some mtv hot shots some music and there faces turned #green that's my favorite color . studio soon beware
I have tatoos and trading cards. Get over it.
Which is your favorite Star Wars movie? There are 3 unacceptable answers, and the other answers define your character.
I think I haven't even started this term mentally. I'm still on December time aka break.
This is just one of those days where no one should be doing anything except watching sports.
Shifts in results happen. We need to undrstand how geotagging works.
I wish you give me a dollar tomorrow
It's a real mierda show here in Brickell <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
The word Oh looks like someone doing the matrix from the side ..
Did we ever find out if Annie is OK?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the beautiful moms out there!!! Especially my own mom, I LOVE YOU
Coffee shop tonight!
"I've got your Super Moon"
We're at the SMH conference in Arlington, VA, May 11-12! Come say hi, browse the latest military history titles, and get 20% off
In school grrrrr
Tethered to my Droid again... no wi-fi at the Tooth doctor's place.
Hey don't forget to say hi to Barry for me! U know I'm his biggest "fanilow"!
Overnight storms cause some vibrating homes in Northeast Austin, Ron Paul rallied at the Capitol, and could we see more rain? At 5.
niggas that watch porn with no sound
Nothing good happened for me today.
OHMYGOD I KNOW AND HE'S JUST SO CUTE I JUST WISH I KNEW HIM IN RL
If a boy monkey ever steals your banana... Kick him in the balls. He won't do it again
boogers make good bookmarks.
It's so nasty out. Nice relaxing day inside I suppose.
I'll be there!
#roadron Love watching for fan sightings as much as seeing the play on field!
to all 131 of you who are following me so closely: I'll have internet/new iPhone vewy soon. The mourning period will be over!
Oh I forgot. R.I.P Amy Whinehouse :)
Back in the Land Of Lincoln baybayyy !!
haha you live with 7? Girls :)
AkA DJ Bee
When I am in my car, I'm better than Adele.
I guess there's always Matt Barkley?
Robin says holographic storage maybe reborn
You too!!!
To those that said social media was a fad, Facebook is now accepting your apologies
She got tacky real fast!
And yes, when it comes to young people, I am the eternal optimist. About almost nothing else, but. :)
. - tell those people to go to their library. The retweets are hilarious, btw!
Just completed my first day of mentoring 15 and 16 year olds at U. of H. my second session will be Thursday
Just spotted walking into the newsroom w a Whole Foods box.. Thanksgivng lunch has arrived! Hold me back...
no freaking way!! guess who has a twitter...and ur following him?!
State Rep Peter Barca said Kloppenburg may be able to win enough votes - but heavily based on Wausau and EauClaire where still counting.
Someone needs to stop him at the door before he goes out every morning. Only viable solution.
punch him for me!!
I think #Irene is the most personified storm in recent history, if not the most vilified.
Don't forget about Food Truck Friday, tomorrow at the Bookmans on Grant Road!
Did you have a great time at the CASA Superhero Run? Please post photos!
Where Did I Go Wrong ?
*shrugs* oh well
Living the dream
Let my love take you higher cause i, i still turn to you.
Baking cupcakes & dishing gossip with Also cooking up a comedy podcast of amaze-balls proportions. We like to fork.
Live karaoke right now at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd. + a beer n a shot for only 4 bucks!
p.o. Took yo,bracelet lmao
Oh, my goodness...magical...just magical. And as usual, I teared-up at the wonder of it all.
A marvelous evening of Old Tom & Hendrick's Martinis with neighbors, followed by an amazing Mendocino County Riesling & small batch Bourbon.
Speaking in colors <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
LOVE IS A HOUSE AND U GOTS THE KEY... ;-)
<< good morning
Thanks for the RT Gerry. Nice to meet you
. is describing an unreal scene at meeting to determine Detroit's financial future. You should follow him.
Just realized that learning about Hyphy by watching a documentary is the whitest thing I've ever done.
Dont spend it all in one place.
Ugh of course I get sick with a severe head cold. :( Have a great weekend everyone!
what is wrong with these people? love is precious. god blesses us with it in many ways. its rare, hold on to it. same sex or not.
There is nothing like cake or pie for breakfast, no matter what Bill Cosby's wife thinks.
So I caved... I committed to the weird violent tattooed woman in ME3, my relationship from ME2 even though I romanced the Asari in ME1.
Don't you love that?! Love not having to teach my son that he's an evil sinner.
Organization tip 2 from - use the 5 D's approach to your work: drop, divert, down-sized, delegate, do.
oh sometimes I feel the same way do u wanna talk about it
I always try to avoid doing that! Unfortunately, it doesn't always work.
Hahaha! You can sell them ANYTHING
New CandySwipe updates released to work with the Motorola Xoom and other tablets! Available in the android market
I gotta get you something kinfolk!!
Thanks for the plug for followers, so nice, Would love to sing to you. Just tell me how to send mp3 usually your email. Chow ,,,,,, Jay
So true. Glad it's not my sound system. “: Can we skype the rest of the #oscars just to improve the sound quality?”
i'll be back next week for sure!! :) :)
Thanks for the retweet! We appreciate it! Almost hate to point out that we're actually from the University of Houston.
Court?!? Take em to the bridge...
When we closed last nite, there were still a few (very few!) bottles of Founders KBS left. If you wanna bring some home, now's the time!
you should be ashamed
Pre-order your first shirt on August 13th!
Parkland Health & Hospital System () is seeking an Asbestos Abatement Contractor for IDIQ Asbestos Abatement services
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
TeenBoat is in the library! (Unless one of our staff snags it before a patron can.)
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
Didn't feel the #earthquake in Chevy Chase
now it's 1984...knock knock at your front door....
: Very true. Context and tone should not be left to the screamers on TV
smh thats terrible you gotta do better
APPETIZER - GRILLED FLATBREAD caramelized onions, grilled pears, gorgonzola, balsamic glaze
the best of the best! Chicago mix is where it's at...
me and are taking a year off, thats why shes staying in england for oxford.
Sold $AMWI in the morning when it didn't gap up... now r/g @ 0.235 dammit
The chemistry final???!
love to follow you!..
Nihari tweet = Best tweet EVER
seeing matt in NYC today
Hope you had a good time in nola. I'm on #saa13 host committee, btw, if you think anything needs to be included in our guide
hi EJ sent you text about topline on tracks and other things.. follow us too! Miss your voice on tracks :)
We are Golden Fans for the Phoenix Suns tonight. GO SUNS!
Very heads up play by #Rockies Nelson to complete DP in 2nd. Didn't lose focus when he fumbled grounder.
Three words: Winter. Acting. Camp! We wanted to call it "Stanislavski, Snow Shovels, and Soliloquies" but our marketing team didn't approve.
She's married too, so it's nice to see a pregnancy that's not a scandal for once!
swooning over Bing, as usual.
i would like to know how to go about broadcasting with Impact Network. Please inbox me the info, thanks! and God bless!
Anyone channeling Gershwin with some singing about your fog?
Clowns are not to be trusted
buddy the elf, whats your favorite color? Hahahahahahahahahahah! I'm cracking up with this site people are so lame.
i love your laugh.
Did you ever agree to switching places tonight? We're looking fwd to the cookies & the music!
niggaz gotta be able to accept rejection...... #NoJustMeansNotRightNow lol
Slap that bung! at
good morning peeps hope u are well today ? x
A year after starting Paleo, my counts are off the charts excellent! It really works. When will medicine catch up and admit it?
I just got off the phone with someone who used the word "fooey." What's your go-to substitute curse word?
My favorite president was R.Reagan. I know agrees that Reagan is the best.
for the following have a great day!
how ya feel?? how ya feel?? how ya feel?? 25 sittin on 25 mil uhh
no you're not
Watching VH1 top 20 music vid countdown and when #2 ended they were like 'next number 1 - and for that video a record may have been broken'
I want to be a Disney child star for the free drugs and singing career.
“: It took awhile but Jimmy Dykes got a "violent cuts" mention”//
I think you mean I found it and you approved! /cc
u are so cute and u have gorgeous eyes:)
for printed samples!
Why don't you like your coach?
You are beautiful no matter what they say, you are beautiful in every single way. Don't let words bring you down today...
live n dc we r n bad shape
Join us at our Fremont Store, Tomorrow January 24th for a lecture with Nutritionist Alison Ozgur, Plant Protein. Free, 6:30PM in our cafe.
dan yingling spends his days sending me links prefaced with things such as "hey. here's a big waste of your time"
Dormant Nazis of Europe must love new trend: no politicians in new Italy gov't + Greek PM summarily canned for wanting democratic referendum
Just in case it wasn't apparent, this is, in fact, business time.
Tomorrow to Puerto Rico asdfghjkl.
hahaha! That's racist!
HOLIDAY SCHEDULE: We will be closed December 22nd @ 1pm thru January 2nd. Our staff wishes everyone #Peace and #Joy this holiday season!
RT : digging The Lounge Lizards "no Pain For Cakes' deep record, works on a lot of levels john lurie is a great artist - me too!
Wat is this world commin to why is it so many fake people
But I must admit, music videos are very beautiful.
Stop; it's like saying I understand.
Settling in for a three hr layover at O'Hare - anyone want to meet for brunch ;)
Good morning! #Habitat #VetBuild is revving up! Guests are arriving and tools are being unloaded!
Hahaha idk I assumed you where somewhere in the vicinity of fine females. Isn't that your usual locale? lol
stopped by to say hi to Karla! She seems great!
That was supposed to be a text for I rock
Good morning!!! Tackling (or getting tackled by) "Barbara" for my #Crossfit workout today!!!
ya bitch licks nutts and sucks ass, get off his butsed ass grill.
To forget something emotionally is to forgive.
We're talking about you during our #Dracula Reading Program on 1/16. Shout out to Vamp Fans in
Lovin this weather
So I'm about to tweet it up with #compassion . Fair warning, friends. My seester is in Africa. It's 9 pm there. And that is just weird.
thank u so much! i have to go to hospital in morning to see pulmonologist to get clearance for surgery...say a prayer.
It's been a while & I swear that this one's different.
RT : That's fucked up to fail twelfth grade &amp; have to repeat that bitch though.
Sometime I feel like there's just too much for me to take. Thank goodness for friends!
Driving in a storm from Nashville
Yeah, I want to know, too!
hey would you be willing to try Scrivener for this article? It's what I'm using for the draft and it might help the division of labor
Hey , glad u shared the link on biz dev. It's absolutely the most exciting job but absolutely exhausting & definitely not sexy.
2day is #NationalRecordStoreDay !! Headed to Mr. Mikes soon w/ the fam to spin & chill all in the name of #real music & real DeeJaying!
What does it take? How do you make a difference? Do you have to resort to stealing to get anywhere? It just seems hopeless
Nothing ruins your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday
you guys today i found a hurt baby cat outside my building at work and i saved his life - i almost cried when he went to the SPCA :(
Everyday a new man professes his love for me. I politely refrain from rapping " ninja you don't love me, ninja you don't love me, GUCCI!!!
Just ordered 128 Beats Per Minute :) Excited to check it out!
I love Taco Tuesdays at Scooter's!
that would be sweet I hope so! Good luck.
did you try it? It's a monster…
It's not hard to meet expenses ... they're everywhere.
Happy mothers day to the mother of iota sweethearts lmao syke naw but really to her ls Honorable Ms. Audrey S. Brooks
BOYS:You dont need to take her shirt off to see a better view of her heart
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: PAROLE MODELS. Sponsored by A&E's Dog the bounty Hunter.
When I am faced with a decision to do something or do nothing, I will always do something!
So I have beem high since 8:00 am yesterday
Ugly, punk, and big head are all flirting words <U+2764>
Maybe I should just give up Twitter for good... I don't think will ever follow back
Aren't you in LA you goober!!
#FF ; not to mention she is really pretty and funny as hell.
school tomorrow ugh
oh, i was talking $250k :) we're doing fine, but of course, they could be better!
Im glad you did :)
Let me see you back it up & DROP !
Hope you didnt bring your 11-year old to the Kelly show.
I live near a Safeway, should I give them yr email?
Time for family dinner.
I done burnt up the vacuum cleaner
Best day in Dubai ever with OMG! I can't stop smelling mi-self! Beach bumming w/ Jumeira Janes this AM
All I really want is to be with someone for life and share a mutual emotional connection consistently. #canIhavethatplease?
LOL you crack me up hun. You will check in on Twitter once a week and read all my useless drivel. MUAHH
Hey Scooter ! How's Gundy? Glad you appointed him?
OK. Thanks to my wiser-than-wise daughter's advice.....It IS time for me to kick Life in the ass! I think she may have just saved my life.
Awww... I'm blushing! Thanks!!
I have so much to be thankful for and I wanna start with being thankful for my husband and children!
has so many followers now i'll probably never get another reply :-/ Thank u Ariana for the replies & all the smiles u gave me<U+2665>
Icant wait to meet with you
A BIG CONGRATS TO THE DESTINY THAT WAS.... AND THE #MAVS !!!! AND A BIG MIDDLE FINGER TO
did you?!> [akjie
Welcome! But sorry in advance if you're move is imminent and you've never been to Florida in the summer. #hot&nasty
I'm already scared & I haven't even watched 5 minutes of the movie yet.
I need a new planner!
": worth it to see Avengers in 3-D or should just do regular?" 3D ultra screen in luxury seats. Especially with your frame!
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you believe Yom #Kippur will keep the hell fire away
dude this is terrible
How about a vote for ?
I dont even know what to say......
what's going on with #twitterprofiles? Is it just me or are they all written in jibberish???
Evertything about my boob frightened me this morning.
I was at a bar recently where the bar tender had such a 'stache. I called him "Stache."
Positive! I'll follow! !
Rocked out in my car in traffic done up as Sarah Palin. Loved seeing people's reactions. :)
Lenny Wilkens, Don Nelson, Larry Brown, Isiah Thomas, Mike D'Antoni. Not much success w/ the 'big names'. Mike Woodson time...
FORREAL I GREW UP DURING THE IN LIVING COLOR ERA I LOVE EVERYTHING THE WAYANS DO SO S/O TO
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything—and one's last is to come to terms with everything." ~ Georg C. Lichtenberg
No lngr pushin 4 the bull...jus a life that's full:)
about damn time
So there's somethings I need to fix. And hopefully I don't fuk up tomorrow deffinatley goin down
pulled a Pacers and didn't play D in the 4th
Change of plans, Houston. I hope it's not too late! We're doing Little Woodrow's in the Village now. 10:15
Aww Rebecca is here supporting her hubby Jerry. Yea, I'm talking like they're old friends.
Laying out by the pool <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
As if they were mutually exclusive!
If you are working in the DM area, I love & (in the Highlands shopping center).
Is everyone getting their Gmail hacked?
Yes the firemen WHO ARE PAID TO PROTECT YOU let you back into school with a bomb inside JUST to sit back & watch you all explode
ANNOUNCEMENT: Trent Richardson or whatever his name is wins the draft based on dapperness and his cute glasses.
Joan Lippincott: digital scholarship ctr gives libraries a new service model, with expert staff and high-end hardware
Happy Chinese New Year !!
Likewise. I'll be interested to see what you post!
Kochs' father did business w/Stalin in Russia, building their rail system. Yeah. The Kochs are commies & like to PROJECT! :(
Welcome Milwaukee country singer/songwriter to Twitter!
Don't worry, Kemp or Dre will put another one out
Our dog woofs and runs in her sleep. A woof is a muffled, soft bark.
Thanks for your support of
Don't give me away!
67 here near Highland Creek/Huntersville...
Wow, that's impressive. So, I take it's not bringing in the big bucks?
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
TRAFFIC: Crash - Mid Town Rd @ S. Gammon Rd
Finals starting thurs....don't think I'm ready... #plzprayforme hope I do great
Seattle Channel has the ballard forum up, the City Club debate and will soon have their own debate up soon, it was taped today.
Haircut Kristen Stewart: All the vampires love her
According to CoStar, in 1964, the US Gov't spent $547 per person (in 2005 dollars). Today the Gov't spends $12,000 per person.
I've been using ESPN but just downloaded NBA Gametime. Thx.
u there sexy?
good morning austin i hope you have a good day!(:
Nope, i guess not. I guess I found God somewhere between taking shots of tequila and vodka.
if you can find it Eternal Flame is absolutely delicious!
Go check out the changes at SportingMembership.com, and congratulate #SportingKC on a great season!
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
I'm not sure Massey has influence over immigration policy. Though, we should have solved immigration years ago.
Y'all need to follow one of my best friends One of the best actors and dancers I have ever met.
Another idea good in theory only - an all children choir accompanied by recorders.
Spring cleaning goes a lot faster when you do it listening to Isaac Hayes.
Haha wow. Sorry guys. We're failures. We like never come on here. Whoopsies. -K
is so beautiful *swoon* Is the show called Dream Machines because of the cars or because of John? *smile*
have a break~
looking forward to seeing you on Oct. 11.
aww on the view, I wish I was that little girl haha
except for a stern glance from 1 bald guy 30s maybe
I just want to be wit him rite now <3
Back from a great weekend and ready for a busy week!!
Had an awesome time w/ seeing our friends at K99/Dayton today! So excited for the show tonight w/ in Springfield.
wow its amazing how many people asked me out when they found out i broke up with my boyfriend.
I miss you Boo <U+2665>
I be Hungary!
THANKS ALL!
Twitter sent me that I can follow people only If I have 1000 followers So PLZ Tell to your followers to follow me And I'll follow you back
I am so bored
Ah crap...
So AJ became a nonspeaking zombie after he breakup with Daniel Bryan?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
want the best green chili in town call picosos mexican food we deliver or call 303-999-0785 or look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
I am SO excited for #yoga tonight. I need to stretch my muscles, rinse my negative energy and get balanced in a bad way!
awee well ill let him know :) hes on skype right now
From all Accounts First Quarter will be a good one , don't forget to follow up strong on leads and don't let politics interfere
So excited 4 #13thStep event put on by tomorrow night at !! What a great date night with !!!
#supermoon not happening in Denver.
SHOW DEM TATTAYS
How many clowns do you encounter?
Big-ups to doin' it real big for the Ravens fans and charitable organizations -- Dons at their finest. Mega-
Happy Easter!!! Have a good one! :) x
...announcing next week brand NEW Cloud MDM: Intelen's Energy Analytics 3.0 which will be used for Intelen's 1st National DR / Social Smart…
Love is a powerful drug. Makes u go blind n hallucinate, n nearly impossible 2 get outta ur system.
I literally just met Jesus on Sunset Blvd., and asked him about the Rapture. He said, "It sounds like horseshit to me. Watch TMZ tomorrow."
Taking the day to catch up on physical rest and metal yoga...before work tonight.
philosophical after 12.
my receipts are all scanned! Thanks for showing me Genius Scan app! I have a pretty wallet again!
Mens' fashion needs a revival like this, please.
Susan B. :) good catch!
What's in a name? Mainly, letters that make sounds.
Facebook gave me timeline :(
yay!! Thanks for joining us for breakfast!
Thanks for the follow We'd love to see that beard in soup!
Fewer Than Half of Facebook and Google Users Understood the Sites' Privacy ... - PCWorld
neither do i... But thats a good thing.
a good reason to invite me back?
Oh my....should I be scuuurrred???
Don't let your smile collapse for silly reasons. <U+2665>.
that was absolutely amazing! I loved your version of usher! JLo was right that was sexy. ;)
values? Reagan wasn't afraid of gays and foreigners.
Overall #PLA #PLA12 app worked great, but would have liked option to add personal appointments (eg. vendor meeting) to schedule.
dam guys when u think about it we are gonna miss him in the locker-room let alone on the field
FOREVER AND AFTER LIVE AT TOMORROW! (show starts at 6, we go on at 7:30)
Why aren't you guys on google+ yet? Search "The soap guy" on google+ we are going to be very active there.
Guilty RT : I don't feel like folding my laundry so I just restart the dryer.
Ah, too bad. I'll do my best to bring it to you!
If a gay tree in a forest falls, does it make a gasp?
Be who you want to be because no matter what, people will judge you
Sandlerian? RT : looking for a word that is the opposite of Shakespearean for describing an actor. Abramsian? Anyone?
Sigh broke my nail. And Pride and Prejudice is over :(
that's fine
Thanks for the opportunity to share Fund for Teachers with your staff. Looking forward to many applications! Deadline: 1/27/11
Yes. In reference to my braces... I think you can safely file that one away as a joke. If anything, I'd put diamonds put in them.
My Baby Pajamas Freebie Friday Giveaway is closing at midnight PST. Don't forgot to enter to win. Good luck!
finally home. ugh bouta change & head back out
My dog is bilingual. He's cultured as fuck.
my guess would be: awesome
aw not again she jealous ok
I've only gotten 1 card from my mom's side out of a bunch
Thank you! I hope to make it to Phoenix sometime soon to see your work in Civic Space Park!
And Pat O'Connell too
Giving thanks for this year's blessings... Family & friends, health, #SeaWorld, #Spurs, TV and film opportunities, our country.
Went to the mall bought stuff at wet seal and Clairs got starbucks too. Chillin now just put up a new Taylor lautner poster!!! Lol
MAKE THE BEST OF IT. IT WILL FADE SO QUICKLY. OH GOD THERE IS NO GOOD CHINESE FOOD IN THE MIDDLE OF AMERICA.
Matt Kemp looking like a human being today
Thank God for this lovely day. Live well, love much, laugh often. Appreciate the blessing of life, and the ability to just breathe.
Thanks! I'll be in contact!
My family are a bunch of assholes...
investment > frivolous consumption
Talking is my biggest flaw
Wrapped! Time to celebrate!
An American citizen was kidnapped from his residence in Pakistan's eastern city of Lahore on Saturday, police said.
Why? I'm just swag surfing. :p
hi i love you & youre amazing<3
He's in-line for a nice season as long as Cassel stays healthy. That being said it sounds like he isn't gonna play Monday (flu)
whens the current event due?
Doubt there's many teams in the country with fans/media passionate enough to live tweet the team banquet. Love it.
In most cases we can put in plano lenses in existing frames. Best to call 1-800-248-9427 and confirm. with an optician.
it's fine :p
Maybe next time :) TY
Finished #reading Mockingjay, Rule against Murder, and Dark Summit this week - favorite? Rule - intricate plot & great characters
i just sent you a song check the email
Half way home, only a few more days of finals...
haha thank u very much!
": "Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever." - Lance Armstrong #quote"
:/ that woman will never get her hands on baby Jace! <3 <3 <3
Massage & free lunch
this makes me miss you :(
This Friday night, VIA is proud to be an exclusive partner in the Milwaukee Wine Opener. Check out the site and join us!...
Don’t miss #DrOz show TODAY. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
what happened?
Perusing for Mom's last day in the city.
f u followed me on twitter dont b shocked by what i twit im a comedian raw&real a hood delicacy
If we do nothing we are headed for disaster. AMERICANS are too apathetic right now. JOIN THE PEOPLES MOVEMENT FOR REAL CHANGE. YES WE CAN!!
Thanks for the #FF I've been so busy I haven't had a chance to be on here much. How are you?
Going to Ikea
Thanks for the mentions!
Red rover, red rover, Iran send our drone back over!
Keeping you in my prayers for a successful surgery.
We are so excited to be attending the again this year! from tweeting live
Hanging in O'Hare w , so far so good. Sorry I missed all the #beerrt fun! #saa2011 success, good luck to all on travel
Yelp reviews and Yahoo Answers are best when they are read out loud using Droopy Dog voices.
I'm on her mind like a scalp. RT
getting my braids soon. the summer workout plan begins. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
wet & slippery
We need some followers! Who can get us some? Anyone?
People with over 5000 tweets do too.
My mom is so cute, she handmade me an Easter basket full of vegan cookies, jewelry, eggs w/ twenties in them, whole foods gifts cards, etc.
#MyNextRealationship Will likely not happen for a while, because I'm too smart to settle and be stuck with someone wrong for me.
See it, hear it , taste it, touch it, smell it, write it.
where it felt something die cuz I knew that that was the last time, the last time...
Catching up with a show with Catherine Russell. Now I have to buy her new album. Love her music.
i got an i phone
TECHNOLOGY BREAKS.......PAINT DOES NOT BREAK.
WOW - It's like the Facebook IPO is the second coming.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. via
Course the better images r the simulated ones.do u guys happen 2no if we're getting closer/further 2galaxy center?
I hate being Bi-Polar. It's awesome.
so...im like in love with tumblr just followed a lil while back LOVE HER!
My lil west oakland nigga Will Cherry balling #5 he play for Montana...
Did I mention how awesome Hayes Presidential library is? Excellent research resource. Thank you to their excellent staff.
omg miley cyrus is so lacanian in the climb! psychoanalytic drive is not about goal but aim=its all about the climb
“: I will make you see that your emotional experience IS evidence that I exist. Go, therefore and proselytize! #atheism” ha!
Just because I dont constantly tweet about Ariana dosent mean Im not an Arianator
Two more baby...you're almost there! “: thanks for the rt!”
To be successful in #SCRM: create a culture of trust with your customers
Thanks for the Follow!
we're back tomorrow in the morning
Stop by in Buckhead tonight at 7 to support !
I know what you mean - haven't been in a long time b/c of crowds & The Fireplace down the street.
in Vegas for the the Gartner Data Center Conference. Anyone else here ?
Happy thanksgiving to everyone , dessert time yeah buddy!!!
If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode. 9 p.m. on HGTV.
So, anyone want to sell me a Burning Man ticket. Think I have something to write abt it.
Any of the Hulks are and will always be my favorite Avenger(s).
The best things in life are free
What's on it?!
I have taught u nothing! U don't cook with expensive beer u cook with cheap beer!
Today I hired a developer, navigated an IT situation, stared down Drupal, designed with map data, and came home to a giant poop explosion.
Are there any kids following us here ?
I really like her mixtape. she's adorable.
Thank you! Have fun tomorrow!
Bead by Bead...CUT IT OUT RECYCLED T SHIRTS IS THE HOTTEST AROUND!!!...GOOGLE IT!!
I'll be there with y'all!! :-)
My mind is whirring after Kathryn Bond Stockton's energetic, intricate, and performative keynote.
The #brewers offense is becoming unbearable to watch. Not good.
Grow balls and whatever ever problem you have with me solve it don't tell your little friends to text me insulting me and calling me names
haha love u tons!
Haha, I love the excitement! Thanks for following back!
Just registered
Should i try out for x factor? Ima sing adele.
great podcast with She is so likable and always does/says something memorable. #Veronica=SquattyJ-LoWannabe
looking forward to getting this record finished.
Disrep. His. is a book I'd take with me door to door. "Excuse me, have you heard the truth of Frankie Landau-Banks?"
You too! Hope you get some Minelabbing in this weekend.
Marquette wants me to change my password again but I've run out of ways to combine my name and birthday already. A name change is in order!
Google the word askew and watch what happens. :)
oh that would have been nice too! Sorry u couldn't. I had no such plans-am at home doing #genealogy :-)
Thanks for the shout out. You all were a great audience.
Yeah, well tell them bitches that you'll always be my Mrs. And the hardest part about the business is minding you own
he need one the rain state :) I will tell him that for you :)
thanks girl!
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it. ~Dalai Lama
YOU WERE AWESOME!! #TexasRocks! Love your work and looking forward to a future convo! Next Stop
Still love hearing from Joss Whedon
my stupid question of the day... what's the email address I send my info to, to join this fan club of yours?!? ;-)
NW "Around the World in 80 Plates" very entertained, albeit puzzled. Why they don't know how to make a "quenelle?" Am I missing the concept?
thanks it's a little far, but appreciate the goodwill Tom. If you ever need a speaker, Let me know. I know a thing or 2 ;)
Having to be up in less than 5 hours < but sleep is the laaasstttt thing on my mind!
"Canton Township has an enemy that threatens to destroy everything we once were. No, it’s not Westland; our terrible foe is forgetfulness."
Thanks for te RT JB have a beautiful weekend :)
No it isn't.
We're all tickled you're here!
Ballroom Dance Lessons begin Aug. 24 in the ballroom. $70 per person 6 week class on Tuesdays. Learn to Dance Like The Stars!
Lmao this bitch .
I feel honored that you're following me - lol!
vflidushglsdfiuhgldusi I wanna be back in Nicaragua so badly :(
#LowerNorthForkFire now 15% contained-- good news from - containment lines established.
Yeah, my UNC Basketball kinfolk, we just to days away for the start of our title run, 7pm Friday night Michigan St. the first victim!!!
Does anyone know if you can copy a mailbox key?
All of my life where have you been?
Ribs at Outback and 3 books from Barnes & Noble... my parents love me today...
I know :c
Ditto. You boys rock the Kessler real good now.
Not entirely sure how this construction company got an elephant to stomp around on my roof, but damn am I impressed.
Taking pictures of random ppl smhh lol
SO WE WILL SEE.
Time for a change....
But what's worse the pain or the hangover.
OK so Spring begins today with 80+ Degrees in New England. How will Summer begin in June? With a heat wave of 100+ degrees? I take both :)
you met ?! SO #jealous! I wish I was that cool.
Just cast a great Croatian actor to play the main bad guy in the film. Excited!!
very! Thanks for sharing.
Gotta love the old school brotha!!! RT : Jon Daniels do what he do
I'll miss you too :(
I wish would notice us <3
Haha, he seemed kind of relieved in the extended preview lol. He was smiling haha. But when it was happening he was like .__.
Can't remember a winter so mild or a spring so hot...
1st practice under new Head Coach, Justin Melroy, was a success! 7 more practices until the Battle of Milwaukee against UWM on September 11!
ós Listening to #SigurRós today and LOVING IT!
damn. excuse to come this week for sure. <3 that 512!
Hopefully it doesnt take all day but last time we were there til 930 so Im prayin we can get this work done at a reasonable time
Life of a hustler lol
kwell im going on my other account
I went skydivin', I went rocky mountain climbin', I went 2.7 seconds, on a bull named fumanchu <U+263A>
"It's ok for us to want to build things that will be used for a long time." -
Police standing at the ready at #baltimore city hall awaiting trayvon marchers.
Wonder what Anthony Weiner #SideBitchBirthdayGifts is? Have no fear. I'm sure he will tweet it
My new restaurant, #Pandera, will feed customers an endless stream of sandwiches they are likely to enjoy based on their initial preferences
there is something different about this breakup! change is good. :-)
And AP makes it official - Holperin wins
Well last yearl i had a project in school that i had my own island and i called it gorgeous nightmare<3
what it do?
True! It probably also is a warning against doing cartwheels on rooftops.
Look 4ward to meeting her upon arrival. RT Just had great lunch w be4 she moves to NY. Great move for her & our team.
what do you mean "you people"
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
I need a drummer that actually wants to practice
Oh no, I had a feeling I did! I'll be all set for next week's session :) Thanks for the update!
Heading to microfiche scanner demo
Missed the end of Celebrity Apprentice...
just bought my breaking dawn tickets! Ryan will be here that night soo it's gonna be a good night ;) <3 RAS
NBA: Where amazing happens.
Visiting my parents for the weekend is awesome and also reminds me how much I love living alone.
what is up my homieeee
happy birthday!!! i'll be hitting the big 23 myself next month
Yay! Going to add it to my TBR right now. RT : So, apparently The Willows: Haven is on Goodreads now.
Can you tell us which WV Music Hall of Fame inductee earned $49 for his first recording as a hired musician in 1961?
Returning to #India in search of housing bubbles.
Making the rest of the world fatter, one stuffed crust at a time.
A little bored... Who wants to talk (:?
:) my texting device wont fucking work.
radiation worries in U.S. Iodine supplies run low in U.S. Iodine is not needed, Iodine can cause side effects.
My sis is getting her ear peirced
If you like this page, please share it with your friends!
hell yeah! Me too
You're so nice to me.
#Foxtrot is a leading software solution that leverages innovative ETL technology to automate healthcare business processes.
I guess that's why I am a fan of Instagram. All my pictures can look blurry.
cuz its easier on my phone and i wanna ask u somethin
so sorry I missed it! I was taking care of my newborn. hope it went well!!
yes, perfect timing!
At #chicagotardis listening to Steve Manfred hold forth on Doctor Who mythology and A DW geek is a star at least 1 day
Did the page load at all? It's loading for me now. We had a short network issue last night that may have caused this error.
and i gotta admit ..i think ur cute <3
July 4th is about celebrating freedom, independence, and movies where it all gets obliterated by aliens. God Bless America & Michael Bay
yes!!! I can't believe you're the only one who responded. I need more country-lovin friends.
I love makn money
not upset at all..just said believe what you want...don't project your being sensitive to me
Rock Chalk!
That's great to hear! Congrats! What's next?
Only one more shoot day left after a long two weeks. Of course that's the time to get food poisoning- the night before.
he's better than Jerry Augustine
Shout out to ! Happy birthday!
History tends to forget her constant fight for slutty costumes, so this year, I'll be Slutty Susan B Anthony for Halloween. You're welcome.
"This is the Revealllment"
would you ever write a story for a video game, i think your writing could be perfect for that too.
ooh ok! which performance? And which song??
Happy Valentines Day :)
Oh the places you'll go.
btw...im in PR...family loss but I'll be here for a while
Sister-in-law, M.D. informed me that that risky mature-aged-pregnancies begin at 35. So there's that.
Waiting at Chinatown #metro for 25 minutes. Single tracking. All trains have been southbound. Sense a mutiny rising.
Clorox should be ashamed for that commercial w/ the black mother and son. Not cute! It's extremely disgusting and offensive!
umm..idk..but i need someone to go cuz we said 5 tix(me,mom,da bros&courtney)&she doesnt wanna go anymore cuz of reasons :(
Very interesting. I signed up.
The vice-president lost his job one month after hiring me, but I cannot say that there was a link between his dismissal and my existence.
what kind of unhealthy stuff?
ah! Thx for reminder! Almost forgot. Haha i'll be there!
awww shucks! Thanks! :)
...why u telling me this 4 lol....you know imma fight for that hug :]
hello my love :) xo
what up my ninja! Hahahaha
back at it.
Receives a SHOUTOUT :)
hope you enjoyed the smoothie!
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Great #ala11 moment weeks later: Seeing my neighbor's kid immediately devour the free books I got him from the expo floor
I repeat, James Harden 23..... His mouth 63 doe
Things I'd rather have than cheap tasting BBQ sauce... 1. Ketchup
We will start broadcasting momentarily. Thank you for your patience, as Sam hooks up her body weight in electronics gear...
Need a weight loss plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Happy Valentine's Day to you and yours!
Closing, #Giants David Wilson. So now Super Bowl champs have two quick/tough Ahmad Bradshaws in backfield, plus a return man.
thanks so much!
would you consider Kanye pop punk? Lol
I say we all meet up and get crepes when we're in town
Today is the ultimate curt cobain documentary day. There's a couple spots left in my living room. Only requirement: mustn't be enthused.
A Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommy's
So "don't tweet that" pretty much guarantees you'll tweet it? Some might try to game this system....
“: The 18th is almost here. Did you get your tix to see The Whispers & Tony Toni Tone' yet?” I'm there
have a discussion on how they might find a better way to learn the content if the video doesn't work for them.
Amsterdam weather is crazy today. Have seen rain, sun, hail then sun again- all is span of 5 min.
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?<U+FFFD> <U+FFFD> Jackie Huba, author73
I need a job- have degree, will travel!
not at all
...and the Monday tweet of appreciation goes out to General Manager Davis Wellington I (and his whole team) at
Your life sucks? Make sure you make a Facebook status about it so the world knows.
Could today get any bette??? <- yes it's american sarcasm
Go vote for Willie Nelson Endorsed canidate: Kris Bailey, and yes he talks to me. ;)
seth came out when he scored 10 straight points for us and never came back in
Good morning #COSprings. What a great morning it is. Clear blue sky and its going to be a warm one today.
That sounds very doable! I'll let you know when they're ready. :)
Bonhoeffer, by Eric Metaxas out in paperback this month! Thrilled to be working on this title again.
Thanks, ladies! It's been a long semester, but the A totes made it worthwhile.
I usually do Japon in Wash Park. Don't get salmonella though- need you healthy!!!! :-)
yeaa I got it thanks again(:
free show. watch out for rockets tonight at hole in the wall with white dress and the couch 10p
The secret to eternal youth? Play jazz!
You know what???? I am an amazing mother! I mean really!!!!
Use that 2011 Tax Refund for something you can't smile without! Your teeth! Get your cleanings, crowns, dentures or fillings with that cash!
what's the business
hi so my friend likes you alot!
I Need More Followers
Come in for your B service before April 15th and you will receive free wiper blades!
Nerlens Noel Day 2012 is upon us. May the odds be ever in our favor.
Yes, definitely will. Really appreciate what your team is doing for parents and kids like ours.
If you can't shuffle a deck of cards, get the fuck out. Wherever you are, just leave.
Thanks for the continued #FF support! Have a great weekend!
thank you for tweeting that picture!
Can anyone recommend a good (preferably free) software program to recover an Outlook PST file?
Preparation is the best way to get to success. If you prepare properly, you can confidently move toward your goals faster and easier!
My Birthday is Tomorrow YAY! :D
Why are there so many things I need/ want to buy??!
What I said: "I have to babysit twin 4 year old boys tonight" What my entire math class thought I said: "I have to babysit 24 year old boys"
Greetings from the Nation!
Yes, definitely. Proper breath control, support from the diaphragm, opening the throat are all essential for vocal hygiene.
SO excited!!
In other news, you know DD loves St. Patty's Day! Come in this week and try the Lucky Mint and Green Shamrock donuts!
Really? Isn’t that old news? Maybe something on Kodak (which is even older news—but, arguably, more interesting)?
Heyy my phone is being a dick... im trying to text you though.
Thanks for doing this for my father :) See you guys at the game...Go Bucky!!!
It's good every time. Every. Single. Time.
Happy Friday everyone!!! #TGIF Anyone have any fun weekend plans?
"The most wasted of all days is one without laughter." ~E E Cummings
Josh Beckett obviously went to Anti-Charm School.
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup Webinar - Consumer Services - Gets Into Home Security and Automation With Digital Life #CAWeb"
what bout your dunk on Damon Jones??? In Miami..
I had nightmares after watching it tho I had just visted Alcatraz!
the pacers will rue trading away kawhi leonard
chinese? I could totally go for Chinese...
thanks for the posts buddy. Hows next Thurs around 10:30 look for you?
Sounds yummy!
Congrats and everyone else who graduated today.
Bonnat's El Rosario bar is here again! 75% bittersweet chocolate sourced from Venezuelan cocoa. Stop by while supplies last.
There are a lot of #Cardinals fans here today. Or people decided to wear #Badgers red.
Wish the weather wud stop pms' ing ...just got dumped with snow last nite now its all melting lol only in Milwaukee .....
I'm dying! Gimee a hot dog!
Stage lifecycle management - application en architecture soa de gestion des ... - Handicap.fr
Skies the limit tonight...... Icon. ::happy birthday Carl::
Hope everyone enjoyed perform #BOYFRIEND for the first time on ...how was it?!!
HANDSOME LIL FELLA
is this contest on Facebook for the whole Go Radio tour? Or just your hometown date?
Im out..I made a mistake, didnt see an ep raise a reshoved ai QThh otb (10bb stacks in the blinds) I had 125k at 5kbb He had QQ
I'm ready! Let's go get 'em!
aww im glad you had a safe trip hun :)
ok so I followed can u please follow me please I followed u I was told u follow back do u or did the person lie :(
Cold, wet weather is on the way to the Land of Enchantment! Do you need Pella Windows and Doors? Call Jeff now for a quote (505)362-0529.
I'm David Hasselhoff :)!
red balloon!
:) you're too sweet.
settle down, son! No clothes were harmed in the making of this HOWF. Cc
m so worth it!
I agree
To the 18,5M men who have been sexually abused, don't give up before the miracle happens. The greatest part of your life awaits you.
lol. Just ringing in 2012 with a bang!!
Yes! #associations should attend! “: begins today. Are there any spaces left for associations day? #Confex2012”
If you can't view work email off campus then forward online planner email from work account to personal email prior to going to
Make sure you come down to see and her new show! It's wicked amazing!!
eh SnowMan Niggas Was Tryna Meet U In Paris Doe..Where was Meet And Greet??
I often think bad hole innuendos about my piercing. Gotta keep that hole stretched. Feels tight today, needs lube to get it in.
the awkward moment when today is the day i realized my 4th grade teacher lives in my neighborhood!
Thank you so much!
congrats!! 7 in a row!
some of THE most condescending labels around. RT: So should we say "female emcee"? "backpack rapper"? "white rapper"?
Just watched High School Musical. "Waiting to Exhale" is on deck. Make it a #Netflix nite
hey how have you been
#Idontknowbut I am not going to waste such a glorious Saturday. Have fun everyone!
Hanging in there, just like baby. :) I'm getting anxious to know if we're having a boy or girl! Sleep last night was rough. :(
4 classes left, then it's off to Vegas for the weekend!
Word of the Day: COTERMINOUS when the term of 2 agreements end at the same time. BWARE of this term, it increases the length of UR contract.
shower time(:
Countdown to #Cheers continues...
thanks to whoever got me sick.
It's nice to see you posting more.
Who's Hungry tonight?
lol. At least Tahoe is more fun then dreary Cleveland .... :-)
So glad you enjoyed! RT Thanks to for inviting: application event! Cant wait to talk w
I wanted to see my baby in the morning
Crossing my fingers for a Ohio victory.
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever !
QHT tonight for a little birthday brew if anyone is interested
watching right now at Fox!
Honored to be named BOMA's 2011 Public Official of the Year, along with and
its impossible to loose me -- you never had me...
What timing! Interested to see how soon this gets calendared. Count me in!
Heading home for what's left of my weekend. I'm leaving you in the hands of my capable co-worker Peace Homies!!!
RT - MIAMI HAS THE BEST WEATHER EVER WATCHNG 4 A MIAMI DOLPHINS GAME!
DAY1 of the tribeca film festival starts for me TODAY
ya gamboa is a beast he's way faster and more athletic but rios is a lot bigger and has a huge heart ib think rios kos him 9th
Officially a member of Lambda Pi Eta! Great speech by guest speaker Dr Fyke at the induction ceremony tonight
Shopped local nursery today for seeds and plants. Cost just a bit more. Supporting local business is good.
go to sleep man you got a big day ahead of you
Sunday Twitter poll question: Will the new Soundgarden album be better or worse than the new Van Halen record?
Today is the day. The Newark office is officially open. 110 High St. Call 315.331.5721 to set up you exam appt Hope to see you there
I can't stop laughing in the library hahahahhaahhahahahahhahhahahah oh my GOD what were we thinking? pullin out the big guns?
Still have the lingering headache. Must be #stress. Going on 5 days now.
Yeah she meant to say "less dumber"
I dread the thought of going to school. Thanks Centennial for making my high school career suck ass.
This world is a nasty place and I've met some pretty nasty people. My apologies to the good that are trying to get to know me. It's not easy
Welcome to Siesta Key:)
STOP BROWSING THE INTERNET.
A lot of people...but it doesn't matter. I want you there.
Just popped my #standupcomedy cherry & it wasn't too painful. It was quite a show so I'm feelin' pretty good. Yeah-yuh!
Happy Star Wars day, y'all: May the Fourth be with you....
Let's go ! Hang in there!
not the same without you today - have a great
Kaiden is the most adorable baby I have legit ever seen !! <3 he's a cutie just like you !
contemplating why i became a lawyer
PLEASE FOLLOW !!
Decent numbers.......#Apple revenue for the quarter was $46.3 billion, a year-over-year growth of 73%, & net income was $13.1 billion.
Are you a tourist in New York? If so what is your favorite thing to do here?
I love being a wife and mother. There's nothing like it in the whole world.
Dear followers, Thanks for listening to our music if you have! Thanks, A Greater State
#The Players club
I got my bouncy ball goodness. Thank you!
oh san francisco. why is the weather crappy all weekend and gorgeous during the work week? let's try to work on that this weekend, mkay?
Listen beast I will love you if you just leave that douche lord.
Happy Friday everyone!
In class wondering where da fuck my teacher at?
wish Götze was in this match, Haupt Dortmund!
not to sure let me check
Going to the party at tonight , VIP happy hour presented by #jdmusic. See you there
It seems like nostril piercings are becoming increasingly mainstreamed and folks are moving on to septum piercings as a result.
Guess ill get something before I go to the school
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
I don't recognize you - I've changed a lot.
Thanks for fighting the good fight!
want one now!
If you live in Madison WI, Please email your resume to . We do a ten year background,finger printing & drug testing.
had a really fun trial class yesterday! I want to know about future events to watch some swordplay pros!
Keep it up!
Lol! Is everything good on ur end though?
So now the injury bug has bitten Carlos Gomez? #Brewers may have to hire a team exterminator.
CSURams AD Jack Graham, "I want to make it absolutely clear that we have zero tolerance for this kind of behavior by our student athletes."
In the beginning of the KCA's , i was waiting for Will to sing the theme song from The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. :P
Sometimes I think I should be more considerate of others, and watch my words more carefully. Ah, screw it.
no way!
Technically you were supposed to pay it (few do). Now the tax collection burden is moved on to Amazon. :-)
I really really love hockey
by guiding me every step of the way on my entrepreneurial journey: blessing me with #vision, a desire to learn and #courage!
Tomorrow night!!! at the Magic Stick. Egg nog body shots for the first 15 through the door
Getting a lot of new followers! Shout out to all the lovely new people
Good Morning! Safe travels to everyone traveling today! :)
Going to dye my little sisters hair with food coloring (: oh gosh!
minds are limited. be aware of already is in ppl's minds about you/competitors
my feet are always cold why is tht???
Watching Eva Longoria on Extra...I bet would be fangirling!
Fair later! x)
Coming to a town near you........
Hey! Do it for the kids! gotta love random old Italian guy in Staten xD
All the music video's from Taylor are enchanting. I can watch them a million times and still don't get sick of it.
Yes, it will be available as an OnDemand on Monday. All TypeCast webinars convert to OnDemand a few days later.
Just locked myself out of my apartment. Spent the evening watching an 80s cop & dog buddy movie w/ my lovely neighbors, a Ukranian couple.
I should make a bunch of stuff that says kony2012 on it and sell it then I'll be rich by the end of april
MCA's death has me feeling like my mom threw away my best porno mag
Aww thank you! I love to do it. So rewarding to help peeps who need it!
Thanks for the music monday follow! We appreciate it! :) -- TS
right after honeybee went off I love you this big came on ... #amazin #memories :)
Thank you for the K+ on #Klout. We are so appreciative of our friends! Used to love A+ 's Now we love #K+
Don't be mad at anyone if your life didn't turn out the way you planed it be mad at yourself we was all given the tools to work with
Enjoying my BEST LIFE, Right Now! I LOVE where I am & I'm CELEBRATING where I'm going. ALL things ARE working together for GOOD! Joyful
Tell me about it... Its not the guy i was on oovoo w/ tho...
a guideline to legal sedation. Fancy terms for clinicians but What does this version truly mean for patients?
Hello to all my new followers. Thanks!!
His calloused and unfair insult caused the cat to become offended and run away. Now I mourn by itching.
We will be on tomorrow morning talking about trolley show! Show starts at 9am on ! RT!
“: oh my i take that back hahaha oh em gee your bieber drawing was top notch. #belieber” ha! I KNEW you'd get it!!!
I was drunk! Don't judge me RT : is laughing so loud lol.
I have no idea
I'm pretty sure I would pee my pants if I ever got to meet Atticus Mitchell <3
YES YES I DO HE IS CLEARLY CRAZY
No, you're sticking two concepts together. ;-) Onomastics is the study of names. I'm wearing my onomast's hat today.
It sounds like summer outside.
Tudou Holdings Ltd. may terminate its U.S. listing plans and be acquired by Baidu Inc., the Economic Information Daily reported today
I'm bout to make a new twitter.
Another Brewer's lead bites the dust.
Are you in Foxboro?
Can't wait till i get home!! HUNGRY!
RT “: Pretty bitches only can get into my possy. #nickiminaj”
Absolutely. But sometimes I put them on last minute. As long as I don't forget them.
Finally got my lp in the mail from today! Gotta say, worth the wait & on gold vinyl no less! Good job dudes!!
Bomb threats in PGH are spreading ": RT Bomb threat confirmed for point park Univeristy #pointpark #bombthreat"
Twice now I walk in to 's office and he's watching Rita Ora music videos.
Just scheduled the removal of my bottom wisdom teeth. My stomach is already in knots.
it's the weather
So grateful for this beautiful day the Lord has created.
Are you happy 4 eminem?
that you would ;), you'd also be glad you came
looking forward to this month's #deacsread book. I love anything by Jeffrey Eugenides!
yeah that must be it....
What kind of bird is the tweeter bird?
hey baby muah
Omg i need a black jacket for tomorrow!
Facebook: *Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking:* "don't care'' "sIut" "Your life sucks" "Song lyrics" "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist."
QUID PRO QUO BITCH
Stomach ache :(
I hate when my professor picks me to read out loud,this ant elementary school.
Yes! RT RT : ROAD TRIP! RT : - or what about a round the world trip and hang out here too
#RushLimbaugh is 1 dead pig that deserves 2 b beaten mercilessly. Screw how it makes #liberals look! Let the a-hole go satellite.
you ever heard of taking a deck of cards and flipping a card do the number it says untill the decks done face cards are 10
#mysong plus 'Noone's Gonna Love You'....- Jennifer Hudson
My 8 month old nephew is having open heart surgery tomorrow at 6am if you see this please pray for him.
you did it before you'll do it again ;)
how am i going to pull all of this out of me by friday? how how how??!?!
Thanks so much - will keep you all posted!
of course(:
i've completely changed my mind about QR codes. waste of space. wanna fight about it?
What is your favorite song off our cd?
I hate the bus
Tree in the woods is a good analogy. Waiting on an email to find out more.
Perfect for the beach! I have their song "Feel It All Around" on my yoga playlist, very nice! Plus, "Crack the Shutters";)
I think I had the same driver!
really its ok
Some students may say: 1. books are boring, 2. homework is boring. 3. lectures are boring. Now your answer 4 EDU reform in the USA is ...?
RT : today at 4:20p at #AHCJ12: working out a business plan, for freelancers and others (Atlanta 4-5)
To everyone that is doing their taxes remember to add 5 - 7% for the inflation tax to your effective tax rate to see what was really taken.
Thanks for noticing the latest blog post.
I have four fucking annoying brothers! :/ and im the only girl.. :(
Scott Thompson lies about a CS degree on his resume?!? Who does that? is so done.
Really? Did they just win?? Haven't seen a final update from yet!
I better snag an interview with you before you get WAY TOO BIG for the likes of me.
Hi im hakim a new author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out in late may I think u will enjoy its very exciting
BEEP the short bus is here I put your helmet and crayons in your bag so u wunt 4get them lic som windows 4 me =) thx
Wish there were more Stretch classes on the weekends!
RT:: If there is light in the soul, there will be beauty in the person. — Unknown
Amazing show! ": Awesome, unforgettable, amazing show, and so much love for #Nashville. Happy and exhausted. #U2VU"
More sun
thanks dude. not so sure about it. a weird one
ask him then. It's cause I put the shit up and you commented on my shit.
So happy! Got some baby rubies and sapphires, now I just need some gold and silver... Beautiful things in the works ;)
": Do they even tweet? RT Hope ur following !!!" Not much from what I see.
I hope Sudiboo is in a good mood today.
Shoutout to for the retweet...appreciate the support!
Time to start translating Les Songes Drolatiques de Pantagruel...
Spring break
can I get yoo numbaaa? can I have it? you got a boyfraaan? where he aat? ;)
YES I HAVE EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM BEEN VERY INSPIRATIONAL
I have mixed feelings about #Strawdogs. Slow opening scenes gradually gets darker. It has a lot of very intense scenes towards the end.
Shortie asked me for a vaca/all she got was a guilt trip...hahahaaa
Our World is a sketch comedy show that was inspired by shows like In Living Color. Our premere is next month. Check us out!
I am not a stutterer, I just like to be a DJ with my conversations.
Helping out a bride and groom I will be DJ'ing for this summer. Do any of you know any great wedding photographers?
Penn Staters such as are sharp people.
the weather outside is frightful.
Another rout in progress as No. 3 seed South St. Paul beats up New Ulm 9-0 midway through the second period.
illegal, will you get thrown in vegan jail if you eat it?
Today feels like a good day.
This happened again ;D WERE ON ON THE SAME TIME((: aren't our twitter lives awesome?!! ;D -Kiki
Pizza for breakfast
No way... This is the end of the road RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6.
that's what oi
- re: scammers quote. I agree this is a compelling quote/concept. But... I'm sure some scammers will exploit any system.
send it again for me pimpin.
“: When confirmations chase you….”>>
No the hell we don't! Odom & Shannon Brown maybe! RT : Man we need fisher back smh
Had a GREAT Monday! I hope you all did also. :0)
A2 Remain positive and ask questions about job-start a dialogue.
lol oh ok then. Not sure I believe that! I'm doing good, thanks!
Thx!! RT : has the best breakfast!!!! Skinny High Thigh is my favorite...
I seriously think I reached a new level of boredom.
am i seeing you tomorrow? Maybe with ??
our duet is playing. Missing u to sing it with :-)
love you sis.
Wrote my grandpa a letter in Slovak for his 80th birthday. To the 9 other grandchildren: I WIN!!!!
I guess I beat and robbed those small children for nothing...oh well
You guys have amazing voices
Surprised how many Seahawks fans defended the pick of Bruce Irvin.
haha, ok I'll give them a listen and we'll see
well the lady tried to steal my money and my cleanliness
Going to warm up to the 60s today.
Finally Reached 700 followers thanks to all my followers
Great event! Mind if we mention it in our #MKEDAY listings?
Man that sounds so good!!!
Covering some of the first ever #CAHA High School hockey tournament this afternoon at Anaheim Ice. Then on to the Pond for
SDCHC is at the heart of today's challenges providing housing, training, and jobs for disadvantaged families and their children!
they try to put too much into it. Need to streamline
#z is the motto.
England cricket captain & web inventor speak at Spa
Vanity Nightclub birthday bash tonight!! Belvedere vodka hosted bar! VIP guest list text 702.882.4982
it will
don't let corrupt you. He's no good
Thats how we roll on the left coast
right now starting :)
Happy 79th to The Chief. I could never thank you enough.
assuming they used your caliber of logic, im guessing one of your relatives?
how was the wine tasting? We probably drove right by you - JR Carrier, Four Graces and Natalie's, then dinner at Red Hill Market
Funny. Last week I heard about a kids app that failed bc "record" was represented by a red circle like a VCR
My throat is gonna kill me : (
#leapday #humpday #wednesday Everybody have a successful day!!!
The makers of an action figure w/ an uncanny resemblance to the late Steve Jobs are reportedly being 'threatened with legal action' by Apple
FEATURE-US architects hit the road to survive property crash
I know. It's amazing how difficult it is to get Tweeps to go to other websites. Specially when u have to give out email/info
went for the additional beer.
Captain Danny O'Roruke, why are you not living in this ref's grille????
carry on would have been a good choice too!
Shaffer Fine Art Gallery is now on Twitter Stay tuned for updates
Again things are great in life then something bad has to happen to ruin it.. :'( let down, hurt, disappointed, angry, can't quit crying.
Thanks for the RT's!! Have a great remainder of the week!
You must try next time. The Trailer Park done "trashy" may be my favorite of all time.
I wanna get drunk as hell and go skating just so I can bust my ass lmao!!
be the nice guy. If everyone always tries to get even, no one gets ahead.
what are you teaching?
listen to some awesome music, or write some even better music
Umm... Pic? RT The color of the day is purple! Purple garter to be exact :)
Aggravated & stressed to the max. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I don't always finish books quickly but I do make time to read the latest issue of CRL when it appears in my mailbox.
Thanks for visiting - how was everything?
my thoughts exactly...
Are your customers unique? Can you identify the key characteristics of your customers?
A random iTunes shuffle is delivering big inspiration this morning.
check out our fb page for the courses on our wine dinner. Also, for v-day resos, get them now, we're almost booked!
I just knew this day would come. Eat it, Wyoming.
#Vikings trade #3 pick to
So it looks like both diet and exercise can REALLY decrease the effects of aging on your neuromuscular junctions
When used correctly, processes should standardize and simplify the necessary tasks that keep business running smoothly.
Really wish I could go to your session!! It's the same slot as Blogging 101 that I signed up for...
Brewers Mark Kotsay coming up big with a 2-run single in the bottom of the 9th to beat the Reds 8-7.
Wow, the auditions went great, thanks to all the people that came out, it was crowded and I appreciate everyones patience. Call backs soon
Drew, I am speechless, please do something for #Brewers nation!!!
If it's not meant to be, then it's not meant to be. But I keep thinking him
debs having a bbq on the 25th do u think u can come? n i ned ideas on what i should make . any help will be great thanks !
My name is Garvey not Harvey and I like to Edgar Allen poe
act'n like a whore don't mean no never... cb3
- unfortunately not enough people were using it, so we focused on other features!
there were tweets from Grunny and Oliver Grigsby saying "We went there!" something about a cockroach...
hmm maybe i am and maybe im not
We did for #CWTdrinkup and it was awesome! /cc
Flack for a Sen. just told me that she can't speak on the record or off-the-record. What are they gonna do next? Hire mutes?
All praise to #NavySeals who killed #BinLaden; no praise to who helped create terrorist states in
too hard to explain in 140 characters :)
Nice! Love it.
Healthy dinner: Turkey Bolognese on Whole Wheat Pasta. The family didn't throw the spaghetti at me like angry chimps.
A loving family and close friends are truly God's greatest gifts! Happy thanksgiving!! Feeling
#GoodDeed RT : : Saw a homeless guy. Bought him food. Became a world of two. Thanks for the inspiration.
Mothers day Full brunch menu plus 3 featured items. Free mimosa for all you special moms plus a fresh blooming rose
How would everyone feel if the color changed on the UM helmets?
If you've been considering wading into the weird tales steampunk delve that is /Fallen London, there's no time like a reboot.
Catching up on past episodes. Haven't seen them? Do it, do it ne-ow!
RT Saw it. You guys made my list. "Cool! Let us know when you're coming in!"
good answer
Q: How do you balance mission of caring?
Were open after remodeling!
Thanks for the S/O!
UGH ,i know but shes not pretty ,&her voice&laugh is annoying so i dont need to worry about losing niall.
It's a great day to throw the ball with your son!
#tacobell why can't you close at like 11pm??? Or actually before anytime I get drunk?
It wont work!!! Make a new one!! Im not the only one having this problem!
Happy New Year. Looking forward to even more phenomenal growth in 2012. That said... Send us some good music videos.
French toast and strawberry-buttermilk smoothies.
but you didn't follow back,,, ever.
hey badass out there today(:
def best moment when dances the girl out
hell yes we do.
glad y'all enjoyed !!!
thanks for the follow! :)
thanks for the #ww shout out! hope you'll come write with me again soon :) you're a great writer!
hell yeah! I love mama chad!
Dwyane Wade is a jerk ? I blame this guy, He made Dwyane Wade :D
I already said were going back to Cincy. RT : I want to go to another Steelers game *cough cough*
thanks for the add!
<U+266B>Lest i forget thy love for me...<U+266B> :D
Guy in ilab: "Naa I don't have any work. I'm just in here to kick it." oh hell no I'd be knocked tf out if I didn't have this crap to do
I wouldn't slow roll him!
It was nice to see you!
So my drawsomething isn't working. Does that mean I have to pay attention in class? I think my GPA may want me to..
This day just keeps getting better. Seriously does not seem real. Omw to nyc. Double or nothing?
you get a monster sale!
Yeah how many?
I'm ready to go home
The Take Care Medley <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5> >
I'd much rather spend the day with ol' boy, but he doesn't give me money so.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
tweet your H,B! t-shirt. i will give you a free download code. party.
Are you drinking enough fluids?
Wondering if she ever thinks about me as much as i think about her..
uh woah. what is this. I'm on twitter again? And before 7 am?! O_O WHAT IS THIS.
It's a rainy day here in Vegas. We like to sit outside with tunes & coffee. What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
Oh... final tomorrow AM. That's a must watch for me
new show on HBO. it's rad & life-changing. it's US!!! RT OKAY, that's it.WHAT IS GIRLS? Everyone cool is watching/tweeting it.
Free Screening in LA of Huey P. Newton Story Egyptian on Hollywood Blvd 7:30!
That's so sweet of you! That's why I love you, bold and strong but you have a big heart. <3
Can you support me guys?<U+2665>Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !Can you support me guys?<U+2665>
So close to 1000 fans we can taste it!
Aside from the few obvious ones...are there any other #Marvel films on the horizon?
LOL. AND LOOK HOW LONG THEY'VE LASTED. TRUEE DAAATT. Harry would love me. I'm sarcastic &all my relationships are
It's was raning all weekend
trio doe
If you intro themes at the beginning of the year, students could really spend months preparing.
AND CAN I GET A HOT TUB
everyone follow my personal :) , im in a contest w. my friend who can get more followers & i have all of u gusyss xoxo !
I love Indy in May
And if you are an adult, buy a drink. Nothing ruffles my feathers more than grown men sucking down Pepsi and Iced tea. Free Refills.
Thanks for the follow !
Stressed out....
I don't know whether to be disappointed or relieved.
May the 4th be with you!
I'm sorry...did they not see Dark Knight?
I have a massive headache. Fuck.
weekend update
Someone should totes come visit me ill give you a free ice cream or something
“: they started off 0-4 but since then they had been playing good ball.”<~~yep the offense has been on fire
GOOD Magazine: Skid Row Part 5: Afterword
Proud to be a major sponsor of June 15-16! Mayor Barrett says IndyFest is a great addition to Milwaukee Festivals!
Hello new followers ,thanks for the follow.
I think I spent more time saving articles to read later than actually reading them...
If you change both the game and the players, is it still the same game?
this is the best news ever!
Welcoming my bro Adam to the twitter world.
First tweet in a week. Having an introversion spell. Yuck. I miss you guys.
Rebekah Brooks charged in News Corp phone-hacking scandal (+video) - Christian Science Monitor
whats up? p.s. I love
Our well-equipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weight-lifting.
Diamond beta pin - check that gold. Reversible dragon robe. Justforfun blazer. Folding your clothes. Only you Scotty Banks. Ah I'll miss you
but wait — who did learn everything from?
Reading these travel books is making me so excited!
Thanks for the RT, !
Happy Mother's day to my mama n every other mother
cool I'm going to check it out :) I have one, two actually but their goofy... well my old one is:P do you want the usernames?
RT : "Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
which one !? :D
of course not. He saved it under Kenny Klein.
Happy Birthday Man! Enjoy
What just happened!?
Have a good Tuesday to all my followers!
How to spend time on thanksgiving break for Chinese people? Even it is still one and half a week...
#raw10 Had a Friend that was really black, color-wise. Now, im dark, but he was black. Everytime he got out the car, the oil light came on
Processing collections is so calming and peaceful.
it's been really good!
cool drop by we would love have u & make you more fabulous
They don't call us "Paint Pros" fro nothing! #NoReallyTheyCallUsThatCauseIt'sOurName
“: If I gotta trick to get some. Ima finish asap. Yeen bout to get my bread and enjoy this shit.”
#FF Our newest food blogger !
The AirTrain connects either to the A or to the E/J/Z. The J happens to run within 4 small blocks of my apt.
Feel like a fire hose of fabulous information is blowing me over, thank you #joycevalenza!
CONTEST: Who wants to be featured on the front page of new website? Seen my many actors & CD's? DM us for more info.
Just watched Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Way more graphic than I expected! Some captivating twists though.
how do you get people to actually deposit?It's a culture change. Maybe level of support that is needed: "How to deposit" class
yes she is. I love her.
“#Imagine Vinny: i love you You: prove it. Shout it to the world Vinny: *whispers in your ear* i love you You: ? Vinny: you are my world.”
Can't wait to get out tha fuckin hood
RT : Highly inspired by what's being said today and the collaborative efforts
Thank you Steve Jobs for all your amazing inventions - You will be missed.
#Happy Monday everyone! How was your weekend, what have you done to #liveunited?
Steve Doocy is funny. Love waking up to Fox&Friends
"Happy" anniversary.
Stu Pomeranz is literally taller than the Oriole Bird costume, hat and all.
and the people bowed and prayed / and what difference does it make to you and me / all delighted people raise their hands
It was also great to meet the new recruits from at the class yesterday. They are polished, polite, so much fun and so SMART!
Cross-departmental collaboration can make for a more innovative museum. "Disciplined Collaboration" helps break down hierarchy.
coming to the midwest soon? we miss you in Mpls!
is it still a pop up dinner when the hosting restaurant takes the bank..confused by "pop up" definition.sounds like service to me
We are looking for your most inspiring quotes, principles, and ideas that relate to design, innovation, story-telling, and marketing.
Can't wait till the Knicks waste all of their money matching an offer on Jeremy Lin.
are you hiding from me yeah? SOMEWHERE IN THE CROWD!
Mom said thank you! Sorry about that...things got hectic. Ringing...
You have to take the good with the bad, smile when you're sad, love what you got and always remember what you had.
omgomgomgomgomgomg I am so excited for you! <3
Can it be time for #CFBlockParty yet?!
was lights out once again with 40+ saves
I think I may have just gotten into a gallery in New York, New York. More details later.
It's snowing!?
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action." Benjamin Disreali Read The 4-Hour Workweek by Tim Ferriss
thanks Carlos!
Babe Ruth jersey now at over $1.3 million with BP. Most ever bid online for piece of sports memorabilia...with 8 days left in auction.
No lie #MISSING is the best show on TV right now. is a great actress.
tourist dad: 'they're taking their land back from the corporations!' close enough!
Happy New Year, Chris!
Nice article on iOS 5. I updated today. Great new features but I'm having crash problems w several apps.
Yum.! Taco bell. With a frutista freeze.!
I ate too much
You r so lucky!! Enjoy!
Humid af! >=o
Niggas is coming out the closet on twitter
Who wants more followers?
typing without looking at the keys on the iPhone and iPad is 100% do-able. And just like on a keyboard it's _the_ way to be fast.
I hope I would! I might be too scared though :(
I hear ya. Gained respect for you after this convo. Good luck to you
In case you missed it yesterday, Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, While She Sleeps - September 26!
hell yeah we are. Just like my pacers did
Love your profile pic! Such a cute dog!
i Know you are my #1 twitter fan
Arrived at the Bristol SDL/Alteiran office. Used to feel like the new guy here but now feel like a veteran.
Hey thanks for the mention Beverly! Following you!
oops too late :) damage is already done. Actually, my safari beta was acting up, so wanted to get the latest one
(2 of 2) has banned the sale of bottled water within its limits. Visitors are encouraged to buy or bring reusable bottles.
Well, clearly someone in the upper management at Netflix dropped out of their MBA program!
I heard Kel spent all his money on Orange Soda.
This is going to be ridiculous.
Making an unlikely prediction that the #Angels win tonight 3 - 1.
Another senseless shooting six shot, one dead in Chicago. When is enough ... enough! Why are dead bodies lying in the streets a norm?
Um, yeah.
I go out all the time when I'm traveling on business. When I'm not traveling I sometimes stay in and drink at my place!
We're bring stuff in from 2 new estates - tons of new items. Lots of collectibles, Fostoria glass, copper items, ocassional pcs, dining rm.
yeah! Of course!
What? I had no idea that guys did that.
very task-oriented fellow vaccumed that same area for HOURS on Friday until my ears were bleeding
Happy birthday to one of my best friends !!
Good Night Everyone....
Your welcome! Keep having FUN in the
Who loves their Iced Tea? Starting today, get it for only .99 cents!!
Sugar plum palmyras for 120 at Cartier. :) missed the Santa photos this year.
yeah. lol you've never called me journal before, it's weird.
Well, you're famous... Self love, brotha!! "RT : I wanna fuck somebody famous:)"
it is so hot...and our windows don't open
your text literally made my day! Hope my #Vegas trip is just as exciting!!!
It's fun to do bad things.
RT : We're considering developing a course in XSLT- any interest?
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Yeah, and air it on Food Network!
Finally figured out how to get online at this Starbucks...now I can properly procrastinate in writing my thesis.
Why is he watching msnbc about politics and sh.t
Looks like no flying tomorrow either lol
All these bandwagon Kentucky fans need to quit
"Don't you have some sluts to go fuck?" "Actually yeah I do."
Two Fiddy Tuesday!! Polish Beef and Regular Beef only $2.50
HTTP 403 Forbidden!
cool on thurs!
How the fuck did those idiots on #JerseyShore get a tv show?
Wow got to wonder what John Terry was thinking
- Everytime I look at that video I just laugh & smh in disbelief ! I can't believe I was that fucxing drunk! Ima sip slow tonight!
didnt your mom ever teach you its rude to tweet at people ;) haha
Yep it's official! Car title came in the mail today.
do you blog now? if so- site? what teams would u b interested in blogging about? can b team u like or just have interest in
#TheVoice is awesome!
careful follow. That's my alma matter. Not sure if this is a complement to UTA bball or insult. HA!
Electricity at last! Hallelujah!
I'm ready to get behind tha camera again, so I'm wAtchin what I eat n workin out
RT : RT : We want to show that Data scientists solve *real* problems says at
RT Anyone who doubts the future of the Jewish community in North America should have spent the past few days at
": While the #Rangers #WorldSeries game was going on, the #Saints beat the #Colts 62-7!(damn!!)
I miss you xx
George Daughan speaks about his book "1812: The Navy's War" at noon in the Rines!
I have GOT to go home and play FIFA now
Thanks for the #FF and the feeling is mutual! We #noir folk have to stick together. Hope to see you at our party!
Can you PLEASE get on your show sometime soon? I'll love you even more if you throw in there!
#HowToGetRejected Be Me :(
Your #FF endorsement means mor than words can say. Thank you, Chet for including me in such great company. Happy Friday!
But i can't forget what i did for love What i did for love
For anybody considering going the lifestyle route of Lindsay Lohan: keep in mind she was court-ordered to work at a morgue. Not glam
REVO SD website goes live next Wednesday! Stay tuned...
HA-LARIOUS!! Sad part is that lady looking real familiar!! Been like that since (R.I.P.) Flo-Jo died.
Today's #politicalscience topic is over reporting turnout in surveys...more methodological than theoretical but still interesting
I can't retweet you!!!!!! LOL
any time When is the next shoot
S/O & happy Alphaversary to good brother Sherman Lofton and both of his LBs Patrick Stephens & Andre Sullivan! 06!
": I feel bad for the first guy who farted. He probably thought his asshole was haunted by smelly ghosts."
he will take control.. But if you have any props that mean something to you, bring em!
that all looks so yummy!
You can always tell who is the good guy in movies cuz he is usually kill 15 bad guys by himself
"Giving up" can mean sacrifice OR it can mean "offering up"- what can you share today that will enhance your relationship with Spirit?
that guy had a free meet n greet today!
8K starting units with $10 dealer add-on for 2K units, and 30 minute levels starting at 25/50
's API which forces tweets of ppl I don't follow into my stream due to ppl I do follow has forced me to unfollow those people. :(
I'll try! Really I will!!! I need some you, camy and California time. STAT.
Yes, it matches our new fb color!
no, what was depressing was the 6 weeks last fall when that didn't trigger at all
this weekend
how are u getting pulse 87 out here? I love that station.
I was just there! how've you been? Are you settling or hopping?
What a night. Goodnight <3
depends on where you live. Lol!!
Figure skating to Bond music. This is something I can get behind.
RT : Just saw a grown man walking down the street with a tall boy of chocolate milk and a timbers scarf.
"like" us on facebook
(1/2) Carolina played Boston last night, and on their way out of town came down to play us. It wasn't a produced bout.
so i woke up today at the boyfriends with my monthly friend -__- no bueno =[
Although it may sound simple, it’s not. Guidelines used by some banks may precluded home owners from having the option of a deed in lieu
nice to hear from you! Miss you also.
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 66
blue canary in the outlet by the light switch...
Just because your hot don't make you sexy! A personality is sexy! Feel me twitter?
That's it Best! Make them fear the run! That's the new #Lions !!! This is what I have been waiting for in the Lions since childhood!
Don't become my past
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best hall of fame ever?!
But I feel like you took so many classes on flvs.
how about KeepDaveWeird
The #Ms lost, huh? Well, that's stupid. At least there'll be highlights via ESPN's love fest of the Yankees. So that's something. Kinda.
You look at a girls twitcon and saying Dam girl you fine then checking her Facebook profile and she ends up looking like a whale >_________<
Pay attention you keep this up you gone notice things changing between us
WHO HAS A YOUTUBE? TWEET US!
The myth of the flat organization. Why is it that extremes are always so popular with business theorists and consultants?
How many followers do you have?
Just witnessed possibly the most fagtacular fight ever.
hang in there. After the rain there's always a rainbow ;)
I think that he just muted the phone.
The vest resigns
This dunk contest is weak.
I had the worst blonde moment while doing my APUSH presentation today... Face palm.
#Actors, Try groups like , wift.com, etc. It's a great way to network and meet filmmakers who could potentially give you jobs!
I never realized how much selena gomez promotes herself on twitter.
you too! How have you been?
Be a mommy with the kids an you know what in the sheets<U+E111>no pain no game ! Betty Wright <U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
One of the few daily emails I love reading comes from I <3 you guys (and gals)!
Awe I'm gonna miss 80's prom night @ #grizzlyrose I'm so sad!
I hate when the commentators are just shooting cheap shots at the opposing team
Laying here cant sleep
I love your tweets! :]
its a joke relax lmao
Thanks for the RT ! Looking forward to the event on June 7.
Night night and happy Christmas! :)
Tank's a great writer. His songs musically are starting to all sound the same to me.
the hulk hogan move vs that dumb penguins fan was priceless. Notch another #hartnelldown shirt for that awesomeness.
Im dyin for some fresh air!
Lisa Raye here I come
#imsofuckedup I want to lick tarter sauce off of George clooney's body.
We have nothing to do with him!
I don't know if I should
Thought about favorite-ing so this wld show up in my "favorite tweets" widget on my blog & ppl wld assume it was about ME.
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!! haha
I think the state needs to get you to do public service announcements.
All I have need of, His hand will provide. He's always been faithful to me.
I'm pretty sure every girl is jealous, but I don't care. I don't want stupid hoes going after my man.
Leaders are the heart of the organization - bring calm & reason to situation
all the back lash on Tami is proof that karma is a BITCH!
Just heard "fly like an eagle" twice in the last hour
Love Whistler. And love their cozy back patio during the warmer months just as much!
I was ready to record a new song today to see how it sounded. I'm tired but I still have time to find one. Love ya cuz :)
hi Dylan (:
I agree. Thanks!!
We have a special going on for black fashion fit tees with printing.
Attention #atx Dancers: New teacher in town - new inspiration! Come learn new movements! www.flamencogenoveva.com
No water—no food—so the skunks wander to town. One with rabies just bit two dogs southeast of Clovis—Curry County's first rabies since 2009.
Probably not passing Spanish this quarter.
What's up with your website? Keep getting weird error messages. Come on now I need a job!
First close game of the night
POOP: people order our patties lmao
- You sir, are the man. And an incredible youth pastor! Love ya dude!
Finally spotified. Don't know how I lived without this. Anything crazy happen if/when you link your account to fb?
Lets go okc
ha. Mr Haave, b&b. Goes hand in hand. Tournies all week at the horseshoe.
Per the poll, 53.9 percent of Angelenos surveyed support extending the half-cent sales tax. A two-thirds vote is needed for approval.
enjoy today, because you might not be here 2morrow
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
not anymore ig even know I backed you up I see how it is
Thanks for RT
Cant wait to throw those <U+270C>
I now own all the Star Wars films, so I thought I should inform you, hah. FINALLY ILL SEE THEM.
Recklace driving in a Wal-Mart parking lot.
Vanilla icecream, waffles, crazy bread, little ceasers pizza, what the hell.
Purchased low road resistance tires today, wheeeha
Not sure. I think they're free to set their own as long as its not egregious.
Tomorrow I go and register my baby for Kindergarten. How time has flown by.
up with my wife wonder what we gunna do today
what's the snarky question?
Yeah dude, I watched most of that second half, the goalie was playing so well then gave up such a soft goal. Devastating.
Preparing speeches to U Conn, Am. Museum of Natural History in NY, and AS Chicago meeting on journalism and climate change.
Huh. I think I may like Windows 8, just like I liked Windows Phone Series 7. But I still won't own either of them.
Manchester cant wait for to do there first ever tour here 1-4-3
So people are trying to file lawsuits against for 3 ending, gamers are becoming spoiled douchebags.
Have plans tonight but want to get a class in? Join Zoe for her Yoga Flow class at 4:30pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
#### B E N N Y * B E N A S S I #### April 17th @ Myst NightClub - Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
sour deez... got my pocket on loud...
aww! Good cry or bad cry??
Father's Day is just THREE Sundays away! Order a custom made gift that will touch even the hardest to buy for dad!
Same need to jump on that commenting now
I love the fact you guys have church on Sunday and LGBT night on Monday! Kudos!
Congratulations grads!
Who is seeing fog this morning? Lots of it out there, let us know what's going on in your 'hood...
You have to see this! Romantic, Fruity, Flowery, Nature, what's your Perfect Scent?
"Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them." Joseph Joubert
Smh car was full and you late
I love
I miss my ladies.
OK, I give up. This #MadMen premiere is boring. Why did they increase the number of ads and make this drag on two hours?
I want to be Facebook Friends with someone that shares my name, and then Like all of their status updates so they look conceited.
yeah thats whats up no rush
Insightful (and funny) review of the wonderful film “The Help”
Day 2 of 365. You have 363 days left in the year so do something or dont bitch and complain at the end of the year that you have NOTHING!!!!
“: Rough start for 2008 champion , who double bogeyed No. 2, birdied No. 3 and bogeyed No. 4 to move to 2 over.” FML
Every time I hear one of those GOP clowns speaks, I relize how proud I am of my President
dont talk about your daughter that way unless u add whore RT : Constant relapses..!!! Dozens of pills and booze don't mix
haha i'm so confused!
(follow me, I'll follow you back)
Oh oh oh oh oh oh ok! Lamborgini! Merci!
Goodmorning twitter feel like things are about to change starting with me,next new traing,then success. Let's get it!
Happiness would be an edited version of District 9 that cuts about 30 to 45 minutes of the first half out completely talk about painful!!!!!
I'm at mtg. in Chicago on orientation for millennial int'l students & handout profiles U.S. millennial population...shall I challenge?
oh lol :p
#RIP Jermaine Davis
thanks love! :))
Drama-junction, what's your dysfunction?
he will find a relative to ensure he's eligible this year.
Funny personal fact: Indie/rock/electronic is my music of choice, but I have an obsession with Eminem and own all his CDs!
Tomorrow is about to be my Saturday and Friday will be my Sunday!! Here we go and it's all for my sis Bday! Hope to see you all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
no. Still got two others and a bass, but I do have this one available
“Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.” Storm Jameson
#thatfeelingofpanicwhen you realize the bus you're on is taking you miles from campus...#whereiscommuterwest?
Subscribed. Love them too. RT : I went to this truck..oh, delicious!! If you live in LA-follow these guys []
wooooot ! lol wats up . . and how do u have a twitter but not a Facebook lol
Why is everyone feeling some type of way this morning?
following Susannah the creator of and
In studio for Joey Negro/Quantize collab. Let's get it!
hell yea I would
So many big time #collegehoops matchups tonight and this weekend on
They have such a great chemistry together. Fun movie
dude, just try and make it good for you..b4 you leave say to the student he has to pay extra money to use the bathroom..lol
On the radio they were saying that they were real...
Heyy dudes FOLLOW they follow back :>
that's a good sign!
Mike Ditka never finishes his sentences
I'm in a 911turbo at
I know the Damon & Alaric fight was sad. They had became such good friends. Yea the did mess up on the flashback.
moves like jagger sucks ass.. but i have to admit Payphone is a good song omg sdalkfjd
I can hear Leon Russell. I like that.
nice work guys. Good luck!
The car has gone to the garage with car flu. Better get some serious mileage on that writing treadmill before quote comes back.
Taking a half day at work to put my still undefeated 2012 record on the line.
Long term goals keep you from being discouraged by short term setbacks. Keep your chin up :)
Is Your Traffic Mix Efficient? - ClickZ
Tycoon arrests rock Hong Kong
By engaging the breath's full potential, we can both increase the effectiveness of other remedies and decrease our need/dependence on them
bale scored a hat trick to bring them back into the game. Sounded fabulous on the feed. Now need the visual.
I like them all except for Floyd.
go to sleep before black Thunder give u a bedtime story of a lifetime!
-__- if I come across you tomorrow i'm just gonna push you down the stairs...
don't be a hater: "under cover of darkness" sounds like 2001 again, in a good way
RT - I really hope this is the Cleveland Indians getting back on track.
It's 8degrees outside
RT : A1: done multiple collaborations with many here past 4 years resulting (I hope!) for win win for all involved
yeah well, it happens.
do you have a good recipe you could share please?
“: PLEASE STOP RAINING AUSTIN. #sxsw” But Start Rainning at 5pm!
Much more content watching movies all night than drinking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I'm glad I'm not actually trying to concentrate, because someone in the hallway is talking so fast it sounds like they're choking...
Have you ever heard Alan Cumming speak irl? Holy crap, he has a really strong Scottish accent! Does an amazing job playing an American.
Well I'll be wearing my #Rangers gear at the #Yankees game tomorrow
That was just so cute <3
Sorry ma'am...
There's nothing like a deadline and the music of Brooklyn Rider to make the writing flow. (Thanks !)
if you roll one up, imma roll one too. oh you say you don't smoke? well that's all that we do.
Fun fact - Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson only do it missionary style.
My day off is a stupidly busy one. So much to do! Taking a break later... UK artist announced today :-)
You can tell these players know it's a day game tomorrow. All of a sudden it's the 9th inning. 2 hrs 16min so far.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTc
knew a woman who wld check pebbles from my shoe. (she was sure i was messing round w a dental tech and she was looking for teeth.)
Our "friendly and professional" install crew, Derek & Jake just finished our latest 4' x 10' living wall of succulents for a happy homeowner
Just left the campaign kickoff event for State Senator Antoine Thompson
Less than 60 min Dinner made, dishwasher unloaded/reloaded, coffee pot set for AM, floor swept, trash out... Now sand volleyball!!! Sweet
Sometimes I ask Hudson to play hide and seek just so he'll hide and I'll have 5 minutes of silence.
lol what did u just call me?!? Haha
Where does my money go? Rent, gas, Metro, Walmart/Shoppers/Giant& GeorgetownUniversity.
Don't forget to vote for Fire Escape Farms today at in the Start Small, Go Big contest!
Tough subject. None of the malls ever want to talk about vacancies. Did you finish the story?
Gauged my cartilage for the second time. B*tch hurt like a mother! New Earrings
he doesn't. The restraining order says I'm not allowed anywhere near him.
Puttputt then Mammoth Game tomorrow?(: Yeas!
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test. He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
Seek God's kingdom first, and then He will meet all of our needs. Be Encouraged!
What's a writer to do? Can't say as I blame ya.
sounds like that just not trippy and in puerto rico...ehh ty for saving me 1 .5 hours lol
Boston to offer smartphone train tickets
Is there a link to a story about in your publication? Could you send it to us if possible?
Hey, anybody know a Girl Scout cookie stand on the way north out of Portland? Maybe St. Johns or the 'Couv?
Is 12:44am and I can't sleep damn ...watching the late night news...so I can go to sleep..ha funny
Ive actually never got a nood before
aye how much to get in?
pollin. It makes my eyes really red
Now the faux-elitist crowd is all up in arms about account-wide achievements/mounts. Is there anything they won't complain about?
omg lol...that's my lucky number...awk.
it's bout time bitch!! Lmao
I promise after this month, you will see new stuff from me. I'm too busy to be creating a whole bunch. PROMISE.
ok ok ok....i know the diff between the nets and the jets bahahaha i just get confused sometimes!!!!!! i dislike both teams either way.....
AHAHAHAHAHA GREATEST ACCOUNT ON TWITTER
Yup, Charles barkley is drunk. Must be all star night!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. ~Lou Holtz
Happy New Year Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Hobart, Port Vila
Tami deleted her twitter. When this happen....
: Was in H&M yesterday, heard a song about San Fran and couldn't stop thinking about my dear
Stick to my own style. So, you don't know my profile.
you're
your welcome :)
It's funny how the universe likes to remind me that sometimes its better to be single. No crazy exes in my life!
when is your next blog?
Mention how many ogts you passed
I should've kissed you, & I should've told you how I feel.
I finally asked. She said her six year old introduced family to Swamp People, and these shows are far enough from real lawyer life.
thx for sharing! sounds like a good preso! -CV
im sitting here then all i see is followed me bak omg...im just sitting here lyk -.- lucky bitches
AHAHAHAH yeah ok. You wish..
Gary Bettman talks about the #NHL lockout & how for past 7 yrs there has been record revenue & attendance.
If your sexy & you know it put your hands up in the air <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Stand strong, this storm shall pass.
anyone in SD have one?
the only song i love from usher is "can you handle it" !!!! <3 got it from brian ;D
getting Adriatico's. the life and times of the front desk.
congrats. Keep it going.
April sun brings May showers ;-)) Morning tweeps.
So Lisa gets a conscience after voting for the Blunt Amendment? Not buying it.
blazing *christina the cuban*
why?! Why?! I need to lose about 20 lbs
Pellet stove [finally] connected to the existing vent pipe. Now the silicone sealant just needs to cure and we have a new heating source!
Successful living is like playing a violin - it must be practiced daily.
Feeling the southern hospitality here un Austin. Sometimes you don't know what you are missing until you see it.
Middle of the school day & I'm ready to call it a wrap lol. Ready for the weekend to start and some chillaxen to begin ;)
we're here every month, so glad you enjoyed yourself!
Aspire to inspire!
damn right!! Been our most consistent and best pitcher so far
Happy Birthday to !
By show of hands, how many of you LOVE receiving auto-DMs from accounts you've just follo... Huh. I wonder where everyone went.
Salsa every Tuesday Free 8:30p Lessons/Dancing www.930redmaple.com. Say Sue Elliott from www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.
@ You mean I have to wake up to Jay? :) As a Badger will miss Big 10 banter. But change is good. Good luck!
Silver Stars veteran Becky Hammon and rookie Danielle Adams named reserves for WNBA All-Star Game on Saturday at AT&T Center.
John Birdsall will be on AM620 at 3:30pm to weigh in on the John Doe investigation involving 7 Milwaukee police officers....
- Arighty, Im Going To Be At Heights Tomorrow Around 5 Probably
LMAO!! She would whip him into shape!!": Kathy griffin is on the show tonight. I'm trying to give chuy to her"
lol oh blah haha its awesome love the team dynamic
business from home ideas
RT : #eisummit "need profs and academic researchers to join discussion on innovtion in education ...too many Koolaid drinkers” agreed
My Doctor (and her staff) totally rock. (cc: )
lol what do you know about red beans & rice. I'm hungry now
Working out with is going to turn me into a mexican Bruce Lee!
if you aint first your last
We will! RT : Dear - please livestream commencement for fans and alumni like myself!
Just to be a Yankee would be an amazing accomplishment
Dear , thanks for being awesome in Love, Cate
no scared of what.....im,not,lookin,doe so we'll mever find out if im scared
marc anthony is really not an attractive man
Life's exiting :) x
That sneeze needed to happen bro
scavenger hunt QUEEN? Where is your tiara ?
Can we just turn this into the wheelchair basketball playoffs because of these knee injuries?
PM / Project Manager in FL / Florida for BI / Business Intelligence assignment. Must be PMP / PMI Certified and have experience with Cognos
Lmaooooooo.......what u know bout that life youngin
All my girls are learning French in the living room right now, thx Berlitz.
Tryin 2 get more raw foods into my diet - Just made a green smoothie: almond milk, granny smith apple, spinach, celery & almond butter. Yum!
be proud, brother!
Yeen Neva Lied.! Nd I Miss You Too. We Gotta Do Some Soon.!
Fat Chicks always talking about Losing Weight, but got a Desk Full of Snacks! Sure they Low Calorie, but you ate the WHOLE BOX
ha I'm on a schedule I guess but I still have about 15 minutes left in me
aww, i'm great, but, sory, i dont remember :( who are u?
good question!
Brooke on Marshall: "A very great gentleman who inspired trust but did not impress me by the ability of his brain."
If u don't feel jay Z is one of the best to ever do it I highly suggest u listen to more hip hop or rap ! Personal opinion
3rd has started at the Resch
but like I said to my AE work is very limited, should I make it seem like thats all ive done? feels like lying
Did you find your 65 for 30x500? I'm on the edge of my seat here. :)
His name is Bill but they call him."Chicken George".
Cool! Codestock is such a fun conference.
Watch the CUNY VOTES Campaign Kick-Off at www.cuny.edu.
O poo I failed the drivers knowledge exam, I almost passed too!
M: "there are 348387430248 reasons" // J: "remember them"
": Thanks For Following Us.!! <3 -Krissy™ :)"You Guys Are So Welcome.!! <3 :)
good luck :)
I am looking forward to the day when "ads are tailored to me!" And I will <3 it as Jeff Jonas predicts #g2e Keynote
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (9)
I can feel the love.
inappropriate touch cringe
Last night, as I was crying over the sad events in GA, your tweet about the elevator was only thing that made me laugh. Thanks.
big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall. WFUV will be recording both!
Too nice out not to break out the grill and cook up some steaks! Oh yea, Go Packers!
Proactive customer service: reaching out, asking what customer thinks, how to meet needs. Interactive Customer Comment Board does this!
not that i dont get it in for the blondes
THINK'N BOUT GOIN SINGLE #3_11_12 ?????/
It takes two to tickle. Lighten up!
Don't talk to me?
Oh my Gosh! #iPearStore is a TRENDING WORLDWIDE!! Congrats ! :D
The Syrup Festival was a hit...enjoyed seeing my friends in Henderson
I should switch school or do school online...
I'd say that a donkey/Lamborghini-owning, eephus-tossing, recreational oboe player is worthy of his own film.
Thomas Jefferson hated dogs. Discuss.
just stop austin
Softball practice + fashion show practice back to back= absolutely exhausted!!!
Goooaall! Hey hey hey
One Fine Day, because it is SO bad.
that was a good one lol
The smell of fresh strawberries is a pleasant touch in the morning! Wishing the smell of waffles was following behind!
yay!! Is it still raining??! It's been raining for five hours now and it doesn't look like it's gonna stop!! :D
You would. Just imagine a no goalscorer acca
Oh yeah doing nothing at home!!!!! :D Lol I suck
We just got in 2 huge boxes of your FAVORITE yoga/activewear today! Lots of Shorts, crop leggings, tanks & more. great colors too. hurry in!
I really can't wait for the boyfriend music video honestly it looks amazingly epic :)) !!!!!!!!!
we miss you too.
Safe to say the Kings are outshooting the Coyotes
I about spit my coffee out when I was watching that video of you and your friends dancing, you special boy.
I can't even imagine what you are going through on a daily basis...
I Love reading the 1st Epistle of John..I may have to memorize it..
im eating dinner!
well something went well for someone after school...
Anyone hear of the"family farm" in oz? This could be roots new farm. What a great combo.
*shakes head* Such a talent and sad end. #IWillAlwaysLoveYou Whitney.
The holiday beer? That would be Dos Turtles, aka Two Tortugas Belgian Quad.
Hmm... I've never had Rooster...
LOL What kind of society do we live in where we can't get ANYONE to rage at us! 0_O
for my mom haha not school
Not sure this qualifies as 100% chance of snow
First visit to -- employees were a great help, and now I have a clean dog!
Appreciate the follow
#dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar #Phierce come on guys RT
To err is human. To forgive is against company policy.
Any time!
no actually I didn't..I know about the abortion but., really that's about it..
You better believe it.
Good work
Giribaldi &amp; Manaras, P.C. of Delaware County, PA is Looking for ...
Everyone has their bad days. Just don't forget to smile. A smile can brighten anyone's day.(: Talk to you later.
Just an FYI, Rhythm & Jazz Radio is not available at this time due to the Live365 Network server crashing. RNJ will be back ASAP.
That awkward moment when I stopped giving a fuck about everyone I went to high school with.
My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness
wants 1500 followers by May 1! Help us reach our goal: follow & RT so u & ur friends can get inside info on everything LATW!
Ima start gonna making changes day by day , instead of trying to do it all at one time...
Photo talk of the Day: constantly copying files digital files will decrease pixel memory.. giving you less to work with when editing!
Thanks Steve!
I'll be at the Driskill around 6:30 to find the dinner horde. Phillip.
I'm going to hack "someone's" Twitter since they always wanna hack mines. *cough cough* BJ.
“: Girl, your face is not a coloring book. Chill with the make up.” lies!!
i stand correctly on my last tweet. guess his suspension is up. coming off the bench tho
You know what's a great Friday night activity to do alone when you're a pansy? Watch Saw 1-10. Alone. Who's with me on this?
RSVP for the Boyle Heights Walking Tour on July 24th! RSVP!!
": Blessed to see another one" Morning! #WnB lol
Made my 11/11/11 11:11 wish on him. I promised myself after this im done wishing for him. .
Damn I remember when me and my dad use to be heavy tight...we are still close but not like we use to be what happened.? :/
What do you wish you had the time to explore?
down for #AERA2014 in Mexico City!?!?! #wishfulthinking during #AERA2012 #sigh yet
They clearly aren't watching enough Glee.
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf33 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Be sure to watch. We're right by the band, second row on the end!
O lawd Justin Bieber has gotten so sexy *fans self* lmao.
Can't wait to see tonight!!!!!! Welcome to the Brew City!
Last day at work before the holiday break! I am so excited! #happyholidays everyone!
Thank you to everyone who made DC & #g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride. See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
I was shooting for a little something around 5'11, I'd be good with that
ODOT will be using message boards to warn drivers about Rose Garden traffic tomorrow. NCAA games could create traffic tie-ups.
Hope my heathen friends behave themselves in service. In 2010, one said a bad word during silent prayer bc she ripped her top when turning.
We miss u! From all these bums at the Marriott :P lol
Obama causing hella traffic
I make sure pipers has a tv ready..
We're okay with that :)
I know right! It'd be so awesome getting a professional massage! :)
Get off the plane to find the Phillies scored 13 runs! ...and lost.
Enter to win THE MUSIC STORE tickets, a My Nappy ROOTS t-shirt, and a natural hair care gift bag 3pm at tomorow's screening
Glad we didn't have Twitter in the 90s to voice our anger re: GrapesofWrath,Trumpet ofthe Swan. Cuz now we work in publishing
I'm telling ya, Maron's holding a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers! Save him! YOU'RE NEXT!!
I feel sorry for Laviolette. Ha!! Yeah right!
Google Calendar experts. I want to generate single URL to publish MULTIPLE calendars. Found way to generate embed code but not a URL. Clues?
Unfortunately not for this concert. We will likely record the piece later this year, though.
& who wasthat ginger I saw u walking with today. Yall seem....friendly.
Missing. Championship caliber basketball team. Came within 2 games of the ring last season. Last seen on Wednesday. If found, fire coach
I legit think I kill more animals with my car than anyone else. I just killed a bird.. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6>
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
maybe you should smoke a blunt.
Beautiful day in Philadelphia
the cat has been getting out the past few nights, we don't know how, and kid has been yelling at us 3 cool roommates about being careless...
Awh man! I didn't get tickets either so I'm just going to "walk around Seattle" and hopefully I "accidental" bump into them :)
"Welcome to my Curly World: The Jason Fried Story " will be the title of your Lifetime made-for-TV biopic.
that means a lot to us, thank you very much :+)
Wow! Way to go Hilltoppers!!
So how did u do?
I Me Want Him Dead ( But I don't )
Thanks for tweeting this. Shadowrun is one of best.
Single??? We have enough wax for you... Come on in for V-Day tomorrow. We will take care of you
Not IRL, but following along on Twitter and Web!
Obama ...well all of em, say "were gonna create jobs" And people just blindly cheer. Don't question how.
Would it be unprofessional/inappropriate to Tweet the simple fact that I love ?
One day I will sound at least 1/4th as good as Charlie Parker. I don't care if I'm like 80 it will happen
RT : Ahahha Google homepage. I like it.
Sure: Load of Fun Theatre Project Area 405 Gallery Four Hippodrome Centerstage Everyman The Meyerhoff The Lyric
I just prayed for the first time in many moons. Lets hope someone/thing out there heard it.
I just kissed my television screen
You're welcome! Thanks for the follow back. Hope you're having fun in the neighborhood!
Wen a woman begs u it's ha heart that's love not her mentally
I wish I had a lady
i saw the most gorgeous dress today and its going to end up in my closet very soon <3
It'd be so weird if it were LA v. LA in the western conference finals
FANTASTIC execution on the first pitch safety squeeze by Gomez! Love the call.
Special thanks to , and all those who attended Fri. night's SMILE, HON No. 14 release party at Balto. Book Fest!
I remember that when I was in college in MN (considerably south of you!) the worst snow storm was on May Day.... IT'S WRONG.
“ Naw i dont miss you i miss the moments ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
We want to better analyze service desk interactions, reference vs. directional. Anyone have good form for this? Is it electronic?
i see you watching
All shall pay homage to the Emerald God! Pay your respects and set ablaze the mossy gifts of our crystalline messiah to honor her holy day!
hoping to use you for an expert in an upcoming segment. Can you DM your # my way.
: I know what you mean. But that one is more "stopping the time".On this one what I like is the thought of living it all at once.
Thanks goes out to Mark Barreres of WebPromotion.com for bringing in the players on Smartguy.com with www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
that's always good iits i guess the same here heading to Miami right now
Can't wait to watch the Hawks demolish the Pies tonight, watching all the way from Sacramento, California!!
I could whoop your ass, legit stuff too. 1vs1?
Is sixers over the bulls a joke? I dont see any upsets not counting 5 over 4. Nuggets over lakers is most likely
Who r U Waiting For lol
#Spurs Game Night React airs at 10pm LIVE from the studio downtown!
hope you have a great day :)
real shit, I fuckin love her music.
Love the picture with Daisy! :)
GRIND-ING!!
NPR's "Following Claire Chase: A Week in the Life of a Working Musician" npr.org/blogs/therecor…
#ThoughtsDuringSchool what am i learning?
hahaha...your *auto-correct* isn't working..unless u truly hope he does die well....hahaha
- I joined twitter to read your feed and now I might be addicted. Eek! It's 3:30am!
well done. If you find any motivation in that let me know... I seem to have misplaced mine.
There's a drummer next door, be good Carole
I Can't Stand When I Am At Church And Women Be Rolling On The Ground Crying. I Understand You Feel The Holy Ghost But That Ain't Necessary.
MBS MID-DAY: Grinding Near Best Levels Of The Day
Just finished math STAAR, can I chill all day and listen to Carrie underwood, and other various artists while I sleep?
I like how the kids who watch #WWE didn't know H first came out as a snobby aristocrat
I'm not an early-adopter! Don't judge me!
click this
Today is a good day XD
k voted :P
The Sarah Parrott dresses are $19.95 at H and M. Definitely grabbing one.
"Do you have extensions?" No!
RT : People don’t serve leaders. Leaders serve people.
that's cool
Don't forget to come to #BTTR tomorrow Tuesday at NE 127 st & US1 5:30-10pm! One of the best #FoodTruck roundups in #SoFla, if not the best!
Doh. Map reminded me to remember the deep connections between disparate places because of our desire for cheap
Every choice has a consequence, whether it's negative or positive. It's up to you to choose which one you can live with. --Diana Gonzalez
Supper and ice skating with BBQ, black n blue....!!
Never get your ceiling fixed, gives you something interesting to watch during the boring ones.
Ready for the #NFLDraft tomorrow and the
Tissues are for runny noses, not unfilled bras
We must become the change we want to see.
One adderall later: new and reorganized itunes, picture collage, and summer todo completed... What essay?
i think its a cigar beer rooftop kinda night
Blocking out time in my schedule to write next week - hoping to resurrect the Lilipip newsletter!
Cleaning garbage off our beach in Mexico. Smarten the hell up cruise ships!!
Writing some cool tunes
X- men a classic!!lol
Totally unnerving
online shopping is the way to go...get that xmas shopping started!
Ditto that RT Can it possibly that most amazing time of the week?!! #wineWeekend #wineOclock and #amazingweather > Trifecta
I just pray that you dont let me down right now it's too late.
Test tomorrow, classes...then special time with Colton! <3
Larry King retired last night from CNN at age 77. Why is this significant? It's not really, but who the hell knew Larry King was only 77?
no i do not =[ I have some stuff, but i work at a recording studio! haha www.gcraudio.com check it out let me know what you think
your coming home?
“How To Rock a Birthday Party” is airing on Saturday, April 14, 2012 at 8:30/7:30c, and we’re in for a good time!
“I envy people who drink - at least they know what to blame everything on.”
HAPPY NEW YEAR IN CALI!!! (and pacific time ppl(:)
if you want a nice friend go follow he's great Rt if you did and i'll follow you
You do me ANY kinda way. I'm on da flo' starvin.
Chris Gasper reports that both Jerod Mayo and Vince Wilfork were present for the media portion of practice today!
Where's everyone taking their mother today? I need some ideas for lunch.
Voting isas imoprtant as our right to peaceful gathering. Let's vote!
Headed to the Victory Poker poker tournament at Lolita's for some live play!
Society got these people brain washed , but I won't let it get to me .
Haha. That's awesome.
I can relate. You will however miss the warm water and nice beaches, but the trade-off of the SoCal lifestyle is worth it.
ur mom is from Thailand? I grew up there! What's her name is it long?
YES. “: Torry and I are singing with the Seattle Rock Orchestra this weekend! Over a 1000 tickets sold, get em soon!”
Workout time since I'm bored.
updates its #salescomp dashboards daily to give reps real-time motivation
-are you mad that i don't want you or is that you can't have me?!
in-app Twitter search is timing out, with no results
<U+2665><U+2665>You don`t know how much it hurts when he finally tells you who he likes & it`s not your name...<U+2665><U+2665>
i know a lot of people who resemble dinosaurs
Yes, you should take the free hot air balloon ride. It's not as scary as you think. What state are you in?
"No one has ever become poor by giving." ~ Anne Frank
Art is not about thinking something up. It is the opposite - getting something down. Julia Cameron
Anyone want to have their video placed on the first page of our site? Follow for more details!
Had a great day #Christmas shopping! Can't wait to listen to the #Hanson Christmas album & wrap presents!
is putting the first stickers on my new StartUp Center. It's a hub of entrepreneurship, doncha know?
YES. Lemme know what you think of it. My favorite horror film from the past year.
#What2ChainzWouldSay ITS TRUUUEEE...I SAID YOUR BABY DADDY WACK...CAUSE I BUY YOUR GLUE ALL YOUR TRACKS!!!!
thanks for the #FF love!
watching larry crowne and dreaming about a diner breakfast
I'm from New Jersey, but I'm currently living in a hick town known as West Virginia -_- . lol u?
Damnn, this grown man was really about to get in a fight with the ref haha
I think y'all women are crazy from the moment the sperm hits the egg & yall begin to grow
I saw that, I wanted to be, but it's not MD here yet, ha RT : #shoutout to he told me Happy Mothers Day first :)
was she cool back then like she is now?
Good luck!
8 am and I'm still going strong!!!
we're setting up a elementary/middle school partnership right now. Let's share ideas. When is your presentation?
Ceilings and Ceiling Treatments are just as effective at defining space as are floors, flooring materials and walls.
why did you drop out of school ?
Immediately thought of you!
ActiveRecord now has a "pluck" function to pull a field from a DB table as an array, optionally uniquifying the results.
sweep sweep sweep
don't you think the arcana of numeric computing in floating point is more of a barrier than the ability to read formulae?
love is like taking a dump. sometimes it goes smoothly, and some times you have to give it a nice hard slimmy push.
just barely! I hope it passes before I get back to Austin. But nice to have rain ...
I am listening to Luther Vandross, Anita Baker, Maxwell and Kem. Can't get any better
Happy Birthday :) i hope you have a absolutely amazing day today!! <3
I can't even front! I never expected this!!!
dude! You gotta! The show is at night do you work during the night?
Whoa! Congrats on the spread!
Writing my research paper about you . About how you're a big part of American History& your impact on others<33
enjoying my last day of summer, enjoyed watching my favorite shows and now its time to get back in business.
SHIT! that last tweet was supposed to be
#swamppeople is on at the gym .. Why are they shooting gators? Am I missing something?
wow that's somewhat mesmerizing!
#kids TeenScene Movie at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 4:45p: Teens in grades 6-12 are invited to enjoy hit movies on the big...
Wasn't able to tweet last night during #PinkRibbonsInc since there wasn't any signal, but it definitely deserves a blog post sometime soon!
#ImHappyWhen I see your face <3
Omg teen jeopardy is a joke...
2012 no shirts no shame
trade him to Seattle for Figgins.
Aww Man. I would never Ever EVER EVER Look thru no female picz
Idea's for a friday:Never and I mean NEVER talk in a different language to your friend's because if you do they will think you're cussing...
And we're off... go Chargers!!!
i taught a bon iver meditation/stretch class all laying on the floor.
Looked at my Facebook pictures yesterday.
Always a good sign when your party's drink order leaves the waitress in a state of moderate shock.
#gcyale 's preference for"hard" over "soft" censorship is related to "speech" and "conduct" line in 1A. (1/2)
can i get a HOLLA?
I think that song is about us.
no, i don't. i started by saying a group reply is acceptable. Nymeth is queen at responding to multiple people n single comment
GRAB TISSUES!!!!! and something to cheer u up after <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> n like grab your mom cuz you'll need a hug like seriously it's messed up!
RT : How much woodchuck could a woodchuck chug if a woodchuck could chug woodchuck?
Dog treats from total hit with the pooch! Always good to have extra incentive on hand
Look for ways to transfer risk to suppliers, customers, or investors.
Seriously Bill France Jr. is talking about asphalt like the way grounds keepers talk about grass in Baseball!!!
What a Silly Negro - Eddie Murphy
“: Just got my new elevator on Tiny Tower. #YouCare. I will force today to be a good day.” I do care!! :)
We have coyotes in our neighborhood. I've named them Bernie and Claudette. Reason number 47 why Los Angeles is never boring.
nothing much. Wrapping up a release on some new music I put out. How r you?
How do you deal with a toenail that looks like it wants to fall off??
Luke Bryan always knows how i feel <33
Things like that keep me happy...not national championships like KU
Nope, I am last, it would seem... still last, just like gym class.
#FF [new Twitter account for Urban History Multimedia, the digital arm of the journal Urban History]
Re-enacting the Nirvana 'Nevermind' cover would have only been slightly awkward. And a chance for redemption, at that. This one, though...
White girl poured up Dat mad dog twenty twen in a wine glass.
#questionoftheweek will #occupyoakland benefit or harm Oaklands rough reputation?
IF U TURN UR BACK ON A FRIEND DID U WASN'T A FRIEND TO BEGIN WITH
doesn't want to go?
oh, thank you! I'm getting way to long!
I love your wallpaper<3 its all the rage!!!! xD
And now a blind woman is chasing my grandmother's dog with a stick, yelling "Get!"
I just think they have more time on their hands.
This is the perfect fall day: crisp & sunny. I'm complementing it by wearing a scarf and boots.
I'm not sure, but I'll find out. Are you a google school? Those schools can start trying it tomorrow.
sure lol , i smell like dog
I'm in Tampa but thinking about the #Spurs / Rockets game tonight. Show love to who is tonight's arena host.
#Amen - Meek Mills & Drake >>>
If Jesus ever asked me to just quit home school and marry him, I so would, but who would marry us? It would be kinda weird for the priest
hahahaha that's an excellent point. There's no way steroids could give someone that much ability. He's just suspicious.
me too
Natasha from bat for lashes just walked into via tribunali and we're all freaking out! God we're dorks.
certainly! But I'm also talking about other options and mindsets, a change that becomes part of our culture and way of life.
and I'm getting instagram TODAY
I'm in the building and I'm feelin myself
Welcome to Green Bay. Youre joining a solid TE corps. Congrats!
Trying to get to the shopping centre before it opens (: haha idk y
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the AWESOME (and tireless!) Moms out there - we think you ROCK!
BTW, Anthony Wagner? Sounds familar. Any relation 2 Linda Wagner, formerly of SD now CV?
oh cool! I picked the wrong year to skip, sounds like. Glad to hear it went well for you guys.
I hope everyone has a fantastic new years <3
Note: We have not "cut back" to one fireworks show as some news folks reporting -- we've just had one (12 am) since '08.
Valentines day wipeout is the funniest one yet hahaha
Check out the event video from Wendesday's Orlando vs Steak - 72oz Steak Challenge!
I'm feeling kind of down today but Idk why....
It's always refreshing to listen to an entrepreneur with a sense of humor. thanks Ben.
I been checking my grades all day n 1 professor still ain't posted my grade
Damani please go to bed. -Your prego mother<3
haha #canthelpit it is a disease I live with everyday! Hahah
God Morning/ Afternoon!! I am sitting watching Oakland/Texas in March Madness!!! Coffee is hot!!
I got another shirt
PA lol my school is located in the boonies
wide awake thinkin bout my next move
decisions! decisions! Great television is the best. I'm just happy we can watch later.
There are chunks of sugar in my waffle. I'm happy.
Seriously, I need baseball to start before I get caught up in watching Housewives & wedding shows..
Wish me a broken leg! Arsenic and Old Lace opening night under way!
New account. Follow ! (: i follow back! ^__^
Blackhawks must have stopped in the MSG team shop and bought Lin shirts to wear under their jerseys tonight
what you got goin
So who is this Zayne Malik character and why is he famous again??
I wish I nu some mo
Didnt buy the missoni dress and cardigan with the intention of selling on ebay..but can u blame me? That just paid for the flats&pumps I got
loving friday already! its been a long week im ready fro the weekend!
THE DIRTY COKE VIDEO IS FINALLY HERE!!!!
It is changing, you just can't see the forest through the trees. Ya dig?
OK NO WORRIES I CANNOT!! hahh we can just walk the streets as always !
Tell Yo New Followers To Follow Me
your junk is a little too close for comfort <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Is it 5 yet...is it 5 yet..is it 5 yet?
We'll soon roll out a way for you to take your #Netbadges with you! Stay Tuned! Netbadges is badging the best of the net!
poor Robert Mathis is going it alone. I wish he could have gone somewhere else too
Creativity is not about public recognition.
mee to!!!! we should have a deal! whenver we tweet each other, include his name so he can see us?ok??loveyeah!
"still being fukin friendly"
Yeah, I'm the guy that looks silly getting a sody pop out of the machine using nickels and dimes.
“: I'm either #badgirlsclub or I'm nothin...” truth!
See if you can channel some of that mental clarity of this way. I am doing better than usual
Ok who sells Easter Stuff in February are u serious lol is Easter coming early this year
RT I am bypassing college to enter the Orane Leaf manager trainee program
Haha! Just got a call from friends making last minute travel plans. They'll be here in two days.
I'm really getting tired of shuffling everyday make it stop!!!!!!
"the penis enlargement people have taken over our tools"
ManpritK love you too man. I probably will since I have my own money and ill make sure to get an id
I'm sorry, but if I don't know you AND you don't know how to capitalize your name, I will not be accepting your LinkedIn request.
Tell My Mother In-LAw Love Her ;)
Can you follow your army from spain? I LOVE YOU. <333
"Hi Guatemala" is trending right now!!
Steve Guy and representing the show and running karaoke at Euclid Tavern tonight!
More evidence of how bad sugar is...one sugary drink per day and 20% higher risk of heart disease.
Why Fort Bragg Shooting So Late ? Like Stfu !
remember the pic I told you about?
wow huge run good that the tech at the end of the half was on dirk
ST-Ericsson reports first quarter 2012 financial results - Reuters
Come watch España vs Mexico 1pm
we got to do this college spring bling tour again Spring Bling 4th year!!
The lady in front of me in line just bought $300 worth of coronas... Just coronas. Noting else. Happy #CincoDeMayo to her!
i wish they had foursquare in the afterlife- i just want to see where people would check in. if they remake ghost- they should add that!
: Boosie on trial 4 murders of multiple black kids n its #FreeBoosie. Everyone hates Zimmerman 4 killing 1 black kid?I'm lost!
there are pedagogical issues inherent to any consideration of toolkits
UNITY wishes to thank Toyota and CZ for this opportunity. A great opportunity to reach out to the community.
Stay hungry, stay healthy, ba a gentleman, believe strongly in yourself and go beyond limitations.
At #MANA concert with .....jz missing :(
Well I don't know... worst offender of the use of coed is a photo-finish between Rush Limbaugh and the porno industry.
After only 2 hrs in immigration line , yes! :) Happy to see you tomorrow at 9!
i dont understand why your crying? theres nothing to be sad about.
Beginning 2 day offside with idea2results team - fun, brainstorming & strategizing ahead!
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Awesome! First demo is in Python - from students WHO'VE NEVER CODED IN PYTHON BEFORE.
Thanks Seth! I tried that. It just made the generic sound lower.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
Ridge Racer finally out on VITA. Time to Race!
I've fallen back in love with #sineadoconnor. The new album is gorgeous.
Not a big fan of you Monday! Reminds me of everything I don't want to do this week!
note:: will eventually return to former topics of corp mgmt, ethics, writing, education, film & sports, but #trayvon rocked me to core.
You are most welcome on the follow :) Hope you have a great night!
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble georgian,2days WORD:aappirlsa HINT:value "Secret 2 happiness is lower ur expectations!" charle mungr
Oh ok. Lol.
I love 's New Song Frick Park Market, Can't wait til Blue Slide Park album comes out (:
Have you tried the wood roasted chicken served daily at Nightwood Restaurant in glamorous East Pilsen?
Wow... enhancements like status in serp will accelerate g+ adoption big time...
you know i did!
I admit, I'm having a ball finding DC area restaurants on Twitter. Making me hungry!
RUSHING IT !
#GamesToDescribeSex can only be- poker
Thankyou :) OMG! I can't believe how much you look like Harry! Marry me lol!? ;)
BIG BIG RESPECT TO YOUR MOVEMENT!! Vegas is watching...
At least you're at a smaller store. Hate it when I'm at a huge store.
StoneAge stopping by The Venue in Allen! Fun place! Hope to announce something next week!
i hate being in cold air....
you're fking up the rotation
no, YOU hang up! lol, Look forward to seeing you again!
Nails painted badly! Woo!
Just checked out your video. I like - smooth chillin beaths. Thumbs UP
you done yet?
FUCK YES. VATER 4 Pack for 19$ THAT'S CHEAP AS FUCK. I buy single pairs of sticks for 10$ -_-
I'm a huge fan of the idea of trading down into the late 1st or early second and getting more picks. Could help get a FS too.
I haven't made the team yet. Today was just try-outs.
Dear slut, I'd love to kick you in the crotch, but I'm afraid I'd loose my shoe..
Thanks for the RT ! I KNEW you'd love hearing that :D
A tree fell on my house today. Fml
They share a car! #rockinruralwomen Last question!
ma'am
“: Ash's primary Pokémon was originally Clefairy, not Pikachu.” I cant even imagine that!
#adobe customer service the worst. trying to get a refund for a defective product. they use chat to tell you they'll email you. really?
RT "When small men begin to cast long shadows, it is a sure sign that the sun is setting." - Anonymous
yeah, I've never had a solid data signal in NYC. Cool concept though, doesn't mean I wouldn't try them out
do u have a website(personal one)?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I saw a slide once that showed the current universe of web mapping software. Could use that today. Can anyone point toward one like it?
Just about to head to bed.. lots of friends to hang out with tomorrow should be tons of fun
As a busy landlord your goal shouldn't be phone calls, it should be voice messages from informed prospects that you call on YOUR schedule.
I Love Having 's Song "Just A Friend" Stuck In My Head!!! I Love It So Much!!!! :)
Technology isn't going to improve anything. It's the users of HIT that will truly affect clinical outcomes. - Dominick Mack GA-HITREC
why am i listening to this stupid song incesantly -_-
Thats pretty cool. You enjoy rock mainly? :-) do you have access to youtube?
Bhagavad Gita~ One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men.
idk bree, I see you in theatre checking everyone out :o
awesome fish. You have too much fun
follow me please ?
Fantastic Jena! Many thanks.
Yes! What a freaking album! Amen!
yes, but what was the line emmer wouldn't say?
Eating pop corn and watching the with my princess
Thank you I think. Does this include the #thewalkingdead?
aha, she is hilarious!!!
The "Hebrew Israelites" can kiss my openly gay ass! They're a vile hate group, same as the Klan, with their leather drag and vitriol...
Great meeting today with Bob Cornelius at 90 Degrees PR firm getting ready for Santa Fe Fashion Week
I'm from FL and the raccoons with rabies will scrap with the cats too..
let's just book him for #Conji2013 and make all the haters happy LOL
started out here so yea lol it works better here
Brooklyn Nets????
thanks for the retweets and the compliments!
I'd like to give it back to you.
I got yu next time
I can only hope, Anna, that I find such interesting people to laugh about on my flights today.
Goodnight Bellingham for the last day this week. I will miss you!
Cool hopefully I get to see you before you leave this time
First day of school...less freedom..setting my priorities..this will be a great semester.. :)
hoping i win $50 in bucks, you can do, just follow them!
You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty. ~ Anonymous
goodbye, graceful. I'm so grateful you helped me through my twisted ways when I was in my darkest days. #FIR #ronnieradke <3
UmmmHmm Too Much Playing ..
You know what I hate cleaning my fish tank.
Was just told city hall is in lockdown...I am still inside. Weird.
Lol, so now you're trying to spin out of your murder threat. Classic.
Anyone want to share taxi from airport at about 330 local time today?
Just rode in Keenan's Jeep with him!
Kudos to Eli and the Giants
Yes, I'm giving Jason & my team free hugs in the conference
You don't know Primanti's?? Headed to Soundcat in Pittsburgh. Hoping to score a Joey Ramone single. And you?
Going into the 6th quarter of my MBA, I've been assigned the first textbook available for Kindle.
at exactly 2pm. we sold every item at our bake sale, thanks for all your support! (:
my Mom says she gets on Twatter once a week to read your tweets, specifically.
No prob, thanks for the follow back RT : Thanks David! We could appreciate it man!
follow and please :D x4
Everyday counts. Work hard everyday and push from Sunday to Sunday.
Kolby your bday is coming I will buy my car and say fuck you nigga
Please oh please let this be true RT ...Nerlens Noel will announce he's signing with #Georgetown tonight.
The people at this health fair said I was 5'5" last year but now I'm 5'4" again. Eck, haha
oh we
Santa Monica steps!!!!!
Amelie39s House Painted baby shower cake - baby shower cake designs
My daughter will be teaching 7th grade @ a new school in Chi starting tomorrow & the teachers get brand new ipads!!! Coolness:)
: I need Someone good in my life someone to be mine and to have fun with. Being lonely sucks buttcheeks!
Is $RARS next? Come on Crazy Penny!
my mom was like "are you SURE you are gonna still like them?" and I'm like. "obviously mom"
sure is! And we are open! Order through for the deal!
after a long hard day at school, that's what I'm talking abouut (:
Q: if CRUD is a webservice/SOA anti-pattern, then why the hell is REST considered so 'valuable' even tho its CRUD-over-http? (via )
Huge congrats on having your great novel made into THE movie of the season! I want2know if Clooney is as goodlooking n person
My muscles tense and my breath quickens overtime i drive in the direction of that big blue building
North Ave is open today!!! Delivery all day!
I still can't believe #AmericanIdol gets more votes then
Thanks for the follow Steven. Let me know if you would like to talk about technology services from a student perspective.
:D I freaked out.
YOU OLE PUSSY ASS NIGGA YOU AIN'T NEVER GOT DIRTY ! OH YOU BANGIN NOW ?! WHY YOU WAIT TO DO IT IN YOUR 30s
Fuckin horrible day im going to fucking bed.
Thanks to and my buddy in Raleigh, NC as the can be heard there now Sat. Nights from 8P-12A!
Xcode needs achievements: "You've successfully typed the block declaration syntax from memory 10 times in a row!"
BUT I HAVE TO GO TO CLASS ON FRIDAY MORNINGS :(....NOT SO HAPPY ABOUT THAT ONE.....
#Jesus #quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but #God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
If you truly care about your people, hold them accountable.
Remind me again who you root for.. is it JERSEY or Rangers for this series?
because I can!
#NP "Oxygen" by my big brother available NOW on iTunes!!! Go get it peeps.
I'm here now!
": "Tonight we are all getting pregnant" ". Round two pipi?! Lol
seidenberg might be the strongest man in the
Another day of setup in Hawaii for the #ALAconf and starting to see attendees + exhibitors arrive. Welcome!
Natural Law # 1 ~ After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch and you'll have to pee.
Watch our friend Chef Pippa Calland on Chopped airing today (saturday) on Food Network at 6 (est) / 3 (pst)
#epicfail RT : I don't know who you are tho lol RT : needs to text me ASAP lol
I want Eli Manning's team to win since I Love Peyton Manning and the Colts lol #TeamColts #ManningBrothers :-)
#endoftheworldconfession even though I don't fuck with her no more... I still got mad love for her
Got any flesh?
If you tasted us our flavor would be Sweaty Denim.
about 25 min away...
I wish there was an Instagram filter with my prescription so that people with good vision could understand how blind I am.
Hahahahahahahahhahahahaha,you're funny
RT : Anyone following updates on VC funding of education should use #eduvc so that we can keep track of each other.
i know but my daughter gets to be on the field for opening ceremonies gets introduced on the jumbo tron and what not
get happy ova no female because i had my share of women
true! Lol &i live by the sprouse twins,emma roberts,ne yo &i go to school by the kardashians
Drink specials all day $2 PBR, cheap jager and jameson! Cozy and colorful and ready to fullfill all your dreams.
RT : I just witnessed try to pull a Travolta on
maybe im just TOO genuine and committed?.
Got a show tonight in Santa Monica. The Basement Tavern, 8:30 pm. Gotta love the west side.
“: ": lol"i do lol and my ppl stay in McKinney woman”lol idk anything about McKinney.
Who are the other two?
Haiti tickets booked! I can't believe my first official work trip is international :-)
Wrong place wrong time. Jeff Gordon just cant catch a break this year. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
its just one of those days
My Pleasure...RT : Thank you for the RT, Brian!
Someone certainly did.
“: OHSAA hockey: US and St. Edward going to overtime, 2-2.#pdvarsity” YES!!
Taking it easy before work. Very tired.
Years later remember joy of holding tiny son for 1st time. When babies become political football have serious problem.
i called in! may need you to explain the web entry so i can see your slides! thanks for the reminder!
is the koolest kat in the aly way! Get it?!
Every single thing that comes out of Kasey's mouth on The Bachelor Pad is amazing.
Hope Zoe is ok
33 in one day? I was feeling proud of myself for finally going over the 100 mark. You win the prize. Hint: It's
hope you chanted our mantra this morning! I overslept!
That looks good, I'll take one please!
what time do you
We's @ Sparky's Landing Steph.
My dog (Maya) has a new friend and personal assistant. I just bought a Roomba Robotic Vacuum!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Almost all of my money always goes towards clothes/shoes.
What's up with Bleach on Hulu? Just finished 189, and 190 starts in the middle of a different story with no subtitles!
sure that works!
#BnBWed At G bar at 225 W 19th. Incredibly packed and were about to move on
Just Got In Our Latest #Skincare Line, , In #Flatiron! Drop By For Samples & A Consultation!!
Wonder how long this vid is going to take to upload to YouTube from my phone...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 4
crossing our fingers that we'll be hearing back from you. awesome giveaway!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 6
Looks like you've been hacked--changing your password would probably be a good move.
i love pizza well, i love italian food well, i love ANYTHING italian hahah especial italian boys :) <3
Long day in davis...time to nap it off and then get focus faced
Thanks Jeremy. It was much appreciated.
loving sophie and bugsy!
This is one true.
I woke up at 6 am to finally try and catch up on wedding planning...not ideal yet so necessary
Having a really messed up day...cnt take no more stress
It's been a long time since I been on a date! I should take myself to the movies tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Ok maybe next time. :-)
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That Chicharito injury is why you hold on to Dimitar Berbatov. Hard to keep a big name on bench but he was always bound to come in handy.
great tweet sam - thx for sharing! i always learn so much from your posts & tweets.
just checked out your music and it's amazing!!
Can't build a empire on a weak foundation
im actually SO proud of you for stepping in on the disney situation. you're an inspiration, keep speaking up girl <3
Options can be used to create cash from stock assets in a variety of market conditions
Doing my taxes finally (I owe) and as I get the bad news, my iTunes shuffle starts Imperial March from ESB.
Ikno love crazy so I ain't even gon judge you , really had love for you wasn't just trynna f#ck you but you be dumb if you want to .
I fuckin luv you Daniel!!! You are amazing!!!! <333
RT "social tv is growing faster than twitter and facebook" - Our on stage now discussing the feedback loop of
Demos are 10-deep with interested onlookers here!
commercial real estate #CRE is doing fabulous in NM - apartments are hot! hows your business?
about that. I plan I hanging there till 8ish at least.
Do you have experience in #health and #technology and are a seasoned writer? Msg me for details on guest blogging for !
You guys hear Snooki stole a baby?
haircloth berrylike: Vonage reports $14 million in income, loses ...
a girl thinks im cute :o what the heck!
I just want to take the time to appreciate you b/c you're amazing <3 I love you soo much. I hope you succeed! xoxo
Hope im not worrying for nothing!
Pretty cool, huh?! :)
We got into a film festival, might go to San Diego
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live- G.Flaubert
Will do! Wanted to see how this one went first :)
Awesome! Nice pic...i wanna ride!
u still on sexy
"eveybody's trying to fuck Jesus" -
Johnny 5 still alive.
very important to say YES to what u want & NO to the other
straight up now tell me do you really want to love me forever?
Going to watching Starcraft 2 commentaries.
This EDC is totally your scene lmao!! E bomb!! Fire in the hole! <U+E404>
Need too pee
stop it
I pray heavenly father asking u to bless those who has cursed & hurt me. I thank GOD for my trials & I honor u through showing love to all!!
MT : Want to help with zombie makeup for the Zombie Walk? Email to be a volunteer on…
The problem isn't writing about a writer; it's writing a character who does what you do may be writing one who won't do what you won't.
Happy Holidays 2 all of u
please follow me ariana: )
I just heard someone say "and a 1000 migwetches to everyone here"
AND all the panelists are here - VERY glad. I'm so over the no-shows. Too many panels with one or two speakers here this weekend.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Thxful 4 true friends! Always have my back!
Hard work pays off folks. Pay your dues and you will be rewarded.
Everyone Thinks i Should Do Acting? Ha ! Que Fonni!
blah, lowkey annoyed.
Saw The Help today. Just. So. Good.
U2 ;D
despite living in switzerland and seeing plenty of snow, this florida girl is still in awe and loves watching the snow fall
Is anyone else completely baffled by the editing on Fashion Star? They just leave contestants out as they seem fit. :-/
you're from Australia?!?
Sunday Sauce kickoff was a huge success. Thank you to everyone who came out tonight.
I encourage each and everyone of you to seek out opportunities to Elevate Others, in both your professional & personal lives. It is Amazing…
I DID! how do I know if im in the first 400?
Doing laundry watching "The Dead Files".
congrats, honey boo boo child!!!!
love OVs skating so far
Okay, okay, cool :D I'm so sorry about this :(
They say 2's company and 3 is crowd. Well fuck company cuz I like to socialize
Please send us a direct message with your contact information and we'll call you asap. Again sorry for the delay.
If she only knew..
Blaise Pascal: Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, happiness, which is everything in this world.
Where's the show kids?!?! We need to have you come back to this summer! Bring !!
Social media ROI is still evolving, but most promising form may come in form of savings.
wide-eyed walker, don't betray me, i will wake one day, don't delay me
Why do my cinnamon-apple empanadas taste fishy? Because they are, in fact, CRAB empanadas. Proves everything tastes good with ice cream!
me neither! ;)
Nice to see you are on twitter!
Wish I could join the #Little5 festivities this week but instead I work and have school
Welp, since I've been wide awake since like 4 I guess I'll go into work early? Frees up my afternoon at least...
Fair enough RT : Mormons, I don't hate u 4 your beliefs. Believe what u want. I hate u bc your faces interrupt my shows on Hulu
so you payed thousands of $ for him to sub to you? Hahahaha people are so stupid!
RT : I should've been there! "Harkens back to unconference topic from yesterday about relevance of online collections.
My pleasure.
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
Enjoy an Easter picnic in the park courtesy of the Cassa Hotel. Each picnic basket for 2 includes brunch breads, pastries & a picnic blanket
“: I really wish I had a twin” it's awesome, right
dying over here already and it's only 7. Gonna be a long night. Just hope we win to make it all worth it!
We used to sip 4-5 oz. cocktails (coming back, tho!), many complex and savory (low cal!). Girly name, hugely complex: Pink Gin.
organization is key
Wisconsin, you're just... Good!!
hm then mac n cheese:) hahaha :P
Big happy birthday S/O to turning 21!
just voted!! can we text in votes too??
I'm addicted to this, I can't
q2b) Train them how to map content to LOs
Hangin' at Element not far from #goosehollow. New bar. Nice drinks.
Workin on the birthday :/
I Like Muffin Tops,Buttered Toast,Milk Vodka, Saggy Mud Flop Boobies and Skiping To My Lou Down The Street
CNBC intro music: Long Way Down-Goo Goo Dolls....
to see. Specifically some friends from Louisiana are bringing a show
your performs on the KCA's was AMAZING!!! I was screaming in my house!!!!! Hahahah
I always get so much more done on the weekend. usually what would normally take at least 4 days!
Yes it is Josh!!!
things are looking up
Mutual agreement with value is a brand, relationship.
Congrats on the handsome son!!!!
i know i just find it ironic
What's your favorite grab and go breakfast place in Seattle?
It's a great day to take photos outside:) its so nice outside.
Do it! Do it! Do it! #GetSeanAndAlexaAPuppy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you and Carlos?
Running away like Zola - Times LIVE
Why use Indigo Mortgage? Because we are 100% certified NMLS (National Mortgage Licensing System) and you deserve the very best!
Oh come on rain! Some people have outside bike ride trainings to do! Oh well, I guess gym it is...
that or snorting a line of digital humanities. #mw2012 (the hard part is no one seems to be able to tell you what DH -is- ;))
3 paintings and 3 drawings packed up and shipped out to Santa Fe for a figurative show.
Maan what happened to my real niggaz
I've been thinking about this tweet. I'd love to see a reimagined "Fences" for 2012.
Im so proud of you <33 You kicked ass, you always do!! I love you gorgeous!!
Awww shit! I just made a dick move :/
lmao people think that?! That's so dumb like we like music for the sound and lyrics and whatever... #bitchesbetrippin ahahaha
or in the process you talk about something you forgot you didn't tell them about and they flip out... Haha <3 LOVE YOU!!!
Happy 'Distraction Free' Friday to you! #DFF :-) RT : Thanks for the mention ! Happy Friday!
Delicious summer evening... spent unlocking the secrets of Beethoven's pristine 4th piano concerto!
Baseball and softball size #hail here in Pharr, TX...from the sound of it my car is gonna be totalled.
I am GIVING UP
we have it every week
Hey Pimp in the box PLEASE STOP PLAYING THAT CALL I nearly ran off the road & my eyes r watering because of that call. WAR Glob War
Listening to 1D :)
IT 'S OFFICIAL: Kim Kardashian Ends The Show For Kris Humphries! (DETAILS) Summary: Kim Kardashian rushed to Minnesota to get closure fr
- You could win an iPad2 if you show up! Huge incentive!
#nwill2011 - wanted to update more regularly, take advantage of online tools, keep evaluation/assessment mechanisms with the training docs
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores (jmaqr)
thank you !:)
gonna try my hardest not to cry when i listen to #TurnToYou....but i know im gonna fail lol why do you do this to me
New changes to our menu are in progress. Come see the unique dishes our chef's have created.
Caquan/Mark/Andrew - Happy Veterans Day! Please know Americans agree on one thing - we appreciate you and pray for your safe return home
what ever you say i mean you are the smart one
You're very welcome. I'm glad you liked the book!
Ok now I'm sick of ppl asking me wht school I go to or whatever, damn it I graduated.
A putt to win the #Masters? I would be getting sick on the 18th.
hee hee RT : g'night to you too. Excited for you re: Android shirt. ;-)
let's make a record called "Honey Tracks"
- lol you always are !
best one yet? “: Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas. She declined, stating "I only ride coach!"
Since when you even cared? Since when you gave me a chance? Since when you treated me as a friend? Since when? Haizz..
ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
I started as a Mage, duel casting, destruction and healing. It rocked. Think I'm going assassin now.
Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode 2 came out today.
"I Wish" stuck in my head. <3
If Washington doesn’t act by July 1st, nearly 40k NM students will see their loan rates go up
teens react to Epic Rap Battles of History !!
We've also got Griffin Sharps From Oracle's Hamlet. AND the musical stylings of Library Ghost. It's all tonight, It's all free. check it out
The suspense is killing me!
wazzup!!! can u plz follow me??:O:D
That's because you hang out with #sabermeteric geeks!!! No Saber guy has won the Tournament to date...
#FF a few excellent #cycling people:
Tonight is awesome. Haha
The modal student right now is working and going to school to obtain their education.
The love of my life took me to hear David Wilcox in concert tonight for my bday.
Looking like a very short #chulavista council meeting tonight. One public hearing, contin. to 5/22. Already into councilmembers' comments.
If I talk about it, it might jinx it!!!
So happy to see you it's been much to long! Say hi to
And ME!
dont call him a dog im sure he likes to be called a bitch lol no sorry its a jk
oh wow... Thing of beauty.
just heard on .npr that interior secretary salazar had a major natural gas announcement. Shouldn't he keep that to himself?
Dissecting History
what do u have better to do I know bowlhogs but after that ur free
I gotta testify for the day I die ima touch the sky !!!!
Congratulations to The Portland Bottle Shop for your mention in the Devour section of the WW. Well done!
ah I can't wait that long! Are you going for sure?
Wait...does have a new mixtape coming out??
The New York Rangers are on their way folks
may need to make some sleepy time tea and force myself to sleep.
Thanks so much for the shoutout! Hoping to get more content up there soon :D
Passed pen and paper and have now completed Masters in Special Education with emphasis in severe disabilities as well a gifted education.
independents in the so called "pro marriage" camp have a reason to vote Romney.
its really great wit breakfast also
Just finished 9 mile run - time to recover!
2morrow u bring 1dollar 2 school and u can where any cartoon character shirt I'm dressing up spongebob shirt and spongebod hat and glasses
If Tammy was my friend whenever we going out to classy places she will get curved..
people really snitch on the limit?
Dear , I want you to give a seat, but make the man buy his own #Redbull. It's the least he can do.
Oh come on, it wasn't that bad! We had to be "creative" with our diet. Don't worry, I'll opt 4 the real thing now.
So tough! We actually have a post coming up soon on this very topic. Stay tuned! Best #nachos in
LAX is pretty bad.. D'OH!
THANK YOU to all the volunteers who worked so hard to gather over 1 million signatures for the
thank you! :)
Do you think she was the best choice? Some tweeters felt the performance should've been longer. Was the tribute rushed?
I want adventure in the great wide somewhere.
Michelle Bachmann sucks! Is there anyone who likes her?!
beautiful picture!
Thank you. Appreciate the follow up. I'm going to reach out shortly. Talk soon.
Trying out toe clips on my bicycle. Hoping to minimize the time spent lying on my back, in the road, like a turtle.
This is the 6th thanksgiving iv worked.
At BIM505. Albuquerque's premier BIM Group!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Why can't all girls have blonde hair and nice butts?
if i was making a website called mahonebook(:
Watching Space Jam haven't seen this movie since I was a kid
WE will lose more jobs if v do not assemble the best of usa to deal with serious issues. Do not ignore long term thinking.
It's an excellent name for a girl or a boy.
If this is ur pathetic attempt 2 draw attention 2 urself 2 gain more followers...it didnt work..and u look LAME.
Thx for the Sunday love Big Leo!
It's going to be a great weekend in Atlanta for
Billy Crystal! I hope this is his best on-screen turn since Miracle Max happened <3 #Rememberthat?
Leave them heels on and take everything else off.
Create space for another perspective or point of view. It can be remarkably freeing, and fun.
In love or just being tricked?
Im eating sabritones :)
Stop using so many fucking question marks.
i saw that bomb!
Long Island -> New Paltz
CORRECT: If u was really @ the club u would not be on twitter homie lol!!! When I'm at the club everybody n the club gettin tipsy lol
PickUpLine: I love you! Your place or mine?
I used to want to punch cyr in the face when he'd say "time to fail them all, or just ms. Velasquez"
evening walks with are like therapy. too many laughs to count!
Cross your fingers for no earthquakes today; I just paid for 4 hours of parking under the viaduct.
#Aquarians have something that you won't find in others. The mind, the body, the kind heart and the intense loving they'll give you
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that was a negative comments towards u in any way not sure if it seemed that way
“: should put up some live performances on YouTube!”
Waut I never heard him say that but you are my go to person on Shane lol
know an app for that?
for wat so u can get all da girls dey gone b like i cant talk to bryant u crazy u seen wat he did to tay gul<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Want more people to like you? It's simple. Buy tickets to see us this saturday at . It's gonna be the grandest of times!
You're lucky to have flex time! Sounds like a good balance. Have a great weekend!
Look forward to meeting Ben Stone from this morning Good to get an extra set of eyes on a work in progress!
Did you Move to Miami??(:<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
I can't wait for You should go follow or die in a hole!! :)
despite administration or dire structures, gthe library had an aura of "you want to be there"
Lesson of the day: It is phonetically impossible to word a haiku in Dutch.
Ryan is particularly interested in the cigarette butts!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
: Boring, no but I'm sure you're felonious in thought.
Just bought a camera.
Fabry Live appearance is Tue Jan 24 at 3 pm EST. taking calls starting at 4 pm. Hope you will listen and call!
sunny welcome to new followers and
RT - Adam Everett on my flight to Cleveland. Has been DFA'd by Indians. Not sure of his next step. Maybe retirement. Going...
ty! can't wait to play next sunday:) wish i could play more. gotta keep growing my wsop br.
He probably strikes out a lot less than Kemp too.
"all the drugs i abused, and im still not amused." -Blue Sky Black Death
Friday evening traffic in #Lacey...I know the Lacey City Council Trans Cmte is working on it...Oops they haven't met but twice this year...
When US military says action is by 1 soldier only - don't blame all of us, over a billion #Muslims think "that sounds familiar"
Big time #collegefootball so needs a #playoff system. But for now we have the Big crock of S*** otherwise known as the BCS. Hahaha
Heading up to Manhattan in a week...it better be cold. The bitter cold that bites your nose in New York City...
where is your new place Regina?
Christian Dan lost this week....What should his punishment be?? 222-6000
"Giving a TED talk has become the Oscar fantasy for smart people" -
Hi. Nice to find you here. Jaren (blip:qvigear ). Peace. Love, Health, Happiness.
note to self: bug alana about music in 2 weeks
Goodnight. 5 am will come early for the drive to Connecticut
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
Having fun! Great show!
1 for the Money, 2 for the Cash... If they ain't saying #yes tell em kiss my ass.
First, we must admit that Information is subject to the laws of Entropy.
Make sure to check out for the Boston flashmob. I can't go which is very depressing but it'll be fun! So go and join! x
What's your call for the game tonight? I say #HEAT!
RT : All I can control is the game face I bring to the table. The rest is about influence.... And attitude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needs more...panache. And gifs. Possibly kittens.
The window cling will stay up but may be hard to attach in the good window even for being on the inside.
des is fucking through
Just got back from walking with my F-R-I-E-N-D-S at a garage sale... bought the cutest piggy bank. :) Getting ready for a b-day party. <3
#iphone 4 or #droid bionic? I use my phone for everything - social media, texting, email, web, Outlook...
Lunch at Dairy Queen in Crystal City! Next stop Eagle Pass. Trivia: Some of No Country For Old Men was filmed there.
Disruptions: Innovation Isn't Easy, Especially Midstream - New York Times (blog)
Your self-driving cars link looks interesting, but it's a 404 error page. Self-driving cars need to be prioritized & implemented
I got my phone back girrlll(:
We are the variation of a community college, a technical college. My dept. does have some online but I won't do them.
Often silence is the best response to a question that is beneath one's dignity!
I'm looking forward to watching the softball game tonight !
Thank you!! Yes indeed, it does. I thought you might have info on your site, but couldn't think where to look.
Watching THS "Britney Spears"
I answered the Devils & Phoenix questions... anymore nuggets of wisdom on there I should answer?
Seriously, you and M should come out here for a little trip in Feb or March. Lots to see and we can put you up.
Silver Stars shooting poorly. Seattle Storm lead 38-22 at halftime.
Doing nonsense and bumpin The Doors.
Dentist again
wow, they're ace. Wait - you just made me get an app. Bastard.
back up in tha shop.. come through !
im busy
ya i am! i'm going to stay here most of it and vist my friends in atlanta for like a couple of weeks though
What colors are you going to be rocking this spring? Tweet us!
Let's Go Murray State I've got you going all the way.
Fuck my iPhone fell out of my pocket on the way out >.> at least it only added a lot more personality to the case :/
thanks. It was tasty...but brandy ended up working better than rye whiskey. Very Wisconsin German!
Kansas with the
dear god
Thanks so much for thinking of me.
found a bunch of new books to read and to order for our library from the galley chat with
There is no crime in being kind <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
me too! That house was amazing!
Your in Spy Kids 4. That's what happend to you.
My camera app on my iPhone isn't working…
“: Didn't you struggle to win agianst UNC at home last year? The same team UNLV beat easily.”<<How'd that work in March?
I can't sleep...... So I'm laying in bed bored out of my mind.
which location? Bummed to read this tweet.
aw thanks so much for the shoutout!
hahaha yup I know. I can't even remember what I put in, I think it was one of our weird monkey stories hahahaha
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~ Thomas Edison
If I were still in the media in AZ I'd closely study the exit poll data from yesterday to grasp the mood of the public.
I like the new design of website but my computer doesn't like it and won't let me pull up my town's weather :(
i wish i had friends from school that lived in my neighborhood besides the ones that do.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage
Nice job Eagle. Retweeting other news organizations breaking news is a good idea and smart way to create value. Nice.
May 22? Busy? Sponsor our tournament? Bring some weiners for our hungry playas? (21-35 yr olds that love 2 party). Yes?
Anyone interested in our "coffee and conversation" series coming up soon? Send me a message for more information!
Your welcome(:
thanks for fallowing!
Ik exactly what im getting myself into
What's good last-minute and easy tailgating food to feed 6? Something like a bucket of chicken, only not that...
Is there really any other stylish sorbet & gelato around? will be kickin' it in the #MomsFF Secret Style Suite!
EXTO... blue sky very soon
Ewkk , I regret the time that I wasted in his ass
That's crazy! I read about a prof requiring iPads in China goo.gl/rREkq and immediately thought "That would never happen here!"
apparently they all were! Their tour manager/merch girl said they were excited to meet us. Michael came right over to us.
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt
Would you like a presentation of what SimpleDL offers? DM me and we can schedule something.
Work on a rainy day.
<U+266C> August 10th 1909 Leo Fender was born, Inventor of the Telecaster & Stratocaster Guitars. Leo died 21st March 1991 <U+266C>
when you see a white guy running, what do people say?? "Run Forest, Run" ... You see a black guy running, " RICKYYYYYY!" lol
Bad decisions make better stories.
Treat yourself to #Free tix to MACBETH starring Ty Jones #NYC -- follow for more info
Anyone looking for an easy summer job where you get paid to have fun and party with friends? If so inbox me.
Whose stopping by the store today???
Life's tough. Get a helmet
<3 u too! :D i have about 100 pages left of super- loving it!
Facebook Fan Page Timelines are introduced - could this be the end of Landing Tabs? Marketers take notice.
at the LIBRARY . reading book *FART* woooppsieee >_<
Cheers. Have a great weekend :
Quick meeting, then off to the with to catch up with some friends! xx
Hahahaha yes! So appropriate.
alright OKAY that made my fucken night <33
Matt and I are coming up with company names. S&M Productions is probably our fave. LOL....
Hate leaving my mommy home alone "/
The Book Of Bees • Make My Movie
that was more like a walking dead zombie stumble medium-five.
TRUTH! Only because #DramaProm was a bit much. :) RT : I'm assuming #HHAwards is the hashtag de jour for tonight?
Yes, I will be there; hopefully on time. I'm thinking traffic to Stone Mountain is going to be a bit much...
Babies born with drug addiction, type of drug changing - KWKT
u seriously compare us to the #49ers please! Stay n yo lane this is the #Packers league n everybody else just n it! #Go Pack Go
is beyond annoyed right now...
RT : Dinner was so tasty. Thanks
:) RT Thank you so much Emily. You just sent that energy right back and I'm grateful. ThankYOU! #lovely xo
spread the word
Reinstall of Starcraft 2 done, super easy and no need for cd key or cd...I wish everything was that easy
Well off to bed I go.. Good Night Yal
Just did 75% of my Christmas shopping online... Ain't technology grand!
It's crazy how easily some friends forget you
in our world "pretty in pink" is a movie...
Day 2 of the Anime Con
[Psa91]as a member of 'the Church/SpiritualBody of Christ' we can call on FatherGod & HE answers/delivers/honors/satisfies us with long life
geez, well why dont you just cut off my penis next :/
sure am! With center grove
What is your intention for the week? Mine is gratitude - yeah everyone's saying it but is everyone doing it? Do it. It changes your life.
Reminisce what you've survived yields strength. Is that why the fuel tank is always in the back? Glance quickly to see how far you've come!
AMEN SISTA! RT : Maybe I should just stop talking to guys.
We're actually the largest free arts festival in America! See you there!
I ask that same question? Why
Happy Friday Everybody!
hey Christian please can you RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday please it would mean a lot
Man my phone I need a new phone forreal
Piranha happy hour with Betsy!!!
The #palmspringscrew is ready. e have plenty of Leine here or we will just drive to the #brewery & get it. How are teh #hotties?
You will love Best TV set up in town!
How to Grow Your Blogs Readership Through Offline Events-Justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood-nation.com click and read
I miss u so much!! Call me my love!!
Brandon Marshall traded to Chicago for two third rounders via
Fantastic idea - I'm happily surprised at how many #iampr twitterers there are out there!
Brenda Braxton is trending in Portland did you see it ? if not you totally missed out on the greatest event in television history
can we just try to love each other - through EVERYTHING?
you really did it? Lol
Just call me
people still use google+? I kid, kind of...
i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints... ok to sleep i go now... hope he happy
Yesterdays webinar opened up the eyes to hundreds of people allowing them the opportunity to be PROactive in their lives.
I just want to hit a nice ball. Lol
Penthouse in Brooklyn ? Okay I'll come !
Who's still voting on the TV Guide poll?
you asked if I like cum. I do indeed.
GLAMs should view Wikipedians as an e-volunteer program.
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. -Lucille Ball (My kind of gal!)
Thanks! I think Johnny is such a douche, so that makes me happy
Really cool to hear design critique of maps- ex. removing layers of data as you zoom out & emphasizing the info you want to display on map
well you shouldn't give up, you can always change for the better!
Fouls are only called on Lebron. Melo doesnt get the benefit even when he is clearly bumped out - UNREAL!
New country on HelpaLibrarian: Colombia! Welcome.
Time for some working out - run and a swim are the agenda for today!
You login and type it. We print it and mail it for you.
Whose good at drawing and wants to make money? Message me!
“: People are fist pumping. Happy thanksgiving, new jersey!” it's good to be home! Haha.
Congrats right back at ya! Let's plan a lunch or wine. Wanna talk more...
We're looking for Senior Federal Market Outside Sales Professionals 4 Time Top 10 "Fast 50" Company #microtechbuzz Top Comp$
caught me :)
- both at fault. Peyton hurried throw because of pressure, Wayne didn't cut in hard enough on the route.
That video was hilarious. xD Sad thing is a lot of girls do act like that ._.
Who is playing #madden today to get pumped for the #Superbowl ?
Who's shit list did Nene land on???
...for the show n he said yeah n I said n thanks for nye it was so funn he said ya we had fun too!!!! =D
Please follow her NOW please(; >>>>
Looking forward...
R.I.P Robert, we miss you!
omg what chNnel
Well he makes millions from Nike too. So I think he'll be fine.
it was so great to meet you yesterday! I loved hearing everyone talk about
Um, have I mentioned I'll be co-hosting #creativereads twitter chat this Tue @ 8 pm ET discussing 's #Imagine? Pls join us!
dang, yes they are ;)
Thelonious Monk on the dial,...bebop sha boom.
#usdla2011 box it.
Happy Birthday!
If your mktg materials color did not match in the woods by its self. Does it still mean your printer sucks?
lmao!!! now Chris it's going ta be aight, just take yo' meds get rested #BatAsylum then get your ass back
Why did the Easter Bunny quit his fast food job?....Because he didn't want to wear a HARE-NET!!!
American is...being at NASCAR, and drunk enough to spell it like that.
I wish it was appropriate to get super dressed up for concerts...
RT - Personally, I'm going to the Indians vs. Yankees game here in Cleveland with some friends! Can't wait! Any one e...
will there be pix on FB?
just did
My pupils feel quite tired today.
Fun Fact Friday: Spending on leisure travel generated $77.3 billion in tax revenue.
Im starting to wonder If u really mean what you say..
Made my way all the way up the toughest hill on our 20+ mile loop. Sign of fitness! OK, was gasping for breath. But still.
Great seeing you too! Sick as a dog now but hope 2 catch w/u again soon.
Not even gonna lie I'm tired ...
#6556 louis or jason(:
Just going to sit back tonight with my Great Lakes Burning River Pale Ale and enjoy Antonio Brown hitting 16pts on
Success - I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
Thank you! Feedback like that definitely encourages me to keep writing. :-)
Leadership Breakast Series continues- At Bubbys with &
picosos family pack $20.99 enchilada casserole,pintof beans, pint of rice 2litter pop we deliver call today picososmexicanfood.com
#ImHappyWhen I see my baby girl after a long day @ Wk!:-) :-) :-)
Touch it. Read it. Learn it. Teach it...Story of my life
#Flinttown was Pick City of the Day. Hope they're enjoying the 80 degree weather, that NEVER happened during my 18 yrs there!
Helped an elderly woman navigate my store.
Capt Mark Kelly just began his presentation. Had dinner w/him earlier. Signing books & shaking hands with a torn tendon in his arm.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
“: Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to getting your product!!” Thanks, Brian! Pre-order info online soon!
Ending the day talking/drooling over gear! #Yesplease!
My profile page is back to public...thank for small miracles.
thanks for following #palsloungeatl and all of your support!
Dear Twitterkins I wanna go out! Any takers... I mean possee sidekick protectors
Panama City Beach, I think. It's near Tallahassee.
Goal! Lead 3-2! Hey, You Suck!
I sent u my new number
breakfast in bed >>> #thankyoumommy. :)
I saw that, thank you for posting!!! Awesome, can't wait...
I see why that bitch is crazy
I feel like the Red Sox pitching staff is not emotionally or physically invested in winning baseball games.
have u seen apple studios or abbey road by any chance?
u tweeted!
Beautiful day! We were able to take the kids to the park and enjoy the warmth and sunshine! Now this is what I call winter!
And I was so proud of myself for not doing this in weeks
blessed bro Bout to drink this protein shake.
You got 5 seconds to enter the Deucebrand watch giveaway...enter now, halftime score of the spurs/clippers!!!! Enter now, last call...
Just made dinner & nail appt.now have to call hair & brows
So looking forward to school ending :)
Just bought my Earthquake preparedness kit...sure feels like it to me
gonna play some tunes in Marietta at the Wild Wing this evening
Teaching rookies how to use twitter <<<<<<<
I die. RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -bo
cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast..
Coming into St. Petersburg from a 24hr drive! Driving over the Bridge now, made it safe on the road from Chicago:-) so excited!!
that's certainly true ;) But seriously, loved everything about Florence--food, art, sights
“: no its actually saturday.” oh okay thanks.
sometimes i get so lazy, i can't even watch tv. it's not lazy really, it's like mind-hope-hole. and instead all i can do is mind-think-fill.
That moment when you send a text to the actual person your talkin shit about on accident lmao
Yes, the old tweetdeck works nicely for my needs too.
yeah just go ahead and lie to the whole twitter community lol
I'm spoiled by flavor
This year’s winners were announced live at an awards ceremony on November 9 at the close of the Sales & Marketing 2
maybe 200 in attendance when I was there for the opener.
Now you talk to me no GTFO.
Tonight:Jim Ripp 6pm Josh Dupont 9pm no cover!
Animal Kingdom today...
''a prophet is never a prophet in his own hometown''
Lololol, it just so happened to be that I was sitting right by my ipod when you followed. xD
fucking mau. just follow me already ! :/
Is there a cure for #PTSD? Improvements, but we need more data.
if u don't think he raped her ur an idiot...he just has money to win...I guess my mind is right
You ask too many freaking questions.
Lmao don't care what he say or how he say , or how he say it that's why I fucks with him though !
I fucking hate it when she calls me out. -___-
Not gonna lie, Meat Men on is pretty entertaining to watch. I kind of want to be a butcher now.
Come on now!! $209,000 offer!! We outta here!
You can never see Cursive too many times (right ?). My birthday is during WPF, too. *fingers crossed*
I Know Who Killed Me sucked ASS!
oh, is it 11:20 already! :)
Do you like your coffee with cream, sugar, both or black?
wow that's amazing, it's like harlequin romance novels for men.
Kiss her like it's your 1st, hold her like u'll never get to hold her again, and cook 4 her w same Passion &excitement felt in those moments
I love the taste of blood in my mouth when you're knocking me out .
Tuesday is good. Wednesday the 14th is the Big 4! :)
True! Starbucks just seems to get me way more jittery than others :/. Sometimes that's useful... :)
#WaysToImpressMe don't try and impress me be your self and keep it 100 @ all times
Mike Holmgren was selected to Packers Hall of Fame, but honestly, we should bring the big walrus back. McCarthy doesn't know what he's doing
How did your semester go? Must be good to be home.
kayla burns like anyone knows u stop tweeting on my page or i will change my password
We're no good anymore.
Don't forget to follow us on twitter at WASenateDems!
And you have to admire how hard he's working to overcome his problems.
What's the point of taking public city transportation if the trip also involves thirty minutes of walking? Sigh.
#Imagine You feel two soft lips placed on your cheek and open your eyes. You see a pair of twinkling eyes. Liam:''Morning babe!''
Alright bitchez I'm live tweeting my train ride up to NY. Y'all better hope some wacky people sit around me or I'll have niete to tweet abt.
At a special church service for mothers day, brought my baby Jesus dolly. Breast fed it in the bathroom for old times sake.
what's your favorite track on
#StupidStuffPeopleInstagram A polluted Beach
I would but twitter isnt letting me follow anyone else until i get more followers WTF IS THAT ABOUT!?!?!?!?!?!
Thanks for the RT mention!
Now taking vitamins has become a health hazard...from now on I'm breaking them in half..but I did create a new dance! lol
RT : Shift your focus from problems to solutions, from fears to desired outcomes. ~
Do you know any Compensation Specialist? New jobs are posted on www.hrjobboard.com
if we don't have sex... then how do we have a sex life? haha
Just sent :) Thanks darling!
I'm really grateful to have amazing friends and family in my life to support me without judgements.
#tinnitus, (symptom) ringing in the ears. At times needed to be endured for the sake of a brother. =) Stay warm #Portland!
A yellow jacket ruined my tanning moment.
Helping families to detox their home and reclaim their health with online support, resources, organic and safe shopping. Plus a free ...
you capitalize "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" in the first reference in an article?
what?! Lindsey was a fox back in the day!
And the #Grammy for Trying Too Hard goes to....Nicky Minaj!
The Brewers' wives just bought up almost all of the rest of our stock!! AAAAHHHH!
You seriously can't trust anyone anymore..
it's Sat-Mon (Sept 1-3) Labor Day weekend. Lights is playing on Monday
Progressing toward launch date. FYI, tweets now show on the Ebuxing.com site.
Go blow up my merch guys twitter and demand condoms that say " I like HID not HIV" :)
Eric Bledsoe was somehow taking over. Then he threw a pass to the ref.
I enjoyed this fit (no disrespect) of tweets.
Thanks to Holman's Distribution, we will soon have a large variety of juices! Please join us in thanking them for their sizable donation!
I feel so bad I haven't posted a new part in over 2weeks
you think something good happened... or you know something good happened? I want 100,000 coins falling all over me!!!
RT "When love + skill work together, expect a masterpiece." John Ruskin
Drake on repeat
Grilled Cheese i$ grownups: Whole Wheat w/Cheddar & Pepper Jack cheeses
you are incredible! Get some rest and hit me up when you make it back to LA! Much love. :)
Yet another PD session that affirms my decision to resign. If you've never met a student, but he's on your roster, you're 100% responsible?
that's what I thought SS. Stop the bullying and let's be good, constructive journalists and put all this petty BS aside.
going to advisory meeting for www.latinaconference.org to help reduce Latina girls high school drop out rates
Rufus just couldn't wait to get #MothersDay started.... Happy Mother's Day to all of you wonderful Mommys out there. God Bless all y'all!
West Palm Beach followers a fresh batch of 's magnets are waiting to be taken on Clematis.
Hey girl... you should check out this amazing new #BoyBand they are sexy and they can sing!!!!
Sounds like Slavic-phobia in my humble opinion.
damn! I don't want to be famous, just rich. Let's figure out a way to get my show to your town!
when dose teen wolf start up again?! I miss is ):
HMU for the info to the ghetty ..
that awkward moment when its 207 & im not tired #atall -.-
You know you're Greek when a casual run to the store results in some phyllo dough in your cart for no particular reason.
#oddities super great show
In bed not feeling well all day. Listening to the Beatles.
k. my life sucks. ugh.
I'm in love with Futurama!!
Workout complete for the day. Got my 5 miles in @ the park with my teammates. I'm motivated now and I love it!
#FF A couple Earthsavers spa lovers!
I appreciate people who make my day!
You like it? If Braun doesn't hit a HR, we aren't going to score. I am thinking they were hoping he didn't accept it
Anybody else tired earlier on Friday nights than any other day of the week?
Coffee in hand, a happy bear, 6:00am quickly approaching. Time to wake wifey up.
but then when you buy a brand new one it's like rebirth all over again!
homemade lemonade?
How come if ants are always so busy they always get time to show up at picnics ?
lol! same here with me!(:
im not mad at you for that
hell yeah! i think i like death proof a little more though.
don't judge, your favorite subject is drinking
Superficial is not my thing >.<
lol this will be the death of me
NFL's greatest hype man #perfect> “: On set now w/ filming NFL Draft opening promos for ESPN. Straight FIRE!!!”
Slow Jams by twista never gets old
is oh so good on a sunday. Especially with my best friend
Now Playing - SaySomethin By <3 I LOVE THIS SONG. Say Somethin' Baby dont be so Shy... (;
your so wasted :)
email us the details.
First in line for the screening of The Dictator!
Who's ready to see what our new video is gonna be?!
I want to talk to some one.
wow yours is short! On both days freshies have it 1st to 4th period, but sophomore either have it 1-4 or 5-7.
If i call and you dont answer but then call back, dont expect me to answer.
thought i could sneak that one in...
Let's explore?
Watched Bill Hall watch strike 3 pass him. Good luck making the team Billy.
you all need to be following
Lol fuck that. i am pretty damn fabulous and hilarious am i right
My neighbors are happy with our 5:30 am rabbit hunt! Bray!
Smoke in the morning , afternoon , and night..
My #hellomornings is full of Huh-Choos+aches shared by DD but Not her strep yet though! Prayers Appreciated&THX! I'm Blessed by HMs!
Hey !!!!!! The Fist Pumps Made My Day ....I'm Well Though. What Have You Been Up To?
Thanks for the nice note! Hope you have an awesome Friday and weekend
BIG SHOUT out to Dulles for loading us with the mobile units instead of going from the bus up the stairs in the cold.
I know I enjoy teaching when seeing my students make me feel better about what's otherwise been a shitty last 22 hours.
Rave car driver: Too many comparisons, too many memories. You'll never stack up against a dead guy/father of her child.
Wherever you are - be all there.
#NeverShouldYouEver leave an important and meaningful relationship for a guy who is only interested in adding you to his girl list.
and I want a pet guinea pig
Yahoo! CEO who falsified resume' will still walk away with millions. It's not easy being greedy -- I mean, green!
Does ACC regret Pitt choice? Panthers lose to new BE member SMU in football and open Big East play 0-3 in basketball, karma payback's hell.
It’s Halloween, So Here’s Tim Curry
Bipartisian does not mean she likes boys, girls, and partying
has my heart <3
Read Nutritional Labels to help u measure correct serving sizes & avoid overeating.
#InterviewQuestion Tell us about yourself #Jobs You better have an answer to this prepared and knock it out of the park!
I'm just surprised that there's a person out there named Tally.
Millwood pitching batting practice
CAM ON HELL
#Oregon gets their #Rosebowl win for this century! first since 1917. congrats to all Ducks see you in 2109!
Sleeping is nothing but wasting time. I haven't graced the pillowtop in 5 days. I plan to never shut my eyes more than ten minutes again.
it is for research journals, not research itself
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all the other woes of mankind, is wisdom. ~ Thomas Huxley
I may just b in love with greysonchance. he is hawt!!!
Remember, successful actors are flexible and take direction, so pull your leg behind your head before slating.
I think I have another one or two I'll tag you in it
Tune in to #LAYOUDRIVEMECRAZY ft #teamBHR we on
#Trivia What year did Red Bull Arena open?
I can be your knight in shining armor
This must be underwater love.
You wasn't shooting with me in the gym
Just had lunch w my good friends!
I'm glad it's a game.
Im mad my momma got more likes on her pics than me on my instagram! lol ish cray
So happy & proud for 's promotion after 3 days on the job you rock!!
you are awesome - thank u:)
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
oh okay. That clears it up. Congrats uncle! Even if it is Mexican..
When times are hard, push harder. Perseverance is the only thing that will get you through. Dig deep... You are stronger than you think...
If my love for you is a crime, I want to be the most wanted criminal.
I will add to the list. James Baldwin: Scotch. Or Whiskey.
I HATE THIS MATH TEACHER!
It's on you today Boo... It's your call... Franchesca or Gabrielle??
Seems like 2/3rds of the people I follow are at the White House Correspondents' Dinner and feel the need to tweet every joke.
at the please play "Muzik makes me" by
Jut came across an ad that said "Food is the new punk rock". They obviously don't understand punk rock.
And it sounds like you've forgotten all about the actual news in the state. Drunk people stories are so valuable ...
what are you talking about?
no doubt.stay bz and keep Growing.
: thanks for the posts! im out of town this week, so its nice to get the play-by-play!
Atl is calln my dang name
Thank you to for donating a jersey to the upcoming dinner!
SHE DiD DAT
Planning w/ #THENACA? & are available for select fall dates. Msg info for your
Morning , yawn
We're impatient for a good experience. We've been lead to expect a high signal to noise ratio says
Dear #USPS, please find my certified mail/package. Not sure how you can leave me a delivery notice then not have my package at your station?
I think you're right!
make sure I watch it thnx
Iowa is over, New Hampshire is next! and tell us what to expect on CNN's Early Start
no hun, not religion, lifestyle. she will pass, just like everybody.
Can Indy "take back" the iconic Robert Indiana LOVE statue? We should "own" it, not Philly, challenges Peter Kageyama.
My Twitter is moving slower than a Kim Kardashian follower...wtf?!
Well looks like I'm not golfing today :(
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.-- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
I have watched Off The Pitch, like three times, can Saturday get here please????
Austin's braces make Austin more cuter :3
RIDDLE ME THIS: If you know me, you'll want to share but if you share me, I'll be gone. What am I?
After your Sunday service come check out the Michelle Marie trio 12-4pm POOF!!!!!
hey there, I just submitted to Immortal Ink :)
I actually really like this... lol :)
I'm bout to sit outside..drink..and jam Goodie mob first album..
Do Parent Teacher conferences help you as a teacher?
Yesterday, I fooled my dad with a fake bruise on my leg. Today, I actually may have a broken toe and he thinks it's makeup again.
When you're right, you're right... :-)
Although abnormal hair loss is not as common in women as it is in men it can be very traumatic.
I'll try to post the audio of a Q&A with Michel Hazanavicius and Michael Phillips in Chicago
Coming home, eat, nap, homework, then clean my room <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> hate the last 2 things of my schedule.
Yea just a lil tired n out of it RT : Awe I heard what happen , are you okae ?
and it's going to take forever to upload all my pictures. p.s. since when is degrassi on mtv? <3.
lol thanks. And you don't owe me squat. Family helps family without wanting something in return (unless it's a brother) :p
Next week' s menu posted on web! New Meal - Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad, yogurt dressing, hummus & flatbread YUM! don't miss this one
Google To Stop Allowing AdWords Ad Rotation
why do ladies cheat?
The history of sabotage against cooperative projects and the importance of self-reliance in creating a successful co-op movement.
i like pi
I posted the same thing! Me and my wife are STILL talking about that - some things never change in Hollywood!
I need that hoodie RT Grab a bag from Cafe Press! http:/./bit.ly/o5v8yP
Headed to lunch with my babies!
#NOWFOLLOWING THE BEST EVER follow Me baq plezz :^D
Your life is the one that God knows,not the one that people see.
feel better soon!
you are awesome, I love your tweets. Blessed be!
“: What actresses are you convinced could probably kick your ass in a street fight?” AKA
British ships of the line have opened fire on Norfolk, VA.
At the show tonite, shots of hand sanitizer 4 everyone!
It's storming! :-0
#whatifindattractive a man that likes kids
You can't really go wrong at TED.
Happy Mother's Day to all great mothers! Thank you for all that you do, today and everyday!
Being sick, stressed, and angry results in me craving ice cream, la salsa, bbq and chocolate. Wtf.
BUCH = rockin' ! He uses Super Slinky's exclusively. he literaly promotes the sh*t out of EB at shows.
My Toddlers & Tiaras episode was on re-run today. Who saw it?
Decorated with sparkly tablecloths, & on one table, fake fur. Lanterns, purple lights, house banners. Catapult+cheese balls=Snitch
At "I don't even think about failure here. It's not a word.Instead, we talk about iteration." /CreatingInnovators
Do homework on the nature and extent of the demand for the skills, training, education, & experience within your chosen occupational field.
Continuing the night at Boardner's for anyone that didn't get enough booze.
I bet it was really nice! I heard the preview was a success! Keep me informed for the next event!
Yes!!! RT : Congrats to Bridesmaids for winning Best Comedy Film at The
RT : Spring is almost here, Ruby-throated Hummingbirds will be x-ing the Gulf by the end of the month. Can't wait!
this place looks and sounds so beautiful!
GOT TICKETS? Less than 120 tickets left. Nov 18 LearnCamp Phoenix conference
Ed isn't too bright on this one...ad buys won't win this particular fight, but ground game will and DNC is all over it
#FF #FollowFriday the different divisions of -
LMFAO. I can't believe this is happening right now. HYFR.
So its snowing, I guess that's exciting
my sister lives in st. Louis! I will come visit!
Wow the LA kings are an 8 seed and there 8-1 in playoffs. Knocked off #1 Vancouver and #2 blues. Did it. Only lost 1 game in the process
If America treated the obesity problem the same way as drug addiction, we'd finally help millions of frustrated overweight people to jail.
MT : Reminder—tonight, 2/23, 7:30: Mary Cheh & MPD speak about recent DC robberies. Deal MS cafeteria.
Great Training day lifting UTA Trax Trains. Thank you UTA for the great instruction.
Last day of driving without passengers. A little nervous about that, but should be ok. My trainer is great. MKE MCTS.
Mordi: Greater levels of cultural homogeneity in North Africa allowed for better coordination on social networks
This lady is tawkn to hear self
Loved In the Night Kitchen. Now reading that it was "controversial" due to nudity, possible sexuality. Cool.
LOL "Poor Taylor" is trending! i love her :)
follow me please......
ZOMG! "Hobo With A Shotgun" is available on demand from Amazon and XBOX Live! I know what I'M watching tonight.
Bolland needs to work on his face offs
OH EM GEE. Don't you love it when you discover a package of cookies hidden in the back of the cupboard?
More couples live together than get married. I'm sure they know the pro's, or they wouldn't be so many of them, but do they know the con's?
livestream is frozen.
Many thanks for your great review! Cheers
Difference isn't the coach as per Mort...the difference is class.
Mercy Corps Monday - Tonight from 5:30-9pm (donating 25% of sales each Monday night)
I'm pretty good.(: whatcha doing?
Congrats Alabama! Well deserved win
just got off ..! job kicked my ass today..!
Wendy has a dark side she used kellys mom!!!! What???
thank u love u
Mega Millions Jackpot at $476 Million? What would you do with all that money?
anything with tobacco and nicotine.
Usually we only praise heartily those who admire us
Those properties aren't in the RDA relationships yet (talk to JSC about the absence, we're not supposed to make things up!)
check out
Go #Fiona #Apple! 7 years of #silence broken!
Taking the stage now - Leokane & CJ 'Boom' Helekahi. Free island music 6:30-8p. If you're in the area, join us!
loves summer a lot, but wants Eric home NOWW
Serena looks ahead to Fed Cup and Olympics Serena Williams will play overseas for the USA on Saturday in the Fed Cup for the first time i
We'll post updates on what is happening at IUPUI University Library!! Please stay tuned!!
Some things are better left unsaid. The thing I'm not saying is one of those things
thank you.
I just got bck on twitter ...... And i ttly need my followers back ........:-(
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 96
Good morning :)
Just got word from dr he can't fly- won't be in LA for #NFMLA or NJ in June for Lighthouse Intl Film Festival.
have joined together to bring you a great event on April 19th at 8:00!! Come out and have a great night!
My mom won't be here for mothers day and my brother won't be here so we can celebrate his 8th birthday. Yay. Not. :(
Fuck you then too, dick.
sorry for the scare, LA s goal was called back, 1 - nil Sporting
Journaling opens many imaginative opportunities only available to us if we take the time and have the courage to write.
I do a killer British accent. Lol
1st Lady Michelle Obama welcomes kids to the White House today for "Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day"
Loved the halftime show!
and I fell behind. Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate. Lots to update now
Such a shame, not a looker in the bunch
so with you on that.
Come help jim Thorpe celebrate his Bday tonight at The Legendary Dobbs!! Get here quick!!!
what time does the party start
Hi just wanted to say we loved the show! Go Veep!
Imagine this is a real lineup in playoffs
#DAntoni out in NY
A huge thank you Casey! Really appreciate the support!
hahah yes, leo is so fine.. I'm not sure, but I don't think so. cuz the top wobbles a little. and you can see his kid's faces
so when all of the southern US people try an day my name..I just say..it's like Karen..but with a J..
Have you given any thought into understanding why you do the things you do...or think what you think? Personal insight is a gift.
yo guy-- we must chat soon--- run tings!
Feeling blessed. Merry Christmas!
well actually that's the only way I can go because I can't take my parents car again
Big welcome to fellow author
We were ment to last I just know it even tho we fight I know your still #perfect :)
We're looking forward to the opening of our Johnstown location as well! We're projecting a June opening.
I think I like House a little too much... <3
You OK?
Gonna miss a whole lot this weekend!!!<
Finally. A fucking butterfly!
anyways want to know what I thought in biology?
If you lose niche market research, you lose everything to nothing
Our favorite new restaurant in
Loved him. He was true to himself from the beginning.
Eating well today bc I'm off. tuna sammich w/ bacon earlier for lunch... now making filet mignon, mashed taters, green beans & yorkshire
Can you follow me back!? (: x
Senior yearbook party = binge eating. Two plates don't care, right ???
Come on gentlemen, we're burning daylight here....
Heading to CT today for meeting on #NSMN #SportsTacklesCancer. We are expanding successful #sportsbiz charitable program!
I like my drinks high, and lights low...
It's a great day to get out and vote. I'm at precinct 66 meeting residents.
Have a great day, everyone.
ya I don't like you
you already know i keep it Purple
Writing tip of the day: Sometimes your best editing is done after the release of the work..But let it be an exception and not the rule.
haha well i'll be home from work sometime after one...if i see it i will kill it, but i'm creeped it's gonna crawl on me D:
you're giving them ROIDS?????
Here's the fall I know and love.
Why you tryna play me doll?
Knock 'em dead with #Storyline this week at
UPA & Refresh groups don't often cross over, unless someone belongs to both. I cross-promote to both groups since I led both.
nasty ... That game was serious
Do you really need to cut into American Idol every 10 mins to tell me it's raining?
I kno I have the 2 songs recorded on my phone ill let u hear them tom at basketball
Thanks for following!
Aint even heard all of 's mixtape but what i have heard so far its freaking buck no matter what #ChristianArtistsUp!!!
Up late, working on my clients' summer vacations; Caribbean Resort, destination wedding, and cruises.
Please follow us and retweet us. 13 college women walking to end breast cancer!
2 MORE DAYS!!!
Kratos would beat the entire XBOX universe by himself. Even old boy from Gears with 3chainsaws would lose.
Very cloudy but still a nice day nonetheless
I'm impressed with the power and simplicity that provides...thanks for bringing structure to the madness that is #php programming
Those too. Not the shoes though. I hate the shoes. Pretty, but I am inept at putting them on most of the time.
you're welcome whenever
I loved when you and Brian Golden were on KMPC!
if I did it was accidental,I think sometimes twitter app does it on its own!
then why are u ignoring ALL my dms????
I work with this lady who is seeing a guy. He is a habitual felon, no job, 9 kids w/2 women, & no license. Wth?
thank you
Wanna play some crossfire?
touche, but I do remember you passing at least one shot to me and of the girls with the same name
I would never go bungee jumping. A broken rubber brought me into this world, it sure as heck ain't taking me out.
So many things in the costume store look like Keith Richards
i've only seen mean bitch , nothing else !
Last week. He looks like a bad guy in a movie.
Oh, hey, there's Tony Gonzalez. I was wondering if he was there today.
haha love that I monitor media for my job and you found that first! Thanks :)
last Saturday
Aiiighright, yall gone turn rap to a non-profitable game if yall don't take it mo serious
Who is coming?
Nothing like diarrhea at a music festival
Age does not make us childish, as some say it only finds us true children still.
tea and zombies
haha I saw you on modern family just a minute agoo ! Haha ending was funny hahaha
What are you selling? if you are going to loose all caps ill buy one.
my 1st smart phone!
They dress Slightly better as they get older, but only cause it's current & not '05, but even then still pretty bad.
Two day delay for ChocoLee. Opening Saturday March20th at 10a.m. Opening special, Lee's chocolate croissant..till there gone!
So, um...this Paul Cameron guy is nuts, right? Taking bets on when he'll be caught with an underage male intern.
omg ok so im reading this fanfic right.
celebrating Drinko-de-mayo at #broadstonebeach where the champs at?
see Bio is easy for me xD um my graduation is June 9th :) you don't have to send anything lol just hang with me at warped!!
No idea man, sorry
United States of America V. Ebony Wood in Various Forms can
I hope you choke on you bacon tomorrow
Get outta there! The Erin Express crowd will only get worse as the day goes on... Irish pubs not safe till April.
#Tennessee #teaparty keeps it classy
RT : Acting is a nice childish profession - pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.
your very smart
Who will win it all in June? does his best to give you that answer right now on the show!
Welcome to our new followers! Thanks, , , , , , ,
Well done! ;)
Laura's hosting. I finish Wanted to tepidness; she anounces "people, people, not enough love for my motherfucking husband." Place goes nuts.
hahah thank you for approving of my drunkness right now.
RT My beautiful lady revised my paper for me:-)... I love my smarty pants girlfriend -- you welcome babe:)
Naw. I'm not teasing. That QOTD just popped that song in my head. Let's just say that would be a well tested relationship.
Do you have your own Youtube channel? You could be famous too! As pets all over world share vids!
Yes! I noticed that . Shoot, we need to be next -.-
But you'd agree St. Louis' 88 wins might be > Texas' 96 based on sched strength. (Not saying it's the case now).
shit forgot to hit you back! today, tomorrow, and friday
1 test down 4 to go
Btw, did you vote in my latest poll yet? I don't do polls very often so I hope you'd cast your vote :D
Thank goodness, hope she was appropriately schooled.
- The only player I know of that played in the #B1G from my high school.
This should be a good fight!
Movie recommendation is Will Ferrell in "Old School"
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us.Ovid
Election time & unemployment is out of control n/p just shink the labor pool. When will these liars & thieves in DC tell us the truth?
any further delays possible for 5759 Boston to Kansas City?
its not that bad
this sunday post a usa flag and never forget terror will never win. we are strong, united and free
You got that fortune cookie too?! What kind of idiot hands that sort of thing out? The cookie tasted like human, too. Um...
Victor: Best advice on publishing - nobody knows anything.
Wasnt a great day but wht can i say? Not everyday can be. I love U #godbless us everyone
There isnt nearly enough for a snow day
Very cool, we will contact you in the future!
According to current travel guides, New Orleans is one of the top ten most visited cities in the United States. What do you think is the...
rhine who?
Yours looks good!
Off to help a friend get started on World of Warcraft! Happy Twittering...
Hey :) Sorry it took so long for me to follow back lol!
I don't either. I'm scarred by the fact my mother is reading them.
"Treat others how you want to be treated"
Not like anyone ever cares what I think anyway.
Keep your submissions coming! Our first issue will be out soon - we are behind but will make it up to you with an awesome first issue
That's cool. I tried to stalk you but you were too fast. ;)
There is a 'yes' in your future. You just have to get past the no.
Just saw the Avengers. What a dang triumph. No, it's not perfect. And that's OK. Ruffalo's the heart of the movie. Bravo.
Come put your American sausage into my English McMuffin,
"No, I don't want to be cute, I want to be beautiful and smart," tells You go girl!
Joan describing her "down deep out far" series.
: will you sit with me on the bus, on the way to salamonie tomorrow? <3
Finishing up b-fast b4 going to teach my one-stroke painting class. Thinking of starting a crochet project after my quilt is done!
Looking forward to session about google art project googleartproject.com
There's a musician on FB asking me about how to get a gig at one of Charlotte's live music venues. Any idea to whom I should direct him?
and being cheerleaders!
you are crazy but I love you :)
I have shelved more books today than should be humanly possible...
thank you Michael. Trying to blame me because I like the Yankees. #childplease ;)
In Toronto for Oscar Peterson's tribute tonight-singing w George Cables,Christian Mc Bride,Roy Hargrove,Ralph Moore,Willie Jones 3rd
more of a baseball kind of girl:P
My stomuch hurt so so bad
Rainy Day Funday
Jennie Garth on her animals: totally regurgitated Kelly's speech when Donna's dog dies. Which makes me pathetic, not her.
Global v's regional comms is similar & different. London has lots of traditional media exposure, but it's knowing your landscape
Ive chewed on that thing and it was flatter than day old beer!
pizza, salad, & grape juice <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Is Patrick Wang's IN THE FAMILY officially considered a 2011 release or a 2012 release??
you look amazing! You always get the best haircuts!!
Mac Dougal sucks.
One thing that bothered me in the Avengers: how did Tony know Loki was going to throw him out of the window and not just snap his neck?
Haha, yes! They filmed that right near my university. I ran into Chris Pine writing in his diary at a coffee shop.
Friends, my counter is a joke. New followers daily in email. But the count bounces between 400 and 450. Has for weeks now. Should be 1000+
Hahaha RT : “Broccoli might get stuck in your teeth, but french fries will get stuck on your ass.”
What?! How is this logical for Bones?? Is it the post pregnancy hormones?!
"Love, and a cough, cannot be hid." -G. Herbert
love the quotes on spiritual nurse I was just telling Angie !!
In case you missed my tweet yesterday, Mind the Gap No. 1 DELIVERED everything I hoped for :D
So far - a few hundred of your closest movie-going friends!
There are a number of boutiques which offer vintage clothes at a great price
Great Rosy has a 50/50 chance of living that's great!:(
it's still questionable
No…I Said “Roll The Dice” Not “Throw” Them Out The Window…
How can that be?
<~~Jack of all trades
Donya Sorman (Isadxu) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
That is the Truth Brothaman , The Truth about This is Coming Out About Israel Government Policy Toward the Palestinians!
Deadlines are breaking me. Must make it to Thursday...
Or you could just *only* wear black and grey. (Moi.)
You let NY down
#ellensdamnheron to keep it away, string up pie pans or old CDs around the pond. The sun bounces off and scares them away.
I'm ready whenever hit me when u ready
#ifyouknowmeyouknow my middle name.
Getting ready to address #TANM with the Perception survey
Well hello spring....Welcome.
H Town! That boy coming up in the DJ bizz. Word to the wise. Don't sleep on this cat!
Vainglorious! This is protected...by the red...the black...and the green. With a KEY...SISSSSAAAAAY!
Lol, we posted that like 10 seconds apart...
holy wow
Thank you! I'm pretty excited :)
I'm so bombed.Lol.
Love that song! Walk on, indeed. Hope you have a great day after all!
Check out the the following website for careers as a mechanic or a technician/www.ringpower.com
RT : So the Senate hates Millennials. Awesome.
lol wouldn't go wrong...n ok dats cool for a start...I can dig dat :)
I would trade my kingdom for a nice friday evening martini with you all
I'm gonna shadow at Oaklannd Catholic next week.
pretending like she aint cuffed lmao get in line
phone stolen....
Our song is the slamming screen door, Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window
haha your welcome(:
go to google and type in "Zerg Rush"
#Goodnight #GrandeDreams & #Goodnight to the #ArianaArmy & all the #Arianators #GrandeDreams & #Goodnight to the
Yes yes :) Thank you sir.
going to see exhibition at Nat'l Portrait Gallery, The Black List. Taking the kiddies. Preview looks great.
New poll: 96% of people say they don't wake up feeling great. So... how are YOU feeling today? I feel like the Allergy Fairy mugged my face.
got the job! So proud of him!!! XD
LOL! I'm barely getting over mine. But I want popcorn now. HA!
It's a good day, a good day. Aim for having a good day. Than shoot for a great day.
O yea.. & for all u #Bulls haters, What the fuck is up? Lol <=TECHNO=>
that's awesome! I wanna see the pics when you get em. When do you get back?
gee thanks! ;)
wht age baby can u make your voice sound lik and wht other strange sounds can u make
Hi Kim
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
“: #FinalFour prediction: this will be the last week anthony davis has one eyebrow. nba money = better barbershops”....truth
One man dead in St. Paul house fire on Dayton Ave. this morning. A live report is at 5...
yea it does get out of hand sometimes
Audition for new show called Toilet Head, went well will know if taping Voice Over later tonight. Keep your fingers crosses, Its for FX
Have you been drinking again?
How u gonna make tacos with no cheese
Indeed...nice post. I've got a roter in my cellar I'm slowly working my way towards.
on what?!? ayyyeeee
thx! couldn't remember the name. in your experience...easy to setup? need to get this going in less than 24 hours...
not sure.
Follow mee !! C:
Thank you Queen !!
Rayman Legends - Wii U Concept Trailer - new wii games
Going to see my girls softball game first, then Respect the Mic tonight @ the Shrine!!
All we wanna do is eat your brains. We're not unusual; I mean no one's gonna eat your eyes...
Really? I would have thought she was more of a "Reservoir Dogs" kind of girl.
Behind the scenes with Beco-the new baby elephant at the Columbus Zoo-got to see pix-plus-Heather's Team, now 6000+ strong & growing-CU!
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : give a year. change the world. Tweets by
wait i'll make it as icon. Show yours?
Don't forget to check out my boo on #ToughEnough !! #martincasasus ..happy? ? lol
#YouthMinistry is full of surprises. Nothing is too shocking anymore...
RT LIFE: It's not where you are right now that's so important. The DIRECTION you're headed DETERMINES your DESTINY!
real classy! Wishing death upon someone you have never even met.
I'm still mad at her.
this Thursday is going to be YUCKY!! WATTS!!
I have to start getting ready soon
Gonna go grab some lunch!(:<U+E120>
I'm posting a great giveaway next week. LOVE my wireless mouse!
What are you looking to do?
Malayan Proverb~ Dont think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
Anything Kaiser Permanente related :)
I don't know why people like big butts.
If you really want to be featured in a national magazine go to streetradiomag.com FREE
Going to see my mamiringa<U+263A>
I'm looking to do fan music videos for all of my songs! Post your pics and videos of you for any of my songs and they'll be included!
Skittles...taste the rainbow. It's that thing where there's a bunch of gay multi-colored midgets in a club. Looks like a bunch of skittles.
Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
I'm 32 & never owned a car. Know Boston/Cambridge/SF very well from walking and/or running all over. Best way to really know a place.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today until 2pm. Tomorrow is Sunset and Arville!
We are now entering Zebulon
okay, I walked up in this bitch fresher then a mother fucker
oh good, twitter works! Love you too! Almost off work. Weather is SO nice
Great savings for #seniors this Thursday -25% #discount off entire purchase @ Thrift Shop - must be at least 65-years young!
Do your players respond to you as a coach because they fear you?...OR.. Do they respond to you because they are motivated by you?
Two Boots Pizza opened in the Fitzgerald in Midtown on June 1 hosting a grand opening celebration, free samples and live music from 6-8pm.
Aww, shucks! RT : is my hero. regenstein has never seen so much soul. same goes for you
someone told my wife today that our dog was "so ugly that it's cute." i am not amused.
When talking to vets, ask to see their DD214 (discharge papers) to verify claims
Nice idea. How about doing 5p-7p sometime so working folks can say hi?
Aw, thanks! The speech is exactly 1 week before my March of Dimes Samba dance... not sure which one makes me more nervous!
#DripSync's MedGuide makes it easy to maintain accurate and up-to-date info on #medication references!
Hey you! Hope you have a great weekend!!!!
Rockin both coasts with the two best bands on the planet! Happy New Year! RT : Ditto for me for BGCC ;-)
UConn players were with Howard during stabbing - One teammate performed CPR while another comforted the attacker.
Rvp for president
Nicki Minaj is just so beautiful!
now it let me.?? Well I tried yesterday while there was a #failwhale so thats prob whyy
People are stupid. I'm tired of good music being thrown into a genre called 'Screamo'
Tried to go to bed early tonight...
He took the team further than anyone thought possible, great guy. Great human. Wish him only the best in the future.
Done filming and editting the project. SOme much fun :D
Yes.Just.Yes
so far it's killing me! I got drafted by the 76rs and I'm struggling. I could drop 30 w/ my guy as a 55 overall. Now.... oy.
"The Great of the team is far better than the individual parts. Team work WORKS, not everyone practices it."
when you're in a relationship would you say that you wear the pants? Or do you let the man have them?
Are there support jobs located at all Esri regional offices? Some more than others?
I cheated and listend to #turntoyou when it was leaked. That song is so good and emotional. Pattie is lucky to have Justin as a son :) <3
I had no idea Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale were no longer together, he's gay now apparently?
Dry, chapped lips deserve some care. Mix a bit of olive oil & sugar, apply to lips, wipe off the excess & voila! A sweet smile.
how happy are you
Thanks Sue - it was great to meet you, too! ;)
MSU!!!! That was a game!
where at!
AGREE! RT "We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
Or maybe I'll just continue to hang on to these feelings. And continue to hang onto what we had. And you'll live your fake wonderful life...
I want to be the reason for the smile on your face and that one girl in your life who can never be replaced.
also I don't usually pay close attention to random strangers saying weird things
Thanks!! I Made It!!!
lol yes he is, they grow up so fast!
I really gotta start focusing
RT : A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stakes are raised in English soccer this weekend - Los Angeles Times
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market: "So addicting...expecting it to be silly and I ended up loving it" by Barbara
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed
they are so dumb! Omg i know like jb is perfect! Austin is well eh.... Lol
"I'm a product guy." - speaking at #shorenstein center
I love seeing OKC play like this, not only because the #Thunder are just awesome, but I know that is loving it too!
thanks! I'll be there
how is it?
I need someone/something to take care of my boredom
BO! Dad just got a call from work saying he's got to go work in Canada for a week :(
The intelligent option might be A) No vote, treaty is improved for growth, B) 2nd referendum later on in the year. Safer strategy?
Great speech given by Commissioner Loretta Smith Live on Portland Community channel 11, Portland Public Schools tv channel 28 from 4-11am
is that once or twice a minute? Hahaha
Strange to have 2 halfway decent starters on the same squad (even though they have different styles). I thought he would go Jax.
I'm not sue if you heard, but I was the drunken idiot chanting your name the whole game in Seattle last year. You're the shit!
All of cincinnati is at monks...
i love you so much i am so proud of you !!!!!!:) follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
I love to answear your questions !!!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Ok how can I be 2 places at once... Facebook killers des days....
#POTD The Beach Boys. I had a Beach Boys kind of night tonight.
I'm txtin him n m a official #Laouvers :3
#RIPWhitheyHouston u was always a genuine person in ur music n movies. Ur soul is @ peace <3
Must stay awake...must stay awake Wishing I had a ride home from work so I can sleep in a warm car :/
Decided to always check shoes after a weekend involving large button pins... otherwise, it can be
Laying on an air mattress so it will deflate faster. It's the little things.
#mysuperpowerwouldbe to read people minds(:
Can't wait to have a baby! He's going to be a professional NBA player just like his daddy D. Wade lol
RT : Josh & I were JUST saying the same thing! Honored to be a part :-) // SO THANKFUL for you guys!
Don't stop the madness. So looking forward to March Madness-the best sporting event bar none.
I bet you won't see this but if you do please follow <3 you are my inspiration and you helped me believe in myself<33
Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now w
Reluctant to tweet b/c my tweet # is awesomely set at 608 #Madison but thinking of Japan today
Know what's missing from #WHCD? Correspondents!
AH IM SO EXCITED! :D
Can't sleep.
I have stories for you !
What up twitter?
Dukes hopes for a #1 seed have to be gone now. Agree ?
WASH PARK! New Craft Boutique - Home for the Holidays Oct 21 + 22
Going to live my life from a new perspective.
I can make mistakes in my sleep.
Back then they wanted me now im hot and they still want me lol
I don't really mind this hot weather. It's the dusty, aridness, the kind that makes me wanna shower once every hour, that bugs me
Good thing Aunt Leeda doesn't fart. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I'll try. What r the odds of getting in w/o registering in advance? I probably won't know until last minute if I can make it.
Happy Founders Day
Can't get enough of the Rocky Mountains another day on the slops!
. I can't with this ridiculousness. NKTOTBSB gets to compete alongside NKOTB & BSB? WHAT IS THE FUCKERY.
Fabulous #beer pairing dinner w/ at () tonite! Tasted Prince, NobleKing, Wunderkin & Blk Metal
lol yea I kno I'm a Lil behind the times lol
Tomorrow then. Excited to hear about your fitness ideas. I see your abbs, running around town lake like you own the place.
argggggg >".'< i cant find out the policy tat i had filling tat day~~ *die hard*!!
Rebecca who,Selena & Demi?.Bad parents, she didn't write it.Industry using bad press approach.Just tell ur kids another child exploited 4$!
« NO Lady wants a Man that's a bitch, Point blank.»
We are going to have to reschedule tomorrow. Greg got busy. How about next Tuesday at 2pm?
Will Ferrell is an icon, revolutionary, and a scholar
Fuckkkk bro i really wanted to go to the beach tmro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
She has a baby.
Audition Today for Werther's. Eating lots of caramel!
Reminder, this is the last week of our old business hours! Starting next Monday, August 1st, our new hours will be 8am-6pm.
I found it at Harris Teeter. Peanut Butter aisle.
RESPECT and LOVE! God bless you and yours
Where is my breast n biscuit lol RT : That chicken spot did me justice though <U+E010>
ESPN News - #Dodgers sign All-Star CF Matt Kemp to a 8-year, $160 million extension making it the biggest contract in team history
Contemplating boycotting social media today. Jealous of all that's happening at #UNC. Why didn't my parents hold me back??
I agree. Make your case, then be quiet. It's their turn to speak. Don't jump into the void. You may kill a "yes".
jealous. That is all
Time to go shopping for fox field!!
Appreciate it!!!!!! Happy to be home, but hate that I missed seeing you!
Apologies to for letting 's love of amazing artistry interfere w her views on what twitter should be
Absolutely. I really like the concept and think the site has huge potential. I look forward to hanging out more often.
sure (: I followed you and thanks for the follow <3
Best part of an aisle seat? All the people hitting me as they board. Spatially challenged people, apparently.
Smaking your gun just to make someone mad
played it for the first time recently. Was unaware of multiplayer going in. Good stuff.
Why does tour bus wifi always suck?
NEW MIX MAKES ME WANT TO PARTY NOW!!!!
New to yoga? Come to our beginner class tonight 6pm with Laura
LeBakery Boutique Cake Tasting next Friday from 5:30-7:30 p.m. Free to attend!
lol oh rachael
THAT woman, talking about JFK, is making me ill. Buy some class, lady!!
A year from today you'll be signing with #Purdue! :)
An Austin mother is going to prison for 35 yrs. next at 5.
amazing morning with - loved Paul's presentation - thank you!
pick a day...roll the dice...do something already. Lol
have I ever told you no? Oh, right, I haven't. That was your brother from this mother, Where is that kid, anyway?
Why is my life so fucked up?? :(
I only ever get sick at 3 am.
Audition - yay! Love it when you get paired up with a good partner!
I would say the streets are not normal. They are so empty. It's like 28 Days Later out there.
samantha22. now everyone knows it :)
I just love embarrassing myself
#iwannaknowwhy its damn near five o clock in the morning nd I'm up tweetiin nd shiit... DAMN!!! Must be excited bout my single release. WORD
Its the fuckin catalina wine mixer
strut across the stage *Naomi Campbell walk*
Nice try though(;
I really have never liked a guy simply for who he was and not what he could do for me. I'm happy to have this chance.
lol if u guys sold ice cream I'd come up there more
you rock!!
I've found I'm most efficient with 12 minute power naps. I'll leave the 20 to the cats.
If she still wearing heeleys
Fun, thought-provoking chat with and on a gorgeous sunny Seattle afternoon -- thanks for the time + insight
Good morning! Almost Friday!!
wanna see how fast I delete that tweet
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard?www.oody www.oodpecker.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL MICP STUDENTS on a successful completion of the Spring 2012 Semester!
Mistakes are a normal part of business. Sincerely apologize for the act itself, not just for the unintended impact.
Inspired by last two days of #kipcamp to try my hands at some #dataviz videos. Now I just need to pick the right tools.
you go to work and I to high school :p
She was on a ABDC episode she met them and yesterday she saw mikey and bailey at the movvies so ya. Shes nice!
trying to sleep! eh i cant do it lol
I know, it's amazing. Unicorn-like, at this point.
Not sure which version this was for, Evo/Revo? I've ran into several situations where I could have used something like it.
Having a look at #DADT report. No women among the review leadership--really?
Awesome! Thanks
Ford Mustangs are Sexy Beasts! (;
Back in Jamaica..too much snow and cold in NYC. I'll be uploading my HassyNYC challenge this weekend! Good thing it's a long one!
everyone please follow my Poplyfe Buddies
I've wondered about the on/off. Mine seem to go to sleep when the computer is turned off. I never turned them off.
is the sexiest man EVER. i will have his babies one day ;)
pounding 40's cause in tired of wine lol
Now I'm not going to be able to sleep.
Extremely #disappointed with the customer services I've been receiving from #LG - on top of being pissed my 3.5 m/o washer is broken
Ordered both- really interested in reading Quiet- that reading list just keeps growing -
The real culprits behind the recent attack on an EPD officer are the #falseflag "organizers" who twisted that young man's head around.
No problem
RT : Tampa Cuban Sandwich RT Q5 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of
#biggestturnoff when a guy asks you for "pictures" <<<<<<<<<<<<
Can't wait to see my dear friends Leah Goyak & Dave Menner become Husband & Wife tomorrow <3 You two were made for each other
I swore I'd never fall again, but this don't really feel like falling, Gravity can't begin to pull me back to the ground again
all i need is an I Love You from and my life is complete
Congratulations to on your multiple #MaggieAward noms! Great job!
Good Morning #Boston...hot or iced from #Starbucks to wake me up?!
I shouldn't have drove, tell me how I'm getting home..
is it worth my time to watch a bunch of bitches act stupid ?? I don't think so my dear.......
Wonderful! Best of luck!
Catching people in their own lies >
you turn on tutorial thn when there's a turn...you turn twice really face and it takes away everything.
yah I have my board but I wanna get in n out after school
I forgot how much I love 's music. This is making my morning much more pleasant.
Ah ! Ate too many hotdogs :P
Uggghhh. So hard to keep focused on a holiday afternoon.
yup and I am slightly depressed every day that I wake up and am not there
Yeah, I'm not creating anything. Purely a consumer. :)
The business thing is interesting. I'd be really good at an MBA program but "fitting in" keeps me away. I'm not business.
Who's stopping by for Cinco de Mayo this Saturday??
Planning for next tax season
Congrats! RT : Congrats ! You just won a $25 GC
Wa la magic! Wa la magic!
Tonight we are giving some of our proceeds to Children's Hospital, check it out and help children in need: www.dealshow.com
I'm so excited you joined Twitter lol. Just know it is hard to be as funny as Dave or Wil Wheaton so just try your best!!!
Happy New Year to everyone! Registration 4 #EdcampSS will b opening next week. Stay tuned 4 more details. www.edcampss.org
Page is terrific but the agency doesn't have an office in Louisiana so it's not an option.
I wish I wasn't stuck in stanges room during the #thunderstorm... I lurv da rain.
Valentines Day is so fake. If you love someone, you’ll treat him/her special every day. Not once out of 365 days Happy Valentines Day.
T2: Perhaps an operational, regional HIE could simply make the switch and begin operating as an ACO.
start > search 4 "computer management". Click storage > disk management. cont...
Haha I love the muppets
I would but I only had that realization myself recently. heh.
Darren is now following C.S.I. people....
Word!RT #Leo's are human lie detectors.
Ideas are flowing on water! #bigtime sales coming soon.
I love you. Hour late to my appointment? No problem! Brought my own parts? Sure! Bathroom? Yes, it's clean. Thank you.
#sushi with
RT I think yr ridiculous faith-based politics that go directly against the words of jesus are inexcusable Thoughts?
Now there's a happy soul
practice good referral karma, give referrals to receive
In her new book 'Bossypants,' Tina Fey claims that Cheers has one of the best pilot episodes she's ever seen.
#Millennials and Print Newspapers: A Surprising Story
Alaska Airlines & #Starbucks Team Up to Serve Freshly Brewed #Coffee Onboard All
Starting to watch #downtonabbey, I know, a bit
I want a tatoo
Instead of doing #FF why don't I just follow new people instead? So who wants a
Wow!!!!! Its snowing in late March in LA
Okay Creepers, I'm not in the mood for you today. You've been warned.
must of thought he was
they suck. Told ya. Sorry anyways
Ridiculous. Whether he was number 1 or up and down like he is now, Tiger has always had behavior issues on the course
well the sun was out in chicago but the cold is coming back with a vengeance. change is good right???
life has been hell! Never take your parents for granted. No one will ever love you as much as your parents do. Get well soon mom.
Need music? Email me at
I wonder does this# work
I know that you're completely shocked right now. Will this change your mind about Raburn for right now at least?
so you're saying noones going to get drunk? Ahaha
Fantastic!! I'm counting on you next time!
": “: love ur self. ur to young for love” yourself* You are* too*" ay dios mio u wood
“: My flight to Newark from KC is delayed. Thankfully my connecting flight is late evening." CC:
Do you think Montee Ball has a chance at the Heisman?
The articles I read said it happened NINE times before!
whats everyone #working on today?
Thanx 4 the love. God bless.
sounds good! I'm coming to visit u and D sometime next month :)
love this photo! Makes me excited for summer!
Laughed so hard I was crying talking to my honey on the phone. I miss my best friend!!
#ResumeWriting will always be the #SpawnOfSatan in this new #GlobalJobMarket. It's #Evil #Peepil!
Living life to the fullest don't have time to care cause im busy doing what im doing
from one melissa to another and from one powerlist recpt to another...hello & congratulations!
If we focus on how much we do for others and how little we feel appreciated, our thoughts will take us to a place of resentment, Where...
I've had a great day -- thanks
And my fitness level is going up. Personal trainer is kicking my ass. I love to hate him.
That sounds like a good bet...unless she's cross eyed. Lol
i love the amazing world gumball :D only little longer til mall time :D c:
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"..........
Where'd you find it?
Po man how was the trip
UM, HELLO? SPOILER ALERT? GAWD!
Congratulations to for being named one of the best children's hospitals in the nation!
..thank you Minister B..cant wait to hear about your trip. I know God met you there!
Thanks for the s/o! Greatly appreciated!!!
Twitter can do the same thing.
hahaha talk about a prime example!
I DON'T PHUCK W/ SQUARES; DOES THAT MEAN I'M OUTTA SHAPE? SMDH,,,, "LiL Wayne"
Some woman passed out two pews behind me in church omg that was scary
Happy birthday!
You know you want just a couple more...
Happy Birthday to one ahhhhmaaaaahhhzing young woman! <3
While your experiences of your past will shape you, in no way do those experiences have to define you. ~ Carole Brody Fleet
haha! that is amazing! I would maybe kill to see that at the Old Library.
we're just meant to be <3
LOL! Love your bio! To Oxford or not to Oxford, that is always a big question for me!
RT : . Truth: "The right book has to reach you at the right time, & no person can be reached by every...
Instead of worrying about cutting meals, be healthy and increase calories burned during exercise.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm confusing lol and stubborn
Happy Groundhog Day!
more than ham, less than a roast.
Who's on the "must see" list today?
No tweet can ever do justice in describing just how insanely happy and in love I am. <3 :')
Join us 2morow, New Hope Metro @ Aloha Tower; time to Level Up in our Prayer Life. Lord I believe; help my unbelief!
#WalkingDead... What kind of fucking season finale was that?!
So sleepy... Spread across his bed no room for him!!!!! Sorry :-)
I will be taking a half day today as the #Cubs opener comes on @ 11:10 on the west coast.
I always have to end up hurt don't I?
MSW booked Snowman vs Jake t Snake for Dome. Muhammad Ali 2nd Sman. Office said it would crush JYD's Dome records
That is insane. I wear 4T sometimes.
i want eat im hungry !
Lovely lines. Oh, and I guess the Eames is nice too.
Aw lots of tree #love in that photo, Thanks for starting Friday off loverly.
I would say so! #libmade Librarians here made history yesterday (passed the uni's first open access policy)
Out of the El Cajon city council meeting, MOTHER GOOSE ROCKS is the theme of next year's Mom Goose Parade. You heard it here first!
What a wonderful day in company of The renegades
Indeed, Ron! But better second half!
thx! They were running around the room yelling, "we're famous, we're famous!" when they delivered a copy of the paper.So cute!
yep! I was just reading about her! That's funny how we remembered this day lol.. Let's see how long she'll actually stay in jail!
it seems to me that Fox News is pretty mainstream, wouldn't you say?
Dmitri Young - "D'meat Hook" was pretty awesome
didn't know good night..made her night ;)
Check out Victoria's Secret's sexually suggestive Toronto Blue Jays–branded ... - Toronto Life (blog)
I totally remember when we had you come in to test all of those foundation shades at Shop Etc!!
Noeleen: In a crisis, you need to stick with the main likable spokesperson, even when the story gets bigger.
Quake Arena Arcade needs its own Wikipedia page, methinks. Any volunteers? =)
I'm bouta be knocked
Shes taller than me *sigh
I can tweet about whatever the fuck I want, and I'm really starting to get sick of people giving me shit for it.
Watch out bitches, she throws down on Bastille Day!
Can I be the Son-In-Law? RT Father picked me up on his midlife crisis Harley. I'm hoping he buys a midlife crisis island next.
Man, i'm just trying to live life to the fullest. to do that, you got to be at your best...
Finishing Couggtry's work I procrastinated... gotta love it.
Very true! RT : Free weights tend to bring more definition bc you use your stabilizing muscles to balance the weight
“: hey how are u tonight:-)” I'm good
Grapes + time = wine. (There's more to it, but that's the basic equation.)
We are responsible for the first step in answering our own/others prayers-thru intentions/ efforts, we create opening & space for God to act
It's to the point where i dont even wanna be alive<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Looking at my middle school year books... We have changed BIG TIME.
I'd be happy to discuss this in more depth with on Bloggingheads or elsewhere.
you need to come back to Seattle with your lovely very lovely self :) i remember meeting you long ago... ! :)
Long night.. Off to bed!
The Man Behind the Shades, interviewed in New York Times feb 2000 pop scene tracking down the souls of Nashville 9 years later 65 % Blind
Family, Friends and Soccer <333
Thanks! We have some waiting for you.
Invaders! Er, welcome to Pasadena. The line at Europane is nuts today.
On wednesdays we wear pink
I'm at #smccsc which auto correct tries to make "dmv sc" dear god why... I thought I was done with the state!
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein
We'll be open at 6 a.m. tomorrow for #OpeningDay with broadcasting live! Go Go!
Always love having our mayor in on Taco Tuesday!
I think girls r neat
They dnt pay me enough to get nervous or stress about anything
Bird pooped on me yesterday and today we have a company field trip today to the Casino! Let's hope the saying stands true #BirdPoop=GoodLuck
Write a great letter to casting directors. It should be confident, but not ridiculously cocky, because they don't know you yet. But strong.
but trust your intuition.
oh, what the hell man? as soon as I say what great weather it is, the skies totally cloud over. messing up my shoot!
High five for college education!
For It's Natl Patient Advocacy Week, honoring healthcare professionals who work to ensure that all receive high-quality care
I'd rather be let down than be a let down. BLEGH!!
all good...especially 30 minutes ..I haven't seen bad teacher ..but for a buck why not
Single wingmanning it up tonight. New goal: not to get chopped up into little bits.
Ugh! Annoying parents of the other team are annoying.
Mayor: we care a out PSq because it's a place that can lead the city
Sorry to bother you again. I wanted to confirm if you've received both emails and are declining both events. Thank you
the increasing use of "EDM" outside academia comes from the bleed between academic & journalistic EDM writing…
Now I know why I've been in #bitchmode <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Who will dunk three balls now?
When your hearts set on something, do it. Don't give up, no matter what. Fight for it if you really believe in it. I'll always fight.
I'd tweet about my #hamstring, too, but I'm Jewish.
made it to 1k. thank you everyone!
Thank you for liking it! I so hoped you would.
I am DJing at Tiga Bar tomorrow night - Friday, Nov12 - 9pm to close. Come on down!
First 5 designs $15ea. for all ULC /Cap Logos at GalaxyDigitizing. Get a special quote for bigger designs. Email:
#wordoftheday Trepidation (n) A feeling of fear or agitation about something that may happen / Use in a sentence! Best 1 read @ 6:50 on 91.3
Were playing in front of the UCF Arena this Thursday at 6:00 pm. Come laugh at the dancing puppets.
Plottin to take over the world
haha I was about to turn off my TV and then I saw Ramires's run and finish lol.. but I hate how uefa cheats for barca every time
AGREED RT : You are THAT GIRL... such an inspiration to women everywhere!! Thank you for being such a bad ass!! xoxo
While still shelving DVDs, I become disconcerted at the thought that MULHOLLAND DR is generally better thought of than INLAND EMPIRE.
We're excited to be 's "Jingle Bells at Kells" holiday party! Come support a good cause and enjoy some food & drinks with us! :)
Mario using the turtle shell as a hat was great.
Every morning I get up and go to work and earn a living for my family. My wife never stops working #24/7Worker
Courage is being scared, but standing up anyways.
Passing the #CampingBan + killing #civilunions. Ugly day for equality/fairness in
A bad run is better than no run at all, right?
Haha. My phone isn't smart so I have to tweet on my Apple before I leave my house.
Happy Saint Patty's day!
Have fun !!! (But I know I don't have to tell YOU that!) :)
life is obnoxious, make yours meaningful.
oh fo sho. Ice cream tomorrow? Bring the ladies.
I hate sleeping with both legs under the cover, I always wake up hot.
Lazy Friday flow
Last night had the honor of watching The Wooten Bros., Future Man and Mandy Mason perform. Had to be the best show of Nashville!
It's time on #TheVoice!! Let's show 'em how it's won!!
Thanks for the Tweet! Be sure to follow! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out! I am probably going to butcher your name :/ Ha!
You have seen this before, but have you thought about it this way? "You Must Be Present To Win"! Coach Terry
-- Also if you want more bubbles, the Lisp -> Planner -> Prolog and Planner -> Scheme
What is Bethea doing in the endzone? He wasn't covering anyone Man to man inside the 20!!! Change the defensive scheme Poor poor coaching
You guys should really make a kindle service for arts and letters daily, or atleast use their stories
Thank you, Gary Farmer and Heritage Title, for sponsoring the Fight for Air Climb again this year! We very much appreciate your support!
Hello Twitter, from LinkedIn.
Do you ever cook with the Quorn products? Side note, you have some crazy-long eyelashes. Very pretty!
You is pretty, you is kind, you is important
I need a haircut asap
Good for him, now he speaks about it RT : Obama to kids: Carbon is warming the planet. We should do something about this....
:D SORRY.
Finally got my new phone
See.... what would I do without you:) GOALS!!!!!!!! I'll dream about them tonight!! lol
worse night ever got no sleep thunder was so close and supper loud i stood up all night only one hour of sleep
that is literally the two best song writers ever together omfg I can't even imagine how great it will be
It takes a lifetime to know your partner; but it’s not needed at the cost of losing yourself
And I'm back at it again.... Hello Twitter
Glad to meet you! Always good to find a fellow defend of Life on Twitter.
aww thanks for the love :-)
but to post up my surprise plan for tomorrow im gona need everyones help to make sure the band sees it!
Ali threw his gold medal in Ohio River 2 protest Vietnam War, he was a draft dodger & coward, & I'm from the Ville
I don't think ppl should be allowed to save seats.
Show off those guns u've been building at heat boot camp.
Could I get an invite to try art.sy? I have some colleagues in the Miami museum world that are interested in seeing what it can do.
wasn't messing around tonight.
Good folks to
Haha, going to watch Jersey Shore over again from last week. Just to watch Mike, get frigged up. :)
And she's down. #Enterprise has landed at JFK. NY, take good care of her! Love, Washington
Glad it rained. Vegas is too damn dry.
Does anybody else have fat on the top part of their stomach? Like under your boobs, its really annoying
What should I do on my birthday? It's on Thanksgiving this year..
will be at WordCamp but I'll sponsor someone.
skyping with tyra. she needs to get a twitter
It isn’t defeat, but rather your mental attitude toward it, that whips you. Napoleon Hill
If you find one you like, please let me know. I always get annoyed with the layouts, then give up.
I need sleep please pick me :-)
My Spanish vocabulary lists are getting more and more specific and full of words that I probably have not used in English in years.
Cute how girls are tweeting about the #Masters like they're golf pros.
Horrible call on Briggs
So bored...someone tweet me!
Is there any good app that will allow me to record a podcast using my iPhone? (looking for good sound quality)
They say "No matter who broke your heart, or how long it takes to heal, you’ll never get through it without your friends." So thank you. Ily
Thank you Denver for all your support. This is one great community!!
I like him, he likes me, we arent dating yet. Thats why its complicated,
If you cool we cool, you love - we love you more, you cry - we hold you, you F**K wit us your finished.
U Can Call It Dat & Everything's A Go, Go, Go!!
How did you know I am curvaceous? LOL! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Ah so angry. I will now complain and have no one care what i say.
Many thanks! Not necessarily much change in the ear, but I did make it to work today (kind of pathetically).
If you want people to take responsibility and do the right thing, empower them with decision rights and a clear goal!
i just wanted to say that i love u <U+2665>
Why hello NASA tv, nice to see y'all
Gottlieb: Asked whether investigation into Maywood finances, answer was no. Happened to ask, what about Bell? Answer was yes....
Vaporization with a flying sensation.
good afternoon (:
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Tip of the day: An efficient technique used to eat meat is to place it into the inside of your mouth and chew it.
Twitter will not let me reply to your DM! Says we my follow-y affection is not returned. Twitter doesn't know us at all.
watching #movies is one of my #favorite things to do.
OK, who wants a job? Taking applications.
Climate change and compassion go together #DalaiLama tells Maureen Cavanaugh.
Thanks for your follow as well. I'm happy to give you feedback on your site. Definitely appreciate your writing!
Hey check this out! At 3:30pm & 7pm we will be giving away a VIP card to the #WatchMKE Release Party via Twitter, so make sure you watch! RT
Hello Tweet-World!!! We are District Elements!
This may well be the last summer weekend of 2011. How are you celebrating?
we'll be announcing a new tour within the month and I'm hoping we make it out in March or April.
Writing my next play. The characters are dancing around in my head. Time to grab the pen.
good luck!
Nope and you are losing. Too bad.
add to that Cleveland scores TD on opening drive for the first time this season...
Ughh might quit track because i cant run!!:/ i pulled a thigh muscle!!!;(
OH: have you ever tried a kusshi? (pronounced it coochi). Answer: um... Yes!!
We're interviewing Bella Thorne Disney's new star of Shake It Up! Any questions for her?
Just Announced! 5 Week Technique Class for Actors Tues, May 11 - June 8 / 7-10pm Return students receive a discount. www.actorsintensive.com
A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
True and real you fool.
LA City Council approves 8% bid preference to local companies on +$150K contracts. Mayor Villaraigosa asks board to back same.
Week three of a three-month power block. Next post is on the merits of Small Business Development Centers and the SCORE program.
"19th amendment & equal work for equal pay, we're for it, but you want to drink our diet soft drink? sorry ladies, no way"
“I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.”...
i always want what i can't have: every cat ever.
“: perhaps I will come see your cute face! Yaya! Miss you too kitten nose you and rich & everyone have to come and sty
better be.
Soldier Boy...Hecky naw new tune already 40 year old fool
You text me. I text you back right away. Then you answer me 5 hours later? What the hell was the point of texting me?!
Well today is my official #Friday even though its Saturday. A drink at 530 am sounds like the right thing to do!!
< she's a virgin!
You whore I was calling you -_- I know your probably looking for something I just found :p
Hullo real person! Nice to meet you, yknow, sorta. Having a good one?
The Fray on my shuffle mix. Makes me REALLY anxious for Thursday's #GraysAnatomy (cc: )
RT : Wine. Rain. Season four of "Mad Men." College football fantasy draft. One hell of a Saturday night.
WoP had 80% acceptance rate which O'Connor reduced to 10%.
Got a new boyfriend, do you? Ha! Kidding, friend. RT love me some
Best wishes for 2012 to all my tweets friends
Wow did that really happen? C'mon ducks recruit a kicker!!!!
"my friends, you bow to no one." - Aragorn. Cue intensely emotional Howard Shore music
i know im happy too:)
Tabloid Ty, J.Dot the MC. and Deejay Get Right have vowed that anything Far Fetched from happening they will make happen....
I got rejected when I asked if I could just go pee...
Happy Thanksgiving from Portland!!
I MADE THE COVER PHOTO THANKS (;
WHO let's celebrate!
The journey is the reward.
No, I did not. I might try to get it for the Vancouver show though. How about you?
Cholesterol of American adults 2x as high as indigenous cultures due to processed food, sedentary lifestyles etc.
Stunning indeed. Thank you for sharing!
“: Gah my haircut looks strait out of Forrest Gump #shameful” can't wait to see haha!
Watching Barney with the kids and is on it lol she looks so young n cute
I'm so excited for tomorrow! <U+E409>
turns out is on this.
oh yeah sweet mango habanero sauce.. deeeericous
Love u moms!! Thank u mother earth!! We fighting for you!! The children unite
RT : DC F&EMS at the Wellness & Safety Fair at the Georgetown Safeway - 1855 Wisconsin Ave. NW
Big Boy Status!
missed you too
If the Supreme Court shoots down Obamacare, Obama will be heading for the emergency exit faster that a Jet Blue Pilot!
When the teenager goes to college tomorrow, we will have a big Pug Party....BOL
sorry I don't. Sold them all back. They are cheap on amazon and all on Netflix though.
Want to see how books contribute to the downfall of, well, me? I was reading this morning so was rushing to get ready. 1/2
How to love the Chicago Cubs for Dummies! (Or how to love someone who does!).
At Harry's in downtown St Augustine. Tasty...
Anyone else see the poster at the game that said they drove from Minnesota for Beckham's jersey? lol
Thanks Arthur ;-) RT : : " Great session, gents." Seconded!
glad you came out!
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Is the metadata party extensible? Like, to Houston? :-)
Does anyone have a story about the companies National Debt Crisis or National Debt Report that they can share?
....the best reputation is to have none at all
Paris Hilton!
Good Morning Chicago! TRY OUR SECRET WEAPON! Ask about our atomic cake not listed on our site. =] www.happycakewilltravel.com
#100thingsilove More than I can list.
Great News! DWC is now offering select workshops to qualify for 1 or 3 college credits! For more info email us @
#harrypotterlive I JUST CHEERED!
hope u rooted for KU
Wow, thanks for the heads up on that Brandon! I will email you the PDF here shortly. I apologize for the confusion!
we are here M-F 7:00 am-3:00 pm and Saturday 10:00 am - 2:00 pm. Hope to see you soon... The pumpkin pie is awesome!
Good mornin' out there
Hey cool you're tweeting from your iPhone. I should've got this a long time ago
" #bitches" who?
go back on skype. i can talk now
There are a few others. You will find them among those I follow. Someone else started a HoustonMetro & the media is joining
Can any one tell me why I should see Social Network....anyone?
Sorry doesn't mean nothing when you continue to do the same thing your saying for. Can't wait to get home. Your really pissing me off smh
How do you like our broom? win!
mad grateful to be alive today. RIP greg krasco not a day goes by i dont pray for u bud. keep watching ova me kid, i no up thea smiling down
": Yay for spending the holidays in snowy Maine!!" Ash! stop in portland and drop off jp as an early xmas prez? #jealous lol
good morning!
You guys are gay!
embraces pubic hair RT : Fellas chest hair is not sexy!!! Get that shyt taken care of!
Thanks Ron!..God bless you!
Just went HAM and crushed the fam in Harry Potter Scene It
"Time will tell if this the first salvo in a larger hairstylist revolt or, simply, an isolated incident." ---
heard it was great! Can't wait to see
thanks maybe in competition with my site EBIDJOB
Nowak says an offer was received from another unidentified team.
So glad you all have weathered the weather. Scary.
RT : New #Dodgers chair Mark Walter: "this is really not about us. This is about the Dodgers."
No day but today.
Well, Silent House is pretty much a pile of shit.
I'm sorry I'm on everyone's shit list because I took sloppy notes for KLDP. I love working but nobody wants me to.
glad to help. we love your artwork...
or do you live here and I missed it?
Um that bio? Lmao very creative!
you should write a letter! ;) i love that you're on twitter.
With what i know now...i'm never going back
It's a Twin Peaks kinda day...
Yes, I AM fun! And unstoppable.
I'm trying to open your blog but it won't load. If you're updating, hurry! you're wasting my precious spare midnight time ;)
is anyone really surprised that Jones & Snyder are the 2 owners who messed up that big w/ spending?
i almost retweeted with an I'm gonna do some muting for a little bit.
my favorite morning show personality is on Lets Stay Together...good job Rickdog
Nothing Just Layying Downn wit myy Pillow Pet! (: *I Love Aaron*
#2ThingsIAppreciate 1. Ur mom, and 2.Ur dad for making u and for making u so beautiful!
eaiting toaster strudels with the icing (:
"if there is no deadline, there is no project." right on!
#CAD2012 Children's Council will be co-chaired by Governor and Mrs. Haslam
Just saw Chagrin Falls Hardware on the ABC nat'l news. So great to see how the community pulled together to save this NEO business.
Lets do this right (:
It will be interesting to see where players end up after the firesale. Borja Valero and Bruno are very interesting players.
No I hold onto brees who's having a historic year at QB
Oop...there's the #rawmilk bit
today class is optional... in my mind anyway
Chips & hummus is fried chicken bitch.
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Hope Highbrow
Sinning at sunrise is the best time! No one expects it. ;-) XOXO
Watching a movie with my bebeh. <3. Then I'm gonna take a shower and head to bed. I lovee you Brian!! (:
You are so demanding! ;-)
Check out these bands!
now im tired talk to you later
iam good same stuff doing the makeup thing working alot same old same old what about you?
actually, sex is the key, which is a message you guys should like. It all has to do with Peter & Olivia doing the nasty.
hey would u want to tlk to me I don't really tlk to anyone on here I just want to make new friends tht r beliebers like me
#CommunicatingStylesSurvey - A unique, diagnostic instrument which is easy to take and easy to score
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be.
Didn't do my Spanish
At the Lobster Festival with listening to these old women talk about their love for big balls. #shit old people talk about
My superviser said "you don't make groceries, you go grocery shopping" I said "I beg to differ, some of us make groceries"
Man sues BMW, alleging motorcycle seat gave him a two year erection. That must be one good looking motorcycle seat.
The off the charts Cedar coupled with mild mold are killing me! Anyone have and tried and true natural relief remedies?
it's a bit stuffy in here, any chance we can get the AC up?
Sure, he's "your" boyfriend, but he's happier with me then he Is with you! And you still ask why?! HA ! ;D
amen, brother! ryno is a winner! paid his dues and deserves a chance! not a phone call!
whew! almost time to started editing the spaces back out of the words ;-D
and are the coolest and funniest girls on earth, go follow them
THE CHALLENGE - 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad. Direct Message me to signup!
The game in Sleeter was fun(:
First time Mrs. Chazin is picking me up at school since Freshman year
RT : What building is this in?......This is one of two new floors being built on top of Prior Health Sciences Library.
just trying to keep up with you since you have following you.
Chicken and waffles is a southern staple - that you are ruining with Nuggets and Eggos. :)
it's so sad when one's tivo cue lasts longer than a marriage.
can u please follow me back
Hahahahaha RT : The fact that my whole family knew what was going on and i was sleeping...
6th period empty !
come visit me I work 12 to 4
when does SYTYCD start?
RT : We are thrilled to announce we hit our #EarthMonth goal of raising $4 million 4 clean water projects! Thanks for your hard work!
Man, Iowa and Nebraska on Thanksgiving Friday at midday again? As though the tryptophan from turkey won't induce enough drowsiness...
Just get your ass back home<U+2665>
cant wait(:
Tweeting in the shower.SMH
I know EXACTLY who your talking about
Thanks for following. I am a former English Teacher. Loved it 4 15 years. Now working for , on teaching prof
14 likes till we release a song :)
“: a little concerned that I had a piece published 3 hrs ago and nobody's written anonymously to tell me I'm an idiot/not funny”
yes you can! My sister got you down she wants to know what is your name hair and eye color!
Wish I was at SAN with you David. How did *my* empathy session go (I was co-chair in-absentia with Sylvia Morelli)
Scratch that: Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your console dies :/ \:
FML!!! They just ripped my poster!!
Sometimes it look like i jus stepped outta 300 the Movie
Good man!!!
omg nd my mom told me that my tits were too big for her liking. and that it looks like a igot a bood jawb. like omFG y r u lookin
Back from PR screening of Mirror Mirror. Tarsem Singh is AMAZING at visuals, each frame is a like a painting. The Fall is still my fave!
I think it's on D12 i don't remember but I'll look.
Where do you go to satisfy your #milkshakemadness cravings? Who has the best malt or shake action in town?
If that Cooper shot had gone in I might have cleared a whole 2 inches off the ground jumping in joy
Towns in Ore., Scotland hope partnership excite tourists into going somewhere Boring and Dull
lmao u should see her with chips n dips n that state
We love that wine and it is our new favorite....Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday......
Congrats to the players and coaches of NIU! Amazing comeback
We will be! Happy Love Day to YOU too! Thanks for all you do to support Glade!
Pretty much equal offers.
cash needs one! “: Remember, your first chance to get your hands on the new Seahawks jersey is 4/26"
no I won't be in town till feb. But I may work out a little road trip to visit you.
Cleaning up New York: Check our web page for more-- Baldinger
...I'd make Wash a bird! Since they are technically dinosaurs and also he's the pilot.
what is up with this whole selena crying story?? can someone please tell me
Yes, that was great fun! See you soon.
"Click here for hot insurance open enrollment action!"
It only makes sense if he thinks UW will stay in the tourney as the 3rd Pac-12 team. Otherwise, remove them.
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing. - Camille Pissarro
Bashful, (adj: shy, like Pimiento, 1 chicken here) LITTLE WOMEN: "It would not have seemed...a more impossible task for bashful Beth"
idEK. iM scaRED.
was so good to spend time with you! safe travels! one last *high five* for the road! ;)
I work with some funny ppl! But, they make my "9-5 life" entertaining!
#Brewers at #MillerPark vs #Astros on Friday, April 22nd at 7:10 p.m. Let us take you out to the ball game! Reserve now...call 608-764-2917
it's very.. blue outside.
You're a bullshit friend
Dear smokers in #ROC, Hikari Mart in the #SouthWedge now has a loose tobacco station and a machine that rolls cheap cigarettes.
it's my birthday!(: it'd be amazing to get a tweet from you!
Crazy day at work ahead. Off premise at Monticello. God I hate leaving property, can't get shit done.
Sonny's Car Wash equipment is about to take Wisconsin by storm. The highest quality equipment in the world is available with CWGuys!
Our show launch is interfering with my Words With Friends games
#Eastboundanddown SO GLAD April is back!!!
always a good year to be in #IT :-)
I wish I could be outside doing work!
Listening to Valentine's Girl
Copped the last pass for advanced movie screening tomorrow, score!
#Caps Backstrom said he is leaving today for the world championships
this summer i fell down a small waterfall and landed in a baby leech nest. you're glad you werent there.
Mitt is killing me right now...your papa had money...you never had to struggle to make ends meet.
#BU #Terr12rs MT : Red Sox fans attending today's game should try to be in their seats by 3:30 for Tim Wakefield ceremony.
Bitch please.
Double album release (Woolly Mammoth and Human Behavior) tonight at Dry River Collective, 8 pm!
a person
Who isn't doing something on Mother's Day and would like to go downtown with me?
yeah. I hate it too. But I didnt expect the tide to get up for that one.
What should I expect from a beta test of my learning game? Any advice?
I'm still at the office :(
Staying at the Park Plaza, graduating in the morning...where the hell did my life go?
MN Gophers. Final 4!! NIT. Never mind.
Can you ever have too many books?!! Just found another book series I want the read. The 1st book is "City of Bones" there 5 books so far.
Hard to leave Mantle off there too - and how about Yogi and Ford? Tough to pick only 4 (and I'm a Mets fan)
God will never send anything your way you couldn’t handle
ayy i hope you're ok .
anyways going to bed in a decent mood!! Goodnitee tweeters <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
My brother started a new job in new york city this week. He's 23 and has a view of midtown from his office on the 15th floor.
Can't wait to cover it for y'all! :) see everyone there.
Keep holding the fort down!
:( I think you are amazing
What will make you great today. Not tomorrow or 5 years from now....today. That's how you need to live today. Now go out and go for it!!
I thought that i had followed you when you created the account, but something changed. Anyways, it seems to have worked now!!
yes, is a pretty amazing guy! So glad to see him succeeding as a writer and motivator
I already have! I love hearing your voice.
gotta follow :0)
For you or for the kids?
So these bitches r complaining bout a dirty crib, yet they throwing feathers everywhere n havin a pillow fight?!?
If you haven't already listened to our demo of Stuck on our Facebook page go listen now and leave some feedback!
ur a damn lie.
whoa whoa...
Pick up packets for the Run Like Hell 5k at Phidippides Ansley Mall thru Wed 10/19. Check our website for hours (we are closed on Sundays!)
Congrats to , Wesleyan Lady Wolves and St Francis Lady Knights for their respective 1st Rd State Tourney wins last night.
Just went to coney island and to the beach
Mothers! Trayvon’s screams echoed in all your entrails.
Er, I meant it looked MORE impressive in person. A big tree came very close to falling on my church.
The axe man cometh
I'm jealous... went there in February & absolutely loved it! Have fun!
Good night everyone :-P
Loved the Greek Yogurt Commw/Stamos and Madonna as gr8t!~~
And how many times does Newt mention Reagan in his victory speech tonight?
Wow! I'm impressed.
Thanks the b-day wishes! My age is beginning to match my IQ...
Happy Holidays!
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's Vitamin C Day! You know what that means people-Screwdrivers!!!
Hayy can't wait for the season premiere of glee on tuesdayy!!! Omg it's gonna be so awesome!!!
Traveling with the hubster , a sleeping baby, #totalpillow and my #crocs while listening to #StraightNoChaser songs on
RT : Travelers should expect an increased security presence on planes & #Metro trains 1 year after bin Laden's death....
RT : Nugs coach George Karl on rebuilding: "How we rebuild our team and construct it, there are going to be some tough moments."
I was supposted to go in june, pero I was like no cuz I wanna go to the #1girl tour, btw wats yha bbm?
The !st annual CARE council benefit looks like a great time. Thanks for organizing. We will be sure to spread the word!
$2 Coronas and $5.99 Classic Burger Meal Deal (burger, fries & n/a drink) @ The Goat! Mention this TWEET and get a free dessert!!!
Movies thIs early in the morning>>>
#thissummer I got so much ass! (:
Everything is going according to plan!
When the girl your crushing on has a boyfriend or doesn't like you the same <<<
got married? We didn't even know there was a registry for gifts! ...well, candlesticks make for a nice present...
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and you friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Wow, that's crazy...
Nothing lasts forever.
Our adult improv class is THIS Sunday, Feb 26th, 10a-4p. Come get in on the fun and learn some new tricks, so you are always on your toes!
love that Laker fan still think Chris Paul has a chance to go to LA
Ok I'm just going to have to deal with going to school...
exactly a waste
Isnt that so sweet.
oh ok lol
Hey #CueFans! We're excited for #Sharkweek at CueReal! RT this if you are too!
Messing around with java jts (computational geometry) package in jython.
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll visit my house sometime soon!
on to a museum marathon tomorrow....
The biggest enemy you<U+FFFD>ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Polar Bear 5k Strut this morning for Special Olympics with the fellas.
It's my 30th #birthday today. Conventional wisdom suggests this means I am "old", while my 20-inch pythons suggest you don't call me that.
So excited finally has an app!!!
Watching scary movie 2 love this movie!!! it never gets old.
Indeed sir!
The easiest way to get someone to smile is to smile. ~ A.D. Williams
love these shots. you just have the eye my friend.
Need to see my bay because i kno he got me a big sloppy kiss....Mekhi gives me al the love.... lucky me
I Really Need To Relax!
hope you got the pics! (:
HAPPPPPYYY BIIIRTHHHDAYYYYY IN THE EAST COAST!
I want to find the #fantasyfootball team that drafted: Chris Johnson, Philip Rivers, Peyton Hillis, and Reggie Wayne.
Motos soup = amazing!
i was watching movies last night and couldnt talk on the phone, so I DIDNT ANSWER IT :)
Thank God....
It's harder to game social signals than links says
Strands are for keratin tips or Brazilian knot extensions.Tracks are machine weft extensions- put in hair to put in extensions
Open up a fortune cookie to find "Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!"
wats good people's. Wats yalls email. I got a track from cboogs I want y'all on. Let me know if y'all cant rock wit it
follow me back? :)
Be still and know I am
Still recovering from taping 21 episodes of Bobby Jones Gospel. *sleepy*
We have coming out with The Grackles on Sat 5/19. Can't wait!
The beginning of the year is a great time for renewal of energy & taking on the things we’ve always wanted to tackle! Wishing you success!<U+2665>
I just had to go to LinkedIn and give Melinda a thumbs up recommendation! We had a great first meeting - can't wait till Friday's show!
doesn't like avocados? = doesn't compute. ;) j/k my kids just started liking avos b/c of #muffintinmeals. :)
#FusionLive The High Guyz are in the building! !
that would be awesome! and are you guys planning on touring?
Hubby works at a school where one of the girl's name is La - A ... can you guess how it's pronounced?
I'm am so blessed .. thank you Jesus!!!
Nashville based, Roggg Woodruff, shooting in Huntsville Alabama
not coming?? Bo!!!
"i just wanna scream HELLO!" -Pearl Jam
*dead* RT I've got some E, some Darude and a strobe light, wanna fuck? ~ Every stock broker I ever met in the 90's.
Congrats. Nice race under those conditions.
That would be a hottie overload.
Welcome back, students -- today is the first day of classes in 2012.
Careful man, thats almost humble brag material! Haha...
Just saw it..call in a few
thank you!!
F*cking Hate My Life Seriously .
I'm watching...
we have found an apartment, we go to look at it on Monday of next week and than hopefully put our deposit down on the 25th yaayyyy :)
RT : God Morning everyone, now is my turn to get a retweet for my birthday! Wohooo!! Awesome!!!!
Yeah; earlier today...
Instead of Gatsby, would like Baz Luhrman to remake Grease, cuz you know that remake is coming soon.
If you do not wish to be prone to anger, do not feed the habit; give it nothing which may tend to its increase.
Live in NYC but I went to high school in Bonners Ferry :-) Spokane was like Mecca.
Key Elements to Think About upon Buying Bucket Truck Sales
81,000 followers by tomorrow night? With #RObotz anything is possible! Night!
: ( Yeah, some people have no business having kids.
Fox News: ICE director admits to stealing 550k. Does a government reflect it's leaders ethics? ,)
Vegas in Chicago weekend!!! hahahaha
Yay! // RT : I plugged THATCampLAC to my students today.
always on they grind while u sleep we work while u work we work
that is bad news for Portland and great news for Olympia. Good for you!
Yep & there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base. They cancel each other out.
Sitting here wondering if Muslims type "OMA" instead of "OMG"
“: I'm so glad my mom isn't a regular mom; she's a cool mom.”I'm totally with you on that!! Mine is as well!
Thanks for the RT!!!
up little late this morning, no stress no problems.
had such a fun day with nd :] U GUYS ARE THE BEST,, I LOVE U !! <3
Nice work Tough loss but a step in the right direction for soccer in the US. You did our nation proud.
Thanks for the RT!
Awhh. There's too much cute in that picture for me to handle. Ahah(;
when you cry yourself to sleep.</3
No of course not why would you say that?
thanks for the mention in the newest issue of !! Future collaboration for the creation of a donut ice cream sundae?!
Dekalb county messin wit me... It's all good though
Wish I didn't have be at work. Sounds interesting! Today 12:30: Curatorial assistant on Andy Warhol's "Marilyn Monroe's Lips."
I love Mary J Blige, but why would you pick one of her songs for an idol performer?..Jimmy is trying to sabotage Joshua...smh
Student stabbed near U of M campus on busy street last night. Police call it "random" attack.
Damn... Rookies are Pulling through
On that note, good night, good people!
im buying a used ps2 and getting both of the kingdom hearts new so i can finally finish them
I expect to see you at the glass, sir.
No not me...what part of town and whic device do you use? RT : Anyone else having service issues with in #ElPaso?
that's really beautiful! thank you :D
That the Secretary of Education was with the President Friday and hadn't thought to say, "Umm, before you make that proclamation, sir. . ."
Everyone go follow he is new to twitter and a big uk fan
This entire weekend i did homework to get my grades up. Got all my work done. 10 days of school left.
I woke up late last night and tried to write. I thought using my iPad would be easier, but it just wasn't the same as scribbling on paper.
daily #homeschool tip: summer's here; replace 'school' with 'pool'. math/physics - flow of current;aquatic ecosystems; swim in spanish..;
aw. Curie patootie!
yo bitch what up
so only one picture for all of them.? okayy.
Never in a million years I would do my so call bestfriend like that
Early film submission deadline is June 15th. is ure film almost ready for submission tp://www.gsiff.com/
Also a big #FF to our great programs for transition, social skills & Friendships:
Didn't you interview them once for us?
Have fun lol RT : Party at the Lowery house!!!!!!!
what happened??
20:19 Second verse for Baby Don't Go is almost done. My bad if I'm more versatile than you. I have more around my music beside a club.
Be sure to like us on facebook and follow our tweets for specials and a complementary treatment on your bday.
;Can you Follow Me Back (: ? Pleasee (:
I knew it
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Whip It
BOOM BABY! DANK MONDAY IS HERE TO SERVE UP SOME KICKIN SUBS TO ALL OF YOU AWESOME STUDENTS OUT THERE. 50% OFF.
too funny!!
The rappers are worshipping the devil by saying that
Keep pouring it on nuggets FTM!!!
me neither
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway. Fr. Jerome Cummings.
Google&#39;s Penguin Penalty for Innkeepers and Hoteliers
Headed to for our new member steering meeting. Should be fun!
#incaseyoudidntknow is my girl
Depression stems from the past. Anxiety is triggered by a fear of the future. Be in the now.
“: If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.”
JDA Software Drives Significant EMEA Momentum with Strong Customer Wins and New Russian Office
Then why don't you marry him? RT I love you
MUST YOU BEE SO HOT? <333
SOON I WILL FINISH GRADING WEEK 4 DISCUSSIONS
Romney needs to get back into the spotlight but not with gaffs
LET'S WORK ! Let's film !
you do live in a good area.
I totally AM! LOL!
Nuggets lost :o , oh well the spurs are still gonna take it. Goodnight
Calories don't count on Super Bowl Sunday, right?
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. --Garrison Keillor
Pirates are coming back!
Have a Namas day:)
Rocking the shirt at work today. Thanks !!
will be tomorrow also from 11-4.Best chicken and dumplins in the south.best desserts also
Today's Daily Deal - Bubbles Hand Wash Ultimate Protection Package for only $17.95 normally $35.95 www.mydailydeals.com
#TYVM for the restaurant week retweet!
Espresso at 8:30 - bad idea - but my work will get done (if the kids go to sleep!)
#online Instant Online Paycheck
Happy Holidays from Carlos A. Moreno Photography, may they be merry.
#ExteriorPainting involves a clean, dry surface and covering plants to protect them from paint drippings.
I moved from CA... Dr knowledge & openness is most important...Neurofeedback w/ intuitive expert is key... Talk?
Ah, finally! This will be the best news of the day.
FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN TODAY
Pregnant/breastfeeding women should eat fish, but avoid the fish with high levels of mercury: Tilefish, Shark, Swordfish and King Mackerel
haha good! I'm gonna need it!
Oh hahaha Im very confusing.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless moments of pure joy and laughter
Did you download it? It's Ah-mazin!
Our 4,000th follower! Brittany LoCoco , a dietetics student. Give her a follow!
Tanner has kept me up all night -_____-
Finally out of school!(:
you're following ne now i had my account protected
it's definitely something I've been thinking about. I'm going to look into it more after I release Flint 1.2.
Mix Master Mike coming up & feeling lucky about the giveaway
I'm so sorry. Beautiful and moving tribute by you. Your dad done good. Take care. Best to all.
"The fortune is in the follow up." -Jody Johnson
GET PERSONAL! Personal Training SALE Nov.15-30 at all 7 YMCA of Austin locations. Buy 2 sessions, Get 1 FREE. Great holiday gift!...
I'm so pumped for today's game :D
hahahaha I like that word .. Nilla . Its like nilla wafers . Cept not , (:
#IGot5OnIt RT : Who dares me to respond "Trophy Wife" when asked my occupation in the court room? ????
so true!
#YoMommaSoFat when she masterbates it looks like a 3 some
#FF to my other lovely #JoelLander ! She's great! ;)
So why did you text me if you can't even hold a conversation with me?
AUSTIN AUSTIN! Heey today's my buuurrthday, and all I want is for you is to just RT me. Please. Nothing more or nothing less
just saw a car with a hebron cheer sticker on it for annabelle, it's taunting us
I hate auto boxes that force you to type in a bunch of unreadable, jumbled letters.I'm not the Terminator trying to infiltrate my own email.
SD Beer Week - Take in local craft brews with an outstanding view (two of my favs!). and Mille Fleurs is
hahaha for real tho I'm Bout to Sting out on it what game should I have my momma buy for it?!
So sick.. Bad cold sinus... Asthma.. Ugh.. Breathing over hot water. Hope this clears up soon
she said the same more eloquently than I did whilst working on Safe House and Act Nat. Damn writers being writerly.
Thanks so much! RT Local parents: #FF to and their great #app for NYC parents.
No Drs other than Family Drs and ER Drs should be doing Urgent Care. Supervised PAs/NPs trained for Urgent Care too.
Aww i missed you guys.!;D <33
well! Having a laugh wiv my bruv.. Wat r u wearing for p.e tomoz? :)
Unruly Music festival countdown 1: largest ensemble to date - brings 13 instrumentalists, solo soprano, and conductor March 10!
In texas!!! dallas texas
Lost 2 credit slips, paid for food I didn't even eat, & broke a nail. Thank God that shift is over.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
YES..Thurman-Pie....
Hey #Packers fans!! Where's your #Buccaneers?
“: Roxy Music Clash Smiths Prince XTC NXS Joy Division” I always knew you were cool. This proves it.
Hey Brian, keep up the good work. Love the tweets & the personal account. Awesome way to hold yourself accountable! Be well.
ok nevmind :p
Bummer, I can't do either. Could we give them to another Chamber fan on Twitter?
ahem. Anytime you'd care to hook a brother up. Intrigued by the sound of this dude.
Thank you so much!! :D We appreciate the support :D
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Anyone know of a good eBook cover generator? I am making a series of eBooks to help people with credit card interest, credit and debt tips.
You are most welcome, and thanks for saying hello!
Great shoot with Sean today....he got the unlimited looks package....smart guy! ;-)
Dude Christmas Vacation is the best xmas movie ever. Do we wear a dicky with sweater and go to Wonderful Life party? I think not.
hahahaha I need a break. I took today off so I literally watched every second from this morning until now.
Thank you *blushing*
does this work for adults?
however, if I had to spoon with one guy, it'd probably be
PUT AND ON THE SCREAMTOUR
just don't inhale while biting
Springfest 2009 is right now at Mem Gym! Go!
Hey all, new show launching shortly. Look for the first viral video coming out tonight!
#ItsOkayToCheatif you are an MBA from Harvard, Stanford, Penn, Yale, Virginia, Duke, UIC, Dartmouth, NYU, MIT, or Berkeley
Nice sticks!! We would love to work together with you sometime! Whom should we email or call about that?? You rule!
some swifties really over use "fearless" and "speak now" like shut up
They have a pink iPhone charger?
House hasn't sold yet, but there is interest brewing. Would love to chat, but not this weekend. My brother and his family coming :)
We are so confused by the new convertible seat, were going to get it inspected!
ringringring!!! Hi Mailee!!! How's it goin?! Thanks for following!! Happy #Friday! love,
right cause i have no idea how its ginba go down
Tall Boy Tuesday. Just $2 bucks for one of them buggers.
hate wen people txt back slow
that's because you have a flip phone
this is my time, this is my time to shine let nothing stand in our way.
Thanks for the referral! :)
Agreed RT : Not sure if the 2nd time is working for those w/a team
Awesome Ladies Night in Wheaton!! I am exhausted, sweet Scentsy dreams to you all! Merry Xmas to you all!
Have an issue? Either man up and do something about it, or get over it. I'm waiting.
Last Tweet of the Night - Those who don't truly understand something organically tend to retreat within rules and dogma.
RT : Be authentic. Better to have people hate the real you than love the person who isn't you at all. (via )
then you can make enough $ for both of us
Opcon-A saves lives.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!
The Ex: or, the Cist
I LOVE that you wrote this! But if you were female, *very* unprofessional, says "Professor Mommy"
I like to think of myself as the 34th best or something like that
Bella, you love it....
LET ME SING IT AGAIN
you lost cake ass weaver
do u think best is out for season or do u think he will return week 10? And should I drop him and pickup a replacement?
Merry Christmas, Baltimore!
People will copy you, steal from you, and attempt to hurt you. In the end, they will always FAIL. God doesn't like ugly."
RT If we assume this life is all there is we're likely to waste it. If we know we'll be accountable 1day we'll wisely invest it.
will be interviewing #HallieDay tonight on 's News at 10! Hallie is a Top 24 finalist on #AmericanIdol this year
guess what? You should run the hobble creek half marathon this August...with me!
that was said beautifully!!
If your not following me
congrats on making the Dean's List!
thanks man. Appreciate you.
I can't spell today apparently: How is Chicago still your number one team? Heat beat them and Phili, Bulls lost to Phili.
Is it wrong if I say YAY? :D I'm so glad you enjoyed it and it totally made me cry when writing it too.
that happened to me twice while living downtown. They were either drunk or had no insurance
TOUCHDOWN #Ravens! 17-16 lead we got this!
#WeCantBeTogetherIf you don't treat me like I for you.
Anyone want to get top Mac apps for FREE? !
I will unfollow cus how about this no one cares about ur opinion! So bye bitch
cena your going to win this sunday go at him like an animel beat him so bad he would wont too give you the wwe champenship
This awesome! Plays right into what I want to research for my thesis.
Man I've had lazy days in the past, but this is the laziest one in a while, feels good especially since the weather is so crappy....
Broke out the Christina agulaira and had Ezele's and became obese.
you tweeted!!!
You right!!! LAME but he got his moments he not lol
interesting... no purchased links, but was linked from pr4 blog homepage for a week in nov... ah the goog bots, whatcha gonna do?
For sure Jodie!!
lol, cool what ??
Wow. I've seen a share of dirty filters, but nothing close to that.
All I ever had in this world was my balls in my words I don't break em for no one
so happy now that my wifi finally works
That is why I love you! (Christy)
We'll be reading The #GoodFoodRevolution by CEO of Will Allen - changing the way our nation eats!
"Going My Way" & "Business of Love" - I just want to be as cool as these two guys. And I know I will never be.
#PhxChi #Blackhawks and #Bulls vs. Heat, both @ 7pm. Multiple TVs + $3 Miller/Coors Light bottles = PARADISE!
Hello EG All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
omg she totally deserves 2 meet him shes battling brain cancer and her one wish was 2 meet Justin so cute!!! <3
#TheVoice SCREWED UP ROYALLY by not picking !!! Wtf! Spread the word,
ah lol well mobile phones will replace computers one day so i guess it was bound to happen
I'm going to film this weekend some time. What kind of video do you guys wanna see? Music video? Sketch? Improv? Abstract?
haha that makes me.happy. I bet you send that picture to all the girls
The worst bullying takes place takes place behind closed doors and not on a playground.
yes the table is yours in exchange for the cloth!
At Panda Express with Justin & Edwin.
Thank you so much.:)
you haven't been to Vegas?!?!?!
SO to for getting named for 2nd yr in a row Defense Player of the Year & 1st Team WCHA and for being named to 3rd Team
rip leslie nielsen you will always be missed
Made an instagram follow me : dwitsss (:
Kobe definitely made up for his horrible game from yesterday
Up gotta go get the car detailed and shit
Thanks for the RTs!
God I wanna I fishing!
: if they need me to #shavemyhead I'd TOTALLY do it...lol I know i'm
That awkward moment when youre in a meeting with someone and realize the last time you saw them was when you made out on the dance floor.
Blue grass music festivals haha
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors. Makes me question their attention to detail.
Very dissapointing loss. I need to see the video of Hall's screw up.
Twice today someone asked me if becoming a dad was in my plans. I was honest both times, but seriously... stop asking.
25 hours and still no power. Could be 10-14 days. Not a happy girl.
50 degree temperatures in January?!? Can't complain!
we don't drink much here but when we do... oh lord. Mucca Pazza last night was freaking awesome! blogging soon I think.
yep, I love it :) but they say it weird cause I'm the only girl that I have ever work in there arena :p as a field coach
Thanks for the support!
I just wanted to let you know that everyday whenever im feeling down I think of you and my mood changes To happy. I love you :)
Thx - Glad you all liked the changes.
Never again in my mother fucking life am I doing this again... I should have stayed home in my fucking bed.... This is really bullshit
Happy mothers day to all you moms out there!!!
Great freezing rain just what i wanted:/
I hate a thristy ass nigga!!!
No problem! Game time!
where you at hawk? Let me actually get ya something tonight sir!
My mind is n pieces.....
wait... where is this mysterious pay check? & can I cash it in for real usa money?
Thanks! Memphis is my hometown, and will always be a church home. I've been in SATX for 2 yrs working at SeaWorld.
that's what I did and where my avatar comes from. covered in sweat after workout. lol. now I'm looking for the next challenge
There's def been some better days!
uh when did we stop?
I need it right now, where are you when I need you.... Never seem to be there when it matters most :(
Please no more snow in #Dallas!
Good Lawd you got body for days...
Your constantly on my mind, it needs to stop cause I know it won't lead to anything </3
Wow this Duke/Ohio State game is good
Thank you mama :)
FlowDaily is official!! Send in your pics!!
Hate when I mix people up...
I am pretty sure Hellen Keller would have done a better job playing Debra messings son on smash then this kid
You must be the change you want to see in the world -Gahndi
it seems that the publishers pay for the archiving service. No library contribution is a direct quote.
My over/under for The Avengers - $130 million. Are you going over or under?
Thank you! We're glad to be a part in such a powerful movement!
I love you so so much <21
lmao I figured but idk you had a body... lol
I guess I should try to squeeze in some semblance of a blog post, too. This is me trying to sound busy, folks.
I was offline for 10 minutes and in those 10 minutes I DIDN'T WEAR A DRESS. horror! (But thanks for sliders & fun! French Meadow!)
Justin has grown up so much. ~sob~
Oh my god you are so gorgeous. FML for real.
big hugs my friend...the first one is the hardest.
don't forget he had DMAC... Take him away and half the receivers and it is more like 2-8
Oh man, sad stat of the day from FOX MLB, Josh Hamilton has 4 more homeruns than the *entire* team
Why is it so freaking cold in the school???
Don't think of it as lying. Think of it as "changing one's mind." ;)
is lacing up her shoes AND her bells for another Jingle Bell Run 5k with Meyers!
Incredible!!! Dr. Barber speaking truth and dropping knowledge. I would love to belong to his church
Get familiar wit the name
TODAY! Linda Rosenstock, MD, MPH and Dean of to moderate panel on Women in Medicine research commons
#crapnamesforpubs What about McCrackin's and instead of the golden arches, its the golden buttocks as a logo. Shitty idea, I know :)
yeah u knew im bored:o
Lol! RT Dick Clark dying is just #InAccodanceWithMayanProphecy since there won't be another New Years Rockin' Eve.
There's an 8 1/2 inch tall mirror with "Brad Forever" written by Franco in lipstick, a wallet size photo of a dreamy young man.
#Sarkozy defeated in #France. #CarlaBruni, no longer First Lady, singer OR model, to take logical next step: memoir & line of handbags.
will be in the house tonight! 7-8:30. Bring your questions for the expert herself.
yea ill b up ther b4 u n wen u goung to get da dirt cake fo me:-)
- Enjoyed it all! Just love the high-risk, dangerous maneuver of adding in the Star Wars music.
I love some of 's tweets. In a nutshell, just be quiet of you can't be kind - or at least constructive.
buy them all at a wholesale price and sell them for $1 more each, I'm sure you'll make more than 10G's!
Life is a highway!
RT : Nestle CEO: "The more local your supply chain, the more stable for your business" I like this.
I'm sensing mixed emotions...WAIT, WHAT HAPPEND TO MAKE YOU GUYS FEEL VIOLATED?
People tell me I already think like a man. I wander if this movie is gonna mess me up more. Lol
thanks guys!
Happy that one of my favoritest people ever looked me up on Twitter! :)
i dont wear affliction, even with these big huge muscles
If Facebook's statistics are accurate, almost 6% of the world's population (6.8b) is actively using the site (400m).
Gamecocks up 1-0 over Citadel after 1st. Jordan Montgomery pitching for Carolina.
I miss you pooh bear <U+263A>
holy crape how do you do it
It's a beautiful day for #DigIN11. Join me for great Indiana food and drink...and be sure to stop by the Speakers Series tent!
When life hands you lemons, stick em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
no fair were was my invite -_-
cool , and the frightners :)
46 degrees today... are you kidding me!?
Listening too: 'Assimilations' it makes the day better & is one of my favorite albums in the last 5-7 years. 'Dope girl' is my jam
That "Fuck Yeah" Moment when you win/complete a game..
HAVE A WONDERFUL 2011 YEAR. WE ARE GOD'S CHILDREN. IF WE JUDGE OTHERS, EXPECT TO BE JUDGED. I SEND YOU LOVE, PEACE, JOY AND GRACE.
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest & protect our climate. Veto the new Forest Code!
Mama, I get off at 12:30 from work. How long you gonna stay at spin!!?! I needs some jiggly in my life.
cool, thanks!
that one's extraordinHARRY ;)
Will do! Sounds like a great event!
YES! Nyjah Huston is the new #Xgames Gold Medalist
Thank you!
Anyone have extra St. Vincent tickets for tonight?
Try Samuel Smith stout or winter welcome ale. Unibroue's La fin du monde is pretty good too. Pricey but worth it.
Something in the back of mind was telling me I should've taken the rest of that crawfish pie home with me...
At work bored as shit
If you think THIS tax debate is political, think Bush tax cuts. They are set to expire in an election year.
Us too Olivia!!! Hooray see you soon.
Looks like our site is all good to go! Sorry, ladies.
I thought I saw that u were following me but I guess that's only in my dreams
Nice work today Bucky Badger!!!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! We enjoyed celebrating your success! Hartman is a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
Lmao i would die before i listen to something that involves "Zelda" !
Had a lot of laughs at work today with Scott and Isaiah, they are fun boys to work with. Nice break dancin moves...
No Shame Theatre is up for Saturday night. Rehearsals start on Monday for Paradise Lost. Busy busy. Making art.
It Would Be A 143% Perfect Night If Tweeted Me Back:']
And he's a Capricorn like me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>!
awesome work!
i was gon watch that the other day but i changed my mind...but since its recommended by you i might try it...
Yes, the photo is of Kwanza w the winners!
supply & Demand my nigga.
Monica was just inducted into the International Thespian Society. Yep, she really is my Drama Queen! :)
#GoTribe Happy Easter
doesn't get off until 6pm, so I kinda started a #fail idea on that one
More physical lib. than MacDonald's in US, reuse of phone booths for self-serviceable Bks w/ RFID
Your not alone :) RT: Ive never been to chipotle
One word frees us Of all the weight and pain in life, that word is Love.
And physics = math.
Just a couple more hours until we rock We play the FPL stage at 6pm! #Simplified #Sunfest #Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock & Roll!
Sorry about the bad news, RT Thou shall never drink Mike's Hard Lemonade
and the black-rimmed glasses?! Wtf?! Looking like some nerds! Lol
Agreed, the roster math makes no sense otherwise.
Ok, Monday. It's go time.
Playing truth or dare right now. I had moon jersey from my hotel room.
Wish you had stuck to your plan last year of exercise & eating right? Don't think back, just forge ahead now. Your body'll be happy alright.
can i pet charlie when i see u at warped tour in denver? :3 i love pitbull's
A surprise from AND ???? I THINK YES<3
that sucks:/
Gentleness doesn't get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs. -Coco Chanel
Your Going Crazy. (;
i dont like this amanada, i dont like this at al
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE
And more windows in Van Ness apt. I don't know what to do. Location or space?
You bet! Thanks for sharing!
SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
thanks for the RT
i can't wait to skype tonight! you better now be #awkward again!
If you haven't already got one, I can get my hands on a Barbie for you.
Good Morning Twitter....
What Magazine Covers Really Say About the Stock Market - The Market Oracle
ATTENTION EVERYONE. CHECKOUT MY NEW REALITY SHOW PAGE ON FACEBOOK. "CAN YOU SPEND IT?" JUST FINISHED SHOOTING PILOT. PLEASE HIT "LIKE"
Thanks. Me too. (I trust that all are safe and that this is just prudent safety precaution.)
no no no, I don't want to talk about taylor hansen
you didn't look for me in the stands like you said you were going to. :( i was front row outfield. by you.
I love having my kids home #weekends. They give me all kinds of stand-up ideas. They're terrified of spiders. What kid isn't? Perfect!
And it is #ontothenextone for the
Do you have a responsive website for your social media strategy?
I like your style, gentlemen! Keep me updated on future developments!
you're too young to be such a prude :9
Same here! Woke up too early. #Naptime it is. ": This girl is sleepy!! Taking a nap! #saturdaypleasures <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>"
I know what I'm bout to do isn't a good thing.
tell your mom ill go shopping with her next time she goes.
Sounds like it's right up my alley! I'll be sure to get a copy!
I have the worst #springfever ever. I want to play hooky. Who wants to head to the beach with me?
Teaching students how to research (w/ tech) allows for better learning, better understanding, and well-rounded projects.
Hey ! Are you listening? RT : ...Apple needs to add trackpad support to iOS to keep pace with the Atrix and other. YES! YES!
I am truly saddened at your unfollow. Are you the alter ego of Rich Fitzgerald?
Back to bed. I would if I could. lol.
"On top of Old Smokey..." What song can't you get out of your head right now?
I am extemely hungry, so I am going to get me some healthy food. Only have 15 mins to eat though
my mother is in the hospital :'(
I'll cut ur weiner off ! Start bck playin.": just cut me with her sharp ass toenail"
Well, guess it's good to let that be know. In case other's questioned. and more helicopters. Not too productive today.
Videodrome is the smartest movie ever made about Facebook
totally agree. Nothing is worse than people who hate. Maybe they are just insecure or jealous ;)
I wanna see you sweetpeas tomorrow. Please tell me what time you play? It can't really be at 8:00, right?
Thanks to all supporters! Day 3 of the wailing, we are wrapped!
prob. too much violence.
. can't handle me because I'm too into my twitter and my phone being out of its case. I just want to be on top of the
If the NWAACC is going to use Pointstreak, then all schools need to understand how to use it and post scores/results in a timely manner.
super pumped for tonight's dome, but more excited for the final! You and CT have been my team from the beginning! Good luck!
Nice! I wasn't sure if anyone would know what I was talking about, or just think I'd been having too much rye.
Stop whining and enjoy Paul McCartny. You might learn something about music.
Nut up or Shut Up!!(:
sorry just had those open on different tabs! had to put them up
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
I work for Disney
You Legacy-what you leave behind is not what is engraved in stoned monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others!
That awkward moment when your school is under a bomb threat and you're more worried about your phone and makeup exploding than yourself.....
Our hen egg , parmesan, wild oregano and olive oil pizza is the perfect way to kick off the weekend! Happy Hour is 10-11PM tonight!
Having such a great time working w on the forthcoming #IntheArtoftheCity event. Celebrating the culture of Los Angeles!
finally confirmed for my double major
I followed:)
You cute, you cute ;)
Its bcuz niggas is on the DL smh. Its a lot of soft dudes now
lol these freaks on my TL
Just as soon as I finish Imagine (and I'm 1/2 way through Cialdini again). Too. Many. Good. Books. :-)
can you pls send your dm again?.accidentally hit delete :)
Feeling kinda adventurous. This may be the beginning of a period of rule breaking.
I would love to go paperless but it keeps crashing whenever I try to scan a multi-page document. Sent a help request 2/17
Incredible talk w/ team of Mathias Klum + Johan Rockstrom. Science advances so fast. Knowledge is key to change
Any interest in attending a Lunch&Learn about #socialmedia in #education on 12/14 at Minnetonka HS?
Yamasaki, thanks for following!
whatever P ! i aint FAKE!
Have to be different, in my nature! Doing well. Needed your camera last night for pic of moon. Mine stinks! Have fun at CP.
Thinking about the lunchtime canoeing tour as a surprise for some worthy downtown fellows. Have you actually tried it?
y'all better werrrkkk(as my sis says) and win that home game on Monday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> I'm rooting for you guys woot woo!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
just called 5 fsbo's for viewings and not one will show their home...no wonder the homes don't sell!
Damn my arm is sore.
Last day of Miami boat show, tomorrow it's Nace party then the Sobe food and wine
Will you be giving an artist's talk or anything similar? Was singing your praises to my LA friend
Her Dude A Lame As Nigga Ha Time Ta Switch Up #NOBandsHA!!!
Interesting, we teach digital filmmaking, here in San Jose. Everything from DSLR, RED shooting to post production.
OH RT this Then Check Your Mentions ^_^
I am so tired, I am so tired of this place I need to get the foo foo out desperately.
Thanks for your commitment to vote no on this crazy bill. The sponsor has been rude to all who reached out to him to oppose.
Hey Erin, hope you had fun!
horrible headache.
I hate when a guy just randomly sends me pictures of his dick..
"The only people that tear happy people down are those that are unhappy." ~Haley James Scot
i like waking up to your tweets!(:
I am so very blessed and thankful for the life I have been given
we gotta link up tomarrow yo.
I just put 8/16/12 as the date on my homework…
thanks! Glad you liked our project!
yeah if you're TALL ENOUGH
our own about to pitch about #fundcrowd at
HELL YEAH!! ELLIIIIOOOOTTTTTT
every new hire gets a visit and I eat the albacore stack and end the lunch by saying "stay classy San Diego"
you win! I will follow you now... Dm me your size and address!
I need to stop reading in bed.
Jamey Aebersold Workshop start in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen - grab your axe. we'll be jamming til 1:30
Just ate 10 eggos by myself
jizz on both of you :)
The only thing exciting about this day is the Heat game.
Getting a hair trim later to get rid of these incoming split ends <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
RT POR too much from the outside... Dre Miller and Bayless gotta get to that paint...
if you have to star out a swear, then just don't even write it.
I send you listing? It has the most amazing carpet EVER.
I love my brottthhhhhaaaaa
Sorry to bring your hopes down but in this case it's wrong lol
I sucked at #boxing tonite - no more #bitchassness !
Exactly why I haven't tried yet. I have a feeling it wouldn't go well!
Girl, i will help you get some Nicki Viva Glam, I'm living for that color!!
We are working on a "Super" new project for....stay tuned......
sorry to hear you can't make it to this year! Save the date for next yr, 8.16.12! Enjoy NYC!
all of them r my people. u stick with victory, Phillip, Marco friend, the dude from SOK, & SoSo
Myth- #Cosmetic #surgery is only for wealthy people. Truth- There are various avenues for financing, which makes it possible for anyone
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fuking love song, I'll be sick
hahaha before I lose me accent and forget about the lonestar state!!!
Agreed RT : RT : cost is the biggest hurdle to healthcare
I won't call you old, because thats rather rude, but just know I was born his senior year. will you be makin the trip to #RFK ?
Marching SB toward the immigration march to meet up. No borders, no nations, stop deportation!
Go State and Shaun & Jennie Miller!!!
Our greatest fear should not be failure, but succeeding at things that don't matter.
Does Alex have one? And ya'll can come over too to watch them.
no really a or b
RT : ladies im shooting with tomorrow! Yall better get with the program!!!! He is one of the best
you only wish.
Which indicates I'm not that big a fan. LOL
I Need A Replacement
This kid pisses me off
Found: cell phone at a café. Anyone with information about owner please call.
Whoever made finals start on a Saturday at 8am should fall off a cliff
It's pouring and I have to wait for the bus to take me home today. I guess it's time to buy new business casual shoes...
I would like to be drinking a bottle of Franks Hot Sauce right now.
How is everyone today? It's so #hot outside! :(
So jealous
Speaking of which #dataprivacyday soon, Jan 28th
I still have my harry potter 7 2/2 3d glasses.... actually i have 7 (:
Risk authenticity. Risk needing each other. Risk friendship. ~JR Kerr
Let me know what you think of google +, thanx...
Happy Halloween to all of #Pittsburgh!
Having our weekly staff meeting with our newest member, Jeff, who is an Anacostia resident. Our family is growing! :)
atleast you're in the same dang country! :P its more likely he'll come to somewhere near you than me! :L
sometimes you gotta lose everything to get to where you need to be
RT Having waited so long for 72, 73 came quicker than I thought. I feel ambushed but very happy. Happy B-Day, Coz!
Anyone have an online stream of KC vs RSL
"Excuses are like buttholes. Everyone has one, and they all stink." - Motivational speech by my boss this morning. Way to get us pumped.
got the 08 cab as a gift
We've updated our infographic to fix some date descriptions. Wanted to let you know so you could update your post, cheers!
Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go till we're gone, Love was when I loved you One true time I hold you
I just bought the winning Mega Millions lottery ticket. Like this and I may share my winnings with you. But probably not.
if you still say '69 is my favorite number' you need to reconsider your existence
follow me back! its alisha from adworkers!
yay so did Bulls!
I've never ate a frozen pizza and not burned my mouth
can't wait to try your wings!
oh i got a life a good life
#nowfollowing life of a dancer... #gracefully among other things...
I'm ready to do another show... I need to perform again!
Yeah. WTF. Seriously. No one say anything potentially embarrassing over DM. I had a bunch of DM fails too.
hope it was useful!
Choose Your Next Words Carefully....... Seriously
hurry up and open already!
Now I'm finished apartment hunting I can get back to some good old Info Literacy...
open houses this Sunday, stay tuned ...
Im so fucking happy for you right now. Woow thats soo nice. Do u ve to take a course this summer?
2012 is the year for Illuminati , && all you fuck heads that be throwin the triangle up & thinking illuminati ain't real. Yeah your Fucked!
Mama, I will always turn to you.
i knoww =// you know whats so cute!!! you call me too see if i wanna go for a jog lmaaao love ya
Thank you, Barbara - I hope all is well!
okay id i not get the memo about class not starting @ 8....even tho i got here @ 9..but still the class aint even open..
“I’ve been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.” Russell Simmons
hm.... I wonder what show is going to be about and if it will be as good as
I really need some motivation to do this homework ......
I swear, everytime I talk to my friends in school... Everything that comes out of my mouth sounds wrong. Jeez, I'm so dirty.
Tickets and hotel finally booked...Vegas here I come!
#RumpusRoom always has build your own beer flights so come in anytime and check out what we have on tap! Thanks for the RT
haha. So how's life? (;
If you enjoy entertaining, you may want an open plan kitchen that allows for more social interaction between the kitchen and other rooms.
beat my DICK wit ur FACE
Entire family loved the concert on Sunday. Really looking forward to Blue Note tribute in Feb!
RT Big Z is looking good through 3....time for the #Marlins to score some runs
Indiana Pacers 27 Milwaukee Bucks 27 End Of 1st #pacers #bucks #nba (Via )
AFJROTC news - Jay Silver Eagles & Clark Silver Valor are national champs in their divisions! Brandeis Lady Broncos are natn champ runnerup!
That's amazing!!!
I read Hunger Games x3 as a narrative of resistance to state authority and to language of power. Surprised how few others seem to agree.
I cant hold back all these haitian niggaz.
Still on the lookout for great Oklahoma city bands! Go to mybandsnextstep.com and give us some leads on your favorite!
Call your mother!
Sucks when ur laptop breaks down!
"Bang bang" (Pusha T Voice)
check out the new reviews on Let me know your thoughts on "don't you trust me"
“: An old QB oppsosed 2 a young one? Jealous of Tebow?" so an unproven young qb should start over an older HoF qb?
#GoBlue - Keep shoelace in the shot gun..
today is #fluevogday must. not. go. online. to. buy. more. fluevogs. than. the. twelve. or. so. pairs. I. already. own.
how you gonna front on A-cups like you wouldn't still request private conference #huh?
hey how are u bestie :)
I am going to lose ALL my vacation time to the surgery. :( Not exactly what I'd call a "vacation."
Really can't believe it's snowing right now.
All I wanna do in this world is make my mom PROUD
Do you ever sleep? LOL!
It's so cold here my breath was freezing to my mustache to make a mustacheicle.
Beautiful Seattle sunset approaching. :)
Happy Friday:) Starting off the aftersoon with some DonQ..um..hope the club has it in stock tonight!!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to
nah I don't feel like driving all the way ova there
I declare today Mambo Monday!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. ~Epictetus
I was just messin. The unseen & dudley's stuff. Those get regular play... Not to mention ynq
Dude, but Nanda is their daughter too. They can't take turns to baby sit, and stay with Nanda? :/
This is all getting very hard to stomach. The excitement of the 2010 elections is waning FAST!
What is your English grammar pet peeve?
What's Good Cuz?
Dream chaser 2 >
On teleseminar w/ and Cari Cole
and I thought Wrigley would be the worst...no one went to the games
she was so cute! Very well spoken too.
Is Goin To Sweet Tomatoe's
Couldn't have said it better myself!!! LMAO.. “ GM!! Our future looks very Bright!! Lol”
Looking forward to watching on CSI ep "Turn, Turn, Turn" on Spike TV today @ 2PM & 5PM ET.
Bluffed off some to Ryan Fair! #Woops 118k going into last level of the night (500/1000). Feeling good! Average is 73k.
Looking for a great charity to help? Check out ! At the very least give them a follow.
I just finished watching Fast Five FINALLY. if it's action anything like that I can't wait!!!!
Great first performance of this piece in #Colombia, though. Only going to get better from here.
Your anger is misguided at a player who has busted his ass the last 45 days and are vilifying for momentary respite instead
Happy 235th Birthday To the United States Marine Corps! For 235 years, United States Marines have earned a privileged place in our...
BOOM goes the dynamite!!! RT: : I worked 6-6. So now what?!
I love double xp -_-": everytime someone says Call Of Duty, i just picture "OMG...DOUBLE XP WEEKEND" *jacks off in corner*"
Love it: “: Get rid of the excuses. Quit waiting for things to change so you can be happy. Choose to be happy right now.”
Fuuuuuucking shit didnt even realize you were down here
Huh? Does that mean wings later?
ah, gotcha. yo, i'll be in there tomorrow for the Karmin deal. i'll give you a hug.
haha shoot I can say it to you if I want ha. Haha AMEN!
Great. "Sara Smile" was playing in liquor store where I buy my lotto tix. I'm gonna have Hall & Oates stuck in my head the rest of the day.
Happy Easter Weekend #RVA!
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> RT : S.0 to for linking to make this MTV shit happen #gettin it done
Let's go Mavs! Let's smash the gas on these boys! #DAL vs
When you take a break from the mind chatter, suddenly the world filled up with the richness of song. Sonia Choquette
And all I want to do is just crawl back into bed with you, where under the blankets, we were safe in our own little world.
Go Briana!!!! Tell the truth! So glad u didn't inherit your mom's cray cray.
Tune into WQED Pittsburgh today at 7:30pm to watch Pittsburgh 360 and their special on the OPERA CHAMPION OF PITTSBURGH competition!
No problem. This weekend should work. Hope you had a great weekend. What's up with this rain?
you see the Braddock news? Stetter will be back in the bigs in no time.
Anytime!! You got it!! Thank you so much! I agree...We most definitely have to chill soon!!:)
Give Marty an #oscar for that reaction
Agreed. Nice of MS to do that. Good for veterans good for them.
Your welcome. I'm ready for tonight too:) More amazing fashions
It is nice to have them visit...esp for my girls. They aren't worried abt flooding, but want to go to fish camp. :)
Nah. I'm cool w/ the north side. You know a spot? 6:30 works great.
What address?
maybe this summer sometime and that skinny shit don't matter when they a mma fighter lol nigga kicked me n my nuts and some mo ...
I don't wanna go to school!!
Ronald Reagan float in Rose Parade? Ghost of that dim-witted fraud still hanging around making people think he was a good President?
Guess I thought wrong : /
Done and Done that 3 sealed the deal
So Justin is probably missing Selena :) aww she probably just left or sumthing and he misses her already :) his so sweet :')
awesome work! Will more HD footage make it to your blog?
josue's pipes burst
that makes me feel good... Ya know i always had a feeling! Ohhmg that soo funny bc sadly he is our first and only lol
HUGE PIECES OF HAIL!!!!!! went outside to get one, and like 500 hit me on the head :O oww
"Pumped Up Kicks" is stuck in my head.
hi, no way to find U on FB,so here's the invite to party on 16th ck with JoeyLman on FB, hope U can come, I'm Dave from iQuit
Great sax player to follow -->
Very Very nice of you !
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when you have asked out 100 times everyday and she still hasn't said yes
Our program is designed to awaken the super hero within by motivating audiences to #GiveADang!
And im gonna start being one of the eyebrow penicl girls :)
Yes please, bring on the #POD12 Twitter Team Awesomeness. Thanks!
you're very welcome and thank you!! tell your friends about us! :)
true but some ppl say he suck ass
Hangin wit tha fam fo a bit till I head back to SD, love my fam!
I have never been a fan of tyler perry.but his speech @ the funeral made me a fan today!!!
I volunteered at my mom's in high school. My job was just to play with kids, and, as a man, not hit them. A first for many. :'(
man I love that kid! :) mwah!!!
Mizz is just a jump shooting team! No inside at all
yeah, 3yrs old, that's crazy.
I know.
CONGRATS GIRLS! SORRY I WASN'T IN THE VIDEO! BITCHES DIDN'T TELL ME ABOUT IT! I LOVE YOU TONS! SO PROUD!
I thought Klaus was a goner for sure last year and he lasted the rest of the next Season! So I won't count Rick out yet!
who sings that song on belly i knoe u know lol
I wish it would just stay winter
yo tengo a oh, sleeper, a past unknown, haste the day, the devil wears prada, impending doom, i the breather y otras
Testing a tweet.
so freaking jealous!
This is why I rarely go there, even though they are near work and right across from my gym. #delicious!
thanks for following me ....lets work together soon .
Hey there you. How are you doing?
Don't miss chatting it up with the boys on Primetime - tonight 5:30pm PT.
I am not tired 1 bit
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. Aristotle Onassis
They say every rose has its thorns. However, every thorn has a rose.
<U+26BE> Baseball is finally here! <U+26BE>
Rip kenny
Australian radio > American Radio
#DASER Borgia "the bower makes the female comfortable and she can always leave if she doesn't like what she sees."
interesting, I didn't know that
One of my favorite movie quotes from all time. With his last breaths, Angier tries to explain to (one of the) Bordens some very simple truth
a program where bands can win $500 in Taco Bell bucks to use on tour, and also get to be featured bands on festivals, etc.
Suddenly this #celtics game requires my undivided attention. Someone watching the #redsox let me know when I'm due up.
"A Lovely friendship should have the determination of mirror which never loses its ability to reflect even it is broken into Thousand...
good idea!!! I'm not hitting 1k tweets till Orioles next win!!!
Let's GOO
PGA TOUR/lsn360.com Keegan Bradley at EXTENDED 18 riviera country club California in bunker now
Tea & Lemonade
I would recommend our DeeThree model. You can find it on Amazon or through our site. YinYang is designed for the 7 inch tablets.
that's outrageous!!
That won't be happening at #barcampabq or (likely) an #ignitenm, but it sounds like fun!
Good to see you in Victoria again! Until next time!
At #SFTreasureHunt. Our team: The Wonderful Lizards of Oz. Year of the Dragon.
Looks like #celtics will steal one tonight. Given their home record this prob won't be the only one they'll need.
I'm curious. What do you think of that bovada over-under now??
Listen to Stephanie McCurry on the social and political history of the CSA (hint: it has nothing to do with vegetables)
#thescript's song nothing is so beautiful!!!
This visit was for an u/s so it wasn't our usual docs. I just need to state ahead of time that he has autism because it was no fun
We have a spot for you in the next issue...hit me
Congrats to and on their wins in the #Austin city council and mayoral elections yesterday.
oh well. They can fuck off
very classy my friend
Convince the ladies not to buy the garlic hummus.
I miss all ma old friends.
You care more about talking to him then you do me
I'll be hosting Lux tonight with ms sexy wif live performances by and Armstrong Don't miss it
Diggin' the weather today! Not too hot, not too cold. Just right :) #AsiMeGusta <-- gracias <3
Husband started blaring Tony Braxton - Unbreak My Heart.
tru tru... I guess we'll go with for the parties... that's all that happens on them day anyway
thats how I feel too
That flick wit u and Addiction was off the chain. I get a gud nutt everytime I watch it. ;)
Second pair of earphones I've blown
ah lucky I love Olive Garden
Sweet Baby Beyonce, we've finally arrived in Asheville!
First Pujols goes to the Angels, then Darvish to the Rangers. If the #Mariners don't get Prince Fielder, we might lose 100 games again
You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride
Yo yo ma & Philip Glass...a match made in heaven
oops! sorry for the double tweet...didn't realize my facebook was linked:))))
Ryan Evans has seven rebounds. The other six Badgers to appear in the game have a combined nine. (Our Hero 3)
Be sure to watch our newly posted videos featuring our trip to visit Mike the Tiger at LSU and our Recycling Block Party!
u have to come again, i had an amazing day with u
Are those your eyeballs? I found them in my cleavage.
I don't hold grudges.
#RESPECT BIG AHK!
Shopping is a drug my fix is my parents credit card$$$$$$$
#Social Media Boot Camp this morning.
I tried to tell that, but he did not agree. He likes having a uber generic name so he can hide amongst the others.
Going to see if we have any good movies downstairs, I need sound in order to sleep. :p
hey not much and you?
These beats hit hard like your step dad
hah ik but staying off twitter is like impossible lol
Talking to the bae
shoulda retired at the all star break last year
This is a great video
Blood game bitch, Big B's Boston Bruins
Great Night. Great People. Welcome back :-)
#ItsSadThat people dont know how to show respect anymore.
wasup wit a new song wen u makin some more MUSIC videos?
It's not that I'm afraid to say how i feel, it's that I'm afraid of how you'll react
omg i think i just queso'd myself
RT Book French Montana at ur next party... French Montanna is available for hosting and performance dates @
Right now its all about us, all about us, my love. <3
Good luck to as they compete in the NCAA Championships! Bring home the hardware!
midterms this week..ehh..
I've been praying those things are so nasty
hello. Nice one. Bring your mates, as long as they r fit. I only drink cocktail though
Congrats on largest audience ever. intro. What % of audience knew?
We moved back to Texas for Chuy's. (Well, I guess there was some job stuff too.)
HAHAHA knew it but i think that 's voice is really sexy lololol
I found that too!
RT : I highly recommend the 12 oz New York strip at Petterinos. One of the best steaks in downtown Chicago. I'm so full!
Did you know we were the first to install yard signs as a defense mechanism against intruders?
Seeking an acoustical guitarist or other musician who would like a Valentines Day audience. We seat 20. Play 4 tips? @ or DM.
august 20th...it's coming!!
wish I would have seen that earlier!!! Publican, Ruxbin, Bristol, , or maybe
Improvisor, composer, performer, adventurer? I like! Glad you're on the tweet train!
one love brotha
Someone needs to tell me what kind of hairspray they use on #MadMen. Everyone's hair is flawless all the time.
Wow RT : y'all heard about the hoe that stabbed her baby daddy to death cuz she ain't like her mothers day present? now that's crazy
Blake got them free throws now
that one u tweeted was funny as fuck tho
now! Ima pray!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
The Police escort is pretty sweet isn't it
R u not capable of the same things I'm capable of? U too, have 2 legs 2 arms body head spouse! I don't mind helping, but I do mind enabling.
you are the worst tweeter. Like, straight
SAN DIEGO SUNDAY!
If you're having Mexican herb problems I feel bad for you, son. I got 99 problems, but loving the shit out of cilantro ain't one.
hahaha oh my gosh. I mean that's the only explanation for him to so willingly do such a crappy commercial.
do you know anyone who can help me set up a new comp at work and transfer all the files, including QuickBooks data?
well take care then
ohmigosh really? I'm sorry I didn't know.
headed to chicago to renew real estate brokers license. Would love to sell you a hotel/golf asset one day!!!
its understandable .
#WhyDoiAlways forgive people who don't even deserve forgiveness..
this is me every week!
oh shit! lmk if I can unpiss you on.
good luck
RT : Are you a UoL academic paying an open access publication fee? Let me know how much it is (and which journal!)
I hate storms. Asdfghjkl.:(
“: I'm wearing my old kicks 104.9 shirt to bed #memorylane” yeah, super intern
Mayweather vs. Cotto! Money May. That's all imma say....
3:55 train late, late - i already missed 4:15 - will customer help me make 6:30? If we get there soon?
your picture on twitter is the dumbest/most unfortunate thing.... i love you but you look like a tard. #toughlove :)
We hope you had an awesome time at Jimmy's! What was your favorite thing on the menu?
When a kid blacks out in gym cause he's so fucking high. Can't wait to see what happens the rest of the day.
I'm wondering how's she gnna be on #xfactorusa she always seems so nervous on cam
#Huguely verdict is in.
OK, politicians defending "pink slime." When's the last time you ate it? Or do you think it's only suitable for the national lunch program?
Company Open Class TONIGHT 5:30-7pm!!! Contemporary with Maddie! Come ring in the new year with us!
It all happened so fast. Apparently it was landing at JFK
You are invited to enter the Win a Stuffed Hamburger Press giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Naw I thought u I thought u meant a female and her feemale friends that's all
That threw me off track.
Good Morning.... Happy Thursday.
Walkoff grand slam for Joey Votto!!!! ...and this one belongs to the #Reds!!!!!
Yeah man me neither. You down this week? Your latest spoken word poem is as good as it gets. Tell I said yo
I need to see you
We apologize for stating false times that the site would be up and running. We hope it wasn't an inconvenience, have a great day!
where u working at fam?
yeah.. back then i'd usually just say f it sometimes + do a full clone... it'd only take like 15 min
We JUST stopped at a Starbucks...and I've never heard of Cabela's!
2nite...we video ...8p at the House of Loom...
I can't decide on the hair cut I need before I get my headshots taken...awhh the anguish!
In the middle of, and up close and personal is "where it's at" if you want your students to learn, and achieve. Don't teach from afar.
Like Roller Coaster Tycoon? RT They'll be virtual RT Aol is next Disney. I hope the rides are better.
Can't wait to throw some meat on the Grill for the Tailgate Kick-Off Show this weekend!
Just killed chest, back and abs
Where are you spa-ahhing today? It's July and Texas Spa Month!
was that you laughing? that was pretty cute <3
BBl, hopefully when the amazing has followed :) if she is free <3<3 And nice talking to you talk to you soon... <3
I love the curly hair! is a lucky man
Thank you so much, Alicia! We are thrilled!
Wine is between 2 and 8 dollars. Like, good wine. And they serve beer at McDonald's.
Watching A Movie Youu?
three hours into a win 7 install and it's barely 50% done... yay for blowing an all nighter on this #crap no #gamedev for me tonight...
RT : Taking home a piece by Patrick Costello from Revel auction to support !
LOL..I've never been to Texas; I can only go by films like 'Giant' and 'Second Hand Lions'. FL is VERY different.
that would be me haha
Now it's time to get back to work: music!!
NW'n Freddy vs. Jason #TeamFreddy (:
This Was My Song Last Summer .
All the right moves in all the right places
So we got back from the weekend and our ceiling was leaking water in the bathroom. Love coming home to stuff like this!
Of course -- thank *you*.
hahaha that's how I feel when Grey's Anatomy has been filming in "San Francisco"
A question for our Hokie alum to answer: When I stepped onto the stage to receive my diploma, I felt hungover.
This weather >>
RT if you absolutely LOVED old school ;)
Yup. Full-time Austinite these days. Consequently am I supposed to pitch in and help clean up 6th street today?
We are looking for software engineers to talk to about our calculator project and we need education professionals to talk to about the SBIR…
Happy thanksgiving everyone and please follow my new boxing career the road to kimbo since I miss out on tyson
The first time they look at my stressed out or moody face . They worried . The math paper goes tougher than what i expect . Need to study .
Working with teachers is way different than working with students. :o
Wonderful! Thanks for visiting.
"She fucked me into a coma and even loves me when she's sober"
Dear you ain't got nuthin to record if u don't have content from writers! Copyright automatically grants writers full C of work
A New Puppy #FF in honor of who we will always remember with love: ..and more
SignTist on Fairfax
I sure am whats good.? :)
Just cleaned out hte closet and donated three bags of stuff! Winter clothes are stored away til next year, spring clothes are out& ready!
If you haven't seen the Song 1 exhibit projected on the Hirshhorn (8pm-12am)I highly recommend it. It's been extended to 5/20
thanks, everyone RTing that Accessibility Camp DC attendee registration is open. bit.ly/fWOb8
you inspire me by your talent, creativity and dedication. And your rock starness!
So excited to be in Las Vegas with my fellow RE/MAX agents. Only the BEST agents in the world!!
I should go to the Fest & get some food lol
Keep an eye out ;) something might be scheduled :)
Chronic blazing #420 all day
The curse of curves.
Back from a nice long ride, race this weekend! #stoked!
You are very kind! Thank you!
Umm have you met me?
That would be awesome. Thanks!
Heat don't know how to defend good team ball. LET'S GO!
Diversity class.
Happy to be back in Los Angeles, not so happy that I only have two days before winter quarter begins.
lol idk what you said before,you said a lot in one mention tweet! Lol
is the "ferris" of them all. Badum-CH.
You are an amazing friend. Thanks for all the support!
woo new york misses you so much! :*
I know!! God save us all!
Governing is at the Washington #IdeasForum. Check for updates from staff writer Ryan Holeywell.
Please tune tonight and hear my new single “I Can’t Breathe” on Heat Radio 1 with DJ AJ from 11pm-3am. www.heatradio.biz
Setting UP the New AzulAquatic Van! Getting ready for a little swim time.
Inclined to design? Get these mobile tools - Chicago Tribune
Chilling with my friends.
Now its time to say goodbye, God does the rest when you try! DJ T&BNOV-ONLINE
theres a difference between beinq broken up & on a break , dnt confuse the two .
gonna go look that up right now. Thanks!
Im gonna be up all night
...you must be bored lol
I was thinking state vote shares could make it panel. Either way, time trends important
All of them. Right?
you mean your almost birthday DAY! ;)
Apparently everyone else in New York City thought today was a perfect day for #ShakeShack too...
Let go heat!!!! Team Miami Heat
Can't find my credit card. I really wish this was a cruel cruel April fools joke.
oh is it bad? -Amber
hhgregg, Swarovski , & First Citizen's share how new hires w/ "high recommendation" via assessment data r 20%+ more productive
Ive never been on the Pedro bandwagon
Hey y'all :) how are ya?
#Grateful that I made it back home safely from other town. Now for catching up on hw. *holding breath*
yeah but you were half asleep mumbling..lol #shuddup(:
If you have heating issues let me know. No service call charge with repair by letting me know on Twitter.
Sean Burnett looks like he has a killer pickoff move. Nobody is on and I still think he is throwing to first.
I just want a Girlfriend so I can treat her like a princess :)
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
just look for the creepy religious icons!
I'm seeing you guys Friday.. <333
My ankle hurts like a mofo. I thought this shit was supposed to be fixed a while ago.
Wolverine, Spider-Man (Espanol), and Iron Man... too bad none of your final exams are on superheroes!
Nice day for a bike ride, eh? I love the rain.
Favorite Show EVER!!! I can't believe they havent renewed it for a second season!!!
love this #digital history assignment! Urban archaeology too!
will do Sunday. Been out and about all day - filming :)
My <U+1D2E><U+1D31><U+1D38><U+1D35><U+1D31><U+1D2E><U+1D31><U+1D3F>.<U+1DAB><U+1D52><U+1D5B><U+1D49><U+1D67><U+2092><U+1D64>. LOve you my lovee Pls pls follow me :D LOve you you very Beautiful and SWAG
I take it your son's not a tweeter, Carol? U have my silence. Um, what's a cd?
and Milwaukee?!?
haha no its cos they film their show there and I think they live there!
I have researched the facts. Its a flawed bill (no single payer) but its not the fascist, freedom denying bill the right says
Tonight is TRIVIA Night! Come in for 75cent flautas, $2 Tecates, and a great time! oo & don't forget to brush up on your 80's movies too! ;)
Our Hope for Humanity honoree this year is Frank Risch, a wonderful advocate of the DHM.
We enjoyed having you!
My new otterbox for my iPhone is.cute :)) HEY! Follow Me on INSTAGRAM : daretobeme - <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
when I looked at the actual video, i said the same. If it was her or someone else that did the makeup, they shud never b allowed
Holocaust remembrance day my dad survived Auschwitz my mom was hidden by nuns. their families were murdered by the Nazis. Never Forget!
Yeah - that's what you get for trying to bend the rules! Ugh.
I was trying to find some books that were written in my birth year and spotted this... Looks....interesting?
I would have fun with it. If I could speak with different accents, I would.
Dad just out of surgery (he's fine). Hospital wifi considers Tumblr an "adult" site and won't let me open it.
Happy to say, we brought the new year in as a family, we are strong
So weird to see all the previews for #TornadoAlley at the takes me back to some great times at !
Thanks to all who came out for the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" - please join us this Saturday for a final "Farewell to the Frescoes."
You on Tumblr? Me too. Follow me. Idlewild1914
the problem is for them it's complicated
i like to thank everyone for showing me and my team love without yall theres no us #HM baby
RT if your dating Austin, but your keeping it a secret because you don't wanna get hate.
Justin,Jaxon,Jazzy-Bieber First name last name (; Happy Birthday Jaxon! you're such a good dad (:
Real option to Romney?
Your point makes sense, Jairo. Is the #media spinning this thing like #MarkTeixeira is so sick he can't hit?
Hey pick n save!! Thank you for donating a cake box for my Team Challenge fundraiser!!!
Lol some of these youtube freestyles off the Unbelievable instrumental... Not bad
So happy :) its about time!
The difference between style and fashion is quality
Come to 60 Upper College Rd, Swan 304 on FEB 21 7pm for a #URI student film screening and Q&A, check out the link for additional info!
Agreed. Even as a longtime Joel Stein fan, I have to admit that he's sort of a professional complainer.
Go Marco!
Next you won't be telling us that they used paralipsis.
Spittin' fire like a dragons pussy
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. I can do a lot, but what I can’t do is pretend that I don’t love you
I have successfully rick rolled 500 people. My life is now complete.
ha! Don't hate...he's already got it!
get a greyhound.
Just left CVS without buying any nail polish. Celebrating little victories here.
If they would have put the one up where I had my penis hanging out of my shorts, I would have bought it!
check out my baseball podcast you will get a kick out of it
"Everyone has choice / When to, or not to / Raise their voices / ...It's you that decides"
those are always good days!!!
gotcha!! .... Any plans for the weekend?
thanks following
So I am getting used to this twitter thing I think lol not exactly sure though!
I don't doubt that... probably part of the reason people walk or bike.
awesome! thanks!
What local NYC/Brooklyn bands do you have high hopes for in 2012?
I wonder if my facebook friends get sick of my constant All Time Low posts? :D
LB Community Food Drive! book a holiday light tour with us ($40 value), bring 2 canned goods (per person) & receive $10 off full priced ride
also, netflix, what do you have against gérard depardieu?
New life goal: learn to cook octopus
Heading to Mishawaka today to visit the sisters who sponsor
Was not a fan... La Brea is like 72nd St. Bagel
Surprisingly lucid and coherent answer from El Richard Perry.
lmao.... too funny!
We teach such stuff as evals are made on, and our little life is hounded by work creep.
The series finale of Desperate houswives made me tear up, now MIOBI 's series finale tomoro, sigh imma burst into tears yo.
U never want something used
iFollowed will you PLEASE Dm them for me ? [:
I rode my bike from downtown with my board on my bike.
When you come back we will have to take you to eat somewhere in the hood. HEHE
I hope your Canadiens vs Bruins game will be a lot more fun than my game tonight! It was boring. Both teams played flat.
Got some semi-good news this morning... Let's hope it's a theme for this weekend!
i always put too much pepper in my food but it's ok because
"Without rest, a man cannot work; without work, the rest does not give you any benefit." - Abkhasian Proverb
Thanks for the FF mention and thanks for your service. Let me know how I can help you! Stay safe!
RT Interview/PhotoShoot x x x producers #thabizness x x
Great idea on getting #organized in 2012!
Life is a balancing act, but with knowledge of what is most important you shouldn't lean too far to one side or the other (a2ib4ue)
« 4. Think success, Think perform, Think victory, Think Winning #TroysCorner»
any luck?
Just watched Contagion, which was good but also scary and is making me more of a germophobe than ever.
Oh and sorry for the long wait... :/
good point
Sunday, January 22 @ 2:00 PM @ #Museum: How We Survived book signing. Book gives 1st person accounts of kids surviving the
Game cheat! If the Blue Key appears on #iPhone game, make sure to hit it quick!
who did you play for?
I'm not getting your text :(
Heading to da doctor
"Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up.....
I am getting..
Gotcha yes
In a couple weeks
The girls are adorable!!!!
I feel like we up to somethin great! ^_^
Thank you!
In Gaziantep, trying to upload a video. 8 mins to upload a 35 sec video. Oy. At least the scenery is nice.
"Both shortstops here, tonight, are pickin' and grinnin'."
shoulder injury I think
MT Walker has worst job record of any guv in America, w/24K jobs lost over last year, as US econ added 2.1M.
Senior Pending This week
Hey Mark...how are you? Do you know any other Business Analysts with Web Systems? We have a new 6 mo. contract with the City....
is it a statue of him pulling Ron Gant off 1st base?
If I could vote I would vote for Flavahz but I cant becuss I live in Canada but I will be giving love Follow back Your dancing is
I hardly need you to satisfy that. You must also be new here
watch yourself now
Thanks for coming in - what are you having?
Phillip Phillips on #idol. He should win.
Got a lot on my mind, time to get on the grind i can't wast no time, got a mountain to clime. It's going to be hard but im ready for it.
Sleep, night guys! xx
LOVING DEMI LOVATTO SKYSCRAPER.... THAT'S WHERE IS AT...
I'm so done being broke!
So glad we could help! Hope you're enjoying the show. We're jealous! ;)
Some pple just like to run things. I collect knives and go the the va and pass them out to vet.That's when I hsve a dr. App.There's always 1
It's so cute when Austin thinks we trended something for him
will pray for them and you also my friend !
hahaha! I like that!
like 2 opposite kinds of monologues
I know what pissed him off last time too. How much did I pay for your services?? Maybe people should know THAT.
ASK!!! I think u can lol!
Lucky enough to be ,apart of a great fundraiser tonight for #Reading is Fundmental Pgh. Great cause, great board with great leadership.
Wide awoke I think.
You're welcome BIC!
People have learned to flying like birds, swim like a fish, it remains to learn to live on earth as human beings.
I love meeting new people, and I did that every minute last night. I had a good time with and the WHOLE family. <U+E022>
I think I'm going to decide wether a person is guilty or not base on their hairdo.
#WINNING My last tweet >
What player did you interview? I would like to get him to the right person to clear up the confusion for him.
well, I rooted for mike sweeney while watching a game one time in kansas city.
I just finished a 13.1 mi run with a pace of 9'46"/mi and a time of 2:08:19 with Nike+ GPS.
take pics...... What shows you wearing?
Thanks! RT : #FF a few sources for insights on #religion ~
presents Artist's Way Sessions w/ , Mondays @ 12-1pm at the Jones Center. Email to enroll!
some dude hit me when he was turning and my car in the front is totaled.
I still haven't forgiven George Martin for that little instrumental bit before the song "Help" on the Capital version of that album.
MILWAUKEE-MISSING DOG: Salvador/chug pup/beige/blk face/Last seen 27th/Forest Home noon today/blue jacket/green collar. 414-719-5891 THANKS!
Hm.....I never really realized how much I truly do like you.
BLUEMAGIC LIVE @ the KELLYSTRAYHORN THEATER IN EAST LIBERTY! TONIGHT @ 8PM.SAY THE CODE *TheaterWithHeart* get $5 dollars off!SEE YOU THERE!
On the way home from our track meet. Van wyck smoked almost all our events! We did amazing, came 2nd for both my 400 and 200
Three! We needed that!
Feelin a new kind of confident
BULLS TIE IT UP Roberto Alterio with the equalizer in the 89th minute! Let's Go Bulls!
I'm a type of bish that gets along with everyone.
Love almonds! From Costco: a 3lb bag will cost ya about $10.
Nothing funnier than 2 D-bag guy "friends" posting humiliating videos of each other on facebook
#hungergames24NY please please please!!!
October 17th: our 6th anniversary. Details forthcoming.
JK! i got it.. thanks anyways
Nutez is a 50% of the time, 100% of the time kinda guy
Thoroughly enjoying read the tweet-fest from on the competitors. Nice work guys.
Lidstrom says Barry Trotz rooks him to come back in the handshakes after the Preds series, it was brought up if he thought Trotz was lying
Needs coffees
Its such a good feeling to help others best kids ever
Where you're already good. Being mediocre or above average in a bunch of spots just makes you mediocre or above average, right?
Drake Younger vs. Jimmy Jacobs is up next.
y'all scared!!
I've seen these episodes 1000X and I still crack up over this stuff.(:
Cake Fetish shirts are in!!! We have Men and Women's xS- XXL
"Dude that song is old"...."Well so is your mom....but you still listen to her."”
tastes great! Less filling!
The Sirens of Titan for sure. Close tie with Slaughterhouse-five
idk n e more ..
Yes! RT : There's a period of mourning and respect after you finish a book. So I shall start reading another tomorrow.
“It is my first arrest, thanks for asking. And let's hope it's my last" - George Clooney on getting arrested outside of Sudanese embassy
your welcome i havent spoke to you in a while i miss you :( lol
Echoed from AU – Nebraska Hall via : Votifi rocking it echoer style at the Swedish embassy
People are rewarded in public for what they practice for years in private. - Tony Robbins. Woah... meditate on that nugget for a few :D
joke and jokes
Steven Tyler died years ago of a drug overdose. They cloned him so he could release albums worth of garbage and co host televised trash.
She was in my Girl Scout troop. We go way back to elementary school.
RT If you're obsessed with
haha I know. I guess I have learned to accept it.. The people are weird too. O.o Worse than me. Lol
Really, everything came out normal. He advised to lay off the coffee and double up on the Mojito's
I dated you,you cheat,i pretend I don't know... I rub my condom with chinese balm,you dance samba....lol
I'm about to MMA your butt if u don't call me!!!! Hahaha
ok I will
Mark your calendars! From September 12th to the 16th, Education Abroad will be kicking off their first ever Study Abroad Week! Be there!
I'm listening to it now, and I said the same thing. RT : Another round remix goes hard
had a great time talking to businesses yesterday!
so don't you worry your pretty little mind.....
um hi :) your my best friend
Switching our corporate site to BlueBox servers. Great experience so far!
But did you see a nipple? It only counts if you saw a nipple.
I'm not sure wat color tho..
cool im in the middle of a different one incase that beat wasnt your style
What are you eating for lunch? About every 25 seconds, an American will have a coronary event. –CDC #WomensHealthWeek May 13-19
How is it not 5pm already?
Why Your Marketing is Missing the Mark (And How You Can Fix It)
Happy Tofurkey day to you!
Sometimes I wish I could play the role of the wise old asian man and help. And sometimes people have to learn the hard way. Life is crazy.
Congrats Graduate School of Social Work, University of Denver Graduates! Enjoy your graduation week! Celebrate!
fans like you are the best!!!
I thought you were so tired last night...
A relationship is not gonna work If you're the only one #DoinTooMuch and the other person is not even trying.
RT : failure is just victory practice, and practice makes perfect heh heh :|
Won 8 of 10 heads up sit n go's in a row last night. I guess I was hitting a little bit, but I also just played some people who aren't good.
ok ill shut up :(
The struggles you went through made you the person who you are today.
Dugan whispered on a scorching day at the funeral, "I'd give a $100 for a beer." Hoyt replied "So would the Babe."
Jammin and my mom says "Oh! This is that music you all listen to with the laser lights!" um...what?!
she was great! I would love to see her in Driving Miss Daisy
i was taught not to focus on the Money but, to let the Money keep me focused.
definitely! And they have awesome special features!
Just Listed Vacant Land in Riverwoods, IL 2 acres for $650,000
My graduation photo shoot this afternoon made me SOO much more excited about Friday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
had a wonderful day a concert with some of the best ppl and then a b ball game at chicago sky...nothing can make this better exp. sleep!
Anything other than iMessage is a turn off.
Going to Lollapalooza next wkend? Make sure to download the new Lolla app and bring your custom schedule with you!
Hell yeah! I am HUGE!
Secret to improving cost efficiency while growing a small biz? Buy from other small businesses.
The convos & I have! HILARIOUS!!!!!
congrats on the deep run
which head? ;)
can you tell Barkley his criticism all game of the Hawks is ridiculous. He sounds like an a$$!
bye i'm goin to sleep
love your icon of u n the legend
I hate that I'm too nice to tell people stuff to their face
After working all morning I am loving Panera Bread for lunch!
thank you!! <3333 So fun despite our minor technical difficulties. Such a glamourous venue
Tonight's Plays still in action: Cardinals-125, Indians-125, Tigers Even, Rockies-140, Clippers+3, Thunder-4.5
Looks like the rain will keep us from serving the best hot dogs in Indiana again today... :-(
You guys, I'm just gonna say it. Quinoa always hits the spot.
MAO! Love it. Bouncy bouncy bounce bounce. Cordial for all :)
only if you want :) i liked his solo record 2 yrs ago..but did u read his post-hof RS interview? he basically tried to diss hof
Feeding ducks & subway.
Had a great organizer meeting yesterday! Made an event roadmap from here to September. First stop: boozy networking and lady DJs.
I'm going to kill the hold music. It is not helping right now.
did so good at the VMA'S!! Iloveyouu JB(:
no probably not
#CrazyThingsFolksDoForLove think a baby will make em stay.
I guess I'll go over to Orlando/ATL.
lol! I'm gonna say "colorful" to you all the time now!
GM WE UP IN HERE
We've seen students affected by the first point, less so by the second. What are your experiences with #tuition? We'll RT thoughts.
Drinking Mtn Dew to make it through last hour of work.
If I'm not #Following u send me a #S/O so i can. I try to
hey heinz
That is an AMAZING shuttle photo!
good luck finding any other high quality scans of Jiri Anderle's work on the internet
With the 16th pick the Jets choose to be the Giants
What a miracle :-) Enjoy every minute!!
LOL, maybe someone used u as prank. I'm not kidding. It's all good.
If hes stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
"I think it's near Carnegie Deli so I'd take a cab there & then ask around." - My aunt's response to my Dad on how to get to Carnegie Hall.
My dad's name viewed through a mirror reads Obama.
Tomorrow is the day everyone will wear green, except my family is Irish Protestant and represent the Orange in the flag
San Francisco, I have made it through your meetings, I will now drink your booze.
OK so I'm in Gboro what's good
thanks man!
Currently Auditioning and Hiring instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. If you're interested or know anyone who would be interested …
watching the science of sex with
airing in mid-March, I'm sure he has help, not sure if he is out atm
Hard is not bad, simply an opportunity to grow. When things are challenging, they help you (force you) to be fully present, learn and grow.
#NW friends wit benefits
All alone at the office. As if things couldn't get more boring...
You know how there are some stars out there who know how to market themselves? I don't have that. - Mark Hamill (Actor)
Tomorrow is looking like the day my new site could launch.
buy me something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yeah Martin is driving this. But I think we are all a wee bit guilty here. Martin should show him the R TREE tho. :)
You made King's MMQB. Nice work!
i guess.. there were fans standing over by their van too but i cant tell if they actually waved at them or not
I don't caree. I hope all your fucking stink bugs rot in hell
But I love you.
Write it and they will come.
Thanks - I'll check Cafayate out.
knock those bastards out too!
loose dc connector on laptop. Any clue how long repair takes?
Now that I think about it. #BreakingIn is a really good show. Its perfect Hulu fodder.
Probably not, but I will stock my bar with lots of Amaretto.
Obama says he believes gay people should be able to marry, but not in legal right to marry. He believes in nothing except being president.
Annoyed ! Can't believe that :/
same. It feels like I've abandoned children. I need to read them like ASAP
Just finished reviewing program and moderator notes for Small Giants Summit. Very interactive, participatory, with great attendees.
Puréed black beans are simmering on the stove and in 30 minutes I will have refried beans! Can't wait to smear some on a tostada....
congrats and good luck!
There's about 4 weeks left of school. It's gonna be a busy 4 weeks
getting close
Solomon Islands, happy new year you crazy pig-eating fuckers!
So excited! Just found trustworthy family to cover my biz so I can take a much needed vaca!!
Chinese international students wandering the halls with unlit cigs in their mouths, speaking English to each other, saying "dude"
Next 2012 Challenge field announcement coming soon! HINT: If he looks like a Duck, and quacks like a Duck...
Praise be to Allah.
Just because u sign a contract doesn't mean ur gonna pop if i have to write for u
If my boss was a female and I knew I would get far by fucking her maybe I would do the same!
Those kinds are hard to find!
As Billy Chrystal gets older the more he begins to look like a Cabbage Patch kid. Ah squeeze those cheeks.
#TheyNeedToBringBack the original episodes of Pokemon people be missing out lol
you do i think.. Maybe not
Global warming I can warm to, Dec 20 and sitting outside reading.
First morning at the new digs, I woke up to hardcore industrial metal being blasted from the living room. Really? On a Sunday morning?
look like you lol
Another bad outing for the
About to hit up some child birthing classes today...ready to learn what we don't already know!
Obviously you don't care about your girl too much!
I don't know that I can watch that show and NOT want to drink ;)
One of the best halftime performances I've seen in a long time! Nothing like Cowboy cheerleaders dancing to your own tunes.
Getting ready for Donuts with Dads at my daughter's school. A little nervous about it. I'm not sure how I'll react to free donuts.
I would say your 5% of Buckeye Nation that "ousted" you was a tad off. You do sell out a lot, but moving is too far.
So who thinks Vigneault is going back to Vancouver
im not wearing anything
At buffalo Wild wings wit my mama n sisters !!
#callingallangels,tonight...I think I am falling past the light. Help,help hold me just one more flight down the street where I onced past.
The line at our booth is still going strong. 6825
That's cool! I wish I could too. I'm too far.
So true. RT : How is it that ALWAYS has the perfect thing to say?
ok he looks flawless
thanks for all the fun! More snorkeling to come! “: yay hope to see you today at Nimitz Beach”
no I'm not. I'm only like that with the Trojans. My older brother is an alumni
I wish I had my head phones..
thanks, Cat!
Time to go to work..
Incompetence and doctors offices. Can I just get on with my day please?
drinks w work friends #weird #whoareyoureally?
You came up with the question, unknowing of the answer?
Headed out to do some socializing!
on what? Lol
in waco are we? you better believe i`ll be at the showgroundz on saturday!! :)
im picky !
"Festivus begins with the airing of grievances. I got a lotta problems with you people!!"
For example: your b-hole. You would not want to put them there for desired effect cc
Opening my new roomba
"Had I enough mercury, I could transmute the seas."
getting braces tomorrow!!!
What he meant> RT : Clint I guarantee you'll gave interesting combo with Fred
has braided her hair into a mormon crest and is now sorting through a box of buttons.
awesome, thanks!
Lil boy!!! Tricks r 4 kids...grow the fcc up...
I'm a designer all the way, but I do want to understand how the back-end works as well.
GRRRRR my laptop is messed up ugh! Hope my step dads friend can fix it!!!!
Woke up this morning having no idea what day of the week it is. Yep off to a great start!
The new Living Colour album is blowing my mind apart, but not to pieces. It's great.
Fanatics tickets on sale today!
awesome , i did post pictures on my facebook . they are not the best pictures .
I'm a Tebow fan but I don't need his success to validate my beliefs. He doesn't need the pressure of carrying that banner.
Follow got crazy beats that are only $1.99 to lease.
definitely his. I *wish* I had the time to get sucked in...
It's a beautiful sunny saturday! Off to the mall with Brenda & Sara !
OK, THAT was weird... just had a conversation w male co-worker who took womens side & I took mens...
The sun is shining and the beer is brewing, stop by and smell the hops!
#marketmix rolls on with Looking forward to the presentation from him and Gus Swanson.
I don't kno who to believe trust or anything
RT : Just wrote a few lines on the typewriter that's in my office chik-Ding-zip-Chik-chik-chik... Love it -We still have one!
The one you got your lips all ova' ^.^ Jacobb
that cobra is nice. How much?
My pleasure! Lots of fun, and great students.
realizing i am so bad at photoshop makes me wish i paid closer attention in class four years ago. whoops...
lets play a game give me like 10 likes ill pop one off....
Party of 16 at The Hamilton!
At Docs. Like a gentleman.
ART FOR RANSOM...get the word out. Are you coming tomorrow night? Come on, just stop by.
Hit hard? Yep. But $ for a head injury is no dif than pulling a Tonya Harding. needs to lay off the crack pipe.
Have fun in vegas
#BACHATA on DECK!
U THINK u know, but trust me - you don't know what u don't know
Happy Friday from GTWT!
Undefeated! Thrilled with ASJ's ability to bruise inside. Study him, Kemp/Breunig RT Huskies are now 1-0 in the ASJ era!
girls don't get agile sorry...
Need to get back there for some Gongfu sessions!
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.Samuel Johnson
Getting to know plenty of guyz these weeks, apparent I'm not ready for it.
TY so much for the recommendation to read my blog!
How to share your iTunes music library on a home network
Bernard Choi of used Flickr & Twitter to help his community be a part of the Paris Air Show action!
Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press
#FF b/c these peeps run with haha
Remember the Holiday Outreach Pancake Breakfast today at the Railroad St. Brewery from 9am-12pm!
The perfect martini last night at #SutterStreetSteakhouse. Slightly dirty, up, three blue cheese stuffed olives.
Got to wait two weeks to take my son in to the pediatrician. Thats military bases for you. They seems to be over booked on everything.
you better be careful in Korea.... Cause they just launched a fucking rocket.
www.myspace.com/sirenpromotions all bands/artists should add us!
is def 1 of the real reporters. he mentioned the info he had that he does not report...where is the line?
saw the #Lookup tag. Feel free to include us in your posts and we'll RT. #Support #photography. :) Best!
Too long of an inning. No me gusta...
If you gotta scrap up change to eat out then yo tail need to just go home and get full off of crackers &h20
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal. ~Buddha
crazy! damn ! I bet a cleaner person took it! I wonder how much $'s Apple makes on replacement merch from losses!
“Books must be treated w/ respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power.” <U+2015> Terry Pratchett
Holy shit, this is not good. :/ Map your house out as a grid, assign everyone a section & go totally #CSI good luck!
Gerontocracy, rule by elders, is becoming a thing of the past. Across the nation, young people are organized to Youth'n ® Up the government.
Just made a Google+ account... what's the business, someone please explain how this will benefit my life...
Hello, Austin.
Told my mom a story then she responds with, "well... YOLO!" #BestMomEver :)
I was thinking the same thing, Kevin...
Well, has been nothing but wonderful. The GM gave us a personal tour. Very awesome. Not overly expensive and very delicious.
you need to stop saying stuff about innocent black people before something or somebody will come and really hurt u.
And I can't change your opinion.
It's not about the people who we've known the longest. It's about who came and never left.
It's not that I don't like you, I just enjoy other people more.
Looking at pictures and videos from this #Weekend help #Monday go by faster.
It's being fought by because it doesn't incorporate test scores.
Good to know. RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. – Maya Angelou
my 3 year old sister saw your music video for Rags and she said "Oh she's so beautiful!" tehee :)
actually her name is moose, but she looks just like Lucy!
Alpha Dog not your normal Imperial IPA. Complex and rich!
I'm telling the Djm 800 you've been having a threesome with a 57 & an Efx 500
u be here the 22nd.
unfollowing shouldnt even be an option :)
I can smell you all the way from my house. Gross.
From Pets of the Homeless (a charity I <3) "A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself." Josh Billing
I would be the best housewife ever, all I do is cook.
your welcome(:
who. Join the club! High five <U+270B>
yup, I can't even fight it anymore. IPhone it is.
Frustrated! I really hate...strong word...dislike greatly unorganized places, people and things.
Haven't had a cigarette all day! Doing good..let's see how far I can make it!
Can't wait til tomorrow she coming to see me :)
Thank you, Kristen!
Because they think it's the next "Nation at Risk" & expect it to have national impact. Shame the press doesn't research anymore
Jesus was willing to get his hands dirty to serve others. Pursue serving others, as you were called to do!
Being a TV taste tester for Next Food Network Star and who is here but ! HAY GIRL
You sure we trust her out in traffic, all befuddled like this?
Toffes win 3-2. btw, you can't put '''''' in has tags or it break up the word
Did you know we're giving portion of sale of book to Found. For Women's Cancer? Cool too?
dayana is fierce
In addition to 's list.
I have no idea what it means.
I'm stuck with the marijuana topic as a debate for English lmao
AH! I can't believe it?! How do you not like him? He's like the greatest thing EVER!
Overheard"Dang she would be ite if she could just get some teeth in her mouth! Shed clean, got nice body, I'd go deep like Ron Jeremy."
You should! So good!
Rt: ": A girl is thirsty for attention. A WOMAN has standards. #MajorDifference"
Anyone know of an informal screen for CAS?
Try Perlo's in East Rochester. Best calamari in town and the seafood pomadori is excellent!
#FF because every tweet makes me laugh
Not so bad, having a blast with some awesome people from Twitter!! They make me laugh! =D Lots of talent here, too!!!
Need to be golfing in this weather
best thing is... it is fully functional. We have lopped off the heads of several, reviled capitalists already.
IN Quotes: "We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today." - Stacia Tauscher
I just heard that when you get shot you poop your pants. Which means- 50 cent has tons of poo in his pants.
no kidding! Plus, the need for "instant gratification" in our culture doesn't help.
In school and trying my hardest to have notice me. One I these days I hope he notices me
Why Digital Publishing? Environmentally Friendly, Convenient, enabling & engaging, good timing, first, cost reduction, measurable.
What fight was the 50-45 Judge watching? Close fight, but I had Faber 48-47. Almost as bad as Rampage over Machida
and I love u nephew..
I'm pleased to share that Ron just announced John Krogman as the new COO
Oh, and thanks for the follow! And back at you!
Yup. For some reason- no matter how much fracking gets talked about- the general pop. here isn't really getting up in arms. its sad
planning a meeting agenda. how can we make it happen this time?
craziest thing you've ever seen until Wednesday's Vertical Fashion Show for the opening of Revere!
IDEK YOUR QUOTES AND WHATNOT
Google+ trends: Justin Bieber&#39;s &#39;Boyfriend&#39; video, Star Wars Day
Sarah Newberry aiming for 2016 Sailing Olympic Team
if it let's me! I've been on follow limit :( but ill try x
any bumper cars over there?
Great question about collaboration via #Schoology. We'll be opening more of the networking features soon. We'll keep ya posted!
I'm TONITE 159th Harlem!!......don't meet me ther bEAt me ther!!
#PaulyDProject cant wait! So excited :) I've been watching the Jersey Shore marathon al day!
I feel like going to the mall. c:
Your illustrations make me happy, they are all so fun.
S/o To Follow Him <$
Actinia Oil Rig Blowout
Stealings not nice-1st person 2catch thief stealing our sign on video &file police report gets $100 -Just send us copy of video & report!
I have recently been put in charge of garbage. When you think of garbage, think of Akeem!
Coughing & sneezing up a storm #sosick #whygodwhy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I need me a shawty for the weekend lbs
is this a sly dig toward air ports
is Dr. Todd Little
he said $25 but who knows .... I'll find out for sure today.
I've had pictures of the ESBW in my slide deck for years! Rad!
no problem (:
Life is an adventure...live it!
just one long awkward day. -.-
#azizansari 3some guy: "Next thing you know their gettin' naked." New parents night out: "Next thing you know were getting Nachos."
:) so what are u doing ??
i remember thinking "my gawd, i wish somebody would have shown me this guy sooner! He's amazing!"
how was Coachella?
A shame indeed! There's a trauma story there re: black ppl standing behind Newt.
lol well its cuz u get chocolate wasted. I don't even think he has had one drink yet..
Just shovel it into the sewer. That's what I did lol.
sorry guys. account hacked =/
#t-mobile hell is spending 20 mins in their customer disservice phone loop trying to get a simple question answered! Oh, & web sys broke 2!
The One With All The Snoring. Lmao
Finna smoke this kush to mad
Canine Hip Dysplasia is the most commonly inherited orthopedic disease in dogs & afflicts more than 50% of dogs in some breeds.
Commission meeting in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
I hope you find many friends, including the McClains! I will support you on your quest to true friendship
Miss Angola and reining Miss Universe Leila Lopez is in the building and looks beautiful! 4th black queen to hold this title.
The city is my church.
love this dress!!!!!! I vote gold or nude!
Your excellent work w/ was a big topic at a #socialmedia for non-profits panel I moderated last night.
On an adventure!:D
Roger is one of the cutest boys I've seen in a while <333
Like there werent enough reasons to mock Tebow now we have pics of him getting a mani/pedi? Yeah, thats really masculine
Chika Chika has "Super Cute" summer eyewear!!! Visit our store inside the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson TODAY!!!
Congrats! Class of 2012!
I'm no journalist, but following the #ji3 conversation is intersting...
I do that on a daily basis.
At the vuu graduation i swear i've only seen like 5 white people lol
how is viet food? whats a good place in DC
both EDRM for explanation; Sedona for concepts and strategy
Rosenstiel says you risk losing credibility. I agree. It's a perception business and there are other jobs.
GM fam + friends. I wish you all nothing but happiness & love have a gud 1
that's why I can't find a job!
great interview, you two are the future of the black generation and its good to see smart intelligent black people.
If racist white people don't want Obama for another term they need a better candidate than a two-faced fanatical cult member running
Did you follow ???
I want one!
every guy tries and fails to learn break dancing via youtube videos at least one time in his life.
things i've learned at #lssc12 so far: science -> philosophy -> culture -> industry. we're stuck in deterministic + mass production mindset
The idea of National Hugging Day makes me want to throw up. Don't jump to conclusions. i love dogs. john LaCarna
it *was* really good!
Just finished my last session fir the mixtape
SO CUTEE! mines dyed with KOOL AID!
I love this red in my hair YO!
Playing metal guitar with distortion up at 10
A few years ago, a Starbucks barista reluctantly told me that the drink I ordered (coffee w/ two shots) is also called a "JFK"
In NC... living the dream.. lol
love to all of my followers and ones that will become my followers and every1 else out there, love u and now i am getting off of twitter ily
Sounds to me like you're winning the weather rivalry.
I want a massage.
Got a second? Go follow And like them on Facebook.
Boys that know how to use tools. <33 >>>>
Wednesday is the day yo!
I agree but at least mats did play in the acc for a year. But if someone thinks he adds more than a little depth they're wrong.
Caleb just loves calling people on my phone, He's called everyone in my contacts! He's so sweet.(:
I just really want to go to a movie today so I am going to see Gone. I think I may regret this.
Just letting everyone know....the obsession has not left yet!!!!
same here ): it sucks!
Johann Wolfgang Von GoetheA general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
well soon as a i get my crib im having a fat ass smokeout lmaoo... no furniture so im gettin fucked!!!
Cool. Look forward to hearing from you when you're in town.
Steve Harvey makes family feud so much better
The World seems so BIG
Ex wanna work it out BITCH TRY YOGA
just watched crying on stage..I am literally drenched in my own tears . he is the best guy in the world.this is justin's world
totally. We could probably form our own conference. :)
Neko Case over Miranda Lambert, are you crazy?
Microsoft propose to buy Yahoo for $ 20 Billions ONLY :)
Enjoying the company of Beti and Zoki. Ate great gumbo.
Not impressed.
Burk: Donors like USAID support citizens rights in the face of digital crackdowns in authoritarian regimes in Africa
I don't ask girls for their phone numbers. I ask them to be my Facebook friend first. This way, I know what I'm getting myself into. #Creep?
I think you have got the wrong person :'),im in year 9 haha x
thought of the day part 2: some journalists are investigative or analytical. we now compete with other investigator and analysts.
preciate the follow
we could go swimming or clubbing or whatever else is allowed haha
Thankyou & idk I just think I need to start wearing it. omg, really? :((((((( i'll miss you so much <3 lol /:
This article is at least somewhat fair! Not a blazing lie-as the #UN has been doing from #Syria...bad picture of #mood lulz
When will Artie find love?? I feel so sorry for him, he always seems like he is stepped on by people! :-( :-(
You misspelt "the entire team"
It's not going to be an all-nighter...but it will probably be a most-of-the-nighter.
Been watching Live from the Masters on So ready for the first round.
what's good ill be there this weekn, we most kick it bra
The Devil's Backscratcher
lolwut RT : "This position is required to work 50-60 hours per week out of [redacted]'s office." Wait, what?
Hater: You're ugly Me: Okay. Hater: You have no life. Me: Cool. Hater: Demi can't sing. Me: *Loads the gun*
. 50 Shades of Hey HEY Hey, flamboyant fan fic like you wouldn't believe...
Thanks! here's some info on how I did it. bit.ly/rjmyw5
I Made this Account the Day IaMmE Won.. Well 2Weeks after they Won.. aha!!
You are the dream that I would<U+2665>
Ah ok... Let me know what you think of it when you move over. Yes, I did hear that she's not there anymore. :(
Btw, i cannot see Chrissy or doc. R they actively in this convo??? lol
I have Showtime. I'll try to catch up this summer.
RT : Some of you been Praying for a Problem-Free life, and I'm sorry, but that doesn't come until you reach Heaven!
Hey, , if you ask nicely, I might bring you some Petit Jean bacon.
haha I wear that charm bracelet you made me every day :)
Going to Walmart was a stupid idea. This place is packed and I have no patience today. :/
where you at?
yup i always work when everyone else is sleeping. i highly recommend it!
Uh...RT : It's up to Barry Zito to prevent the Giants from their first 0-4 start since 1950. Seriously.
sorry about the loss to UC on Saturday. Lacrosse season is around the corner.
she probably a baby mama! He don't probably answer her calls or she just wasted
A relationship is between 2 people and not the whole world.
Yeah, we kinda do! Thanks.
us too!
Off to set! Gonna be a good one today!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 26
I simultaneously have to oficially turn in my black card AND my guy card based on how excited I am for tonight's new episodes of 90210 & MP
Ah, I here ya.
Sad my brother wont be here for my prom :( missing it by only a couple days too. If only he could take sick days from the army to come home
When is Blackbird opening, dammit!?!
How was everyones new year?!
I got tweetlimit in my other account :(
Congratulations to Young Edghill for entering our co-sponsored contest with Designs By Loreen Hall, Natural Notts!
Keynote died as I'm on the last slide. No!
Come thru in a viper, yessir I might white nike her/ yeah she straight but get it straight, underestimate I might just dike her
super bummed that I missed the Counting Crows in LA last week
I really wish I knew where all my math notes were! <U+E059>
My lil cousin might be #Gsu16 ...hit her up.
I hate when I accidentally click Spotify instead of Firefox and have to wait 20 seconds to close it.
Letters: Mismatched Christmas lights - Longview Daily News Letters: Mismatched Christmas lights Longview Daily News I buy Christmas light
not a pen anymore don't care. Unfollowed rupp and talbot too. Loyalty. Done.
Actually, whenever a guy drunk calls his exgf >>>>>
Snooki is pregnant. That kid is going to be a psychiatrist's wet dream.
Dreams are sweeter if they involve you. xoxo
Unions join #occupyMN movement, filling streets in downtown Mpls.
LOL. Of course you can see them. Adults that are full of blood are about the size of my pinky fingernail.
lmao austin, poor dave! i'm here if you want, no problems ;p
Bluetooth be damned. I can't tell anymore if someone is schizophrenic or talking on the phone.
Can't decide what color to get my nails done! :/
Enjoy your day... Pray for Chicago!
You funny man Lichucki! Seriously, that was good.
Shut. Mouth. Grace!!!!
Thanks to all participants in today's CampusHelp iSem ft ! If you have questions about CampusHelp email !
<---Ready for some football
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional.
just don't forget me in NYC or NJ
long time no speak
I'm down for that! Just let me know a time!
Wahoo! Hahaha. Is very awesome a hint for very uncool? Sigh. Ah well. I was at USC campus today. That's a thug life. Ha.
#caiglac222 what do you recommend for quick updating of multiple online platforms?
What are your plans for St. Patrick's Day this weekend?!
huh? What you mean?
The hardest things to say are things that probably need to be said.
SoloSEO -- great utility linking tool - simply enter some of your keywords and bam!
safe journey
"I'd be jealous if I was someone else and I heard us having this conversation."-My idea of what some American broad says about our convo.
Love the product, although I keep calling it Robo Quote when talking to my wife. This thing produces bids in no time.
Helping to #OccupyPittsburgh? Stop by for some free chipotle pumpkin soup to warm your 99%-er soul!
Not geeky
Yeah this place is good. Not your real authentic mexican food, but a big step up from anything else.
On any other day, I wouldn't mind a little porn on my dash. Today, I'm at work. So, I have to switch between Tumblr, Twitter, and Google.
Coward Ass Nigga Gone Make Me Put Some Gloves On!
no idea lol
(jen) Skyping Munich!
Shots of Kahlúa w/Dan the man
Rangers win. Knicks don't. Party in New York City?
with oatmeal
"Motive does matter..." US Atty Booth Goodwin at #fairnessWV11 "Hate crimes laws are important."
Beautiful soup.
: "Is this offensive?" Me: Its fashion. Its supposed to be offensive."
yep just about.! But by plane its only 45 minutes
Aww, thanks lovely!!
I did contemplate meatloaf, but not spicy!
what's this mahomie slumber party thing tomorrow..
Check out a free app called "lose it". Gaining or losing weight if next to impossible without knowing your caloric intake.
So I'm guessing you're not a drug-addled monkey? ;) LinkedIn doesn't have a listing for that in their skills.
In business "When it rains it pours". Hold on to your hats, gang, it's about to get nuts up in here!
I'm biased and a fan towards Jones already because of his brother. lol.
you're going to eat breakfast at 8 pm.......are you Korea time? its 8 am over here and I'm downing the yogurt now....
Publix workers are so creepy...
lol i am , all alone tho
I miss Matt when use rubber bands as his bracelet. LOL
Chicken Enchilada Soup and Chilaquiles for dinner, Happy #CincoDeMayo !
Signing at the Hawaii Island Book and Music Festival listening to jazz. Stop by!
Well I guess since my 16th birthday was in august almost 2 years ago...I should really get on that driving thing....
test is in a month.. study up.
thanks alot. i appreciate that man
d other day 1 kept zig zaging back and forth in front of my car, almost killed myself trying 2 avoid hitting de little critter.
Over caffeinated, slightly hungover ... Makes me and the original jokeSTARz
lo-fi adjective used for describing electronic music that is produced in a small private recording studio without spending much money
computer repair team: creating images for ez os deployment on all working desktops.
Read an hour every day in your chosen field.This works out to about one book per week,50 booksper year,and will guarantee your success. Bri
okay.! what do you want to do.?
Looks like we r going to get impromptu performance by guest band Po & the 4fathers. #rsd12 nice!!
RT Today will be a great day :-)
New Sparkling Rose...just in time... Casas del Mar Rose Brut Cava, Penedes, Spain
Getting stuck behind a horse carriage.
bad mental picture!
it sucks for boys that used to date girls that are gay now, i know they shitty .
Hilarious quote on #30Rock just now.
Today has ben....pretty great.
Wish we could have a viewing/heckling/research party! :)
I need to find me an Ocho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Tiny goal in life: suss out "it is . . . that [verb]s" phrases and FIX THEM.
"I may be a small Irish man but I pack a mean punch"
I need wifi!
Let me be your angel ... let me be the one for you ... let me be the one you believe in ... :) Eu te amo, Miguel! xo
Oh, come on Usershare.net. Hurry up. Downloading a new mixtape to post about on FreeMixtapeLove.com. What's up!!
Stay tuned for upcoming music shows on Thursday December 15th + Saturday December 17th!
Let's definitely ask Shawn and Steph for slides!
#mohrstories is the best thing to happen to the summer of 2011! is fantastic Always has been. Always will be
Appreciate the RT, thank you Eric.
CSUS Big Band concert tonight with Rick Shaw from Gordon Goodwins Big Phat Band. Starts at 8pm. Gonna be great time!
Yeah... knew having a non-active account there would be worth a shit someday!
thanks for the great care package. - good to be part of the team!
Got that D1 Athlete jumpsuit on today... Time to get some free shit
I luuuvvvv my shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
looking for restaurant recs in Manhattan - dinner w/ my aunt & uncle tomorrow night. Any thoughts?
Haha! No worries, and thanks! I disabled my FB wall, so my real friends had to put in the effort this year. You passed!
hahah lmao!!! Like no one has our name!!
I want just one more!!! Haha I'm going to go for 2nd round goin to try my hardest
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. Reports Technical Disclosure Review
My bathroom was purple and pretty.. Now its getting all yellow and null and ugly..
some ppl r mean =[ but im strong n i wont let it bother me because thats just me!!
No, he was at AA Huntsville when traded.
Still cant believe I got my belly button pierced.. #Crazy !
is it hard?
#GoodThingsInTheWorld #Besties!! & Heather <3 Love to my best friends!
Of course! I'm such a night owl! :]
according to Germany, Hitler wasn't all that bad
why don't we do that more often ;) was a fun dinner
Now we are watching #Oscar nominated Puss In Boots :)
Spotted a chick in a Juniata hoodie on the bus. It's like we're apart of a secret sisterhood only 1600 other people know about.
Encourage your followers to follow me. Daily updates on the event world! #association #event #corporate thanks!
What's up, world? Let's make some big stuff happen today.
yay for getting out of town tho! Enjoy that desert!
Everytime I watch Fuentes pitch, I an reminded of Jeff Cirillo.
even though it says "DNS Setting Incorrect", they could be correct? Just need to wait it out? How can I confirm that?
Thanks for the follow! Maybe we'll see you at the next Las Vegas #CashMob on April 21st. Stayed tuned for more deets!
Right after Call Me Maybe came on, Boyfriend came on Pandora<3 ahh can't wait until #BoyfriendVideo <U+E022>
thanks mate I will ok now I have two suggestions anymore
I think they should review that one. Kuhn's left foot was down...
I'll get on it! Midterms are preventing people from acting out as much as they normally would. Bummer.
great perspective: kids today grew up with Patriot Act, and culture of fear around 9/11 and terrorism
Friday as in tgifriggingfriday. Weekend: When I can clean my house and sleep.
Hey everyone has been hacked. Don't click on those URLs unless you really love viruses.
Kenny Bosch has resigned as the varsity boys basketball coach at West Allis Hale High School after two seasons.
Activist Shareholder Alleges Yahoo CEO Lied About His Computer Science Degree
Limbaugh will continue to lose support, as any association with him has now reached "polluting" status.
there's beauty in everything, it's just how you choose to look at it.
Kind of undermines your credibility when you mix up "you're" and "your," doesn't it?
Random passenger to my mom: tonight, while I'm in bed in Cincinnati, I'll be thinking of you on your flight to Paris.
What's this? The darkest color I got? Yeah, get it on there.
I really want to go to Let's do it! 50/50 was sold out, so I'm back home. Boo!
Cinnamon! Great in hot chocolate, s'mores, rice crispies treats, and so much more!
#humpdayfollow why thank you!
Just watched "I know who killed me". You're AWESOME in everything you've ever been in. Just saying'. :)
I fear has a bad case of Seinfelditis. Symptoms include claiming to like New Adventures of Old Christine
can't wait till ben finishes his final at 8 so I can see his face :)
Watching UConn come back on marquette. Wow. They want it, that's for sure. Marq got a bit lazy and Huskies are all over it!
Thankful for all the wonderful people who tweeter. I am grateful for your rich humanity! I hope your day was yummy filled with love.
I'll go with you too!
How's Wednesday going so far, folks?
There's never a right time to say goodbye
im hungry 'af !
A man who stands solid in his shoes will resist even the strongest of winds!
Do any of you SB gals have some good recommendations for compression socks for our pal The S-Unit?
Can't wait for the #Masters final round ratings. Sorry #NBA but you're getting owned right now thanks to El Tigre
Donald Ray Pollock's sophomore effort, THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME, drops tomorrow.
When amazing dreams aren't real << <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
good morning i'm back.
Kids these days!! SMDH!
it's missing blueberries
We're setting up for today. Huge thanks to the Decorating Crew volunteers for assisting!
2 free massages at the SAG-AFTRA annual health fair today! Feeling good!
wake up and lets party
It has been a great honor of my life to watch these artists paint
So happy I don't work today
Saw this coming BREAKING: Phillies LHP Cole Hamels suspended 5 games and fined for intentionally throwing at Nationals OF Bryce Harper
get your titties out
Professional content from
he totally did that on purpose. MT "She spoke with difficulty .... but what she said--" final line of Kafka's The Castle.
Hi Niall! I love you so much!<3 hugs & kisses from Sweden!!
O.O
MT : NSB is meeting Thurs & Fri Will review the RFI responses on data sharing. Expect interesting NSF statement soon
Portlander wants to put his money in a credit union, in support of #OccupyPortland but U.S. Bank's ATM is just so close to his house...
Little guy has double ear infection and beginnings of pneumonia. Mama and Mr. are exhausted. :(
Words hurt. Scars will remain. So before you say something...think about the way you want people to treat you.
That new GM commercial reminds me of
Just added Four Houses to my TBR. Looks intriguing...
I always loved that album. Very underrated album that was the perfect response to Lennon's Imagine album.
good to learn that lesson THIS year as opposed to next
Finna ride out I got my beat..
congrats so much
I think your account has been hacked, got an odd DM from you...
Zac Brown understands me better than I understand me.
#itwouldbegreat if I could stop sneezing. aghhh!
Want me to TELL YOU
yeah like I've seen him shirtless but he says he doesn't have abbs but I have proof lol
here... You drive. Your better.
Yes,I went for a night walk
Wish you were all going to be in the City since you're all so fun to watch! I would not fit in w the Persian Version in G.N. lol
Somethings wrong if yo dogs dick is bigger than yours
nope y
Aw thanks!
“: here's to the kids who are atheists in a religious family.” Wow, you're SUCH a rebellious individual.
Facebook is my hands. Youtube is my voice. Google is my eyes. Wikipedia is my brain. Twitter is my heart.
so glad 2 be home..... it feels great.
Thanks for the heads up! Can't wait to give another listen to one of my "highlights of the year".
It was great-- the kids were all documenting observations, collaborating, hypothesizing, completely engaged. Loved it!
That'd probably work too. Really anyone who wants to track the ROI of social sharing can use it.
No school today #hategettinsick:(
Don't fall asleep, Maegan. Don't fall asleep.
Would you like to get an ice cream and fuck? What's wrong? Don't you like ice cream.
Just had a great show with some great girls
Happy Birthday to the Queen of Milwaukee Traffic, the delightful
The patio is open
Why is there nothing I want more than you?
Disappointed about absence on today's Twitter in Education session. Reasons will become evident later today
Sometimes a slightly greasy pepperoni pizza just hits the spot! Yum!
robo sapien is looking at us funny.
clinical pharmacology wins 4me. More info, break down drugs. Lexi-comp lacks depth. Look @ clin-eguide- has Facts & comparisons
time to turn off email notifications from twitter.
It's 1:31pm and OU still sucks. (and we're serving delicious food...come get some)
Dear ProTools, kindly finish mixing the sound.
The Foreign Exchange - Maybe She'll Dream of Me
Where did you find the naked men? LOL RT : I want to see cupcakes and shoes on Pinterest. Not naked men.
TY for including me (sorry I missed this).
I just have to believe this front office is smart enough to ignore them.
There are things that I will never get or understand when it comes to people
Nope. No early heads up unless we've got a telepathic link. Kept remembering to ask you at the wrong times. :)
I have got some serious fever.
is craving Dunkin Donuts... would be proud!
my uncle just hit my PARKED car<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>how do you hit a parked car?! C'mon man
Ed and zach going over guitar parts. While looking really hot. Http://twitpic.com/47o3sr
saw that someone scratched your car door. Just thought you should know.
Are you planning to take a piano lesson?
Another day of industry meetings in L.A. and prepping for Vegan 101 Season 2.
i wonder if body heat has any correlation to ones libido..im always going through HOT flashes..im too young for this ish
Can't complain. :) Wrapping up my tour here, heading Stateside in a month! How about you? Staying in FL for a while yet?
Grand central station = DEAD.. O.O
It's a sneeze party up in here.
I've been blessed with so many things this past months. My life is definitely headed in the direction that i dreamed with.
What if the time you spent blogging nourished your soul? Wouldn't that be nice!
"why'd ya lose all ouwa cahds?" i have a page of cards from back then of dykstra/gooden/strawberry... three each.
Not sure if I'm lazy, frugal, or not creative, but I'm wearing the same Halloween costume I wore in '09. I hope no one stalks my fb pics.
Chalmers! It's over!
Get it right people.... It's not happy holidays its merry fuckin christmas
you smoke?
The Socially Good Train keeps on rolling at tonight. Join us for a Date Auction, grab a Slap Cancer cocktail & possibly a date.
Was gonna play a new MMO, Tera. But saw a hot woman at grocery store and was like "You should get on with ur life idiot.". So skipping it.
who you going with
kirk+cousins
hi my love. Miss you.
and I were supposed to be going to Friendly's Saturday night! ugh.
good god i love you lol
He's not too Racist!
Ha you can call me whatcha want bruh. But in the USA we defend our own to.
Happy first day of classes to and
"I ain't eatin' no raisin cookie," said by a moron in my office.
too small or too big? if it's too big maybe you could get dr. scholl's inserts or something? good luck!!
Setting up a Theme Factory Tour for next week... Helping clients realize their dreams... Making the "WOW" happen, all in a day's work!
#scarymovierulestoliveby stay out of the corn field, the woods, old houses, attics, graveyards, etc
welcome back clown!, hope d will's manhood felt nice!
also email me anytime
~ Perfectly. The view is fabulous! :)
GOD don't like ugly and he ain't too crazy about pretty !!!
lol we're just cool like that!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That "on the first warm day in May" song really stays with you...
We Not In Church, Harvey HURRY Dat Sh*t Up
ok then..and tell your friends to pls add me
And the line is starting to form for tickets! #sdsu vs
We will be there! Looking foward to it!
Going to college to study the paranormal.. have all my life encounters with ghost...
Having time time if my life! This is how you start 45!!!
naps and coffee
EXCELLENT! Yea, he is something else. Spoiled cat :) Love him.
2 Add I was once a victim of austim myself as a kid and soon realize I'm not alone. Later God cured me from it and so forth!
I know right?
Between 6th and 7rh street on walnut
Sad the Flyers are gone, but glad don't have to play them if they make it to the cup.
now following
library mgt grp meeting is monthly and almost always open invite.
May the IT gods smile favorably upon me :)
Lastest IM Reviews Posts 5 Star Reviewed Tablet PC in Stores
that's good shit though
Are you going to come?? We met Abby from the HS on Friday & mentioned that we "knew" you from Twitter.
Hi, Yes, do you mean the ? That is still here!
Best pizza in the world! You can tell I have not traveled much : | .... someone spelled Candelaris wrong
That's actually a great idea.
I wonder if Malia & Sasha have a few Sidwell school chums w/ 2 mommies or 2 daddies? Probably helped the Pres see straight on gay marriage.
good lookin' out!
Thanks! It's an exciting time to be working here.
no prob, I'm sure we'll chat again soon :)
Thx for the interesting follow mention. RT
Heck yes really! dont you tease me! lol whose with ya?
Excited to sing a song with The McCrary Sisters tonight..
Middleton leads Verona 6-0 in the sixth in baseball.
Flying out to Colorado to see some of those great outdoors. I hear they have some mountains out there.
YES RT Great time as always. Missed you Loren!
yeah, that was like the worst surprise ever. Very sad, very tragic.
Paul Coffey quotes:“Wayne was a big part of my career in Edmonton that I think that having him in the building is just icing on the cake,”
I need something to do tonight hmu
#2011in3words "It's Yesterday's News.....
Great, haha besides this heat, you?
uf good catch!
in the afterglow making some great crepes for the fam up in da U.P. here.
I was here <3
Going to sleep missing my home, my bed, and my boy. Can't I just fast forward 5 days?
Yeah, think they struggled to get to 50. Should have stuck to a Top 10.
anytime(: hope it's great!
You're welcome W~! :-)) Now go & have fun with H, I think he's been waiting long enough, LOL>
Thanks, hope you enjoy!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter last week, I had no followers. We're off to a quick start and loving it. Keep telling your friends about us. 214
Can't wait to watch basketball games today <3
Pitt writer's workshop permission slip deadline extended to Friday #creativecomp See me in 176 for form.
they always ask me if im the one sitting on the grass...but they never read the little bio ive provided for their convenience
RT : If you are a journalist or media publisher here's a great new resource www.mymediainfo.com. Check it out!
Late Night Happy Hour at 10, just started a few new beers, including one from Flying Dog Brewery!
Lol omg that's hilarious! And awkward and kinda disgusting...
It's hip to be square.
And it's only going to keep getting better!
Pmanning prediction: Titans
#tips 5 Proven Tips For Getting Pregnant - Following This Procedures Can Help You Conceive
Malkin is a beast and he knows it
How exactly do you "turn swag on" swag is something you either you have or ya don't.
2-2 w/ 13:34 left. RT : Steven Stamkos. Wow! 55th goal of the season, right past Thomas, to tie the game.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
just tied camden in tetris. my record is better than his still. So its all good
so many great options!!! :) but it goes to and Kanye... those dudes didn't even show lol
Ppl get nervous on our runs and ask if Til is a pit. I say he is a lab. I guess I'm not helping the pit movement, but I hate ppl so eh.
Ricky out on Vegas lite a candle 4 o'sheas.. HA
did you help out with the ian somerhalder foundation
yep! how did u know? Haha ;)
Ah, federal grant research/editing. We meet again.
Congrats! Sounds very cool.
It wouldn't bother me if I worked every day this summer. I be makin <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Applied to some stores today. Feeling a bit confident :)
You'll never understand the pain you put me through.
Stuck in a car wash... New experience for me.
and we lost :(
and did you change your number again? Lol
OH HI THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.
Met w/ the director of a web series today, & he decided to cast me as the lead! Holy Week during The Birthday Month ROCKS!!
Groupon commences in just a few hours! Happy Holidays form RHY!
I promise!!
OBAMA is in CHI-TOWN! Welcome fellow Allies!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
Omg girl I miss you too!!!! Lol I still have out beautiful drawing of Tina the giraffe thingy on my wall ;)
Damon and Elena yayyaaaaaa trending worldwide
Hah! I seriously had a brain freeze moment when I saw it.
it was Bon Iver, which for some reason I didn't recognize...now they're on to some kind of space music...
Thanks for sharing!!
Wonderful chatting with you at the #Allhat soirée. Hope to catch up again soon.
That's beautiful!
mean mugging the last person with their test
My new energizing perfume is very citrusy. I smell like an orange. And it's making me consistently hungry for one.
Read 's comic, Monkey in the Basement! It's so good! Not that I'm surprised.
1st G-Vo video off "Endangered Species" - Coming soon :-) Video should be fresh.
Chicago X room is grievously too small of the sessions it was assigned for #drupalchi,
Fk the 6th attacker in hockey
$85 Micro Special! Clear away sundammage and skin left rough from too much summer fun with a effective and non invasive microderm treatment!
Thank You Ayme. The place is beautiful, You will love it!
"You're my only weakness. I'm strong until I look into your eyes and see all the memories." </3
at Mesa College today 9am-3pm w/ special offer. Check out booth & learn about registration & all electric car sharing.
ha ha! Town home door hole! Oops
Thanks for the link! I need to send you a song or two of mine to be played!!:)
I agree!!
Got out of the car and chased him to the side of the road. He has a band on his leg. Looks like a pidgeon or a dove but not quite.
Dress rehearsal at HCC
going shopping + drive in later (: i'll post on here when I upload the vlog. also a new cover sometime before the weekends over
i'd put "nomadic" on my resume if it weren't counterproductive!
If it's a book, or you need something built, more complicated conversation. Happy to chat about strategy by phone if that'd help.
Hi! So are you ready to take on a brand new week?
RT : RT : Love can damage your health.
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
Fatigue is the best pillow.
sketchy movie.
Cause your so far, like a distant star that I'm wishing on tonight. :-)
anybody ever said u look like dre?
RT Myself -Why is it that when I'm on Cap Hill till wee hours of the am, everyone else is having way more fun? Oh, I'm here doing homework
same situation except Colt got more of an opportunity than Quinn.
Riding public transportation brings out the worst in humanity.
I am soo freaking amazed, i cannot believe this omg its so awesome
hahaha and you're my favorite den leader boo boo.
I think I could need this. I think I'm scared. I think, I think too much.
RE:6yr old being cuffed... agree w/you. If a child is a danger 2 self or others restraint is best. There is prob a backstory
- Plain Pringles dipped in salsa is really good too. Omg.
did Kobe play...NO so shut the hell up Skip, you are the definition of a 'tool set'
oh no problem!(:
I pierce by appointment. Vern and Kyle pierce normally.
Are you leaving for good?
thank you for tweeting her! Finally she can stop complaining that you don't tweet her!! :)
going for a walk. clear my head, stretch my legs, get some fresh air and exercise. hopefully the rain holds off for a little while
ORCID data will be released under CC0 lic so no restrict on what can be done with data, includ comm. use. Privacy implications.
Tired of Recruiting and Selling? Get Rewarded DAILY for Placing Ads just like this one! Get Pd Every 24 Hrs...
wanna do my room next?
nope see ya there
vaguely ethnic jewelry, hip glasses, world weary gaze, scruffy hair, laptop open to ppt draft
Yes, I attend monthly #foodallergy support meetings. I find them extremely resourceful.
But think of the exclusive photos you could get!
Simple clear advice in plain English
Le sigh, Twitter... le sigh.
hi, came back returned again.
Location scouting all day today for a new spot with
I think I'm finna suck it up & take a nap. I'm not gonna miss anything...gotta keep tellin myself tht
Best part about that restraining order is it banned you from my place of employment: FENWAY PARK. No more sox games for you!
Vital Cialis Health Tips Each Building Staff Ought To Know | Hospitality
Going to get my jump license for skydiving. I figure the cops can't give me a ticket up there right? lol
Finishing up the last cut for ULTIMATE VOWS tonight, screenings tomorrow!
": World's Most Powerful Celebrities - #3. Justin Bieber ldfhlisdhfgsp"
please check you DM! Thank you. Jose
Happy "Don't Believe Anything You Read On The Internet" Day! Ehm, it's not like everything you read on the Internet is always true anyway.
So, are you guys Swedish? American? Or...??
Wow Nike did a great job on the uniforms!
well yea you are lol wyd?
comeback inning!
I sometimes forget how to use phone feature I use so rarely! Have good night. Was nice chat!
It's going to be amazing!
Thanks to you, I know what to call my new Superpower: Decipherization.
It's to early to wanna fight ain't it?? Lol
Save money by switching electricity suppliers
:( so :P at least I'm taller than you lol
.000351% of Americans have given 96% of the money spent from Super PACs according to U.S. PIRG.
so proud of you. :-)
Too dangerous to let kids play--can't take the pledge.
awesome, looking fwd to it!
got his name wrong! do it agian
I thought you left specifically to do full time ruby devel?
you did great
sorry i can't be perfect.
Right & couldn't have made that announcement the night before? Just no show without official word
Recruiting Social Media Mgr for nonprofit in Jax, FL 5 yrs exp major brands. Know anyone? email me
Hello Seattle. I do say, your quite breath taking. I'm going to miss you when I leave. :)
Good time last night with everybody at the show and having stay the night. Onwards onto Easter festivities! :) Happy Easter!
Yeah tomanator. You won't see me at Travis anymore.
Congratulations on your new stores! Any plans for new San Diego-area stores?
Mn air national guard airmen return home to excited family members
M yes I eat mine with jalapeños
Anybody that would like to RT this I'd be grateful. Definitely would like more wrestling fans to talk with and or argue!
well I had a jersey but I finally broke down and got 2support him w all this dumb media & Tebow shit
Right, I think it's one of those case by case situations.
Because of my ass of a brother...I can't do my history project...damn...I'm screwed.
Gingrich, hudak, mihos. "Fiscal conservatives" on fire lately RT : Christy Mihos Says He’s Broke, Wife Files For Divorce
Are you participating in the Capital Challenge? That'd be awesome. :) Benefits the Wounded Warrior Project this year!
Rip Whitney Houston you are a amazing singer and a beautiful person God added another angel to his heavenly choir i pray for her family <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I really don't blv dt all d comments av read today from different ppl concerning dere various fathers is exactly correct.
Is there anyone there that can give some advice as to transportation from Seoul airport and/or accommodations near the Expo 2012 site?
I thought I would make it without getting jailed either no such luck *sucks* FU Twitter!
Plastic schoolhouses are not just for Barbie. A nonprofit in Guatemala is turning trash into schoolrooms. su.pr/9rkurc
Not every ugly cloud is a storm, Sometimes its just an ugly Cloud
did yours get moved too?
I could had the redbox franchise in all of AZ for $20k. Ugh! Boy did I miss that one! Crap
Why would any normal person in this country give a SHIT what the useless fucked up UN thinks..oh yeah, a worthless Obama supporter does.
im so sick right now..
NO SHE DONT DAMN IT
We'll see you next Friday. :-)
Contact our Chief Curator, Dave Shackelford at . Thanks!
Happy International Women's Day! The weekend is here. Time to celebrate!
Thanks for the kind words and for sharing my latest blog post. I appreciate the support!
James Harden dribbling up court totally looks like Michael J. Fox's Teen Wolf. Stature, swagger, beard. Totally. Watch him.
thanks for the shout out btw :) and yes, let's feature you, did you see the form?
Damn how have you been? Hope all is well. :)
That sounds pretty and yummy!
Haier's Brainwave TV is the coolest-LOOKING platform, no idea how it works :) Sony's 3d camcorder wins #best3d tech
Family bonding time apparently means drinking and watching Jaws.
hey dear! :) how are you?
of course!
went today my friend
Moved most of who I was following into one of my lists. Only those following me and a select few show up on my regular feed now.
I want those new galaxy socks
Ill be there as soon as I'm recovered
very serious he should have been in the hospital . Don't no how he was allowed on a plane
There's nothing wrong w/loving who you aree <3
Have greaat day (:
We're open for business! , newest independent bookstore opened yesterday!
be there in 20 hours or so.
completely agree. I feel if you even breathe too loud everyone will hear!
I love that song ^_^
Spam is bull shit!
Congrats to the Giants and Pats. Another great SuperBowl.
Cleveland Craft Coalition #c is excited to be having our spring show #craftastrophe at ATC on May 19th!
drinking another Anderson Valley Brewing Company Oatmeal Stout and being very glad i did (again)
an it can't be me cuz I don't wanna die so it has to be you Blake
- start a facebook group and build it up!
no fat sister
can't wait!
Every day is the day that turns somebody's life around forever. bgr8now
Want to hear our mini album before buying? Listen on Rhapsody, Napster, Myspace Music, IMVU! Search "Tex and Rook"
He blows my mind.
Canfield aims for James Rodgers, but too low and too outside. Ducks take over.
Have got a disaster that made me can‘t walk :/
RT : H2the mutha funk n Ooõ how u been <U+2614><U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><U+2601><U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> << lol I been good, chillin... I miss y'all man
Give it up for Nate Jones! RT Fuck you, Cody Ross! Barf.
unbreak my heart!!
Matty G is due for a dinger - burn the place down and blow it up like the arm of Mark Prior -
Don't park your faith.
@ the falls SA come by I'll buy u a drink
has he been smoking "Bud" Adams ... Contract for life ... That's jibbrish only from an old southern koot
I hate having The Voice and New Girl on at the same time. These are the moments I'm thankful for the DVR.
Stupid, spoiled, dumb freaks! This is what Washington, D.C., and Hollywood, even the idiot elitist press has done to our country!
April 13. 7pm. Brava theater. Gustavo Arellano presents his new book Taco USA. A benefit for
welcome baby
Join: Passion Parties by Treco on Face Book!
the least you can do is answer your phone when I call!!!! #NACDA2012 countdown
RT for a S\O
You is a nasty ass lil girl . You need to stay yo age .
There are some books that refuse to be written. They stand their ground year after year and will not be persuaded. It isn't beca
doin some yoga to stretch out my muscles. They're super tight :(
I can live with that. Sold!
if you think looking like that is gonna get you a guy. HA.
Uh oh #santafe VIP party.
Yay got a new job today
So excited to be there!
we get back to the car with 5 minutes left on the meeter, the "traffic cop" was really standing there waiting for it to expire.
Who let the straight guy dress the mannequins again???
KISS and Motley Crue touring together, hells yeah!!!! Not missing that tour for nothing. \m/ \m/
Have an older dog who has limited movement? Try a stroller for the walk @ Dogfencesandmore.com
Back to work I goes
“Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.”
"My Pussy Was Hanging Out" -Britney Spears /March 9th 2009
Love the new joint. Excited to come home and download new music to write to. (does the body talk to the beat while singing along.)
Suits & Casual Wear Primary: Navy, med gray, black & charcoal are power colors. Secondary: Med blue, olive, & khaki are for biz casual dress
No snow so recording
An essay an two power points dew by the end of tomorrow...
Wow holy fuck when did we past the hundo?!!? Thanks to all the people who read this crap. If we get too 200 we will do something specical!!
ok goodnight forrrrreeaal. goodnight <U+E418>
1956 - Re-elections to re-unify the country
Watch as wordy historians try to say clever things in less than 140 characters. Follow on twitter.
lol you laugh a lot.
Gawwd my grades are horrible. #dontreallycare ready for summer<U+2600>
Damn, let's go Celtics. #$OnTheLine
Thank you #1 Son!! Why am I still up?
Why do people slam doors --rude as hell
WTF RT : Cabbie cursed another driver in traffic. Said "F*** You. N-word" Only he used the real words. I was in the back seat. 2/3
"Color is everything, color is vibration like music..." Marc Chagall #quotes #art #fine art #artist #follow #color #music #Marc Chagall
I'm saying for the W, its 50/50. I go solely by the Vegas odds for that. He however does have the best k/9 out of those three though
It's a big 150 million year old garage with a lot of old homeless men.
Indy Fit Golfers & www.indyfitgolfers.com will be going live next week!
Hi Steve thanks for the follow from Tony Perez at www.thecoupondeal.com
I wish i could trade my heart in for another liver. That way i could drink more and care less
Archie Goodwin puts in a nice behind-the-back one-handed slam. Score: 68.
Doing some editing on advertising. Its a low key Sunday. Have meeting at 2 to figure out what designs to go with for Lunatik spring/summer.
Guess I'll try to sleep but for some reason I'm in the mood to Bachata!?!?!? Maybe that's because I found Rodney on here ;)
Harden your resolve; soften your heart.
Now my legs hurt like a bitch...-_-
Oh no! You should sue them!
yeah just thought you should know.
RT : I'm at in San Diego at TODAY from 10-5. Stop by to say hello and score some amazing pieces!
You're going to cough up a lung if you keep coughing!! Just kidding, lol. Get better you!
Coming Soon: Lots and lots of Ugly Christmas Sweaters.
Exhausted going to bed in a few minutes and watching a movie on my iPad
Don't you wish that on me Mendoza! You left on a good note!
": you still love me tho" hm maybe, maybe not
I hope no one won today.. then the jackpot will be projected to increase to almost 1 billion by Tuesday... billionare lottery
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
On the Table: $1 oysters will be offered . Each week we will feature different oysters from both east & west coasts.
Lott invokes David Kazanijian, The Colonizing Trick, to think about "civilized horror" of wage labor & slavery.
Winterize Your Cocktail Dress With a Colored Faux Fur Bolero TREND: Colored faux fur boleros WHO 'S WEARING IT: Olivia Palermo (Giorgio A
Have lots of #liesgirlstell tweets tonight... Upset about someon... something? :) Btw - added your wii # - still need to play! :)
'Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.' -The Doctor of all Seuss'
Biggest educational mistake I made was choosing a career path that is always cutting jobs and in the red. Hindsight, huh?
I felt that way earlier. Turns out it was only gas. Thank god.
#caseyanthony wow. I'm sure O.J. was about the only person who thought she would get off.
Sometimes I really enjoy listening to the crappy music I liked when I was 16. Old habits die hard.
why does have such a pathetic hatred towards LeBron? Please answer this unsolved mystery
Let's face it. Since Buddy and Chan are in charge, safe bet the guy comes from the SEC
wen u gone say it face 2 face u know wat I like..oilz
RT : <--closet tater.. get off me, im entitled to my own opinion and i dont want your two cents in it
put your phone up!
Gosh I know. !(: I would freak out.
thanks buddy!
This graduation boring as hell lol.
#FaveAvenger Hawkeye. He would win the Hunger Games.
I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
For now. What do you think we can do to improve the perceived value of #socialmedia? Better analytics, more tangible results?
Startling report on low-wage workers' exploitation: Voices from the Underground Economy. On BT's website: www.bettzedek.org
it's not that I've procrastinated. It's that I know i work best
We're at 's Enterprise Architecture Forum stop by the booth 505 to learn about BYOD and developer management for open APIs
Would you believe that George Washington¡¯s dentures were made from cow, hippopotamus and walrus teeth?
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. ~ The Lord's Prayer
NO SLEEPING!!
OST Perm is looking for a Disaster Recovery guru for a full time role in Charlotte, NC.
I BET YOU DID GREAT ANYHOW!
Peanut butter jelly time! Lol
I love Kacie's blue dress.
I gotta go pro once....lol
Nope.. Send it Click Submit music
": Some people will do anything to get a name or be the center of attention #GirlFacts"
I'm gonna have a heart attack!!
#fridayreads Is everyone hanging out without me?
same :( sucks
Las Vegas! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
The amount of energy a person puts into you, that person should be receiving the same energy!!
Which, of course, could've been Tebow... if #7 and #18 weren't so sensitive about having him around.
We've had "coffee" at a motel or two that could be considered such RT : Is there such a thing as caffeinated water?
BLUE: Weekly Photography Challenge
the fact that won any music-related achievements makes me so fucking sad i can relate to from first to last's shitty music again.
very true. I'm particularly interested in interior designs built around sound systems: "sound architectures" in a sense.
ugh tattooed top liner. Id never be ugly :*
just cruisin around town wif the boy :)
I absolutely adore Austin! Can't wait to get a chance to come back
Living together before marriage, does it still lead to a higher divorce rate? We'll have the discussion on the !
no he calls himself arrow & in the write up everyone says arrow its ok just a small pet peeve lol
Is anyone else ready to just be in the back of a pickup truck at Riverbend with a drink in their hand?
Had so much fun meeting fans, signing photos, doing interviews today, thank you ALL!!!
Goosebumps is still on tv?
roses are red, violets are blue. vodka costs less than a dinner for two. (i found this funny)
Last but not least, Peter Pihos speaking on police brutality & rise of independent black politics of 1970s
Gus johnson. Cold blooded!
#Iwillalwaysloveyou RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Decisions, decisions
you and Gene - mile high club?
How will I break the ice?
today was "order some new gear day" from would love to actually visit that place one day!
Now Watchng "The Thing"
getting ready to take my baby to the doctors to get her ears checked...have lots of thinking to do...
Fucking love suicide silence \m/
Tell every grad student & adjunct you know: Be icily pragmatic! The TT job is a fairy tale for most, like pay equity
Follow me cause I love the Janoskians! Fuck yeah! ;D
Today is Orphan Sunday: To care for orphaned children we must protect them from abuse, gender discrimination, & labor exploitation.
Happy Leap Day! Sign up today for friday's 1pm User Group ft. Touro College's myCampus portal. Email to register
One resource for elder care is Visiting Angels
And we love our friends over at as well! :) Happy Friday!
thanx for the tip, I'll try that.
Our Special of the Day: Fried Chicken with Macaroni & Cheese and Green Beans. Soup of the Day: Gumbo
This Sh*t Is Irritating My Dude Im Tryna Make This Work.. But You Dont Care
Come out, come out representatives!
Missed Humber's perfect game. Took a nap instead. Worth it.
I love Elvis!
An easy way to add a sparkle to your smile is to sprinkle some baking soda on your tooth paste.
MJ died at 58, Whitney at 48, JFK at 38, Amy Winehouse at 28...Justin Bieber is almost 18... I'm waiting for it.
no I love u
Miss you cousin! What's the over under on you having a Christmas baby?
Loving the #Brimfield tweets and photos - feel bad for the vendors - bad weather for the antiquities 2 years in a row!
What is new in Video Editing in your world? Software, technique, platform, etc.
Octomom Signs On For 'Self-Pleasure' Video
We lose Indiana and UNC games this season. They end up playing each other. Let's see if Indiana can handle that game.
If it's love & we decide that it's forever, No one else could do it better... we're two birds of a feather & the rest is just whatever... :)
On train from New York to Boston for first !!!
Wen did tom&jerry start bein friends
Having trouble with your landlord or tenant? We can help you resolve your tenancy dispute for an affordable price. Call today ~ 619.338.9500
my name is the name of the place where the Egyptians got their game from
. Just a big Thank You for the awesome updates to your mobile app, huge help! - have a quick ? re: one thing. DM?
Not really surprised by how this game is turning out. Kind of suspected it would be this way.
Awesome, I would love it! I'll DM my email to you. I'm working right now. Gonna check out #primal !
that is what pissed me off the most about mw2. is that it cost more and there were only 3 NEW maps Total BS on
Sixers have the advantage on the fast break points with 9-3.
welcome (again) to the Twitter-verse!!
Wow...CJ Watson has hit some big time shots tonight. That's impressive.
thinking about you.
I'm living in temple though don't seem bad
We've got another open spot at the lunch with Max if you donate before Valentine's Day! The lucky winner will be announced February 14th.
Greg Baldwin: Market dynamics, scalability, sustainability are at the core of innovation.
I FORGOT I HAD WORK TONIGHT THAT RUINS MY PLANS FOR TONIGTH DJALXV I SOUND SO REPETITIVE... TONIGHT
To destroy is always the first step in any creation. ~ e. e. cummings
I should really visit twitter more often than I do. But not this late at night. That's what happens when you work 2 jobs...
Returning to the weightroom today!
Couldn't make it to the press screening for 's Cowboys and Aliens, so I'm taking my mother-in-law this morning.
With my friends and brother well sorta haha
Yes, gorgeous day! And I've been loving the Texas sky as well.
(1/2) By blocking #Hormuz, #Iran could displace more oil than Hurricane Katrina, the Arab Oil Embargo, the Libyan revolution...
hope it went well!
Don't trust too much. Don't love too much. Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
hahahahaha you are real funny. NOT
Looking around at used cars (but new to Alex and I) today! I can't wait to ditch my car.
This is the same man who pinch-hit Francisco against a lefty and Diaz against a righty tonight.
Writing like it's my job! Oh wait, now it is :)
I will.
Young Adult is amazing. Phenomenal cast. Charlize Theron deserves an Oscar nomination.
If everything was so fastpaced in the Obama campaign how did the branding stay consistant? #mima A: Small core team created everything.
I just thought they looked like they needed a lemony-fresh scent...
One of the greatest songs ever made. RT Working on a Tracy Chapman "Fast Car" cover thanks to
just woke up! pringles!
Roughing it on vacation with laptops, radio, tv and cell phones. I really should just go walk the dog and write a song at the beach.:-)
How Beautiful!
I'm sorry while you're busy getting engaged, married, eventually fat and then prego, I'm busy getting skinny and having a worthwhile career.
thats what I like to hear
We Bout Go Lunch Tho !
thank you for the
Yup! “: So your reward for getting into the Brooklyn Half is having to race a half-marathon? Runners are cRaZy people”
what's it going to take for a drastic move to be made? Is it not clear that starting pitching is the sole reason they're losing?
New website coming soon! Stay tuned!
i love hearing 11:11 on the radio(:
Zeoli showing charts of acq of e-books increasing & print dec #erl12, sign. fewer print books bought by #consortia - ebooks not shareable
" Bout to listen to some Confessions and take a bubble bath" This dude stay tripping
She's in for a great surprise. <3
Back in boston. Southwest wins.
FREE Kevin Murphy Experience with every haircut this Tues Wed Thurs 4pm-8pm only!! 585-256-3490 Book ASAP only a few appts. left!!
when u realise a so called friend... isnt
thank you for following me. I had a chance to watch The Dead Poet's Society. What an uplifting movie. Great to have you following!
52-32 Estill County over Lee County in the 1st round of the 56th district
At Cream Stereo Lounge
leaders in basketball also pull guys together and get them settled down when things are going crazy. Restore order
Another great day in Atlanta! Check out some photos from our Spring semester on our Facebook page! www.facebook.com/juilliardjazz
Man! ... Last night was crazy!
If only I could get #China to get our Easter Fox. The Fox who stole my 7 year olds Easter Eggs. Then finally World justice would be served.
Say ah Say ah
watz up i will be in vegas next week
Motorcade included six or seven towncars, presidential limo, two ambulances, and 5 Secret Service SUV's.
We were designed to be led by our spirit, not driven by our environment.
Tune into every Wednesday for their awesome TV show! Meet them 12/30 at our donor dinner for VIPs!
I think that's because you mentioned breaking up with someone. I am following them now. Gotta love breakup melodrama.
1D Means Everything To Us :) knows this is true.
Back at the #DMCA anticricumvention demo day.
Randy Rhoads 30 years gone today. Moment of silence? NO!!! You should CRANK some Rhoads-era Ozzy today in memory. RIP Randy.
I wish, more like, my current line of work just isn't fulfilling to me. I feel like I'm wasting time.
RT : Having milk 4 breakfast? Do u know it can contain #GMO BGH & GMO corn & be ultrapasterized causing mutation in cells?
Met a couple while in So. France. He was from West Chester, PA. I said that was Samuel Barber's town. He said his aunt was his secretary
Yoooo this song got so many classic lines!!
I don't get it. The Knicks get rid of their coach and then beat the Blazers by 42 pts. Weird.
i wonder what people will think of nsync songs twenty years from now
thanks for some gorgeously spring pink nails! Please "Sparrow Me the Drama" (must try OPI color!)
Everyone just get off my fucking back.
run Ryan run now
But Jake wouldn't sell. Ali was clueless. Snowman was awful. Show drew 11,000 with reduced prices. Egg on faces.
Mom was not feeling so well these last few days. :( I made her a drink with to speed up her recovery! You're welcome mom!! :)
dont be predictable......i knew i was gonna say that
yay my princess tiana costume that my grandma made was a big hit at school and i loved it.
Stop procrastinating. Doing what you can today frees up time you may need tomorrow, next week or next month.
A heart - felt thanx.
When she's all you ever talk about
Me too. It is delicious. So there.
No upset at all. You deserved it! Congrats JMP!
theres a new #etrade commercial. its a winner as usual.
I'm still learning my way around and meeting new people but it's a great adventure. How are you?
I think we need a Yappy Hour !!!! Who's in?
Goin to slam some Patron with my best Girl .....
the sky is the same color as the lake this morning and it is not a brilliant blue.
OMFG VINNY JUST TWEET ABOUT THE BOYZ BEFORE I CRY AND OCEAN
Create opportunities for shoppers to use mobile devices to help spread the word and get other consumers involved
It's only 8:30, and this day is already fantastic! #IceCubeWouldBeJealousOfMyDay (really just my morning so far)
A purple martin must consume it's body weight in insects each day (that's 7,000 mosquitos DAILY)!
"Works of Artisans?" Really Cameron?
Claire, keep up the great work. Isabel Mercedes Selling Tucson
#Houston get ya crawfish n cold brew! Get em at n some gorgeous women serving it up!
So thrilled* with how tonight ended. Not.
I got know how to cook my husband love to eat.The,butter just set it off
thanks Whit, for the RT! xo
and what was that?
I'll go to ur site and contact u/ur manager. Pretty much, I'm the one that wants to bring u out here.
The docs say it was as a near death experiance, I say it was more then that! I have seen the place where we began, and how we began to be.
Oh! I thought it was in PGH! D! I wanted to go! Thanks!
yeah it's me. Coach Joe asked me to make a account and I started giving like in game updates. Haha
I'm Ready To Go! Crank This Motha Fucka Up lol Chea!!
going live with a new episode of Sportlandia in 5 minutes on www.trailblazers.tv!
6-4 so far on the day, Canucks playing now
“: This tryout is kicking my ass” true that.....
Rest in peace MCA... We will make sure Beasties get played tonight
RT : $0.50 from every South Bay Expressway trip today will be donated to Police Officers Assoc. fund for Officer Henwood's family.
NEVER AGAIN !
What's up with that? Your followers keep disappearing. :-P I keep tryin. It comes up that I'm following you then goes bye-bye.
TEACHER: If I had seven oranges in one hand and eight oranges in the other what would I have? CLASS COMEDIAN: Big hands!
Presenting #organizing session to group this morning
Anyone attending Splendour - Keep your eyes out for the Sabre photographer to get yourself featured on our twitter, Facebook & our blog.
Thank you for the kind mentions and RTs - much appreciated!
Baby boom for Chicago sports. Both and #DRose will become fathers this year. It's gonna be a busy fall.
cant say im not a lil Jealous! what your plans for NYE!? New Years in Miami has to be
Using the Skitch feature from Evernote (HP touchpad running the Droid OS) as an interactive and impromptu dry erase board!
“: #IfOnlyICould Tell you how I feel about you <3.” Ah. Yes... <U+E403>
Great #RedEye this AM- w/ & too fun/funny!Lv watching-but darn it's early or is it late?
Thanks for Following on this fine day!
ha! yeah, I've heard that.
I so agree with you on that
i never heard of that O.o lol brb
It's funny how things work out under different situations :)
Were good we started writing for our next ep this week. How are you??
That's great! RT : Library storytime today at ! Mary gets so excited.
People often are mistaken in2thinking its how many people & who u know that matter...in reality it's who knows you and why they do
but at least it was funny
rainy day monday..
Hello 2012! What will you bring...
My girls get wild & crazy but they keep it classy
Spam going around, sorry if you received a silly message from or other followers.
some people are so cocky. get over yourself.
Sad news Chris Ethridge, Bass player for the Flying Burrito Brothers & Willie Nelson died today. Bad week for rhythm players.
you're still the BEST!
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
She works hard for the money
sorry I didn't know you wanted to come with me.
I'm still on the look-out for any borrowers who have had their mortgages reduced. If you know anyone, please let me know.
No its cuz they knew Lebron was gonno brick his in the 4th quarter
Ask her!
. HS matters NOW? Your side went on and on and on for months about an Indonesian grade school
are u still using this shit?
buy my shirt and i'll follow you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
SO great to see you in person.TNX! RT : lovely chatting with you two ladies this afternoon! Sorry I had to...
Song of the Day: "Time Stand Still," by Rush.
we need a visit
combining two unfortunate physical failings.
upgrading my macbookpro from tiger to leopard is not going so well....there is a question mark on my harddrive....that can't be good....
Last estimate I heard was $50-$100 per car. Easy for domestics, harder for foreigns.
Plus, I'm driving a minivan right now
What better way to celebrate zombie Jesus day than sake and sushi? Right? Right.
Louis, with you 110% JV has been a choke job come playoff time. Can't compare football to baseball either.
I'm so bored listening to one direction n I'm still bored
Dang im so proud of my girl
what is socialism? who are socialists? what differentiates them from others? can you afford to be a socialist?
Im so proud of you. Im happy you won best male artist yesterday!! #swag (: cant wait till you come back to ohio!! #muchlove (:
give me my 800 followers
It's a new service, actually. It's called Oatify.
I'm ready for this weekend .. you guys gonna support me?????
I worked at a bookstore-- we put the sign up when we had no package pick-ups so UPS guy didn't have to come inside to ask us.
Most welcome. Keep up the good work inspiring the community.
we back at the studio
Why would anyone make fun of girls for starting their own group? You guys are just mean. You girls can cry on my shoulder.
at least black pits of death are more interesting than just boring poop colored non pits of death...haha
Your love continues forever #Jesus the
Not if Marcum has anything to say about it!
Lies lies lies yeah. Lies lies lies yeah.
Why does #MSG always look much darker than any other arenas on TV
Please DM us about Fashion's Night Out
already did fucker
I can't believe school already starts again on Monday! Where does time go?!
Realize that jobs come from investment in people & communities, not the magical tax-cut-job-fairy.
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacy Twitter list!
Got a mani pedi to honor the start of flip flop season. What do you do to treat yourself?
Hear you're marketing the 5,600 SF space at 129 West 27th Street, good luck.
Site worked for me.. Maybe you should point at the screen like Franky Fransisco... :P
lol hey i have close black female friends n i peep how crazy they can be along with my ex's
Hurt my ankle at dance
its sadd :( im gonna miss youu !
did u get her number
I'm sorry that's a concern. Please let me know if we can help with anything. My email address is
Rediscovered Jesmyn Ward. Urge everyone to read Salvage the Bones
Right back at you :(
Night twitter
Filling out 1-800-casting site in conjunction w/Talented Actors in America. Time tells many tales! Not much of a tweeter, guys! Sorry! xo
when did this happen!?!? I hope Justin's okay.
Seriously, why are you messaging me all of a sudden...? I can't believe i STILL like this girl. -_________________-
Super close to 800 followers!!! :D
Sounds like fun!!!
Happy Tuesday!
Shout out to the diehard Gma at the end of our row!! #GoBucksGo at the BC!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , & !!
why can't i read you better?
Q5)Augmented reality in the use of software to teach in the experience not leave, learn, and return to try and to put it to use
lol I do to that's the only part I do great lol
Penn Relays going on, which explains all the hordes of lean looking people in tracksuits who have taken over the town
is at Booth #707 stop by & get a $25 #Chiropractic kit for #FREE! They're going quick!! www.sombraUSA.com
There's a thin line between charisma and charlatanism.
Don't flake out on going to that speaker tonight, flake
Watching finding nemo in science!
HAHA! you do! This isnt a public house!
Come check out a great show on Friday at Warwick Highschool! Us and East Coast Avenue and other great bands will be playing! #Starts at 7
new technology....... lol. Lot's of work. long hours.
Omg someone tweeted me about my pimple.
And here I was excited you were checking out my marital status.
We know they're good questions ya idiot. Just stop squirming and answer them!
HEALTH: Put on the headphones but don't turn the volume too loud!
what about mine? Lmao
wats up with the massage
My stomach hurts :(
Is it just me or are the Koch brothers somehow behind every single thing that is wrong with this country right now?
And congrats to Signs intern for raising heaps of money at the this weekend!
he should've been. I feel like he turned 2 before them and he talked way before them
Take another drag, turn me to ashes.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'll also review any materials you may have provided (such as a website, resume/CV, etc)
follow your own phone
Just got a personal "thank you" note from the dean of our School of Business, complete with a smiley face stamp! Made my day ...
“: I thought I burned all those... ” haha. You silly
keep your hair color from fading, wear a hat in the sun!
big things comin
Them T-Burg thugs bout that lifee ! Niggahs need to watch they back out chyeaaa !
Some people just really struggle
hey there... Looking for a ride. We're at Freebirds on S. Congress just north of Riverside
love that song.
#HappyMothersDay to every single Mom in this world we could never thank you enough for your unconditional love!
Sometimes I wish we lived in a musical theatre world... Uh oh
Jst do dumb unnecessary shit all day
"Help someone who can't return the favor."
Sen. Scott Fitzgerald says using fake Democrats in recalls an option, nothing decided yet
“: Such a fun date night with the girls ” I know! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
thank u :)
It's not wrong to have a Skinny Girl Margarita post FIT, is it ?
Curent Sushi is now on Twitter! Follow us to keep up with the party every week.
I re-define Swag everytime I change my mind
Not sure if there's been one holiday in the 2011 season till now that I haven't been hungover for.
Perhaps even more amazing: Mark Reynolds has not struck out. Currently 2-for-2 with four walks...what?
yep I'm grinding. Playing today and then some range time. Need to find my tee ball. Ugh.
#whatif you joined a community you had an instinctive aversion to, and involved yourself deeply enough to learn something valuable from it?
Just got back from an amazing drvie through Waterman Cyn to Lake Arrowhead!
Dinner and drinks tonight around 8?
Thanks David! Glad you enjoyed it! RT : Wonderful presentation and video. Looked like a great turnout.
Nothing much, U?
3rd and 3. Brady passes to Welker and He Gains 13 yards and thats a First down.
Looking forward to the three hours of free time I'll have tonight by NOT watching the Oscars.
I wanna get some drinks tonight.
ITS A CHOW CHOW
Who the hell wakes up at 8 in the morning on a saturday and says, " let's go to goodwill".
Game 7 NY vs WAS who are you picking?
GET INSIDE THE REAL. Rihanna rehearsing with Hi Hat and her dancers for "Where Have You Been" music video. Part 1
oh girl, it's my pleasure! I'm also cruising for a coffee table, pref tiered. Ler me know if you find anything!
I celebrated last nite cuz I got sum fantastic news! Tequila Sunrise ;) I 4got how good those taste! Hadn't had 1 in 4ever. Life is good!
Girl with the bacon tattoo haha awesome
oh yes darling :) lmao I was at public and I thought about getting you a " Baby Shower " balloon !!! Hahaha =]
I understand Dauson -- no worries! I know you'll get your manuscript looking great and to me just as quick as possible!
oh yea, i forgot, if you need graphx for flyers hit me up on myspace or email . myspace.com/magikentpromotions
trying to figure out Sway. Got it all but the bridge: "there must be ways to find out". Any pointers?
When I am on Jeopardy, & another contestant guesses "DonkeyPunch", I will fall down in uncontrollable laughter & have to forfeit.
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm. - Publilius Syrus
I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o
I'm so in!
weird i dont like that
just saw one of our zombies. Alexis on channel 5 Beach Body
: this Serious Games conference is right up our alley. Sorry you can't be here. Follow along with
Stop wrong #
Get matching tattoos with Zayn (:
DWTS theory: producers knew all along that no one was close to the #packnation vote so they delayed DD getting straight 10s until this week.
okay and nothing much either just chillin ...
Trapeze Asset Management Inc., Randall Abramson and Herbert Abramson Settle with the Ontario Securities Commission
Oh nah, we are just friends....he really is good peoples....
Currently looking at the Downtwon LA Film Fest to submit Colfax to.
Got a new hair straightner! The other was dying slowly....just like my TV.
Record day in sales yesterday at the soap guy! Thank you guys for all your business over the years! We love you!
I hope so! The closest to me they're coming is NY and Maine so prob NY!!
sorry, not a spammer. check to see if they are setup to a Twitterfeed, that's the def of a spammer. I'm as real as it gets.
RT : is my new favorite place to get delicious and reasonably priced food, i love it! // thanks!!
Sent her the " :-P " cuz im NASTY!!
Gwyneth Paltrow looks stunning omg.
and more expensive
The awkward moment when you're on Tumblr and a picture of a naked girl comes out and you just like "o'':" and scroll down quick.
will you be my date to the book release on Saturday at ?
okay twin. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Hey sports fans we're having a superbowl preview on The Curtain Call this thursday. Check us out at 6 pm on www.slaminternetradio.com.
& this dumb nigga ask how did I carry a child for 9mnths.. WTF lol. I am so done w/ ppl seriously.
one of my favorite tours in Kentucky. Jim Rutledge is a fascinating man.
how did u find out
It's really none of your damn business now is it?
can't wait to c the episode.. Wish he hadn't been cancelled..:(
DONATE!!!!! And #cbj game is much better
Shit, I already know
and how would you know this? You never saw me haha lol but thank you for the lovely compliment! :D
Loving my new car so much! Big thanks to Kim & Josh @ Jay Wolfe Honda!
Are you ready for the world premiere?!?!?
Me and my bestfriend 's wish is that you follow us bckk <3 please make com true((: love you
hopefully I can, the only way I'd go is if I can get VIPS lol :-)
My least favorite food to eat after smoking a fat bowl is now packing peanuts.
RT It's less about courage and more about being okay with people not liking you - at #gradnation luncheon
decision decision.
Glue looks awesome but I'm not going. Skiing for a few days and then SXSW. Maybe try to sneak in a trip to Spring Training.
Yes! Please do. Account is already hilarious but it would be huge...
Coto has too hit the body and the arms don't worry about the head til later in the fight
- I've fallen in love with your words. They fill my soul with wisdom and light.
RT : LB Mason Foster worked at middle LB all camp and Coach said he had a good 3 days.
Find us on ustream live the potcast
Dude ur killing me. Belly laughing.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE!I hope all your new years and your new years resolution, is too fucking amazing<3party hard!n.n
great meeting you today
In Agile class hearing story about moving from Coldfusion to Java because kid-out-of-college CF developer did bad dev patterns. :-(
Last class of semester complete. Only grades left, then the real work paper writing begins.
"(when) actions cease to be private..culture w/ collapse. You can't run a poker-type game when the players..can read the cards clearly."
How is Monday going so far?
I'm from bmore. You?
lol, yeah I assumed it was so far out of my reach, I never even looked. :)
Don't know about plans for Occupy #SuperBowl this weekend, but he's doing a wonderful job for Occupy #Chick-fil-A Thanks!
Too bad my Mom is at work …
sorry for the late response...thanks thoo help us spread the wordd
The grammys is to boring, all those CMT singers lOl
yum. So very much agreement with you.
I remember when Jeremy Lin couldn't get on the court for the Warriors... so they cut him..hmm figures.
“: Musicians: get out and meet your audience. If u take the time to talk to just 1 fan, u've got a fan for life.” Good Word!
Nah. I handle my caffeine like a champ.
Thank you great artist" going to jam you all evening, thanks a bunch for everything ---you rock all of you reverb musicians !!! thank you !
Who goes around and deletes videos? Stupid.
these next few months are going to the best times of my life :)
welcome! twitter is so much better than facebook.
Just had the best burger ever
Internal Medicine Residents have started a blog! Visit osuim.com to see what they're up to!
Speaking of Mr. Cromer, he directed WHEN THE RAIN STOPS FALLING in New York. John Gawlik takes the reins for Circle Theatre. On the list!
I'm can't get out of bed in the morning whether I went to sleep early or not.
is awesome!!! Glad I go back tomorrow! Hope one of my homebrews places in the comp...
I didn't realize Rapinoe was also on Magic jack!
Q4 I use them with my hubby and he's even started trying more vegetables. Last week, it was artichoke!
where are you....and why arent I there
I hate Girls that say that hate boys with no job N Dnt have a Fuk'n job their self
Well here comes the snow Boston global warming over.
yeah, there's Definitely a couple I would definitely use man. Especially the ”I leave my body” joint. That's crazy!
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday - Dale Carnegie. Keep Smiling.
Congrats to WHS Animal Control Officers Ted Deppner & Shawn Covington, winners of Council of Governments' Wildlife Rescue of the Year Award!
CCM at Duck Island now to Johnny Mango! Pushing cars out of the snow along the way!
Thats what I love about Sunday cat nappin on a porch swing, you curled up next to me the smell of jasmine wakes us up
I wish people would communicate with me...
My eyes have that natural high look when i don't wear eyeliner
#sqlplus #macos #oracle You betcha, love the article, use the client everyday now, made my life easier, TY.
it tilts me that the ESPN in your name is not capitalized. Just had to point that out.
Make sure y'all follow
With the news that Cammalleri being traded during a game and pulled after 2nd, what's weirdest trade Tom's seen -Eric IGH
lol I saw your tweet argument awhile back...I wouldn't let it get to you that big, it's just youtube man.
There is a reason I changed my wallpaper this morning to a pic of Darius Miller.
Our microbrew sodas are the shizzle! RT : RT Birch Beer was the best I love Birch Beer!
Lehigh Wrestling and Basketball are having killer seasons!
you left #Buzzcation without buying your team a drink?!?
Shit. They do that all the time with us...for fun.
fun lunch w/ SLab and other pals today, but now I can't get the Monty Python "Philosopher's Song" out of my head.
Get started on your new image. Call us 877-879-1809
lol that weak ass cut
What it is playboy?!! Long time, bruh!
Yah I get to go back to school tomorrow
You're in Florida, of course it feels like summer!
Time is the measure of motion between two moments.
Either way, wish me luck. After all, it is my neighborhood.
I freaking love my wildcats.
ohh wow ! That's beautiful! Like you austin?;)
“: SWEEP. #lakings” Awesome!!!!
Are you going to the social media summit?!
If we not in a relationship I don't owe you a explanation for anything that I do.
As VO talent we need to keep motto "I just like to smile, smiling's my favorite"...it will go far on your next project.
The Bulls were missing one thing... Me there.
Sounds like you need to set your alarm for a bit earlier. You can do it!
Can't wait!
Learn something this weekend in the world of sports? Call NOW at 888-640-9385, or text him at 2247-640-640.
Giving the Steely Dan album Two Against Nature a listen for the first time. Lets see how it goes.
Good luck!
LOL I think he says that to all the girls :)
Hey! Have you read twilight?
- May it be a success for all ---
anyone who has an iPad be ready to download a ton of new games im working on! Also going to make one for free! In celebration of my birthday
Dinner for 60 done, easypeasy! New sous was a no show, so mama knocked it out alone...I can always count on me! Me feet hurt though.
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children.
Pueblo means the People, or Public, and We Need Your Support, to not be the first Nuclear Plant Build in the Western States in 30+ Years!
thanks for the follow
What a great day :P
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work.. Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
RT : Unsubscribing from one sketchy high school "friend" at a time.
Every few days I remember Google+ exists.
When we are scared and anxious we tend to eat because chewing helps; make a nourishing meal & chew a lot. Focus gently to quiet your mind .
My own personal day of atonement. Just reimbursed NY Public Library for book I borrowed & lost a few, err, years ago.
it does!! LOVE that game! I smell a game night...
#Yankees take the first game of the series against the #Rays by a score of 5-3.
Thank you lover! xo
buy some flowers. buy a card. & sing her a song.
really tired, but I can't sleep :/
Come visit CARS at our PARKing Day LA spot in front of the Wiltern Building on Friday from 10-3. We invited local artists to come perform!
Paul Jr & Rachel Teutul of American Chopper Jr vs Sr in the house with us this weekend! centralonline.tv for locations or watch online.
going on shortly! just rocked my face off... Minneapolis represent-
YES! I just walked by! It looks amazing. can't wait to try it!
New York, South Beach, Boston, LA, San Fran, Chicago - we all know that's ALL of America!!!!
exactly my thoughts too
I'm actually surprised at this, since SMU is generally pretty public about other crimes these days. Sad, but glad students care.
What monster put the coffee machine in the meeting room, then put a meeting that can't be interrupted in there? *withers*
"I Made It" is only of the most underrated ssongs
I like Kansas for the National Title.
I feel like there's somethin wrong with ya phone
Really feels like punching something today..
I was under the weather!
A daughter on her way to see her mother in the hospital is run over in act of road rage. reports live from Fairfax Co on News4
Good Luck Tomorrow Lady Vols are up next to take a shot at No. 1 Tide and try to knock them from the undefeated ranks
And now I'm going to stop this before it starts slopping all over Twitter! lol RT : You're being more than generous.
An everyblog named Opinions You've Already Heard About Things You Already Know.
Thanks to be my idol :')
I wanna see We Came As Romans and Miss May I play live!
Be as radical as reality.
Awesome! RT : Keep an eye on your home page, it will let you know when classmates and colleagues join LinkedIn
Awww it won't let me give you anymore :( But I still have Klout to give!
i rather actually coming towards where you are. trust me on this.
What is the leading/largest enterprise search solution in the market? And how did they get so big? Organic or through acquisition.
awesome yoga workshop huh? See you thursday my friend
Do you even understand how difficult it is to sneak your phone into the werk bathroom when you never have pockets?
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
The informal economy ha been excluded from capitalism-by 2020 will contain majority of workers.
TIP - When choosing and registering a domain name, avoid using any extra characters like apostrophes and hyphens.
Why is Adam Levine so hot?
Hello my love!!
heh. I heard chatter along those lines :)
Beliebers you for love you are everything to loqura never forget
24. #Padres 2 #Brewers 0 | A pitching duel / game winner by Mark Kotsay / clutch former Brewer.
Total Security Summit this upcoming Monday in Atlanta! Look for our live tweets throughout the day!
Not a fan of Lebron James' glasses.
Charles Burns Black Hole is probably one of my favorite mystery / noir books in a long time
What are the odds we see Yost do his best Hal McRae impression during his press confernce?
Darft and develop went out the window the second Peyton inked the contract
This Norfolk State / Missouri game is scary if you're a fan. No matter how good you may be, size matters in tourney.
Didn't think it was possible to know too much about Don Draper's sex life.
I know I saw your tweet :) & now I have a reason to call you that.
This weather right now>>>>>
#3WordsForYou I hate you.
Sigh. Wish you were here...
Today is a GOO:D Day! xx
Did you receive the email?
what is the matter with you guys..
Happy Mother's Day, Todd. (Some lines may never die.)
Never Judge A Book By Its Cover, You'll Get The Wrong Story.
After party clean up. Getting ready for new shoots.
Watchin Bruce Almighty
Happiness hangover after Flux Pavilion and Feed Me at Pump House, CPH last night
whateve im sure you do go with her u aint got to lie...
Welcome new followers Ben Mathai , Jay Justice , Ayden Rae Foundation
Thank you for being patient....for The Patient Patient.
I can't believe issue 3 passed, smh
was also really bad through out the game!
Uh oh... I may start to turn orange now!
Does your phone take video?
you're going to be in Baton Rouge at #LSU stadium?! Omg I have to see you!!
Former San Diego Museum of Art curator Malcolm Warner back in Southern California, takes over Laguna Art Museum
get the ball out of behanan's hands- 59% looks high for him right now
Cute photo on your Tumblr! :D
amen to that
PULSE Barre is coming up at 10:30..space is still available! See you at Romney!
good morning!
Harmony is the last thing I can handle today
Finding out your grandma got into a cad accident while your mile and miles away.... Excuse me while I cry over here.
RT if you love Larry Stylinson.
Reminder, GEAR Con meeting 7pm tonight at Kennedy School (in the restaurant).
walking the red carpet at
Game 4 in Boston #Celtics vs
"become a better writer" to improve communication.
Pens vs Flyers is melting my addled mind. Time for another Malibu and Pineapple.
Gingrich just requeste secret service. He received credible threats of glitter bomb.
Go rangers eh
In Feb '85, Foreigner top the charts in the US and UK with the single "I Want To Know What Love Is".
should i get 3's or 2s?
Add Me <3
Virginia Senate will be tied at 20 -20 but Lt Gov Bolling has deciding vote. Recount may not change Houck -Reeves final count 86 vote differ
dream come true,you are my dream... follow me
Missing Andrew
Not much time left to take advantage of 100% accelerated depreciation! Call (913) 915 - 6089 now, for great holiday savings!
Okay Guys Time For Sleep#GOOD NIGHT¤I love u aLL..Ciao!!!
lol ok bet!!
Sweet! See you there! RT : We will see you in Columbus! It's been a long time since TRB XII
I NEED MY INTERNET TUBES
Call her in the morning
I need to quit being such a girl about things.
Apparently I bother people with just my presence. Ok. Cool. As if my self-esteem wasn't low enough. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Braves are on tv today.
not you(:
It is an honor for me then. Thank you for sharing it <3 Hugs
forgive and forget but don't forget why you're here
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP;
If you're tuning in right now I'm interviewing for about her life as a performance artist.
I think they all cute but i have to say Niall or Zayn do u like jedward? :) :P
Ur mommas like a vacuum, she sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet..
Electric Avenue #NowPlaying on
The Poor people try to dress rich and the rich people dress poor
umm does it require me giving you me password If it does no thanks.
In San Francisco back in 2009 - you?
Shit happens. What can i say.
“: hence the hashtag! bottle of red at dinner was enuff. No hard stuff during lent.”
Who the hell is Lil' Boosie?
Congratulations to all the graduates this weekend! Best wishes from PRO-ED for the next step on your journeys!
thnxs..LOREN:D!!!i got a new number and text you but don't know if you got it?
Dream Job has just been added to the ROCK STEADY show-this Sat. at #JBs in #Kent OH w/ Northern Whale, Attic Dreams &more
They all in her ear 'Get an abortion' is what they said, maybe... But she still a mother, just the mother of a dead baby...
I have heard great things about that phone too, never used it though. #Android is growing to be one of my best friends :)
woah. for what?
Actually if they could give me the answer I could make mint and retire!
what do ppl do instead?
RT : DOES ANYONE HAVE A TUBA WE CAN BORROW FOR AN EVENT ON FRIDAY 4/20? If so, please e-mail .
Oh I wanna dance with somebody! I wanna feel the heat with some body!
Farm Bureau of Michigan Invests in Technology to Expedite and Enhance Customer Service; Achieves Improvements and ROI ...
Seriously waitin for Madonna to fall. Her age is really showing. It's like watching Betty White dance.
Someone shouting in the backround. Anyone hear it?
Actually out ballroom dancing at a bar. Really.
today I hit 82.8 in se portland - my parents in happy valley finally hit 80 degrees today! first time this year!
You know you have no life when you have 11,952 tweets!!! I bet you check .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I love your quotes Alex, they make me feel strong<3
#mgmsin thanking the direct to you people for every hand out of call girls.
How many different ways can you say something but mean the same thing in order to convey a message that a student isn't getting?
Tues Oct 5 at 730 - acclaimed author Victoria Pitts-Taylor to discuss "The Body Politics of the Cosmetic Surgery Junkie" in McGuinn 121!
driest ever and also 2nd warmest in CO. I'm predicting a snowy tornado season :)
I thought that said "weed" omg. >.<
we don't have the Tigers ticket numbers for 2012 yet, but last year their avg ticket was $29.32 so you can imagine it'd be a lot
I recommend 353. We added a LINQ provider for LDAP. Will be showing JICS DB and LDAP queries together
Happy to see Rep. Gabrielle Giffords return to work in DC. The show of support for her reminds us that our humanity is above our politics.
Hey All! We are working hard on some new songs for this Crocodile show coming up! We hope to see you there!
so just imagine me being crazier when we in a relationship lol smh
Thank you for promoting authors!
All politics aside, Clint is 81 and could take Karl Rove's dough-boy ass out with one punch
I second that
...would have seen his original tweet. No need to that out to all 58k followers. Just the ones that follow us both.
dude. we need to talk baby boy announcements/shower stuffs :) So many fun things to do with that.
Got bored and finally joined twitter! going for a run soon and then an FD orientation meeting!
.___. thought your Internet was down.
#FF my nigga he been my best friend since grade schoo got tatted before me got swag like me real af and dances so FOLLOWem
True. I am, as you know, laughing out loud.
I may also occasionally be so interested I just sit back and listen, it has to be worth my while though
Good Luck! RT": Last day of my university lifee.. Last day of my exam Wish me luck :)))))"
Right By My Side video was amazing!
no clue i have text and twitter on my phone
: Only HBO subscribers roam in
In USia anyone above a certain age can vote, regardless of education.USians = giant faithleapers, regardless of pretenses of rationality.
you too! hope you had a great weekend and a happy easter :)
Nice work! The best part is that you can now test it yourself :)
Take a look at www.lktown.com, you'll find some pleasant surprise !
Journaling on how you can create your ideal days of work and ideal days of play exactly as you want them allows providence to take over.
Want to get your #BOOST your followers?
haha you can bring me chocolate chip cookies from McDonald's!
Anybody know the book "50 shades of grey" ?
it's weird, because it's a website for escorts that says "no escorts!"
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
Would love to hear on the podcast. No girl plays the game with more heart & hope to see her on
It says I can't open the picture!
Today is the big day!! Wine makers dinner at La Cofradia with Pinord wineries tonight at 7
good thing we only made drunch reservations for 5
Any way you think Bryce Hibbard goes back to Eastern?
Everything makes sense when we're together.
Testing again
Everyone should check out the new Wild Side Smoke Shop in the village!
I Bet!!!! Great Show! You're the best! #FUTURE~EMMY~WINNER
for what ?
Transmedia storytelling: Archetypes are forms not formula. Use them & readers connect faster to the story because it's recognizable
the more you try and convince me you're popular, the more i think otherwise...
Life comes at you in one direction, choose it and let it be what it is.
This-> RT : I've never sent a photo that had me wearing more than underwear. He's probably saved every one.
yeah I liked that I feel it babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Yes! This is a wonderful idea.
I always watch my neighbor's pool cleaner eat lunch in his truck. He recently got a new truck.
rapture party on Saturday!! Sinners go down partying and the losers can float away to boring ol' heaven!! Wooohoooo!!!!
thank you that was very kind of you : )
Glad paper.li is back online after ~3 days of outage.
lol I watched a video of him talking about him being gay.lol :(
I want Pretty Little Liars to be on again</3
Charles Bronson died on this day in 2003. He was a sexy and scary man.
If your reading this choke on 1
speaking now at the UPO breakfast. Energetic speech on democracy denied. Introducing service awardee Dino Padula.
#ThingsWeSay2DaPolice "Yes, sir"
me too I feel really sick when I see blood! Ewww!
Oh, dear! Soon, the sun will come out. Sending you all the positive vibes, doll! :)
I qot Filthy Ways
Just saw this. Good find! I'm intrigued by these kind of discussions.
Hmm, so now I know why I don't come into the office until 9. Traffic at 8 is crazy!
Hey Amanda! Hope your new year is off to a kiss ass start! Miss you!!
aw that made me smile haha:) well thankyou:)
Hit me up for a great time on Fremont Street :)
TK: Working on next generation Y sequencing, technology not quite there yet. Still accepting WTY applications.
It would be cool if , , and performed at Just sayin'.
simple beauty with today. will you be there? let's meet up!
My hand itches....
If doesn't cut it for you, your coffee is on me :-D...you know where to find me!
Who's in for our $10 in deal bucks 10/10/10 contest? RT this message to enter. Winner announced Sunday!
I cannot wait till the NFL lockout ends.
Lets rally around our artist like we do our sports teams
Playing tonight a duet with Noam Weisenberg. 32 Jones street, Manhattan, NY. 7:30pm, 1 set
Why don't anteaters get sick? Because they're full of anty-bodies !
im in LOVE with that song! (:
I've been thinking a lot about the role of group work in MLIS coursework. Would y'all consider a guest post from me on it?
reminder - the current system is perfect in producing the results we currently enjoy or despair; might be impetus for change!
No. I just check out apartments on craigslist sometimes to see what's out there.
Saying something really stupid then thinking ; ''Well, that sounded alot better in my head...
On a lighter note though I'm still getting money from you every month and that's for an entire year. ;) life is so great.
Lmao looking ass. RT : u met me and u ain't go lol
In 2009, over 74% of WI students from 9th to 12th grade consumed alcohol. What are your thoughts about this?
Thank you! RT The wife + I just signed up as Intersection Superheroes for this week. See you there!
my favorite color is purple. one day one the bus my friend said my eyes looked purple I wish I could have seen them. smh
.he almost got ran over trying to cross the street from his office and almost got ran over by a bike in new york.
we dont celebrate
Move to Arizona? Hm..maybe!
lemme look into solid state drives otherwise I'll offer you say 70 bucks for your 320 gb?
I just joined the "Live Big, Die Empty" group on Facebook. Hope you'll join me, even if it is kinda funny, since I'm 4'10".
A moment to THANK our SPONSORS for #Fusion2012 ArtWorks! Gwinnett: Appreciate you supporting us!
#TheGoodDaysWhen uploaded a video every week on youtube
Want to do something interesting today? Read Nikolai Lobachevsky's "geometrical researches on the theory of parallels" 52pp
I think I want to start doing competitive shooting
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
Never look down on someone, unless you are helping them up(:
Scratch that. Halloween 1st then Silence of the Lambs
green chili is awesome!
He pressed a metal button and at oncethe propeller slowed down significantly
the one that's always telling us to go to lunch?
And water slides are not just for back yard parties
i lied im still here
seismic disturbance
NP - KEEP IT MOVIN ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
I think they are more than just high when making that show
its a hypothetical question. I'm just really sitting here trying to think what I would do.
- Tony. Want to offer you free ad space in our college mag (www.studybreaks.com) in return for guidance. Can we chat?
#Nuggets win!!! Take that Kobe!
Doing pregame for - Here's to a kick-ass 2012!
whats good ross? Whats with freddie gibbs dissing you and on this song he got out?
oh no! 15 watts shut down and we had to cancel.. thanks for lookin out though!
I still have drink tickets for ya. Swing by tomorrow!
MER is a national group that has similar goals to NYCMER, but we aren't affiliated.
GoodMorning! GET'CHO DRUNK ASS UP &
Watching my friend feel up clothing at the clothing store
Many thanks!!!
seems like a silly argument. the "no Eduardo!" counterfactual does not imply "no dominant social networking site"
I won't know til they ship the tix. If I got the 2 I ordered for u, then u r set.
I hate when people be on twitter stuntin like that bigger than what they really is..see em in real life and they be looking
Yummy! That sounds great! I made some stuffed pablanos recently.
What i say everyday: I actually love Austin Carter Mahone.
To quote : This racism is killing me inside!
Garrick with the low blow error. (I thought they were yellow too).
So i guess the snow is stick to the roads? Hopefully it gets worse and we go home in the middle of school :D haha i'd be one happy chick!
My dad turned up the volume of the radio super loud then he laughed at me and Mayra (x
"The man who sets about making others better is wasting his time, unless he begins with himself." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
Some people r so predictable u can set ur watch by them. Push the right buttons & just sit back & watch. Can b quite amusing. ;)
Meeting with Exilor tomorrow re: offering SOA Advanced training. Email me at if you are interested...
uh no he didn't.
Unfortuantely, Cothcery apparently forgot to wipe the baby oil off of his hands! Ugh. GO
Good morning everyone
Nobody takes this class serious
This is maybe the perfect working office. It was so cold in here last night that I just kept working. I still have mountains of work though.
why aren't you at my house?
I'm in New Jersery
What duty or explanation does the SEC owe to anyone other than it's members?
this joke to easy for me lol “: Can't wait to cut my hair nxt week. My shit been fucked for the longest”
Dear VH1 and your so-called greatest one-hit wonders of the '90s: No Verve Pipe? No Fastball? NO 4 NON BLONDES?
Former Nuggets coach and player, Bill Hanzlik is on the show right now. Check it out at AM1510
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He excels at birth certificate forgery.
happy bday to your moms bro!!!
can't wait to see you december 20 in orlando!!! // love you bro <3
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. Robert Kennedy
no, you just rock period
On my way to graduation!
Land of the free. Home of the brave. RT dude heck yes. 25 goals this season.
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
noo just Aaron (:
conf-by-twitter-avalanche isn't the best way to absorb, but still great learning. Tx re URL - little side proj I'm starting on
way to go!
I promise,as long as he follows me..:(
if that statement came with some kind of 'sorry,' I'd probably leave it, but still decline to babysit again.
“: You scare me ...” you scare me
Hi twitter. I forgot you were a thing.
Its a good day to make a change
Decided to engage themselves and do exercises on utram.Postelila blanket on the floor, lay down ... and went to sleep!
Adele should open the Grammys with Whitney's "I Have Nothing" - incredible song, incredible tribute, incredible woman
Not only have I completely sabotaged my Twitter count, I find out I have a learning disability.
Great night
Just tapped HOP Session CDA IPA.
Omg! damn.
Looking into Paul Vallas' eyes as we stand hand in hand on his doorstep...
I am forever immortalized in Angie's instagram.
Fielder signs with Detroit for 9 yrs $214 mil. Orioles claim they can't compete with teams who play in cities with vibrant economies
all #bands and #musicians follow me
Not looking forward to working tonight! Mondays suck!
thank you for attending!
Thanks for the support! See you Saturday!
I just made a status that said fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me. No more second chances sweetheart I'm done(;
Enjoying the keynote panel DAM conference
We loved your company. Thanks for joining us.
Today, I'm not going to be so nice.
I need your number i got a new phone -.-
Bored A/F
This is so cool! Having so much fun with Ashleigh Ashton at the tv studio!
Okay did you tell him to follow back if I followed him????
where's the moderator?
thx for the feedback! re: "#nycswmg #fitbot great idea! Seems more easy to follow and use than fitocracy"
looking forward to seeing your presentation!!
Agreed, I was surprised with this article. I get all my news from Twitter too!
the best time to ambush a guard dog is to kick him in the face while he's taking a dump... Think about it..
hey, go follow , that's the label
Thanks 4 promoting simplicity. Finally an #EWBC panelist who speaks my language. :-)
hope everybody voted today
Come by the branch today or tomorrow with your debit card to receive your FREE Georgetown Day 2012 sunglasses!
?!?! Play by play plz
No work this weekend just a soccer tournament
I like arguing even I kno ur right I just want to see how good you argue
is serving up special offers from 330-730pm at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine tonight!
We just all made origami yodas together @ tba award luncheon. Great fun!
In math class with my sis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
there are a lot of "people" fallowing us who I think are robot ladies of the night.....
not at all, my bad about yesterday. My youngest came over this weekend, it's her bday weekend. I owe u!
HAHA i sleep with 3 fans and my ceiling fan
U ACTUALLY LOSE AN HOUR.....
RT : There are now more media channels than there ever have been & less time to pay attention to them -
thumbs up if ur watching BET
great year!!
Spiritual maturity includes continuing to depend on God in the good times, not just running to him when challenges come.
nope, not a TeeRex trademark, but nice catch. Where did you spot that?
RT : When I saw Super Moon was trending, I got worried. I thought it meant a new Twilight book was coming out.
most people think I'm lying about being a virgin because I prefer jumbo tampons, but I can't help.....
are you new to Google, too? See. That's how I roll! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
NO she isn't her eyes don't show any humanity
What Rap song should we cove? If you have any suggestions let us know \m/
because the singer is talented. none of this mediocre crap that's out there.
So it's Friday the 13th I think I'm staying home tonight
Work doesnt stop. Rehearsal doesn't stop. Class doesn't stop and auditions keep comin.
Bout to do a workout. Lets goo!
A journey is best measured in friends, rather than miles. ~Tim Cahill
Domestic violence always happening late at night smh
Youre playing with my heart and its getting really lame. Decide what you want; The girl or the game?
but you is tweeting right now!!!
going to the game? Follow my former classmate for insider scoop.
we would be really happy to see you there! We also have a #NARIP London twitter by the way
what I chose to do is my business n one beer Wong kill me brother the diff now is I can stop drinking after one drink
that's not bad it's just kind of crazy
Whoa! Now Ishikawa flashing the leather diving over the first base railing! Who are these guys?!
More Than This video :D can't wait!
Thanks for the RT!! Please follow us at as well!
Finally made it to the post office! Packages sent.
“: Actor Mark Wahlberg has a third nipple!” you're not alone!!
“The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.”~B. C. Forbes
WHERE YOU BEEN LOCO?
Game 3 of the Playoffs is tonight! 100 Bones will be rocking it out at halftime....Game starts at 8:30... THUNDER UP!
Just got a random book recommendation from a stranger on the bus. That was a nice start to the day.
Feeling recommitted to all our efforts! Nothing is too difficult, especially working together. A koudmen for
the Senator?
Thanks, boss. Really appreciate it, man.
Off work...out to eat.
Waiting for to tweet.
13 min till boyfriend can't wait
Chicken ala Kate? Done. Next: roll out the dough to make linguini! I love cooking!
30 minutes before opening pitch between Century and Mayo, and the scouts are lined up behind home plate at Mayo Field
why don't you follow me ?
best damn Hott sauce in Portland!
that's uber fancy....
follow back? Xo
Oh, isn't that lovely! :-(
The whole Colbert SuperPac is actually doing a great job of educating many people on the convoluted nature of campaign finance.
What's up big guy? Hope all is well. Go Yankees from your fan in the BX !
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?8
are you around strippers .. If so whats their name ive probably seem them dance before
Butterflies...flowers that fly and all but sing.~ Robert Frost
Can't wait to hear Chris Penn speak at since EVERY speaker has mentioned him in their presentatns!
still pissed! united did show what we are. let down.
Treat me like a joke &I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol I love it
Its All Love My G, We Forever With It..100
#HappyMothersDay to the mist wonderful mother in the world! I love you mom <333
On to the next one *drama is over* tired of the lies and games *sorry bro this bitch smartened up*
Congrats to all my colleagues & peers on their much deserved awards
k i changed the pic- amanda
ill give it a whirl!
Thanks for the #FF!
RT : Today is the day we show the world how big hearted our community is by giving to the diligent nonprofits of central...
We're here to keep you updated about volunteering in the community of Bloomington!! Please help spread the word!! RT
Nathan ryan is on stickam :)
The Juicery will be joining fresh52 tomorrow. Give them a warm welcome and get your juice on! I know I will be!
Uh you owed me that for not textin back last time. So hop on it
Sam loves meth...
Paradise Fears emailed me....gjshsjfjksbsrhqkdhwjwbjj:D
A lot of overlap between definitions and standards of info literacy
I needa hit the booth asap! i got alot to say on this new album
It seems like a fairly nice day out. Any suggestions for what to do before the storms and showers arrive tonight?
name your time and place! Been too long.
sick set, wow!!!
Blazers beat LA Lakers! : - ) Gets chippy, but Blazers get the win. All 5 starters in double figures, Gerald with 19/13/7. Dre w/ 13 dimes
I wonder how many people will forever be caught in awkward situations on google maps street view
Starting off the evening at Millennium Stage for courtesy of
I'm soo tired but I'm still going out tonite and I'm gonna have a lovely time **positive thoughts and smiles :)
whatever do you mean???
Suggestions for kidney stones?
check out the new video for "Stay Real" @ www.myspace.com/quetonemusic
so true! Don't let it pass you by :)
Health Info Sources & Found. of Info Professions :) And u?
Amanda Ahlstrand, US Dept of Labor: local officials may think of WIA Youth funding as complement to school system, esp. for dropouts
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way. ~ Carl Sandburg
Fake #B emails again claiming a complaint has been filed against you! Don't click the link!
I'm feeling _______ this morning. Do tell ;)
Perceptive piece.
Thanks everyone that came out #Renfields. We had a great time! Can't wait to come back and bring the thunder
Ding, ding, ding!
Oh. My last name's not Hart. ;-)
birthday weekend!! Is there going to singing??
I know I know I don't know you, but I want you so bad
My green flares came in the mail from Old Navy today...I hope they will look cute when I get around to trying them on....
I need it to warm up so I can go on long, adventurous motorcycle rides.
I just wanna SWIM
any drinking involved?
thanks! We have been heavy into Bootstrap. It's a great framework for responsive.
Thanks for the retweet!
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 14 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
like Harold Miller the elected President of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person
Instagram was competitor to FB. Don't see how that would change the view of a sports teams social media approach.
BUY an ocean view stateroom and get a Balcony from Carnival!!
A HIWI book?
i been up all night
DFW-Houston is only $60 one way in June on American Airlines (weekends only).
taking polls on the under/over of punctuality
Haha...yes, she had a great time working with the Ready Set guys. Have you met them? She said they're all really nice :)
Who's ready To buy our EP on iTunes next week!!?
The Chalumeau goals were simple. To provide an instrument which sounds good, is easy to play, is affordable and kid proof!...
would rather that go to paying for infrastructure. Still, a good day's work by your boss/his team
": my body is sore. Idk why i dont b doin shit." Take a hot bath cuz
Touchdown at LAX!
i want summer. now.
Thank You Father God For Another Blessed Day In Jesus Name Amen
Good morning!! We're excited: 100 pallets of pavers are coming in today! Come see them or call to start planning your new driveway or patio!
Chocolate Mustache Pops, Gamification for Good, Secret NYC Gardens and More
My Grandma just said, "Everybody's smart, but Grandma's smarter." #OldSchoolSh*tTalk
Free preview of little women tonight at the downtown library 6PM www.yatkids.org. 614-5057
Still sitting in the bar parking lot debating on going in.....
Why pay for extras in a music video when we are willing to do it for free?
Are arm warmers a good gift? Need some advice please.
SOMEONE STOLE MY ACCOUNT FUUUUCKKKK
Honesty is the best policy, so I appreciate yours...but I'm not going tonight! Big run tom am
R.I.P Snoopy :/
it's may...one of the busiest times in pitching...
Enjoying my first day at THE STANDING DESK!
You're my problem cockblocked :D
I'm from Pluto and I always represent.
Comin home from walmart
Haha, i'm sorry but this is VERY TRUE :)
Already chased Abby outside for an hour... She needs a freaking leash.
the song u woke up2 day /Meek Mill - I'm A Boss
maybe after a couple more years in big league camp!
is such a lovely person. Working on set with him, and he's as nice as nice can be.
I couldn't agree more!
Just heard Young Forever on the radio
hahah I love it!!
those sound delicious, is it coconut milk (like ice cream) or like a mounds bar?
#God gives you BIG #Dreams because your #Purpose is bigger than you. www.dmwilliams.org
Halverson: Learning v Learners. Schools adapt technology to guarantee learning. Out of school tech focuses on learners.
I sit bck and think wht would life b like if I never moved to Tx
Lol how did you do in districts??
{{{{SIS}}}} I am crying she is so beautiful! Congratulations!!!!
somewhat disappointed that the playalong didn't work tonight
The #Sixers Sixth Man (grey hair guy) is in his usual seat courtside
Our lives are defined by moments... Especially the ones.....we never see coming......Alter Ago
SAME O;
There is no proof of tommorow yet we plan ahead what do we know.
I don't know. I did drop some for the man and the dog though. I love dogs. I want one when I move out.
As happy as I am about the #Rockies big game tonight, I REALLY wish they would have saved a portion of these runs for Jamie Moyer tomorrow.
Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams.—Robert K. Greenleaf
K that school is gorgeous, going to the high school of fasion industries <3!
I love this tweet stream of intense longing to be relevant and engaging our true call.
true. They're a totally different band - its hard to even compare
With babies...we loose too many hours...and days...and years...They suck the life out of us! But we still love them!
I start off all sarcastic remarks with "oh really"
"Love burns and confuses me. Love's a light that can't be extinguished."~Scott Weiland (Just finished his memoir, fast yet powerful read.)
Parents ugh... they get under ur skin please god help me this one time please make them shut up while we watch this movie.
I'm addicted
So proud of & the rest of the Covenant Varsity Boys Basketball team for a great game & fantastic season!
I'm talking bout 40 year virgin
you don't know anything about me so go ahead and say bullshit like that.
please help me win a Johnjay & Rich contest! I need a celebrity to call 877-937-1047 5am-10amMST Mon-Fri. Please Help Me Win!
Limitations are but boundaries created inside our minds.
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls v. Heat game on March 14th @ the UC?
I miss the years when my biggest problem was acne. What do u miss?
yes. Tell her that most Librarians say they read less as Librarians and read more before they became one. That's my situation.
it's a shame people smoke.
A note for everybody:
Chloe Handbags,Gucci Bag,Coach,Louis Vuitton,Fendi: louis vuitton ...
At ATL and soldiers just got standing ovation in terminal.
didnt count. he only ran to first base.....
In Sf again... I think I will hold court all day at in castro this friday. Lemme know if you wanna hang out!
ah...i have 4 wasp nests on each corner of my balcony!!..scared to go out to my balcony!..lmaol...i needa buy me that spray!
I'm putting everything in my life completely in Gods hands! #everythingisgoingtobeokay <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Enjoy!! And follow the #DaBusHNL hashtag to tweet with other geeks who take the bus!! Makes the ride more fun!
The #Undoing racism workshop was a great experience for us at !
Using moms credit card all day..
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others. -David Seabury
": Consciousness can never be lost, only forgotten. Do not fear fear, for it is the fear of fear that empowers it.
Wonderful! Please keep us in the loop.
Listening to #TimWakefield on #WFAN right now promoting the new movie
I need to paint my nails <U+E31D>
PLEASE go back on tour!!! It has been far too long!
Just burned my #sxsw badge. Fuck these 1% won't to be's. Coffee shops and local none badge hangouts for real Value next year
I'm engaged to wonderful man who's a brilliant software engineer! Glad I found someone smarter than me to spend my life with.
thanks. Have fun. Send me a pic of your dresses. :)
"Leave, leave - And free yourself at the same time." ::glen hansard::leave::
If you haven't had brunch plans yet with for Mother's Day, make them now! We also have some bouquets available for just $18.
On second thought, I see how simultaneously using the same variable names & table schemas in ObjC/Xcode & PHP/Coda might get confusing.
I have always approved of Margot-with-a-T!
Be who you really are, do not change for anyone, and always, always dream big enough to achieve
hardly tweting today
An app to tell you how "ugly" you are... Apparently it's popular. Details in our web moment!
have court call me now plz
is it creepy or weird if I say ? :p lol jk. Umm.. Probably my best friend(s) like My parents are
Beautiful pic! Happy Mother's Day!
We are headed to Tulsa, OK where we play tonight!
How much of that is thanks to No Child Left Behind?
Some fat girl just said so fuck me maybe I almost threw up
I get so happy when you talk to me.
Happy Monday! Hope your week is as exciting as mine promises to be.
Still going. My current distance is 1.84 miles. Current song is Wherever I May Roam - Metallica
That awkward moment when todays neon day at your school and your wearing black and gray.
everyone follow >> << he follows back!(:
Can't wait till dis day Is over
": #AstrologyFacts #Capricorns don't credit others for their success, but neither do they blame anyone for their failures."
Lepore calls it: more speech is more visible thus in#civility IS democracy
Hey Sclerreth hit the national radio circuit It's really old hat listening to a constant Broncos naysayer on local sports radio
I 'Let Go' & little coincidences (supporting the initial wants/desires) wer showing up in my space Organically 2day. BE Conscience & Let GO!
Jordan Farmar broke the Twitter.
check out my Detroit based street drama free preview on my blog x
-It`s good to be back again! :P
Maybe thinks students should just have their daddies pay their loans
Regarding timeline: "Facebook doesn't have to be a fucking history class"
u have time for ribs!?
RT : RT : You never have a chance for your luck to operate if you don't take risks ~ Unknown
of course. haha. we always try. how are you? -zach.
What up Gemini, yeah I know how u do :)
So many wonderful things on the horizon I'm about to burst!
So to be a leader I should work on taking a second look at my ideas, not immediately saying "How dumb are you, you worthless piece of shit?"
Taylor...Stop Shooting!!! You are not good!!
M just found out theres a cable that takes a 1/8mm jack and converts it to XLR male, I wonder how shitty that might sound.
I'll give up my apartment before I give up my gym membership. I feel friggin' bulletproof.
About to board my flight; Oregon tonight. Btw, how epic is it that we can fly? And 500 mph like its NBD??
half day tomorrow, then thursday, then no school for four days
4 more days til my bday... i told mommy i wanted a remote control car lol but i was serious....
A program like #girls gets sexual harassment totally wrong?
i dreamed my personal trainer was a hot dog
my house is so hot, it's gross.
Hi, Molly. Thanks for the follow. Love your tweets!
Don't try to get me jealous, it's not happening. Talk to whoever you want (:
praying gets better quickly!!
Sometimes he isn't able to get it all out before people are gone or have already said "bye". Yes, we've made a study of this.
Its a great tool.
- great to hear on the GM numbers; phones are down some, digital inbound is moving right along though.
Thanks for the share, Jeff! (and in advance for being a great host) ~BC
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
Life is very similar 2 the street when u apply urself if u wanna find that yellow brick road pave with gold you just gotta take control
My point is that the object in the database should control behavior. I usually do this by tagging it with its controller name
Okay, what time all you places I got to go to open?
I'll be there!
You're the one with the attitude just remember that.
thanx, its just been rough, trying to get my nephew permanantly, and its slow...
Well Im bout to go to BALLYS & get this serious workout in
I always have such a hard time making decisions
It really does. Come out with me and you'll feel like a kid!
bet you can't do that at 5 Point #hugeportions “: I win all-you-can-eat biscuits and gravy. Five plates; take that, Highline!”
Yay! Thanks Derek...I'm Following you back! :) :)
class or no class?
Life happens and yeah it sucks sometimes, but it's when you keep going and get back up you find who you truly are and what you're made of...
Looks like the and the Kings are playing for 7th. Your boys are goin down
Baking cookies because thats what you do when it rains.
Sure if you want :] I dont mind
In the studio!
Crack a joke or 2 or sit-back and enjoy DC comics share their new material | TONIGHT | 8PM |
#GoTribe I count 8 games all day games and most during the work week that aren't televised. The Dolans are the height of che...
“: It's that time again, fill in the blank: an #Eagles win today would be ____________________?” Surprising.
Let's see how well this weekend studying will go for me
so excited! Thank you 4 coming to Sacramento last week! Our listeners loved it & NOW they can buy your new EP!
Iv been good all my life so I'm gonna be Mr. Bad Boy today!!
waiting for 4G
Successfully ICED steven. Pretty happy.
Tomorrow check out at Julia Morgan Ballroom
It seems so easy for my students to get official excuses for missing class. Is everyone really going to the hospital or to court every week?
She Just Want Me Cause Im Next, She Jus Want Me Cause Im Next
Job for a Cowboy is so fucking brutal!!!!!!!
#womensmural work now expanding across FL Ave to include Thank you !! #BloomingdaleDC and beyond
Welcome to life with technology sucka
how's it going sir?
have fun and be safe xoxo MICHELLE
New day, new opportunities! Make it a great day! U can do that u know..MAKE your day great. To hell with "having" a great 1..make it happen!
When selecting Holocaust texts for classroom use, what should be the fiction to non-fiction ratio?
#ImWeakFor beautiful colored eyes.
Today in history - 2008 I was in canterbury visiting lee, with a massive Absis.
thank you so much for live tweeting this! I'm on vacation and wanted to know what the press conference was about.
We've made it to Friday ! #TGIF #libraries /wk How will u spend ur weekend?
About to kick off an event that is going to recreate how our veterans access their much earned benefits! Interagency Council on Veterans!
aw! :( Hang out of Christmas break? Yes? Yes!
Ladies, if you can use your weave as your dog leash and successfully walk down the street, it's to long!!!! T you rude
I would quit but I ain't never learned how
when people believe everything they hear<<
just arrived. Only here like 20 hours. You free for early breakfast tomorrow?
My cat and I are rapping Nobody Cares by ! She's got #skills and #attitude!!...lol :P
Sheena, endless, ceaseless, immutable, and imperishable
Don't forget about Obama's fav. hangout in Buffalo, Duffs. Winner of the Food Wars. The Sheridan Dr.loc. is the best!Get med.lite,FFw/gravy!
it's a pity they lack milkshakes.
Watching 2012 on in less than an hour. Prob not the most appropriate movie for #earthday. Then again maybe it's just perfect.
I know fear is an obstacle for some people, but it is an illusion to me . . . Failure always made me try harder next time.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do you know where skrillex is playing? -no, do you want any ketamine? - no. - ok good luck finding skrillex! - good luck selling k!
...what do you mean??
Thanks and for last night. It was fun AND delicious. What a perfect pair!
Make it go away! RT : Not surprising that now has its own account.
Watch ya back... Cuz when you think you fooling them.... They fooling you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
The first day I've had coffee in many months and I've gotten so much done. This is how methheads feel after cleaning their apartment, right?
Have a nice weekend!
the boys r doing amazing. so proud of them.
hell yes!!! #TeamDomino will be representing in Davis Arena...
Quote from book:" resentment is anger looking for payback... Hatred is clinical strength anger."
r u a lion?
come over! This place is amazing
Your integrations are awesome! How did you do this so quickly? Can I create a calendar of my tracked accounts?
OMGYOUGUYS ... this dude playing The Phantom ... I'm a silly squealing teenager again! GAAAH! *faint, sigh*
It's not a lot of cute girl in Detroit no more where they go
MN House passes bill moving fishing opener this year from May 12 to May 5 due to warm weather. Senate yet to act. KSTP-TV at 10.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
god morning :)
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Question?How do I link Twitter to Facebook? Or is it the other way around?
Up early for #SEME2012 - see you there!
Yup. I've completed my 40 days w/o liquor already. Sort of a late Lent. I think I'll keep it going since I'm working out.
all those things that weren't supposed to happen, they happened! not happy? if nothing else just be happy your eyes where able to read this!
TLC's Say Yes to the Dress is coming to CA! Email name, age, location, and wedding date to .
Thanks for the #FF! Nice profile pic!!!
Leadership is about creating certainty around you even when there's doubt inside of you.
that's why YOU'RE not in the major leagues
THEY CALL ME NIGGAQUESHA! BOW BITCH BOW *waits for Caps Cock*
I have the most fucked up sleeping schedule ever go to bed at 4am wake up at 2pm lovely
Watching "Shooter" and Mark Wahlberg's character's last name is Swagger. Not sure I can take this seriously.
Welcome in the Summer with a stop to our shop! Just a short drive down Federal! Tell your Friends! :)
Just want to wish your mom A Happy Mothers Day she raised a good son
And Obama admits to eating dogs. "Pitbulls are delicious"
Sweet! This Vons has a lottery ticket vending machine!
I have the need to do something drastic, take a huge risk, upset convention, do something unexpected! I am in a RUT!
Listening to Wayne Shorter's "Speak No Evil" on his 78th b'day. It just doesn't get any better than this. Happy Birthday Mr. Shorter.
Crunch Time: Sen. Coburn speaks a very frank truth about the economy - Ridgecrest Daily Independent
you need your seed to pwn
Well, you're right, I've just been really disappointed with coffee in SF, ecexpt Sightglass
Katie did you get my texts?
thinking of a great youtube idea that will make look like
OMG, just found two ticks the size of large peas on our dog!! They must have been in the woodchips we put in the yard a few months ago.
A3 - designate one point person for each partner to keep communication tight
we're right across the street from TCU!
ha! You know what I am going to say, I have amnesia on the little block of my life. By choice. ;)
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong make it rain an bring it back. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> late night twerking sessions. So much fun!
gimme a
how did the stills turn out?
Bits Blog: Facebook Buys Instagram for $1 Billion in Its Biggest Deal The social network said it agreed to pay about $1 billion in cash a
lol it sure made mines and my sister we legit stopped watching tv to watch them, but it was over something so little
Him nd his ways to make me smile..
Newt is blushing that Ron Paul gave him a back handed compliment.
yeah lol my phone is like fast again. Plus I like the iMessage. Did u have problems installing it?
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ...........
I'm a rare breed, I go to #Brewers games cause I wanna watch baseball and that's it.
Oy! Did you walk home last night?!
Watching my sister dance is always fun, I know she's going to make it big in life and good luck to her <3 u lil sis
i love you <3
I am so disproportional I need a bigger chest to make my beer belly look small
I HATE BOYS.
ha ha. Nice. Do your house mates go to bed early?
hahah this is victoria, correct?
Got bitches doing my homework;)
Big booty judy
We're only 250 visitors away from our 100,000th visitor!!!! Our milestone visitor will win a $100 membership and our Cottage Photo Biography
Blessings beauty. Congrats on your little one.
I love not knowing for sure what will happen until I am writing it!
Wendy wants Dunkin...FYI
Happy Energy Awareness Month! Where does your energy come from? Find out at The Bakken. Special energy activities from 10am to 4pm today!
BOY do you look uptight.
Waking up to an empty house <<< :(
Headed to AAU tryouts with Bird, C Rock and T money...Everyone have a great night. Congrats to my home teams for for
i wanna meet justin bieber!!!!
I am super sad that I won't be here this weekend to take Vis. Valley tours again. Took both in Oct. and they were such gems!
actually you did, last year. It's basically the same thing in Algebra 1 though
sure! We have a ton coming up in Milwaukee over the next two months, but maybe in September.
Having a heated debate, I say Flautist- she says Flutist... ; )
Ah, Jose. Brilliant, yet again! RT“: Just got into a fight with the invisible man or was I just arguing with myself”
Good luck girls! I'm sure you'll knock em dead over there!
If you don't like Eminem......suck my motherfuckin dick.
where willU be this eve? G. Awards? #doitwithyourbootson or #Danceonthemattress , hard to chose! <3frGA
i wonder what I'm gonna wear today.
Bwahaha. You know your new song is awesome when your wife says 'Best song ever.'
Jessica Alba & Family Step Out for a Stylish Lunch (PHOTOS) It looks to us like Jessica Alba has passed on her impeccable style to her ki
RT : RT if you want a followback from me or shout out. you'll gain followers for sure! :] just RT this.
Hey buddy.
When u get a text message and its from someone u have no interest in texting back <<<
There's something to be said about #hotelbars...what that is, I'm contemplating.
As waffles we get a bad rap for say, waffling, but we've always supported marriage equality. What a day for Washington!
Playing New Frontier -Tacoma- tonight. Free. 21+ happy
RT throwback Thursday ! 'Goin' Crazy' - Natalie ; #nowplaying . who remember this ?
Some of our staff, volunteers & board members are in DC this week for the NCIL conference - great day on the Hill, sessions start in the am.
Tonight at the Neptune, my love affair with #BrianJonestownMassacre continues. Oh yeah, we go way back.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a great man who fought for equality. He also hated banks and loved basketball games in the middle of the day.
Watching Martin lol
thank you so much. We appreciate it. :)
Not in a very good mood this morning. I'm so tired and my stomach is killing me.
- I dont have mine yet, looking forward to seeing it. Congrats man!
So true! : It's like stores know when I'm stressed and send e-coupons just to make me smile. PS: It totally works.
thanks for providing the street trees that planted for the #OpOliver station at 's #EcoHustle!
Beach pewease!Me and you are gonna go to the concert!Can't wait!
he moves alot.
oh my bad. Sorry....
dont tweet things that involve me. thanks!
agh the visual! Gauge out my eyes! “: Homeland Security ... Thank you Janet "Nipples" Napolitano...a woman of vision!”
Masoli's third down pass deflected and intercepted, OSU runs it back to the Oregon 47.
Never underestimate the power of your smile.
Are you ready for the tomahawk throwing contest? Meet us in Lenape at 4pm.
Ive been good sweets thanx for checking up.
That is another thing that I like about working from home. I save money while making money
let grenades fly in MW3
As soon as the Freedom Tower goes it will be as tall as the Empire State Bldg.
Thank you, have a great weekend.
departing for the Midwest in a few hours...more to follow.
Ian Bogost () takes the podium -- "all right, let's do this"
Watching The Darkest Hour. Not bad so far
Where are you come to red dot
howdy madam :)
What's the point of being in school today
creative arts/music open house - amazed at how people use art to make a difference
It's
Thank you so much for all my followers you guys are great. Lets stay tuned in for what I have going on tomorrow with I AM HEALTHY HAIR.
Happy hour in 35 minutes!! Happy hump day!!
So yall understand TRIUMPHANT- having achieved victory or success. nuff said
Nobody cares. Please shutup.
Who the hell decided that Kobe deserved a star??? Stop trying to give me Kobe love.... I can't stand his ass!!!
Christmas with the family today!
Two things I've really taken to heart lately: it's not so much what you know, it's who you know. So always be making new friends.
Oops. Sorry.
u were with dezz right? Lol
Justin Bieber - Boyfriend is pretty much spamming my feed. Thanks and Beliebers. :p
Freshly Taylored website coming soon....
Happy Oaks to my Kentucky people! :-) Have a Mint Julep for me!
My tweets don't make sense and neither do I. So fuck you!
Good Morning Everyone Didn't Make It To Church This Sunday but He Knows Where My Heart Is:-)
Yeah he also walked in during the middle of my presentation. Who does he think he is?!
I knew It Was you!! I Was Screaming "OMG THAT'S KEVJUMBA!! " :D
Too funny. Nice comparison, I hadn't thought of that.
I need to get with staff to ensure numbers I give are as accurate and up to date as possible. Email to come next couple days
80% of the the pixels purchased will be donated to cancer research (, , ) in the Advertiser's name!
Thanks to all the models that came out today. We got a lot of great pictures and video. Stay tuned!
Waiting for tonight's debate between NATO and CANG8. Pritzker Military Library.
RT : About to hit downtown real quick...what u bouta get into
Kobe is an assassin
awesome! Can't wait!
Is loving working for Disney :)
Hahaha I havent used mine in so long! Could you follow me please? I love you. x
June 8th-Acoustic show @ spirits Pub in Valley Center, Ks!
Those Gasol brothers are the ish,
we're all brown, idk why he would get all booty hurt over "nigga"
Playing piano. Yay!
Aww. Old Hugh Grant makes me sad. :(
I must try Orange Leaf today.
Great event last night! Thanks for letting B&W and Classe participate. Keep up the great work!
The partys in my head
Thanks; I had a great time!
Wow, how did I not know about lala.com's music mover until now? If they add smart playlists, bye-bye iTunes
I'm going to marry your money<3
I would slay a dragon for some nachos right about now.
Currently 41 degrees
Maci, ask them who lit it up today in the game!
At the reception for Mil-Blog!!! Whoop!!!
I have 5 teams left in the
Whoever wrote Angela Bassett's dramatic monologue in the beginning of " Waiting To Exhale " DELIVERED. Shit gets me every time.
Sounds delicious.. I love black beans!
Horny mornings alone <<
i got 2 dresses! AH i love this store, its amazing. they have cloths like forever 21 and cool shit like Urban outfitters
got the sausage, hash brown, and bagel to match.....breakfast of champions over here
#Diabetes DHA During Pregnancy May Cut Infant Colds Getting enough of an essential fatty acid during pregnancy may help prevent colds in ne
Sometimes memories are fun and sometimes they make you sad because now they are only memories. . .
Hello Tuesday! Is it gonna be easy breezy day for ya'll? Let us comfort you with our love and yummy food.
I love u Casey you are the best sister ever. Love your wonderful sister Nicole!!! :)
Rupert Murdoch to Parliament "I know nothing"...because I watch Fox News
Oklahoma Joes BBQ in KC. Best Q in The home of BBQ. It's in a gas station. You come to KC, I buy. PSneon trees blow
It's funny how those memories they last like strawberry wine..
Yo, new kraft brand; it's 2011. A Flash-only web presence is the new "under construction" animated gif.
Give a birthday shout out to my man ! We're both on our 4th time through the Insanity program. Thnx 4 all u do! :)
Thanks for the updates
yup what u doing
Yes indeed - had a very nice time talking to you all on a beautiful Atlanta evening.
my parent's new house has a pool. they are talking about skinny dippy. ........
To the fellas be kind to a lady always today share a hug and a kind word to all moms and women that support and take care of us 365 days
...the most successful people in life, ...their strength is not having the right answers, but in asking the right questions- John Chancellor
Have you checked on ? RT : anyone have creative gift ideas for my godson's christening? Super excited!
So the question of the hour is whether or not facebook screws up instagram. Taking all bets!
why do girls let boys affect them so much? like who cares...
i never met them, what if u never did met them
is that a true story?
I live out of market. Do you know if I can watch the interview online? Thanks for all the great announcing!
I stay up. Ill sleep when im dead.
Summer, I can't wait to be reunited <U+2600><U+2764>
nice meeting you today!:) -See you next week
10th floor dessert-a-thon = torture.
Over 700 #AEDs found keep up the good work.
well I'll keep my season pass, then. Holler, Taught me...some things I know :)
Twerkin all night.. Come see for for some 45 cent wings & basketball <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I think its raining cats and dogs put there! Good heavens!
Dear Candidates, Leaders, and Media: "Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Fun will definitely be had !!
We're on the same page! Photographed anything awesome lately? More warehouses?
Dinner at Cafe Sphere then to WFM for some shopping.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you call me short, yet we're the SAME height.
I thought u lived in St Louis lol I'm not from there
Its so cold outside.. I wonder what the weather in Cali is like right now
“: Must every date include a hot tub? #thebachelor #urbaniteproblem” or a helicopter
Eatting Good Out Maryland :-)
lol i guess
this is why we love you
Agreed that the virtual space has to be created and mediated carefully to create meaningful interactions.
Ascribe to the Lord the honor due his Name; worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. ~Psalm 29:2
My emotions all fucked up.. lol
I can see the difference.
LOL error-"Sorry, something went wrong. Team of highly trained monkeys hz bn dispatched 2 deal with situation. If u c them, show them this:"
thats confidence...not cockiness~
if you love, u'll know the true meaning of pain..
#Glee was amazing!
is it faster to speed-read with an ebook or a print book? remember when speed reading was a thing?
what should i name my nipple?
darn! No Conversations! I hope all is ok up there w/ power outages. Safe and warm I hope!
those bastards!
BOOM RT : I answer 's emails because he's cool. Not because he uses text only.
In honor of Bastille Day, I will end all of my statements like a Parisian gangsta: Je voudrais un cafe, qua!
Just ordered a new charger for my old school gameboy sp..... Bout to start playing that POKEMON RED VERSION!!!! <3
Which one is your Dad??
I want nothing but black and white art on my bedroom walls
Congratulations to wework. New space looks great!
not trying hard enough! And i actually loathe you. That's like.. hate times a bajillion.
Man WTF @ this beat I just heard. That shit was crazy AF.
Man I love King of the Hill. lol
So all you guys that request #YoungHomie by it's in #MilwaukeesMostWanted tonight. Coming up sometime before 8:30! Boom!
i swear, im so close to just getting rid of my permit...led to nothing but problems.
How much jail time can I get for killing my moms dog? In a humane way of course.
Mayor of Konya calls for a human approach to sustainable urbanization while integrating Konya's heritage
Who all watched the
Men's basketball team wins by 102 points: We brought in video from Western Carolina's 141-39 win against Toccoa Falls College.
all of them. All of the dresses.
she doesn't even go here!
can't help with massage (and I don't want to!)
Few more years and im out of here and never coming back. I hate it here.
Thx ND! I hope you like! If not, I'll buy it back...RT : I have ordered your album!
Happy Birthday, buddy!
I don't know what #GoPlankInTraffic means.
Listening to before bed ! <3 #swagg .
Wow... Evilness on the rise. Now they trynna call Trayvons murder self-defense. As if the kid was knockin out cops with Skittles. Smh
NF follow back
lmao I like to retweet than have everyone else listen to me complain.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 14
We just got word that we have been chosen to play in the Gorilla Music Finals Showcase in January. Thanks Gorilla!
I'm still looking for suggestions of where I should do a few events for my book next fall---any other suggestions out there.
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain. - Kahlil Gibran
FANTASTIC NEWS!!!! So happy for Sally and Neil!! RT : Congratulations to on the birth of her daughter!
Or Chinese food 0.o
go to bed ! lol
#Kenya and #England tie at 7-7, first draw of 2012 Kenya advances based on overall point differential. Smart match by them.
that lite girl has me rolling
Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can help with your peer-review needs :)
Text I got at 4:51 this morning >
VreelandA ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward
LOL human garbage
Back-to-school is just around the corner. WOAH! Have you sustainabilized your curriculum yet?
Long-form writing probably less typical, but avg user less educated.
Go Pack Go!
Iight well I message you
Ended up 6-2 tonight! 14-8 last 22 and 6-2 last 8 in MLB! Don't miss out on the hot streak! 7 picks Thursday for only $20! Email us act now!
swatting flies with my tail, limited success.
Woohoo! The ball is rolling! Keep the momentum going!!!
Food wives actually know how to be faithful.
Really Joseph!!? LOL
No worries! Keep up the fantastic work!
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination. ~ Anonymous
I'm A MILLION BUCKS to these CHUMP CHANGE chicks!!!
We all try
Shapeshifter Is my favorite from them . OHohOHohOHoh
#That1friend who sticks with you through all the drama.
How's everyone's morning going?
records sound like trash, they'd be better off recording that on a talkboy.
When I fall on my ass in choir on the black prop board that rolls.
I know southwest slappin right now
not feeling good # whats goin on wit me
boo! Sorry we couldn't be of more help! #drops!!
why do elease keep startin w/ camilla knowin she qone qet the spit knocked out of her. she finna keep fiqhten her till she win one lol
#hth2012 Alford: lots of interesting entity reconciliation on problems with historical persons
nope Netflix
Inbox 7. I win!
RT : I think i can safely throw out the bag of halloween candy now.
that's if you can appreciate the fun, campy side along with the scares & gore. I total horror face tribute!
We love you.
Its Cold In Florida ! Yess I Love It (: #lovinglife <3
Love it.
My dad F's up all my plans too man. sorry:(
If your bi your a faggot no in between shit
Too late. Don't forget your Pepcid. love, Mom.
Paraiso is great. Would love to hear more cool climate Syrah recommendations.
Right now super I'm excited to paint my nails and watch #himym with when I get back to slc!
Its about to be 11:11 everybody get ready
PATHETIC! How peeps hate on othrs who r Way> more sucessful & constructive w/thier time then they r! #GoldenGlobes #Madonna <<U+E32A>u!!
thank you!!(:
Artistic Homes offers a wonderful array of energy efficient floor plans...one is destined to be a perfect fit for your family!
Getting 1st hand experience being a family member/visitor at in KC. So far so good. They're taking good care of my mom.
suck harder
actually both, but that was no option
I use honey on burns & skin tears it heals really fast :)
Lmao, yeah I pick up on things very quickly.
oh yeah... everyone has a chance, that's the beauty of
chillin smokin all the weed up wit her big head ass smh
Joy of Giving... 500 families receiving food and toys at the Q! Thank u San Diego!
If you didn't know, Joe's YouTube account is called JoeJonas906. The 906 is for September 6, the day his album is released.
Thank you! Hope your day is Fab!
Eating lunch at Panera
I clean to de-stress too! #cleaningtherapy it makes me feel so much better!
run in rain or finish cleaning spree???
I go at what I do as if there were nothing else in the world for me to do. Charles Kingsley
thanks you too Maybe
praying for the people of #Joplin <3
I am so ready to get back in the Dome to watch the with and !!!!!
422 days until I get to see you guys!
I know that it's coming, I just hope that I'm alive for it.
It's only Wednesday...
As my soon-to-be roommate says, Hemsworth just IS charismatic. You like him, and he acts well with everyone.
yeah but the cycling sux!! And depending on where you live (Miami) the drivers suck as well as there are no bike lanes.
Finished the Seattle Century yesterday. 100 miles in just less than 6 hours!
Is it just me...or does it seem like quite a few "Pageant Moms" and Directors have weird, psycho eyes?
Josie says since scientists haven't invented a time machine yet, she's going to. "I just want to go back & have my life again over & over."
Fatheads... headhunter.. hot peppers.. burgers.... oh yeah.
I have wheel chaor marks and the only place I got any color is the place I didnt put sunblock and that color is maroon.
Here's our question... wanna hop in the hot tub with us and talk Fantasy Football? We'll gladly support #GoRed!
Pictures from The Oscar's?
not a bookmarklet, but definitely a great idea I'll pass along to the team. /Cc
This Sun Drop soda commercial...DUMB....lmao....I can't.
I will lol
is this where I get to say - LOL - ???
RT : The first African-American president in our nation's history is also 1st sitting president to support the freedom to marry.
3rd year w/ $0 state supply money in the budget
Listening to this ol school Biggie "Life After Death" is refreshing!!!
Dear , I did not get your email. Boo.
Nowak at today's press conference: WE'll see how NY does against Houston before we know the recipe for SUnday
All modern browsers are memory hogs, especially if you run enough of them with enough tabs. (I'm usually run FF + two Chromes.)
thanks for the follow. Check out madmoneycoupons.com
love you too lex!!
Looking for music I've never heard. Time to step away from 4/4 time & tonality. Maybe time to leave equal temperment for a little while ...
Omg my birth day is going to be tommoro im so happy
You're so vain, you prolly think (redacted)'s about you..
you really should experiment ; )
warm yes. Run
I think that goes for all of us...
Absolutely! “: formal written plans. PLANNING might be the most important thing that teachers do. #langchat”
shortness of breath, my chest is pounding, yeah... my BFA review is in 3 minutes.
hey honey bud(;
I have been quiet today, anyone miss me? Looking at more $BAC, $YHOO and done trading $CRWV not that it is bad, just don't want to overstay
“ Most people are only alive because it’s illegal to shoot them.”
so true haha
you're only half right.
Paul Pierce has hit as many, if not modem big shots than anyone I've seen
Fine by me... when I'm not home.
His jokes blow. Only thing worse: Emmytones, I have a cauliflower ear from beating myself in the head every time they sing.
ok am i number 164?
you mean westbound train.
Congrats to Realtor.com on the mobile win.
Was there this AM. I asked about "boosterism." Liked and believed the multiple replies.
“ I'm too cute to be this hungry, lmaoo.” !!
LITERALLY THE HOTTEST GUY RIDING HIS BUKE NEXT TO MY CAR LIKE MY AGE AND EVERYTHING COME TO ME
This will be the LAST diet you will EVER be on because this IS the weightloss CURE! Lose 1-2 lbs a day 702.979.4424 www.lasvegashcg.com
Of course you leave The Mann before Foster the People comes! Ha, hope all is well:)
Thanks for the love and for your #DoGood work!
"The Lady in Red" was a pretty legit go-to slow-dance song in 1995.
Damn not a txt a call or a goodbye from a friend b4 he moves outta state :( damn salty af.. whtever iguess
FACT: KU has more conference titles than Duke and UNC combined. (54-47)
Sick=suck.
love the new pix in Troix!!!!
Who wakes up at 8:30 when they are support to be at work at 8:30... That would be me!!!!
Take it down a notch, Carrie Underwood.
Instead of bailing out Wall St, we should have spent the money on infrastructure. That's how we got out of the last depression.
and Joe are made 4 each other! Their just playing hard 2 get like High School kids!!! .. lol
I KNOW. She said she'd send it to you. Also I gave her some DTM post cards for you, when she's back in Can-to-the-A-D-A.
shooting with today - yay!
This diet plan makes no sense to me. So ima get some fast food.
Very cool poster from a very cool dad! It will look stellar at your place!
DJ Kennedy is the worst MC name ever.
U r. Right Follow me I'm following u
Happy Leap Year Day!
yea... its hair on ur face...
Shooting a greek Wedding @ the SurfClub. Got2 love these Greeks, They sure know how 2 eat @ dance.
I really like Martha Plimpton...
Everybody loves the Olympics right? Well, Big Jim watches random Olympic sports is coming up...
so true for example a lot of critique of Libya intervention on WVOM black radio in Chicago
Today's Goal: write this without sounding like a total asshole. Wish me luck!
New to TCL! Fine & Raw Chocolate. We carry all 11 of their bars including Chipotle Bonbon and Blueberry! 111 St Marks Place btw 1st & A
I don't have any fucks to give..
Andrew Bird is proof that Jeff Buckley wasn't done with Earth yet.
Feeding your little one healthy whole foods, lots of probiotics (yogurt) and a good supplement will help.
That is the most retarded comment I have ever read. I truly hope you are kidding.
All i had for dinner is some good p_$$¥
please reduce Podvader's speaking role in the NFL Today podcast, its becoming not fun to listen to...especially today
Del Mar National Horse Show: April 21 - May 8, 2011 kicks off today at the
Showed three 9-year-olds my hook shot. Their lives will never be the same.
hi frank hit her up
Every so often I wonder why I'm still following and then he posts some picture of some impossibly gorgeous woman and I stop.
AXE COP + DINOSAUR SOLDIER= GREATNESS!!!!!
you should come back! :)
I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me.
“: It's at the shop, getting a new alternator.” Haha you're a real renaissance man.
Would it be a HUGE turn off if he wore scooby doo boxers? 222-9800
Good Morning, here's hoping every one has a lovely day.
great web site,thx
2 grown skunks, 1 baby skunk & a fam of raccoons in the backyard. I feel like dr. doolittle
A car alarm is going off right outside my window really are you fucking kidding me
Music eases my heart mind and soul like...ouch
Dash City Skyline in the studio this weekend for some midnight sessions.
Hey , I never need to see another interview on horseback.
K would like to forget about Y and disappear. Y doesn't let K forget about the dead women.
Five more weeks of this torture! X__x
if austin jackson can get on base twice in every game we will win 150 games.
I'm clearly on a "Kiss Desperate Housewives Goodbye" binge as the very last episode airs tomorrow night and I'm really bummed about that.
The mere formulation of a problem is far more essential than its solution, which may be merely a matter of mathematical or exper
I love you for still loving me even though I have been away for so long. <3
Endangered animals aren't the only thing that is facing extinction. So are renters with good credit. www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
LUCKeSHOPPER going to take the World by storm!!!! Get Paid to shop! The more you shop the more we reward you for shopping!
A hand-written thank you note goes a long way, even more so in today's digital world. (Especially if it's on cute stationary!)
sigh. Yes. What was I thinking?!?!
Thanks for checking-in, ! Which flavor did you get?
We flyered your car. Basketball Skills comp @ Travis County Expo Center, Muay Thai Talent Search at CTC Austin, Austin Outlaws game. Wash it
Curious why #streetcarnameddesire was played for laughs, it's not a funny play. Well acted but audience was in stitches.
Trying to Win from Concert :} wish me goodluck
. Shut up, Tagg. You're a jerk, just like your father
made my morning!!! Fridge worthy. :)
MGK (Machine Gun Kelly) brings his rapid-fire flow to the Mad Frog stage on Thursday Feb 3rd. Mark your calendar, it will be a packed house!
Prettiest dress is #bachelorette history.
Veep is awesome, I have decided it. And it had better be successful because I need my West Wing fix. And this is the closest thing.
Well long story short.I have concluded.If there's a judgment. God,will just appreciate you keeping people on their toes.
Almost vacation time!!
Happy Father's Day!
I say this with the utmost respect 4 you and 4 AIIM - those calls w/ a recorded message from you do not make my day. Disappointing
Current bid for 2 fourth-row tickets to Rip City Classic game: $250. Call: 503-417-7575 (Aldridge, Durant) Proceeds benefit
RT : #Squamish #Language Course was a SUCCESS!!! Onward and upwards to become a fluent-speaking community!
Crank it up! Excited in NYC for Saturday in Miami. RT : And so it begins!
I just earned the Jet Setter Bonus at Friends of Stuyvesant in MyTown2.
nice, glad you're enjoying it. Come visit me in NY!
Half watched Pirates of the C. last night - would it be weird if I started wearing black eyeliner this late in the game?
Russia and China are intensifying cooperation in the military sphere
It was so good meeting you at the Femfessionals Event :-)
well now I am really awake…
Good 2 C so many Jackson & Lawrence County folks at the Seymour - BNL game. -JDG
This is the perfect time to watch the We Are the World video.
Improve working memory, planning and organization w/mindfulness training (OC). #wrkg_memory -
doing it now is knocking it out now! any other DJ's need it holla at me!
You're assuming I haven't done this.
Thanks for the inspiration.
A clean vision, backed by clear plans, offers you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
shout out to derrick rose man that ni**a nice.
28 gay boys away from 1000 followers. :P Now RT this if you're gay.
It's under Jason Senn. It's been repaired twice now. We just want a new tv.
Unwritten roommate rule: if it's not yours, it's because it's probably mine!
#E3onG4 So far, from what I've seen and heard, Nintendo wins #E3 this year. Microsoft's only chance for me personally is Kinect
thankyou for an amazing tour:D love you guys
Not sure yet!
Listening to old records (yes vinyl) with Family tonight is one of my favorite memories I'll keep forever.
I need your help with this upcoming event and to spread the word for this non-profit
YOU CAN DO IT TONI
hey much more to come, becauseim the las vegas hostest with the most--est!!!
I want some Hot Cheeto puffs !
Hey what time should I plan on crashing your B&J free cone date?
love getting emails in which all of the other recipients are inadvertently visible in the "to:" line
I Need Me A Fun Girl!!! Wats Up Wer Da Bad Twitches @???
I miss you ;(
*cheek , sorry i cant type right im going so crazy !
San Diego, California Weather :: 69F PARTLY CLOUDY: 69F PARTLY CLOUDY
Wtf!! RT : An insect called the water boatman can make noises as loud as lawnmowers with its genitals!
"Just" RT : I hope it was traumatic. But not as much as him showing up in his scivvies & new cowboy boots
#NLCATLANTA there are alot of people that call themselves professionals but dont have the tools..
Happy Easter!
yes, she made it back, and is now comforting herself with an heirloom tomato salad
It's Thursday!! It's a great day to skip the fair and come get a new tattoo or piercing!!
Birthday coming up
It's only a matter of time before I bump into
We need volunteers who speak Mandarin to help seniors understand and apply for benefits. Please RT.
At the arena getting ready for tonights Bucks agains Charlotte, we NEED a win tonight! Hope everyone is loud tonight!
It's Natnl Teacher Appreciation Day! Did you know PEMCO was founded by a teacher? Big thanks to our educators for everything they do!
I don't know what that is but I'm totally on board with the idea of food in a bucket.
3 weeks and 3 days until freedom.
Thanks! Do you mind if I email you off line for a specific question? Thanks!
I still want starbucks .. since two weeks ago. lol.
#RoyalRumble Cole??? look at this Clown
Happy birthday,
I WON ALREADY!
We can only forgive others when we realize that we are owed nothing. Christ has already paid it
have a great day =]
Looking forward to Thanksgiving! So much to be thankful for this year, including the challenges.
That was
look whose talking. LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO
super big big big abrazo!
the picture I showed you of him was older silly (:
so sore. forgot what a literal pita it is when you get back into routine of working out. fun though
Mindanao planner acts on power summit proposals
Robinson makes Acy his bitch
Time for me to sleep night twitter night Tray
Asthma is killing me. I always wake up coughing up a lung. :(
”All I’ve got is a red guitar, three chords and the truth” -Bob Dylan
Just read that Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb is in a coma. That's sad. Insert "stayin' alive" joke here.
You should not have been voted off tonight! Keep on dancing!
How was your day?
RT : Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson called out journalists for being mathematically illiterate <-How do I get #j202 to hate #s less?
If you can't move your ass on the treadmill today, then take a break but make no mistake - you'll get back to it the next day.
" in a circle round and round !..."
Without good K-12 education, college is irrelevant.
when i first got to DC.and was starting Republic Freedom while going to school full time.fed ex on M and 15th st was my office big shout out
NSAC asking if they can enforce 9 months, with the agreement he won't fight anywhere else, based on their jurisdiction.
in some weird way I feel like you and are long lost sistas
hello miss you friend
Your faith is amazing! God kept you here for a reason. :) Love you!
Much better headline.
All clownfish are born male and the most dominant male in a community changes its sex to female and mates with the next-most-dominant male.
My votes did it! Woo hoo - a real class act all the way! I called it the first night! Way to go #TeamBlake!
no problem!
Nowhere to go Christmas Eve? We will be open but only serving snacks as the kitchen elves have the night off.
Your #Future is great! Only #God can lead the way!
I forgot how much i love Just My Luck.
safe travels!
Objectivism covers a whole lot more than just the morality of capitalism; includes atheism & opposition to altruism
lol loving the name
Idc what anyone says, Chris Brown is an amazing rapper and singer. There is not many rappers that can also sing like an angel. <3 #teamb ...
In less then 24 hours my town will be hit with 65+ mph winds, flooding and power outage that could last for weeks...
thought you'd like this:
Hi, I haven't played traveler in years
Sounds like blast! Wish we could judge with you.
really fighting getting out of bed, but I have #ChicagoHistoryFair judging to do!
Getting known is very hard, But its worth the challenge
we been busy trying to get our own show so we will let yu kno wen this one is
Hey (; thanks
Happy in the lord
Innovation is Key - no such thing as I can't . . .
Leading my trio at the Tap Room at the Langham Hotel in Pasadena: Trevor Ware (b) Dan Schnelle (d). Straight-ahead! 7-10.
My family lived a little bit like the Amish but with a lot more Tupperware.
*sangin* My heart belongs to a Roni...
even though i don't support that team, i really hope he get up ..
Thanks! He just kills me with that sweet little expression. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
dont concern yourself with body mass index, it's BS. 13% is a good number! But only 113?! try to pack on 5lbs of muscle.
yeah!!! Mission accomplished! With the correct one this time! Ha!
...so to speak, WRT to sucking
OMG We all have to do it in some form or another to Make This Money.
. & I are heading over!
shoot fo got lol sorry its on the tip of my tounge i just cant get it out an I MISS YOU TO
my guitar teacher laid a sick lead over my bridge for the one song
Let's celebrate! Tonight the Merrick School will honor a few of our high-achieving students at the Academic Achievement Awards event.
Cost per mile would be significant. In urban areas, could focus on stop light zones. Harder on highways...
I feel a MAJOR life change coming on. Hoping for the best and preparing for the unexpected.
Dear Rams fans, Fisher is in fir the long haul. Got 3 picks for #2 overall and two future #1's.
they are concerned the barnyard animals will contaminate the agricultural research
geaux saints..you can do it!
I guess meatetarian is more fitting. I like the way you food-think, though.
You can own a word under trademark not
I listen to pretty much anything & everything (apart from most rap music) but that Looks Could Kill or whatever I hadn't heard
You are going to be awesome tomorrow! Most of all have fun. Virtual hugs at the finish line!
Today is #nationalartichokeday!!! DYK: California is the artichoke capital of the world. They supply 100% of North American artichokes.
I'm 1 follower away from 2,000. I'll send copy of my book "House to House" with a personal message inside to my 2,000th follower!
New Animoto iPhone app is here!
um. you pretty much should never give unsolicited medica advice to anyone; goes double for pregnant women.
someday, when I die, I'm going to reach you through all things #friends Be prepared to find a thumb in your soda
Seriously I looked down and it was over. How'd Lord Tensai look squashing R-Truth? Still bad?
u are meant to be the author of your own"
At the neighborhood burger joint...hope he didn't hit his head! RT : Come on by the Sink... Obama just did!
YOU KNOW YOU HEARD THAT CHIEF KEEF MIXTAPE...
“: #Shoutout to my brother mane enuff said” damn right.....
guess what?!
MAY 13!!! Best day of my life
“: She wants that morning wood (;” bahaha
haha : Oriana (& likely her boss) would prob like us to clarify she herself doesn't OWN Gotham--but sure is a vital part!
NO. YOU GO HOME. Y U SO STUPID? YOUR MEAN OK.
Thanks for coming to speak to us!
hahaha I know! I'm not hip anymore lmao
7,785 Likes and Counting, Thanks for the support!
down town?
Thanks for the retweet. May your New Year be full of the realizaton of your own dreams! the gift you give to others.
Yea, they're fine. They're up on a hill, so they were fine. Thanks for the thought.
Ran 4 miles, not bad for first day of gym. Time to go home, shower and sleep.
Regretting letting my friend borrow my computer; thinking I really want to play #TheSims3 later. Grrr.
Justin's Voice Is Flawless. And the fact that he has tons of award and millions of fans proves that. He's really talented
I needed to get my point across :) lol
haha! i like that solution. unlimited late night dinners = unlimited shopping spree. ;)
did you slap him on the spot, I hope?
thanks for the info
that's when I met my first Girlfriend relive my crazy life I had at 13 it's boring now lol
lmao yeah but there's barely any left.
RT I'm getting an iphone!!! LIKE FINALLY
YESSIR!!! SPECIAL OFFER GOING ON THIS WEEKEND! CHECK US OUT AT MUSICALSTOP.com
The Red Hot Chilli Peppers lyrics make more sense when you are going through opiate detox.
RT : We have lots of eggs to give out but need dozen-size egg cartons. Pls donate gently used cartons to
are you going to need #excedrin tomorrow or what?
that's what up,be sure hit me with the dj package.....also wondering anyway u can do a drop or two for me?
Dear heart, please stop falling in love with Bad Boys, thanks, Ellen.
not bad -a little pitchy early on Jesse's noy bad
Thanks for the follow, Good to meet an Empress of
Nick Frost's character in Spaced is hilarious.
de argentina
Well done! Definitely vibing out to this one! I subbed back as well ;) Much Love & Peace to you
#Thatawkwardmoment u still try to help him & embarrass urself asking friends' help @ 2am even tho ur offended by his assumption.
I'am Belieber :))
The Black Keys are amazing!!
Of course - and so glad to hear that! Come visit us soon :-) RT : thx for the follow I love ur food
You've got it all wrong, i don't need you u need me to carry on
22.2% — The job growth rate for the education/health services industry from 2001-2010. Also growing, leisure/hospitality (9.2%).
b Boyd
RT : We find that if we hang out long enough w/ people, well always end up laughing together over videos
Call all your girlfriends and celebrate Girls Night Out with $5 specialty martinis!
LOL RT I imagine a day when I won't have the entire east coast spoil a show for me before it airs...
Thanks Jewish Bloggers for the mention! - Kol HaOt
if a playoff team doesn't think they can win it all, then they should go home. You have to compete, not just participate...
It neva fails....certain shit gets old really fast....
“Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.”- Author Unknown
They say you are what you eat. That's funny I don't remember eating a sexy beast this morning.
I think my 18-year-old Chargers joke of "Who knew? Pupunu knew!" is too soon regarding the death of Junior Seau. Liked that guy a lot. Sad.
No one watches Degrassi, or understand my obsession with bands. Where have you been my whole life?
Have a product in the pipeline and want to launch with social media? Check out our Twitter #90DayLaunch tips and strategies for getting yo…
Dirty Red (DalanteWest) out here ballin! Datum! Ha
waking up hungry
I buy the idea of "sand in the gears" - good! - but still skeptical on comparisons btwn blog comment threads and open seminars.
um you misspelled "new york" there
I actually think it was John Travolta as Danny Zuko first. Total
"Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly."
why am I an ass hole
thanks for all the love today :) you guys rock!
I've done all of those
Just had the laugh of my day :)
Just saw this dude with the biggest dreadlock Ive ever seen...looked like a bassethound ear
Trying out a new vocalist soon, this is the last member we need !
I agree RT : Can it be saturday already so I can see ?
You know I love and miss you. We need to chill sometime :) bring that girl w/ you
happy birthday!
you eaten at Local Peasant in Sherman Oaks?
if being faux-scandinavian is wrong, I don't want to be right.
I am seriously going to #losecontrol right now why did you have to go and get me so excited before 12 haha imma lose it!!!!
All of us have our troubles & disappointments. But looking at life as a whole, there r very few ills worth worrying over 4 more than 5 mins.
!!! LOOK facebook.com/pages/Bring-Au…
is that a Boney M reference?
the stage?? naah its not big at all :P haha
At Sambos with great photographers and I love these girls almost as much as I love these mini muffins.
Blue Dust in Homestead has a great station playing right now!
Alissa, how can I thank you enough? Your Mention is so greatly appreciated.
so where we you living in CA now?
hi how are you doing and i hope you get me somethen lol
This Friday Week #2 Club Interlude Friday March 16 2012 A-Team Invasion With Special Guest DJ's #Royal Rich 5$ All Night Asu Fox
Vote Mitt Romney: Because the GOP deserves it's own John Kerry!
Moved 60,000 pounds of food this morning at Feeding America! It made my heart happy. I'm grateful I've never known true hunger in my life.
I'm upset that I'm missin the bulls game
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.B.R
I should really be sleeping, but my brain is wide awake. My thoughts are just swirling in my head like a tornado. omg.
Oh hells yea!!
Thanks a lot for voting :) We really appreciate it! Keep it up <3
#ala11 #ud11 should we take concerted action to free the metadata so we (libraries, maybe working together) could run our own webscale?
As always, fighting the urge to annotate my database design docs with pictures of robots. [:|]
Made money on $BAC and $CRWV I luv these days......Need someone to give me a treat ;)
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft. & Gwynedd-Mercy College's Help Desk! Email
tried throwing it to u but ur to far away
It smells like cowshit outside.
My Wife: what's the payoff of that? It's like fishing, if you win, you get a fish. Who wants a fish?
I want Beavis and Butthead's new season to start.
Drinking last night was such a bad idea...
Wonder how often during bad weather, people actually hear a real train and think it is a tornado?
Haha thats gonna be in the next chapter...but im not writing that one till later on
Joe Johnson still got it!!
taking a time out!! its cocktail time...
A THONG. Duh Aubrey.
Naah, I'm too busy enjoying my drinks on the other end of the conference table : )
Best Management Practices for Indian River Citrus Groves - ThomasNet Industrial News Room (press release)
I always feel slightly ridiculous at the hair salon. This one today is especially bizarro that's okay.
School is upon us. Get your kids to San Su and cheer them up!
I should have just taken the rest of this week off though
Thanks to Silver Sponsors of #CommLab2012 PRSA MI State Conference
It's so peaceful to get in the office early and knock things off the to do list before anyone else arrives
#glee is number one for TV shows ^_^
that popular feeling when more than 20 people like your truth is status... ;)
thanks love you to!!
YOU GOT THIS!!! #MadSkillz :) Sending positive vibes. <3 #OneLove XoXoXo. Back in the studio #Smash!
aw. Im sorry love! I hated that place so much! I don't even know anyone except for you that works there
no judgment here. If i could have a constant IV drip of coffee - I'd do it. #toofar?
Marco Torres, "I realized my colleagues were not the people at my school." True true when those people don't share your ideas.
what a creep! it was mucus not really poop &he clearly doesnt understand she has #CysticFibrosis &thats what clogs her organs!
KTRU memories: Discovering that Sonic Youth, hammering nails into a piano à la George Maciunas actually makes traffic of 59 bearable.
"I think I thought I saw you cry."
Isn't the spring weather gorgeous? Come out and see us sing the national anthem and God Bless America at the Texas Legends game on March 22!
I'm shrinking /:
Great educational experience w/ my daughter's class field trip to the Holocaust Museum/Educational Center. Reflections follow.
yup - both.
I've just been promoted to Level 6 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
One more day of freedom left...
Me: I love the Hunger Games! Friend: Twilight is way better. Me: ... Cop: So your friend just fell out this window? Me: Yes officer.
just saved my #iphone4s from a drop in the sink.
Next week we announce our Travail Temp of the month for Jan - our first winner of 2012 ...............who will it be????
#phonegap does some cool stuff coding Is in the land of web languages. Been a while since we worked with it
happy birthday!
going to sleep now good nite all my twitter friends
Not that I ever ever would, but doesn't it make you want to throw a rock? Just a little bit?
I am sure you will be fine. They are a cool group of people to mingle with.
What talents are these?
saturday! I don't even have money really saved up and if my mom has to pay for a plane ticket idk about the tour ticket lol
Dj Drama's bringing Future I promise you that
Should have worn shorts today.
Did you know that 58% of kids paired with a #bigbrobigsis achieve higher grades? You can make an impact.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the wonderwomen of every1's lives! The mothers &the mothers to be! You women are what keep this world strong!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
Come join us for our #31KPeace exhibition on Friday! Only 4 days until our 7:00 opening. Come meet photographer Diego Huerta!
going to neighbors 70th birthday party.
I'm planning another "NOON Year's Eve" party for my kids at my house this year!! I'm an awesome Mom!
love ya:)
need a man to treat me right
some things never change!!!
Did everyone enjoy their 3 day wknd?? We'll help you get back to the grind w a $5 Gyros sdwch for lunch today!
Jared and Juliana in - about 2/3rds way through upload - 6 more States to go and we're there
A3. Trust is a reciprocal event and emotion.
Thanks for coming in and meeting w team today! Great to talk thru issues and meet. Congrats on growth!
"great cities preserve their past" - #Houston mayor Parker at the Heritage Society lunch.
How do you get a google+ invite?
I'm following(: follow me back?
Now I just need a trophy for that. :)
same here
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE theatrical poster is finished! It is a beautifully frighting piece of art. ... but you can't see it yet.
Recruiting for a Litigation Docket Assistant for a law firm in DC. This is a direct hire opportunity! Candidates must have litigation docke…
Great to see so many familiar faces at the Right Media Forum yesterday - congrats on 10B/day-
To all the critics that said #Jeter was done, I have two words.... FUCK YOU!
I'm too lazy to get up and push play.
PASS BALL! 2-2 BALL GAME! WOW!
I said you could borrow my pen, NOT eat it.
Damn, Nature.
Back to work, after the Open Web 2008 conference.
hey, thanks for following me. Lol
O_o RT these warts on my penis are starting to itch :/”
I need to go shopping.<U+E00E>
We have many events going on during Fiesta, hope to see U! RT : I'll have guests in town, so I cant...
High expectations are the key to everything
Its funny how like when my bestfriend moved , all the other people who hungout with us ... stopped talking to me ...
I know. That would have been awesome.
Sometimes I get so infuriated by a particular situation in my life that just feel so angry!. Bah. Move on. Move on.
Who want a good morning mention
There is a lot of very serious discussion going on! Are our kidding! You just don't like the discussion!
Q1: Education equity is a civil and human right!
I was curious about the singer who never sang...I don't know that they gave us enough reference to imagine it
PS. I still cannot believe that the mayor said "liberry" three times. He's the mayor! At a conference for librarians!
If you're an artist there is still time to submit to FreeTulsa! Over 150 bands will be there!
Why can't a boy say where the independent women at instead of sayin "Where the hoes at" tht shxt bothers me .
Yanks finally deal burnett to Pirates. Yanks pick up 20 of the 33 mill left.
whomp, whomp!! we're making bbq chicken.
Chicken in a Biskit & Smoked Oysters, they just go together.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Isn't that the point Ben. They can't get jobs. Hence the protest.
Need some more followers so everyone please re tweet n help me out...Thank yall my twiggas!
so confused
Great to be part of this great exhibition!
Sorry, it costs more than $2 to learn an accent. Go to Youtube & see if there is a video teaching the accent. I don't have one
“: The fuck. kanye would never miss a chance for attention.” Agreed
Three reasons my bracket is busted---Memphis, Missouri and Marshall.
Sounds like someone is playing donkeykong on Skype. LOL!
How to Card Wool Video Workshop - Preview of Carol Rhoades - yarns
yup, we can include South Charles free wifi spots too!
I have been so busy with school work that I haven't watched SportsCenter since last Saturday.
Received Darling Specimens from today; listening will help brighten my day of having to work, while sick, on a Saturday.
One last
Tonight is Opening Night of "Red" in Phoenix! We can't wait to celebrate our final Opening of the season.
Can't lie; I'm shocked by how good the Sox have looked against the Tigers these past two games. Pitching has been stellar.
Anyone know why so many people in Atlanta are walking around in costume?!?
So what did I miss out on at #SXSW?
good idea. Anything can happen.
I'm sorry #Pipsters, but don't like Pip! I wanna like Pip, but I just don't!
a very big one i told i wqas sorry for being human we make mistakes.
Good Day so far. What's for dinner?
There's still 3 months left for outdoor bootcamp. For you or the company that holds em?
Photoshoots are fun and all but modeling is awkward as fuck. Come to yield bar tonight to watch my goofy as walk down the runway!
Hot lead! RT Looking for a job? I need help with light office work M-F in short pump reply to for info!
:-) Pretty eye people retweet if u got em
Oh Bown Nachos are not consistent. Pshah. Buy me a drink.
Speaking of the river #ChiLive... #fitness lovers, try & take a day off from being a #gymgeek :-)
Life is either a daring #adventure or nothing at all. I don't know about you but I thing today is a great day for a daring adventure!
ain't no valley low enough
you are such a girl lol. I did it
Happy Birthday to our college founder & president ! Thank you for loving & building the next generation of Leaders!
Putting the finishing touches on a 50 state report analyzing mandatory child abuse reporting laws. Stay tuned to find out how your state di…
Good Luck Tomorrow on
Big Time MusicVideo i think
Oh, well I didn't have school today. :)
We are home from our first trip out for Crete. We've been out 3 weeks. It's so good to be home for a few days.
Thanks for following the West Side Catholic Center
Every noble work is at first impossible. -Thomas Carlyle
I want a pet bunny..
Go follow she follow back ,!
It's been such a busy day
See you at Water Street Music Hall 9pm
for those watching the Voice what is with Christina A. does she ever change her outfit?~!?!?~!
Wine wednesday ! Life can't get any better !
"SWEAR TO ME!!"
Emily need to let fab go he aint worth it an chrissy needs to stop with kimbella let it go
Why copy people... do new shit!!!!
Climbing the old Crab Apple tree in Indiana, finding my perfect spot, and laughing at my brother playing boy below me.
RT : Welcome to Twitter, Mario! MT : Follow the official account of Mario the Magnificent! Please RT!
ABX’s juicy burgers and authentic, crispy Belgium French fries will be served with a delicious complement: 15 flavorful dipping sauces!...
three different schools. Three different spring breaks. Not cool.
that so cute
Nice trick play
Guys: If you want to lose your girl, keep short texting her. sincerely, women who don't cling
Super moon is hype, pals. moon was just as close last month, but no headlines.
Some people think they know what "abortion" means. If you look at recent dictionaries, you'll see it defined as "the redsox 2011 season"
hm... i think batista might be taking over legacy,lol you never know....
When buying new clothes, choose those which can easily match your existing wardrobe collection.
what? No longer owned by Lego? What changes should we expect?
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse - The Godfather
Pauly D Project :)
Tim Duncan & Al Jefferson are putting on a post-up clinic. Any young big man could do worse than to watch the #Spurs vs. #Jazz series.
Congratulations! Lots of work summed up in one picture. :-)
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA from Papa John's! Normal msg rates apply.
My only dream and goal of my life is to reach 2k followers, ugh fml 200 to go D:
I am reading Out of the Shadows by Jason Wallace --
My 11:11 wish is that follows me....she wont tho):
nice meeting you this week - thanks again for the interview!
If you switched the menus to Applebee's, T.G.I.Fridays, and Ruby Tuesdays would anyone notice?
thank you so much!!! Glad it doesn't suck :p
has Thomas gone on yet!?
- What's the trick to NOT losing one's mind? Especially when throttling a beloved is out of the picture.
Naw we bout to do a bag check lol
enjoying having a job that gets me out of the office everyday to make some home visits and see my kiddos!
Great Day 1 at #WIGreenEnergySummit! We enjoyed the solar discussion with and
I am convinced you are simultaneously following every twitter conversation #megiseverywhere cc
Buddies thicker than water. Simply being as a family. The Simaneks are bohemian Gods.
I said no salt, no salt!
Just under 5 minutes left in the first half. Knighthawks in front 5-4!
Defense. Try it. You might like it.
someone today told me that I respond to text messages too fast...excuse me for trying to make real conversation with technology lol
Big decision Baseball or Football tonight?
'gainst my window, I can't stand the rain
I earned my gold card today.
If you ain't running with me, run from me.
you know the routine
My mom wants me to settle down I tell her when I find a girl that's worth meeting u I will :) I love my mom:)
LOL!!! You need to find him a bitch to get it in with!!! Your dog has blue balls!!!!
"I wish it would rain so it could wash the pain away"
Thank you to all our veterans out there for protecting us and serving our country. Happy Veterans Day!
June Carter gets down!
I finished my 15 summaries! I thought I wasnt gonna makie it :') Now I gotta do my cover, table of contents and then reflection.
Great to hear!
hey :) long time no talk
Although I know nothing about Harry Potter, I'm ecstatic for you. This sounds like an exciting day.
got ya when in the show though
Assassin's Creed is the very reason why I adore history and creativity. Ubisoft continues to inspire stories from within.
Beer brewing talk way over my comprehension
Girls who complain about people watching NBA are 9/10 single and know how I feel when you fucks talk about Bad Girls Club or Jersey Shore
bye angela. when i nxt mssge ya, i'll be halfway around da world. lylas
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
gonna attempt to pull this one last all nighter for the semester
Amen to your precinct.
sugar shane on some bitch shit
Yes I did.
Theres always that one person that makes your heart stop when you see their name. (:
We'll call ahead to Hawaii and warn them. :) Thanks Coquette!! We love you guys!
bring that strawberry shortcake to Gallery Place and I'll be there! Look forward to it all year!
“ Those who know your name will trust in you, for you, Lord, have never forsaken those who seek you. Psalm 9:10”
ACORN funding. #LowerUnderObama wait...what? That wasn't his idea?
Haha I tried, there is no way to spell that last part of the name. LOL
Money dont sleep
PBRs and apps with
WVU football has shown zero staying power since RR. Mediocre at best. Louisville has won with different coaches.
Take your index finger and thumb and hold the meaty part on the other hand between thumb for two mins you will relax & sleep
Happy Easter!!!!
Was asking 's take on ur assessment of a Shep v. TK/CD smackdown.
that was a truly amazing meal, thanks so much for a night of friendship, food and good times!
Funniest tweets of my life!!
Nothin could be finner then to be in ah vagina.
I'm so curious to see how this Lou Reed/Metallica collaboration will turn out
I bet you don't even strip tease either
Your brand is the image people have of your company or product. It can be changed over time.
“: When was the last time you finished a good book and wished you'd kept a reading log? Just let them read!” Amen.
*sigh* such an amazing night <3333
Love is the answer, At least for most of the questions in my heart
Treehouse of Horror. Yes.
Shopping done. Time for a new client consultation!
Well, this month represents me living and working in las Vegas for 7 years! Sure is going fast.
What's the most important part of the creative process?
“: “: ": One of my fav pastimes" Yeah, & I'm doin all the work! LOL!” I was thinking that too!”>>>aye! don't judge!
Eggnog Latte <3
Can't believe i send cancel email as mistake, and then i get no refund. Not using efax ever again.
LOL. Just happy I don't have to go to class anymore, or write a paper. It's so draining.
I've gotten a few requests for my Secret War book to be an Ebook-that will be out it appears within the month-I'll let you all know when :)
Damn fuck that lol I think this might be the first Convo we've had that isn't an argument!! Haha
Two memorials will be dedicated in Carlsbad on Memorial Day for Carlsbad's Korean War veterans. Actually, one might not be finished in time.
Good Morning :) <3
me too! what games do you play!
Thank you for coming in for the palooza! You know how much our team loves the librarians! ;)
Allison Poler~ Happiness isnt the easiest thing to find but one place youre guaranteed to find it is in a friends smile.
Occupational Therapist looks pretty cool. Perhaps at my last gig I could get away with poking people with tuning forks...
If I had to pick my two favorites...1st would be Tim's Big Woods Stout and 2nd Busted Knuckle Ale.
Are the Rox on TV Today?
I'd kinda rather be eating coconut ice cream & drinking margaritas on a beach in Mexico, rather than waiting on #Irene in rainy New England.
This movie "THE FOURTH KIND" is directed by a YORUBA man from NIGERIA. Look it up, it's very interesting!
thanks love.
indeed. and I have been treasuring our time. Although we are very excited!
TASTE of TASNY Tuesday: Check out these MEN taking time out of their schedules to nurture their CREATIVE side! Did you know that The Art...
#raw10 My Mother said that I had Beatchey-Back hair. Hair so bad that when She combed it out, it would Beat her Back to my Scalp
The kid that starts singing “Why Can't We be Friends?” when someone argues…
otp :) #GOODNIGHT twitter heads!
Sorry, just saw this. I had to work last night!
enjoy your movie.
English please?
Bout to hook this salmon up and check both my squads out ... #Bulls (got Det) and #mubb (got Gtown) ...
"HI I'M FILIPINO/ASIAN." excuse me, are you stupid or stupid?
The tracking session is going great, thank you for all you supports! Baoku
Growing group of women over 55 in the surrounding LA areas! Love it!!!! Make sure your mom or grandma is signed up for new friends!
I really miss :(
way to leave me in Az w/
Today, we're wondering what the 1876 festivities were like, given that the "Panic" had begun in 1873.
Dominated, eh? Y'all should check out , I think you'll dig it ;)
baking some chicken to take to my Mama, she is not feeling good. :( But this will make it all better! :)
Yep. It would be so much easier to be mad at her if she wasn't so dang cute.
Girls Named Keisha Are Cool...
One day, well probably never, people will understand that yea we track athletes do travel the world. But most that time is spent in a hotel
Man is so made that he can only find relaxation from one kind of labor by taking up another.
Yeah, that's right, it's for a spy mission. Let's go with that.
Thank you! Xoxo
no -_- I'll make you cake instead :p
What are your plans for this lovely Sunday?
Watching The Blind Side.#nevergetsold. <3
i miss you!
It's dangerous but it's so conveint ha ha
Good question from re how to provide effective crosschannel UX when not all may have same hw, bg etc.
Pshh you know im a yanks fan at heart! RT : Yeah its your braves fault... Out are you a yanks fan now? Or cardinals?
Steve, now following you with my volunteer alter ego. :-)
Death is life's way of telling you that you've been fired. Suicide is your way to tell life, "you can't fire me, I Quit!"
Hey! I'm sitting next to you!
Yesterday was Law Day...a day to "reflect on the role of law in the foundation of the country & to recognize its importance for society."
Isn't She Lovely? Isn't She Wonderful? Isn't She Precious? <U+2665>
James harden is cold nigga got a nice game
Bless The Goddess 4 such a nice day.....
Thanks for the
This is the single dumbest conversation any two broadcasters have ever had.
Another day another dollar
you should!
Lets talk digital segment w/ On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
hmm, I've honestly never thought of drinking wine while eating sushi... I'll try it one day. Thanx.
STUDY: Black men survive longer in prison than out... drudge.tw/onqYDz
SPECIAL TOMORROW ONLY. By 2 get one free (of equal or lesser value) from 2pm til close. Saturday 6-23-11. Bath & Body Bistro.
If it were up to me, I'd have my walls cluttered with movie posters. My income, however, forces me to be very selective.
Thanks, but it is really bc of awesome Art Director Magnus Larbrant and the entire art staff as well as the programmers!
good looking out Folk's! 1 Love & I'm on it.
lol life as a nurse my friend. Been here since 530 last night and I'll be here til at least 11 proly :-(
What has been your best "find" in the #DesignDistrict? It might be a person, place or thing?
At the Encyclopedia of Philadelphia. Staying longer than I thought. Want to grab lunch someone at Spatial Humanities
Widow tells how bin Laden lived on run
All I ask is for my family to be a little supportive & they can't even do that 4 me
#cosign! I am so happy with them :)
Just about to get started with Director Jarvis's keynote! Fellow NPSers and others: Follow for updates!
Gonna add 'The Memory' by to my piano repertoire today. Very excited. :)
My mom just used lol in a text... I'm scared.
we're so bipolar and stubborn.
qEWARSTDYFUFHGDFS GOTTA GO. GREY'S ANATOMY. BYE.
she not cumin to your house. and you make dis your last time talkin to her..
Don Spiro chose the #cocktail menu for Saturday: French 75, Horse’s Neck, Three Miler, Floradora. See you
idc lol your penis is small
I'll be releasing some of that stuff soon
We was 7 ppl deep and everybody was bootleggin.....
#tech2012 no competition in wireless and wireline. look to quality, not quantity. Me: the quality sucks.
Have a fun and adventurous weekend people!
you need to go to a game with me & , we're like 28-0.
Great year! Looking forward to 2011! Happy New Year to everyone!
Duets Kisses!
This is the return to great journalism that we need in America. Follow
People who say that "Glee" is the best comedy on tv clearly have never watched FoxNews!
Be CAREFUL w/ ur edges for a lot of people its the weakest part od the hair! You don't want look like George Jefferson bcz u didn't care!
Thanks for s/o ! RT
One of my favorite lunchtime pit stops!
Got a couple requests for Cooking with Your Kids: Healthy Menu. Thoughts?
The euro was doomed because I'm under the throes of post hoc rationalization bias.
that's awesome. :)
OK, that makes more sense to me! :D Thanks so much for the suggestion!
lane violation?!?!?!? “: Tonight on Tim Donaghy Theater: Xavier plays Notre Dame!”
hi kim
Always remember, true power is within yourself.
Thank you to everyone who came out tonight to support Bob Filner for Mayor!
Season Final for #TheOffice tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Crunch time!!!
The Undertaker is kicking me out. Hope he doesn't put me in the Tombstone
We flatter those we scarcely know, We please the fleeting guest. And deal full many a thoughtless blow, To those who love us best. – Ella...
Thanks 're pumped to be working with you too :)
how have you been ? we need to catch up!!
Check out the blog section @ stratejoy.com 4 gutsy girls are blogging in real time about their QLC's! You're not alone Hun!
I always have the guts to admit when I'm wrong
Exactly what I was thinking: : Oh my gosh, I wonder if #Glee re-taped this episode to include a Whitney song.
My friends> yours
I am now a blogger. (insert dramatic music)
RT : what are your most recent discoveries in the way of Grower Chamapange?
I am a deeply superficial person. - Andy Warhol #quotes #andy warhol #art #pop art
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.°<U+2015> Mae West
doomsdayer man(mealy mouth) he is helpless, a real man wouldn't two spend two seconds worrying about the infrastructure, "we can fix this."
hey hun! i hardly go on twitter ;) thanks for the re-tweet! xoxo
RT : done. i actually always think theaters should always be transformed into art spaces.
James Beard award restaurant semifinalists out: and nominated as best new restaurant
"Don't ever make a man think you're easy to get."
thanks I just notice that
true story. I love me a good tweetup!
Dear history, If you could be a little less boring I'd really appreciate that
What wedding cost cutting tips can you share with future brides?
What's twitter jail?
User error is the bane of my existence
I've heard it's beautiful there! Watch out for the kangaroos lol
I swear I didn't break the machines! Lol
that's right u better go ahead to the store b4 everybody starts to go
Watered and fed. Now it's time to battle with words and visual storytelling.
like who needs gfs/bfs when you're roommates are so freakin great!
Sure, but lesson still stands. If you want to be found on Google in the right context, use relevant titles (cc )
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth.
Cause I'ma tough ass nigga lol
You just get ready for this lol and im on the way now
Nah, not the same at all. It's 4G!!!! (except that it is the same.)
Very tired but want to start Thomas the Rhymer before bed tonight.
Whenever I play the piano, I am at ease with myself <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
says to use social media tools to solve a problem you're passionate about. Beware of using SM for arbitrary reasons
Yeah duh we are THE COOLEST
you have real,beautiful,and amazing tweets! <3
KJ & I may lose weight cause we lose our appetite seeing them naked. : They need to lose this weight
I said us fellas, sir.
It's so gloomy outside, I hope it rains.
Thank YOU! RT : Great UPAF lunch at Thanks for the great room and the delicious spread!
living a TON of life! How about you??
Tough biz! ;) You headed to SXSW this year?
Education, please! RT : $60,000/year to incarcerate or $5,000/year to educate. Which makes more sense?
#alamw12 Employers here ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers. Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C -At Midwinter /wk
Ok who does everyone have? #Duke or #KSTATE? cmon what are your picks?
cock blocker
Trent Richardson baby welcome to Cleveland ! Brownies baby
only jesus knows.
Coming to soon!
Glenn Gary in Washington DC performs every Wednesday and Friday and is open to the public. Private engagements are available.
in an hour. I'll come scoop you
Everyone should come to Sports tonight for $3 Beam, Bacardi and Beam Red Stag!
Cant wait till School is Over.!
thanks for being a fantastic volunteer. We are lucky to have you.
Could it be a conspiracy by Kleenex for world domination?
": Lol my Bad"---feelings almost got hurt n shit lol
where are you moving to?! (:
oh snap <U+E40D>
Excited to see mah brownies again after a weekend break.
we're looking forward to having you!
omfg hello welcome to my twitter i apologize rn
your** sorry I'm lame and can't spell lol.
Thanks Christian.
Had a great time at The Clubhouse in Oak Brook last night.
What's 5000 times better than "A Candle in the Wind?"
are doing a surprise show tonight at ! Free entry, come ready to dance!
RT “Don't be afraid to be amazing.” - Andy Offutt Irwin
what a perfect day though! Going for a run next <U+E415>
Fan for life! RT your dreams have come true. The legend has joined twitter!
we are actually offering it at a discounted rate of 3.99, starting today.
Thinkin' about movin... I can't look back. But i have my moments of doubt. To You: You will always be the love of my life. U know who u are.
Ugh! Watching Sharapova is awful. I wish Lisinki would beat her.
hey Jessica can you please follow me.thanks xoxoxo:-) BOBBY HOWARD
I don't wanna go either. :(
sweet! +now following+
We're #1! RT : BREAKING: New Report Shows Wisconsin Led Nation in Job Loss Over Past Year. Dead Last.
Ryan Brunn, Convicted Killer of 7-Year-Old Jorelys Rivera, Commits Suicide in Prison -
Didn't lose my mind it was stolen...by ninja penguins wearing blue jumpsuits!
I just found it <U+E056>
so come to ou then! haha
Awesome! What's Reddit?
Well good morning there stranger, how have you folks been?
: #Peyton #Manning = #Classact in every way! Over & over in any given situation he shows class! I'm a big fan! Wishing him all the best!”
I am thinking about getting a Ford F-450 SD Crew Cab for a new car!
just registered for beta btw. interested.
out & I was forced to move from NY =/.
Support the Zoo while having Belgian Brew. Monday, May 7th, they will be donating 15% the sales goes to the Henry Vilas Zoo.
great seminar! expo! You ROCK!
thanks for the follow - we'd love to have you at our show with at on April 21st!
For a web analytics company, sure has shitty SEO and documentation.
please can i get a shoutout?! I've never gotten one before!! Ask him: if he won the lottery what would he do with the money
xmas movie bingo is a super idea. I might have to play along
yea glad you liked it! Are you doing it this year?
what happened?
it's probably a good thing they didn't qualify so that nit as many people see them
to hit the sheets follow Squad
"I like ample posteriors and I may not deceive. You other gentlemen can not refute this." - Sir Mix-A-Lot translated for WASPs
Full n ready to go to sleep tml
oh i know where this is going. Carry on.
Indiana State great answer! How about Evansville? Two good ones from same state? Indiana warm ups may complete the triple play.
In the perfectly Marxist system that is the Columbia housing lottery, I have two new favorite numbers: 30/574
It's #GrindTime for us. . .
respect for releasing an album.
that's true
So glad to see is the most popular person on the backstretch
were is it gonna be at and im sure i can get everyone to be there
Yeah, my boy is in Montessori since he was 18 mo. Repeated failure w/practice is par and he stresses out. But he needs it!
Hahhahha all mean(; There's lots of fake people now a days but nothing we can do about it she is who she is (:
R.I.P. Junior Seau
At the studio
thanks, looks a lot worse than it really is, shouldn't let them hit the ball!!
U think jus cuz u yellow I'm posed 2 be like mellow, but I say HELL NO!! Lmao RIP robin harris
Work but after that nothing . Whats good ? RT : aye what you doin tonite
Going to see Flu Season by Will Eno at Park School. I'm excited to see a very talented youth conservatory student direct this great show!
Never was keen on recycling, but just ordered a second bin for my house because I have 4x more recycling than trash.
you talk about them so often I have to get one when I get back in the state
I love #writing too. :>
process of reconstructing a fragmented history through parallel narratives of different Kurdish communities
He has no Idea how bad he messed up. Two things you don't do is mess with my money and my music... and an Erro CD. C'mon!
lol... where is mine... you should've shared sharing is caring :) lol
UK is great, there is no doubt, but KU ......I would watch out for them. Either way, this is going to be a great game.
Thanks for checking in at Welcome home!
Now up RT “: Power user tips for Google Reader. #THATCamp #LAC #istheratechinthisclass”
If one of your #NewYears #resolutions is to win a PlaySport vid cam u came to the right place!Tweet me snowboarding vid and tag
RT : is kicking into high gear. We are gaining momentum and taking off!
Sorry about that, jelly beans. I'll go easier on you next time.
I had creepy dreams.Neverever am I getting THAT fucked up before bed time again. this guy knows what im talking about
funn morning!! love my little girls team!! PARTY TONIGHT
artcl misses point. #STEM NOT about memorization... about INQUIRY and CREATIVITY. This reasoning is why we are falling behind.
"tonight" You're SO in Tanzania.
No wonder we are such a Fat country!! “: McDonald's serves roughly 8.9% of the US population every day.”
take over the situation and demand some sex dammit!
All black again 2mrw
Jp all the way
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ADvise Media. Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
you know thee deal
Chicago sucks and still down by only 14!!
Just had some last night. Always delish!
Wassup twitter! Mention me some love!
Next year is already shaping up to be a crazy one. Three collab gallery shows and a solo show to work through... and that's before June.
Do non-journalists enjoy journalism more than journalists?
Chelsea is leading!
Kill em with kindness
SUPER ANNOYING
SMH It was that Magical time when .. *WE* collectively grabbed the Twitter application & transformed it!
what up
Thanks so much!
How to do something truly experimental without burdening the visitor? on the challenge of museum games
#FF The JMOMs crew: and And other cool people:
Metta Peace is playing tonight, gonna be some drama cause he dissed the dude he elbowed who's also playing
Lots of love to -- go follow!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> RT : Huh the length of hair I want is sold out. I'm sick of this shit.
caught him good first round after he got out of jail and mistakenly left Ann Wolfe
Wonderful birthday yum. Thank you for celebrating with us.
After 6 days of birding and partying I'm exhausted and MY FEET HURT!!!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 13
flashlight nature walk on trails between neighborhoods
Dilemma, Sports or season finale hmm? ": Ok tweeps...get ready! Season finale of #Smash...20 mins!!!!"
THE BIGGER THE PROBLEM THE BIGGER THE CHECK..
Well its time to watch some football!!
um wonder where imma go to dinner...
Everyone that's in the way of the hurricane, be safe <3
trying to cuddle lol I DON'T FEEL LIKE IT. Gosh he try to act too much like a human lol
The States miss you! Your voice is so positively enchanting; I and many await your next visit to Los Angeles eagerly :)
looking forward to Phil Soran's keynote at cdrive day 3!
"Just because you put syrup on something don't make it pancakes."
i hear yaa i feel like i'm gonna pass out! alrighty i will! ps the final got extended to monday
Value of metrics at article level based on online presentation? (i.e. need to get to PDF through HTML - 2 "hits")?
and one game winning 3, giving him more game winners than lebron had had in 2 years. Hahaha
because you're cute, you're looking for someone to not know how much I love you, eh I wanted you to notice me for one more chance,
BEAUTIFUL DAY! Sunny skies, breezy. HIGH: 68. Clear & cooler tonight. LOW: 42. Sunny tomorrow for Opener: 1:10 PM Pitch: 53 & Sunny.
Waiting patiently for more mixes to come through for analysis. <waitswaitswaits> (This album is so good, you guys.)
...:::so ready just to run away its pointless being here:::...
Winter making your hair frizzy?? Come in and try our new Argan Oil! It'll fix your fly aways and have your hair silky smooth!
Hey guys! The next band that we'll be working with and I have decided to wait to announce the partnership until we both can promo it.
Well, I kinda feel like a stoner waking up at almost noon. That's the closest I'll ever get to being that.
Why are you so gorgeous ? Can you puuuhhleasee share some? Kthanks(:
Balls. Nice run. Lousy ending. When do pitchers and catchers report?
Kill the masses just got off and when gods fall ok stage now!
looking forward to a fun series!
This links me to the store, really want to read the post!
Trying Five Guys for the first. Yolo
RT : Point State Park Sat 11AM-6PM Venture Outdoors Festival presented by Highmark. FREE kayaking, biking, climbing & yoga
love u chris
This is the worst friday of my life -___-
which one
Tom Cruise is a fine ass white boy
NEW YEARS RESOLUTION: Fuck bitches, get money.
Impressive lineup, Bob. Thanks for the follow
Random FLOTUS fact: George Clooney sat next to the First Lady at last night's state dinner.
The Little Engine That Could
I ordered a self help tape called How to handle disapointment when the package came, the box was empty
Absolutely!! RT : #Aquarius want to make the world a better place, and they don't just talk about something, they do it.
I will thanks sista!
Jon Spencer Blues Explosion records have really held up well over time - oh, wait: that's the Black Keys?
Learn from yesterday, live for today, and hope for tomorrow. -Albert Einstein
#rupaulsdragrace Oh who cares, there's !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING U GUYS LUV U..peace
Do you guys LOVE The Monkeys Tale? They just signed up for Bar Scene! Check out the app for all of their unreal drink specials and events!
In "redesigning library websites"
Still the question remains- Greece, Italy, or Australia?
Jesus doesnt give up on us or the people we love. Even when we think its impossible and those around us are laughing, He is
How is at playing D?
so Blackie is out?
did I really graduate 3 years ago?
I'm sitting in hotel room starving to death. Front desk said u deliver. Just ordered Mozzarella Marinara + Soup & Salad :)
Oops started watching Friday Night Lights and haven't done any homework.
You heard her! ;)
that sad moment when doesn't follow you even when he's online
so weird. When do you leave?
“: Helloo kieran :) i'am doing good thanks, hope you guys also. x”we're doing great
sometimes i jus wanna ride w.my hamma on my lap ! ppl be pissin me off !
Advertisements glamorize healthy, shiny, lustrous hair
#teampale RT : sat outside for 30 minutes in the sun and my arms are looking a little pink. oh jeez…
#SO to and Chrome Werewolf in #LasVegas. Locals supporting locals on this
lol I miss your gay ass
Absolutely HUGE home stand for my #Bearcats begins tonight...LET'S GO UC!!!
you get a pass BECAUSE you worked at the Spag Factory.
is an amazing show filled with so many great cultures! Great job
you mean Zig techs like Sidney Crosby and John Wall.
Amazing workout this morning! Insanity month 1 one more day and onto month 2!
Umm, nobody wants to be like you...sorry.
Is Caleb Hanie playing...Or is that his baby sister suited up? Save us John Madden!
You just know CP3 gonna drain a jumper off the crossover
year and a half finally over 100 tweets
No school tomorrow :p
plus you are captain of Spur's twitterverse, you can support whomever you want in other sports and be alright in my book.
Nice. Any way to view those photos in a gallery display?
Hi Susan, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's algorithm is deciphering emotion on social media & proprietary data. Follow to DM?
But Laurans acknowledges: "Productivity" is a dirty word in education.
Another panic attack. It was suppose to be just a phase.
someone just complimented my COALESCE hoodie i got in 2001. i bought it so big back then it still fits. progress.
Any acts wanna set up a show in NY, were setting something up in talks for June. DM us!
it's kind of weird and it's unexplainable.
3 more Panto shows! It's kinda sad that the show closes tomorrow...
Add .. New music will be posted shortly!!!
typography blog
B sure to check out the Scholastic arts showcase 80 brilliant works by middle & high school students. I was impressed!
Penn State fires Head Coach Joe Paterno and School President Graham Spanier, effective immediately
We're so glad you enjoyed the luncheon! Thanks for your support!
Listening to Escape from New York OST & eating jellybeans
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment.
nice abs. I had to click to get a closer look. lol
#RVA our #BlackHistoryMonth event begins in just 50 minutes! See you there!
Many happy returns of the day to you!
I could swing half the $190K. As long as I can sleep in it too... since I'd then be homeless.
Goodnight everyone! I hope you all had a Happy Easter :)
Come on ! Seal the deal!
I'm now working on twitter policy for our staff. On one hand you want "personality" on the other "professionalism" Tricky indeed!
Bring back Sebastian, and throw away the dreadlocks guy.(:
you are a true friend to be someone's #designateddrinker :-)
So is it a bad sign for my MBA SSD if my Trash can't be emptied after a few hours?
What happened to the hit list! First thing I look at everyday on IMDb.
omc I can't wait! RT- “: #BOYFRIEND on #BILLBOARDAWARDS is gonna be CRAZY!! #sunday”
Think i give a fuckkkk
i'm finishing up taxes and grad school apps before flying out to memphis on thursday. :( watchu seeing?
drinking black tea helps to lower your cholesterol!
Who the fuck is that retarded to take shots of something and be on a 500 calorie per day diet. Way to go retards
great game 2nite -- nice to see so many players LIGHT IT UP!
Follow and be followed, its the new wave.lol
Thanks so much! Glad you like the tune :)
We really enjoyed talking with you and appreciate all that you are doing!
Jeff from tmj4 is here teaching the campers about cameras and how to properly use them.
When people ask me over & over &over &over & over again why I'm so quiet < < < < < < < < How bout just leaving me alone ?
At this pace, I'll be on the frontpage of BeardPorn by the end of No Shave November... and look homeless
will be soon Andre, doesn't cost a lot to upgrade to 250, I,ve been here 13 months, just upgraded to 900.
Glad u liked the musical selection. RT Had the most amazing day ystrdy,dinner at Smiths,dancing at Beauty&Essex!
Thanks, Jeff!
I'm wondering the same thing myself
Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby - WTSP 10 News
Lol. So mean! : Oh, so you say the dress makes you look fat? Silly girl, the fat makes you look fat.”
Looking forward to the audition for the Paul Thomas Anderson film "The Master" this Tuesday! But can I handle the high n tight if I'm cast?
Who approved the $20million track renovation? All you need is a couple boxes of
I wish I could drop that class then my life would be so much easier but no I have to take it
We'll learn it at the same time. I'm a newbie.
There is a correlation between online chatter and TV ratings, according to Social is your responsibility...find your brand.
hell, EYE would go see a Holographic Luther
Are we hanging in DC this summer?
I'll agree w/that.
Open Mic night is lookin solid
RT : +1 MT : inspiring ideas, but we need to talk business model innovation too, if we want these in market.
I'm just one of those kids who always says they wanna go somewhere but never know where
Yes, of course I want to follow! Merry Christmas to you and your wonderful family......and of course to Mr Wonderful!
will do tonight, trying to pull an and finish my semester tonight/tomorrow morning
was absolutely dreadful.
yes sir, last thing I want to do, but i'll be there playing charades with the rest of the class. Are you?
ine, not a single India player set foot on the outfield to get loosened up for the re-start.
NOW CASTING Movie Extras, Actors and Models! Any Location. Up to $300/day. Call 800-605-7148 Reply STOP to Stop
selfishly I'm really glad you do :-)
where you at bro?
that's impressive, but what kind of doctor gives the ok to do that?
Would REALLY, REALLY love to see our CEO/Publisher Hope for Women Magazine get on the show
I'm pretty sure Spike thinks Reggie giving him the choke sign is a blessing in disguise, as Spike is immortalized in Garden history...
My song "Rockin` my baby to sleep" is at 13 radio stations ttrough out the world now!
With 30 min left til deadline, do u think Portland is done with the moves?
Us too! Sunbelt bars n a AriZona :) o yeah i like where this is going
Fornication is for the devil .. RT : why.?
John Endres, SJ & Edward Vacek, SJ (formerly ) here for lunch discussing the Book of Jubilees, "Orthokardia"
haha #YEE where are you from??
Don't laugh but i left it on pof.
looking forward to your show starting next week
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
Respect, Australia, well done, great test cricket
Too busy counting those millions! RT : Joe has zero hunger
Shawty where u at?
Suggs gone for the year, Vilma out for the year...please let Clay Matthews not be the third to go down.
Vision can become a motivating force so powerful that it, in effect, becomes the DNA of our lives.
Caramelized Brussel sprouts nice but not #BLT. Onion rings too greasy but the fries are to die for.
Id begin by kissing u up and down ur sexy body. That leads me to ur hard stiff nipples where they would b suckd and lickd
It's official! I'm in love with my gloves! First time wearing them this morning and I heart them!!!
Congratulations on the appointment of Chuck Musial as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
"What are you doing?" "Eating my feelings." Haha ;)
Good job Cardinal ... this time.
naturally! Thanks for your support as well.
Haha, well I wouldn't put it past me.
Took your webnar thru ALC. Thanks. Still struggling but...
It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number call me maybe...
Waiting for #AzizInIndy with and lucas
Slideshark app for iPad is fantastic for showing PowerPoint slides. Preserves animations, typefaces, really slick. Free today too.
Working out at the gym in hopes of avoiding feeling sad/upset about the #Packers not playing anymore, but its not working...nfl on every tv
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
hoagies, i think they use licios seeded rolls
You do the same!
Thanks for the RTs guys. Even with that new, still looks like a banner crop of 3yos.
Ever see the entire pool jumping and dancing and most ladies topless? Its a sight to see. Get down here! is killin it!
Famous artists whose latte art I'd love to see: Picasso, Dali, Pollock, Rembrandt.
At One Point, I Was The Sun..& She Became The Horizon
So thankful for an amazing mom!
My birthday is over...but, Happy Birthday to the most amazing man I know and love. Happy Birthday Danny! xoxo
The $ you put into a new car today will be worth what in 5-10 years. Took me a long time to realize it. But a running car is needed
Some who's who of human crapped hacked my Xbox Live account. To quote the guy in the Unforgivable videos: "Pissin Me Off!!!!"
Created a tool that links SLOs w assignments in your LMS w teacher view, student view and admin view, cool!
That's what you call playing lights-out for a period.
All the #QRCodes for the QR Code Challenge have been posted. Happy hunting, Class of 2016. Good luck!
you okay?
I won't let my best friend hurt
Yep... Produced KHQ Local News Today for 2 years out of college before heading to
I can't wait for the Oscars.
MARK YOUR CALENDARS! Friends of the PPL Book Sale is June 17th-19th @ Catherine McAuley. Sneak preview of books for members only on 6/16!
#magicbrownie get me feeling good as fuq
I finally had to break up with iCal. Mozilla's Sunbird is treating me so much better.
Yes sir! Love watching the Heat lose! Duke's Deng and Marquette's Butler getting it done!
Looking for a contract content strategist pronto! @ me if interested!
You guys have the power to help us get big and well known all you have to do is take a few min. and tell someone about us!
We concur! RT : Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
Where's the best place to eat dinner on a Monday night in #Milwaukee?
I love you Criss Angel!!! I want to meet you really badly... you are fucking AMAZING!!! <33333
Adidas makes some injury prone shoes D Rose and Dwight Howard out for the playoffs
amazingly i'm getting work done. i'd get more done if would text me back & stop pretending that she has a weekend.
I've been sitting in a chair for 5 hours...not a happy camper.
Save on average 30% or MORE on e-cig accessories at Gen. X Vapor check us out & see for yourself! WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM
Thank you for all the support. Tweets from
When slim comein to dallas
To end this busy day: Jamming and Editing photos!
HubSpot's State of Inbound Marketing Lead Generation webinar will answer these questions
I just saw a 55-ish, long-haired Nick Nolte lookalike driving a go-cart down the sidewalk.
Beez in the trap is an eh song but I'll listen to it.
special shout out Dr. Frankfurter....says Don't Dream It
love to meet up at some point today. Let me know what might work
Q5)It's a tougher question when SME's go rogue and release something without your knowledge. #chat2lrn argh!
finishing up my math homework. :( i hate school.
Hanging with The Alabama Shakes
America, the weak spot in the economy is the housing market. No $450 billion job plan needed. Ask me how www.bruzzesiforpres.com
hi, how are you?
I checked out ur music. Nice. Keep up the hard work.
Thx! Rates r considerably higher than Would a stay w/u be worth the xtra? Want best value 4 me & my readers.
Sunday is definitely my favorite day of the week. It always feels so lazy. Or maybe I'm just lazy.
You are welcome!
What are you most excited about?
Bros before Hoes, right?
The book's a huge 10. Movie, not quite as good (but a 7 or 8 still). Much better for girls than boys though.
went to the beach today and hung out with my cousins Alyssa and Ray... it was wicked fun playing in the ocean :)
No one wants to hear a slave hymn when theyre out drinking.
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Ask people what gender they are
jo no se!
Morning everyone.
Good luck, mama cita!
Someone needs to stop allowing Sandusky to speak. That man is more than full of it.
Just met the founder of Whole Foods. Starstruck.
u are in my dreams :)
Would you like to borrow my snorkel?
Good idea!
It Was A High Speed Chase Yo.. Mad Cops Out Here@
i hope you all are appreciating your mothers today :):) i'm so blessed and thankful for mine.
Little adventures with
when are you coming back? I'm doing good. Very busy. Thank god.
Testing the blackberry twitter so I can tweet from games this season!
Grouplove was a great opener. Now realize I know them from the Apple commercial.
When you are engulfed in flames.
I guess I should say thanks lol!
~of course they did. Roy will tell the #Blazers what he knows they want to hear, regardless if it's true or not.
Cuomo says he is exploring all options to get health care exchange. Ny state must pass have by early next year, or feds impose one
Java Training Bangalore|Java Tutorial Bangalore|Java Course ...
Marc Smith round up the boys from Bank of the Whites, if they want me, they have to dump big $$ in my campaign account. Aaron is scaring me
Getting to know about this twitter thing I've been hearing so much about.
please follow me follow me foollow me <U+2665><U+2665>
Always keep an open mind & a compassionate heart.~Phil Jackson
#shoutmeout Im tryin to get to your status lol
Well they're obviously barking up the wrong tree. I only have HP products here.
Bullshitting and wasting everybody's time
Why did leave last night
Turning the channel to Karate Kid on Starz only to find out it is the stupid new version with Will Smith's kid is so disappointing.
Loading up the truck, heading to a resort in Pigeon Forge. Bikes are on the trailer, & around 84 degrees there by Saturday. Smokies here ...
olay thanks:) and I will!:)
Is anyone going to the "Dog Days of Summer" Giants game on Saturday with their pet? If so, what costume will they be sporting? :-)
Was Sweet Lou the first batter in Royals history?
I have had the first edition for 1 year and it is still going strong, love the android phones
nothing wrong with a little "manual extraction!!"
A big shout out to Niles West! Have a safe Prom. Please pass on the word.
First raffle drawing in 10 minutes! Get your tickets now! 1-$5 or 5-$20
i dont deserve half the shit i go through.. i deserve to be happy.
Parked car illegally near Bar Tonique. City of New Orleans actually successfully gave parking ticket. So unexpectedly functional.
i try my best. ;) thanks, pretty lady!
Thanks for the #PreserveNYC Twitter love. What's your fave #NYC historic site?
Nope, SE Asia FAO. Good thing we're shifting focus to the Pacific.
I am crossing my fingers, hoping, wishing, praying for #Zach #Galifianakis to be in my beard book for cancer charites... Purdy Please !!!!!
the Clarion might as well not
Seek to understand long before you seek to be understood.
Amber! Please tweet me after your concert so I know you're still alive & sane?! =) hhaha, hope you're enjoying Chickenfoot!
if it's parked on a public street in the service area, no charge if you log out. If you reserve it, hourly w/ daily max
Our reporter is speaking to Jessica Lunsford's family right now - we'll have a live report at 5!
My friend Tom Barrett is in the recall race for governor of Wisc. Let's make it happen this time. He is good for education
I drove past a car engulfed in flames on my way home from Mother's Day lunch.
hi cathy, good morning to you
well, that class was hardly ever about speculative late-night host on Firefly star relationships...
Yay! Got a cheese head hat ready for ya Gannon!
I didn't know who Jeremy Lin was last week..I sure as hell do now..
Thanks for visiting us!
yes, lots more!! enjoy yourself :D
lmaoo yup I knew
I really want to use WebGL for a geovisualization project. It's a boon for developers who want to do intense visualization with JavaScript.
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
what happened to the pod? 1/wk is not enough. Especially with NFL! Where is ?
Is there something we can help you with? Sorry for any issues!
was that u with you crying on.my..voicemail last night? Hahahahaha
I heart throw-back baseball unis
Anyone wanna webcam? I'm bored.
I'm sure that's right! I was just kidding around.
Classic shit is always made up north...no exception this time
wow, that's awesome!
tha taste is live
The only journey is the journey within ~ Rainer Maria Rilke
are you in Tennessee for business or just passing through?
you addicted to it yet?
sorry we missed you last week! We would love to have you for drinks soon! Call 312-739-3900 so we can help set something up!
Fina go home :]
One day you're gonna look back and say: "Damn that girl really did love me."
An army of deer would be more formidable commanded by a lion, than an army of lions commanded by a stag. Viking Proverb
When you swing thru Oregon in April Champ, I will buy you 5 more!
Catching up from the attitude adjustment. But it was worth it.
fried cabbage, hamburgers w/gravy & some rice
I think I need to poop
#NP Stairway To The Stars x Milt Jackson & John Coltrane
Thanks for the #MM mention shipmate!
Cats tonight with my loser%%
a whole bunch of boys tried to jump me cause I beat up his sister and then my dog ate their cat & the boys shot my neighbors..ect
Wow what a busy day. I've been marketing on the computer all day. TJ
Going to the Hospital.. Apparently Angel's Bump on his forehead keeps on growing :/
And on the Noir side-Ralph Meeker.
Thats a lie
I hear ya. I need to start training for a tough mudder.
That akward moment web you tell you waitress your a prostitute
I am operating with terrifying efficiency this morning.
We're talking funny again! Show taping with Raven's dad, Second City and more on Friday at 6pm. Tix in JH 104!
Thanks for all the kind words on 'Boudoir', it means so much!
How did I just notice this?? Great seeing you Saturday, come back to Madison more often!
Rep. Steve King hasnt endorsed a candidate. But I hereby endorse !
R.I.P. Dick Clark..... It doesn't feel right w/o hearing ur voice on New Years Eve.
Let's say a little Prayer for Bobbi Kristina Brown, & Cissy Houston tonight.
a lot of people think its good idea 2 date ex gf, then end up regretting it big time. bruce weber = salukis ex gf. don't do it!
would like to know how many cheer leaders can you chainsaw after drinking two redbulls
Great call, Ben. I had 2 servings in honor of you and your team! “: huge fan of their lamb chops”
The new merchandise, hats, shirts, etc is lookin so cool
haha thank you!!! :)
it's a fun time, but there are very few jobs available.
Green. Contemporary. Flexible. [the three core principles of Florense]
OMG NEW MOON PREMIER TODAY AH!!!!! BUT WAIT THE MOVIE DOESNT COME TILL FRI WTF IS UP WIT DAT??? O WELL I STILL GET TO SEE IT!!!!!!
Top 25 newspapers down an average of 10% in circulation. CNN now last in cable news and Forbes cuts staff. A changed landscape.
Not yet but I wud luv 2. D u have it on YouTube o do u hav a Website where I can go listen 2 it?
Who can top panda cam on the big screens this week?
9/11 Takes Centerstage in CSI: NY Season 8 (Starmometer) Share With Friends: | | Top News - Celebrities News , News Feeds and News via F
Drivin' Through my town like i dont know the speed
I need some tea.
it's official, RGIII a 'skin.
1st time your child is sick--really adult sick--is a miserable time.
I want some yum!'
how did you come up with the name Kimble? is he an official member of the household yet? (pics so cute btw)
The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do. - Thomas Edison
Made An New ICONic Buddy (: Follow Her ! (:
Stop making me buy every nail polish you use!!
You mean so much to me, yet I mean nothing to you
Q2: Chicken Soup
If you're going to San Antonio in Oct for #mgma12, be sure to visit the booth,
in two years i will reach a major age milestone. scary -yes. wonderful -yes. so much to do before i leave.
mufuckaz dm'n me bout my background ima tell u like dis if u dnt kno who dat man is u dnt deserve to b black
Trip killer!!!!!
Happy May Day! So was Diane Keaton stoned out of her mind on Colbert or is she just that strange?
Great!! Thanks!
Need supplies for the field day? Already got a parachute, kickballs, chalk, couple big ropes & hula hoops.
and teachers and ...
so is your mom o
The day after my home date <3
good luck.. get a 300!!
Gotta finish wrapping Gia's gifts. Letting her open them at midnight.
woww i almost forgot it was my #birthday. 89 facebook notifications later...
i miss you to babes <3
I wore out that many pairs of underwear by 16
embrace the cold!
#nowplaying First Dance :D
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
take what you think it will cost and it is always more than that :)
Saturday is a rugby day. First match of the season in Lincoln Park!!
I've been getting up at 5!!
Me too! </3 do u have skype?
Ugh nasty ass tv dinner
thank you beauty:-)
The song "honeybee" makes me nauseous
What adult acting classes would you like to see at SCT?
Getting the full Allegiant Air experience?
If you'r down.. Don't be , you have you'r fans, exspecally me.. I'll be here for you through everything. <3 loveyouboyfriend(:
cute bags from local L.A. handbag designer....
guess what. it's hump day. #humpday, and know what I'm gonna do? I'm going to drink some scotch
#ThingsYouWontHearLeBronSay My hair is luxurious
No spoilers! We haven't watched it yet. :)
#immvt (literally) taught me it's possible to have for too much group processing. Need to build in solo reflection time
Caps!!!!! I hate the bruins so much.
The annual Camai Dance Festival is less than two weeks away! Please message me for an application to run in the Miss Camai Pageant!
WH2U next Friday, new favorite.
someone msg me
Patience? "Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith." -Adel Bestavros (via )
Thanks for the mention, guys!
Your wish is my command. (Huh, maybe I'm a genie in FairytaleLand...)
lol graduate swag
RT - Mid-Season prediction: The Chicago White Sox will win the AL Central, not the Detroit Tigers or Cleveland Indians
it's an okay amount but idk it's up to you lol
Feeling wonderful but very much missing my girl danny. :( I love you and am praying for you.
Deja vu all over again. RT : Hamilton just opened Game 2 with a two-run homer by the flag court. Might have hit Eutaw Street.
Avenged sevenfold(:
more noted herb that is not horb lol
Contacts are clean. I have < 60
It'd be cool if I could find someone who loved me half as much as my dog does.. Lol
I want to buy from your website and I don't see how to add to shopping cart. Pls Help!!
Awesome! Looking forward to meeting the team.
we gamboooled. Eric Liu played and we got the blind 48 going. I stacked some nits. Good times.
Don't be mad at Lebron cause he selling the calls
Underground kings.<3
your welcome:D
RT : #MKETweeps - Filming for "Best Places I've Ever Been" for Travel Channel confirmed for SUNDAY 1230pm (Pls RT)
24,659 announced attendance on a Tuesday night at
Helluva finish at Madison Square Garden!!!
I will try to find out ahead of time and let you know.
I'm gonna go outside and get some work done. Oh look it's raining. Hello Dr. Oz.
who names their son Guy?
The team gettin bigger everyday 5 A1 females so far and more on the way
my privilege -
RT: Oh holla! NPR dude just said is his favorite bar. :)
Watching Haters
definitely can't do it this morning!
hi hater!
Tonic is Rockin
Getting off here because I'm getting pissed. aslkfjsa;ldkf
Tired and hungry boo
Fact: San Diego zoo deals with 8000 lbs of poop a day.
Thanks Mandy, I'm writing a blog about Australia this weekend so this helps!
Join us for 1/2 price tonight and tomorrow.Please mention "Happy New Year" to your server!
Tell them to have me! I would KILL to be there!!!!
great panel! What you said about working the game around "the good ole' boys" really resonated with me! But...
I know! Looks like we'll have to settle for something cheap...like crack
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a 10k! What gets your butt off the couch?
good morning and can't wait to hear the news :)
Cookie was probably one of them
hope you follow #yee Today is W.A.O.U.W.S.O.H.A.H.I. Stands 4.. Watch Austin On Ustream While Smileing Of How Amazing He Is
Is that too much? How about black licorice flavor? Nobody likes black licorice!
Coldplay to Live Stream Free Concert on YouTube
east coast representt
Sheena has been jailed :( Can you spread the word this is my jail account bb?
Shopping trip with mom to Chattanooga. Much needed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
this is so precious! makes me smile so big! she's gorgeous! made my heart melt! x
Going to the dentist<<<<<
hey what's cooking good lookin :)
Kicking off my Friday with my sis with lots of fresh sashimi. How are you relaxing tonight?
That's great to hear guys. Keep up the great work!
you club head
well hi to you! We met at WestLawNext! Donna Tuke / Ed, Legal Info Alert
If you don't ever take the chance you'll never know the outcome
Shorty swing my way
so happy i have a four day weekend and i dont have school on my birthday :D
Finally got the pic post!!!
That last tweet is from the iPhone game I designed, upcoming for iOS and Kindle Fire! Share if you like. We are beta testing now!
Do you have a 504 plan?
tell her to contact me on twitter . Were neighbors and I need to borrow some kool aid
Good morning tweeps!!!
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are yoi waiting for
Congrats to the two seniors on their impending graduation...and to their proud parents! Very exciting!
Retweet if you love your momma! <U+2764>
Dropbox it to us at the link from which you replied, or email
#NW Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 on DVR. Love it!
Have you done the Scrivener tutorial? It does help. It's not the most intuitive system, but it gets easier as you play with it.
RT If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. great stuff man
Congrats to my BFF for getting into the Speech Program at Texas Tech!
What kind of a Big East final is Cincinnati v. Louisville?
I say that about coffee and movies!
Just one more day then start my 4 day weekend
RT : How would a debt ceiling 2.0 fight go down? #lastword //2 words: Pitchforks, torches.
Sol and Sam said hi :) I'm with them right.
Seriously. Get yourselves here. You'll regret missing it. And I'll reduce the price ;)
using smart content rendering on site to show folks relevant content, and hooks to keep visitors coming back..
lol he must have appreciate the support
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Nurse that big weekend hangover with some of the best breakfast around. We're ready for you with a cup o' coffee and a fresh OJ in hand!
Big day! Getting a new do! The extensions are out. The ponytail is wacked. Now color!
so upset about our atlanta thrashers being selled to winnipeg
You're very welcome - it was great!
But what if the person yu cool with starts developing feelings for you, then what?
nvm i already talked 2 u
that's all they're talking about on sports center too
Fina posts for Tuesday has 3 co.hoops consensus and 1 NBA from 144 cappers plays (NBA on Den Nuggets) View all FREE..see ya at the window
"I put so many people in weird things." -Kendra Rai of
Doing my good deed tomorrow !!
Hey michael, got permission to do the mall project. Should be starting it soon! Will keep you in the loop with progress!
RT : So does there remain any question about Jefferson's paternity & Sally's children?
Obsessed with this food!! M Mac n cheese, rice pilaf, shrimp & so much more. Loving...
no problem!
Home alone on a Saturday night working on a project and The Notebook comes on... Could this be any more cliche?
"For long-term weight loss, you need to have social support"
Beauty is about living your life & being happy with yourself inside & out & not worrying about what people think of you.
I feel bad for my cousin.i never seen this mane down in his entire life.some people can really be selfish.
this girl is going shopping tomorrow
Ill call it fucking sick.
random ass tweet what up ghost?
Great #audition yesterday! A few more coming up and some other great things developing!
I think it means you've picked who you want to win.
Thank you for making #Portland everything it is!
got the song "BULLY" stuck in my head... Thanks y'all...
It's because of the lockout!!! Oh wait....
good-bye summer!!
... D Wade & LeBron, it is officially time to do your Batman & Robin thing!
Really wants to go see in a couple of weeks! Anyone fancy a trip to vegas?!
#Portland artists: Do you have a project you're looking to promote? Let us know & we'll pass it on!
Off twitter for today big day. party on Tuesday!!!!!
I can see him loving the stage;)
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my family
glad u like em
it's ok! You can still be a #cupcakemonster with me! And who shows up to a party on time anyway? ;)
About to nom on anything I have in the apartment.
Dude RIP Carroll Shelby
Girl you play too many games smh just keep it 100 and everything will be good...
thanks for skyping into paul orselli's exhibit design excited to bounce around ideas with your this week at aam
what's wrong? :/
Done with school.. its so stressful..
Thank you thank you! RT :
Congrats to Tmac on a job well done. Enjoy the new iPad. NewPage rules!
Big window cleaning day tomorrow. Should be lots of fun.
I would love to! Unfortunately THAT'S not happening today... maybe tomorrow - on the beach!
Check out this AWESOME video introducing the Harrington School of Communication and Media made by a graduate of the Film/Media Program...
Uthoff appealed 3 of those 4 schools in visiting with Associate AD Justin Doherty and Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thurs. morning.
Today is the 1st aniversary of Willy West! Congrats!
get Pujols get Fisher. Good sports month for me!!
I've never witnessed someone that desperate to be "cool"
Our new DJ starts today from 5-9p ET & Mixology LIVE begins 10pm-12am. letsYOU vote on the song list LIVE!
Taking my hair from a level 1 to a level 4! I'm scared ..which is crazy because I'm a hair stylist .. I just hope the color fits me
hahaha! Glad you enjoyed that! Its still up there day later!
New building already has its twitter feed. Welcome and thank you. Our long municipal nightmare is over. :)
I must say this Buffalo chicken dip is on 11 #superbowl snack
tg I was like WHAT
Ronaldo bags! No celebration... Gotta just drive those barca players nuts!!!!
Talent is God-given: be humble.Fame is man-given: be thankful.Conceit is self-given: be careful.
Happy New Year from the Music & Arts Library - may your 2012 be filled with good music! (and, don't forget, a lot of it is on our shelves!)
Watching excellent PLO vids cracking up over this commentary vs h 'have nut blocker gonna go crazy and see what happens'
Well yeah!
The open source JavaScript library Globalize provides an easy way of providing properly formatted dates for different languages.
How is Marty Brodeur still this good?
I'm following!! follow back Christina! Much luv!
Nothing comes easy. You have to work for anything you want. You have to work real hard.
Hey there Nothing is cancelled! #TasteofDC is going to be awesome! More information is coming soon!
What did everyone think of the Bassmaster Classic this year? How did you like espn's coverage?
Living life with no regrets
Fuller says four hospitality jobs are needed to spur as much economic impact as one white-collar job.
I like that there were two future governors in that film.
Aaron Rodgers dodged the Madden curse. Democracy works!!! :p
if you like that you don't have to pay to get into #BASHH, be sure to say thanks to this month!
kendall and kylie were in this too O.o whose the brand ambassador?
ughh.. see our previous tweets.. I mistyped word. I meant useless not unless
And I can't hold back all these Haitian niggas.
- you had to like his heated debates with NFL players when the bounty story broke.
2. Put ppl in right seats on ur bus #ASTD2012 Collins
we live you korey!(:
My dad got me a dark blue aeropostale pullever! :) love u dadd
I so want an airship, and a rat tail, in that order!
That's a really long blog title, I don't know, man.
I know that I have been successful as a Baltimorean because now I am being followed by
I really want to see The Dictator or whatever it's called. It looks so funny!
If your ump's strike zone is smaller than his butt hole, you have
they should! This one was actually 11ft but we had to knock off a foot in order to reach the top. Also cost a whopping $17.
Golf is my new therapy!
just preordered "Through Sin + Self-Destrucution"
More snow and ice? Enough already. I'm so in need of sand and sun.
I'm right there with you Jay..it's ay-pri-cot. I should be right cause I work at a grocery store? Lol maybe it's a coast thing? <U+E346>
I believe you're right!!!!
HUGE NEWS! Everglenn will be opening up for States! (4/5 of Copeland, mindy white from lydia's new band!) OCT 13 at The Door Dallas!
BB guns are illegal in the city right?
Of more concern was 's reasoning: "we’ve got a lot of Republican backing..." What does he mean by "backing"
Janice play too much yo lol
AWESOME!! :) Keep it going so Maci can meet JB :D
Some wonderful people to follow
Was talking to a Master's student at our department from Libya who lost his brother in recent domestic war last ear. Sigh ...
Decided to check out and I'm addicted. Great app. Great service.
Cataloger flame wars are politely boring.
From last night --- Reporter: "Can you cover them (the Thunder)? Kobe: "No."
so bored..
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
ok baby(;
Good question! I'm trying to leave Wal-Mart out of my response.
consultant to Savings,
New Brewers theme song: Suicide Squeezing is Painless
I hope everyone has a blessed day! Live life to the fullest and walk in purpose!
But I just had work done. Their HUGE now! :)
#BounceThatAss For a tramp stamp
thank u Andrea =]
There waz a fake she waz tryin to be z but she only had 87 followers!:(
Well, I am going to watch SC2 till morning. Homestory Cup > School.
I didn't realize there was a proposition to vote on.
i'm so with you on this one...
veggie beef or chicken. We have you covered!
we r all over the place w/prog. concepts- doing some w/ipad android apps in a math elective-need to figure out what makes sense
Wine time with !!
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it
Nothin like a glass of chocolate milk in the morning
Not sure I get that approach for Romney. Seems to be re-packaging his positions on grounds that are pretty favorable for Obama.
What is better than Living Your Dreams? My Wife Michelle is doing just that, no not being my Wife LOL but doing the business that she lov
Testing integration again. Hopefully still works!
ok, maybe somebody changed the station. too busy to check kexp.org or get up to see what the radio is set to. brain a leetle fried...
Thanks Robin! All the best people have birthdays in November, right?!
You are bizarre. Funny, but bizarre.
O. I wanna read it when you're done.
Anyone with a spare bed/room tonite in Berlin?
ok thanks! Smooches!
I wish I had more interesting things to tweet about lately. But really this tiredness is overwhelming every other possible thought/feeling.
Happy Masters' Sunday!
Starting my Monday off GREAT with the
Shine the spotlight on you and your stupid ideas :)
spot em up smith starting ish on twitter ayy
#UX #social #design All social apps are coded but only part of the mechanisms that ensue success are encoded in the technology platform.
agree, it is a lil creepy!
Is the Zakk abd Jack show still on? Have not heard it in Wichita for a while.
Want more energy? Focus? To be doing the things you want to do? Are you tired? Wanting more out of life? My next FREE talk is for you. Easy.
EXTREMELY influential especially to the entire whole "mafioso" rap movement (meaning talking about intelligent crimes, not just stick ups)
Wow its early
Getting up at 3am to go see the sunrise from a volcano tomorrow. Not sure how to feel. (right now it's 8:20)
no doubt, man. Keep at it.
"Things worth having are worth waiting for."
I'm such a baby when I'm sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Denver East moving on after a 15-12 win over Chaparral in the second round of the girls lax playoffs.
SO sad. : BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48
I like Sobe's sponsorship of the SI Swimsuit app and use of Kate Upton creative. You think they new she was cover model before this week?
So You Movin Huh.?? M Ok
it would be an honor if was following me
Yes everyday. It has saved me...thanks for the great show!
Derrick Rose....ah random
KBPS.TV is now on an aggressive programming scout hunt. Join now http:// KBPS.TV
Caught GI Joe with Fidah and Nina at The Cathay. Intense and a not-bad movie. 3 out of 5 stars from me
Love the calling out of Clear Channel by name in The Thank You Economy audiobook 04:06:47
Ditto!!! Thx 4 introducing the art of nonconformity! RT : thanks for coming to Miami to inspire us!
i feel like it's my brother's life goal to make me wanna jump off a cliff. -.-
time to eat some lunch :-)
Birthday next Sunday ; (:
did you know?The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
make sure you have some cheese with that, just not too much lol
Giving this Twitter thing another shot!?
I sent you an email last week regarding my project for class. Let me know if you got it! Thanks!
We just lost the greatest visionary of this century. With no one to carry the torch.
We Love One Direction #2 trend :P We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction :D <3
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Brian tells me you are IN for that career day! Many thanks!
NEVER wear the autographed jersey! Not enough characters in twitter to rant on that enough!
We Need To Talk ASAP Memphis Bussiness
"Studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes." - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
they did for the windham game to.
Bad Hair Day.
RT i see my Grip team, done wraped up another one. The Diamond interview. Good job , Much love Diamond
yeah :P
well of course he can pull it off. The #Guru is the one who invented class.
me too
Sit back and watch me prove you wrong.
"fortunately" that study is for undergrads; the #mcdm trends much higher in post-graduation employment success! Sobering still.
PC by implication is things done only to cater to a constituency w/o regard for substance yeh?
and #Amtrak is moving. An hr 15 delayed but we're a go. #megabus still sucks
Great to see you too. Hope you had fun even though weather was death. And of course, I love !
This dude almost hit me, I look over and he's asleep. He jerked up, waved and mouthed sorry. Dude prevention is better than cure. Pull over.
Night night twitter:) sweet dreams:):)
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
well I was raised in California we have no shame
I'm in the fast lane my tires damn near burnt out
i always get small pimples right before mother nature gives me her gift, augh
Lin and Tebow in the same city? New York just got a lot whole lot nicer.
Might i say that Swagger looks like Alternate 1985 Biff tonight
Hai guys :D
So my husband just set up my profile...he got me into this, so IDK what I am supposed to do on twitter
loved the #oprah and #ladygaga interview on last night...powerful women making a difference in the world :)
I'm equally frustrated when people comment on news stories as fact before validating.
Co-write #2 today w/ & ... rockin' in the #airstream!
It's Sunday, so I had a delicious cupcake. Ok, 2.
I draw the line at writing my own card :)
tell me about it, I have heard I need to get used to early hours for this whole baby thing.
I've been #TeamSingle for to long, im just waiting for someone to offer me tht long term contract.
Today really has been a good day I must say
I'm going just to see you! 8.03.12!!!! :* Love you and God bless you! :) #messenger #ColtonDixonIsOurIdol #backstage #cantwait !
At the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. A must see, Cher's 70s Bob Mackie dress and Lady Gaga's meat dress in Women Who Rock exhibit.
What a great idea!! ;) I agree whole-heartedly.
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Jabawockeez. No one will ever be as sick as them.<3
And by tennis lesson I mean Walking Dead marathon.
Hey Matt, Want to plan a 24 hour Hangout for Earth Day next month? Great visiting your school, meeting colleagues!
Just because I love you.
late July
That's awesome. Mandarin too, learning Spanish.
Ladies that were scheduled for the photo shoot at daytona beach today hit me asap shoots been moved to a new location.
What are the most important lessons you've learned, and how did you learn them? Mistakes are for learning. Misdeeds are for consequences.
come to Texas and we'll make that dream a reality!
My dog farted in my room. I fucking hate you
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
MT : Hanging out at a talk w/ at Google talk on credibility on the web.
#Photoshoot in Connecticut its freezing!
But you always win.....yourself.
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Thnx[:
Well after getting offstage I was gonna head to magnolia motor lounge to the Texas rangers victory party .... Hm.
Let me clarify. Often I feel training does not encourage or help facilitate actual learning. When I think of CPD, I think of ppl
Opting for in-cabin dining tonight...think I'll be taking the roast chicken, baked potato and pecan pie, thankyouverymuch.
Restart it & keep pressing F8 & see if a screen pops up. If it does see if you can go into safe mode & do a system restore on it
Please! Make this twitter know i talk about famous persons, his/her style, personality, love... RT this RT RT ;)
And I need gas..... #GotMyAss lol
Well there you go ! And yeah right, half the girls can't even hit the ball !
You will. It always happens. One way or another.
Whitney Houston died????
Remember when hundreds of people chanted "Abolish the Board of Trustees!" on #N28?
School is as !
"If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - Carl Sagan
I just joined a community on named ADULTTALK
Fixed. "Incredible, austere collection of teas from small remote privately owned Asian growers."
Happy Monday! I was so glad to wake up to some sunlight this morning!!
#GoTribe Go Tribe! 2 of 3 from Texas and that line up...nice
Thanks a lot to for having me on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some #Caps today
Had a good talk with today. Love you!
saw it already ....I'm in tba mid west ...real shit#
My Godparents Needa Hurry Up
We have a fight.
It was very fun. Surprisingly great, actually.
I'm in the mood today!!! It's friday, feeling good feeling great...It's my world so im bout to do what I want....Anybody wana join?!?!?!?
it will be ONE year since I met u in Orlando @ ur bus on May 3rd
well im gettin it in hoe
Elgin developing a definition, and goals, for business growth ELGIN — The City Council will consider in the next month or so m
History channel is bordering unwatchable.
Kiwi == Pizza ...nice game
how many times can I say "ew" in 140 characters?
The Terrell Moore Gallery (1221 S Hope) has new paintings by Terrel Moore & new sculptures by Ismael Cazarez until 10pm
better at what..?
Did you get nervous before games in the tournament? If so how did you handle it? Do you get more nervous as a fan?
Business meetings today as we prepare to launch the most advanced green power solution ever conceived using waste and emissions as fuel.
Can't go to sleep.
I see the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat fuck Kentucky
Oh no. Feel better, !
Prosecutor Charles Rich is 1st to address jury. Urges group to find Julie Bronson's Mercedes have been used as a deadly weapon.
Hate when people play with my heart...:( emotion or,feelings
Wide awake
I'm so glad people cannot read my mind.
Correction- I think its tonight!
I think imma let my ears shrink up a bit. Go down a size or 2.
That reminds me... GO EASTON!!!!!! RT : Never buying waterproof mascara evererrrrrrr again
As soon as I find a scholarship and/or sponsor it's done!
So you're back on Tumblr. When did this happen?!
Hell yeah
They came. They played. They won!!! #GNG baby #GRIZZNATION Grizz-freakin-nation!!! Welcome back TA!!! Miss ya guy!
i've literally been reading 's timeline for the past 2+ hours.. and watching vogueing videos on youtube *shrug*.
Shoutout to for being my thousandth follower ( :
Yeah ads all over Fox unfortunately. It's a "joke" but it's dark if you know about it.
can't cuz I still have school after that and graduation..I'll talk to tahir and figure out a good..
Am now officially Lori Birrell- back home after the wedding weekend!
whatever happened to roller skating? That could be a kewel thing to do on a Saturday night
Lets get it Magic
At Mac miller it's getting nuts
I'd go crazy with boredom, although if I was allowed to read...
Wishing you the best honeymoon. Have a blast (& some #Chockits) Can't wait to hear your Big Five!!!
Oh shit this rain is freezing!
I don't mind some of them it's the ones that have never left the state of MD and just love the Yankees.
I am seriously obsessed with Somebody That I Used To Know
Followed the list! Thanks!
Quite an enjoyable time lounging w and Ike the Terrier at the DuPont Market... Now off to beer fun!
LegalShield - Identity Theft Shield can protect you against Identity Thieves. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
yo here is a follow
Heading to Heat Game. Got suite tickets! Taking my mother & out of the kindness of my heart, my step dad who I despise!
In the Disneyland episode of George Lopez, did anyone else notice there's a bunch of hidden Mickey heads?
That's because Eleven is ALWAYS kickin' RT I love piano bar. Haven't been far too long though.
Had a dream last night we won 3-0. Even weirder, wait for it...mikel scored!.
Monday, collecting all the work that you thrown out at weekends. Jusy like the poor homeless guy finding his breakfast on the trash
follow us Dave <333
Which one are you going to come to?
": No one can shake their ass better than me."
why ur not gay?
well just remember who you have a date with tomorrow night, Messner can watch if he wants.
#saicSATS Erin Gee speaking
lmao I wish
:-) thats what i like to hear
ye ye Fire!!...when u have the munchies!! lmao
Iowa State must defeat the Iowa High School champions of the previous year to qualify for #big12 play.
S/o to my new follower
#lies !!! “: Next time i see you im gonna act like i dont know you”
I remembered to bring my fingerless gloves today! It's still super cold in here!
A pint of Pumpkin Porter for only $4.75
Thanks, Julia! Glad to help out #DIC. :)
Big congrats to my awesome partner in life and biz who was just named NAEA Museum Educator of the Year for the Western Division.
no doubt!! Don't be a stranger this summer! :)
I'm not afraid to try again. I'm just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason..
Story ledes -- you elude me today.
Hahaha, thank you! :D You can borrow them if you want ;)
Phx is totally dominating Nashville
Checking out , looking for an invite.
Desire to win hasn't gone from Oilers, Avalanche
I think reading the emails were funnier, but the "they owe us like 5mil because i dunked on them in heels" was good
happy birthday!! :)
#PrettyLittleLiars so excited!!
That really means a lot! After 8 years, I suppose it's overdue. Lol. And I LOVE that you listen!!
Friday fishing! Hoping the weather works out!
RT“: #Cancer is the best friend you can have.. when your down they will do all they can to make you happy again”
girls with bangs and layers >>>
Ryan Braun is the baby bear slayer
Damn. I need a publicized blog Or writer to write or blog about my music. That would be perfect
Breaking News: It's blazing hot in Mississippi!!!!
yeah by the slides Thts good Wth me
I'm going to be on Pit Boss tv show. The crew filmed me when I was helping out giving food to the dogs. U might see me on tv when it airs.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
I'm wandering into the nude wing!!! says Googlicious Stef
Great being connected with you. Would like to talk about social media sometime.
(Haven't been tweeting much; but I am still in here.)
& watch in Scorcese's King of Comedy. Brilliant & so cray!
anytime in LA good. But the traffic. Oy. Good delis too!
Very exciting! Do you know if the museum covers the history of Navy divers in Brooklyn?
RT : Its to hot for clothes.
finally off!
they are awesome boots!!!!
At my school you can't wear leggings under skirts. They will let you wear a mini skirt with a thong but not a skirt with leggings under them
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 19
Good Morning Chad!
Talk is CHEAP
Thanks for attending the talk :-)
Hey PJ, I sent an email to your gmail account. Plz check and hit me back! Thanks.
I starting to love One Direction <3 The guys are so cute... especially Harry ;) teeeheeeeee <3333
I will pass this on (I'm not totally sure how they're stored). Thanks for the comment Zac!
Did your time just change? We did ours a few weeks ago.
Ginger Village People cop.
Out of orlando florida but we promote bands everywhere.
please don't go!<3 this is just for awhile right?!...
Kind of waiting to take pictures after I'm unpacked. New desk doesn't come in till May 3, so I'm living out of boxes till then.
thanks bud! fuckin every site was stalling.finally got one working now..
A...all of them?? RT DO ALL THE THINGS.
Windsor is actually better than I expected
We'll have the updated file labeled 'final-new' so you know which one to use.
love my single life...... KIMMY MAC BABY! lol jk
the bow-tie is a dead giveaway no thug would wear something so delicious! :)
Thanks to the complete absence of students at my office hour this afternoon, I'm now at Inbox Forty-Two.
For fucks sake...
#YouCuteAndAllBut I just want sex.
Well Hooters will be packed tonight!! There's a lot of Spurs fan in Mexico city!! Lol
That annoying moment when you get a package that says easy open and you need scissors , a knife , a gun and a life saber to open it
Oh ok. Gotcha. Have a cousin that lives there. Would be weird if y'all were roomates 0_o LOL
. created Noredink, a tool for teaching kids grammar using the pop culture around them that they already love. #technori AWESOME.
They need to get an indoor practice field before they start thinking about a TV network.
Listen to Chelsea! MT It's #GreenWeek so follow for tips & info in preparation for #EarthDay!
Need some inspiration? Check out these
Cheers to Jason Varitek for a great career.
My Twitter on my BB is Not working right. I will try to get on when it decides 2 work!
#weirdthingaboutme I like the butt of the bread lol
We still got a 4th qtr to play lmao
I tweeted twice today. And i've been texting ppl so idk what you're talking about. And busy cause there's so much work.
and was finished with my food anyway, but if they said what I wanted the to say, and u could obviously know what I mean-
Hey, do you have any suggestions for books for engaged couples?
Whatever!!! You told me about this!
hahaha I have nothing to do all day. I'm going to die, or kill everyone.
that's tru
#Mississippi Bitch if u really want sum
“: Can't wait to see lots of guy's baskets tonite at ! Victor Hotel, that's the place to be tonite!”
Mac is pulling ahead in the PC vs Mac donation fish bowls at the registration table. Stop by and cast your vote ($$$).
duh he sucks try trading him soon
hahaha definitely NOT something you wanna put on your face...
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned."
Im not tired rite now thats wassup
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
RT : 52% of Mississippi voters believe Obama is a Muslim
I've heard West Michigan is REALLY closed-minded about some stuff. I grew up in L.A. so that trips me out.
Happy Early Birthday!!
we are! Congratulations (this is totally resume-worthy)
Seriously, #Vegas, GET OFF YOUR PHONES (don't act like you're not still using them), and stop hitting pedestrians. Two kids within an hour!
Jim Rohn: You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Happy St. Patrick's day! Happy hour 2-7pm with a fun wine tasting all day. Live music Tini Grey kicks off at 7:30pm
What romantic activities do you like in Louisville? Tweet us at
My dog follows me around everyyywheree <3
Who is looking for a low priced poker table or chip set?? Go to www.eproducts4less.biz
« Downtown doesn't even look like Kansas City...»
Saturdays are for yard work and napping.
Wondering if this thing is taking over facebook. I need a site that finds me a wedding dress. Is there one?
Oak ridge here i come!
started collecting my pics for my project i got some good shit
Had fun with Jenny ;D
rt I love cinco de mayo. my feelings are mixed about seis de mayo.
Daniel Descalso reminds me of Seattle.
Some ideas: Amsterdam Falafelshop. Matchbox. Ben's. Zorba's. Hawk 'n' Dove. 2 Amys (I hate it b/c it's always loaded with kids!)
I was also surprised that I liked her as a brunette - the dark hair brought out her eyes.
so whats the deal with this Instagram thing...
The stop at Luai's was great. We had sandwiches, coffee and crashed in the basement. Not much sleep but some rest. He has a huge cat.
Got a wellness question you’d like us to answer on our blog? Let us know and we’ll feature it in an upcoming post.
"It matters that progressives hold law-enforcement positions..Mirkarimi has potential to emerge as a national leader.." bit.ly/u4x4Cy
Tim, it's my job...lol. But you got this though!!!!
I'm back!
Looks like Ticket Reservation is back up and running. Go ahead and reserve tickets for Sunday's match vs DCU (Handball United)!
Please tell me you all are going to continue the Skyrim shorts! Even if Chavez is too traumatized to continue.
I'm not afraid of the #unknown.. It's like my second address!
Still at the studio. wont be done till like 6ish.
Woo!!! That's great news, congratulations!
I did that today for like 30 seconds until I realized my error. Ugh.
That's gonna be on the top 10 !
.How do I know Ive become #meowmom?Going to the bathroom becomes a parade & b4 Iv even addressed the seat-3 faces just waiting for my feet
Thanks for the #ff mention, that was really nice!
At ComicBug with : )
Go see John Bellows at Roxaboxen tonight! Shit, I don't even know the address. Ask a mug. This phone sucks.
we all need reminders lol
I KNOW, RIGHT? RT that shizz, I want to take notice.
finally :D
I never wanna hear the word Boston again.
Tell Me You Love Me, Come Back And Haunt Me, When I Rush To The Start - The Scientist (Coldplay)
Who's in the mood for a wild rumpus?
Sunday coffee and Serie A. Go Bologna!
check out my youtube channel :)
The cure to boredom: vromans bookstore. (for now).
Just signed my lease!!!!! I couldn't be happier:)
RT“: Hearing Mayor Hawthorne's music play on a tv show is lovely”. Which show!
I think I get more sleep on the desks at school than in my bed.
Overrated! Over.....rated!!!
like 20 mins away, i'd say! I go there a lot too!
my day was pretty chill actually, and yours?
Vote NO on any plan that increases taxes! We need less spending NOT more taxes!
219 West is great tonight...good crowd!
Funny, my watch still has my time from the half marathon I ran in July on it. Guess I've taken it easy for a while
But the emerging Federal guidelines should make things easier.
I Love You !!! Start Cathing Up On BGC!(:
Big shout out to and their committment to highlighing Milwaukee Nonprofits! Stay tuned for more exciting #DNation news.
“: literally so excited for the #districtdreamteam in the fall "
#FF and congratulations to 's own Matt Kemple on all the greatness coming your way!!!
And I'm 30 min early!!
about to trend, y'all!
The Seattle Design festival. That's what's up. Look for it this September.
We are playing a new venue in Prattville Nov 11th, please come out and support us and the other great bands. 100 EAST 4TH ST
put on a great show last night. vodka served some great free vodka. #ACL weekend is kicking arse!!!
When I give you my time,I'm giving you a portion of my life that I will never get back. So, don't waste it.
when do the general public get to buy those Jordans?
so excited!
Big sean is dope. I fux wit em
Doug Melvin: PLEASE sign Greinke to a long term deal. Anyone who gets shelled consistently by a team's arch-rival is NOT an ace.
I need this internet back on LOL phone aren't fun lol
for some reason I'm bowling in virginia
Thanks for following. I like to haer about the wonders of Richmond!
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
good morning twitterlings. peace and blessings y'all. peace and blessings.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right. Aldous Huxley -
Up early waiting on Tbaby so I can go home
and bottles of scotch somewhere in the anchors desk.
Contact us today to learn how we can help you meet your #RTO and
B.O.R.E.D :) hoping to visit the beach soon :) I ride SHOTGUN !!! Haha :P
Bring it, Melvin - we need you here! RT ": What a day! We welcome to the Chargers"
“When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on.” - Franklin D Roosevelt
Yo Easter is this Sunday tho?
So nice to be snuggled cozy in bed, with my kitty curled up against me, listening to the rain falling outside. =)
and life makes love look hard (8)
omg i'm so happy for you hahaha
Having respect for EVERYONE & YOURSELF.
#LinkedInTips: Include the link to your LinkedIn profile on your business card along with your other SM platforms.
A healthy #mouth can promote a healthy body! For fresh breath + great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
We're so excited! We've got ants in our pants and it makes us want to dance!! New tunes coming soon!!!!!
Love this pic. The Scott brothers are my favorite TV personalities!!!
stuff kill them,and they're like all stored in that govt building like way underground or something in their own chmbers and
no problem <3
yeah cause i can do the same shit on FB homie
Great time speaking to athletes at IMG/Madden Football camp today at
all you have to do is eat off their special menu!
doing well, thanks! enjoying the day off & making lasagne. I passed that quote to a friend as a gift. transformative stuff.
Please follow me back!! :))
modern and ancient egyptian burial practices are similar and how they're different. guess who got a 9 on the quiz and had to write a paper.
Hm...#ixD13 is in Toronto 28 January - 1 Feb 2013. Then #TOCcon two weeks later, and getting married two weeks after that! #amIcrazy?
A really great method to acquire investment funds to operate your business can be accounts receivables factoring.
Maybe soy bacon? ;) I know how much loves bacon.
I wish my phone had more battery life
Awesome! Glad you had a great time!
One Ticket to a Comets MISL Soccer Game in Independence on February 19, 24, or 26 (Up to $29.25 Value)
Aww thanks hun! Love yours too! You keep rockin the short hair <3 I'm debating whether to cut mine or not
I know I saw it late I was at practice...
i have the same problem with tht man :/
My New Update Live
thank you for your support. We will keep it in mind!
I haz a bad cold. :(
Who is this new T-Mobile chick? Where is Catherine Zeta-Jones?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get a sweet text and you stare at your phone screen like a weirdo lolol
I'm seriously so fed up with LA drivers.. Be as conceited as you want in your daily life but don't take it to the road.. Calm the F* down!
Making my to-do list for the week: Turn 27 yrs old, eat a cupcake, make quilts...
Thank god I'm going home tomorrow.
The way jaylen acted in the store <<
Take me to the goods! No splash pages. Few exceptions.
. Great advice. One thing #Jango doesn't do is track your DISLIKES, a useful metric knowing where not to target.
not unless you want me too tho
thanks, jay! looking forward to seeing your holiday card. :)
A wise friend once said "Hakkuna Matata! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097>"
I Miss My Nephew. :/
Tomorrow I am "marrying" one of my 3 yr old students. Dude been calling me "girlfriend" for 4 months now!
S/O to all of our new followers!!! Thanks for your SUPPORT!!!! Check us out on Facebook/Ganksta Enterprize and also
yeah man God is good!!!
CONGRATS TO MY LOVE TINA.....WELCOME DAIVYN...
Who wants to do the Berkie!?
You sound like a social networking whore. Enjoying your sexy voice from #RVA across town from
Persona Obama: The president, press & public image, THURSDAY at noon w/Sheri Park and Martha Joynt Kumar
Guess who's wearing that shirt in her pro pic? ME. <3
the first recap video will be distributed early this coming week, with some speaker interviews to follow.
If you can't go to sleep at night, you must be in love, because your dreams are better than your reality.
Love is not just caring deeply, it's, above all, understanding. ~ Francoise Sagan
Getting ready to go take some photos of some work we're doing now! Will post soon!
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Stay tuned in 2012 for our Mommy and Me-style "Little Stars" program coming to a location in North Miami soon!
Never stop learning and exploring! Look at each day as a new blessing and never stop being yourself
red sox nation still loves YOU!!!!
$2 Schilitz TallBoys over at today? Can't go wrong.... 2599 S Logan
And a BIG thank you to one of my very favorite viewers and twitter friends! Hope you guys are settling in and getting comfy!
When you are on a diet, and you make cookies for a superbowl party, then lick the bowl, and eat some cookies, expect to be very hyper.
Sorry Rob, but nothing gets me to change channel faster than draft talk/speculation.
I was in Vienna during velvet rev. Went right to Prague.'Vaclav Na Hrad' painted on the walls. And the best part was that he didn't. bowing.
Really interesting about Rabbi Alvin Kass. Thanks for tweeting.
It's Tebow Time for the rest of the Season for the Denver Broncos.
Man timebe flying by so fast these days. What are pple doing right now
Let me get my ass up.. ready to go play football... studs vs fems today :)
I have high standards b/c all the wrong people have showed me what I dont deserve. If you don't meet those standards, then too bad for you
Check out our course maps! Our flat fast Marathon/Half Marathon route for a great first time marathon or to qualify for Boston!
I love you Anissa!! Great seeing you guys again!!<3 you never fail to impress ^_^
haha come on its fam:) it was awesome to see my fam!
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Sweet Tweet RTs keepn it positive hookn up w/positive talk about adrenaline! keepn it strictly network and lookn good m!
This distance that's between us has got me barely breathing
Just made the switch. Love the interface, love the inspiration aspect - It's like Evernote and Pinterest smashed together
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock & Roll Yearbook for '67 - Everything starts to get psychedelic as The Doors and...
UP LATE AGAIN HOPING THIS CHILD OF MINE STARTS TO FEEL BETTER SOON!!!
Thank you SO much for your support & votes for my Oprah audition. Because of your help, I finished in the top 3%--out of over 9500 videos!
Awesome, thanks!
Creativity; never without passion or the utmost desire to create perfection in one's eye not need be your own
I can't wait to get into it...the countdown has begun
THE DEEP BLUE SEA is simply astonishing. Another masterwork from Terence Davies. See it now!
: President Obama in support of gay marriage!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> Imagine how many people he has helped by supporting it!!
I watch that show too. I haven't felt strange after seeing these people. One Guy likes to make out with his car :(
My favorite exercise? The beer run!
Hey, just to let everyone know, my account got hacked. Please disregard any direct tweets from us for 24hours. Thanks
You give me mixed signals. What should I do.
Peoples choice awardss (:
Sitting with my IsiZulu Crew.
Hoes all over my body
Happy Mother's Day Mamee
I used to love Lamont St. Grill way back in the day when I lived in PB. Good times
Don't think he's much of a sportie, other than that involving thumbs and a TV set.
Prediction:If Tiger Woods fails, pundits will tell us he's washed up. If he succeeds, they'll tell us how great he is. Hot air.
In fact, I'd rather have a Focus ST than a Mustang.
The vandal proof Vivotek FD8134V is now available and in stock at Ingram Micro.
thanks! Happy Derby Day! Is the Ball on the Mall tonight? I'm in DC for a bridal shower and want to hit Georgetown home tour
You should tweet as you watch for those of us cable less.
We also have criminal inequality as well as income equality! Equal "Justice" under law is MYTH!! PROSECUTE WALL ST CROOKS!
I missed something here, I think. I'm
it's the barber code to be closed on Sunday b Monday b
newborns were easy. They slept constantly. 3 months, that's when it goes south.
Today is the #cvsotc . Let me guess - #chulavista is still recovering from when over-spender Salas was on the Council
lol i'll take u where ever u wanna go. They have a decent grilled chicken and dallar menu lol
Alarming all over the place. Edifying to learn that interviews are not the same as reviews.
believe me the pleasure is all ours. Your voice is heavenly girl. Just love you..
True Religion is old to me... That's that shit I don't like!
Tweeted it out this morning with some reflections. Now *that's* the conversation we should be having.
I am /Titanic exhibition-bound from foyer at 2:15. Any cab-sharers out there?
no one could update their twit, someone crash the site
The paradox of having to stop working from home to actually go to work and get less done. Sigh.
In the East.
:-) it is always nice to see Duke lose; even nicer on the big stage
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Reminds me of Wordsworth's ode to the daffodil.
Nothing better then eating an ice cream during class. ð<U+009F><U+0091>
RT Am I weird? Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
u got ur heart broke 0,0! *gets gun* click click who we getting tonight lol
why are you always so mad?
Do not sit on your legal rights. You must act if you wish to see your rights vindicated.
The start of the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships has been delayed until 12 pm CT due to inclement weather.
Excited to be part of Chili Cook-Off! Competing with and others. New recipe, hoping it's yummy!
If your twitter name has like 13 characters in it, its the first to get bumped when I am over 140 on a #ff tweet.
Can't wait for wake surfing tomorrow morning
denouncing the Internet is like denouncing the Gutenberg printing press.
i missed it. when will it be playing again?
Someone is enjoying shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
- go practice putting. It's what makes or breaks us.
Thanks to my friends !!! my you tube video total views are about to hit 200K <3 Kellie
You are most welcome, Sonya! Come enjoy lunch or dinner with us soon! <U+263A>
Hey I sent you an email. Let me know if you got it :) thanks!
Oh my gosh, I bawled and laughed and bawled some more. Such a great book!
Honolulu is one of the safest cities in the US. Made moving here from PDX easy. bit.ly/wphCGW If only it were among the cleanest too.
you must be mistaken me for someone else xP RT is a slut x)
I never thought that I would agree with Van Jones on ANYTHING but I have to agree with him on Holder...
Eating dinner and playing some
Romo, MJD, Shonn Greene, I could not have asked for anything more this entire season! Only wish Calvin & Finley could have shown up
2xLP, "Analog Drift" . Ahh, the sound of a good LP still can't be matched! Artist deserving wider recognition. Saw also at
Lol. As child u always scared a lil cause if u where not nice. U get no gift and might have to go back to spain with them! Lol
I love your curly hair!! I wish I had it! I love my wavy hair but I would like it more curly.
when did u eva have the title matthew?? All i hear is
telling stories about king basketball team and comments from public
RT : Congrats to on whl player of the week
Let's go Cotto. You got this.
Real Housewives of DC’s Stacie Turner & Husband Jason Have Separated
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein.
calls college professors old. I'm 34, an age between Jason Kidd and Dirk. So, I guess he's right. I'm old.
is way too excited about books on tape
Love and inspire...
I live for the nights I can't remember with the people I'll never forget.
So excited to see For Today April 5th !
Meet Looks like Seattle is keeping pace with Austin in hiring! Send me all the people tired of Rain! No Rain in TX!
I got it Jon Mr. C wants you to trade $150k for my spices so I can payoff my 29% interest credit cards from medical bills
oh geez. :-( I hope you find something soon.
You already had Mothers Day!
How was Cursive? Did you mosh?
If you were in LA, yes. Good luck with the short.
"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff"
yup yup dorks r us lmao
You left Colorado and now you're leaving the xterra!!
thinking of calling off of work tomorrow claiming "Linsanity"
Sticking to your diet
No, I meant, it would have been faster to just make another one ;)
awesome, it kinds does! :D
Great YKH piece. Did u tweet a link and I missed it? Happy to spread the word.
RT : We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race. ~ Kofi Annan
New Years will never be the same =(
You'd be mine!
I just heard Blazer G Jared Bayless is going to play Oregonian writer J. Quick in Ping Pong. And maybe at the Lizard Lounge. I got winner
#ConfessionNight I don't wanna be alone tonight </3
Valentines day. A day where you can sit around and feast on chocolate thinking about why you don't have a boyfriend
can I get a shoutout? It would be so dope if you did!
3 days til the party. My phone is blowing UP
hey whats up!!
For more info about our mission trips this summer, we're having a meeting after each service at both campuses this weekend
Hey! We haven't reached our 20th re-tweet! Re-tweet the previous message for a chance to win a discounted #Resonate2012 Registration!
Review: This book sounded intriguing, and I wasn't disappointed. It's a refreshingly different premise in a rip-roaring mystery story.
listening to 11:11 on repeat :)
Cracked 4,000 tweets this week. Pathetic number compared to many of you, but never thought I'd get here :)
that shower took mi buzz
great questions all. Learning should never end!
Representing at the Mayor's State of the City...
seriously! I got spanked as a kid and I turned out fine! Lol
60-70% of users are women ages 25-44 and from West, Central and Southern states
Boo! How's life with the britts?
In computers wat should igo on ..........
2 WEEKS LEFT TIL LAS VEGAS FIGHT WEEKEND! GET YOUR TIX TO THE HOTTEST PARTIES AT www.LasVegasFightParties.Eventbritemcom
Welcome to Matt Scumaci's Official Twitter Account! Please follow him today to access the latest updates! Like me on Facebook!!
I am going to #codeandcoffee tomorrow. Anyone want to hack on MacRuby with me? I am sub-noob status.
How's the weekend going? I so wanted to be part of that #smartmusic class but it was full! Next time :-)
Dude pissing in the middle of the track.
"Centipede' means 100 feet, but in fact the number of feet in each bug varies from 30 to 750." From "Bugs by the Numbers"
Thanks for the shout out!
wizard wednesdays at footsies, will she go or no
Thanks for following, Richard. Look forward to your postings here on Twitter.
Falling in love doesn't always mean finding the light. Sometimes it means finding a hand to hold as you walk through the darkness. <3
Nothing beats a good that's what she said joke
you're right that is stupid.
Wow. Apparently the Van Halen fans are out in full force on the Internet today
the greatest.
taking staples out of Mr Knatz wall singing "Rhianna- you da one" ! :D
Getting off work early is an amazing feeling
“: I am so sick of oatmeal for breakfast...”
aw luv that Carly dog!
A-maz-ing!!
I love Louis... Directioners go hard. Been trending for about 5 hours!
Happy Day! , 12p & , 130p are performing at the #acmexperience today then signing at our tent!
Why u payin so much for a normal snapback wit TISA on it?
We put Party Zone, Demolition Man, Johnny Mnemonic, Pinball Magic and Dr. Dude on tournament play. For this Tues. tournament @ Slabtown.
RT : A Force To Be Reckoned With!
Good morning twitter!;) If im not following you let me know and ill follow you back. I hope everyone has a great day. Xoxo!;)
Go say hi to Mo at Single Silo Vodka - we love her! (Anyone who changes their middle name to Danger is just awesome.)
haha thanks. I could use a good #bourbon drink after that one. Made to my zodiac sign (cusp of Gemini & Cancer ;) & blood type.
2hrs of new Glee tonight. I feel like I've been waiting my whole life for this.
If PFT tweet is correct on #Bills cutting Drayton Florence, it's initially shocking because it came from nowhere, but really, huge surprise.
Does ShareThis give you a way to add via instead of via them on tweets? My other pet peeve with those tools :)
Did you make the cut? I hope so.
thanks! Just shot my first set of 3 sheets.
I hope you realize how much you mean to me.
Good Morning Tweets!
Northern Lights Films
ill upload that #snipe i have of you tiff.
bo. I'm sorry. I bet your hair still looks great, tho.
Coconut #LaCroix tastes kind of like carbonated sun tan lotion. Where's my berry?!
butting in- [No, it wasn't an injury]- :(
RT : Brought FM resident to mtg w state rep. We should always look for ways to encourage future leaders.
I'm so sorry for what you went through and sorry that I said nasty things without knowing your history and pain.
Some big hit hockey center- go Bucky
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Complain complain complain....shut the fuck up
AJ, Becky is gonna be a judge for our public debate
we being real childish right now
I guess a close invention is peel n stick nail shields
yeah but how many Git repos do the rest have?
Thank you for your support of this great tradition!
Who do you see in the NBA finals? We have two of our teams in the playoffs but neither of our hometown favorites. Kobe vs LeBron?
The college I'm going to is 1/3 of the size of my high school and I CAN'T WAIT.
#waystomakemehappy Make me a sandwich
its ard cuzin niggas just tryna get back feel me been out this jawn to long
stories like this are why I must keep subscribing to wall street journal...dammit!
I have the most bizarre dreams ever I swear Dx (i.e. My mom turned my cat into mashed potatoes, I was really pissed in that one lol)
Girl, you're gorgeous.
AZ contends #SB1070 does not authorize detention beyond the 4th amendment.
Been working out al day...... i'm tired to say the least
#burghbargains is LIVE and full of offers. ATTENTION: #Pittsburgh #Businesses, if you would like to be featured call me at 412-316-3342
If he stays a zoo keeper he'll be just like DeJesus when he grows up.
Our art space is starting to book up! We love our local artists and are delighted to find more discovering us.
Happy New Year from Kirby Howell! Our resolution is to read and write more! What's ya'll's?
RT Tomorrow Apple is going to buy the Moon, the state of California (and rename it iCal), or buy jetpacks for everyone.
shopping is a beautiful thing
The "Get Fresh" Fiction contest deadline is January 31st. But it's never too early.
About to start another #AFTALAC Discussion on Space for Art! Follow #AFTALAC for updates throughout the call.
Bully ray IS calfzilla
I miss driving!
I'm so over it.
Alicia Keys is so damn gorgeous.
I'm in her head like maebelin
Happy Holidays from the Indianapolis Symphonic Choir!
"HOLDIN' MA DICK!"
Hysterical show tonight as always! Love 'em.
What about other absences? RT : The table is empty of pierogi, and the absence of Erin makes it even more painful.
Vegas and #super64 = great times
Impress yourself today!
Another Photoshop feature request, or maybe someone can help me out! I would like 'hyphenation' off by default in the paragraph panel!
Ryan leslie beats <3
There are so many Frank Sinatra lyrics that make us melt! What's YOUR favorite song by Ol' Blue Eyes?
Its tough lol
These Niggas be Snitching These Bitches be Bitchen Have ya dome brainless You fade away and I'm stainless
I know! I mean honestly! There are plenty of attractive, older, and extremely fuckable girls at their shows! Not her
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping ur Uncle, Jack, off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
trying to get back into thesis mode after a couple of weeks off...i don't want to do this any more
Am I missing something? #compromise suggests that both parties are willing to give something. What are the Rs giving up here?
I love malkin's interviews ^_^
your tweets are visible now
This rain is full of shit..
also I don't understand why he bought a roku box when you have an Xbox and it is a free app for it.
The one modern convenience I could NOT do without is ________.
Love me some Coors Field pinball! RT : #Rockies take first game of series 18-9 over #Mets. 18 runs are new season-high for Rox.
Shoutout to !!! Everyone should follow her!!! <3
#askcig so #Stik is really geared to the individual FB user that wants reputable references, right?
Always loved the random dancing guy who never plays an instrument or sings
Super Bowl picks - Fricke: Chargers v Saints / Landry: Chargers v Cowboys / FSR team Colts v Vikings
hug <3 well if he'd kiss me , he'd be my first &' I'd volunteer as tribute (;
We don't have a free version anymore.
Hilarious. ": "Superman that hoe!" - what my best friend's 3 year old just yelled at me."
new followers #THANKYOU!
Omg ! I must go to Northwestern Montana, itss amazing
that is very nice. Sorry I've just left you to fend for yourself!
Remember all the gloating from the great weather they had in the east? This is payback :) Heehee.
Thanks Thomas!
they won the super bowl with a shitty rushing game, obviously they should try and do so again!
we need to go blast some clays soon. Even if that is bad for my back
Two CGSL members on the Jamboree #Genealogy Blogger Summit panel: moderator and
What would be the proper way to deal with a woman who takes her sassiness a little too far without hurting her feelings?
Hope you are doing well. Keep us posted on your latest business ventures and let us know if we can help.
How old is too old?
Joined the MBP crowd this weekend (personal box). So far, I'm definitely liking it. Design and interface are great, and it is really fast!
Rihanna is a spooky looking bitch.
We now run live sound! If you need gear and an engineer for your next show contact us via www.mybandsnextstep.com!
Well, that was a lovely game of cricket.
You are an idiot. He was speaking as the Commander in Chief. Personalized the issue. You are wrong on this issue.
The big picture is really overwhelming me.
use the app
Hahaha, only when buys. :P
lmao!!! Sounds like a heartattack waiting to happen guys!!
Writing my poem about getting my wristband experience. & going to the event. & meeting them.
Nice to meet you in the PHL airport last week. Hope my wife and I didn't freak you out.
Congrats to the cubs fans, celebrate and kick off your weekend with a healthy start-fruit smoothies, sodas and sandwiches
Um so my sister is home from college and this the 4th day she haven't did you know what....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>.
yeah I stayed on about to lose my mind too. You coulda came back and talked!
what you call targeted followers I call BULL. Take a good look at the new followers you're getting...twitter-bots
My Son is too much lol
So tired. Ball State has a nice campus but I am so tired from orientation!
37 DAYS!:D
Stop growing, fingernails. You're silly.
5 minutes until the Fourth Speaker Series!!
My day is starting way too soon.
New acoustic videos coming soon.
It's that time again...what would you like to see featured on our next video tip of the week?
that's what I mean, screens or runs, but hey... the #Ravens didn't utilize their T.O.'s either
Wish I could just give all/mostly short answer exams. They are SO much easier to write, and my students seem to prefer them. Where's my TA?
My head hurts -_- so I hate the world at the moment goodbye.
Lol it's bad.
. "Tend the field" - develop relationships with community partners around events, helps future recruitment
Huntsman: We have assets and values that influence us in everything
just got in from work
Looking 4ward to talking w/you!
I'm hoping the new headshots I took today are awesome and inspiring cause I so need it right now.
Idgaf if u dont have a phat ass or big breasts or how beautiful u r in my eyez the persona is wut I notice !!!!
way ahead of you doll return the favor please
Finally understand why Roger Goodell hates James Harrison. James was never drafted, so he never got to chest bump the commish on draft day.
Looking forward to the upcoming recert prgm Corp in May! Can't wait to hear what everyone is up to!
Trudy is back from vacation. She had a wonderful time but missed the farm.
Your ugly when : You frown all the time like your the most miserable person on earth.
will be ecstatic to see what I left him on his night stand
Rondo is definitely on tonight
Me and almost just burned my goddamn house down #yolgdo #peeing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I am fearing for my life in this car right now
Just shit on my life hahaha I'm in this war now!
Okay foodies - where's the best brunch spot in San Antonio?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when walk into a place with an argument going on and u don't know nun bout it
send us an e-mail at one of the contest winners never responded, so you lucked out!
Putting on a little Beastie Boys vinyl tonight on honor of #MCA. First celeb death to make me sad in a long time! MCA...rock the mic today!
The Avengers was fantastic. Robert Downey Jr is such a babe.
Are you actually listening or just waiting for ur turn to talk?!
We're still having troubles setting up call-ins. They keep kicking us off of our dial-up modem.
It takes so much for me to thirst over a female. She has to REALLY fine
if your day gets messed up ill make it better luz :)
Happy New Year!!!!! xoxoxox
k aw i would.
Still out gotta drop these DVDs in the redbox !!!
Yes, clearly *that's* the biggest problem confronting the historical profession these days.
I really get mad when people don't retweet my tweets and copy them. I mean,be orjinal,k?
attractive face you got there c; aha
you two are like needy social media children. You only tweet at me when you want something.
sex wont make him love you.. &a baby wont make him stay... #LessondLearnd<'3
Sky opened up something serious....if you're on the road in atl, please be safe
Happiness Rule #3 - Live simply...be thankful...
did i see you in PetSmart on Friday? I think I did...people were ooooing and ahhhing, i told them i was better ::rolls eyes::
Just left the SESAC showcase... Now it's time to jump on these books...
Works done time for a midnight snack, a little twitter and bed
What's up Twitter World?
Need a tux? Cultural Center has a huge assortment that was donated. Jackets only $21, pants on sale for $10.50. Visit the Resale Shops.
Can I come over?
Need common creative space where all can interact, share knowledge, mingle
Day 2 over sleeping a bit...I'm thinking my body is ready for a tropical vacation next week.
so in typical fashion - I am analysing the narrative strageties employed in .... STARCRAFT 2!
at Beauty and Essex in the Lower Eastside - NYC
Happy St Patty's Day friends!
I know this sounds goofy, but had the chance to shoot "J's" on the Final Four floor! Great experience!!!!
why u guys still tagging me... I don't know you?
I'm not a hater but I also don't support pansies that clearly act. Last year it was dwade pretending to be hurt.
I'm not stupid
Beach day! Finally!!!
Regular maintenance and appropriate cleaning are very important for the correct function of your HVAC and also to save you money!
Tonight is such a god song! Its 830am! Speaking from morning relations experience?! lol
Maybe Alphonso Marsh? I feel like another OL sleeper is possible if a scholly is available...
Seriously good day. Easter bunny, family, food and a glorious boat ride.
GOTTA SMOKE LOUD ENOUGH SO SHELL HEAR ME
JD is a freaking mess...got to fight through this.
Funnel cloud reported by spotters just with Annandale Storm.
Pls help me get verified :)
Nope. It could've been avoided had this person read the directions.. Now I get to be an a-hole and point it out :-/
Tonight! Guinness draft is $3.17 from midnight until close! Come visit!
The cats been talking behind your back.
Working on the new website. Hope it will help others create their rainbow www.FocusSocietyMastermind.com
#Great #lunch at Union South with some old and new #friends! Now on to my #favorite place on campus: !!
Do people still do #followfriday these days? If so, follow and - two invaluable supporters of this young business
Hilarious. Check out closely guarded #Pop Secret & #Emerald Nuts Twofer Commercial on www.letsgetaquatic.com. #sbads #superbowl commercials
Getting underway working with the City of Seattle on taxonomies for emergency services. Lots to understand.
I had a dream that you were on tour, and I got to meet you at your sold out MSG show, Maybe someday my dream will become true?
Please rt "Kill the Gays" bill could be passed in 48 hours-sign this urgent petition to stop it! allout.org/en/petition/ug
'Open linked data provides enormous opportunity to libraries and the cooperative'
Fell back asleep...woke up 15 minutes later because I had a dream someone was trying to drown me
Happy Birthday!!! Enjoy your day :-)
I don't know anything unless Twitter tells me. They never miss the big stuff.
Reason 7 to love the BBA... Beer. We have a wide variety on Fremont Street, stop by our favorite local pubs.
happy birthday love!! :) Loves ya!!<3
long day ahead of me..
Overreaction theater on ABC right now
now gonna catch up on the nba.
Be yourself, the people who mind, don't matter and the people that matter, don't mind - Dr. S
smh this guy at school trying to pull off zayn's hairstyle
Van Halen is still the greatest band on the planet. Just got my concert tix and am pumped!!
Morning, in bio class...I kinda like this class O.o tha fuck
I just sneer at skinny
Friday evening, so much fun looking forward to the weekend!
Welcome back to the #defendingchildhood task force hearing in Detroit!
Congrats on ur Beautiful baby Girl!
Master of disguise.
so worth it!!! “: Waiting 45 minutes outside for BBQ in Chicago. Expecting awesome. Smoque BBQ restaurant anyone?”
Telling people your tired when in reality your just sad.
now we are Skyping :D
I'm tellin everyone I know how good u are. This is ur big break man, I cant even imagine what must be going through ur mind lol
#ICriedWhen we walked into the movie theater when I was seeing the Hunger Games for the very first time (I'M IN LOVE WITH THG!!!!)
The man next to me stinks like an ash tray and is coughing up a lung. Good morning to you, too.
About To Lay It On Down That BWW was to good !
That's what she said
my cat, Max
I am the worst decision maker ever.
need some pro-active for that face and a mental check up!!!
dont whoopty woo cuuz b.r small n i like to get the head start ill be den snuck em, glen oaks shit. den sell him a track.....lol.real shit
I think an hour in the gym is gonna have to do for tonight. Fuck all this malarkey. I'm going tomorrow morning anyway so......
E-Man, hope all is well on the right ( correct) coast !!!
I hope this wind dies down , nothing worse then trying to light a bowl when its windy
Reading the excellent #stevejobs biography. Turns out his Myers-Briggs personality profile was iENFP.
When fortune knocks, open the door. - German Proverb
What's Next?
If you happy and you know it clap ya hands
Heading to Orlando for #hcms12? Attend session, "Improving the Patient Experience Through Mobile" and learn more about iTriage
it's the last day for West Memphis Seniors to TURN UP TURN UP TURN UP!!!!
IASP - other types of discipline could be added?
Let's face it! There's something about us others may find less than palatable. Does that give them the right to judge you or your choices?
"Want to shoot? Pry this ball from my cold, dead hands" -Melo Carmelo Anthony advised Lin last week not to come back too soon
agree, but I'd put east side similar to mission
My hubbie, who works for IBM, is not deleting his, because he feels the same way as you. just fyi...There are others. ;)
it's a sit and spin. It's really for my niece but I used to play on one when I was a kid!
The intensity from a few hours ago has died down, but jeebus, it's already 3:26 PM EST. Where does the time go?
how many jobs have you held in the last year?
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people tweet their actual feelings. Tweet fake ones that people compare to like I do
Was that for me to see lol
I really hope the Colts and Skins don't use the entire allotment of their time. Just get it over with
Goodnight world!!
as long as it's a good one :) lol
YOU GO DO THAT!:) Get Your FOLLOW On Too. #NOTICE ^.^
Us too !!! RT : Heading to the game tonight! Hoping to see slide multiple times!
EOCTs Day 2: Math : Kill me now.
I am not single, nor am I taken. I'm secretly in love with Justin Bieber. Its so secret, he doesn't even know.
Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog - it's easy
Ah is getting punk'd next week :D
I appreciate you so much!! Thank you!! You're a blessing! See you in the AM! Night! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
"The leadership should belong to Aksak Timur; your feet have arrived but, before then, his head reached the goal."
Playing 867-5309 as CJ Wilson gets taken out. Well played :)
Such a fucking rip off
I guess we should make a trip to Australia! :]
2011.08.22 #Brewers 8 #Pirates 1 | Narveson throws well / and comes up with the big hit / in game 1 today
Okay. That's enough for tonight. I'll be back it again. Enjoyed blasting opponents away to some #StraightOuttaCompton on #TwistedMetal demo.
"That brings in the pitcher, 'Sumatra.'"
There is no panic like Trying to press "End Call" When you make an accidental call.
Got my coat on.
15 minutes at 350 degrees does the trick. RT : I heat goggle kitties!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
RT : Cleavage... its like the sun, ok to take quick glances... but dangerous to stare
My dad would always say, "If you're gonna roam with the lions, you gotta be able to soar with the eagles."
wow and flutter
Gallery Night this weekend means Wine Tasting tomorrow night. Interested? 2 reds, 2 whites, 1 sparkling and small plates for $25
Now following
Calm down
It's official! The Brewers Dugout library is now open at YLA! thanks to for their support and for bringing the racing...
Happy Easter! We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to click on the link on their Fanzy page.Be sure to check your pages!
Hey! it's , time to change the world!
I'm always glad when a root canal is over.
Justin: I WASN'T DRUNK! Selena: you said you loved your beliebers more than me! Justin: Like i said.. i wasn't drunk...
It's hot in here. :0
Headed to Gary tomorrow morning!! Excited to get to take out for lunch sometime soon with !! ^_-
does anyone else just eat avacados? <U+E057>
Very nice. Gotta get back up there soon.
Will buy you all a round!
I pee on toilet seats as a guilty pleasure.
We over 40 discounts to choose from!
3 days 20 hours until the next SKC game... countdown baby! yep i'm excited!
:O u got to meet THE Wiz Khalifa?! im officially jealous of u Ariana lol :p
Spartans up 37-27 half that's what's up we are Sparta!!!
i jump on every opportunity to expand my mind and make myself into a better person.
its a lie? Y know damn well your pops has talked hella shit bout you and your daughter, so why are you still backin him up?
I admit it, Paul in second place in NH has me surprised.
Thank you!... Happy Easter to you too! :D
that address does't exist
Checking in @ Getty 4 Family Festival. Perfect day for some beautiful art & fun with the kids.
Can't wait to see you guys Nov 4th in Milwaukee! We'll be playing the side stage for you guys! Hope you get to hear us!
.#Seattle B4 U have your Bastille Day fun at in Market or in Ballard, stop in for Itailan panini
any thoughts or fears about the new version?
Ann Arbor: Give Obama a huge welcome. Blue has to vote blue.
sorry to have been the klutz who spilled a beer on you. Hope that's the low point of your night.
Just left my moms new house. I see a party happening there in the near future lol
I'm going to nap forever when I get home
Owen Wilson Returning to Action Movies with 'The Coup' - Hollywood Reporter
so close i can almost feel it...
Just saw the car commercial with Kickstart my Heart in it. They could've given you a close up in it.
Performance in Pittsburgh at 7: Jeff Turner leads the Duquesne Symphony in Bernstein's West Side Story & Faure's Requiem w/Voices of Spirit.
18. I cant life without my phone.
Prolley not what is it ??
you've hurt us enough...
Hollywood made a movie based on a board game, Apple is making an Ipad mini aka Ipod Touch....Where has the creativity gone?
RT : Self-Care Saturday: Honor your top priorities... if it's not an absolute *yes*, then it's a *no* - Cheryl Richardson
on the way to florida... hope my flight takes off! this storm is fascinating! its almost hard to leave ny looking so purrrrdy!
The call on the field has been overturned a two-base hit.
Catch me with a DJ in Petworth this sat. at Chez Billy from 6-9 3815 Ga Ave. NW it's the grand opening !!
What are you doing for valentine’s day?
Meaning did I live through the 80's? Yep, big hair & leg warmers!
He's hitting .467 right now. Nbd
Chicks are INSANE these days... Idk how guys do it.
Yo is a problem!!
hey I want an invitation to the next event please!
Thank You Trey :)
Can't breathe through my nose and my throat is killing me .. Gotta love allergies ..
I'll be here until Sunday! I'm staying with a friend for the weekend!
LOL Yes my fellow Libra!!
i love you so much austin <33 follow me back please =D
exhausted is an understatement
if women ruled the world, there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
LOVING this weather!
Thanks for the mention !
That moment when you told me you loved me<U+E106>
" Positive thoughts are 100 times more powerful than a negative thought. "
unless you are many children posing as an adult like in cartoons. Or u go to unsavory pubs.
The Easter bunny lives in my back yard.
Oh, yes, I like the idea of creating a natural watermelon or other fruit-flavored snow cone! Obv, should be red & white!
That time of year in Am. Hist...fun site. Jamestown settlement simulation. www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
JJP swept Carrollton creek view in three! Thanks for the support guys:)
I have double steal on here, risky but I would do it
“: That one follower you wish you could fuck.” AGAIN!
Youn, on writing: "I think of it as supersaturating a solution. You just keep adding things into the beaker until something crystallizes."
Did I just read that the government is 63 trillion dollars in the hole? What are those politicians doing?
POTUS: “I want women to control their own health choices, just like I want my daughters to have the same opportunities as your sons.”
Another Matching Pledge from Gilla River Casino for 1 minute.
Highlight of career day: kids asking me to hack their teacher's computer.
aren't toe shoes awesome? Got mine last year.
thanks I hope you are well!
guy went around me in a school zone only to get stuck behind a school bus. ironic :)
God Choose My Destiny Why We Need Tha Jewry Fa
Dreading going to the dentist.
I know you are. Your just cute.
Summertime and the living just got easy.. No more essays to grade...nothing but fun, writing, and travel! #school'sOut
how do u do that??
I think today is the big day 4 bermuda experience. Break a leg, keep up the
good night <3
"Politics"-- The only place grown ass people can act like spoiled, bratty teenagers,,,,,, and get away with it.
Fractional scoring is my preference.
i knowww I love it!! :)
thanks so much ma
#ISupportSameSexMarriage If you are against it, just don't marry a gay person.
Succeeding is about the Conquest of your Dreams, not the Consent of your Peers.
I am extremely excited to spend my day with the likes of and - holy cow!!!!!! :D
no concern @ all...it makes sense since ur airline fuckin sucks. I've traveled many times w u & never had a good exp.
Perplexed? You're just someone a friend RTd & I decided to respond to. It's nothing defying explanation, it's just social media.
awww too cute!
you are very thick headed, no? Haha! Don't worry grasshopper, we will get through to you!
#conservativefiscalpolicy in round 6 - Let's hope Drexel sticks to their liberal policies.
No work today??? Maybe
Down bar Louie bout to crush these hot wings I hope I don't get da runs tho
The #Bolts shutout the #Hawks meaning the #Caps don't clinch the Southeast Division yet
That lady didn't need an exorcist she just needed a good chiropractor.
you are my hero!
Note to self: always hit the save button when compiling election results.
You are amazing! An inspiration to many. Some people may doubt you, but never doubt yourself. You are a wonderful being.
Hi Candace! Thank you back--I'm in the middle of moving so my tweets are a little erratic right now :)
his agent is Cleveland based. That's a possibility...
Time now to do some laundry.
same girl, same!! Moments, more than this, && taken are my favorites!
My mother needs to stop with her insane bull shit -___-
Who's watching some playoff hockey today? Prediction's on today's games?
cannot do, concentrate on what you can do that others cannot.
nothing really just school and work.
Where's your spot
Thank you, grateful & kind students! You made my evening! I'm going to miss your energy & enthusiasm when you're gone this summer!
Nice one sugah
bih musta saw that mountain dew commercial
well, it's only a MIGHT....
Bynum's 7'0 foot ass is out of shape!...quit jogging and get back in D!
promise to keep it 100
Hey , any ideas for groomsman tuxes?
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
Steve Moore taking charge. Literally.
just went grocery shopping ^_^
Oh no! They are so busy pretending they are hip in their sanctimonious fashion that calling them orthodox would get a rise out.
Why do Mexicans love j-walking?
thanks!! I love it
Ron Faris: "Viral sharers of our branded content are 3x more likely to become our customers."
NAB, see you next year, you will be missed. Now off to shoot machine guns in the desert with super slow-mo cameras!
Awesome in every way. Enjoy!
Good morning Mitch!
returns to CNN at the top of the hour on CNN International at 3PM - we're lucky & proud to have her back on our air
lolz only you would think that
yeah I just think I need to stop weighing in on Friday after playing soccer all night on Thursday's or just weigh in on Fridays.
NICKI MINAJ CONCERT AUGUST SEATTLE BE THERE!! I am!
Surely if Egyptian liberals & leftists make enough jokes about Islamists on Twitter, they will defeat them in the upcoming elections.
Silly me, I misread you tweet. Thanks for the hello and Happy Friday.
#BoiseSOC : That concludes the speech and the live feed. Thanks for listening!
DAM THATS CRAY..TELL HIM I SAID WHAT UP IF HE DONT HIT ME FIRST AND I TOOK ALL BEATS OFF FRUITY LOOPS..JK JK
im about to get mad emotional. i apologize for the possible tweets
thanks :-) fingers crossed
Where to find magic mushrooms in LA
Wendy's. King. Donald's
I'm guest hosting in place of tonight. #RTBguesthost. Wish me luck(:
6 kids of 25 are sponsored! Let's give the other 19 hope THIS WEEKEND! Stop by the Compassion table at the Apex campus & talk to Anna
Sending strength & healing to all who are struggling & need a voice of compassion.
Yikes! Hope your Pliny supply is still holding out. RT almost quit my job today- so jealous you have a few days off!
There's this 10 y/o looking girl trying to talk shit to me xD Lemme tell you now little girl, you don't wanna mess with me. K bye.
Wedding planning with my fiancee and future mother in law.
Just saw a murdered out Nissan Titan, looked pretty badass.
i like singing,acting, football,soccer,cheese, and poking things <U+2764>
mlb.tv on the computer and kingdom hearts on the TV. Heartless are going to feel my rage when the Tigers inevitably give me heart attacks
Love the moves the #Yankees made today! LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. Yes, Jesus Montero will rake it, but Michael Pineda AND Jose Campos AND Kuroda? A+
"Truth is always avaible and must be followed in the presence of error even when the truth is harsh and the error is what we want to hear"
Got bass boosting headphones. Listening to Taylor Swift with them....
On set having an amazing breakfast burrito :)
beautiful day outside, work? nah imma pass, enjoying my day off
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
#ItsClobberinTime LETS GO!
I just thought of this invention that makes pens go faster and a new color for eraser
Its simple don't be with someone if u don't love them let alone like them.
If you had, one shot, one opportunity, this is everything you ever wanted, one moment,would you capture, or let is slip
Comet, over on the east side. Diner with AMAZING food.
Seems like ur ready
hey :) old I will
Boy, raising money is tough! How did our hero, the richest Mormon in the world, Mit Romney do it? Maybe we should write him a letter!
One of the best library systems in the country
I am loving all the interaction for #TrendsTues today! Who else is playing? Tweet me your favorite piece right now! xox
Cool! Please let me know how I can become involved in your program. Seems pretty interesting.
Tune into News Channel 3 Anytime or wreg.com to hear about where the Shelby County mayoral candidates stand on issues affecting children.
Darn you economics. Why is learning and retaining new information so much harder the older i get?
check out the perishers! they're my favorite band from Sweden :)
You left out climbing the corporate ladder! Rock climbing ..on rock walls. Rockwell music optional. Finals were in Boston.
I love my new apartment! :)
have good weekend everyone!
I am completely impressed with virtually everyone on the staff at specialty clinics. Kind, friendly, compassionate.
i love you
Fighting foreclosure against widow - escrow jacked up after Servicer pays taxes already paid by owner - $150k equity at risk!!
This photographer literally has a military grade harness system for all his stuff. Dude, maintain.
Saw it for the 2nd time last night. AMAZING!!!
you'll have to asterisk everything you do.
I should just buy a plane ticket right now, right?
I really hate putting clothes away
Try It's #fun, #free and has a ton of awesome features!
so rare nowadays..I've come to NOT expect it
Twisting your son's mind up with all this venomous kookiness...That's sick, Aaron.
ready for week-long training of 4 Grad Assistants before they start teaching the Online Research Lab to 525 students - no pressure!
pick me!
sent an email via the website, or sent one to me directly? Happy to respond, have a wonderful weekend!
Folks, please don't just insert your team name and say "nation" after it. Only one team can do this: The Boston Red Sox. That's it.
sorry man! Just saw this on twitter. But I got your email while I was at work an will respond tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you need a roof to get a job & you need ajob to get a roof... oh what about showers and clean clothes & place to put ur stuff
Tickets for Pop Vs Not May 16th at The Chance in Poughkeepsie are on sale now!
I still think of our Savannah conversations every time I encounter an unusual food interface . . .
Show tonight at Island Grill , MM 85.5 Islamorada fl 8:00 PM . Music by Billy D.
Do I look at all like ? Every time I meet someone new thats the first thing they say
Thanks! I was trying to check and worried that things were leaking out without me being able to see them. It's irritating!
Soccer: Prem: City defeat leaves United eight clear Manchester City's pursuit of the Premier League crown looks to be all over after an
While checking translations of Sartre's "Being and Nothingness" on Amazon, they suggested I add it to -- a baby registry!?
I decided to watch latest episode of bball wives. Bad decision ... #garbage .... Royce & all that damn crying GOTS to go!
Only enough space left for 100 songs on the boat ipod. Please reply your top 5 songs you could not go boating without.
are you taking sydney to any?
maybe ill make the journey up soon
we rocking his music here in NY
Good bro how you been dude I'm living out in Tennessee temporarily
I apparently make people laugh while simultaneously creeping them out. . . . AWESOME!!! Thanks, ! #MissionAccomplished!
Pat summitt was a great coach there will be no one like her
I got a headache :(
We play the Knicks at 1pm! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Marcum: "It was easier to sign the agreement with Twitter to preserve their archive than to know what to do with it now" #cjh -a2i
Can't make it to our tip-off party for the #Grizzlies tomorrow? Join us for the official after party - no cover, hang w/ the Grizz Girls!
A big #FF tweet out to some great followers!
It's hard to pick a mothers say card. Gosh.
ahh you're seeing him!
book that flight asap!
The Colorado Rapids announced today that the club has signed Luis Eduardo “Edu” Schmidt, a Brazilian forward.
Watching American Idol. is the celebrity coach. Bringing his flavor to the show :-)
Its about time you found me on facebook! Oh! This is 400th tweet!
no I am a Packers fan, it's a birthright.
On my way to League City to speak to a great group - National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors
Just finished working out. I ran 2 miles and biked 4 miles :)
It’s always a party at
Come check out The Last Troubadour with us tonight at The Underground.
The day is getting long! We've shot almost 10 interviews for Dr Mark Van Stone's book. This has been a great experience.
do you gurl.
Some days I do things that make me pray that whole karma thing is just a myth
: Check out this Twitter list: /prettybiebzswag
Obama pledged in 2008 to cut the deficit in half before the end of his 1st term. He's raised it higher than ALL previous Presidents COMBINED
thanks hunny bunny
Thanks for the retweet! Chicago's time to shine is coming! Bluetooth Low Energy is going to disrupt major tech markets!
Breaking News: 8 people injured in a shooting at a car show in Kent WA. Details to follow
He looks like a champ
ill be there soon.
you know what i mean
in our parent's time
a little awkward.. But whats done is done...
any predictions on levy??
working on my solo album this year no more free shows and getting on niggaz songs for free me first yall last#$$ movement
ok hes living here now?
#Scandal time!!!!
If you see an Andy Andrews book other than the Noticer you would be my heroine!
“: that's true!! Lol” You only pack 2 pairs of underwear?
Sixers have this, and it was nice to see pierce not fake a wheelchair injury. Another POS
haha pretty much!!
SCHS strikes first! 7-0 just a minute in.
I finally got my head together, now my body is falling apart.
Or Betty White in that Snickers commercial.
just wanted to say Your awesome.. Go WildCats!!!!
Enough with the Joe Pa talk he's not dead CVS Sports posted that he had past but took out down minutes later stating it was false.
When I think of you, I don’t think of tomorrow. I think about forever..
OUT OF CONTEXT.... RT : Plus, I'd have to buy a new crotch afterward. Still. So tempting.
Good point.
In the studio with all that stuff in my face that makes her a Diosa.....they aint ready
oh sure, throw ME under the bus.
I am simply smitten over him..
i guess its just me & my dough!!!
Great 1st Q from the #Sixers let's do this!
illuminati meeting. Topic of discussion: World Domination
I hate those comparisons too!
your tweets about church and golden dawn make me just want to be home already!
hi, tonight the rest of my band couldn't make it, so i'm going to eat my drumset for you all.
Hey everyone! If anyone got anything weird from me I apologize, it seemed my Twitter got hacked into. It should be okay now.
View was ok...atmosphere at the MadHouse was better
I assume that last message and this are direct and private. We will see. Jc.
Definitely Going To Need the Water proof Mascara Tomorrow )':
#kiddori was first released as an iPhone and iPod Touch app last year.
No! Maurice Sendak died!?
"Wrigley North" can die. If anything it's Miller Park South.
I've always wondered if there was something wrong with this girls face.
Had very long work day and it's still not over for me......
<<( happy birthday morning all
To get something you've never had you have to do something you've never done! In other words, change your ways!!
Good day luv!!
A good cup of coffee makes the day ease in nicely.
You are welcome!
goodnight everyone ! :) xx
our site gets hacked AND coyotes spotted in the dmv on the same day? can't be a coincidence...
“I want ’s Immortals XBOX! #ImmortalsCOED<U+2033>.
#ilikeyoubecause you are you
MOOSE LOUNGE IN LINDENHURST FRIDAY NIGHT! We go on at 9 be there!
Haha, I don't know. It's weird to hear compliments about it I guess. Whenever people say they like a song it makes me happy :)
. appears to have a good start on a theme song for the EDUCAUSE 2012 conference #EDU12 "Que Sera Sera" with different words ;-)
by the way....congratulations on a successful BB season! Good job coach! They should have given you a week long vacation!
What do you when a man is too serious?
I thought of you. "God Save Our Shoes" doc sez average US Women have $9000. in shoe equity. Hah!
#pinkchampagne and #pinkmartini get my vote!!
I need to be I a jungle or something
#Warriors, see you tomorrow at 11am for #MMA #Conditioning!
Warm ups finished. Puck drops in five minutes on fresh ice vs. Delaware.
arriving at dfw for trip to spain. thinking and may be on my flight. business class just got a lot better.
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, January 2, pm
im I'm east lib at my cuzzin house
cool! Need to decide if I'm sticking with birdsOfAFeather
Ha, intense. Shit really sucks. I have that kind of luck too ):
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!! Now on : "The King and all his men." Thoughts?
Im ready for this new mob wives :P
I remember that quote... | MT : “Education means you can be what it is you become without having chosen it” - my professor.
I've seen people put salt and pepper on cottage cheese, which struck me as odd. So go figure, I suppose.
Any tattoo artists want to come do a guest spot in Albuquerque the first and/or second week of April?
Back from my children's author visits in classrooms from PA to NY to IA and back to Cleveland. Just in times to see the Cavs implode.
: Today is the big day...Are you ready?!?! Yay Us!
I gathered that.
Think about the products you consume...they're probably all niche-specific. Don't be everything to everybody...Specialize for more business.
I'll be there will beads, er, bells on! :-)
The newest footloose is an amazing movie!
's office unveiled a new website this morning to track savings associated with their reforms, www.reforms.wi.gov
S/o to all the chicks who aren't real mothers 99% of the time but are feeling themselves today! I see ya!
Yummy and Free (#glutenfree too if you choose!) Win them on our site www.knowledgesafari.com
all i can say is hard to go against Kentucky, but Kansas is more then capable to smack that ass
Being DD is not fun
We had a great morning with the “big” kids, ! Ask them about the "paper-bag" story they wrote…
hmm...we would have to find some serious coupons. Just had to buy an alternator :(
He's Alive and I'm forgiven! :)
well make yo self go to bed
Lol you gonna pour me one?
Will there be a full investigation of Penn State? In a culture of cover up, were other violations hidden?
good man thanks RJ!
I know i am like stupid late lol but yes she's getting big she really is everythings great hope the same fir you
you're beautiful :)
My new chinese rapper name is Gucci Lo Mein
SHOCKING seeing Tiger miss all these approach shots... How about Phil 9 shots better than TW today? 3 yrs ago inconceivable
I guess I'm stuck with a size 12 in the Concords...
#WW fun, thanks!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 16
slipping till midday today.i like this bed
#IfIWasDatingOneOfTheDirectionBoys it would be Niall . Because hes such a sweet heart (: And hes is kindhearted<3333
Thank you Gerry! You're the cat's pajamas.
don't be #texasemo ;)
It's not my fault I'm the shit
ill be at cloud 9 and winner circle tonight :)
Just booked the first instruction session in anthropology for as long as anyone at the library can remember. Hot damn!
Reporting for Toyota World Convention in Las Vegas tomorrow, exclusive partner web cast event!
thanks for your support in our upcoming fundraiser May 4th! Please follow us for updates on our event and clinic!
Hey. When you have some time, let's chat 1) INFOGRAPHICS and 2) QR codes for biz cards. I have some ideas to chat about.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton
So many amazing opportunities have risen, doors have opened and dreams are coming true! Pretty soon it'll be time to celebrate!
I dont have to be skinny to feel pretty because there is someone out there who will love me for me <3
Tuned in #kodm & heard Q&A. Hope next Q&A will have Q's use mic -- heard loud and clear, others no so much!
Nite Dex & mum. Just got back from a wedding reception. My cousin's daughter got married a few months ag.
And I ain't on on stalker SHIT but I rather chase money bitch
I'll co-sign on that hashtag!
Trying to come up with a new poll for Glasstire, unsuccessfully...
We had a great #CincoDeMayo!
yess no pacers grr I'm gunna fail the speaking final -_-
If you're taking your mom to KFC for Mother's Day make sure she gets more than a wing. At least make it a two piece.
Man does not live by bread alone. Moses
Great thanks to for involving me w/ final presser at Dove Valley. We have written many chapters together my friend!
Labels irritate me. I was reading so-called adult novels from the age of nine or ten, and even now I read novels considered YA.
hahah you're dumb :D
Your profile picture looks so gorgeous!!!! Miss you girl!(:
My bf returned from 2 years overseas in iraq&afghanistan right before I met him, cuz the war is "over" now he should be safe~
“: Look at the stars, look how they shine for you .”
bridge over trouble water, ice in my muddy water.
I haven't voted on the S
I can't find my pink highlighter!!
Gig w/Alan Pasqua & Peter Erskine @ Alva's Showroom, San Pedro, CA last Sat nite was killer. What fun! Place was packed & some old friends.
“: #Leos are super protective when it comes to someone they care very much.” very true <3
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I just signed up for #prezi and creating my first prezi.
Thanks bro!
If I ever see Emmy Rossum in a subway, I may faint or ask for a picture with her.
Thanks for the follow y'all! FYI we are in Milwaukee on January 20th at RED ROCK SALOON!
"South Carolina is too small for a republic and too large for an insane asylum," Petigru publicly said post-secession. 'Twas not endearing.
lmao . I gotta get my feet done my shyt look they get stepped on everyday
When The Going Gets Kinda’ Tough…The Kinda’ Tough Call Mom..
Don't let the snerts get to you! You just can't fix stupid. Hugs.
Bennis Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
I'm loving the Bravo-esque #30Rock tonight.
FortWorthDaily thanks for following me on Twitter!
I'm so proud & happy for my bf having his college paid for. <3
Let me get going. I haven't been attacked by a troll for awhile; I won't be surprised when I come back if I've been sneaked up on.
I CANT BELIEVE YOU JUST PUT THAT ON TWITTER
Next season on glee: Texting and Driving kills.
Happy mothers day to the real moms out there
Wow. I'm disappointed in that kid. :/
Bye dude
thank you, cole, from dropping by! was a pleasure to meet you...
Today it does!
Nothing like starting my Sunday morning wiith a commute that entails a T to a bus to a T to a bus. Glad I have my caffeine
hm miss you.
Yes, wrong. Have seen this slogan for years. Still wrong.
still so proud of you Em! I know how tough a big move can be, I've had a few of them :).
Hello back from Chicago!
school's out!!! (I think)
Thanks, it does suck to fall on ones fist. Plus side, I get to take a break from work, no pun intended.
Got an 28 out of 80 on my surprise APUSH practice final.
Restart, back to 1
VINNY PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I'm up already. Got a long ass day ahead of me.
Betting on sports games make them so much more interesting.
Thought a flash mob would involve a lot more flashing and a lot less dancing :(
I need more followers. Would you mind to help me gain more?
Now the secret police are coming...
A fully loaded supertanker travelling at normal speed takes a least twenty minutes to stop.
Huddles (the mobile app) are text-based, not video.
I don't compete. I'm more of a spectator. Super fun to watch others play. :-)
this iphone gonna creep a bit(:
yes sir. This is my home and back yard.
Sorry, no.
The nap I just had <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> >
RT : You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. —Wayne Gretzky
College softball roundup, April 29 - Mason City Globe Gazette
I wish I had a CB radio so I could bug and .caravan to tulsa!!! I had candy for breakfast!!!!!!
Holy dick, cotton mouth.
To find in ourselves what makes life worth while is risky for it means that once we know we must seek that without it life will be valueless
will Joe air on your BBC World News program this weekend?
Cross: 10 yr pause? CFO: Compound interest is the worst! Allows us to catch up on front end. Rahm: Fair to current wkrs too! RI did it.
TONIGHT at Mingles Nite Club..Truth Tuesdays! LIVE music! Hip Hop and R&B. DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT! Come sign up for friday or next tue ...
thanks! I'm always out for the approval of you through twitter.
Thanks, 1000th Follower!
cool! Could even just be a short 1 day thing if that's easier. What's your instagram? I am Paul.jh
these guys are great!
hey, I remember that line! King Priam said that to the retarded Paris lol Troy's like one of my favorite movies
With names like Pants on Fire and Stay Thirsty, it was hard not bet on 'em, but my trifecta picks are Dialed In, Mucho Macho Man, and Sodat
Thank you!
you need to find balance in fighting for how the world SHOULD be, and finding ways to live in the world as it is. Pick your fights, people.
yeah me too lol
My nicknames trending, " Bambi " Aww Yeah!(:
THIS LAND IS MADE FOR YOU AND ME
Because Vick isn't throwing enough INTs...“: Eagles signed rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris (Miami, FL).”
Cheers to the NFL Playoffs! Is your team competing today?
congrats on Ebony! Woohooo!
that's awesome thanks so much for sending that pic!
RT : One Direction suck dick
It was awesome meeting you! Congrats again on your book! We will have to meet up & hang out sometime soon. :)
A real bitch pussy is always moist....wtf needs ky?
ill look it up!
number 5 with a bullet.
I'd make a lousy paparazzo. Saw a new R8 GT with 2 blonde girls in it. Thought the driver was SMG. Realized later it was Lady Gaga. Oops.
Milwaukee wins! 105-99 final score Ilyazova with his 2nd 30 point game in the last 3 games. Now one back behind the knicks
Let's go
"they may take our land but they can't take our FREEDOM!"
I need a lover :(
Hey, lol! In my defense, that's my Daddy's fault!
Life's a series of instances and to live each, is always to succeed.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 66
Ok who's at the softball field trying to shoot there? #MHCCIM #needtogetpriorpermission lol
“: My little brother has a girl voice >.<” lol all bad
Or don't tell me what's bothering you.
I am so pleased and happy with how this season of ended the right winner was crowned #teamsharon all the way
I cannot believe today is already #ff! Thanks and #followbacks to and - top notch.
I have no strong feelings about llamas.
sorry I dream big and I'm going to make history <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Remember that picture I took of you on a couple day ago?
no I heard it and I'm explaining that having a job doesn't exclude you from the 99
Right... like you didn't show your purple triangle ID or something? Some ppl just have a negative modifier on all gaydar rolls.
Beginning in Feb, I'm offering #Acupuncture in Park Slope in addition to Manhattan. Acu can help with #anxiety and #emotional disorders.
But when u do get mad. U can be the biggist bitch.
Today is the one day the devil thought he had won... Tomorrow he finds out he's a looser. We have the victory. Thank you Jesus!!!!
why are you do fabulous? Love this (you know how much I like sparkly things)
I'm looking at them, and I'm not impressed. Also, the labor that creates those ipods is treated very poorly.
Thanks! Yes, bike will be good. Luckily today is a rest day anyway!
it's my bday I think I can get away w things just for one day :)
ME EITHER IM WATCHING IT ON HWERE THOW! <U+2665> sorry for caps lol [:
Having a throw-back day at work today with James Taylor and Rod Stewart. My mom would be proud. (Hi Mom! Thanks for the great music!)
follow back boo
I read in some ancient writing somewhere that tweeting will get you more followers.
Hahaha! I have never met anyone who doesn't know what a cookie is! Lol!
Taco Time’s Santa Fe Dressing is lower in sodium, calories and fat than the Ranch or 1000 Island.
Tried out Cafe Bar today for brunch.....
whats up, buttercup?!
RT Monday #Quote "I don't know what more you can say about a day during which you saw four beautiful sunsets." ~John Glenn
#MMchat Companies are recognizing power of the 'employee brand' and employee voice
Yes, false dichotomies are legend in educational analyses
Designer DonJ gives away limited addition collection Jacket! #NashaRashaNYC <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh, no problem. It's the truth.
She's such a whore! She talking to someone and dating another. Bishplease.
I tell ya, is no joke! Wish I could find one like her in SF!
I love k-pop so much omfg no one will ever understand.
yea I don't know what's going on, its working for some and not for others ( cc: ) RE:
follow me!?(:
Snow on the ground this morning and forecasts of 60 degree weather later today. This is why we love NM!
Cop pulls man over for suspicion of drunk driving. Cop: Sir have you been drinking? Man: No. Cop: Papers. Man: Scissors, I win!
Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game .
sure would. Kthanks
Beforethecitadel Designs Go check out Justin's design page. If you dig the art hit him up and get something from him. Cheap prices!
the Harvard baseball team did for it what Jersey Shore did for Enrique's "I like it"
Happy Birthday to mom!! With Love, China's Fans!
Angry Birds :D Oh Yeahh¡
Is Coming Back To New Jersey
When you become aware of 'reflex' judgements you are making- then you can begin controlling it.~ Then watch how your heart opens up.
u know wat makes me mad when yo friend invites u to go skatin and dosent tell u when we goin and what time we leavin
wonderful pictures, thanks for sharing! happy weekend! :)
Cant wait till the Midnight premire of Avengers!!!
i shouldnt have manage my anger. people should just learn how to manage their stupidity
I'm so happy for you!!! Congratulations!!!!!
Yes, I think some are, especially if "not a writing teacher"
I cant believe she actually agreed to it oh well its not me!
no, sorry, not sure, Eric
we'd be living the dream, especially if we weren't sick. :/
Here's a special for the peeps at #SMCAustin Summer Social - Buy 1 shirt for $20, get the second half off! Chat us up! :-)
is speaking on boosting your online brand w/ today. My pocket watch says he is speaking right now!
I want my daughter's wedding to be like this! first she has to find a prince, though. :)
WE the consumers & voters have a right to switch products/services, so long as Free Markets thrive. Beware Gov that inhibits those freedoms.
So seriously I need my spot back, the kid in front of me keeps farting
Dude nice! Have fun bro!
enjoyed your #crs class today
I am definatly going to have to do this one day... :D
congrats all the same!
Ha ha I just watched that one. You have moved your way on my list of favorite dancers. Straight brilliance, I subscribed too.
The fish oil comes from pure, deep-water fish in Norway and sent to the facility in Vista!
The plight of human beings is that they do not know their activities lack the support of thought, reason or judgement.
Just left #dmbistro and WOW what a session on Learning
Big Think interview with Clay Shirky: via
I love TED! going to listen to this one.. Thanks!
And I know that you're all shook up, from a terrible relationship
the shoes are MINE!!! hurray!!
FBI agents arrest a Vancouver man for sending threatening pkgs to members of Congress. Neighbors react at 10&11.
Feeling so sick. want to stay home but i have to go to school. ugh thanks mom
Sandwich Emporium is opened till 10 pm....Have a safe and fun weekend!
The police are looking for a thief with one eye Why don't they use two?
*flips back to Gospel Pandora*
Anniversary dinner with the hubby! :)
Virtual Carl DeMaio did not anticipate my question.
Happy nurses week to d hubs and all d great nurses out there.
size matters.
Thanks for the RT! Have you been watching #10FBTips webinar? She has tons of great tips and quotes!
do you like Little more than Walther? I might have a better flex play than either of them and might be choosing between them.
Chicago Cubs championship history
well is creepy. Take it from me.
GPISD new foray into choice has lured kids out of private schools. 2 new gender specific MS open next yr. Plus CTE-centric HS.
Gotta love The Brassy Bite, tacos galore!
Envy rots the bones and suffocates the power of your own story....
Give me your amps and speakers
A friend of mine has front-row center tickets for Broadway San Jose's performance of "In the Heights" tomorrow night. $167.50 for the p...
i give up lol im frustrated as hell
If You'll Lie, You'll Steel, If You'll Steel, You'll Kill
Gonna go sleep before
Ijs....what good tonight where err bodi at
"Train insane or simply remain the same." Good motivational workout quote :) GOODMORNING
Ahaha. I know ! Like fb is the new job opening resource page. Lol
Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds. It's pretty weird, guys.
Having a blast with "The Dirty Joke Show" at Hooters Casino. Come out. So many jokes it's not even funny.
In life, you often get "brownie points" just for showing up! So SHOW UP, and start there! via F<U+2665>ck Fear event! Good stuff!
Thx for RT the other day. Used to work for #corpgov mag & would be interested in learning more abt BDTI
I wish I was naturally tan ):
Feeling the same way, only I have chosen Mastodon. \m/
strange bedfellows.
Absent that, just take digital photos of EVERYTHING you can see.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 24: Know the boundaries and follow the rules.
Im about to work on my site www.sausemagazine.com
There's so much left to see, but I would rather shut my eyes.
If I had a super power it would be to make anybody who is upset happy.
Trying not to let this spring forward thing throw me off - doing some work at Starbucks today. Let's be productive!
Let it be known. Kettle cracked pepper chips do not agree with my taste buds. Ew.
the lakers have been in the league since when? Of course not. That doesn't even make sense lol
Sound of Fashion was off the chain last night! Tyrese, Elle Varner, and all the great designers and models got down!
just voted in the election!
remember you can come live with me
Day 1 of Whole30 started! Excited for 2012. Happy New Years to all my Twitter friends!
can you follow me? (:
Tonight is the night, we will be tapping Marin Brewing's 3 Flowers Rye IPA, Great American Beer Festival Gold Medal winner 2011!!
yes! I also got contact details for the electronic access person, who I might reach out to next time. Thanks!
$12 nosebleeds and no security for the lower bowl.
It's super hot today. Damn.
So jealous!
I didn't get the Nordstrom scholarship :(
48 followers in just a couple hours... two more....
As cities grow, they consume less. There are less gas stations per capita. -
To achieve results that exceed what you are currently experiencing you must change your actions
it's warm not hot where I live !
I totes would right but i'm like here nowww):
Headquartered in Albuquerque, NM, #Linton&Associates serves > 160 employer groups & over 700 individual clients. Put us to work for you!
China's Le Vision acquires Expendables 2 - Screen International
you are an amazing dancer! And so pretty!!! :) please follow me thank you :)
I like to play chicken in my car everyday, and when i say chicken i mean "try to make a left hand turn in the City of #LosAngeles"
We are currently seeking talented, musicians, bands and entertainers for #cruiseship #Jobs around the world for more info visit goo.gl/uMtnz
What else is there to do RT I gotta get dis money
Does anyone have a tumblr??
We know that the state of the economy runs parallel to the state of health. (continue)
Last poker trip exp - food $49, gas $35. Next trip for Foxwoods deep stack extravaganza or their Thanksgiving tourneys.
Gov says time is now for lawmakers to take leadership on stadium
Lets Chill
“: Mad #hipsters in banana republic right now, not a good vibe right now”......um aren't u there right now fuckin hipster
Thx so much for thinking of us! Contact Helen or Dorothy @ 310-204-4669. Have a great day!
hell yeah, I do!!
the games are going to begin-- trust me-- it won't be nice!
oh she thoroughly modern millie
where's Speedy Danni?
Jimmy fallon really has a tv show? Am I the only one the doesn't get that what so ever?
what would you do to not be bored
When You Have Time Please Follow Me Back It Would Make My Life!(: Thank You Vinny You Really Have Inspired Me!C: LOVE YOU! <3
no kidding.
Excited to start working with and on the creation of the next big thing!
Whatbout us with regular cars?
Is Syracuse Orange bowl eligible? Their record this season is (5-4, 1-3 Big East).
had to tweet that out as SB. Wouldn't wanna short change any of the Santa fans ....
i feel like imma be in this library 4 a min
is impressive. Great to see class act at number one. Good stuff.
Armored cars don't look nearly as cool as that name makes them sound.
Excited for TV tonight...Michael Scott's movie premire on The Office.
This dude singing in the Cathedral Parkway station is giving me SO much Aaron Neville. Wish you were here
Toney needs to be in the D League with Jerome Jordan. He just sucks.
Kendrick Lamar is too real for a young nigga.
Bush, Palin, Cain, Perry! Intelligence obviously not a requirement for the
Look for our sweet deal on mamapedia.com live on 1/1/11! www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Yeah, I know. I'll be up.
Hi hi back! How are you?
We aid to navigate you towards a program perfectly suitable for you. Online college education will earn you a superior livelihood
Will do! So excited to page through that book...
We would love to! Happy Tuesday!
Interview today for a new position at work. I really hope I get it! Keep your fingers crossed for me! :)
let's not forget I have your facebook
Carlsbad Police loves visiting Australia team. Guess someone in the office is incorrectly dialing international numbers...
Fox 19 news all the way forget all the other news stations
It may be that the world never changes too much, and only the mechanisms by which things happen change.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you!
If the world exploded you wouldn't know about it for 8 minutes.
I forgot how much I don't like you
#scusemesir can I get a little elbow room? Kthanx.
What do your parents think of cannabis?
Great pic of Hong Kong; I highly recommend the bubble tea place in the White Star ferry terminal.
The more you check where things are made, the less you wonder why the U.S. is hurting. RT to support
RT When a guy likes you... he'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
8 pitch first. That's called efficiency.
Our team made it through security without incident! Gonna grab bfast
Your son is ashamed because he probably wears Hoodies - I thought we were through with this absurd double standard?
RT : Waiting to get paid, fuck I'm sleepy. Big shout out to DJ Rene G for comin out and spinnin that old school booty n freestyle!
Hey folks, while you're checking out my blog post could you see if the link to the ARENA pre-order page (on the right) works? Thanks.
Sweet!! RT : In honor of our 10th anniversary, #happyhour is extended til 9pm ALL MONTH!!! Come and get it!
aww man that's lame haha
“: Happy Birthday... #StaySober! silly!” Thank You! :-)
Never fear of getting hurt, never fear of being alone. Never forget you are beautiful <3 you're
honestly, it's a blessing in disguise. I was a few clicks in to a "just one more link" wander around the web - I have hw to do!
i fuckin hate when you cant get them off of pop bottles it pissess me odd
In magnis et voluisse sat est - To once have wanted is enough in great deeds. (Propertius)
Not saying shes ugly but she went into a haunted house and came out with a job application
Beautiful sunset. But why am I hearing birds chirping at sunset?
As close as I am to Mexico, my desire to go back is less than zero.
going to sleep is probably the hardest thing for me because i can never find a right sleeping position.. aha
Thanks for your support!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale, Henry & Houston Counties until 04:15 PM
oh my god, some asshole gave out my number to random strangers and I've been getting fucked up phone calls and texts all night.
Doing that for my old phone for my daughter. Let me know how it goes.
I did but it's no help.
Ah what a great day of training and gym time now gonna eat like crazy and relax
RT : Just got done with one of my #college fantasy #football drafts.......pretty
To all the UNC fans out there... It's kind of sad how that game came down to one guy from Ohio missing one free throw.
oh yeah? How so? (serious question--they made it sound like the books will last)
thank you again!!!
It seems to me only one way to get pregnent while on programs have unprotected sex
I got some free mp3 downloads if anyone is interested! www.myspace.com/djnlyte812
Sumer time, when the livin' easy
Hm what to do, what to do...
May Mike Wallace Rest In Peace. Thanks to him for all he brought us and his service.
no its
We will miss you and your music!! I will use my pod as the replacement tonight!
I like Meg Bellinger's metaphor of an digital ecosystem rather than a blueprint. More relational.
Is #museumsport contact or non-contact? ;)
Congrats! Wonderful news! Happened to me too, but five years ago. Trust me, we're still reeling!
well he was doing well with the pirates...and the bam...smh. Im droppin him lol
I think we need to give Shaq 100 percent credit for keeping the #NBAonTNT show fresh w/o Kenny/Chuck.
I think I handled the situation well, given the circumstances....
Happy birthday! RT Hello, it's my birthday and I'm 21.
CA women are watching ’s vote on SB 1338. VOTE YES and improve access to repro healthcare!
Um NO
i dare you to say lol five times and see what happens
Not likely. We brewed Nutty Brunette once in house. Tap or bottle? Probably Stacked Milk Stout.
Triple 9 ointment zaps the itchiest and most festering skin spots with crisp coolness. And when you turn the bottle upside down... it's 666!
I can't keep doing this. I must stop before everyone else starts.
: will be contacting you for our celebrity brunch fundraiser in 2012.
I know! Who knew "free" could be so nom yum yum? =0)
patent it. quick.
Mail form and check to the address at the bottom of the form. Thanks!
I am going to see the Hunger Games TODAY! I swear!
email! How've you been lady? It's been far too long need some chatting time!!
There aren't a lot of cartoons like this - where it's kid format with content only adults would truly get and find ridiculous.
Attended an amazing session yesterday w/ some creative & brilliant people in the arts community. Wow!
#Kentucky gonna get this win
come on
ah I got it. It took me a few, and I'm not even stoned. #naturallyslow “: 4 and 20 blackbirds baked in a pie. Get it?”
aheem wrong person ;)
Time to do work
was here :) love you tashy :D
Dear NBC golf, the feline in the red shirt is 5 SHOTS BACK. Why are you showing him????? smh
"Mommy" is probably my favorite word in the English language. Besides "galoshes" of course, which is just fun to say. Happy Mother's Day!
Ohh cry about it ( ;
Couples dont passionately kiss by dangerous airplane propellers anymore.
Get us to 50 followers today? Help us guys<3
At work...I didn't get much slee last night. I think I might have insomia.
There is a new braid album? So weird.
You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing you shouldn't be.
aww thank you (:
Weed killer on the lawn. Not real happy about that, but creeping charlie sucks.
“I don’t think I can think of a greater evil than what we know as the human slave trade” Gov Kasich on creating #HumanTrafficking Task Force
i swear......FIX THE GLOOMY WEATHER PLEASE.... :'(
Overcast today. Looks like for some of us the drought is over.
already done laundry, made breakfast, cleaned the dishes, and now I'm about to do a core work out. good god i can be productive this early
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p (Uruguay vs Peru)
Yes! Thanks so much. Great stuff. Kudos to Lee & Low. Keep up the great work -- you make such a difference for our kids.
is the most incredible hit on this planet! And he's all mine! :)
plenty of LOL moments tks to my friends on my (personal) facebook!
is on anchor duty with the ABC 7 News Morning Team. Wake up with us at 5 a.m. I know there are early birds out there!!
Day 1 of my directing debut was fantastic. Especially after I realized it was my job to say Action & Cut!
I've always wanted to spin around in a chair & say: "Ive been expecting you..."
Favorite quote displayed at AVAM: Humor is but another weapon against the universe. -Mel Brooks
I sometimes wish there was an synopsis feed because dang do I have a hard time keeping up with all his tweets in my timeline.
Good Morning Everybody! Happy Tuesday from SPI!
#HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie Have sex with every girl you like before you die
Exactly... had lunch with a potential client yesterday (now an actual client) - set up by him sending me a LinkedIn message
Saw your #Fanographie pic in the SBJ this week, good stuff! Hope the event went well
next time I'll give you money so you can buy it. ((:
And AppleTV will see a device update and not much else. Probably smaller size. I predict it will still be a letdown, but hoping I am wrong.
yehhh. Miss you bro
I have mastered the art of trolling.
Interesting situation in #Wisconsin politics re union. Is governor backing himself into a corner? (Per MSNBC)
The sun makes me sleepy lol
she got BUSTED
Talk about taking it up the aft...
message me on fb!
Needs coffee!:(
I hope it is training on some fancy new weather graphics.
I'll ignore you if you say "swag" more then one time around me.
Value to visitor drives strategy - & Mobile Strategies for Art Museums
We were closed Monday but BACK TO THE LAB WE GO! We remember all the offices of military that fight, fought, and died for our freedom!
Ok, that's turning the game around. Walk off coming.
I'm starting a list of people that are fake as fuck. Once you make the list there's no getting off.
you're welcome :)
thanks so much! I miss you too!
Masoli with a huge run. Oregon taking it to OSU's top run defense.
To him you can go on and on about stuff... But with me you never wanna talk....
Best TV channel in the hospital has been TLC, so I've got gypsy weddings, sister wives and plucky little people on the brain.
You should watch #TrueBlood. You will like it. I'm predicting that you'll like Eric
good luck tonight..
Sine Die => Without a day being specified
RT : The gorgeous will celebrate the grand opening of our new store at today! Sweet
Hey, not yet. Maybe you can DM me the email address?
That time when NPR does a story on Call Me Maybe -__-
add me pin:28E1C83D
fightin brandon powers OFF SCHOOL PROPERTY DATS LAME
Yeah I'm a strait guy and a MAHOMIE! And people call me a queer! All well I'm still a 100% MAHOMIE ! Nothin can change that!!:D HE'S AWESOME
Gotta get some clothes clean for tonight. going to the fights then the after party, gonna go kick it with urija fabor. anyone want2go withme
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E337>
The second half of that is not funny! RT Morneau getting wrist checked in Twin Cities & Drew Butera on way to Anaheim
I FINALLY HAVE AN IDEA FOR TAYLOR ISSUES!!! All I can say is, Austin and Becky MIGHT be a couple or MIGHT not see eachother for 2 years
Thank God you have E.T. fingers. I was convinced you were perfect. Lolol Ok maybe you're still pretty close.
. Wish I could tell you that, old man. Well, yes, it does get better in a way. But then, the no-sleep period starts.
is obsessing. But at least she has the day off tomorrow.
no babe
u were so amazing tonight so happy :)
If you block someone on Instagram, does it tell the other person that they've been blocked?
Pounded a chicken burrito bowl & now I wanna pound some vagina birth canal
CALLED 50 TIMES STILL NO AWNSER!!!! I JUST WANNA TALK TO U!!! :/
Hey UB STUDENTS! is a professional business fraternity known for breeding the best business leaders in the world. Where are you?
Holiday Inn Town Lake - What fun tonight! Didn't know when I got a room that I would go down 7 floors almost in my jammies ;-)
He participated in the capture of Nuremberg, after which he helped discover Dachau. He saw boxcars full of bodies.
Promote me!!!!
come on you taking to long I'm bout to get off this shit DM the #
9th #SDCChiHack is Social Machine, which makes buying from vending machines a social experience
Judge me if you must. It's called mistakes. Don't pretend to like me.
What we need is world pizza..
without u my life becomes black not white all the world has no hope no light Icant go left or right i lose my sight oh! where r u my glasses
I've just hit another hill where I realize how *little* I really know about computers… need to learn some of everything.
Joe Welinske closing keynote at
ok...i mean i don't know how good it is going to be because I've been practicing it and I keep randomly singing it
love your pic. Could I use for online developmental English course I'm creating?
Only third period?
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man
1st Component of ethics training: provide ways for employees to get advice on ethical issues
I need to reread that when I'm home! It's fascinating to see how the underrepresented communities can create power this way
Phoebe is deaf, so she was totally taken by surprise when mom hit her with the car.
Are you signed w/ ? Then you have a dance day coming up on April 19th. 10am - 3:30pm. Tons of classes Check emails for more info.
I hate waiting
Our first agreement! RT Walker signs bill allowing DPI to revoke licenses of educators who view porn at work dlvr.it/xNjKd
So forgot abt me :(
Crazy how many former Sonics players there are still on the Thunder.
can't you feel my heart beat keeping perfect time
your already ripped ;)
Just got goose bumps watching the shuttle fly over the Capitol.
Can't wait 2c & my kids! We r speaking Hills 2morrow nite in Knoxville if anyone can make it!
If you're too big to serve, then you're too small to lead.
like she came out of a drag queen horror film.
We've got the Milwaukee Mandolin Ensemble here next Monday night at 7:30. All ages, no cover and 1/2 price bottles of vino!
I'll have the mayo
0-2 tonight... K.G. playing like it's 02' and Lakers looking like it's 07'... terrible close by Lakers...
RIP Steve Jobs (February 24, 1955 – October 5, 2011) One of the greatest entrepreneurs that changed the world.
setting up a strong board of directors..WOW.also gave some good advise on how to get $ for the time involved in the action..
Gavin Rossdale is making his way through the crowd at and everyone is going nuts.
Ya of course! :) Just look up Unseen Beast we have two pages one you can add as a friend and then one you can like!
Thanks, Marc. Most of my research so far has been newspapers from a specific era, but now I'm looking for context.
Does the Pope tweet? Someone just said they think he does!
On Catalina island for burning woman and putting on my neon.
It says "Everyone loves Owney," which is so very true!
I just saw Ron Artest's (I'm not calling him MWP) elbow and he's probably done for the season (incl. Postseason). Stupid move...
Haven't been to the SPCO before? They are offering two free tickets - but you have to sign up by tomorrow! thespco.org/firstconcertfree
im... Mr.Highly Expected...
Your motivational tweets are motivating me to kill myself.
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK THE WORLD CUSOTM APPAREL
RT : 0 Bankers Were Arrested After Purposely Crashing Our Economy. Nearly 1,000 Arrested for Speaking Up Abt it
bummer. :( just shot you an email via your about.me.
It's time to step it up a notch. I'm done playing tag. Moving on to push... EROCK
If water is the new oil, the Arctic is the new Saudi Arabia
how you been babe
mT : "There is no perfect candidate." - #PalinonTODAY.... she should know lolololololol
#1stFatTuesday will be FIRE tonight so dnt miss it! Everyone gets in free till 11:30 and $100 bottles of EVERYTHING all night long!
ISTE has been one big party of extreemly motivated teachers trying to move education forward and get better in what they are good at!
good mix and the right spices are key -- too many take watered down and flavorless.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU TWEETED ME ALL DAY!??! UGH!!!!
guess I never paid attention. Thx
let me know if you want photo or HD video coverage.
I hate how rental DVD's don't have special features.
THANKS for the mention of our "Ramp It Up" exhibit=compelling stuff about a sport that is important to Native youth.
lol i didn have anybody to be muh bus buddy this mornin :(
first #hockey game of the week in t-minus 81 minutes :)
I'm sure yall let a nigger stick his finger in ya ass while yall fuck....lying hoes
Are you guyz ready for school!
Happy Easter twitter ppl.
I am feeling very gruntled today.
I'm here for my tour
What is air? What is life?
You make everything possible (:
Go Behind The Scenes Of Skyfall With Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem And Berenice Marlohe Talking Bond.
nothin much...just had a thought...
I didn't actually realize but I haven't seen the last 3 or 4 episodes, but I did luv it in the beginning
Turkey soup....Turkey salad.....Turkey omelet....Turkey sandwhich.....what else?
The Born This Way ball needs to get its ass here a little faster.
haha no it was horrible !
What's ur favorite band??
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th. Get calendars ready..more info to come!
Kimmel really knows nothing about foreign policy though, makes dumb comments about Iran and Israel.
Aggressive Much?
These guys talk about literally nothing.
yeah i've heard those guys are good. maybe i'll try them.
U must really think my middle name is stupid...checks birth c.. hell haw so u got me fucked up...
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers"
All #Packers fans, follow me and I follow back
Working out and cleaning have been dominating my life recently.. And I like it?! Oh my, am I becoming a health nut? <U+E107><U+E107><U+E107>
A-B-C-D testing - don't discount the platform's effectiveness until you've thoroughly explored all the options and variables
U got it man
Great night with my babe !! <U+2764>
Phenominal. It tastes really good. I had 3 so far in between meals and my work out. I feel Great!
Back To My Music
Happy 5, Twitter - you have certainly dragged us kicking & screaming into a strange (& briefer) new world!
Training at tonight!
Pallet Town started trending? I love San Diego right now.
is that so
"I was being paid to perform&frankly crack doesnt buy itself" lol Bobby Browns response to why he didn't stop performing when W.Huston died.
Omg I love that movie! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Alex Pettyfer is my boyfriend!(:
yes, your tweeting skills are #beltworthy!
My pops is 1 country mufucka...
4 months without phone service. No follow up. Still getting bills. On my 8th call about it.
I never tire of listen to the Beatles or its members after the breakup
Thanks 4 the follow!
Sorry about your Hawks but I liked the fedora. #GoChargers!
"Femnazis: Doctors are Fascists and chauvinists" Next: More proof Obama is a CommieNaziSocialistKenyanMuslim.....
95 dollas for this weave plus tax BOW
I know. Lol.
The Adult Learning Center is busy signing up new students for the spring semester. Give us a call to register!
The DBacks consider a 6-0 deficit a "shakey start"??? Guess I need a new definition for drunk!
yes,it is love
Whats good been busy getting ready to bust out our newist creation were raising the bar for all you that wanna up your game!
Ditto - great to meet you and look forward to continuing the dialogue on #bizforum. Cheers
i love youu :)
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
that shit wack you need to get on that cash out
Scone + cookie = scookie new & delicious only at simply sweet shoppe try one today!
Shout out to my boy he bout to be a twitter beast I see your tweets homie straight comedy.........
Another beautiful sunset with cocktails in hand at the Ol' Grove yacht club. Happy weekend evry1.
I'm confused as to why Demi Lovato is on #xfactor...is it for the teen audience?? What has she done?
Haha true I just assumed we were still shopping TJ Ford daily even if he's crept back from JOB's doghouse.
Pardon our dust; we're remodeling our dining room this week! You can still get your fill--we are still doing deliveries and takeouts!
That's what scares me. cc
#Bills Stephon Gilmore will help as a starter in their secondary, getting help from the upgraded pass rush of Williams, Anderson.
I thought you guys might like some spoon. good times!
don't any of my neighbors work?
Ok all, I'm out. Still waiting for your Android app recommendations. Night!
Sometimes I just want to fucking kick my brother in the face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
So important to understand the shades of gray in #SOTU. Oil and milk are fundamentally different; policy response should be too.
it was nice seein u the other day!!
Bogans isn't even with the team. Come on Van Gundy, get your facts straight.
love the Twitter handle Bernard! See you soon for a Crush
Streaking on the main printer is never a fun way to start a Monday! lucky for us we have a great technician at All Copy Products
Which neighborhood bro? be safe!!
hahahha pull it on Howard
I love when the actual definition gets used. RT Paul Pierce Tebows. He threw a horrible pass, I mean.
Tomorrows delicious feature will be Southern Sweet Potatoe Pie! If you've never tried it don't fret bcuz we have samples! :9
Breakfast time @ the Hudson cafe
that sucks :/ are there more dances you can go to or is this the last one?
I got A-1 everything !
Never say bye cuz u don't now if that bye when u say bye is like saying bye forever always say brb bbl ttyl or something !!!!!
sounds good! wish we could really do it - would like to see you out there
So cool! Thanks so much for the follow!! I love your work Beautiful Lady. =D
The harmonics are like a slight feedback that comes through the vibration of the turntable, stylus and record.
": FACT: 83% of today's #teachers plan on teaching for the rest of their careers. #ThankATeacher"
can I have the bubble gum :)
Bread pudding gets savory for dinner - Newsday
Help need to be reviewed through yelp.com please comment about how delicious my cupcakes are I am know located at 7130 harding, 33141 thanks
ALL OF THEM
Watched "Melancholia" last night. Feel-good movie of the year.
I think we might have a tough time playing at philly but they'll fight for it. It will be a good game. Looking forward to it.
Here we go. JCSU vs Chowan 3pm Time Warner Cable Arena! Winner moves on to the Championship! #GOLDENBULLNATION STAND UP!
Another day in the beautiful Florida Keys...who wants to come and play?
Thanks Marilou! Have a FAB day! :)
RT : It wasn't that Romney on his own assaulted a gay student. He organized a mob to get the guy.
Where is the bar you speak of?
#music is there anything better? There is no greatness greater than a solid tune. Well played Austin
both are! If #ncaa, #ioc or companies are profiting then athletes should be paid or comp'd w ACCEPTABLE means.
wardrobe change for the little fashionista, am wondering what will it be!
I <U+2665> HATERS BY
Stress will do that to a face, unfortunately. :/
you go girl
Thank you for FF
What the hell is going on with Brian McKnight???
Just checked out n nobody's ready to leave. But we r wore out.
Lol by saturday night it'll hurt just ta pee lmbo
There has been an outbreak of "loose" for "lose" & "waste" for "waist" in what I've read lately. These things keep a nerdy poet up at night.
When your Teacher Gives you homework N saids "do Them all" N someone saids "the Back to" Its like "noo you do the front Twice" - ElsieJazmin
At the hotel
- what are your thoughts on it? Good idea? Bad?
hope I helped out bro
yes we do have a 40 passenger bus. What we do is work with clubs and restaurants in north east Ohio,and set up private events
...but the same prof's use of *2* chapters of another book w available print copies and substantial C licensing revenue *not* fair.
Parents were kids once.......but they still dont get it!!!
nothing much in my way home to cook dinner
I hear you've been looking for a workout buddy? I could be your girll!!
Lol rob startin some bs lol Salen y'all dreams an shit but we On my way outta town !!
is singing "How sweet it is to beat the Duke Blue Devils!" Way to go Bucky and gang!!
This just in: Steve Guttenburg rocks the blond mullet in Don't Tell Her It's Me. No irony, just truth.
RT Sick video blog put out by for 144. Check it out
Pete that is awesome!! I hope they can get more books!!
making cupcakes with color swirls > homework.
My last tweet didnt even make any scene, but you know what i meann!(; Lmao
I must be doing something wrong
After you get back home from a wonderful vacation on the islands, what is the one thing you miss the most about Hawai’i?
KIm just sick of stupid as people.
I was just on an airplane and I was reading a sky mall magazine! #SkyStoreMemories :)
This dude is killin me... Tuna melts for lunch
Why isn't the opposite of the function array(), disarray()?
I know :( Great! Yes please let her know we are open Monday-Saturday!
Too cold to take off all your clothes for a massage?! NEVER!
“: you know you are the kiss of death!!” - method 2 my madness - I picked BYU...
Just wakin up to sum kush in the air n The wood playin on tv
You just made it a better one. Thanks ;-)
Post-conference planning will become easier in the next twelve months with standardized decision-making tools.
Just noticed; your twitter profile picture is and one of the smuf's. Kool (;
send a letter of what you propose to . We will get in touch. Thanks.
Was your cake good?
#BOYFRIENDReview Your voice is killing me in this song!! love u J!!!!!
#SloPigMke was fantastic! A great follow-up to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today! Well done everyone! Milwaukee rocks!
Compare KitchenAid KHB100ER Hand Blender Empire Red Sale - blenders kitchenaid
No money... Good thing I don't do rides. (;
unfortunately so true
& I took the #Wonderlic test today. Find out how we did on sports central 2nite at 7:35.
I call him "Gary Woods" every so often to honor the memory of what Harry Caray would have done with Kerry Wood's name had he lived
I hate shin splints
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Yayyyy!! Glad ya like :D RT Tampico is the best juice lol
not us i hope.
My brain hurts. That music theory final was tedious and tricky.
This Girl asked my aunt you don't want people to cry at you funeral do ya, she gone say ion care what they do cus iAint gone see em noways
like the fun dip sticks!? Ha
I hope yall both do ;D
i dont really like to go to god and pray about every little thing so i use twitter as a diary and let god deal with other
follow #lldv at SXSWi -- it's a panel on data viz. really great thoughts and examples.
Would you consider a brief discussion about the merits of using audience's mobile devices to better communicate with talent?
Thanks to you both.
Yes, it was very relaxing! Hope you enjoyed yours as well :-) Talk soon!!
For all those applauding Lebron's "sick" performance: as I recall, flu-like symptoms couldn't stop Dirk Nowitzki either.
RT Looking for a new writing topic? Look, absorb, and listen. Ideas are everywhere!
Develop #success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~ Dale Carnegie
There's never a perfect time to wait for. All your hopes/dreams/desires need to be attended to now instead of holding off for a better time!
is also useful for taking down the blood pressure after reading AUTOCAT posts
Dear Twitter, any tips on shaking second-language-speaking skills out of hibernation?
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh wow. What this world has come to... Hahaha :)
Told 8 his stuffed pork chop was "yak" and a delicacy; now he's eating just fine.
ill break down and cry.
Adam Levine, Melissa Etheridge, Raquel Castro, Beverly McClellan & Jared Blake are trending in the US!!!!
too late I was touched when I first saw you in the 90s as a kid check my tweets thank you 4 being my musical light
Pa victim :)
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 2-3 ft knee to waist high occ. 4 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
#database analyst needed for multi year contract. Expereince with SQL required.
LOL OK OK SORRY
so good seeing you at the Sex in South Beach launch party!
Am I the only one that didn't drink or do drugs before 11th grade, lol. I feel like everyone else started between grades 5-8.
Happy #HumpDay #Miami! We'll be off the road at a private event today. But we'll back with you tomorrow at Meals-n-Wheels !
Who would you dress up as?
haha sorry for butting in on the convo
You'll notice we edited a line. Apologies if it, or its deletion caused offense. It was an imperfect analogy.
Boot Camp Officially starts on Monday! MASSIVE ACTION IS AWESOME! Get ready world, your about to get your toned, sexy bodies back!
Been on a Crochet marathon today.
Good morning Sydney. Soon to be good afternoon, Adelaide.
time to open a competing Clam Tans next door and profit.
I just met Jed at the Engage breakfast this morning. Where are you!?
Come out to finn mccool's tonight in santa monica for some great music by our good friends from 9-midnight!
You are not my mom. So you can stop talking now
“: did you get my address?” yessir, you should get an invitation in the mail by next week
Hope U all had a GR8 Thanksgiving Day! Here's 2 a fun wknd of holiday shopping ;)
lol it is what it is
:-D RT : Amazing 2 me how a smile can change a cloudy day 2 sunny. Truly 4 me. Smile at someone 2day... just because.
I'm not sure it was like from a month ago. I think it was Fab Mello from Cuse!!
I never forget that, God is always there
When you wear a common size, going shopping can sometimes be pointless... My Struggle.
Need to start twittering and bloging more..been slackin!
It's 97 in Vegas.
I Actually Wanted To Go To Weightlifting Today !
that hole-digging skill must come in handy for all those folk needing killing :)
Perhaps I've been a bit hasty with it, Mike. :-)
You know its something important when 7 out of 10 TV's at the gym, have Obama's face on them!
thought growing up were exciting when I was kid
After receiving so many amazing donations, www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com will be handing out Goodie Bags until 4 pm each day of the show!!
It will be interesting to see how many people will snub me now that I'm no longer "the guy from the paper."
What am I doing here? lol
and life goes on what does it matter in such of subject?
Helpful Anawalt gardner liked my Mo shirt. Just gave him earful of Movember info:-) He was proud to say his checkup is this week
Well, we survived BOOST and have safely returned. After School Products had a blast. Pics to come shortly...
I realize now, that you weren't my first love. You were just my first heartbreak.
Frozen Four! Ski U Mah!
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Hoping this works out in my favor.
LAST DAY OF CLASSES :)
Bucks game tonight, excited to be back at the Bradley Center.
I'm selling at College of Dupage today, Shower of Crafts, 425 Fawell Blvd, Glen Ellyn, IL 60137. Sun. 11-4, see you there!
I don't think U can end bigotry. Part of human condition, like ethnocentrism. Even Sam Jackson votes for guy who looks like him.
They can also sign up for summer camp at City rec centers that will host camps.
Wowza!! That's awesome :)
Yep. Or the Russian/Belorussian one. ;) Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub. He's earned it.
opened up data from 230k projects to crowdsource insights from their audience. at
sick as a dog again....thanks to daycare! Miss NC only one week away! yes
I love being retwittered... or is it"retweeted"? Thanks, Tom!
: web archiving is large-scale synchronization problem; most difficult for resources that are large or change frequently
thanks nice to hear from you
“And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.” ~ Abraham Lincoln
you will very soon for both
So, you too have seen "Two Girls, One Cup" RT : I have seen the sickest movie ever made
u just need to get a zero then lol.
Nice! It's always good when you discover the magical drug early.
are you going to the game tonight?(: I can't play but I still wanna sit next to my benchbuddie<3
sitting here talking to Smallhead:) u doing some work?
Oh geeze! You as well!
Come see us today for brunch!
I just saw William Shatner interviewed...he's 80?!? Had no idea...talk about some plastic surgery. :-)
yeah, then i saw the coachella performance. i also thought that i might have been able to shoot the show, but no press :-/
Summer where did you go :'(!
This will go down as the weakest superbowl sunday in years
Will you have green chile bagels and green chile cream cheese? That would be incredible
Happy Birthday to the greatest mom. I'll keep your age off social network. Here's to ## more.
Thanks for #FF!
On 5/22 come to Scotty's downtown and listen to an education conversation with CH Academy principal and Exec director, Carey D. $5 donation
Look at Tina Fey glamming it up! Loving the burgandy Oscar dress she's wearing just wish the top was a little more interesting
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
And the same to you Sacha.
to see you this happy, is truly happiness for me :)
God is Good
Yes, the world is creative! Are you a painter or a programmer or something magical in between?
How are you gonna tell me
I love how the sun shines on your face, beautiful one
Hm....probably need to look into that. Have someone else reading it as we speak too.
yeah :'( I'm off tmrw though!
I'm an activity grrrl, are you?
If only I went to bed this early when we actually had school.
follow me back
Okay, and I'll be Santana?
Very nice and congrats!
Thanks for checking it out and the kind words bro, we appreciate it! How are things across the pond?
And she has,the silliest laugh its so funny :)
Thermovex=<U+2764> of my life!
Really enjoyed the recent article on the NYPD spying on Muslim student orgs. Keep up the good work!
I already knew he was gone win
Learned so much at the #SACRPH conference today about the two cities I have called home. Such interesting stuff.
Miss Luci looks adorable! Hope you and she will be happy together.
Never be easily replaceable.
10 hours is a long enough day for me. But such great progress!
Two Shootings and 25 #OccupyPortland arrests. Tune in to this morning for all the details!
Spy Kids, #WHATTUP <U+270C>
Huh? Seems like a pretty quiet night around here.
... A's = worst baseball team I've ever seen. LMAO at " under .500" .. You win a game to go 2 games over ROFL
soup of the day : Jameson shot+PBR
I think Im follower #2 RT: : -well I think I'm follower #274 :) welcome to Packer Nation!
: Teen years are hard ... gotta keep pushing forward! I Can Do All Things Through Christ Who Strengthens Me!
For this year's Best Of issue, our 17th, we invited 34 of our favorite South Floridians to list their top people and places in the area.
But why did this nigga on the train just get shut down by this girl lmao
Also, tells me my tweets have been depressing lately. (Just FYI, I did figure out the future of reference, & ppl sort of listened)
Is juice feasting also anti-angiogenesis? Bravo for your gustsy, inspiring approach to life transformation. Thank you.
- A kiss from the director, only $3.50 - why didn't we think of this! #webseries Whatcha think ?
Thanks to those that voted for the underdog and also to and , the Giant.
Everything we hate about the #flyers we are currently doing.
#Azkaban is my favorite of the series!
last night was amazing!
AfterOverNight Traveling we finally touched down
About that, doesn't that mean there will be three games nobody will see instead of just one?
"How u getting doe n u ain't got notn to blow, fuck outta here Joe blow"
Really dreading this "social"
High School Amber just pointed out that the jeans I'm wearing are 'like, so five years ago.'
Slept past 1pm for the 5th day in a row. I have a feeling waking up at 7:30 next week is going to be very difficult.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
I seriously can't wait to see the boyz on ABDC this week ah <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I hate getting into things that have already started, that's a disadvantage. No thanks!
Please follow two great nonprofits working to find a cure for #Cancer! ---> and
yes, bear with us for a little bit as we improve the UX :)
wow. kobe.
Braun says there was never a medical issue or any STD.
You never know how great LA is until you're gone for months. Great to be back home!
songs that i didnt know lol
it might be possible for my shoulders/abs/leg(s) to be more worked, but it is up for debate.
Do you think a theme built on thematic would sell any worse than a traditional theme?
is not making me happy this morning and I don't even use them anymore! Glad that I'm now using
Steve Earle - Tennessee Blues - 09:26 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The Professional doesn't count because she was 12. She was great as a child actor. Now not so much. Just vapid.
where to? I'll meet you there
I'm so grateful right now its crazy
Just saw the woman in black with Greg. o_o
I was prepared to love you. Never expect anything of you.......
U just said more than a mouthful. I just hope u dont have 2 find out the hard way like I did. Clean house ASAP sista. 100
That awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing. -_-
RT : Just had fascinating discussion with v large firm whose call volume increased 40-45% during Win7/Office 2010 rollout.
So glad I saved those NEA forms from the last time I applied. Good to have a map, so to speak.
Good morning Coco
Brandi Carlile at last night was amazing. A great night of music from the most wonderful songwriter and live performer.
Who could I talk to about catering an event next week?
Got the iPhone 4S today. I still love Android but goddamn, Apple makes polished products.
I'm gettin Back to my Ways.
Can you tell us the title of the children's book?
If I Was Your Girldfriend , Never Let Youu Go ! ^ . - # Follow
Are you avail at 3:20? Could meet then...
Thanks so much again for the interview & giveaway!!
We can be body to body!!
- that news actually surprised me.
sad example of material goods valued over human beings. RT The value of life gets less and less everyday. Very scary.
this kid uses #hashtags on like uses cocaine
Hi followers how u tweet me when u get this mwa
RT : Before the #NCLEX, locate your test site! Look up directions and do a test run getting there. Keep rush hour traffic...
Told my wife I would rather burn the house down than watch Tiny Furniture. Too extreme?
Monsters don’t need implants or a bitchin’ Monster car Monsters only need to love the monster’s that they are
I've come to terms with the fact that I get no respect, albeit from a distance. I can't get one person to ride with me full-time musically.
Fly over any remote stretch of forest or marshland. There are still huge chunks of this world untouched, unexplored. Great possibilities!
“: My mom made yahoo!”<---LOL! I'm gonna go look on yahoo now!!!!
The PayPal issues w/ online voting are resolved & voting for your favorite Mrs, Miss & Miss Teen Int'l contestants has resumed!
The team is exciting that's for sure, good things seem to be coming
All I want to do this summer is go swimming, buy new dresses, and lie in bed listening to old CDs. Definitely have the summer vacation bug.
just dropped aj green for deion branch
what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Beyonce on Giving Birth: I Roller-Set My Hair And Wore Kitten Heels To Hospital
Thank you very much. We appreciate the compliment.
#SJSharks Capitals Captive to Sharks' Triple D
#museums have lots of cool content - how can leverage that to create apps that compete with what's already out there? Ideas??
she is the best! Give her a couple of years and I want her on Team 3.
Happy hump day!
It isn't until it is, you know? Most grad students never feel the pressure of grad tuition, because it is forgiven.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Too bad your sister is still in high school.
Thank you for following us!
I know. Feel bad for them now
#JustSoYouKnow that i don't care wat u think about me if u say im ugly shoot! i don't care.WATNOW!
we do not have a show tonight
The show is about to begin. Keep your eyes glued to #SMBAustin for detail about this mornings event.
"I always stop to appreciate myself. Who doesn't? We all have a reflection" -BiLLY BRiCHiTT (2nd T is silent)
Highly recommend "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at theater on Navy Pier.
I did! I'm annoyingly redundant like that.
and I are such losers. we're tweeting eachother while we're sitting next to each other.
What's Wednesday?!!
Trying sushi for the first time!
I vote for Moscow After Hours
13,000th tweet, holy cow. I'm going to use it to say that I love very much and your grandmother smells like moldy cheese.
you are so stupid
that convo went to the left...back to the regular programming!
RT DONOR wins BEST OF THE FEST! Big congrats to , for amazing acting 4 producing!
I hate fillin out apps on line like wtf! Paper is just so much easier.
“: hihihihiiiiiiii syracuse !!!”tell Syracuse, Boston says HELLO
I have an excuse to curl up in bed and watch tv all day
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, NO!
No lead safe at Coors Field.
On our way to Disneyland yay
Happy Birthday !
I look good AF when I come out the shower dripping wet! My skin look smooth n silky n u can c the curves I purchased <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Ever since I got brick fair I never look back there
And his first 3 yrs???": uh, okRT : Indiana is back. Crean is a great coach"
Hey! Thanks! Glad you like Social Pros!
haha yay! and no problem! nice meeting u too! please tell ur friends about my stuff!
oh that sucks you will still be Huntsville longer
Hard life you've got over there
So excited that Sat service will have full kids program. C u @ 9 2morrow!
have to create a new AIM account because I sadly can't remember the password for my 7th grade screen name... #RIPBarbrie27!
i love me some kenyon martin.
I gotta download Jadakiss new mixtape
Bout to change my @ my name
On the air LIVE on Shirim - www.wcuw.org - Music of the High Holidays until 10pm EST
Join us for all day happy hour Sundays!
WHY?..EVERYBODY CAN FiT iN MiNES...
I'm at 450 :P can u guess who I am ??
I haven't decided yet lol
The only good thing of havig a class in da auditorium Is u can go walk around and they wont realize how Long u left for
We have to be sure to connect again. I have #glamwiki US schemes to share with you! Also looking forward to seeing you in Indy!
Want to start a beer nerd band called [Alpha Acid Overload]?
At this hour here's how NW metro senators stand on stadium: Bonoff, Rest - Yes Eaton-lean Yes Limmer, Latz, Olson - Undecided Kruse-lean No
92.5 on my mechanics of materials exam. That's 3 As and 2 Bs :)
Smug hypocrisy
your walls must be paper thin!
Back to Zeitler and DeCastro quickly. The fact they were both gone probably caused #Ravens to trade out of Round 1.
If you haven’t already made your reservations for Mother’s Day w/ us, you better get a move on! Call 7188527800 for your reservations!
great photo! thank you so much for sharing it!
Ordered a standing desk today for the office. So, with that and my new white board in doubling down on geek.
The #SnowMan population has more than doubled in the #NorthWest since yesterday.
Avengers is looooonnnnnng
Do you think the threat of terrorism is as great as a couple of years ago? What country do you think is the biggest threat to the U.S.?
I'll gladly follow any human following me from this account. Hit me with an @ reply for one more follower. :)
nice smile.
I like Kobe Bryant, but I don't hate you if you don't.
you're going to overpopulate AU with your peppy tours!!! :O
miss you too girl! Sorry we never got to chill when you were in otown =\ when are u going back
"Endless love" you and Diana Ross
I hear ya. Quasi-reverse trip
Council of Graduate Schools' Debra Stewart: Support from both sides of aisle for graduate education, new research on career paths
": #Libras hate being surrounded by negative people, they'll always do whatever they can to escape.".
The realization that you are standing all alone for first time in your life
Now that I'm working ill be keeping a cleanly shaven face. Its a nice change, I feel like the good guy without hair on my face.
RT : Umm, which is the right answer? // The first one you pick. Because then the other will be left.
"eww, your girlfriend is dirty !" - me "i know idk what to do" (crying voice) -nigga lmfao, "dump the hoe" -me
Count me in on customizing 's face :)
Anti-heroes: because good guys have less to redeem.
We know you can do it!! We're excited to see what you'll do and you can always come to us for help! It's a lot of fun!
Wrap up your work week with FREE coffee if you pedal to our stores between now and 9am!
ready 4 worship @ th nursing home 2moro I LOVE the seniors I get way more blessings from them than wat I give back :) blessings
Apologies to for listening to my Machiavellian scheme and the reasoning behind it.
June 19 - 21 I will be presenting my HFT Safety & Performance Curriculum at the National Coaches Convention in Indianapolis.
I do. :) love the violin. Majestic!
Thanks for the #hatchShowPrint RT. The exhibition is really cool, artsy, retro, and hip!
I feel depression.
I get all of it myself, mostly free by standing around team hotel in Toronto. Have paid for some, mainly the older players.
what a day,
Ah! Love that song! :)
Working on set with Freddie Prinze Jr. all week. :)
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!! Kisses from me to you!!
Crap I want a pickle
somebody go and report back! RT : Free Gyoza and free dessert today!! Free Ramen is only 5 days away!
It's not just North America that is finding itself very much in demand for its unconventional energy sources. Learn more...
oh lol we are just going to mess around, I'm going with my cousins
": I'm sorry the young ones just don't do it for me anymore." I'm attracted to older men... idk what it is!! Lol
SoCal beer geeks! Try out this great Norcal brew! RT : Just Arrived: Odonata Saison 22oz! I'm their first SoCal account!
YOU ROCK! Thank you for all the Mentions!
I didn't know that wow!!!
qtg Blackwood's: The difference between the mental qualities of the sexes is owing, we apprehend, far more to education than to nature.1850
I know! It's usually the helicopters that are stalking us!
This is my own #Quote, When you step on someone elses toes to make it to the top, be prepared to have the same toes broken on the way down!
the bottom of my hair really isnt highlighted lol like its still dark and if so they look bad ill jut dye my hair after
That's a first. Just got directed off of 43N via the Locust Street ON ramp by one of Milwaukee's finest.
nice man...congrats on wrapping another project!
Abelle reviewing safety materials on plane: are ALL life jackets yellow? Sharks are attracted to yellow. Just in case, be calm as you can
Working on updating our media kit--with our expanded advertising opportunities, I'm trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in
Aww 's message to the troops >>>
is headed to Myrtle!
Geezer Gallery seeks a full-time gallery space. If you have a space or a lead on a space for us, please let us know ASAP. RT
I would in a heartbeat
You are a human copy machine.
not feeling good?!
GUCCi MANE x TRiCK OR TREAT..FREDDiE HAD THE SONG STUCK iN Mi HEAD WHEN WE WAS CHECKiNG EACH OTHER..WE TAKiNG Mi CAR...
I know... just messing w/u as u multitask! RT I'm tweeting all of this!
Watching the newest episode of Punk'd. is flawless.
And you're entitled to that opinion, my friend!
Sadly, yes.
Rain! Yes, We Need You, Badly. <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
All of this has to be a joke. I'm a fucking idiot.
hates having nothing to do at work -__- and twitter on my phone still doesnt work
i think he jus got out
AH so is official?!!! SO EXCITED FOR IT!!
Ponder Takes Control Of Vikings
In New Orleans for Academy of #Marketing Science. Check out our books, meet our editors & learn about the flagship journal!
Are you following us on twitter?
Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal..?
#tacomac just did a bait n switch on us. Called ahead, now here & no tables
What a Sunday! #tennis -> #nascar -> #pga oh my!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13
Omg..week 2 of our new workout and we have have #noodlearms once again haa
alright cool, I live on Sahara and Durango now so I'm closer to #LVAC . Do you ever go to the one on Jones and Sahara?
Hungover & Hard Up
Saw your forecast 2nite. 39 degrees is not too cold to worry about covering flowers (if already planted) correct Matt?
No seriously guys. I need a co-owner. Anybody want to co-own?!
Is favre a good starting QB for you fantasy team this year??
Not a cop in sight at the capitol
haha that's good!
Looking to follow the panelists? Here you go:
you licked your havd and put on my face.!!!
But snow white isn't Disney :) it's an accelernt
I am so jealous !!! Ran out and forced to spice it.
Good Morning <3
Indeed. RT : I dislike the attire/look of the caddies when the players are expected to look presentable. Looks stupid
Really like get over ya self, u ain't the shit no more... Ya Dig !! #beenthere done that
happy birthday!!(:
Being homeless is not intentional! Help those unfortunate, it helps you have a good night sleep. Try it!!!!!
The premiere of my violin-harp sonata went well last night, and perfect strangers told me that they loved it. What more can I ask for?
SCENEOKE TOMORROW SCENEOKE TOMORROW!!! Catch us in tomorrow's RedEye's Best Bets and see you there!
Thanks so much! Come back and see us soon!
are you going to get it?
The pope banging on a locked bathroom stalldoor "I left my badge in there!!!"
I wish it was a surprise bc I'm way too distracted lol
#DWTH that dance was amazing!! <3
The Natural Bridge - Silver Jews
should've hit up off the grid at fort mason. Great weather.
RT : Deputy Sec. Merrigan: For every dollar spent in SNAP, there is $1.43 back in econ activity, helping farmers across country
Or lose a game!! RT : Hockey is the one team sport where one player (goalie) can single handily beat a team!
RT : Help us reach 2000 followers! Follow/RT for your chance to win a $100 AMEX GC!! Winner announced once we reach 2000!
Gota work in Cripple Creek tomorrow. Then off to Denver for a Jager staff meeting at the Grizzly Rose. Sunday Drivin'
my mom watches it haha
BANG BANG
Hey sweets!!! Feeling bettah??? :)
Has it gotten moldy yet?
Looking forward to the brits tonight!! :D
Gizmodo: So far, the best thing you could say about Ikea's media center-TV centaur was that it came with an appropriately
other than the sauna, I think we had the same taper plan :)
+1 RT : This boils down to Good Useful Actionable data ,with a specfic goal/question to be answered, SIZE irrelevant
Watching a new # let stay together
the end of the semester at least means that faculty are too burned out and buried to cause IT any headaches!
it took about 4months and i feel better than i have ever felt. #mpnation and #shredmatrix & #assault are Tha Truth
I wanna go to Baldwin now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> lol
I never knew love could hurt this bad.. worst pain that I ever had..
"We must alter our lives in order to alter our hearts, for it is impossible to live one way and pray another." --William Law <3
¤ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading. Quintus Septimius Tertullianus
- Merry Christmas, amigo!
Martin Luther King Jr.~ Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
They say she's a dime,..I say she underrated.
Munching some fresh cherries that I got from farmer's market. Really yummy and 1 cup has only 80 calories + they are very high in iron.
I don't know why people cryin bout lebron and kobe all I know is they are never even gunna be no Jordan
Need help with your ebook: www.bluebookbuy.com Has all the info you need to do it yourself..$$$
I'd love to go skating.
Im a MakeUp Designory student in NY looking to shadow or assist makeup artists or photographers as volunteer
On the Southern zodiac, it goes: hog, mosquito, bobcat, gar, hound, cardinal, bullfrog, earthworm, crawdad, copperhead, opossum, spider.
Oh my gosh, me too! I love !
The NY Lady Rebels are still having open calls! Email us @ to be given a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!!
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 16
Wow, ok
Happy Birthday!
It's five o'clock in the Mountain West Time Zone! Trying to figure out where to grab a bite to eat ... so many options!
I am somehow three members. I just forget and pledge every round.
cabo!!? Luck dog
Good karma has been on my side lately
Startin to feel like summer
I only saw it twice, didn't even really like it, but I'm the same way.
I almost wish Santorum would have stayed in the race longer.
Hmm... I don't have an iPad withing my reach at the moment, but I know we tested and had no issues. We'll look into it asap.
loove twilight:new moon:eclipse.
I'm in town from the east coast & will be @ the #uawow in #Denver to stop the GOP's
Responded to VACATE @ 1583 Washington Ave, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I'm Never Putting You Down Beast Bestie ' <3
PHONE WORKS!!! HMU PEOPLE
I. Hate. You. Peter.
lol I haven't needed 1 yet but I'll b needing one pretty soon lmbo!
Braun just launched a ball over the left field fence. BOOM.
GIRL BYE !!!!! U BETTER GET YO LIFE LOL
just finished your book. Loved it & got smarter. Especially liked all the references to the Madden game.
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. -Aristotle
Almost every character in TRANSFORMERS 3 suffers from the Disney school of highly caffeinated over-sensationalized preteen acting.
Got the new Facebook smart lists feature. Didn't do that bad of a job putting people in the right spot.
D1 Blues defeat Austin Huns in a hard hitting match where the game was decided by forward play. 1 week off then of to Cali for round of 16!!
Revolutionary Cleaning - Let Us Help You Make Life Easier With All Your Cleaning Projects
always been dope wrd to when i get down there i gotta met him i used to watch rize everyday ,even caught myself tryna krump
Your going to Dollywood tomorrow??? #What?? I am too!
Good morning Y'all ! I'm at my work place and let me tell yoo nothing better to woke up and taste a fresh hot coffee !
If that's true, I'd expect the number of the crying infants and excitable children in theaters to decrease. It hasn't.
I JUST GOT A JOB OFFER FROM A SCHOOL IN SOUTH KOREA WHO WANTS TO CELEBRATE WITH SOME ALCOHOL?
We follow you!
3) The only challenging thing about these games is trying to play without spamming friends or spending $$. That's no incentive to spend $$.
I never even go to the second page of google search.
yes definitely, when's their arrival 11am?
I hope you win tonite =)
prob run into u again lol btw wasn't tryin to be rude just not about to get lost when my girl had my keys
just get over it and tell me.
On Camera and Scene Study start in 30 min! Hollah.
!!! Turn that frown upside down.
I can't tell; is that a recommendation or not?
What an unbelievable week. Lots of projects happening and lot of potential for even more. Happy Friday All!
#bieber all the way to Atlanta
Never Say YOLO if your using it as an excuse to be a hoe.
Oh my.
RT Its funny how a song can describe how your feeling better than you can
Yes. We wish Maj-Gen Mood best of luck! “: Short-time loss for Norwegian veterans, but a great officer for a difficult job."
Haven't tweeted in a while
On a field trip with my daughters class.
The Jazz Half is still full-steam, August has just been a CRAZY month on the homefront. But no worries, JH is getting back on track!
Cannot wait for #MADMEN tonight. It has been way too long!
Odysseus is lawful neutral? For serious? Dude is like the O.G. Trickster.
Chi is awesome...as usual. Love it here. Detroit?
Two words: Bell Bottoms
#MyFavoriteSong ~I'll Be By Edwin
looks like he knows this was a mistake. Poor kid.
hope you feeling better<U+2614>
What is everyone doing?Nothing?Ok! You should totally show us to your friends!:)
Needs excitement #sassy #Winning #actors I would like a yes. Or just a "hey you were great"
I want Charley's !!!!
My grind is crucial
For those of you who are followers of , I have changed the name of to
Going to my parents' for Xmas - it's always fun to be home & taken care of (someone else to cook, help w/ the kids etc.) You?
Money wont make you happy but everybody wants to find out for themselves. Zig Ziglar
Could Robert Pattinson play anything BUT a vampire? Betting now that he ages weirdly.
omo ikr wow about his muscles^^
We haven't won yet, but it's one step closer to the equality we all deserve
lmao im selling mine for 40$
Singing soft is hard....
Big shout out to my parents today as they celebrate 29 years of marriage. I love both of you very much
*smiles, says quietly* im gonna grab some tea & stuff and go for a walk. Ill be back later *leaves*
I'm going tonight!
Just woke up to my weenie dog Chili jumping all over me n biting my ears.. ANNOYING!
Not a problem anymore! RT : i was forgetting what you looked like!
is a bully who pushes me off the swing & tackles me on concrete
we're slowly working our way that direction. Arizona currently. (& east coast: Boston & Atlanta.)
I wear my normal size, but some people have had 2 go up 1/2 size
That's right! RT : Just went to mtg on CA initiative labeled "campaign reform" but really vehicle to kill
whats up dude
awesome. welcome to yoga :)
I still taste muchas gracias in my mouth.
Sweet. You've got connections!
The bomb dot com v2.0
I know exactly what you mean.
Woah! Dance flash mob last night during the Polynesian performance. Did anybody get a video? If so, please post.
IF Left news media has tempered their bias 4 Obama, there r still kisses aplenty fr his core entertainment industry devotees
And so ends the nerdiest week since I've been out of school. Lucky to be surrounded by such engaged global citizens...my friends!
Also, 3 out of 4 of the companies I've worked at since college are key reasons why the bills exist in the first place.
Leaders in medicine assert that, “a postural correction is the single most valuable thing you can do for your well being.”
Did you know - our board char Dr Francis Price does 1% of the cornea transplants in the United States?!
wonders why we have to pay Dish Network to fix our dish in order to receive all of the programming we pay for every month. Not right.
. is going out with a bang. RT : - suspect in armed robbery at #WestAllis gas station still on loose
*Rolls eyes* & at same time relieved at niece's innocent question.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
that was an awesome movie!!!
Follow for latest news on #genomics and #mHealth research at the Scripps Translational Science Inst. -
Yes! Let the market decide their worth.
Presidential appearance after party getting under way right now! I wonder if the Green Party is gonna make it rain?
It's that time for Fantasy Football! Book your draft party at FOX Sports Grill this year. Contact Jen at 480-368-0369.
Or sleep in late and miss bfast altogether RT : Save your old room keys from hotels that have free continental breakfast
Come enjoy the gorgeous weather on the patio today!
Did roving reference w/ an iPad. Felt like a waitress: "what can I get u 2night?" Head poised, iPad ready to send their informational order.
Please tell me you're joking. They don't even look comfortable. Looks like they would cause camel toe. Not my idea of fun.
Agreed! RT Thx members & for a great year!
Hating on and just watic in general is a strange thought. What is there to hate?
realizing im forever invisible to you :[
I hate when people dont use punctuation when they type i mean seriously what is wrong with them
"Things start out as hopes and end up as habits."
I don't have mine yett , I have to go pick it up on fridayy because they had to fix itt
First time on the bus in a week!!
that's why we have Google haha one day well probably find out
that was interesting. hold on while i write that on my long list of things i dont give a shit about
Enjoying wine & cheese at eno. I said maybe ill open a cheese bar 1 day. Boyfriend says - you would prob eat us out of business.
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
tried to message you my email, but it might not have gone through.
Oh yes shoes and nail polish too !
Is it appropriate to include "cut the crap" in student paper comments? fwiw he really needs to cut the crap.
oh ya don't u dare forget it
Thank you for your support. The campaign is still on!
Happy first Day of Spring! Is it time to sparkle up your look?
Lo-fi time is when you have no other choice but to disconnect. It's a really good time to get things done.
Wow.... there's some real brainiacs out there, huh? LOL
head downstairs in about 20!
GOOD morning ! Join us for #EarthWeek on the Greenspace! :-) #SupportSmallBusiness. See you there!
Thanks for the follow
RT : If your senior leaders are not reading the feedback you get, stop gathering it - you are wasting your time.
Besides children's therapy is fun for kids, so it won't hurt to get a professional opinion and get help early.
Both nights were incredible. Did you go?
Best episode all season!
Tuesday Boozeday on this Taco Tuesday? You bet with some $6 margaritas and $4 Victoria drafts
Good morning, gang.
I wear my heart on my sleeve, like a big deal.
this is like a dream
if you get this tweet I just had an AHA electric moment I can finally tweet!
I'm over the Devon's playing in the mud commercials.
It really is!
How am I getting outdoors? Long a** bike ride planned for Sunday!
yes I am. How are u?
So who do I need to contact about life being a choose your own adventure book?
I'm gonna have to disagree! Lmao
10 years ago all the industries got together and drew straws for proprietary holidays for sales. Mattress industry lost.
No offence basically mean "Im going to insult you, but dont get mad."
ad here we r again lovely
Without key content deals, disruptive new technology isn't that disruptive.
hey girl :) hope you're enjoying break! Wish you were here!
RT : Great article for digital marketers from : The Biggest Mistake Web Analysts Make… And How To Avoid It!...
On another note turkey isn't that bad its a beautiful country with rich history
Hey, Annie! Is the interview up yet?
#3WordsForYou Smile at failures.
come meet me at 1:10 for lunch!
Thanks, love ere #Linkedin is making some serious strategic moves.. index, rapportive, slideshare... these can all be leveraged
having the best day!!
Bitch stop with the pills!!!! Seriouslyy!!!
im stuck babysitten
I'm gonna stop getting on the internet, all it does is depress me.
For average amateur golfers, do forged irons have any advantage over cast?
Solyndra is PEOPLE!
Sometimes the book you're writing is like a good friend u just had an argument with. You're mad at them but u know u started it.
Or keep salt handy. I get them all the time.
I don't remember signing in?!
Monday means awesomeness in week-speak
Finally at work
Just finished season 1 of Eureka, my geekiness branches out in yet another direction. where will it end?
Mix the drink mix with juice & it will go down easy. (organic juice if possible)
sorry I'll stop trying to send it.
Back at my house after spending a few days with my honey. MIss his sweet face already. Trying to clean up this pigpen. embarrassingly bad
Called Comcast about internet. Rep asked me to restart my modem and then computer."Why computer?" Response,"No reason. To buy me time."
can't stop imitating the commercial where david beckham asks for a strawberry banana smoothie...
1st at bat this season, the boy got an RBI double, then stole 3rd, & then stole home. Hope his batting helmet still fits his swollen head.
"Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream."
since its a shitty place like cat house
For story/script = confirm that all 7 points are there, that they connect, and make sense in their connections...
When is the release date of the Bred 4s ???
also, wondering if u would like to do an interview on a Sat. betw 6-10pm or something live @ the station in New Brunswick, NJ ...?
When the tiniest hint of a person trying to come back into your life ruins things.. I thought you'd it when I never responded to you
Paul Martin scored.....woo!!!! Thanks new jersey
so much stuff! I would know where to start :)
We await the opening of USR/LIB next week- but tonight- we ART!
this dude on Facebook be cracking me up...acting like I hate the pacers or something smh...results to name calling?!? What are we 12?
Got cable for the first time in a while. Analog, straight outta the wall. This has a certain nostalgic appeal.
meet ya at the Starbucks
aw love you are so sweet!imyyy too=(
It makes me happy that a little thing like not being football season dissuades no one in Green Bay from wearing Packer gear
of course. Wasn't discussing mechanism for change, only the things necessary for change
Ah, yes. I loved that post! Hope you're well!
I too love some spicy Tina. She's the best!
I'm guessing things are gonna start changing...since Austin forgetting about his NSD, not uploading vids err'week & Alex getting a gf! /:
One of my coworkers said I look like Russell Crowe. Awesome!
Gotta get down on #Monday night.right?
omg. imma shove a dick up his ass if he wont shut up omg IM SLEEPING HEREE
RT . ": Its bothers you , cuss you still care ."
I know. Like, everywhere i go "YOLO,YOLO,YOLO" like seriously, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> there's the door, get the fuck out.
Best way to fight off the Mondays. 1/2 Price crabs tonight at
love ya:)
the pic frame app.
couldnt be happier that the #niners didnt decide to put it all in on Alex Smith again
Another crazy night !! Party's getting crazy!!!
Only could get to repo her favorite things.
"The unexamined life is not worth living." then why are dogs so happy?
thank you for saying what i'm trying to say.
clearly the Baltimore Orioles watched Moneyball over the offseason
Where all the fabulous people will be 12/16...HTTP://VANDERBILTREPUBLIC.COM/
You call it cocky... I call it confidence .
now I didnt say all that...
Damn, Baron Davis tried but its a wrap for him as well, looks like Toney Douglas might see some minutes
No reason 2 go through #foreclosure without attempting a #LoanModification or #ShortSale first. When you've tried every Ave turn to a Blvd!
I hope you're wearing green.... cuz I really don't want to pinch you.
Nerves are riding high in Atlanta and Boston. Braves and Red Sox each lead 3-2.....
is pleased that we were approved to purchase CodeBaby, Raptivity, and Flypaper. Not to mention the outsourcing of a library virtual tour!
Feel better
The lead singer from seether is really nice guy
RT "Bachmann: gay marriage is horrible and sinful. but making someone feel they're drowning for info? God Bless!"
#iwantsomebody who I'll give butterflies with every time I see them
; it's official, Ashton && I are the weirdest people you will ever meet (:
short girls are hot! Guys like feelin like their girl needs protection...(taller girls are scary ~_~)
Coffee, oatmeal, Mandarin editing.
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense.
One of the first nights in over two years that I'll fall asleep without being on the phone.
Message to duhville, way to turn your season around, but the run stops here.
is everything okay? :(
great tunes from memphis Give a listen
im not good enough lol
The Phillies and the Braves game was crazy!
right ?! OMFG BUT likes phillip, i wonder why..
I ain't no dummy
Read a novel by an Ohioan - try "A Lost King" by Raymond DeCapite or "The Bluest Eye" by Toni Morrison
ole, i wonder Why :/ *Shrugs*
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend<3
Texas was a good win for Pack (I'm an FSU fan)
Never saw this site before. Is this legit? Crazy stuff. This could give a whole new meaning to Hitchslap.
Hi Beautiful!!
What’s that smell? It’s the delectable sweets ! Delightful Pastries, Vanille Patisserie and Canady Le Chocolatier!
is a Jew lol Jkjk btw I'm getting good at that volleyball thing haha
Tragic no video feed so others could benefit from your suffering...
#Redskins #Follow #FF Follow and for a shout out!!!
home in one month from today.
Wrestling has gone to shit. Could You had Imagined Hulk Hogan beatin the Rock..NO .Its called passing the torch.
Welcome new students! Come visit the newly renovated OSU Libraries Thompson Library! Great place to study and hang out!
I love that quote!!
Use twitter as log, with hashtag 4 class. Easy, fun, brief. Perfect.
hahahahaha I was dying when I heard it!
Thank you for the RT :)
confused ! LOL x)
John Jasso is our first WINNER!... Shirt Size Sir?
Bonjour #MayDay .... you arrived so quickly! A lovely Chenin Blanc sounds delish to welcome you.
always a great idea :)
Coming home - This is Zimbabwe
we are close!
Reminder: You can't want more for people than they want for themselves...but it so hard to look at lost potential :'-(
just how I like it baby! See this is why you my babymomma! I'm bout to wife you up. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> lol
Snowstorm until 8pm... Thursday... probably about a foot of snow
"A day that will live in infamy" - Franklin Delano Roosevelt, December 7, 1941. Remember Pearl Harbor, Remember the Holocaust
We offer #watch repair, #jewelry repair # watch bands #pearl restringing, #fix smart phones find a location in a local mall near you!
Looks like it might be a late day.South Bronx's gotta go beat the traffic seeya
This distinctive landmark redefines the skyline of Cebu's premier district for business, leisure ... Buy and Sell Philippines · Real ...
u always been non shalunt(cnt spell) bout ppl n wat they think
There's reason as a founder I designed my startup not to need VC capital. VCs should ask founders why instead of lamenting.
Awesome, thanks !
I actually saw where they have a location -- I just don't remember where it was. They have a space. So they are stupid.
NICE!!! See you there!
thanks, mama! It was pretty surreal, but I did it!
i love starting my day with yummy fruit smoothie! be healthy, be happy!!
Yeah, this may damage viewership. No one's going to watch all 3 hours and half the time will be spent recapping.
I just saw the links for the iphone on the right and didn't bother reading the other half of the page. My bad.
Never met a 2year old like mines <U+2665> That's My Baby.!
I Got Some Business That I Need To Take Care Of!
Nike's FlyKnit shoe is woven like a sock. Best part is it cuts out the most expensive parts of the process and could bring back jobs to US
I sell ice in the winter...i sell fire in hell...i'm a hustler baby i sell water to a well....
oh you are! I did alot of photos there last year!
Its been a very interestin day
I use every day to LIVE!
have a good show, but Pechanga sucks. Google 'tribal disenrollment'. Boycott vicious dictators.
ALWAYS blame the scribe BOL
RT : Direct Mail is a tactile, tangible medium. It's like sending a sample of your company to a targeted recipient.
Tired but someone is hoggin the bed!
The guys in the new liquid plumber commercial are fucking hot.
I swear these ignorant "all knowing" customers gonna get me fired out here they keep on the way they are. Can't stand yu fuckersz jst kno it
Ok its getting later and later and no shopping! :-\
one of the best people to ever wear any type of boston uniform. He deserves it
What the fuck is up with this Texas weather.
If you support helping homeless you or abused children ..please follow me.
RT See one of the best silent films ever made, "Sunrise", Friday at With a live score (the way we like it)!
Stephanie's story & her future are much more real & interesting than Perez's. I'm just not Chopra-ish enough to love him as much.
Back in Ann Arbor. Chicago wad fun, as always.
RT : the best documentary I have ever seen on the topic, very persuasive, quite moving at times. Well done!
Why? is taking me to Texas Roadhouse tonight. I've been looking forward to it all day!
Follow Follow Follow Her -->
Yo mama's so fat when she takes a bath she fills the tub then turns on the water.
I don't think I've been to a bakery since I lived in NY. I love Publix, but I don't feel like that counts in the traditional sense.
it's packed, ready to play, love it !!!
A truck filled w/ supplies collected by central IN Girl Scouts is heading to Comfort and Care Center in Scottsburg.
WHOA! On the shoulders!!
Last exam of the semester today with
he had the same one last year, right? I think it fits him perfectly. Haha.
Thanks for the RT!
are you going to let him get away with that?
Random Fact.: The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
will be performing at State and Madison beginning at 10am! Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Loop.
Visiting the Detroit masonic temple - the largest in the world! 137 bathrooms, only 3 for ladies.
hahhaha i know, i didnt think it actually would. but i caught my mistake and fixed it :)
Tomorrow AM on FOX: "Puppies, kittens and children harmed in Federal level milk spill in Northern Wisconsin this morning..."
#imhappiestwhen I'm sitting around a campfire with family and close friends, with a drink in my hand.
I cannot stand the new look of Google Calendar. Is there a way to switch it back???
Hope it was worth your while! I try to serve.
RT : If we don’t change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we’re going. –Chinese proverb
think you're fat, not at all.
Also saw that boy out at the show last night!!! That was real... Yall check that dude out if u haven't already!
This summer is gonna be epic. Spending as much of it as I can with my Best Friend. <U+2665>
lville about to eliminate one of my final four teams.
About to call it a night. Gotta get up in a few hours for the Braves game and I'm not looking forward to the morning rush hour traffic.
Nate Fawley was nominated for Best Hair? The world really must be coming to an end.
these internal pop-ups are killing me!
1901 photo of the N. Broadway Yonkers, NY Victorian Mansion of James R. Brevoort noted Hudson River School Painter www.VictorianSource.com
Developing mobil apps are fun. The process of which- I am not the technical genius*
done. Solid mocha helped perk up the unpacking. Looking forward to trailing 5yo on scooter down there often.
ima make you some next time you come early :p
his parents deserve awards or s/t.
and what, pray tell, is unconvential help?
Wow, you were pretty animated with Chris Hahn tonight! Not sure if I've ever seen you so riled up...
$KORE closing with record volume
omg you guys are playing with kiss or is that just the name of the tour?
At Lexus dealer service. Been here for 2 hours. Where is my damn lettuce??
thanks for the love aiden! glad that I'll to be able to spread the message far and free.
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
With the 174th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Logan Morrison
Digging you're profile pic! We are currently working on #Troilus & Cressida here in LA (very excited).
thank you, Luticha! We have already fallen in love with her. :-)
Sitting here trying o figure out how to wish away a tropical storm. Why do they always come on weekends so we have to work?
It's the new year! Check your computers and make sure they're running smoothly! Otherwise just call us :-D
I can't wait to cut a Bitch off
I only have to eat at Chicago Bagel Authority 56 more times, and they'll name a sandwich after me!
RT Can you help me lose my NoCal accent when I'm in L.A.? Or, is it better to sound imported? --> Imported, of course! ;-)
you should see if can make it for the festival...they were awesome on PHC Saturday!
Trying hard to resist the Cadbury Mini Eggs in my pantry, calling my name. Tens of pretty little chocolate candy-coated voices in my head.
Up early to train. I know people like and partying last night and still sleeping now while I get better
Amazing how enticing the nap can be. Must walk dog first. Must. Sigh.
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
reptilian motherfuckers... keep watch for those...
Oh my god. What did I miss? Why is #RowlingReturns trending? Won't somebody please tell me WHY!!!!
I totally agree! He would be the best!
Finished reading Post Office, a masterful work of "dirty realism," by Charles Bukowski.
is preparing to perform...by Executive Order you all are commanded to turn on your TV's and watch...
Half of consumers surveyed don't have 3rd grade level literacy on healthcare - Keckley
WTF NO BOSTON SOLO DATE? HOW THE F AM I GONNA MEET YOU???? Dammit.
call me fransua! Soon I'll know how to spell that correctly
lol so u noticed?..i figured u wuld say dat...good shit good shit other ppl wulda made diss tracks...i respect it...reealniggaz!
hosting a sex toys party! this is crazy fun! livin lovin and lovin livin;-)
I like my pizza with cheese.
Fair enough.
Merry Christmas ;)
is this a Dead Snow prequel?
i want him to follow me :)
Clippers getting ready to
Any concern with Jamie Luckie as a ref. tonight ?
Looking for partners from HR filed. Please e-mail to
Who's up??? For all my early birds, make sure you're watching to catch talk about last night's fire. 7 am.
Twitter feed hacked by trolls to promote get-rich scheme. For the record, I'm not inspired. But at least it wasn't a pocket Tweet this time!
I was going to do some :D We should play together sometime.
what the fuck
My bfs mom text me this morning talking about "happy future mothers day". O.o .... M very VERY far in the future
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Time to get some Tweets in for the drawing on Wednesday for a PS3!
You gotta believe some offensive linemen will take exception to the #saints defense for having a bounty out on their QB's.
Can we do this again soon please?! Miss you. xo
Maybe if I tweet my timeline will refresh.
Man ... I may have mucked up my mixer by making matzoh!
whats good trick you got that #PIL2 album by Ja Rule i know you got love for em
Some guys at Steak n Shake have a full gameboard layed out on the table, they're not even eating. But they're laughing a lot.
<U+2665><U+2665>OMG Forrest Gump is on... I'M SO GONNA WATCH IT! I never seen it before lol<U+2665><U+2665>
Thanks, hope you enjoy it!
Did you know all new clients receive 10% this month??
Most females under 28 still act like they still in high school
Breakfast: Iron Man 2. Lunch: Thor. Dinner: Captain America. Dessert: Avengers. Nerd birthdays are the best!
The Degrassi Drama T-Shirt!!!!:)
this paper will be the death of me!
I respect your point of view, although I disagree w/ it...but don't downplay HR/Civil rights to promote your agenda.
Started a Twin Peaks marathon last night -- S1 & 2 are on Netflix instant!!
New account Lessons learned: My bad for requesting "forgot password" which shut me out completely.
Will have Q&A with Jacob Peterson up on the blog tomorrow. Will also try to get some sort of analysis piece out too.
Thank you for sharing our cause!
I am watching a G rated movie on Netflix. Oceans!
that's cool neighbor
whoever get that job is vry lucky
Ugh tomorrow is gunna be a Long day.
Had a good writing session the other night!
The Big Bang Theory <3
chillin music same ole ishh I want you to check this song out tell me what you think
Hey there, (ktdUugWffnirt6), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RepresentMe.ca gets a shout-out on stage at #GovCamp from Guy Michaud
Following Mike S. on Twitter exposes one to an endless stream of disses and retorts. Maybe I should read his columns.
I think that's the last of them.... Until next year. :)
:P There you are.
Two of our Screenwriters Panelists, Peter Sollett & Carolyn Briggs, are here! Can't wait for the panel on Sat. at 1:45!
U dog ass niggas be faking heavy..... Its all G Though... #MFL to the finish line..
yup leaving from KY the 12th
Sometimes I just get a craving for live music....
Thanks for joining us this evening !!
ok bye.
Thank you for sincerely for helping Black Lab!
great job getting answers for your story on unemployment! my wife and I loved it!
It's probably a good thing I start moving the weekend #TFC plays at RFK. Blah.
No I will not.
"Photography has not changed since its origin except in its technical aspects which for me are not a major concern." - Henri Cartier-Bresson
Awesome, thanks again!
And if course can't forget
You're very welcome! Snow days keep us busy, but we love it!
Um, of course. Let's have us a fucking man night.
good job Thunder. bye bye Mavs!!!!!! screw you Cuban!
Watching work.
but I like to teets ;D HA SEE WHAT I DID THERE! How punny ;D
Lunch with my mom! =)
pretty much. :D
By the way , even though I'll miss you on , you have to know I'll be getting your new book "Drift" - it sounds amazing!
Drinking the cheapest beer I've ever had-'Beer Light' is the name, in a purple can.
It doesn't bother me mia! Hahah(: at least im not a whore...! Like other people!ha.
grow up people were in high school learning math not kindergarten learning the alphabet
Very true my man!
is thinking the wine is fine!
Thanks for following us.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
seriously why do people hate? youre perf theres nothing to hate on. theyre just jealous anyways.
RT : Stacked is open next to in the 5th Ward check them out!
Another one bites the dust!!!
If food were alive, would it want to be eaten?
For my Bday has taking to one of my fav plaves, my winery thx baby
Just when shit can't get any worse.
Blown Away?
7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already. I'm ready for my nap time ^_^
We all need to plan a happy hour soon. I have some killer graphic button ups to try out.
Stoked to be a new writer for ! I can almost hear them chanting, "we accept you, we accept you, one of us, one of us... "
Latin Comp final project is a "Res Gestae" of 300 Latin words. I feel confident about mine, which means it's probably incomprehensible.
Nice!! So much.. New music here and abroad.. What are you up to music wise?:)
LOL! You totally made a rhyme on your Twilight post! Very Funny!
Finding it added about 5 years to my life, mental health-wise
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
Happy mother's day to all of my favorite mommies out there (you know who you are :-)) The world would end without you. :-*
RT : If I'm spoiled, it's because I spoil my damn self.
April 16, I will be teaching How To Write & Publish your book at Black Writers on Tour conference..
i mean who wouldn't
You learn quick :)
Anytime Queen!
1 more puppy from that litter is close to finding a new home!
Just read through Lydia Parks' next vamp erotica. Can't wait to see it in print! I love seeing books before they're published. Cool feeling!
Me? Jealous of you? Lmfao. Oh, honey, bless your heart.
-- Not yet, lady! Soon...very soon!
YATES CO SHERIFF: T/MIDDLESEX HWY HAS SOUTH LAKE RD IS NOW OPEN TO ALL TRAFFIC
trust me, he wasn't good enough for you.
wait peace might not be peaceful.....(dark is mean shes putting her anger on meh)
The has announced that 4/8 2012 begins Nat'l Library Week! But remember, it’s never too early to thank your local library staff!
it is fun but I am really tired now. Like sitting in the corner wanting a nap. lol
Quick #Royals note from Ned Yost today: Hosmer getting 2 days off in a row vs. LHP. Low BABIP & k/rate. I buy the hitting in bad luck theory
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier, better boss,
Tired of being stereotyped? How do you become who you really want to be? Ask the Workout Sloth! Join the Good Gang...
hahahaha yeah I know but so what! If you come to KC we can go to gates anytime ya dig
woo!!!!!! u listened to me<3 love you lots and lots <33333
Really hoping Barack Obama gets the Dem. nomination. I'd like to see what this guy can do as President.
Nets fans booing LeBron when he touches the ball. You guys didn't really think he was going to sign there, right?
Outside while the tornado sirions r going off. Yolo
awhh:* thank you Beautiful ;')
So sorry you will miss it! You are a photography queen! Sounds like a great night.
If you head on over to gotheredothis.com there are lots of Nashville activities you can do for half price.....
Um, you blocked me...
love that this was the trip??
Hawks Home Opener creeping up... who's our lucky third?
Abilene to Waco and everywhere in between, if you are in Texas, www.amcaphomeloan.com can help you with your mortage or refinance needs!
I've used HoneyStinger for the past few months, and the products are outstanding! Love the
I know all I wanted was a terminal session and I almost never found terminal.
I just sold my ford truck
Looking for a healthier breakfast/brunch option? Try our broiled grapefruit... it's awesome. And an added plus - this month is National...
You can't drive forward if you are focused only on your rear view mirror
Just testing my page tune-up here... :-)
he always talks about it lol
Leaving school early today.
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to seeing you at BK this summer!
I feel like you need to update you #userability thoughts?
anything with tennessee orange on it
hahahaha! FAIL! in what way does 4 look like 'L'?! hahaha nd 3 looks more like a butt than two 'U's put together!
I am making cream filled choux buns to bring to work tomorrow. You WISH you worked at RCI :)
Happy New Years!
I just finished
Long weekend starts now! Looking forward to reading, walks and my first Boston Esplanade fireworks
please follow me back I love you Robert <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Let's get this over with.
Thank you!!!
lucky! I have to wait a half a year
Keeps the germs off the tablet, the first antimicrobial tablet for kids, PlayBase
Miz is looking extra #beautiful on tonight's
Lunch time! Thy our "Old School" breakfast 2 Eggs made the way you like, with toast and country ham, bacon, or our homemade sasuage $7
When you're #grateful , a whole new world appears right in front of you. Promise.
#thelifeof being such a confused person!!!! :'(
Time for a new iPhone case. This stainless steel-backed one... Should've been scratchless.
I mean, it'd be real cool if I could find that one guy who was awesome and I could have a relationship with.
so what is this thing that is doing? I don't even know what we are talking about
School is back and with that comes homework and tests. Tutor Doctor can help with both of those and we come to your house. 1on1tutoring.com
at the end of the day what happens in Spokane happens every where.... or is that Vegas?
better than nothing
New version coming out soon! More fun and interactive! Stay tuned! www.IamINC.biz
that has got to be the luckiest bike ever! :-)
Creativity becomes a nuisance to the schedule. via Michael Allen
Kiss Me - Ed Sheeran
How would you destress yourself after a stressful day? Meditation? Play with children? Go for a walk? Like and share your ideas in the...
I can't live
If you don't get that "What the hell am I doing?" feeling once in a while... you may not be doing it right.
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base is now won a combine 226-4 in the last 5 years. We are going for win number 227 Tonight.
wow. that's really special.
I really <3 the #SilentMode feature on my phone... Except when I forget to turn it on before I go to sleep! #Dammit! Now I'm awake!
yo carlos your mama is so fat when she farted she launched herself into orbit.
- Hoping that sees my tweet & replies.
A passionate activity is one you're doing without regard for time.
Quite a compliment from a #grammywinner RT : Have I mentioned how good this place's food is???
So excited for my future!!!!
I'm still on this. Thinking work relationship theme song remix could be "You Can Call Me Val" by Paul Simon...maybe.
Today's Sandwich: Meatball sub with mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce served with a bag of chips & medium soda...$6.95
Why not?
“thank u! : I have renewed my membership tonight. Must maintain my complete collection of all FUV Live CDs”
Great meeting with Jason today. Talking about doing some branding and social media with his company.
Crap. Oh snow you didn't. Well, that really sucks. It's not funny if you have to tell it twice.
i bookmark so many things.. omg
cus the Js last Saturday didn't go hard for real.
Tonight at Varsity Bar! The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble. Music starts at 6:30. No cover, Happy Hour prices on drafts all day!
how have you been? I still have that interview to send you oh World Champion. Been busy setting up my zombie prom @ Irving
Nate the Great at it again...SPLASH.
dog put your feet up, thats not okay
and I suppose it's reasonable to think there are some in the library world who dream of being motorway assistants...
hey college flys by. Keep smiling they are tears of joy
Agree RT i like MSU jersey, don't like the helmets. I don't like anything about UM's uni's
where and when u start school?
So bored...
Finals are fun
Tonight is the night to do nothing when everything is possible. Whhooopppwhhhooopp
Thanks for the mention
that sucks! Any other problems?
Boredom = fantastic dental hygiene.
Who's going to opening day today? Looks like a perfect Spring day for Baseball!
Why do you wanna read the book if you know the ending.
Making #manicotti in cooking class
When I watch 's #Michigan stories, I wonder why people are not uprising against "emergency financial managers."
Everything feels so weird between us :(
Mexican food for breakfast? #Heckyes ! :)
Pumped that iPhone is coming to Verizon!
OMG WTF IS WRONG WIT MY PHONE I CANT CALL ANSWER TEXT OR SHIT SMH..
Began leaving today. Their service is terrible but not as bad as their customer service, or lack thereof. Amazon Web Services!
In addition to being friend of the animals, is also friend of comedy fans everywhere & 100% awesome/supportive.
.Thank you again, ! We have had the best time making incredible ceramics with you twice this summer!>THANK YOU
Have you thought about enjoying the lifestyle instead of making a living? If you have a same feeling as i have, please msg me.
Nice play by Starlin.
Real say true aint never told no lie
Play ball! The Albuquerque Isotopes' first homestand of the 2012 season kicks off on Friday at Isotopes Park. Who's going to the game?
#ff HILARIOUS FOLLOW!!
just listened to the new album. So good!
Just had an awesome conversation with my 2 year old...
You give 2 Fucks? Eh? I give Zero!!! xP
YES I DID THANKS LOL
Happy Opening Night!! It's going to be awesome :)!! -Love, "Stretch"
Hidy ! So nice to see you here! It's much cooler on twitter and it rains all the time. xor
No i dont like you no more. just like a friend.
The dangers of working from home: unlimited snacks. Just filled up on tortilla chips. Good thing I was planning on going to the gym tonight!
Chillin' with Kema, tending bar with amazing tapas, wine, and company!
So if you are a member of a women's group at church and are looking for something awesome for the ladies to do let me know.
I got called today by a major publication, about Pronetos of all things. Talk about social networks going nowhere.
Heading to to answer phones. Won't you call and support this musical treasure? It's painless. 412-381-9900 (I'm bringing cake!)
If the O's are + .500 on May 16 after playing the #Yankmees, #BlowSox , Rays and Rangers then it'll be time to believe.
Lol you getting them
One Ok.. Two is Fine...Three is Enough..!
Stop Bein Ah Stranger Then So Ik Its Real ;p Lmaoo
Love that story on and Devereaux Peters. That's a great piece of writing.
I have a special swagger about myself that I feel is often imitated but NEVER duplicated. #100 call it cocky, I call it honesty! *Shrugs*
RT Jealous: and they've been beating us with it ever since.
Wahoo! We finally reached 500 followers! Thank you so much to everyone!
The purpose of teaching is to build leaders, preserve and share knowledge, and to make a difference
"All the other kids with the pumped up kicks,You better run,better run,outrun my gun"
it's a weird place for a kitty to be. It would've been scary to watch her climb down O_O
- I feel like a part of my Childhood just died. Huge Beastie Boys fan. From the start to now the end.
agreed! We love #wash! Back to back
Faith is what we believe in action!
that was the best "math class" ever ;)
fair enough
Everyone tries to impress that special someone, but if you can't get them by being yourself they can't be all that special.
A good night in frisco. Now back to good ol San Jose!!
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B. R. Haydon
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
529 for steak.
"i'm tired of your hacker paranoia! Product says it's disabled!!" . Sir, that notice only comes up by using a pirated code…
When the Crane machine grabs the thing u want 4 the 1st time and u get so happy :D and its about fall into that square hole then the machine
Pulling for Cotto so Pacquiao can claim transitive property victory on Mayweather and force him to fight.
i.love.ur.tweets
how was the movie??
#reenvisioningnagel i'm thinking beyond those skills though. how to communicate with adults, how to work in a group., etc
Do you ever wonder if McDonald's could catch 'em, they have a McPuma burger? Pumas won't let themselves get caught. Cows, you taking notes?
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial e…
What* RT : Call me whut you want, but I can't wait for Teen Wolf Season 2!
that's not my twitter name;)
I would say go for it motivate and inspire. It's what I do everyday with my preschoolers.You become motivated and inspired.
Come get TATTED UP!!!!!
don't hate. Derrick gives out free shit? You bet I'm takin advantage
Howie From Maui did make me piss my pants. Thanks.
Off to the crack den.
It's so much better to find the truth out for yourself...Not often do people volunteer fact.
I'm eager to join an event professionals association again. I used to be so involved as a student and now I feel out of touch.
you should check out our teix tee
If I was I woulda snatched Cynthia's glued in tracks right out her bald head
should've gone back to the gym.
I assure you that I am down for that
Just being happy cause your mine <3
this ritee here the Lemon Dropper . <U+2665>
Hey :D How are you? c:
With a good jab-step you can literally make room to get off a jump shot, or create a lane to the basket. All w/ out WASTING ur dribble!
DC for the weekend for my little cousin Vincent's first communion. Can't wait to see my family!
my macbook needs to chill out for a hot sec and stop sounding like it's going to explode.
I'm so stressed out & I have no idea why.
If you have to ask.....
Blake Griffin's a punk.
OMG Situation. maannn...
Be careful when donating blood... they might just clone you. :-) CC: &
I miss high school ) : can I go bck and visit for a week?
t-shirts are free correct?
when school is done for me we will go on an adventure to anywhere you feel like :)
is a day to let your hair down and revel in life, as the vibrancy and joy of being alive permeate your very soul.
went to Redlands East Valley High school
Chicago Bears select Brandon Hardin S out of Oregon St with 79th pick
RT : Media research geekery: You can't compare Internet uniques to TV average audience. It's apples & oranges, done constantly!
I used HCAD to trace the original owner, who I learned died in 2003. I'll meet the second owner on Saturday.
please follow me i love you
i never heard anyone call it fake creek
you'll find some doozies in there. I've also found some great vinyl & cassettes there as well.
To me tbh miley and demi are the only "sexiest" ladies that've worked with disney :D
The DeWitt Law Review is live this Easter weekend. Give us a call at 1800-329-5858 to discuss how to buy distressed properties.
I hope to have some news in the morning on CBS this morning
And this is how we bring it! Really bring it to the table! RT We have to 'embrace' ALL of our DNA (via )
Thanking God for blessing us with so many promotion opportunities!!! WE IN DIS THANG!!! SALUTE!!!
Glam Fairy 's Jon Breaks Down His Personal Style On tonight 's new episode of Glam Fairy, the spotlight turns on Jon as he faces some of
Comedy is a sign of freedom
<U+FFFD>Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
Wish I could but your in the wrong district!
lol it keeps telling me user no longer exists
We take a holistic approach to pet health. We research our formulas carefully, using only ingredients we love. Always in adequate doses.
Might want to check with first, as I did manage to find them for him.
You're a turkey too. You Mayor stealer! LOL!
Please follow me :)
Well Im going to go to bed now. Got school in the afternoon si I'll be sleeping all day lol. Night peeps
Fashion is for pussies.
I think you should give your number but do a contest an give it to 3 lucky winners!(;
Fancy! :) I'll have to check that place out. Thanks!
you better tell your wife, tell your kids, and tell your husband - 50% off at the Times Cinema on www.crowdclick.com!
ive change like 30 times today thats how bored i am hahah
- Obama supported gay marriage for 2 reasons: To regain the youth vote he has lost. 2. To acquire Hollywood's endorsement.
Sharon Morrisey from NCCCS:Dev ed: "The Bermuda Triangle of our college system"
Unemployment implies room for more leisure for equal productivity. Need system of capital allocation that's not based on labor.
Dear guy who plans on tight rope walking across the Grand Canyon today, Don't do it!
you're in my iCal. I've got a list of new places you need to try!
Can't help you if I ask and you say no
Tacos start now. Come down to olydias
<U+2640>The time is always right to do what is right<U+2640>
hahaha naww, girl I dont even got your number :P
glitch fixed! shop away www.remnantuganda.com :)
Become a Bear!
- 1st of all, it depends on how much it costs SUM to have Barca come here!
I'm down for whatever
True RT : An Ego/Pride will ruin any relationship. So if you value a person and their friendship..suck it up and make it right
Or Mitt for that matter?
RT : Big hugs to my family on
I give up on everything. I dont care anymore...
I'm going to school to be a broadcast journalist ill have a few oopsies in my future career lol ur still my fav sports anchor
fill in the blank..... "the best thing about living in NYC with this beautiful weather is _______________!
Do you have any clothes in your closet that your significant other HATES?
"AGENTS FOR THE STARS" will be holding AUDITIONS in Sep, Oct, and Nov in NYC, LA, and Miami. Email:
Millbrook High Students! Get $1.00 slices this week ONLY, with your Student ID card at our Capital Location!
I WANNA MARRY U SO BAD *cry*
RT : Come down to the Dakota lounge listen to Paul metza and try our mergers meatball
HAY RAY
I like Kroger, plus using kroger cards earn $ for my church!
thank you.
Getting offline for now. #NapTime :D
Yes I did forget a lunch today thank you.
Thanks ! A good time was had by all. I always wonder, after a conversation like that, if we will be invited back.
Who has a carne asada this late in the middle of the week? Apparently we do.
if i see david again tomorrow evening or thursday morning i think i just might give him my number... :F
im still gonna say Smoke
oo forgive me--meant to boost audio but am right smack in middle of helping w/ another conference! Will do Thurs
How about that snow today? Don't let it slow you down, let's embrace it!
hey livy, hope all is well, did I replied to your last message, can't remember, don't want u thinking negative of me lol
I'm going to feel so short again when I get back to the Chi.
Santa Cruz being evacuated on lower level, near coast line.
sum1 doesnt know how to answer they phone...then that sum1 will call when im sleep or @ work...sound familiar bruh-face?????
I got 99 problems and a bitch aint 1.
RIP Ryan Dunn
What yall think about the Numark NS7 decks w/ the 45s on em? Recommended? Any feedback is appreciated.
Getting in the jacuzzi with my mom to relieve some stress >>>
We've been house hunting and it has been driving me crazy!
Maybe it's the headphones??
wish sue a big happy mothers day for me!
yea! thanks everyone! it was awesome
Lolololol RT : You would think them niccas had a contra cheat code for the ATM how many times they check their balance!!
Computing | R.M. Beaumont Corp.
Why are we not talking more about dessert pretzels?
Congrats!!!!!! :D Is you new house still close by?
Because lately you've been looking at me like you've seen a ghost, and isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
becuase your not supposed to
My brain really doesn't want me to fall asleep tonight... >:l smh!
I love you.... You know who you are...
How are you, Scotland? ::waves from Atlanta::
Omg I can't believe yall are coming to lubbock, I live there!!! I want to meet yall so bad! <3
Headache or no headache I'm going hiking followed by going to see hunger games.
Hey there! You're on my team. I'm working on a poster for your office for Elizabeth. :)
MCR/ELECTRIC OTTO is always down with #working with other people. Whoever I work with has to be serious and be about
Today's design challenge : design an uglier, less intuitive and more amateurish mobile site than the NBA's.
which one?
Today is derby recovery day ha
it's hard to get you to press #FOLLOW button on my case, but I try always <U+2665>
lol just the gel is cold, it gets in your navel and it's slightly uncomfortable when they press into your stomach
thank you so much :-)
Today's Feature: Almond encrusted chicken breast over herb cheesy grits w/ mustard BBQ sauce & side salad Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
yeah right you been #subtweetin for days hah.
"Oh I thought that was a face." "Nope, it's soup."
in your head, zombie zombiee zombiee
This season of #Idol has def inspired me to keep working the craft.. Joshua Jessica Skylar Deandre
Just came across 's daughters princess certificate signed by rapunzel, I guess she doesn't need it to know she's a princess!
Dear NCU. You are weird.
I might mess around and walk to HEB and get these cookies. Ooooweee.
I am beyond stoked for a new release eventually. Great band.
Leyland brings in the kerosene kid
My AZ Cards key player on offense is Wells. Defense is Washington. Both need a BIG day for AZ to win.
Almost home after driving from Austin strayte
the lot was just tilled today. Any equipment you can think of given that info would be great
Hell land of beer! It's a beautiful day for a beer tour!
Thinking of rain? No but time for a quick car wash. Stop at 1125 Menaul or 1601 Coors for $1.50
It's not a solve, but I'm so, so proud of our leader.
College football getting a playoff? I'm gonna blog a column about this.
yup ahhaha and lucky! But thats okay cause its my last year and im excited :]
amen to that sister! please tell my boyfriend that.. :P
School law on religion, "don't" Next chapter...
Hey and , thanks for the shoutouts re We agree, its a very cool company.
I'm allowed to follow you now, right?
That is some amazing cover art you have painted, I really like the the Impulse one you did. Thanks for the follow.
you're so welcome. Did you find one?
Jeff Mangum at the just let out. Did Hugh Bob already play at ?
Seems like as good a day as any to announce the launch of my new supergroup Freddy D and the Goys.
I have like 10 days left in my 20s...cray
no no
Keep pushing forward!!!
Yo where the hell did all this fog come from!!!!
did it m8. CHAMPIONS. Way to show up.
SexTip Girls, give your guy a surprise wake up call in the morning by slipping between his legs and giving him a little oral delight.
ask me anything. I'm an open book.
awesome man I loved the song
Aw, yay! Love you!
great, you?
As long as the outcome is income :)
"you're a vegetable" -M. Jackson
do you follow you should look at their time line. Something in their pertaining to you.
Cougartown and Private Practice
good luck!
dominican swagger ;)
you...are...AMAZING!!!! and supper tallented
You jumped off the grid as soon as I got back on. Self control does increase productivity exponentially
Near the Westside? Midcity? Hollywood? If you aren't at The Mint to see The Soul Rebels you are in the wrong place! Get here!
So weak:(
“: And that is life as a Chicago sports fan....”can we get a mulligan
I'll be missing the #mnbas Sat so I can attend a Hawaiian-themed mother-son dinner dance on the same night.
So tired I walked into the ladies lavatory. Didn't realize my mistake until I saw the high heels in the stall next to mine.
#AfricanYoloMoment mistakin a laptop for a cookie or cookin ur salad coz u think its raw
My head hurts from so many Easter confetti eggs cracked on .my head lol
awww! Thank u sis! U are forever appreciated & loved by your bro no matter how far u may be. You still have your brother...
S/o to my brothers from another mother
Your still one of few people who actually know What my twitter name is haha :)
Is anybody else's Time Warner Cable in Brooklyn down (and out)?
lol I remember that movie
You clearly did not come home with the AWPlague.
We earned $200 for Operation Smile last week! Come see the show this week so we can earn more!
Oh how I love miss congeniality!<3
Don't forget that today is a double header so there is still plenty of time to get here!
Thanks for the RTs!
Contratulations Dana--We'll be there Sunday
You have to love Xcode. One of my students was so frustrated he started banging his head on the keyboard and his errors went from 7 to 4.
Holy crap, I just noticed the giant robot T-Rex on the Cover. Instant awesomeness.
Do you usually know ahead of time if your property has any potential environmental hazards?
Bored out of my mind and I just want to go home. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
goiin to my bro track meet todayy :)
Q1 - Remind myself I'm doing it for the kids!
was it #stewie ?
Luv that the counter guy remembered me from 6 weeks ago. In NYC. Where i don't live.
YEAH, BUT TOTALLY LIP SINGING.RT : Madonna is still freaking SEXY #superbowl Rocking!!! LETS GO Giants.
Spring break 2012 has involved a lot more beer bongs than I anticipated
whatever happened to open211?
prince! How you been bro??
Bonus points for tonight's driver: He actually knew about my site from the 190 North episode! Awesome!
Extroversion is often confused for the lack of seriousness.
I just saw last night's cuts...I'm bitter! You were my fav from Vegas - good luck and I hope you try again bubby!
Damn, what a day...
Then listened to Lisa Harper who spoke of her childhood struggles but how God used His Word to plug the holes in her heart---his love story
Ex-NFL star Junior Seau reportedly dead SAD!!! Great PLAYER...1 of the BEST!!!
highly recommend Drive if you haven't seen it already.
Paper was first made from the hemp plant. Later 3 superior plant fibers came into use in Japan: kozo (Mulberry), mitsumati, gampi
F this new bill
RT : I got a $500,000 line of credit at Tiffany's like Newt Gingrich's. I just asked for the "Fiscal Conservative" plan.
Thank you <U+2665>
can't wait to see the finished show on CBS 4 All Access.
u lucky duck, ive been trynna go down there so many times to visit my school, but no one to go with :(
Shoe shopping with my girlfriend....HELP!!
i anit lame
Rupert Murdoch looks like he is on his way out!
"Sports dramatically improved my self image & quieted the voice inside my head that told me I wasn't good enough" Geena Davis
I'm just on some chill shit.
": Ever look at your ex and thought "Was I drunk during our whole relationship?"... Im pretty sure I was beligerently drunk xD
IM EXCITED TO COME SEE YOU IN LA ! AHH #MAHONE TO LA (: PLEASE FOLLOW <U+2665>
Sweet, just placed 3rd in women's overall in this race.
Congratulations! RT : Just picked up my and Latin Honors cords!
We would love to work with you and see what we can do to help if your still interested. I feel very strongly we can help!!!!
Any trends in conversion from 1940 Census visitors? Yes - an increase on April 2, 2012 and afterwards
this little white boy standing on this dark street corner scared the hell out of me....lookin like a young jason
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart. & no teacher will tell you how to move on.
Don't forget to tune into the show today at 11AM CST on
WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON Z100!!!!! AH
Headin down to Green Dove to meet up with Mr.Nice215 to get some Co2 wax and then over to Oasis for some OG.
My sister trys and kills herself every day bec of bullys this is to all bullys and chomos I WANT U TO DIE MOTHER FUCKER AND U NEED TO CHANGE
A New Years Day lunch with the family, I think yes!!:)
Same here. When you call a collection "General Info. and University History," I feel some granularity of description is called for.
Learned something new: Twitter will not publish identical tweets #
Generic 4/20 joke here. That's right. Not even going to try.
Just Look @ your self in the mirror god dammet! Your SO damn irresistible! <3 (;
Stock options for the win! I am going to ignore the long vesting period for now and focus on celebrating.
And I will hit every mark
Happy Birthday April!!!
big shot out to #travispastrana get well soon!!!
except sex ones... I still need sex ones.
After getting delayed by Air Force One, finally headed for home: SAN >>> OAK
heard anything on Bosa?
I'm happy to announce that I will begin work on a Kids Clothing Line next week. Music Inspired, Band Collabs, Etc.
yeah baby I texted you
Glad to know I'm not the only one in my office who can't deal with the "no headphones" policy. Co-workers are discussing making a petition.
yooo who u playin with this summer mayn? the fire again?
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Oh fuck you, How I Met Your Mother. Like, and not even for all the usual reasons. Stop fucking manipulating me. This is bullshit.
Doing what I do to clear my mind. Shoot pool and take shots in Long Beach, CA.
Yng Spec Ed math tchr works long hrs, buys supplies, gloves, hats 4 kids, pays 4 field trips, is 2nd yr. tchr, low score in paper=devasted
My fiancé has the most prettiest eyes and smile that I have ever seen. :) <3 XOXOXOXOXO cc:
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I'm sorry! Being sick stinks! Feel better soon!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
only took a week of drinking NOTHING but water to get used to it and have no craving for soda.
sounds good:-)
Once you start to dislike someone. Everything they do begins to annoy you.
they're entertaining at least ;)
reflects a degree of corruption in local government that needs to be addressed... Someone needs to look into the local government here...
ouch :( thank you sir. Next week!
Studio with #kok #highrollerz and you know with us making fire.
You have to remember that with love, you're not the only one involved.
haha never doing that without proof reading again!
Dale, thanks for the follow
Nope...no Baxter here, but you stay classy Stephen! :) Thanks for flying with us here at MKE. Happy travels!
Did you know that oatmeal is not gluten free because of cross contamination with wheat? You can get Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Oatmeal ...
Will Ferrell hosting SNL tonight. boy am I glad I dont have an exam tomorrow
Obama said something that everyone knew anyway. Hooray.
come check us out. We have Gunthorp farm duck liver pate, La Quercia speck, pork rillette, coppa, and whipped pork fat!
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music."
I'm convinced someone has a hit out on me. Way too many people tried to run me over today for it to be a coincidence.
Needs to visit Seattle. This. Place. Rocks.
Up early lots of errands to do. Blah
Its taking over my brain, and my heart..
#milwaukee Heres to old ships & new ships & all the ships in the sea, but the best ships are friendships so heres to you and me
Eating old cheese spread was not such a smart idea. Belly ache.
i m tempt to look at my phone but thank god its dead (:
da Celtics bout to come back
thx! maybe if it needs to be verbally disambiguated I could say "capital X arXive." Lots of things called "archive" 'round here :)
I would at least read. And probably evangelize.
2 hours exactly. I. Am. Beat.
o ok hitma phone
please come to chicago!
you changed the carrots?!?!! :O
Dope profile pic
OMG! I hate when people have to grunt when they do everything! Eat..grunt! Open a door..grunt! Walk..grunt! Breathe..grunt! >.<
I wish I knew more smart men, that were sexy and good in bed too. This needs to be a priority, where are they?
you seem to be quite the popular one today on Twitter
great thread, lets follow each other
Just finished work on a fresh motown-esq tune with a double tracked classical guitar accompaniment...and 70 vocal tracks!
Finally feeling the #hoosiers spirit! Go IU!
School time : /
total struggle 4 me this morning too-couldnt even manage 2 put contacts in. I'm propagating a librarian stereotype w my glasses
Thanks to everyone that came out to Chris Webb and Friends last night. Great way to cap off
Does Children International hire pretty girls for a reason?
Alexander: Asking #NASA to develop commercial justification for flight is like expecting AT&T to dev Angry Birds
Iceland looks super cool in
Follow the plan of a happy day
Ecommerce sales are growing by more than 19% each year, and are estimated to reach $1.4 trillion by 2015.
ha ha ha. well, there ya go!
its so sad, you need to watch it
No relation. Unless you mean not the author, but the star of the movie.
Lost a lot of weight and need a whole new wardrobe? can make recommendations for building your wardrobe back up again slowly!
If you call Lebron "King James", you = silly silly boy
Just got a complement from another teacher. Awesome.
re new media. That's so 2009
Sunshine Cinema mgmt should back employees for adhering to policy. In a theater, snacks=profit=paychecks. Entitled pundits. Oy.
Madonna's Malawi charity drops plan to build school............
Bret from Flight of the Concords! I had no idea he was involved in the Muppets! "Disney for making movies with songs in them" <3
i really neeeda go to sleep.
Any and all in the Catering business we would like to support all of you. If our company has not , DM us for a Tasting
probably a straight to dvd movie
RT “: Tonight's show is an hour long! And still 23 hours too short!”
Austin's voice is flawless. You can say all the shit you want, but my opinion will stay the same.
IF YOU SEE THESE TWEETS && RESPOND it will be HISTORY IN THE MAKING?
“: I'm sure you'll find a new job in 6 months to one year on average.” Damn.
I think Chicago Fire has the best chance of any new series on NBC to succeed.
Dropped your cell phone in some water? Don't panic. "Sargent Solutions" with the 4-1-1. Watch tomorrow at 6pm on CBS19.
Write a short letter about what the holiday season means to you and $1 will be donated toward Make A Wish! DM me for details!
listening to one direction for like 10 hours straight
Listening to as we fall asleep. Merry Christmas Taylor! My sister and I got Wonderstruck! So excited! Have a good one :)
#thepeoplescourt Haha couple from Rochester NY on the show! Fighting over a gym membership
Boo hoo Whitney Houston. No one cared until she died in some hotel room.
Parents get a special handbook when they take you home from the hospital
For #EdTech success, recommends standardization to decrease lost instruction time and increase adoption
customizing my tumblr like a boss
O. Im flying delta in like, 5 minutes!! E! RT : so I guess maybe Delta isn't so bad after all.
thank you darlin'
it's about time you see hotd
Congrats Jen!
I'm going to try to get it out today. Don't worry about the shipping!
Finished with an awesome day of calling, (via commo), fire missions for Artillery. Uniform inspection in the morning.
barfights r only attractive when Patrick Swayzee is involved. lol
First 2 months sucked, but it's seriously amazing. I, too, think we earned it after Josie :)
Kindred Spirits at Doe. Great, great work! You are an inspiration to us. #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast! Thx for follow!
OK you added commercials online, Y should I watch the same commercial twice in a row? Also Y doesn't your video player work?
Thanks for the RT!
The injection? “: Wait for it ,wait for it -----+”
Guess I'll just keep <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> and go back to sleep.
falling asleep in this church.
tornado damage in TX appears to be more hype than reality. they say things are bigger in TX but they are stretching the truth? am i wrong?
On a personal level.I love my Pack but I hate the human element to officiating in NFL,It helps or burns and I hate that should be fair.100%
3 more test till I'm done with Spanish 2 online!!!!!!!!!!! #success!!!!
Status: Unavailable.
I really wish I could be on Fourth Street for the Final Four celebration
wanna catch a fade , I'll pop you a flat top...I'm trill ya hurd lmao
Tonight's meeting is cancelled.
lmao didn't we have this convo. You clearly wanted to go back
Getting drunk and watching basketball with
I'm great:) Sorry for the late response. Hope all is well with you. Happy Happy New Year and many Blessings!
YOU KNOW I DONT SLEEP!
I'm appearing @ comic strip live tonight at 10pm. Don't miss this chance to see why I lack both health insurance AND a sizable following.
“: your'e generating a lot of hype right now...don't pull a Jeferson:)” haha
Is that purdue coach matt painter or Shane McMahon?
"Krauthammer: "Imagine how Obama will treat Israel after his last election." Jewish voters and friends of Israel, are you paying attention?"
yu like ignoring me bc that upsets me
UCLA football sucks...even coach P could not revive this sorry program
alright, you win for now. i cracked and made a twitter.
Congratulations on being honored as a NM Woman of Influence!
THE ONLY MOVE FOR TONIGHT IS #INFERNO FOR #SWEETDREAMS!!! SEE YOU AT #MARKETFRIDAY!!! TICKETS STILL ON SALE NOW. ONLY $5
10 lunar months.. better get counting on that heifer....
The lady on the bus just told the bus driver she used to be a hoe!... O.o
Hi! Thanks 4 the follow! :) & sorry I didn't get 2 call 2day, I'll try u on Monday. Happy Weekend! :)
why do you feel like shit lol?
right, not good for heavy use.
welcome to New Jersey Nets
: 's "Some Connecticut Gospel"
I applied for two of them! Hoping for some good news!
The Reef is now available on instant watch - haven't seen it, read some "middling" reviews middling?
I'll miss Webb too. And Jen if she goes to Boston
I remain Loyal even if you haven't been the best person to me. Its who I anything other then that isn't the real me. #Realtalk !!!
Drinking my a glass of my favorite wine, your Pink Catawba. Always delicious!
IN ORDER TO WIN N LIFE YOU MUST B SURROUNDED BY WINNERS
AOS: Flails on Shelf. Q: Quantum Interference Detector, R: (Alpha) Ray Spectrometer (spare), RayGun, S: Sharpie markers. T: Earl Gray (Hot)!
Yes - The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, which is about product placement and marketing. Supposed to be pretty good.
Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.
Pool side in florida, tuna melt at the clubhouse, then flight home to #thestorm, nothing my jeep cant handle.
Friends were finally boated out of #CinqueTerre & #Vernazza after the massive flood. Heard that 5 people are missing.
hulk teacher roar
Ouch! RT : Reading 'More Lives Than One' today. I think I'd like Rudolf Ditzen a lot more if he had kept his Hans to himself.
you caught me:
Oh hey Twitter hows it going?
#pabstblueribbon RT : We &lt;3 hearing what the red, white &amp; blue mean to you! Be sure to include #tideflag in those tweets! :)
you better ^__^ (: text mee i have good asz news you might be sad though
So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.
Don't forget all the prelims for this weekends fight from Rio will be LIVE and FREE on FX!!!! - via
Good luck with that! RT Plan for tonight fall asleep to and <3
did I just become a small town story?
#ff - all the great place to visit in the Land of Enchantment
IS verry happy umm if you want a free copie of my new book tweet me<3
So upset that I'm not going to see at madison squaer garden tonight!:*(
And people are really pissed about it.
Drinking decaf tea while doing homework, I can't stay up all night!
Hey, I have my acceptance speech ready to go! RT : I can't wait to accept my award for NFL Owner of the Year
that's awesome and I so totally get it!!!
Check Your Head
tried on an AMAZING purple ombre pair of ray-bans at saks tonight and now i can't find them online anywhere!!! EFFFF
Yay watching the fairly oddparents c: no studying anymore
6 are in the set
Lightweight bored
Just found out that Girl Talk is playing Music Midtown in September.. Gotta get some tickets asap!!
I miss my girlfriend a lot :(
done and thank's for ShoutOut :)x
feelings hurt ctfu
we need to get Volcano Curry of Japan in the inner richmond on the Stampt hype! they already have cards lets convert them :)
I'm tired. haha
i love milk chocolate(s) especially toblerone :p
awesome bro can't go wrong with family time! Have fun
Hope the bears, deer, fox, raccoons, squirrels, bobcats in our area don't mess with our garden (or mess with US while we are gardening!)
want. RT : Cute/playful relationships>>>>>>>>>>>>
apparently your skin has been kissed by the sun...
Supposed to be a nice weekend here in #pittsburgh...should be good for the game
Off to the mall for a show and then the airport later! Woohoo!
Uumm okay do u have a facebook
I am in such a funk. I'm lacking motivation and the will to care.
thanks for the follow!!
Why do kids get killed cause other kids find their parents guns? Why isn't the safety on or why is it near them? #whattheshit?
I think your Twitter account is hacked, just got a VERY odd dm from you...
Our analysts handled 222 calls on New Year's Eve, peaking between 10am & 2pm (EST). About half normal Saturday call volume.
Working on edits today, following my dream, are you following yours?
roses are red violets are blue , hes for me and not for you.
FE/J. Kaplan + A. Winslow: (Reading from a ridiculous adaptation of the script from "A Dangerous Method.")
Israel silent in current events. Eerie........
Big meeting today with creating something very epic!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~ Elizabeth Bibesco
someone felt offend
don't ever make me youtube something like that again
excited about the idea innovation lab. if you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret idea and vote for us!
baby,the day I'll stop loving you is the day SpongeBob will finally have his license.
The co-creator of the Berenstain Bears, Jan Berenstain, has passed away. I loved those books when I was a kid. Thank you for the memories.
That mix thing I just cooked up (see latest photo) was almost creepily easy to make. And I don't even care that much for cooking.
iPads rank high. Very low bar for younger kids. Wealth of interactive ways to reinforce classroom.
Career panel round two. Here I go
but maybe their teeth are!
My friend Rose told me on fb thats the easiest math ever. I told her "I doubt it"
and NBA playoffs
Taking some time to try out Sprout Social this morning, so far it looks like it will be replacing Hootsuite for me.
Have an email folder called "stuff to save" where I put emails w/ nice thoughts, compliments, praises. Bad days I go back thru & read them.
I like calling people boothanggg(: is my boothaang,
Thanks for the RT. Can't wait to be there in April for Casino Royale.
#Netflix put #StephenFry's show #Kingdom up the other day. I can't get enough of it
You're beautiful!
seriously. seriously.
Have you tried our tortilla soup? It's only available for a limited time, do get yours today!!
Okay yeah that's really not necessary at all
it's officially 3pm in ft. Meyers. If it is anything like senior spring break you are well on your way to hammered right now.
we're so there!
isn't it obvious wants a state wide office and is currying favour with the PG Reps
One more minute and we're in!
"Prezi motion sickness" is very funny. Low course evaluation response rates are not :) Come and see us at 2:45 @ South 40
You're gonna hate me....we actually don't serve them anymore :-(
Thanks Cal! The feeling is mutual. Our collective blood is definitely still past legal limit.
At the Milwaukee Waves game. My first time at a Soccer game.
The greater the impact of your task at hand, the more difficult it is to engage it.
#tosavethenflandimproveplayerhealth IDEA 1. Institute player weight limits by position, I.e. 275-linemen; 250 linebackers and 240 for others
Chiilin in the airport lounge in Frankfort with ,
whatever. I'm just so tired I never wanna wake up again
I just got you in a tigerbeat quiz for like compatibility or something. Not that you will see this or care. Jss'
Sounds like is having trouble with its feed. I blame chase towers.
Scanners get real quiet after someone gets off an
thanks for the post yesterday. Have a great day today.
boyfriend isn't as good as it was made out to be i don't like it much.
you tell him ChaChi
I think women who date Rappers and Ball Players should know what there getting into.
Luckily it was a pillar and not another car that I bumped up against. Did they have to replace the whole mirror?
Awesome! What's your capstone focus? And do you have Nahon or DV for 580?
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are.
Bohero award to whoever was responsible for the Fed Hill cleanup. It looks much better than it did after being infested with St. PD douches.
Client looking for a strong retail marketing manager - social media, email marketing, trade shows, e-commerce. details.
Sacrificing grammar for a tweet because it's over 140 characters..
talked to the guy in the metra station about the popcorn he said he'll carry it.
Joel Anthony.. Heat? Born in Mtl n played for Dawson.. I didn't know that.
Are you on a team for Reach the Beach? What's your team name and how is your fundraising going?
Dancers are athletes of God. ~ Albert Einstein
Visit our new website today www.luxecitizens.com & allow us to take care of you!
“Don't tell a woman she's pretty; tell her there's no other woman like her, and all roads will open to you” - Jules Renard
well whenever you're in town!!! Stop by!!
so think to make me happy.. Cause Adam says I suck.. :(
Enjoyed watching tonight, but it really needed some
Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair. Today should be fun
Eating chewy gooey chips ahoy! Yummy! Before my brother & sister eat them ALL!
happy birthday, my brotha! where the party at??
I wonder if I'm the only one you text all day long...<3
stupid white people food
HELL YEAH!
I do. I'm just frustrated by my own lack of interest and being unfollowed by people I once liked. Which relates to my boredom.
Nah, I'm sure they are just lurking to get some tips to help improve their image. After all, u know how 2 bring a dark soul 2 light
Haha like how huge?
Loves his new rubbers from #tirerack. About time I took off my winter wheels...
Can't wait to see my girl when i get off <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
What's going on #Seattle? How's your #humpday going so far? Hope you guys are on this #Bartab Bowl! Sending drinks to win a party? Awesome!!
Your the one who belongs on a red carpet, cuz ur my star.
Day off, picnic in the park, and my tax return showed up in my bank account! :-D
the sun will shine brighter on that day
Thanks #davidletterman for #drumsoloweek - perfect ending last night with
Condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of SDPD Officer Jeremy Henwood. He served his country and community with distinction.
We recently did the 1st season of Justified, and it was great plane viewing. I'm a big fan of working through TV series midair.
I Dont Like Following Other Peoples Footsteps, Cause I Like To Make My Own Trail -BreezeDTA-
Yes, Jean Dujardin is a charmer isn't he?
I have literally done nothing all day but watch Netflix and eat my weight in food. Awesome.
Shame on you! Parents were much older than me! Much much older!
RT : I can't believe that this Saturday is my last session at Penn Law.. I learned so much
There's no ph<U+1EDF> restaurant named VietNomNom? Inconceivable!
I'm just not sure I could bring myself to enjoy that beverage. Yuck.
Happy birthday to you ! We love you so much girl! Congrats and much gifts!
LOL, you about burst my eardrums it was so loud! ;-)
Co-empire building with at today...just as soon as I make it out of the West Side
Still got the info for the Jordan Brand acc. ex?
I smell trouble RT I still haven't come up with a compelling idea. Wonder if we should team up?
and doing a great job! Love the food and the tweets. And, if you don't need the front camera, a 3GS should do the trick.
I love you
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
*_* have you seen football on tv lately?!
That's like asking me to choose which son I love more. Really unfair!
Spa Finder Wellness week March 21-27. Call Now to hear about our specials and book your appointment!! 619-338-8111
im seriously so jealous of you guys haha!!! I wish what happened to you guys would happen to me :/
50 Year history of underway. The slides cannot keep up with what #dryden has done in 50 years.
Its passed my bedtime
I guess that's another thing I have in common with the iPad. ;>
2 unmarked timbers probably could have converted anyways
Spammin' all over town, friend! Change thy password!
Sigh. Thanks for the info.
What if chuckie was real??? #That would be some Shit
fix the ESPN site...its not updating stats... we all know you are an IT expert
You love to blaze? So do we.
is that english?
Might wear my bangs down!?!?!?
aw I miss you too.
Theres some bold bitches on
help me please
SO TALL right now on jeopardy
I am in search of a REAL woman
it is absolutely bananas.
Today is the big day! We hope you're hungry.
This is cool, I never saw anything like this.
thank you :))
the avengers aim to please
'You tweet too much'. WTF. THAT'S THE POINT. TO TWEET. TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET.
Very difficult watching Dateline - Remembering Whitney, loved her music!!!
You got a friend in me.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily n
If I were that person I'd say something about Android being better. Or at least more respecting of Space.
haha we did. It was the best Asian American story eva! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Company Picnic!!! We are all Isotops Baseball Game!!!!
So unfair.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MOONSHINE" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
wow that sucks
if heavy social use than should assessments also be social - isint that what you taught - problem solving through social resources
Sac Mac is short for our famous Balzac Mac and Cheese!
Wild thing.
That sounds heavenly
The results for this hashtag are amazing.
There a smaller time band that is going to be playing the 311 cruise this year. Definately worth checking them out.
last lacrosse game :( let's win this one too bears <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
All I know is that Better come hang out with us 2marro!!! Or ELSE!! lol
Just tapped the Amber Ale. Come by and try a pint from one of SD's newest breweries!
It's awesome how you take the time to personally thank new followers. Nice way to let followers know you appreciate the support.
lets go
#FELLAS: You a gay if u talk on the phone wit ya Mans & u twirlin ya dreads at the same time
Did you know? NEH has contributed $10.6 million to DARE (Dictionary of American Regional English) since 1970!
Data is good but when it trumps ideas do we not forfeit our imaginative spark to blind devotion to pragmatism?
My brother ends every one of his status' with "~P.L.U.R.R~213~ =DwBh" should i block him yes or yes
#packernation tell me how YOU do the belt!
My first west coast thunderstorm, this is so exciting! One of the things I've missed most about Ohio.
Rip Etta James
Lost in the Trees is up at They have a tuba!
It's always hard to see you've moved on and I'm still stock in the same spot :(((
im that nigga u fucking right....
Shontae Smith-hes not dead i am at the hospital now im his cousin keep him n yur prayers he is respondin n slowly makin progress
Has a new hero
Making music, performing, and of course -- dipping my animal crackers in Nutella!
Baby ima give it to u right , all night . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
what workouts did you do today?
whos him? that douche bag that thinks he can draw everything? haha jkk..
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!?!?!?
They<U+FFFD>ll deep fry anything!<U+FFFD> Check out #DeepFried butter bites and more!
No, it always sucks. Like most things in life, that's how you know it's good for you.
Bernard is an Official Temp Pin Up Squirrel for New Team Lunacy! Show him sum luv!
We're going to be making a rather large announcement tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!
goin to church to hang with my besties, & the lord!
R E T W E E T i f y o u <3 #GamerGirls and
Agreed. Loved the dog. Didn't connect. RT : Why did they have to tag on the star wars bit?
Fuck, I hate being late on shit.
i can't live with myself because i killed something where it was most safe
When you sincerely feel like you're meant for someone but it didn't work out <
yeah true!
ya i was actually proud of where he was going with that and then he said exactly what makes me love UK basketball fans
Keep your head up! You know who your "real" twitter friends are!
size 13 too
thanks. You sent an email not long ago. Can you resend?
Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.
like getting pulled over for doing 70 in a 65. Letter of the law, baby!
me nd lance were about to go out alone later that week but they didnt wanna fight me. We didnt call anyone to come out there
hahaha. What happened after i left?? why PEAB?
The XML is being fixed to remove the 'degree symbol'... stand by
Had just enough time to get some Rump Shakin' before the show, y'all!
Good time with the bros
"The audiences are suddenly getting bigger. And when they get bigger, I get smaller." - Eddie Vedder (Pearl Jam)
nice. Enjoy.
yes!! I choose you!
i dont follow polotics and im not going to flex like i do. spitting out random facts that hear on the news like i know wat it mean. yall sad
Is this truly the end of it.. /: I hope not.
"if you want one RUN back and get it." ready-to-leave Mom to kid
#ViperRoom 8:30 Inbox to get on guest list!!!!!!
All the kids told all the kids and my bell kept ringing HAHAHA life is great ciao . I remember my code now its my birthday cant forget that
I like it when a boy gets the door for me... and then hits me in the face with it : P
nice! And here is an idea: donate to women in detention x mothers day?
My skin feels like it's on fire :(((.
Time for bed I cannot build anymore props tonight!
Wishful thinking . . .
I'm going to deal with the name generator issue with my diss :)
84! SO close come on Heat take this
Thought For the Day: “The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.” – George Bernard Shaw
It does not matter what your name is i'll just call you mine ? ¦ )
Nice talk by MSR's Barga on "cloud opportunity: democratizing access to resources" #xldb - great articulation of where we are/need to go
It didn't work for me either, it works better the bigger you are though.
About to go snorkeling
okay...I'll make one ASAP...haha
I'm the fuckin' man, ya don't get it, do ya??
Comast is trying to to get the cable back. All the basic channels, but none clear. Periodic drops. Wonder what tree hit what wire?
Here is your chance to get listed on this premier website. It only takes a few minutes to Send your Profile and Photo
Congrats buddy. A whole group somewhere in my office that just cheered and clapped so I'm going to pretend like it's for you.
Thanks! Any help would be great!
Hey I just want you to know. I was on a very important phone call. I wasn't taken a shit.
I kinda cut her as much as can!
Well!! :) and you do?? #Sister Maslower
Love you
That's because BR is a dumbed down version of the Manga. Otherwise the movie would have been 6 hours long.
Feeling grateful and thankful today for the many blessings in my life.
Hummus festival? Wow, you guys really party up there in PA :)
I could sleep, but I have to be up. Nothing like getting your kid to the soccer field by 7 am on a Saturday.
tweetdeck lets you have multiple columns so you can follow multiple topics all at once. easier to do than in twitter
RT : When people under-estimate dancers and their ability<<<
he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and make-up can't hide. Tom Hardy?
RT : Quick contest - giving away subscriptions to Trail Runner Magazine! The first 5 people to RT our next tweet will win!
The quality of your life is the quality of your communication. (with yourself as well as with others). -Anthony Robbins
Up for the week winning 3 out of 5 days and up on the week,now we move on to #Soccer Saturday and build on a massive April
HP Anti-Counterfeit Mobile Authentication Web Demo - toner cartridges
at the bottom of a mason jar on Thursday.
Partying in Old City tonight for absolutely no reason ... break time!!!
Building great relationships while we serve others and make a difference... what better blessing than that?
LOLZ TXT IT~~ But seriously, I'm excited to hear this.
Who plans on watching UFC tonight?
Wow the crew can just not catch a break
Run through the field. Do it.
thanks for the worst day of travel in a long time! Nice flight attendants don't make up for the chaos on board of your planes!
Happy #EarthDay heading to the potluck today be earth friendly-bring reuseable plates/utensils like an indoor picnic
“: Every kid has pushed another kid as a child. Few have tackled to cut off the hair of another, especially in H.S. Sick.
Just Believe in you Dreams!
you know that point in your workout where gels and stuff wont cut it....yup....THAT one!! #musthavebacon :-)
how about we change it to Taylor is PURRfection? :)
Make sure you take care of your buisness r/s
If I wasn't so full Id normally go crazy for some.
thanks Simon! Looking forward to hanging out with you and Shab soon :)
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
Omfg. I just realized this, IF the producers choose the winner the Fanny Packs Gunna win, they've been in the bottom 3 times and most of (c)
#ATL! The Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-Up is coming to 11/10 - 7p-10pm. Friend us FB and Twitter for $3 off cover!
Fantastic! I had the dining week menu - the tartare and the cucumber panna cotta were insane. Definitely will come back!
I might be , idk yet...
thinking about ya and wishing the best of luck here as draft draws closer.
who are you rooting for the super bowl?
Exciting! Listened to a read-through last night of "Tenderloin" Theater's next production.
It's beginning to look a lot like
Look. RT : At daughter's soccer game and one of the opposing girls is named Costanza. "Get a good luck Costanza?"
Purchase your nye tickets today
I'm done
This market is heading to danger zone.
Never get caught up in the web of deception instead seek the truth in order to see straight through a lie
It was either Woolf or Dickerson who said one loses one's faith twenty times a day.
thanks glad you liked it:)
as good as the hype?
Mariah Carey - Circles
I want to go horseback riding in Mexico.
oh my bad! What did he say?!
No, you can look now. :) I just need to inventory all the "to-dos" I have left undone.
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here... - FC Kahuna
Thanks for the tasty food today - the kids and adults loved everything!
Work...work...work...looking for the light at the end of this tunnel.
There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
Multi Kulti Jam Session tonight....1000 N. MIlwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL 9pm to midnight or later....
Just a few days left of B2G1 free on any healthy chocolate or anti-aging! Email me now!
R there a lot of injuries in those races?...seems like a lot of slip-n-slides--nature's style
not off the top of my head. when are you visiting? i want to get out there this summer.
restaurants/bars w/ liquor licenses closing on blue hill while super sketch liquor stores pop up on every block=link,clientele
I know I'm late to the party but welcome back Andy Pettitte.
Statistics I will conquer you!!!
There is a Rabid monkey loose in Gainesville.
"Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.” (Luke 20:25) Happy US Tax Day everyone! ;-)
Let me know if I'll see you over at the #gwsummit later. Looks like a good group.
Booking Weddings for 2012.
Thanks for the follow, nerds rule! We will be following for sure!
Teaching in a few moments on E21 vision and multi-generational principles congress in Jakarta--it has been a great day!
There is only 1 Truth <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
hi don't give up the fight. I am a 3 year survivor. follow me for daily inspiration
want to ride
omg same =P
nice! They sure do a good job marketing AK. :)
or give up and move on
Get your imagery on disc? Hours of fun to be had with, e.g., OsiriX.
ps, miss you. Let's hang out soon!
Any business or website which calls themselves "The leading X in Y" is actually not, and probably not even close.
#GirlsLoveWhen You hold their hand in public, its just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved.
Everybodyy be safee if you at Ultra .
That's it. Everything else I've heard from him sounds like... well.. everything else.
pool basketball is easily the greatest sport in America
I can drive if necessary. Haha
i feel the same, you have no idea Jenna-I feel like Im drowning in a sea of young hot womens twit-pics- I can't keep up w/
I think you stand under me if you dont understand me.
I guess. I mean, after June 13, she graduates and ill probably never see her again in my life
I am really shocked that certain shows are being canceled! Thankful and his team managed to survive and switch networks.
that is jeff gordons lover!! I think they just got married in New York.
4am wake up might be early but group #meditation is worth it. Plus thank u #cta purple express for getting me to work on time!
I ordered parts from them for my last build...but with them so close now, I can build more and more!
I just Love J holiday
When was the last time you saw a really ugly baby and had to bite your tongue from saying it out loud? The topic comes up in my new play!
also if they kept the fun classes, the graduation percentage might go up..
THAT'S THREE DAYS IN A ROW
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hold the door open for someone who is too far away and they start running to ya
damn Rhi is looking at more photo contest!!!
well i been growing up i dont what happen i just like idk i had a gf and alot of school work and stuff like that
It's not a whip. It's a car.
« Just walked past jared Allen in the tunnel, who said, we've got to stop the run man. That's what we do.»
Great weekend.
The guitarist for Train looks like Howie Mandel in this video...
mon twitter t'a unfollowé. pardon.
Because most of what I watch is NFL Network, I'm watching the Top 100 again. Let's see how today's episode goes...
Uh huh
It's snowing!! And really, really cold.
My cousin says the darndest things in and out of his tweets Lmao..
jeremy lamb is the next reggie miller
One of these days, I will get you to give me a surf lesson. Be prepared to laugh! :-)
My least favorite cliches in sports: "don't let the refs affect the outcome of the game." AND "You can't call that foul at THAT time." #huh?
Huge portion of Liberty's revenue RT : Interesting fact: Of today's 14K Liberty U graduates, roughly 80% are online students
we will see about that. I mean, I could probably spare a couple thousand or so.
Have a good day at class
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
Its okay when its in a three way its not gay when its in a three way
Last minute audition for Two Broke Girls today. Was a blast!
“: People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.” yup
Even if Justin doesn't won any of the awards, he'll always be THE WINNER in my Eyes...
Head to the bar, and wait..and drink. MT : One of world's great quandaries: "we have a middle seat available if...
RT: ": iCheated On My Fears , Broke Up With My Doubts , Got Enqaqed To My Faith '&& Now iM Marryinq My Dreams (:"
ok so there are 2 of us that didn't get the memo...the other guy just got here after an hour and a half commute from kokomo...bummer
On the radio live today tune in 104.7 fm at 5:30
Ain't showed my Twitter sum love in quite a while..
john deere sweatshirt and i bottle of captain. hello finals week.
u can be in your feelings... I will leave u be. Lol
Thank you for your support. We like the clean lines and navigation of your website. All the Best!
I am coming from baton rouge 18 hour drive with a Saints fan lol
Ethnography and phenomenology as it pertains to the religious experience. My brain hurts. Someone buy me a cocktail!
neither was Garcia. But you covered yourself with sayin front court. You're good lol.
I know what you mean. My dad passed away a few years ago. I miss him dearly.
Thanks for a great KCS Workshop, which definitely filled in those gaps.
To stay on the land: 1) #Farmers must receive fair #price for commodities. 2) Natural resources must be maintained.
Zakk Wylde needs his own show -
some people do cleanses, to each their own. "she pulls her dinner from her pocket" has always rung true to me.
School would be fine if we had to be they by 2:00 and they had fast food restaurants inside like taco bell && subway:/
Pretty sure that took gold at World Beer Cup, NOOB!!!!!!
I'm guessing you don't like scary movies?
jersey shore all day and all night #yeah buddy thats how im spending my thursday :)
It's kinda awkward when people say "about to lay it down" referring to their body in 3rd person...
Happy Earth Day 2012!
reading from The Mezzanine by Nicholson Baker at the Palace of Industry reading with Alexis Smith.
“: “: Fletcher touts compromises, critics question principles The Mayor to lead us into the future!”
TONIGHT "THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW @ The Black Dog Pub 87 Island Rd Toronto, ON
Don't worry bro! She'll nice you sooner or later. :D
can you guys follow me plz cus im not a hater im a lover <3 #SpreadingThePEACE4Prince :)
I wish there was a high on and high off button when you're stoned lmao
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
RT RT It's days like this that make it easy for me to say I love going to mission :)
I should go back to reading this book, but I don't wanna turn the light on.
Sure! Do you want it a capella or what?? (:
i love thunderstorms.
Yes way to go Rangers!!!!
Counting down to the Verve Studios Indusrty Showcase. Curtain tonight at 7pm. Break a leg everyone!!
In 1994 Romney supported gay participation in Boy Scouts. Today it's being cited in fight for lesbian den mom. Yea!
My surgeon used glue (!) instead of stitches or staples! The good thing about that though is I could shower.
Am new to seo if u are interested share any information on seo techniques.
Sounds like a fun night!
says: I just updated my twitter moms profile. sa-weet!
Hee hee, no virtual refreshments, and my only clue is that it's AWESOME!
u older than me foo lol and u snitched on me lol
or maybe good day :)
Don't you just love these annoying girls behind us?!
uh daddy is mad at you cause didnt invite him to get pizza. He said she went to go get some good pizza and didnt invite me boyy!
on another note, I'm really digging fun.'s cd
701 likes! Thank you for your support and please "invite" /suggest us to all of your friends!
just a beautiful Friday!
Oy. After driving a Subaru forester for 7 days,my car seems as light as paper.
What can't you wit for bestie?(:
Didnt we learn from the iTunes store that the best way to beat piracy is positive alternative?
rosie you need to be on the cast of rhonj! your my favorite one!
I saw that quote this morning and I was shocked..the most marketable guy on the team and if he is dogging it-serious stuff.
Play to win
The anything goes cast made a video to what makes you beautiful omg??
that a burn
haha right me either(:< they shouldnt give a fuck about us.!(;
that can work! (x
there's an OTHER black guy??!!
Sad that Donna Summer died. Mostly cause Sheila Jackson Lee will get on TV to pass "She Works Hard For The Money" as the new national anthem
Quote, well who is me? Unquote, how different I've become, and no one understands, my dear, no one really cares.
The baking and craft talents of my fellow staff members are amazing. Now I have cookies that are too pretty to eat.
Going in
Bye Bye Sarkozy!!
My brothers tux for prom looks fresshh.
I'm a Leo......but I'm quiet in public.....but behind closed doors.....u gone need some earplugs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
how about "Riden Hard"
Who is making the pizza? It looks very good.
rain rain go away!!
Good because it's a Friday and I plan on both. RT : It is extremely acceptable to get hammered on 4/20 as well
ahha well your booty you know it big so i cant leave it behind haha
Now totally looking forward to your cover of Suicide Solution...
IM TOO good for him :] I've known this all along!
There are still two weeks for me... Why do you start such soon?
-- you're welcome
“: Yayayaya first swim of the season” jealous.
"Now, how would you like to hear a nice story about a bridge?..." - Buzz Killington
He's the man. Not only a man. But the GRANDman.(: Yes, I know. He's cute but not only cute, He can DANCE.<3 StandGrand
Need to get my real thoughts about this out before I actually have I talk to her. Twitter seems like a good place.
Just realized I've been using someone else's credit card for a week. Siddharth Coelho-Prabhu if you're out there, I'm sorry!
Stay in a child's place. I love kids who aren't too grown and know where they fit in!
gettin two new tires for the car
you can have mine she's nuts.
Wit these ppl dat are high as fuck and everybody jus ignoring dis one kid dat keeps tryin to talk lmao
Can't wait to get some pulled pork from El Rey on Saturday!
#FF Dude with cool stats. :) RT : Of 15 largest quarterly profits ever, 13 are oil & gas companies. The other two are Apple.
Love makes everything that is heavy light.
'To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.'
Holy acronyms, batman! Library science sure has a lot of them.
So we dont end up really screwing up here" J Biden quote of the day. www.newyorktimes.com
Yes, he's vetting his position + viability of the biz. 45mins. may be overkill, but I'm still in for the ride ...
Weird fact: I don't need to sleep until I need to sleep and then I NEED to sleep. But can't.
we will be using HP tablets beginning next fall. The students currently are using netbooks.
On my way to VA beach for the tourney!
not complaining just sayin. We are suppose to follow one another I thought. You stand by me I stand by you. Kepin it real.
but it was worth the wait, right?
It is great to see that the World's leaders are helping to address energy poverty.
Operator: “911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
it's good. Just trying to finish school so I can have free time back. How's the wedding planning?
This mans cologne is triggering some strong yet fuzzy memory. In a good way.
Calls for a National WEEK of strike beginning March 20
Who on the team wanna get something to eat right now?
I'm starving sitting in this hair salon
Not yet, I do Driver's Ed online.
Off to with to visit with some awesome 4th graders!
I would like to sincerely thank the people at Lollapalooza for announcing this years lineup and subsequently saving me $230.
I love you!
Let your light shine. Know that your being is a significant contribution in the kaleidoscope of life.
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever:)
hey folks wrong hashtag!
halloween costumes: tonight, wedding guest; tomorrow, scorpio rising or senile old lady in fuschia; sunday, exhausted traveler; monday, ???
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Also, I would slaughter entire villages for Penelope Cruz and that imperfect nose of hers. That is all.
I'm having a ball with these kids....smart as hell kids fm all over the world. This is pretty amazing...
Im having a good time they just tryna ruin it. #TeamDrizzyDrake <3
Thank You
where are you heading?
Lakab i'm be Chillen on a couch drunk
Disney pretty much invented the
very nice! thanks
Bye Everyone And once again thnx :)
oh yes. yes yes yes. whoever made that video is a genius.
Gotta roll with the punches and bounce back.
Wonderful weekend :)
Good afternoon everyone! What's going on in Denver today?
Cool, thanks for Following
If I see a mess I will go crazy lol
You ain't about that life
Writing Xmen script! It's going to be pretty awesome!
And a correction on that first goal? Dom Dwyer took the PK and converted that one
I like to think of myself as a social media courtesan rather than an internet whore.
Anyone of you life in Miami and take acting classes?!
AH! Don't mention chop blocks!
Happy birthday to my boy from the East coast! 18 is a big one! Enjoy your year!!!
Premature Wicket Loss is no laughing matter. PWL strikes suddenly and inexorably. The only known risk factor is shit batting.
There is a blue line train, its sign show "special", I don't know what special. (@ Metro Center Metro Station w/ 9 others)
So good to FINALLY meet you! Fun day, wasn't it?
hi Tristan. We're beginning a startup and would like to talk to you. Our CEO will message you on LinkedIn. His name is Tom Nassr
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
This #Barcelona game is upsetting me.
If you had an hour to learn from 1 poker player, who would it be?
hey do you have a web link we can promote for you?
well now that everything just fell apart uh idk
I gave up my iphone and now I have a galaxy note. I feel kinda lost in this world without my phone now lol
When everything else disappears, all that matters is your heart and soul. Make them beautiful.
Kinky sex tape of Lito Sheppard and 's wife surfaces online. Can be seen on most cheap porn sites for about $3.50
Why is it so hard to see my advisor?
I wanna get drunk ...right now
I guess we will see what Happens in the Mercedes-Benz SUPERDOME!! :)
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
Stay Strong Dylan<3
You know you're an REI addict when THEY start following YOU! My wife's not going to like this. ;)
me too!!! Unprotect these tweets! They're not going to get knocked up
that nap was on point but I'm still kinda sleepy.
I really hope she's not trying to steal my bestfriend away from me... Cause if she is.... All hell breaks loose >:/ :/
We'll work on it.
ME AGAIN CANT GET OVER HOW CUTE YOU GUYS ARE
A Monday factoid: Massage may be the oldest form of medical care as it is shown on Egyptian tomb paintings.
Usually when I have a strong feelin bout something 9/10 Im right
Love that the new Aunt Jemima Confetti Pancakes don't specify what the colorful "confetti" flakes are. You just take it on faith.
New iPad versions for: GarageBand, iMovie, Keynote, Pages and, for the first time, iPhoto with editing tools without the need of a stylus
Damn sometimes I just hate to be right....
Tell me about it!
I'd pair my book with a screening of Rebecca Miller's #film The Ballad of Jack and Rose.
You wear white and I wear out the words "I love you," and you're beautiful.
I love Ritz crackers too much.. I could eat the whole box.
2nd album in the works!!!
Proud of the guys who did work this week. in the and in the
U lied!!!! U says u had like 100 followers, u have 5
I'm glad you enjoy your night! hope to see you soon '
tacos for dinner <3
My cat snores louder than my dad
Invisible cloak bridesmaids dresses. RT : I just want protection if the guys are carrying swords.
S/o to my new follower Dnt be a stranger. :)
Our March 17th St. Pattys show at Madison Theater has been canceled due to double-booking mix up...bloodied but unbowed.
youll get a cheaper price.and them niggas say they sold dope..huh brother
I got you. Thanx for following me.
thanx for the follow
I better return my current envelope - I am not subscribing to any service called "Quikster"
RT : McDonnell tks off gloves: VA will be Energy Leader on E Coast: nuclear, biomass, nat gas, coal, offshore oil
Shdhdhdhdhfuebdfb is doing a christmas album ah
hey mama at home chillin, whats new?
glad someone else is enjoying this nothing going exactly like I want it too kind of days.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Unicorns became extinct when they lost their war against the forces of My Little Pony who were allied with Dolphins
Hell yeah, they're good :)
3, 6-8. Such an awesome series. Have you gotten a chance to see Hungar Games? People keep comparing it to HP.
I'm like cabs but have found some great blends too!
Are those actual people in the stands at #MSG right now? Its like a library in there.
Jesus: you can actually deal with Philly jury duty stuff online. I'm pinching myself to make sure that I am actually still in Philadelphia.
I did some quick research on the WEB and found out that by the 1950's, most livestock were not free range or grass fed
I am patient enough, but I am assuming there will be Louisville trips in between then
what are you talking about I'm confussed what did my brother do
Thanks for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK Rachel,
i swear some of these asian kids cut their own hair
Crowdsourcing Demand One of my favorite features in a web application is Demand It! from Eventful. The concept is
a sandbar in front of the W formed a nice reef break - I couldnt help but look to your presidential suite from the lineup :)
So you can slather others who desperately need it??
Omg so excited for NAMM SCHOOL JAM
Jumpstart DC Corps members from Catholic University perform Jumpstart your life too much fun. Who knew our Corps members had so much spice?
they're delicious--just corn and salt but roasted and fried so they're very crunchy
There is a difference between hearing and listening. Make an effort to be an active listener!
Adjourned, waiting for the report of the task force concerning unincorporated Cook.
It's not thin air. Bo actually did the thing. If he hadn't called in, would have been nearly as big. Already was.
Just tried a piece of React 5 gum and I did not feel like I was tied down to a grid of iron while being pelted by fruit.
Off the Grid quite a bit this week. New learnings. New perspectives. New responsibilities. New security access issues -- Real World, no?
My apartment smells like roasted kabocha squash and caramelized onions. I think I win the Best Smelling Dwelling award.
how is it? It's under one of the requirements huh?
Just had one of the best rides of my life, so thankful for my family, barn family, and my horse!
RT Its official. I'll be speaking at Fitness Bloggers Conference in Boulder, CO June 25. See you there? Yes!
It's late night n NYC, and I"m bored after having sex I'm looking for something different in my sex life, now what could that be
there gone
I thought we had to do the last section ? I have the rest of it done.
Being shy will ruin thousands of oppertunities.
funny how the digital native comment got the twitter stream really going!
probably doubtful now with two different builds, but they should have thought of that before!
they really turned the place upside-down
big macs look good in the pictures too.
How the hell was that a foul on lebron?
When people laugh when I say I have dyslexia it makes me want to punch them in the face because i do
OMFG I CAN'T EVEN. IT'S SEATTLE FOR GOD'S SAKE OMFGG FINALLY <3
Hello all! Sorry I have been absent. But I have been doing homework like a ggod girl. Finals are coming up soon. But I will be back 2nite!
I'm gonna start telling people to NOT talk in my face
Thanks god is Friday!!!
Power just flashed. The combination of massive power issues and crazy winds is scary. Especially being I have no laptop battery UGH
Some of y'all really be worried about what people think of you. From how "holy" you are to what kind of weed you dabble in. Crazy world.
Youre a great mom :-))RT : Mob Ties #MobWives sippn Mai Tai's....WHO'S READY FOR THE SEASON FINALE...I will be live tweeting!!
I just need a 77 on this final and for the weekend to get here already so we can celebrate summer. Everyone who went home is missing out.
I hope to see some snow when I wake up. <U+26C4>
last grad tweet. it's been an awesome day! congratulations on everything!
thanks sweetie!!
Somethin about a guy with out of state license plates ;)
Dude, that's not even a question. Take advantage of that opportunity!
I'm against crime. And I'm not ashamed to admit it. —Bobby Newport
Devon those are literally all my favorite sports teams....
I hate having to do things I don't wanna do. Like wake up early and go to a school full of dumb shits.
doesn't know what good dancing is
If you build it, they will come...
aw thanks my luv
lastnite made me realize how poppin southeast used to b an how azz it is now..glad im bout to b out dat bitch
#cheapgas #Escondido $4.07 at Broadway & Mission AM/PM per George Chamberlin
Love #telseyandco - wacky auditions with complete seriousness
#SignsaPersonCantCook..they burn pasta.
I want a hot man right now.
could I possibly be in the UK for the Diamond Jubilee weekend? oh man, oh man…
Heard the nat'l emergency test was a big fail. Definitely need to fix this system.
Gail, and yet again she blogged anger, indignation, resentment, and rage
No, thank goodness. :)
I immediately thought of you and your Where the Wild Things Are tapestry :(
#TEAMCHAZMARCELL New to twitter
“#ThingsILearnedFromWatchingFringe There's no place like home. Except over there. And over there..and that other reality there
You know how I do (; hahaha
My wife and I watch weekly, love the Gingrich interview and Reid. Yoy do a great job on interviews and as a moderator!
Going old school tonight. I am the voice behind the Brockport hockey PA guy. All hecklers welcome!
#reasonsToWorkOut to LOOK, FEEL, and FUNCTION better
you're being petty, you just want to put her in her place every chance you get. Just admit you don't like her and be done!
oh please, just open up your purse, reach your hand down in there past the used condoms and I'm sure you'll find some
Well at least it's not another Saw movie. Lol
is home...had fun with my friends last night!!
ha! Yes, that was in Wednesday's paper!
text me??
Nobody ever found hair in their food at Central Perk.
....IRU PRODUCTIONS coming soon....
PSU Slyder football boards. Check them out at www.slyderfootball.com
#301999 im the on in the profile pic :) xox
I thought pinterest was addictive now I'm saving everything in my pocket. Pinboards, pockets, links, Facebooks, tweets, work?
sorry:/ find seth on facebook. His name is seth centerbar. Tell him you can pay throug paypal.and he can work from there! :)
WHY does DUMBO sound like a war zone today? This construction noise is driving me nuts...
live life to the fullest, dodge the haters bullets
Wish I was there, too! Silver lining: I didn't have to get up at 2:30am this morning like I did last year
Well it's new comic day, so I'm good lol. How are you?
Anyone wanna hit up the movies?
I LOVE waking up to the sound of rain.
Adidas party doing it right here in tthe NOLA
what is this "radio" thing that you speak of?
This is true. And I have #pandora one.
Vodka: it's not just a delicious breakfast beverage.
Uh-oh. ": That sinking feeling when you realize your all natural deodorant is made of crystal dust and optimism."
We're monitoring today's winter weather. We'll have a decision about tonight's sessions by 1 p.m. this afternoon.
Awee the flowers are super pretty!! =]
if don't grow up to be a lawyer it will be a serious waste of your talent :)
I installed that same sink in my old house. Lowe's, right?
I started using colons too, just to disguise the em dash bias.
Yo bro, lunch next week?
man your on a roll tonight ~^^
I believe our touch screen products will serve your purposes very well. We would love to work directly with you!
Andrew Royal and Color Sound Circuit at Brown Rice tonight www.brownricemusic.org
I am so pissed off rt now I could cry. A 3 night work trip & my friend just ditched me for 2nd night wo a car. What a jerk.
sweet! Have you read the sequel?
Yes. I saw him in the distance....so fast...must have been line 6.
Wednesday just keeps getting back in here somehow.
#Salute Left It All On The Floor... Here We Go Again! Maybe Next Year! Glad didnt nobody wanna bet! Lol Go Grizzlies
RT : Super relevant content on the other end! RT : 70% of Millenials answer phone during sex | at
Never text someone asking them what theyre doing while youre on the pooper. They'll ask you back and you wont want to give them the truth.
Meeting with CPA next week and the incorporation process is underway! Very exciting :)
Seriously though, i feel great! GETTING SHIT DONE at worked....oh, how i love Sativa!
"I give tattoos to strippers and idiots" -/// lmao, that's awesome.
Just got done hoopin..
YES RT HBO Go has it. I watched it last week ;)
$15 eighth all day for members! $20 for non members =) Hope to see ya in!
Listening to our great team call right now featuring Glenda Degler, new rep! You can be a part of this too! Ask me!
Seeking intern
no idea who that is.
Players with a total rebound rate >20 and more than 1 blk / gm: Camby, Howard, D Cousins, Bynum, and... K Farried.
Irish music, Guinness feels like I'm back in ole Ireland
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Loaded Carrot Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Business meetings all day. Sometimes they can be a drain. Today they're energizing!
Just booked a coach ticket on a fledgling express airport plane to Ohio.
“: There are 25 courtside seats empty, zero energy in building and 5 minutes in Pacers are up 11-4.” it's mothers day
email me your presentation later
LOVED reading your tweets from the #SHRM11 exhibit floor. cooking tips from are always glorious! So great to see you!
soccer this early kills me
Need some poker chips? Come to ONE STOP Poker SHOP! www.eproducts4less.biz
Want tix? We knew you did. Listen to - They have them in the #BigAssStash this morning
": Working on this song for my buddy :-) #AmbitiousGirl" :)
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 20
Side walk chalk. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wish I could tell you the way I really feel..and to stop the hurt and pain I feel inside.
Thank You! to all the attendees of the Public Funds East Summit. Hope you all had a great time!
seriously the Boyfriend music video is just awesomee i love youu..follow me?
That good gangsta beverage! #idothasame'ish RT : #random I can't drink out of a can unless the top is turned
Thank you! and thanks you for the repost!
What if there was a Social Media Apocolypse? Would you have real relationships to fall back on?
parental units arrived last night. Ugh!! There goes any chance of rest.
Tickets just got cheaper for some reason from Richmond to KC. Can't say I don't like that....
wish I was w/you right now!!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ”
Bumpercrop had a really great pitch, not sure that there's a business there, but I know EXACTLY what they do. Well done.
Why doesn't NBC & NHL understand broadcasting in widescreen or HD?
Today at Lehmanns bookstore in Berlin, you could get your bicycle checked. Also, in nonbooks, we sold some amazing nougat. Tons of books.
you must be drunk lol
My stress level is over my head .
I love you twin!!!
Eat, sleep, fuck and flee- four words, that's me.
That used to be me an elyse song
Re MD's "millionaire tax" - "targets single taxpayers making more than $100,000 annually & couples making more than $150,000"
Yes, Kendra! We will be showing this on Saturday, June 30 at 4 pm.
lmao. I knew that would be my first response.
hey Liam(: can I get a follow?
Phone calls with >>>
True that. Example?
Remember when I lived in NYC and made $36k?!?! HOW?!!?!!
But at least she's wearing a bear shirt ;)
Oh!!! And i'm gonna be in your next video. Because i'm one of your biggest supporters out here and you know that!
How in the world do people find me on here?! lol.
I love you to baby<3
#ItsAmazingHow One person can change your mood so quick.
and for the people that think michael floyd will be available at 22, ur retarded
it was probably a little forward to ask for his number the other night.
haha nice tweeting lately, are you ok? :)
I've used Evernote in the past and have been pretty happy with the results.
When I have to take people home<
Pancakes sound really good actually! :0)
look , your followed again!
in Bellwood. Thanks for the wonderful service of running my pizza and check to the car. I didn't have to hall my little ones out
n its funny how u off alday n kan neva do wat I ask uma fix u dog
If you talk like bestfriends, flirt like first loves, protect each other like siblings, then you know it's meant to be <3
it's amazing
awesome . I think everyone want to see Axl Rose .
Amazing Quantum Levitation Technology Could Open the Door to Floating Vehicles!
Thank you, Shannon!
bigs? Trying? Oh god..
Wtf is u hatin on Like u done something for a nigga
habanero kick, of course. :)
lololol ashleigh wants all of one direction I just want two of them lololol
Tippy Tow Tippy Tay ,you gonna get a tip today ,fuck that you gonna get some dick today ;) Real talk haha
I saw a Hinman collator demo at a few weeks ago. The book-nerd's demo of choice?!
So we love football, and what's better than football and family on Sunday?! Who's your favorite team?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!
Congrats to both the Giants and the Patriots. They both played amazingly well. Real winners tonight are the fans.
lol , no im not
not even. -__-
Ugh why does uploading music take so damn long
New lyrics: "Laughing, tears are pouring from my eyes, middle finger in the sky, as I'm driving"
Hey we're gonna be having a practice 2morrow so we will either be fully done with So Far Away or a little part of Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Presenter asks people to pair up and think. I immediately turn to phone
happy to see the sun out in Chicago today!
avocados are really into peer pressure<aww their soft
Really? an adult, "which tigers do u like best-- striped or plain"? They're lions!
Okie dokie folks, grand slam for the Red Sox in the 5th. No outs. Tied ball game.
demoing install of the facebook chat plugin, turns out its a java plugin and leo says 750 M will now need to have java installed
Why it is impossible to send a message to all of my cms users OR export a csv file of all of my users is completely beyond me.
Ah-cassettes! Caitlin, cassette is a means of playing back audio recordings using a portable device with tape.
I'm in. Name the time & place.
A few half marathons. Rock n' Roll, The SeaWheeze, and America's Finest City. What about you?
we can finally set #MicheleBachmann on a block of ice & send her out to sea
You call yourself an eminem fan and you don't know who Bizzare is, whut?!
The only interesting matchup is gonna be whoever Kobe is matched up with.
A bike ride this morning was the best idea I've had all day. Course, I haven't had all that many today.
Also-Thor was the hottest followed by hawk eye...
Even up...4 rounds each
Need mummy costume inspiration.
to me that moment is a testament to how actors and directors play such an important part in
Thanks for the follow - great name ;)
Up late trying to think of ways to revolutionize the Human Services field like like YouTube, and Facebook did the 2 world
Well played, gf!
I am A new #Groupatic , #Teamfollowback , more developments coming soon.. Visit www.groupatics.com
Great day spent with 2012-13 #Fulbright U.S. Student Alumni Ambassadors. Good luck, everyone!
sounds good
Remembering 9/11... More Samples and Drops are up now!
Oh my Paws! The #Talent is amazing over here! #FF darlings: Sinnerman24
you're lookin for a lost shaker of salt?
you are, however my history with them wasn't always great...this one I am working to keep in the positive.
Chillin with baby sippin on dis miscato bout to cook this steak and shrimp! #EATGREADY!
I smile all the time
#NYR please hurry up and score, I have to pee. If I go to the bathroom I'm gonna miss the winning goal!
I'm at Denny's building my own pancakes!!! (: I'm so hungry!
I am Kay in the godfather
I don't think I've ever found Jeepers Creepers a scary movie.
Saw 'cabin in the woods'. It was pretty good, then it was *awesome*.
i guess ill get to blogging on tumblr, havent been there in awhile.
I would LOVE to see in your magazine because she is amazing and deserves it So much (:
lol nigga don't front. I bought every album Field Mob ever dropped.
They can start with checking the calendar :) But hiring you is a better idea!
job is clowning.... she got a 9-5 doing people...smh
Responded to FIRE @ 7 Sun Valley Road, Livingston Manor, NY 12758. Red Cross auto update.
Amazing night <3
Will Manu wear ear muffs to protect his ear laceration in the next game?
i bet the danish fans love u guys
Dr. Benjamin of quotes Moms Mabley: "If you always do what you always did then you always get what you always got."
The NFL players and owners showed how little they really care about the fan today. Tough economy... says who...
don't think he's THAT good.
lol(: I can see you and crying all day tomorrow and the concert
Today is the last day to get your groupon
How cool! In show w/Philip Baker Hall (imdb.com) Theatricals. Don't miss us in case we're not extended! www.newamericantheatre.com
I appreciated that Sarabande B&B's subtle flower theme won't cause death by doily! Lovely place.
#TellTribune keep KTLA! or else im gonna legally crying for a whole week at school..
Homework is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
Performing at 7:30 tonight at the Arts Mill in Grafton
That wasn't strange at all I swear lol Xx
I hope that is true. Otherwise I am very, very disappointed at the
Just filed today, once again I'm not automatic. Running alone for now. What's the group your supporting?
If I tell you your ex is dating someone better looking, #JustGetOverIt, and get your ass to the gym. I'm trying to help you
yes talk to shelly
I can't even explain how stoked i am.
i hate having fake nails sometimes because when i bump into something it hurts like hell
some of the best Christmas meals were in the mess hall w/some of the best family... Wouldn't you agree
xD I can't drink iced coffee, dunno why.
oh, thats you:)
Your my little secret *sings*
On this day we should all strive to reach HIGHER ground.. Happy 4/20!!
Finally, FINALLY, the video is converting. Man, I hope the students are actually watching these.
The best side is
How come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far I fall?
I love the people that donate to ASPCA on the phone late at night while eating beef jerky. "I only save the cute animals". (too preachy?)
#foreverconfused of what I want in life.
haha glad you enjoyed that :)
It is just soo complicated.
in both the written word and spoken word, buster. You guys ALL dropped the ball on this; but you're still attacking him?
lol so the kid who likes my 22 year old sis he's 11 he was chasing around a remote control car thinking it was moving on its own lol
Ann Powers of NPR Music: panelists represent global city and defy genre categorization.
I'm just playing devils advocate, really ;-)
Ladies if u walk on the dirty ground without shoes barefooted...gotta say its trailer. Keep the shoes on please it ruins the moment.
did they contact you about payment for using it? They should have.
Thanks for the follow, Lisa.
Before I discovered his account, I thought some other dude was President of the United States. #FollowFriday (via )
I wanna see in concert so bad.
The house,which was built a year after the Great Baltimore Fire, used reinforced concrete because it was safer.
Did anybody just see that big flash of light n day sky?
yes, and they came in costume as, you guessed it, a Mountie and a moose. Those two!
Resolved Problem with &quot;./ts3server_linux_x86&quot; No such file
whats good bro bro
Damn! This could be a Lifetime movie. Good luck. Call me later. Hugs!
Is there any easy way to pip install wxpython? I'm getting errors when I try ...
Looking fwd 2 checking out tonight 4 their opening! #congrats FABLE!!
sounds cozy :)
With Shanahan's track record in the playoffs, Torres will get 1 game, 2 games most and MAYBE a fine.
but I'm pretty sure they will have tix at the kiosk, located on strip across from mirage near denny's/margaritaville
Yes. I plan to get weird.
thanks as well!! Now we need you as a #Celtics fan too!! Lol
as long as u reactivate it within a month u want be completely deleted.
thanks!! Not sure what's next, maybe somewhere in Utah or AZ - Petrified Forest National Park has always fascinated me.
no thanks??? D move kasian d move
Why does everyone want their love to be like a movie when it only lasts 2 hours?
The first Chicago Cubs game under lights didn't happen til Aug 8, 1988 and was rained out after 3 innings
Good morning folks
Dr Who-themed burlesque act gives new meaning to the phrase "police box"
Interesting blog post - don't worry - there will always be hope for Mr. Cranky. :)
I dont need to literate... Books dont make money....
Oh good idea!
u need any stories to be written, just text me. Most of the time I'm pretty free.
do u know anywhere that will be showing Man Utd/ Liverpool game this weekend?
YOU KNOW WHAT ? WE SHOULD MAKE THAT HAPPEN ...
hi girl(:
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Tom if I have to choose between Moore or Garrard I'm choosing Manning.. As in I'm officially a Bronco fan!
Damn its a Good Day ! In My Gucci Voice' .
is killing it with that wrong song mix on gotta cop looking at me 1/2 crazy over here #Jammin!
In between shots. Running long but with excellent results.
Thanks so much for the follow back!
Thats great, glad to hear that, when she coming home?
yeah bro all is well. I haven't been able to keep up with the Stros as much as I'd hoped for either.
Grit on wry: A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard - CNN
So you are here today...no burns. Was yesterday's cooking adventure successful? What did you make?
Thx for checking
Greek life? Looks promising
Your welcome. Can't wait to share some incredible info soon that be so helpful to everyone in the industry.
can't wait to see them! I'm going there in 27 days and I am so excited!!
.: We used to have a word for people who helped us do journalism: sources.
It looks great on the wall. It gets a lot of (positive) comments.
": it's gonna be my birthday party since i didn't have one in december xD" I WANT TO GO. \(^-^)/
Wendy Chun rocking the Prezi today.
no idea she's engaged though. I Love hank
My favorite principle is that all content must be shareworthy.
Denise Armstead - dancer/choreographer, teaches horseback riding.
Excited that my book, Brand YOU, is on display at the London Book Fair April 16-18th in Earls Court Exhibition Centre, Warwick Road, London…
Don't ever vote for someone 'just because'
BRINGING MATT TO COLLEGE TODAY!!!! :'(
Jenna! Follow and this page, it's Delaney. c:
yay, i get a phone # for the orthopedic surgery department. Happy happy joy joy...not
#Seahawks draft DE Bruce Irvin with the 15th pick in the
how long on saturday? lol
. What an achievement. To shave time off like that means you have will like a hammer on an anvil.
We'll change that one, too :) RT It's kind-of like judgment and judgement, isn't it. We're loos(e)ing our E's
I love it when I'm Holding you. I love it when you're close to me. I wanna make you mine.
chex mix for lunch,I'm with u RT "Christmas" is a perfectly legitimate food group, thank you very much.
Barbara, very smart. Skin care is huge, margins are awesome!
thank you!
Yo. Check your email when you get a chance! I sent you a quick question.
I fell asleep watching Rupaul.... okay goodnight.
hey! you guys are 'similar to me when you really are! haha
Amazing 1st yr celebration weekend for ! is the best producing/writing partner ever!
Just finished my Christmas shopping at Amazon.com #retailmenot Now I'm ready for the horrible Christmas music to stop.
hahahah andrea andrea andrea
killing with the avi
Design and development to suite your needs.
Listen to "Rapping Up The Nite" - music by and more - crown.edu/crownradio ~
Teennick is torturing me. The episode is up but it won't go to it :/ annoyed
if thats the case mine are always hot -_-
SEATTLE FRIENDS: I have 2 tickets to Motopony & Bryan John Appleby tomorrow at Nuemos. They're yours if you want them. 21+ over.Let me know!
One more day of school until the weekend, fair, and lots of fun!!
Great post!
Mingle, network, get involved! #MilwaukeeHYP social hour: Weds, May 23, 5-8 PM, Karma Bar & Grill! RSVP to
I freakin' love you. I just figured you should know. Because ya know, my love is eternal. Famous. Chocolatety, even.
Spotted at the Warehouse Sale: sweet potato, barbeque and original , a perfect accessory for spring!
how would you build in time for tech failure?
yes. i would absolutely date a snowboarder. even if he has longer and more luscious hair than me.
Sitting next to , flailing over
please follow me :) love ya babe!! <3
Accidently left my laptop last night fell asleep doing homework
Adhere to FINTRAC/FINCEN regs by scanning and uploading all your KYC information online for easy yet secure cross-branch access in real time
Did we mention that this week's prize is a pair of tickets to both exhibition games?
S/O to can't wait to have my songs on their radio soon!
But I do give some good takes on Boston sports!
good morning<U+266A>
Text You for Teens helps your teen learn their value and gives them motivation and self assurance when faced with everyday problems.
Drinking coffee 3 bean, my invention,and eating Godiva (homemade) cookies.It's good being a bird.
Last SOURCE meeting of the Winter Series TOMORROW - 5- 6:30! Hope to see you all there!
Congrats #maryland! Bo #NJ, right to love for all Americans plz! #equalliberties!
Everyone PLEASE Go Follow My New Account >> :) I'll still keep this one as my personal but thats a second one:)
PS people with my number - phone = dead
That being said, I can see the Heat blowing out the Pacers in game 4. Hope not but . . .
Need some new shoes
Who is Edwin Maysonet?? Well people know who he is now. He hit a grand slam on national TV!
He's raking right now!! The Indians would rather have Johnny Damon though.
you arent camping though.
“: plz let us have a new divas champ kelly time is up”your right about that.
yeah not sure if its writting..or that Amy/Rory are getting a bit lame..but last season was just ok..
since you brought it up......haha
I luv u
Photos that appeal to your monkey brain.
I'm halfway through Tough Shit by Awesome read, really enjoying it!
He looks like he belongs on the evil Icelandic team in Mighty Ducks 2.
I'll keep you posted about it
Last chance to get 20% our services when you visit us at booth
Hockey. Baseball. College Football. The League. I'll buy the wings, who is bringing the beer?
i guess location plays a part in that. Tough for a major market at that rate.
Magic city series on starz. Is pretty darn good.
What is Canada like? (:
you know if Ashur would have lived in modern times, he would have made a hell of a politician! <U+E412><U+E412>
and needs to follow me(:
Ha i got chu
yeah.... it is what it is. i hate blaming refs... but they made it difficult the whole series
thanks bud! how is your application process going?
Soups to end the week! Try a bowl of White Chicken Chili, Turkey Wild Rice, Tomato Bisque, Split Pea w/ Ham and/or Broccoli Cheddar!
hah it's pretty fun to play too
they are getting hood rich, don't know how it is there...people here on section 8 with 40k cars cause no bills
I hate getting alot of homework in one day:~(
draw a stick figure horse with a knife protruding from it's chest. hang it on the fridge with the word "LOVE" in all caps.
sorry my phone is jacked up
Arbiters is only correct in certain context.
Idk probally add a number to it. Just like I did for my email. Or just keep reporting the page till its deleted
Of course. Don't take it personally -- only two people know my true identity. They have instructions to reveal it if I die.
Just posted a draft of my new song "Note to Self". I did a complete re-arrange on it, and lightened up the lyrics. It's swinging and...
800th tweet..n I can say "This Tatted up mega hottie is now following me" #CLUTCH"-->: ahaha I already followed you"
k you know the drill :P
I'm super excited about 3 hours in Gym!!!!
but she gets texts... clever cover up. Someone out there is a fake!
I would love to be on punkd and punk someone, i have brilliant ideas!
Hey Hey
Kristen Stewart, Tom Sturridge &amp; More Featured in New 'On The Road' Character ... - Celebuzz
Ugh! Cindy needs to hurry and put music in my mp3 player!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#FF Fun in
Right Right Right
sounds like a power supply to me
Man, you are on fire! The wit is string with you today. It's awesome.
So I bought my fish new food and she won't eat it!! !):< $8 down the drain
Even when God Almighty holds a web conference, I bet that the first 15 minutes are spent getting it to work. (But w/better on-hold music...)
u suck. Enjoy your chicken fingers homo
Amen! Thank goodness for us creative innovators! - Scott Thompson
I miss my Coreys!
who likes #greentea?
Also can we talk about how El Chavo is Dolly Parton's favorite bar? And the bartender said, yes, she really is a peach in person.
Any registered voters in #RVA please see that last RT & sign the petition.Just having Mo in the mayoral race will stir things up.
Though not the reason to go to conferences, a side benefit is you can tweet it. A way to take notes, reflect, share, question.
I think perchance you are right; we should work perchance into daily language.
First day of p4k festival
I wish Jay Z would hook up with Rick Rubin and do an entire album a la 99 Problems
Tomorrow wasn't promised today I'm bout a dollar
Obama says he doesn't tweet because his thumbs are too clumsy. Which is a polite way of saying he has a real job.
@ speaking of... I have seven diff colors of duct tape.... For what it's worth...
Did you know that September is Library Card Sign-Up Month? Visit your library today!
Happy Birthday to you!! Hope u have wonderful one!! :-)
are you still going to vail or did you head back to Denver?
wondering: if Wilders gets a UK ban for poss incitement etc, then do all the hate preachers calling for people's heads get banned/deported?
RT : "they say that wakin' up is..hard to do..." Oh my gosh, I just love him :-)
Hey Every1!Follow please!tryin 2 help him get a million followers.plz follow him,u wnt regret it.thanks-bri
Bi-curious is a term used to refer to someone who shows some curiosity in a relationship or sexual activity with someone of the same sex.
yes please :)
you are fucking killing it
what are u doing mami???
#DJLaz is going to LA. Tune in now to NBC 6 for details
yea she is :-) thanks!
I need a new intro and a youtube background, does anyone knows a good designer?
ok I'm not a stalker just like reading your advise who is your Team to watch and who is your SB prediction along with NFL MVP
Happy mayday.
I've been here for a while and I will continue to be here. I just hope I'm doing it for a good reason. That I'm not wasting my time waiting,
I think that's step
Isn't it funny after years of talking about the post-PC world, it is upon us without anybody really calling it out.
you were glasses me to post a pictures when you find them
But WHERE will it go? After they cast it…what's gonna happen? That's what I don't understand. But til then, I'm watching!
Sadly, Bar Kochba & his army were destroyed in the great battles defending the fortress city of Betar, southwest of
you getting out of NY?
#Economic Review: We have been having positive job growth. Do you think this trend will continue?
even when kyle screams i'll reign again??
I always think of humans as mini galaxies in a cosmic/spiritual sort of way. Kind of cool.
I've got you covered, no worries - what're your plans tonight? A bunch of us are at the side bar now
Not that kinda baby.
Hey Coach! Want to be our 4th in the Angel Babies of Hinds Hospice Golf Classic? Think about it. It's a great cause!
Visit today for some of the best science answers under 140 characters!
Wasup bro. I need to stop by and burn a track. My laptop is still trippin'
Went to dinner w/ 's mom. She had the lobster bisque.
Who needs a heart When a heart can be broken
Kobe really does this ball shit
Tree. Trimmers. So. Loud. Can't. Hear. Pandora.
#nw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Gn.
It keeps getting worse. Arrests. Suspensions. What the heck is Comcast going to look like nexty year?
Cuddling with a puppy, because these drunkos are driving me crazy.
Tomorrow is military and law enforcement appreciation day at the Balloon Museum! Come by for a free breakfast 6AM-10AM
Calling it a day. Tomorrow is left uncertain....
LADY TERMINATOR is a must
One must be serious about something, if one wants to have any amusement in life.
Looking forward to the rain on Sunday. Rain is good for lawns.
oh rough day Becks! Can't wait for some East Coast fun in a couple weeks.
In dance class bored!:/
Enjoin the weather;)
Thanks for the vote of confidence! RT : it's for the best pizza
michelle money is an interesting possibility. rt I do like Michelle too!
the wives of some of those Man City blokes must be breathing a sigh of relief! Then again there will be action on those streets
Connection made, with extra OJ and black coffee for the road from a friendly FA.
Come see us & get the best original pieces at #hollywoodshow this weekend! We're always showcasing something different & at wholesale prices
15 days ago I made a 6-9 prediction, we both hoped for 7-8. With a few injuries and Davis having to get a W while his avg. ...
What a short fantasy baseball week on Yahoo!
I vote for the gym. Go get em Brooke.
no problem and I'm good xD
vacation tomorrow <3
Summer is coming and I can't wait to start playing
OAN: that marriage proposal is still on the table just in case you were wondering
I heard that, we are wide awake as well, cruisin.
You should just be able to tap the display.
So this happened yesterday: My mom joined Twitter. Hi Mom!
I didn't realize it was on colored vinyl. Picked it up at Waterloo tonight! I'm very, very happy.
I know, but they are so good. Love simple cupcakes without globs of icing.
I did. You okay?
“: it was some fancy dinner I had.” haha di Kayla get to try it?
Feel free to write it in. RT : High school yearbook quote?
SHould be, but don't know for sure. Will know within a few days.
There is no cure for an addiction to "Chopped" besides more "Chopped"
good luck with the event. Sounds awesome!
Ladies, even a little hair on your upper lip is a major turnoff. Please wax that shit or somethin
Preident Obama to speak in NC about jobs
HATE ON IT
free tats for ur whole crew if u get me on tv or a trip to the factory fair trade? even though u got the cash for anything
Ha! good point. Sorry for clogging up the inbox with an inside joke fellas.
yea, that works. What time?
Jim, our driver, is still awake. Thanks for being on the team, Jim.
Missing my Chow Chow RIP Myko!
thanks brother
On my way to Austin! Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
Natalie portman is glad crystal isn't going to be mean. Cuz god forbid you make it entertaining for us
trim da vegetation,compact hash,afta seperation,ive begun preperation,imma start chasin da cup,one puff,high times cant get enough,no bluff!
Best night of the semester. Holy tits
#thereisalwaysthat1person that talks on their cell phone while working out when the sign kindly asks you to refrain....
Tim Tebow just proving people wrong
Bout time I'm home, let's go OKC
Thought so - hubby has the exact same one. (I bought it for him). Imma Saints fan. At least you weren't sporting Patriot jersey
Prof O'Leary is talking about the perils of multitasking. The last piece of candy in the box tastes better than the second last...
What did YOU think of the President's speech, GULC?
lamb is similar to Afflalo
“: I FINALLY found my favorite shirt! <3 <3” // Which one is it?!
Law and Order, then playing some League tonight! :)
Amazing. Could you imagine what we could do with 16 mil?!
Attending #W2E? Please stop by and say hello to of (client) in the Lenox Ballroom!
Eat dat pussy like some cold pizza!!
2011: Landed my first job ; graduated from ; met my best friend ; and made amazing friends along the way
Just to clarify - are you talking about applecare or applecare+?
hey man! can't wait to see you and the rest of the team beat Auburn tonight and Give God all the Glory! Can I get a Retweet.
Thanks for following!
Do you have your dreams crushed, large grey boy?
sorry, I was going for smarmy, not naive. I'm sure Mitt will have more, er, "flexibility" once he's elected.
Would love to see Montel reunite with Jason Losconzo at Washington St. Would be great in that offense. We should have thrown to him more.
It was great to meet and chat with Daniel Lipton, new Artistic Director of Opera Tampa.
They're nothing but "periodic SCARE TACTICS" put in place by the domestic terrorists in the American government.
Dense Fog Advisory? What advice do ya need? It's ZERO VISIBILITY OUT HERE!!!! DUH!
Putting together information for next year's #CollegiateDECA officers! Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
Happy Easter!
I will forever be a Simpsonizer! :)
Bitches coming up to me at the gas station asking me if I have a few dollars to spare for gas. Bitch take this 10 and let me eat my hotdog.
no you're not
SO glad tomorrow is Friday. Hopefully I get to see my babe.
A list of NJ Nets with higher TRB% than Lopez last season: Humphries, Gadzuric, Favors, Wright, Murphy, Petro, James, Williams.
seriously miffed yesterday...I'm human, not super woman. :-)
Data rocket fuel for innov know where you stand and assess progress against goals. Must get into hands of patients+ professionals
Running on 3 hours of sleep. My body is going to hate me by the end of the day.
My worst nightmares have found me. A bus full of prom girls.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. <U+E328>
I just spoke to SD-based and they confirm they are adding bacon-flavored milkshake.
I know this is random but shit someone had to say it. The women of this generation SUCK
Why does my mom have to suck so much D:
Why is it getting to me so much man...
Jamaican's love themselves some East Indian Mongoes. This sweet, delicious mouth watering fruit it an Island favourite..try it u'll agree
that was Arnold's fish on different strokes!!
uuggghhhh im getting frustrated with youtube !!!! i jus wanna change my username thats it!!!!!
Well, the cold decided to kick in. Today's agenda: email, Kleenex, drama, OJ, repeat.
thank u keep the swag up as well
Just propose to him already!!! ;D Hahahaha, I expect lots of pictures missy!
hahaahaha at first i thought u said "realy nigga no wifi" aha i was like.....is she still hacked aha
- very helpful video, thank you.
Yes, I'll be there tomorrow! Sadly, I have to leave early but hopefully we can meet!
I wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. – Donald Trump
alright.. who was it? who fell off the bar deck at #madriver in #manayunk last night?
I need some company I gota feeling I'm finna be to bored
ALL GOOD PUSSY EATERS TALK WITH THIER TONGUE!!!!!
Did she go with you?
I am just so lucky to have you. :)
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?! YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE #Bigtimechicago CONCERT!!!!!!<333333
I'm so so sorry Mr. B. I know how heartbreaking it is. My thoughts are with you.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 20
Had the traditional grated from Matthew's last night. Now I want it every night.
Confession : I lusted after an old lady garden stool on the top shelf at the garden center. My dignity was spared because I couldn't reach.
-- ciao e grazie!
spoken like a true poet
Oh, I figured it out. Someone replied to my legit links with spammy junk. Love the Internet!
Sharks have an entire week dedicated to him
well, it's official...surgery on may 30th.
I don't mind:) sorry I was in the shower xoxo
“: Big ups to my dude thanks”. Thanks sorry was on a call
SO FUNNY! RT I was the first woman to burn my bra, it took the fire department four days to put it out.
JR Smith rocking the KD's
Thanks a lot Cox. No Redzone. Wonderful service as usual. Are you even working on this?
Looks like Mark Geiger is letting both teams play a bit...
Don't know about that - you've never seen Linda code. Way smarter than me!
Hardest thing in life to do: put toothpaste back in its container.
Next Bus Leaves at 3PM. Hint Hint Give Gr8 Answers on Survey Perhaps Your favorite Aria Will Be Sung42StBrdwy-8Ave1866.8413505
Shoutout to my new followers! Thanks!
coach, will cowher or dingy coach next year
one of the new disruptive areas will be BI/Data Mining. Due to availability of large scale computing + explosion in data
Have a good weekend everyone!
lmao I'm funny iscell doee ya hurd , nah chill how you been tho ? Text me 12018502625
Libby says 55% of San Diego nonprofits think it is illegal for them to lobby.
i got.it last Night and so far its better than advertised, what u think about it?
I must get tickets! Erg,but I have no money,I better start saving now :p Haha :) xx
you're welcome. Also, pop lock and drop it. Maybe toot that thing up.
I'll put my money on Butler or VCU...
who DOESN'T love sleeping on the office couch?!?
Unknown is revealed. Peace out, bitches. -throws up deuces-
In your dreams :) Olympic qualifying ticket purchased. Hope to see USA v Mexico with a smashing victory by USA of course.
I hate how cable companies have made it virtually impossible to get premium like HBO without paying for crappy channels I don't care about!
hope you and the aussies enjoyed!
We've got your news after the #Heat #Pacer game, about 6:15ish. has Mom's day/night forecast.
Charity knitting project is going great! We have terrific donors, friends, and supporters!
the word or the action? I'm getting tired of both.
Been so preoccupied lately, I haven't been tweeting at all:/
This movie is funny af #Due date
#Ashton Kutcher taking #Charlie Sheen's place?? Hm.
Groupons makes me want EVERYTHING!!
New song on the 4th.
It ends just as he begins the content portion. Are there more clips?
Going to church (:
If you are trying to impress her, try looking at her eyes and telling her "exactly" what you are thinking.
I'll keep that in mind... thanks. RT : Mars ain't the kinda place to raise your kids...in fact it's cold as hell....
Honestly, I know nothing of either account or complaint. Will look into.
#microstories My daughter is so beautiful. If only I weren't blind.
right? Bermuda baybeeeee :)
#badgers look done right now, no focus or aggressiveness what a #wastedopportunity, Syracuse was ripe for upset
Not for nothing but how does the poor broke city of Newark NJ afford to pay for the Housten funeral today?
Thanks for the RTs and the support!!
We've having a minor API disruption with nearby queries in SimpleGeo Storage that is also affecting SimpleGeo Context. More updates in a bit
Lets start this weekend already
Haven't seen the nonsense first hand yet, but it's looking ugly indeed.
i want to get my license sometime next week. :p i just need to get my paperwork filled out..
Want to thank my boy for bringing me on Fantasy Pros 911 to talk NBA on this evening!
Long Story Short it was love
Uh Oh...I see you Rhonda hahaha making these late night check-ins
Passing through #Rossville, home of the legend
hey hows Michigan treating u
Watching Wall-E & Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort. /:
Unreal that 2nite I got 2 play Aretha, Jill Scott, Annie Lennox, Amy Winehouse, Jamie Lidell and Indigo Girls back to back. :)
Don't know what to get a guy for special days well ask him what his favorite team is and get him tickets to see it!!
Good luck to all of those students with finals this morning and throughout the week.
48-47 Faber. The Judges was on one tonight I guess?
J. Vilma out for the season? Are you kidding me?? Roger Goodell, you are the biggest pussy and ironically your the commissioner of the NFL
no i dont...just a tooty
Thanks brother!
Quilters: need to find a quilt store when traveling? There's an app for that! ttp://iquiltnow.homestead.com
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st <3 Thanks
seven more motha lovin days. can't wait to wave high school good effin bye.
IM A WILD BOY IM A IM A WILD BOY
Kingdom of Vegetarians was so good! Dim sum vegetarian lunch for $12. heaven.
I haven't seen any article mentioning Corbin. It's the Jerry Sloan curse.
No problem, great story!
..indulging in silence
Bring on the bloody mary!
: as Luke, Jeremy Jordan as Han, James Earl Jones as Darth Vader.
I think you have an awesome voice plus your hot
ii know its Monday, but ii can't wait for the weekend!
happy bday bro from milwaukee.enjoy and get healthy
Question for has your voice changed or evolved?
so, you're mad?
RT I say we dig up Turing and give him the Turing test.
Crap. Extra innings. C'mon you Redbirds!!!
Seriously though, why do I have to be so short?
thanks for following back celeste, you and piper are so awesome (i know i've said that alot) i love you guys
John Grant with his 100th point of the season!!!! Go Mammoth.
she showed me the text. (: and then she's like I guess u guys r going out. I was like no we rnt ! God ! Lol
U there for me. Im there for u.
Italian leather really couldn't be more addicting to buy.
EMAIL INFO TO
Is it even legal to ask somebody to work 36hrs. straight??
Sure tell them to email us :)
Are you a social entrepreneur or wannabe #socent, #greenbiz or #bopbiz? What are your most critical pain points?
I even liked the live feed. Imperfect and spotty, but good resource.
WHY CANT IT BE PITTSBURGH :((
#supportlocalmusic More live today then yesterday. Requests in the chat-room join me.
I cannot stand this rainbow wheel on my MacBook.
Maywether is precise
tonight 7-9 you can try it all. Every other tuesday we have a sampling of different brews.
Yesterday, I nearly missed a flight out of Honolulu, & last night, I missed the flight from SF to SD. Hotels were sold out, but I got one!
If Only dreams came true bhaha RT Standing by the refrigerator opening it every thirty seconds hoping some new magically appears..
#InOurGeneration losing our houses is becoming too common, stand up and ask for help!
TBH, I'd have preferred a top- quality indie coffee shop, but beggars can't be choosers. :-(
This humidity <<<< my hair has to go up :(
Have you ever missed someone so much that you just want to cry cause it just hurts? Well I do.. :'( #Ilovemysailor!
Reading "The Magic of Thinking BIG!" good book so far
i might have sold my soul to be there ;)
I should've went down to Ford Field and deep fried a turkey Downtown Detroit smells so good
Well, you are in Oregon. That's like saying there are Polish people in Poland. LOL.
PatMania 2 main event will be announced next week on the PatCast!
Branding is tough. So much competition everywhere
Looking forward to seeing it. At the network and just say your name on the board!
Not sure if school's a prison cause their moms pack their lunches, but some schools come pretty close.
just started it. Kinda slow. What's new.
what in the world...?
I just got slammed w/ 4 emails from 4 diff restaurants about making my mother's day ressies. I get it alread.y
Helping the American Grassfed Association with social media today! Please say hi!
great saison. Felt like I was working in a Belgian farm field (minus back pain).
Becoming partly cloudy this afternoon. A bit breezy but humidity is low and temps are comfy as we head toward 74!
Follow And I'll give you a cookie!!! :D
my friend thinks thats how the song actually goes lmao
Only invited speakers at LoCo Chamber breakfast support #dullesrail. Opponent says he was locked out of public meeting.
If two chains charge 100k for a feature how much does he pay for beats ?
I've lost too many tickets to learn that will call is always the way to go.
J-Mac doing his part. Lousy support from the troops. Come on Buccos!
The Titanic-docked in Pigeon Forge Tennessee.
Wondering what Olivia is going to do tonight #scandal-love this show!
true that
St Joseph << hospital I was born in(;
We work on ourselves in order to help others, but also we help others in order to work on ourselves. Pema Chodron
Aloha! This blog is not affiliated with ike kuokoa as listed on your web page. We are totally independent and receive no funds.
heard about that
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN THE CAUSE
you know d.targaryen is eventually just gonna wreck shop
My nieces are so goofy, just like their auntie. Makayla is hitting Cornika with a pillow and she is laughing so hard. They got me laughing.
Nice app. Have u tested for all states? Wld be interested in a version for our voting rights work. Possible? Thx.
I can see your jealousy miles away
Microsoft Academic Search has had RSS "subscribe" functionality for ~2 years!
I am doing a radio interview with someone whose last name supposedly is "Malarkey." Is that Irish? WDYT?
I'm guessing it just depends on the impedance of the output device but what if the input device has a built in amp?
Very important things happening here tonight..Meetings & Gatherings. Volunteers Galore. Also, there will be pizza.
Happy Birthday! :D
I'll see what I can do to stop this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm done with this buggy Droid phone. After tomorrow, I will be an iPhone user.
NO. my dreams are crushed. stefano, i love you. <3
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
Aww mama bear... I wish I could be too. Missing you right about now.
oh okay.
Gotta think the guy on TV made an honest mistake while live on the air. No excuse for putting headline on website.
Mission accomplished! Wonderful :-)
yeah i hope so
that's made me wanna poke my own eyes out sum ppl just should not dance
I'm listening to 700wlw n the reds fans r not very happy with Dusty. Get Kate in there to call the shots.
looking forward to it either way. I'm down for #lobbycon if it comes to that.
BAD GUYS IN MOVIES: "But before I kill you, I want to tell you this really long story so you can be saved." (-_-)
no offense and defense
We read comics we do not watch comics.
Make sure to Tweet a #FF with so everyone can be kept in the loop for our next event!
um no? haha yes...
how are they gonna beat thunder..when they can't even beat the nuggets. lol
idk if its drinking and cheifing all night but im trippinn out
I guess my #shamelesselfpromotion could have been even more self-promoting and shameless ;-) 'Twas an amazing experience.
When people can't do something, they will do whatever it takes to talk down on whatever it is. I'm here to say you can do it! Go for it!
#tablet market is blowing up!
I don't like freestyle dropped everybody check it out and show love
Might I suggest the cake batter?
oh great. now that I know what bezoars are I can have nightmares about them.
Katy Perry would though and she makes the world go round.
Indu Subaiya up on stage at
I just figured out what I broke in my timeline overview this morning. Smart quotation marks vs. plain ones. GAH!!
Sounds like bliss. RT Go for it! I'm having Stone Levitation with Sugar Babies right now!
That road trip after SF makes we wonder..... We'll find out because Grienke and Yo are going 2x apiece on that trip.
This night has just went down hill .
'none of this is clear cut' agree fully. engagement is not linear #multichannel participation can be highly fragmented
Lying ass rat.
Thanks for the heads up!
lol I HATE math the onle class I like is pe
Keema's a punk she won't do anything :P I'm going to bed! Goodnight!
Is it bad that that gave me a pit in my stomach?
What's that word I'm looking for F______ it. I give up
I have 1/3 entries still alive.
1.5 gen? That's me! Maybe I can sneak out of mtg early and can join me?
looks yummy and dangerous. I have ramekins but know better than to go down that path! LOL
I can't stand her talking to you. I just don't like her -.-
Hilarious. Also sad. I remember Stuart saying to look that up, but I never did. Must make him sick.
No he won't. Bron will get one this year. Durant will get one in about 4 years.
You said it buster!
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Adam beckoned^ Eve, his wife, to conceive, and she gave birth to Cain, declaring, "I have conceived the human manifestation of Jehovah."
Right, basically.
gonna howl during the eclipse. no reason. it just sounds like a good idea.
As if any person i involved myself with was better.
The Shave Barbershop Miami Beach Best barbers Call For More Info 305.866.1940 back to school Special Just $ 10 Dollars Yeah Just $ 10 Dollar
HAPPY bday to LISA roger's BDAY bash in HOUSTON tonight...
I hate how mexicans think Idk spanish
agreed! Went to the Yankees series and the crowds were pathetic!
if you don't shutup you'll be in trouble
Happy hour is now happier! Now late night specials daily 10pm-close at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill. (daily happy hour still 5-7pm too)
Thank you for your time & effort.
I'm so freaking tired. I want to marry my bed.
you're the one skating around the foyer with your soccer socks. :l
I cant even close my eyes without thinking about you. Its gonna be a long night.
Something's just not right he always comes & stays w me wen he gets off work early
please follow me back
Life is to short to sit around being miserable.
Yay for the Holiday Party! Can't wait to see these #whiteelephant gifts!
Does anybody besides me miss old cartoons. The ones that use to come on Saturday morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> one day
Martin: reward schools help create a better accountability system, can't focus only on the negative
Have a great weekend everyone!! Cirqa-Real Connections, Real Time, Real Life! Please register for the beta version at mycirqa.com!
I'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home! lol
Man Bynum need to call Ron artest psychologist too...
Yay Friday! Any plans for the weekend?
go that way really fast if something gets in your way...turn.
What a fantabulous morning working on macro analysis of carbon neutral growth, rock on!
yeah, that's all, and if you can spread it as well, he already filled a report on it with his email before it got changed
Complaining about an 8 hour delay in Amsterdam indicates a lack of imagination
At the Dog tonight Torque...Full Throttle Improv!
"Watch me move to hip-hop classics ....." Some of these commercials make me want to put a bullet in my head.
Great morning with church family. Lunchtime with lovies. Catch up on cleaning. Relax on patio.
Himmelrich PR has an opening for a PR account executive. Details on the firm's website at www.himmelrich.com
Not happy Nene is leaving Denver
Tired of drama and tired of sharing a room.
Nothing I ever fucking do is right.
lmao at Brian Fallon talking about Park Slope moms pushing strollers at this concert!
People these days don't know their worth and they are willing to settle for whatever they can get and settle for whatever ur willing to give
oh no I hope everything is okay?!
You cant help someone who will not help themselves. Done with the bullshit excuses from people who want 2 get paid but don't want 2 work.
In the store, thought I had something only to find out when I get home that it is not in the fridge !!!!!!!!
My perfect day would be shopping, Chinese food, movies, and Starbucks. c:
There is currently a 73 degree differential between the temperature in Houston and the temperature at my field site.
Potlikker Noodles with Mustard Greens Recipe from Bon Appétit
come get your new #summer hair color at sbs today and receive 15% off. And play some old nintendo while processing (773) 252 - 9522!
Questions next on
Thanks for the chat today Good stuff.
Yes, it's about time!
Need a little motivation. One Day at a time and Passion 101 by R. Shamar are available at iTunes, Napster, Amazon, etc. www.Rshamar.com
is cleaning the condo w/ one of her favorite boys. :)
Oh yah!! RT Franklin College Football Coaching Clinic sponsrd by Lids will be held on campus tomorrow...expecting great crowd!
Scott Brown said he was filibustering financial reform to get some changes for in-state biz. GOP has now caved. Did Brown get a result?
Going to the #Caps game tonight? Take advantage of our fantastic Happy Hour and pre-game in style before heading to the Verizon Center.
I knew I would leave someone off. Can't wait to see you too! RT wow love you too pal!
The United States government ought to rename its foreign and security policy "Unlimited Checkbook Diplomacy."
Seminoles are the Shit No if ands or buts about it
What conference for Farmers was held in 1892 at the Tuskegee Institute? Let us know your thoughts & see AmericanLegacyMag.com for answer
first tweet from new MacBook Pro!
so much for that last update :-(
Good Sandi, looking forward to your PPC class today!
when's your book going out? best Simon
The way ppl treat others is just a crying shame! :-(
hell yeah it was. M
Whoa! No comment RT : A punishment in Ancient Greece for adulterous men was the insertion of a large radish into the rectum.
Yes. Listen at little after 8 tonite! RT : are u playing the new single yet?
Oh noes! Not the killer THC!!! :x
Congrats to of #Flyers for #NHL weekly honors. There's something lyrical about the phrase, "Scored a goal with his face."
Looks like you're trying to buy from You should reply to their tweet with only the word buy. No exclamation.
Come on #ESPN get it together with these technical issues with your live FFL
swag stops the minute I throw up
the mind reels, I mean what are the other two?
Ready for my PPL to start
Too much tweeting. It's actually only happened to me on election nights before. lol
Who knew tanning could be so relaxing.
That one goes to the grave with me.
Finally, and I are on the same page.
Does anyone else bump Stevie Wonder these days?
Good hows yours been and whens your next live chat? <3333 :))))
Hi Jen! Sorry i missed you in person! RT : Hi Jess!
goes well wtf ya right bunch of shit!
ALRIGHT GASOL!!! Thats the kind of stat line we need from him
Golf-Frenchman Dubuisson leads in Korea as weather hampers scoring
follow me! :)
LOL, was not in Chicago. PTL, just helping the Districts pitch their local media. Excited for Ft. Woorrrtth
Things are good. I have Ichiro on one team too. Glad baseball is back.
Cool, thanks so much!
Life is full of mysteries.
Oh you fancy huh?! Lol that's a tad far though
exactly! Smh and why tami always chewing on some gum or nuts or something lol
Had a long week
Getting my nerd on watching #CharlieRose. They are talking about the brain. And how it works or tries to lol
Honor Band Workshops are awesome for kids learning to play instruments. We have full music staff to help + rehearsals + theory
This would be a nice spot for to pinch hit, were he healthy. LHH and swings HARD!
I'm not going to lie. is fake. She has no proof like I do.
happy b day i hope u are having a wonderful day :)
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO ! #WWE # Wrestlemania
May the 4th be with you, and tomorrow is revenge of the fifth. My life.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. – Malcolm Forbes
Saw the film Trade. Disturbing but good.
I would kill to see live!!! When are u coming to #CHICAGO LOVE?!?!?!
bummer! we'll record and post to vimeo though
#MyFavoriteArtist usually gets industrialized after everybody starts to hop on that wave (50Cent, Lil Wayne, Wiz)
Litigation Researcher Opportunity for Large Law Firm in Denver! MLS or JD and at least 3-5 years of experience. Email katie.cyboron…
good!! you deserved it after all the prep you did to make our tweet up SPECTACULAR:)
Top 9 countries that like Living Philanthropic: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, India, Philippines, Singapore, Brazil
WHAT?!! oh dear. It really helps for mild injuries.
Awesome! Come check out our studio next time you're in LA.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song. Chinese Proverb
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Got there in time. Your presentation was great. I'm going to play with the demos tonight.
wow never thought a show could be as boring as #luck i want my 25 min. back before i fell asleep..
donelio! <<< See what I did there! Your names constancio? Its kida rhyme lol!
Glamorous travel day! Canceled AA flight phx to dfw,now on DL thru SLC-flat tire on plane will arrive DFW early am-patience is a grace.
$640 Million Lotto?! This is going to be more competitive than The Hunger Games!! It's on!!!!
Look at this spider it looks like a tranchilla!! hahaha
yeah its 13 I just checked my calender
There's a fire starting in my heart.
I love you all(:
I love me.
Word is starting to spread, people need our help, please considering volunteering for our organization!
Amazing performance by Humber. have a bad ass rotation. This is going to be a fun team to watch.
PickUpLine: I can sense that you're a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
Woke up singing "Hands in the air, Drinks in the air... L L Let it fly" mainohustlehard got a hit cuz Roscoedash is one catchy nigga
is a class act!
If youtube twitter and facebook join into one they should call the website youtwittface.
At architecture + design film fest: up nxt, Zaha Hadid!
Oh no, that looks ugly. Please just be momentarily stunned, Hoss.
And that's all they played!!! Thanks for either stopping by or watching the livestream! Re-air will be soon! Stay tuned! Peace!
don't think I won't. Bring beer. Lots of beer.
why Milwaukee is named the Bucks is easy.
The 's Michele Woods says there's no apetite for copyright term extension. Check back in 5 years.
Tweeting & Not texting back <
#soctech just starting Pablo & Andrew in Nashville. We are moving right along towards live feed!
Great story 'bout #Oxy students driving friends to see their families during #lariots, Angelica Salas ,
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Freezer Persimmon Jam 3.78 / 5 Stars | 9 Reviews by sara "Imagine spreading this tasty jam on a fresh, hot biscu
I hate college, but I love all the parties. Finishing kegs, and popping bottles of Ricardi.
It's been THAT kind of day so far. Trying to get rid of the little black cloud. :(
it's just a wisconsin thing i think, to love bacon- ladies and gentlemen
On set for a Disney Land Industrial for a new ride!
Looking forward to upcoming short film called "Deadline" in which I play a mother with an ultimatum. Shooting is in July.
If you pray for other ppl, please put in a word for my neck/back pain- it's outta this world & I need that grand level of help!
ik how you feel :/
Hair is wat I love to do that's why my hair is Neva # a mess
Tomorrow I'm going to tell this mechanical engineer major that's in my calc class that I think he's sexy as fuck. But I'll be more modest.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me6
Zach Morris > Zak Efron! RT For my female followers, I just sat at a table at lunch next to Zac Efron
Belmont selectmans mtg about bike committee tonight ("pick me! Pick me!" Ahem)
I saw Rich Davey kissing Santa Claus
Seems like time has flown by. Getting back to planning the Parlor Series. The ideas are flowing like coffee on a Monday morning!
Ivan definitely second that! Swimming holes, camping, beaches, BBQ....
"We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men." [George Orwell]
My night off, & finding it very hard to sleep
In 3 weeks they'll send a post card saying whether on not we made it.
Are you going to the Mary Kay Andrews meet and greet tomorrow at Tifton Library? We hope to see you there!
where will you guys be at this week?
South Carolina endorses open marriage. How progressive of them.
wow, one of your commenters equated blond jokes with racism. That made me almost ill
im so board anyone wanna chat?
let get money people fuck da haters
"Sitting on a humdinger"
#IneverUnderstood how could sit on my face without smothering me, "butt" so far so good..
Do you have any spooky faves?
I just finished a 3.31 km run with a time of 20:22 with Nike+ GPS.
Uli Mana Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Her: i did all kinds of crazy things last night while on ambien. Me: like what? Her: I downloaded an app and tried to read my future
no more vodka for you.
Very excited to be involved as a dancer in an upcoming music video :)
BABY COLTER FINALLY MADE IT TO THE WORLD :)))
When I'm missing a couple of followers, I check my guru to see if I've misplaced my favorite tweeters. So far so good! ;)
I say get rid of all the children!
Same difference, except for the ad campaign. Look at me, I'm on a horse! :D
Great information on branding and PR. Thank you Joy and Kristine.
M Chris brown
wow thanks for sharing your Pinterest boards. You guys have done a great job! Totally following them. :)
Mister Belding ate all the Cool Whip
When sees u in the street and asks where he should eat I start getting worried. Is the world about to end?
I'm really more of a "Words With Enemies" kind of guy.
The 10,000 dollars would go to my college education.
sounds good!
I thought the same thing. RT : you making another baby?
Just once again you guys were amazing last night!
don't stress me out.
Second day sitting around car repair wait room at dealer, NJ, in daytime TV hell. Today no wifi agghh.
RT : Q. What's the best way to turn your blog into a social business? #latism < to learn from the
SO glad to have an iPhone again
PR in "Real-Time" pulsing people, party politics of business, industry-moguls of our time in "Real-Time."
I love how Kimmy's mom is never in the drama.
rip kenny powders
got my phone confiscated in school :(.......again
they run true for me but i know some friends have gotten half size up
to the guy walking around in shorts with a beanie on.. It's 80 out bro
all those people are so lucky! Grr I wish I lived closer to Miami. But I'm determined to meet you. It will happen someday(:
Scarlett is sporting "McConaughey just did me backstage" hair
To all experienced library managers out there: Do you have any advice for newbie managers?
maybe he is a good leader, which is more important then athletic abilities?
give the king slayer a hand!!
Two days hiking in Summit County sprinkled with a little work. Is there anything better than
" Keynote on 3 rules: Fun. Equals. Productive. #nitlesym" If only the workplace could be so.
": Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning" can't wait!
Disappointing Sunday night. What's up with the Giants this year?
playin the hell out of this mario kart 7 my bro got for xmas straight killin lol
i have my DG anchor pin on today, jealous?
Hey, #Twitter fans! Can you help us get to 200 followers today? We're less than 20 away!
"He who has begun is half done. " ~ Horace
I need to stop over thinking things.
#pinchedtoosoon wet wipes rule!
Panel: let's not move away from looking at the rural south.
Tattoo time with !
Free for biglaw lawyers: write me for a copy of my business plan template for lawyers. Start of 2012 off right.
That's what women do? Drive around and buy groceries?
Thanks and Happy Friday :)
#AGirlDeserves a ring on her finger and a smile on her face .
niggas be fakin it up, im dat same ol glen oaks nigga, what abt u?
I'll have to look!
BLAH BLAH!!!!
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Happy Birthday! Hope Chris got you some damn good beer today...
Thanks, guys! Exciting stuff!
Hey Krisitin, I am just seeing how everything is going.....
Speaking to this morning on #Goldsmith's redevelopment item for tonight's council agenda. Watch @ 4, 5 & 6.
Maybe just down the street! You'd love it Jason! Pool + Man Cave! Nuff Said.
Lee Trevino: "Keep that left shoulder and the club head together on the way back."
I'm here to make a killing so say hello to the feeling cause in this day that we're living, the nice guys finish last;
Great interview with Gorilla Zoe last night! 's Invasion Radio
ha. agreed! enjoy that brutal class tomorrow...
RT : Stop holding on to stuff that sucks, like your job. Start making room for stuff that makes you feel good, like whiskey.
Yes sir… C.J. Watson in my Bishop Revie Rev voice!!!
Netbook is to paperweight, as Center Grove Computers are to demon-spawn-of-junk/problems. True story.
#sxsw going strong. Just saw a guy with a raindeer on his shoulder
u were amazing!!! X
Need to take a break from cardio. Not sure what I did, but my knee just isn't right. Feels swollen and like it needs to crack.
Word. Yalls team good. Might get us.
“The first wealth is health.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
Finally found the solution to my IT problems. What a wasted morning!
YOUR PROBABLY GONNA BE MORE POPULAR THAN JUSTIN BIEBER(:
Minus the love story, that is.
All the things im going through, you're one of my main focuses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"What Makes You Beautiful" by sounds like a mix of "Summer Nights" from #Grease and "Superstar" by !
are you playing the translated psp version btw? or ps2?
Everything above Corey Brewer's shoulders is just as bad
Should probably not be allowed to listen to Bartók when: A) I am this anxious, and B) I have this much caffeine in my system
yes! but i dance like that too so it's all good!
Thanks. More to come on the new site, hopefully soon
In preparation for my 2,000th tweet, I just went back and re-read the first 50 or so that I had ever sent back in 2007 & 2008.
me too; better to be the patron!
It appears that I am rather sunburned. Oops.
Owe no man any thing, but to LOVE one another: for he that LOVETH another hath fulfilled the law. ~ Romans 13:8
Left my freaking lights on and now I'm stranded at Monical's. FML
thank you!
a man of your stature is always welcome in our establishment sir. I look forward to your visit in the near future!
Hey guys! Been MIA since our last video. We've got some cool stuff for your starting next week :)
oh it hasn't rained it I kinda needs to tho cause its been hot. I been good excited tomorrow is my last day of school.
My head hurts bad
thanks so much!!!
I IM my cell to you on FB. Xoxox Shuga
yep I'm officially worried.
lol sounds like a road trip, not a repair service
Ok, I'm home
Why yes, I would like to accept these committee appointments.
Cherry Creek Damn road closed.
Good to hear a Texas team made it. Maybe that will divert the Cowboy's bad press
Kitna! If he wins the game we can trade Romo on Monday!
do you have the song?
Hi Ed, i am glad to see how you are embracing collaboration even out of the firewall. Congrats
Willy Wonka said it best "liquor is quicker" also generally more expensive and more time spent making drink.
no why did u tell him about me
I'm extremely horny right now. RT if you think I'd be a good fuck! :-)
true story.
Making faces at my dad in the mirror to make him laugh and make my mom mad.
hahahahah. Made my day.
I've been watching since episode one, but watch it at work on the low, lol! #Huck went #Huckrazy! LOL!
the boyfriend music video comes out today , or ?
Search works best when you know what you're looking for
hey punk text me =)
thanks boo!!
With our manager and at
A painting is never finished – it simply stops in interesting places.
Drink up Bitch
hey strangerr! How have u been
But first I'm going to register our Twitter accounts w/ ArchiveSocial so our Electronic Records staff can test it out.
Happy Thanksgiving!
isn't she incredible?! So nice, too!
kk. I'll tell u monday
Kevin Hart. #toofunny!
ok, let me know if you run into any issue later on
Todaay Shouuld Be A Good Day , iCan Already Feel It !
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do
Come support NYC this year at their PROMISE BALL in November.
“If you can dream it, you can do it.” -Walt Disney
I'm now officially following you sir
hahaha or go to sleep and pray it charges?? Plug in into your laptop to charge? If you can
Begin and end you sales letter with serious consideration of the opening sentence.
Is The Best PG i Have Seen Yet!
Faith furnishes prayer with wings,without which it cannot soar to Heaven
wait, wait.. that plate in the background… ear of corn, bowl of creamed corn, and corn-shaped cornbread?
happy family in building 2??
OH YES PLEASE!!! Please please!! :-) “: I'll be there sometime this month! We gotta go out!”
you been watching too much CNN
Thanks for favoriting my tweet. With your following, I now may break 2K! Anyway: might you be able to DM me re: poss. media day?
Thank you! I hope so.
If you're in PDX Friday @ 7:30, head to Powells to hear scribe David Javerbaum read from The Last Testament-A Memoir by God
The Fujiyama walks are shoveled! Come on over!
And you know that it's the best of both worlds
big hugs.
#Potomac #Nationals rained out, just announced
These two weeks better go by fucking fast.
that would be nice
Who's running #BostonMarathon today? Good luck to you all!
#tweetcolors is very interesting- I've tried a couple. I used the RGBify- where do those colors come from?
Traffic break s-880 at industrial
Tell me, that we belong together…
Dear Fried Egg Sandwich: I love you.
You need to call in next week. Plug the best B-dubs in town and have a little #Lakers segment. You in???
If you have to try to do something it ain't genuine. Be sincere and real because that's when the best things happen to you!
Love the Virtual clothing drive. I shall share it will all my friends. ty
Let theater take over socialmedia by storm! Join us for
cant do nights.
Love that show, though I wish I would have waited to read all the books...
Also, this Twitter following limit thing is infuriating.
The Free Source of Job Posts for Veterans. www.PurplePlacement.com Employers post jobs for veterans for free. Veterans search jobs free.
and a baby bird also turned up in inventory
So apparently POTUS will be visiting some place a few doors down from my office today. Maybe I shall get a glimpse of him?
Wish I were in Spain for the race also. Best I could do was cook paella and drink a little sangria during the race.
bout to go finish up the allstar video
Its on like Kong!
Kudos to a company that has a person actually reading referenced tweets and not just a bot response.
Dang...my twitter froze.
Lebron said he doesn't want to be the villain anymore, and he is acting more conceited than ever,makes me hate him
Touchdown in Dallas complete. Suddenly craving bbq.
Let me know if want your bodymedia fit waterproofed for FREE. We need testers
We love you too!
O.o
Don’t wait for an ACE – Just play the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app
no problem britta!You're my bestfriend so OF COURSE i need to help you in times of need,I'm like your own personal Superwoman:)
Now its pretty rave girl. I fucking hate Techno.
Followed Payton around in jayc with Bailey like a stalker.
My day has been good so far :)
Feeling like it might be one of those days... TGIF!!
Winning. In my sleep
it was perfect !
got me feeling some type of way...
RT : Asap rocky still doing it big
Use smaller deal sites if you must. Groupon and LivingSocial are the worst for retention.
Arn't you just a handsome pizza dolphin
We will be up all night.. blah. and i have work ugh
gotta catch up! I'll head south for a #meetup ;)
The Embassy of the Republic of South Africa awards for his contributions to the struggle. #freedomday we salute you!
great organization
OH bc of the doctor! oh yeah, I'm good! <3
Study: Women of color least likely to have mentor who is white and at sr level; mommy wall affects them more than men
Fritz trained some solid track #nascar presidents - current , & now RIR served under him ...
hooked on Boardwalk Empire, CAN'T.DO.ANYTHING.
oh no!!!!! “: Now our train is going backwards!”
my life should be a movie, lol if you ask me i live that life most niggas rap about
"I wish I had a river so long - I would teach my feet to fly." ::joni mitchell::river::
crabs c;
Rehearsal tonight! Really looking forward to writing with the full band again.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
I would approve of that purchase. & All I can say for myself is: could be worse---it does have brakes.
Watching MJ. Trial
I HADDA BE FULLA DEM BARS, I DONT EAT NOTHING BUT RED GIRLS, WITH BALD VA"J"JS
I don't feel like going to class this morning. I'd much rather still be asleep. #collegeproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
How does the Android 4.0 auto correct dictionary not have "Imax" in it? I'm not trying to say I max...
Welcoming our recent followers, , and
yeah me to spending time with my boyfriend u got one??:)
Amen to that. Ouch!!
don't be, u know your my girl (:
Dear Sampson, if you lay on my back, I can't get up to feed either of us.
GISV volume, could be a lot more shares at .028 though, watching....
That's right Derek!
It's a Monday and we don't have a mtg? Immediate withdrawals!
Love isn't complicated people are complicated
#ThingsMyExSaid "I will never lie" bitch you a lie
thanks SO much. Rode yesterday and hoping to ride this afternoon thanks to you!
Wow, your quote speaks volumes. I wonder how much energy is wasted by trying to change someone else, rather then ourselves?
Bst 2 u JLM FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
aint u suppose 2 be sleep
Super Bowl Special: $60 1/4oz. $110 1/2oz. $200 oz. All Strains!!! *Prices good while Broncos are in the Playoffs.
Trying to multitask supportive mom watching kid do karate and learning about Mignot toy soldiers. I see a double fail in my future.
DJ Spooky asks what is free culture? Explore how apps like make the most of #creativecommons for education
great show!
Time to get out of these clothes..
I'm in the weirdest mood ever. I'm really bored, but I don't want to do anything...
Happy Thursday! :D
U a bitch Kobe
The millimeter wave device uses radio waves [no xray] and is supposed to be many times less radiation than cell phones. [cont]
your right... Boobs and ass.
Amusing social experiment in remote memberships at
+1. Great job Winston team! RT : Great adlaw webinar yesterday! Really enjoyed it
Got citizenship the whole day !!! Time 4 sleep
Denver Public Schools has just announced that it will be closed on Friday because of the weather.
3's together look like an eight... i think?
I experience a deep sense of foreboding every time I click on a link with a URL that ends in ".net"
what would you suggest for good sources of protein. & how what % of daily calorie for protein?
you best be including yourself too girll
s/o to for bein beautiful.
Willing to scientifically test the hypothesis that back-knot gremlins can be bribed into submission with chocolate. Why? "Yum" trumps "ow".
prob , but i have some no worries :)
Ah, punctuation... who needs it? :)
dont mind all of the stupid crazy people in seattle right now... i swear seattle is a cool place.
I think we've just figured out how much it traumatized people. Bullying was rampant in my high school in the late 70s.
you're at Torre del Greco often! Is it a place with many restaurants?
I might hve to self-revke my Weekndr card. #2012 #biggerfishtofry tell soon. Its god baby. my own gallery? I think YES!
#TacoNight while you catch the #MiamiMarlins game! Season Opener! #GoMarlins!
Love it! RT : Thanks to all our packer fans that voted for & against me in the madden voting! Happy Wednesday!
What is lunch? lol .. I feel your pain.
RT : MSNBC's interactive Irene tracker is pretty awesome. on.msnbc.com/rjIW9K (via bit.ly/ngdxKS)
I hear that several local country celebs are coming out tomorrow night, you dont wanna miss this hootnanny!!...
O.o RT : That boy is UP!! RT : I'm not goin to sleep for a while
don't you mean...#YouKnowShesADumbAss when she tats your name on it. NEVER GET A MAN/WOMANS NAME ON YOU.
Like a kid on Christmas eve.....anxiously awaiting #LEGDAY & the DOMS that will follow.
My suggestion is save up for a budget, instead of going out and finding someone who will do it for cheap. It will almost always backfire.
And with this new tweet deck, if someone sends you spam, after you block them the spam stays in your TL. It used to delete it for you..
Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that there’s no particular virtue in doing things the way they have always been done
Get her to asap for the bacon sundae!Break her in right
Tommy lost the NFL picks segment last Friday. Yesterday he did a slip-n-slide in oil. The guys pick again NOW! Who will be punished next?
Thanks Kangaroo! Your so sweet!
Heyyou- I'm excited for prom. c: I hope you are. :D
Leonardo DaVinci, Alexander Graham Bell, Thomas Edison, Orville & Wilbur Wright, Henry Ford, Steve Jobs. RIP.
let me know how it is as a press
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day :) Peace
A little boy just askd me for some gum :D
Experience helps in a persons private and business life
Yup kenneth
I'm coming in on Tues a/m. and would love to connect. Text me.
love the shirt!!
Votto with bases loaded in bottom of 9th? Ugh.
Is going to Puerto Rico. Hooray for vacation!
oh, is that guide going to be publicly available?
RT : Because theoretically, yes. It would be the answer. It would also be nice if I spit shots of Belvedere.
how are you?
Good luck B
I am going to vote my fingers off!
New drink me and Sam do it's half hefe and have new castle it's called the playboy mansion doe
nice seeing you today!
- as of this Christmas, I now have a blue Soic Screwdriver as well. :)
thx so much! I appreciate that:)))
that sounds about right. But she isn't friends with me anymore :(
OUP: 300 titles available on eBrary but not OUP platform. mostly "textbooks", so not financially viable on OUP platform
Bring the family - Great RV Deals for Mom & Dad, Face Painting & Rainbow the Clown for the kids. 3/9-3/11 Greensboro Coliseum.
Gimme people to follow
Boo. My mom turned down a guy asking her to dance. I need to liquor her up apparently.
Gotta go play some baseball with my boys, BBL. Have a great day everyone!
Nice, stay thirsty my friends!
Not likely, strategist-friend...her page views are through the roof! I don't have enough fuzzy animals on mine :(
. Excellent. Sounds like a productive meeting. I was doublebooked: hope to attend next year's #SIGMaster meeting.
It is Tuesday Tips Day in Milwaukee! For $13.99, get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2L Soda. You will not walk away hungry!
but you're all fine now though right? gabe will protect you? :)
Strasbourg 3IP and 7Ks. Should we be on Clemens-Wood watch yet?
It's hard not think that K-rod's struggles are due to the fact that he doesn't really want to be here... no indication he's changed that
... Uniforms perfected in NASCAR
thank u so much pastor!!! that won't b necessary tho i know i can make it out,i will definitely be at church tonight,God bless!
just woke up
I was looking up the avengers opening gross lol
i know i love how u guys work i am going to miss u
Thanks! Started "training" w #lowso lunch & snacks 4 my wknd travels. Never felt better post-flight than I do now.
Why did I come to school if none of my teachers came to school..... Something's wrong with this picture.
even with a trade,the lakers wont b a contender.kobe has 2 trust his big men
Let the Turkey fun begin....
yeah probably the same episode. I'm hooked on it, lol. You should watch the first season if you get a chance!
RT Abs on a skinny guy are about as impressive as boobs on a fat chick.
Its what Directioners do :)
Hey let me tell you that last year t-shirt is among my favorites(grey with old phone). I hope you outdo yourself this year
#NF Follow back....
If u seen me anywhere b4....Most likely I was high
where the scenes lol
Friend request me on Facebook, both pages: Stephen Samuel Santoro and Stephen Samuel Santoro II
omg I won't be able to call him hubby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
lol you're so mean to me smh
“: FINALLY at #winning #wedrove8hoursforaparty” yeah
I have to keep myself in a position to make decisions based on my best interests.
Like the first speaker. Doesn't hide her disdain for people who deserve it.
thanks girl :) it means alot :)
When this was first released, they actually did try to remove this, however this is the internet and they simply couldn't contain it
I believe it when I see it.
If you are in Willow Street, PA go see A CHRISTMAS GIFT @ The Cultural Center, Willow Valley Retirement Community tonight at 7pm.
“: #EverybodyHasThat1Friend That won't go to sleep so you PUT them to sleep.”
You can also share bookmarks with others, add annotations, organize them with tags, and see others' tags.
congrats! You're our 3500th twitter follower! Thanks for your support :)
I don't think any word can explain a man's life. No, I guess Rosebud is just a...piece in a jigsaw puzzle...a missing piece. - Citizen Kane
looking good!
: You are correct about why Amazon should be taxed.
Somethings gotta give.
I wish school didn't exist so I could just spend all day eating, working out and relaxing
Tonight I officially consider starting the process of planning for packing for #FOWD London.
Warm showers are the best. The only bad thing is that after I shower my hair looks bad and I hate it.
the answer is you're too good for the bullshit. Don't worry about it.
Good luck!! “: About to dress up as Poirot and pretend to solve murders on the subway. Wish me luck.”
I am Newcastle fan my dear but the Prem ain't the same without West Ham. Now I just need you to follow me ya hot mess ;-D!
Per Wikipedia, apparently Aethelred the Unready paid the 5th installment of the Danegeld in 1012.
Also write Gov. Brown about chicanery of firing teachers, cutting programs yet hiring "Social Media Director"!
One of the best concerts of my life!!! and killed it
The reward is so worth it though. and of course I am also here to support also as well as those that love you
Big Apple, I'm ready! #Ecstatic #NYC <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
#FavoriteNBAMoments Winning back to back championships in 2009 and 2010
Shaping up to be a great year for Rick Siskey and Siskey Industries. Very grateful!
You dont remember then it was a good night.
hey!!! Sorry I went to the pool with my cousin and got back like 30 mins so I took a quick shower lol
is #lafayettesquarebmore ok with you to tag this event?
Aww thank you so much for the sweet message!!! ;)
“: Tried to do a jumpin jack and my titties slapped me in my face smh” yo I hate when that shit happens
Country music is a beautiful thing
No matter what's going, on, I always seem to get into baseball right away when the season starts. Bobby V and the gang!
I have legit checked myself out of school . I been sleep most of this week . #Fuckit I'm out
Going to listen to Uecker call the rest of this game from the comfort of my bed. Chances are I won't make it thru two batters
Today was the best(:
... wondering what's been going on in the #RankTank these days
I visualize the farmer guy from the Asspen episode of South Park warning them about the site's history before construction.
Search for the seed of good in every adversity. -Og Mandino
Photography is making the temporary last forever <3
when are you coming to texas? I need to see you.
Our new marketing strategy....RT : It smells like Bacon and Eggs all over #LincolnPark this morning!
dm me real quick
Crossfit Verve WOD complete -- under 7 minutes: heavy thrusters and double under circuit -- www.crossfitverve.com
because of you, i'm finally okay with having naturally curly hair. :) thanks
I don't remember. Some kind of Mexican Chicken dish or something like that
are you a female
Happy Birthday to Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird. A truly great American novel. Remember how this book made you feel?
this is getting awfully close to a chicken or the egg situation
Seated and tweeted
Congratulations!! What a race!!
You may ask yourself, "How do I work this thing? Maybe you pull this pin."
what's up we are generic intro interlude then a breakdown.
with your legal pension plan idea!!! Now you're just cause jumping!! Sad sad carl
Tried ArcherFarms Tiki Masala Meal from hard onion peel in mix ruined everything- had to throw away. wrote to support-nothing. ugh.
thank you!! Nfb
again with the laughs! -.-
NFL Draft Rumors: Conflicting Reports on Miami Dolphins Picking Ryan Tannehill
the lurkers to damn PRESSED!!
Nothing to fear, let it go.
Okay I'm done being a girl lol.
People's magazines are full of themselves and they twist everything that anyone says to make it sell better and that's why I don't read them
Customer Appreciation on April 15th 2011 from 10-2 pm. Join us for raffle prizes, free food and beverages !!
if you've got an armenian themed event anywhere in the LA area, we want to know about it, bro!
oh my god why were you SCARED HE'S SO DUMB and nice
no I do need it, boys always need there guns lol
here's my number, so call me maybe
So white outside, throw some color at yourself! PIZZA!!! Come down and see us! Good warm comfort food today!
IF U DNT KNOW WHAT A SLAVE SHIP FELT LIKE JST GO OUTSIDE.
Yeah thanks for hitting me with your bag, dick face.
Looking forward to teaching Turbo Kick tonight!! Do you prefer taking classes at a gym or using a cardio machine?
Wow! Brownies think 3 is a magic #
Dm would NPR be interested in taking part in a quantum leap in education that eliminates textbook budgets and curriculum? Timing is key
you need to get a one one one interview with KG
Are you referring to the one in Tangletown?
my granddaddy taught me well...never trust a skinny gals cookin'! Fish sticks don't count! LMAO!
What's your favorite breakfast food?
don't forget about the Community Art Makers amazing event this Thursday night at The United States Art Authority! help make Dorothy pop!
ITS TRUE THAT BTR WILL COME TO MEXICO IN SEPTEMBER??
Ghost adventures is the one show I talk so much shit about but is the first show I go to to check for new episodes. So good.
Thanks, Ruth!
Pirate bands.
Be checking our Facebook page tomorrow for a super special offer to our fans!
Monday, Monday, Monday. Love you.
Westbrook is not my favorite dude but that shirt made me smile.
I was watching the thing posted and when he was like "you wanna taste it?" My dad turned to me "Are you watching porn?" Lordy.
Is Axe Body Spray doing some big push around New Orleans? Because every guy that runs by hits me with another odor from their spring line.
Fucking Dallas airport and southwest making me switch goddamn flights
I know that I will do more than just pass through this life. I'll leave nothing less than something that says "I was here"
ITPC: John McC speaking about change in IT reporting lines
#rahmchicago says kids & schools come first.
It's an Oasis kind of morning
just brought my two besties presents at a and f i think their cute... :-)
It's a "turning-19" thing. Next year, cuz, next year.
Text You - What are you thankful for in your life?
Cool to see Luke Kuechly of BC get drafted #9 in the #NFLdraft. Phenomenal player AND a class act. Hard to come by. cc
what's good Bro?
WARM UP THE #ROLLRUS, THE ROYALS ARE UP BABY!
Sup Dude? Happy Belated B-day - sorry I missed it..my bro's b-day was last week too
.....oh really no way i would have never guessed someone one street over would have got the same notice as us thats crazy dude!
congratulations 2 you what AWESOME work you are doing. I would love 2 do my part with reaching our youths. Let's coord shcls DM me
Apparently if you accidentally keep driving below the speed limit on the highway in a Kia Rio it will reward you with 41mpg.
I LOVE YOUR PROFILE PIC!!!! ahh my friend is so gorgeous!!!!
Home alone on Easter.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.- Bill Gates
My Song is Better Than Yours: Brett Queener of the Blazers, Broken Bells "The High Road" or Adam 12 Social D. "I Was Wrong." Vote now!
Leap Year & The Notebook on right in a row!
just one line. maybe a character name and a stage direction, too.
So glad you're 'campaigning' for Elise! We've gotta get her safe each week.
I'm a veteran of obnoxious Oregon stickers though
Excited about the new Karaoke show at Rustys Old 50 on Monday!
cause message boards and vocal discussions on TVD takes place. It was a mistake to team them up for that reason
I don't feel good at all :/
Hope everyones doing the work needed to reach their dreams!
OK, that perked up the crowd. Yankee fans have been pretty quiet thus far, but the beer is flowing now. Nothing like a drunk Yankee fan.
Of course, the Suns have the warlocks! He may be available, but I would be pretty surprised if that happens.
A Days are my easiest classes, guess what? IDGAF I still don't wanna be in school -.-
less than a month my man. You better be coming. Can't help buy remember CEO 2010 by your side and now look 2 years later at it.
I think is either in jail or getting gangbanged by a group of Arabs from the gas station
Thanks, I will! Enough cool new features to keep me happy for a while.
RIP Pro Bowl.
Good morning!! Thanksgiving is almost here, yipeeeee!!!
Ill finally get to be the trashy reality tv star I've always dreamed of being lol
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
Just woke up and I was walking down the stairs and my lil sister pushed me down the steps and I hit my head on the popcorn wall..she didn't
His voice is definitely gonna make my Christmas just PERFECT.
Can't believe how incredibly lucky I am to have my boyfriend. I can't wait to be in his arms tomorrow. <3
Tonx/Sightglass by means of Chemex is my jam.
come on D up dude! D up a few times n u guys are right in the game!
come on down
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
[reading] guide to understanding people. free with the guardian
Tonight showed me how much more of a brotherhood hockey really is and you don't understand if you were never a part of a team
What up tweet peeps
So fish,waffles, n pizza...... yeah.....I'm eating
seemed like the company wants to see if I am still here after all these years so I can be added to more email lists. Thanks!!
oh my god i would get in trouble big time
than start working :P
"Today is born a Savior"...Merry Christmas to one & all!!! May happiness & joy fill your day (& hopefully you weren't too naughty for Santa)
you and 50 cent squashing the beef?
IB and 1D <---- idk those abbreviations. Look alike to me(x
Follow me please?(:
Yey!!!! The www.confessly.com web is now live #swbay - presentation coming up!
“: Shout out to my baby happy anniversary babe I love you <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> ” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Thats the stuff you #twitter ninja! RT : . Thanks for the tip
CHECK OUT THE NEWS TONIGHT LAZOMBIES ARE REPRESENTING
You rocked it today in Hot Topics! Very brave and incredibly well-said. Inspiring!
Political behaviors paper Y U NO WRITE YOURSELF
Seeing Brendon Burchard live for the 1st time. , u're a fan right? I think 1 of ur tweets turned me on to him.
"People still like to buy artisanal bacon," -- Susan Lyne of
Game writers: Stop talking crap about one another without having the guts to actually mention them in a tweet. Generate better conversation!
As Cosgrove was fiddling with that pack of cigarettes, I half expected the words "PRESS X TO EXAMINE" to appear onscreen.
Got my first audition tomorrow with the new agency! Straight to callbacks! I like your style I'm playing a waiter lol
I can't remember what tho smfh
Just wakin up in the mornin, got a fake eye...
lol that was forever ago
HEY , TELL UR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME AND ......
By the way Im gonna get so tan and dark by just being out here its crazy!
intros here at the #MediaSummit. Natalie says she is SO nervous.
thnx for the add & for all you do!
Her heart is racing, palms sweating, she is running, but this time there is no one chasing her. Yes, those are the scars of Rape.
Happened about two weeks ago. Please tell me that they're still serving falafel & the likes there?
we should DM&&I can't sleep either I havn't slept for about a month..
Just watched an ambulance CREAM & FLIP a Ford Explorer! You're supposed to stop when you hear a siren!
Where do you buy clothing with rinestones in LA?
droppin that tape on the best day of the year
enjoying this lovely sunshine with my pup :)
Lopez: ..."thinking to myself, 'OK, Isa's probably OK but why don't I hear Ava?'"
There's something #wrong with the guy; something dreadfully wrong with
So wouldn't an education/advocacy campaign about responsible dog ownership be more effective than increased liability exposure?
Your sole goal when you are in the beauty industry is to make your client look & feel beautiful! Go with incandescent lighting in your salon
It's nice to have some days off, lolololof'nl
Loving the music
If you can get a prayer though to God please send one up for my son Damion he needs one right now in the name of Jesus. I cry out Jesus!
Is this gonna be Homer's brainfart inning? Seems there's always one.
Don't republican leaders realize you can't drive looking thru the rear view mirror
Go to Google. Type in ""Ewmew Fudd"". Click ""I'm feeling lucky"". You're welcome.
You gettin' weird?
There's full bars here :O this is just amazing ? ha
I have a feeling I know what it's about... ;) haha
A boy battling a serious injury joined the Tufts University football team Wednesday afternoon
Good move carlisle
Hey I'm writing a story about Luck & the horses. Could I ask you some questions through email? DM me your info, thanks!
Bev Hills?
It's not about me&u anymore. It's about u being afraid of her & iCnt compete with that : (
Ok, bye. Text me monday. ''do I have to wait that long?'' soo smooth and cute
Missing the Weekend Show<<<<<
Best thing above yesterday's game, 45k people in the crowd thowing up the T after the walk off. Ah gotta love it!!!!
I think.I'm try to go to Steves
smh -_- at people who use you to get to someone you know ..
enough said! Now, can you get a ton of people to retweet that in addition to the article link??
A great message for everyone not just kids...
Man I can't believe this shit
Thanks for that cheerful hello. Winston IS pretty charming, if I say so myself.
"Happy New Year Everybody.....and all that jazz"
So ends my first and likely only live tweeting session. I have no idea what the hell I just watched.
Zoe and Scott are going to the Reds game tonight!
Happy New Year, New Mexico! Looking forward to a great 2012!
Just Saturday morning for the giveaway.
where is the house church training this am at 9? Sunset or Tigard??? Caryn and I are headed there.
for sure! By the way, ur nephew is finally walking & having a Mickey mouse party Sunday! Can't believe he's 1 already! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
"The madman who knows that he is mad is close to sanity." -- Juan Ruiz de Alarcon
you should send this to ESPN, all big sports writers.
you can do the same with wifi and and an iPod touch...
so being great means being fake ok... That's why I don't watch bball, too many clowns
True. Did not find it offensive.
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite song at 99 cents/song, signing up as a fan and telling your...
You and I are paintin' pictures in the sky, Sometimes we don't say a thing, Just listen to the crickets sing...
Does anyone know of a Twitter feed that is nothing but pictures and posts of kittens?
Cleaning vomit off pretty pony sheets.
I really hate how things come to me at the worst time! I hate holding my emotions in and saying im fine when i really wanna run away... :(
GET. HASLEM. OUT.
Yes it is only 6:51 am and I'm already drinking
Havent Been On For A Hot Second. Whats Up Twitta :D
Sitting ER for 5 hrs with my mom who has still not seen a dr for a possible head injury. Wow!
If you come to Crystal Lake, on the + side you only need to buy a 1 way ticket! On the - side, there's way more things on the - side.
yes you need it to : )
Just watched justin bieber: never say never best movie
Better than being in Boston RT More rain in Austin Luckily I didn't bring any rain gear or any long-sleeve shirts
Didn't #Austerity set the stage for Hitler to become so "successful"? #JustAskin'
nba's one year rule, vs a player from the state who played all 4years and ended his career
Why is stupid monster like a jack-o'-lantern? They both have empty heads.
Cannot wait for the movie!!! RT : Watching & loving PARTY DOWN by !
You know you're at a wedding in Patriots territory when the bridal party walks out to "Thunderstruck."
#TheWorstFeeling when u get amazing shots.. Then someone messes with your cam and -__________- theyre gone.
Bye, bye SB5!
Please tell your friend to follow me
What things would you like to talk about?
Gotta get back to work tomorro prepare these moves for the week then imma deff celebrate this weekend looking to make a lot of money #grind!
Kanye can't be there and jay z and beyonce just had their baby
Shout out to Henry from SS Web for Bringin 3 kickass bands down to LoCash Last night! Time to ReLoad. JC
Kettle and cheddar and ranch- oh my! Be sure to try our variety of popcorn flavors!
slapping into a slim jim? Lol
What are you doing?
“: British boys are the best ;)” *spanish ;)
maybe FTW for you, me, barf. Give my best to your heart. Luv ya.
You know it's bad when we're arresting women for defending themselves again abusive partners and trying to get married to loving ones.
#ImGettingTiredOf The Fake People!
Understand hundreds of keywords relevant unique content creation
yes, us also. We appreciate your support!
#phonedate soon? k? Going all day without talking was too much.
what if you could go back in time, and take all those hours of pain and darkness and replace them with something better? #nw Donnie Darko
you might need to only get crab cakes when you have a cold. :-)
are you doing walk up songs
Half expecting a strange pick from the Chargers with how this draft has been.
"who left the car door open?!" #womenretreat12 good one
Jeanne-Marie Roland~ The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
How about u stop tweeting about HS Soccer, and get my shoes sent out! Have only asked for them over the last 4 months!! Ha ha!
I'm wondering why this font doesn't have the diacritical character I need. No ice cream here.
Why do people follow you then the next day unfollow you wtf? Where my Tru Followers at? Q
tehehe... RT " you may giggle, I tripped on a Styrofoam cup."
It's amazing to me that in 2012 there are still people that don't understand how a listserv works.
but wasn't it the opposite lol
Fusion had a good 1st trip to the Kick It 3v3 World Championship. Girls learned how to prepare and compete on the big stage! LifeLongLessons
I cant get love out of my mind. Why is it the hardest thing to comprehend or put into words?
right with you on that! Crazy!
Access to the #ala11 virtual conference archive is supposed to be a perk! :-p
yea that's the one I'm doing.
Yeah, I think four is still the way to go...the issue is, is how many rookies do I bump up to league three?
Nope, no screen shots yet. I have to get the color scheme right... Something is the *tiniest* bit off.
great to link up with you!!
The absolute best thing about working from home is on chilly mornings like this, I can work from my cozy bed.
There are 2 Program Administrator positions open at . How many of you are applying? Req. 013596, 013366
you can never have enough followers or likes or youtube views. check out the link on my profile.
I love being alone in a crowd! Thanks for the term.
nope just any picture you want characterized into a block ninja sorta like my avatar
Thanks Rancho! See you next week!
LOVE VH1's new show House of Consignment with - I want ALL of her outfits and it represents Chicago beautifully!
Point of reference: steaming broccoli and coming up with a good podcast tagline takes about the same amount of time.
This week has been nuts. Amen Friday is finally here!
Always looking for story ideas in
Okay, that's just a scary, scary concept. But you know there's a group of women somewhere salivating for that list!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT --> (: Im trying to get 1.6k<3
Wonderful news! Congrats!
what happened at the end of the show? Cliffhanger!
Homie 90033 we don't hear you over here. lol
When did smiley face :) get turned around into (: ? Did some dyslexic 13-year old start a new trend?
I Choose To Make A Change & Thats My Choice.
YUP! 'Jungle Mini Golf' on the website they have list of dry activities. Lol
a bases clearing double for adrian. 3-3. FINALLY.
#MyFirstYearAtJCSU was definitely a learning experience. I learned to keep my mouth and my legs closed...SMH.
thank you Marcy! :)
Learn from 2nites game & make the necessary adjustments 4 the rematch on Monday.
What is up with the #traffic in #columbiaheights this morning?
I love Spring, the work on the farm and birth of calves and goats but I just don't have enough hours in the day!!
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
hey pat
Snork is an important action verb for every writer's arsenal.
lol rite!! But we should wait like a week or two do we can have time to gather enough ppl to do it
YAYAYAAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY JUSTIN WON :D
must stop purchasing stuff from those 3 day designer clothing sale sites.
how's the game going babe ?? :)
Love you back & go'on & cry! Let it out! :) xoxo
Ditto Rachel!
Ped. Pal "Cleopatra doesn't share" (romantic musky floral)was a hit in the Sedona spas. It's her feet that made this statement soft n clean
Hi Andres! When do you plan on moving to ABQ? Email your resume to . See you soon!
jersey is good on price too. But all in all money sucks haha
boy you and kitty sure are alike. She took her phone all the way down to 3% before finally charging it
thanks for following Eric
i luv justin bieber
what do u mean
Just saw a dude wearing flip flops, a North Face and a Supreme hat. I'm not sure is cool anymore.
Where does go to get his hair cut...... tha baba
Optical dispensing brings in at least half of the revenue in most optometric practices. Don't neglect the optical and lose half your $.
Alice in Wonderland, w/your face painted like Alice Cooper. Alice (Cooper) in Wonderland.
i say not funny. but then again, i'm an angry feminist.
"And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." -Philippians 4:7
exactly! they had an enormous perfect prehistoric sea turtle fossil in ny, one of a kind, worth a fortune
Has anyone seen The Avengers? It is SO good!
I might have a way...i mite take one of me and cole at the waterpark tomorrow and resize it ...
. TY for following!
anxious to get start filming on a project...
Oh what a long day c:
Thanks for the follow Becky : )
dirk faders OFF GLASS A
It burns
Ugggghh I wish i could retweet 's tweets! Damn it! )':<
you don't have too!
Hm...I take it you won the CD, huh?!
nothing like a little perspective. Sounds about perfect.
I'm at the nails spot with the wife. Hopefully her nails can out good too. Lmao
At my little cousin pre k party
everyone go follow please.2
The crew had the L2 circuit the plot today - swore he could read a plot. He lied.
g'morning diva! :-)
Had to stop and give you a well deserved #highfive lovely! Go YOU! RT Running. Half way done. 3mi! Cheers!
U better bite me! Apple sign!!!
ENDLESS MUSIC is what it is RIGHT NOW.....DJ YUNG STREETZ GOING IN AT THE OFFICIAL
If I was managing Black Veil Brides, I'd fire their singer and hire Dee Snider-- he's killin' it at
For most people, it makes sense to max out annual contributions to all other retirement savings plans before considering an annuity.
Can't believe I'm back at schools after a week of summer vacation.
Its easter i think i mite shoot a video
Needa go somewhere since im not getting my hair done today ..
Tyler Traband takes the stage at 9:30 this evening. This high energy show will have you going all night long!
#dh20 Hack the Dissertation is underway. Come and join in before we hit our limit of 100 participants.
'We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.'
Baffled by the name...
no more ghost
thank god tomorrow is Friday <3
LIVE FROM BOSSPROOF USA
"noon, sunlight, walking down the street 10" - Best interview ever
[x] puts you on AK
I got the weirdest lifestyle. I call it surreal. One minute I am working at an office and the next I am talking to celebrities
Huge save!
Just talked to PIO Joel DeSpain. He says today's press conference will deal mostly with gun violence.
Napa #wine tasting. Beautiful day! Any events today?
nice! it's the little things in life that get me revved up!
Having worked at Donnell during the late 90's, I'm grateful for the well-written examination of the past & future.
you're an organ donor?
Thkful for all the gr8 teachers that teach my boys and all other students
the bathtub is filled with blankets >.<
Why do Dems support States fraudulently giving citizens $1 to make them eligible for SNAP, thereby taking money from truly needy?
I hate when you really want to say something, and the topic changes. -_-
The double take, the moment when a man is completely defenseless.
Looking for motivation
Some fool go come up with a dance for that ron artest elbow watch..
alright I have room in this bed of mine
And that breaking of your heart…that was your heart breaking open to expand—
Damn...that was a certified body bag. X Factor.
cravez wants a concrete mixer. No ingredients, just vod. He told me.
Allright, you convinced me. I'll be at T2 (as well). I look like a giant L.
that's because they listen to their fathers better lol
<U+2665><U+2665> love you
omg Elle just stopped nursing a few weeks ago Smh. And she 11 months lol.
I wish I could wear a double breasted suit. It makes me look like a mess.
$35 for two movie tickets... Criminal!
Fina hit up this club in college park shiihhh follow
can you get Bob to wear UL's new colors this weekend?
haha I don't know about 11 games...?
"O, it just tingles me " :D
I love pink chesse(:
If a politician changes his mind, he's condemned for flip-flopping; if no one "caves," we have anti-compromise gridlock. What's the answer?
Very cool pic! You're confusing me with your last name. I've been meaning to call or write you. It's been crazy!!!
Today, I will do my best so I can be my best. My efforts will not fall short! Good morning friends! <U+2728>
A warm welcome to admitted Bruins on campus today for Bruin Day!
RT : I'm into barefoot runs. Wonder if they teach that? RT Free To Run Reg. $125 only $57 use code: FreeBeeSocial...
Someone’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
good morning
Too many curveballs. Should have stuck with the 60 MPH fastball.
Dam it's Thursday...... Which means here comes the 7272718373737 throwback pics smh
Stop living in the past.
#ImA dude in love with :*
So i'm peoples idol! Thanks everyone for messaging me saying im there idol haha.
Man what a good past week - got a business license, tax id, received my new business cards, launched pandawinks.com, and made like 10 cakes!
RT : "After all is said and done, you usually find more was said than done." — Marshall McLuhan
First midterm of the quarter today! It is also the second to last midterm of my college career! Whoa.
1st annual Phil's Friends Golf Outing on August 4th! More info: www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=120833574598625 or www.philsfriends.org
Supervising slp grad students leading early literacy groups this semester. Any advice, suggestions, ideas are welcome!
she doing good bad as hell though
I didn't want to disappoint u! You know you were waiting for me to respond :)
Turn that frown upside down!!!
Probably Stupid Question: What sorts of methodologies integrate randomness as a constitutive feature? Any field, any area, anything?
sometthing on tumblr. but ill tweet you later. i have to go to dancccee
Shout out to the people decided to show up today but was probably better off not coming
#milwaukee Let's get it done! We are very, very confident in our new lumber prices for red oak, birch, maple and poplar! Come check it out
Finally of work, ready for a nap.
be still my heart!!!! The smell of opening day
"Prepare your computer for a demo by closing pop-up messages and noises." Good point! I see this a lot.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
aye tell Danay she stooped as hell. Lol she should have came to me and got str8
Ok we back people sorry for the delay now its juice vs ak
Bad #sake list = Bad #sushi = bad service, just in general, not particular
Lazy Saturday
Freedom is not free and our hearts go out to families of 9/11. Support our troops and say thank you the next time you see one.
Welcome to the other side. Lol
Yall will always get it first ...
nice comment on HN :D
Cannot adequately convey in 140 characters the happiness I feel for Mexican food being catered to today.
The last thing I wanna do right now is sleep but I woke up so early I can hardly keep my eyes open.. But Im still waiting..
stoked for my first time at first saturday tomorrow!
Luncheon infomercial luncheon is long, loud and annoying.
Friday!! D Swan @ 8:30pm in the DCT @ iO West for the LA Improv Comedy Festival and @ 11pm @ Second City Hollywood for Thunderdome! !SWEET!
It gets so much better.
Getting ready to go watch some tube and get off this evil computer....ha see how long that lasts
Does somebody need a hug?
How have you been? I haven't seen you on Twitter as much as before.
Schools are required to provide healthier meals. Maybe it's time to change the eating habits at home.
I'm the night, so you're gonna marry me anyway. Lol :P
I dunno, I know of two or three friends who want to go! Could be as big or as small a group as we want.
"Lmao-: I'm convinced a quadriplegic with down syndrome could wrap presents better than me...I'm a #Rapper not a #Wrapper"
Coming home from practice...
yes I know love Palace! Denver Palace supporters just become 5 strong!
Posh day at the Korean spa. Deffo not what I was expecting but still v relaxing. Quite hungry now though... Circus tonight!! Cant wait :) x
pebbling: every once in a while i wonder where the steam goes when it cools ...
#mketweetup after a great night over for LIVE MUSIC by ZachWade & DanHarvey-9pm Drink & food specials
with and my boy Dj Dynamix!!
nahh it's British. I showed your tweet saying telly to my friends and we all awed.
What an amazing run for THE ARTIST. Heartfelt movie, heartfelt night.
Almost time for the PR/Communication kick-off meeting at Liberty Tavern in Arlington. So excited for the 2011-2012 program year.
We've noticed stories seem longer & longer recently--and like it. Is this a strategy? biz decision?
Why don't women tell us #WhatAWomanNeeds ?
Yes we are! We are coming tomorrow!!!
What you doig
Gotta get in touch with my host at about coming out for a bachelor party in April. Gonna be a good time.
I said plenty, get some sleep, ur too easy to beat when ur tired.
Think I'm done. Will read the highlights tomorrow.
ur like one of mah role models i wish i can be like u
When I walk into a room I own it
I just realized I got a call from the song fairy :) Can't quite tell what song, but I'll figure it out. Thanks for thinking of me!
yea I was suppsd to stay in miami until aug. but I'm flying back to Chicago Friday and looking for job.
haha... how appropriate!
"I'M GUCCI" I<3HER
Finding furniture is harder now that I have rules: if a piece involves particle board and/or self-assembly, it's a no. This rules out IKEA.
I heard another amazing rendition of "Impossible Germany" tonight. played for over two hours at
Hey peeps! If you use twitter, would you be interested in following our brethren?
#thankateacher 30th annual California Day of the Teachers: our students depend on educators to guide them on the road to success
Suddenly rlzd that May 28 is during our school holiday~~ Woo Hoo!!! Give this <3 to my dearest mother monster~~
IS MY FAV LIL BRO N IF HE NEEDS ME IM THERE EVEN THO HE FRUSTRATES ME AT TIMES I LUV HIM!
I'll babysit in exchange for piano lessons RT : A stranger just told me I could keep his daughter if I wanted
After a long day at work, there's nothing better than going to and for Wade Oval Wednesday.
Hope everyone's nice and tipsy in the final hour of #FatTuesday!!! Cheers!
oh ok, on headed to wrk. Tired as shit.
bonjour de mexico
Don't be too jealous - they brought the cold air with them!
We ha so much fun at Wine Steals last night! Thank you so much for coming out to support!
"Nos vemos" means "we'll see each other" and is used casually like the English phrase, "see you around."
Love Apple!! Thanks for the S/O.
Oh what a tangled web we weave ...
As Debbie Boone once sang, "You light up my life." Or is that too corny? Well, never mind. We aim to please!
Out of nowhere , but I miss them
that is true! But its kinda weird how they r like dents in ur cheek haha
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I like my music real loud real loud can you turn that shit up for me right now right now<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
haha me too i bet all the other somilers are lazy to do stuff too! :)
Congrats to Kim of West Bloomfield and Michelle of Shelby Township on winning vacations from The New Soft Rock 105.1! :)
help me get more wailen followers? C:
it was cool spent a lot. Plenty women was out we hit plenty spots.
Some guy kept high beaming me so i gave him the finger. 100 ft later i passed a cop. Oops.
I feel like spring is coming :)
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but all the good ones argon.
Fuck Blake Griffin
We really need the Mint app on
#Blackboard wins CODiE for Best Postsecondary Course or Learning Management System at
": floyd could win 99 fights straight soon as he lose 1 fight people gon be like "see what happens when u arrogant""
Caught in the rain and hail on my bike ride. Glad to be warm inside working on August socks now.
Watch Carl on Bulls & Bears, Fox Business, today at 4:00PM.
Everyone has a 'best friend' during each stage of life - only a precious few have the same one. ~
Roll A Pound Break It Down
LOL! autocorrect is so stupid 1/2 the time. Someone should make "Auto-correct Correct" << ;-)
I'm not slowing down.
STARTING AT 8:00pm - RUN! 20 amazing Dogfish beers W/ founder of Dogfish Head, Sam Calagione! Alewife 21 N Eutaw Street Baltimore, MD 21201
Just bought Athletics tickets. Looking forward to barrage of emails from Oakland A's from now until I die.
could've been more but at least you're still my day late friend
looking for a large free auditorium space downtown that can work with weird hours... any suggestions?
saw u dropping a pop ep, when u gonna do a rock or str8t hip hop rnb one?
Does anyone like my new profile picture? Of Kendall
I don't even know who that is! LOL
Coverage of #highered cuts skews toward whining. Media must examine who cuts and the criteria. So says boss Jaschik
Touche. I deserved that.
19382828282 lbs. but it's still kinda sorta there. can't sleep
: Anything you need to know in regards to contemporary society is all predicted and contained in The Wire
I hate cold toilet seats...
Learned. Speaking of weather, everything okay with you all and floods?
Happiness is our birthright .... we can experience it all the time ... if this doesn't happen, something is out of balance.
This has my back hurtin
What is your favorite 90's song!!! Things that make you go hm? Poision? You tell me!
hey there!
my district just hit 1000 voters! So awesome to see... I actually didn't mind waiting in line 2vote! That's never happened!
its more about confidence and style missy. Not age
you only look once
With the angles and the red sox sucking who are band wagon fans going to cheer for
Hey and ALL other music people---Come and friend us on facebook at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic A BIG THANK YOU
The final installment of our long march through William Sunners’ 1949 book, American Slogans. Enjoy the vintage slogans!...
must have a so cal doctor
Feel like crawling under a rock
Thanks to , TJ Rosene, Randi Peterson, and Uie Garcia for taking the ATL clinic to another level. We have some great R&R coaches.
Jay, how did you like your stickers? Thanks to Brandy for the link up,.More on the way..thank you!
i'll give p90x a shot. what do i have to do?
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS SO CUTE!!!!.
Young, wild, and free.
I'm excited for school to start too, not excited for no running water. But if everyone was back by now I could just go use a friends shower.
congrats! it's my favorite for sure.
Congrats to Rochester and PSU WR for signing with the Miami Dolphins
She's daddy's little angel but she wasnt last night
thank u soo much
Q1 What difficulties typically accompany this type of work? Need to know if you can handle the cons as well as the pros.
I woke up thinking it was Wednesday. My brain is ready for the weekend. Then Portia serenade me in the shower so that improved the morning.
Things on the internet make me want to make stuff, be creative, etc. And then I'm lazy.
"Not me" did it.
yeah, my 15" MBP has the SSD. The first time I restarted, it scared me it was so fast.
Education is the key to fixing the problems of the past that manifest themselves now.
my mommy didn't make me go to school :)
no problem bro
Omg I can't stop thinking about it.
i'll reply to the dm's in the morning. :) i have to go to bed lol.
awesome! Enjoy your free video!
I think I like The Pains of Being Pure At Heart. Shit.
Thank you - glad to hear you enjoy the tweets!
you coming out to Saturday ?
scoreboad says Cishek is only throwing in the low 90s, but he's sure making the Giants look silly on those fastballs
Watching Back to the Future. Yeah, life is pretty awesome.
You are good in everything you do :). Going to see size2shoes in LA. They are playing close to where I live.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from Anytime Fitness Freret! Don't worry, it's ok to go crazy today with the food. That's why we have gyms!
just got handed a personal archive from a chef who trained with la mère Brazier
EVEN THOUGH JAPAN HAS AN EARTHQUAKE LET'S STILL PARTY FOR THE NEW YEAR BUT BLESS THOSE IN JAPAN
You could totally be a public librarian.
That Snape sure is a snappy dresser.
hahaha it was great. I cant wait to actually meet you haha
singing the subway song while ordering my sub!
haha Cute... i guess
Guy: *follows girl* Girl: *turns around* Why are you following me? Guy: Because when i was younger my mom told me to follow my dreams.
I just bought a nook today. And it won't let me purchase books. What am I doing wrong...ugh!!!
Insulate to hibernate! (I can make your home warm) Insulate to meditate! (I can reduce noise) Insulate to eradicate! (good seals, no pests)
you always know exactly what to say!
Thanks&appreciate your response. I'm speaking at 3 on the Twillio panel, then available if you have 5-10 minutes to meet outside.
ok. I'll start randomly grabbing girls and saying 'Peter says Hi'. That will workout just fine
Hey Misti! You write an impressive amount of Yelp reviews. It would be great if you could see my show and review it too!
I really miss waking up in his arms. There was no better feeling in the world then that! feeling a little sad this morning. Come home boo!
there is a lost and found by where you got your badge.
Sometimes I get very serious in the biz building process & I forget that it's supposed to be FUN!
Thanks for the follow Leteisha!
Having sonic for the first time with my girl. I'm not gonna lie, its pretty awesome! Root beer floats all around mofo
$uch is life
oh man. Be prepared for awesome skillz!! ;)
Joe Hite keeping the vibe going! Dancing drinking, Fun!
some cases I feel it's warranted but not in every case.
My man is coming back home..I might have to get Pacer Season tics whenever the NBA is back...Yeeeeaaahhh G!
there's only three men that ima serve my whole life. it's my daddy and nebraska and Jesus Christ.
"My life is better than yours." lol. that's a cute bio.
please add "master password" functionality like so that I can actually start saving my passwords w/o worries. Thanks!
Today in 1981, Sandra Day O'Connor nomintd by Ronald Reagan 2 Supreme Court; bcomes 1st woman to evr serve. Retired 2006.
thanks I will be back in a week and check it out!!
Laughed out loud at ur comments on the blog. Then got run over by a truck. But I'm back to say THANKS!
you are welcome! I hope you have a great bday!
Didn't have a very good day!.
hahaha brilliant! RT : RT : If you think LMFAO is good you need to
#Louisville derby advice - see issue for "Holly on the go" party-hopping etiquette. Applies all the time - Derby's a good start
Psyched to preview our new office this afternoon!
Hey all you April Foolers.....it's not funny!
Such a pleasure to work w/ #bbbstylesession! you were right! He is the truth!
or perhaps property owners could install them and sell the power themselves
Fun fact: I have as many home runs as Albert Pujols this year.
Looking for Records/QA Specilists in Ft. Worth, TX! Reach me at !
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
yeah #Orioles :D
What is right about the AHA? Van Gorder: We absolutely have to find a way to get everyone health insurance.
This is definitely a night of firsts. Ha
apparently my sidekick needs a troubleshoot
thx, i'll have my vp hit u up
awee that sucks
. Haha. Just stop.
#SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct. (true story)
Ill get u when ur sleeping..its not rape if both parties dont really want it
Why does everybody on #thevoice suck & they are all ugly......
The showdown dance in PLO is 6 times worse than it is in no limit
great photo
“: I don't see how people don't like sugar land, it's pretty sweet to me” I miss home!
Money, Good sex, Zero stress.
Thx for the RT - see you on the call!
Juliet Simms butchered Wild Ones on the voice. Sia forgive her.
he totally stood behind me and tied it like a mom would
College Baseball Final - Nebraska 5, Creighton 3 - first of 3 meetings this spring between the two in-state rivals #jays,
online reading how manufacturing going digital
collizion was way better with choreo and overall performance. They could've won.
Tonight!!! C&L Live Park!! Door at 7:30.
Yes! So very Whedon.
"I love you my Pisces wifey !."
Happy Birthday to my Amazing Father :) -A
I'm loving this shit LOL!
I am the palest person you will ever meet. Go talk to about tanning. Hahahaha
nope- it's all lost. NO idea how it happened. I saved it lots throughout the day then tried moving it to another folder and it
As a Badger on the verge of graduating, this #UWRightNow project definitely brings up many fond memories & even adds a few to the to-do list
she's very talented. Y is she your favorite?
I am on Twitter all day long for my awesome clients, sometimes I forget to actually engage for myself. Anyone else deal with this?
THINK ABOUT THIS: irs does exact same FRAUD to/2 different people XCEPT the irs ALSO threatens 1of2 w4/guns, alters 2 of his checks, & more
Risked 5 miles even though it looks like it could turn ugly any minute.
Girls grab eachothers boobies and it's cool. I try grabbin' my buddy's junk, and it's considered weird? WTF!?
You raised me up so I can stand on montains!
I hope so!
Children are always lovely :)
Remember - even though the tree is lit and Festival of Lights is over - you can still FestQuest until 11:59pm on 12/4. GREAT prizes!!...
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need an interview.
Ill be 22 this year in oct....i dnt even look it , guess its because of my height , im 5'3 you knoo
Lazy Sunday watching the crew and the masters with the pooch snuggling with me
#whosgonnalose - will pick title games top of next hour and tweet pick results here
fat guy with tattoos on a Cervelo? Then yes, twas I.
I will do both for you for $99. Please let me know once you send payment. Do you have paypal details already?
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 3
It is one of Those daze.
Make today count!
Are you sure that's not just "boo's"? Packer fans do not like him...
In my game-based session Wed. I lauded the work of the ADL Academic Co-Lab so nice to have #slnsolsummit w/ & co
see to da next day
If you are looking for power out of that group I'd roll JD Martinez or Smoak depending on your need at a position.
yeah g better get crack'n ha!
Are your playrights public?
Natalie Portman and Colin Firth won!! I can have a good night's sleep.
Sweet! I can't wait to see!
are you going to play again?
Sipping Cab Franc on this "thank heavens its over Monday".... heavenly.
it's at main !! we're here 'til 5 pm!
Cant wait for emails to come with the collab story ^_^
I am neither man, nor beast. I am a creative force.
They need to change the rules of Idol this year so , , and can all win. No one needs to leeeaavee!
This is what happens when you hold non-binding caucuses! :)
got any good clippers bloggers to follow?
wow!! thru the fog into mastery!! can't wait to meet you!
Hey guys! Stop by my page and download my new song "Parking Lots" for free :) if you like The Maine or A Rocket to the Moon you'll enjoy it
In the 60's, 1/3 of all Fed revenue was from corporate taxes. Today, it's 6%. Now WE bear the burden, while big corporations get the breaks!
Home please!
Sympathy or Empathy at Work? What's The Business Benefit?
DWF wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm pumped! I'm so excited to hear the boys new album! OMHS!!! I wish I was with them to hear their new songs! - Blanka
We already use mostly fresh ingredients for our meals but I love new recipes to try ;-)
do you know any coffee shops or restaurants near explosion in la?
LMFAO I AGREE THOUGH I HOPE WHEN ITS MY TURN MY FAM BABY SITS THATS THE KEY LOL
What was the date again? I'm sorry! lol, totally forgot!
What is this difference between tweeting and live tweeting? Am I live tweeting now or just regular?
I'm starting to relize they got therapist for every thing
It's been like 50 degrees out here... (Winter my ass)... More like an extended fall. #aye but I'm not complaining! 8)
The sky the limit how bitch I'm moon walking
So hungry! The roast chicken won't be done for another 30-40 minutes, but it smells so good.
When I'm in public, I never know when I'll start talking to my imaginary friend so I always wear my bluetooth.
I understand. Soon I'll have ways to volunteer online. Thanks for the support!
next week on friday lol but i want to finish before then!
Jacked for the draft tomorrow. Pizza - 6 pack (yeah that's all it takes #lightweight) my wife, my dogs, awesomeness. Hear that
Why is Ray J always somewhere involved in something?!....SIT DOWN!
The Capital Chordsmen dropped delievered a valentine to COCA! One of their quartets in red shirts came and sang some love songs. So sweet!
“: “: #Delta #ussnowboarding!" If not boarding, what other #Olympic sport would you want to do?
I do! I also have some pumped up kicks...
just got twitted back from Rexchapman. Lol!
no guilt! On the bottom of our birth certificates in very tiny print it says it is mandatory!!! ;)
Eating at Piccadilly :p
Pretty great. RT "Glutted with plum buns, and plump bumptiousness" --Dickens, MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD
I do not need him, will not keep him unless he is FLY! #10 STAR "LADY"
i dident feel like tweeting today
Most of the Scandewegian elderly people in MN are not very little. :)
Tomorrow is the last day for the ASID-OC Dream Home. Come see me!! 10a-5p at SoCo.
ily I'll keep tending !ily please follow me
Yeah, I'm on there. It's weird they have an event but not a group or a page, but I'm following the event.
I was like....what the hell? and then I realized you guys retweeted that. hahahahha. So funny.
There's been media hysteria about bedbugs lately, but I think that's overblown. Just be reasonably cautious.
This is the most disappointing game I have ever seen in any sport
I know right? I wasnt very happy bout that.
Hate national announcers calling my boys... "Miller isn't fast and can't jump but seems to get it done" yeah
Eating never felt so god!
yep RT : mHealth helps create online communities where patients can discuss treatment - including what they pay for it.
instapaper and jamie's recipes :)
Let's get this party started
All carbohydrates are sugar. A bowl of oatmeal is a bowl of sugar no matter what you add to it.
Hopping in the showers.
Selfish doesn't look good on anyone..... Especially someone prone to asking for favors!
Dad just went to the E.R. Thinks he may be having a heart attack :/ Great..
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!
Mr stephen is looking for mr.
happy bday! So many in November... Hope you're day is great!
thank you!
Revenge? Nah, I don't got time for it. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
Thanks for the #follows!
please give me catching fire juls :( i wanna read it give it to me tomorrow or thursday!
Good Luck tonight Kaner
yeah- i had LAC in 7 games over Memphis. Who knows, but Chris Paul is hard to bet against. He wants to win bad
RT - I've been seeing lots of #Jacksonville #Jaguars lately! Born and raised! Go Jags!
Dr. Jansens office is hiring someone for Tuesday Thursday and some Saturday's idk if that is appealing to you lol
you could always buy some tickets and give them to friends. HF-Twestival tickets make a wonderful gift.
Wyd? im bored.
My mom is having hip surgery today. Hoping everything goes well.
Join us! It's an insanely comprehensive class :) Plus...we use a wood-fired oven.
Fowl, perhaps. We do what we can.
ok now im PISSED TF OFF .. THESE MFS USED MY CIGARELLO FOR THEY WEED N DIDNT EVEN LET ME HIT SHXT!
sucks, a lot of talent there, enough suffering for royals fans
Miami nightlife=FUN!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
it's always you -.-
RT : & "host" takin over THE REPUBLIC Sat 4/14..314 N College St (Uptown Charlotte)
Apparently champagne and tornadoes go EXTREMELY well together...
so is charlie sheen done fixing your window?
Last nights shoot was long and tiring but Awesome fun and full of skin and booties!!! You girls did a great job!
CandySwipe is one of the top 50 casual games in the android market!
Let's do it.
So, my sister is flying down tomorrow for my grandmother's graveside. I was in CA last week so I'm not. I just feel down today.
Trying hard not to think about how hateful some feeds must look right now.
Are you going to sic your legion of bots on people? XD
Maybe it's time for #Brewers start talking with Lucroy about a second contract extension.
I love you :[
Money for sure, hankie, secret notes... :)
I kinda like Katy Perry.
A student or lover of archery is called a toxophilite.
Sex trivia at 9 tonight! Great prizes from and the stranger. Don't miss it.
I just checked-in at Mothers Against Drunk Driving in MyTown2.
// mission accomplished. Twice. And chatting soon. Don't be jealous. :)
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
#newspaces4learning I miss you guys!
I added 171 followers in a week by tweeting. Thanks to all who follow me, I will follow you back.
be sure to follow back
Simon Tanner's papers on digital imaging costs (now 5 years old or so) are our baseline, not yet superseded (!)
did u get the email
you deserve to win!!
The type on this page is too tiny to read! Can't increase it. Please make the text more accessible.
Prayers go out to the family of the young boy killed by the train today. It's sad to see his classmates' reactions to his death.
Haha...it's all good bro...have made respect for D. Rose!
Nice! RT picking up lunch for the Birthday Girl, the hubby and of course myself...
Skip the sports and being on the new shows.
don't be jealous, t.
The rest..well, how can I be sure it's right for you..or everyone. I can't. And I amn't. ;-)
Far from a "YES MAN" ..Nah Bitch Not Me!
Even the suggestion might make my wife leave me. I'm gonna go ahead and say "maybe".
I said I thougth u were b n faithful.
chillin man! Doing this work stuff. What's good with you?
wishes we had nyquil in pills instead of liquid..
Happy #FF Thanks 4 the mentions!
im prob a directionator too.... but oh yeah im nicole's friend.. in case u wanted to know
feel like crying.
Yes they do. They believe with everything they've got.
just retweet who you think will be the champion
yes, they're opening at 30 e Chicago on thursday. Went to the preview night.
That's our kind of story!
"Let's get weird! Let's get weird! Let's get weird!" Wait... I thought we were chanting let's get weird?
Unity!!! RT What a game! Tough to see a loser in a game like this. Well fought by both
I love you more!
Why did Jamie Lynn Sigler audition for the role of Meadow on the Sopranos? Because she thought the show was about singing.
Working on #iSummit2012 presentations, getting very excited!
There are these gold snake necklaces in the museum shop and I want to put them in my hair and run around yelling "Medusa, bitches."
more like real life Natty Boh.
and of course she is a libra. The essence of that sign. She touches my soul with an undiscribable softness
nice video bro! What instrument do you play??
That's what's up, man. And for god's sake let me know next time you're in the mid-atlantic so we can have some beers.
Yea, she just had a little cough attack but she's fine now.
And it's been a while, but I still feel the same.
love u Vic-y :{D hope u read my Letter
How did you get so many followers?
Today's message: "Taking the Baton" Acts 6:8-15
Like i love you
My bother & I gave our Mom 2 tix to see Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis & Liza Minnelli in Miami!
She's got spunk! MT ": "I'm sry, I thought I articulated very clearly that we don't discuss facts of the case." Whoa Angela Corey.
Even if you purchase a relatively inexpensive gift for
Did you say something? RT : We invest 5 times more in research on penis enlargement and breast size increase than in Alzheimer's.
Like a bau5
Everyone makes mistakes & then some people abuse the privilege
proud of you buddy
Thanks for the retweet =)
Registered users can now easily invite friends - look for the link on the new 'My Account' panel!
The question that now constantly plagues me: how much of what I'm now seeing is the product of the filter bubble?
I can't remember a season where 2 goalies on same team were as dominate as Elliott and Halak have been for #Blues this year.
hey everyone
checking on this.
your asses? yeah im finna beat that! :b rt ": Hey Julie mind yo binnes lmao x) I love you x)"
pandawinks is now on twitter! visit facebook.com/pandawinksdiapercakery for some awesome baby gifts and to find out what we're all about!
Found an awesome apartment in East Hyde Park today!
“: “: Stadium bill passes MN House. See you tomorrow!” There it is. 73-58.” - YES! Go #Vikings!
take him home cause you really need another dog
thanks For being at there is an aura of the presence of God about you
casting on? Yeah. And will do it to 10inches. So more of a tight snood :) It'll be the winter fashion accessory to have.
Omg finale :( freaking and are meant to be I DON'T WANT TO WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON :,(
Had a great time!!!
Girls that work at american apparel..
After that tweet I went out and bought one and I don't even have an iPhone. I'll buy the champagne.
I will yell to you!
i wish there was a button i could click on Google Analytics to go check my new tracking code. Sadly there is no button
is beautiful. tweet me if u agree
And I am supposed to be the freaky one?? LOL
Auditioning for commercials is a unique art form. We convey a strong expression, reaction, or emotion in seconds...wait...like Twitter.
Why I can't work on my novel at work: Just now had to google the spelling of fellatio. That would be a tough one to explain to HR.
watch out for flying axes.
Help save the Mountain gorilla's of the Congo. SIgn petition site
YOU'VE NEVER TWEETED US BEFORE. this should change(:
Tell ALL your female friends that i can get 100 tampons for $1 .. No Strings attached ..but for a limited period ONLY! ..A bloody good deal!
Looking for my Doctor!!!! - Elizabeth Russo-Stringer - Best Dr. I've had of any specialty. Knowledgable, unhurried, personable care.
Wearing my community activist hat tonight at the DC ward 7 community dinner.
I have the best nurse ever. Caught some stomach bug, food poisoning? And is taking care of me.
whats this mafia family i keep getting added to?
Colorado just scored 2 goals in the first. Its like taking candy from a baby.
Alex Arzu will be showing some pieces at a benefit art show tomorrow Nov. 22 at Zanzibar 5pm-9pm.
well hm :)
it's easy to find yo heart.
Chillen with the bros and chicks, kickin' it with the dog for now singing those love songs
A king with no crown
thanks, hope you're V-Day was a special one.
Grim grinning ghosts come out to socialize <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
Evidence is where? Rooney has carried them pretty much most of the season. Hernandez has been awful and Welbeck patchy.
Fabulous! I wasn't clicking high enough. Thank you!
Hope you're having a lovely birthday!
rain is your friend. Haha. Moving was sad :( I miss you! Going to Europe in a month. Can't believe it's summer.
Most people cheat because they're paying more attention to what they're missing, rather than what they have.
I went kayaking for the first time today.. On my way back,i fell in the midde of the river. Scared me so much. :O
Love it (starting w/ NF and moving to Historical Fic)
#Redsox 100th anniversary game at #Fenway. Follow us & share your pics from #Fenway!
I'll DM you the user and password
no. 7 sub! is it lunchtime yet?
there is no room in the game for hitting people. Harper has done nothing wrong. If hamels didn't like him, strike him out
when are you getting crowned miss tennessee?
I think we've forgotten what the streets sound like. A quick walk without headphones to listen can be really nice to help remember. :)
My head even feels sunburned.
RT : Meeting my friends in half an hour for the last time for the foreseeable future. We're gonna make it count.
w/ the few people i need in life :) <3
SWAG SHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN
I'm sorry that my tweet was the Genesis of this line of conversation
Summer with out football , is like a lamp with out a light bulb
o....well then..ill accept a welcoming party of one lol
Congrats to Corps Member of the year Mike Bremer! Thank you for your service!
hey you better not talk about bella tht way i am here biggest fan and if you say one more thing about her im going to hunt u dwn
what is?
since you seem a lil more grounded in the music industry you got any tips/suggestions for me?
i totally just tweet about this! said wish i was on the coast :)
haha lol, you aren't german? its funny to read that, when i'm german, haha :D
“: I know you as the Old Navy Cowboy :P” ha I guess I can take that too.
yeah I was slackin
House Of Blues tonight was fun. Some good raggae bands!
Augustana has just been added to open for Jack's Mannequin on August 26! We hope you dig that as much as we do.
#MikeWoodson Is A Solid Coach And He Should Keep The Job If No Phil But No Team In The NBA Will Turn Down The Greatest Coach In NBA History
thanks for the full disclosure! :)
Hi there! Just sent over an inquiry to your site re: site design! Look forward to hearing from you!
And by the way there's only 32 days until Chicago for those of you who are going (like me)! Is anyone going to any different dates? -Caitlin
because besides montana I'm the only one.
Several client events coming up for the month of July. More to come later.
hows the new J Oh B goin?
Ready to shamrock the people of North Beach for St. Patrick's Day.
re-framing: Justice requires blood to be spilled.
: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love.
using ems feels pedantic to me. It's much more clear and maintainable to use pixels.
#rockstarteacher never attends professional development without trashing the room afterward because he can.
Where are you staying?
It's cliche to talk about the great weather out here, but somedays it's so nice out the sunshine makes your heart feel a little bigger.
Did u c last night's with ? He showcased the most memorable spots of the summer. Look for it at todaystmj4.com.
“: Yoooo...my summer is gonna be so dope!!!!” Yeap!!!
I wish I had someone to cook for :(
Watching videos haha i love them <33
Were you with the ladies wearing tiaras today?!?
Wait until 2016. If it's an open race on the R side, every major contender and VP possibility will be from the class of 2010.
Missing someone this much really stinks!!!!
hahaha i'm so excited for it! hope this intermission goes quick!
i love my boyfriend :)
Thx, Jim! Outlook 2003 is pretty ugly! RT : 1. Don't throw the PC out the window. 2. Do take a deep breath
how bout Missy Elliott's "The Rain"???
You ain't never too pretty to get shitted on....
It's true. I've shared a meal w/ her. RT : well, , , and also know I exist.
love you joy!!!
Thank you for forwarding comments about the gold line.
well tell me what everything is! my tummy is living vicariously through yours hahah :) yes i feel so much better now im rested
My generations attachment parenting was when my mom hit me on the head with the 18 inch long metal serving spoon attached to her hand.
on the air! listen in to the Brenna & Brenna Law Forum on ! Listener Tribute Show with Giveaways! Call in!
I got my wings young, so I tend to fly.
thx - always great to have you!
Have you used ? DM us for some exciting news!
THE LAST JERSEY SHORE TONITE @ 10
Awww! Thannnkkks! Your so sweet! You are to! <3 (:
I did! i read your text message, and i'm going WTH was that. haha
RT : A2: ..."text a friend or parent" (outside of school) a question about something we are learning. wonderful responses
If you want tickets to the Tejano Music Awards and your in Las Vegas stop by my booth 's on the strip! Ask for the TMA.
try it now
Forget boston,forget the celchicks
Excited for #RHOC - I went to college with the new housewife!!!
Heyy Alexis :), long time now talk, i miss you sis!! <33
my team sorry? You must not know them they had to learn a new offense and get use to the new coach and we lost our 6th man
Harden over Terry in the 4th!!! #sctop10 I dare you not to put that on there!
Never understood why ppl lie on twitter o_0
Rob compared his hatred toward the Rangers to mine toward Dennis.
Wow. Haven't "tweeted" in ages. Might have to start up again.
Ready to RAWK. Hope our performance goes well today.
queues Whitney's "I have Nothing" South Africa performance (1994) in QT class & : "want to dim the lights?" Yes.
Regarde-ci! RT french macarons, sorbet, mousse, cakes, buttercream…i will put st germain in just about anything
Yes! I hope you can make it! It's been way too long since I've seen you!!!
Thanks. He's came by to cheer up the kids not long ago.
They keep saying the right person will come along. I think mine was hit by a truck…
So is coming out strong for marriage equality? What is his position?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A person can not be court-ordered to pay more than 50% of their total net monthly income in child support.
Wow it's getting late, needed to package a few more prints but maybe I can do that tomorrow. Need to finish new video soon as well.
comforting huh?
sure that would be so cool!!!
homework, videos, eating ya know!! Going to bed now though!!!
i think I'm just gonna wear a band tee tomorrow. oh well ppl already don't like me no one to impress
chocolate covered bacon ask for debbie
Just showed that research methods mid-term who's boss
haha u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend?1
I'm only on kettle bell swings right now (35 lbs), where would you say a tall person with athletic background should go next?
mrs.allen dump me :(
A principle cause for closing the accnt: a blogger deceived us into naming one of our own who then sadly lost her job interview at
It's Samuel From FB Hi
RT : This is way too much salad.
Here i am expecting just a little bit to much from the wounded.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.-Mark Twain
Went with yes! On my way with
CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF IDAHO ARTICLE VI SECTION 1. SECRET BALLOT GUARANTEED... An absolutely secret ballot is hereby guaranteed...
Nothing is more beautiful then a smile that has struggled through tears
You would get to watch big-time football, of course :)
woot! When do you guys open your beta service again?
I love the fight in you man, we need that in Milwaukee, we haven't had it here in a long time
ill talk to cindy
not cool
#Dolphins must have saved money on scouting. Taking their second guy out of the U. Some had Lamar Miller as second-best RB
you souls be out partying. Let's schedule a day out
sorry,by no means was I implying twitter whoredom. Just know how much fun you are. Surprised anything would offend u.
when you get out here you should bring & out here for a night on the town ;)
aren't we all! All day. Everyday.
Thanks for stopping in, we're so glad you enjoyed! :)
#ForeverYoung cannot be contained. Learn to accept us before you are #forced to!
rapping about good things would be too easy
Who's up for winning a free lg pizza today? Just RT this & tell us something u wanna do this fall. Winner randomly picked at 5.
RRT : What if low-performing students were given"double-block"#artsed to foster a love of learning and spark curiosity?
I'm a crazy hockey addict here! Been an #AHL season ticket holder for going on three years and had #ECHL before that!
please follow me? It would mean the world! <3
Charles Village and Hamilton are my favorite neighborhoods. CV is great for renting, Hamilton for buying.
‘True Blood’ author sells mystery book series to Syfy
we all know what can happen when authorities are just "following orders," that's how heinous crimes are able to be committed
Preparing to tell the Kiwanis staff all about the and associations! and how they can find our missing alumni!
But average gas prices are still above $4/gallon in Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, New York, Oregon and Washington.
No, no I didn't just order the Patman Family Sweet Valley High saga on PaperBack Swap. Why do you ask?
Yessir. 3:05 p.m. on any ESPN Radio station in the state of Arkansas.
Liberty was the theme that the Patriots fought by in the Revolutionary War and their victory slogan became One nation under God
Omg rockys drool all over me while he's sleeping lol
That was the last straw...This is one bridge u really should't have burned.
so how was your MRI? When I got mine done, it was possibly the noisiest, most annoying machine ever. Ever.
Ghetto language: Bathroom = Baafrumm. Refrigerator = Fridgerataa. Remote control = Moken troll.
okay i'll add you, whats your name on facebook?
I love that what kids want to talk about -- whether in the United States or #Zimbabwe -- is
We have outstanding deals on toys for children of all age dont miss out! Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Out of the gates running
grand opening tonight! Come in and see me 1224 w webster
Midnight City > Man City
PhotoTip: Why tell yourself that you can fix it in PS later, when the right lighting and settings, almost always produce the best results :)
LOL YES hahahaha oh man that guy gets weirder every day
playing with peeps in the library.
RT I'm realizing I need someone who makes damn good traditional martinis to school me & taste test. Takers?
Kool-Aid is the potion lmao
Are you already hip to Grace Potter & The Nocturnals? Kate Walsh? or Missy Higgins? Not sure what your mood is right now.
What'cha up to?
If you run close to the storage threshold on your storage server, Cameras will automatically drop video signals.
& u can't smell me neither hoe , how u do dat
isn't that twitter ?
aka the Antichrist...because throw pillows
Loving FireShot's features for higher res website screen shots!
he taught me how to spin so I haven't been playing long but seeing other talented female DJs is inspiring :)
#Np All we do- Young Jeezy
Hm, Jack and lemonade volleyball night? I think so!
RT ah, yeah! House of Motion Stand Up! Travel day to Nashville to shoot a video with Miss LaLa Deaton & her crue...
You can have everything you want in life. Just help enough other people to get what they want and it will be so.
Do you truly love your best friend? Walk them!
pretty sure it's "correx"
My tummy hurts
RT : wow, I thought for sure you were following me. No bueno LoL I'm following Homie!! What's good?!
is so funny, kind, and humble... God, I love that guy #Idol. He deserves to win this.
can't lie, that doesn't turn me on at all. i would probably just feel bad watching that
....what language?
Very cool getting to talk to Doug and Tate of Can't wait to watch them play tonight!
This Tami character got the ladies on my TL ready to fight
Just watched #gamechange! Gained a whole new respect for #johnmcain and lost even more for
sure u did
Had fun sitting around the fire with everyone tonight. I needed that :)
owwww dog smashed into my face as i picked her up cuz of NO BIEBS CONCERTS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today is a reggae day
Scheer: Big media complicity in financial meltdown and Iraq war
I've been doing great. Haven't heard from you either. I'll be down there at the end of the month.
shame. let me know if you make it.
i knew it
I got blasted by and during our sparring session today. A few shots like that and I'll be eating out of an IV.
happy mothers day mama's!
Dont ask me to do shit wen the game on.... it might not get done lol
Definitely must-listen radio tomorrow!
I have no dignity.
****STIMULUS PACKAGE***** NO COVER ALL NIGHT OPEN BAR FROM 10-11PM FREE SHOTS EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks! Using Pinterest for practice management is novel, but we like it. :) Have a great weekend!
You always gotta be the bigger person even if it's the hardest thing you'll ever do
RT Dig a broad shallow hole, remove all tags & twine, make sure not to plant too deep, straighten the tree, mulch & water..
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our June 13-15 Annual Users Conference!
oh fuck I forgot lol um 1304? Yea I think it's 1304.
Did you know.. That Puerh tea can be aged for 30+ years, and quality Puerh increases in value as it ages. Some were sold for $8000 per lb.
Lol @ a few things right now its funny how some things work out sometimes
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Not that you'd let me change the channel.
Today's society doesn't built or compose any1 it decomposes u like rotten eggs so dont be miseducated like the title LP of Lauryn Hill
I love working on rainy days. It boosts my creativity for some odd reason.
Jose Villa, and old masters such as Ralph Gibson, Mary Ellen Mark, Elliott Erwitt, Annie Leibovitz, David Burnett...
Night made. Thanks :D
OMG I KNOW. Like did she mean him? How does she know about him? lol
The best contraceptive is a glass of cold water: not before or after, but instead.
Great 48 hrs. Topped it off with a wonderful night with & a trip to the #teenwolf set! Super cool. I envy their lighting...
I do follow and I do love Firefly.
I could really use a citation on that India/universities stat. Been looking online & can't find the same numbers
Grateful & happy af to have a certain person in my life. So giving & beyond special, I have some of the best memories in their company.
You know you live in the ghetto when theres crime scene tape
#OWIF: Oh, he's planning to do the worm. His posse is high fiving him. Crap, this Merchant Marine may be a ringer.
Where is that? (Rockefeller Park)
is making #cocktails at the LVMS getting ready for #NASCAR!!
wahoo! Can't wait to toast to your good health and continued nerdery next Thurs!
agreed !!! Thank goodness tomorrow is a day off!
Kinda up set..
Give generously to them and do so without a grudging heart; then because of this the LORD your God will bless you in all your work- Deut. 15
ok, lol... try now
#Lt I dont remember accepting that or even typing that. Smh i swear facebook yo!!!!!!!!
this is cassidy... and excuse me?!
heard petty's 'learning to fly' while on hold twice in one day... bought song on itunes...
About to see "Dark Shadows"
RT : Watching Dr. Drews "How to avoid getting played" episode. Taking note.
RT "Thanks to the 59,000+ new Hyundai owners in July...about a third getting 40-mpg, like the 2012 Accent." -jfk
Please follow (:
You're in luck: not sure I still have the Word file, but (shockingly) just found the hard copy!
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its head enables it to see all 4 feet at all times.
what a week. can't wait to climb in bed and forget this week ever happened yall
paddle boat?
Small updates in your kitchen make a world of difference. Change fixtures, handles, mirrors, etc. and you have a new room!
Don't be too hard on yourself. It is the best of 2 that counts, and next time you'll have a much better idea what to expect.
Sent. Thanks again.
If I ever run out of peanut butter in my dorm I'm probably going to have to resort to cannibalism
nice in ma fab voice
Grand slam one day, web gem the next. Edwin Maysonet.
Catch you at next #SMBLA :?
So sadly true, on both counts
or even better: sangria and mojitos! wants some too!
Just a thought watchin #espn when does steve strickers name show up as notables not on leader boatd irritating
want. want. want.
I love the Thunder, but the mandatory blue crowd t-shirts and the mindless "Beat LA" chants are tired.
": Saw & last night!! Hope yall liked my man voice I had goin on. Haha" It was sexy Mama!
If that is the case, then perhaps try removing your bit.ly account and then switching to another service, then re-add bit.ly API
Jim Perry ftw!
I hope you don't have to travel many hills in the morning with the snow! Nothing like a good spring snow hit!
My new Short Film "Save Your Tears" is soon in production!!! Yay!
Movie night with the fam:)
My boys goin off.
Fuck Cheers, Marry The Simpsons, Seinfeld wants killing.
Live life to the fullest, even when last night you had a knot of stress in your gut
I work out so that I can drink wine without guilt.
Yay all my girls have joined me on Twitter! I'm so excited I feel like flipping someone! : )
I love Victoria's Secret.
It's David Fincher's The Social Network
Is Ryan Lindley of #sdsu an NFL prospect?
I refuse to be ashamed of my state and the 40% of its citizens who voted not to enshrine limitations of rights into the constitution.
I do not like it at al!
Sometimes I like to just say "You Go Girl" no reason, it's just empowering
how's your day going?
can't wait to get this game started!
all i wanted today was to smoke some weed to make my shitty day a little bit better. glad my friends actually called me to hang out.
Where's my Minnesota Pump n Run peeps at?
is that clays...?
Come brunch with us on Easter. Regular menu and breakfast all day, plus holiday specials and pastries.
PHIL!!! He's 8 under. Tomorrow we're gonna win #themasters. Gah I love that man.
mob wives is amazing!!! You're awesome Karen
Spaghetti Feed and auction tomorrow at Sonrise....everybody come!
Barcelona is losing :(
Alyssa McCloud: "spatial understanding of literature"
So the big announcement was that there's gonna be an announcement on Wednesday? Oh, you guys are cruel! ;)
I love how great you look here! So sweet. You need to get an instagram and let me be your 1st follower/and your first follow!
RT : Every Thief...Loses Far More Than He Ever Steals.
Why is "I hate my face" trending? People need to be fucking confident. Well, unless they're actually ugly as hell.
Trust in God in the midst of trouble and His Peace will flourish.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE ONE OF THEM LEAVE ME THE HELL ALONE RANTZ LLS.....
Thank-you dor the follow. Iam returning the favor!
sorry I was cleaning :)
You know the have 'arrived' when they get some pub on Looking good, !
you too! And i'll be partying for new years :)
Yikes, Jordan Hill....
I don't even know what to think about today
No time 2 fuss with dessert? Pumpkin & Cinnamon Apple cupcakes are great 4 Thanksgiving
Sh*t i failed my chem test D- lets just say moles & tritrations are my thing.
It's not my fault your PMSing, bitch.
was it because we have a dumbass,lying fraud running the country?
Everyone keep in your thoughts and prayers today as he undergoes surgery! Strongest kid I know.
your feet hate you for tucking in your sheets
Hah. Made my night.
Wow going to game 7
Thanks for the mention!
My foot's asleep. again..
...so what if we like to wear jeggings
today i walked into cf and did 100 burpees for time. wow, that sucked. then i did the actual wod, "tabata this" total score: 42
Congrats!! I knew you'd end up a rockstar!! Still need to do sushi and catch up!
What's your life about, enlighten me! Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?!
all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm dreaming. Its not his face or anything. That would be stupid
wonderful lighting!
Beautiful day in NYC today super sunny and clear blue skies
They're finally gonna prosecute that asshole.
ur voice is nice. Great tone.
I think your account may have been compromised. Sending spam DMs.
My girlfriend just randomly calls me, call drops or something then she dont text me again after. Tf.
thank you and sorry for delay.
Live on your android on tune in radio RADIO
what kind? Minute Maid Cherry Limeade is pretty good
Show 2 at GCT. Keep them laughing
#us gross debt at a ratio of 96% of
Okay, and don't worry about the sun screen i forgot it
If you live in that mindset where money is power/MOB/ money is the motivation. I can't have you in my life... money is just paper to me
If the afterlife doesn't include vast amounts of hummus then something has gone terribly wrong
ACTUALLY, i gave you boobs. <3
Goodnight Twitter! Work at 7am <U+2639>
God helps us al....
Second day in a row I've asked IWJ to work from home because the roads in Chicago are still not clear.
That video was basically make or break for your day.
Using these authors for the primary readings: Jeff Chang, Wayne Au, , , Bronwen Low, & David Stovall
We'd do the pod thing where you pack up the cubes yourself, but we don't have a driveway or parking for that.
holy shit. that's a lot of $ for a pool
Before you judge, Act.Before you speak, Listen. Before you hate,Love. Before you write, Think. Before you pray, Forgive.Before you quit,Try.
That's what I've always taken "you will get touched" to mean. If I'm wrong, just set me straight.
22 days of school left. I can do it.
Just called and spoke with Alisha, super nice. Looking forward to seeing what we can do together to make me feel better again
It's even harder to get and to follow me then it is !! Lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Cool! Sometimes people are pretty nice.
what can I say!
Barnett: My daughter was in a Seminar class with 15 kids. As a parent, great. As a board mbr, we can't afford that.
We're definitely eating at the greatest sushi spot in the world!
what do u call a stripper with no arms on a pole? A CONCUSSION LOL
Thanks for the FF, Richard!
Come say hi at UNMC College of Public Health booth! And pick up a hand sanitizer!
Where was the issue? I always get red-lighted at 4 consecutive intersections downtown.
Anyone available to day to take me to look @ cars???
Do you have your own Youtube channel? You could be famous too! As pets all over world share vids!
Ppl at clark crazy lmao
too good not to share with co-workers and friends... thanks for saving me a blog post! :-)
#Money Team.. But Can't Take Shit From Cotto He Fought His Ass Off... Top 3 Fighters I Fuck Wit It Now.. Mayweather , Cotto , Broner
I went where they say I COULDN'T & did what they say I SHOULDN'T!
just listened really like up up up!! gracias!
Great crew! RT : Excited to be partner w/ & on We're going internat'l baby!
- Man! I almost went to that!
Confirmed, Mark from the Real World works out at my gym.
Damn bro I was obsessed with Akon in elementary
(What Spongebob once said) "What color is my underwear?!" -slaps- xD
Food Fact of the Day: March 10, 1955 Aaron 'Bunny' Lapin received a patent for Reddi-Wip . On March 11th. a teen did the first Wippet
don't forget cute little Myles!
Been running in NB MT101 for the past few months. So far so good. I'm interested in trying the new Minimus MT20.
OC is always least popular guy in town. Pick, dropped TD and missed FG in 4th quarter of AFC Championship.
Dream in color.....
listening to new album all day. and eating.
thanks bro, Merry Christmas! Wish I could make it out to your gig tonight, one Sunday Joanne & I will fo sho.
Just put "Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone" on my iPhone.
Told he was Tha man and he said thanks man! This is a beginning of a great friendship haha
"Cynics always say no. But saying yes begins things. Saying yes is how things grow." Stephen Colbert
" High Hopes & Heartbreak" is my vote. :)
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too. William Shakespeare
So glad I'm off today and got to hear the Beachbody National Coach Call! I feel great! This is my time!
ANNOYED! Just because my hair is in a braid doesn't mean I am going to watch the #HungerGames or that I am trying to be like
What is the difference between a blog and an article?
I thought Delphine K's Project Management workshop would be my least favorite but it was the most useful!!
Small wonder Wilbon's co-hosting - he out-douchebags LeBron. Nicely played, follically-challenged friend.
#SDSummit it always comes back to
During dental-chair marathon, watched Jobs whip Apple developers into frenzy over iphone4. Distracted from drilling.
Friday Night is alright!!! Come on Down! Jimmy is at the bar!!
Im alive on the inside...somewere
Headaches: temporal headache
Sorry to everyone I never replied to or never followed back! Just been busy.
I just saw a guy picking up road kill. Uhm. Wtf are you doing with that sir?
lol well it dnt hurt all tht bad, it jst bother the muscle a lil bit
Just don't come crying to me when they click their heels and are back in Kansas....
Uprise Festival featuring Skillet, Newsboys, David Crowder Band...main stage...we will be there with our partners in production JSL 9/16&17
# in text = win
Is your place ok?
What a great game boys!
In mid july 1990 something, Mad Jack was feeling his freedom. It was hotter than almost hell and the other convicts were in a pissy mood
I'm still gad I'm not into gaming at all.
ME!!!!! follow me back please i have been watching your videos since the beginning pleasee follow me
Ok y'all in a few hours, it's on! 500 people, 500 red umbrellas marching through #treme to challenge #HIV #AIDS in
Don't worry it's normal your not the first one and to imagine I was there through all that it feels like a dream!
": Who's watchin Glee! Tune n East Coast" Watchin'! Go NeNe!!
I saw an albino polar bear once..
Success is all I Desire!!!
I can't stand my group right now
Need a “g” word for Thursday’s poetry prompt. Gee, I’m low on inspiration and caffeine. Must improve both situations.
the cribbo out in the colony bro bro.
It's a long "o", tyvm RT : Going with #MobPriv. Which sounds like the bathroom reserved for members of the Mafia...
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
from now on, art historians are not allowed to use "picturing" or "illuminating" in book titles.
I went to last night for drinks. Luke wasn't kidding. They have a great selection of beer on tap!
following the game I found myself sad for 1 person Maddie van lou. Great kid heart of a lion. She should be out there.
are those going to be broadcast in the US? I wanna see city & colour
I want adventure in my life, but in the mean time - party in the USA
and more 1960’s stop “The incarceration of the black man by the white man for selling drugs to the white man's children (s)”
whatchu talking bout Soya? I totally sent you a thingy on tumbler.
I love it...u are like the Star Trek virgin...who will let us see the the series through virgin eyes
depends on if it was cuz of a bad call.
RT : Death toll in #Bahrain uprising may be as high as 70. On per capita basis, that's the equivalent of 11200 ppl in Egypt:...
So, anyone know where I can find matcha powder (i.e., green tea powder?). Need to make a green tea buttercream tomorrow.
tequila will kill it though! Right?
Here's my number, so call me maybe <3
word...well shit let me know..you already know you got a place to stay
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
well that's no surprise
Dinner with the boyfriend's family for his mother birthday! It will be fun :)
Hey guys. I need a new fridge. Which brand should I go with? I'm considering GE and Samsung. Any suggestions?
go to your privacy settings and set your inbox to not receive messages.
okay :) just let me know so I can ask !
Finally got around to messing with my Instagram today. A Jimmy Fallon Thank You note to AP exams for abducting my time.
Peeps always use a condom (do not trust anyone) bc sometimes ppl do not know they are HIV positive. May want2use condom 4oral as well.
Treat people as you would like to be treated ....yeah, it's that simple!
as my father says 10$ a lid
CAN'T TRUST NOBODY !!!
Nice start! That's my team
Another book to look forward to -- will have to collect them and have you sign someday.
"Can't take it when I'm gone."
We stopped at Stuckey's a few times. Typically, though, it was the Turkey Shop,
Mad shout out to i like pussy more than subway but the quote was real
This is the last day of my water challenge!!!!!!!! It's pretty much a habit now, though. Water all day, every day!
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park!!!
shut up!? What's it say! Eww imma look right now!
I'm super *excited* abt 2moro's photo shoot w/7 wonderful women bloggers from Northern VA via can't wait!
Seriously. I can't stand not being able to at least GO to a bar and hang out with people I love that I may never see again.
"life is short, while alive - live."
I am missing it, too, but following from Athens, Greece.
Spock's communication earpiece looks like my Bluetooth! And this was 1986, people.
no time to argue! I'm very busy & important so I'm unable to spend my days studying my klout score like or
NaLee2010.com check it out if you like fantasy books!!! Mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood..
I feel for the Bulls fans! RT : how are the bulls doing with out rose?
I suppose. I just think the classification of us as "females" is sort of derogatory in general. You know... like a dog.
keep an eye out for a new site for Redfixfive coming in the next few weeks
i'd rather walk alone, than chase you around. I rather fall by myself, than let you drag me down
New #tshirt debuts tonight at 7pm on TuesdayTees.com ... Be sure to check out the
We all have two choices. We can make a living or we can design a life.
Follow back bro
birthday twin!
Movie recommendtion of the afternoon is Dave Chappelle in "Half Baked"
This breaks my <3 Christi....my son will b a sr. next yr & as much as I don't want him 2 grow up, I can't wait 4 graduation.
ok princess Lore have a wonderful day I will message you to say Hi later :)
Why brewers broadcasts are the best: there was a graphic about "the cubs way" on the Nat'l one. Uh, always losing?
Note: the fourth dimension is not something beyond our level of existence. It is TIME. As far as I know we're all in it.
Make sure your home is a haven of love and peace. Your partner will rush home.
thank god for small favors! cc/
Thanks for the follow. GREAT story in on
great guys to work with.
:D Thanks baby! :) you're amazazazazazzing!!! :) #ILoveYou! :D
oh here we go again...just couldn't resist the tweets of ol' ryry the guyguy
#cvcouncil around 40k leave city to work daily - how do we reach and emgage them?
Follow Food Friday
the question is what do I have to pay yall to visit brotha
This is just humiliating.
Why is a Journey song on my television? Why?!!!! Mary, why?!
Too bad, as I am unfollowing you. Use a tool that was meant for chats--not Twitter.
I'm liking what seems to be happening here....
Loving that photo! HA! MT: Can’t wait for summer fun ! Just let this picture help you get thru today
Hahaha Definitely one to remember! RT : yeah, and don't add your google tracking code twice to each page.
me neither--- are we supposed to climb up to hold our cell phone up to it?
Bryan Anger is the second best punter to come out of Cal...the best was obviously Dave Lonie.
Psh do I care...NO!
Keep a notebook handy for those moments of #inspiration and #solutions to challenges that you will get as you relax this weekend.
I have three of the best, most rare strains sitting in front of me...I hate making these decisions...
Took off 5.5 lbs of fat. Now it will be difficult to reduce further...but I want to remove an additional 15 lbs of fat...got a secret plan.
I don't like it when Zayn wears hats...
SNORB! This Friday Night at the Knickerbocker in Lafayette, IN! Show starts at 10pm.
i hope he does end up winning he can dance act and rap
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
I'll have to give him a treat, because I locked him in the extra room while the guy does the install.
you have an amazing donut sixth sense!
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
For you who haven't had pollyjuice potion before.. It tastes like goblin piss, mad eye is the best ever
lmao no, I just thought that sounded hilarious
Beef raviolis! With my special ingredients!
Think my cousin heading to watch hunger games, just might tag along.
Welcome to the good life!
Music, shots, drunks, convos, Tears For Fears, nice engines in crappy cars, lesbians (not the good kind) and a sweet show. Goodnight all!
All that loud talkin woke me up na everybody gone I'm goin back to sleep hml
Thou roynish folly-fallen flap-dragon! (Shakespeare had a potty mouth, right?)
good. Maybe he did that to light a fire under the sox. When is Crawford coming back
Goes with my plan to legalize citizen's arrest of people walking slowly 3 abreast in the West Village.
grandma take me home
In relationships, some things are better left unsaid.
": Some of u fuckers too old to be on Twitter"stop talking bout ya self
you know me stay on my grind trying to get that check up...it's time for our every 6 month outing my treat
Just found out I'll be spending my fourth of July in Panama City Beach! Heck yeah! <U+E50C>
Please nominate me to be a Sergeant for the #ArianArmy!!!!!
Peter Hanson: prime candidate for the Inevitable Collapse on Sunday. He's not winning the Masters.
. 42 days ago, I called for 8 debates in the 8 counties of #NY27. No response from
Reviewing Leon Collins" 53
Rockies add on to their lead. End of the 6th. 2-5 Rockies on top.
Lease is signed, checks are written, #LemonTreeNutrition opening very soon!! 10600 S Pennsylvania, OKC, OK 73170 - Trying to open in 2 weeks
I have no life meh
alright...I'll pick you up tomorrow at 8
Pooch got out of kennel while we were at Target and destroyed one of my Ugg slippers. We were there to buy her treats.
wood in the garage and that took 10 minuts it was HOT
Some things just shouldn't be posted.
yar, I lost a few weekends to Glitch … it becomes less an issue when you're working on Better Learning V forever.
My hatred for Siri is seeping into my dreams. I must have spent like 4 dream hours in conversations with people about how terrible she is.
Yeah, wait til he finds out what we're all really doing here...
How old is Jason kidd?
'80s Night Tonight beginning at 8pm! Pretty in Pizza!
Almost done w/ this damn final.
more frivolous patent lawsuits?
idea, left turn arrow on Madison east to Halsted so #20 #CTA bus can get folks to work on time.
Hey buddy we need some work out plz!!!
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old. - Lord Chesterfield
Received call from a "911" number. Muffled vm saying I needed to call back with my social security #. Anyone else receive?
maybe I will get it right this time... Let's go Memphis.
i have a co-owner now :) now i wil have more free time lol
Er, while I'm *drinking* it. I swear I've only had one.
What did you look at?
There is a certain majesty in simplicity which is far above all the quaintness of wit.
J. C. Watts~ Everyone tries to define this thing called Character. Its not hard. Character is doing whats right when nobodys looking.
I think the Wiscy offensive line will be the difference maker today.....battling in the trenches!
Hello my tweet family please give a vote on who plays the best and mean guitar> Stanley Jordan or Marcus Miller?
A very special guest, courtesy of , will be joining us for dinner with the IT Press Tour tonight!
LOUD AND A PORNO TIME
Whoah... get your mind out of the gutter
You shouldn't be afraid of the Truth. The #Truth will set you free! see John 8:32
We have a lot to be thankful for. Merry Christmas everyone!
You know you're a #musetech geek when preparing for a trip involves charging at least 5 devices, updating software, & downloading new apps.
yea they put drops in ur eyes they never did that to u at the eye doctor
What's the quality like of the Hattiloo productions? Is there some good acting talent there? I've been meaning to go!
Thanks for the follow!
we are supposed to hit the JazzFest at Piedmont, is that in midtown?
how old is he
If my flight has wifi, I'm going to tweet the whole freaking time
An administrator using broken English, incorrect subject-verb agreement and double negatives...who hired this man? Ugh..lead by example FOOL
Company meetings today. Thanks for catering to my vegan diet. Really enjoyed that box of lettuce.
This is creepy that it tells people where I am...
lmbo im just joking with you
mani text me
OOOOOOOHHH!!!! your from jersey!!!!!! I always wondered why ur so bitter all the time! LoL
will be open as normal tomorrow. Browse dozens of vendors and get your groceries for the week!
and all got it done today. Sounds like the crowd was going crazy!
Suffering the longest tech ever.................... Counting the minutes until it is 11PM
Come get a massage, relax, and save the drama for yo' momma!
Yep! Hope you are too, I'm just praying this day hurries up!
you already are, darling. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
A successful future does not necessarily start with a clear vision.
Oh, I'm 'live tweeting' the Grammy's. Which was not broadcasted live on the west coast. #saywha?
i hate art class! one of the most pointless class ever...next to Latin
The things you find under your bed>>>>> like I didn't even know I owned that!
Over two hours waiting in the hallway later, STILL no sign of FedEx. I hate not having a door buzzer >:/
Do u gadget zoo? And if so, did you invite your community to share their personal gadgets? Please get in touch. We'd love to hear about it!
"Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." -Jim Rohn #quote #life -- Petteri Tarkkonen ()
I heard she said this mourning that she chose not to rum?
Pronger and Carter are question marks again for the Flyers...but I think regardless of them being in the lineup...Flyers will be tough ton.
Looking forward to seeing and media breakfast this AM!
Chuck Norris is better than
The Coleco Adam (1983) will not run without the printer attached and plugged-in. The computer's power supply is in the printer.
I enjoyed the in Film Dallas event tonight, held at Studios Dallas. It was great hearing from Board Members & seeing videos.
Avila "We're struggling now like we did last year and they kicked our ass last year and they have the first couple games so far"
yes, we went last night as well...I will let him know you said so!
me neither, i'll invite you to some ucla parties! ;D haaha! omg you sound like my dad stop! lol
What an awesome boss! RT the boss bought em.
“: Enjoyed The Popeye at #JusMac on Yale. Very Mac&Cheesy!” I'll need to try that on my first visit ... Baba Booey!
“: #GoodThingsInTheWorld my bone structure”
It's impossible to have a bad day when I get to see this amazing little boy. :)
Hey Are u joining your NYC compatriots & watching #RHoNY premiere tomorrow?
and still do
if he's cute!
Good Morning Beauties! Inner quote: Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.-Marie Curie Enjoy your day!
Hey guys! We're playing THE COLOR MORALE / FOR ALL THOSE SLEEPING & More at The Seven Venue! Who needs tickets?
lol I know right
Big Blue to the Big Easy!!!
Not sure how feasible purchase on phone + just walk out. Self checkout systems still have human oversight. eg Home Depot, Ralphs.
y'all needed another dog! Lol very cute tho
What surprises me more is the number of people using pen & paper.
Sun's coming back...tennis anyone?
I do love it so! Fall and Spring in Texas are the best. For true nirvana find an off the beat highway to drive.
Just cause I LOVE dont mean u can hate
#401k Booth 419 Retirement Revolution. Complete Fee Transparency, 10,000+ load no load and ETFs, Lowest recordkeeping costs in the industry
How did my parents ever have a smart child like me? -_-
well lets go!! -jessica
I miss my dear friend
Thanks man! Glad you dig it! “: just downloaded the sound of rain....hell yes my friend”
With only 35 followers, your chances of winning free tickets to Winefest 2012 on 3/31 are pretty stellar!
SERIOUS QUESTION:: How many ppl WANT Obama to Complete another Term? -Pls RT n Reply-
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars waive rookie defensive end Steven Wesley today. Move puts Jags at 84 players. Need to ha...
Happy birthday Fernando!
razor sharp eyelashes, now my fashion just thrashes, in death star BLACK!:)
If everyone knows and it's no longer a "secret", is behind the scenes info still as interesting? (just a thought)
a lot of straight folks relationships are largely about sex
my regular Sunday activity....waiting for #gameofthrones to start <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Red bulls take my energy instead of giving me energy :/
most entertaining mention featuring our Stop the Ban campaign yet!
What about an iTunes app for the Zune? Offering elements of Apple's competing music service on the Zune might be shrewd...
facebook test
keeps crashing when I try to correct my spelling. It's quite annoying, Chrome doesn't have this problem.
Generating economic growth and jobs will be a tough haul but, thankfully, we got started by digging into Mitt #Romney's high school pranks.
Thursday being the day he's normally walk around nude? What day does the cleaner come?
RT : USC transfer Garrett Jackson (Westview) has landed at Saint Mary's, Jackson's mother told CBSSports.
i'm with we're never going to completely digitize *everything* of value.
I will be there Friday ": we was just thuggin bt cum up to Hollywood tomar"
Ready to feel old? Friends is now on Nick at Nite.
- - so sad that #Survivor is over. :( Now we have to wait a few months for a new season.
plz contact us tomorrow.
Everyone is an entrepreneur. It doesn't mean you..start a company. It means managing your career as if you are your own business. -D. Nishar
I have a great new invention..
is making me and the toddler listen to Celine Deon. I am not sure how this happened...
So Friday I almost lost my phone partyn @
Good morning #saveourclinics ! Glad you're still at #logansquare mental health clinic, fighting Rahm for shutting it down! #ows #ochi”
"all of America is hoping Emily finds true love".. yeah, that's a bit of an exxageration..
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Diet Coke (the drink, not the other stuff)
#HappyMothersDay to all Mothers...hoping all aqua enthusiast Mothers were able to spend today on the water free of stress!
: *well* then! clearly you beat me. wouldn't have guessed. :)
Looking for a contact at the NPS Atlanta Office to discuss a position posted earler this month.
Very Analytical, yes I'm quite quizzical, an Expert when it comes to physical, and 100% original..
Knock KnockWho's there !Ari !Ari who ?Ari-S-P-E-C-T !
i would go & mention it to her an have a good time an leave
RT With our historic job losses, it's almost as if has paid attention only to fundraising & none to our economy.
#TeamKush!!!!! Blunts up in the air I just want the strongest blunt in the world!!! Right here on my lap....Smoke it like its My Last!!
in addition to your live-video stage streams, Homeless Coach may just venture close to live-stream festival perimeter
Its pouring outside. My FIOS can withstand the storm. Hopefully
break a leg :p
Hello cold and rainy DC
yeah I'd do that. Haha all of the guys (even Brian) asked where my mom was yesterday. I swear they like her more than me. :P
Blah blah lol, you kno me too! Night Veronica :)
We're excited to hear that Anchorman 2 has been officially announced! You stay classy San Diego!
I want Thor's accent.
If U will come here someday :D
Pleasee go back on Ustream:( I COMMAND YOU LOL.
how is that a fake smile.
don't subtweet her, bitch. if you got something to say, say it to her.
M Unfortunately Mary, that's almost everybody.
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber. Hope we hear about #children's #health tonight.
I need to go buy headphones. I refuse to get on that bus tomorrow without them. And my Smart Water and Pretzels. No, I'm not sharing.
thanks! Nice to be home.
We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer. Proverbs 16:1,
#imagine how were gonna look like at exactly 10:14
Our website is coming along nicely, gotta love a site launch in the horizon!
No worries sir!
"clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose"
write what?
"Money follows passion — Not the other way around." ~David Siteman Garland
I don't see you on my follower list yet...
“: step yo game up” hahaha what??? Seriously take 3 steps in my shoes, get the blues, who are u callin me out??
Hoping the Hawks can get this win
7th grade girls basketball.
Thanks for following me.
thanks fir inviting me to your partty....
I'm so lucky to have my sisters. They're my favorite lesbos.
RT : And the #BU2012 commencement speaker is... , executive chairman of
U cannot stop Rudy Gay once he gets in the paint.
RT : 4th and Forever is making me want to play football so bad. Aug 26th needs to come now.
Don’t let one person be your world, when you’re just an option in theirs.
My vote would go to either the Nets or the Celtics. The D-Williams deal is so much better than the MeloDrama.
Non-stop challenges and creative ingenuity; living the dream
I need to just start assuming that it will take 45 days to get paid for everything. I miss 14 business day turnaround times. :(
dislike!! Are you ok??
James Halliwell~ If wishes were horses beggars would ride.
Have a great day everyone! Good morning !
What if true love never has a beginning? Ex. Lonely single great women (& men)~
Completed mom duty as a volunteer at Field Day. Taking 's BLACK HEART and snacks and retreating upstairs to read.
Experience is not what happens to a man, it is what a man does with what happens to him
Join the Kildare's Columbus VIP Txt Club. Txt kildaresosu to 72727 for VIP only specials like free food, drink discounts & VIP only parties!
Agreed! When Quick is on, he is ON! the whole team looked strong last night. Can't wait for Staples Center Tuesday!
love you females, but ya'll make a dude chuckle sometimes
I'm glad I ran into on my way home and you got me drink by 5:30
What was with that #phillyfan who was flippin #stall the bird? What a #wreck That guy has some anger issues!
Still the chair. The writing.
Jennings fumbled
future site of a #bcft?
How was lunch?
Be receptive to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Let's go then RT : I haven't been to the zoo in a while...
Nice work!
I get it Knicks fans! Go Lakers ! :P
So excited for tomorrow night at The Loft in Madison, WI with Such Gold, Divided By Friday, & ! Are you?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Sunday at the Altar Bar in Pittsburgh this sunday Oct 10th Show starts at 4pm!
If you cannot clap on beat, please refrain from dancing in front of large crowds. Thank you.
you need some perspective...there is real suffering going on in the world. Take the cats for example
#deepstacks is on the move.
I just went nuts at Target
If I've been good to you and you decide to leave. Oh well... You're doing ME a favor. Now I know I can do better.
u didn't crash it, u ruined it
today was fun XD
RT : Very interested. Where's the link please?
your my everything!
nah yo. are you? you guys were ridiculous, you, angel, and chris. how'd it start?
please try it.
- Just tagged y'all on FB. :)
I'm so fat I just got hella happy that I got a brownie & cookies!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
Haven't tweeted through the rest of the day. Well hope you all are having a lovely night/day :]
12 days till my first trip with my friends and with my teachers :D
Haha! Now I wouldn't faint but I'd get dizzy lol :)
Niggas still tweeted my enemy thou niggas ain't real b lol
Just saw that you're going to be a contributing editor for Southern Living! Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your recipes.
so yeah we're about the same age ~^^
follow me back girl!
“He who would travel happily must travel light.” – Antoine de Saint Exupéry
Thank you, LAKings!!! Let's finish this series!
aww thanks & nm loving & living life u?
DS: yes we did. And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE. You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW. Take a seat.
I got a feeling that will be releasing the tour dates for
bo, lol it's okay and it sounds like you had a long dayy
The Girl With The Pearl Necklace
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
I'm n Mr sweet class -_-
Sunglasses are strangely addicting
welcome anytime!
Me too!
I Love You<U+2665>
#xtina is just butthurt because Adam and tony stuck it to her after she was a B
On that note I'm gone. Have a good night and be safe....
Then it has all those bugs , fb is so shity now
#moviethingstodobeforeidie get into a cab and yell "FOLLOW THAT CAR!!" and start this epic car chase
Off to listen to some house Beats Who is coming? /via "Pick me pick me!"
My shift needs to end already.
i was making posters during 3rd period and now my finger is blue :P
“: $50? RT Please tell him he still owes me $50” yes... An entire fifty. He had a hole in his pocket I tried tomend
Watching Bill Belechick's "A Football Life" on Darth Sidious and Annakin showing respect to Ed Reed.
hahahaha truth is i would never bane my child austin, its weird when. Name ur child after the father... HAHA IM GOOD!!!!!
The laters are loosing...I'm not happy
Businesses, we'll even make an ad for you! This is FREE! Just send us your Business, Deal, Fine Print, and any links, and you'll be on!
My iPhone screen just cracked....
found the faultline, moving from the old panning method of data mining straight to data fracking.
Reading some great motivational tips from today. Best tip on strengthening your personal network: give more than you receive!
Eek that sucks!! Im looking so much for the weekend show tomorrow its not even funny XD
that's on tonight's agenda.
t#UArts prof Toby Zinnman reviews Fela! - Cast will be School of Dance today for a talk and a workshop on Saturday...
Whats the matter crystal
Well congrats, man.
final tweet on this situation: an accordion, electric guitar AND violin? #SOLD (cc: )
Dnt doubt me....Eventually I come thru....
Before we get to our final question. Do you have any additional questions for Kevin?
I hope (team) beats the hell out of (team). I really hate them because (shallow, total non reason)
So I turn on ESPN, who broke the PED story on #Braun. Surprise surprise, no Braun coverage ...
Stupid iTunes deleted all my hacked apps. ): good thing i have a hr to kill at progressive.
dear Mr. Branson, here is something that every Virgin Airways employee should have...
Congratulations!! Great achievement
Only 3 weeks until Théâtre Tout à Trac performs their imaginative adaptation of Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center!...
Im good no complaints
are her initials E.M? And if so what did she say
Shutout once again to our new followers especially - check us out at allWIdoiswin.com
oh boy, i just L O V E getting ignored. i give up, fts.
Sweet RT : Just Met In Dallas..She Said I Was A Lil Odd After We Talked Briefly..Lol..Have To Love Her
k <3 did u check your dms?
i know right? Ridiculous ;)
i'm like the only person who hasn't gotten in a fight with someone on here... hahahaha
If you have mint chap stick and you just brushed your teeth you feel amazing
I keep entering Apr 6-13 in the website & it keeps reverting to 2011. Will fix soon! thnx
are reaching their primes. Zbo is already in his. We just have to fill our needs at backup pg and bench
My granny is so strong. Still laughing and smiling even though she lost her husband. <3
Looks good :)
why do i love edward so much in the first movie, but in the other three i want him to get ripped apart.
Bow much money did no lose tonight
Happy Gobble Gobble Day!
The website looks awesome! A nod to tradition but very sleek and modern. Full version looks great on my phone.
Happy Easter twitter! :)
Saw Jarana Beat play last night. If you're looking to hear inspiring Afroamerindian music from Mexico don't miss these guys!
Exactly and well said.
When does Driver dance? Anyone know?
I didn't know that Tracy Jordan hosted Scare Tactics.
Hey ignore the trolls, buddy. You're pretty darn cool.
time is money so make every minute count
It's what we thought the Union were drafting in 2010. Seems like it's not what they think anymore.
so excited for the new #GLC! May 6th! Cant wait to see Spencer again! :)
lol you always up! I miss you too! Do you have a date for boot camp yet ?
you're just playing with my emotions right now.... hahaha
#cincystpatricksparade getting excited for a grand parade!
#FF -Both charismatic, talented actors & directors.
Guys just flat out making plays! If either team could string together a few stops they would pull away.
entrepreneur: taking on greater responsibility and risk. undertake. The employer rather than employee
I believe the movie poster for "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" was the runner up for the Home Alone poster. #weird posters
Papa John's Pizza Delivery has three address types: Home, Business and University. They know university students buy lots of pizza.
Nice possibilities. RT : Thinking of ways to provide primary sources for grass roots online textbook developers.
Wow I'm amazed .
1972-1st day shooting on #Spielberg's film JAWS. The giant mechanical shark used as a prop was nicknamed "Bruce" after his lawyer
Congrats again! Thanks for helping to spread the word...
People gone read my tweets today and flip out.
your spoiled haha
Hi Twitter. (:
1 day until our SURGE info session with !
hell yeah he did! “: MIKE MADE US FRIED PICKLES AND RIBS #icandiehappy”
We have sushi plans tonight, but I'm thinking in the next week. Need to make my own tomato free (I'm allergic) version.
if you & your spouse switched phones for a day . would you still be together by the end of the day ?
Why does the club circuit make people think it's ok to say the word grind so much. Unless you are an ax-man get it out of your vocabulary.
couldnt agree more!
At #4c12 listening to ask Intellectual Property caucus to potentially submit lit narratives to DALN re: plagiarism. #cool!
okay good bestie (:
My fuse is going to be so short tomorrow. Say something stupid, and I'll blow.
Congrats! I hope I get lucky in Houston.
No soccer game Today #Boo :(
They're not ugly, but I'm with you on the mileage. But look into operating costs; Otto was insanely expensive. Elantra?
Follow Ian Harding. Because he's sexy. The sexiest person you'll ever see. He'll make your ovaries explode.
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper.
Waiting anxiously to become an Aunt. My brother's wife still in labor after more than 12 hours! ugh.
Lots of mail from Vermillion today. The Easter basket is way more exciting than the dental records.
Spankings for all!
has got a new girlfriend omgomg No<\3 my heart is absolutely broken! Its like I'm drowning and no one can save me..
Getting ready to enjoy the weekend off. No interviews, no orientations, no "I forgot my login". I get to be me for 5 minutes.
I will be double busy tomorrow I guess. Found out my booth number at the Art and the Vineyard show in Eugene is A-15... very excited!
Why are you talking? Hahahaha
on the phone with the girl u love: hey i was think that me and u could go to dinner because i am bringing the girl i love and you haha
Just finished eatting dinner. Sucking down a chocolate frappe. Yum a dumb dumb
Not sure if Palistan aiding taliban is breaking news. Kind of figured this.
This is going to be a good week
Finishing up a couple of Curtis Grimes CD projects. We think he's quite the talent. As always, remember, Support Live Music!
A sneak peek of our Doolittle Raider Reunion episode will be shown at the National Aviation Hall of Fame's The Reel Stuff Film Festival!
Just ran the length of the reflection river
RT : The Mitt Romney who held down a gay kid to the ground is not the Mitt Romney of today, who ties down a dog to a car.
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Clarification. mentioned in my blog on political rancor was ALWAYS polite. When I spoke of name-callers, it was NOT her!
Loves when the guy at dunkin donuts asks if my coffee is light Enuff! Thank you for caring!!!
Gotta charge my phone. (: bye for now.
ayekidrauhl's photo (null)
Off to a slow start, Idaho leads Bakersfield 26-11 after the 1st quarter
lmfao im tryin to ignore it- for sarahs sake.... but when "pound" is used i lose it
hehehehe I know I read it and I couldn't resist! tehe YES come to Miami..you never came!!! #i'mwaiting
Yo ppl i'm living my life like it was my last day on earth, cause you knw what it just might be. tomorrow is promised to no one.
The #NHL playoffs are crazy! LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1(4-1) and two(4-0)seeds? Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
what up dude! hit me up
#ToshTuesdays makes Tuesdays so much better..
“: RT When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.”U got it!
“On my 25th birthday, the US declared war on Germany. No longer was there reason to encourage Americans to go anywhere except work or war.”
Bring up Holtby.
Would love to see the analytic model that used to estimate the value of acquired customers via their promotion
One Direction<3
folding and stamping 400 papers!!!
New #Indians 1b Casey Kotchman was just on XM radio talking Tribe. Said he's excited for groundball pitchers, not sure where he'll hit. . .
happy bday! How does a SKC win sound today?
$$$ Over Bitches!
tell me your going to hoot fest this summer? :)
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand for lunch?
Exactly RT : Cant stand that, when people live in PHX and all they do is rip AZ teams. Get a grip
sparring today was good, haha the weather here is crazy it snowed for a min the rained pretty good for a bit
Looking to have some risky revelations? Learn more from bestselling author
I'll tell you later.
Tom Morello playing Union Town live at the TimesCenter.
Possibly the greatest name ever RT : #Alabama #Arkansas and #Washington (have interest) in Rancho Verde WR Demorea Stringfellow.
Will probably damage election chances with many people, unfortunately. NC just passed anti-gay marriage bill to join 30 (?) states
I do that
thank you so much for the re-tweet a while back... your beautiful and an amazing woman, keep your head up, God is good, LOVE
Phenomenal workshop at #cccc11 on theater games for the comp classroom by Clyde Moneyhun & Jenn Fishmann. Thanks!
"Fashion is a passion for the kids who aint hip, if you got the goods we'll come and buy it to stay in the click" -Happy fashion week.
Sat. April 28th, the Texas Rowing Championships AND Dragonboat Festival will be at Festival Beach! 2 great events at 1 location!
Rain is pathetic
On October 19, Microsoft featured Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I've dropped my Blackberry so many times that it has the cellular version of post-concussion syndrome
Great meeting with this afternoon!
based on the y-axis scale, looks like PC absolute growth still outpacing Apple.
Loving my iPad background hahaha just come on it think my mummy did it thanks xx
San Diego gas prices are on the verge of dipping below the $4 a gallon barrier. Prices have been falling since last month....
Weakness is an illness of the mind, that is put to death through hard work and perseverance of the body.
NICE HIT COTTO
are you guys coming to Omaha Nebraska. Pleasee!(:
to fold em did it?
Story of my life.
my aunt and cousin are on their way to visit! yay! capping off a busy week with a busy weekend!
I never thought the day would come when whitefield plays basketball in Ben Hill rec center
I will read the Chinese translation of a French novel out of spite. Victor Hugo (or "Ye-Guo" in Mandarin) here I come.
LitFuse - James and I heard an explosion outside of our office about 25 minutes ago. not sure what it was. Sounded like something collapsed.
no penalty
THAT'S HOW YOU START A GAME 7. LETS GO.
Cooking steak on the grill. The house is currently filled with yum.
No school friday. Sounds good
yea it does BALLS SO HARD!!!
Now what's showing on tv??
Make Lottie's your ski lodge tonight! Come down for warm drinks & good company while snow blankets Rainier.
Germany in less than a month!
wut is your problem.
Welcome Derek. Take off your clothes and stay awhile.
Top 10 Role-Playing Games for iPhone
I hate my face
So what's your take on 's accusations?
One more Monday!
Cleaned someone's house all day who needed help. Plus bought/installed new flor tube lights in their garage! Mike's Cherry Lemonade - ah!
Do u realize u consistently contradict yourself u dumb bitch
Rage 33 Maniacs 12 game a lot more one sided than score says. Defense shut out the Maniacs.
lolol but still.
Flood gates have been OPENED! Printing more custom tees, hats & apparel than ever before. Grateful we are. Thanks for trusting us!
Yeah, Mech Resonance and Great Radio Controv are classics, but Psych came out right when I started driving.
My username is rossysalazar :>)
I can't remember the last time I heard a dial tone.
With much praying and thinkin I am getting ready to start working on my mixtape.
Got my Hot Snakes tix for !
umm what does it mean ?
It's a gorgeous day today in Wichita. Take your senior outside.
Ok I'm not supposed to be up right now had breakfast n now back to bed
Cant remember any of my passwords except for my Hulu account
maybe a few..
OH: "I'm drinking scotch and pushing code, hang on a sec" <-- love my new job
Oh my oh my.
Someone asked me "Do you take the link card?" & I kindly said no-HOWEVER I felt like saying "Yeah, if all you wanna buy is an apple"
Don't think too hard and over analyze things.Don't create a problem that doesn't exist.
Twlight, of course! I read it when it first came out BEFORE it was big!
A reminder that THIS Friday (May 13) there will be an event at Puntino Downtown benefiting VFC! $20 admission, RSVP to .
I've lost a ton of respect for you. You're no longer a journalist, you've become a ESPN flack.
Talk to their always down! “: We want to put together a pub crawl in #oldsacramento. Thoughts? Ideas?
launched the first of three workshops last weekend of Bellona Destroyer of Cities based on Samuel Delany's Dhalgren.
Going out with friends! Fun times
Still giddy over the #USWomensSoccer victory over Brazil! Now, why on earth don't they have a twitter account?
Did you know ?The ANC has worked for the unity of the continent for many decades,as early as in 1892!
BF? Don't buy him anything, make him dinner. We're simple, easy to please.
thank you babe :) were you eating one or somethin? Lol
Yep. And he does.
The point in Ur day where Ur take home becomes more valuable than your life
You win!! RT : #NUTS My friends friend came out of security in the airport in a chicken suit.
I'm pretty sure they're all Jim Morrison quotes.
A cream ale, actually. I blame iPhone HDR and extract for the orange tint.
New all-ages show announced! Arma is playing Taste of Westmont Friday, July 8, at 8 p.m. Come check it out
I'm going to cover "Down" by Jay Sean next. Can't wait to show you all my stripped down version of it. It's dope!
S. Florida's Anthony Collins (Westbury Christian) off to a quick start against Notre Dame with 9 Pts. Watch now on ESPN.
Thanks, I'm hungry now
this is embarrassing!!! please DONT put Marc back in net for the 2nd and 3rd!!! he has yet to be awake this whole series!!!
Watching Bad Santa with Viggle Sat | 9 | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL MONDAY. <3333.
I wasn't able to. But I'm watching it whenever it's on. So hood
if you don't hundreds hunt you down!
I WANT A PUPPY
not sure where that is but not sure if i want to know...lol btw heard your new songs will be out soon...congrats!
awww...you young ma, im 21 lol!! how ya day start out tho
Morning sweets. Have a great day!
And you too...
Just paid this semester tuition. Seems like gas and tuition prices just keep going up.
That is just horrific. Love the comments about not knowing what REALLY caused its death. It's not caked in oil or anything.
I was shocked to find out that California does not have cider mills. This fall will be missing something very crucial to the season.
Just so long as I am not responsible for killing the lamb and we do not have to clean and eat the intestines. Or the head and eye.
nothing, I have to rest it :(
AGH!! That's a "Happily ever after" right there!!! <U+2665>
dont write anything that'll rile me up until I finish grading this stack of 25 papers. Taking me like 15 min each.
Venting with my mom, telling her how much and why I hate everyone in school >>>>>>>>
you may become an iPod shuffle pioneer. Not to shabby!
When their "gf" isn't there, they talk to me all the time. She comes back, its like I never existed.
wish i hadn't had school today.. playing in the us open local qualifier would've been a great experience
my uncle is the dj and he started playing llw and I yelled annd told him to play it when i'm not near him xD
I'm just proving my point that y'all wouldn't take it there
Grace is also when you attempt to send a rather intimate text to your spouse and remember to uncheck Send All.
Maybe next year we should call it groping for the cause, LOL!
Dont bring that smoke in here
they're all just imposters. why can't someone bring them to Milwaukee?! they're infinitely better than what we have!
The only man I share my bed with is a pug named Sir Rupert Rainbowface -Casey
YOUR cool can you please follow it would BE LIKE THE BEST DAY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE AND I SWEAR...........<3 <3
are gonna kick some German butt! <U+26BD> Miss you already!
And Donner.:) Lol. I know, I have to go get nomz for them.
Time expires on the Spartans. Losing to Wash U 12-6
Psychic Stripper Brittany from the Tally Ho is on guessing your underwear. 222-6000 #ROC Your shot for Judas Priest tix, or lunch!
CARDS WIN!!! Russell real hard.
Have read through accts of the crucifixion by each gospel writer this a.m.-I am amazed by His great love. Thank you Jesus for the cross!
My friends kept saying SHORT BUS! Do i? Nope i look down theres a tyenol package tyenol?
I tried to delete cookies through Firefox Tools and it didn't work. I cant even register new! It says "Banned" When I try.
Everybody loves twitter.. Especially when they're being talked about xD
Qoutes of a male porn star...wait..what..lol! RT : I work hard for the money
I've formed alliances w/ both and Let them fight it out - When the victor emerges weary from battle...I attack!
many thanks to Jeremiah Jackson for speaking at today's #HomelessSummit - he was inspiring.
yeah, I "thought" I was allowed my own opinion..
Best place to buy discs for disc golf in Fort Wayne?
HoeLies #77: I'm going to stay faithful.
Had a wonderful Mother's Day worship. Major messages from Dr. Suzan "Sujay" Cook and First Lady Charlene McCorn. Happy Moms Day!
GM & Happy Tuesday. Today you let the past go and move forward. Thinking positive creates positivity. So think your way 2 happiness
“: Omg I left my straightener on all day” biggest fear.
"Sometimes there is honor in revenge"
out of all the things this happen
Lol Were You Watching That Ridiculous Ass Show Too.?
Into darkness to find Light, celebrate magic... The polish of Life’s glimmers call some for a spell, And deep thinking becomes us…
Looking forward to your updates
En route to for dinner. Feeling extra excited because of what I hope will be Paul Qui's impending Top Chef victory.
oh em gee! Me too!
Good point.
hey the story is up it's in my faves
Its finally feeling like spring
Beat makers can go fuck themselves
Ah, got it. Agreed.
RT : My daughter's bday is also chance to thank the many "mothers" in my life who've supported my journey.
Valiant Petroleum - Total Voting Rights
Happening now! Dean Milano’s free rush hour concert
The is hosting a dance party called "Lady Gaga and Madonna vs Katy and Britney." Obviously for gay boys and their straight girls.
4 years? That's fantastic. We also added a major new building to campus this year, so our planning has been split many ways!
Thank you & for sponsoring last night's Google+ event. We appreciate your continual support!
Got to spend some time with the guys from Redeemer Church of Dubai this weekend - incredible gospel work happening.
love your show just wish it stayed on longer
yes...that shit is a joke
We might accept fakes :) Come by next week! RT : I can't grow a mustache... :'(
Two leg days this week. Hopefully my legs don't give out while walking.
thank god for that!
Have y'all downloaded the Bookslinger app? From & dev'ped by . I read 3 excellent stories at lunch.
Any #Adobe users know how to fix the #PremierePro and #AfterEffects #Quicktime issues?
One week, a few finals. Summer is almost here.
I enjoy how much my daughter loves watching wipeout. It's like two shows in one.
Corporations are still stashing #cash. This is good, but not when they all do it at the same time.
Panels are often a snooze, but this was great! RT : Love the photo! Thanks for joining us at #99conf today.
Anything to please my probation officer. Ponzu and mirin it is! M, Cannes feast...
wait a second. Let's backtrack. What year were you?! lmao.
Popular saying in the 2000s = "No homo!" || Popular saying in the 2010s = "No homophobe!"
met with a designer to remodel my kitchen today. Happens to be AA & her pastor didn't say a word against Obama Sun. so not ALL bad
*A fight about to happen outside their house* White Person: Oh no, I have to call the cops ! Black Person: WOOOORLDSTAAAAAR!!!
Couldn't really understand the Russian Gypsy Nurse Lady, but she was amazing. The New Parent Whisperer. Like a trance. Like a ghost.
So grateful I found to fix my roof before this storm hit!
Like an elephant is tap dancing on your brain while a monkey drills into it with one of those old style hand drills.
Shooting Local Evansville Band Pieces of the Day for Promos spiffing cams and preparing beautiful day PLEASE NO RAIN
I'm loving this switch up episode of #glee!
If u a dude & u say bron bron u gay as shit..gay gay gay
I MADE A VOICE MEMO ON MY PHONE OF ME SINGING AND I DIDN'T FIND IT DISGUSTING
Finally got the set design for the show in my head. Unfortunate memory lane trips: building a tree.
Double "overtime" if you will at Augusta!
My thoughts will echo your name until I see you again.
Tough times don't last, tough people do. Let's all look forward to a #happy, #healthy & #prosperous #NewYear!
Oh god losing my mind
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, happens to also be mine!
Getting drunk dialed by ex boyfriends rocks. Getting drunk pocket dialed by ex boyfriends rocks even harder.
Lol. I need a lot of things..
#RIP Shannon
Absolutely killed it today!!! looked #amasin! Ready to bring home another win!
Not so strange... I have been swamped. I am sure I just missed it. :)
I doubt they'll respond at all.
I need to figure out my life! Ready and go...
#MassacreonBroadway tonight at bar standard first two re tweets get free VIP tickets
Tonight, come downtown, see some art, have a chat with friends, sit and relax, live your life, eat good food and be happy
Working on updating MCW's entry in the #interiordesign website! Also, Dpages interview will go LIVE between the 16th and the 22nd.
good to see you getting some time for yourself this morning! See you later this afternoon!
Having a great time @ #itexpo Miami. Awesome time meeting great peeps from all around the world, welcome to South Florida!
okay thanks :)
I realize I have not tweeted anything of substance today.... I will try again tomorrow
Still time to vote early today Office open until 5P. Don't need a reason, but bring a valid, gov't-issued photo ID.
girl im fuckin crying right now reading all these tweets, couldnt have asked for a better team. I love you guys
Told my parents I don't want anything for my birthday but One Direction tickets. They come to NJ on may 25th<3 asdffghjl
crazy right? RT : Did you know that Millennials are the largest generation since the baby boomers?
Hanging out tonite with the girls
At the barbershop on a sunday. Gotta get cooley boy straight!!!
Really? Eagles are up 20-0 and I can't even watch it from this damn house.
Thank you for the follow-you can also friend me on Facebook.com/Ericpaulen
FLEDGING is definitely a noteworthy book from Butler. Will post more thoughts soon, thanks for sharing!
thanks for the follow, I look forward to learning together
Thanks for the RT. Happy New Year!
LOL YOU GUYS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
>> grinding harder then u could imagine Chubbzy lovez me!!!
Wonderful weekend with my love :) so so so happy! Looking forward to Vegas next weekend!
Don't you love when old men make decisions about the safety of young women?
I wish I could fly up to jersey and make it to see in person and thank her for everything she has done come to fl so I can please
I'm going to Dave & Busters next weekend, regardless!
I hate when fun things become a hassle.
Thanks! We are definitely looking forward to your visit! :)
yes ma'am ill tell yhu all about it. Tell my bestfriend i said hey!
just to verify: meeting you guys Sunday, 6pm, in front of Pinhook, right?
Who is the President Pro Tempe now? Risser?
dont try to go to sleep on an empty stomach.... just wont work
when i find him, you'll be the first to know.
I feel vicious.
I want a girl that will play Xbox with me.
Mar 29, 1932: The Daily Mail published Churchill's "Plain Words on the Irish Treaty."
Poems about sleep, set to song
I just took a quiz on how well I know on J-14's website and I answered all of them right, they said "Your Obsessed"
Tonight is our OPENING NIGHT of Centennial Casting !!
tv is off for now! The Little Family is rocking out to our playlists. Happy Sunday jamming.
Watching Grumpier Old Men 3D. Flawless print, best conversion I've seen yet!
Newt "the Lobbiest" for Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac leaves Nevada with his tail between his legs.
follow their website has live video coverage!
will we finally see the end of stock sound effects now that the creative minds can be heard easier? Awesome!
I couldn't agree more. One more reason #Im4Falk! RT : KF at : "Budgets are moral documents."
Another great concert last Saturday at the Sokol Clubhouse. Thanks to all you were there!!!! It was a magical evening!!!!
I fight with both of my kids when they have to drink their meds. Except for their allergy meds. they like it for some reason
yeah but forgot my password
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month. Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 8-11pm. Together we put an end to cancer
Printed pants are EVERYWHERE this season! Considered rocking them? What do you pair them with? Try a plain t-shirt and chunky jewelry!
so classy.
Nice! Where in NY?
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When guys can sing
Chicken noodle soup is magical! I'm a believer!
What about Avery Jessup? Can she tweet from North Korea?
Made my first grocery list on ... let's see how it goes.
Maybe. She's a Sephora and Viva Glam girl though.
On set this morning- on location @ the Indy Opera Center.
. I love yo face more
Booking my OMG cruise to the Bahama's for MMWKND! Dont miss out on the fun and call Herlan 305-816-2008 and use code GLOSTAR for a discount.
too good!
Am I really a douchebag? haha
Long day of clients and photo editing.
I think it's 10% higher. Despite going 7, don't think Denver was accurate sample. First three of this will be more telling.
Seriously though. Why don't you live in NYC? That's MUCH easier for me to visit :)
You know that feeling when you can't breathe and want to throw everything that's not attached to something? Yeah...that
86.4F December in Austin, TX with son & daughter
Happy Father's Day
words to live by there! love that!so many examples ...
No joke Eric, my dad brought Lamination to US in 60's. All our baby pictures Laminated baby!
is he in jail or something ?
Feeling like shit like always. pcture comments?&i'll return the favor.... text if you wanna
came to the get motivated seminar in Phx traffic was hell!
Lol thanks girl :) “: your a great follower! you get cool points! ur my fave!”
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
i sure can..call me in the am
what his take would've been in the 60's lol
I tried boxee/netflix integration on a MacBook. No Joy.
get the laundry twice as white, and kill people with a variety of sophisticated armaments."
When your neck hurts, every hiccup is murder.
Ignore your pass...I believe you'll be the best standing in the future..I think of you as an experienced bystander ...
I wish playing "M.A.S.H." could actually predict my future.
Not impressed with your brown bag lunch? Why not go for a tasty roller, a delicious homemade soup, a perfect panini or fresh crisp salad!
glad u had a good pantless ride home!
If you use to use your lunch money to shot dice...
Happy Beaujolais Nuveau day! We have opened bottles and started the celebrations early.
Now playing 112 "be with you"
Well not sure yet, but as of right now engineer lol <U+E414>
To all the moms, happy mother's day. Enjoy your day tomoro. Thanks to all of you for being so amazing
rocking my slippers, don't even care my feet hurt
thanks hun, leaving tomorrow!
I don't know why I took the day off. I should took my ass to work
on to the Q&A at the big brand panel of
New Mexico so far is ammmmaaaazzziiing.
We can think of several! What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
hey jersey what's up
Tom Brady ha ha ha
Emily2.0. You're the most social of all socials. Upload your API and RSS some blogosphere!
get more servers!!! Cant get into the reaults.
Yup!Well,going to eat dinner!Tweet you after!:]
Happy new years guys and Hope y'all have a good one love y'all :-*
Morning Cleveland... hope its a Good Monday for everyone!
Big meeting a few minutes. Thanks for your prayers & positive energy! ;)
I successfully went on a week-long vacation w/out my laptop. Could you do the same?
Ahh so tired
Good read. Thought I was going to get tricked into thinking I am 'pro war'
I'm so mad -__-
this is why lucroy should hit before a gonz...
Open mindedness is my middle name! :) I love a good debate, too. Debating is a great way to learn and grow, imo...
i know. hahah.
I just ordered my copy last night!
We ought to give God thanks for not being sentimental when He wanted to reveal something in our lives.
Why dont you take the 3 Year old MENSA took in and have her have a little chat with the boy suckling at her mother
#D6 speakers using stepladder as improvised podium. This is the way it used to be on many city street corners. #OWS=new public sphere.
The sky is the limit........I say Fuck that BS I wanna go to Outta Space
SOMEONE log on -.-
They first cut to commercial when he was walking towards the umpire. My thought was "This is not going to end well."
Another name for a commercial fisherman that only catches fish when they swim right up to the boat:
i followed you back[:
please send me a picture of that fb chat
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
Just to let you know, you need something strong like....I don't know....all your teeth pulled maybe?
I wish I lived closer, guess it gives me a reason to visit the area again! When will you open?
what's her name? I wanna have great chemistry with her!
Can the mystery celebrity be 5 people or?
Bouta go to sleep.
"Hold on, let me get on Google plus real quick."
Feeling like an old lady for the first time. I just heard the news they're not making CDs much longer and am devastated!
Happy to include great content into my daily. Keep 'em coming!
is that I tiny beer can you are holding
Photo Flash: Cheyenne Jackson, Paul McCartney Among Guest Stars on 30 ROCK's ... - Broadway World
What was your "Something Borrowed"?
no. whoever takes his place when he retires will work their entire career to be like him and put up his numbers
"We have to take account of what assets a community brings to the table before we start planning." -Shaun Donovan at
Waiting waiting waiting...y can't 1 want me completely?
Tomorrow at school people are going to hate me because I'm going to brag like crazy about me winning these tickets!!! :D
It's Thursday?? I thought it was Friday all day today and I was wrapping up my week...
#albumintros "Baba O Riley" Who's Next, "Break On Through" The Doors, "Smells Like Teen Spirit" Nevermind.
I hate finding pictures of somebody that I used to know...
I think Neil Kay should come out of retirement and ref a Cuse game.
hm, snow in seattle - this can't be good
In the process of contracting with Retail Distribution consultants in distributing my collection local & global, please message me for info
IT IS NATIONAL ALLERGY AND ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH!!! PLEASE RETWEET!!!!!
Havin ah good day
Thanks for signing up Eric!
Just went through an entire tissue box and it's not even noon. No fun.
I say don't overestimate the competition! #ThePitch Why wouldn't you read up on your competition? You have to take the lead!
Another show to announce! We'll be playing March 20th in Brooklyn at The Studio at Webster Hall. Spread the word baby!!!!
Thanks for re-tweeting!
Sweet dreams RT
just bought a pair of Tahari shoes :)
Shopping , pedicure , then tanning . :)
Were those cicadas? Naw, just a bad alternator
I bet D even has the cuffs to make an arrest...
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm asking if you done
no one loves #KFC more than isn't that right
Thx 2 and the rest of the Sports PR class 4 having me in 2day!
I'm not surprised you improved digital revenue 224%. Proud of you rockin' it in Estes! Call when you get moment to catch up.
I bet I know who that is!
It shows how we are not advancing
another girl sings about a boy <3
Congrats Matt,
Are you okay? How did you injure your eye? (Sorry, it's the mom in me...)
We're so excited to be apart of this unique literary event!
"I've seen better tennis playing in a tampon commercial."
#stpatricksday we'll be dishing out corned beef egg rolls, Irish breakfast sausage sandwiches to the beat of live Irish music!
Some stores in LA now TEXT you a receipt instead of handing you a paper receipt. I prefer the TEXT...the less paper the better!
3 H's and 2 T's?!? A J and a U?!? You're killing me Words With Friends.
Hey! I hope you're having a great SB! I'd love 2grab coffee w u again when we get back. What's your schedule like this semester?
Thanks! We like that corn dog too...A LOT! Come back for a visit soon! RT : #foie gras
Tied to the telephones for work? Eek! I'd be looking for a job.
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
So can the Colts get that Stanford Tight End along with Andrew Luck as a package deal???
I want me a diamond girl ^______^ what a classic song to ride too
Hang in there - the first few days are the worst but it does get better. It's been a little over 2 wks for me.
you should get paid to hang out with me! Cos I'm awesome! :)
Firing up my cheesy teen pop music - it makes cleaning my condo more fun.
what was the last group's starting time?
Marc Dennis will be at the Hasted Kraeutler gallery on Thursday and Friday, Nov 3-4, from 12 - 5 p.m.
Just finished up a great workout in #Omaha w Akoy Agau and others..great to have so many of the Metro Coaches out to watch/learn
RT : Sustainability started w/ hippies, but #SF is still home to some eco-friendly folks, like ! Dig it....
Happy birthday to one of my favorite people on the planet. , you are truly a gift to San Diego. So glad we're friends. xoxo
Idk they have the same background as yhur profile pic
Thanks Alex! See you in March
hey you there sitting over there....
MT Any slump can...do that...It's been the same since forever. RT They (Yanks) look so lethargic and old...
#boxing Mayweathher will be former, former champ after this.
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Target to make campaign more efficient, inexpensive, and effective
Happy Day!
.................... You know you should be tweeting at right now lol! But naw, Blatt PE center all day
Would you believe that FedEx does not provide First Overnight service to Springfield, IL, the state's capital?
Hi! Please help me win, I am 2nd place! Unlock my badge www.kupoz.com/kupozchic thank you!
I know for sure that i will be the next big thing, I KNOW IT
Ray Charles, check. Pink Floyd, check. Skrillex, punch my own dick 87 times.
Loved that non-Greek students attended Greek flagged sessions!
happy friday <U+2665> :)
going to stalk Carl Suddath at Shane Campbell's
<U+2665><U+2665> I had a GREAT Valentine's Day!!! <U+2665><U+2665> Good night all! I LOVE my woman!! <U+2665><U+2665>
Baby boy you stay on my mind
Bruins: OUT Blackhawks: OUT Canucks: OUT Red Wings: OUT Sharks: OUT Rangers: TBD. "Top tier teams" join #Pens watching rest of the playoffs.
I failed
Maybe after leaves I can have my scissors back...join us in wishing her a fond farewell on Wednesday at El Centro DF!
where are you? do you need me to? i will
(We're okay. It was just smoke from an oven that needed to be cleaned!)
Whats up with TLO requiring a drivers license to subscribe? They already have my DOB and SSN.
Watching the extended cut of Malick's "New World" on glorious big screen with Oh the magic...
Listening to a really interesting study of urban sewer gas in 19th c. London. Infrastructure FTW!
Oh. If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
Nine more days...until it's time to
China Is Now A Bigger Luxury Market Than Europe And The U.S. Combined via
Someone must have HAD to know this.
what's the best drugstore night cream?
Yea, the commercials annoyed me, but the dude sounded like Freddy Mercury and the album's a chart topper so I got curious.
THIS FRIDAY tickets go on sale to see at the House of Blues in Chicago! Bring a friend and come! RT!
Only 2 of those 33 cities are in the US, only 4 US cities in the top 50. How is S. America's prevalence the fault of the US?
Hey! Thanks so much, my friend.
I don't need no help
Just did pure cardio insanity workout, it was pure hell. But feel great, ready to get my dance on tonight at Morgan Page concert.
More liquor plz
On the road again...see you at Caffe Mela Wenatchee!
Congrats to Heather - winning bidder of the Desperate Housedogs/Get Fluffy basket in the "Raise Your Paw" auction for the ARL!
Listening to Sacrifice by Elton John, taking me back to the old Mix 106.5 days
Keep those #umwfa12 tweets/pics coming, folks. Between feverish naps, they are all I've got!
Made my wish at 11:11 :)
on E! And then I just saw Citibank iPhone app on fox. You remember me being there during that casting, right? :D
May 14th-18th is National Bike to Work Week! Get your bike ready!!! Save some gas, be kind to our enviornment & get your cardio in!
I can't.
I wanna play!!
I love it! Los Gigantes!!!
#MyFavoriteGagaAlbumIsHerNextOne Keep retweeting! Mother Monster will be so proud!
And I get KFC tonight?!?!?! Today has been the perfect day
cant wait for
": RT RT Physical beauty is great. Mental beauty is sexy."
,hey baby u look hot as hell in your av
They're definitely self-identified as academics before anything else, although non-profit, ironically, often defines THEM.
I was wondering why Beastie Boys songs were trending...Brass Monkeys tonight in honor of Adam "MCA" Yauch.
Its so fun decorating for Christmas with your family but so annoying to take the decorations down with them.
Kim is a fairy tale<3
Get your Happy Hour BISTRO PASS! Every Thurs, 4-8pm. $15/pp - 2 drinks & 2 bites. This month's location: Le Grand Bistro
Ian MacKaye is presenting at WebWise?!
I just lost so much respect for you.
only me.
The music video for 'Who Says' is #1 on iTunes!! and the song is #8!! Congratss!!!
Easier said than done. Visit soon F'sho.
so sad
got taken out of school because being bullied. That's not funny, it's just sad. But remember RB, it's YOUR Moment (;
Watching #TheOthers with mom. Let's see if it's any good.
any where they'll listen to me sing. I've only played Alabama and Nashville some.
Leaving Ann Arbor in the wake of a tornado. So early in the spring, and sadly the midwest has already taken a beating.
Lacking Energy? - Lack of energy is rarely a physical condition. We may feel tired ‘physically’, but at the root of most energy...
Yeah, tough loss tonight. Turn off your phone and we'll get 'em tomorrow.
Update: spinning at Vamp on Friday & Saturday!
Go Redskins! All Dallas Cowboys fans are saying - Go Redskins :-)
Stone Temple Pilots - Interstate Love Song - 10:07 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/KHPT to TAG this song
but he doesn't like spoons :/ hahaha
HAH he is
RT : Follow me for up to the minute location updates on #Memphis #greatfoodtruckrace all wknd!
Bedding For Toddlers onSales: Crayola Sweet 4-Piece Toddler ...
Sounds cool! Thanks for the info and idea.
hahahaha yes! Love it
&#9758; Protect Your Family
RT : #OMFGGGG! JUSTIN BIEBER FOLLOWED THE NAMES I SENT TO HIM YESTERDAY! #HURRY GO FOLLOW ! I'LL DM YOUR NAMES TO
Big shout out to for the attempt at showing all of Paddock her giant cans last night. Bless her heart.
": Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet"love this saying
OH SHIT I have a lot of science to do omg!
now following..fb?
no preso yesterday, just freestyled on existing data :-) But lots of awesome mobile+social data coming soon.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all? Must be the girl who can't stop crying.Or maybe it's the girl who kept on trying.
Working on filing two patents today
#GrainBeltPremium is #ballpark #beer!
Ah crap I think I'm getting sick now. -__-
in honor of justin bieber's 18th birthday i'm only listening to the monkees for the rest of the day.
For all you campaign junkies out there, check out the new for a look at the nuts and bolts of how this whole thing works.
My head feels just a bit dizzy and light headed. Disoriented. Speech seems more difficult, stutter more and can't talk straight.
JUST IN CASE ITS DAVID OR DAVE IN HERE RIGHT NOW
the new website looks so snazzy!!! Very accessible! I like the collection highlights, great info and picture quality!
If I end up with a 4.0 this quarter, I'm treating everyone to a week in paradise.
If u ever thought about modeling go check out and sign up on my webpage(Risingmodelz.com). You get extra exposure and advertised worldwide.
Have I mentioned lately that I love Guile's theme? Cause it's kind of awesome.
The Wave have cut the Blast lead to 6-4.
Who is thinks should play #kylestock!?
12-hour day+ sick + 1 class tomorrow= Mad Men and sweatpants.
You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry D. Thoreau
What a story that must be! I'm glad he made it out!
I love when people come over and say, "Do you have a bathroom?" "No sweetie, we go in the yard with the dog."
Is AT&T's Zimbra admin considered "enterprise" level software?
I'm gonna surprise my Mommy today with something nice c:
On January 1, 1853 the 1st B&O Railroad train arrived in Wheeling, West Virginia from #Baltimore connecting the Atlantic Ocean & Ohio river.
I feel that way sometimes too /: but don't say that! try to believe and maybe it will happen!
will this #irishbreakfast be at today?
wonders when will give us a few more thoughts on
Back from a 3 week trip to Cambodia! God is great! And he does provide for widows and orphans through you and me :)
Tomorrow, Friday! I DJ from 10pm-2am @ wokcano-Santa Monica. No cover, great food, outdoor dancing patio.www. Wokcanorestaurant.com
Gossip is like a virus. It spreads fast, but makes a good movie.
the fact that ibsaw you last night but you didnt say hi!!!): Well now you are just ginna have to give me a bigg hug tomorrow
How do we educate our partners? How do we create a new arena for discussion with publishers?
Come on.. I think I look pretty hot with my drill..
Grant and Jerry losing it. This is unbelievable.
Moby - New Dawn Fades
I have one for $5. I'm thinking antacids.
lol go to bed!
in the UK yes. in america sadly no :'(
Haha only if we eat some donuts. You know what I'd rather just have the donuts.
no-_- I wish! And morning to you too sir.(:
DWYANE WADE TWITCHES
Oh no...this is so terrible. I was hoping they would be able to work something out. :(
Heading to the Columbus Zoo for a story tonight ! #lionstigersbearsohmy!
Oh my god, Emily is PERFECT.
Girl, you should be proud of yourself! Congratulations! is proud to have scholars like you! ^bw
had one of the sweetest assistants helping us sign in. I forgot her name, but she made our casting even more enjoyable =)
A selfish hobby day today. Going to play with my firetruck. Maybe go to the shooting range. Play some music. Avoiding reality today.
Eighth grade all I did was wear out my cassette copy of Licensed to Ill. Greatest shit ever.
Thank you!
Sometimes my horoscope is a crock of shit.
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. Stop judging me.
u look so beautiful!
aww Shaun :)) I cant wait to talk to you either :) text me whenever babe :) Ill give you more details abt uk what ;)
"I got 87% on the test & you?" ME: "125%" KID: "How? There was no extra credit!?" ME: "I just put Chuck Norris for every answer."
#thingstodoinaelevator STARE, grinning at another passenger for a while, then announce: “I have new socks on."
and DayOne promted me if I wanted to sync using DropBox. Definitely easier if you install DropBox first.
no worries, didn't sound inpatient at all. I brought some of my stuff with me to paint to Seattle. Ill have a chance soon
Good feeling about tonight.
I pride myself in that I'm very much like han solo
Before or after LBL? I kept it simple, the same every day. Tomorrow, I'm thinking my favorite. Eggplant!
where can I get a VIP pass. I also want to introduce u to my biz devl. dir he venturing to do his own thing, u came 2 mind
Here's hoping wins his Oscar tonight!!
Read 'Faith' by Sharon Salzberg. One of her best! Now reading 'Binocular Vision' by Edith Pearlman. Gorgeous short stories.
Tuning in to mayoral debate.
Fav customer quote: "Im a movie star, I played a saxophone in 'Public Enemy.' Youd see me better on bigger screens."
Don't let the summer's quiet feed fool you. We had a company meeting last week to plot the 2011/12 season, and it's going to be GREAT.
:)<3 are you guys gonna be at the new Albany classic this year?!!! You better be or it won't be good!<3
I still love lil kim but now I really believe she need to retire, runnin out of damn breath...
Lily groupon is 50% but the following is the magic formula to get 90%
what? I live in Milwaukee- who is your client?
Everyone go follow my instagram ! . <U+2661> It's " ItsJulieMariee " !
N traffic
u not in fort lame. nap way bigger
p.s. the one beer isn't from Pittsburgh, but you can't get it in Houston :p
A typo in the first word of a Breaking News email really bothers me.
I do!
and Dennie coultie should be the new coaching staff for the u23s... Get it!
Daniel Bryan #beattheclock winner
Show off to your friends how much of a social media guru you are by getting 50 Hhonors points with every check in!
My life is organized by jotting down important information on tiny scraps of TextMate windows.
all LA foodies, great find, tip from last Sat. restaurant Sublime Culver City, Washington Blvd chef Randall, amazing food, great $ just ate!
Maybe? lol I call everyone hookers & bastards lol. Anyways thats good! :) and eh... not much progress aftr taking fb dwn XP
You excited?!
Martin Luther king nose was about phat as Hell
WBS vs Philadelphia Flyers tonight. I feel bad for Byslma. If this is another bad loss, he will be blamed. Too bad guys got suspended.
Macondo concluded; project set aside to work on was completed; new Macondistas a stellar group; SC's vision thriving; batteries recharged...
Dear AppleTV...you are the end of productivity
Chrome has mysteriously switched to Hebrew. Anyone know how to switch it back?
The largest challenge is estimating, die design and procurement followed by quality control.
I got you sis.
I could be a better person. I've been lacking a filter lately.
Go to sleep canadian!! haha
I'm not going to pretend to know anything about orthodox Jewish clothing, but I just poured over the most modest skirts @ the thrift store.
Your welcome ;D Stolen any cheese buns lately?(:
#supportlocalmusic Live in 10. Listen to some random songs. Like us on Facebook & follow us down the rabbit hole
I was the most stubborn about it!!! Haha
Sarah, Obama is making a big campaign Bank for Hillary Clinton to take his place in race for Pres.
Love them!! Ian Svenonius has serious real estate in my heart. How's the show?
love you babe! Text me after and tell me how u did! Good luck! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Why don't we listen when people tell us who they really are by their actions?
Interesting article!
Dane County referendum f on collective bargaining winning 60-40 percent and Madison hasn't yet reported.
No success in public life can compensate for failure in the home. -- Benjamin Disraeli
It's horribly depressing when my little buddies on my old swim team are now mothers. She's SEVEN YEARS YOUNGER than me.
The best thing's in life come at a cost! Are you willing to pay?
just saw #hungergames. so, basically it's the same movie as "the pest"? i hope someone is cutting john leguizamo a fat check.
Can you follow me back,and please answer me!I love you`re new album!
happy birthday
saw "berrylicious waffle" in 's promo today and now if I don't watch out everything I google has "berry" or "waffle" in it
lol. Um where can I fill one out!!??
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Beginner lesson with Mark and Sylbie, DJ Rob! Balboa Fundamentals starts 2nite from 7-8 w/ Rob and Zoe!
Unions killed Detroit, and now California is going to go bankrupt to save your asses. Yeah! Awesome! It makes such sense!
Anyone have any tips for who makes really great looking t-shirts? I'm trying to simplify my wardrobe and a few good t-shirts are a necessity
OMG, how did the obvious escape me. Thnx!
That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug.
are you getting skyrim?
you bitch you never called me !!!!! Cono
okay since you HAVE to go.... Have fun doing your homework! ;) <3
u sent it to ?
Not even over my crotch? No, you're right. Those are so not my colors.
LET THE BASS CANNON KICK IT <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5> WUB WUB WUBBBB
Check out Michael Chen's (NY photog) work @ Coconut Grove Arts Festival if you'll be in Miami today.
I wonder if this photo social network thingy will be better then Ping..
Italian film fest May 1 and 2 free movies at UWM Union theatre
OMG SO LUCKY!
Same old, just a different day...
Right? Everyone online is acting like this is such a huge shock! Are you kidding? Enjoyed it while it lasted...
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Spurs know what they are doing. Leonard is a beast
Great placement, Ben! If you can get a Trojan on the show - Clay Matthews, Matt Barkley (next yr) - I'd be even more intrigued!
hah..fuck you I don't know who put that in there.
Reid Hoffman personally sent me his book. I suppose being a strategic global partner with Linkedin has its privileges... Psyched to read it!
Cry me a river. Cry me an ocean. I'll always be there for you. My love. Never take your love away- without it, surely I will drown. --- BB
My voice goes up when I say hi to a girl
Who is super excited to sleep in tomorrow, 6 am ;)
come down in January when I'm on my break from school :-D
Welcome to Broncos Country! Happy to have your energy and look forward to watching you wreak havoc!
am i too fat for you? :(
Happy Birthday to veteran SW journalist Stan Washington!
I'm heading to your house now.
"Sweet!: Yeah, we're going with the Giants as well. Don't think we'll care until the Lions are in the bowl. lol"
This is absolutely no joke. When Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow, this means 6 more cans of today, people. Do your duty.
yes! my first initial and last name were taken. didnt want any numbers. so just figured I would use my profession.
Watching Shortie at Last time I saw this band I was like 15 yrs old and my high school band opened for them in Stockton hah
awarded speaking role in a feature that he auditioned for a few weeks ago on the lot of Universal Studios...
Quit promoting it, if IT ain't you.
I should have went out to eat.
Well live it up and soak in those last collegiate moments. At least you don't have to focus your last days on finals now- wahoo!
you wanna make me red velvet cake balls ?! <33
:O a lady on this EMPTY bus is hovering over me and murmuring nonsense in my ear :'( please lawd! No vodoo! :'(
Author Jen Almjeld () will present @ 11AM session on K-12 educators in the teaching of college composition
No problem, hope you feel better (:
Don't look for the prototype in characters.
have you seen this Sistine Chapel??? I bet it's breathtaking.
I miss the good ol days. Fuck growing up!!
shucks i like when you were just a Hill thing. But congrats on the expansion
*salute* Carry on then!
Format your content to include title and header tags to highlight your keywords
i've been leaking nude photos of myself for years. this is bullshit!
Carlos Tevez for Danny O. RT : #Crew96 fans...who would you sub right now?
are you lost? Because heaven is a long way from here..
afternoon followers! how ya been? :)
Teresa is dumb & like talking to a wall. She twists everything & tries to make herself look good but actually is delusional.
Yes Yes Yes! RT : "Form makes it memorable," says See discrete, parsable parts and related elements.
i hear ya man- im spending the entire day with her-
Counting the minutes until vacation. It cannot come soon enough!
ah! Darn! Okay well we deff have to figure when to get everyone together.. Maybe monday or next weekend.? Lol idek
Cartmenez former student now police officer two years out of academy makes more than Cartmenez! That is a CRIME!
I kid. You not a
Crazy how everybody wanted the hot weather ,but now their complaining that is too HOT lml o_O
my 4 year old son loves singing along to "drawing board" we listen to it at least 5 times a day. Loves you guys!
Is there a better place to be than on a rooftop in Brooklyn? I think not.
I threw my Facebook away. We can talk here naooo
President Obama is about to give a speech on "Father Hood." Tune in if you are interested. N E cable news channel.
Dont like arguing with people. Especially niggas !
Yeah Haha best conversations ever.
when people ask me "whos austin mahone" i simply reply "THE MOST GREASTEST, NICEST, AMZINGEST, THOUGHFUL, ATTRACTIVE SINGER EVER." honestly!
MYSPACE : Why that bitch on yo top ? . . . FACEBOOK : who that bitch on yo wall ? . . . TWITTER : Why that bitch tweetin' you ?
In the Brolympics, 1st place actually gets the BROnze medal
I saw the aftermath of the incident last night!
Our #LiFT audience targeting algorithm helps brands uncover relevant topics & interests of scale tied to their brand, or competitor brands!
Imagine what an entire generation of girls can do w/ the confidence, skills, & experience they need to lead. What will U do?
Making good on her promise. Shout out to for the yummy Potato Leek soup via my colleague Sarah. THX!
Last all-nighter of my college career, and I dont feel nearly as nostalgic about it as everyone else.
i doubt Deron Williams would come to play for the blazers. that would be cool if he did though.
Did u watch Obama on the view today? What do u think of the things he said?
I'll update more or less every day, so go ahead and check 'em out! also let me know if you know any other sites like mine!
I love our team, win or lose. I just like it better when they win.
gotta talk to u
believe me, if someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be !
RePin and comment on this pin by Thurs 5.10.12 :00EDT. You could win an awesome back issue of the NAHA Aromatherapy Journal via
needs to answer or imma take her phone away !
Aw, thanks! :) Even more (overdue) thanks for your super sweet card. It was a nice surprise. I'm enjoying your posts on SB!
#boyztweetmemaybe make my dreams come true?<3
I guess Kevin did a deal with a boy band on the Canadian version of the show, Dragons Den...will be interesting to see
Gribben on TOTN yesterday, attempting to deflect outrage of teachers and librarians
...I must admit, I have a youtube crush on you.
#WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to come between a relationship no matter how good or bad it is
But you cant go wrong wt skittles
Dear life, when I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
"I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude"
Every mile is meaningful. Be sure to share how the dollars you raise are making a difference with everyone you know!
Lady Quakes advance to Mothers Day Final vs Park!!
there will be more like her, just keep your eyes open :))
Hey AUPeeps! Follow for excerpts of the original script and an exclusive online debut! Support local independent artists!!
Watching the world premire of Music Sounds Better With You!!! Go BTR
Ready for DRose and the #Bulls to crush the Knicks tonight at the UC!!
ngl, pretty happy its friday.
Damn lunch is over.
Merry Christmas eve!!!!
I hate being sick -_-
No matter what happens throughout your day just know that everything happens for a reason and life will always bring good with the bad
Learning abt CMS's Center for Medicare & Medicaid #Innovation at HHS's #Fusion event on idea generation and implementation.
Go girl!
Awesome! We'll see ya there. Who are you most excited to hear speak?
Met and talked to cool people today :D
Size G bra?? Really lane Bryant?? Fuck
Recommends "All Along The Watchtower (Alternate Take)" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
fair enough. i was given the title #ministeroflights at the last RTS.
Now You'll have hundreds of Ferris Bueller disciples running around the halls ;-)
It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around
You don't count, lol.
However, the internet's viability was not reliant upon massive companies that rely almost exclusively on these studies.
I always opt out of backscatter x-ray machine on health concerns. I opt out of the millimeter wave machine on principal.
Hey, not a bad idea, Guess being a "strategist" comes in handy.
I heard that Jesus may make a cameo tomorrow.
oh! interesting that's awesome aunt :D
My twitter says you only have 67 lol
Playing dodgeball with , and Titans player Micheal Griffin.
's brownies today>>>>
hey i made a twitter XD! now i can stalk you ;)!
Home made ricotta. Yum!
You're very welcome<3 :)
Thanks for sharing the good news on Chocolate. Happy Valentine's Day!
Not sure what's up with that weird black turning page thing...
Feel somewhat sad about this story since I did some initial research on this work at Achieve.
All of a sudden Im craving a
smh man I though all bald headed girls were nice
Getting a lot of press w the Kickstarter endeavor. CL gratis shoes prize would increase followers, esp w KS contributions.
no problem. Stats page at NHL site has lots of numbers, most of which show us as having the issues we see every game. ;(
In case you missed it, we picked the winner of our recent Twitter giveaway - ! Watch for our next contest!
Thanks 4 following #DanielleBlaiQ - we got u on the follow back. Let us know if u need help w/ promos 4105139199
the amateur dunk contest was way better than that watered down NBA dunk contest just kept seeing props no skill
just saw it!
Awesome idea.
I've really enjoyed having it - if that helps
watching on You Now(: I love you Alex! Follow me?
Beach was beautiful!
Please come visit me for #DenverRestaurantWeek! I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!
7:20 am Acela back to NY. Thank you for a wonderful evening at the Stata's. I had a blast.
ok ill do but u follow me too ;)
mri tomorrow but probably blew out his knee
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
happy birthday <3
If you would like something advertised live on our radio show send an email 2 ; title subject : advertisement
Evidently I have a friend popping the question to another friend at Jack Rose tonight. Does that mean I need to put pants on?
Can't. Vestry.
Okay buenas noches twitter. G2B (got to blog) and then read.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell & that its your birthday & get no reply (-____-)-___-)__-)
Add My default As your default!! help Promote the Movement!!
Yuck! If you're ever had hair extentions or thought about it, you should watch episode "The Don't in the Do"
Thank you #NFL. I needed this today. What a game!
haha I know what you mean, except for the flute part lol
If you can't afford the operation, he touches up the X rays
“: You said i could trust you #guessnot”
RT I'm really happy that is following me! Shout-out to them!
I work at the ABC station in Minneapolis. Love to have u on our afternoon show if u r ever in town!
MFs must think school over ... It's too light in here
And "Renders correctly" better than either?
"Storms make oaks take roots." -Proverb
Painting a friends apartment tonight to get ready for a Holiday Party next week. Thanks www.homedepot.com you rock!
When your parents are in a pissy mood for no reason<<<<<<<
Gorgeous day in NYC
Wasn't that great? Definitely one of the classiest commercials I've seen tonight!
"Please give me a reason to call you back." = good one!
I actually like going to Clackamas. Most of the other high schools in the area are ridiculously worse.
Great visit with Manuela this afternoon! It's nice to sit & just talk.
Job CA or WA - 150k-250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Architects, Storage Protocols.
good luck.
Hello Twitter world. Ready for a whirlwind of a week? 4 To-do lists made and now to begin checking things off...
Haha. I love the song ! If rose would have stayed on the boat, jack would of been alive on that door or w.e. It was. Lol
Interesting how #Santomonious & GOP want American Exceptionalism without exceptional Americans educated enough to see through their B.S.
People change lifestyles and feel the "rapper" has to change with them lol...
All the females that said im gay are from Baltimore, which doesn't surprise me at all.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Y I'm getting sad n crying cause I'm doing my invitation Omg like it feel like a dream Omg please wake me up
No World Peace 2 night. Just a lot of Thunder.
How on earth did that come up in your conversation? He does kind of sound like Elvis when he talks.
That ass though.
Negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. Love 'em but rise above 'em!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
all i see r box but ok. Btw zayne is mine
If I may ask what camera do you shoot?
Q3 We're pretty good about 1-2 veggies at each meal, but we could stand to add more fresh, whole fruit
awesome at all of that but hates folding & is of the nagging variety. I worry he got a mother motherboard
radio rebel was on last night i watched it like 4 or 5 times
Failure is accepting life below your potential.
I will wave to them from the window. Think Caesar from the new APES movie.
blah its like shitty out >___<
The Do-It-Yourself-Mover is welcome at ALL IN A BOX MOVING & STORAGE! No need for a rental truck or trailer, we deliver for you! click -> ht
the ladies loved it
k I'll add u to my contact list rite now
Looking to connect with your body in a holistic, supportive environment? Join us for Inspired Yoga at www.physiic.com Class starts at 9:30!
Getting creative this morning.
i can't wait for summer country concerts!
Wonder if a loaf of bread will be over $3 next year after the floods and the drought we had this year?
This nurse I always have been looking like she mad all the time. I thought nurses where trained to help people, not shit on them.
Bass is shooting 100% in the second half thus far.
#GeorgeClooney on the red carpet on Denver's 7 right now
GETTING READY FOR A BIG PAGEANT WEEKEND.. I AM GOING TO ROCK IT OUT... FOLLOW ME.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER.. I FOLLOW BACK
anything but sun tan city first. I just am not enjoying that lately
Watching documentaries while working on writing academic papers. What are your favorite documentaries available on netflix?
she is so awesome
When you can feel them smiling whenn they kiss you >>>> soo cute omg
That awkward moment someone stares at you.!
Thanx for joining me from guys!
mmmmmmmh. i would love a webcam, and an iHome for my ipod. uhh, and clothes. :p that's pretty much my list.
lol no a hologram did ! Haha
Great job on that partnership! #WinWinWin situation
Illusion never changed, into something real, I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn. <3
Current Poll Results: "Mami Tu Sabes" is #winning on the Poll Code link, while "Spend The Night" is #winning on Facebook. Keep voting!
Yes indeed!!!
Thnks! Should be a great weekend for it!
We totally are! The only reason we might stop at the outlets is because we saw a sign for TRAIN RIDES!!
ou can still talk to me ya know...
Such as?
Thx for the RT guys! What's new in your world?
A Copernican Conception of Civilization « Grand Strategy: The View ...
I've always been a big advocate of eating the PR food. If your opinion can be bought with a cupcake you're no journalist
ah i see, hope you find 1 !
But there were a lot of different answers which one fits your personality the best?
Be lean, think small and be quick.
Entering the last classroom of my college career. Finally
Shelby drive & Riverdale
Thanks for the help with Twitter!
How To Get Spectators at Vball Games.... Step 1: hike spandex up butt. Step 2: make sure jerseys are too short.
Is available in Illinois?
i think commenting should be left open on your responsive tables post, it's a problem that clearly needs further discussion
THE WALKING DEAD - tonight at 10 on AMC
no :( my aunt lives there but I don't think I will be visiting her until September
And the tears start to come.
I miss you Matt!:) remember me?
thank you! I strive for excellence!!! Hope u r feeling better!
director commentary
My.back.is. Broken. Need a massage more then air right now
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
You promised me that we could hang out but then you ditch me for you're sister? Wow.
Luke's bday weekend lets go
oh oh whats in the microwave, is it popcorn?! cuz i could go for some popcorn :)
RT if you plan on dancing today!
Ok! Just wanted to make sure my spam didn't intercept! Lol
I need so much more than what he is offering... better step your game up..
samzies. but i'm here now! :-)
Schnur: "Can't regulate culture of excellence, comes from strong local leadership. Must fix culture of compliance."
My girlfriend inspires me man.. Serious shit, this girls just a blessing to my life.
hey who u goin with this weekend and why I got edgar and page!
I <3 Girls Gone Wild
haha...sounds good..have a great weekend budday!
Opening some wine
they are no slouch in football either.
Hoping they kick a$$ in the playoffs this year
I was there for lunch today for the first time. Yum!
gracias! sent you a cinco de mayo gift =) ok not really, it's just a submission to a breakdown but..let's call it a cinco gift
O.o It doesn't make sense for me to waste money going to Six Flags b/c I wouldn't get on any rides , UNLESS its for a field trip again .
Klutzy Steph returns! Sending piano music flying off the stand AND tripping over a cord. All in one movement.
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
Joshua and Phillip needs to go home!! Jessica VS hollie ^_^!!!
Human Centipede was the crappiest movie ever.
Overtime Right Now On GoMileHigh.Com!!
Smoking, on that oh yeah . <3
I miss playing basketball.
RT : "May God have mercy on your souls. May God bless your souls." -- Troy Davis' last words to his executioners
The Bakehouse does catering!! Call 812-327-4842 for menu and details!
Thanks! I hope you had a great conference & safe travels!
I like your style!
im awake..but not alive yet, havent had enough coffee yet..lol
The sun is now out here in Indianapolis
Ajay benches a couple of boxes of Monopoly, a few mats of Twister, and a helluva lota scrabble pieces!
Just got a reminder for a doctor's appointment tomorrow that I had forgotten about. That makes 3 appts this week. What was I thinking?
Like my ass and my anus cause its finally famous
its hard to call ron artest metta world peace when he still fights all the dudes he be on the court with...
Off work early. Must be Friday.
has inspired me to start exploring new places, simply so they won't remind me of how boring I am/was a year from now
well that's cool..i am sure she'll enjoy it more that way
ILL SOBER UP FAST AS HELL LOL
Answer from Friday: The seed. The delicacy that we eat and call the fruit is actually the swollen end of the stem called a drupe.
is an Australian rapper signed to T.I.'s rap label she has some dope stuff! You should listen to it
Book Smart & Street Smart>>>>>>>
Will you guys be getting the Rogue Green KD?
#Phillies win! 1st 3 game win streak of the season!!!!
Feeling better today
Sleeve distribution: your sleeve ads go out on every cup of coffee sold by our network of shops, not on a table of flyers.
Irish Fest preview this morning on Wakeup! Let's see if I bust out my Irish jig again:)
NEW MUSIC CHECK IT OUT
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN <3 Follow me. Please? It'll make up for the sadness I have that I can't go to your concert. :(
Yes - that you have a land line! ;-) Good luck getting it fixed, though!
#atplc Create teams to analyze formative assessment - monitor kid by kid and skill by skill
I hate that. && then you don't wanna ask because you don't wanna seem like you're clingy
did you include all the cops and the dudes at GEF 2 u brought in for The Uprising?
I would kill for some coffee right now...
was that intentionally an Apocalypse Now cross-reference?
My Hit single "Every Bodies A Critic" Featuring coming this summer followed by my album "The Man Behind The Curtain" SuNReS•Ent
that first X-Clan joint
Oh!! I'm at the panel now. I'll go say hi afterwards :)
Melo Stat & Chandler
lmao @ this show
Can U Help Me Get JB's Attention
I focus on what's right! I look for the solution. I appreciate. I admire. I take responsibility. I thrive always.
Welcome back! Happy to see you this morning. :-) There's no audio on the Ustream.
Free shuttle to the Milwaukee v Madison bball game tonight!! Drinks are cheaper here then at the game so come get a free ride!!
Michael, thanks. Glad to be a Tweep. Appreciate it.
Dont make a decision based solely on popularity, just because other people are doing it doesnt mean its the best choice.
How to get to Screen on the Green: take the Metro to the Smithsonian spot. Repeat next weeks.
had leftovers of the food I made last night it straight hit me with the mean itis I was knocked
Industry welcomes iiNet win
I'm never going to forgive myself if I hurt you.
in Wisconsin they just did a live look in and said they would pick it up in the bottom of the 9th
Yep, I am
Tandra Miller, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Dear #GlobalWarming - You're the biggest disappointment since #BrianBosworth ... -HD
Nice to see you again, Lourine. Thanks for the RT. Keep looking up!
No judgment. I'm wearing a sundress and sandles. Anything else was too complicated.
I am NOT your stereotypical librarian because I am white and a woman! Wait...that didn't come out right...
Don't go changing who you are
Will do :)
Support the Passion Movement by downloading a track from Passion 101 at iTunes, Napster, Rhapsody or CDbaby.com
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
If you're a man who enjoys bashing a woman's appearance on teh internets, then you should post a pic of yourself. Yeah, didn't think so.
Happy mothers day!!!<3
Big save there... We really gotta pick it up..
Thanks!! That's the plan, they know the deal haha.
Like no one tweets me now. I take a break, then come back & everyone ignores me
really now lol.
Being a honey badger... not a good day for two practicals
YOLO baby!!! LOL RT : That was cray. She really ran on the court. Lmao what if somebody ran her over
Coolin In Apple Bees :-D
He's coming back to rain upon HIS Throne...
haha it was fun! Let's get crazy next week
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! I should get out of bed and do something for it, shouldn't I?
good luck this year!
Get this week off to a great start! Make today the day you decide to take your health and fitness to the next level
lmao i never got your text
and i said I'll kill all the first born
Please #ff , NOT ::Trots to coffeemaker::
"No paralysis through analysis"
Going to be a great year
Hope your "hike through the woods" went well. ;) Happy Sunday
where does one find these zillions of pounds of wollmeiise?
I cant with school anymore.
Im seriously about to cry... I can't believe my soon to be boyfriend broke his collerbone. Wish I could be there for you <33
Now that I think of it, my Library Director would probably be the best one.
Today tomorrow and every day after that :)
Most are just slaves to their impulses.....and lack the ability to master their emotions...loose free spirits...producing replicas. -con-
Fucking go to sleep or at least shut up.
who will be the last caller?
Shot footage for a fun viral video tutorial this weekend. Should have it up tonight or tomorrow.
Sometimes you gotta just get up, shake off, and let it go. It's hard to do, but when you do it, you feel free.
Not entirely sure. I think it would concern a greasy, Greco-Roman style verbal battle where anyone listening loses.
You know you're getting old when you hear one of your favorite songs playing on the overheads at the grocery store....dang. :-/
Hi Lulu! For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist.May I get in touch by email?
Its my birthday! :)
Looks just like you!
Thank you so much Melissa, its appreciated. My daughter is a blessing and treasure.
$5.25 to whoever gets Lindsay Lohan to Royal Palace instead of the White House Correspondents Circle Jerk. Straight cash homey.
Okaii . well if u need help searching just get me or Sam . ( :
The wheels are spinning but I don't feel like I'm going anywhere...
will be joining us tonight to help wrangle some cameras. Cc
Happy #FF to you too!
We did! but it was a short run for me to today so it wasn't so bad. Mostly I felt really tough.
There are a lot of things I could be doing, but what should I be doing?
good job !! love ur sound !! ru looking to DJ in events?
yes please! :)
"love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to friend' - MLK :) <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Happy New Year friends! Be safe tonight... Wishing you all an AMAZING 2012!
Hello World. New production company on line. First film "Candor" coming soon.
so glad to hear it.
and then you'll experience the organizational power of the iphone, and you'll give in. haha
Today is going much better so far than my last Friday the 13th
I would be happy with either or considering its
. I'd say it's the work of a LOT of awesome catalogers, students (both undergrad+grad), archivists and other librarians! :)
Having a one direction moment with my little cousin :))) lol ah!!!!!
How can the muffins at Au Bon Pain have many more calories than the large cheesecake brownies?
recognize that 'Cuse is superior? ;) //
Considering bills himself as an educator, you would think he would find a mor appropriate photo sharing site!
Fun fact for your weekend: It is impossible to keep your eyes open when you sneeze. Note: Sneeze at your own risk if you test this fact. :)
Banh mi sammie w/ vetiver > kristen schaal > sir richard bishop in gallery installation > sound carving with nils' pedals > mountain man ...
Fat beats for rhymes....mad clips for my nine....
By Carter Maness The menacing hip-hop from 16-year-old Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been turning heads lately. Now, aft
Pretty sure the airlines could all reach profitability if they reduced their direct mail spending on me alone.
like watching the games. think about to watch veep
Let's GEAUX, SAINTS!
I'm so sick of school. I think that's why I'm sick now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks for tweeting my #zombie article!
Miss U Sexy Bitch!! xx
Were you picked on a lot when you were little? You little fat hobbitt. Next auction buy some stilts fatboy.
We love your videos. :) Life is good and everything is in full bloom!
People cant wait to shit on Tebow.
LA couldn't score in a brothel! It's only fair they put one in to help you girls out!
you missed the party. Hope the Cave Singers weren't worth it.
Thanks Enjoy your weekend.
Threw out my back moving and had to chill for a week or two. Started fresh Monday. How 'bout you?
Good question Whose coming to Monks for the games!!??
Stop being a JERK! & next time if your gonna keep saying want a cookie than bring me onne! :)
Me and got kicked out of algebra for speaking pig latin lmao
Is there any spreadsheet program currently available that won't make me want to claw my own eyes out?
Me: You're the berries Grandma thanks for the bday card. Me: Did I really just say that Grandma: Say what? Thank god she's 1/2 deaf
RT if you love Austin exactly the way he is. <3
And a happy birthday to you!!
:lol then all the bobbypins will be all ashy!
My homegurl just brought me some more to #drink... The first step is to admit you have a problem but then again I'm not drunk yet lol
I hate readers advisory. If this makes me a bad librarian, so be it.
#DS12 great to walk in and be registered as VIP. Thanks You know how to treat CIOs.
film my first short film as the lead role on monday so excited :) :) it is all about babysteps :)Falling more in love w\acting every min!
Jo March and Atticus Finch. I LOVE this one!
Lakers about to win 4 straight
You had me at "this makes 3 years in a row"
Hey, 1,000 followers! I know it's quality over quantity, but still... a nice number to see. And I assume you are all quality. Thank you!
To do the impossible, you need to ignore the popular
TY so much for the missing person update. It's depressing when left open, especially "3yo didn't get off at his stop" ones.
It's just creepy. And no I don't like Tony Goldwyn. Was that the only movie he made? Grandpa's Boy.
It really is!
Today I'm hit 2100 followers!!!!
RT It took longer to explain overtime than it did to play it.
RT if u saw victor cruz at the grammy's
Out of all the times my internet goes out. I find out they're streaming skullgirls finals. :(
guess who I went out with
Ron Swanson is my idol!
I could push it to 2:30-2:15 w/out stops and more speed.
Just a normal day.
's favorite team is the Yankees?! Brave man, admitting that to this Boston crowd!
Every dumbass who's kids are killed and raped by new live in boyfriends need to have their vaginas sewn shut and their kids given to dad.
mad at you. ... U never follow through of what we say <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Did the B52s play yet on the TV Land awards ??
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
you said you were walking on sunshine and I said me2.
I HATE THAT ! it happens to every team ! yayayayay , at least he got it back !
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Don't.
when the reality show didn't make it
this is for the interim title right? Let me know how it goes
Whether you like it or not, there is no comparison between a student-athlete and an employee of a university. Apples. Oranges.
Miss Universe 1998 semi-finalist in Jail!Accused for drugs!
u got tickets!!! Omg so jello! What did u end up paying?
Martin considering DePaul (weighing agst 1 other school...) Want to email him encouragement? (w/o mentioning us?) We want DePaul!!
Lol did u get my DM's or well read
Last Friday Nokia put on a huge event in Time Square featuring Nicki Minaj and an extravagant LED light show for the release of their...
I'm blaming Nickelback...for everything.
kk I'm following u
I am good, how are you?
hes going to be sorry he lost me.
I heard a rumor that you guys were planning on doing Warped tour next year, is it really true?? My life would be made!
Listening to and the morning show on is making miss the east coast oh so much!
Be inspired by some award-winning libraries, such as and
Hey hey hey :D
are those all albums in the ipod?
You are a VO Rising Star too Brian!
Technically it does...
I knoww I'm so concerned about him.. hope everything is alright with him
well that was frustrating. had a chance to make my first rise above starting stack but kk < 55 aipf K855 hrnnngh :(
Ok. Enjoy
Oscar season is here! Win free movie tickets for a YEAR at AMC!! Just "like" SBXThe125 on Facebook by 1/31 for chance 2 win.
what to do tmw
Finishing lunch & then back to
I am most certainly a Progressive! TX-6 needs a strong, principled challenger 4 Joe Barton. I'd love to chat!
Peyton's street team is a ghost town tonight. Where did everyone go? I'm pretty sure that the #followme video didn't kill all of them. :)
Thanks for mentioning us :)
lol, snoring is never pleasant :) ... Even if Congo might be boring, its better that your man doesn't snore. Isn't it?
joy. sob. oscars.
BIG THANKS to all who came out to support & last night! Your attendance really made the event AWESOME!! THANK YOU :)
this shud be a good one RT : Week 16 matchup: Indianapolis #Colts at Oakland
Going to be so expensive. They're already ridiculously priced. I'd have to get a 2nd mortgage.
Hahaha you can't hide a stud and your parents would kill you! My mom doesn't know :/ lol
Wonder what LaRussa would do if the Brewers performed an today? Any predictions?
Summer Work Packets for AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION will be distributed to incoming students starting tomorrow. Here we go!
right now were in the middle of working on our solo albums and also have a new group album in the works too for RnB Smoove
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent" -Eleanor Roosevelt
im not going to gym tmrrow.
Change?? Change??
On the tip on the way to workk
It's busy in here! I haven't seen a line this long since I hung out with Josh Hamilton and Ron Washington.
Finished #reading Time Future. Moving on to The Venus Throw.
How is school going?
Q: What do you call an afghan virgin A: Mever bin laid on
THERE IS AN INEXPLICABLE COUPLE IN COMMON ROOTS THAT HAVE BEEN SITTING FOR 2 HOURS WITH TACOS NOT EATING THEM
"I hope the iPad 3 has a CD player!" "Dude, give me your CDs."
lmao it should be the opposite RT “: I want oomf number but I'm too scared to ask for it lol”
finally going to be dying my hair on saturday! no more blonde tips!!! xD
is available, and PERFECTLY fits your description! Audition?
the tickets are only in the UK right?
be glad you didn't contract malaria! Only a few more months and SDBB will take you back.
I've lost a lot of sleep to dreams
you stick em on your ta-ta's and twirl!
Just had an AWEsome meeting with the lovely and talented folks of - their new office in St. Pete is streets ahead!
Pushing people away and denying yourself love makes you weak, not strong. Especially when you do it out of fear.
Tom is demo-ing what Amazon looks like without CSS on. Good times.
I knew that already! Haha we have a class together & you didn't know that? Smh LOL
PATH is representing at SAS workshop at Vizcaya Museum with DJ Purist sitting in.....lmao....
Nervous and excited for our collective #TEDxSEA talk on Fandango Without Borders this morning!
So cold and tired.
Cutest girls on campus -----> Have a great day!
yes please come visit us for lunch!! Free cookies samples for desert!
WOOHOO! Donations are the best way to show some love for people and the planet! 97 bucks from me to Nature Conservancy
Need coffee, but loud music will have to do. For now.
Minnesota Vikings 2012 Schedule: Downloadable, Printable
really?(: would you like that if u got that from ur bestfrieend?
Interesting and/or unusual masturbation techniques? email me - Compiling a list! :)
2 hrs sitting on and problem isn't even fixed
Bud can have its patio and 70-ft Jumbotron. I'll stick with the bleachers and 70-oz pitchers of
Thanks so much!
That's just like me saying "I'm trying to give your sister the dick"...some shit you just don't say
If the Lakers lose to the Nuggets, I'll be embarrassed for all Laker fans..
Just did my first sprint since Sunday. It was fun and I got 456 words.
I miss you!
Instagram is taking over the world..
I don't think I'd ever be mad enough at a person to want to kill them.
Think we turn around and trade him right away?
Awards can be pretty sweet too!
It's your birthday? Have a happy one
happy mother's day
YOU ARE SO ANNOYING GO AWAY OH MY GOD
": Just drove past this truck...Yikes! What do you think they do do? Seriously I'm intrigued..." Houston has "Pooper Scoopers"
Have you followed us back yet? We do pizza giveaways all the time, but only for our followers :-)
Go to the NFL's Facebook page and #votefordriver - best 7th round pick
Dry tech for The Fazzino Ride! Stay tuned.
Oh I know my man.. It's a pain in the ass though and a lot of work..
Just got to work.
Yes Barbara! I heard it's super expensive but if I will see if I can at least visit! :-)
Sorry for my erratic retweets last night. A rude person stole my phone and did it
I know he didn't expect to be pulled out of bed on a Sunday night, but is #JohnKing drunk?
People in Nashville are clapping for Adele. That's a comeback!
is so insane. Her life is so miserable that she can't even see how she treats others.
Purple Rain dance party with and #babyaddie....mom and dad with their gin & tonics and addie with her cheerios....good times
#Royals bases loaded, one out, Gordon at bat. I say 75% chance for a double play.
Marcoi Terminesi with the header finish to give the lead back with :17 to go in 3rd. Wave leads 9-7 over
Cat that just rocked the stage was ..
#BigRichTexas just another reality show to be addicted to. I just got sucked in.
has written, jogged, committed and most importantly pre-ordered his Yo La Tengo LP -- balancing out his ceaseless playing of Popular Songs
Seems like this is the 1st night in months where there's no #NBA on my TV. Weird. Oh well...I'll watch the Nat Geo Wild channel instead.
People always wonder why I take so many days off school. Days like today when I stay up all night in the bathroom is your answer.
Try your best to keep your eyes open today; you will probably come in contact with someone that could use your help. Try to pay it forward!
How can independent schools make themselves more prestigious, and fascinating? teaches today at
Pulled over. First time... Fun....
real good things are going well with everything I have to try and make it out one tuesday !
I got a plan!! Aggooo mee...now on to
Thursdays are more then just a bridge to the weekend, they are days were great accomplishments can me made!
smh you gotta be shytn me another ot -_____________-
Captain Bruce Clark's body arrived in Rochester this morning. was there and has the emotional story tonight at six.
The final special performance by du Soleil starts at 16:45 - did we mention that it's happy hour too :) #drupa hall 8b
One lie leads to another
Hahaha, I think they'd sign off "love and huggies" don't you?
A Christmas Story marathon is on
luckily, I used to work in Rock Ctr, so know where the cracks in security are.
After the radio interview walking by the same building where I got #laid #off just follow your
One of my favs.. as Dustin, Goldust, the artist formally known as, WWE Dustin hell even that f**kn TNA s**t
in ATX this Friday w/ Loegz and more.....
i had it before the season an took kemp and also managed to get hamilton 3rd round
Can someone please explain why the show Toddlers and Tiaras betters society in any way?
Trapeze would've been awesome. But no, headstands in outdoor yoga. Fun, though I like your idea even better!
I was fucked up yesterday I wonder if I ran somebody dog over
literally playing volleyball with balloons in first period while eating cake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yes I do, but only by special order.
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's $140 buy in ($125/15) Bounty Tournament. Start with 10,000 chips.
Happy Hour starts at 4! Come for our famous La Casa margaritas!! ONLY $5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh okay! I have to study for finals too! Lol and thank you!! :)
Brian: Face it Peter, you get competitive about everything. Peter: I am so not competitive. In fact, I am the least noncompetitive so I win.
New Doctor Who is now a minute away...
why no hardware encryption?
Don't stand too close to the heater- plastic melts
stop retweeting lies and slander about 5 guys Burgers and Fries!
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crew&go once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Can anyone help? Please.
Stress everywhere.
Sam has never seen "The Wonder Years?" Time for Netflix!
Perhaps we're all "curators" now, a la Pinterest, Tumblr. RT I don't get the "new" Delicious.
Dear, boy/girlfriend If I ever walk in2 the house n your wearing a #ForeverEazy Make sure u have called the cops 2 come pick me up 4 murder
Wooooohooooo followed me! <U+270C>
AT ALLThey them NIGGAS that be flodgin/man THAT NIGGA Wouldn't kick a Ball/I Will show THESE NIGGAS How To BALL/IMMA TRILL NIGGA
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Porch is open. See Ya'll Tonight! JC
Man I can't wait for #SlickLiving to drop from !!! That mixtape is going to be epic!!
Tell that boy I said - dendoe
Awesome. I was half right :^) RT : Golden Tate is the pick. Really, really like this one, too.
Only a few more days to the preview of my first Spike Lee Joint! Hoping to make some good connects in Utah.
Keep ya head up!! #YaDig ?
Why are we only allowed to use 144 characters on these things again? It makes me feel far more inclined to just put up facebook wall posts..
Got the all clear from OverDrive. Alerting the masses.
Adults that claim to love baby food are the worst kind of assholes.
wht did i say
Concentrate on finding your goal, then concentrate on reaching it. -Michael Friedsam
Juice Mann what's good
#rt : "Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength."
Interested in the ginger-lime concept though I'm curious as to the difference between -ade and -ale.
Now this makes a little more sense
The hardest part of leavin you are those eyes. R those eyes. So take it all and leave it do, so sick n tired of all of you, but those eyes..
#41999 You're beautiful! And a real dutch mahomie! ;) just friggin' love ya! X Amy <3
it's alright Jermichael. People don't realize how much your talent opens up the field for Greg, jordy, Donald and James. 16-0
Thank you! <3 So much talent in #BOS- would love to pull off more things here in vein of /LUMEN8/Lightbox event
struggling with negative, self centered people who demand more and give nothing.
TGIF, although I have a few deliverables today which is never fun on a
Anyone wanna help me with the Dayshell video? You can be an admin on the Pray for Shay page too.
Rose injury unknown, no word on the MRI yet!!!! But still it can't be good for the Bulls...
Sure.... we ALL know what you're going to do at 11:59
P.S. Anyone out there using an older WordPress version, take note--you need to update it periodically. This is probably obvious to many!
why thank you <U+2665>
I'm looking forward to it!! :-)
LMFAOOOOOOOO. OMG. IT WAS. IT REALLY WAS. OMG, TELL LUIS TOMORROW THAT I LOVE HIM, OK.
thanks! They survived the last minute. Haha good game :) not as intense as the Heat/Knicks game tho hehe
I am doing absolutely lovely! You?
Don't worry Arthouse I'm with you. Who needs curators. Let's take this to da streets. Social Media Curators! Best idea yet! FKNOSM!
when r u going to pr???
weirdly, I need a Wilton Spongebob Squarepants Cakescapes Cupcakes Stand Kit and Mickey Mouse baking cups. for a friend. Anyone have extras?
Mass Effect 2 and This Modern Glitch? I fucking win
Love the Scottish actors & their accents..
Hiking with Dad and Mc K
hey, can I crash the VIP thing tonight--a friend was the Yelp winner and I'm the Hag...come on...
$25 for 15 minutes $100 an hour No Ordinary Psychic Radio Psychic Astrologer Devika Kumar!
aint nothing on his chin
ha ha omg I didn't know that was possible poor guy
isn't it great?
#GirlsShould have more respect for there selves
Tweet tweet
i was but they left i was like no chloe ah i wake up in a hospital lol
My sister woke up from her nap in a bad mood. She needs to go back to sleep. I'm sick of being yelled at and bossed around.
OMG thanks for the follow :D
Got to expect that C Peter Konz will go very quickly in the 2nd round with Colts picking 2nd and Ravens picking 3rd
Where is my twitter wife?
Watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives about Dogs & Burger. Omg, had me at 'chicago dog'. Starving now at 9:55pm.
It's more of a personal pet peeve than anything else. Most of the time the books don't have to be read in order anyway.
Off to Atlanta for CHI. The flight's on a 777, so the upgrade to business class is just peachy. Now THIS is legroom.
WHATS UP RED!!!!
You rock so hard.... Love to you!!! AND Happy Birthday!!!! xoxxoxoxo
We're taking a wee break from Yule Struttin' this year. Don't fret! You're covered. Come to Le Jazz Hot & get down, Speakeasy-style! NOV. 6
Dont be scared, its only love were falling in.
l stuttered while asking out girls
Hey and photog Rod Stevens FUN FUN live shot ! Great job sharing story of Packy's bday bash w/ viewers!
that's what I said lol
Q: Thoughts on #WarHorse? A: Liked it better when it was called #HomewardBound. PS: considered saying
awww i missed twitcam :'( why did i have to go to school!!!
March, my hurdle month, is almost over! It'll be smooth sailing from here :)
Stuck around. like a sucker. thats ok, live and learn.
got u Ima switch it up just to c way u on fam...
I think if Tumblr had been around in the late '30s, Winston Churchill would have had a least a few devoted to him.
I did hear batista went back to wwe
tell moms i said what up
loves that Daniel Craig was on the Today show plugging Cowboys & Aliens and talking about the premier at Comic-Con in San Diego!
I understand why he would say he sucks.
oh lord.. lpl
Only one week left of school!
haha those were the days! Who's that Spartan in my teepee?? #it'sme
oh hey:) not much just busy with work and waiting for the new mic, miss recording :\
Trying to get back on track with my art. It's been such a busy week. TGIF!
Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday!
That's what we like to hear! MT If I'm someday half the teacher my cooperating teacher is, I'll be happy.
Yes maam i sure am i sent you a request on fb too
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
Neither is GoogleGears! I need to figure out how to downgrade FF before heading to ALA tomorrow. Must be able to do email offline.
hghs has 2 lunches now? o.O
Which do you like better: Wuthering Heights or Pride & Prejudice? Because I am ready to pass judgment on your answer.
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more” Tony Robbins
The Bachelor Ben is the biggest fool on reality TV! Clearly, listening to the women was not a part of his Bachelor journey!!
a friend of mine sang that song when we did it in high school. He was AMAZING!
Thanks for following ME! haha and my band we appreciate it very much =]
With too many Latino kids in foster care, a state assemblyman searches for ... - San Jose Mercury News
Hubs just home from #SDSUBasketball. Worst. Referees. Ever. (How does that happen at this level?)
follow me please <3
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks - 100 Bones will be rocking the night away! Also - the Whiskey Chicks website is coming soon so stay tuned!
I wake up in the morning, put on my yellow shirt.
~ RT : Always love ridin the Metro at night back to VA! Calm & peaceful!
Made kielbasa soup for dinner. Wife said she didn't want then emerged and ate a bowl. No compliment or thanks. But she finished it all off.
showed me some sick pictures, including a portrait of david beckham
Questions asks of edtech entrepreneurs. "Is focus on the full impact? Does it close the gap or widen it?"
Small Help A Big Leap For Kids&#39; Tv
FATE has conspired to put me in the drivethrough of a KFC. OF COURSE I'm getting one!
IT was a blast! RT : Just finished interviewing for Red.Hot.Momentum on the Air tomorrow - Woohoo!
Amen sister!!
Just got the first one! I love the new gig! Great to be home! Lunch soon?
better to think it
Happy birthday to have a great day Joe.!(:
which app?
Well ... you would be the one to pinpoint that storm, wouldn't you? Get on it! :P
“: "Be the kindness you wish to see in the world." ~B. D. Schiers #kindness #quotes”
Can't wait for the Crab Feast this evening! Come visit and I at the Social Media Lounge
It's called amazin
Nasty cold this weekend. I am bound and determined to get things done today! I need #motivation!
...there's not enough redbull in the world...
You feel that steam heat coming? That's from my under carriage
Anyone having a #MadMen themed party in SF this Sunday? I make killer Old Fashions ;)
We showed them! RT : Joke's on you Charlie!! You said Kentucky was better.
make a huge difference. I feel secure and safe enough to work hard, and they are light enough I almost feel barefoot. Love them.
if u went to a party & a hostess never acknowledged u would u feel welcome? i feel that way about blogs. say hi. wave. something
Call us at 1-(866)-326-5155 to discuss your bankruptcy options and we’ll schedule you a free consultation with a bankruptcy attorney.
Ouch. I remember what happened to the last guy who used that one.
When I see you with her I die a little
Can't stop playing draw something
you should on of these days it's the first British tv showe I've ever seen
I'm _guessing_ that you wouldn't think your tweets are your best work, but rather your art is. Yes?
Come join us tomorrow at 11am for #CentralAustinJelly. Productive mischief + USA soccer = Win!
Sent that link to a few weeks back... Impressive isn't it?
Bleh going to the hospital >.<
Winning run aboard!
I feel weird <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> lol
It's only hours away! Come watch the 49ers put away the NYGiants at the pub with $2 Sierra Nevada Pale Ale Drafts!
okay, haha. Yoy can stay maybe Monday night lol.
Congrats to the 2012 Orientation Leaders! So much nostalgia right now.
Easy to dream a dream, but harder to live it.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Are the ones i know ill regret
I want to try it just to tell people what I'm wearing! WhoopAsh --- I luv it!
It's a BIG day around here. Can't wait to celebrate 2011 as a team this afternoon!
It's been a long time since I got dressed up in went out.......
Thanks, man! I'm kinda floored by that...
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
I was very confused after opening the photo due to the caption :)
The color of your sweatshirt is very welcoming lol
Oh boy, food coma. After a dinner of ny strip steak, salad, Mac and cheese, baked potato, and Texas toast.
Some girls cry over men i cry over being broke. My mind is on my money, not on no man. Step yo' money game up before you end up on skidrow
Yeah sun sun it going to be hot weather with no rain I well never never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Know #CMPUNK rules
i had one of those. i called her "mom jeans".
woohoo... one week to #6Nations rugby... already booked my place at the pub in Santa Monica for 6am next Saturday !!!
Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Got sick in school :p blah :(
Not a problem. Ppl hav to help/support others right? ": Thank u for ur luv n support"
My mind will be closed all weekend due to Irene.
ok ok, sorry bout that...I mustve been working.
Can we just skip finals and it be summer already?
This workday-after-late night rock show is brought to you by
Hey, “Vision Hyundai Henrietta,” did you know you’re actually in Brighton?
hi Eddie - thanks for connecting here - happy holidays!
I can stop if you want.
Ultrasounds are the worse. For one, that's not the person who's profile it is - false advertising. And it's an alien!
Recreating the future one day at a time is surprisingly rewarding.
You gotta love twitter!
“Ah ha Moments?” …That Would Be Aisle Three…Next To “Flashes Of Insight.”
Sikeeeee! Haa, I Don't Think That's Possible.
I never thought I'd have to say "don't kick your brother in the head."
George Chauncey finishing his research this week
Glad you liked!
where yall moving bro
#FF experts at elevating #business results
Si IS the BEAVER COMMANDER!
congratulating Margaret Singer of Su Casa: "Immigrants, immigration is the back bone of our country."
DONT LEAVE SOMETHING GOOD TO FIND SOMETHING BETTER. ONCE YOU REALIZE YOU HAD THE BEST, THE BEST HAS FOUND BETTER
WORD! RT god I love joe biden.
#seo #marketing , Harrah’s Casino, Emagister, Sam's Club , each sign 2 year marketing contracts with DeVante Designz Inc. devantedesignz.com
hm. no, let's leave that part of the past in the past. What other tech-themed movies were part of the schedule this semester?
Cool. Would love to hear your thoughts.
I use an extra long straw for snorting - never have to take my eyes off the road
Fire, walk with me.
Heh. This was a review for Yelp. I didn't realize it would be posting to Twitter. Thanks for the heads up.
should colab with and it would be crushing.
omg it hurt so bad!!
C'mon #Lost - 7pm on a sunday just doesn't work for me. What's the matter with the regular time?
Word on the street is the waiting list for hippo bathtubs is long.
listing only ends if someone buys and quantity is set to 1.
#EverFeelLike telling your boss to go f*ck himself/herself? I certainly have...but I like making money too much so I'll pass.
They have taken so many tests in the last 2 weeks...EOC exam, On Demand Writing Test, AP exams, & finals.
I'm back nigguhz lol but yea I'm gonna start tweeting now cause I got my iPod :3
nope.. Just like voice-mail and answering-machines ...Nothing to hide.. Thanks for your opinion...
Band drama \m/
I love it. Comfort food.
Thanks Gaetano! My friend Gordon is a great songwriter. It was a real pleasure to solo to. :)
Jersey shore marathon all day..yeah buddy.
The whole country got a gift when #Vinny did the MLB game last night!
« New STD out called "Ass Whoopin"..... Keep talking shit & you just might catch 1 quick !!!»
i just realized i never replied. i've been up to being busy! working on the morning show now, too!
Is this your first #sachat Justin? Only on Twitter a couple weeks and jumping right in. I love it!
Man, how many community service hours and extra curriculars did you need to get into that fancy community college?!??
hey Francisco how was Andy Pettitte today? In your opinion
Pending your approval :D! If lines are bad I'll let you work your magic with someone the front
Don't know what you doing to me with your love ...
Thx. Have a good night!
lol what? We got to pick whatever types of teams we wanted.
+1 RT : I'm starting to love the idea of Baltimore's innovative persona: Instead of "Get In on It", it should be CREATE BaltiMORE
I was just drinking a carton of chocolate milk and it had pictures of Malkin & Fleury on the back.
RT Try Olive You for happ hour.you may find it so surprising.... <<-- just a short drive from Belltown
MT : FollowEDU is exactly what I was looking for! I found it difficult to find higherEd ppl in broad social networks. Kudos!
Instagram, Clear, and Band of the Day are three of my favs.
I want something , I just don't know what
": Me & beatin up this chick at the end of the school year after school lol #middleschoolmemories" haha OMG Miss it
Aight bet, I wasn't even feeling you like that anyways.
RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
Trailer to be released soon.. keep checking the website and fanpage!
I finally read your magazine cover story. I'm gonna have to let you sign it. I was telling ppl, "I know her!"
L734 MEMBERS! PLEASE CHECK WEBSITE, EMAIL & SNAIL MAIL FOR IAFF CONVENTION CALL INFORMATION.
tweeted this from Ricky by mistake
A woman can cry for someone she doesn't really love. A man will cry only for someone he truly loved.
patio.. Yes please!!
RT“: Manning will throw for the Titans as well, no date has been set for that workout”
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 11
Shout out to our new followers!
chillin in the men's room, washing my hands when this big dude busts in & runs to the stall...I'm out, cuz shit's about to get REAL in here!
What was the coolest thing from SXSW that stuck with you over the past couple months?
WOW & I THOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER.... CAN U GUYS GIVE ME >> SHOUTOUTS? I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
A1: Chicago. Rentals up. Houses smaller. People staying put.
Broccoli Mashed Potatoes Sometimes the easiest way to get kids to eat vegetables is by pairing them with foods kids already like. Take th
Thanks for the shout out in support of our Eugene expansion!
Championship Thursday !
no Andy Carroll from the start on Saturday and an over-reliance on Gerrard to lift the team
it wouldn't be another gear Sunday on this earth in Brooklyn if there wasn't a man walking down the street yelling sodomite conquerer
America the beautiful Up to $150 off 7-21 day tours U.S. Southwest. Deal on now!
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you have to just jump off the bridge and grow wings on your way down. ~ Danielle Steel
Early menopause linked to higher risk of osteoporosis, fracture and mortality
you're too sweet!
Now Playing Everyday Struggle- Notorious B.I.G. R.I.P. Biggie
And one of our kids plagiarized his poetry contest entry. Really guys? Sigh.
it was OK, i can see where it would be interesting to some folks, but i am not sure i can watch it too much..too slow for me
The CEO of is giving a prezintation at the tonight. Excited to get some first hand tips from the source.
A nutgraph is what was, what is and what's now!!!
I'm also fascinated that the professor has saved me the effort and turned himself into a character (the Plaid Avenger).
#top10Lies Your opinion matters.
free admission for IL residents at and do you guys have IL licenses?
Just found out about the about:robots screen in Firefox.... check it out! {URI is "about:robots"]
yeah. she came to our homecoming game. (:
you can always come back to the library...
Anondezvous is a rendezvous that never happens.
i wish 2 be that object ;)
What's up today?
Sad songs by Sr. Elton John is making me dance in my car
yes now i know i can keep my favorite jersey haha
Tired and cranky.
“: Cowboy fans: "I love our chances to beat the Giants, Tony Romo has never lost on a Wednesday night!"”
Hey guys, if you've signed up for the program - tell your friends! We need people
Of course! We effing HATE the Braves.
sending good thoughts to Kicho
I don't look like my struggles...
#ImThatPersonWho always tries to take things positive <U+E022>
It's hot here and has been during the weekend.
People often wonder if they "belong" somewhere, when an assumed community exists. Give them a choice, and they'll find their niche.
I shared your article w/ my art teachers and they loved it! It looks like a blast.
What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now. -Buddha
Tomorrow night head out to BRINK ORLANDO for Foreplay Fridays! I'll be spinning and free drinks will be available 11-12!...
act like you are busy, your lifes lame :P
Writing a masterpiece of gay proportions can be a difficult task when the coffee runs empty!
Question of the day? How does Twitter help your business?
Maybe 95% were refis then, rare to get a sale, bet that's nearly reverse now? I'm a Realtor now, new perspective.
Message to world: This is America. We are rebuilding the Twin Towers better than ever-- while Bin Laden rots in hell. Don't tread on us.
Click the link below to download a 1 hour mix of music from DJ DENCO on Opening Day LIVE from the Tavern Downtown! Thanks DJ Denco!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GORGEOUS <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
If you not tweet me,i'm sad.So someone can tell to Ariana tweet me?
who fuckin cares, really
haha no! But it was a killer sweater and hat!
I saw their mother back and forth many times yesterday bringing worms and things to them. She's a squawker too!
the results of this study are directly related to future levels of productivity in the office.
#MySiblingIsWeird He wants to have a three-way with Padma Lakshmi and William Shatner..
Oh my god Philly! Why does everything shut down at midnight.
Only the Cubs could make that play.
For the purposes of the FAA 'sign off' is a multi million dollar process, so count your blessings.
#CAKEBOSS #AWAKE #MOJO - those words remind me of an amazing artist :D
God allows bad things 2happen 2 good people? Look, there has only been ONE good person and what "bad" happened to him I caused. He is Jesus
Those Brownies look god as fuck!!!!!!!! Bring me some!
Good morning, everyone! Happy International Ask a Question Day! Submit your marketing questions to us!
dang that sucks.
now playing "s & m" rihanna on #jackiespeaksshow www.urbanlatinoradio.com
My Students: The more joyous we are about embracing life’s obstacles, the greater the chances we’ll be in for the long (abundant) haul~!
yes yes! Just want to make sure you see the love cuzzz.
Heres looking at ya'!
If I had my way would get the rights and make Mad Max comics.
you still up? come do hw or chill with me at 210D if you are.
Enjoy a Wonderful, Joy Filled and Grateful 'Autumn' Weekend Everyone!
We're looking forward to finishing up some new songs for you all soon, stay tuned for some updates and keep rockin
yeah young help buy it out because they trying buy her a successful rap career Grammy first then we can't talk lol?
today my mom said she is my best friend, great not only do I have a godawful mother, my best friend is a total bitch
If it's a courthouse story, I'm there! Little and I arrived there together and double teamed it, though we got nothing
Tonight calls for a run!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> so ready!
We need to get the tickets for tampa @ boston at #Fenway...you can wear your Tampa stuff...we'll just get shot...
this is my clever face
Just bought 504 ADDITIONAL beers for the #roaddron. This weekend is going to be epic!
I did an auction booklet recently!!!! Need some help??
Chupacabra is at n capital and mass. Tacos make u happy. Meow meow.
Pizza Fun Fact: 36% of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast -- do you agree?
One day everyone hits good...next day they get pulled back into not hitting with RISP...now what?
RT glad i'm not called louis, apparantly, LOUIS HAS A MANGINA. I wonder if he #MANJAZZLES IT! bad for the heart, it would give him ANGINA!
Finally off! Now for supper :/
R.I.P. Dick Clark. Pop culture icon and slice of Americana passes from the scene.
omg, sounds like heaven.
well let's get together catch up ..
Yo. The Lucky One actually looks like a cool movie. Save your judging. lol
Tracy ..Come down after or before the show eat some sushi Rolls, Welcome back to the Mile Hi City
It is said that love is blind! Acceptance is the blind spot we experience when in love...judgment is more in-sight than looking into others!
As he should its his job to make sure they show up every game!
yea my imbox is now filled w/ it, totally killed my scream marathon!
Bout to eat some long john silvers,chicken wit vinagar(how ever ya spell that). Chow down time
let me know if I can help you get started!! (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 18
Roman Martinez veteran lobo move. 3 ball ties it.
try again tomorrow, except do the elaine dance.
follow me on twitter
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
Going to be doing some more mixing on the album today!! Home studio=mixing in PJ's :) --Jason
Flying to NYC june 2nd! If you know anyone that needs photos I have two spots open the 3rd Mi Amiga. (also, lets grab drinkies)
yes sir! Lightening strikes!
you're welcome!
disagree, you women ruined it. Too many times behavior like that is rewarded
It always taste better when someone else cooks mother's meals
Following more arianators when I come back from school this morning :)
#amwriting something. For this fine monday.
is offering the following services: setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting rec…
I agree! Can't wait for the next one: U Ignite?! RT What a great community and bring together
yay yay yay, love when people are excited about Twitter!
aww thanks lovely :) you're too sweet .xx
The universal truth is that we all only have 24 hours per day to purse our goals or be close to others. No one has more time than you.
the screening was awesome!!!
Jumping on my tramp. I just have so much energy right now . Like im so excited.
I made the same change a few months ago and thought the same thing.
Some people take sports way too seriously.
Congrats! DM me so I can get your info...
Sabin-Schellenberg free e-waste recycling event hosted by Green Century
Everytime I hear the beginning if Summer Nights, I think WMYB is coming on... They sound so alike...
Failed North Korean Launch a Setback for Kim Jong-un Defying warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea launched a rocket Friday
Plane full of Brewers hats. My people!
is on her way to play softball on Roosevelt Island! :D
is happy her parents' home is still standing but wishes she was helping to cover ike's aftermath in houston.
Just made vegan Indian food and stuffed peppers! Yummy!
What a wonderful feeling that is!
I did say something once, she laughed and slogged away ARGHHH
thanks. I'm getting your updates. I've been following you since way back. :)
Walking dead is the shit
Home early just to see and
Downloaded Words With Friends on my droid. Now to figure out how to play. Connected thru FB.
No idea who could count the InChI Keys.....not sure it's an easy challenge...
I'm going to put myself into a diabetic coma tonight.
Yeeeeaaaaaaaah I don't.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
No school for me,
Many more moving musical measures coming soon :-)
The worst feeling in the world is forgetting someones bday that your close to... Smdh!!!!
RT lmao people r actin like boosie is about to b in the studio tommorow, dude isnt even gettin outta jail for a cool 8 yrs
Imagine being so excited for the fall semester of Ball So Hard University, and you show up and the TA is teaching class. You'd drink 4 days.
:/ maybe it will come monday... btw i washed ur sweat shirt! the stains came out! ill bring it tomorrow!
do that .. Because its some shit going on tomorrow!
where are you off to next?
I coached BB 13 years. Best memory was parents of child with learning issues tell me his being on my team was 1st time he was treated as =.
Looking for a new #sales #career? Look no further. base+commission, benefits, gas allowance, awesome company. DM me if interested!
That must be the new version of cutting off sleeves.
Cool. What's your prices?
I'm happy to see here on Twitter! :D
NOW Russell is in? Incredibly stupid managing. All because this is the 8th & the last was the 7th. Yet that situation was...
was so good on dancing with the stars, he deserved to stay!
haha. If you haven't been crossed you haven't played anybody good.
nah missed him at dba by 10 minutes. He's still the nastiest...
I really need to keep my emotions in check were is my support group when I need them
this is just crazy right now
well now I HAVE to watch it! I'm so curious about what happened to make it so awful.
I'm tired of waiting days for Firefox updates. I want to have to update my browser every few hours!
has a new legal intern - Ilaria Canepa - honors graduate of University of Milan law school - starting next week.
AH. Starbucks, Dunks, not open yet... I'm like a crack addict trolling Downtown Crossing, looking for a fix.
pussy way out. At least no tax $ spent on trial and prison
Thursday - 10 am Hot with Bethany and 4 pm Power with Gwen. Go ahead, laugh at the ice as you walk out of 105 degrees! heh
wish I was there with u guys ...
#10FactsAboutMe 1. My name is Maria 2. I'm 13 years old 3. I'm a Mahomie 4. I only have 2 true friends I can trust [c]
I know it's hard to keep an open heart when even friends seem out to harm you
I know lent is still for another 2 weeks but im going back to the gym!
Did someone say rain?
So true. RT : I love Peeta and I love Gale. I have a favorite for Katniss. But I really hate this team talk. This isn't Twilight.
Chopped it up w/ big cuz needed a good ole laugh from my crazy day, now its hubby n wife time w/
Thanks for the follow! Don't forget to follow too :)
why is this happening? reality tv "expo" wtf? www.realityrocks.net
When you're behind in reading your twitter feed, at what point do you say, Screw It, and scroll through? 530?
will never notice mee :'(
ps. If u don't follow , please do. She is one of the coolest people you'll ever meet. (yes, we'll keep pulling pranks on her :)
Reign truly the #kingofallmedia!!!!!!
He Finna Blow Me Real Tlk!!
No weapon formed against us shall prosper. Unity is key.
you texted me this morning ?
ThMrUKno: The author of Revelation loved the language of numbers. In the year 95 CE, “7”=divine wholeness, “6”=incompletness, falling short.
I'm interested what's the title of the album that's about to come out.
Got SANDCASTLES on Netgalley!
better make something happen or this friendship could be over.
If you can't read this, I've been sopa'd.
wordpress helped me so much. Great for training, easy to code or customize and user friendly content management system.
I might be the only Florida girl who owns only 1 pair of flip flops. I have sandals, but only 1 pair of flops for the beach. Smh
Speaking in French. c:
I was up late reading MOCKINGJAY last night and tried to read it while I brushed my teeth this morning. My brain is in Panem. ;)
I loved going in the tunnels! It was so much fun
found out wat
Teaching what double dribbling is! And clock management! And
I couldn't fit any more letters!!
I heard that you like the bad girls, honey, is that true?
I think I broke a toe, maybe two. Let's shoot this wedding!
New topic - Gots me a little itch!
Don't consider yourslef an ugly person , consider yourself as a beuatiful monkey <3
the book is amazing so far!!!!:D
Sorry I didn't take your advice, dear. Had to go with the black & red/orange. Already have shoes that will match perfectly!
All you folks here for #gnomedex this weekend, welcome to Seattle.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Found this online: Color of your pants + last thing you ate/drank = band name. Get ready for the upcoming hit album from Blue Fried Rice.
not to mention they have the best coach in the NBA
I've never been! I heard it is great!
Hi, My name is John Lee, I'm a Chinese Teacher for more than 10 Years! <U+25BA><U+25BA><U+25BA><U+25BA>I Follow Back <U+25BA> If you keep Following me <U+25BA>
Swag S-She W-Wants A-A G-Gentalmen
Will the presentation on 10/18 be webcast? I love JSB but can't make it to San Fran.
I'm going to WWDC 2011.
I'm bummin it today !
This is the Official Twitter Page of Kustomized Giftzz www.kgiftzz.com Check us out today for the latest Customized Gifts
This is Ridiculous
great peer-to-peer conference for fishermen LaPazBCS Mexico thx and COBI for #sustainable #fisheries www.pescadorapescador.net
One final down, one left to go!
cause you never tag shit lol
looking forward to partying with you soon!!!
Now #following the best #mindless fan ever every mindless fan if ur #mindless then follow her!
Ain't gonna lie...it would really bother me...
Good morning! Back at it on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM after that! Hm, maybe Summerfest later?
Never bash other people to get where we wanna be!
Researching potential #beverage #distributors. We're trying to get DL in as many states as possible!
Ran out of characters to hashtag.
Where do we send you stuff.. What's your P.O. Box(: <3
Playing 335 six max at
apparently his idea of creating jobs is putting more people in the military.
My kitty is so cuddly tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
wouldn't eat anything made by $anders. Probably be greasy, fatty, and overpriced. Like his gov.
Sounds good, I'm open.
do u think that is a common perception and representation of young women in our culture?
I dont depend on my boyfriend,he just likes spoiling me.
Damn! I almost dressed in all purple before leaving the house, and NOW I learn Big Lebowski is playing tonight.
Dear old grumpy co worker hearing you bitch about your job is not what I want to hear after a nice lunch.. Your 66.. RETIRE That is all
She says im everything shes wanted since she met me 3 years ago : ) with alex and mikey gonna spend the night at her house again ; )
WHY THANK YOU CONSTANCIO COBRA!(;
Bo rainy days!!
hit me up tomorrow
I've definitely pulled that out for previous workshops. :) We have a YouTube video too.
Mana Jumps Past Britney Spears In Record 11 Shows at L.A.'s Staples Center (Billboard)
"Highly recommend the Maguire's Salad and Crostinis." - Jeff G. on #Foursquare. We agree, Jeff!
Watching on Tough new street track. Big crowd.
My husband and I didn't sign a pre-nuptial agreement
Have the courage to be imperfect and life becomes easier.
are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?
I'm feelin this pic alot more then the egg u had =) haha
shhhhhh were not supposed to talk about this... This plan isnt set in motion!!
Ready for home and relaxing. Perhaps a nap is in order. I was traveling at 6:30 this AM.
Sorry- that should be Fess Parker- and I've only had half a glass- really!
I'm tryin to make a Cedar Point trip one day!!!
While Frozen Planet is excellent, it would have been nice to have Tina Fey voicing a polar bear to go along with Alec Baldwin's narration
“: “: I thought Obama was opposed to slavery and realized he's Soros prostitute”lmao wittyatty”,
Panic attacks thinking about panic attacks.
I wish!
Whoop thank yu mista worm..... I tied that bow!
y wont you do the same ?
Hockey fights are both awesome and ridiculous at the same time.
Only good thing about tonight: panda express for dinner and Jason's deli strawberry shortcake for dessert
#OffTheirRockers... funnier than hell!! lol Betty White is a genius!
Dr.Lyndsay...You were great this AM! Thanks for waking up @ O'Dark Hundred!
Thanks for reposting the Eberhard clip link. It convinced me to go back on anti-depressants. I'm much better now.
pm me and Ill tell you my rates
I feel yah' sister.
No, I won't give up.
S/O da Dc god on da new deal
User:GodbeyBurney511 - noitcidary: the reverse-dictionary wiki project
Obama's new proposal re: black unemployment: Jobs at B.E.T for everyone!
I'm mad I can't use my phone right now. -__-
Anti-war protester to keep up fight
Although I have been opposed to the thought of color guard after Pride, I am offically going to do drum corps and march Pride again =]
Seriously. That ride is nicer than my car.
Still there's no place I'd rather be.
Just me talking.Corporations are not limited in the $ they can use to influence public policy.Who will be a voice for our youngest citizens?
Thanks for the mention!!!
Why do people insist on trying to get blood out of a turnip and then get upset when there's no blood?????????????
Thank you so much for the MT the #jazzday concert last night was a phenomenal event to see, to the future goes
UofL game day in about 3 hours....... You playing hookie or are you working like myself?
Only $5 = extra income. Get more info by sending an email to
omg 4 real? What is 999 if you turn it upside-down (considering your phone doesn't correct itself)
Industry verticals assessing #cybersecurity compliance - healthcare leading the way.
At the airport waiting to board! Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Hope everyone had fun at the show last night!
When he picked Palin, that's when I ditched the Rep. party. Maybe its a trend, an hallelujah moment.
a proud Nationals fan? That a girl!!!! We need to send you a new #47 jersey.
and I got crafty and created beautiful masks for Mardi Gras. I'm thinking we need an etsy store.
That depends Is she a blonde and is she a female?
Open up my open house today. Condo westside Madison.
Had an awesome moment in the office today...5 people laying hands and praying over a care package prior to delivery. Please pray for Billy.
hi there! you too!
UVA/PVCC Free Latte Month is back for all students, faculty, and staff members! Come in every day for a free latte. No purchase required.
getting ready
BIG H MANTRA: Barry Bonds was convicted of lying to the Government last week. If the Government lies to us, then WHO gets convicted?
Time for Joe Pa to hit the retirement home. Sad way to go out.
School ruined my holiday to seattle what a bad holiday <U+2639>
Obama was born in Hawaii, a US state, making him a natural born citizen. Careful. Your propaganda is showing
gotcha. I kinda do but not any details.
I know we fight a lot, we may not be the perfecistt couple in the world, but I know our love is real..if it wasn't why would we still b here
Wisconsin limbo was entertaining. Time to come home dems. The game is over. State is ready for leadership and unity.
I guess it depends on what price you put on your head! :)
Busy day doing freelance.
nonetheless yayyyyy!! Make sure to take pictures. Enjoy =))
I thought about starting to be nice to people then I realized the only way to get through to people is to be an ass hole.
about to hit sheets goodnight twitter friends
Yes, that's another one of my SF bus-related pet peeves too.
was but ya no. Shit happens.
Although it does seem very developer centric to assume that the #ux is only handled by the view layer of a web application
Up late preparing for a radio interview scheduled for Tuesday night. Been really swamped lately. Started as a adjunct professor last week.
Congratulations to all winning bidders!
Sending you some love today. Also, if you need coffee I just brewed some. Fuck that bitter burnt shit! You're welcome.
"You have".....something. Good luck lol
no problem. Thanks for the S/O! Keep an eye on the blog, too; great things are in the works.
Having an awesome time with and many BP fans in A's game, trolling about defensive metrics
Crazy sex couple Mack Hall
Twitter: my biggest procrastination since 2009.
Need something fun to do tonight? The Polar Express is playing at the Humphrey IMAX Theater at 7:10pm!
More water.
Bronson estimates she drank maybe 5 glasses wine. "It was too much. I really wasn't keeping track...but that's no excuse."
San Fran bitch!!! Hahahahababa
Right now here in Burque, the moon is huge and looks yellow like cheese
Doesn't look like I'll be running so it's looking like an Ultra fall & winter for me :)
Got a hair cut thinking it may be a little too short
Be sure to drink your Ovaltine!!
I was able to get an extra three hours of sleep last night :D I feel so rested. Time to get up and get ready for work.
that moment when you feel your phone vibrate && have no notifications<<< o.O
RT THIS if you will buy an poster from if he makes some(: YOU GOT TO RT THIS THOUGH
Slew of great books purchased for school from Chop Suey Books. Hope I won't be the only one who wants to read them.
Lovin it outside right now
The number one mistake in a relationship ive made is taking things too fast. slow and steady!
Going to get our workout on later cuz we cool like that
...thx...sending 2day info of the play from Centennial Productions.
Yes, I'm aware of that. You don't have to point it out.
i hate him
Somebody robbed in Lawrenceville.
RT : old news, but I just saw #THATCamp Bay Area alum is first US employee.
Thanks! See you then! RT Come out to the meeting July 14th.. Come be a part of the solution
Science to get interesting today. Our groups get to set up their experiments today. YEAH finally!
OMG THANK YOU SIS!
We are planning for July 21st! National Hot Dog day. Two for One hot dogs that day at Relish!
LAN party@ the House Party. Team Fortress2 & Left4Dead2! Kill zombies with like-minded players! #seehelenparty11 Sign up in Rm. 1193.
I can't wait to make a Malaysia/Hong Kong video compilation. Some great memories were made.
No, , you are wrong!
on this day, April 21, 2011, Skynet became self aware and was the beginning of machines taking over the world.
Gonna take me a hot bath and then watch Contraband. <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT The new #Hyundai #Elantra is impressive. Exceptional value, refinement, nice design. VW, Toyota - you're under attack.
The worst part about politics is that you're always right and no one ever knows it.
How's business been so far? The staff at JSL need to make a trip to check out the brews!
Practice is going very well. Kind of surprising seeing we haven't played the set in about 6 months. :)
That's great news!
Exceeding Expectations: "romance, mystery, suspense." Review & author interview http:www.//booksfromthepurplejellybeanchair.blogspot.com
oh NHL 11 and Wii slapshot are awesome! The wii version is a blast!!
And so it begins...my adventures in MANILA without POREOTICS...time to explore! =] -Chad Mayate
spotted: #flyingdog t-shirt @
I HONESTLY THINK NO ONE CAN OUT-DRINK ME !!!!
Awww thx!! December needs to come soon! Where do u stay downtown? =)
Haha, funny! Can't believe that was 12 years ago now! :s
Interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
sup dong man?
I'm goin back to Cali Cali Cali....I'm goin back to Cali....LA HERE WE COME!
Y U NO TWEET?
RT : You are living in a dream of your own creation. Let it be the dream of a lifetime, for that is exactly what it is.
Did you guys film the finale today?!?
love your avi!!
RT Q from audience on #highered advocacy role in #PellFuture. Flanagan says we need to work together w/ a big message
Good for you... I am trying to get my routine going, yet again.. not that I take many weeks off of exercise outright.
Thanks for RT...I enjoyed reading about your "Creative Neighborhood Fund" concept & incentive model for the
that's the plan Repeat or die trying.
a tiny touch for the keeper and he goes down. never had control of the ball and was going away from goal.
Thanks for tweeting, Mr Penguin. Hope your hordes of fans and admirers will enjoy it as much as we hope they did!
Thoughts on Miami Dolphins trading Brandon Marshall to Chicago Bears ???
CONTEST: Name 3 out of 4 Real World/Road Rules Challenges that participated in! EMAIL your answers to
I love when...he talks to me nd doesn't have a clue that I like him<3
Enjoying a post-conference respite with the PRO-ED team!
appreciate #courtcommuntiyservice workers - they are hard workers!
New found glory hole
people seem mean lol and it's like nothin out here!
Trust the Lord with all your heart; seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take. <3
Know how I know #Cubs fans are clueless? They go nuts when Izturis makes an out as if getting Izturis out is an accomplishment.
#herworld congratulations. The book and shaun;s message are so great. Thanks for attending
Thanks for helping make the night a success!
Depends how you define wealthy RT “Do we want to keep giving tax breaks to wealthiest Americans like me, or Buffett, or Gates?”
Bag of redbulls, ice and tablecloth, it's going to be a fun night,
Hope it is all for the good. Speaking of good, I think I'm almost in good enough shape to keep up with you now!
daniels at my casa~
Happy fat tuesday!! Need to figure out what in giving up for lent!!
Holy hell- biggest traffic clusterfuck on State at 94. Good thing I'm early?
I can't wait! I have 2 lines :)
i heard is gonna perform on s.n.l this week!
Preach T.Dot RT Never let a bad situation from your past hinder your current blessing(s).
ill speak. How are ya mr chad?
watching "The Blind Side" reminds me just how much I miss football season...
I tell my mom I'm hungry and all I get in return is "hi, I'm mom, nice to meet you hungry!"
Shout out to the
way too long..will you join me at niteowl upon my arrival home?
I'm sending lots of love and a huge hug to you. I know tomorrow will be a better day.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Wow, must have missed that and what prompted it RT : Last week, I believe.
We hear its snowing like crazy over by the PCC Sylvania campus right now!
are you from the east
Also, can you talk a bit about the role babytalk plays in your character-building? Seems wike Scwandy cwouldn't stop.
my #StarPlayer is me!!
#Netanyahu on video: sounds like James Earl Jones, and Ilike it.
Women need preventative care!
LMAO.... WOW ": if you listen to boosie you're a heaux & word to Jesus sandals you probably smoke black n mild & drink 40's"
#BecauseofObama stupid people think the american economy can run on green energy.
Durant showing why he is going to win the ring. Keep your MVP bitch
Thanks, buddy. P.S. Was sorry to hear about your divorce. I've been there, hope it wasn't too rough on ya.
Almost off the air...so ready to chill in front of a television that I can't...well...I can't f***ing wait.
Brewing my coffee and it's off to work!!!!!
Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it.
We gotta start believing in ourselves and trust in God...
I'll tell you when I see you
Let's go Hoosiers!!!
Productive and insightful day of discussions for #rethinkmusic via Twitter, and lots of writing done. Feel accomplished. also tired.
Got a watch! But drew a squiggly line sideways. Oh well. Can't win 'em all.
check out the book food matters. its a quick read with lots of gems of inspiration to eat better. loved it!
white collar, pretty light entertainment.
Women notice EVERY little thing so be careful what you say and do.
Man, I was counting on you to disagree with my favorite. Thanks for nothing!
- Great Jake's Take today. Have about 500 Starting Lineups in my parent's basement and the '93 Todd Day @ my desk.
Feeling pretty good today. Lots of things to be grateful for.
Window's open, thermistat goes up, that's how it works... Jackass
On campus at Ole Miss...makes me homesick for Missoula.
I absolutely love
Watching "Army Wives" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
but thus bs he was driving like an ass
nope, but ah thats one of my favorite movies!!! AND OMG, LETS GO SEE IT!!!!!!!!! haha
Attn:gamers! Now the world can know what you already do-video games engage the brain! See Tom Chatfield on TEDTalks
Hi Craig, like to share how much people LOVE Ford w/ Kanjoya's emotional tool & how well you connect w/ users. Follow me 2 DM?
You know, I need to develop the thumbnail habit. Perhaps I don't do it because so far I have worked mainly from photos.
Youth Court this Saturday! Keep warm till then!
Claudia Magana, student at UC Santa Cruz (SLUG LIFE!) & Prez of UC Student Assoc, testifying: Fee hike proposal WILL result in addtl protest
that sounds fantastic!! I am DM back now!
“One of the most desirable tools needed in the promotion of economic development is a safe and secure environment. I will support and...
as a longtime fan in the Chi, any way to get on the guest list for Saturday?
He talks like he accepts it all but he's wondering why I don't do something to get him out.
The world needs more ziplines.
not ringin any bells
thanks for driving traffic to #HRSW booth 412!
If he needs 2 nights off, then rest him Friday. He's 1-for-4 lifetime vs. Shaun Marcum
have there been imposter problems in seattle?
I think I know who it is (; darn.... you'll call dibs now haha
So Joe Biden says he's comfortable with gay marriage. I bet santorum could change his mind.
was @ Wrinkle in Time and got free stuff.
YES PLEASE!!!!! <3 and i dont have my phone but il tex u off of jakess phone! ily!
umm that's what you think.
As much as I am now rooting for Team Czech for gold, I'll call it: Finland, Czech Republic, Slovakia.
The show begins in 1 hour! Can't wait to hear your screams...and laughter. =)
Wow, Rome...you've hit a new low of self-promotion. Get over yourself.
I go sunshine on a cloudy day <3
not sure if you're being sarcastic or.....hahahah
I like that all of your pictures are 4 score and 100 lbs ago......
just got chocolate from a student as a thank you for some help, made my day!!
Awesome time at #moxiecon. Cool meeting so many awesome people!
you tried RKC, come try the Kettlebell Cardio workshop/certification ANYTIME on us! would love to get your input on it.
Encouraging to see The Smithsonian represented here. They are presenting 3D tech exhibits!
the ball beat the runner... ball always wins.
Good morning! What will you be singing today?
Having things in common with the person u like is great,but being exactly like eachother is not good for u, u have to be a little diffrent
Aww thank you! :D
That awkward moment when you are commenting on someone's "cute little girl" when it's actually a boy.......
Aren't we perky this morning! Have a good one!
I tend to test people on their loyalty, honesty, and how real they are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You should go, it's seriously the best time ever
wats good peoples
Getting back to my roots with some event planning and budgeting today
Awww ya mad?
Bush econ adviser Lindsay giving patronizing lecture about fiscal responsibility at #EconSummit. Truly nauseating.
I am diggin' my purple glitter mani ;)
So when the senior prank?
just said Paul McCartney was more successful solo than with the Beatles. I can't believe he's allowed to breathe my air.
Four Weeks today and I'll be in #Baku for @ Eurovision. Five weeks to go till we know where next years holiday will be!
how's everyone's memorial day going? hopefully ya'll enjoying the weather and cooking out
Is throttling my data usage. This is complete bullshit. Hope they like FCC and Utilities Commission complaints.
Do you prefer to categorize your work as "projects" / "studies" / "work" / "portfolio" / or something else?
Sweet! In your in-box.
“ Me:i don't like him, i don't like him i dont like him, i don't like him, i dont like him. Friend:yes u do. Me:(sigh)i know :(”
Apple says 80% of U.S. hospitals "testing or piloting iPad."
Giordanos stuffed pizza is phenomenal. I ate WAY too much!
WOAH. I went outside for like an hour earlier today and I actually got some tan :)
The more I delve into UX Design, the more intrigued and fascinated I become. A change in my career path may be in the works.
... Good times. Thanks for moderating the fun panel Michael!
theater performance last night kicked ass motherfucker!
Gotta get out dis house.its depressing. I'm ready to go to six flags
brings back two for Tuesdays on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM on wtju.net
hug on your behalf. xD
I see u tryna get sum fame cause u ova dere whoopin ya boy smh
#DidYouKnow that 90% of people will not go past the 3rd page when conducting an online search?
Miss you.
says i only have 1998
I just want to thank him for all the hard work he does for us loyal fans and for others. He's sweet, but a bit unperceptive.
So excited to see tonight :)
We missed the one at Lodge a couple weeks back.
a yea we gon leave to do dat Miami show thurs morn delta ill hit u wit details later
i dont know any food other that arroz y frijoles.
Hope you all have an incredible day!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
question about the clothing store wet sealFamily Encyclopedia - wet seal
Of course-a great prospectus. Funny-I think since I included links, Wordpress thought it a spam comment. Cindy was confused!
Haven't been in a few weeks. Check out that free putting green?
what are you so happy about?
So sorry for your loss. And good for you for taking a day off. I am convinced that we do not give ourselves ample time to grieve.
Putting in the elbow grease.
Ah, you rule! Thank you!
Fuck! I NEVER have time for a fuckn nap! They ALWAYS want me too do stuff around! Ugh... fuck you lazzy ass fuck! ugh!
I work with a ex bank robber .. Dude is the nicest guy you'll ever meet . Never would have thought lmao
Oh. 12 is old. My cat's 11. Sigh. Sucks pets have to get old!
awww thanks! And of course you are
ok but follow me please please please
Sad face :( and Happy face :) at the same time Lol sorry about the whole marching band thing but atleast you hopefully had fun
lol I wanted to go but idk I died hah
Thanks for the congrats and RTs!
So excited that is tweeting! Be sure to follow him - he's the man! Thank you Jared! #SharePoint P.S. Live chat Thurs 11am PST
#Fletcher: our roads are in terrible condition, there's a cost to business, people & cyclists
Absolutely not. Never do a deal like that without the card in hand and always base it on present information.
Kodak party, not a bad way to kick of my night.
Is it just mine, or do all HTC Evos have terrible battery lives. Mine won't make it through the day - it just starting beeping to be fed.
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up!
so the playwright is good enough to create a text you want to produce but not good enough to listen about world?
I'd love too... Just can't schedule anything for a while. Hmft.
RT : "No matter who U love or what god U worship you can still pursue URown happiness.I will join you every step of the way."
callback for what?
What a great morning !! might just about be my new hero!! Hilarious table read
I'm thinking June. June, and Printer's Row Lit Fest in Chicago. Yes, yes it's all clear now. Chicago.
You can sign up in either Bakehouse!! It's easy and free!
o i c! are you busy this saturday because i was thinking about taking you guys swimming with me because philk is on a trip.
Follow my music twitter!
Looking for some help #converting the beautiful #PDF of our anthology to #Kindle. Help?
Lastly, acknowledge the moment and process what's happening, so you can move onward into the future!
If you still have neon lights under your car, you need to get slapped in the face.
Be quiet
Bout to roll this paper<U+2708> & go back to sleep,slick hangover
I love Thunder storms !
GOOD NIGHT BEAUTIFUL
On a call with debbie :p
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3
ur welcome. n yes u do on ur last tweet
better learn not to beat up your girlfriend then to call out pacman
Finally off work!?
“The Truly Educated never Graduate.”
thanks for the follow. Welcome us 2 the neighborhood & Twitter! Cafe41 & pizzeria is right down street from john street dorms!
Joe Negri along with Jeff Grubbs & Tom Wendt tonight at Jazz at Andys at the Fairmont Pittsburgh...7-10pm. Stop on by!
crossed the line w/ the Ryan Dunn "joke." is a real nice guy and he didn't even give you a courtesy chuckle.
Big S/O to and his session!!
I'm thinking #1 on on the charts good!!!
New Order!! My 80s faves! Digging these blasts from my past. So trippy!
Mahomies who wants to be in the video for Austin:)????????
connor maynard's voice is gorgeous.
By hoops do you mean planking on top of the rim?!
you got it??
An eleven-year old Steve Martin shows up as Disney employee around two minutes in- his first ever uncredited screen appearance.
This is all we poor women can do...Prepare yourself for usefulness & devote all your powers to the service of God.
Thats wonderful, god bless ;)
I wanna stay up all night and do it all with Harry ;)
Turn wounds into wisdom
I hope T.O. gets a Dr. Phil tattoo... preferably lower back.
I Lovee The Attention From Females. That's Just Mee
in the words of Fred Armisen in #Portlandia, flash mobs are OVER!
DONT GET IT TWISTED IM ALL IN WITH #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th... WONT ANYONE WORK HARDER THAN #ENYGMA....... BUT S/O TO #SYE .. THEY IN THIS HOE
Thinking about it I used to eat 2 steaks a omelette and pancakes when we went to ihop for breakfast and finish it with 2 ojs
I never knew the NBA had a first 2 weeks anyway.
the new changes seem scary, but it always seems to work out
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement. -Peter Drucker
LOL! RT: You better get on that diet then. Nothing says "funny" like you in a speedo. Thanks. ;)
I didn't even know I needed to learn it when I arrived :) thanks for the tweet and the kind words!
Haha that is so much cooler than the real meaning.
Watching performance on SNL he did fantastic but can some1 please tell me who his backup singer is HOT DAMN!
ya you know me!
hungover + helicopter flying = "helicopter goes down" on the 5 o'clock news!
When you write down your goals, you are nine times more likely to follow through. HT
is yu coming over my crib toma?
and the true good of the woman who can never, in any circumstances, find fulfilment in the decision to abort."
My wish is seriously coming true that I made back in April
never could why not? don&#39;t talk to me without a lawyer u lying piece of shit
you are welcome, I would like to pick your brain when you are available in regards to my business
Visiting my parents this wknd & I'm srsly bringing a jacket I want my mom to iron so I can bring it home all nice. Some things never change.
RT : Thanks! glad you liked the photo :) < love it. thanks 4 sharing
you are in our prayers McCord. we love you!!
": someone needs make a song called take it to the face" VerseFrom"TakeItToThaFace" OnYoKneezGrabMyWast,AndTakeItToThaFace..lol
I'm just blunt
Im just saying you could do better.
OUTLANDISH, LEAR Gang
#grateful for time with friends, good food, good wine and conversation! Thanks P&K for a great time yesterday!
Went with Mom to her job today. I'm done my classes/schoolwork for today and I'm so bored. Blehh >.<
Wow thank you! Glad ya dig it!
Went to firemoutain
and if by the off chance you are dieting mix with a little kettle one. that stuff is like water when it comes to calories
Lmfao ! The conversation I'm having with this Kik Team Bot! XD
Heh, you tell me when. I need a haircut.
Gerd and I are on a ride to Genoa. Beautiful weather fir motorcycle ride.
Bout to sell my body. It's hard out here.
Well congrats, my friend! Upward and onward.
RT : 63 players made the cut at The Masters. The last time 63 made the cut? Fred Couples won the tournament.
Can it be Saturday already?
And how many of those supposedly "iconic" #1 Rihanna singles (half of which are collabs) exactly memorable? Umbrella, das it.
Wow, we've reached over 1,600 fans! Thanks for liking us :)
No different than Hillary did when Bill was called the first black president.
I hate driving next to semis on the highway
Tonight I am in an idc attitude with her
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 62F OVERCAST
gotta love the #FollowFriday even though it's Sunday! Thanks!
too bad. It's not a very good book...or fan fic...mine are way better.
The Black Swan Lake Placid
So some of my friends keep tripping balls cause I talk to the girl they hate WE'RE NOT EVEN FRIENDS CALM YOUR TITS.
Jealousy and hate are two diff things. They were good dogs, btw. RT ppl were hating Vick long b4 the dog issue
u mad
Major in what you love :-D
BK, we go theological. “: God's own borough.”
#imissthe90sbecause it had the best TV shows ever...
": #20factsaboutme 8) around christmas all i wear is feetie pajamas. they be cozy!"
It's #yoga and a healthy breakfast for me this morning! How are you getting energized for the new week?
Me too. Wow. RT : I was gonna stay up to watch the #lakers vs #okcThunder. Nope ...what....a letdown.
no tweets lady… Shy? See you Tuesday!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend, get that Christmas shopping done already!
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. - Henry Ford
I'm ready!
true mahomies will RT this and follow me! :)
Tweet tweeting it up now!
Bought a new toaster today...wasnt hungry 4 toast but I still made some. Why do we feel compelled 2 use the new appliance when it gets home?
OK Google Offers . . . time to unsubscribe, i'm tired of you cluttering my inbox.
Love you hard!
Tiger expressed every sentiment that we have in our Inside/Out line of greeting cards.
Get it gurl. RT : 300 miles so far in 2012... might just be able to pull off this 1000 mile goal.
On the flight over the pond to duch land a group of kids drank their body weight in beer... Yikes!
The action shot! Me, recovering from the publishing experience, hoping to write something soon. What about u?
is PP toe ok? its a 100% sure he is playing tomorrow?
my baby will be 2 on the 19th...we've been so wrapped up in buying a house we haven't been planning much. I feel horrible
Dear Penn State Rioters, You're all a bunch of jerks. Put it in perspective. Love, The Rest of the World
i honestly thought that said my abs are working again... >.>
I can't wait to see you on Friday.
Gas prices $3.05, interest rates on the rise, house sales sluggish, life as a Realtor is a challenge! But come on economy, let's rumble!
Making a denist appointment tomorrow
ah sookie sookie! Not really. I don't know why I just said that.
I'm wearing clear soles and it starts raining... When I leave, its barefoot
Absolutely have experience with it, its an unbelievable tool and depending on the city, can be much more cost effective.
Other value plays: Bears +6-1/2 vs the Saints and Bengals +5 vs the Broncos.
thx for the mention! "Real girls drink real beer"
I cannot pass Goes To Japan level 2 for nothing!
Season 3 of "Louie" premiers on June 28th
It's not that easy...we're still a district full of young kids that we need to look out for. We can't block some and not others.
I wonder who was assigned to cheap shot Ron Artest when the refs aren't looking
follow your heart in this case Nate.
Dad tell he'll know what to do. RT “: only have 1 follower, have to figure out how to get more.
you coming tomorrow night?
I mean lexi
Also my girl is now old enough to know if shes not eating what others are.So had to bake cupcakes tonight for party tomorrow
i love how everyone looks sad while Mikey is holding up the peace sign (:
networking? I heard your song
got it. Love variety, so prob will check it out. Thanks for mentioning it!
Baby feeding me cookies
#FF Mr. Troll King :nails:
Back off bitch
this place is cool..upscale Italian restaurant upstairs..then lowkey a really fun sports bar feat beer pong downstairs
Mr. D would like to offer you a free dozen donuts or a 1 pound bag of coffee. Tell the employees who you are to receive your prize!
Takes extraordinary restraint to watch #DrPhil and not scream "you idiots thought it a good idea to solve your problems on national TV?"
Amazing feeling having one nostril stuffed..blowing your nose..and a huge clunker flying out.
How are you getting ready for finals?
