Joe Biden doing twitter interview tomorrow. Sounds risky. Is this where he sticks foot in mouth so bad that Hillary gets the VP nod?
Mayweather won last night?
Wide awake at 3am
There are only 12 notes. They are all good. You can play note you want at any time; just put the right heart and feeling inside it.
For sure. : This is the kind of injury that makes me realize online poker should be LEGAL
We are here! We are here! :)
ASO is looking for PERFORMERS for our annual FASHION SHOW on 21st April. Contact us at if you have something to share!
you deserve it! U did a great job at JRM and earned what u have gotten! It will be hard to replace ur desire...
As long as it's good, I'll watch it. xD
Hey! #great working with you yesterday. #Follow back
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to live without them.
win a FREE spray tan from Bronze Sunless Tanning! DM us 2day!! happy monday
The hardest part of this business, is minding your own :b
Facebook: don't mass invite & remember your photos are public
Working on my cafepress newsletter - coming out this week....
RT : "The big story, obviously, tonight is Kobe Bryant's liquid excretions."
Oh, the magic of Daylight Savings Time. I actually get to see the light of day after work.
and tx again for hosting today. He has 2 other meet/greets B4 ur house.
working on it still. Who was that person u said to ask for a intro again
Name 3 things you do the govt does not regulate. Can't can you. Had enough? Vote for smaller govt at all levels.
Watching The Sitter.
you're welcome sweetheart!, you too
Working on selecting our holiday cards. Can’t believe it’s that time again!
i can't imagine what his mom is feeling..knowing this guy wasn't even really questioned.This is the town i lived in for 10 yr
we r tha EDGAR ALLEN POES...PICASSOS...CALVIN CLEINS...of our generation...nd u dnt wanna give us credit??? ...aw hell no
I think I'm going mostly old school at warped tour this year. I am definitely seeing Chunk, TGI and A loss for words
When will open access to technology tools in schools be driven by conceptions of digital citizenship, and not fear. I live in hope
Were you watching her on Wendy? She's gorge! It's crazy she's worth $46million!!!
History in the making ? has struck out 7 of 9 he's faced and those 7 K's are an active consecutive streak.
DELL T8262 Optiplex Desktop Board Motherboard | talk!
I wish you could too.
Shut down the video camera and now everyone is eating, laughing, and yelling around the table.
When reblogs a picture and says "I have a great ass."
Someone txt me
! Aye Foo Lets Work
you said you were thinking about me <3 ahahahaha jk
“Keep your eyes wide open before marriage; half closed afterwards.” Nice.
those moments when i feel so important to you and like i mean everything <3
I sent you a link
As does Venntive. If your database is still under 2K, I'll match MC. Do you know the CEO of MC?
Yes! win!! Most of my family went for the bulls and I'm the only #Sixers fan! They're gonna hate me :)
In Utero => In the uterus
If I was 6'10 and has a 37.5 inch vertical I'd be dunking all over everyone too. But I ain't calling any names #BlakeGriffin. Lol.
What's up! Merci Beaucoup for following!
- you two are doing a great job today. I love listening to you both. Keep up the good work ! :)
Sometimes my phone distracts me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Look for suppliers of e-books in DRM free formats such as epub
Amazing! I have shared it with my LBJ colleagues.
Dude, it's mothers day & I'm at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
About to sign for my lost dog. :(
what everyone got for the weekend?
Danke! RT good luck w/the 1000!we can do this...dear friends you all need to go and follow Hydrovibe!Cuz they Rock!
-can bend over and clap mah ass cheeks haha just learned! :)
IM JUST SO TIRED.
Tryna sober up
GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION
well, I'll be at FIU the whole week(except Friday). You can catch me there after 12:30, right after class if you'd like.
Come on, they're very small. I'm a big man who works hard. Besides, I had inhaled a little and that always makes me hungry.
anybody wanna skype? no? okay bye.
On a streak of 41 and she guessed my Beyonce and Adele drawing
you can also search online for places in NYC that give out free food at happy hour. Did a post about that once too.
goodnight to you as well!
#TTOT That's a good one too.
Did the entire internet change while I was out?
I know how you feel....
U are amazing to say the least, love u
Obama thought that Romney riding around with the dog on the roof was some sort of new food truck.
Loved SMILE. Nice surprise seeing my high school in graphic novel form. Lowell looks exactly the same! cc:
Crazy how quick I go from complaining about how cold it is in my apartment, to how hot it is.
Rumors of a 4G LTE iPhone won't excite me until #cville actually has 4G LTE available. Until then, I couldn't care less.
Avoid the purple line!!! Debris on tracks...ughh and no umbrella :(
one thing that gets on my nerves the most: people with gay twitter names asking people to follow them for gay reasons
Listening to today...chillin
As psyched as I am to see Avengers tonight, I can't help but be a little bummed that Ed Norton isn't the Hulk :/
3-1 Devils!!! 3 in the third! Let's go
Springers book give aways were pretty cool
RT : “Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.” <U+2015> Garth Brooks #quote -- Debbie ()
Penelope, a, purple, June 29
Bout To Curse Her Out She Needa Watch Her Mouth !
I got basketball and then my birthday dinner
Cutest dog I've ever seen
not you of course <3
No doubt about it!!!! How far have we gone since we watched that VMI game?
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
People are crazy these days..o.0
“Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about.” - Benjamin Franklin
Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Daily Grill! Stop by for Corned Beef & Cabbage!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 279
Thanks for the follow. Love the store!
none of us stand a chance.
it takes a team check winning NBA teams at least 2 HOF players and a 3rd close. 1 player and 1 future HOF won't do
Have to do homework. -_-
Congrats to former marketing staffer Amanda Benzine selected as new Director of Marketing. Good luck
We're a that part of the show where the post show meal is now more important than the rest of my bits.
good morning America
Juggling 8 design projects - thkful for the opportunities! S/O to , , &
Another big moment in U.S. history today, the president backs gay marriage. To those who disagree with his decision: You're Wrong.
are u serious?...well yea, knowing me i'd do the same and let everyone else go nuts while i chillax lol
Good job. I was surprised how many people I did know. Hope they bring it back for every conference.
- "Rock-solid" = being the island of competence in the sea of incompetence...party on the island! : )
Dont be fooled HCG is not a miracle weight loss drug
that is awesome! :))
It's been that long since the PLoS Hubs meeting? Wow.
Tuxedo junction is packed
IM HOME BITCHES!!!!! Never been so excited to be home in my whole life.
Nothing to do today ):
A food product for the 14 -17 yr old. That tastes killer and is good for you. For marketing: target the kid? Or the mom?
aha. hey you, not much just chillllin.
The atmosphere around my life is about to change.
who puts that tablet out? Would you recommend it?
Moultrie looks like he tried to kick the back of Jones shoe at the end like we did when we were kids. Oh wait I still do that
I love you more
Lol and this day gets worse, this would happen :p
.... I believe it will be a time to explore the experience of the silence during a week-long retreat.
It's never too Late to be Happy. But it's all up to you and no one else.
RT : Our March #ynpchat starts in 10 minutes! Join me & to talk about self-care for #nonprofit professionals.
BUT WAIT, HOLD ON. JOHN FIELDS IS PRODUCING THE NEXT RECORD?!?!! THAT IS HUGE! Congrats guys!!!
it was a pleasure.... Working on something new, let's talk about it.....
congrats the shoe supporting there own …Fuego out
damn these people are really annoying
killed it on
working on "A View From The East Coast" and Crashing Broadway all day... new website will be up in a couple days :-)
Happy Monday, folks! All these beautiful smiles are making us smile=) Keep 'em coming!
then don't let it pass. Mobilize the social media networks at your fingertips and let's take control of this issue.
#Grimm remains fun, #Fringe is always cool, but will Terra Nova ever return? But Cameron will bring back Titanic to big screen? Priorities!!
Wayne turner?
So the Saints have named an interim for their interim coach while he serves a 6-game suspension of his own
#iTendTo think that 4 every problem there's a solution & 4 every solution there's a reward. If peeps focus on the solution, We'd all be good
Thank you as well! Cheers.
Never have I ever. Some guys are so rude. I'm done. I'll wait for a boy to come and find me ;)
well yes of course x)
So it's Diall. k
Lol at my rushed parking skills. I'm freaking terrible
I am as constant as the North Star... Which I can see from my house!
Is it weird that I just got hit by a cyclist and after I kicked him off his bike? Yeah that just happened.
solidarity with our friends !
#TwitterAfterDark >> Name a Famous #CelebStoner besides me..
I'm laughing so much my face hurts.
almost 600 tweets (:
Trying to sort out and categorize my tweeter feed....this is going to take a while...
hey you, text me! i got a new phone..due to the fact i got my system wiped.. so i dont have your number!!
"Wisdom is a view from on high, from the narrow path between two precipices, to extreme ideas." ~Amin Maalouf
Over Emotional People <<<<<<<<<
Goosebumps watching #mancity fans celebrate. Hope 4 repeat Saturday nite w another sky blue team, !
Back of the line for graduation. First ones done, last ones to walk. Bah.
- legit. I'm in tears & lucky to be working with such a funny dude! Holy hell!!
Rain has anyone told you that you mixed with cold weather
I won't be starting until after my econ exam tonight
Our April 18 Pop Up will include some of the neighborhoods in Seventh. We'll email you details!
Forget Superman or Batman. Take home a REAL action hero: #OscarWilde. Get your free Wilde action figure at booth 3738.
Agreed, but it's so decentralized that it's difficult for us to pull all of that info together. Best to contact div directly.
Just did a hip workout.. Tiring!!
Eric, the Web link on your Twitter profile has an error in it. Thanks for the great article!
on the lookout for eats as we speak, thanks for the hit tip ;)
so you don't know if its before or after school
Phenomenal Webinar today on "Organizational Health" with Patrick Lencioni and Dr. William Schulz, Associate Dean of Walden University.
lol dang that good.
- hookah is enjoyed in bed watching
Baby swag at the Ellen Show. Cool!
excited to be your neighbor Ghosh Master Ghosh.
instagram The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s 2012 Costume Institute Gala was the place to be in New York City last night,
Imagine that. The #PhoenixCoyotes go to OT again!
Just got some bad news....
“: I feel like I should have lived on #northdrive” I have an extra bedroom on south. It's an egg throw away for pat
I can't stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
Would you choose to improve the quality of your life? Do you want more energy? Less Pain? A more youthful appearance? LifeWave can help you!
I think I have to take 2 labs now
Like a boss. RT : Nice....Egnew to Miami
someone tell me what to do
Awesome goal! I recently got a camelback water bottle with a straw attachment. Much easier to drink extra H2O!
Select 6.1 oz t-shirts on sale now for $2.00 plus printing, thank is a savings of over $1.00!
Thank you for tweeting this!!! Revelation...confirmation!
Perfect lazy day
*continues to cry for hours*
Thanks for the heads up!
Just skyped with
Just got a copy of Susan Alcorn's "And I Await the resurrection of the pedal steel guitar" on vinyl!
been at nays left thoe
Thank you, kind sirs and madams. Always a pleasure.
its a sad,sad day ='(
awesome. I kind of had a feeling that might happen.
Someone is clipping their nails on my bus. So gross it's giving me the willies! *shudder*
where you at?!!!
aim me taken5vegas
Sounds legit :) thanks guys!
We're really excited about Projects. Can't wait to see what you think!
studying for history
Ok here's a thought for the day or what's left...... "Dam my mind went blank
Always! Unless we decide to come up there and see and the family
I'm not gay sorry about that
what in the world are you talking about
How are you relaxing on this beautiful Sunday? Let Neuwave give you many reasons to never leave your house again!
Thx for the RT! wonder if wld speak abt his choice & how that (may have) helped him succeed!
Hmm I think all girls should give they man at least one 3some
uh it says chorus but some choruses in song are like two words? Can it be that short or??
hey Hun, how you been?
I'm about to go buy that domain name. And loving the askjeeves reference.
Williams Paint Recycling is bracing for #EcoMonday!!!!!!!
-.- that nigga is something else lol .. I went to get tatted afta that lol ..
The New Literacy that started with e-mail years ago (writing & texting replacing phone talk) is being video'ed away. Swing of the pendulum.
he sounds like he's about to have a heartattack
“: It breaks my heart to see go home tonight. Do you think this was the right choice? #FashionStar”yes
Gosh I'm on level 120 on defender and I can shoot 3 bows at once hella fast. I'm on a roll.
There's always somewhere you're afraid to go, something you're afraid to say, & someone you're afraid to lose
Visit our locations today & get a coupon for a .25% annual percentage rate discount on your next auto loan. Valid 'til 4/30/12.
#NP What These Bitches Want ft. Sisqo
With a reunited friend at a trendy Silver Lake art show... nice lounge, Indian food, Cali wine. Is "reunited" a word? Meh. *sips* *observes*
-You know what to do RT Lets have an ugly sweater twitter contest! Whoever tweets me the ugliest sweater photo...
Our pleasure!
Looking so forward to NEW! To nothing I recognize right at this moment! Old things buried forever & New things beginning since MAY2012
Going to have ihop for the first time with my dad and my grandma
especially not on twitter.
THIS! RT Any time Kendrick Perkins touches the ball more than two feet from the rim, it's a win for the Dallas defense.
you're not missing much. apparently forgot to deliver server capacity too. . . infuriating.
im pretty sure my car needs some work done to it.. hopefully the money for it just appears under my pillow or something
Please RT! What do you think are the easy piano songs for beginners?
My friends crack me up!! Especially when they're drunk
What perfect weather for a nice walk in Irving! Join us Saturday at 10am for blockwalking, sunshine and cooler weather. 2912 N MacArthur
Thank you for the list add! RT added you to list DouglasCrets/edtech-entrepreneurs-2
Ordinary People has been on repeat since yesterday.
In Chicago visiting old friends... Loving it!!
I follow enough comedians on here. Any good and deadly serious people to follow?
RT : Thanks for making my self esteem go low. Helps so much coming from you.
Who?! The ICONic Boyz???? NO way!!
yeah had to get clean cut on them! do u like??
What up lil guy?
How many has she received?
Ugg, can't sleep :( too many random thoughts going through my head, a bit stressed
87°, glad it cooled down!
Great video shoot with Jae Feinberg!!
I didn't agree, I said Tebow, he said Brady. Just said that love was gonna die.....you a Tebow lover?
Currently our bookclub meetings are happening at ZenCha Tea House on High St. Would you rather meet at a 1.bar? 2.business? 3.home? 4.other?
(Clippers vs. Memphis) is going to be a good series.
This is too early
Ideally, enough people will figure out that work hours need to change--so it wouldn't be so wild!
ima real nigga, point blank period
Good morning from Chicago.
if you combine human behaviours (social game mechs), building behaviours (facility) over Intelen's cloud MDM 2.0, you have grid intelligence
Going to Avengers in EXT with Wall to wall screens and 3D my mind is ready to be BLOWN
Hilarious, but I think J is the 10th letter, Mr. Martin.
that's what i was waiting for - Eastwood for Pres!!!
I forgive you 77 times 7
Just chose our promos for the new ep, really excited to show you guys! Thank you for some awesome photos:).
I'd teach a man to fish but that is very time consuming. I'd rather buy him a Big Mac.
He messed up tha whole day!!
Nice: "stay hippie my friends"
No wonder it was hot, my mom turned off the a/c this morning -.-
Love, love and love you and your show!
isn't the show tomorrow night ?
Blue crabs doesnt sound as gud as dnow or king crabs bt i wont compian
Aw thanks :)
So far I've had a good BDAY
so true. Lol
Remember these five things about factoring: no per invoice fee, no application fee, no annual facility fee, no monthly fees, no admin fee
=) you're going to love it! RT : pic last night inspired me to try water marbling today.
See I Make My Money With The Dice.
Loyalty means so much
I'll forward it to you, don't think it's that interesting really, just a marketing ploy for some paid online thing, I think
well thank you very much (:
Woot, woot! MT : We love it! Our web guru <3s much more user-friendly & share-able, design rocks!
Hey baby I want that car. Hey baby I want that car-r-r. Ooohh!
I've never heard of this dude before 5mins ago
What's fun?
With the #nba #playoffs going on I def find myself cancelling plans that require spending money.
#Yahoo is dying. #Microsoft making an interesting comeback. thoughts?
Last Show of the weekend!
Welcome to the team Afif Kafena, and Tony Martinez!!!!
I messed up trying to clean my spacebar. It's more complicated than I thought to put back on. For now using the small sensor instead :(
Ladies--join us in the brewhouse upstairs tonight at 7 for bookclub! If you haven't read the book, find out what we are reading next!
RT : Great turnout today for our fifth anniversary of Project Homeless Connect - CONGRATS!!!!
#girlsjustwantto be called beautiful ^.^
Hilarious. // Hipster douche, Elite douche...? A definitive quiz to determine your brand of douchitude.
Well I am SUPER bored! SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM THIS BOREDOM! D:
The Spurs are now 26-3 this season when Tim Duncan plays 30 minutes.
multi tasking per usual I see lol ! :-)
Consistency wins the race!
Ikr ! Dose mrs. Hussy still have the video !?
Two off-leash dogs while walking Doby tonight, including some idiot and his pit bull. We're okay, but why can't dog owners follow rules?
Your doing great !! Now u need a profile pic!
Did you know: The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds... Beat that!
yea she had told me... How's life treating you though? Everything good?
Girardi ! Top tit from the ladies tee!
Happy lovely hump day
What are your favorite shows so far from NYFW?
Learn for your mistakes.Live for the life you have now prepare for the life you were meant to live
Standing in a long line at Kreuz Market...feeling like I may be full before I make it to Black's (@ Kreuz Market w/ 2 others)
DeJuan Blair is productive late in the game. He has 10 points and 5 rebounds. Gary Neal has 9 points. The Spurs lead 101-68.
more ArtPrize today, then driving home through some states I've never been to: Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc.
Understanding your soul takes time to understand who you are and what holds inside the deeper part of your being.
What?! She could get time served!? So maybe out on Thursday?!
Setup an Entourage Rule so I don't have to see any 'Here You Have' emails and can go about my business. It's amazing what people click. . .
Flea Markets should go by a more appropriate name; may I suggest "Garbage Sales"
PT/FT Business go www.likejuice.124online.com get on waiting list
I haven't seen a nice 50 yd TD bomb in a couple games. R we gonna see it against the Jets?
Loving all these #Furthur tweets! Can't wait to see my next show!
OMG I DONT WANNA SAY GOODBYE life is over - le dies 2 -
Pacers won't win the round...
the first several times! The house was kinda spooky, so until I actually saw him doing it I thought I had a co fused ghost!
Hmph. I don't think my phone wants anyone to get my texts. -.-
Flagging memory can also be compared with the fading me-nots.
Stargate Worlds, the MMO, has not been released, but Stargate Resistance has been, which is an online shooter, I just bought it.
stupid long eyelashes keep rubbing on my sunglasses
#StuPidasso is a web dev in #STL who lives life by going through the motions, until he is let go... Tune In Oct 30 for the season premiere!
r.i.p dunk
What' your "Six-Word Memoirs on Love & Heartbreak"? Mine: This Porgy has found his Bess.
i'll just focus on what is good for me like #myself, #family,#friends and not you!!!!!
You're welcome, Katie; I really enjoyed the post! Best for the week~
Thanks! Looks good by the way..
<U+2752> In A Relationship <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Drunk
This budget crisis isn’t just one year, but, will continue into the foreseeable future – and we need a plan.
Day off tomorrow!
Was wondering what that smell was. RT : It was nice seeing 5 members of the team at the gym at lunch
Great concept. It is said that we shouldn't eat anything our grandparents wouldn't recognize as food.
Meanwhile, I plan on going home and relaxing by doing laundry & cleaning! Woot!
thank you for reaching out and listening! I will follow up...
Would you have time to join sometime soon?
Then, I had a story (online) about another PIO who the city had been unwittingly promoting her business on the city website for years.
awesome suggestion. I already posted How to be a Gentleman - I'll sporadically be posting more cameos :) thanks!
Frontier Field; It's very bad. They would benefit from someone helping them to fix it. Guessing it's a draft system issue?
bahaha that's probably true. Who do you think is ganna win?
bout to partake in this insane pool party.
Brewers!! Yeah buddy!
I need coffe!yall have a great day! Peace!
shouldn't you be in school? lol :p
haha, Good call. haha. Not really. we just don't have very good pics of us working.
I think I'm going to be a rapper
hey what's going on? I tried to call you
I am ready LOL
Painted my nails. Feel like an entirely different person.
Finally found a place that delivers past 10pm! Aside from Alexa, that is the one thing I miss from New York. Yay Florencia's! =)))
What is the most random act of generosity you witnessed today?
Shooting Easter cooking vids w
gurl me too busy
yes can't wait to get my permit!
I must admit, this I Am T-Pain app has got me addicted.
My nephew Sebastian is singing Rack City by , look what you're doing lol! He's 4!
thanks Michael. Appreciate that.
Happy Monday #Kizombalovers!! Have a wonderful week!!!
Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
Turkey Tacos, Bill Frisell, and writing some new music. This is my Friday night.
all links were automatically open
Let's turn this party up to 7. We'd go higher, but it IS only Tuesday.
Calamari at Sullivan's.
My first book just came out and I'm trying to spread the word. It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
do you get that he means that or is just saying it for H-Rod's mentality?
omg.. You just gotta love wooden floors! I slide on ours all the time & I get crazy looks from my family. Haha
check out my recipes blog salsa-in-mykitchen.com
Great draft for the #Colts. Fleener is a stud.
Thursday is SPECIAL at Acme! Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Thanks to all of our fans who came out to support us this Sunday! Despite the loss (157 to 60) to London, we hope you had a great time.
President of WFL-CIO Phil Neuenfeldt speaking to crowd in Madison
Thanks so much for your support!!!
haha I think I had 2 ones in my pocket I should have gave them to her lol. Hahaha
snowing again! It is beautiful though.loving organogold green tea. It hhas 105 antioxidants!keeps the doctor away. Have some!
MURFC welcomes the reopening of Norris Field as they practice at 7p.m. this evening. Seeya tomorrow, King Field.
Thanks to all who attended our "Survivor's Raffle" on Sunday. We had around 250 attendees and gave away 100 prize packages! Fun was had!
hahaha so what's the song recommendation m
Doesn't come without it's share of stress, but I'm sure having fun. Can't complain! I see from your profile books are your life too
My pleasure! beautiful, beautiful, beautiful profile picture!!!!!
not saying either fit the bill, but need to spend to appease the masses
If you are looking to buy or sell your home contact us to learn how our current market will effect you. www.TheOertelGroup.com
They are the only things keeping me here right now
mikey has defined cheekbones. As weird as that sounds. LOL
Like the Cleveland Museum of Art idea of sharing- can be with ppl in group, w/ museum, w/ others using the app later.
yeah how long has it been since y'all have been talking?
Congrats to the #Kings on sweeping the #Blues. This team looks unstoppable
Dont be hating, #Avengers is going to rock it. The joke is going to be on you when it's crosses
Yeah no problem! :)
RT : All star night at 's open mic: Tony Nickolas, Adryelle, ilyAIMY, Charm City Social Club, the Great Outdoor Fight... Wow!
just had a listen to the podcast. I'm glad you enjoyed the panel, sorry about the teen wolfers.
I can't live my life always backing down.
Thalassophobia: an intense and persistent fear of the sea. It's so vast and dark and overwhelming!
I really need a good blog or article page to look up events for vegas cuz im missing out on alot of stuff. I didnt even know Harlem was here
Panic on this coke commercial!
Cant wait to go shooting in april
Hey where did you get an Android from?
is feeling much better now, thank you! :>)
Why the hell am I watching Cheech and Chong's Next Movie? I can't muster up the strength to change the channel...
Are you waiting for Patio weather at Label 7? Open for lunch from 11:30-2:00 Tues-Sat!
I guess A&M will just have to organize one, then! :)
If my mom ever heard the music i'm listening to right now..
'm 10h year at the Isotopes Ball Park! Come get your art on opening day April 13th. Booking for private parties available ever ...
Uggla is money! Thank you.
what's your favorite TSP song? c:
You know you a Ray Lewis & Ed Reed Fan son!!! LoL
And why is he looking back??
Happy birthaday >>>>>>>>>>>>>> HAVE SWEET DAYS IN FRONT OF U LOL
I..um...I just ate a sea cucumber.
is packing for NYC!
Thanks for sharing! Happy Chinese New Year!
I would also be satisfied with deliveries of cheese.
Cabo San Lucas All Inclusive $599 for the week at major Resort! Based on Dbl Occupancy. Call Toll-Free 888.384.4888
I hate putting clean clothes away
I've got my editor working on it--will send when ready. Thanks for participating in Touring Ohio!
CBS 58 has team coverage this morning, from the exclusive iCam and in Wauwatosa and west of Milwaukee
Thanks for the RT!
Doug Larson Success is 10% inspiration, 90% last-minute changes.
If you really love her you'll let her go instead of leaving her heartbroken...leave some love for a real man too sweep her off her feet
>>>> ok >> send yo email again
Back to #ArgoTea!
I just hung up on Michael because "God must have spent a little more time on you" came on the radio.
Streaming Live Tonight @ The Mezzanine In San Francisco CA, Lots Of Bands And Some Amazing Music Login www.iBand.me show starts 7pm pst
That is worth every penny.
RT #Virgo never makes the first move.
We know that image uploading is currently not working, and we're working on the problem. But you can edit text still, so please do!
Thank you for the like, Betty Huth! We like you, too!
Why is leah still talken to me though?
When I leave this world I want to have no regrets
thats what googd my dude.you peep the new video?
I also did not consider the posting to fb from twitter.
The fact that aint no "corner stores" in beverly. <<<<<<<<<<<<
RANDOM THOUGHT UPDATE: Im a Funky MOnkey, So give me a banana!!!!
I am obsessed w/ conquering something in a w/out. Going now to 60 min of sprint training + core. 2nd time today. Good workout!
I was tired earlier... Now I'm wide awake..
so much for my happy ending.
A woman doesn't need a perfect man. She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is and make her feel special.
Hey now I've eaten grilled and it was good <33
lol why do you go on chatroulette but not skype me, not cool dog
Love a day off.
Fucking come on Miami.. Come on.
@ Big Tomato Pizza Miami Springs Sunday special Buy ANY 2 Large Pizzas get a Large Cheese Pizza FREE!! Open Sundays Noon - 6 PM
Here's hoping that going backwards is really just a running start.
I need to learn Spanish
Saw Renee Fleming last night for $9 (Thanks, BSO rush tickets!!). That girl can sing!
I'm off the book cus that shit getting annoying. Lol
Today's Get Energized tip: Be sure to power down all computers when not in use.
what's the issue? Let us know if you need assistance w anything.
Thanks for the heads up bro. We need to get that guitar sesh in soon and maybe a trip to Fenway
Ayyeeee BOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY! HE COMING OUT IN THE END! Me and Jeezy about to make it rain tonight!
that's a good one lott
Standing next to Pauly D right now!
whats going on out there?
Ima be successful or die tryen I got to be I got 2 cuz I can't live pay check to pay check
Tonight is Ladies Night!!! $3 wines and $5 Three Olive Drinks. Come by and have a drink..
is it that obvious? Not drunk ...tipsy..:)
Oh, what?! That's what's up! Wish I was in town for that bcuz I'll be in town next weekend for grand opening on site
Very interesting post. I've found it harder & harder to get into schools over yrs. Agree w/ break inhouse prgrms for outreach.
Thank You Ole ( :
"Today I went shopping . . and talk is still cheap."
oh shit, well to apply to an ivy league & some UCs you need to subject SATs.
It's getting warmer outside
All schools and offices will open at regular times. Buses may be running late in some parts of town. Please use caution getting to school.
I wish all of my problems were solved.
You're effing kidding me.
:) great song
Trade show season is approaching fast! Come see us now for your promo items. We love working with our fellow Delawareans!
winky wink bum bum
TONIGHT - $2 you call it for service industry workers. Request S.I.N. cards at the bar.
i mean come on, it's RAY.
it really doesn't matter much, more about what order I'm putting it on a resume
It's called watch the news haha but do you wanna text me?
A/C is on again ~ back to 80s in Florida!
seriously thinking about breaking out the 'ol toe paws!!!
Attn Food Trucks! We have a limited number of spots this year and we are filling up! Get your application in to reserve your spot ASAP!
Likewise. Thanks for the ride! See you tonight!
Another focused 'special performance' from du Soleil in #drupa hall 8b! Now it's happy hour - join us
First NHL hockey game at Washington Capitals: Pumped to see the Caps crush Jersey!
Can you DM me your email so I can send you info on the recorking promotion we're now offering for Downtown Miami residents?
People who reply to long, well thought out texts with "k".
that's great, how many days a week are you going for?
i dont get how this thing works...
:D Yeah, it should be fun!
having one of those days with my eyes where I think I am gonna need to find a non-computer based line of work.
producing Xtc bridge 4 she's got the falsetto voice she didn't know she had!? Chorus left to do.
Imma regret this n the morning!!
Good idea. Maybe I'll try that...
These damn kids on this bus are giving me a serious headache I NEED SOME HEAVY DRUGS
Look, liberals. Romney would do things differently than Bush/Cheney. For example, he would waterboard people with Aqua Velva.
I get Mac fans and all, but you seriously look like a giant tool bag if you need an iPhone case with a circular cut out to show apple logo.
ok, i just woke up and need to get some funny shirts drawn up that i dreamed about...anyone have some good Shirt Ideas?
RT : Oh, you have long hair? Let me guess, you don't care.
Aw man! Thank god it didn't go through!
Average age of Aircraft Techs at FedEx is 56 years old. Now is the time to earn your Associates Degree and A&P Certification
Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go.
oh man... What a let down. We are really sorry about that. We are still getting up and running over here!
u must have the wrong number or didnt place area code in front b/c i never received anything from you. I text u 2 & no response
You guys have no idea how happy that news made me. :)
-- Thanks! Playing some of this next week via
Hey, just like the REAL Daniel Johnston has! Cool!
SALSA DANCE Cruz is going to heaven. i had risen and my prediction for him as much as much as much to?
wait what?
I heard this story first on BBC radio! I was like, how far inland from Mexico border does it have to be to become US news? Crazy!
2peoplethatbelongtogether Chris Brown & Rihanna
BiPolarMoment: Using Shania Twain's "Up Up Up" as ipod therapy session. Can only go up from here.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 42
I fuk with kobe but im a Celtics nigga #RayAllen all day
that's alright. There will be more!
Admit that your own private Mount Everest exists. That is half the battle.
Does that mean you can take everything in the mini fridge? Might be worth it (in Las Vegas term, anyway)
yes if you are up for a nightcap it is on ;)
randomtwitterhour? i had a dream about you last night. like no joke. i was at ur believe tour concert & you touched my hand!
This dude asked me "Are you the building manager? Someone said a black guy was sweeping the carpet and he was the building manager."
#Celtics finally the celtics are catching up!
What do I want for my #birthday ? For you to like my page on facebook!!!
Looking for new start ups, drop me a line
ROYCE WHITE!!! What do you do to stop this guy??!!
hahaha if that's what you call it .. Drink drink drink
shut up and eat your double double baby. We gotta get to sausage making.
Parcells not likely to head to N.O. Confirmation on that is pending.
Thank you for the congrats on our campaign. It really helps our students.
Focus group participants must have child between ages of 1-4, not enrolled in elem/pre-K & live on North or West side of city
Totally agree RE: bullying. But what were you picked on for?
I had two ex's get engaged last month. I agree, this needs to stop. It's that time of the year though.
...and when you wake up ready to say, I'll think I'll make a Snappy new day! (BJ Thomas and Mr. Rogers) often in my head.
If you can't be good, at least be fast.
Never been so excited to get in bed and eat chicken noodle soup
no warmer than here. San francisco > milwaukee
sides sides and more sides! so many sides it could be a hectogon.
Please don't blindside me....
Your PreMed? Thats cool...What are you trying to major?
Yarn Evil 9
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
what's the wow? about
Thank you for following. Interested in help you can provide my clients in the San Diego area, with Estates, Wills, Trusts.
Awesome!! Can't wait. Great time to visit the District.
Office Space moment. Um.
Fulltone Clyde is the best Wah I've ever used. I did a comprehensive wah shootout a few weeks ago at the shop...
Why is there a direct correlation between cold weather and dumb hats. Cover your head/ears and be happy. Nonconformists all conforming....
Ok Runyon... SUBMIT!!!
Check out the Beverly Hills Cannabis Club. A new social networking site for VIP stoners :-) Cheryl Shuman is rocking in BH.
no matter how many times your Fantasy Baseball team wins you are still a loser
Fall for the hood girls, fuck over the good girls
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
lifting the ban on condolences is a positive thing.
You’re not alone, I'm always there for you
Hopefully all good!
It is a little like suggesting it is okay to be "moderately dishonest."
thanks! It was great seeing you and JJ, you guys are dynamos!
Puddles of water in the streets. And it's still raining. Love the coolish weather!
Smh at people who think they understand my reasoning WITHOUT even discussing it with me
Delivering lunch to all you :)
dude!!!!! I KNOW!!! what do you think? real aliens or hoax? or option c!
sometimes its hard to get an answer on my phone, she don't like Wikipedia.
Meh, it doesn't matter, in the end.
Yay! I haven't coughed for the past 10 secon.... nevermind. I love my allergy/flu/cold/bronchitis/altered-beast. Thanks a lot Germ Fairy!!!
RT Tomorrow @ 6am NYPD w/ Bloomberg's backing will try to shut down #occupywallst.I condemn both. A crime against liberty.
Rick Siskey – Remember to eat the proverbial elephant one bite at a time.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty I hope they don't start shooting
My goal is to get all of Austins crew to follow me.
- With everything he has been through it really is a good story.
Cut impressions make confessions
Use things not people, love people not things.
Me too!! RT : It's gotten to the point where I just tear up reading the headlines for these videos....
I think I need to go to parallel parking school...or am I the only woman that suffers this affliction?!!
Just found love with honey whiskey
Student, SIFE to develop aquaponics project - College Heights Herald
Add me on facebook Reece Gymshoes Lee
RT #Obama to #Univision: "Until the Republicans have a nominee, we don’t have a campaign" #Really?
Yes I got help from Will the store mgr. Placed my flooring order too. thks
Which station is and his election party watching for results... FOX 12.
French Fries are a love-hate relationship. How you doing with it?
I'm off today. Lots to do. Going to get a run in first.
So, if you have an #ssrn account, please try to log into it now and see if you get in, or get an error message. Thanks!
justin and selena forever
Also, the Blu Kennedy + Kennedy Carter BYE
I was going to go to #goldcup, but then I remembered I look ridiculous in those big floppy hats...le sigh.
Hey Guys! I'm playing in San Diego next Monday night @ Tin Can Ale House 9pm! I'll see Y'all there! -BAC
So excited to celebrate Charlie and Sydney Herbst at our annual Derby Party Saturday, May 5, in Cape Girardeau!
yw. I need to learn more about the #GTeam. Anything you can share with us? :)
Carl was a GREAT facilitator/guide for Insightment. Kudos on an outstanding program and experience.
LETS DITCH.
The Wisconsin Eye video I'm seeking was from 10/31 regarding testimony given towards Senate Bill 259. If anyone can help, I'd appreciate it
#F4F #TeamFollowback #boxing Thanks for following New Friends!
thanks! You rule! <3
Scrabble party... that's all I'm saying.
their respective answers to help you make educated decisions when it comes to getting your vehicle repaired!
I'm really trying to make an effort to tweet... Having a goal is really helping me to motivate me.
“: Carrying around my charger everywhere sucks... #promoprobz #addictedtotechnology” story of my life
RT : , we will be at the game. Bringing Tom and Bronson!
Normal joints produce very little friction and vibration
You are basically dead center in that photo.
Happy New Year
“: lol good you prbly can play with them Cause their short” your so smart when it comes to nails
": I need to take note of this!" Me too! Lol
about 3 months...and the dev is ongoing
RT : Ck12, leaders in open textbooks. FWK used in my class for few years. Positive feedback from students.
Wish I could give my mama what she really wants for mother's day, I need to win the lottery or something....
GET YOUR LUST ON! Lust and Longing open tonight at , 6-9pm. Come get sexy with us.
I love canadiens
"we cannot support a mayoral candidate… who is willing to court support from (city unions)" -UTSD. Where to begin? h/t
save me a seat?
RT Staffing & structure, staffing & structure. Everything cool you want to do online comes down to that. This stuff is not tech
just finished sending tracks to VUDU SPELLZ for DAIYON sessions going well
Looking foward to Thurs: Retro on the patio! Join us for some 'outta sight' 70s reminiscing, #Memphis, from 6 - 9 See you there!
hush now. I'm incognito. Like Bruce Wayne. But a little messier.
So bored
might get me own bag haah x
that's our midweek break from cooking supper.
#Torlid check it out people!!!1
Pretty sure I have a map final tomorrow
DO IT!
OMG AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR NEW SINGLE <U+2665>
YOU DONT GIVE HUGS ! You, my friend, royally suck ! With ya nice hair and sexy abs ! smh
yea. I'm staying back in LA! Im going back down south for my last show in Texas. I'll hit u up when I'm back in LA.
I think I may need to go to the hospital. Gonna be gone for about 4 days
: my church is celebrating its 145th anniversary and building rededication service on memorial day weekend. Please help
Reading Cosmo while STILL sick on the couch. I wanna get outta this house. At least this magazine is giving me good company :)
too funny. Like old times.
good! It is terrible!
About to take me a shower and go to bed.
Glad this is the last time I have to set my alarm for 5
follow back please? (:
I'm not gonna nitpick.
One other important thing is I don't hear any dynamic variation in your playing behind the soloist.
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove.... I'm a zebra
SKYDIVE! Your,e afraid of thunderstorms!
Thanks for the tip. I knew you'd reply first!
Memphis > B-ham
we talked,we had our plans ready,weeks go by waiting for a call ..nothing..one day i call u,u forgot *oh 24 hrs later u call me & i say no
We are looking for 60"+ die cutters to purchase, you have one to sell? email .
Thank you very much, Marco Villari, for your generous support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
Doing the same here. Yum.
Listening to 100 CUPBOARDS, but interest is flagging. Might switch to print to finish it up & move on.
Follow the big homie
#SoSad I'm not going to meet because he's not coming this month :'(
same here
Maybe I'll feel better after hockey practice later... That usually works...
it can't be stopped. ever. it's the spinning molten core of planet windoze. ehwn it stops, WE stop...
Designing the prize is designing the problem
You win cinco de mayo, you win. Now PLEASE leave mi cabeza alone! :(
NOW you tell me! I'm already in the lobby!
Some of these female southern republican staffers are super pretty and super stupid.
gotta love them stats! data ftw!
And the DJ is wearing a Bravo jersey.
talking to my best friend <3
Luxe 32 magazine launch Thursday the 26th. At the Aston Martin dealership of Troy Michigan.....Hott
"i'm going with beer, wine and salty snacks : ) #FoodieChats -totally agree!
ur BBQ Chick. was the best! Wait a minute, I loved the cold slaw too, not to mention the 12 lb. cat fish you caught! Wow!
Shawty had triple 6 mafia on deck tho... Shit caught me by surprise in the best way.
CONGRATZ... ON DA REALZ GURL U HAVE NO IDEA HOW I WISH I WAS IN UR SHOES...
“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” ~Plato
RT : "holding a grudge is letting someone live rent free in your head"
Time 2 put a pep in my step a stride in my glide cause It's show time Twitter enjoy your day.
No kidding, right? Pretty terrible use of words.
C is now trading at a 20% discount to tangible common equity (TCE). That is a SCREAMING deal. Buy C! I am
Please tell me one of your children did that and not you.
Bedlam in Manchester!
Cry about that too.
Isn't this Wednesday morning?
A4: LinkedIn groups is a great place to meet people.
“Tablet Market” = iPad Market
I banged my toe & it hurts so much omfg
RT : Yeah, I miss you..
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
I'm driving the train here. I'll tell U where we get on & where we get off
Kicked #crossfit in the face today.
Happy Birthday
That is a pretty amazing (and unnerving) feeling.
it was nice to meet you and discuss the site. Have a great night.
Am tatted Up
naw call my bro phone
What is your favorite #Country song? Please share & don't forget, you can request a song through our DJ!
And Be The Ladder would probably be banned in theaters because it promotes guts and determination.
Is old enough to remember "Claire's Knee"?
@ phops802 The mayans were enslaved before they could finish their calendar....that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Any news on that Hat give-away contest?
RT : I'm on a New Mexico poetry frenzy this morning. I could die of poetry!//You'll have beautiful words as your last thoughts!
RT@ LordAlex Looking for a hotel near Conf, not too expensive, I am out of luck with Park Plaza. Any suggestions?
Waking up at 345 is really catching up with me. Cant wait to go home and nap with at 12
SOMEONE COME TO NORTH CAROLINA WITH ME IN APRIL
Coffee makes me feel good.
M someone threw away cinnabon in our trashcan now all of shoes smells amazing
Agreed. And generally more expensive. I'm trying to be more budget conscious. That's the reason I'm considering a change.
It's a new beginning.
I got to kick it with today :)
RT : We will be closed this Fri, so plan on visiting before then. We will be open late, 10-7, on Sat for the football game
Want someone to stop texting u? Send them, "SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY FAILED. FURTHER MESSAGES WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.""
you gotta have Faith
comes in to my house, drinks my beer, plays my video games then has the nerve to call it a "waxing"? Show some respect 4-0
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come register and enjoy all the hockey games you can live online enjoy!!!
Thx 4 posting this. Been sharing a similar (and unpopular) opinion. Don't think they're bad but they don't replace laptops.
okay x
"Capital has always been the scarcest resource in opening the space frontier"
I almost called u something
Religion without revelation, Christianity without Christ, the Church as ...
Good morning daaahlins! I hope your ready to get over this "hump" Wednesday and sail right on into the weekend! :)
Its only Tuesday morning. This is a long and rough week
Yhea-huh.Is the evil guy's sidekick a bat?
haven't talked to you in a bit. How's it?
I think facebook ads know me better than my parents do
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <3 #Faith :)
Cheddar singing 1 of my Whitney Houston favs on the voice..Wow!
Patrick Ewing is perfect mentor for Bismack Biyombo on #Bobcats. Because Dwight Howard's post-game is unstoppable.
Knocking out this prom stuff >>>
What if FedEx buys the interstate system and bars UPS from using it? Is that still "markets?"
Rob Wilson playing with confidence!
thanks for the follow, your music is fantastic! have a great day!(: itd be superawesome if you checked out too!<3
“: I'm crying happy tears. Makes me feel so good to see you everyone helping me to help Dad. " let's hope the voters listen!
Be Who Yhu Are Don't Change Yhurself For Anyone Because One Day Yhu Will Find That Special Person Who Loves Yhu Just The Way Yhu Are ~Helen
Pretty nice beer selection at Boneshaker Pub in Rocklin. I'll be back.
negroe's 40+ still wearing fitted, timms as their only wardrobe is just sad
Super cute picture of C! There is no way those pants are staying white! :)
I won't win this contest but I live tweeting you random isssh
until you walking around with a big red mark on yo neck
Poker Quote Of The Night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Look on the bright side viking fans, the Colts are insanely jealous of your two wins!
Crying can sometimes make me sleepy.
#MLTalks Looking forward to the webcast!
I needed that talk with my brother so much <3
one super game..so happy for saints
Always glad to hear The Band on #WFUV. Claudia Marshall is playing Jemima Surrender
Are you now? I like you as a princess. :D Then again, you're cute every day.
"And we don't give a f**k, Whoever you may be, 'Cos we are the famous #SKC"
I'm running Photoshop CS6 Beta. First kid on my block, yadda yada.
I love you!
Yay, a fellow dragon aficionado!
Afternoon gym workout.
Helping friends market their tea business idea!
Just holding down the fort in studyhall with
Today all the people who felt crappy for only being able to afford a Kindle and laugh for saving $5 bucks per ebook more than iPad users.
Ryan Newman having engines issues on very hot, muggy day
This clips team is Banged up... Crowd chanting "see you Sunday" #believe on
Yessir. A beautiful house of history.
The only news I ever read: and
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If i'm trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pens.
"Feels like: 120 degrees" thanks, phone.... I couldn't guess by the fact that my face is melting off!
I didn't do the math homework. I'm going to fail school
Okay, let's giddy up on the iPhone 5 then.
I will take one tomorrow after school. K?
Lucky! Hope you have fun and go Nuggets!
Stallone Saturday: Starting with "Cobra", ending with "Nighthawks." What the fuck has become of my life?
Its always the people who always have shoulders to cry on.. That complain about people never fuckin with them.
I love this weather! So perfect for studying
very cool!! I love it!
I think physics plays a vital role in the equation as well
When I close my eyes I see frosted cakes.
love you bebe. I'm back! :)
Thanks for the RT ! We're hoping for a FULL HOUSE of interested #DNation runners & volunteers on Dec. 8th!
You gonna learn today
Thank you. I'll look into it as soon as I finish my other work.
Im not hating on Sveum, but for Theo to say the new coach must have "extensive" managerial experience, Im sorry a hitting coach aint that.
Quick trip to the mall with my daughter. Gotta do some laundry and ironing for a busy day tomorrow. :)
Your hidden content engine
Thanks again to JR Mitchell at Q-106.5 in Bangor Maine for having me on-air to talk about OSO!!! www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
Big Congrats To My Girl Laura From Wisco From Winning Miss America
“: Psst...Starting tonight, gluten free personal 8" pizza.” OMG so excited!!
speaking at #AribaLIVE on new partnership. "This is not your grandfather's #ERP."
Whys there always gotta be those couple of noodles in the Mac n cheese that didn't cook fully?
Who is stopping in tonight to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome drinks on special?
Sweet play by SS Elvis Andrus to get to grounder up the middle and flip ball w/ glove hand for 3rd out at second.
Sleep is now. Night suckers.
Why are you not at #DodgerStadium?
haha! Of course! I'm here when u need it!
Rest in Peace Ofield Dukes ... another legend gone, but not forgotten.
There are lots of nontoxic alternatives to bleach: sunshine, vinegar, lemon juice. What works best for you?
ok what's ur instagram thing?
chatzy chat room as stacy
Inflexion-Point Strategy Partners is a B2B sales and marketing performance improvement company based in the UK
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Apparently, just have to handle it like a plutonium rod or something? Flip it, it declines call. Scroll up, declines call.
and What more is there to say? Doors open until 5am. See you tonight #LOVE!RS
My heart says Butler, but my brain says Duke. Who you got?
I need a kick in the ass. Somebody please kick me in the ass.
My good boating friend will laid to rest tomorrow in Attica, KS. Please remember his loving wife & family in your prayers. Thank you.
": lol I know smh"I guess we can say dat was like a piss test #random lol
Watched my bro graduate from Columbia University today. It was beautiful and I am really proud. Way to go !
love it! Happy holidays!
I love it! I want a CD
Does Groupon really help bring in more trade? Now the site has been given three months to improve its standards...
PreShow name coming soon.....
Justin to the rescue???
Everyone wants happiness, No one wants pain. But you can't make a rainbow, Without a little rain.
Great, tomorrow at 12:30 works for me. See you then!
If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away.
YESZZZ! Show me your moves!
I hear you tweet
Serrato is gonna hook me up with someone from affliction or a mma pro. Luv my brother from another mother
Back to the grind #ROC. Hope you all had as a refreshing weekend as we did!
": I can't read tweets from anti-hustlers. Don't Knock The Hustle boy!"
back at ya yay
No It Dont Come Easy. No It Dont Come Fast. Lock Me Up Inside Your Garden. Take Me To The Riverside. Fire Burnin' Me Up Desire Takin' Me So
RT : The girl of his dreams is the same one waking him up ;-)
Thanks Daniel.
All over i couldnt see shit.
You're welcome. Good luck at the rest of your fests!
Worst officiating crew ever at UNLV UTEP game....for both teams. Rice and Floyd both close to blowing gasket.
where were they doing them
NM veterans couple transitioning from homelessness to public housing needs kichen table, chairs. Pls direct-msg me if can donate. Thx.
Oh wow! Sad 2 hear when horrible things happen 2 the #Sooners I'll b praying 4 him!!
I gave him a pacifier aka a taco
Dont forget Wolf has $10M club opt. with 1.5 buyout.If they let him go, ZG walks, and CN isnt healthy, you need SM
Congrats to client Jack Johnson of the LA Kings on the game winning goal in OT! #gokingsgo!
I am good fam! I am really feeling your tracks fam
Avengers is the shit!!!
ty! and wow life groove. I dig that B)
Got funniest Mother's Day card from - but if he does get #tattoo of "Mom" there, I'll tan his hide!!
I like halagermans -- but I"m a bit biased. :D
Okay. I caved. Downloaded Draw Something and I'm obsessed. Wanna play? My username is FoodieBlake!
“: they used to say that about the west. Was a great place to build.” < THAT is definitely true.
If you can't make up your mind, please don't waist my time.
- awe, that just brightened my day a 'lil. I believe that deserves a "get it girl!" : )
True talent! RT Still in shock...Thank you America!!! You picked the right guy... Congrats You deserve this.
hmm.i want one c:
is there any way for me to change my username?
Sure you want to advertise that?
That's amazing! Glad to hear you had fun! :)
then if you're there you need to come here
Go follow my other account!
Back from Vegas! Busted for speeding $300, swim trunks @ Hard Rock Shop $80, cover to get into Rehab $100, fun with the guys: priceless! :-)
& thanks for following
Storms <3 time to sleep good tonight.
You bet!
Lol I just forget :p
Whats Cracking Sir?
This is the perfect time to try this incredible service if you haven't before.
A big Happy Bithday to Have a great day and keep doing your thing!
Affirmation: I have the ability to visualize every aspect of my success.
whole grain. whole grain.
Now that is confirmed to be in Norway my next guess is that at some point he's headed to Svalbard and Jan Mayen...
Despite all my Rage I'm still just a rat in a cage!
Won tix from ! Rock on!
he dropped a ball
Big show in Pittsburgh Thursday and Akron Friday! Get at us for last minute tickets!
That is a sign of how cold Georgia is going to be after the Packers victory. Go Packers!!!
What did you do to your foot? Glad it's better!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
Pierce Commercial Bank was, in part, the result of losses stemming from a $500 million mortgage fraud scheme.
ide love for to follow me aswell x
“: "I write to escape ... to escape poverty." Edgar Rice Burroughs
make sure you get lots of good food :)
Put cinnamon (and maybe nutmeg, cloves) in the grounds while brewing, not after. It won't taste as good, it'll taste better.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
On this day in 1999, two teenage gunmen kill 13 people in a shooting spree at Columbine High School in Littleton,
yea trying to get some super last min stuff lol
Salt and vinegar chips are so good!!
It's Football Sunday...Watch your favorite team with a Jameson $4 shot, or a $3 Hornitos, or maybe a $3 Jager....What ever your pleasure!
So started my 60day workout program to get my body back day 1 down an it kicked my ass lol but got to keep on doing it!
She's rolling I'm grubbing Sunday wave no sand
5th grade class is on every night, discussing the book they are reading in class. Right now, it's STARGIRL.
I don't get a tweet back from you ever.. Sad :(
did d.f. do something..
What's this, Sat night of AWP? Sigh. of course. Mebbe Eric McHenry. (Shh, 't tell.) RT
In Kansas
Can't wait for today to be over.
lmfao“: Why would you put a chihuahua in a Louis Vuitton bag? That's like letting an oversized rat shit on thousands of dollars.”
Need a cut but I can't trust these barbers out, already got my line push back
Lol wat I'm talking bout playing ball lol
So we're "friends now"? Haha(:
cat woman is an occupier and there is a flying car
alright! Thx man!
Knock em dead bro
man the shit that we be fightin over so irrelevant, i dont even remember tho i was prolly hella bent.
Think ima go back to bed
next week? breakfast?
DID PROFESSOR TUTOR TODAY?
Bradford Enterprises & Primestar construction are forging ahead on joint venture! Pres. Obama's jobs act was infuential within this effort!
. Creativity is the most important tool we have.
It is a beautiful day outside!! Take a break and soak up some sunshine!
To the cribby I'm finna stay at this summaaaa!
Dallas fans are not the problem, it is the lack of said fans.
you are welcome.....have a great day!! Passa um bom dia...
So I didn't end up studying. Let's see how tomorrow goes
ah lucky! What kind?
Oh sorry! thought that was a real question LOL
: Curious if Salter acknowledges role of fixed wireless, contrasts fixed w cellular. Fixed = more than mobility
I know you're tall. And a tank top wearing slut
If he only wants you for your breasts, legs, or thighs, he needs to go to KFC.
LoL awesome. Do share.. :x
haha i knew this was coming son (: lmao'
Tonight I took out my right contact, and realized I had another lens in there. Apparently I didn't actually take it out last night.
*you're jamming not I
good night i don know u but good night lol
Life transforming ideas have always come to me through books. Oliver Wendall Holmes -
Follow me on instagram? CurseTheVengeance! I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER!
some of the shit these rappers spit aint nun like real life
tag away! We've made sure you can tag your face on our photos. Thanks!
Just read that alfalfa sprouts is the only plant that supplies the full range of vitamins: A, B, B12, C, E, K + a huge amount of minerals.
#ff Thanks for the retweet! love your posts!
What shall I do!!
Means you won't get cancer as long as you stay out of California? The Missoni suitcase has the same warning.
wearin my penn brewery cwp shirt bitch!
At Kelly's :)
Let us know when you come to visit.
So glad I figured out how 2 turn concert into a campaign event for This is how I get #datenight these days...
wow, looks amazing
follow back please? :) x
.... I seriously am goin to have to put some aloe on my shoulders. -_- howtf i get sunburnt yo? Ish hurts too man.
Hey there - think we might've visited them on the Silver Pass weekend a few years back!
I'll Have Another wins da Derby on Cinco de Mayo... coincidence?
great job yesterday! You guys are awesome!!!
Awready Bro!! I Might be down that way Tomorrow!
Watching last nights #Revenge perfect casting for Nolan some one devious that can still be punked by Emily.
hehe! Maybe I missed it, this twitter thing is new to me
Sparkin' up "Hard Truths: Writing Addiction for Teens" at 1:30 on the #LATFOB #YA stage w/Ned Vizzini, and
I can't wait to hear it! :)
just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Casting for a new major cable network show! Do you know anyone in a #bad relationship?
Jaynes: I’ve been told by many people in and out of administration…that Bernie and Laura Klimist have much to do with this.
10, 9, 8, 7...Don't let cash and product prizes and excellent press pass you by...submit your film to Our City Film Fest by wi 10 days!
Quiet: the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking / Susan Cain
I don't feel so good...
Q10. Most unique travel "potty stop" experience...
old english sheep dog ;)
the comic book actually wasn't half bad.
i missed u too lol
Got a buffalo chicken pizza from for lunch at our office. So good!
*John Belushi voice* NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE SAY IT IS!!
Im So good at being myself
Sherries Sweet. Yeah, but you sure dont need another face.
sure love :)
i think of my life as a comedy....
Hoping I can participate, very busy with proposals... I just can't resist a good tweet chat!
Well it looks like things are gonna work out. #thankgod (:
I work at that library! and I bought a shirt from you once that says "nothing to wear." Come visit me weeknights ~8-10pm.
Are you a #Law #Student or #Professor? We'd love to add you into our community and share ideas. @ us and we'll follow back!
New favorite Outlook autocorrect: eval-> veal. As in, "Can you please swing by my office to sign your veal?"
thoe >>> lmfaoo him And his boy right now :) awh!
Don't forget, the Cash Money motto is we drank till we throw up
damn , forreal? You take some?
idk i think its goin to be a draw
Do you need to hire multiple #sales people? We recently launched as a portfolio company to provide outsourced
I endorse
Today was good. Hung out with my Sis Kelly, Ran in to Jen Thomas, got a new hat, watched a movie on netflix. Yea it was a good day
Not getting upset over this one, not one bit.
It's cool watching Beavis&Butthead "Buy beer" (((((:
I agree...j/k, hope you and the fam are doing well.
Point: Daniel
“ Females that know they are cute and are humble about it >”
I love lucy's dress!
Hey Tweeps! How goes it today??!
RT Discovered that Wikipedia notes I introduced the term "social web" in 1996 via Time magazine
It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know.
TO WHERE BBY. Can you take me with you. Lol (I Wish)
Buffy Hamilton speaking at NJASL conference #NJASL2010 Exciting yet challenging times in librarianship transitions
Same working feel like cursing out my boss that nerd as bitch
I've being trying to figure out all night what this meant, finally got it! Dying is at the end of studying, I'm blonde!;)<3
Hahaha ": Oh you follow ? You must be so popluar and fat"
After staring at the program all afternoon, I finally got myself registered for
It's going to be the kind of week spent entirely in front of Microsoft Word.
Dylan holland is just great.<3
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x5
I'll line up on a silly carpet if it means I don't have to stand in a 110 degree tunnel in Atlanta for 15 mins ever again.
Thanks to anyone who correctly punctuated the name of this day and didn't wish me a "happy" one. (I mean, really...)
just had a dream that I smashed my phone screen in.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
let me try and get some more people to come
Bill just read a letter from a Pittsford parent thanking him for his support of their girls volleyball playing son. A hater is on hold.
We do question your taste in hockey teams though. :)
Looking forward to eating/drinking menu right up my alley!
Q2 #libchat - Anyone doing cloud storage for their digital archives?
lucky to meet you thanks again for coming in
We're wasting librarians by putting them in antiquated spaces - they,re worth more. We need to fix not patch.
Watching The Bodyguard <3
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow mee?:)
good luck and best wishes for whatever comes next.
Gotta show the number one music retailer some love! You guys performing at it?
Hannah Montana movie makes me cry :( Awhhh
obviously the more cofactors and comorbidities prove to be challenges to physicians.
RT : Thank you to those that have purchased your TIX to the Holiday Gala! If you haven't, get them here...
RT : Spunk is strongly alkali to counteract the acidic effects of any urine it encounters in your tubing on the way out!
that means I won't get them either.
Going Green Shouldn't put you in the red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 206-414-1039 for all your green cleaning needs!
how did i get brought up in the conversation during etymology?
Thanks for the ff love!!!
by the time I called, they were out of goat pie! Missed my window, but trying to make up for it
thats a bad bitch hit her in her shit if she ever talkin shit lol
We "...are all walking around shining like the sun...There are no strangers!...The gate of heaven is everywhere." Thomas #Merton d. 12/10/68
We're excited to welcome the incoming MIMS students this Friday! We're looking forward to meeting you all.
no problemo! and i love your bio, couldnt agree more... except for the girl part hahaha
LOVE HATE AND SACIRFICE ARE THERE VERY POWERFUL WORDS DEPENDING ON HOW YOU USE THEM
Thank you! :)
mom and sis....
People that can spell and form proper sentences. >>>>
thanks Mario for the support and follow love the tweeting form siri trick check out and
Had a dream I bought a condo in St. Louis and refused to talk to my BFF decked out in Cardinal gear.
We may be in Metropolis! Come to Perk Park (12th & Chester) for a photo shoot on Friday at noon! Umami Moto will be there too!
So loving this Philly weather right now!
technically we only have 2 months of freedom :D
atleast u were playing and moving around.
bummer, I bet summer classes blow. What class?
"Mygale [MIG-uh-lee] n.: a genus of large tropical spiders." Um... yeah. Don't know if I can handle that.
less time in Europe...
tell the truth ur scared cause i could engineer egypt... lucky i have ethics this in the wrong hands is scarey!
you boys make us proud everyday!<U+2665> Love you,! (:
On this day in 1912, the first Curtiss Flying School opened in Miami.
get on facebook~ late night group chat?<3
what did undo for your Klondike bar?
We would like to thank everyone that voted for us on KCRA's A-List for best Greek in Sac!!! We really appreciate it!!!
{bangs head on desk} wordpress why oh why are you working then crash. Bo!
: yes I've been .its beautiful
when my son is mad he still spits up on me
is it a carrot? I like carrots. :o
#oomf is such a hypocrite oh my god. I hate hypocrites so much, I can't.
It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor. ~Marcus Tullius Cicero
Only way UK loses is a good zone D, bad outside shooting, foul trouble. All 3 tonight. Come on Cats!!
Indeed. Overevaluated my reading ability; I'm more of a 50 than an 80. 21 more teams to read. . . So far, so great.
Does CSSEdit not exist as a standalone anymore? Boo.
Only thing I understood was the song purple rain! I was laughing the rest of the time!!!LMAOxD -Ashley
#DEAD RT : *Stay Schemin' melody* Subtweetedddddddd........... n****s should've mentioned me!
It's a Beatles kind of day.
Watching final destination on MTV :)
God please keep drama at a fucking distinct!!!!
Don't Over Think It... It's Not That Serious...
looking for early elem k-2 or tech integration
Not a chance was that illegal touching. Idiots.
Thanks and Drostan Hall for a fantastic weekend of performances of Beethoven's Emperor and great broadcast!
Devon Still is sitting out draft in solidarity with fellow Nittany Lion Cameron Wake and his contract holdout.
pshhh those lil fake glasses! :D we woulda had a real drphil convo if I had em on.
Heading to my last store then I am homeward bound war mar city
Finna shoot back to the Haven.
yes :) what a night
I haven't even seen you in about a week.....
You are welcome.
We are Wisconsin. On Marquette.
Like a kid in a candy store only worse , my mind is lost in the greatness of the artist of ReverbNation and i am thankful ! FOR ALL OF YOU
Your kids will read about me in their text books
It's the independents we need to cultivate. They need to see how irrational the other guys are.
Austin. The reason why I'm still standing upright in this world with confidence and the one that taught us that EVERYBODY is beautiful, <U+2665>
What a great day for #folklife ! Hope everyone in #Seattle is having #funindasun !
Duck Duck Duck NIGGA....LLAB n my kevin hart voice!!!!!.....
Bing! Bing again! RT : That's what I'm here for. Ludicrous suggestions and dubious science are perks of the service.
SO SLEEPY......LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH
Good luck to my friends , , , , and also , who are all playing at SxSW
Saw the truck at Art Walk. I liked my taco combo, but was not happy with her kimchi quesadilla.
I gained over 20 followers today... ._. That's a record for me. I love you guys! :D
is that you in a suitcoat?
ya but go to gamestop more points
I kno they are kids grow up so damn fast...haven't seen you'll n a min
Take the pledge to end bullying by going to standtogether.tv! I made the pledge. Will you?
Hansen has his saddle cloth on in his barn. He's much calmer than yesterday getting off the van.
Thanks to all who follow me!!!
#CO Symphony got two standing O's, well deserved for Fantasia on a theme by Thomas Tallis for strings. Beautiful.
i was in 1998
Yea yea...
Crazy exciting! Congrats on a heck of a 2011-2012!
But after a month or so I began to hesitate again
i will sis. Thanks
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon....
“: Love me or hate me, God has my back.”
I just said I'm going to bed but I can't stop reading. Damn you
I'm up next, right?
No I will not announce that your party bus is leaving. It's Midnight and the line is down the block. Where else would you be going?
Healthy oils: Which oil should you use?: ... healthy nutrients, ie, the vitamins and polyphenols that work in the body as antioxidant...
Catch Jason Berry at Tulane's Dean Edward and Alice Sherman Law & Lit. Room tonite at 5:30. He'll be discussing Last of the Red Hot Poppas.
how you doing. we would like to book you for a show. please contact us at . also do live streaming
your giving me mixed signals
Merry Christmas!
<U+266B> Late Night Muzic Until I Z. The Life Of A
Rain can't stop fun times at Captain Morgan Club!
A little birdie told me that & will be a topic tonight pm on ABC. Will Barry and or the people win or lose?
tu como tomas instagram pictures con tu Android phone? I'm confuse
just dumped my breakfast all over myself. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thank you, we're excited too! #Milwaukee RT : Check out Very exciting new site for the Milwaukee area
much less than it was in January. Still being early makes the discussion hard to take seriously, yet.
I am so sad too :( I am here and safe and sound. Hope to see you soon!
First time it's ever happened to us... I heard they were at a neighbor's house a few days ago, too.
Ol ratchet ass bitch i see u ova der
“: Why does it require a pun? ”. I don't know... Habit.
-> RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!
#ThatEx tht still begs for the ass
Join my new cover band: we'll do the music to "shreds" videos verbatim. Who's in?
really tired of facebook. Might deactivate my account.
I go back on my comment now. I forgot about the sexy nun thing. Maybe I'll be a monk. lol
I was impressed to witness motorists helping to assist a snapping turtle across the road during an intense thunderstorm! Branches helped!
#FF our favorite jazz vocalist , but DON'T #FF her dweeby brother
it's creepy and should be illegal.
I'm a big fan of rocking the santa pajamas year round! haha
Baja, elderberries and baseball with and
Go for Dodonis Feta- it will change your life.
RT : #Taurus are the constant observers.
Thanks for the follow Have a great one
two hours may equal two points #stopbitchin ehheehheee
“There are never enough 'I love you's.” <U+2015> Lenny Bruce
Please consider a sort-by-date option for search results. Results now are a confusing mess.
It's okay if you don't like me because I guarantee I despise you.
one working!
Just seen at YD waiting to start work. I'm coming to visit
follow back chickaa ;)
You can be one of my New Beauty Queens and have a year of memories and be a reporter for my show email say send inf
#LastTimeIChecked ur stuff, was my stuff... And my stuff, is my stuff...
follow this man he is the real stuff
Listening to Biggie gets me so hyped. One of my fav old school artists.
omq. ): maybe it's for the better thouqh with there hectic schedules, they barely had time toqether.. :/
u coming or what?
When I have kids, if they AREN'T coordinated or athletic, I don't know what I'll do <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Night :* RT : ": Goodnight me. #SoIKnowItsReal" goodnight :)
Damn Straight Sista
how's twitter tweeting you so far? :P
hi steve i hav sum to tell u
More Cheba pictures that aren't flyers! That would be super rad!
Anatomy project<<<
thanks for the follow much love. -Ace
I wish there was a "like" button on twitter. I don't always want to retweet, but it'd be nice to let someone know I like their witty comment
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
Lat night of songwriters night:( Wah can't wait though it's gonna be a great show!
i hear you. i get "I thought you were Irish!" all the time. fuck sake.
#WhatAWomanNeeds is man who can cuddle wit her without having sex
no i have not watched "Crazy. Stupid. Love." twice today. i'm writing a critical analysis paper on it OKAY
Skipped out on the Book Cart Drill Champ. because, well, it's stupid. Did anyone actually GO? Looking at #ala10 tweets, I'm thinking no.
dancing non-stop. Prepping for friday
might club in Phoenix Az , with bestie and his bf Aaron Morrison ...
Woo! About 80% of my students passed the CAHSEE! All praise and glory to God!
Beat the heat with our soft serve ice cream and magical shell. Come in for Late Night Happy Hour from 10:00PM-11:00PM!
great. Just bought my ticket! See you there.
Thinking Bout Going To My Old Neighbor Hood Ways
If the Republicans can't agree on a candidate for president, maybe they should turn to Satan. Oh, that's right, he is already President.
hello!! I am typing this on my dad's ipad.....it's fun!
I just puked crafty goodness all over Instagram. Sorry? :)
I do share most,ve my street smiles with the busted old ladies
hollball when are you gonna make your Twitter name hollball
Reanimation of Alison was one of the best RW articles I have ever read. Go Alison !
We love having you as a member! :) RT : Finally got my facial done! I love being a member!
How many points is Dez going to squirt me with?
Nice to meet you, Tom! Please tell me u aren't related to Todd:)
Worse service in the world, T mobile never delivers what it promise, their billing system is a mess
What about tech you're not developing? You can't build everything.
New fan of right here! You girls were SO cute! xoxo
Thank you to everyone who joined us today for the VIP Breakfast at the Carr. Great food, interesting speakers, and some good connections.
Your breath
I don't rap, I live Hip-Hop..
Be sure to Like Us on Facebook - we'll be announcing our iPad 2 Winner on our page #BlastoffNetwork www.facebook.com/blastoffnetwork
The Rage would like to welcome back Defensive Coordinator Roger Aaestrud for the 2012 season
I need Chipotle in my life. It's been too long.
Ya taste it ?
The day you pissed me off I told Mike to pick me up... I told him you were bugging and I don't like to fuss... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> Who remembers this song?
I can a feel a vacation burning through my back...
Family donate reflection bench in memory of loved ones - Mayerthorpe Freelancer
I'm so stoked to be a part of this!
Anyone remember when tweeters were in speakers?
"I want it to go viral" yeah..there is no silver bullet people.
Amazing right! He is so good.
Great to be back at work today after a great vacation!
OMG!!! I totally gasped!! That's INCREDIBLE!!
Our #FreeDrinkFriday announcements will be at 4pm and 7pm. Will you be ready?
“: Thank You For Your Love Huge #LOVEPOW To You! Such an incredible Woman!! LOVe Here We GROW!!!”You2 Tks
Hopefully Google's plan for Art Project isn't the same as Wave.
the last hour of your timeline just made my life complete!
this Colombian on the bachelorette. #sexy #ah <3
Enough is enough
Thanks to everyone who celebrated Georgetown's 223rd Birthday with us today! Here's to many more birthdays to come! Hoya Saxa!!!
Follow my tweets! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;)
Good luck to against Terre Haute tomorrow, and on the ACT in the morning.
to quote the great Peter Venkman..."I feel so funky."
man i think i pass out last night cuz i dont member how i went to sleep
Starting tomorrow, we morning people get our hour back. Daylight savings, my foot.
The willingness to learn new skills is very high
Tomorrow is going to flat out fucking suck.
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX fart, pick up your phone, and say crazy shit
RT : “The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance...” - Alan Watts
Painting, painting, painting, and more painting.
13 Syrians killed while helping to evacuate Paul Conroy, a wounded British journalist on assignment for Sunday Times.
Have you watched any of our "Gay World Cinema" films featured outside our Learning Lab? Let us know your thoughts!
Have not been on here much lately. Trying to go thru mentions & replying. Thank u.
Getting a hair cut #finally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Doing the new bike happy dance.... Been a long time coming. :)
Plus I get a new image to tug one off to.
lol why does it have to be a guy?? Lol
Maybe we can get them to do a liver performance at the Holiday Party tomorrow night! Oak Tavern, 6:30 pm!! come on by!
you rock my socks :)
It smells like strawberry pop tarts in this subway station
Haight Street Gooners are NOT happy. And it has nothing to do with being in a Sp*rs bar.
How is it that I have just learned that the USC masters program I was a part of has a twitter handle?
ahaha XD thank god I am just a lil bit shorter than him! Imagine what he would do if he freak out from seein a tall person!
Hey! Nice to "tweet-meet" you. Soon will be in Florida, too. Happy Thanksgiving.
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours. Stay far, far away from these people.
SLC-->LA-->Jakarta
you are soo sweet :) mwah!
no i'm lesbian
Two improv shows tomorrow night. 8pm and 10pm. Our place. The time to make reservations? Nigh.
love the smell of pastry in the morning... #thatcamp_se athens ga
Morning twitter! Almost mossed the bus so i ran like the wind and found out the bus wasnt even near my stop. Haha oh me!
Shit you already know bruh I got you
The NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS are going to the Super Bowl. Oh, and so am I. Ah
I feel numb most of the time
myth laid to rest: axe body spray attracts no women.. so stop using it. seriously.
Sluggish cognitive tempo disorder? Are you kidding me? Sometimes it is what it is... Laziness. Do we have to analyze everything in life?
g men!
these arent my people this ain't where I came from
I miss sharing a room with you...
Beauty Tip: Winter dries your skin like crazy -- moisturize every day!
I would start a fight and whisper in Lebron's ear "I did your momma too" :D : Ah the frustration is showing now!! #Knicks"
Pizza of the Day: Italian sausage, pepperoni, bacon and onions for $11. Mention tweet get free toasted ravioli!
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel supercalifragilisticecpialidocious because that's totally an emotion
Henry just got red carded
Time to break from #NADA2012 & watch ! Who's your team this year?
bored, nothin to do it's 6:20 in the morning here in new york
I love you!
I'm there!
Birthday or not, today sucks.
I get caught up dreaming of the life I want to provide for me and my husband. Tonight I sit back and thank God for everything we have.
Stop being careless and care less.
hahaha June 3rd mark your calendar... and thanks how perfect is it!
Anyone wanna go to usher or ozzy and special guest slash at bridgestone? I have presale codes to get ur tix early!!
Arianna Huffington on authenticity: authenticity is like pornography, you know it when you see it.
Spices are highly overpriced
A stunning spring day in Loudoun! Magnolias in full bloom, warm sun on smiling faces, greenery creeps in from all around.
I can tell you from experience that it's far easier to rationalize than to write a whole new pres :D
love the positivity my brother! Ride with you...how was your release party yesterday?
We have read all your emails and at this time we have no reason to detain you indefinitely or bonk you with a drone.
sounds like you're bringing a blue angel to the party...
Davenport tonight 203 S. Presa no cover all night $3 drinks & beer! Talk to me to see how you can get a free bottle!
You're famous.
getting to the money as always working on I'm That Dude tape!! Trust me If you think Meta Myers was a classic wait till you hear this!! META
And still, the The Howard Theater can only be so beautiful without you. Until then, check out 's pictorial preview:
RT : Lots of events happening, stay turned..hope you can pencil us in! April 6th Binny's Bolingbrook-beer tasting (6pm-8pm)
God Has A Reason For Allowing Things To Happen. We May Never Understand His Wisdom, But We Simply Have To Trust God's Will.
Chicago has more LEED certified buildings than any other U.S. city.
Over today already!
Goose eggs
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream & the urge to make dreams come true.
3 basic elements: 1) secret; 2) owner has to protect reasonably; 3) misappropriation.
Why am I always so exhausted
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.”
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
The pitching has been off to a rough start, a long season but a disappointing start.
oh..and you look very beautiful today. ;)
Lmao @ that one!
Woo- we are over 1,000 followers strong, you all rock!! I think this deserves a special twitter contest....
New issue of features 2 of my all time faves & ! Both play within the next week!
Yo momma is so stupid she got stabbed in a shootout
"Trust me. Sacramento will not go down with class and dignity." - Tom Ziller
Working on Extra Strength Eczema Cream today. I have some great herbs ready to make this one.
maybe. I was thinking the same RE: Texas Rangers
Wow. Should be 21-10 #Bills. Instead, poor clock management by #Eagles squanders FG possibility. 21-7 at half.
Aww thank you much! Hope to see you there!
Awesomeness at #CoachellaLive...amazing music...thanks YouTube! :)
tuesday nite we broke up she finally sent me a message on fb last nite and tellin me i hurt her
I'm feeling down in the dumps.
Merlin Carpenter? And ? Hm
I've been to Toulouse Petit! YUM! Electronic-Foodie Happy Hour. YES! We were just talking about skydiving in Wa. yesterday.
what are your entrance songs this year?
The tweet clearly states that the pic is from The Periodic Table Of SEO Ranking Facebook page.
Thanks for including us!
Oh, I like Forever Jones too lol. Well...just the one sog. & Mary Mary lol
hit well last night. caught about 12 & missed quite a few. caught a couple 3-4 pounders.all large and smallies.
Making Money is Easy-If u just look at the numbers-Companies pay u 4 how many people u kno-not the product-if this makes sense 2 u c my site
next time throw up that #ACEofSPADES ..the NEW #ROC...put both of the rockstar symbols together!
On June 30th, wrote: Alas, as much as I'd adore public blogs (as a format), they don't match my wish for depth, intimacy, delving, diving...
If there is no energy in a room, no buzz, then you are not going to be able to sell.
They should come! im from Boston, MA. We are calm here too!
I hate feeling so sad after coming down to the final two in winner takes all poker. #whydoiwanttocry?
Heck yes!
And , won't you miss me? xoxo
My feet are swollen I can't get my left shoe off.
Tripled with aces 26 players left feeling good.
@ 500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school. Join me & and donate RT
Currently putting together numbers for a new order. What styles and colors would you like to see on the next design launch?
although....no body "fixed" Inge....
Flood Coverage Outside a Flood Zone (Home Insurance)
Why yes, I do carry salami in my bag.
T.H.U.G Life...True Heroes Under God :)
We're playing THIS THURSDAY NIGHT at The Red & The Black in DC. Only $6 w/ shadows & ghosts. We're on promptly at 9pm. Tell your friends!
My middle name is Kristofferson.
is it soy-free, by any chance?
Sounds delicious. #dinnerbeforehalfmarathon RT : Potatoes with a bit of legumes, and 4oz of steak.
thanks for the mention! Tweet us your card design when done!
#asklewis ok here goes my attempt of making you laugh and earning a follow back...what do you call a fish with no eyes?
m oh that looks so much better than what I am cooking :(
My mom is so embarrassing. Trying to eat before the ceremony is even over.
Alba all the way. They have a water resistent SPF 30 "very emollient sunblock" that is free of evil ingredients.
#ElkRiver Hockey team plays last regular game of season while coach faces investigation. What coach's lawyer is saying
Of course, but in that case I'd rather buy two more of the old styles and spend the same about of money (and donate two pairs)
Spread the word..Tia’s is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season!! Accommodating parties of 30-500, to book please call 857-488-5387
M so good
Prosecutors in New Hampshire are taking the lead on investigation into death of 6 year old Camden Hughes of Irving, TX.
thx for the shout-out! Always great to connect w other "Jumbopreneurs"
love is louder than the pressure to be perfect
Again - WARPED Tuesday, if we can get 150 followers by then there will be a special promo code to get your order half off! Let's do this!
Hey there, (ESTeemModems), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
But I've saved recommendations for the next time I beauty supply shop :D
How to Make a David Lynch Film his 25,000 views today on Vimeo :)
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Meeting Evil
nice meeting you at Arnie Audiitions!
yes I kno...its gonna be hot...
Spring is coming! New menu soon. More dynamic "seasonal offering" on their way. Can't wait for the farmers markets to be in full swing.
I got a bug bite...on my foot
“: When you finally Think of the right answer, But you've already handed in your test -_-”
where da sun shine at need a light
I really like the complexity approach for some of my more patient kids; glad I'm not the only one who buys into it!
is going to bed. We'll be rehearsing tomorrow. Back in action FRIDAY NIGHT, Pineapple Jacks, 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. 10 pm. 9 Central.
Why is the whole car including Sebastian singing "Take Care" by Drake in unison? #RoadTrip to Cuse! lol
90 Percent of cats over the age of 12 have arthritis Agility for Dogs & Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
If my diploma says I graduated from Gonzaga and not The Real University, like 2 Chainz, I'm gonna lose it in front of everyone. #TRU!!!!!!!!
Pat, Chris, Alex ...
It's wing grind time, come threw and grub. I'll be working.
thanks for the donuts this morning. Definitely not a bad way to start the week after spring break.
LOVE smoking a cig right when I get out of the shower before I even get dressed. Let it permeate my skin and corrode me from the inside out.
Downtown. 37th floor
Love it! chastises R candidates for tactics antithetical to all our "Land of Opportunity" stands for
Whoever is calling from a restricted number: Grow up. Prank calling is one thing but you took it way, way too far.
Just picked up tickets for at Wrigley Field in September!
Especially when people copy the clothes i have. Like bitch, you didnt have them before I started wearing them. YOU DIDN'T EVEN SHOP THERE!!!
Bro, 2 hrs of sleep ?! Can't do it... *falls back asleep* tired as hell !
Let's make some magic again Brew Crew!
that was amazing, thank you!
Fly like redbull
At another training with , this time for shelter operation.
I'm working on a jingle for a cupcake bakery. They didn't ask for it, but they did bing us cupcakes. Maybe if I write it we'll get more.
If wants to smootch, theres only one thing your smootching
Thanks to Simon Habtemariam, Chris Hoiles, and for joining Friday on !
I look forward to it!
Tony, thanks for following us! Here's to hoping you find our tweets as amazing as we do!
I wish I had a used book on life, with notes in the margins.
Good things happening at #OpenMobileSummit. Please do stop by and say hi.
HA one mans trash is another mans...um BEST WORK!
RT : RT : Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful - John Woo
There's a carnival down my street this weekend, would a sexy guy like to be my escort there?
Yup. RT : Too many things to do, too little time, too tired. Simple.
The Guto is going to leave fossils around his apartment just so he can refer to it as ”the bone zone."
RT : Athletic Republic is where athletes who give 110% get the extra 10%.
DIY: Stay home and treat yourself to fabulous results with Mary Kay® skin care. You’ll save time and money with these proven products!!
UK's official athletics website has most of the baseball info you would need.
Could you please?
Exactly. RT : It's about time recognized that I'm influential about 'puppies'! (what. the. eff?) #UmNo cc;
Today is a big paperwork day... not the most glamourous part of the job, but it needs to be done. It looks so sunny and nice outside.
lol I was amped up for you
Praying for you and your Mom-in-law!
Can't wait to meet you, Jamie! Welcome to Denver!
#snl is pretty good tonight
Got a little rain from the hurricane, not much
Have you ever seen a 85-year old man do one arm push-ups?
how anyone can go more than one or two days without a shower is beyond me
LOVE how strong the Skins have been on turnovers this season!!!
i never twit and i heard that
fine tunes by the one & only RT : . is killin' it right now. Funk and soul. This must be a new show?
Hahahaha so true!
Scared of change.... you shouldnt be! Major suppliers cannot work the way that we do, no personal service, little flexibility with pricing..
VIA for brunch? Don't mind if we do! 11 to3, regular and brunch menu, full espresso bar and 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas!
Pitoitua had 19 tackles and a sack for #Jets last season after coming back from torn Achilles in 2010 preseason.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you ~
The ave. TV viewer age for championship events over the last 4 yrs fell within the 25-54 demographic. Young ppl are willing to watch live.
Haha, me too, but I want to see if I'm right or if Shane throws a curveball! The man is capable of such things!
I'm off today
whaaa? don't believe it! But I will check it out...lol
USGS ShakeOut scenarios - this was the top thing emergency mangers wanted from USGS
“: At the end of the day, we all just want to be loved.” so come find me people!!
This quarter system has me in school after everyone else.
Just heard the Browns on XM Satellite radio! Merry Christmas!
Haha..OMG!! I ran into the chair and i said ugh i ran into the door... Jay said wow u are retarded.. thats not a door!! XD
Funny, ur in my favorite neck of the woods--love DC! I'm always glad to meet another Detroiter:) Thanks 4 the feedback.
#Bucks game shakin
<<<#nf he's says the most random shit trust me lol
Another day getting home late... Effing starving. Yogurt for lunch was a serious mistake in judgment
RT : Why should you care about mobile strategies? Pew says 66% of young adults have a smart phone.
OMG...I understand why they call it a "pace bus.This ride is taking forever...
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade with booze. Gonna go buy one of those margarita packs!
Oh, I agree. It's better to write material potent enough to leave an impression than to write forgettable meh.
Scew , where's the queen ????
JUST SAW A NUTELLA COMMERCIAL. aasdfghjklasdfghjkl want.
Gracia :* RT Much love to you, Taurus!
Ha, yes!
Repack art farmadelic sunshine and creation
Finalized my research paper. One more day. Bedtime. Nighty night friends.
Forget Tyra Banks--in Room 407, I want somebody to be Reading's Top Model. If it begins with me, okay. Strike a pose (with a book).
A few of my fave Commercial talent descriptions: FEELS LIKE A REAL PERSON, NOTICEABLE DIGNITY, GOOD WITH DOGS
RT Whoever feels predestined to see and not to believe will find all believers too noisy and pushy: he guards against them.
Thanks Linda!
when does this shindig start! This is my first ever chat :)
Follow So So Def CEO/Grammy Award Winning Songwriter & Producer Jermaine Dupri
B. Benedict on Pope and booksellers starts by quoting Sense & Sensibility's Marianne "admiring Pope no more than proper."
Some into Santa Anna's pocket... MT : Today in 1854 the Senate approved Gadsden Purchase treaty, which gave Mexico $10 mil...
Pretty much as long as Aries/Ray is great, I'll be satisfied for the night.
We had some issues on the site today and yesterday. It's been taking care of. Sorry if there was any inconvenience. =]
can't wait!!
Ugh! Could use another week of vacation
A contest will be drafted by mid February, a new language for "Love in Any Language" in early Feburary, and lots more to come...
This isn't just about this episode. She's been lashing out towards Dayana and other women in the group for weeks.
thank you good sir.
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience
Ron Paul is the man. Why don't democrats for not chilling with this mangsta?
Bulls look like crap. Not gonna waste my time anymore with this game.
#blagojevich the former governor on the ground in denver. will report to a federal prison today to serve 14 year sentence
Between Liberties album is nearly complete!
The star means that you favorite it, which is like liking a status. And the arrows are how you retweet something.
you know who.
Hey pplz:D
haha good point....most of the time....mainly at work.
Two white cups and I got that drink. Could be purple or could be pink.
The oldest person to use Facebook passed away in July of 2010. At the time she had 4.962 Facebook friends and 56,000 Twitter followers.
you're never going to get married you crusty cunt
Is the most awesome person ever!
Way to go
": I'm Feelin Some Type of Way at this Point of Time; April 12 Need to FUCKIN Come Fast!!! #ANXCIOUS <3<3<3"
discovering twitter
Consider this tweet my RSVP for your faux wedding. Can I be your flower girl? I fit the height requirement.
Music is revolutionizing!
What is your favorite room in your home?
#ThatEx who was tryna be a thug but wasn't with the shit
WORKING ON THESE UPCOMING SHOWS
I find it a tough sell to be upset about Kurt being nominated about prom queen when Brittany being nominated for prom king is a joke.
It feels like I've talked about One Direction in every conversation I've had today...
The Amer Auto Assoc #A member website "Can't accept payments from Apple computers." I don't even know where to start.
not too much. Practice practice practice. How about yourself?
Ha ha! They might like that, though.
You should rank the flyers number 1 just look at their record
Naptime couldn't have came at a more perfect moment..
“: The Lobos are the only team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.” thats not cool at all
thanks for the RT!
me too! In fact, I'm the row behind you.
Bright lite!
I feel your pain
Glad you liked 'em Nathan :)
We'd sure like to work with on their website. They have a sweet mobile app and a powerful brand.
Beta Contest: Which Alganon Deity is "The Seeder of Life"? Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message. First 25 correct get into beta.
I think I just hydroplaned Haha
what is wrong with you!!! Seriously, show some respect, for real.
Oakland used to be 415 too
I must say that I am incredibly blessed to have found the man I did. I don't know what to say.
....... Idk what that's supposed to mean RUDE. But yes, I do.
WILD Storm in June!! good start to the summer.
Today I set up my 80 yr old mother on facebook. Tomorrow I'll get my 85 yr old dad on Twitter.
needs to get his butt to Georgia already! #WeMissYou #TextMeWhenYouLand :)
So, if Pitchfork rated Pandora stations, it would get like a 6.2?
Will I lose any credibility I ever had if I admit that I really like the new Train song?
I tried to keep an open mind when she first started, but she just sucks. Total nepotism.
I NEED SOME LIKES!
Rise n grind<3 Still raising money for donations from selling my pix! Who wants an aurographed pic?! :)
Real men/boys respect <3!!!!
I feel so alone since oomf don't live in GA
I hate websites that say "update account info with phone number" Bitch, I don't have a phone!! Sheesh, lol.
No ppl of twitter, rolling in the deep is not about bathing in chicken grease
I'm hoping for even a 25% improvement... Crummiest day in a while.
He who learns teaches, he who teaches learns. - African proverb
I swear today must b national drive like a fuckin idiot day!!!!
Flying Fortress
I love you. You are the best thing ever. That's all.
Back to the Future!!...
My grandmother used to sprinkle algae on all my food. I guess she was right.
when will the conference schedule be posted? Unable to access it online -- any help would be great!
Finally going to bed!
Yes, but I'm WAY more excited about my free Dunkin coffee.
you are straight up crazy, which is what I admire about you. but seriously, please don't over do it!.
Yea i dont care if i burn my hair out im not wearing a weave
Absolutely! A ferocious #ManiacalLaugh would follow.
City council moving arena/parking fund deal forward - mixed emotions throughout Sac but 4 now we're happy-we support all sports rec or pro!
Voted for tonight!
boy you've got my heart beat running away <3
Heading out to lunch with , , and
I go to a private school, yet we still dougie in math class.
Thank you and Jake for being generally awesome today! Cupcakes are serious business.
A life lesson can happen at any moment so PAY ATTENTION.
Thanks! Just don't try "chipper" before your morning coffee.
these are your students?
damn I miss my lil booski.
Witness Thomas Dimino: Vitale told me he was helping Sal "transition to the private sector" because he wasn't making enough money.
Happy mothers day to you! I hope you have an amazing day today! Thank you for giving us and :)
Well it's been one for the kid..LATER!!
Be yourself, everyone else is already taken(:
Playing at The Mill in Prattville next Thursday come hang with us and more.
I'm giving him my heart, I hope he don't break it.
when you get back from Rite Aid, I still have that CD you were after. You two have brilliance in common.
I asked pianist to step aside when I saw Paul McCartney sitting nearby. I played "Yesterday" and Sir Paul clapped. Then I introduced myself
Any evidence for this? The area between Mt. Vernon and Rt. 1 is very quiet at night.
#ListOfTurnOns white teeth and a nice smile :)
So milwaukee --people trapped in flooded cars. Marquette ave underpass.
I bought a nice mix of Rose, Viognier, Zinfandel, Muscato, and a Syrah, all produced on the west coast
Scaramouche! Scaramouche! Will you do the Fandango?!
Wow. Maybe I saw something else?
yeah, i'd take that. but i'm worried PP and Ray won't get healthy if they keep playing every other day this week
My best bowling score ever: 175. My avg: 108. Even a blind squirrel can find a good nut now and then! LOL
See you tomorrow at #rhvets. Propelling vets into the mainstream arts community is essential to bridging the gap.
i love yo tatt's how many do you have?
I do!
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.
lockout better not dragout
yea u right and may day is going pretty good so far.
chalk it up
bam. will talk your ear off about it afterwards.
thanks Carolyn!
replays of ROH?
Crazy day in the NFL! RT “: Fins have a lot of $$$$ to be a major player in FA! Should be exciting over the next 24-48 hours”
Soo I have school tomorrow, and this entire break I could've done my homework but did I? NO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
No war on Christmas in Indiana. Unless we're playing the opposite game.
the best companies are still experiencing staffing shortages of the best and the brightest. workforce planning key to success
The lions are no pushovers any more there record could have 2 and 2 now . The packers will get better
My stomach drops when I think about you being with somebody else.
what channel is it on
love you, too!
It is called in
New posts coming soon on Doing the District! Stay tuned...
Retweet if you want a shout out.
Gotta love baby mama...
Research reports / Silicon Valley may still be the biggest tech hub in the U.S., but New York City is now the fastest growing tech sector…
Late dinner, early bed after surviving the drive through Kansas. Will ease into DrupalCon mode tomorrow.
I'm in taco food truck line. A 2p to 4:45a shoot day for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT. I hear sitting thru the film feels longer.
Sigh, state action's breadth desperately needs to be reconsidered.
Going to Orange Leaf
Help wanted at Tea Pot Lounge...We need a sign holder from 3-6pm Mon-Fri. $20 cash per day. Please email contact info to
A big hello and welcome to all our new followers! Thanks for joining us :-) Don't forget our giveaway, contest ends next Friday!
There are so many tools (especially free ones) for companies to take advantage of, yet so many do not. So I appreciate your effort!
Trying to work "Dalé" into my daily vocabulary... Thanks Mr. 305
gunna demolish this chinese!
I have to say I had a pretty good break, back on the grind tomorrow though!
I also can't wait to go to a Reds game. I miss being at GABP.
Follow me back plz?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Boobs Attack
hey sorry I havn't tweet'd you i've been busy :/
Sweet Barking Cheese! We're past the halfway mark in our membership pledge drive to reach 1000 -- have you pledged to join yet? No $ down.
Had so much fun with you today(: Cant wait to do Hula
The #DaliLama says to remember that the future is open, and to depend on our self confidence and optimism to find the way.
please come to Texas!!!!! Would love to see y'all live!!!!!!
He currently works as an inbound marketing manager & product owner at HubSpot and recently authored The Social Media Marketing Book
I signed it
RT : RT : Weird that Zach Galifianakis is now worth more than Greece.
RT : I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me.
a meeting with someone who lives there. She suggested Columbia, but there's no way.
..i wanna stay up and tweet but i doubt Twitter will run these damn 4miles for me in the morning... fMl.
Shooting is going well on our scripted SAG short
Your "Unbelievable fortune" post feels very familiar. Thanks for that.
hahaha story of my life!
Well, I think you/ he voted correctly the first time.
I mean, that's basically your life now.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 5
Flow so tight its yeast infected
Hey, thanks for the tweet!!
legs are so smooth :) just shaved hahaah their like so soft haahahahah
you know, I hope we're not too busy trying to sound like wine and beating the macros that we actually forget about craft beer.
Just saw the video for fallout by and it was awesome.
of course...
Working on my Spanish project like a good student <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yea, we could go and see a movie. :)
RT : I need you to come here and find me 'cause without you I'm totally lost. -Pooh
Hey! Are you not where you were? Did I miss the memo?
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth Stupid moth
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
#schoolmemories When I was in 1st grade I had my first crush and it was a girl! :P
Then I'll help you promote your booty.
Mentally preparing myself for my 2nd 5K tomorrow night.
YES! You were MVP of Asian prom last year, I expect nothing less this year.
Planet Tennis Day 39 A week of eval.Look to be needing at least 2 more months tournament prep.Going to do whatever it takes.
get that on my floor, quarter past 3 make ya scream by 4. love that chocolate tan, melts in my mouth not in my hand ;)
RT : RT : Gratitude develops faith. The surest path out of a slump is marked by the road sign "thank you, God."
gorgeous eyes(:
Can we stop talking to this dude and go back to Kristen?
France manager Laurent Blanc explaining his decision to include Yoann Gourcuff in his initial list of players to bring to the Euros in June.
That's what I like to hear!
I thought about it but the more I look at them the uglier they get. I'll have to pass
yes, "verbalize" is a word, so you may be right.
Figuring out how to get to WBC? MARTA is sMARTA. Hop on to Arts Center Station and grab the free shuttle. Easy!
I know :D craaaaaazaaaayy. But you are too so at least I'm not alone!
Just ran out of gas on 130th street. Good job Nat
Been in extreme pain for over a week.. Still in a lot of pain but not as bad :-)
That was so random I almost didn't believe it...but it made my day nonetheless...lol
they were a great group! the staff and volunteers really enjoyed really working with the kids!
your are the baddest and realist on Mob wives don't let them phonies get to ya they are just haters<U+2764>
the schedule hasn't come out for that day but most likely yes:) but I have to go now! Nice talking to you:) I'll talk later
Racked up shawty
I thought Dick Clark was already a hologram or at least animatronic...
When my niece described #HungerGames to me, I thought she was talking about Timberlake's "In Time" which is a similar premise.
oh word. it should available this spring. we will keep in contact forsure. you have a myspace or anything man??
Please tell me how the fuck you get 2 detentions in the same class. dumbass teachers.
my phone is so annoying
Jr Smiths dunk...
Goodnight moon
follow me back?(:
To all that has chosen to follow me....Thank you! Hope your day is Super Fantastic!! God be with you all today....
Exactly! RT : Users care—they just care that it works, not HOW it works.
Got it, see some old tweets follow you for life.
Prove that pi is an irrational number.
So many gorgeous men how do you chose!
hi! just finished a live chat and was hoping u would join. i understand y u didnt tho lol i love u so much plz follow :) <333
There's no such thing a male thinks. There are ways people think, but not specific to gender.
i m stayin down here it still 70 out
we can only hope so. you're getting sleepy. click the buy button :-)
Changing regular workspace helped with concentration despite music from a prom / wedding reception. I should try this more often.
I gotta go with 1
lost my cell phone your phone numbers & name
I'm drifting off. Talk to you tomorrow!
Just left the San Diego Wild park zoo. Man I'm tired! Time for food and drinks :)
Up so early. ugh...
I'm so sorry to hear that. It might be tough right now. But it will GET BETTER(: trust me.
Can't wait to see & Live on Saturday ! Hit me up for Table Reservations and Guest List Info!
Hope you're enjoying that Christmas present!
What Misfits needs is a new singer/songwriter... I nominate myself... of the fiend... Dr. Herbert...the singer from the Other...
Out to din with the band...and grabs a soft tortilla and says, 'what if our currency looked like this?'
follow back so I can send you a DM
Dammit I'm headed to Nebraska...bye bye phone service
Wait, yup, just saw an email about it. No ticket info yet.
MT It's official. launches #publicrelations #causemarketing <Congrats!
I'm nervous to dye my hair ... I hope it comes out good :)
Wassup man! mentioned you & I'm a fan of the music man!!
#FireSpaz RT : i hope everyone is having a good day here in the acc every day is smilesday
maybe! Haha. I miss swimming a lot haha
Loving Keilani + Asia in the new T. Hoehne shots! :) x
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: CIA op Mockingbird planted and controlled media through 80s, headed by Bush Sr
Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another. 1 John 4:11 Be a good neighbor to others!
I'm really glad he's so tall that i can wear my heels and STILL be shorter than him ^_^
Digging out my desk from under the pile
my name is trending c:
#dtl2011 Interesting look at the history if distance learning at new attendees session
I dont feel like working today.
At CVS why they so damn slow ?
RT : #mspairport is my new fave. Legit mothers room, diabetic friendly, clean restrooms and friendly employees!
I havn't had a Steady DJ gig since last summer. Its hard finding legit business. But you can bet I won't stop. I'm #married to this shit.
For my texas followers im fore warning yall ima be on i-30 today lol
Thanks! I'm going to make this year a good one.
#ImHopingThat you feel the same way I do.
morning everybody
Prepare for holiday travel--could be snowing where you're going! Watch #Fox12Oregon for the latest about what you need to know.
Everyone on Fox has ask every expt. that comes on to contrub."Is Speaker Boehner in trouble with his Job"?Does Fox want that?
I feel kinda home sick
That's the same feather earring that has :)
I'm not sure why Sharon Needles wasn't the name of the singer of a band that toured w/ The Slits and X-Ray Spex back in the day.
you're supposed to be promoting a healthy lifestyle...why are you retweeting pro-anorexia accounts???
hell yeah what're you coming here for?
nevermind I gotta go to class ima catch u later
Just signed up #Vikings legend #ChrisDoleman to play #FantasyFootball against his fans.. Come on MInnesota fans think you can beat a legend
We need to picnic! Sunday might be nice-ish.
2cool for sleep
Oh, the acknowledgement is internal, not from them. Spoiled children.
Michigan's trending! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Rooting for Team USA
No one in their right mind would say no to that. Clearly you need to make a trip to Baltimore. (Cc: )
I lied
You know what they say in hollywood, "tough actin, tinactin!" Lol thank you for that
Still looking over my shoulder after last night's "The Walking Dead" episode.
Yes, Do IT! RT Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power. -Paul G. Thomas
Want to hear about a web-based tool which helps researchers create data management plans? Come to Constellation C
or too-er
now that's a super leak.
thanks Jen!:)
it was just so powerful. And I'm not sure if it was a good or a bad thing. Lots of energy, though.
Okay they left c:
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. ~Mother Teresa
i counted 45 bro tanks total today
This my life love or not I run miami
I've been telling her the same thing for years. LOL ...... Thanks :-) Yes - lets all get together for dinner soon!
oh that is a much better present, ha ha! :) #jealous #myguineasnevergivemechocolate!
Bout to have to beat terron ass for that
Me too! That show was getting a little old for me, but now it's all changed!
IT'S NOTHING LIKE IT...REAL SHIT
Word?? That's dope! RT : Whats good Fam-a-lam. I see yall got my man Jarrod on the Cruise!!!! Bananas.
If you're in or around #London UK tomorrow, be sure to visit | They are holding a MainEvent to cap off the #RSOP 2012 |
Lame “: Uh oh RT Hi folks, due to new BBC Twitter guidelines, responding to individuals and RTs can no longer happen.”
Carmen San Diego?
What are you drinking tonight? I am drinking a 2010 Castel Malbec 4.0 stars Inky, boysenberry, cocao, tobacco and spice.
RT if u love Austin Mahone and want him to follow you
Put Shelfari on there too. Looking good!
Well...that wasn't so hard... #Exhales ;-)
me too! RIP static
It's been a great first week at Broad Law Firm, LLC. Now to keep it up!!
s/o to -- Thanks for following, what's coming up... Check us out blacksouthflorida.com
Your my boyfriend, not my friend. Gosh. -act like my boyfriend.
Twitter is the rebirth of deregulated radio
But if I get rid of anything, that's progress. Looking forward to having things more organized.
my dad the competitive athlete NON-smoker lost his battle sadly, best wishes to you!
How's the first day? Will you get time to tweet?
arrived in Michigan to find out the BEST. NEWS EVER!!!!
Absolutely agree! and Karen are doing some really fantastic food down there!
Is everyone else's gmail down? Maybe we'll dust off those old AOL Free Trial CD's
Oh no. Now he's burdening you. He's been there long enough that I am sure you know what trouble can be.
Lol“: Friday will be the day drake makes eye contact with me and falls in love with me. Then we will have a baby”
I actually can't follow on FB because I only have the fan page and it will not let me only other pages:(
so whatcha been up to?
It's official: When I wear my blue cap, they lose... Red cap, they win. Death to the blue cap!!!
love your tumblr
with And -- the Bionda is delishhh
Want to work at a fun place? We're looking for a part-time stock associate. Call store for more details!
Digging the bright kits tonight
Thank you for the mention! //
Middleton girls win MG Track Invite, Verona 2nd
Well, Tumblr & Twitter are dead, Facebook's always dead. I'm all caught up on TV shows & movies. Guess I'll go read a book :)
"It, hell. She had Those." --Dorothy Parker.
happy birthday! (: <3
Are you going to a buffet to eat anytime soon?
you're hot.
David Cronenberg presents: Operation.
What a perfect fit.
Hey guys check out the latest apparel brand that I offer to print on. www.nextlevelapparel.com
Off to Heritage Christian
#Tweet your #mind... #imjustsaying ...
Ok, enough waiting. They better show me on #xfactor today or else.:)
all set for 7 pm on wed at L'Atelier.
3 days until we're underway in this year's Bourbon Chase.
party sometime?
The web team now says don't even come back unless you're packing breakfast for everyone!
OMG! put a whole page in their mag about ! hope they put a poster of her in the next issue!*fingerscrossed*
JAY LUMEN
Thank u so much for reading it! I'm enjoying my time interning & the blog is fun, I enjoy your updates on here each day :)
Manuel Montero: It's not about survival, it's about getting started.
on my radio play and ready for the party!!
R.I.P. MR. NICK ASHFORD, WILLOW RUN HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNIS, CLASS OF '59!!!!! YOU WILL BE TRUELY MISSED, FLYER PRIDE!!!!!
I'm good just sitting in an airport. How are u? And okay I will check him out.
When I met Matt Graham for the first time I pronounced his last name wrong I felt like such a jackass
I wish would follow me back!
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. - Jack Benny
And i'm allergic to mold, by that exhibit rocks!
- Finally, Something we can both agree on!
followed :) RT follow back please? :))
#Butler crowd @ this bar is great but to the advertising major from BU, not sure drinking a beer is classified as advertising - nice try!
his performances always make me tear up (:
Most of them will be back, you know!!!!
hello! i'm assuming you already saw the website. although very much a w.i.p., i was wondering if you had any suggestions!
Wmn are prone to alpha female/pecking order moments. It's NOT about our periods.
follow me? thatt would really make my day! please =)
well done! And , great idea!
When he's willing to watch 'the vow' with you.
Red Maple in Baltimore tomorrow night is DJing
awesome article on wine spectator.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be. It's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
Starting over at zero, once again and with no expectations. Hello square one, let's try this again.
Need an IT job in Dallas/Fort Worth? Send your resume to .
Nothin but love
U're so welcome. Saturday was a busy day! RT : luv R neighborhood eatery! Thank U 4 being open 4 lunch!
Loving at the #VMA's
but if they start telling us the truth then where will all of the wannabe Groupon writers go?
please be safe :/
Thanks, Matt! We appreciate that. If/when we do decide to create another video, I know the person I'll be reaching out to.
Double A+ rating, sounds like the beginning of the end. We deserve it for all the greed we allowed run this country.
#PinkTip Focus, focus, focus. Block out time to focus on your goals each day.
you know it's a cause close to my heart
In pre-op, IV in my arm. Assistant came in, asked me what I was having. Complete head transplant, I told him, but no sense of humor.
I'll start by asking all of you not to tweet anything political. You can do that, right? Just for me.
Hello fake. Everyone knows your fake and that is real. And RNG told us you were fake..You can stop now.. Thanks!
I really hate criminals!
Keep shinning! #HaveFaith ...
Hi Helen Hope you had a great morning I did! Nice to hear from you..
There’s something for everyone at Coyote Grill – authentic Southwestern meals, including gluten free, heart-healthy, and vegetarian options.
Next Wisconsin concealed carry class will be held Saturday, 5/19 at Hope Rod & Gun, McFarland. Sign up now!
I did, both times. Wanted to be #sensible and #plan for clothes, items, etc. Luckily I used everything twice, had 2 boys :)
imparts her wisdom yet again: "Large boobs. Small tees!" Boys and Girls, visit an amazing woman's page!
thanks Nicole. I am honored. Welcome back to high school (twitter).
nobody that won an award tonite was ay better then justin he i hot he is a great singer! he sudve wn at least 5 awards!
Okay...I'll definitely do that. Thx
Charles Barkley's losing too much weight in his vocal chords. He sounds like a troll.
": Love your work then you will find pleasure in mastering it. . #leadfromwithin #leadership"
My Mom says I am the only hell she ever raised! Now I’m Grown&Looking back... Damn It! She was right AGAIN!
hope u had a great time yesterday!!!
So tired still, even though I slept like 14 hours ... I think I still need to catch up from the ridiculous week and a half I just had !
We also need #Records Project Managers in #DC! Does anyone know someone who is interested?
More snow on the way ... woohoo!
Senate Dems fail to bring Budget to vote. Would show gross deficit. Power is more important to them than solving problems. Slime. Shame.
great court vision can toss the alley oop better than anyone a great floor general and we traded him for Felton
How do you handle the things on your to-do list that you know you need to do, but don't feel like doing?
Missed Taco Tuesday over lunch? We've got 75¢ tacos at dinner tonight! Not a taco fan (for shame!)? We've got Basil Chicken & Pasta as well!
weather in chicago
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded #YaDig?
This house does my head no justice but makes my writting pretty magical I guess hotels make my writting interesting 2 tho somaybeitsonlyme:p
Best tweet I've read all week! (NuWhoers, look it up) RT : The best bit is the stuff with the Garm.
No flag pin? No truck nuts? Know how to speak another language? You dont love this country!
OMG OMG Watching the SomeBody That You Used To Know Cover i <3 it so much
sure am!!!
Our stories must be told. Believe me!
Finished Day 9 workout. I'm all caught up! #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge 1
R. Cobb is worth a late first round pick in rookie drafts to stash away until the WR situation pans out
Who doesn't love a #chocolate giveaway?? Thank you !
Just got to see my little older bro... Funny dude. Wants to put a bounty on Tom Brady. Mario Williams you are up
That's a perfect stamp for that envelope. Great #showandmail as always.
It's lunch time at 5:43 and I woke up early.
Had a great meeting at the IAHC today. Can't wait to share our exciting news in the near future!
Separate online gaming friend groups is a complicated affair.
nothing, what's up ?
..are you creeping? Well hopefully you'll creep this. I LOVE YOU. (:
You know it's a good night when you get a bum to start rapping with you lmao
got to hear her sing the anthem at a Bulls game in the 90s. Amazing voice.
i don't want him!! Sanchez all the way!
Thank you - me too!
I fricken hate people who own cellphones but only turn them on when THEY need to call someone. HELLO what if I need to call YOU?
RT : RT "We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make, ...
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy. Someone who doesn't complicate your life. Someone who won't hurt you.
then they shoodv gave me1 of the 6 frozen tombstones they r getting for free that was in the cart..its a dairy product u no
#patriots all the way. Easy.
Don't be dissin' the Badgers now...you don't want an angry Badger on your doorstep. Just ask Scott Walker.
I can't believe I'm actually tweeting. I'm losing my sanity every moment I type.
I'm still glowing from all the fabulousness. Man, that was insane.
come see us at bar method point loma!! :)
...or Kate Beckinsale. Also a better choice for Catwoman than Anne Hathaway.
I was just there! I had an audition for a role on "30 Rock" today!
nice where at?
Looks a lot cooler there than where we are...jealous!
- I love the photo ur using as ur avatar. another time... another world. :-)
Twitter is dead today.
is on Mike & Mike in the morning talking 'bout none other than
I know how old I am, and as part of my profession, I can tell you aren't as old as me. you're a puma most likely
No problem!!! and thanks a lot, you have a great one too!
thx Darrin! Long time no hear. How r u?
Birthday in 6 more months. Growing too fast :/
Yes I drink. Yes I smoke. No I don't give a fuck.
don't know lol
this dude ran into my car on blanco he was trying to turn and he didn't see my car and hit my car on my side
RT : Sadly Christmas is a time of particular need for the RSPCA. You can make a real difference. Please donate to...
Drake put on one hell of a show last night. Thank You all for making it such a great success!
when your mad for what ? -__-
About to go onstage at the Come Back In... Hot Money's fav little juke joint
lol omg i am surrounded by pledge nation.
Does anyone have a list of additional recipes that fit the Phase 1 nutrition guidelines?
Started a new wiki wake up to teacher edits and additions via email Saturday morning. Cool!
"And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus." ~Philippians 4:19
Subject: Cody giveaway! and message: Just the proof that you talked about my website like a screenshot or something! :)
3 and 2 for Ducks. Beavs need a stop.
Well. Nevermind. Degrassi sounds better.
ignorance may be bliss, lack of knowledge is painful and frustrating...
World Egg Day! I appreciate and <U+2661> eggs. Not in sunnyside up form, but if thats your bag than yea! Just marvel at their goodness. Quote next.
still getting used to using windows again... new HD needed for my linux box
RT : Tomorrow is , free admission to participating museums throughout the US. Celebrate with us we're ALWAYS FREE!!!
time to find a library with a food court then! happy hunting!
hahaha you know it.
Well deserved Tom! Thank you for all your kindness.
okay you liked one picture of some random girl, why are you on my newsfeed?
We never should've lost game 1!!
Really? I went by this morning and there was a big chain with two key locks. I didn't test them though...
you rock! Love the cake, shame you didn't get a credit
How is everyone feeling today? I'm excited becasue this weekend I am seeing Nelly! Oh man, what a throw back to like seventh grade
I'm about to see it:) RT : \(-__-) RT : Who hasn't seen avengers?
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you
IM READY TO SEE HARRY POTTER!!!! :D #notaurewhenimgoing. :(
I'd stay away from the lady in spandex. I hear she's cross eyed. Lol
Going to Orlando !!!! <3333
you should follow
im gonna send you a message on fb so go on fb!!!!!!!!!!!
good to know I'm not the only one having #wifiwoes at
Self-touted "free thinkers": if you reflexively accept any skeptic's over-groping explanation for odd phenomena, you're not a free thinker.
sorry dude. Been working none stop.
Somebody DM me im bored:/
Ok, I'll cop to "metrics" -- it's the closest I'll ever get to using them. The rest....an abomination.
Everyone follow one of the coolest guys in Denver sports , the man responsible for Rockies, Nuggets & Broncos
Omg i have a feeling Nolan will get hurt !
We can do it Friday!!! :-) if thats cool with yaw
Incidentally the positive and negative side of living outside of cell coverage is not being able to check my feed all day.
Nailed to a cross with only 12 followers, he screamed "My God, My God, why have you forsaken me?" JC must have seen his life as an Epic Fail
Diabetics often get gum disease. Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may #diabetes worse. Reduce gum disease bacteria. www.closys.com
Thank you Celia Kelly Bredenbeck, you are so nice!
I think the judges will use a save tonight unless Elise is the low vote getter. They'll not likely save her.
What's up bitches?!? ;)
1ST BEER TIME
Tuesday hugs!
Saw you on Dave's.....You have one smokin A List Body !!!!!!!!! He sure enjoyed the undressing.........
In life you must keep reading between the lies.
If you give your life as a wholehearted response to love, then love will wholeheartedly respond to you. -Marianne Williamson
:( next time.
North Shore were the best out of this group so far. who would have guessed?
#HappyInternationalWomensDay! Celebrate peace and equality for the women in your life with love and light,
Checking back in with twitter after 3 months off. It was a busy end to a life changing year. no signs of slowing down in 2010.
You really coming, though? We need to convince that WBN puts on some of the flyest shows in Austin. (Fliest? Most fly.)
it's hilarious that calls their customer+tech support "account executives". Do they at least get to use the executive washroom?
Off work no work tonight bitches!!
Hi - hello from San Francisco -Bob !
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Buy any flat of live plants from our greenhouse and get a FREE tool (4 to choose from)!!!
You too!
Refresh your #mulch – If your #garden is looking a little sad lately, it might be time to refresh your mulch
Having a great day!! Thank u &Ariellle!!! Muah!!!
Eww yuck I don't like you even more now. The fact that u mention the pres is black speaks volumes about U.
we are planning something. I'm going to text you and we will plan it. I'm excited!!!
Anytime! Still no sign of the first ones coming back. Who ever got them must of really liked them haha
Term insurance covers policy holders for a fixed span of time, such as 5, 10 or 25 years.
SHOT ME OUT THE SKY YOURE MY KRYPTONITE YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK YEAH FROZEN AND CANT BREATH<U+2665>
why, hello gout... you dick.
especially if they are talking about you. :)
And it's officially the holiday season - welcome, #November!
Fun fact: Trish & Ed Ethdridge Certified Organics is one of the oldest organic farms in California
Well said!
Parents are on vacation 4 a week gonna invite boyz!!!!!!
YEAH YOU DID...LET'S JUST SAY DRAWING IS NOT MY CUP OF TEA HA!
you have to try - several NHL teams now using if you want a sample of the chemical free 3 in1 lmk....
I never discuss politics openly. But I am very disturb at how members of Congress continue to disrespect the 1st Lady.
Looking at the first instance of the new WordFrame Integra Document Management app as part of the platform. VERY exciting!
anyone have an Austin fanfic? tweet me please? :)
Whoo! 140 followers! Thank you so much! Now let's try to get 60 more. :)
I have an exam todaay/:
Okay, I don't know why I have the theme song from OZ running through my head, but it's starting to unnerve me.
got it! Decided on no hat huh? Hah
thank you hun
Lakers & Denver going down to the wire
just made another move forward with the tello connection! if you surf, it's in my bio because it's a passion but i sure need some lessons...
your agency anniversary is 's birthday! How awesome is that!?! Answer—Super Awesome!
I know I do :0
miss you, Mac and Asher!...cali, not so much.
My helper Ramiro was as fast as the Mexican Perez and saved a chipmunk that Flower caught.
volleyball tryouts tonight!
And Huddle is closed, too! Walk into in West LA -- 25 people in line. Don't think so.
the "I think I drive a hip-hop rappers pimp mobile because im now feeling richer effect"
<U+E22E> if you can't see that it my middle fingers lol
Today couldn't get any worse. Is it tomorrow yet?
Appreciate it! Hope to see you soon! RT : S/o to my new follower haha. Truly the best in the 916
Spring break is gonna be amazingly fun.:D
Did u get my tweets of a Feature Film Business Proposal in Pre-Produxion 4 2 STAR?
yes! Yum!
Up every level of everything.
Florida State ... just might be an upset. You think?
I have my moments....
Current mood: jazz flute.
First break tiny bit up - hilarious players, not the best dealers, not the best structure, but morale is high - 15k going to 3/6
Great to hear about the Drive OR prog The rub is we have a investor readiness program running right now
Poking your eyeball with your mascara brush <
give that guy the chair...i'll flip the switch myself.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Wagyu Steak Night and 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine starts at 5pm, do you have dinner plans?
"Without proper lighting, furniture looks dull, artwork just hangs and even your food looks dull and unappetizing"
I heard that she wasn't coming back yesterday.... And starr from oltl signed a 3 year deal....
Lebron use that headband to hide his hairline, that dude gonna start wearing gloves to hide his hands. NO RINGS
Damn #Pacers bringing that A-Game tonight homie
That's no shade at all...I feel it...Im still finding myself musically.
I feel bad for people with evil intentions you will not prevail against me-
Dancing with my Demons wouldn't be sold out 2nite without the guidance of my amazing director and acting coach
lmao so dumb.
U dont detect early breast cancer in yng women w/ mammogram s U Find it old fashioned way 1 breast exam at a time
OMG... i have just a few minutes to say... MC.A is not dead... he just went home..
at work, ROCKIN' the ISH out of this Purple Rain soundtrack like it's nobody's business!
he still suck bulls suck its all about memphis
Allow me to re-introduce myself. My name is love, L to the O-V & dont forget the letter E."NinaDetox"
Santorum is in that dreadful stage where, no matter what he says, no one is really listening.
I hear a sweeper coming for the Lakers. :)
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? xx
It's Nicole! Actually I was wondering if u could pick up a friend at airport...1/2
on coaching in a resistant culture. Do you want to participate?
wait. are you moving here? because Chicago could use a little bit more awesome.
My band. Actually Lars Horace. RT : who would you like to see tour with me this summer?
John Jenkins and Tim Glenn are the best two I have ever seen at shooting and hooking the leg of their defender.
These mexicans working on my house are whistling and singing while they work, I'm sitting and watching them through the window.
Shoot to BK tmrw and witness the best backcourt in basketball.
Grey and rainy Sunday- hmm......Looking forward to Mexicali jazz fest in two weeks ! It's gonna be hot just the way I like it.
Loving Gwyneth Paltrow's Tom Ford dress and cape
Happy Friday! :-)
Life goes on, people move on
I hate when you're gone .
possible innovation on "The Sully": add olive water instead of plain to make it 2 shots grey goose and a splash of (suitably) 'dirty' water?
I think we're free! I promise to laugh really loudly even if you aren't funny ;)
Will this NBA lockout be longer or shorter than in 1998-99?
how old are you?:)
#KNICKS vs #HEAT at 7 #RANGERS vs #CAPITALS at 730 where are you rooting on your #NYC teams tonight? is where its at!
guess what!
We need to come up with a good hash tag for Bob Knight and show the power of
I just told a debt collector "Call me back December 22nd,if The Mayans were wrong I will pay you."
My head is pounding so hard
bye all I want I love you
M*V*P move by BRON!!!
I thought I had passed you!
Sat down with a friend, and pretty much is pushing on a job search in life. He gave plenty of good advice!
I would rather hear about my friends sexual abuse than hear they took their life b/c they thought that no one would understand.
“: welcome to the fam!”congrats!!
Gig tonite at Chapin's Fish and Chips on Lower County Rd. Dennis. Come on out and see Nuthin Fancy at our next to last summer show here.
Malibu's Most Wanted is hilarious.
I behave now. Check ur dm
RT : “In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act." - George Orwell
Woot! Good luck
In a coffee shop just now, I heard a dude dressed as a pirate giving his friend massage therapy advice. It was so Portlandian I nearly OD'd.
like right after school gets out I thinkk. You needa come over again
Did We Have Chem HW! O.o
Go to mungerart.com and see Roseann's work. Fabulous! So proud of her!
you know it'd be a waste to be in Ohio...which is so close to indiana and not stop by!
really that's not even funny.
#TurnYouOn is on ITUNES EVERYONE!!!! GO GRABB A COPY OF IT RIGHT NOW!!! SERIOUSLY!!! #SWAGGY:):D #LEGGO:)
What about a "hardly" ironic form of transcendence? That said, I'll take transcendence where ever I can get it.
after today I am feeling a bit like my resume maybe too extensive for the Asst Editing jobs ive applied to; how do you combat this
Northwest Bank purchases Spencer Bank of America location, three others - Spencer Daily Reporter
honestly cannot understand why you think 6 elderly men have anything to say about birth control
They do not eat with us during the session. Dad is usually @ work. I've asked mom to come join us but... *Shrug*
Will we ever have a football season?????????
Exciting night for and youth !
Go restrain him ! RT : St Mary's coach comes out to argue call, gets tossed, ump screaming he'll be suspended.
I see a Mediterranean cruise in my future. First stop, Barcelona!
7 loaves of zucchini bread made, all dishes and laundry are done. What to do with all the peaches....
just down here grinding in the M-I-M-I. How are things with you?
What about the Nascar Race??? Gas mileage???
Checking out & watermarking the #TechKaraoke #SXSW pics. Wow, you guys re are SEXY crowd! They will be up SOON!
Hi! My 3 little ones-Charo, Romeo and Flossy-say hello! :)))
Your such a perfect arrangement of atoms.
i trip nasty working out and pulled a ligament on my foot lol -.-
your boy did it again!!!
Always strive to do better.
I am the 1:141. Three dollar winner, thanks to #23. Happy birthday,
I think my ancestors are stalking me I'm obsessed with trying to find out who the hell I keep visualizing
pure terror. also, miss you so mucho.
Have you seen the Y combinator def carved in the sidewalk near the CP Metro? A little awkward for a tag but as geeky as it gets.
12 chapters in 6 weeks. Can I do it?
Happy Mother's Day to all you lovely dames, past and present.
May the 4th be with you! LOLOL
Shoutout to new followers:
Get ready! Launching FREE dvd magazine for businesses.
Feels good to get off work
Probably eating food in front of him or talking about Keke Palmer.
the singing videos I mean
sorry to hear that...I bet they have grown quite a bit. New day and it will work out. I know they appreciate your hard work
Our delayed flight is now re-delayed. Delayed-delayed? Delayed squared?
Sorry to hear that! DM us the deets of you'd like and we'll take a look.
aight pussy cat. Why tf r we talkin on twitter righ now?
Bro. I saw Poema live last night. For free.
That doesn't sound like a good idea.
Why do people on Facebook feel the need to put tons of exclamation points at the end of their sentences? It's not that exciting.
nope. staff courses mean professor has not yet been assigned.
oh your very welcome! :D <3
This Thurs and Fri, 11am to 2pm join us for the holiday edition of "From Trash to Treasure". Re-purpose your holiday "trash"!
Might interleaving content with multiple exposures raise the likelihood that declarative info moves to long term memory?
“: let us know about the next event sooner so we can book” accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details ...
Omg Pat Baby is looking at his daughter in a very unfatherly way.
Not too mad bout missin the game since I'm at work I get the play by play on twitter lol
so! That don't mean you can't get it!
Lovely evening w/ Mr. Nunzio Moudatsos. and at = flippin' hilariousness
What's up, #Brevard? Just a heads-up about the 'Welcome Home Veterans' parade & Concert in Downtown Melbourne April 14th, 4PM - 1AM
trust us really soon.. Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
awesome cheers!
I'm mobile - that's tough
Gota get back on my twitter shit thats why I been on it lately lol
Same here. RT : #redsox signing mark prior. cant hurt. once great. rooting for him to come back.
What's more stimulating, cat videos or "Mad Med"?
Hi Darla, saw your report on Trayvon Martin case. The shooter was a "self-appointed" neighborhood watchman, an important point.
Hope our new followers have had the chance to check us out!
Were I a savvy businesswoman, I would start a line of paper goods directed at churchgoers.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl
I will always be there for you. I LOVE YOU.... No te cambio por nada en el mundo!!!!
a hole.
haha very true, they should disable the publishing in coursework myth and instead emphasize, "you may publish these...someday"
I agree that the music wasn't the highlight of the film. I will say that I walked in happy and walked out happy.
preparing Bellona Destroyer of Cities for MAC Creteil's Exit Festival....
I might hit up KK tomorrow morning EARLY on my way to work. But we'll see.
cant wait til this weekend! me and are doing another blog=)!
I just found out that my sister spiked my cup of water with clear benydril... Now I feel sleepy...
i wont stop and never thought you were shy lol
some more very exciting news is coming soon. Let's just say some of our future classes will involve digging in the dirt!
this calls for some K3 festivities before
very wrong/disturbing/awkward/gross stuff then after that I hung out with Gune but she had 2 go home so I just decided 2 go 2 a
“: I think I'm going to make tacos tonight :)”>>I want some!!
Working on a project that's gonna change and benefit the westcoast music indurry
thanks for following!
Good! Not sure if I should post any more of my songs. lol <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Oh wow - easy!
...MLA2013 session includes my colleague as well as and a couple other collaborators
Here goes nothing. About to see a patent attorney about an idea I have. Hope it goes well.
#fridayreads finished Everglades by White & started Blackwork by Ferris (catching up on my series reading)
Glad you liked it!!
Birthday Girl :) Going To Have soo much Fun !
And i just realized that one of the 2 projects are due tomorrow and i havent even started it.
Congratulations ! You all have won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! Please DM us with your info.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Starter jackets, please. RT If people are going to bring back the 90s don't bring back Dwayne Wayne glasses or Cross Colors.
Lmfao , me & Kierra wave at eachother everyday at the bus stop , lol - Routine *
I know! I'm getting really pumped for this event, it's going to be a good time. :)
You just read my mind with the 420 thing. I go through this every year! Haha
Leaving silks grinning like a damn fool...
California sun is turning my hair blonde. AH.
Almost time for Rachel's shoot. It is like Spring here in Indy today! I love days like today!
unfortunately we do it for the love of the game. The designers took all the money :(
Brian Quick goes off the board to St. Louis. Most seem to expect Fleener to go to Indy next.
If I would have got one dollar for every time I sang a 1D song, I would be a billionaire now.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY WOO HOOO !!!! YEAH ME AND A FEW OF MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA GO TRICK OR TREATING LIKE IDOTS
how good?
I walk into the Post Office while texting and who do I see there too?
is my #BOYFRIEND in #2HOURS I BETTER GET SMOOCHES. xoxox
to the weekend bc then i can relax and meet my friends :) School starts everyday at 8 o'clock and goes until 3 o'clock PM ;)
I wish we were 20 god! I just want to spend every min. With Laura and my BFF
Its between a Taco muncher and a vegan pussy?
Dang the whole crew was on today. Like every single one. <3
Awww Guys! Follow he's cool!
Ok my 1 year old kids just got a Levenger catalog in the mail, _addressed to them_. $Insert something_about_scarily_omniscient_marketing
"My girlfriend's name was my dad's middle name."
Ours is the REAL bruce hornsby :)
congrats on your new position. GIG 'EM!
I can't get stoked about the Space Shuttle flying around the country on the back of a plane. It screams "It's over for the US in space."
The best hope of solving all our problems lies in harnessing the diversity, the energy and the creativity of all our people. – Roger Wilkins
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the employee who was killed by an explosion at Stimpson Lumber in my home state... blessings
Nah. We're Just Players!
Did you know that is the only independent Apple Authorized Reseller of the iPad in all of Anne Arundel or Prince Georges County?
How can facebook be that popular and their app suck that bad?
Tearing apart the user satisfaction survey and having a "wow I really learned something in library school" moment.
Glad to see Roebuck win in #pa188 - a HUGE message to the education privateers. Is Mayor Nutter listening!?
lol just giving you shit, have fun
Definitely Aykroyd. Definitely. RT : who stopped being hot first—Dan Aykroyd or Chevy Chase? Evidence points to Aykroyd.
my bob just informed me that honda is having trouble getting cars
Don't "shoot" the messenger
You have been and are to be A great Blessing to my ministry. keep us in your prayers as we do you.see you in Detroit soon.
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
Meek Mill voice >
Na. Was going get season tix but Os didn't offer a good pack. Prob going to stub hub
Do the days one can smell his own breath count as near death?
I was gonna see the hunger games but my friend took his little sister & minutes before it started she started feeling sick we had to leave:/
we'd love to see a new babble and beat :) but that's us. you get it running let us know what ad rates are and we'll be there
THE MEMORIAL DAY JUMP OFF SUNDAY @ XCLUSIVE DOING IT MAJOR!!
5000 4x6 Postcards Only $175 >> NYC BROOKLYN Specials! Call 1-800-PRINTING Today!! Full Color Printing & Graphic Design
If not you have to be willing to change the image of your current self.
Drupal wins Packt Best Open Source CMS award! When will they start the Best Open Source CPF (Community Plumbing Framework) competition? ;-)
i want my nose pierced now ;-;
Want a #nude special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Wen u on twitter an dont even know wat u want to tweet:-)
W/ these relevant data points: Astrid kicks ass, Pacey is lame, Lincoln is better, and Anna Torv and John Noble are amazing actors.
People have some really rude things to say tho. :( She was a beautiful and talented woman!
It really helps center and ground you. Feels great. and this is from a reformed HYPER planner
you will make all A's and then go to work and find something else to be stressed about. Lol
Fist full of dollars and Nuclear warheads!
Hope the Florida weather is cooperating! Give our best to and everybody at the user's conference.
To me, no matter how exciting his intro, the preacher hasn't started until he says "the Bible says..."
Laying here wit stupid bad cramps
Yes, but not the underwear.
Living life with out pain killers awesome
QPR I pissed at you and Man City u r unbelievable u just gave championship away and they r playing only 10 men
My mood today <<<
you are so right...beautiful inside and out!
get off the couch and enjoy finals week at the Coug
keep it classy Toledo.
,was today and saw lots of faceoff stuff!
Ate my tasty salad way too fast
thank you. I didn't catch the beginning.
Oh hush. Just do it. Math is very important. School itself is important.
Thank you! :)
they have to beat the "Superbowl bound" Detroit Lions first. Should be a great lion victory on Sunday :)
Did you get it?
AL HELL NO.....SMDH.....I'VE SEEN WORST THAN THAT!!!!
we made it up, but figure we call it "say and SLAM!"
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!:))))
I wish - but no. I don't even have a Kegerator, but if I ever do . . . give me an arduino and some freetime to play...
I am REALLY enjoying your "guitar after 6" album on spotify!
in my experience change doesn't just happen because its demanded...it takes chipping away to realize things
We thank all of you who have shown us gratitude!
A Review of the Confessions of a Lazy Super Affiliate Affiliate Marketing Course Article by Brian Garvin Ever overhear stori
And now I see another tweet that says 'I ship Zavocado' omg I'm officially dead what the fuck is zavocado omg.
Take a break from your shopping for a breakfast burrito at seasoned with Green Chile Rub!
Merry Christmas to all!
I'm inside the cafe section - I've got us a table, near the window
Life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V
What's up business guru. We're a startup fantasy sports website. Got some tips for us?
Meaghan's Party Was Pretty Funn, (:
The deadline for L.A. Fall 2011 program is May 2nd! Hurry and apply now!
Exams! Night guys
Way to go Montee !!!! You dumb shit
your welcome(:
SAT next month and havent done one thing for it
My nigga Kobe feeling himself
were gonna sit infront with everyone cause it's a pep assembly! So just come with me. Lol. They can come too.
All of this pounding on the typewriter is making me hammer at the keyboard on my laptop. Oops.
On the plane heading to #GIS12 in Las Vegas.
no man dies alone. rip fop3
Wish the GAB meeting was on the Wis-eye cable feed. My daughter demanded PBS kids. Thanks Elmo, for telling her about it ... jerk.
play draw something with me! username: m4b
well it looks like im the only one lol
what else are u obsessed with that I am?
Opinions to myself? Here y'know what. Your 22 right? Got "involved" with her. Now tell me THAT'S an opinion.
Thats so cool!!!!!
You are very welcome!
TBS needs to do one of those 10 year anniversary of an album tours.
at least I'll have money to do stuff
The Think Like a Man Soundtrack >>>>>
FOR MEN: This medicine may rarely cause a prolonged, painful erection. Contact your doctor if this happens" Well now i'm just scared
Tuning in to #EDULIVE and Big Data
its all about little bitches dooe!
OH SHIT it's Friday the 13th :o
Grades are due 72 hours after a course's final examination.
Well, says to spread the word about So here I am. They give us the gift of STASH IPA, Austin Amber, & others!
Thanks for spreading the word!! :)
Act Like a Big Grrrrrrl in Bongo at 4:30. Come see these amazing women!
listening to It Was Written at work...makes for a stress free work place...
bay i love you
..... GAVIN DEGRAW!!! He makes my morning.
are you in Vegas yet? What's your schedule look like?
What is the SocialMedia wifi connection at Miller Park?
let's go
damn near broke my hand moshing with some gorilla
Just spotted: GCSE results day 2011 - live blog
No i'm sorry for leaving you harrison and tanner..But you're welcome anytime!
I just brought home the globe you gave Emmet. He LOVES it! Thanks!
k give me 10 minutes
good very busy
I promise when Monè destiny comes alive ima keep all yall followers:))))<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Can you link where your convergeSE slides are?
increase your credit score with credit repair
Thanks for the interest. However I am no longer managing Tawn P. You should hit her up directly and set that up.
: I'm bored.:D drink a hot cocolate? you???
this monkey's gone to heaven.
Every body stay safe this weekend
": throwedmind210 nice, seems like you should do their promo" That would be an HONOR!
don't get me wrong, Barnes has made Texas a NAME in hoops, recruited well. Do I think he can "coach"? No evidence.
Good morning! Waking up to another cool morning but temps expected to be in the 60's today. Weather+traffic every 10 mins. Who's up with me?
Tickets to tonight's Iron Fork event are sold out. Thanks to everyone who purchased tickets! Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
Cool stay focused
It's amazing what a few years in college can do to your views on "flirting" and "dating". Bye bye, Disney.
I will be here till the 25th!! So excited to see you, I can't even stand it
the man who promises to always buy me taco bell can have my heart.
is busy hacking the mainframe.
Seriously. I thought were DEAD! Those "shoes" suck people!
Hiphop/teaching conference July in WI. Looking forward to it.
nice to meet you in LA - great talk
it all counts! Anything involving Torrey Pines is a rough workout!
have trained twice in a salt water pool now. Love it, except for the chapped lips ; ) Makes me feel like I'm at the beach!
Take a Hike Day! 3 Rules of Mountaineering (consolidated) - Its always farther, taller and harder than it looks!" Get out and walk around!
Ha. It was the only picture worthy fish all day. No matter the size, they all taste good for dinner.
FH Town staff is working tirelessly toward preparation of 2010/11 DRAFT Budget. Great citizen collaboration will be need for best result.
map projection from the this Wednesdays panel on Participatory Urban Planning via
Genealogical Research & Writing: Are You a Saint, Sinner, or Bumfuzzled Soul? Love that title, and hope I'm not bumfuzzled.
That looks ingenius! I'll take a closer look. I keep thinking about Kenneth's idea for "Bird Internet" on 30 Rock.
no the fact that presale tickets are all out in only a little over a hour :/ didn't even get a chance! Ha
Me 3 months ago: omfg can they just WMYB on the radio already please ---me now: omg not again why do they always play WMYB stop
M! Sounds delicious!
There's A Reason For Everything.
Her love of America was profound and her personal concept of "American Amaranth" was engrained in all her children as they grew older....
I don't tweet anymore. Thanks #Facebook mobile!
They say at the end every thing will be alright so obviously it's not the end yet!
: cant wait to see u in a game dominating dudes
hey bud i know some of yr friends. im from cleve, lived there most of my life. if you come to SF we should play a show!
Like I'm really glad I have boobs and not a penis. So squishy >.<
been tryin to get in contact with ya bro. holla at me
New listing in #Stapleton will be on the market tomorrow and open Saturday 1-4. www.toddholmesrealestate.com
Congratulations to WVU, my alma mater, and good luck in the Gator Bowl!
I always enjoy your reporting! Keep up the tremendous work you do. TJ
thanks for the RT!
thanks I'm working real hard to hopefully help the team however I can
“ Celebs Should Be Following Us....If It Wasn't For Us The Wouldn't Be Celebs!”
If anything good has come out of #hlth situation it's that I've found lots of interesting librarians to follow on Twitter.
Good morning :)
so cute!
is streaming the girls state semi final basketball game in the library. Go Eagles.
Planning to show-off DC to some New Yorker friends at Take THAT NYC...
Good try - hard fight - next year!
Ah... IRB. Don't you love them?
"I have an income!" Does that mean you got a job?! Details please!
Just burnt my finger on my curling iron. :(
Goose Island !“: If you could go on a free camping trip to any campground in Texas, where would you go?”
3 weeks until #Graduation!!!!
That is a good one for you today
Our new single, I Am the Dr, will be available this Monday July 25 on iTunes...help up make it into the top 100!!!!!
All right, getting down to business.
Kobe jus faked the hell outta dude!
how many followers do i have ? said 1,000 , i see 999 ..
Yo. Follow me.
it's dope!
Sheesh my bae gotta work Saturday & Sunday :( Ugh. Sigh
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up. ~Chinese Proverb
Hello Emi great to meet you here on Twitter.
These white bitches be bout funny as fuck. They be arguin like shit and then they wanna start kissen
Not even worth it.
#2BeHonest I hate the Packers..... but they're such a good team!
Notice how I didnt say "the motto", you're all welcome.
"Can I go to the bathroom?" "Say your ABCs first" "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ" "Wheres the P?" "It's running down my leg"
As an Indiana resident, I haven't seen any Rupert ads....for or against.
omg! did my dad jus follow me?! (wat in the world is going here!?)
You never disappoint :) We had a birthday brunch celebration and the bottomless mimosas were great!
turn on Lions game. “: R the Bucs really this bad? Unreal. Just when u think it can't get any worse, it gets worse.”
I had way too much fun there...I owe it all to Debbie G. I had to follow in her footsteps :)
Names for me.
Sugar can keep your collagen from regenerating, that =’s WRINKLES!
Can't wait to get my Lytro! I'll wait on the new iPad...
Just hit 1,800 likes. Keep tagging! We want to release some free music for you guys!
hahaahahahaha loving that response!
Can someone please teach me how to play #lacrosse?
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central. They cleaned up my watch & replaced the battery for free. :)
So busy working today that I forgot eating!
Hola Person! How was your day?!
My PHPHandbook tried to trip me.
-poke poke- hello miss :D
Get better man. Glad to see you're alright.
Should I stay up to watch Carrie or just wait till tomorrow?!?! Hmm...
I Should've Kissed You, but you had halitosis
sounds like a fascinating conference.
And thanks for the follow!
Seriously, I'm 32 years old and still don't own a jet turbine engine. There is no excuse, this must be remediated.
Wow that movie was so friggin emotional :(
These carnie folk are the most
Well this has been an odd morning.
Only FIVE SCENES away from the first (very) rough cut!!!
cold clearing up, family coming to visit for the afternoon. turning in to a good day.
unfortunately no. We can do next day if it's early enough in the morning... Thanks for thinking of us though. :)
I feel like people who say that college hoops is better than the NBA haven't watched the in a while
stepped up the cologne game from the curve to the Armani finally! Can't wait to see ya broskie!
Ah, yes. Right, then.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
lol, perfect. A fifteen-second walk versus my fifteen-minute drive
#AustinOnEllen that will be the best day ever<3
Hey Dino! This is Todd and Dino. We will see you soon...PLEASE?!?!
says not to pack crisp cookies and soft cookies in same container. Crisp ones will turn soft. Thanks!
hi i am a internet worker
Thank you! I hope your day is great, too :)
Love those caution lights at Texas!
I think a little Really Rosie is in order for the next two class periods to celebrate the work of Maurice Sendak.
RT : Special Guest Musician Keller Williams confirmed to join at Memorial Coliseum on November 14th!
Should I make this account MostDopeMahomies or keep it my personal....
all 50 should be devoted to me!
"Demons are dying" - gaylor
Sarah went last night as well with a friend. Dressed as house elves.
#nytmuseums What about museums temporarily lending devices to visitors so they can experiment with SM tools
I dont get it, since when does the NBA have a say in that?
When someone asks you to do something for them but doesn't tell you why, that means DON'T ASK!
DW, SoCal racing is hurting this morning. Closing down Irwindale Speedway. We need some help. Spread the word and pull 2gether.
so sad this is the last time we are seeing you with Grant :'(
Why does black tea make me puke in the morning but not coffee? Well you're not treating my MENTAL HEALTH any longer why not my INJURIES???
Better to live one year as a tiger than a hundred as a sheep. ~ Madonna
Nah not sure what the move is yet afterwards
Done it. Pretty civilized.
outcome of those adjustments are
Two more followers until 470!!
Looking forward to #relayforlife later tonight with and then hanging out with some of my favorite friends....can't wait.
are definitely going on that running playlist!
I'm only packing clothes that make me feel writerly in the mountains. Dress for what you want to do.
You fat hefer, you SERIOUSLY don't need to eat ANYMORE! Aight?
O U CAN REPLY TO HIM RIGHT
that's awesome
yeah. Im tryin to get down there before summer.
On my way to Planet Fitness!! #Team 8 Pack
of course not....cannot wait til tomorrow 8 central chi-town bound!!
they think im 2 fat nd ugly for a guy like him :/
What is going on in Motown?! #Blackhawks have 2 goals straight out of the gate? Let's go !
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe not getting enough sleep
Mom: "You aint gonna say hi to your dad? If It Was Me: "Where's my child support check?"
I told myself i was gonna do throwback thursday...
Now following back & Thanx guys!!!!
Getting ready for school :) I hope i have a GRAND day
Interlink for CommitCRM adding built in customer satisfaction surveys and real-time engineer csat ratings.
: Hasn't he heard the story about the widow's mite?
so jealous
i think he does. :/ well it probably dont matter. do you know how many girls at my school have a crush on him? ALOT.
Mission and New Montgomery. Doors up at 11:30.
Lol I got my baby on my favorite artist, !! Dats a good look :)
Every moment you get is a gift- Spend it on things that matter- InSpotter mobile app
oh I thought you said that I rode a horse named Mario hahaha
I'm so glad!.. I learned alot that night , esp how narrow I have been. :-) will be going live this afternoon
I finished listening to The Art of Fielding by Chad Harbach. I enjoyed much more than I expected.
Lmao! Jerry Sloan at the Jazz game and doesn't even have the best seats in the house...good job Utah.
Hi Ella...love the pictures of Rocky!
you should add my bbm pin: 28A0B6C1
yeah totally girl
I love your show. From nyc
Lebron James chokes in the playoff jokes to commence... NOW!
Mapping Museum Content: many historical photos w/ geolocation info+multi-interfaces: we can play w/ both at AAM in Philly this May!
Anyone knows what happened to Nimsoft Ondemand? No sign of it on Nimsoft website.
i want chinese food so bad
I'm bored on break at work and tweeting you has made it go faster haha
Very doubtful. Look for Thompson to add a couple RB's by signing undrafted free agents. Starks/Green are talented and cheap.
Bad #chess night. Grrr. Frustration.
Mailing out copies to mags and blogs next week for potential review! Last time I did this it cost me $100.00 in stamps!
heyy guess what im not mad anymore know why i stole my moms donut :D
The moment when u r confuse of who u like cuz there so many cute guys around lolz smh
for everyone that #follows i will #follow you back. dont be #shy and #talk to us too
A lot better <3
had a great night with a good friend - saw Pirates and loved it, dined at the Franklin in SB and loved it, but the company was the best!
When did working with people turn into baby sitting
#Celtics survive and advance! Boston beats Atlanta, 83-80, in Game 6 to eliminate the Hawks. KG: 28 points, 14 rebounds.
I'm in #NYC today to share news of with #opera colleagues
You Coming To Our Party ??
Former manager of youth hockey rink in Lynn charged with having child porn on his computer. Latest at 5:30 on
just spoke in favor of the at&t/t-mobile merger at the public utilities hearing... what do you think?
Park is always fun with my boys (:
Arts Center of the Ozarks. Jennifer L Fay & Michael Zoller starts May 3.
I saw that a long time ago. So funny.
At until 9 tonight, come in and see me for a cut or color!! :)
brokers on Wall St. Associate Norward&Snipes w/Wesley Fenty-Norward Securities what's a Few xtra Million
I always carry "green" oil on my truck, Valvoline nextgen. We come to you for a change.
Well today was extremely uneventful
RT Great chat with today. very excited about the hard chargers in the industry. #nowgen is where its at!
Like. :-) God Bless your ministry and I look forward to supporting you in it.
done and done
So is like 30 minutes away from my house, and my parents won't take me :,(
On my mommy's birthday. Such a bad friend. :O
North Carolina come on and raise up
Home repair: Padded vinyl flooring is easier on the legs
#EXHAUSTED All I need I wanna do is chill out and watch the season finale of #theoffice with green tea and a sleeping pill if necessary lol
we are here to care & share... see I have been reading my #socialmedia etiquette. I am learning :-)
Some people only come around when they're going through bad times, or if you're going through good ones.
I just wanna get out of this damn strapless bra...
Hey Maria! Follow me!
and hosted 's band for rehearsal today...
Thanks man, much appreciated! It went really well.
Just got an email, and I'm excited for the Webinar: Measuring Brand Outcomes of Social Programs. cc
66% of people choose to use social sign-in over traditional sign-in
RT : Best Buy releases results of an independent investigation into personal conduct allegations of former CEO Brian Dunn. (1/2)
I would do anything to be back home right now
Some shit happen. And plus i waited till the last minute.
Bryan I want you to drink a gallon a sour cream. I know Carrie and she loves guys that do that
Great rehearsal tonight. The new song is coming together nicely!
Is it weird that I can't sleep with any closet doors open? As if something was in there, like it wouldn't open it and kill me at night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Mother Nature has doubled her tornadoes this year so far...
Why we reppin hoods , When we get rich we don't say we from this block , we say we from this city
It bothers me when attempting to make conversation with him but feeling like he doesn't want anything to do with you.
or people see you tomorrow
thank you for a lovely date last night... You keep me laughing & smiling! 1000000 hats off to a REAL MAN!
they aren't fighting yet, it's the Mosley and Canelo right now.
hi (: missin you baby!
Let's start multitasking w/ #tweetdeck. This is probably the most my brain has worked while in
Look forward to seeing you there!
good morning :)
Ha! I knew if Harry posted a picture it was definitely work taking a look! That is great! :)
Man sitting across from me at Dr's office should be poster child for anti-smoking. He just coughed up 50lbs of lung snot. I'm gonna puke
8 days until the cd comes out, super excited.
then who is it?! He needs my approval
Kinda sorta wishing I was going to prom....
Do the Dew dude!! Mountain Dew vodka w/ lime, soda & a dash of Mountain Dew. Only $5 tonight, come get some Dew heads!
Get plastered with Chavez Lath & Plaster! :)
Nick Toon was the 20th receiver selected in the draft
I know exactly why you wanted eastenders to win... Starts with a... j and ends with a... Y ;)
cars that drive themselves might finally solve that drunk driving problem
yoo we should be arriving just in time for the good times
Do you observe other educators in order to improve upon your own teaching style and methods?
How was the first wk back?
Home sweet home!
. Thanks! You too!
no fooling if he ran he could probably win!
How do I submit my booking info, find me at www.GlennGary.com - let me know if you need bio
I understand, I'm just glad I can see him tomorrow and Sunday (:
3G Popovich looks like he's about to slaughter a goat for effect.
2 weeks and 1 day of school left till summer vaca ah
Skiles management of fourth quarters this season is maddening. He didn't make a single substitution, despite a clearly tired Ersan.
Every time I think about my Friday night i can't help but laugh out loud.
People drop their phones in toilets. I knew someone who dropped it in a lit candle, and I dropped mine in salsa. Beat that one!
#NBCSDDebate Chris come on, read Nathan's education plan before saying that.
you were bad because you are pretty and didn't need to buy the dress. :)
The next mornings always roughh . Work till 4 then sleeepinggg for the rest of my lifee !
thank you for the follow....
I spent my whole life putin on,u spent yo whole life suckin up..
That awkward moment when u start a random conversation with someone on Facebook cuz the friend u wanted to talk to wasn't online :-/
Just saw my beat the snot out of the Wild last night. Have fun!
Good Game.lol
Empty Pack Stack
There are a lot of people on campus again. I had gotten used to it being empty over the summer.
Thanks for the #ff!
pancakes w/ powdered sugar. aw man.
oh whos that
This ratios about to be funny
I honestly do also. Just from living in STL, black guys grow up & are taught to lust for body parts Ass/Titties you know
These days only come once a year but why not treat every day like it's Mother's Day or Father's Day?
Life is good :-)
Lets go Pens! I hope everyone has a great weekend!
2.30 AM: It's quite late now. Let's make a phone call. -Hey teacher! Are you sleeping? -Yes, why? -Because I'm still studying!! FUUUUUU....
i like this song :D
And so we have our 3rd Khhhaaannn!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!! <3
On my way to host Simon Says at The Standard Hollywood. Come join me ;-)
I miss the good ole days :(
thanks for following :-)
Austin has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
Target doesn't have it? Wtffff. Well, that's dumb.
"I don't want it to curl" haha!
what a song. That's all weekend
Stay safe my cycling friends :(( My heart is sad for all involved. Prayers4U
Fall 2011 classes start in one week. Are you ready?
sup bro! Whats the word? I need ur new num
Any friends out there use mobile credit card readers? We're in need! Which ones are best??
Today, this I vow: I will soar higher than eagles.
Here's to the Celtics winning the NBA Championship. Kobe is playing 1 on 5. Gasol is on the back of a milk carton.
that scary feeling u got when ur mom left the house 3 hours ago and still aint home and aint answerin the phone either :(
I was a senior in highschool waiting for my boyfriend to come home from OU.
To clarify, I'm not at all happy that IKEA no longer carries real Swedish food products/brands either, but... lighten up, yeah?
we're still friends?
why you laughing you got 2nd Half
They wanna find me not breathing like they found mike
show in San Berdu baby!!
yes as long as they are enrolled in fall. What is up? How can I help?
I'm even more enamored with the #greenseaturtle now that I know her name is Myrtle & she eats lettuce,cabbage,squids & brussel sprouts
When you really need to talk to someone but they're not replying <U+2639>
that would be fun to watch also
what does your pickle look like? Hahahhaha JK I told u I was gonna keep it clean.
i have no idea why my grandma was called tressie. i think it's a nickname for theresa. i seriously don't know, these are weird people.
More than a five page text make a phone call bitch
That is AWESOME
I think I'm not very aspirational. I'm not going to post a bunch of pretty pictures of things that aren't realistic to my life.
At Magic Celtics game. Let's Go Magic!
What do you think of the concept?
Who's watching American idol this year and who are you pulling for??!!??!!??
nothing like getting up and checking ur facebook and trying to type something and have your mom scare you.
thank you! love you!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Greek leader offers to throw his pay in as a savings? Gesture? Yes. Leadership? Yes! When was last time US official did this?
Tomorrow's gonna be a good day!
You can read more about the workshops at www.HowToModel.com. Hope you can attend the workshop.
dude go pee already..stop holding your self it unattractive. @
They're gonna call a foul.
Tell me why i fall for your type
Glad to hear! I was in CA this weekend, quite cold there, too. Love this weather, I agree. Desert is treating very well. :)
#tattoo I got like 15 or a lil more and more to come
I have a Bottle of white I'm smashing
Moving inside at Boerner Botanic Gardens! It's still on!
So glad you are here! RT : #Phorum12 another great session & great conversations in between faith in #Philly tech restored again
Juan Pierre plating Adam Dunn with a knock; that's rich.
I'm done with these assholes who think it's okay to pair people from Avengers together. just stop.
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
I often like the concept of blow-it-up/bust it down and build-something-new. That surely takes a newbie....
Almost to 600 followers!! Lets go,, Lets do this.. Follow my page.. I am a pageant superstar!! Miss Alexis Todd
So many new fans and followers...it's exciting! Spread the word to all your friends.
A truly beautiful bride.
just got home
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host
My fantasy football season is in the hands of legarrette blount. Need a decent game from the guy.
Senior Recruiter role in Milwaukee, WI office. Any IT Sales, recruiting, or project coord experience, call me 414-271-9670
"what are you thinking about?" cracks me up
“: East beats Highland Park 1-0. Great job Raiders.” Anytime HP goes down, I'm on the bandwagon
Purple people eaters kidnapped me
**RRRRT** (Sound of brakes squealing) So, it turns out that today WISN12's Kathy Mykleby is taping for NEXT week!
When Kouroutis yells DUURRR in front of the entire class
“: It may be difficult for an #Aquarius to make plans because so much happens without any warning” to everybody who kno me!
How are you ?
Thanks 4 coming! RT : Ditto RT : Had great time tonight w/ & @ the party
Bored at work!!!!
I CANT WAIT TO HEAR YOUR BRITISH VOICES AND WATCH YOUR NEW YOUTUBE SUMMER VIDEOS. LOVE U<3
Thanks. I've actually enjoyed this semester.
The #Kardashians will be on next week's episode of #ANTM :) Can't wait!!
Having a ball with & crew... creativity is all around!
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to someone else - Will Rogers
Auto tune is a funny thing
um....it's almost time for Exposed?!? :)
Plus some encyclopedias circulate while most libraries don't let you take the computer home.
When midgets take drugs, they don't get high, They get medium.
LOL Trust me its only you i haven't heard of another person who had problems with q-tips LOL
Roads are nasty.... =longer commute, =need for morning coffee even more so than usual;) show tweet for 50%off any drink before noon 1/12/11
Good step by step instructions to market with QR Codes.
Another reminder, A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is on #Amazon for 99 cents.#authors #viewhiphop #womensfiction #Atlanta .
hey I love tvd too :)
Watching spice world with my favorite roommate!
Wow -- just experienced my first earthquake. I thought it was either a bus or the dogs wrestling upstairs.
even now its turned off
#Bruins advance to Stanley Cup Finals
Life without love; what are you talking about, that isn't life.<3
WC administration is a stressful game! Congrats on the smooth transition!
OC Register up 53% over last year? What are they doing right?
you are too kind my good friend.
To all my clients, bring ur game face tomorrow to the gym! I want you all to bring it! Its gonna get very sweaty :) goodnight
Lost the last game of the season. We have come so far, and I am so proud of everyone! I have the best team anybody could ask for!
maybe she'd stop if she got one mieeeeellion dollars? But really, this woman should not be in charge of anything/anyone
Boomer, Vinne and Brett when will the #NYJets learn not to jump so quick at older QBs #Peyton would be good if price is right
Anytime! It was a great show. Can't wait for 's next week!
RESPECT THE YORKE.
Sick like a dog, but sucking it up for band practice!
IHaveABaddAttitude™.NOv its You that see my BeautifulBrownskin &want 2considered Me"Black" BITCH MyBackGroundsReal NothinMorenothinLess.
oh no you did not
Aaaahhhhhh! I have nomophobia! Do you?
At starbucks then headed to work! I'm tired as hell..... Watchu on?
Good morning! Hope everyone has a great Friday. :)
Just passed St Michael's in Old Towne (right off of the brown line sedgwick stop). Beautiful historic church!
respect always keep killin it til the world blow
Watching The Batman Movie. Campy = awesome!
I thought you was going to bed? Don't be pressed by nonsense. Put your faith in God and he will see you through.
Let's ride with the windows down!
Flowers too. Shit.
Good luck with that... MT Jonathan Vilma issues a statement: "I INTEND TO FIGHT THIS INJUSTICE, TO DEFEND MY REPUTATION... "
I've listened to it everyday since I bought it. I absolutely love your voice. Please follow me.
that's a lie! I said aww that's so cute and you said wow were not friends, and I said k you can't come to bdubs with us
Get Hootsuite. Make lists. Turn those lists into streams. Best way to enjoy Twitter.
It's KARAOKE tonight - starting at 10. Sing your ass off! I'll pour you extra yummy drinks...
Possible openers for my next video: "I'm Dianna Craig. Baby goats make me cry."
They let em win oh! No
ok, thanks!!
Today was such a long day!
lol if Billie wrote burn out today hed be labeled a terrorist and thrown in jail
That's it! Thanks to our panelists and for those that followed along. Feel free to reach out to us with questions/comments
May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others." (Mother Teresa)
Soo maybe it's true..<3 that i can't live without you &&- maybe two is better then one(:
Thanks! It's a constant work-in-progress, but I'm constantly working on it! :P
they did it to a lot of ppl.......they got rid of a lot of departments too.....smh its ass now
Stupid broken bats.
#LUC vote in elections; vote to END the sale of #plasticwaterbottle on campus
yea im watching news. On 2nd floor horeshoe. Hope it clears by tomorrow morning. Im heading out then.
The day my mom makes a twitter is the day i will die....
I know:( can we seriously plan a road trip this summer??? I am SO down
aw I'll e your friend :3
its a open house from 9am to 5pm. I'm going mad early :-)
Google, authors go head to head over digital books
There are no losers when your nominated for a Young Artist Award. Everyone is a winner just by being nominated.
My education was dismal. I went to a series of schools for mentally disturbed teachers. ~ Woody Allen
RT : How you respond to challenges in the second half will determine what you become after the game. Lou Holtz
Today I'm going to #OccupyUrBankAccount. But instead of screwing u like 'The Man'...I'm gonna put $500 in it. 5p. Listen & win.
Thx for the DM! We created a profile on your site & look fwd to talking #craftbeer & #homebrewing w/u soon!
that's that shit bro
Only a day away
starting another week off right. Planning with for the #homeless simulation in April.
"My mom was yelling at my cat to get a job. Yeah I don't know..." -Sam Puckett on iCarly xD
and tens of millions more will be further marginalised, stigmatised, malnourished, uneducated, and psychologically damaged.” Carol Bellamy
Idk , I LIKE school , soo : P Well actully of course you wouldnt like school... cause you go to GOLDENVIEW.
Didn't have much time to tweet today. I saw the most gorgeous creature looking at me from a pool of water, spent the day staring at him.
i got to teach a class on alma (and a smidgen of primo and metalib) at simmons today! saw some great faces. i love that school :)
how's the splendour miracle going? Have u managed to score yourself a ticket?
IS THE REAL JUSTIN BIEBER!??? LETS GET EM ! POW POW!!
which one ?
If you would like PanCan material, pls email
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 10!!!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out "SO SPECTACULAR" By Lyrical Trilogy
Career stats: 5.2 points per game.... The Lakers can have McRoberts.
We have a photog checking on the #OccupyABQ protesters after they got kicked off UNM campus last night. Wondering where they went.
it was a rhetorical statement SMH lol...let her do her thang:)
Bout to warm sum chickin up.* via meth lab *
Went in this weekend tho n Bo
i got no fucking sleep last night . So damn tired
is now using #google+ check it out! Still need an invite for #google+ send a DM and we'll send one your way!
Free screenings tonight:House of Lies/Shameless at Magnolia, Devil Inside at Cinemark 17 & AMC Valley View and Pariah at Angelika Dallas.
you are a trooper!! Hope your night is awesome! Thanks for coming!
Watching #thevoice makes me realize I am seriously overdue for some karaoke.
All I need to do now is sit around and relax. :)
I am starting to sell handmade fabric-covered notebook.I can send you sample pictures, if you are interested. Thanks! ;)
what do you do when you hear #GladYouCame on the radio?
Thank goodness the government continues to waste loads of $ going after Roger Clemens. Totally worth it in this economic hell.
that's a great deal! Especially for couples getting engaged, etc. You do great work!
nothing much, chillin with my friends, what about u? (:
It ain't Katrina, but it's definitely a real flood outside of my place. I'm stuck in about 3 inches of water!
you know what today is? #sexymonday !(;
What's the next episode for 2010!
Good night Hustlers <U+2764> love you guys ;)
i think it's time to redo my profilee ;D
TRYNA MAKE MY DREAMS A
The mindset
Reliving Adam Dunn's glory days??? too bad we can't trade that day for today. #whitesox need a batter not a broken ladder.
-- Both teams will be running tonight. UofL wins, 72-68.
Anyone know if the Braun MVP ceremony is actually tonight? FSN said so last night, but online says tomorrow.
#NP Walking on
At #fullframe15 to c documentaries 4
Thanks for reminding us about our newest tap. We love that a brewery is across the street Check out their tours!
shoot me
Up for consideration is the Veterans and Human Services Levy.
& rep pittsburgh hard!! #GothamCity drops #Christmas day on
PLEASE! RT Reminder to #blend12 attendees: Please complete the post-conference online survey (check your email for link).
Road Warrior Animal Collective
Here we go. Second half if under way!
What did Deena do to herself. Think she got plastic surgery . She better not of . She's to gorgeous.
YO this is absurd!!! Do you remember me? I'm Ade's friend from back in the BK days. I can't believe I saw u on twitter.
Just ordered some pizza hut aw yuus
Courtney Love is on TV being interviewed with the awesome Linda Perry, and she's just staring at herself in the monitor.
My bike is in a box, next time I ride it, it will be in Berlin.
Shout out to folks from Costa Chica, Mexico in SoCal
you missed out on my birthday camping trip!
Today went by quick. Lookin forward to tomorrow (today), plus Team UTexas and Arizona State is presenting
Thanks SO much for the +k on As you know, we LOVE chatting about #kosher food & meeting foodies like u!
My brain consists of: Believe tour, believe, summer, Justin shirtless, Believe tour, believe tour, food, believe tour haha
Any idea when the next Invisibles will be released? It seems like it's been forever. :(
"Pizza House!"
i still havent got caught up on my sleep :(
"I hire people brighter than me and then I get out of their way."
Niggaz nowadays scared to (wat they call in cali) catch that faded
We are in the process of finding those special someone(s) right at this moment! will be hiring interns, DM her! :)
I've always wanted to hear from YOU what your biblical views are, as another person who has received a formal bible education...
#MyGoalsOf2012 grow my hair out as long as
Yep definitely more mosquitoes than voters. Hope I don't have the same problem in Nov.
Merry Christmas to those who celebrate it! Hope ur havn a gr8 day wherever u may be celebrating. :)
Some sure do know how to lose a good nigga
nope perfectly fine. at least I am not sitting on house arrest unlike you I am doing something my life.
you do have to install the SelectiveTweets adding first, though. Google it.
Omg Geo sended me a messeage on facebook im so excited!
This mornings tasks include providing support to clients in Maryland, California, and a potential SES upgrade on an S8800 in Texas.
So #Kindle App on iPad/Android/Windows devices: are you EVER going to let me categorize my books?
": I'm in the house who wanna dance?! Come see me!!"lets make a movie
Wed. Thurs & of course Sat.
Just finished working out. Should take a shower but I'm going straight to bed.
Priceless RT : "Did that quiet down 102,000 folks?"" Yes, yes it did." Enough said.
“: Brock Erickson is leaving Monroeto become HC at the State College of Florida ManateeGood luck my man!” Best hair in the game!
Sit back, relax and enjoy this beautiful new guest blog...
KAIROS TOMORROW :P
Very true. RT : you must INVEST in yourself before anyone else will!!
This is why I argued taking Blackmon over T-Rich. No guarantee a no. 1 WR would be there at 22.
So whats good twitter world
Zendaya is cute !
If you want to volunteer, I'd be happy to find you something to do for :)
the akward moment when you take off your clothes and the girl says "i didn't know you had an outtie". But you dont!
i agree - i don't even want to spend time at the expo now!
yep it isn't posting on here is it?
happy birthday! (:
"I love football & watch plenty of it. Just ask my wife. But, on Thanksgiving Day, it’s dogs til 2 pm"- Tune in 12-2 on
Today there is a solidarity march for #Trayvon at Purdue University. Know justice, know peace.
Holiday Inn West has great All-Inclusive Easter Brunch Package with Georges wiscohotels.com/wiscohimadison/specials.phps
Ah, of course. You might be right, but at the moment, Franny has her nose out in front of Sam.
Oh no! Are you injured? You must be traumatized at least. Surprise shark attack on street is v dangerous indeed.
not in the least. ;)
babymama babymama why you thug me like that (boosie voice)
Sum females like dat degrading attention.
same here
Studio today. It was fun.
I REALLY WISH YOU GOT TO GO HOME. >.< When are you guys flying to the US?
Guess i just need to get da fuck off twitter till dese games and shit go off...
Just left the "Seven Last Words" Good Friday service Awesome! Thank You for the cross.
Played a fortune teller on the promenade. Got sum hilarious responses. Lol so funny. VOTE RAVEN FOR JUNIOR CLASS SECRETARY
You win or lose the audience by 2nd slide, 30 seconds into a presentation.
- The Pizza Man would be 10X's better creating jobs.. he's from the business sector v. an academic/theorist..
yes yet huge endeavor and most of the staff must b on board
In your dreams! You will rue the day you accepted the OB Noodle House pho challenge. See you at 3pm!
On the way to the concert! Can't wait to see !
I was thinking the same thing, but their name is listed at the end credits. Still no logo, though. Must be part of the deal.
call me
CHILLIN...LIKE YOU...
Now we have to get off the train and take a bus instead. Light rail is awesome.
Have to start unfollowing wedding bloggers now that we're 6 days away!
Yeah. That is a reason too be scared. But I'm pretty sure Selena'll be protected.
Thanks for your RT!
i just creeped on nicks fb profile and i miss him so much. :(
Modern shampoo as it is known today was first introduced in the 1930s with Drene, the first shampoo with synthetic surfactants.
Lebron didn't need to take the shot late, he needed to make the FTs
Lets go HEAT!
When Life Gives You Lemons Make Chocolate Milk& Let Them Bitches Just Sit, Stare, & Wonder "How The Hell Did They Do That?" #SwagLikeThat <3
Creepiness just got a whole new meaning
looks great!
Connaughton: not sure
Quick! The artist? Or tinker tailor soldier spy?
Now that that song got famous, everybody & they mama bad lookin like a bag of money.
I'm so sorry for this difficult time. God bless you!
please check out our website and let us know what you think. We are fine tuning it, any input would be appreciated.
IN TOWN TODAY - George W Bush, Bill Clinton, LA GALAXY, Vivica Fox, 80's group BERLIN, Ray Parker JR, and more
#FF We really enjoy your tweets!
1 hour left to enter for a chance to see tomorrow in LA with for a private performance. Use the hashtag
Oh no!! Pbr!! Hipsters!!! Real ones not like
Do what you love and the money will follow - Marsha Sinetar
so exciting!!
Another really awful charging call on T-Rob! This is getting ridiculous! Did #Mizzou pay off the refs?
We can’t dislodge Collapsible B – stuck. I’m headed to the other side to try Collapsible A.
Haha! I will run to you Nike commercial is cute.
you are missed at #edcampme hope you can follow along.
Where you at gunt rag
If i could i would fuck this weather its perfect i love it!!!!
gud looks james
i'll teach you how to use it!
#ufprchat Caitlin Murphy, PR class of 2007. Now working in North Carolina in PR at
Awww! I hope your okay :( and I do that all the time. Haha <3
Blessed to be back @ work...
Do you have an event, meeting or celebration coming up? Let us handle the food! Give us a call for details about our Catering Services.
please watch this and tel me if you think he's good!!
Really #SNL, Eli Manning? Really?
hot damn Ennis looks natural going up for dunks off of turnovers
it all depends because I'm grown but I take my small children trick or treating and i get dressed with them every year.
yep, kills me dude just said they were lucky to win. I say we win in 6
Silence is golden. It really freaks people out. LOL.
yeah! thaks don't forget to follow back
We couldn't agree more if u paid us in Euros
Stories of last few days make it seem that progressive GLBT politics will motivate more voters in Nov than fear (NC aside) - I hope
Congrats to the cast and crew of the ! Such an incredible show this evening! The standing ovation NOT at the end was fully deserved!
I really hate when people try to be italian just because of the ICONic Boyz. Like no u just cant be as beast as us #italians:)
Finna just take a nap.... thinkin too hard on this situation is really makin me wanna cry
: RT : Walk by faith, not by sight. We will always be on the right path walking by faith.
we'll party together sometime
one day, radiohead's "amnesiac" will emerge as the group's achievement. "you and whose army" was the most underrated song of the decade.
OMG LIKE YOU LOVE ONE DIRECTION TO OMG FOLLOW MY GURL <333333333333
Come visit the Museum and our Kristallnatch miniexhibition this week. Sunday we will have a special program for children and adults at 12pm.
I'm thinking.. a cup of coffee!
I'm sure you will do fine.
I would add to this list RT #FF Great Companies - , , ,
Attm, 2-4" of snow likely along a line from Dubuque, to Madison, to Green Bay Sun night/Mon am. Mon am travel will be impacted.
I love chicago but i miss manchester
the shakee s'pot. My daughter loves your pure chocolate ice blend…
it is Sick!!!!! i loved the new star trek!
one of these days i'm going to a concert. it will be amazing and they will play all of my favorite songs :)
On top of the world
The amount of gin I drank at Red Lobster cancels out the amount of self respect I had walking into Red Lobster.
That's what I've been told and a movie as well?!
dosa mans "vegan drumsticks" are INCREDIBLE! the rest of my day is officially blessed with vegan love
Thanks for the follow! Thanks for continually training the great #MusicEducators of tomorrow!
he's better than you think, actually
you would tweet me & not text me back! You said you were going to Polaris?!
Cristiano ties it up for with :16 left in the 1st
Yeah o well i will be there hahahaj
lol I was drunk this whole weekend, my image!
I always ASS-ume that office comments r directed at me, so i punch myself & bow my heada in shame :)
Our song "Chasing A Disaster" has been nominated for the 2011 New Mexico Music Awards "Mainstream Rock" song of the year. Sweet!
RT : #protip RT : I judge a good #sxsw party by how many locals are there.
Super fun Happy Hour! Ended the evening w drunken "I Love Rock'nRoll". Good time had by all!
ops! 10 MST being the particular time!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 7
Outdoor activities keep doctors busy - WDIV Detroit
I think I might just be the worst test taker on earth.
“The next time you hear a social media myth, question it. Ask for the proof, and ask out loud.” – Dan Zarrella, Social Media Scientist, H...
She is one of the characters I am so excited to learn more about. And can't wait to see her friendship with Catelyn grow.
Fake beef available for your real pleasure today!
Beginning to feel insane over this lack of sleep. There aren't enough hours in a day to get everything done in.
& i still have to do my homework.
I think I found you. Sorry about your broke phone.
“The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you.”
Love this quote. RT "Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination." Roy Goodman
#WeWereCoolUntil YOU STOLE MY CD'S..
Waiting for Durant to take over the game, then Westbrook dribbles for 15 seconds.
but I'm finishing off my Sauvignon Blanc. I'll have to get my Perrier to go.
One day will reply to one of my tweets..
tx for RT MS, always appreciated!
i am sorry about this. please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll see what i can do to get you taken care of
Some days the coffee just tastes better. Thank you
Happy Easter!
draft with the 10th pick. #defense looking more fortified!
Demand the best from your brunch.
RT : Wacky home cleaning tips GO!
Monitoring a forum is ... difficult. I want people to be able to express themselves, but I can smell trouble a mile away. When to shut down?
When u gonna b in dc?? im tryna fish montana max lIne
will b there bro!
U look great in the photos girl!!! Very nice!!! :) ;)
if you ain't poor, homeless or just got off work .. why the HELL is yo clothes dirty af ?
Woke up and had the feeling that today's gonna be a good one.
RT : man... I wish I would've went. I had too much work :(// Str8 Awesomeness!!
yes, animals must stick together. My 2 cats and my dog have been arguing about it all week.
I love this tweet. I am glad I'm not the only one who thinks that
With graduation coming up, getting a job is on a lot of minds. Let us know when you do! also blogs about job hunting.
This time last year I switched to a standing desk as my primary desk at the office. It was great. Now I'm switching to a couch.
Excited for worship tonight!
Come and say buon giorno :) RT : I actually really want to study abroad in Italy
Kind of hard when the tallest building is only 5 stories tall :/
Gahh, Frosted Flakes without milk is not the best thing....
Just got our Christmas tree. Ok holidays...come and get me!
And you'll never ask me why the angels won't cry because you know that I've already told you.
hahaha I don't know where that thing is someone got you......
and obviously 3d boobs. Except you hate all 3d experiences
Been running around all day, got some fresh new shirts to sell at the show. All outta tix but they're still available at the door
Officially launched the 3 Day Film Challenge: Horror Edition, teams of filmmakers are out, making horror films all over the Bay Area
RT : you know it's #NBAPlayoffs when is tweeting and #rigging furiously again
Process of liking a song: 1 Day: I love this song! 1 Week: Hey that song's good. 1 Month: Turn that s$it off!1 Year: OMG, I love this song!
I see you on holidays. It's all I can handle my dear. KIDDING.
you always say Matt is your best friend...
I FIGURED IT OUT!!!!! The "Hahhhpah" is Bryce Harper!!!
i hate missing friends :(
Is race still an issue for NFL QBs?
Well, career, it's been fabulous, but at 11pm tonight, I will be a gazillionnaire thanks to winning the lottery. Otherwise,
GO PACK GO
I KNOW you see these tweets! please follow !
omg those are so cute!
We are very hopeful for Ohio. Sending positive thoughts from Madison, WI!
Today is Monday, or what I like to refer to as WING-day. I'm going to Beamer's Pizza to get me some HOT chicken wings @ 25 cents each! WOW!
"Oh the weather outside can bite me. My car won't start to spite me. I can't feel my freakin' nose. Winter Blows Winter Blows Winter Blows!"
Finally looks like winter outside.
Friday at 11am is LEGO CLUB! Listen to a story then create with legos based on what you hear!! Registration is required!
We are working on cloning & teleportation for nxt yr- tests so far have been..... well, we still have work to do for
Watchin la vs okc good game
go look at it... And call me wen u get a chance
Montero needs to get his first hit as a Mariner SOON.
make sure to follow & check his music too
You buy the materials and I'll be your landscaper for life!!! :) No really
Just assume you are wrong and you'll be right.
come on Curtis painter
ah snap a ninja is on here!
thank you for the RT! You are such a "Tweetheart" !! :)
HEEELLL YEAH , who want's to talk with me?<3
wat class r u in?
Brutal injury news for the #Brewers. Interest/ticket sales were ballooning ... wonder how long before Miller Park sees uptick in no-shows.
HAHAhahaha ;D Oh i see (:
Didnt go to school today fuuuck Yes.! \(^o^)/
hey gurl me too where have you ben
Watch for The FanFiction Documentary Project on IndieGoGo....coming soon!
All the ladies in the office today got a rose. I feel like I'm on an episode of The
Don't understand why when your working & you wake up your nackerd but when its your day off you wake up at the same time & your not tired.
thats so nasty
I have NEVER been more excited for sleep on my life.
he will be fine...everybody wants lebron to be stud in the 4th...well it's the 4th...let's watch
My GUM fresh as fuck! I tried to offer yall some...
Hey, we're in the same city!
that made no sense at all.
RT Hiring a defensive coordinator in Indy makes me think the Colts are done "evaluating" Peyton. An even worse place to heal now.
Tonight at 10! Catch a flash.
indeed! Excited to shop the new tunes :)
i really really wish i were at miller park right now. why do i need to have a job. WHY?!
Several Born Against songs would fit the bill. RT : Does feminist hardcore/punk made by dudes exist? Please send examples.
We're getting geared up for ya (-;
Today is the day jesus christ got crucified show respect at least by not eating meat!
Definitely a successful night!
Tight! Great game today!
Toyota is the worst baseball invention since the wave. Cant even watch 6th innings anymore
like me, I've been in two serious relationships but I never say anything bad about them even though I still have feelings.
I've heard those guys are fucking awesome.
I know! It would be the best late night ever - if only it wasn't Craig Ferguson...
Regardless of the outcome of tonight's game, looks like Kobe Bryant will definitely know who Jeremy Lin is from now on.
wow it goes to show how much I take macs for granted that I wouldn't think virus might mean something else
Tis the season where I start bugging you all to come out to the new Dames show. "Naughtier & Nicer" free preview @ The Spot Thurs @ 1015 ...
... totally not family-related. knows my ongoing affairs year-in & year-out. Just women...
I gonna shave it for later..
Romney's father/grandfather may have Been illegals
File>Print.
Quack Quack!
Ahh good workout. Feel much better :D
Wow, you are? #beanstalk lol that's awesome
Also, kind of creepy considering the WPP employee who died falling down an elevator shaft two months ago.
you are so cute and talented!!! Please follow me you would make me extremely happy! Thanks! Ti Amo!
Way to go USA. Wooohooo. US beats Brazil in PKs. Solo is huge for team US.
If you can't jam to red hot chili peppers...there is something wrong with you
#IdFangirlIfJustin called me at 3 a.m. to tell me he loves me.
good. Let me know how you like it. I think it was fabulous! I generally don't watch subtitled movies but this is a MUST.
I'm usually always very easy to talk to. Haha, I get along with everyone and talk about anything.
how could you do this to us? He's going to be impossible to live with now.
I think it was quite lucky compared to a flying knee.
Follow your heart Mel. Don't be sucked in!
You inspire me mom, for everything!
Against girl code
Really putting on ur Mascara on the fast lane while your driving in the freeway. What a dumb ass B@$%@!!!! Then we wonder why see accidents
I hate "thanks for the follow" It wastes everyone's time. I now intend to unfollow anyone who does so. If that makes me a tweethole, un-f me
yeah yeah you do dat montsss
you only looking for kings?
All alone on the southside
Id hate ta b caught in da #rapture if I was you #bitch!
tonight Dave Eggers is going to be at Book People, one of the great authors of contemporary literature
Just said farewell to the toughest Shaw alive before his big journey overseas. Come home safe, little brother. I'm proud of you.
Just a reminder that there is no school on Monday. Fall Break! Yippee!
nope have coffee, sitting in lobby. U?
on the cloud in every sense of the word: sky, people, internet
Granger is the man. Who u want lol
Sneaky bitches <
They is a 100 people on the max right now
That white frost on the pound cake so your Duncan Hines
I'm in a Ghana state of mind.
Omaha Mall. Yup. Yup. Yup.
Happy birthday, I hope you have a happy, fun birthday full of laughter and good memories enjoy your day.
the conversation between and lmao I can't
I have to get up early tomorrow and I'm up texting Scott arguing with him about the illuminati.
Hide the remote control from yourself.
Darren Collison went and had himself a ballgame tonight. Great to see. Some fans clearly buried him way too early.
hey fletcher
just telling it like it is :)
RTV KATWIJK Radio The Netherlands Remember the victims of the war in our country played Amy Ames on my program. Bart van der Pol
Those that are the loudest in their threats are the weakest in their actions.
I am attending the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Leadership Conference this week. Such a great organization and cause!
and Miley Cyrus
You can do anything you want in life, even the impossible. The only one stopping you is yourself. Keep your faith and you will find a way.<3
Early December. Y'all ready?
Ben Vershbow, being boldly naive allows for stumbling into unique possibilities
I mean yeah.. That's cool too I guess..
Is it okay to fall asleep while waiting at the hospital?
Definitely! Courage is the theme for 2010! Believe in the power of your wildest dreams!
Listening to some trivium, working on a tee design.
Whatsss up dallas!!?!?
Yeah Wisconsin!
YOU'RE MY FAVORITE ACTRESS.
Yes I'm going all out for this shoot and my release party in Hollywood next week!!! Can't wait to see my L.A. fans <U+2665> at Key Club <3 Yall
Good morning, Zipsters! Who enjoyed the sun this weekend? Any #ziptrip pics out there? Share 'em with us for $10 free driving!
Tweet the love. #sharethelove <3 I love you
It's been verified for over 24 hours :-p
the Spurs don't find that funny
Putting together the final budget for the relaunch of the Kickstarter project. Would you be more motivated by foil cards in SPQ-YARRR!!!?
The WNBA is so gay. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
would that make you!
matter of cognitive overload; focus 1st yr on students learning 2 use sources richly; then learn academic citing in later years
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she is really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
2011.09.24 #Brewers 6 #Marlins 4 | Thank you John Axford / mustache-fueled save master / sets Crew save record
Happy 40th Birthday to the best biking buddy (and brother) a girl could ask for - welcome to a wonderful new decade !
NY resident or tourist? When crossing the street tourists look.
Just picked up in my #fantasyleague. Jesus! Between him, Del Rio and Sheamus, how can I lose?
We would love to. None of us have ever left the country and we have a whole new record's worth of music to play!
why it is so hard to find a decent manual transmission used car
Really like your logo and branding style.
If ordering dinner is in your plans, get free delivery with 7 cans :) Donate 7 cans of food for Oregon Food Bank for free delivery....
thank you for Roddick. Huge trip there at 8-1 :)
I thought it was just a "high?"
M, JointJuice slushy!!
You know that new Portlandia commercial on IFC? That song? That's me singing! Me me! Yes! Still haven't seen it :( -JW
Haha I think I would almost be the happiest getting the Bryan Lee O'Malley vote.
#Crossfit is mad addicting. WOD got me killed though.
I could never forget you. Ever.
Skeptical about this bottle of "ruby port" purchased for $6
could it be that no one says capiche anymore bc the awesomeness of uncle jessie is fading away
Matt Flynn was rocking a gnarly beard!
it won't recognize my address!?!?
Happy Birthday Jesus and Merry Christmas to all my tweeps hope you all have a Blessed Christmas!
yeah buddy
At 2-1 the #Eagles are right where I'd have expected going into the season. Loving Vick's second chance too. How do you feel?
. Age & other things have taken a toll already. :) I can't afford this!
Thank you.<33
yeah aries spears is funny as a mutha lol im about to give you this link to watch this earthquake clip, THE FUNNIEST.
“: Board votes 5-0 to make A-G curriculum the default in SUHSD. #SUHSD”// Preparing our students to succeed! Great job!
SAUREZ IS HORRIBLE
Very cool to hear it! I would say I most definitely have the COOLEST job on Earth!
i understand, really...i know. :/ sorry. wanna trade places?? haha :p
yes, please
don't know if we can top it. I'm totally on board with
We live by faith!
Whenever anything I'm writing seems to peter out I always think "What's the worst thing that could happen right now?" & do that ;)
thank you for giving me SHOCKING red hair YAHOO!!!!
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances.
Lol, true that! Still though. I wanna see punches and blood! No que pulling hair! -___- Fucking pussies.
absolutely let's do it
LMFAO! RT : "Hey I just fucked you and this is crazy delete my number and keep the baby." Lmao only on youtube!
these UNKNOWN numbers texting my phone!
but tht final wasn't hard though.
Guess what... you can check out 3 video games now!
Hey Vennesa! Did y'all record the presentations at #EALS12? Is there a podcast that I can listen to? Thanks! :)
probably water don't worry you are doing the right things
exactly what i thought about our last meeting. Even might agree.
Check out san diego news story re Prostitution ring busted in Oceanside! Please follow me to read more.Very supportive of U and Demi
Of Course The Spanish Nigga Would Be Sponsored By Coronas Lmfaoo
i really love my boyfriend.
SHANITA JOHNSON AUTHOR OF"LOVE ISN'T PAINFUL"YUU NEED 2 READ IT ITS A BOMB BOOK YES ITS N STORES NOW...WATCH DA PLAY ON YOUTUBE
T2: I personally don't want FB anywhere near my PHR.
Excellent scone from this morning
Stoked to play the bay area again!!!! Bottom of the hill in a few weeks! Will sell out. Get you tickets from our facebook! :)
lol I already have & I already am. I have another account. I'll give you a hint as to who I am. We were texting a lol bit ago.31
submitted my Research & New Media grant proposal last night. Fingers crossed!
Ahh I didn't see you or your tweet, I'm already at work!
how are you raping one final in two different directions?
"I've learned on the fly to think and work like an archivist." The problem of explaining our profession plus outside threats
A coffee tree has a lifespan of between 60 and 70 years.
Don't let this cloudy day bring you down! Stop by our #LindenHills or Franklin location for a delicious #freshbrewed #coffee this morning
lOls, how you been? I'm not in Texas anymore so I'm missing all the exciting things. wahhh
let me know what you think...they cut a lot out! Love it that I'm followed by cont. of 3some story!!
oh, cool. I did not know about that.
Sleep time.....
Now's as good as any time to pitch the Veronica Mars to Joss Whedon. Pretty sure he can do whatever the hell he wants right now.
VERY excited to announce that the keynote speaker for the Roosevelt Dinner (on 4/16/11) is CO Gov. John Hickenlooper!
welcome love. I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Totally forgot I had made other plans tonight. I have to bail. Enjoy the show for me.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day! Only partly cloudy and cold, but Christmas is in the air! What are your weekend plans?
are you being sarcarstic, or really giving the Knicks a punchers' chance in Game-5?
Follow next artist to blow up in tha south
Miley Cyrus playing in the waiting room. Are you trying to kill me? <U+274C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Not good, get better!! {{{HUGZ}}}
Yeah buddy!
RT if you think is NOT ugly(:
We're looking forward to playing for you. RT : Seoul jazz festival bringing Brian Blade & Fellowship. Impressed!
that wonderful moment when work calls to cut your shift in half
To me, money problems could be solved with a 2 columns page. Gov: What is good.. OK ..Debate, if not. ...Data in cloud. Just an attempt.
No...not just fly....I'm Oh So Fly
If & others pushing for All-Star Social Media hub DT, most def! Ppl will see more of KC!
#MM Preferred Profs to follow
Still time to play in our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with a full stack. Sign up until 1:40 pm.
#BandsILove grizzly bear!!!!! :)
Dreamin of the day when organic food is the norm!
Thinking about making this move to more of a read and react offense. To much offensive talent on the team to try and dictate every move.
Damn #RT if you up wimme bored just tweeting
my teacher has been droning for 25 minutes and I still don't have anything to write down in my notes
yep and I also you know this about me : "I AM SEXY AND I KNOW IT!! "
i think of nephews near GB that play with helmets, etc from age 4 on up, chances of starting trauma that early not worth it
lol this really bothers me I hope one of my books talks about it.
What a beautiful day it turned out to be! Hopefully you were able to get a lot accomplished! Sometimes though --- relaxing days are needed!
thanks for your kind words
BEST IN THE WORLD! GOOD SHOT !
MT : ": Congrats to LatinoVoices blogger who is moderating the first #WHChamps panel
Today I cut up some large old watercolors paintings-found great designs within to be repurposed. Tomorrow back to oil painting!
Testing out two new cameras today. One, a newly modified Ultra 16 Scoopic and the other, a Scoopic with Crystal Sync. My kind of fun!
The brilliance of the race tracker site for : spectators can see where Caribou coffee is on map in relation to course.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
I forgot my Nespresso Club login credentials and they're CHANGING the Dulsao do Brasil capsule?! Disastuh.
People say I could do better , but they don't know you like I do <3
mom: how your mom? she have a boyfriend anna: No she doesnt want a man or a dog. i swear my mom acts like she a 150
95 miles to go. If i drive 110 ill makeit for luceros first song
I'm so sad tracks over :(
yeah me too miss u
#theaddamsfamily movie is on....classic!
and we fans love you all !!
going to check out with my roomie before David Sedaris at the Long Center...hope we don't embarrass ourselves!
You guys are bad! lol ;-)
99% of America is hoping never!!
like for reals doe! The only time you talk in class is when we are making fun of Jeremy (:
Get pumped for Dinosaur Friday tomorrow!!
Ahh...I love the end of the day when I can put my feet up and sip some vino.
Finally! Hella tight!
That was the first time I saw him wrestle, also what made me a fan of Ricochet.
Are you thankful for Andrew Luck?
Oh yeah. And ISAAR-CPF and ISDIAH and ISAD(G). I'm a citizen of the world.
after the party, the after party. then the after after party. finally the after after after party. no lie. got home at 5am. go '09.
Watching Dune. Which makes me want to see Brimstone & Treacle. Which makes me want to see A Clockwork Orange. Which probably makes me a nerd
FOLLOW FLOWER Thank you for your
It needs to be Warped Tour.
Yum. Yum. Chef Matt presents tonight's special... Seared Salmon with a Pickled Corn Relish over Tomato-Goat Cheese Polenta. 12.00
I beat u! I sneeze 10 times in a row,every time I sneeze!!! :))
Now has never happened before<U+2755>
Q: Do i have to talk to insurance co. on other side, threatening to close file if I don't. A: No! "closing file" means nothing legally
Ours will be defined by how many neighbors are forced to move because of your uncontrollable screaming sounds.." -some dude on craigslist.
Divorce is like a dental school root canal, only more expensive and painful.
I love the PSSA schedule<3
a little Seth in the streets.
where you running yours? Now we're addicted...
seeking BA with Business Objects, WEBI, Crystal Reports
Niggas Go To Svsu get A Girl And Become A Bitch ...Anything You Need To Say To Me Say It Don't Be A Bitch Your Whole Life
Cueto's off to a good start but his 4 wins are against 4 teams below .500 or 1 game over. Huddy will bring his
I like to meet the ladies with them sexy voices, just to see if they match my imagination.
Don't proliferate joining the service, there's no honor in murder.
Getting ready to give the Chilling (haha) Chatham Arch Lockerbie Ghost Walk in a couple of hours!
enroute to TechCamp Tel Aviv to share open mapping tools for citizens and organizations
Have also lost control over download/stream settings on my solo album on Last.fm please download that from torrents & scrobble as well!
I ain't really tweeted in a min
Was just reminded how lucky I am to have such an amazing guy in my life <3
im im a onedirectioner. RT if you are .
...and that editor feared undue exposure would mean that the farmer's wife would run after them with a carving knife...
It's 64 degrees in Jan. Tomorrow is groundhog day....rodent don't fail me now!!
Duck in from the rain and grab a Sun-Dried Tomato Bagel and a cup of Golden Assam tea before heading to work
Thank you so much had a photo shoot with Robert Knight
I'll have my picks for the #KentuckyDerby on #TheBigCheeShow Friday at 5PM.
Chicago & Oklahoma Shows All Summer
The 76ers radio guy just announced that the game is over.
Oi, someone go an make meh some foods. I'm hungry. :o
Our relationship with the earth must be like our relationship with one another--a ceaseless exercise in respect. ~Aldo Leopold
man.. it's already april.! 1 more month till my freshmen year is over! Then I'll be sophomore. whatt?
And you know, he'll probably never repeat this ; we are so lucky to have participated in this with each other.
I wonder wat dat guyana pussy be like
Man this new #Tank goes!!!
In my lifetime, war in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Grenada, Panama, Iraq (twice), Bosnia and Afghanistan. It's like a bad habit.
Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin, Ryan Tannehill prove Texas is suddenly the hotbed of quarterbacking
could Tweet his grocery list and I'd keep following. So, golf bores me. All things must pass.
Oh, absolutely! It's an in-depth study of Catalano Square.
Instead of doing NaNoWriMo I think I'm going to do NoMoFatMo and exercise every day in November.
Overheard in the newsroom: "It's not a bad fetish to have."
you'll freak! Come by after the new year.
ugh I wanna come
HAHA honestly the fact that you could have been down there too this weekend makes you even more #bologna. Not okay.
Wonderful news out of Springfield-Death penalty repeal just passed out of the Senate!! On to the Governor's desk!
my leg is doing better we should run together soon! sry getting used to twitter and how to use it ha
Redefine the way you analyze brand awareness at the point of sale - SMI #eyetracking glasses, today officially released
Finally got my phone back! Well kinda.. its a referbished one cuz i broke the last one, although this one gets faster internet! Cheee
Particularly offensive: the image with the article. #shaveyourLEGSdammit!
Just added our 1 millionth member!! Incredibly excited to bring on the next million...
Your very welcome. ;-)
Illinois/Chicago - will be inside you on April 7th.
way to go Jimmy! sorry to see Flip's team lose too but this is Am'rca USA USA USA
should be I paid enough for it
It's a thousand yous theres only one of me
Maybe it's not officially summer yet, but it totally feels like it :)
I thought I didn't know anything about basketball, my brother doesn't know shit! Hahahaha
Of course the ACT's are on the day of an acting workshop...sweet
Thanks for the feedback.We only request a name,email,and password to register and never share your information with any 3rd party.
OK, his WHIP probably makes him worse. But you were always going to lose strikeouts.
was she with you?
Love you too sis!! RT : thank you sis . Love you
both of yaw need 2 cum back 2 Omaha ne
Please contact me about documenting your role in the #labor protests. You're making history that should be preserved.
(Sorry for the family history stuff... it's new info to me and I find it pretty darn interesting)
Absolutely, it's my pleasure. Looking forward to hearing from you.
so annoying! I hate that
My dilemma in life is that I can't work anything that isn't Mac
. RT : The Wright Place was definitely and abruptly closed for business yesterday, but that's all we know for now.
JUST WON SUMMER JAM TICKETS, I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU!
almost forgot...my birthday is in 2 days. crazy!
Now I gotta walk to neighbors house cause of this snow...
“Use what talents you possess; the woods will be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.” -Harry van Dyke
#WhenAustin licks his lips. [From ]
We plan on being there!
haha. Well i would like them back at some point please. Lol
When did John Travolta grow a beard.. And when did he name it Kelly???
Yup, you went there. :)
I totally called the Phil Michelson wim by the way!!!!
Ah the swell smell of fresh baked banana bread. My hubby will be so pleased :) Locals please feel free to stop by.
CONGRATS SOFTBALL <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
marcus crazy ass talm bout go anyway.. HELL NAWE aint paying Sht!
Most pointless day of my life
ehh. It's alright. The dragon berry is my favorite though. Lol
or do a day in the life of when you're NOT working.
Sunday Football
He played quite a few downs in college and wasn't very good against much worse competition!
The little things in life are what make us who we are
Gonna walk over to Olivias dorm room and sing her to sleep haha..
Don't I wish I could attend! I'd bring home made Sicilian pizza! ;)
That was a weirs ad awkward experience...never again i think.lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
was that you I just saw on Columbia rd!?
Valk: LCRM and women's movement face issues when drawing movement boundaries, a political act as much as a scholarly act.
next week is our week, dahling! My #CoreFusionYoga with you DJing, what a combo!
Freese Frame...see you in Game 7. WOW
"used tosteal your parents liquor and climb to the roof talk about our future like we had a clue never thought that someday idbe losing you"
It's distributed via email. To sign up, just send an email with your contact info to !
"Just like a sunbeam can't separate itself from the sun, and a wave can't separate itself from the ocean, we can't separate ourselves from
Just go. Bring S. Make S wear a fake mustache from the 1970's porn era. Then people watch.
S/O to all da bad bitches show me love & all the broke niggas hate ----> Fuck Em in my voice
Why am I sleeping so late?!
Happy Mother's Day To All The Moms Out There!
RT I think it's perfectly okay that Rick Perry couldn't remember how to count to three.
well we've never had one, so therefore no jinx!
LULAC's Liliana Ranon, Dir of Policy & Legislation: talk to your elected officials, vote for candidates who share your concerns
Writing my "Act of Valor" review and picturing the local SEALs picking up the paper and reading it. Pressure much?
could it have been a fake FG?
Guess I missed any substantive "discussion" on twitter re it and FBook and #malcomgladwell 's New Yorker article? He had many good points.
Everyone go follow
RT : Currently, over 9,000 IL residents are enrolled in
you are correct on probs w/ legacy newsrooms, bur w/in that is great variation. some newsrooms *much* more diseased than others.
RT : Dogs don’t like rain because the sound is amplified and hurts their sensitive ears. >What do you think?
KENTUCKY WILDCATS
Happy Tweet Tuesday!
nah boo boo. I'm going back to Elmo's Saturday for the Servers number. LOL.
I think the diehards would understand, but casual fans might have a problem with it. The TV networks would have a MAJOR problem.
Giving good advice and helping people out are my strengths. I just love seeing people happy
#Passion is all I know! Give it up or get up off stage ;)
Big night for former #EWU Eagle Rodney Stuckey. He had 27 in Pistons' loss to Hawks. #WSU product Klay Thompson dropped 23 in loss to Utah.
I bet when wakes up she will smile at the tweets I tweeted her :D
My pleasure! :D
6 down, only 19 to go!
Eating slowly give your stomach time to communicate that it is full.
Checking out the scene at
and thanks!!
Gonna start a petition to get law passed for wearing "pants on the ground"...sick of seeing dirty draws!!
Umm RT : RT : Betty White endorses Obama; Ted Nugent endorses Romney. That's all u need to know about this election.
Gifs are crazy.
severely jealous Panamera in my sights!
kids choice awards lol. who is hosting snl ?!
You've returned
By far the best Tennis I have ever seen! These guys are so good.
we about to close this series tonight..... And Tg the pacers gone give it to the heat bruh lol
I'm irritated with my gov grade...
40 wow! Sounds like a lot of recipes. Best of luck!
appreciate the info, I personally love football but I'm not begging to spend my $ on it!!!!! Season interruption = f da NFL
Cant wait to hear what comes out to!
also, did you see that one of Pauly D's boys uses a headblade? Just saw it on MTV.
feel free! It was an amazing time that I will cherish for the rest of my life! :)
Followed you back ( :
Thanks for listing me /industry-peeps, /likes, /arts, /training
Nothing I hate more than heat checks. Which means I hate the Wizards offense
stubbed four of my toes there really really sore still
Well my mom's cousin helps her a lot, so I only have to help with some things, but my dad, he can barely type...its sad, actually
Damn that pussy tighter than tiger woods' sweater
I shall be driving down from Cincinnati! I can't wait!
friends *do* let friends shop, drink, and uber!!
The day has arrived, Lubbock has officially opened Panda Express
Bed time
Seriously? Wasn't I just going to the matts over getting the meds that keep me (relatively ^_~) sane?
i literally share this sentiment every single workday. shew.
June 29th! Don't worry, you're on the guest list!
much appreciated. have a great Wednesday :)
Excited for agency tour tonight with
Happy New Year Twitterverse!!
next time! “: thanks. yes. If not careful, he'd be running around with open toe'd shoes. Still time for you to join!”
productive morning cleaning jax beach with UNF Alumni. Now on to college fb/hw...
i really want my tongue pierced
They are all so darn creative! I notice more background set then years past. Now, if I only liked to eat them.
Had Kaydons Tball pratice today.. He is insanely good! Made some cookies and recovered from a nasty headache.. Texting my favorite guy!
retail therapy is best therapy
Sure what's up?
IDC says Samsung grabbed biggest smartphone share in Q1
"Boy bands appeal to women b/c there are 5 guys telling us we're beautiful and The chances of love are high" They found out our secret!
glad to follow any "southerner" by way of
I'll nap for 8 hours then. Then we'll have some fun. :)
what a match...
Yo-semity sam. That's who.
Imma need my mama to come back w the car though.
I hear rent is going up
Hey! You should not die because we'll probably use you at a future show
Ron you are so official with your big time twitter handle and your new sweet avatar. Don't forget about the little tweeple ok
“: so your like the president now or what?” yes :)
My son groaned when I read it to him. Then said. Who wrote that. Said some dude I follow on twitter. Ok Mom.
Wanna win Rock&Worship Roadshow tickets for the 2/23 show in Abq? Join our text club! Text NM to 21947. StandardTextMsgRatesApply.
my head needs to be chopped off and fed to poor puppies. wait puppies aren't poor. okay, to homeless men. THE TOMS RIVER HOBO.
Sugar Shane or Paquio?
#youknowyouworkatstartupwhen your designer knows how to open a beer with his laptop adapter. (I hope I said that right.)
WTH is Randy Jackson wearing? He looks like a bag of Skittles.
Praying for that sweet girl this morning - AND that the doctors will be able to find some answers
I really love all of our conversations. They always turn out so well.
Motivation >> ": In order to be creative, happy & in control, stop judging self & others or comparing yourself! #WMOSP”
It could be an advantage to create apps for Palm WebOS. It's better to be a big fish in a smaller pond than one app in a catalog of 50,000.
very excited 2 b in philly for the 1st time for American assoc. Of museums mtg. & 2 c cezanne & beyond tomorrow.
I can't complain about this wind after the recent tornadoes and the aftermath. So I pretend to like licking Vegas street dirt off my lips.
my throat is on fiyahhhhhhh
RT : I open myself up to abundant success and money, because they are energy too and i am an energy being :) like attract like!
Happy birthday to one of the best !
Everytime I look up someone is staring at me. I'm not a circus
yeah yeah I do!
You're. Your. Than. Then. Learn it, because spell check can't fix stupid.
Why are people Hyping up Chris Bosh
And cut from CRAZY Lysa to....body shaving? #GameOfThrones 105
Phew... All moved into the new condo in Davis Sq. Loving it so far!
Every time I hear something about Bigfoot, I think about Eddie Murphy. "Your wife a Bigfoot, ain't she, Gus?"
yea soon... I need a new project!
Why the hell did I turn on the end of "The Notebook"? I'm a blubbery mess & I was fine 5 minutes ago!
tiger looked dumb today.. That shot on 13 was dumb.. Looked very spoiled after bad shots today, no doubt
Ahh! Just had a great stroll with my son in downtown Orlando. Perfect weather!
This morning I woke up to MOMMA.... MOMMA... sweetest sound in the world
.RT : Man is OWNING this rally! "I committed myself to making life better for all."
I am. Everyone is OK.
you are performing like 3-4 blocks from my house in Kennewick tonight! So sad I can't go! #brokeasajoke tear up tonight!!
i've always wanted to go there! it's around the corner from my house but i've always been intimidated
She probably stole the baby.
Did you churn butter at the Frontier Culture Museum? That's where the conference is
Why does it have to be different? Its all about making the right information easy to find.
as long as we cleared that up... we're good in the hood <--- did I really just tweet that? D:
#NowPlaying - whenever,wherever,whatever <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
#dlf2010 lunch delicious, internet access unpredictable, stimulated by Carole Palmer, John Ockerbloom, Kevin Ford, lotsa metadata
Eating Akashi with the two most important girls in my life.
RT please remind Ellis it's been nearly 3 yrs to the day since his last #Briarwood mtg - what changes this time?
The Wheels on the bus go round n round, .. "Yikkes need to stop having so much passion making my loofah soaps time to get serious,... NOT
ready go fuck with mariah on oovoo
I wonder if my husband has a better notification noise than "DROID" yet...we will soon see...
Latest goosip on #Erin Andrews and #Dancing with the Stars-- USSportspages.com
Peruvian Morning has more possible points of infection than usual beers: addition of cold coffee, aging, blending of different barrels.
Hey alums! JU Night at the Fair is back. Help us win scholarships for JU students by playing games & having fun! Nov 9 at 6:30pm!
Everybody knows that Black people are only in Tyler Perry movies.
"I'm canceling my car insurance." "Ok!" "You owe us monies!" "I canceled, remember?" "You haven't paid, so we canceled your account!" "..."
Hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday. Stay lavished. Live First Class like.
Honestly, I don't know how people dealing with having kids.
What do I need to do to give you guys a ?
"Doable, doable, doable." Your mom.
Moving to Houston at the end of the month for a new job!
Engaged in a bit of hero worship w/Erik Larson on Saturday. Surprisingly funny & engaging. Snagged handshake, conversation & autograph
nice i m loving these aggressive dunks
- wants to speak with law firms and practitioners seeking alliance with #LPO services sector as market shifts toward greater integration
I already miss the pungent melange of fryer grease, cheap domestic beer, piss, vomit, Axe Body Spray & desperation from O'Sheas.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I <U+2764> Austin Mahone with all my<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#30thingsaboutme 1)I have ability 2 laugh Uncontrollably At Myself At Will. Really pisses off those trying to Laugh 1st, sucks 2 be them.
Wow! A lot of VERY TALENTED opera singers on #missamerica tonight!
Just got some awesome earrings from Oddities!! Small, medium, large, AND STUDS!!
Best food I've had in a long time at Zydeco! The frog legs are the best I've ever had and the crawfish 3 ways is out of this world!
Saw that this morning and it DOES sound interesting. Is it new?
I can't usually sleep either dude.
What was the name of Ray Charles autobiography? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to “Let the Good Times Roll.”
Why is out tweeting you at #SSAC? Did you faint from all the numbers and analytics being thrown out?
Blue Courts then sleep then Atlanta
I love
for UA? good luck! (:
Gina's 39th b'day coming up on the 15th. Girl!
well I promise to stalk I mean follow you as soon as I can figure out how to do so from my cellphone. I miss you.
yeah I know! It's freakin stupid!
Another football game called cause of the rain. #Marshall had a chance.
Sand dabs at SD oceanaire debut this week.3rd corner for tasting in ob, encinitas, palm springs.
This was a move i would have liked to see Roenicke make on Monday with estrada.
I'm the critch to yo cratch and the Harry to your Louis. + the kilt to your grinch.
I'm a Badger but I'd bet my jambalaya that the Oregon Ducks would clobber both the Tide and the Tigers.
come on how many times u retweet!!!!
no clue but i'll kill for one right now
Hello Gentlemen....glad to you have you on board!
#Bruins need to crash the net. Only way to score, like Seguin did. Bombs from the point and powerplays aren't working. Shades of last year!
thank you (:
DAMN THESE PEOPLE KNOW THERE STUFF >:P AND NOW I FEEL LEFT OUT
HOORAY! The President is in Seattle today! We are giddy about it but pls be patient with your Ubers today. Traffic will be messy.
DISH Network's Hopper and Joey system is flying off the shelves! In a good way, I mean. :)
Sunny forecast for Paralegal Professions. Corporations looking for more in-house paralegals! Read news to learn more!
BREAKING: Amendment to de-fund DEA Raids of state Medical Cannabis facilities FAILS 163 to 262
Can't say I have been diligently watching but there seems to be a large discrepancy in #Bucks to #Knicks fouls
you're welcome! I only recommend the best!
Some guys shouldn't wear basketball shorts! The *blessed guys to be exact
PHRENOLOGY. I'M CHECKING EVERYONES PROFILE PICTURE, LETS SEE....
Your yesterday impacted your today But it is your today that will impact/lead u to tomorrow
“: I've been busy. That means more fun for you. :)” she ain't kidding, kiddies!
LOL it would keep you entertain :) and....
It's all good
congrats to all MIT grads today - last night's Tech Night at Pops was a blast!
The sleeping giant that is AAPL is back over $370 @ $371.10... Yippee!
For reals. RT : I really hope there are at least a few more Torchwood series spread out over the next 4 or 5 years.
« I pretended to look around but really, I was looking at you.»
:-) Ps. let's get together!
you're mean to me.
Happy new year!
Album leaked?! No problem! We make sure to remove the leaked album from the Internet & pay you for each illegal downloaded Album.
What!!!??? Eli won SB number one his fourth year buddy with less playoff experience! SMH!
shorts are nothin girl! its the neck ya gotta watch out for. those crew neck t-shirts are murder to get rid of! ;)
@ Proflowers Pulling adds from Rush is coward move. I now PULL OUT OF YOUl. No More Flowers for YOU.
Excellent!! Can't wait to see you next week~
Just ate a veggie sausage patty.
it was first published in 1981.
The studio is a little more playful than normal today. Our "new interns" are running amok!
where can we submit a audition video?
I bet one of Marc Rzepczynski's ancestors got distracted at Ellis Island when it came to the last name portion of registration.
San Diego bound for #BlogHer11!
and lay ups
doing a little of this, and a little of that. Working for a friend, doing some marketing overhaul at one of his businesses.
So I'm all like "what the hell is on tv on a Sunday morning?" and then it's all "I give you a no honk guarantee. " excellent.
like them at the gym. couldn't avert my eyes.
#cpac rick Scott Florida gov coming up
": Michel Haissaguerre, MD to give HRS Founders Lecture on Past, Present & Future of AF ablation #HRS2012 cell battery at 50%..."
- thanks for the kind words!
Dude. Loved the "what is strategy?" post. Excellent stuff. Hope you're well, sir.
hahahahaha ahem maybe not to us, but I am positive that that commercial showed them farming seals. Go bash some Cardinals.
This rainy April weather is giving me more physical stress than last winter could ever dream of. Ugh.
Woops. "Upgraded" the database and killed the site. Working on it.
Nobody in this city moves with any celerity.
“: I believe they found that cobra like I believe we've "walked" on the "moon."”
That was just for his name,Derek. RT: “: Fitzpatrick's pass nowhere close to anyone. They gave him how much money? $62 million?”
#21in21 and here is my 7th post. This is actually harder than it seems, but I am glad I committed...
oh dear. No more hydrating! See u in NYC very soon!
Done recording now its chill mode and thundercats
Don't you just HATE one word replys? like 'Yeah' 'Ok' 'K' or 'Idk'
The more I ride my bike the more I want to upgrade to a Hayabusa...can't ride my Katana til I figure out and fix it's stalling
Wasn't it 80 degrees just a day or so ago? ROC weather is crazy!! I've been to Stone Mtn. but it was a while ago. It's cool.
Good advice for certain. We have a staging environment that mostly mirrors production and allows for direct collab. Very useful.
#20ThingsAboutMe My birthday is december21 officially the first day of winter and 4 days before christmas
Time for bed long day ahead of me
Download PDF here:
WHO WANNA BE A DARLING AND COME WITH ME DOWNTOWN THIS WEEKEND ??? :D I NEED TO GO DRESS LOOKING A S A P !!!! Lol
so for real, i can make a special "I beat Paul Peroutka" trophy. should it be a banner? or a silver football?
RT : The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. ~Hubert H. Humphrey
Whereas 2011 was the year of audience interaction a cursory view of #capfringe12 has tech as an emerging theme. Also lots of Shakespeare.
Congratulations to , who was the first Badger off the board last night, going to the Cincinnati Bengals with pick No. 27.
If I'm able to touch one person every single day, I'll be happy!!
Is Crushing -_______-
2 weeks to the day I suffered a concussion at work ill be back there hope my patient is under control actually
I hate to say it, but I probably can't make it to your recital.
please follow back! im helping promte new singer, check him out! (:&tell friends!
get your shit together!
Ref gotta call that.
Love you
Sorry to ask, but what are you saying at the end of that?
Drank my first monster in over a year, Bravo red card, 35 mins of joy, and 2 Sounders goals in 2 minutes. My heart is failing.
spelling bee winning word - cymotrichous - 14 yr old Sukanya Roy the winner
It looks like it's on channel 323.
You should check out our site - daily and weekly fantasy contests, cash prizes, freerolls (cash with no entry fee).
Thanks, Jen! :D
That is tough! Any parameters? Or, just favorite to drink, period? RT : Need to know - what is your fav WA red blend?
Thanks for the follow, Sally. Nicely eclectic tweets. Best - B
urgent. Send me your digits. Need to tell you some interesting news.
I kinda used to respect you. Solidarity?
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats. A. Branson Alcott
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 05/03/12 is Dan and Ian!
Soundhound has just replaced Shazam on my phone.
i'm not masturbating but i'm feelin' myself
Where are you located?
Very excited to have you as a speaker ! Know you'll bring lots of knowledge & value to the conference!
True. But sadly for Spike, it's still by far their highest rated show, so they have time. Think it would have to train wreck.
Haha, now the guy is off the call and watching a streaming soccer game very loudly. Is it rude to ask if he wants to borrow some headphones?
agreed! I've found the active group of MSFT tweeters are all pretty damn cool. Scott is a great voice for them cc:
Thanks for the quick response! Some boards and threads are up already.
you need to change your handler to
Appreciate your thoughtfulness.
I was hoping nobody caught that ;)
Playing draw something with 5 other people in my class. Yeah we are great students.
Nothing says "I'm gonna' kick your ass", like Justin Beiber. Really Mayweather? Really?
Universal Studio's Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit roller coaster opening date has been delayed to late Spring/early Summer 2009. Get ready!
9:00 – Are you thirsty? We have the cure for what ails you! $10 for all the tap beer you can drink tonight, any of 10 selections!
this is an awesome place!
random peopme and pictures are the best.
why you say that lol
Finding out who wins in a couple hours! :-)
Lol! Hey boo!
Oh hi guys. I'll be on the other side of the fourth wall if you need me. But knock first. I'll probably be making out with Ike or Pit.
What is everyone's expected outcome of the LOTR decision?
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
We offer both adult and youth programs.
RT : Breaking: Judge Throws Out NLRB's New Rules to Speed Up Unionization Elections. Says There Wasn't Quorum...
so long nobody realizes! Haha
American Idol finalists go home. Jessica Sanchez is a monster...
Hooray! RT : Blue Ribbon Pizzeria NOT opening second spot. Chef Wade opening "The Craftsman" instead.Former Savory spot (east E'nitas)
I don't mind ripping the carpet up if the wood below is okay. She got a puppy when the house went up for sale.
rcp? Idk what that stands for
For the next three years, McDonald's is going to open one restaurant every day in China
when I was little, I had dreams of what I wanted to do when I was older... now I have no clue.
Ankles: sprained inner ankle
on jointly authored, Oulipian suffragist novel "The Sturdy Oak"
Inge a good for the
I really like that one!
ODOT cam....Possible accident in the right lane...Powell Blvd. off ramp from I-205 NB...
stick with it! You can do it! Need to finish my rocky coast sleeves too...
Had the best two hour nap, now some food and study time. Something healthy for dinner. I need my energy.
"Ah, come on, IT'S GREY GROOSE"
Any chance this becomes the permanent home??
you rock our world too!
Not to mention Sacramento, which wants to build a new arena even though it looks like its NBA team is leaving anyway.
cute boys, tight pants, of course I'm down ;)
Just finished Toastmasters, now on to a business mtg at Starbucks in Plano. Lunch mtg at LakesideBiz in Rockwall, TX.
Keep refilling the same Snapple bottle w/ water. I've learned that potatoes have more chromosomes than humans like 200 times.
thanks so much for the follow! If you are ever in the market for new furniture or a new mattress let us know!!!
Ok so if you don't have the CF7 lic, then your only choice is It's not a technical problem so I can't help further.
Dosequis' most interesting man.
hey check out some designs at our site. save some money with us on more than 15000 designs
Thanks so much!
What a nightmare. ;'(
THE THING
Listening to Timmy Tebow's press conference.. This guy is just to likable.. He says all the right things.. Peers can really learn from him.
Bye #Miami. It's been real. See you son!
Want to help design graphics for a study on mobile money? My group is seeking a #design #freelancer in the DC area. pls DM me!
I'm just happy with the 45 degree weather up here. So much snow this year, will take a while to melt :(
lls that sound like me callin chris. And I only be on the bus:-#
#SPEEDF11 yes he gos from bad to good
deff going far away for college
Went out to Red rabbit fest to check out local music. All the bands were pretty sweet! Check out who tour it up!
I think I need to reexamine exactly where my political philosophy is these days. It's certainly evolving.
About to watch absolutely kill it
absolutely, one thing he gives this offense is consistency, you never knew what you'd get out of Orton each week
“: Tell him to send me a HUGE bag of gummybears! Have a Blessed week Terry. Nothing But Love For You!”<< Hugs:)
Interested in group rates for the 2011 season of Black Nativity (12/8-12/10)? Call 617-585-6366 for more info and details. Or visit...
that works to..
Can you do me a favor and follow ? Hes my best guy friend xD
And why not? RT": I DO NOT HAVE AN INSTAGRAM , that is an Imposter!!!"
friends follow back I am already following you
Friday Friday
Not trying to be #passiveaggressive, just calling it like I see it. Kudos to #Baylor being good now but dont forget the past
Hepatocellular Carcinoma, Potential Risk Factors Studies In European Cohort Study
Thank You! O)+>
do we need to make vampire mob ties with bloodstains on them?
post a AVI pic of them pretty eyes so I can fall asleep tonight.
Practice makes perfect.
As opposed to not returning? MT : harper didnt deserve plunking. but hamels is tough... returned from badly broken arm in hs.
Yep, saw something about that the other day.
James R. Cook~ Do just once what others say you cant do and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
Whoever the lazy ass was who came up with the name "P'Zone," you are a lazy ass.
That Profile pic Fly as Fuck!!!! Loll...
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
Wanna know what its like to be surrounded by crazy filipinos? Come to my church
Thanks for the +Ks!!
lmaooo! omg doesn't the food look so good
be careful Marie. Ily “: Tyga Tyga man I only wanna hit ! TYGA HERE I COME.”
All a gay girl need is some good dick
Today was a crazy day
Haha RT : Stupid, attention-grabbing little girl with a root sports sign, stop it. Make a pirates sign or don't make one at all.
Dude his Buffer than you
maybe we need a Hashtag
It sounds like you have done your research. I'll just add that Tallulah is excellent. What drew you to bonobos?
"I hate this song." "Then why are you singing to it?" "It's catchy."
how scary <U+E40D>
love you too girl:)
Stay a little while and see a different side of me
feels good to finally be home<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yessir! Just got back- forgot how pretty the ML is in the spring- cherry trees blooming everywhere! You 'round thur/fri?
RT : MT : Amazing Stats -> 6.8 Million Android And iOS Devices Were Activated on Xmas Day, 242 Million Apps...
"Don't Think Twice" which was ultimately done by Bob Dylan? If so, that one. I can see Lorraine doing after she leaves.
Its been along time since I've did all that haha !
sure i dont mind :) which one, 3 or 4 o clock? or do u still want me to ditch the last one?
Nf follow back
Boomtown. Got the Prohibition T-shirt. HOTNESS! I MIGHT go out tonite just to rock it.
Leuer falling out of the Bucks rotation? Did not play tonight and played just 12 minutes total in the previous 2 games
Those of us that have been loyal to Apple stayed because their customer service was great... it no long is
phone dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
My boss just told me "I better not go anywhere." I'm going to hold onto this stability for a moment.
Do the Kardashian's ever have no make-up on?
MT #ERISA #definedbenefit plans, have you received 2012 #AFTAP from #actuary? 4/1 is deadline to avoid possible plan restrictions
Lawwwd that felt good
Valid question. Just searched and found 5 possible #RachelGannon's. BTW, congrats on the friend request...whew, great day.
Why won't you let the guest hosts present Worst Persons?
Celeriac root vegetable may protect against cancers and may help cardiovascular disease.
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds. Punctum is the spark of contingency. A little hole in the surface. Her hand is not this.
Breakfast is the best meal of the day - seriously. 6 egg whites, 1 cup of spinach, 1 fiber crisp with macadamia nut butter AHH!
Tyga Black Thoughts 2. Wow. Real Life music shit. Anthemic Symphony type of music. Every1 needs to download it.
Stuck in the airport in Salt Lake City... Delayed 3+ hrs :( At least they have the #Butler game on! Go Dawgs!
goodmorning! <21 can't wait to hear new music (: have fun!
HA!!! Memory lane...
America, why do we need all this Federal Government run around about creating jobs???? I'll grab all of them by the hands and show them how
& Fullstache team great job! I just had *another* friend find he's got prostate cancer. 6 friends w cancer in 2011.
good luck Jeremy, you'll be missed! Enjoy that run support!!
ORLANDO vs STEAK! 1 Day away! Former Redskin Reggie Branch taking on challenge!
Just about freaked with Nolan at the end. Then I remembered that we've already seen screen caps of him alive next week. Whew.
NO SO RANDOM THOUGHT: Nothing like a little interracial soft porn to get the ratings up. Thanks ABC.
Spring sneeze attacks suck.
ok next week right?
We'd love to be on your show! E-mail me to work out details
You sweet girl! You just made my day. You must come visit!
You're either going to get high or you're not. It doesn't matter if it's 420. How about everyone shuts up now.
Today's election day in Indiana, please vote. You have a say in how Indiana represents you! Voting is a right we have...exercise it!
Who woulda thought the Chiefs/Chargers game would be the best MNF matchup tonight? Down to the wire...
Self-Realization is... a state of the greatest gain, the greatest bliss and the greatest knowledge.
Watching Scarface downtown with Harry & contemplating where to go in the Milly tonight.
Another super successful event!!!!!! I am pooped...but so worth it!!!! I love makeup and the fashion industry! ! #teamMMD ROCKED! !!!
Idk ask her?
Seeking a #Senior SQL DBA# with experience on architecture and maintenance of TB-sized Databases. Please contact
Listening to Jeff Rosensweig talk about the future. He's an amazing guy!
Looking forward to the beginning of Spring training
Ok I went and made my own icon.. How does it look?
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf she tells you who she's crushing on. :( damn
I love his smile. Actually, I love everything about him.
mLearning Analyst is perfect. Though I might still call you mLearning Prophet from time to time... :-)
“At the end of every tunnel there is light but you can’t see the light until you go through the tunnel...” -HH King of Nepal
I love the Incredibles!
Omg Keana I Miss Yu I Didn't Know Yu Had A Twitterb How Is It At Blake & Text Me :) (Btw This Satesha) :D
We lose about 50 to 100 hairs per day.
naw u can keep the ranch but the rest I'd devour
Twice as nice! #cara student Joanne R. secured a position as a Customer Service Associate! 51 of 310!!
But u shouldnt smash everyhing wit legs and a twat #ijs !!!!: I guess everybody sexy is different but damn!"
Some folks I've run sound for this week: Tom Russel, Ramblin' Jack Elliot, Mickey Hart, Bill Kreutzman, Bob Weir, Anvil, Jason Newsted, Pap…
That is one angry Roy face!
so sad! Every season goes so fast. Hopefully there's a 6th season back in Seaside this summer!
Congrats to for your movie "Think Like A Man" making #1 at the box office opening weekend.
Off To School!!
Role of Hollywood/film in climate science ed leads today's Yale Forum update. Health, "REDD" forests issues also highlighted.
Took a 4 hour test today was terrible <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
amazing performance from 3 today man.. Keep it up!!
Happy Sunday! :)
Have to laugh when reporters ask #Toews (23-years-old) about the "youngsters" aka Andrew Shaw (20) and Jimmy Hayes (22)
THANK YOU :) XOXOXOXO
Sorry about your bedspread, Cloons. Great party though. #walkofshame!
Hell yeah it is!!
You can find it at Youtube.
he is a designated hitter , like he only plays a couple of innings a week and hits sometimes
My idea just got shot down by
No coffee for 2 days and I think my body is staging a coup d'état!
"You're a good guy and you deserve a good girl." yeah, he does.. :\
hay dude so how far do live away from bellingham. Been there before.
silly picture hehe! :)
one out of three consumers who have scanned a QR code have a household income of at least $100,000, according to comScore.
Tomorrow we bid a fond farewell to a longtime Kennedy kid. We wish you the best of luck in your new adventure, Jesi!
Did you just see the way Kuper's foot was turned?!
Intent to blow is now my new favorite NHL catch-phrase
Why are my beloved colleagues are surprisingly excited about the lottery today. Really the lottery?
You are today's winner! You rock! E-mail w/ name, address and item of choice! Woohoo!
What's your current jam? Working on putting together a new playlist and would love your input!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO@!!!!!
see what happens when you switch browsers
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 25
Eating healthy is a life style not a fad diet...
Currently 44% of all global Internet users are Asian, with a projected increase to 50% in 2012.
nice to have you here!!!
KBs will change your body and your life. For a beginner, consistency is more important than intensity. So take ur time =)
small spaces especially, benefit so much from some creative thought put into the layout.
Good night tweetheads!
this is Kerri. She's out of the office but should return around 2:30. I will make sure she calls you then.
if you shoot as well as you did last night we will never lose
Join us tomorrow for Kim Jones' Mudman performance beginning at 1:00 at 530 West 21st Street!
what message does it send to read that only 13,847 people "like Jesus"?
Haha yea, I'm finding that to be more difficult this time around
wit ya jack?
Gotta love the island's free trolley!
Teddy's burger joint is pretty sweet! They even have karaoke ! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
When boys make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better.
Thanks for posting this..As one of the board members of the #Pittsburgh Craft Beer Alliance, I'm happy to see this :)
I can't find the new issue with Em and Yela anywhere! Is it not on newstands yet?
Why choose just one and oversimplify? RT Did Shelley identify with the monster, #Frankenstein or Elizabeth?
dinos are way cooler than rotting bananas and diapers.
it was an 84
I seriously love this fucking chick
ck out all the important people running about the city on fashionbaggage.com
because your bio said to inquire
#moversli available at your service tomorrow after 12pm. Truck & vans available. STarting from $50/h - $110/h tops!
I plan to compose a Tweet every day. This is my first.
The 3 Wise Men go to Bethlehem & offer gifts of gold, frankincense & myrrh. Jesus asks: "So... are these for Christmas, or for my birthday?"
continuing an art gallery marathon....
Carson Daily's tie on the voice reminds me of an upside down Duracell battery
Received my awesome swag from today!! Thank you!!
Dwight will go to Brooklyn, now i have no doubt, good job Jay Z.
Say some shxt I don like && I'll SNAP on you
Thanks for the free ticket RC! <3 I'll send that picture asap.
#iRememberWhen your opposite sex had the cooties !
ya mane
Precision Sports Training is a training program designed to make each individual athlete better.
Good Morning! Sipping my chocoate frosty #Shakeology - prepping for to build my body w Asylum Strength! How is ur morning?
good luck tomorrow. Sad the season is ending either way. Now I just got the Twins to watch.... Sigh.
Can't Wait for the Pacers to beat the Bulls tonight!~
You had me at hello, but you lost me at good bye </3
LOL but still. They need to stop frackin' faking. That's top-shelf material they have their paws on!
Just get into it with a homeless guy at McDonald's, WHO'S CRAZY NOW?!
how would you like me to do this? 69. Standing up? You on your back an me buried in your cock?
Jalen Rose just straightened out Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith mite have fueled the fire between him and AI again!!!!!
Do my eyes deceive me? You can actually buy a now!? I must have one!
-BD- Any suggestions for phrases or terms to give to Big Show in tonight's edition of Big Show vs. Urban Dictionary?
Im Breakin Out Mi Own Box You Stay The Same
thank you thank you, and now for my encore.....
If tori fucks up my eyebrows imma pop her ass
thanks man.
haha just watched how i met your mother..you know the punch line
Q4: Glühwein, is a go-to holiday cocktail in Germany. How do you toast the season?
Now you're talking.
Live interview with me ED ROBINSON can be heard via www.culturalvibezradio.com @ 4p.m. today. Big up to all in ATL
where do I get one of those?!
: His pecs must be made of saltine crackers.
If you try and see the good in the situation, your #stress levels will greatly diminish. ~ Catherine Pulsifer
Waffle House for breakfast!
Angelina looks like she's still dating Billy Bob Thorton.
today's xkcd reminded me that my planet-ordering mnemonic is obselete
Best part of starting a new business for the first time: the lack of habitual status quo process. Doing what is right, not what's expected.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
its not me who is drinking hun
Hey from the Official Arkansas street team!:)
Getting ready for the #penfield parade. Nice to March before it gets too hot!
Watching the Murdoch's lying ther ass off''Where is Glenn Beck and Bill O at'' lol''
RT Audio versions are already up. Check out our talk with about , talking #ipad &
hehe then there will be wednesday!:)
Ha! RT : It's a good news day in Cincy when the afternoon's top story involves zombies.
first local music sandwhich in now being eaten on TBLMS. This one goes with some Haverhill Brewery beer!
yes, get off the computer at 11 so i can watch jersey shore and play With Friends for 7 hours...i hate myself right now
Whatever happened to taking photos of what you see? You don't have to Instagram everything! (Also, fake tilt-shift looks like crap).
R u better off waitin for sum1 to make u happy?? Bcuz iCuldve SWORN ppl were better off makin themselves happy.
This has been such a hectic week. I just wanna shower.
Zombie fights > twitter fights
Four year olds are the best form of birth control
Q. What is the Difference Between Pussy and Apple Pie? A. You can eat your mom's apple pie.
Next time I have a bad set I'm going to pepper spray the audience and call it Black Friday.
hell yea lol ... u know how it be
orly id hope so
#FreePress demands honesty a sense tht facts sld b "inconsequential" 2 it's own interests. #FreePress-Democracy can't have 1 w/out the other
Father of murder suspect says his son is a "good kid."
Why does my chicken stock smell like wet human feet? :(
May I humbly suggest, Gods kinda faith: Peter walking on water Knowing that if Jesus said it He Could do it. Amen
once he tweeted me i would just go into complete stalk mode and wait til he tweets me again
Use your time more wisely before time wisely uses your ass.
We will be in NYC this week for the 2012 Apple’s Mobile Technical Competency (MTC) certification.
6 Adrenal Weariness Therapy Remedies to Use at Home
Totally. Which TriBeCa films should we see this weekend?
Fear not, New Mexicans! I have ordered another batch of off-air antennae. Hold out for a couple of days. I've got your fix! Call 350-6428
Swooning over iPad Field Guide to Victorian Fauna. Plovers and platypuses!
A favorite breakfast of mine: "Frothy Banana". 3 bananas, 2 cups ice, 1.5 cup water, blend in high-speed blender. Yum!
Packed live studio for send your questions via twitter
first saw his stuff with ashley wood in swallow.....mind blowing even up close.
awe yea, mos def. X mentioned that u were spinning records atcha spot & it caught my attention. interested.
watching these fan girls go crazy over the jb boyfriend video on my timeline :) lol
": Children’s hospitals thank Cindy Mann for her efforts to ensure kids’ access thru improved #Medicaid payments."
A lot of good upsets are going to happen
my dog just ate my favorite pair of sandals! Wtf?!
Brilliant idea!!! Need an office or investment in your business? Check us
don't you make fun of people who tweet?
did he bring the whole lot of you guys up through the skylight to his precarious rooftop lookout? usually part of the session
The one day this school year I decide to wear a tye dye shirt, 5 other people wear one too!
Is it Cocktail Time?!? From Old School to New School | Geeky to Tiki we've got you covered!! Take a break and explore our new Cocktail Menu!
Hey everyone we appreciate the ever growing support! Keep it up! Please follower one of our biggest supporters personal Twitter account.
Can't stop watching
Happy Thanksgiving
Yes she is!
William Hazlitt's view, "Literature/theater/art/philosophy - matters of direct concern to the experience of life." - reinforce in classroom.
Closing thought of the night: The guy who puts the "Keep Off The Grass" signs on grass lawns is a hypocrite.
#MyMomTaughtMe how to deal with ignorant people that will always be in my life, and how to be the bigger person.
Ugh . You could of just texted me first for once in your life .
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Did i mention to call in sick for tomorrow? Tonight it's gonna be insane
Family members should never make facebooks ,twitters ect
ugh waiting is the hardest part
It is Xavier Week for the #flyernation Best of luck to my boys over at Dayton.
he is one of the best
Smile!!! It is contagious!!! :)
Recording some live videos of my songs! I'll post one of them later today.
levels game is progressing nicely! I see he's continuing what he did at christ school this year...
#Indiana Pacers!
Go Wendy and Chester Grumpypants!
I miss that band.
great talking with you today.
Friday's Flatbread: Parmesan Peppercorn, blackened chicken, spinach, onions, provel Soups: Creamy Tomato & Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
I'm sure it's a terrible idea to click the links- just find it interesting they bate ppl by being negative- why not be positive
Looks like NC is going to prove its ignorance. You know what that means: State Shopping!!!
"Reality is Negotiable" ~ Tim Ferriss
Depressed as f*** for the moment
;; You're awesome .
you should have one your beautiful , i dont have on either :p
it's not your looks, it's not you words, it's your ways...that make you so incredibly beautiful <3 Make it an amazing day Sunshine~ xo
Been listening to Hugh Laurie on for the last 10 minutes and didn't even recognize his voice. Wow, he sure sounds different.
so, was a new source of breakfast tacos discovered?
good tired as hell lol
thanks for the love! What skill would you like to share?
It seems like priorities are fuckd up and the importance on material things are too emphasized
The pace of this schtick is too Vin Diesel/Paul Walker for me to follow.
Cleaning up Hart Park tomorrow with
Do you recommend a good classroom response system (clicker)? Experience with these? Help! Thanks!
Edmodo requires schools, districts, &/or teachers 2 obtain consent from students' parents before collecting any personal info
I'm seriously bout to!
The guy who grunts the loudest at the gym isn't always the strongest but he's always the most annoying. Same for the guy that drops weights
I have a food hangover from Easter
I think everyone realizes it's a terrible deal, but it's ever so slightly better than nothing I guess
you know that was written by George Benson though?
My Mommy is bacc!!!!!
Not really
Owner/President/CEO/Exec. Producer of Pimplife Wrecords Co./Real Life Ent./The Galaxy Room Studio. The true One Man Studio!!!FUCK WIT YA BOY
Been on the phone for about 2hrs doing some apps and on facebook
You can do so by signing up for free on our website turkeyandfriends.org =] RT I wanna join a group like this!
Nice. Sure to be another solid record.
we strongly oppose raising the retirement age. That is a benefit CUT, plain and simple
Trynna talk on the jack when im watchin the game <<
If I was going to attempt to seduce Joumanna Kayrouz, the tactic I would use would be spending money.
Great to hear it! “: Had a great meeting today! & I have some exciting news come May!”
#NowPlaying #MovingOn it's legit the best song ever.
Happy Easter everyone! I hope you all are spending this holiday with your family and friends.
Sorry I will be missing #lrnchat tonite; enjoy and I hope to catch u soon!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
i decided to keep my twitter.
RT : Congrats to on your 10 year Anniversary. We truly appreciate everything you do to make Chemo Duck look good!
Your opinion on that definitely means something to me. I'm just recovering from a #badgoogleexperience :)
Great meeting with Ryan of !
I'll spin bitterness for paying full price for lunch as relief not to eat among the commoners
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it. Bill Nye,
Peterson's Birds of North America iPhone app is only $0.99 for Earth Day. That's a $14 savings. What a deal!!
I cant see the Rangers ever losing another game. Joe Nathan? maybe a few
Thanks for the mention - happy monday!
not according to r government lies.Life span getting longer. We keep people alive longer, but they r broke from medical bills
Listen to some real shit this morning right here. If you don't know JReal, ask your mom.
Charlize Theron, Kate Hudson, Dakota Fanning, Zooey Deschanel - and Linday Lohan?! It&#39;s The Best Dressed at the White ...
where did you get your boots from that you wore to the show?
ull get owned
I'd love to check it out - send it over!
YW I just added you to G+ also. I been using that more lately
Holy moly. AUSTIN LOOKS EVEN MORE SEXIER WITHOUT HIS BRACES.
I have been snowed in today in the Shenandoah Valley and have been working on this wedding site all day I run www.Shenandoahweddings.org
Lastly, DOJ's case is weak. Millions of emails to sort through--yet evidence is comically circumstantial.
I Want To Give You Some Love...#BobMarley!
Thanks for following everyone .... Our group is growing and growing fast.... Let's educate #AustinTexas on Fraud Risk Places
Well this is awkward..
Im also mad I cant go play tennis wit jen nd ana
I haven't heard from my baby!
Democratization is a long process- not just elections and constitutional provisions. About fundamental rights, balance
RT Show your a Fan of the Artists Music by clicking on the "Become a Fan" Button @ www.Rhythmshare.com
Think the guy next to me on this flight is David Crosby or possibly Santa so I need a bag of drugs either way
For you it can help you network with people in the gaming/webseries circles- its helped me meet a few important people.
Rita's and boy's lax game with the #laxteam :)
Too cool. Congrats!
It’s supernatural, extraterrestrial
Tasting the rainbow,
it's excellent
follow back please?
hey so have you thought about it
44 hours without my phone? Extreme torture.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
RT : happy bday to your babies :)- thank u & happy mothers day
Nah you weren't. But the ending was what we already talked about in class.
totally. gotta break the spell, tho this one may not do it, tbd
Yeah man let's do this, you can see what it's like to have fans. And playoffs. And a pitcher. And run support.
Watching these females that once looked pretty turn #Rachet is horrible anyway im going to sleep Goodnight/Goodmorning..........
like thinkin bout the lounge..you can smell it bro
makes me proud to be a Jew.
keep those updates coming on fp/pot
Well i'm off here because there's probably 99% of you that are gonna spoil the ending to #TheVoice for the west coasters..
#oomf is a complete dick
Amen...I say, Amen! Hope you're having a wonderful weekend! Best...B
we're the last act for the show so we got mad time bro lol
Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
Yeah i think so
Happy Tuesday Janet!
BALLIN only by association because you was next to me! Wha whaaaaaaaaa!!
miss u
incredibly tempting!!!
U never dmed me RT : should answer my DM question...
Love m
RT The DXS #SAPPHIRENOW twitter contest starts May 13 -follow us and tweet #DataXstreamatSAPPHIRENOW you could win a new iPad
If you're the Clippers would you consider sitting CP3 tonite so you have a heatlhy star in gm 7 or take your chances tonite?
Awesome! See you there! RT : Just bought our tickets for the Holiday Gala on Dec 8! (cc: ) Can't wait!
Sorry we missed this. Just tried to call you. Are you still available to talk?
"Girls hug all the boys except me and I just smile but it hurts." if I ever met them, I'd only hug Niall because of this quote.
well don't be too sad await for all the joys of happyness that will soon be a reality. ..< trying to act smart what a dork
you have taught me so much about the kitchen, especially on Sundays. Thank you! I take every tip I can get!!!!
Bob Silver of MWW did nice article for PRWeek on tweeting during events. No direct posting of comments allowed. Clueless in PR?
New short story coming soon. Titled Lipstick. Watch for it ;)
Whoa..Bat Conservation International has declared war on Lego for portraying bats as monsters. This could get ugly. Guano's gonna fly.
Naturally, for I am the Dayman
Dead and Gone
???Follow me?
Ranking Chas Councilman, "We oughta annex Sissonville." I said, "Chas gun control would be problem." He said "We're not changing that!"
Sink your teeth into a pesto pizza
lmfao I like that one
Did you call me on purpose this morning?
Everything is second to your dreams
DC<U+2600>61; Philadelphia :)
Out of nowhere, my #comcast email stopped working...I would be sad, but nothing important goes there
what's good fam
shows u how bad the center position is in the nba.
Mirtes & I visited #Holocaust Museum in DC last summer. Mirtes cried the whole time we were there. #NeverForget, never repeat
Madame Davis had an early morning. 3 am to be exact! It just dawned on me why I am ultra sleepy! I should set a better tone for my week...
Money can't buy happiness, but a high Klout score sure can.
tweet tweet
Every function of body is perfect and sufficiently stable in every way.
I like your photography on Pinterest. Thanks for sharing.
This post confuses me lol
I'm think they will use him if they have to tonight, but would prefer to put him in 5th spot
Stupid ass fight fucked up my night, ugg fck !
Damn the flow is coming in full form , longest Its been
a bag of beans will save your life.
Sorcerer's Stone? You need the movie explained?
#lastthursday food vendors: Applications for licenses are available at FoLT booth, between 19th and 20th
right. what state are you in?
When I'm Done Eating A Bowl Of Chex Mix, All That's Left Is The Pretzels (:
I want qdoba SO BAD! (things I think right after I finish a run). -__- haha
Oh my god, let's go watch the avengers! (: lol Have fun in Dallas.
Man in ComRoots pitching a "wee bible" for hipsters: "This is a $50 million dollar idea. you think I'm crazy? This is a $50 mil $ idea!"
Thank you we had a great time !
Dance to the music live to the music in your soul<3
Thanks for sharing! Very insightful.
by the way, need for speed tonight!? I just got my xbox back and we can play :) and I'm planning on coming up to visit soon!
Well as soon as you figure it out let me know.
Thank you for your excellent work via the blog and we look forward to meeting you in June!
What makes a male sexually attractive to a female?
Britney Spears became the best selling artist of the decade. Do you like her?
Really wishes would follow me. I know does too!:P
it's really good!:D can't wait for your album ^,^!
Trying to keep my body as healthy as possible to keep career goals on track. Making more time for the sports club. On the ball now.
Hi Morgan, if you click on his name (to expand the description) it will be there! :)
Join Librarian Hank Herreman for a book discussion about the The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the Tutt Branch on April 10th at 2pm.
So the snow will melt today and we will have slush and mud to content with
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 4.
Go hard or go home.
Go Red! RT: : Today in history, 1933: Prohibition repealed & Memorial Union becomes 1st public university union to serve beer.
Watching Americas Got Talent
tonight was pretty good..ad tomorrow is Friday Friday ..getting down on Friday<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I had this good ass dream I had met this beautiful girl named Natalie she was my type good personality etc .....
u don't see them at lunch?!?
over here by Duke. I got a lab
Walker is using Wisconsin like a soap opera star aiming to break into movies, even win an Oscar. Time to cancel his series.
#EBUS118 Find a Milwaukee business using Twitter for marketing purposes and follow them - Retweet a message sent by them using RT at start
... Looking forward to your tweets!!!
lol i saw it.... and for the record that ball was hard to hold on to hahah
thanks for following! :)
Taco Fiesta is awesome and now you have me craving it too!
They are easily reviewed at
If they use the same fake statutes and precedent, they "will probably prevail"
Movies in the Park sponsor, University of Phoenix, is raffling 1 $120 gift card to Great Basin Bicycles during "Breaking Away."
8 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
WHAT'S WITH ALL THESE MU FUCKIN AVENGERS IN THIS MU FUCKIN MOVIE!!!
That shit was too funny.
turned in for consuming a beverage in celebration of a friend's wedding, pure unchristian behavior
ops.... Sorry!!! But in the same breath, you're welcome!
"KEEP AWAY FROM ME." In low man voice.
In LA? NYTimes columnist Ross Douthat on how the media misses the religion story. USC Annenberg auditorium 5pm Thursday 9/16
next time you find out about some bingo let me know!
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Miami is so far though ! /:< He's moving for like 6 months ! That's too long !
Congratulations. You just completed half the workout :)
just be yourself, scew that promo nonsense, you'll take less time being you than they will being someone they're not!
Dillard strikes out Kemp. #Brewers come back coming up.
Belden Stratford has great short term & furnished #apartments! Great for 2012/2013 apprenticeships!
Yes, but has she taken your high heels yet?
#fieldstudies was a hoot last night. Bummed I had to leave early, but happy that my penny loafers are finally broken in.
Color Jam will bring concerts, talks, & virtual interactions to the Loop. What other public programs would you like to see?
I just want a nice old 4 door car. Nothing big.
whats good bro
Warm weather returning to dc
how can we setup and interview? who do we contact?
Never too lateRT Mini twisting my #naturalhair... too late to turn back..
RT “Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there.” I'll be there. ;)
Movie recommendation is Steve Carrell in "The 40 Year Old Virgin"
your last scene literally has stuck with me since i left the theatre, you made me feel for Cato so much!
Marty's crying won #Devils the game
Beautiful imagery. We have a traveling exhibition going on now called "Earth from Space" as well.
Packers really missed the boat as Marshawn Lynch goes to Seattle. Cmon Ted Thompson
I hope our Cowboys are paying attention. It's tough to win games, and you gotta be ready each week. We can do this!
Good luck! (:
Braxton Miller just re-enacted the Wisconsin game winning TD before the refs called it back on account of excessive awesomeness.
According to a 2005 survey to 167 non-profits, individuals donate more money online than any other fundraising method.
New details in wire fraud case against ex #Badgers star Michael Bennett say he tried to get a $200K loan from an undercover FBI store.
oh, sorry, I meant like, in general - I'm working in sector 7-G today. But I do want to soon
#YouThinkYoureFunny no, that girl who thought she could sing who tried out for american idol is funny
Definitely like this shift
you don't like it?
Love the Meatrix!
Listening to Avenged sevenfold's songs my life seems wonderful!!!! hahaha=D
In 2010 become a "creative collective entrepreneur" by being open to innovation and working together to make a difference in the world.
Y U NO LOVE ME
This is my 1st time experiencing someone in my family giving birth out 17 nieces & nephews...
....should be called "Raimar's Deep Thought of the Day."
Great meeting you tonight
And by scene I meant tripped on a loose tile
Just realized the town name in my new #WIP sounds more like a type of ice cream than a town. Back to the drawing board.
What is there to watch on Tuesdays? ? ?
are in
((HUG)) from a grandmother.
Lmao I hate and
If you were a candidate, we'd turd you for skimming. Each and every word must be weighed, considered and cherished.
Playing go fish with my grandma:)
He Gets Pulled Over & The First Thing He Do Is Tweet .
#shortgirlproblems climbing cabinets/countertops like a little monkey just to reach a bowl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Steve bring some yummy sushi! RT : will we see u guys out again 4 karaoke thur? Did u like my shoutout?
Listening sessions are critical to healthy, creative living. What are YOU listening to?
This bitch is wretched!!!
Human beings can transform themselves. They can grow larger or smaller but;they grow every day - Maria Green
We often spend life so paralysed by the thought of failure, it molds us to our seat.
Thanks for the RT. Hope that you're doing well in the beautiful OC!
lmao how is that fucked up
- Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict. Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also.
What where those ppl name that we have to write letters to?
Inching toward vegetarianism after two emails today: Petrossian LA 5-course foie dinner; St. Francis winery debuts 'luxury' bacon dinner.
My son Dylan is 15% for weight, 10% for height and 99% for head. Jordan's 99% for head too!
Haha. I hope not. VY better be P/C when he meets the media today. No crazy comments.
Follow my new friends: and & (but he's really nice)
No we're not obsessed with newplay.
can it just be summer already
I ride through Central Park 5+ times per week and every time it is different.
oh yeah tell me? :-)
AW SHIT 's MOM HAS A VOXER? TIME TO FUCK SHIT UP.
omg I die every time
I need a break, but id rather have a break through.
Had the best weekend with my other half. Now I'm sleepy and exhausted lol. i missed him so much :)
I like how they're in Chicago though :)
Thanks for the retweet.
I later read Alias Grace, which I now consider my favorite Atwood book.
It is the first day of Spring! Isn't it time to Spring Forward in your life? Coach Terry
No me.
Are you freakin kidding me!!??
I wanna be the 9000th tweet lol
It was fun! Say Hi to Terri and Joe. You need to meet Dene and Richard as well to really understand the genius of Richard Weedman et al.
Not sure if this is THE Malcolm Gray. I don't see anything indicating this is a verified account
ME!!!!!! (: CAN YOU FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASEE (:
Free Citi of Angels!!!!! Locked up in that twitter jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200
Chuck Taylor (Lexa Pros and Cons) is the boyquivalent of e. lockhart's Ruby Oliver. So of course I LURVE him. "You're pretty!"
How you be gettin hellla followers
And thats why your city never deserves to EVER win a cup.
new song idea of a title /// smokeshow - (sexy bombshell walks into a bar)
come on dude,
wat about dem
RT : Only people with the courage to fail have the opportunity to truly succeed.
yes yes
Oh, just checking with others as I know that we have to be careful with "discounts" etc. Wasn't sure if volunteering time was
DailyHookahTip#92:Don't bust out a #hookah at parties unless you: a)don't like it,b)enjoy coal burns on your carpet,c)have a Hookah Home
"Who, being loved, is poor?" - Oscar Wilde
I still have #johnnie blue balls
I really enjoyed Noche Latina by the Washington Ballet tonight. I'm not enjoying the slow #DCMetro ride home.
this is a good day to knock off early and ride the bike north
Amazing! I've been waiting!
waiting for summer to arrive in Marin county
Vision is a strange monster. It is harder, longer, different and better than you expect.
lol u silly ¦ p
... crediting participation in online peer review, content creation, etc. It will be an excellent resource if funded.
I'm honored haha
I hear ya. I think I have a masochistic streak for sure. I stuck with Smash all season.
u know i hate people
we are working on it. no eta as of yet
“: You have to speak to students hearts. Take away those walls. #TEDxUSC”
Hey you were lovely at the Beatles tribute show this weekend. Thanks so much!
U know ur a Mexican if u have tamales and qoronas at thanksgiving
Skyteam lounges open. Star Alliance all open. OneWorld all closed. Flight at 3.30 - perfect. And O'Hare of all places!
can you start bets with everyone about the #Spurs? I'll go in with you on that, AND they are going to win it all!!!
Finished Tupelo Hassam's girlchild last night. Wanted to start over immediately. Great writing! Good story - sad but not depressing.
Just a few hours away from #commonpitch Where should we get dinner?
what is a sub tweet?
You can't understand someones pain unless you felt there struggle
Sorry to hear that. Care to share more info?
Faison Dem candidate for Gov of NC thinks sales taxes are a good way to fund public programs. Sales taxes penalize the poor.
Game plan for tomorow coffee in the am n 5 hour energy in the pm LOL
On my own ~ Les Miserables & Someone like you ~ Jekylle & Hyde Are my favorite songs at the moment :)
PLEASE SHOW JUSTIN. IM GOING TO BE CRAZY
Saturday night in, sleeping with Mom and Daddy... And to think ill be turning 21 next week! +_+
it's pretty simple just follow me to the promise land
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Elmore, Lowndes & Montgomery Counties until 08:00 PM
We're ok right now but we have a couple people leaving in Aug. If any thing changes n the short term, I'll let you know. :)
Thanks so much for the RT! I hope you going the post helpful! :)
This lady in my class just pulled out 2 subway foot longs and four Dr.Peppers...Holy shit!!
ha ha! I always tell my clients to stay off the scales...that's weight loss...not fat loss, which is two different things
You want to beat the heat....Come in for a nice cold beer or our new refreshing Mango Drop Martini.
Raquel's school's 5th grade classes read their poems 2day: 100+ kids/poems: amazing what kids can do ! How to keep that fire!
actually, we do.
my little basset hound is wheezing. any thoughts? i'm scared. she's so little.
Nothing greets the new year on a Monday morning in the quiet office quite like Bobbie Gentry.
I will soon be at 1000 tweets.
Thank you! Have a great FRI!
#SometimesYouHaveTo look at the brighter side of the bad going on in your life....
Notes for An Essay… « Tohoku Pillows
watchin sparatcus gods of the arena and doin that hunger games puzzle wit the lil sis :)
I could!
O interesting. good to hear codys fired up
I thought that this was it but the more i go on the more realization that hits me is that it might not be.
Jose Ortega y Gasset~ Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
man, i hate downers.
honestly that's how you personally feel so the other person bf/gf isn't obligated to feel the same way..
im living doing me fuck what a nigga think about me,if u dont care about y u still talking me, you want to leave theres the door.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
there is a chance you have the wrong robcolbert, but does this mean I can party with ya?
Which kind of sunscreen is best- gels, lotions, or spray? galtime.com/article/health…
back of our neighbor's house caught on fire porch2roof. put it out completely before trucks arrived. #nbd, #idgaf,
Anyone else gonna send more photos? :) xx
I believe
Show some love for in-arena host tonight as the #Spurs return from the rodeo ride trip and take on the Bulls! #GoSpursGo!
Bill Gates & Warren Buffett at dinner were once asked the biggest key to their success. They both answered simultaneously: "focus."
Quote of the day "Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in feeling creates love." -Lao-Tzu
I hope your dream will come true
1) Never leave your passport in the back of a cab. 2) Thank God that there are still some honest people in NYC 3) I have the best friends.
Thanks, Jason! Happy Monday! Great meeting you at Gigs4Good the other week. Enjoy the Seattle weather this weekend? :)
It's quite the tragedy :(
Finished the breaker now I'm on the breaker: new waves :p I am giddy right now
Worried my red lipstick might not go with my red belt.
my tan is coming in nicely ...
permanent holiday??
Another Happy Customer! Thanks :-)
is on my new album
The human heart feels things the eyes cannot see and things the mind cannot understand. Anonymous
In dead lock traffic this sucks
What a true #RockStar #TommyLee is!
awkward encounter..... O.o
Thanks for the follow! It means a lot!:) Love you!
Fries.. why do you have to betray me and become cold? D; why you gotta do me like that!
Thank you.
I'm flattered.
If you take me seriously more than 18.3% of the time, you're wrong.
Tonight we play a benefit concert w/ and Doors at 8, music at 9. Order: JG/MBB/TW
If i really had to, i would choose you. Do you know what would happen if i were to ever lose you?
Shyt thank u, I'm finally home!
Starting today Im gon go thru my Facebook friendslist and find one thing I admire and find interesting about that friend
I am on my 4th NBA game for the day. Bucks & Celtics. I started at 10am. I did a few things, but never out of earshot of the games.
Going with "Gemologist" and "I'll Have Another" in the Derby!
This game is stressing me out.
Cinco de mayo loosely translates to: Margaritas for breakfast.
leads with leisure, followed by growing #travel categories: sporting events, mtg/conventions.
I'm glad you found me at ISAS girl, I was in disguise
Sweatshirt Did the Sickest Remix's of "Drop" and "Lemonade"
I Wanna Go To Da Lake Front Tonitee & Get Drunk Lbs
what you want what you need has been right here, i can see that you're holding back those tears. <U+2665>
The White Star Line was building 20th century ocean liners with a leader-follower management style that was 10,000 years old.
I'm sponsoring tonight, 7pm-midnight, @ Busby's East! Come have some drinks (on me) and get a KILLER HEADSHOT DEAL!
ABC has pulled together an astoundingly irritating group of douchebags to do its #OTRC interviews & commentary.
Unrestricted Liscense :P
thank you for the ff
THE DARK SWEDA RISES
shocked, I tell you. Shocked!
Time to hit the gym, haven't been there for a week or so...this could get ugly, lol
WOO-HOO!!!! Congratulations - I so look forward to having you just up the Northeast Corridor!
r u serious?:O
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions and The Naughty Valentine's Party with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George along with Cupid's Naughty Dancers!!!
Lost Dog Piper - $100 Reward Piper the Shih Tzu is lost in Carmel, NY.
Such A Good Day! It Just Feels Right!
Thanks for the request!! He's on our play list so stay tuned!
#cmonman u leave, and i won't get to see again!
no I'm out of town! Sorry!
somehow I doubt they still be aggressive
we don't like being Molly-less. How long must we endure?
the pitbull tweet ur a fool!!!
you welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Im in the mood for chinese food
I took one shot and I'm like feeling it-- says
Doing some last minute touches on my Album Production then sending em to the label........
Pass it on! RT : Hey El Paso! Follow & RT for a chance to win free family 4-pack to SuperCroc exhibit!
i think that would have to be
We're looking for creative/travel/art blogs to contact about featuring our project. We'd love your suggestions!
Can't we all just get along? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Hey, what about following me? I love you very much Jake. <U+2665>
best quote I came across today : If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there.
I may have to take actual notes tonight. Old school. #ldaroi Meet you in person soon. Thx, for bringing her.
Hey thanks looking forward to our possibilities 2gether Thanks
Just woke up and feeling like a champ.... I got school in a hour ...
So your family is just a bunch of hot bitches then....
5 ws compared to 4. Plus ours was at least in the decade you were born in. And your coach looks like father time.
Hearing talk about renewal of #VAWA makes me want to get on SART in Utah. Miss being on San Diego Sexual Assault Response Team
Gerald Laird... still can't hit.
One of my favorite sites. www.livenewscameras.com
Money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
I'm sure glad I don't work in ITS today. And that I never agreed that #MS products were a good idea.
Idk why I'm awake. Smh nigga been on some mo ish..
We are closed for today! U still have 1 more chance 2 get that #promgown of ur dreams. Come back next Sat 3/24 for the FINAL fair of #2012!
Nuthin more sexy than simply presentin the Lady n u as a female
Got it
Everyone's going to see this rubber band diagonally across the front of my mouth. I'm just not talking to anyone because they'll see it :/
What?! MARIA got kicked off?! I should of voted last night :(
The death of the iPhone? FarmVille coming to app store?!? No!!!
Opening liturgy at Diocesan Convention.
#YOLO you only live once so make every second of every day count.
New episodes of Sherlock are on!? Bbc? Netflix?
Hey T.Rob -- I can't confirm that right now..
I am so glad that Amare is staying!!!
Congrats to my ole coach Jimmy P. & the folks @ Loyola. Jimmy...crazy as ever!
: do you like to be spanked?
Holy crap I just submitted a request for a major departmental / strategic shift and my director didn't even question it.
guys it's 12am and I thought it was 12pm so I woke up and started straightening my hair!
- what you guys giggling about today? This girl in WISCO, wants to know?? Huh? :)
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 4- “Statistic demonstrates that you’ve done research and are working hard for the audience.”
CVRC members may stay on, if they wish, as part of an informal, volunteer advisory group to the city manager on redevelopment/westside.
School tomorrow or what?.
have one lol
Absolutely! RT : Thanks for the RT (and you should enter, too!)
with you! Feel free to send me a message here or send an email to Kip! Look forward to hearing from you!
King Crab!!!
you'd think I would sleep in, need to re adjust my internal clock;)
Cookbooks, cat figures, one pretty pot. Woohoo reusing other peoples moving boxes!
We're not even close to it, but im loving it!!!
hay hay hay i'm wUts happeninnn
Give props when props are due. Show love regardless...
I wonder what would happen if, say, 10 couples, a minister & a rabbi, went to the state capitol & threw a wedding. W/o licences, it
last night (this morning) i played the scary maze not knowing it was that and the face popped up at the end and i freaked out lmao
In the past, to go to the disco had a talk with my mother, and now with a guy. And by the way, my mother was easier to agree)))
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood:) come see us for pint night and trivia!
its a song sweetie.
Happy Birthday !!!! Enjoy ya day!
We just haven't done it yet
what do you get at starbucks?
What to do this weekend ?
Hey everyone. It's okay for us to pay college athletes because Costas is okay with it. That's what the NCAA has been waiting for all along.
Happy Birthday!!!! Have some coconut milk!
as soon as I get on my computer I will homie
on 16th and market here. traffic is still moving outside no smoke here. what's it look like out there on 34th?
End of the day winners gone win cause they've seen the blueprint. This thang been the same.
Jim Morrison was THE American Poet. Still is. <U+270C>
will do !
belated congrats on the lax team's #1 ranking. Undefeated. Good luck tonight @ Garber.
AH! I don't even know what to think/say/do! What the hell is wrong with you?!
My fav country station on the 5 just played pumped up kicks.. That song haunts my dreams!
Gameday in the desert go coyotes beat the preds
Join me tonight at the Elbo Room in SF for Hell-raising and glass-clinking guaranteed.
I figured. I wanted Herbies around the world to know there are Vegetarians & Vegans in Oklahoma. cc:
you guys should bitch her out :)
Shadon a lame!!!
yup! Reading up on classic cocktails ;) miss you too! Maybe lunch soon?
: same. Economics. Bleh
Guess who's getting Missoni Havaianas? We are! Stay tuned for details...
Great weekend of sales!! We had many people participate, and have given away a ton of free goodies! Don't worry, there will be more...
I also get asked if everyone rides horses. Lol": When people hear I'm from Texas and ask if I have an accent. o_<"
Tread mill today for 30 mins...but I been limping ever since
Just about to begin tonight's "dead tweet" performance of #deadmanscellphone. The audience is arriving and the café is bustling...
your background go's!!
#ednatdenver here we go!!!
I WISH, i had all the money in the world.
I just turned off the game because I am getting so stressed out.
#PeopleLikeUs are like the needle in a haystack; Hard to find, but valuable to have :)
I don't know but there has to be a "Kardashian joke" there somewhere.
Bored open field tomorrow:\ kinda sucks
I'm guessing davidgarrytweet is real to you, as we haven't met. I'm real to other peeps out there.
I absolutely HATE the song Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye.
Within 4 days I picked up a tv series, 6 industrials, financing and a film slate..what did you accomplish last week?
*rumor* of father of Afghanistan war vet sitting in front of police officers holding son's uniform up to officers
Drink while you're ahead.
It has me this morning. Fighting thru
Can't wait to see what you got! Some of the "hot products" have started to arrive!
Running Tip: Keep a running diary, and set long and short term goals. It will help motivate you to get in shape and be a better runner.
...IAM THE SEXY
Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure. Brian Tracy
do you plant in pots or boxes? I've never had much luck with veggies in containers.
I'm doing good. Trying to get back on Twitter. Been a Facebook girl lately lol
I's going to be a long night
Could it be that I don't need to work on anyone else's books today?Guess I'll work on my own. Perhap in a park. ;P
By the time the Kings are finished creating cap space, we're going to be able to offer 5yrs, $2 trillion dollars to somebody.
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire w/ live on scene. 0% contained. ~4,500 acres. 2 fatalities and 1 person still missing.
I get them confused too - the way I remember is that the big end of the V always opens up to the thing that's better.
I'm already dreading how much work I have to do this weekend :(
left my phone on my bus... cool....
Chick buying bong on St. Marks after work. Still wearing Halloween Adventure shirt
Guys why aren't we in school w/the ability to do the most hysterical version of 'Call Me Maybe'
I second this tweet lol
DID YOU KNOW Pastor has his own TV show on Channel ? Tune in tonite at 11PM.
Callahan is by far my favorite non-Capital, but he is quite the diving little bitch.
Thanks for the shout out! The pleasure is ours. Glad to see Little Keswick on Twitter!
RT : tip for driving in torrential rains or snow storms: listen to #classicalmusic. slow down and stress down
God is Love
...and it's only Tuesday
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry. ~Author Unknown
Now I feel loved! =D
sounds bout right but I loved every second of it!!! I bet you looked super presh all derbied out
I would bench Nick Swisher for that shit. Absolutely atrocious baseball. Flat out dumb. Killed the entire inning. Selfish and stupid.
The mark of Bain
So sleepy..about to fall asleep on this computer..Gdnght n Swtdreams everyone!!!
When and i try to rap parts of songs, Funniest shit ever.
Parking lots suck....when they're named I-95. Hearing of lots of stand still traffic @ 95/JTB. -
You should follow and they both good friends and will follow you back and there when you need em ;)
Damn you Charlotte airport. Speed walking from complete opposite sides of the airport is not my idea of a fun Friday walk.
Game 7 party at my house
Ha ha crazy as triathletes, just less lycra
Do you have great sleeping tips for newborns and infants? Please share :)
": So far, a majority of poll respondents support the candidacy. Follow the link to vote."
What do u girls thinks looks better on guys. One ear pierced or both?
okay niggas i'm hungry! fuck Drew and his bitch, and let's go to CiCi's ! i'm tired of waiting on these mofos
discovering netflix and being a scifi junkie is not a good combination.
That cake looks amazing! Will definitely try this. Thanks for sharing.
Food 4 Thought: The easiest way 2 teach children the value of money is 2 borrow some from them.
Sometimes I feel like a beach bum.
If you trade off CNBC news you will surely go broke.
I just completed a 2.99 mi run with a 25:36 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/QIYa0LD
Happy Birthday bro!!! Live it up!! i look forward to our upcoming projects.
Can't believe it's Friday again! Have a good weekend everyone! Don't forget, if you mention us in your #FollowFriday we'll mention you!
3M Introduces New Command Clear Decorating and Organizing Products
having a friday night brainstorm
that's not a lot of cash to walk across a continent full of poisonous animals. George Lucas needs to pitch in.
I never been to one outside of family
was that you holding her you are so nice
Homemade BBQ pork is probably the best thing ever...
charles oakley for interview of the decade!
Can a BOY (not girl ) tell me what's so great about brown eyes ? !!
i luv u and
We agree that there are no magic compilers, including directives. No free lunch indeed. CUDA + Libraries is best.
God can use an ordinary life to bring extraordinary blessings into the world.
team #gaveitmybest. Its kinda hard 2 motivate students at da end of da sem” lol right last couple weeks they need 2 cut some slack
I know right! I was like loooool wtf. :]
Joey Votto advances chess piece, it's Josh Hamilton's move...
"Ladylicious" I love it! Thanks for the congrats. RT : congrats on your award ladylicious!!
'fireflies' came on my itunes shuffle this morning after ages. it's still deffo about being on crack...
Met Lori from and I think she's going to be a pleasure to work with!
Hey guise I'm confused
THANK YOU! RT : My guess is they'll look like BookMobile <---great co. that has shown to be able to adapt quickly.
I wish a very happy mothers day to all the Mommas on my timeline. Including mothers of feline or canine babies! ;)
my phone off temporarily just text me..
MOVE TO TN SO I CAN WATCH IT AND LOVE YOU DOWN~
. it doesn't really change the fact that Rush sounds like someone's crushed gonads whining about Atlas Shrugged
Growing more and more impressed with tumblr. Though not very robust (categories?), still great for sports blogging, curation.
In St. Louis
just pace yourself man. But the cold water is a killer. There's a lot of power bars there & several drinking stations. G'luck!
DENNIS! Where are your shoes? DENNIS!
It's drizzling outside my window and in my brain too. Drizzle and fog happens in people too.
Expresso Patronum!!!! is saving my life from the morning dementors. What a beautiful
that Cam Newton question was disrespectful as you can get. Luck in his 4 yrs in college no Ring! Period.
Cmon Reds, win this thang before my power goes out!
Woke up with two big bruises on my shin. Wtf happened last night?
So.. Can I start playing Diable 3 at midnight???
Make it Wednesday or Thursday and I'm in :D Karaoke?
Love it!
lol fuck em he can't hold me like you used to ;)
::chuckles:: Well, it's nice to know people are reading. ;) I pretty much also decided to say something crazy. ;)
All milkshake out
|#quotes Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thing. the result.
There's a class of 6 year olds playing Duck Duck Goose in Kogan... my day is made.
finished #reading Nothing to Lose by Lee Child yesterday - almost caught up in the series. Where will Reacher end up next?
Watching Veronica Mars season 1, and I like it. Hey, I'm only 7 years behind the times!
Sometimes the reader's schtick appeared to be an exaggerated accent (least that's what I'm calling it).
are you?? Maybe ill see you!!
This has been a busy/crazy past two weeks for me but glad to see that hard work pays off
Cows do give eggs. You just have to dig for them.
why do you make yourself look like the biggest bitch in sports tv shows?
XML wisdom when explaining following the tree structure: "you're not a flying squirrel. You can't jump from branch to branch"
Neither do I.
Sterling singing Mattingly's praises on the pregame..... Yanks vs. Dodgers perhaps in October?
There may be no creature as stupid as an 18 year old girl.
Ya!i love when my braces break -_-
My 2012 resolution: look for opportunities to learn. And to be a better friend.
I'm about to get fucking angry. #ShitsAboutToGoDown Lol
Are you sticking to the weekly plan, or are you doing more than 3 workouts a week?
“: Todd's BEST scenes are with Blair. #Truth”
Itching for ink
sounds like u guys totally ROCKED the place tonight!
Thanks! High hopes for a thriving population. How are their numbers comparing to the past few years?
<U+26A0> I need to make some room on my iPod for tomorrow
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
The scale of a pros&cons list... ;)
So understand! I'm lucky that Twitter didn't exist when my kids were little.
I'm go to Fashion Show right now :}.
Thanks ! Been stuck in meetings all morning & just got the news. Excited for as well!
Time for our Friday afternoon nap.. ~via Pleiadian Stars
Last night I had my first pot brownie. Then I had three more.
Is it wine-thirty yet?
Questionable travel call causes turnover, Rampage uses short field to pull within 10-8.
yo. start up accelerator pitch at 11 (hilton salon B), i'll be at our booth #527, most day & week). stop by
As far as I knw being TT worlwide is not a lifetime achievement amel bent
one exit away from now. rentin my apt ang goin to a house
ha well thank you lol.
because you're funny
Success. Is defined by your identity and position in Christ.
Good morning! Live at 26th and Cal this am, where the 20 yo charged with attempted murder of a police officer will face a judge later today
oh hey Nathan (:
Hello I love this ! - Flor
I have that sense as well. still a navigational noob, but intrigued with what's going on here
Thank you for the OH links! We are meeting with OHRO next week, will keep you updated!
STAR BUCKS
we all know we will die so when someone else dies (who we dont know) we are sad... then again we can put ourselves in the families shoes
I am not dm'ing anyone ... Either its spam or someones in my account but this bad blog shit is bs!!!
If activity continues at this rate estimates there will be a total of 2,188 property sales this year, 2% below 2011's total
Can it be Monday the 18th tomorrow? I'd love to just skip this whole entire week.
This just in, to sleep under stack of stat sheets tonight
'Secure Peace of Mind Inc, ' A New Retirement Educational...
Peep this; I am trying to upload a pic, no luck! Not sick anymore.. American idol was on & made me in the mood to watch Selena!
Accept your flaws with the same grace and humility as your best qualities.:)
I KEEP EATING... Someone teach me self control.
Rough day:(
eww gross! Got one of the pictures from my friendo, but not this vomitfest! Thanks!
IPHONE or BLACKBERRY ? hm....
Samplesaint is plug-and-play. We work with what retailers already have installed on their point of sale systems.
I will not fall; I will stand tall.
i give up on the dresses i think. i cant find one that looks nice on me. but i did find this nice long white skirt
I'm going to be suffering major PCD tomorrow. , you guys really know how to throw a party. ;)
Worst shot i my life is wasteyyyyyyy hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaha
Tune in to CBS: 48 Hrs Mystery on Saturday, May 7 ...to see the story of Lisa Stone's disappearance!
Like this status if you want to hear a clip of a brand NEW song.
leaving good ole st. louie, heading towards memphis, tn
China Mieville at DC Comics? Now, THAT'S how you run a comic company...by bringing in amazing writers from other mediums! Well done!
tallest person alive
Thanks for the updates Tim-o. ><>
#Iwannabe pretty and skinny........
There is just a level of accountability one must have when they decide to name themselves "Metta World Peace" geesh.
which do you prefer: butterfly shrimp or st party's day attire?
Black beanie,Black A&E sweater, grey sweats, black nike socks and black and white nike sliders ;D movie night ^.<3
Shout out to
Omg! My mom being so difficult right now! Kmft
#Ibetuwont put Vincent Castronovo back on the screen.
I am helping men and women join the Skinny Body Challenge: Want to Lose Weight and Get Paid. Get Checks weekly. Enroll 3 people and you...
Cut off 4 inches of my hair
That's like my fav 65-70...but it is nice when it is colder to..lol
Now lecture "Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography & the Reproduction of Affect" by Zahid Chaudhary. Fascinating, troubling, odd tableaux
Excited to have Jeff Beaver of speaking about Sport Promotion today
Wall Street Journal headline: "China Strains To Contain Buzz on Bo" This is getting serious. ;-)
You know what I miss?
Thank you! :) I am trying, sometimes not so successfully, but at least I'm trying.
Well, it's no Library Day in the Life, but still... ;)
WOW!!!! *Shakes head and leaves*
#uCantBeToughAndSay Imaa Get Mama On You
I act like such a happy person. But deep down, Im not. I know people have it worse then I do, but I still have problems of my own.
I believe I had the best ever pork chop last night at #TheGage in Chicago. Whoa. Yum.
good call. A younger coach like a Jay Gruden type. He's doing a great job in cincy w the rookie.
Thanks for mentioning the sounds guys!!!
I Love When People RT Me...
I need new music to listen to.
But lemme chill...That's the last y'all will hear of that from me.
Can you come to woodlands mall??? Please i cant make it to the galleria
Congrats on the booking!! When are you shooting?
Thanks for the support! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
Anyone getting up early to watch the FB IPO? Anyone buyin'??
Thanks for following. WE Liked your FB pg & RT'd. Like us back when u get a chance.
I think you misunderstand me. I'm saying they were a very good team all year. Bad luck shooting % biggest reason why 8 seed.
Only Wave3 has the good ones. These lolly gaggers on the other channels just don't connect!!
For the whole ting of just tonight?
#schoolmemories - Waiting for the end of the day so I can go home and watch in :D
Rumer has it - she's dressing up as #WonderWoman !! She'd be exact 4the #Film !! :D RT : what are you going 2be4 tHalloween?..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
total cool event this am. Gotta live #jmu612 thanks for the follow!
Last week of our idol series: "Breaking Idols: Values or Virtues"
Get TAN TODAY! *Purchase 5 Mystic Tans for $55! Hybrid Tans $9.99 each! High Pressure Tans $12.50 each! Don't miss out!
hell yeah... Both! #CAG and Clippers! By the way, who's confirmed for Sunday?
Hey- I'm getting into this Blog Action Day stuff. Just posted about it.
GOD is good... ALL the time <3
then it's not worth watching this week. ;)
Thank you, President Obama, from PACPI!
haha. Just bug someone enough! ?
Congratulations to Ken Nedimyer of Coral Restoration Foundation being named a Hero for his environmental work - just spoke w/him!
Don't Forget About The Past, Because Whether You Like It Or Not, It Helped Shape The Future.
You're very welcome, haha.
The worst thing in the world is being sick, walking out of the pharmacy& smelling a cigarette that someones smoking right by the front door.
Game of Scones.
Toe rings...
Cleaned my room for the 100th time this month (:
u need to go back to school go google it lmao u learn more when u have to research
Snap backs and tattoos
Have you emailed yet?
I guess you're not proving anyone wrong now..
Well aren't chu special wit ur disposable income~
it'll work out! I graduate here in December, and I've decided the university here is useless, so MTSU it is. Again! Haha
Lol i'm weird
I agree. I wish it was my last day of school. OK, hold your calendars then: next Friday for pie and gin!
Great day of training and gym sessions now home and eating! Than bed than get up and do it again!(:
I've had one powder day, which shouldn't count since there was no snow below and hiding rocks chewed up my skis
Kevin Allen, joinst the guys right now talking #Wings and Preds and the NHL Playoffs.
Oh I just thought there was some way you'd found to block ALL promoted tweets
First day by the pool this year! Feels so good :)
agree! Some shows are excellent, and worth discussing if both people have seen them. But so many people talk/tweet nothing else!
Vaughn Williams intro'd as new AD.
awesome! RT : , and I will be there will bells on :)
I didn't do much today due to this awful case of the flu, but I did write two papers and vote for on
Lose 8-15 lbs in 8 days with a money back guarantee. Message me for more info.
Our boy will be in our bed within hours...yep we allow that
you both look amazing!! Enjoy!!
Yeah you're lucky that I'm nice and I came to suffer through that
My Baby Got A JetSki:) can't wait to ride !!
good to know!
God damn lebron
Teresa: YOU ARE AN ANNOYING PIECE OF TRASH, shut TF up!!!!!
My curls get on my nerves when they_________________________! (please fill in the blank)
Tattoo parlor! So fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#InMiddleSchool I was the one putting people up on new music
Have you read about Pretty cool.. I am thinking about getting involved... I do hold fitness bootcamps for my team! :)
glamorous night? Its cold! D: but I'm alright. Just boredd.
Love the coverage on #IUBB, keep it up!
i wonder how much would charge for a booking in the UK? it would probably be like... thousands of dollars? -sigh-
Next time you're on vacation, have him/her wear them and walk all over a major city. Then walk home because there's no bus after 8.
It's Christmas, the whole family is there and your HEATER BREAKS. Who you gonna call? 24/7 DanielsHVACNM.com THAT'S WHO!
All the Tweets fit to tweet have been the same for three years: Polishing this novel, hoping to get it off my desk and start the next one!
Yup!! I'm obsessed with Christian. Ugh, damn fiction books. Lol.
Happy B-day :)
#DidYouKnow a major cause of falls in the #workplace is improper use of lifting techniques?
If you follow Blackbird PR please start following DeLEuropeHotel, grand re-opening next month. Thank you!
yea just now
you on life one? C:
Curtain up on BOMBSHELL!
thanks for the RT! ;-D how are things going on this beautiful tuesday?
So, I'm taking #amazon up on offer to house ALL of my music in #cloudplayer. Hoping upcoming announcements don't disappoint
Randomly happened upon #TasteOfGeorgetown. Yay for supporting Gtown Ministry Ctr through fun & food (esp. cupcakes)
how was it? Are you training again?
So happy to announce that NotTrash keep over 200 pounds of waste from going to the landfill at this years Houston Pride festival!
#production flow
HR Adrian! NICE!
Saw him hit 1 out to LCF the other night, Greg. He #slapped it out there. And, it STILL went. Stand him UP!
Heading to DC tom to meet with and stare at Harry Reids most junior staffer.
Touring Cal Poly Tech today. What a cool campus they have! A Sig Pi gave me the secret handshake.
Workout ...then sleep..
way to go on the new album y'all!
My computer keeps beating me at all the games I play it. But, it was no match for me at kickboxing! ... Emo Phillips
Entourage is a better email experience than Outlook. Actually happy to receive messages. So much so that I'm reluctant to go to the office.
u were online 22 minutes ago :( .... anyways I want a taco too ! :D
I was commenting on your tweet about the kids drove you crazy
Ya and he has all the signs for liking me but I'm just to afraid to say something since I didn't like him last year so
Fuck love, I'd rather fall in money
Edgier than whack-ass young Republican bullies, bigots, and liars, yes.
uch, , you choose the most inconvenient times to stop working.
I know man I miss yah!
like that Kinte
When people i dont wanna talk to on twitter talk to me <<<<
I'm pissed I left my phone at home today. -.-
Well better do my harrrrr(hair)
me your email, but as a direct message, don't just post it. I don't remember if the one you gave me works or not,
Heehee. I hate when people ask me that.
Great effort from Walden
Pro Tempore => Temporarily
I did good tonight on stage unlike Monday! (: Haha.
My mom has one. I like the UI and what's available on the pee ees3 more than the Roku.
This isn't your standard box mac & cheese - try one of tonight's dinner specials the Bleu Steak Mac & Cheese w/choice of side salad or soup!
Text messages from Santa Claus! Sign up to receive 3 text messages from Santa and it helps The March of Dimes www.santatxt.com
Primed and ready for maker stations at noon!
got you wrapped around my finger babe, you can count on me to misbehave.
haha, love it! I've got a pappy too :)
RT : You have to be transparent and trust employees in order to get innovation.
Gave my 1st talk at #NYLA11 on mobile tech. Now sitting at lunch trying to stay awake until my next talk at 2. Jet lag sucks.
We'd love to have you! RT : tks for the follow! Im definitely overdue for a visit :D
i just saw one of there commercials....
aw thanks Rudy!!! :) made my night
If its going to rain in #washingtondc, at least let there be some snow!
lol awe thank you!
Official meeting of the Dude Club today. Translation: "taking my son to Wrigley!" Standby for cute pics!!
I'm thinking NOT... Am I close, David?
thx, will call you soon! good time to call?
uhm, we got a TOPLESS DJ - i don't think it gets better then this! ;) lol
None of them were written by Lorne!
Will I be checking a bag? Let's do the math: 3 hops + #Delta = no, I don't think so.
be classy...no whining
Antiwar activist: We need you veterans to fight on the Revolution's front lines. Veteran: I don't plan to fight on anyone's front lines.
they won't look exactly like us for long...
Thanks Karen!
BUMPER STICKER - "Some days you're the dog, other days you're the hydrant." What kind of day it is, is up to you.
Those shots of Jose Cuervo I took last night are not my friend right now
Tomorrow is exciting for 2 reasons: Our annual staff Halloween costume day, and #ISSMA State Marching Finals! Good luck, everyone! :-)
Love. Thanks 4 the morn love:)
I can't directly respond until you are following me
Join the call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a #SpecialEnvoy. Watch,Sign, Share: www.fallingwhistles.com
I hate when my mom gets mad because she knows shes losing control over me.
getting excited for the #nedod12 tomorrow with !
Content industries that have bought Congress for years complain about undue influence of #SOPA/ #PIPA foes. Hilarious. nyti.ms/yGzAg4
I'm either getting my tickets after school or tomorrow
were absolutely phenomenal, keep doing what your doing
thanks fellow SMPP peep. have a great day
Getting my grub on at #Chilis!
Stop. Close your eyes. Breathe. How good does this feel?
let me know if you need help!
thats a good tweet... I played point guard for 8 years competitively so I definitely know how to set up the play for the win
you saw me on 50th!?!? Omg I'm soo sorry!!
haha so do i!:)
Oh yeah...another game in the bag.
Come get fucking nuts w/ us and tonight in Tyler, TX at Crossroads (4802 Tidwell Dr)
Of course on NYE I would be the one to wake up w/ a god damn sore throat! FECK! I wonder how gin & chamomile tea tastes together. NYE drink?
what lesson was that? How to look ignorant and stupid, like you have no class? ya Tamie is so bad ass I'd be embarrassed
You reap what you sow, always remember you can't out run karma.
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you please follow me <3 ;) thanks ppl
Just gave a horribly uneven haircut to my Halloween wig! Will fight the crowds at Ricky's tomorrow to purchase a replacement.
lol. Im not really a mean person....you know?
Happy Friday! Thanks for the RTs and mentions
it's true carolina... RT : me: BACHELOR I KNOW WHO WINNNNSSSS, : YOU HAVE NO SOUL
Why the 30 second official timeout?
The first time I had ever saw you act was in RAY,I have admired you and your skills ever since then.Keep up the great work.
Little-noticed "trigger" in debt-limit deal would force Congress to join WAC as its 8th football member if no $1.8T in further cuts by Dec.
may the force be with you.
Oscar Nom-A-Thon Weekend's twelfth and final feature (and today's fifth): Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Bring on the Oldman!
GR! Walking outside this morning to grab some fresh blossoms for and stepped on a nail: through the shoe, sock, and into my heel.
Arm missiles....
Registration for #edcamp philly will be closing Tuesday at 8am.
Trip to the outlets was a bust. Did buy jeans for $9 at Banana Republic. Huge furniture sale at Pottery Barn, but forbidden to purchase.
And watchin salt
Flynn complains more about fans chanting Scal's name than the inability to rebound. Sit down.
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices - cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise & szechuan pprcrn.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Today's FREE breakfast item: Sausage Biscuit. Come get yours from 9 - 10:30 this morning.
I hope Fantasia is okay, my thoughts on this is Alicia keys did the same thing and nobody criticized her, damn.
a box? O.o
yes, flash units are the best way to cure immediately after printing...then they go through conveyor dryer.
ME TO BUT SOME NIGGAZ DON'T GOT NO CONTROL IN DA DARK AND PISS ALL ON DA FLOOR THE CRAZY SHIT IS THEY LEAVE IT THERE NAZTY SHITT
Ike Davis walkoff homer vs Yankees. Ready for a big year from Ike!!
Why do I live here?
any new news on Vera Katz statue, Mayor?
Woot! We have our LLC Paperwork for Spruce (finally!). We're official now! ;)
you complain about him not wanting to hang...now you don't. Why not les?
lol yea that's true
thanks for the sexy pics :P
Well now I feel old. ;) You went far grasshopper! How's business?
What are ya'll doing tonight? Bored? Tonight at 9 is when Karaoke starts!
gah. double-booked myself and can't make it to tonight's planning meeting. sadface.
I would like to congratulate and welcome SDSU’s new president, Elliot Hirshman. I look forward to meeting and working with him.
The new topps pennant app is pretty crazy...perfect for baseball nerds like myself. Every play chronicled in every game
I don't know if you'd agree but, Goodell is punishing people willy nilly with no rhyme or reason. Maybe it's just me though
right, it could be a giant boppy or beach ball...
manimal taking over Andrew who?
Ithink im busted open internally
Walking Dead was crazy! Im tempted to read the book to find out who dies next
You're missing out bro. I'm tipsy.
Music and editing this film...it shall be a long night
Luc asks Annabelle for some of her pretzels. She hands him 3 small pieces saying, "don't eat them all at once. Save them."
RT : Sweeter than a swisher..
pshewww. was about to fold, myself. was starting to get out of my intelligence level.
there are 30 other states we'd have to vote out too.
The internet makes me a better son! Shout out to Pamela working the phone at Prevatte floral in North Palm Beach FL. Thanks for your help!
Thank you! Great times ahead.
looked down on the monitor to check the time, got excited. Then realized I had read the date, not the time. Still an hour left at work.
Right on. Hope I didn't freak anyone out with Merriweather. RT : City Museum and gelato with smart friends
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that you know im not a bitch and dont even put myself next to one
Forgive urself 4 the past n everything u been thro. But more importantly forgive urself for who u were being at the moment n time.
how did that happen? I heard you get one free screen replacement if it still works.
Awesome boots!
Dierra bitch ass aint txt me back when i needed her nappy head ass! Fuck her :)
Freedom is just another word for nothing to Lose, take a chance, chase your dream .
"is your name cinnamon buns?" "you bet your sweet ass it is"
I just noticed they made a cartoon of Legos.......why are they wasting tv time?
Great night at CO Rockies and Atlanta Braves game at Coors Stadium in Denver with ASTD friends from across the country.
I find that many sociologists just don't know much about edtech
:) we already have a room :)
real champions work in the early hours of the day. Ask and they know what's up.
so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!
Weird weather today in #abq. Feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
lol. That would be an example of April Crazies' Day :)
Sad the loop hole is always a jerk move because I think of it as a portal through the time and space of the tax code.
not that kept passing the softball field!
Can't wait to see at this Friday!!! I haven't seen them since Las Vegas and Pitt :)
Cant wait! So excited.for yall
Today @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, guest is Comedienne, Devin Green, Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
Build Day will be held next Saturday,October 9th.
if i unfollow a board, then why do the pins still appear on my homepage stream?
really? im surprised lol but your stories are quiet amazing how could i not keep reading them?(:
It's a real church service lol
all this work is a good thing except that I'd prefer to be cozy and snuggling in bed all day (#youmusthave priorities)
I will!
Prom saturday
Thanks for all of your support. Our Fans are awesome. Win a free iPad2 tonight. Free sign up! Simple to play. www.playffnow.com
Out&About.
Just had everyone go T-Rex on my creative brief at work. There were no survivors. NOM NOM NOM
yay for third ward love :)
my grade on this world civ final is gonna suffer due to this playoff game
everytime i talk to my stepbrother we talk about california gajakdldlahys cant wait to move ot there
I somehow knew you'd RT that one.
I can answer questions, though I didn't participate this week.
Just submitted a huge RFP for an interesting project... Wish us luck.
Belated congrats. Maybe you know this: when was the last time all 3 promoted sides stayed in the EPL?
Just watched the titanic.. I totally cried like a baby, and Leonardo looked even more amazing in 3D!
so excited getting an iphone this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Ill do anything just to see her smile in person today
she always post that her followers only have to post once... If they post the same thing to many times she will block them
Anyone want to place any bets that B Childress gets fired if Vikes lose today?
why does this need to be on twitter. It's No ones business.
Oh, I shouldn't and I wouldn't. There is a 15 year old girl living inside of me.
thanks for such a great show last night! You guys are so nice, and sound even better in person! Can't wait for hello!
Q2) bad metaphor: learning, when it isn't.
We're working on something very special for our TikiDolls on twitter! Stay tuned, its going to be #justFAB!
what are you doing???
My cat is 18 today. He looks like Garfield.
I AM jealous. You know the dentist is my favorite.
The Dinner Special tonight is a BBQ'd Meatloaf Dinner; mashed potatoes and green beans, 10.00
saw a familiar face yesterday.....um big regret
Guess what today is... _ _ _ Tuesday. Who can guess it??
Oh yes ya boi got an A on my business final
Thank you for the RT!
"I fear political content on the web is more ratings driven than broadcast due to search optimization" David Chalian
I think I'm becoming a morning person.
thank you ma'am .
0 degrees! Bring on the snow!
thx 4 the encouraging tweet...tried to watch replay #BSC game last night and turned it off before half time
Looking outside my window...firetruck in front of San Diego city hall?
Shout out to all my new followers
don't act like you've never kissed a fish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
french kids eat anything? Since when? Just been discussing this with daughter living in France. Aussie kids do
The book that had the some of the most impact during my school years was The Chosen by Chaim Potok.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. M.Williamson Shine on - artists!
Filming of "The Wettest County" in GA #Wine country. Persimmon Creek Winery
Lucky you. I miss NYC, especially in springtime.
I'm need to get some allergy meds quickly. My eyes are starting to swell like a bad boxer.
: RT : Space gang! Space gang! Everythang!!!! RT if u dwn wit my SQUAD!!!
goodnight <3.. In my country it's already night :(
RT : I know you don't feel like it but get your workout in and you'll feel great when you're done.
Interestingly, I get asked a lot about children's programs a lot because I have the tendency to rate them a lot..
"We must ask whether we have been deceiving ourselves in our confession to God alone; whether we have not rather been confessing to...
I thought for sure there would still be an Orange Julius at Monroeville Mall.
Thank you so much ! I love how you always find time to give back to your fans. <3
im finna be dat rapper in them movies too
-_- I look like A freaking lobster. #DamnSun P.L.U.R.<3
in France ;) haha
I just cried.
prob knock it down for a while. Shorter credit history & new hard inquiry. Leave old card active, but never use.
Nugent: D.A.R.E., poontang and guns.
Yeah! I made it this round, too!
Logic is the anatomy of thought...John Locke
wow... thats crazy
hi michael. Do you think we could feature YOUR music on our website?
Google is going to share info abt a user across all of the Google products used - Gmail, Google search, YouTube, etc.
hi. you don't know me, but i thought i would let you know your name reminds me of a german restaurant i went to in co springs.
S/O to for not including me and whatta bitch
psst, i've got a secret! feel like letting me whisper in your ear? cum share all the dirty, nasty things that keep you up at night.
Happy mothers day to my granny Geneva Mitchell love you
really ... Do I have to pick just one? :)
he's a keeper
<3 <3 my homies, my family <3 <3 .....ONLY 198 MORE TWEETS TO GO! AAHHHH! 11 MORE DAYS! :D AND 3 MORE DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! :D :D
you are beautiful in everyway, and never even, think differently, okay love? <3
I jus want to walk up 2 any random guy & punch him in the face & then walk away!
where did ? Going? Friday ?
if the browns are practicing secretly. Idk what the rules are about that exactly, I know they did camp colt / cribbs.
“: happy birthday” thank you :)
I'm not attached to anyone so don't act like my nigga about anything I post on Fb/Twitter. I'm done playing lil kid games
well fix it!
What's ur name? Ya Marissa is one of my bffs : )
What a day of anger ...
Well, weelll, well...... here's incentive... 50% off 4 the REST OF THE NIGHT...GET HERE b4 They sell out WORD
Critical need to reform juvenile justice policy. Jeffrey Fagan: lengthened sentences for juvenile offenders do nothing to lower crime rates.
Hey Tony, thanks for the RT! :)
It can be argued that collection development will become more of a community process
my phone is so dead, if it comes out of the charger, it dies. ._.
morning writing is the only writing that gets where it's meant to go
Looking forward celebrating with tonight!
But man oh man. Let me tell you about the hot guys here... So nice.
#Huguely lawyer says he has proof Huguely and Yeardley Love were "cordial" in the hours before her death. Details
plz follow me back I am a huge fan!
Grammys messed up and ?uest made sure Don got mentioned.
“Your dresses should be tight enough to show you’re a woman and loose enough to show you’re a lady...”
Stupid decision, great result.
"Late" at night, or "late" as not on time?
congrats on the pub!
I'm way to psychoanalytical while watching this Rihanna performance on SNL.
Well kept secret? Cleveland literary audiences are some of the best I've ever read to. Alive, responsive.
we're all just talking lol
she told my mom you hit her!! ha
One more month till vacation
I hear you but I don't see how it takes away from the sport. Not one bit, 2 men going toe to toe voluntarily is fine with me.
Hey, ! I just bought your book! It can't get here fast enough.
6th GIG, COMPLETED BABY, TIME 4 A THICK-N- JUICY STEAK, AT TX RDHSE!!!!
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: A life without cause is a life without effect.
Down with Team Chingao? Ya you know me!
watch last nights episode of archer --- he went through something similar ha
Booked a webisode, Euston Prep and looking forward to shooting!
Go Lift!! Women simply don't have enough testosterone to bulk like the Hulk
Better Thai food in Roanoke than C-ville. Hmphh. Highly recommend Thai Continental on Market.
Guns N Roses playing live in Maryland.. How old are these guys... Time passes by quick!
Sometime I just get tired of all this
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
My pleasure Anna! You made some great points.--> Preparation + Opportunity = Success
RT : What's the name of the fetish where you listen to Mitt Romney talk and throw up?
mi know fi roll di weed know fi light di weed. it make mi eyes a bleed!!!!
Bucks show life with Miller at QB, yet OSU goes back to Bauserman... This is why Fickell is a one and done coach
Paul Pierce staying in the game after all of this... If he hadn't gone all Meryl Streep to being with, none of this would have happened
Yes I'm serious.
Challenger Attacks Houston Mayor
It should b a compliment if I ask a dude why be smells so good.
Welcome back fucktards from your spring break
"good friends: you can count them on one hand"
you're welcome on air anytime.
just gave my bunny some yumm yumms and watter
That's it for Mike Trujillo, and Bill Wilkinson comes on to get the final out of the fifth. Brewers now lead 5-4!
haha. I get it. Cause you woulda spent 'em on said dogs, right? Let's seriously get a hotdog together soon.
haha thanks I appreciate that. How's AZ treatin you these days
Become the change you want to see.
Hey, What's up Emilio We would like to speak to you and clear up the rumors about you "saying" U hope Snooki has an abortion
God First, Family, then Everything else
he dont kno who my father is..bt he kan b my daddy
RedirectMatch is your friend :) key thing is to get the org to agree and remember to sustain the old domain record and redirect.
attending classes should be optional when it is so cold and rainy outside. Esp 4 those who must walk to school.
Tomorrow night I'm playing at Lock House 6 in Industry PA. If you like looking at boats, join me for boat watching, music and some whiskey.
much love G when you comin back to ptown
please alert my closest of kin that my suicide barometer has piqued at red-orange.
whats next for me
I hope my mommy have a good mothers day.
Human activity, war esp, is a problem with combating malaria. Plus there are many kinds of Mosquitos.
Presenting a session on latest results from at #EVSCREV12 Don't miss it!
Great day! Decyfer down concert, and spent the day with they're guitarist! He taught me a song, and i bought their album! Pillar is the ...
r u a boy or girll if your a boy ill kiss u babe jk i dont know u ??!!:)
if you follow and retweek this i will buy you new single and get my friends to buy it :D<U+2665>
To Do List? Yeah, haven't done that. BUT I'm back on the horse w/ #TheMovieLovers blog. Cross your fingers, tweeps.
Good morning Twitter
tha speed bumps n Farmington Lake will damn near flatten ur tires ...goddamn!
My family is number one in my mind all the time - life comes with curve balls and twists and turns such, I never take those routes...
The choices we make in life is the road we pave for our future and walking the roads of life on our own heels is like shoes choices nchances
#TopOfTheMorning I'm Up and at it cus I'm all about #GoingInForMine #WorkHouseFlow so I'm forever gone be
If U R a commercial realtor or know of 1 in #RVA & cn help w/ warehouse space plz DM or contact us via www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Is everyone in #Indy on Bluff rd this morning?
Lol what i only say u a LOSER cause you aint fuckin wit a WINNER...
the media coverage is too much I don't care what plane it's on
if so.. Then why did u find the need to add YOUR personal opinion.? Shouldn't it be kept to yourself? Hm
I'm the World's greatest self-proclaimer. (Self-proclaimed)
Haha. Love it. Beer should never be absent from mugs.
Good morning everyone!! It's looking to be another gorgeous day in LA!!
Sevilla's is good..Where have you been?? Are you 21 yet
That moment when you open a new pack of gum.. and suddenly everybody in that class is your best friend.
#RIP Junior Seau Trojan for Life!
happy mothers day
Excited to introduce Steps 2 Success Philadelphia next week, an innovative and scalable approach to paying it forward in #Philly schools
lol i meant in the bathroom dawg. i miss u too <U+2764>
Tweet Me Maybe ? ILY <U+2661> U Are Everything To Me
I find it peculiar ,given the actions of State Ed. and our current NY government, that unions and parents continue to support Gov. Cuomo
hehe here is still friday! is saturday good??;)
good game tonite,loved ur hussle keep it up :-)
Thanks. What sort of stuff do you work on?
so glad i made it down for an cask.
Congratulatiions Karen on your well deserved award and thank you for all do for the WFF and all us!
Thanks for everything today. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> ! PS Lovely conservation didactics in Circus Bldg :D
“The expression a woman wears on her face is more important than the clothes she wears on her back.” ~ Dale Carnegie
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 68
#OnceUponATime followed me
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
always...They just create too much hype for standard revisions. It shouldn't be some big press event everytime for minor updates
Duncan: The digital divide is real. That is a real challenge. Under $10 a month for family broadband-more realistic
come back soon! For some pale edgyness!
that will be 1am haha Its worth staying up for.
Look at me now on 97.9 they barely play it anymore
This should really make Obama happy!! If only it would happen!!
And for those people who think the world is going to end, ITS NOT.They said that was because there us an Aztec calendar.And it ends in 2012.
Happy birthday to freshman forward Marcus Byrd.
Is there an age limit for bag-snatching? We were once robbed by an 11-year-old.
well I was wrong about Shane not being killed lol..:P~
omg seriously what's this from?
Of course, in France every vote counts directly towards electing the President. Same can't be said for Parliamentary elections
To what are you referring?
Sure let us know what you have in mind in the future.
at the #pantages theater last night was absolutely amazing! A magical
I ate pizza like 20 minutes ago & now I want nachos.
ugh I miss playing PACman :( #world2 I'm about to buy an xbox to play it I wish it was on playstation 3
Swerty k n
#InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I get butterflies.
Awee , get yo' dollas!<3 RT I'm not into the whole Drag Scene, but I can't wait to go and support perform.<:
Today after work, I'm finally going to buy the first pet of my adult life. A Betta Fish from I shall call him "Jerry Garfisha" :)
But I'm wondering will it ever go away?
May the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my mind be pleasing to my innermost Self. May they not betray me but ignite me.
well then come live wit me
read this about : "He did the raps for MC Skat Kat, known for the Grammy winning "Opposites Attract" w/ Paula Abdul." <--LMAO!
It's a list of people I think are going to be there - if that helps. A lot from the Netherlands again!
aw thanks so are you(:
yea I had one yesterday it was very uncomfortable then they press on my bladder I was glad when it was done!
just tried to use my iphone as a mouse. It didn't work.
Cool! What was the new exhibit?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
yes maybe stay there lol don't like it here
isn't that what twitter is for??
Good talk. Russ.
It's always funny to see kids getting yelled at or spanked in public now that I'm grown!
#Bucks Hammond says letting Bogut go was tough and hopes he's successful in future
RT : Sen Franken to Sen Paul: My office will print transcripts of all hearings w/ tchrs, principals, etc. we already had
Goodmorning, nd happy valentines day :D
I facebooked you my real number! I miss rockin with you guys! Come back to #Denver soon.
Last thing I'll say. (I know: 'shut up!') W/a good restaurant job I culd live in same town as my gf. Shout out NTT longdistnace relatinshps!
lol i think everyones girlfried is crazy at some point
Still no #Braun post on #ESPN lets go great sports leader!! If it was a Yankee they would be all over it.
One topping slice and a PBR only $5 from 11am-10pm TOMORROW ONLY!!! Za it up and watch sports... If yer into that...
I love my girlfriend(; I wish I was with her!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY!!!
hope u hav a great b day tomoro and hope tweets u :)
I'm humbled that you say that man
Con la forma la que sexy me baila y lo rico que tu labios me besan
Doing my graduation invites. :)
would love to chat - send me an email at ? Thx!
Tonight is the night everyone. Highland Park Country Club's open house 6-9 p.m. See you all there.
Like slobber boy Chris Matthews does?
obnoxious people <<<<
Thanks for the RT ! What kind of shoes you going to be sportin' this Spring season?
Today's coffee afternoon: spiced biscuits with a grape juice. They are very burnt, oh my god! Does anyone have a juice better?
I dont know why but Gloria from bbw remind me of lol
The Milwaukee Ballet presents their Spring Series this weekend at the Marcus Center Friday and Saturday at 7:30pm. Tickets are just $25!
Who is up and wants to chat?
My iPhone expects me to use the word nigh but not the word prompt. Interesting.
Vanessa thanks for the RTs.
I may be witnessing a breakup-in-progress on this train.
Thanks to my beautiful, savvy, goodhearted friends for making me laugh so much over margaritas yesterday! Life is good.
- Here's my shout out : Everyone should want a $1 drink & Win Hawks Box Seats. With you can!
Ahh sorry I missed your tweet! I try to "unplug" on the weekends! Hope you and had fun :)
YouTube and the web keep the dream alive you can do it :)
our awesome associate director of collections picks the books. ( selects which day a book is highlighted.)
My cuzzin keeps it real
Love watching cartoons.
:) Sounds awesome!
same here don't remember much. And what is up with twitter spam its like a whole new level owns
A little sunburnt. And a lot tired.
Today I woke up to go to class. This will never happen again.
thanks, will do.
My new tag line: "your facts remain woefully inadequate", then threaten to sue them. lol thanks Ronn for being you
What do we have to do to be included?
When A.I. got on the ground and kissed center court >>>>>
I'm just saddened, heard you all had fun with frisbee golf yesterday sad I missed that too
how's everything with cast a bigger net going?
I like me some penis. Haha im totally joking.
Wanna send me a wink? You know you do...
i found the notebook omg hey ryan
I keep my house at 70º yet I still find myself getting hot.
Are you saying carnival employees sometimes stray from the law? How dare you!
i'm pretty sure Is a guy..you said follow her
If you aren't a hater or an instigator then we can totally be great friends :P
love this Coca Cola advert :')
thanks boo. N we do need to go on our date
Fair point.
I could never stab someone.. I can barely get the straw in my juice boxes .
So, we ran into a few snags. We apologize for being absent. ;/
New research from UCLA shows meditation helps your brain process info more quickly.
Come to the open mic tonight at Meltdown Comics! Sign up 7:00, lottery 7:30, comedy 4eva!
haha i'm going to listen to that all off-season...next year we won't have to stress as much when the wolves make the playoffs
While you have your calendars handy, mark the last week of April 2013 for our next Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Thanks Omaha, haven't done that in a while! Kansas City, MO tonight w/, Cherokee Rock Rifle & Runaway Sons. 21+
Don't miss the ShamROCK in party tonight , 5:30-11p. It all leads up to the St. Pat's Parade tmrrw at 12p.
u been to 24 hour?
Great new jargon of the day - i actually like this one :) - "philanthrocrat".
Some think as long as they make a design it can be made by any printer listed in the phone book or on Google
Spoke with Tory Miller today, still in NYC after his Beard award Monday. Dinner's going to be 11 Madison Park, Craft or Takashi.
Double rats
#Educause10 adaptive teaching and learning model is fascinating
Corndogs all-around! RT The baby is here! I have a new nephew! Pics and details later.
- Yes, it's so gorgg & classic at the same time! #TrendsTues! xox
I think I could pull off Glen Quagmire...for a millisecond.
so crazy but I love you!!!
Now that Andy Rooney is gone the demographics for CBS must have improved. ;^)
Just turned on HBO to the salt n peppa part of Something Borrowed
Feeling like a teenager... Spent 2 hours on the phone last night & 2 more texting! My coworker played Cupid... He may have done really good!
At Memorial City Mall With Skylar and Chloe(:
Now following :) Need more followerz
I will report any recommendations. Nothing yet. Testing the power of Twitter.
S/o to the ethnic ppl behind me trying to realy sing this national anthem lol
I really need there to be more #Sherlock episodes.
Times running out get ya ticket today before you're sol
I feel ya.
TONIGHT! Pyro Productions: My Last Judgment, Ashes of Angels, The Seventh Cavalry & more!@ THE SPOT 9068 SOCORRO RD. 6:30, $6. SEE YOU THERE
Driving my kids to school in morning gives me flash backs of being a kid again like I'm going to school. It's weird.
Yyyyyyoooooowwwwww!!! I keep shocking myself at walmart
Had 80s flashback dream (didn't want it to end)! Had windows open overnight (IN MARCH!!). How bizarre is this weather? Another hot day ahead
How long before every car has Internet in the dash?
“Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning 'lousy hunter'” - Andy Rooney. I'll miss you.
That awkward moment when you're crossing the street and the people in their cars are just staring at you..
Gym time!
I love you, love you, love you, love you, love yoou, I love you *sings*
How did the bath and ride go?
thanks Andrew!
Haven't been on here in forever but I'm back and here to stay (:
oh wow there are way more then i ever thought
Beautiful show last night! Great crowd and crew so thank you to The Room! Now we over in Coldspring so check out our FB and come! #please?;)
Such a nice day!
My dad's getting paid today!
Yes I use the subway if I can walk the traffic gets too crazy for a taxi
Goal of the Day: Change adds up! Put your spare change in a jar each day. When it's full...to the bank! An easy way to save a few dollars.
When it<U+FFFD>s cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth. The opposite happens when it<U+FFFD>s warm.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
: Your cryin on my sleeve what does it really mean It doesn't really matter to me
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents, despite every effort to teach them good manners
i dont have too tell u anything your nobody too us now goodbye
Does romance actually exist like it does in the movies?
thamx for the follow
And you!
gym time
hahaha so was a LOT of other people..
i would if i could, anythings better than cincinnati haha
Yes sir, C Everything Officer of , expert marketplace w/ a frontend combo quora + linkedin
Im just an average girl living out a dream!
When she signs #FiftyShades on Mon at BN Carle Place on Long Island, E.L. James will also sign collectible cards for NOOK versions.
U.S. photographers: tax filing deadline is 3 weeks from today (April 17). Time to get cranking unless you've already filed as a corp, etc.
he wants you lauren.
Spring break!
I don’t hate you, I’m just disappointed you turned into everything you said you’d never be.
On another note: Urgh, I hate "fix it up." Why not just "fix it"?
i Freaking Love My New Backgroubd Tho I Could Look At It All Day *_*
Let's pretend you weight 180 pounds and you also walk or run at 5 miles-per-hour for 2
Excited for 's visit to our offices this afternoon. They're issuing a new ed of "Lonesome" a silent by our fmr prez Paul Fejos!
I'm down
already following (:
leaving work at work.
I love that you are taking in Omaha the way you are. I hope you've enjoyed your stay so far!
Oh hell the liars have pissed Again! They really don't want a piece of !
No. of US children that experience severe hunger increased 253% in the last 3 yrs. Who's talking about it?
I'm writing my first screenplay now and finally understand why the director gets all the glory. S/he really gives it life
two more days then it's on can't wait CWO
Emma says she will watch March madness with me!!
Happy 21st bday !!!! Time for 1800 blueberry tequila shots!
The good thing about having my hair up is it always looks like I have sex hair so you can't tell if I really do ;)
we can talk about it in person.But like u said if its gone just be me and you.Don't put it ALL over twitter Its starts more
Haha. Thanks smart ass. :P
Correct. We'll get there - working out details of allowing for better ordering/filtering of lists in the future.
I miss
my number one fan after all these years. She would if I'd let her.
Awww really I can't wait... you still at Clark?
I love u Bella u are awesome
bring back Tosh.O.. To make my tuesday nights a little better !
Take 6 shots nightly for a week. Sickness be gone!
Feeling very healthy I think I should eat in and out burger! Lol
I should hope not! RT : So are we just all going to give Bryce Harper a pass on that hair?
damn near got sick while working on the paper i turned in on saturday. i'm honestly trippin over nothing! i need orange juice :(
Not sure how I feel about Timelines for Pages, what do you guys think?
me rob and Anthony got stopped by the cops on the 4wheelers and got tickets /:
...which means that, actually, he's already on his way "out" again...yeah? Haha
Thinking the craftroom move from up to downstairs might take about 40manhrs #wheredidallthiscomefrom?
your deal as in what do you do in life :P
My destiny is mine not anyone else's, so no one can affect it unless i let them
good!...now get to sleep!
:) Keep being awesome!! Check out our new single Your Fool on our myspace www.myspace.com/hopeshighrock
Oh brother. Give me a fucking break….
My day started off good so far :-)
Steelers are on the 'Stairway to "Seven"!'
Can real politicians give speeches like Leslie Knope's?
Suckin on ma titties like you wanted me callin me all the time
who needs America's Biggest Loser when we have one as President
Are you #HappyAsFuck?
Lean Cuisine has a new lime of vegetarian entrees that actually have gardein and fake meat in them, super cool!
It would be so nice if I could stop working and have some fun.
The Ataris have 2 holes in tour & need shows: Milwaukee July 8 & Evansville/Terre Haute, IN July 10. PROMOTERS email:
The Lizzie McGuire movie! :)) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
lol there are.
I love you but i can't sleep cuuz my phone keep buzzing from your tweets !!! Lol please just go to bed already Dx haha <U+2764>
Having kids has made me better at living my life present in each moment. Not dwelling on the past or projecting into the future
@ The Coffee Cave. Eating some good Shrimp Corn Chowder
Short Bus Shawty
Hi Ellina! Why don't you give our call center a call and we'll set you up with a CAF Leasing agent! :) 1.888.346.3377
why did they let the white guy shoot? Open or not, give it to the guy on your team that is ice
: re "Ethical subjectivity seems common sense true": Haidt's Righteous Mind describes much evidence on this
and I can say you helped out big time!
#pottermore WHY WON'T YOU JUST LOAD THE FUCKING PAIGE!!!! STOP REFRESHING!!! #annoyedasfuck!!!
“: We get it in at Le Fleur” drunk ass tim
ha! nice. who'd a thunk.
First, clarify your higher purpose, and all else shall be revealed.
why yes, yes he is. <U+E409>
Wish the All Star voting started a little later so would be starting instead of that punk d.wade...
My new wallpaper is a picture of and Couldn't get any more perfect.
Lil Wayne's rock solid case for being pro-life: "BUT if you abort your baby, you could be denying the world a future beautician!"
2300 likes! you are all such awesome and supportive friends of mine. I hope to see a lot of you next week at Phoenix Comicon
#stuffsixteenyearoldssay RT : It's days like these where I could really use an ice-cold Zima.
Sorry- don't think we do!
We've got hail... Does that mean we get a snow day tomorrow?!
Even though I'm still trying to finish two other books, I couldn't resist picking up DEATH COMES TO PEMBERLEY by P. D. James.
Is This Loaf That I'm Feeling
I LIKE HOW IT SOUNDS WHEN I READ IT IN MY HEAD.
Why is it SO much harder to motivate myself to workout than the actual workout?!?!
How do you know how deep to go before it's real?
Man the middle of the night drives are beautiful in Montana.
sweet dreams to you to. Talk to you in the morning
I need to start eating real food.. Not dorm food
Thank you Gr8 presentation on landing the work of your dreams
Just recorded the 4th song to SR's up and coming CD 2010AD
Nope it must've been an imposter! Funny you asked though, I'm actually working on acoustic versions of my songs!
Order your tix to "Wade in the Water" this Friday at by tomorrow at 12pm and you could win a $50 gift certificate to Lloyds!
what did u get?
huh. ?? You make no sense! You ass hole! Haha(:
I really hope realizes how important and Noah Puckerman are to SO MANY fans.
Just watched measurement of fat content in milk. Did you know? The max fat content in cow's milk in this area is 3-3.5%.
So far so good, just been busy playing out! :o) I'll be performing this Fri in Buckhead if you can make it. or Sat May 26
That's fun! Unless you have carpeted floor and step on said Cheerios (that is marginally less fun).
Must have been the beef-a-rino
Amazing stream. Thank you!
without us you're just a pay check... Wait....
MYHOUSE Fridays GRAND OPENING this Friday 6/4. Get on the VIP LIST and check it out!!
So they found the man who killed Jennifer Hudsons family
appreciate the love, always show love to my fans
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
Jack Gantos presenting author of the year @ #ccbas go Jeff Kinney
Just said goodbye to some of my employees. I'll miss em.
im taking that champ boys
same here! though i think it's consistently going to look like this for the rest of the year.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you realize you cant sleep BC youre laying in the most awkward/uncomfy position so that your dog IS comfy...
Aw, shucks! Xoxo
indeed. It was a rather disturbing realization for me.
You know you've always got my <U+2665>! Really great track!!
Tonight we're going hardhard harrrr-ad just like the world is ours...we r who we are lol
This day needs to end faster..
Just got done watching everything must go on netflix pretty awsome movie.
The West End location will be opening at 9a (3.27). However, there will be limited Kidzone staff/classes. Thank you for your understanding.
You are both awesome. Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow by this time, I'll be landing in GB seeing my dad, mom, sisters and bro...maybe double bubble at The Bar! WOO HOOO!!
Fantastic meeting today with . He's on the path of greatness.
Working on the issue now. Will let you know what happened.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???4
We're going to shoot the Pilot!
Hey guys, go follow and get them to 1k followers! And follow while you're at it :)
11:11 Make A Wish I hope you come true<3
Will I ever get to ride #windseeker ??? It's never open
Went to buy my Mastodon tix for April 13th. Was issued tickets to The Cranberries on accident. There's a joke in there somewhere...
Bout to relax In my Cool House for a min Lol
Who did your Wendy cover?
#trayvonmartin .... so sad.... thoughts go out to his family
You're the man. Awesome. Great play. Enjoy the evening. Cheers.
easiest money in sports right now is betting on the over for a pens/flyers game
you don't have more than half of all programs losing money every year.
oh my god! Thank you so much! We would definitely be friends!
hilarity! Your girl is so cool and hilarious. Hope the world is treating you like the gem you are. :)
Can't imagine why, but for some reason I am in a very good mood this morning.
Thats what we need Im on here daily trying to promote lol :( It sucks trying to sell 80 tickets lol
Pooping in a rich person's house. Priceless.
Hey yall! GUESS WHAT?
Too much drama and not enough zombie attacks. The Walking Dead issues :/
Get your HEAT on!
Secretly bummed that I didn't win a Yahoo skateboard. I am sure those ladies aren't gonna ride them.
Hey everyone be sure to follow our personal twitters Patrick needs one!
Sorry I'm late, but thanks for the RT. Portillo's was delicious as always!
yep im the one and only! #youalreadyknowdoe :)
Our Baby & Me Yoga Series w/Heather & Susanna starts this Saturday at Dupont - 11:00-12:15pm. Babies 2 weeks to 6/7 months
Nothing like a king size doobie
Does anyone out there have a good understanding of Zipf's Law and would be willing to explain it to me?
Doing a bike census at Falls and Maryland Ave til 6pm
One of my favorite moments in Stevaughn's project--the drumroll.
Ew Buzz please refrain from licking your weiner while your sitting on my lap. Go lick Reno now.
“: Learned a valuable lesson last night” Don't put Twinkies on your pizza
Gratitude to my newewst followers :)
Does anybody know how #googledrive works when you have more than one account? Do you just relabel the desktop icons?
It is. They have basketball out back & jello shots, and the afore-mentioned urine smell. Will let you know next time I go!
you inspire the techie in me, thanks
yeah or allergies... But the money could pay for allergy treatment!
i knew that rain would fuck up my hustle
Your Johnson City, TN store rocks! The sales staff helped me out big time last night with a phone order. Many thanks to them!!!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk I'm not racist
It's so awesome reading all the #311cruise tweets and pictures. Wish I was there!
MONTHLY AUDUBON BIRD WATCHING WALK IN THE PARK Sat, March 31st, 8-9:30am All ages! Free! Meet at the fountain in NW corner of Patterson Park
Gator Goal by Brittany Dashiell ends the drought seven minutes into the second period. UF leads OSU 3-1
Trying again to get on Dog the Bounty Hunter show with my tweets. See how it goes. :)
How was your sunny sunday? I have tomorrow off..bike ride on bainbridge after breakfast, call in GAY and join us!
Mornin tweeps its day here in #Colorado #Purps~N~Gold so put ur gear on an scream fuck the
I have no idea what you are talking about. :)
that awkward moment when keeps tweeting #snl and I didnt know what it ment....
honors 3 former Board Chairs: Dr. Phyllis Martin, Yvonne Perkins and Doris Parker for their contributions to council.
that's good. What you doing today?
Still eating slowly falling in <3 with this place, old ppl and all!
Cant wait till this week is over
nope lol id damn near even cut it down to 4 Id fuck a girl whos fucked 6 guys but I wouldn't even consider takin her serious.
I <3 Beer Week is starting soon. Free to enter and prizes to the top beer lovers.
Id rock the casbah, if I knew what the fuck a casbah was
I'm in econ class and we are watching and the outlawing of masturbation the #spermhitler comment had me in tears!
What Evernote feature do you & your students find to be most beneficial? Audio recording? Enjoyed your blog post!
Racing on the highway is always fun
nah, not this time. Weather was kind of bad. Next time, though.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment. ~ Lao Tzu #Word rt
HIV rate in black women (Johns Hopkins) equal to some countries in Africa. Where? Baltimore. Five times the national average. Safe sex (rt).
RT : Need dinner plans tonight? Make your reservations with !
Note to self: never have twins
is tonight's Harris Teeter with wine bar grand opening party free? Where do we get invites?
is it done!? :D
Facebook pays $1B for Instagram. Value based entirely on what cash Zuckerberg had in his car's cupholder at the time.
Thanks for RT, Valmont. Hope all's well. My musician friend Lauren is coming to CT in June. Will be giving her your contact info.
MT Couldn't agree more: Every time someone says that my essays are too long, it makes me want to make them 10,000 times longer.
Super tired and I'm catching a very minor cold! Guess I'll sleep all day today! Ijs <U+E40C><U+E40E>
WWJD? He would take care of the elderly, children, the poor & middle class. He would advocate equality & LOVE for ALL including LGBTs
"Why not?" "Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my own life."
What if gas was sold by the cup? A $4.64 gallon would be 29 cents a cup.
Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC: There's NOTHING Romney won't do for $$. IOW, no ethics, no scruples. Indeed.
need some vitamin c <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A>
Will introduce myself. The pleasure will be mine! Loved your reading
yeah sunlight makes the color fade. also temp. changes make the paint shrink/expand so try to avoid that as much as possible
he thinks i should stop reading and start giving him a snack.
Need to marry a woman whom you would choose his friends, if it were a guy.
don't cry
girlfriend says to boyfriend my boobs are small i need a boobjob boyfriend says my hands are small i need a handjob
hi, I wish I had freedom
yes, you should...i though it was awesome!
The eastern Wisconsin city that takes credit for creating the hamburger is holding its annual celebration of the sandwich this weekend.
LOL, I Wanna Know How Old #Oomf Are ...
About to go do this ride along
What the heck? I did not know had children!
haha yes one of 2 things happened my gps was incorrect or the other which i prefer is im now the Flash and can rum at light speed
New Business Launch tomorrow! Classes Tuesday! Watch for updates Wednesday. Add It Up Bookkeeping, QBGal.com
same sh*t, different toilet
Yup. Right there with ya... MT I know I'm a wimp, ready to go to bed at 9:30 on a SXSW night.
Wouldn't have missed that doll's party for nothing!
I missed you too! I know right. I SO GLAD TO! I was like I wonder if this is the Elizabeth I know lol!
Don't think so. But I wish they did.
David Freese is the man! Go Cards!
it's okay doll :)x
come pick me up girla cause my mom wont drive me
The only was the TacoBell analogy works is if a students tuition is set for their whole degree when they enroll.
We are almost thru 2012.....the end is near
you bet we will if we get a break between classes! Otherwise, we hope our parents will!
Wit muh gurl just watched som weird azz movie. Now watching lion king
another SPECTACULAR time with the TAZJ CLUB!! :)) :D we had SUCH FUN and the best time waving and dancing for people along the highway!! :))
“: You are a woman with a man inside watching a woman. You are your own voyeur.” Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride > True of?
dude. ours is better. just you wait.
I was! finishing my paper then hopefully back to bed if storms don't interfere. So tired!
We love you too.
W00t! just surprised me w/ Twilight Zone Live tix at the ACT Theater! I just happened to be watching it on tv when she did. :)
I like it. Although, you should warn people that the rocketloader feature breaks Disqus comments on WordPress in some cases.
Watching the Yankees-Phillies game on Baseball season is finally here
Yes Sir, hope West Bengal will turn around soon
I have a copy of your historical thinking poster, love it! Thanks!
always not-so-secretly wished 's last name was Axelrod
well old friend (chronology speaking) ..good..=) thanks for asking..=)
Looking forward to seeing you in 2012! Happy New Year!
It's rehearsal time at #24HOP!
u sexC though....
when does your vacation start?
Missing you grandma so much tonight!
If you were still playing, what song would you have played when you came up to bat?
Good New Testament translation is The Interlinear Greek-English New Testament, by George R. Berry, published by Zondervan (G.R., Michigan).
Holy cow! We have 1,200 followers! Thanks, everyone!!
About to go to lunch at with , , and Too bad Grizzly can't come.
Crazy drunk dream. Blackout, lost wallet, missing phone and car M.I.A. All the usual suspects.
numbers dont lie #1 the number that matters #suckit I would prolly eat the puke if it was pastrami on rye, not ur stupid eggs
someone seems to be 'ing some fairly hate-filled spam. very annoying.
I would think mine should be... but I should prolly double check those specs :/
The "Throttle 'Em Threes" are in full effect here. This makes me want a drink. Or a cupcake. Or a lobotomy.
thank you so much for helping me! you're so sweet! thank you =))
God's not sorry... http:/www.thejesuschick.com
Whoops! Itchy trigger finger!
You can tweet at celebrities, and ask questions - sometimes they answer. It happens. Ask Mark Ruffalo for advice
My buddy just went HAMburger real quick
. did our fantasy league give you credit for Drew Brees tackle?
haha(: i met like 5 times! And they were all crazy moments! And im such a loser for forgettin' to tell him to follow me-_-
So while some are heading back to college or high school I get to be lazy till march for my semester
A Billion Hits - Lyric Music Video - Austin & Ally - Disney Channel Official
Gotta love it when your car overheats on the way to a days consulting work and leaves you stranded in the middle of nowhere.....
Okay #WGCI getting it in!!! Wow! Great way to start night
Crocodile Cafe Collection, Feb 27 '03: Black Vinyl All-Stars classic rocking Pink Floyd & other keyboard reliant hits:. Visit us and listen!
I think I may film some sweet moves for you while I am out there ;) btw ... you boys on the Wrigley Bar Crawl tomorrow?
lol the whole jerry thing on the BBC interview. the WHOLE thing was great. but that was shocking, lol ;)
My earlier tweet was in response to my brother's tweet. I am not crazily making random remarks aboout cat food!
Cause after all, you can't get everything you want now, but all I would need is one thing to keep me moving on!
follow back:)
Valentine's Day should be filled with love for your pets, but NEVER share your chocolate. Don't let your #pets be accidentally poisoned! xox
We love that posts about their members who get amazing dance jobs...we should all brag about our students/members successes more often!
Diet Yoo-Hoo. For the health conscious Yoo-Hoo drinker. Alright I'll try one.
But can HE see Russia from his house? RT This guy and I are about to have an in depth conversation about foreign politics.
Sweet last name!
hahha probably a good idea(:
the Thunder NEED Harden. Westbrook ain't creating shit for nobody.
Big hello back at you Shawn! Good here. Starting baseball practices and racing kicks off soon too. Spring here. And you?
Thanks man. I couldn't have done it without you
loving austin.
Was Kate worried something might fall out?
People who don't match
Such a thing did not exist then. And I always had other means of employment.
I am shocked, shocked, shocked that the prosecution didn't get any of the lead convictions.
Ikr ima have to comeback down there and keep up the work in ball
“: traffic collision with possible injuries, fuller and hollywood blvd” agh! I live right there!
CHOKED IT! Tiger would have made it.
Fuck everyone feelings ( No Sympathy ] .
No doubt #mysmps will continue to improve, but for a brand new platform I am impressed. Agreed, improved directory is a must.
RT : RIP Dick Clark. Pyramid was my sh*t back in the day
Your cookies are amazing. I want more.
Kudos Brent Phillips of Knoxville! Last night, he won the new iPad during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Tune in 2night at 7 & 7:30 4 Yr Chance!
It's borderline unhealthy how much of a high I get from buying great clothes on sale.
Update's will be posted here.... official twitter of RareRO!
Ben we can play whenever you want
At the sleepover, each one had a sucker hidden under their pillow. I almost felt bad taking those away.
I have to sell a business ad! Ugh
is at woot!
NS: At Digital Hollywood Fall? If so, ck out Fanscape Pres, Terry Dry's session - Track I: AdvUp-21, APPs-11: Non-Traditional Advertising
A new week to apply biz spirit
nope ... Sum thing you cant still verify of you stating your roster sir .. So we even ...See after my lakers get that ring.
lol idk!!! u tell me. a different color every other nail?
you gotta come out to one of the sparring sessions events.. u in ny right??
yo today i officially signed with the army for the next 8 years.
Thanks 4 all the #FFs today!!
so I think you need to visit the dc office and also cook for me
Obama is slimier than Clinton? Yeah, that's pretty weird.
Channing Tatum <3 RT : That One Actor You Will Forever &amp; Always Be In Love With . &gt;
hm i look like a druggie??? thanks mom
I'd totally make that my ringtone. And maybe even watch a recent version of the movie. Last one I saw had Michael Keaton.
at the galaxy hut. yo.
Eating french toast with my co worker..talking politics....no gossip shit.
I ordered mine yesterday! :) LOVE YOU! Happy Easter! <3
Has Literally Been Moving ALL DAY!!!
long live
This Fri, 5/7, Save The Library Demo @ Hollywood & Highland, 5:30-7:30p! Join us, bring signs, maybe Spider-Man will help us #savelapl?
iv missed you!<3 :)
Nothing ever happens like I want it to..
ok. then what happens if Player B thinks Player A said 'I call' and flips up his hand before Player A has acted.
Anyone been to a tattoo party??
Always a good reminder from you :) xx
ah yes, eutopia, the perf place for me to be my exotic/erotic dancer
And I'll be your cry shoulder.
I'm looking at your caramel cake with cream cheese frosting. It looks delicious! Did you ever figure out a less crumbly middle?
What You Really Need to Know about Moles and Melanoma (A Johns Hopkins Press Health Book)
do u think that ur beauty and smart cuz most girls i know aren't that smart
follow me back maybe ??
I'm not sure if I am feeling tonight's #Glee just yet… :/
yea it's the only time I could study for it haha. Good luck to you too. When are you going home?
RT : A1: I think corps and agencies look for candidates who have agency internship experience
Applied to Mid-America Sound!
Among the artifacts in the case are the only known enlisted man's jacket from Shiloh & a ramrod used to mark a grave after the battle.
Hey im not ugly i like Twitter just like u & i know my wife & kids r important. Just having fun on Twitter like u
Furman Football Recognized for SoCon's Highest Academic Progress Rate. Furman's Rate of 977 is 43 Points Higher than SoCon Average...Yeah!
I haven't had enough stupid on the internet the last two days, so I'd like a large double-double, please.
LOVE the book & talking w/everyone on #educoach but it's the Top Chef finale!!!! I'll return next week for Ch. 4. :-)
Enjoying lunch outside this gorgeous sunny day. Hanging at White Eagle patio. Why is out of doors making me itchy last few days? Scratching!
how about them !!!!!!!! this is what happens when people put a nail in our coffin
you are awesome...
“ I'm a b*tch? You're a bitch. Your mom's a b*tch for having a b*tch, your dad's a b*tch for f**king a b*tch. Now who's the b*tch, b*tch?”
TY. May I ask who is ur favorite?
my auto thing does that Megan, sorry. Following again! Big hugs.
#nowwarming #blackraspberryvanilla Oh my goodness...this is probably my new favorite.
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: now hearing about crowdsourcing stories---fish id, Lady Gaga meat dress, etc.
wish we could be there!!!
#wcmf11 waiting for Mandy Jenkins, the social news editor for the HuffPo
Good times! RT : I'm SO nostalgic watching this game. We had so many good times on the road to the ship back<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
How do I get as skinny and rich as Emily? Someone please tell me.
Busy weekend on the Pedal Mill! Party starts at 8pm tonight! Woot!
I just learned the hard way why planking is dangerous... but fun and memorable!
Holidays.... oh how I miss my family. Love you !! Hug my family for me!
thanks! sent him an email.
And you thought the Cubs-Sox was stale.
Congratulations to Otis Armstrong of Farragut HS (IL) on making College Football Hall of Fame
hate it when people say thank u more than once for the same thing
Doing what Cuban families do best...cooking a pig. Family reunion at the Ponton residence today.
there were some today but none Sunday that we know of. Good options walk ferry street or try
Night out with > car ride with button and shmink...but not by much ;-)
Lack of snow actually a holiday gift for some metro communities, short on snow removal cash.
hell yeah! We think alike, more the reason to love you! <U+2764> hahaha
Articles of impeachment have begun circulating, but the media is blacking out all coverage.
“: Eli Manning's #SuperBowl Performance Raises Public Opinion Of Him From "He Sucks" To "He Usually Sucks"” Go team!
Finally finished with grading. This anthropologist has returned to her natural habitat--the vineyard.
I could kick your ass, i could jack your jaw, put you flat in the dirt boy, yeah i'd have a ball
are you using rvm? makes multiple versions of ruby really easy.
Absolutely. What we see is students working together in chosen environments. A pretty nifty benefit of cloud.
will let listeners of the #BFT radio play a 5-handed game of Black Jack for $1,000 a hand. Benefits Cool!
If you let me, here's what I'll do. I'll take care of you. <3
Its always a joy to watch Trey take his shirt off his performance was awesome and chris breezy always puts on a show
Interlink 1.0.3 for CommitCRM is complete and we looking for a couple of clients that would like to test it before general release...
Inspired to be at the Grammy's next year
One of my favorite things about wacky weather is the Al Gore jokes.
Power outage in my dorm the night before three major
Thanks to everyone for making me feel important! is my 200th follower.
:( RT : rip mike star - alice in chains....
Thank you! RT : congrats David!!!!!
Up at 244am to take wife to the transit stop for airport shuttle. She's off to #Spokane today.
Why isn't it summer yet ?
you are so welcome!! Represent us well!
or throwing a hot dog down a hallway.
Me too!
hes not ugly just saying!!!!
Note to self: don't ask about his father. Wow...just wow. Maybe you'll cover that in your book?
Wow seeing all of these loser guys makes me miss you.
FWD: : #MM think it's so awesome how u share #music! thx!
Great day of basketball. Kansas-UNC, Maryland over Notre Dame to go to Women's Final 4, now Heat and Thunder.
For a second I thought you meant they got deported.
New Video's " C Ya Work " & " Work Dat Pole " Coming Soon Directed By
Wall's good and will be great but I can't see him passing CP3 or Deron, his jumpshot is beyond bad for a guard
nonprofit researchers and communicators - how are you measuring readership for your reports, white papers, case studies etc? please share!
uptown girls is on..best movie eva
PR in my 100 (:
Annie from the original F13, but other than that I can't think of any as likable.
He's about the right size for Bill Shatner, too, although he looks a bit younger :}
it is! Did you book it ok?
Lesson 1: Don't send kids up lifts to battle 40 mph winds.
watching Schindler's list seriously can put someone in a depressed mood.
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
Hey guys....guess whos bitchass showed up.
"It's like you're on a glitter cloud.........a gloud..." -- in such a happy place after that class :)
yes, those yell hounds have no respect for speed limits RT : Police with speed cameras on Herne Hill this evening. AT LAST
Guys... You're giving Caylin a headache
Good at the office while my coworkers and are out enjoying the game.
Hey !! Will you be in the Bahamas???
wishing you luck!
once u go forward u cant go bac
Good morning tweethearts
Yay for the hook up at Starbucks
a pudding store? Wow. I want to own one of those. All the pudding I want.
Perkins is always trying to fight someone. I think its because deep down he knows he is a true bum.
I can't wait!! I don't have patience!!
I've got a backlog of three Hart of Dixie episodes to catch up on. No spoilers!
havent thought about that before! i'd like to see it in action. theres definitely fallbacks for that (max-width for img under canvas)
One of the hardest working artists I know is glad it payed off, have fun
At TGIF Bout To Meet Up With The Crew
is cooking dinner with a little help from Kings of Leon.
Hell no bitch dont tell me to shut up!
I'm thinking it's a steak and potatoes kind of night :)
Aubrey O'Day fired from The Celebrity Apprentice for being inexperienced? At least she's experienced in getting the pink slip...
I just followed you because we had similar interests.
1st soccer game since like October tomorrow...should be interesting
Breaking Bad - Third Season
My problems is my problems......so just let me deal with it
RT : If you're not working on trying to be mine, then you shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my spare time.
My account was hacked...apologies if you received a spam message. Hopefully have fixed
Google: We’re fine with keeping you waiting for slow Android updates
finally back in Pittsburgh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Related, I made enchiladas, and they were delicious.
Kemba Walker is going to rock the house tonight!!!! GO UCONN!!!
#tavissmiley & these hating mofos on the round table of "This Week" are some straight haters.
Casting Crowns kinda day
awww! Your so sweet! I love your personality!
Thanks for the RT! How do you feel about FB acquiring Instagram?
: The Browns already did that.
PLEASE TWEET ME! You guys inspire me. I really want to be a singer/songwriter when I grow up... Or now.
It would have to be a band I photographed. Maybe someday.
: “The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.” Emile Zola"
We are now moving to questions from the audience.
no problem
We will be having another giveaway during this year's Comic Con for a stay in 2013..stay tuned for details!
Create a "show box" with handy items like a stapler, tape, scissors, pens, paper, extension cords, and extra light bulbs. An emergency kit!
if only you were funny
just look at me. look at me! i am so in love and such a fool. i cannot help it tho, when i am with you.
Maybe Prezi works for Muse awards ; ). Cool!
You have been warned!
Rihanna Sends Adele a Racy Birthday Cake Shaped Like a Woman's Breasts
I can't believe that Cam Newton didn't get drafted number 1 this year.
We've been visited by our friends at A twice this week (battery issues). Money well spent!
Happy birthdayy!! and =]
Could you tell me when the WKU spring game is this year? I may swing by to check it out
RT : I did! Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
I got some, you want me bring it?
From the NRF " The average person will spend $66 on Halloween this year – similar to 2008 – and total holiday spending will reach nearly $6…
Yes, shhhhh. Stop using big words that Jamie doesn't understand. Like "credit" and "full."
Enormities of crime and anomalies of law
will never notice me but I send him my Love (: <3
#StupidStereotypes All marijuana smokers are lazy and stupid. If you believe that, you were already lazy and stupid before you smoked weed.
To be honest I don't care who wins ABDC, all the crews are amazing. They're so creative and amazing dancers.
. there are still spots left on Mon. at and Tues. at for the next season of ! Sign up!
I haven't been on here in a cool while!
Once dat snake poke his head up u gotta cut da grass... Next time he might take a bite out yo ass!!
Leave us a facebook comment or tweet us if you are using your Jacket Backers discount to save cash or
mr. ed i was your first fan in california i'm sure of it...now would you like to tell me when you will visit me ?
If you kee getting DMs from me saying something about a pic or blog its spam!! SORRY. If you do get more DMs from me tweet me plz!!!
Hey there - thanks for the follow!
Yep, yep
haha that's always good thing! no I know where my blonde moments come from..
yeah buddy. Let's do it! :D
you only live once
C'monnn payday
California Living! all about the 3 W's
R/T this if you know that I am the Founder/CEO of Entertainment! R/T if you didn't know it :)
will be taking paying passengers to Mach 3.5 #howcoolisthat?!
NEVER SAY NEVER AND YOUR DREAMS WILL COME TRUE IM NOT SAYING NEVER AND IM DREAMING SO U'LL
My son is a redneck. Right before he does anything crazy he says " hey, watch this". I see a roof and a hospital visit in his future.
We're excited for ’s segment tomorrow morning on ! Tune in early to learn about their popular #sushi making classes!
writing a paper on organic Fiji honey exported to Europe to be in used in cosmetic companys' products.
Everyone on Twitter should follow His new novel, The World Without You, sounds divine.
sounds like he could use one to keep in the data center. It's cold down there.
Yo momma! Oh, wait.
I just cracked my screen...<U+E058>
Helping out with a little food photography
greatest tweet ever!!!
Like I said...proud mom ;)
Bored but awake wats up bitches hum
yes i am currently watching it
bored! Can someone give me a Woof?
is the airline providing any kind of creature comforts for you, or is that just silly for me to ask?
I can't believe there both growing up so fast! That's so crazy lol!I hope u have a fun day w her Khloe:)
The tribe has officially reached 5000. You all mean the world to us!!:)
Hey Joey. Saw Jennifer during the game. Wish I would have made the trip. Go Cats!
If you cheat on a good girl/guy you actually cheated yourself.. You messed my boi up
at least it isnt kindergarten
“: I'm having withdrawal symptoms from being away from you for so long” I know! Tomorrow finally <3 :-*
Looking Foward to it RT In France also, but the plane is expensive ! We have to save little before lol
what you got?
hey everyone,sorry i havent been on. unpacking n shit! well im all settled in now ;)
Hey, Can you get me Tickets to the moon?
ah good luck!! ill be cheering you on all the way from Kansas City!! lol Woo Woo go madison!
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?'
Back from the best happy hour in Seattle
:O if it is cancelled, then my summer will be lame as always!! :(
And Honduras takes the lead again! 2-1 vs El Salvador here at
But you didn't have to cut me off-make out like it never happened-and we were nothing-but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough
RNC Chair Reince Priebus: WI can choose to go in the wrong direction with Tom Barrett or the right direction with Scott Walker.
#MiLB: Rehabbing #RedSox pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka is tenatively scheduled to make a start for the #PawSox on Monday night at McCoy Stadium.
In a quick PR move: Univ. of #Miami to rename football stadium "Sun Pro-Life Stadium."
hoping i can join as a professional helping to organize charity events!
Great country music
Outside just verbally commanded my attention. What does it want?
Black women don't know what they want
What's up Karen! Its been years.
RT.if you had only one thing to eat what would it be ?
*buying stuff at the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these?" :) … Me: "NO, I'm stealing them, I just wanted to show you first"
Hard Rock New Orleans Monthly Guitar Contest Prelims 8-27-2011. $3000 cash prizes www.AxeOffUSA.com
Get your Waylon tonight for free!
I'd walk through fire for you walk through barbwire for you I'd walk for miles it's true just to be with youu " Band Perry
welcome back! If you find some downtime and looking for a new jam. Check out our demo "Carnival" on facebook!
Another book finished! CHU JU'S HOUSE is a good book and a great #readathon pick.
Carrie Underwood and Julianne Hough on #DWTS tonight?! It's dream! Well and mine too
Tattoos in the right places >
The Ref just had a sweet spin move to make that call
OMG, it's prom night. YES!!
Crashing into the car in front of you as you window shop the Car lots
Your friends at www.earth-saver.com wish you a great eco-friendly week!
We did not see it. What is unrealistic about it?
I hate hair rollers.
Jazz Tuesdays at Stober's
awsome!!! Have fun.
i will try to LOL
They also have Fresca. It's a game-changer RT : COOKIES! This changes everything RT Delta has cookies
: I'm staying at a friend's house but am allergic to her cats and can't breathe
This o-line is horrendous
this guyright here -----------> is my best friend and i dont regret meeting him :) Ily chewie like my big brother i;)
I may be from Louisville, but my heart belongs to the #Hoyas now! Final: GU 71, Cards 68. Stunning upset!
Chad, have I offended you? If so, I apologize. You have never answered one of my tweets. I have been tweeting you for 3 years.
So...the next question: where might I get a set?
When is your last day of school?(:
Bought four bottles of co-op hot sauce over lunch. That's a totally normal thing to do.
Its Still Ugly Outside..
#SDSummit 'we are living in a fine print economy' and we likely don't know
Went to Hollywood already & saw stars on sidewalk. A group hostel would be about $25. Greyhound is $2 & transit in LA is $10.
MORNING TO ALL MY SEXY FOLLOWERS!
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 13
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-69
Take me with you sometime??(:
You're welcome. It's a pleasure. I'm always excited to meet and connect with talent. :)
Monkey's been snapped with & from #supernatural. I write. The Monkey parties. Huh.
can't believe there is only one more week to Christmas! wait . . . what? . . . tomorrow? . . . tomorrow!? . . . you MUST be kidding!?!
& Liz Trotta at it again. Ignorance with a shock jock mentality. If only they could get hannity's fat ass to find that video tape
Approximately 98% of legal actions settle before trial. We can help you resolve your legal issues without costly court intervention.
Ketchup wins!!!!!!! And it's not that Steelers ketchup Heinz!
So you love being in a sewer? Interesting....
are you back at school?
Thanks for a great breakfast this morning with Jeff Light... gained valuable insight on 's recent changes!
Hi Amy. We're a social network startup in Austin. Building a fun site safe for kids and families. Let's chat during SXSW?
Mitt doesn't have to"go after" J Wright. But repudiate ads? Guess attack ads are only 2 be used on fellow GOPers": McCain Cunningham
I want to have a serious conversation with Luly.
Have you tried the popcorn at Clary's in Madison?
History 2.0 - thought-provoking presentation at
Gets to start running soon! Excited, yet nervous...
why haven't you two gotten married already
That should be something geeky historians say when something good happens. Free coffee n the lounge? Thank your awesome sources!
Life is but who you are.
a sandwich based on the film Barbed Wire! great idea
Santorum ranted in Oct. that birth control isn't good. Lead to ? In debate about if legalized bc is a states right & he said yes.
Then maybe you should!!! We miss you!RT I have absolutely loved being in Italy but I am SO ready to go home now...
Appreciates the updated Sherlock Holmes. Maybe they'll update their racial politics sometime.
Curbside car repair done, back to the future.
Newt is getting killed.
How's the trip back guys? We're rolling through Durham right now. /te
YAY Boom Thursday?!? ...
here's the thing: does it matter? the situation needed to be raised in the us conciousness...does it matter how he did it?
According to the feedbacks I get during and after prom I has best prom dress #sweet hehe ;)
Fitting. Next time you might consider a cafe on something like Flowery Ave. or Hugs Blvd.
Washington and jefferson meet
my new favorite charter school name has to be the "Phantom Knight School of Opportunity" in West De Pere
We could big time movie critics!
#theitcrowd #covertaffairs been catching up on it crowd episodes and covert affairs.
have you been to a store at 12 Rue Lancry selling vintage YSL, used Casadei etc called "Thanx God I'm a VIP"?
enjoy life one moment at a time
drink a cup of water...
": It's going to sound like Santa Claus is on the ice when the flyers head to the locker room at the intermission in Philly."
I see the #slut is still sitting in the front row at #brewer games.
2.5 hours and counting till game time!!! If you're not at the Merrell Center in #katy, you don't like Houston HS basketball!
Yeah, couldn't resist talking about your maps when discussing cool humanities projects using Ruby in some way!
Are you the guy from the NIck&Artie show? MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
This weather is something else.. Gotta love Wisconsin, always keeping us on our toes!!
Our Volunteer Potluck Dinner was a huge success!! Thank you to all who attended, and our celebrities, Josef Cannon and Karen Hoyos!
Yay! application sent in! I'm a bit slow on the writing part but alls-well now. cc
“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.” ~ Pablo Neruda
All I heard from GA was "blah, blah, blah". Why until 10th? Why not immediately? I don't understand the UN sometimes...or at all :/
The wordbreak analysis in my code agrees with me: Your second hashtag reads badly.
I'm still smiling! I think I'm his only fan.
Go like our boys in sheperds of god!
I want dinner for 2 this week for Restaurant Week
Chris Paul can land on me anytime.
Im still up thuggin still sippn an bout to fire up anutha one.. Ima sleep good af
call me from someone else's phone! I have to tell you something!
This would make an awesome logo! Except the colors would make it impossible to print on most things.
in honor of our #21 ranking in douchiest Chicago bars we are throwing a party $21 well, Dom drafts & bottles & our beloved tots 8-11 tonight
Tune into Top Chef at 9pm to see and show top chef and the world how to throw down.
Who would Colts like to draft with 2nd round draft pick? If he's still on board at #34, TE Coby Fleener. He was Luck's fav target @ Stanfrd.
check you DM ASAP!
Continue to reach for the stars
Glad I caught the last 3 minutes of that game.
Gym time with pool views. I love this place - be proud haha
Student: What religion are you? Why? You don't speak in religious terms. No I speak the language of science! (It's a science class.)
it is kinda sad watching espn promos for monday night ftball trying to hype up the chargers v jaguars game
Two for two on proposals at #NCSS12 I look forward to seeing you all there. Have a great weekend!
if u don't want 2 suck
we can just set the stage and then wait around for the play to sorta start itself.
Wanna share it at fEASTival 2012?? :)
4 last year's words belong 2 last year's language & nxt year's words await another voice. & 2 make an end is 2 make a beginning. T.S. Elliot
She saw the Chuck e cheese sign...damnit
Fire #Corso! He drops "F-bomb" on national TV?! Completely unacceptable. needs to hold itself to the "high" standards they demand.
I don't know what this means, but I'm going to watch and I'm excited about it!
That feeling when you scrape your nail on something. BOAAAAK.
she's only a Stablemans' daughter but all the
I just went to Taco Time because of you... You sparked a craving.
Seeing my brothers including & at #MingleMondays which is the place to be
RT Have confidence, not ego. Search for love, not lust. Be stylish, not slutty.
I hate to do this twitterverse but (spoiler) Betty Draper got fat. REALLY fat. Not in the groovy fat cat way. Like stuffed crust pizza big.
I wish i had a nooka watch for every day of the week, i get compliments on my two watches all the time!
Order by 12pm TODAY for FREE delivery tomorrow, and by 12pm TOMORROW for free delivery on Wednesday! Ask us about flavors!!
": The 54th #GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min! West Coast, beware of spoilers!" You guys should go live in LA!
Maybe I wasn't paying total attention.. but I didn't quite figure out #TheRiver. lol Going thru #WalkingDead withdrawals, though.
The only reason I knew who Lily Halpern was us because she was in Peyton Sanders video. Lily & Harry- NO
<U+FFFD> You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. <U+FFFD> Wayne W. Dyer
lets make plans now! In case you haven’t heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin.
have you seen PRIMER?
Zayn: Girlby? Harry: That's a name? Gibby: Yeah, it's a really popular name here in America. You wouldn't know that. RT if you remember! ;p
My Mova is the baddest Chic I know!
"All teh metadatas" talk - rdf triples - subject predicate object.
I will drop you an email. Should be fun since you are pushing the youngins and I'm pushing the oldins :).
Just got home... had an amazing day :D
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
I honestly don't believe he cheated--honestly believe Herpes Meds triggered + test
Where do you rank Rakim?
Congratulations to Neil Diamond! He got married yesterday. I hope times never seemed so good!
Tonight Area 31 has two screens, music by me...best bar bites, and 5 dollar lebron jameson shots...16th floor people come on up!
Did you see Wil Wheaton's writeup of that?
love you Bingy!!
so I don't take you to school?:0
This is not going to end well.
New Funny Movie Coming This week.. The Trailer for the New Never Before seen Footage of Michael Myers
You're meeting Dr. Fauci! How much nicer you want?
you actin street fam you told a nigga you had whatever on my head you was thinking bout RITE here I em nigga
Oh my gosh siri is so funny! Me: Take a shower. Siri: and what would I do with that? Me: stick it up your ass. Siri: dude!. Lol
Very true -- which is why the MVP vote is so subjective, worthless and not worth using to debate all-time greatness.
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Zayn walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
the event is PM but its not a certain thing since I don't know whats going with my family that day. So just RSVP just in case
Rage on, my friend. It's hard, I know. But as long as Nezumi is feeling good, you guys deserve the extra time together.
"Either you like #bacon or you're wrong." -
Healthy body = healthy spirit
Thanks for including me in your MediaTalk wiht Meaux!
I wanna call you mine, wanna hold your hand forever, and never let you forget it. Yeah, i wanna make you feel wanted<3
did u get my txt
#ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks because we just missed seeing having her Starbucks.
Welcome to the back 9 @ Augusta...
there is no way I would feel comfortable oweing somebody $.. I would make it my priority to pay back Asap
5 hours until #foofighters. Who else is going?
Great work, Keegan!
How'd you find me?
Last summer it was "Oh My" -Roscoe Dash ft Fab. I wonder what the banger this year will be...
SEE????! WT...?! #DUMBDUMMY LOL..ima start seeing how much I can get away with bc I SWEAR these nigg do the MOST!!
ChargED iPod! mwahahah
good to kno
Some people need filters on every picture...
Isn't there some kind of armrest etiquette on planes? The little brunette in 14B would like one, thanks
Awkward chestache-as-a-bra joke quota completed by a customer. Thank you ma'am!
lol *whoops* did I just blow my thug life cover?
You guys are looking alot stronger than last yr, because of all of the injuries are not there.... Too many weapons!!
It is in your sock drawer, under the erotic graphic novels. I will remind you.
LET'S GO HEAT
was just there Monday!!! Good times!
"We now return you to the medicine cabinet... ..." Oh how I loathe cold and flu season.
A full-time teen programming job became available!
Thanks to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday. Love all of you guys xoxo
I have over 800 followers & 200 friends on FB - cant see your posts/tweets - text your customers instead. text me for info: 916-420-6020
Finally 18! Getting my tattoo later today n gambling wif my jd!!:)
Boys Fighting For The Ball! Funny moment caught
GH full of sundresses, shorts, and sunglasses this afternoon! Love. This. Weather.
"and it was al yellow.." ; Story of my life today
Can we make out yet?
Obstructionists, domestic terrorists, and hobbits...all of them! ;)
You can only put your faith in God....
Ugh, I couldn't even drum up fake optimism that Hosmer could come through there. I don't have a word for what watching him makes me feel.
Rainshadow built custom poultry processing plant that allows small producers to sell retail, but only w/in OR.
”Workin all winter shining all summer I aint no beginner”
is the worst..
Ok then tell to stop
=) God morning! Are you gonna be a trendsetter or a trend follower?
new iPad looks pretty cool. curious to see the new garage band version...
lol nothing yet!
wow Naja you're so theme-y! Next you'll be rocking out to Friday by Rebecca Black ;)
About to Dj at Priceton Elem.. Leg Go
that's awesome! No intl. travel at this time, but check our website for updates :)
Amused at the battle for Ratio mayor.
I wanna talk to my Jamaican L.D.L hmph! But he's at work...need to hear him speak his Patois in my ear lol....
I guess me and Lizzy fell off
Sat next to the devil on the bus and saw cyclops jogging. It's just another Monday morning
Let's go #Dynamo !!!
Thanks again and
Perfect! Let me know what day! :)
Saturday's severe #stlwx KO'd the AOA's phone server. Pls consider email/social media to contact either office.
BILDERBERG ATTENDEE LIST: (The day Obama went missing while media locked in Jet thinking theyre going to meet him).
Thanks for the feedback. Appreciate it!
#Health #Tip: Feeling run down? You may be anemic. Have your iron levels checked and eat plenty of pumpkin seeds, spinach and beans....
Handball, swimming, running, jumping, basketball, and boxing were as much a part of me as breathing. Gene Tunney
Cheer blogs >
Whatever. I heard that guy say his fond playing memories are from Golden State and he considers himself a Warrior.
Americas got talent :)
"Because even broken wings can fly away"
Go to bed.
Playing with Windows Live Spaces. Reading www.manager-tools.com
Dam now that i think about the kicks>bulls
good lord, that is some heavy lifting!
You point is well taken, but "30 cents per year" seems wrong. Times 300 mill people = $100 million per year -- far too low.
How has Wrestlemania Weekend been treating you Percy ???
m beets!
G'morning tweeps! I'll be bombing around ATX today with new Twitter, Rapture, and Adios Mofo shirts. Gimme a shout and I'll swing on by! :-)
We are working hard on making auto delivery easier. We'd love to get more feedback from you. Please contact us at...
you don't know how long i have waited for this confirmation.
I don't remember following Denver fans during the regular season…. hm
I will have 2 look
This crowd boos at everyone.
My cat has this interesting habit of waking me up about 10 minutes before my alarm, then stealing my pillow when I move.
Being transformed into a fairy :-)
pizza and chips lol <U+2665>
it was such a pleasure to have meet you in person and to know we all have a purpose to fulfill in life! Thank you! Take care!
Thank you! More great things to come!
Cant wait till florida !(: #6days. Leaving ALL the drama in tennessee !
RT : “It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.” - Napoleon Hill
m&m commercial by far the best one xD
I can't wait to become a cook at work
You're beautiful.
i am<3
Serving up some more chilli dogs at our open house today...if you have to work you may as well make it a party!!!
Singing "I beat the pizza up" loudly in the gym apparently still garners as much attention as the regular lyrics.
I can see it in your eyes you're angry , regret ain't got shyt on what you feeling now.
Memphis and LA are 2 teams where you often hide your eyes when the PG gives up the ball.
“: Happy birthday and God Bless u Man of God!!! God bless u Sir!!”... Thank you, Bro. I am blessed. God Bless you!
If Youu gonna come , Comee Correct
Always Great 2 see u!!! Your new project is Gi-normous but X-citing! Loved post Women in Green
Calvin Johnson wins madden cover!!!
Okay. Zach Porter and I are PERF. Can we just be together already?
You are too sweet! Do you have a logo I can use when listing you as a sponsor?
I think either team could definitely pull off the upset. I don't think either will though
omg that song was amazing. And I loved the music video he made
Ill take that lol
asks interesting question abt as a female nonprofit exec. Appreciate discussion of gender at
2 fights in a day not too shaby(:
I can't deal with this anymore.
3bottles in the bathroom at work. Overnight shift must have been interesting.
no problem... How are you?
I can understand leaving a poor tip or no tip at all if the service was poor but don't degrade someone who has a lousy job
Damn right. Thanks!
When a guy loves a girl he should treat her as a treasure not a target.
when you messaged me on facebook...thinking I was chloe...saying that I was a cutie....your watching a couple movie...
Need paint for your holiday project give us a call!!!!! (404) 997-8011
y so seerius?
Y r guys complicated and guys don't pick fights wit ur gf
Throw your cups in the air! We so fly. #middlefinger up to the sky!
“: In Fairbanks, Alaska it is illegal for elk to have sex on the streets.” I would like to see an elk get arrested. Spring break??
I'm all jealous of all these people tweeting about their relationships. -.-
down 4 it . Got ideas goin on in my head like a miami rave party
But marketing & advertising or business management or accounting I can go either way
Up to $19.7k from a $5k starting stack... Let's go...
There must be at 350 styles of pan-handling. I'm going to write a book.
I hope I pass both of my finals today
Absolutely! How are you feeling this week?
Once we muster courage to do that thing we feared we wonder why we ever feared at all. Jim Woods
I'll admit I didn't like Jordan in the beginning but now I freaking love her!
#writers #bloggers protect your content: Google allowing authorship html tags
There a still a few spaces for food vendors or growers at the East Side Green Market for this coming season - get in touch!
i could buy sushi with those 4 bucks
your welcome(:
Good morning #Lakeview! Stop in for a fried egg BLT or a Scrambled Egg Sandwich to start your morning right!
"I'm bout to ghost ride yo ass."
Stralman is an idiot. What is he doing, Staal has the angle.
I kind of wish I had a man who can cook me breakfast in the morning or have dinner ready for me when I get home....
You see, my intentions with you are clear
Is the canceling of Indonesia, the BTW Ball's "biggest tour date", going to affect overall gross a lot? I hope it doesn't.
J Roberts asks whether any part of your case is about racial profiling? US says it is not.
rt RAWPortland: HAPPY MONDAY #PDX ! what creative things are you doing to kickstart your week?
I have almost 500 000 suscribers on youtube ! THANK YOU! New video coming soon
Never been to #dishonmarket but their tweets make me want to eat there.
how's life?
Have been hacked again. Pls bear with me if you get some spam. Thanks.
Awesome! #FreeFuel5000 RT : my 8 year old daughter put them on all her school folders.
you too!
Malcolm X~ You cant separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
I am getting in shape
for sure deserves a day in Wisconsin, but you cannot say that Favre doesnt because of his last 5 or so years.
You gotta love it! Thanks for the response
My guy's an electrician. He tells me a typical lunch time topics are: women/wives, booze & drugs and bitchin' about their work :)
“: thank u Hopefully one day we can do some work together” we would love too! Let's link
That FML moment when you hop into your bed, get under the covers, then realize you forgot to turn of the light.
He lost me to some NON-FACTORS....
RT : - Don't forget the Deans - Myers & Landsman
hacked out a quick iOS proof of concept in couple o hours, 4am now, found memory leak (in asihttprequest), or maybe me not thinking straight
can't wait!
boyz 2 men just touches the soul. voices of angels AND friends with
#Watching Chris Rock: Never Scared on HBO. The stripper skit had me laughing so hard my stomach hurts.
RT killin them at right now!!!
must have been boring as hell in carpenter lol.
she's crying her heart to me, how can you let this be, i just need time to see.where i wanna be, where i wanna be-donell jones
Really respect Mark Hominick going at it 200% tonight. And here's GSP, bitching about his eye.
he's.. Unnaturally strong ._.
im sorry, i get so excited cause i love mascara so muu-u-u-u-uchhh.
Ighttt. Its a plan. I'll text you tomorrow. & we'll figure it out! (:
well to be clear I didn't put him up there!
If only we could combine The Oscars with the Puppy Bowl...
Don't know that I ever responded to this...so sorry! Definitely looking forward to checking out on my break this pm.
Feels weird being at the batting cages
I'm sending in requests(: #YEE <U+2764>
Everyone has at least One friend on Facebook that will do anything in a photo just to get heaps of likes.
Hahaha.. well, if nothing else, that will end up on SportsCenter.
Oops. Feel asleap in History....0.o
Here's to the kids that loose their keys for a week for 'driving recklessly'.....IN THE FREAKING DRIVEWAY.
www.msnbc" unfreakinbelievable. its not because she is a democrat and i am not. it is because she was given a responsibility and she is
thanks jeremy
$AAPL will fall through $600 today
It is witha heart a gratitude that I salute all those men and women you have served and are serving the United States of America. I'd also l
Bye bye, Baltimore...
Just had dinner seared scallops and shrimp over penne
I'm afraid ur taking the 'togo' part of ur Twitter name a bit 2 srsly ": Starting to drink health wheatgrass juice...”
RT This If Yuh Like This Song " Give Me Everything Tonight"
I'm on a boat!
never give up hope!
what are those
And then "Can You Feel the Love" starts playing in IHOP...
Stupid long day today, but I made it! Now to get ready for this Hawks game performance tomorrow...
lol i feel u I seen a girl with some uggs a pink shirt and with a jacket on o she was
Yeah. Work sucks.
Hindu Hammer...Man..what a name...
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Yo, why does anyone care if Sarah Phillips is making money off Condescending Wonka?
not this. Let's just agree to disagree on this.
i feel ya bro
Should have saw this coming
LOL! RT : Yes officer, I did hit a pedestrian, but instead of dwelling on that why not focus on how many I've missed?
Pheeeewww six classes down today and I enjoyed every single minute! Teaching just one tomorrow, 7pm at Sweat Hot Yoga! See ya there!
"Shooting what?" you may ask. Shooting our web series "Cell"
The greatest trait of nobility is generosity, for generosity is the best way to keep your influence for good.
O whats goin on at school ?
One who walks in another's tracks leaves no footprints meaning they didn't make they own way
Im dressing up tomorerow (:
TY! Your guidance, as always, is most appreciated!! NH is wonderful. Reading,Crafting & cooking w/Jeremy is so much fun!
“: Again I say: Believe the best about people. Pray for their short comings. You are not the standard. We all need grace.”//Amen!!!
So bummed that judo is canceled again!
--AWESOME ... Thanks!
let's say what Gaga has done or for that matter Madonna. If we want to go back even further, to the hair bands of the 80's.
Poodie's Hilltop in Spicewood, TX this Friday @ 9:30! Then Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Sat @ 9pm & Threadgill's in Austin on Sun @ 8pm!
Conference title: Ephemerality, Mutability, & Marginality: Print Alteration and Literary Culture
Nothing to comment about my work..... Typical nobody.
I look back at my tweet... it didn't make sense at all! I meant to say because designed it, lol. :)
Hard to believe Colorado weather sometimes. Dumped in snow today, 50 degrees on Thursday!
Ah, wrong tag (silly pluralization) owners & Cat Daddy are on at 7pm tonight!
are you talking abut my feet bitches !?
Omg! The guy I love asked me out today!!! <3
Super sleepy! jus gonna knock out. night!
Can't wait! RT : Big shindig for Colts fans at Lucas Oil Stadium on the Friday night of the draft, April 27.. Save the date!!!!!
you wanna ruin my happiness, well ya know what ya cant so FUCK YOUU!(:
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Before you’re about to give someone another chance, remember what you’re getting yourself into again.
100 page paper dew next week?
So bored. texts would be nice.
thanks for promoting it for me :) feel free to give me feedback when you get the first issue!
#np Chris brown - take you down
I will let you know when I have viewed the flick. :-)
i can't wait to see all the prom pics!! ^_^
how did women make it visible in 1920s etc ? they were mobilized v. organized people IMHO :-)
thank u for the support... whats up Turkey!!!
“: I know why the caged bird sings. Suck on that liberal arts degree not-havers.”
Is #ShahsOfSunset really going to be a thing? Being insulting unintentionally is funny. Being an outright asshole is not.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Be On Top Today
stop puttn horse hair on top of dem project NAPS!!!lol
Obama attack on Supreme Court is an attack on the rule of law.
omg you HAVE to report about it! CONGRATS!
Really miss u today jeff
These are facts. I will not shy away from that.
"not twix, twigs" -- my away message if aim was still a thing
Chilly start to the morning! Not too cold to build #retaining #walls and #seat walls out in Carmel, though!
Getting a website done is as fast, easy & affordable as EVER! Tweet or email us to get the site you've been wishing for...
The Comcast saga has finally ended. Let's home it's at least another year and a half before I have to do that again.
Thanks to a snowstorm and a DOT that likes to wank it instead of fix shit, my streets are littered with potholes. Can someone help?
would love to see woods get a shot
I SO WISH I WAS THERE!
ight bet bro come thru lets get it
You mad?
no, cause I don't hate you. <3
I'm in your forums MF'er. I just left 5 free-codes for my Writing Software in the "Any Writers out there?" thread. Go try!
Husband heard him speak just about a year ago at an academic space conference(!!!).He told them he was retiring from film & tv.
5 days till #SOMEDAY I Guarantee yu that its going to smell #EPIC (; <3 2
You obviously don't want to talk to me, so I'll shorten this conversation and just stop replying.
I'm the mayor of the library, how dorky is that
Fine, fine :P
After mounting a big comeback, the Steelers loose in the first play of OT.
Awww, thanks! It was fun hanging out & talking with Antero & friends.
can't wait! hope you have a wonderful time
where do you find the prompt for the blog assignment? :)
what kind of phone do u have?
"Get up, get out, get away from these liars 'Cause they don't get your soul or your fire"
RT : If you're in Australia & need help re domestic violence, call Lifeline Australia's 24-hour helpline at 1800200526
Snow Waffles are a rare Northwestern treat. Don’t miss this opportunity.
Need something to do on a Friday night? Come to the Clerk's office and vote early! We're open until 7PM. Don't need a reason but bring ID
haha u were late over here.
We have totally transformed the word "NIGGER" to "NIGGA"....you NEVER heard no one say the ER..wether they tlk proper or not...
something short - what about like #PMAPropTup or #TUpPPMA ?
13 missed calls and 42 unread text messages. This is what happens when I forget to turn my phone volume back on after something.
You're truly the best Dept. of Transportation among all the districts under the exclusive control of Congress.
Testing my Tweetbar installation, cursing firefox 3b5.
#Makesmelaugh when I look in the mirror. Lol!
sweet!! What high school you go to?
Also, how conception of identity has changed since the 80s (and how it changed in the 80s from the 70s).
(cont.) Okay, maybe not duh, but cartographers/geographers have been harping on this for years.
cant wait to get a job hopefully at finish line
The sciences have bitter roots but sweet fruits.
We're at #RealDevLearn too. But I forgot what number our booth is.
Might make it a movie night since bad weather is expected to hit later on.
Hate being sick :(
RT : I will defend the cultural importance, relevance, and awesomeness of disco forever.
I hope today is a good Monday, I'm really not asking for much. Simply mediocre would make this Monday good.
My eyes want to close but my body is on the run <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
I'll have a beer for you. We'll be the ones in Angels gear behind the Pads dugout heckling Padres fans lol. Jk
ditto that, great to meet you guys, keep on keeping on
any idea when you are coming back to FL? Hope that you have a Great weekend!
People who steal other people stuff is a true bitch. Hate to say that word but .... its the truth!
That was a Teddy tribute?
BJ for Kennedy is about right. I'd still try to improve my pitching via waiver wire though instead of giving up hitting.
RT : and Dr. Morrison wins NV Taxpayers Assoc's Good Government Award. Congrats!
oh. Haha. I had no idea. Thank you so much. :) You guys are awesome. Much love.
Take time to re-group. You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
FCC proposals to reform media ownership overlook small markets most in need of efficiencies possible by TV-TV or newspaper station combos.
Tonight's results just another indication that whatever #RonPaul is its not a republican. Probably can't count on another Guam either.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Can I spend day with you? Your my hero! :)
lets talk !
though secretly I wish it was He-Man & Masters of the Universe
i have no effin idea lol
AS A TRUE LOS ANGELES NATIVE, I CAN HONESTLY SAY ITS SO PRETTY OUT TODAY,IT MAKES ME PROUD TO BE FROM SUCH A COOL CITY. WESTSIDE
Fair enough.
and i have two tomorrow... den off to NYC we go!!
Thankful for the night we had last night , God touched the lives of young people, healed bodies and had a salvation!
I'm thinking that will be a big fat no... Even though it's the announcement I'm really hoping for too...
I was talking yesterday about possibly keeping bourbon in my desk drawer for afternoons like that...sure would change the day :)
great news for event JUNE 15, is about new 508 Draft Spec, along with new 255 info. More details in a week.
Head Hurts. I feel like fainting,dizzy,LightHeaded. Oh Jeez>.< Not Going to end Up Good.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
what happened?
lol im so bad if ita goin to be longer than 10 min I start to get anxious & ready to goo lol
Included with the "Rise From Zion" pre sales are a free download of the title track and a free t-shirt, for only $10!!!!
only in a life or death situation.
scoring seats late to the Pros vs. Dominican game.
Loved your Direct Message, #Education truly is tied to #happiness. Our Social Media team would like to speak with your bloggers!
Hmm, looks like I need 2 Blue Snowball mics, but now I need to find a nice external recorder for when we do interviews.
i love learning new music, now if I could just learn new recipes i'd be all set!
I found three same-sex couples (all female) living near each other in the same ED here in CA, all using "Partner" terminology too!
yeahh me and madison just got into it
As much as I don't care, what is the point of putting the Beez in the Trap video on tv when Nicki can't even say Trap....? makes no sense
omg! I almost killed myself doing 8 pages in 7 days.
S/O to my new followers!
iight bro imma hit u up later im bout to grab somethin 2 eat
no, but the shivering is evident in the handwriting :-). so great to see you this week.
#WhoInspiresYou when you work out?
Watch OR150 on "Good Day Oregon" tomorrow at 6am. We'll be hanging out with
He didn't attack a fan, but more brutal. Can US Gov legally tell him to change his name back or at least to not be World Peace?
7:15 and this dude's already drunk and dancin' with himself in front of the jukebox. I heart this place.
considering applying for a position at the Detroit office of Digitas... It's not Chicago, but at least it is with Digitas.
should really start revising:\
Yes, I just heard "The Most Improved Award" goes to Gwyneth.
if you are reading this tweet "I love Oreos" lol... I'm weird.
More than 90% of companies say that customer experience is a top priority for them. Insights from the Conference
jus askin mama...plus i kno we in different time zones too, im from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. you?
yes. But they won't need to
I'm telling my bestfriend everything on my mind .
nice to meet you Mark! I'm a Chicago girl so I love my Chicago teams. :)
Don't throw me under the bus cuz' I will back it up and hit you with it
Hey Warriors, Hope your having a good day, and have a better and safe weekend!!!
Yes! Mini vaca in NC with snow!! #sweet!
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup go out with another girl right away
Had the pleasure of meeting Google's Vinton Cerf this week. Resisted the urge to ask him for $20. #HeInventedTheInternetAndHasMore$ThanYou
I'm having a boy :)
Like meek say thank god for lettin me ball on des niggas manec
also my papa!
We just had a few of your #coworking diplomats swing by! We're always excited for folks to use their coworking visas!
The ringing in my ears shows my age, but the smile on my face shows my spirit. Wilco was perfect tonight.
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE LADIES THAT CAME TO MY SINGLES PART! & DJ ART " THANKS FOR PLAYING MY SONG!!!!! HOPE ALL HAD FUN!!
I miss more kid that made my day see you soon bro love u kid
missed it, I'm at camp......no service. Saw what happened tho.
First episode this year Matt Weiner doesn't have a writer's credit?
After 2 years they have 8k subscribers to their bi-monthly podcast, journal is 1.2k
you really going to bed? nite is just beginning in nyc !
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
Tonight will be a good night!.... Just 5 more hours of work.....
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
i'm eating sour jelly beans...:D
Come hear my perspectives on open source library automation at 1:30 E203 International Ballroom West
Thanks for all the suggestions. I like all kinds of music, keep them coming.
on to drink number sixty
it was somewhere in Plainfield off 267. Don't remember the name, but it was yummeh. Ha.
Going thru #SDCC withdrawals? Plenty of #CANYONROAD interviews on YouTube to remind you of the good times
u wish u went to sped school. "oh mckenzie why are you 10 minutes lat?" "oh i forgot to take my meds" "oh ok sit down:)"
#BeatTheStreak SMH Jeter did me in back to zero!!
S/O to new follower
Thayer Evans is bashing Calipari again. #BBN should let him have it!
We're strangely amused and curious as to why we just NOW saw jeggings in the wild here.
if I can find it yes
I just dont have tv jacks in our bedrooms.. Old school. Haha
I swear this is the last time I'm going to wal mart they have absolutely NOTHING! I need! -____-
Count me in! RT <Have a gr8 week. May every day be Mother's Day for you all!
Just got a free couch for the studio! No pee stains so it's a win in my book.
Maybe that's why you can't sleep RT In bed, #Gemini toss and turn because they cant quiet their mind.
the kid got good music and this is one of the best things hm has done
Good morning and happy Friday!
Girls softball game. Pink hats, argyle and leopard stripe sox, high fashion, cheerleaders, singing in the dugout...and incredible playing!
Good morning
“: If you are involved, I'm sure it's going to be an awesome event!!” => Thx Hometown.
don't fall for words,fall for actions
From a comment thread: "Internet and phone-free mornings are the future of scholarship."
I wish Reyes was playing will buddy anytime you need to chat you can call me I'm going on Sunday to you should try to go
i agree there is a such thing as TMI some people tweets just make say wow lol
your tweets are cracking us up. KSL cares, you know.
I am having an awesome day today, thanks.
Also, since it's baseball season and I'm once again trying to appreciate baseball, get ready for confused tweets. #GoRedsIGuess?
Rascal Funzone :) can't wait it should be fun day/night
I really just talked to him yesterday.
i can't afford it... but i'm going to go anyway. :)
Yes of course
please do I'm gettinga couch this weekend!
I'm FREAKING OUT because likes MY lyrics!!
#FF - Social Media & Blog genius & super coolio person from down under -->
My bestie is @ my house we bout to go to our friends birthday party at hotel
Quality trumps gimmicks every time.
Come on bulls hold on!
Clippers making an absolutely amazing comeback. 26-1 run. These are not your father's Clippers. Watch out for LA! They have the lead!
Our vote is for reading on the porch! It is a beautiful day!
#faggotstatus on the rise wee woo wee woo wee woo
that we are His people, by reaching out to our fellow man, in love, caring, compassion, and mercy....telling the world that there is HOPE!
We'll be performing at Sweet Auburn Fest saturday 5/12 on the Dobbs Stage <3
Still no luck ... My only hope is life will balance out.
Yeah and all of the crayons and markers would be gray... And I don't think I would be a vegetable in the song... Lol!!
Author sighting: just spotted Meg Cabot in NYC looking glam in a leopard print coat!
Got to step away from development... Brain freeze! Going to shoot some sticks to chill out
Call the billing number or is there another number that will get the process started?
Shower was nice :)
They sent an announcement via press release. We all get it. It's called quoting. All media will do it.
Excellent starting place. If you want to host an aspiring Wikipedian let me know.We'll learn together. :)
we need a better network
do you do weddings? I don't have one coming up or anything, I just like saying that I know someone who does weddings is all.
“: RT : Annoying persistence is what helped us become great #MashCon” I'm calling u 1000 times on Tuesday!
You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.....
I wish I can stay in bed forever
hey Lucky...
thank you for the RT UNYEIP!
Don't know what I'd do without you
RT : RT : You might be a liberal if putting underwear on a combatants' head is considered torture, but abortion is ok.
That woman looked like she was made of Mahogany!
Listening to Sal Khan at #elcea, 5 minutes in and already totally engaged. (checkout his TED video and you'll see why)
it's finals week (-_-,)
thanks! I took a rather circuitous route with a technical degree in the middle. Feels good to finish though :)
Okay so I really want the shower curtains with the periodic table on them. Is this what the consumerism of Christmas does to me?
hey i jus posted my kidnapper on here do me a favor? pass it along please so more people are aware.
be careful what you wish for
Where's the <3?
Katz: predicting outcomes - how does the human reasoner do this? Thought process against aggregated data...
I fix 1 issue and another comes up. Files back, apps opening but about 1/3 of them disappeared...not sure which ones though
Listening to Licensed to Ill right now.
Hate when the chick think im looking at her and put on the cocky face lol
Makin Moves
Thanks for the RT! :)
hard to say what helps "better" fusion, but I worry about lung capacity.
Over my dead body.
This could get old fast.
same here , you've got greatness written all over, not by what you say, but by what I see you do! We dev's got your back!
MISS MANHATTAN BEACH baby!! ;) Miss California Nov 22-24! Sponsor me and put an ad in the 10,000 programs being made!
Ghost stories by the fire.
then before a party you're ready to go, condom in hand and bam. one lonely hair the size of ya dick.
Meeting tonight with my brothers for Missional community.
Two glasses of wine and then switch to beer never fear
I had a migraine and went home in 3rd hr:/
You're not afraid to try again, you're just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason.
Seriously, everyone in the Twin Cities should go see at the Cedar tonight. I'm so sad I can't go (rehearsal). She's AH-MAZING.
check out the song reflect on my soundcloud page and repost if you like itt :)
If I die There will be a Stone Cold Willow Memorial Service at Rupp Arena
haha I kinda like them all but I'm not a fan of the purple/grape :/ lol
Got my VIP ticket ;D
WEST SIDE FOUR FINGAAAASSS;;
You're welcome Dan! ;)
Hurricane Katrina survivor Chandra Richardson: "I don't want to see that kind of economic and environmental damage here in Boston"
I think I just learned a very good lesson
Just registered to take French for reading knowledge this summer.
pizza is on the way
Leo really wasn't onboard!?! Ha!
Past is not present, you use to know me you don't anymore
! You look so beautiful tonight at #DRAKE! Love seeing u. Luv that look :-)
>>Happy Birthday you!!! Anything special lined up?!
Hooray for useful equipment! Happy weekend!
hi Tyler,I live you!!! I really hope you'll follow me soon!!! 3
So glad its Thursday!
I hope Kofi Annan helps improve the food and medical crisis of the suffering people of Homs, in his new role
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
Friendship means being able to keep secrets. Not telling the entire school. You aren't true friends.
i need friends and coffee, pronto.
Luckily, I was re-reading what I wrote and only lost a few minor changes...hopefully you didn't lose anything!
“: Ladies, if you don't know how to dance. Just draw your name in the air with your butt. Problem solved”
what chu talking about Willis?
Are we sure we're not watching a replay of the second period from Game 2?
RT : Who else is heading to the Copper Quills tonight?? Who wants to sit at the COOL TABLE with and moi?
Check these guys out! They are awesome
follow me
when are you buying your orange Tebow Jersey
YUP “: Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal. #teamfollowback”
lmao damn look at my profile background ! thas how long I aint been on dis shid !
If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies,
Don't put your identity in another persons hands. Be confident in who you are
Got schools blowing me up thinking about going back....
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
I don't know anyone who naps more intensely than I do. Don't fight me on this, I need a win.
Six new volunteers graduate from our spring 2012 class tomorrow night. We're so excited to have them join our community!
email me album art to along with the link and ill add it to the site!
does Santa make you as a gift?
Word up hov RT : Bigger reason to be upset this weekend duke getting duked or dwight Howards indescision 2012??
Her: Math. Me: Need help? Her: Naughn Me: ...??? These conversations make tweets look lengthy. Sigh #parenting = Hard Work 2/2
Meanwhile in vanity: haircuts are always rough the first few days, but hey, I think my left eye is healed so I can wear contacts again!
So jealous! We want one in DC!
Must battle Boss Friday to the death before I can hang with Princess Saturday.
RT : Setting up for #tunesBlooms music starts at 6
thank you! hahah, omg wow! god, that so retarded :/
Laughter is the great healer, especially if we can laugh at ourselves. As Toni Grant said, " Life is not a dress rehearsal...this is it!"
Wow! That's amazing. But I can see how it would impact everything in your life too.
um...i dunno...against the law, maybe?
Thanks for including 33days Maria!
What if #WDYTYA is not renewed for Season 4 - how does this impact marketing costs for Ancestry?
I'll do anything to see you smile
hey! we're new to this whole Twitter thing. You seem like you know what you're doing. Any suggestions on who we should follow?
Triple #FreeHockey!! Put down the Molson and put on a pot of coffee! I'm cracking another beer, myself.
if u have a early work out, eat a lot of protien. I'm also taking 'animal pak' supplements after my breakfast
"Bridesmaids"...homemade churros, .and an Ambien...my night is complete LOL
always think about where u r heading nd never forget where u came from
Watch Ustream right now!!!!!
burning my letters.
Interview with Mike Gonzalez, captain of the Titanic: "Even though it sank and everyone died, I felt really good out there."
My dad told me today "No one is listening until you fart."
ALL morning? That's a lot of running lol
Shocked beyond belief.
Both. Protein and carbs to help utilize the protein.
Seriously: #linksy as an internal tool for mega-huge groups of folks to get into (any kind) of funnel has to be a plus.
haha, that is very possibly some poor English/Comp Lit major's term paper reading, you assumptive sicko
Thx! RT : Had a great time at & FIRST DATE. Loved seeing so many old friends onstage again. Very funny.
she made everyone aware of what kind of man he was
Those are pretty sweet kickers too!!
thanks for the RT today
u should have came to my house
Some of the things people pull out of their ass and make up are so ridiculous
Coming up on the show, will join Troy to talk about tonight's game 5 of #KnicksvsHeat in Miami.
Join us for our first SAC allocation meeting of the year! 8 pm. Club Room (Leavey 3). Open to the public.
Bills player scores td then hands ball to Dallas cheerleader who he is dating...
lol who the fuck have a crush on me.
yup yup!!! Thanx
An hour till kickoff and I've already managed to spill condiments on myself multiple times
See Klaggle at Tech Crawl East www.techcrawleast.com
lol hahaha were crazy about seeing this movie haha butbhtg I'm tired lol night!(:
yall tryna turn up tomorrow ? ...im havin a house party !
This gone be like the 3 or 4 talk/discussion/argument/disagreement whatever u wanna call it over the same topic obviously u don't care
Taking my 5D Mark ll, a tripod, two outfits,and stuff for the kids.most I've packed since backpacking thru central america.
it only matters if you and your chair like the idea. Most important is you. After diss then pubs, but b4 it's just for phd
Needa stay off twitter till I get back to my phone charger
We don't like to "sell" on Twitter, but we HAVE to mention -Our Buy 2 Get 2 Free Window Sale Ends July 4th. So many call when it's over
End the summer in style! Schedule a Diva or larger this week only and receive half off a spray tan!!
Friends Follow back to get more followers
Oh, I'm thinking Good Night Moon or maybe Love You Forever.
Why is it so cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I did until today
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not, but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for."
link building needs to happen in a natural manor, getting 5000 text backlinks from a forum is not a good plan
Who cares what you think if you don't care about yourself? Keep waging the war on women by supporting the GOP, airhead.
In chemistry about to k.o
YOU'RE the best ;P
Who's coming to the show tonight!?
Good day with my boys
that is brilliant. We're switching the program 2 giant MDJ office dance party
only if i Can Make Me Some Moree
i want to watch the avengers and battleship...i think i've said thst before lol :D
thanx for that seriously!!
It almost amazes me how much sleeps..
Pretty Lights, Skrillex, & Diplo: Full Flex Express Canadian Tour this summer...see you soon Toronto o_O
Spending the evening writing a paper alone. Awesome sauce.
but do what you want , I'm done telling you what you can & cannot do . I may want to be together all the time but I can't always
That's what she said.
y does my fb page look weird
what's going on songwriter Dameion..we meet at international music conference
Do you manufacture here in San Antonio? If so, do you give tours?
thanks! Took 6 of us to finish it. Now: sugar coma.
I keep lookin at the same dumb shit tryna fall back to sleep
Of course we have school when its gonna be 90 degrees in #NewYork !
The Muppets hosting the Oscars is the only way to go! I might even let Myla watch if they did...
did you know KOL beat is this past year in the Nashville Scene's best local band award? -formerly starlume
you should follow me ;o
Hi Sounds like you may be overwhelmed???
#schoolmemories so many vant name them all
RT : Proof that beautiful women sell: Sharon Stone on the cover of last month's AARP magazine. // She was terrific.
would love to be a New Yorker. Bravo.
Probably cheaper and he already knows the system! Orlovsky instead of Garrard
Or maybe I won't. RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready. We will see. Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring.
So much house
Perhaps, "build schools not jails"?
Follow my personal account: with a Z!
My parents are in #SanFran partying with my brother this #Easter weekend. I'm jealous; and a bit scared....
I'm chasing the cat the cat chasing the mouse the mouse chasing the cheese will anybody get what the want
: Thanks for the tip, I'll pass it along on Facebook as well! Thanks for following us and have a great day!
#BackInElementarySchool i was a teacher's pet. i cried even when i got in a little trouble
I have attempted to work with in the past, but this stuff from you is counterproductive...
Happy Birthday Go #Green Go #White!!!
fun's over RT "yo twitter get ready for a rip roaring good time #twitternoob #nineteenfiftieschic"
Thrilled to finally have a night to myself, no plans. Unless you count spinning and a date with the Hunger Games as plans
yep just got here
Thanks for posting this! One of my besties is a new librarian and new to SF and on the hunt. I will rec it to her!
yup yup yup! :-P
Surveys are good to go. Thanks everyone!
Sober tonight so I can enjoy my pizza! #Lakers RT Interesting how personality changes after TWO sips of Makers Mark.
Aha Success! Finally exported the video with the right requirements for upload!
That guy was still better than Alabama's kicker.
I loving right now!
In the trash
NREI/Marcus & Millichap Investor Sentiment Survey shows only a slight decline in investor sentiment from the high of 164 recorded in 2Q11
if you want to send me 1 or 2 by email, I'd be happy to help.
Great to have u on the show RT : AWESOME time with . Thanks
Nunez more than likely will be traded no way will he sit in the minors until he's 28-29 waiting for Jeter to be done at Shortstop
Remind me to tell u my SCOTUS slumber party story if I haven't already.
ha no - but that Peter Griffin sure knows what he's talking about!
Dam bug bites!!
They're all pretty fucking awesome :3
"TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!!" <3 Okay I'm done... Night(:
robot wars today
yep! He's going to meet us there (starting off #DivaStyle with , & friends).
Wow is all I can sayy right now y r da makkin a big did abot osama be laden itZ freakkin pointless
i hate this.
Upside down in Your Mortgage? Contact Me 4 Free booklet on Program HR 3648. This Government Program Expires 2012. Help is Available for you.
I have impressive musculature compared to most seven year olds.
why must you taunt me with Wagyu when I'm trapped in an airport?
free weekend to get this script finished!
Pls tell yr MI HS supers, principals, athletic directors & school bd members you want them to VOTE IN FAVOR of the AGE WAIVER! LetEmPlay.us
Yes! That is my brother. Nice to meet you.
Doesn't feel like testing today...
Happy Friday - Need a laugh? - Here you go: The 50 Funniest People Of The Decade -...
Of course! Lunch on me ;-)
U gettn any sleep these days, she said...Nah! Fav quote came to mind..."if the world won't move for you, shake the MF!"
Learning a lot today
i swear you say the stupidest shit
That's about $2 too high. Sounds like you're near the airport.
Bioness Initiates Study of Neuromodulation System for Chronic Peripheral Nerve Pain
have fun !
No it's not, her email was hacked
WOW. I just checked Wikipedia, and it says 19k total students go to the school. However, another 60k take classes online.
Just another one of those days when I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go
thanks, im going to frame it for sure either 2night or 2morrow
And I wonder if I will ever be good enough
At the library doin homework
hm m
That last RT is another reason I hadn't worn Nike in fifteen years!
You may not have it all together but together you can have it all...
why the fuck do all these young girls cry over these RandB singer dudes?
how come when someone says ACT NATURAL everyone strikes a pose...
Them bitches must be crazy thinkin they can judge me!!!
I can check..
. piece on MCA made me so sad. "Be sure to live while you're still alive." RIP, Adam.
tragedy on the corner of Broadway and Bleecker! broken bag = at least 1 dozen Magnolia cupcakes squashed.
Tweet my whole TL , I don't give a mother fuck
There should be some sort of law against wearing a tie on St. Patrick's Day.
Holy shit. Jan 25th. I am already close to my boiling point with the amount of tv political ads already running.
AH YES!!! WHO WOULDN'T BE #Oldtimes #memories I CAN'T WAIT!!!
The government should not be involved in creating inequality but that is precisely what US tax policy does!
Agape2Learn field trip to an Alpaca farm & yarn manufacturer! We LOVE learning!
-im up with the dream chasers & grinders/hustlers.. ;)
just finished my chemistry home work
Tired & not feeling so good :( #MissingHim ...
It's a little ridiculous how many times I keep making the same mistakes
Baltimore will lose to Cincy so don't give up hope of first round bye yet.
#100ozChallenge complete for Saturday! I love my Tervis 24oz tumbler!
Baked a cake for my mom. Then made a shit ton of corn-bread.
Wolverines!! Red Dawn was awesome but Utah Valley baseball has won 26 in a row!
#ArtFact: #Leonardo #daVinci was a vegetarian and animal rights activist, he would buy caged birds and set them free.
Any day you're alive is a good day!
Um...Madonna's new video is HOT!!
Sundresses when its windy are great
“The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.” -Joseph Vincent Paterno (1926-2012)
It's about that time<U+E337><U+E00E>
Hacked again! I changed my password, ignored suspicious DMs, did not even check in for four days. What's up?
used to live two doors down from your parents. your dad was such a wonderful man. miss his spirit.
Exhibit about Werhner von Braun and his contributions to the US space program-after leaving Germany and the WWII V2 rocket program.
Happy birthday Adele.
St. Louis-bound for #aejmc 11 - presenting a paper with title is so long I can't tweet it. Sorry, hedline writers at #AAJA Detroit!
En route to Cape May for a wedding. Car ride giving me time with new fruity device.
Im fuckibn drunk
Spring break 2013 come soon I gotta go visit my girl in California!!!!! #stoked <U+2764>
This film is fantastic! "How to Lose Friends & Alienate People."
// Nice! Is it sponsored by any corps? Do they have mobile apps for in stadium experience?
u look so pretty your outfit nd your hair is looking right barbie
thanks for the follow! I would love to do a party for you and your girl friends!
cannot stay asleep..might just have to roll out to get some hardees brekfast
Friday night #datenight. Pre-valentine's weekend. tasting menu @ h50. can't wait!
Just got an invite into the Dota 2 beta, nice!
Rod the Mod.
awhh thank you:)
heading over to the big cultural and history event at county hall on friday
Totally went into so do u guys hire gays ?? Cause I'm cuter then the dash dolls !
I ordered 4 pairs of black flats from Zappos with the intention of sending 3 back. You would think one pair would fit. You would be wrong.
No big biggie.
LOL, yeah. It's cause we don't talk anymore >.< ahah
This Cuse/UL game is crazier than Joe Davola.
Hey, #pghtransit the bus driver could at least make an announcement that we broke down. Other buses were driving by - could have grab'd 1
Congrats to Casey for Signing with Wilhelmina Models Miami : ) You have a great career ahead of you!!!
hope everyone had a very safe closing day!
#quote All your choices open doors to new beginnings. Which choice feels best? That's the right one!-Cheryl Janecky
Jan 29,2012: Milwaukee Wave vs. Syracuse Silver Knights: 3:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
or sharpie B)
RT : People are pouring in to for Derby Day! Come out and enjoy the celebration!
RT An Internet Talk Radio Network - Broadcasting Empowerment World Wide !Wide variety of prgmng, informative & inspiring!
its what we do.
L'oréal's mascara makes your lashes 60% longer?? Wow! They should make condoms.
Recently obtained: #2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney on 5 items.
You are welcome my new friend!
You have my empathy. I watched the end of the game on Bourbon Street. Amazing, but perhaps not in a good way...
Austin's a cutie;)
Green Bay Packers WR Donald Driver waltzes into third-place tie on 'Dancing ... - The Oshkosh Northwestern
Was at city walk so sad cuz came at 8when I left at 7:30 wish he cud stay and do another 1 on June 5...wen I'm going bac ther
You're welcome. I'm ready for data input just need to do taxes tomorrow. Let's talk soon.
So great to meet you guys! Come visit in Denver anytime@
Awww. DC misses you.
yeah...it's an unfortunate truth. But I'm glad someone else gets it.
what's the point of giving nice speeches at a funeral ? tell that person what you love about them while theyre still breathing .
thank you! We really appreciate it - hope you can join us!
- Pleasure working with you!
thank you for your beautiful spirit. It was great seeing you this week. I'd like to DM you please. Love and Light.
From Soldier Field: Nick Collins has a knee strain and his return is questionable
ha. im a Vlut.
can't wait for tomorrow night
just found your stream. love it. yay women leaders! hope we make the cut. ;-)
Your not even big you don't need a diet!
Really want to go to CP! T^T but nobody pick me up!.
Dear sabrina like I always say u and mikey cute couple!!! Love your bio too its great!! Tweet me more!!
HIT UP MANEMANE TO TELL HIM HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND RECEIVE 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!!! Music
Did jelena break up or no i kinda believe it but i kinda don't idc that much though
yea boxing how good r u?(: nd i got some new Laker headphones(; nd some clothes i get to wear ties n look sexy lol (x
The cheese
...what, you don't like it? I think I look quite pretty.
Happy Birthday Ramon Sessions your birthday present will be having to guard Tony Parker tonight. LOL
while everybodys makin babies ;; im makin money #$$$
Best Against The Grain I've ever heard!
More like my cousin RG3
that was great! thank you both; I learned a lot!
Wheels down. Insert beg cheesy smile here.
Back from a wonderful holiday break spent in Salina, KS with some on-site lab research for Kodachrome thrown in for good measure.
awesome! thanks for your support! /
Missed u!
Adobo grill downtown turns the restaurant to a club too!
Talking to a TV screen doesn't count RT Just talked to Kobe he said ALL SYSTEMS A GO!
I like the dancing! =)
Question of the day: Are you the type of person to dig out every last french fry from a Mcdonalds paper bag?
Chief Teare has been subpoenaed to testify by the county council, in connection w/ his role in County Exec. Leopold scandal
webinar about using hacking the kinect.
Somebody plz pull the fire alarm!!Shows how sidetracked I've been to not know American Reunion wasn't a patriotic flick
lmao I know you made that tweet bc me!
feeling like I just got us all backstage at a rolling stones concert and my friends are like, "who are these old guys?"
water is back on...pipes are fixed...coffee made...65 degrees today...& my desk is littered with stacks of CDs...hot damn...it's a good day
Going to go see crazy, stupid, love.
Morally passionate but familiar storytelling - The Copenhagen Post
me me! wanna baby sit;)
so everytime I tweet I write asd?
Thanks for stopping by!
Dang. I wish my back was as black as my neck is.
mothers day, Sunday, the day before Monday, the Lord's day, the 13th. What is it?!
This #WorldWaterDay watch a video & read a statement from partner Lucy Mulenkei on water scarcity & Indigenous...
Got to use my gold card for the first time this morning! It finally came in the mail.
“: I swear , my Boobs feel extra big today . Lol”mhmm let's see them
hi I'm tia
- I went out to watch that 1st game back against PIT. By the end of the game, I was a Browns fan. From then on.
yea so its more intrestin to no 2 languages
thanks :D
Seriously, what next?
Wisdom is always reaching out to you.....from a senior citizen to a child, wisdom is calling. Embrace wisdom..
Bacon Popcorn Not gunna lie mouth blowing amazing! do ur tast budds a fav and take them on a wild ride.wat R other odd bacon treats u like ?
if I apply for Denver job. The job posted. I applied the other day. Now let's see if I get it.
hey. I dunno if you check but there's a pretty dope play on gentrification that some friends of mine are doing on may 20th
I jux kno... ppl want it more then ppl that have it
I just watched a kids movie I used to watch a shit ton as a kid. This time I heard like 16 sexual innuendos and saw two titties.
I want to love somebody. Other than wrigley and
Of course! RT : seriously. i never knew coffee could taste so awesome. With of course ;)
lmfao that picture is so hilarious. Funny ass shit.
Same here. Obama's recent bipartisanship is promising. But, the affordable health care act is scary.
#WhattoExpectWhenYoureExpecting was a hilarious movie! Love all the actors in it!
wanna see u sometime ! M k !?
Wish I could have shared! Have a lovely Sunday.
folow back ya
its all good now. Old man cheered me up on my next call.
Seems like you're mostly just fed up with Wolf, which is understandable, but there isn't much that can be done about it.
I should have!!
i bet your pretty with or without makeup :)
hi is you at your casa?
Add me on oovoo djpickett or
Aw, thanks! We're in good company. We'd recommend all of those, too.
RT : “Fall seven times, Stand up eight.” – Japanese Proverb
slept with Suggie last night! (wow, does he get up EARLY, like 4:45 a.m.!!!)
#FEDUP Annual Budget Deficit - difference between fed govt spending & revenue received during yr. Deficit adds/Surplus subtracts from DEBT.
Nice smile you look so beautiful
Oh my goodness, I was joking . ;o
Wine fest this Saturday, you in!?
Literally doing nothing in 7th omfg I'm totally dreading going to 3rd
true dat. Altho i bet if she found out what i did to her grandson sat night she'd come at me w/ a frying pan...
Setting up big survey in SurveyGizmo - over 6000 potential respondents. Gizmo lets you paste in 10000 emails at a time - wow!
I'm looking forward to living there finally. The traveling there as much as I do has become ridiculous might as live there
For God is not theauthor of confusion, but of peace.- I Corinthians 14:33
Just found out no one can find me on #WordsWithFriends. Sorry, folks! My correct user name is " SquirtleSquad1" No spaces inbetween.
jeez..the booze and bacon sure make you grumpy (and spelling challenged)..let's be happy drunks, k?
Friend:"Apply for this job. It's terrible and my boss is even worse but the pay is amazing." Really? You don't know much about me then.
please follow me...your army followed me
#2012 You read my thoughts exactly!!
hey : no more surveys, etc. JUST FIX PARKING.
We sent him a picture in the mail.
Lol You Right, Them Names Just Set It Off
did you ride Rip Ride Rockit?
Welcome to the pacific north wet :/
Is he violating some constraint that the local context has to match up with the song structure?
#BoyzAreBack <3 omfg I haven't been this excited since they cane to Seattle. :') <3
Nae might wanna chill. I know Whit. She from Chicago lmao
I wanna sleep in!
How You Can Treat Eyelid Infection And Swollen Eyelid
For the 1st time I am using flickr to upload my videos. It's pretty cool! Have you used flickr for video before? I'd love to hear about it
had a really great time performing at Andre Clearfield's Music Salon 25th Anniversary in Philadelphia. Many thanks to everybody who came!!!
Thank you. Didn't quite mean it that way ... I guess "it came out" wrong ...
M...Dr.Pepper:D
Wisconsin state Rep. Cory Mason: Jesus would oppose Gov. Scott Walker's Medicaid cuts.
Reading your book right now. 'Users are not going to magically create your content!' Amen.
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM
Oh it was. I was there myself. The guy was dead. Middle of Lincoln Park in Chicago.
Guinness floats!
I mandate that designers be tested on proper Photoshop filter usage- example: LensBlur or LensFlare? "Uh, Lensflare?" FAIL!
RT : Why wouldn't Peyton choose a place with no playoff wins, no receivers, a coach never coached and management no one trusts?
NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATESHOP PEEP IT ON MAY 1st DJ ELEMENT WIT DA BEATS GUD DEALS & CHEAP THRILLS .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
I beat the pussy up up up up
Just another day of class draggin by.
In theory, practice is no different than theory. In practice, it is.—Unknown
My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga
Academic librarians: have you ever done a quiet study week at the library during exam week? What marketing materials did you use?
Orlando-bound and so excited!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rodan - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off! U r paid liars&maipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
That's not what you said on #espn #scottiepippen !! you backed up on that pretty quick! I think Lebron is probably more talented but? what?
I really like him and im excited for candy tomorrow<3
Such a thrill to see you walk into theater to attend performance of "Judith of Bethulia" this afternoon!
ahahahah...weight room!
Wow long time since I was last in a computer, or at leats Twitter.
sammmeeee no matter what i'll still love him 2<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Chicks that wear Heels everyday; Bottoms of they Feet feel like Deer Hooves! Yall need to Visit Ling Lings Nails Twice a Month
It's easier to keep up than to catch up.
Who in NYC wants to let me crash with them? I basically have no other options at this point.
Starts line up for New App Pokerpool . Arlen Bruce and Ewa The Striking Viking.
That's awesome. Can't wait to watch that.
touring WILL and News Gazette with #490st today!
Did Madonna melt?
love your voice. who knows. you might be someone's langston someday. plus? "bless her heart"? best.phrase.ever.
I'm the worst golfer in the history of golf
I love Zooey Deschanel but that new iPhone commercial she's in makes her look like an idiot. I hate it. No one gets tomato soup delivered.
note to self .. stop scaring your friends by telling them you will decorate their genitals ... its the thought that counts if you ask me! ;)
I'm so excited to start working at TJ Maxx. You guys seriously don't even know.
Will be in Las Vegas for Juve/Madrid if it gets finalized. May go see Spurs/Galaxy but not sure. HDC not my thing.
Nice little article about Books by Chance in the 's Up Front section of the May issue. :)
That moment when you realize that campaign video you made was actually really bad.
Thanks for following Follow, love him, worship him. Awesome- inspirational- cartoony art.
Please let your LA families know about Sunday's #specialneeds Resource Fair - free + activities for all ages. Reply for details
Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, ! Cheers to lots of success ahead in the #pr industry!
I'm really regretting those shoes I bought right about now...
I'll be waiting!
RT : Watching the food wasted here makes me wonder why more restaurants don't have smaller portions only. Plus, obesity.
thank you!
Over here dyin laughin at rickey smiley crazy ass
“l bet the "YMCA" dance is harder to do in chinese.”
Front Desk Friday: Whowza! Kinda an epic day, visitor-wise! Think I gave the Alaska Native Land Claims spiel about 9 times. Need brain nap.
hahaha I guess so
haha its the 14th...damn my memory for birthdays...should i?
Can't wait to see what is cooking up for our show poster
Leaving Huntington Beach
I hate cleaning my room!
Oh, that really annoying noise that makes you want to kick a baby off a cliff? Yeah, I hate listening to people eat too..
Dam 10 to 4 like come on
Rep. Jauch: "This was a budget with misplaced priorities and misguided decisions."
ii hate bitches datz loud for no reason!
Our new twitter spot, watch for cool promotions here!
Another win for the CCS Lions 1st/2nd grade team. Excellent infield defense.
Suddenly there's all this product placement on #giulianaandbill. Yuck!
kiss cam? this sounds great. i'm in!
No U.S. access to Afghan killing sites
Jealousy is a terrible sickness... get well soon.
yea I think so!
We're the only coolest. Very much. All the way.
Standard stuff from #arsenalfc today. A lot of passes between defenders, lack of creativity and individual brilliance going forward.
Trying to get 's new #FrequentFlyer but I think everyone in the world is as well, making the website crash.
Tyler the creator??? what has he created????
to early to wake up 5.30 am to go to Singapore for meeting. God all the things you do for better life. Ow well such is life. love all
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music !!!!
A friend told me that I should go see a therapist. He said he is taking mood altering meds and that's helped him so much...
Shooting this weekend and it's going to be HOT!
Enjoying #Starbucks while #reading #THEGAZE for a few minutes before I have to leave for work...so...hard...2...put..it...down
Here's hoping today is a productive day with bangs in symbiotic agreement!
#wiunion ..I laugh; at any one who thinks that #walkers pandering, outside of the State of #Wisconsin to save his butt, is manly.
#CrewLove forever <3 you may be thousands of miles apart, but NOTHING will ever tear your friendship apart . i love you all <3
very good news about your offspring and his accomplishments.God be the glory on your parenting skills and vision for your son.
aww he is so cute with his little brother (':
An candidate that wants to sign an executive order to block Obamacare without House or Senate vote is power hunger. Think about it
in what city?
I wonder if anyone I know had his or her last class as an undergrad/student today ...
Loved having you share the afternoon with Velva Jean
“: Believe it or not... Faith is the most important ingredient to success.”
Watching with the fam.They r eating hissing cockroaches 4 $50k....Not going 2 b able 2 do it! Eliminate me now! LOL
PWA has been experiencing email problems. It's not our fault (or maybe it is). You can still contact us through Twitter/FC.
lol... Yeah you guys did get killed last night.
all this lions hype, for the birds, they might be better, but 2008 lions 4-0 in preseason, 0-16 in regular season. brown grocery bags used.
i was just wondering because i have amacbook pro but it has better specs than what you used to use. (you said em in your vid btw)
Barrel tasting at westry. Many barrels. It was definitely an advanced tasting. And they were definitley fantastic.
I keep hearing shit moving in my room
yeah. heart attack. :(
you're amazing Daphne. I think you're so beautiful and talented...and funny. You and Sophia have such great chemistry!
I have to love , one of my favorite singers, but I am #teamBlake this Year!
Agree. Bookstores don't have accreditors to protect them. MT : Big problem I see w/analogy is gov role in subsidy & regulation
just found out author Maurice Sendak of "Where the Wild Things Are" passed away. RIP :-(
Haha, we moved back to McDonough. How have you been?
"Dude, my bracket is totally f**ked." -everyone I know for the next month.
Knowledge is free at the library. Just bring your own container. - Unknown
#20factsaboutme 12) I listen to music to get away from the world and the pain
you forgot about the back end "exhale"...a little methane, anyone, to help warm the globe?!!
. Agree. It was a foul but a call usually reserved for the regular season. Not 10 sec left in a playoff game
cool man. you around today, i may try to stop by and say hey.
RT : Pastorek: The #federal role should be strong, but #flexibility should be granted
For the record, Ellen has those annoying tutu-wearing Nicki Minaj fan brats on AGAIN. Has she abducted them? Intervention time? /tv off
Bieste and and Puck's song sounded a heck of a lot like Blink 182 xD
baby is so cute
it's privately funded.
my dad's migraines are triggered by the tannins in red wine - you're not alone in that ;-)
Thinking about you, wishing you the best today! Keep us posted!
Wear their pants around their ankles
what you get bro?
Going to see the hunger games tomorrow. We in that b.tch STRAIGHT TWEAKING
I love , even though she never replyed to my email... <3!
On the other hand, you could always create 50,000 accounts and "leak" the passwords. Red faces all around.
Shurefire Records is officially on ! we are always looking for demos and artists to submit!
Does this surprise u @ all? Thot they might go national w/their hire w/as much as they have to offer athletically & financially.
okay!! Yay just text me
Playin' some gran theft auto- balled of gay tony!
also, "angels have to invest before traction."
Just saw my brother from another mother, the great , at SFO.
it is indeed! But not giving up on it. too much fun
A guy in my section tonight yakked in his cup, then put it under his seat & knocked it over. He also left behind a sock.
well from what i'm told, they're having 50 person conference calls about me at like i'm Nazi Germany lol
so i have this groupon for liquor infused cupcakes. i gotta go get them.
Apologies in advanced for filling up everyone's feed for the next few minutes...
Due to the recent allegations at Penn State. I will spell Penis with 2 nn's from now on. Pennis.
There are organizations like to schedule and pay for travel arrangements for families seeking cancer care for children.
Riding around with Miss Mariah(:
I wish I could sleep. But looks like no sleep tonight #damn I wish I could just make It better between us
In my world? Yes.
May The Fourth Be With You. Happy #StarWarsDay!
if i dont have work!!
please write a book! Your advice makes me happy. Love ya Aub!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None. The democrats do that.
hahaha just a classic Parma d-bag car find. Well done.
So you only hit me up when you need something?
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK do you feel my d!&k fu&$king your mind? lol XP
It's a lot of pressure sometimes!
What's your moms name? I'll give her a s/o during my chat this Sunday!
Whitney Houston, RIP. So very tragic.
Wow, that is awesome!
Last day at AAJ for my work BFF and last day in DC for my roommate/life BFF Tis a sad sad day for me.
haha that's f'ed up
do it!!! ..... Change is good and it's just hair, it will always grow back
Lol yep. I had to take it for my speeding ticket :-(
Ok lol o.o
Note to self & MT : New Preservation Week map feature coming soon. Displays PW events in your area.
gotta say this Rangers Caps series has been very entertaining
pancho and lefty, to a party bar.
weird as fauhhh
"I'm the reason why you're always getting faded...take a shot for me..."
Sign at cafeteria sandwich station: "We're sorry: we are out of bacon." Shocked the scene wasn't post-playoff Vancouver in there.
Have y'all seen the girl that was on the back of Petrino's motorcycle???
Good Morning!!!
Great! When you're finished, you can explain it to me. I tend to confuse "work" and "expression". :D
Hey Erica, check out my headshot site www.killerphotography.com and my other stuff www.jordanancel.com. I shoot for everyone.
I think I have a #harrypotterhangover. You surviving, ?
Who the one crying now!!!
#TeamPeeta or #TeamGale? :D not based on looks but on personality and skill!!!
Thanks:) No Problem.!
Love only exist for certain people smh this world is messed up I'm out fuck y'all and your stupidness !
#TheStatusLounge by 6/2 3p-8p l VIP w & + sounds by l Food & cigar specials
Thanks Clay!
test tomorrow she didn't give me nothing
we know that Gorgasm is living in a spec house illegally and has put it on the market, he's jealous it seems
yea I was counting on playing you guys as well I wasn't ready for it to be over
Kill me if the Cardinals or SeaCocks get Peyton. & his shystie 4th surgery scares me in regards 2 my
clean shot then CV was taking shots on ground and not defending, ref called it.
I want shave ice! RT : Haven't had a food truck come to the office in three days. We're living off granola bars and goldfish.
#LTL recording today and tomorrow. Demo should be up by Monday.
maybe it just means I'm loose.
then you've lied to me so many times!!!! Cuz u never told me that your mom died that day u said she died a year after tht day!
When your best friend knows immediately when something is wrong.
I think its time u make him buy a laptop. Lol
when fans are like "i think i'm a harry girl now." i'm like ~welcome to the dark side~
Scarlett Johansson is So Hot [fill in the blank.]
Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!! So glad it's the
Brian Gardner of up to introduce Explaining the benefits of mobile health tools.
hell yea,yall in New Chicago right na?
“ love of my life I know you are so mad at me huh? I'm sick Los :( how are you? I miss you”
CONGRATS!!! So happy for you! RT : thanks friend! I was busy with the new baby :) we're both good!
i feel like when i tweet from this account it doesnt even count….. lol like its a fake account or something
yeah, they reunited right?
Somewhere your boss just parked his car near a playground and jerked off on your pension plan.
Of course, couldn't forget that! :)
Cool, thanks! I'm curious if the prices are worth it!
So I just made the best chicken I've ever made in my life!... and that's sayin' alot!
So good! Favorite part was when I you brought that guy over and thought he was for you until he started flexing for me LOL!!
Its #nationalkissingday..Guys kiss your pets and make a promise never to EAT any animal from today itself..Go VEGAN!!!
Please let this dude leave me alone
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's been my mother, father, bestfriend, & my EVERYTHING throughout my entire life.
minor details. But I agree probably would of been a good idea to have him in
Thanks! It's amazing how time off from #editing can feel beneficial and productive!
Watching Pearl Harbor: 24 Hours After on the History Channel.
In San Angelo and Midland TX for a few days :-/
Oh I love blizzards when you're in your bed and its all warm :) haha
you get a bazillion points from me for featuring ! Redeemable in hugs, kisses and stuffed.... animals.
me too. But my bed thinks I'm seeing someone else. I see so little of it. Oh bed, you are my one and only. I love you.
Linda Lavin did some of the greatest schmacting of all time in Arthur Miller's terrible last play, FINISHING THE PICTURE.
Exactly! I pulled my uggs back out!
Big funeral procession getting on freeway soon? Maybe 60th & 43/894
oh, just hoping he's going to steal the Super Bowls thunder. Should realistically know by next Wednesday.
JA Adande got one of the fattest noses in history.
Bought some workout clothes... So now I have to workout, right?
Truth is, I miss talking to you.
very very welcome. I hope it helps. Ill get back on the computer again later and do it again lol
The most awkward things happen to me. <U+E40B>
Sky8 now headed to damascus for a fatal crash. Aerial pictures upcoming.
Job searching gives me butterflies. I just don't know if they're good or bad butterflies.
Just saw The Black Swans and Akron/Family rock the R 'n' R Hall of Fame. Guitar solos soaring into the heights of the glass pyramid...
Happy mothers day mom <3
Ok, got three ok's. That comment just rubbed me the wrong way.
Upon A Burning Body is doing 40% off their merch at indiemerch store? Why don't I just give them my credit card? Must have self control
Hey thanks for the support!!
I have no words.
Dreamed about <666 Blaqk Audio for now.
Coaches, make sure to check out our website for rosters and schedules! Spread the word that the JUCO Showcase is on! We'll see you there.
Yeah right!!
RT : Tonight's hero George Kottaras on LIVE with NOW! Tune in.
Spring break in 2 days!
I love bacon...and guess what tv show im watching? Bacon paradise...what a
“Successful people are masters of the process of their chosen field. Its a PROCESS, so nestle in and have patience.”
someone talk to me
Call on me and I'll be there.
Thanks to everyone that entered the Pitch Count Contest on our FB Page! Over 50 entries! =) Enjoy the game!
I know! But here are just so many targets these days. . . :)
Kenna is a mess
I can't wait until I get off so I can get in bed.
are you and following
Aren't you attending your best friend's baby shower? You should....
is broadcasting live from this morning. Cool - great location!
you follow dog the bounty hunter? hahahahaha you never fail me with your gayness
Excellence is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.
naw, I played like 2 games tho... My nigga fresh off a injury that had him out 7 games the same day we lost the play offs
the pork loin is incredible, come in today, we're open 10-7, there's a pork loin sandwich with your name on it
You Only Had 1 Drink!
im like in love with now... <U+2665>
You should follow (:
Lol if you're a boy, and you are not british or irish and you name is not zayn, niall, liam, louis, or harry don't show up at my house. k.
all of 's music is FREE at brianjamesmusic.bandcamp.com so check it out!!!!
freelancing! Applying for jobs! Moving to a new apartment cause our lease is up.
what are you using? Most of the stuff isn't ours to lend out.
Me and biddy was singing drake today lmao to funny
I'm in a very good mood
i'm blaming this cold i got at on the crusties. showers are not fascist!
hahaha I love reading these!
Hottest day of the year! Are you staying hydrated? It is absolutely critical to drink your water on days like today!
Brickster I have a feeling that Peyton Manning is going to end up playing your Raiders twice a year.
True. It's almost pointless for me to bike there. Driving takes 5 minutes, biking 12.
Just finished cleanin my CLOSET!
“: we simply need more latinos professionals engaged in the heathcare system to meet population needs #latism”
Some believe that the Vikings would be winning right now, regaurdless of who occupies their head coaching position.
How DiMaggio and Mike Piazza had one thing in common, they both married Playboy Playmates.
How many rellos you got..
Great first night of fashion can't wait for the rest of the week
#springsteen eric church! & Yah ik i wish he was 2!
Our "Spread the Word" challenge is now underway for all members of our ReverbNation Street Team. Winner to receive 20 free Halloween at...
Early June. Hope to set a date soon. Look forward to meeting.
RT From Chambers: Council approves a second 180-day extension of Interim Height Ordinance for the Uptown Community Area
yes, that sucks! I hate people's stupid decisions and how it drags everyone around them down too.
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
Had a great time last night at #socialgrindatl, thanks again!
Animal style?
Nothing more frustrating than playing your A game and consistently being ass raped by ridiculous online beats!
She's not normal. The dumb remarks & mean spirited approach says it all.
#cil11 still trying to make my way. Stuck on a train for 1.5 hours! Sorry to miss the impromptu keynote!
What are you working out? RT : pretty good. About to head to the gym. And train someone after my workout
UPDATE: Police blocking Cornelius Pass between Hwy 30 and Skyline "for quite a while" due to this crash.
The Bellmen are about to win a #SXSW show. Come see us at Cedar Street Courtyard. 10 p.m.
Just prayed to the Orgo and stats gods Mostly Orgo. Amen
got that shit to keep your girl awake all night call me adderoll
Another year, most likely.
-morning sunshine : )
YEAH!!!! RT : RT : Watch the voice tonight! You never know who might perform...
Im getting a different tuxedo from every day of the week now
Peggy's dress blends right into the sofa.
Condolences to the family of Oregon State football player Fred Thompson, who died Wednesday while playing basketball on campus.
aww thank you <U+2665> Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Yes! Has the little one arrived?
Trust me, Kobe Bryant is going to have nightmares about JaVail. I mean... JaVale.
Got my glass of Pinot Grigio and Football.
Smith SHOULD have went down at the 1. You win the game right there.
happy chinese new year
Nashville Cable Network TV-The Nashville Spotlight taping the show this weekend!!
I can build a functional calculator with PPT like tools in #Storyline, I'll guarantee there was more design...
Strand was the first to consciously use in photography the abstract idea that came to us through cubism. Georgia o'keefe
Just enjoying an !
Osama Bin Laden is Dead... killed by U.S!!!
no. a knight in shining armor only really cares about saving the princess. Marines are out there fighting for everyone.
congrats! Cant wait to get our decks and poster!
Thanks for accompanying me on my way home from Orlando 2 Naples. Can't wait till u come back to Florida!! 5th time seeing u :)
wtf when did you tweet? it didnt get sent to my phone!
I just bought a horse today and named him Dinero!
We get our fair share of brutal weather but I love it overall. Stay comfy and warm!
Pretty confident. Most people know better than to date me.
Sure! Yea i have a few other request i just havent done them cuz i lost my voice 2 wks ago due to flu :(
workin on Music Playlists & Community Spotlights. Trying 2 hear what ur dancing 2, and shine light on dancers/ministries n the community
You ripped it the other night. Set off what turned out to be an exceptional 24 hours. So yeah, keep up the strong work.
I'm officially set to go to a volunteer orientation at 826 LA on Friday. I'mma be helpful!
I won't be impressed with technology until I can download food (:
Thanks for the RTs about our very cool House manager from
Discipline oneself to make the necessary TIME to devote to investments. Use what you spend your time on to contrbute to your systems.
Now following , Sike I've been following him for a long time
let's just not have today and say that we did #toomuchtoask?
Off to Indy in a bit to get a new bed! And also moving to our temporary house!
How does a pig feel about wearing a giraffe print?
Glad to see advertisers still pulling ads from Limbaugh's show. Continue pressuring these advertisers to do what's right.
lol it should be! You won't have to wait long second volume should be done this week
why the hell doesn't fort wayne have pita pit? i'm too shitty right now.
2 much negative news this morning - sad & SCARY to think that the political violence these days is because of a mans skin color. R we next?
Got brewing supplies today, can't wait to brew some "Drunk in Dublin" beer!
Come on tony stewart you can pull off another win
Just ignore the cookie crumble frap that's on my desk. I saw a picture of it on my cousin 's instagram. I couldn't resist.
gmail ate something bad
god look danooo
Whoever took my jacket in Cafe Select the other night, enjoy it, wear a big scarf cuz the collar is loose, develop a little aneurism & die.
When I hear that Trumpet sound, i'm gonna rise right outta the ground..... Ain't No Grave can hold my body down....
I would buy that Cologne if the poster comes with. Look great
Charleston baby! Cigars, brews, and new tattoos!
Thanks Justin! Some understand the book, others don't. I had to reveal my screw-ups, be honest. Taking some hits now.
I think my brother is crying himself to sleep right now after Cowboys losing tonight! LOL..
In the new episode of iNickelodeonShow you will meet my new bro James!Don`t forget to watch on March 24th,Saturday!
Enjoying some myself right now....and the e-cig of course hahaha
#Crew96 vs NUFC brought in a little more than 11,000 to Crew Stadium last year. It's not like Stoke will be a significant drop off.
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car #funniest thing
seems like it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL TIME ON YOUR BIRTHDAY YOUR SO AMAZNG <33333
Big difference: the Reds still put a product on the field that can play .500 or better. CBJ can't say that right now
Just got yelled at for tweeting in class im suprised that my teacher knows what twitter is
LOL!!! That stinks :( Why are ya in Altus?
NY Candidate Paladino looks just enough like Alan Alda to make me want to watch MASH and Scientific American Frontiers... at the same time.
Just did two interviews after a three hour class I'm off to sleep. Nighty!
is dead still.
I <3 Julian. One of the best places to ride horses, go apple picking and wine tasking.
Bed time :] School tomorrow; Can't wait to see my boy.
Startin not to trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die
Da only thing permanent is death so if u still livin' u still gotta chance ta Love, ta Live, ta give...
their ipad app is not bad! and alleviates that platform's inexplicable lack of a default weather app
I don't wannnnnaaaaaaaaa
sounds serious damn
did that in vegas one time. Excellent time!
I watched a trainwreck happen today!
WTF IS WRONG WITH MIMS!? -__- READ ALL OF THOSE CHAPTERS BY WEDNESDAY!??
Well deserved. Congrats!
Added to my to-do list: "Shoot w/ "
Bacon eggs and coffee for breakfast had 1.5kg to spare so enjoyed that
"it was like a big fat snake staring me in the face...." OMG.... I can't.
can't wait to show you more!! “ I saw that FEROSH pic yesterday! WERQQQQ”
I want to host :3
Start Spangled
FREE LUNCH getting ready to chow down!!! woop woop come and get a free t-shirt & a free meal
Have they found the ex's body yet? If they have, 3 weeks.
“: 49ers left without a QB in NFL Musical Chairs?” maybe Kaepernick or Tolzien can do a Lin and come out of no where!
hey Im good thanks
this guy is in
Morning Like This :)
Any Facebookers going to KICK FOR CASH tonight?!?
Want to see just how loaded w/ iron & minerals volcanic soils are? Here's magnetic proof from Mt. Etna
Bach Choir delighted to announce DOG gifts totaling $7,230. Big THANK YOU to all who were so generous.
So there's the silent killer.. But I'm the loud kind.
RT“: I don't know why but I feel like I am the one”
Just bought a bunch of clothes from hollister online! Now we wait . :(
Taking a much needed break from studying.
and congrats to you on returning to the team!
I'm the type of nigga that..if I have a goal I wanna keep pursuing it until it has been reached
I'll try another time man! Lol. Which kiosk?
"Let me tell you something: When the hips grow old, the lips get younger." -Stanley B. Herman
Guessing the #j202 presentation teams spent a lot of time at #mifflin2012 practicing their presentations for Monday.
I have 2 admit, 8 Flahvas did great this week.
Scratchy throat. Persistent cough. Rising temperature. Fuck.
All set up at the Conductors Guild conference. Stop by our booth for some swag!
Good morning Mr.
Recent studies say that 99.9% of FACBOK users have OCD well the BOOK of DUH
Those Grillade records are looking lovely.
Sullinger, meet Payne.
My Goal Before 2012 Is For To Follow Me ;DD <3
You bet man. "This is such a nice campus!"
At the home or the office, let's put that new HDTV up on the wall! Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 350-6428, today!
Audition Tip: When singing, don’t worry so much about your hands. Motion is generated by emotion.
no problem... I'm in east Atl now & moving downtown next week.
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 2
Yup the C's are doing it again. Get our hopes up and don't finish. Please, it's the Hawks. Not a good team, THE HAWKS.
I'm going I say Andy haha
With a great glass of wine is all I ask ;)
"I wanna hear it in your face" - Dr. Galloway.
YES! We did it. The real HU (Howard) beat Hampton (the institute) today final score Howard 10 - Hampton 7! Bison U Know!
aw! YOU GUYS!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet his tweets are awesome :)
Cincinnati should be a blast, Columbus was amazing thanks to everyone for there support and great friendships!!!!
same thanks :B
Job fair for veterans at
i am baking them too!!!! with a little bit of butter on top.
Don't know what I enjoyed more about my free Panda Express tonight- that it was free or that it was only 240 calories!
Funniest thing just happened... and I got the 2 highest grades on our essay in our ethics class!
GREAT NAFC show Fri nite @ Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! Congrats to all who entered the cage! Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Saturday Special at ACME is our All American Combo! Add some made-fresh Mac N Cheese & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
At a great #txla12 session on social media for business research. Learning how to mine twitter, youtube, facebook and pinterest for info.
kicks off #Anniversary week tomorrow night at 10pmCT on #BTR. Andrew as you've never heard him before!
Today we r setting the spirit lye pipe and the condenser...
Thanks for sharing, and I’d love to chat about Logi Insight in more detail if you have questions
Anyone else notice that unless you are really into following some one most good tweets just get lost or never seen?
Most definitely! Will you be at the Allstar Weekend show in July?
Let's be honest, we all sing at the top of our lungs when Fun - We Are Young comes on
I'm a reformed catholic/unitarian/agnostic who just came from a seder and had too much wine. That makes me drunk. Oy
Imagine how much company Satan would have if God got tired of forgiving the sins you keep repeating and have repented. #Random <U+E32E>
I am rolling out our new dessert menu today. Who wants to try some Sycuan Campfire Smores?
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greed#Mohandas K. Gandhi
Good work!
follow me? & it was great seeing you on the abdc stage again :') <3
and whos that?
That's rite
CAN I CRY ON YOUR SHOULDER PLEASE :$
Points to the karaoke singer in the bar below me who chose "Great Balls of Fire."
After a long long night at work, I wake up to , " hunnieeee are you going to the laundry now". Got to love her...
remember that weirdo who sat down next to me on the picnictable at the tigers & asked me where I went to highschool? Whata freak!
Just got off the phone with my dad.
How frustrating...IB closed again due to Tijuana River sewage...and the waves are so good...
ok then we wont! thats PERFECT also =D!
Got a knot in my head o_O
2nd State now casting for feature film 'MONONGAHELA' -
Not as of right now but we hope we can start getting more specific soon!
Not sure if it's good or bad that the software I work on has multiple support groups. I'm going to go with good.
Im so heated right now its funny.
I am literally going to make every recipe in the "Brunch Without the Time Crunch" article in this month's this weekend.
Going to MIRAGE on valley hi dr and 410 for Playmate Jens Birthday?
Last three days to see the American Letterpress exhibition. Don't miss these fabulous posters!
You're absolutely right. Won't happen again.
Good morning kids !!! I woke up all exciting I'm going to play to a prom at my school then at #downtown #LA this is life !!!!
I'd do anything to dance again.
Happy Wednesday to you, too!
hope you're ready for an invasion by #RavenNation. See you bright and early tomorrow morning.
Woww! We remember those days...tough! Keep at it :)
Heading to Usury Mountain Park for an afternoon hike.
Hopefully going to see the final version of my film The Silver Key this morning. It's been a long time coming! Soo excited it's almost done!
Its true!
Also, who do I talk to about geting a 25th hour in the day... that would help. Is there an app for that?
Cmon Raiders let's do this!!!!
Quest1: do u use a shared outlook calendar? Quest2: do ur teachers post test/project due dates online?
I still can't get over the fact that Walker spent $20M & front groups spent millions and STILL he can't break 50% in the polls?
That's the impression I got. Oh well, he is in Houston, aka Purple Drankville, USA :)
RIP Dr. Jack Kevorkian
"Better three hours too soon than a minute too late." William Shakespeare
Six (6) strikeout's through three innings. McDonald is off to a good start.
Blessed with another day to progress
When you're ready to give up, remember why you held on for so long and what it meant to you.
Sometimes it`s easier to say hello to the people you hate than to say goodbye to the people you love.
Thank YOU guys for the great support and fun February! We were proud to work with you and hope we helped out a bit!
Either she has some troubled clients, or she's very popular in her local village. :-)
Kickin it at #devlearn booth 225 today, great group from Sharing the love of maestromobile and brainbin a learning community.
dub step is just a trend right now it'll be gone in a couple of years
One thing that was hard to miss in the #LFC game was Suarez staying on his feet, when it would have been easy to go down. I like it.
that's what I played last year, I had 592 all purpose yards and 48 tackles and 2 sacks
If following you is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
I'm so drunk I.need to say how I.feel #fridaynite -- jhoselyne ()
We're so excited for your arrival. Drive safe!
You've gotta be happy so far with the Eagles drafting DT Fletcher Cox and LB Mychal Kendricks.
Looking forward to reading it already!
I'm not sure if I want to pay for Hulu+. But I have Netflix and like other tech channels. I don't have any Mac products.
now you're talkin' :)
Nothin school this year is gunna be epic
Not gonna happen .... I was told Jolie wears the balls. Now I'll be hitting the zoom button on Angie's red carpet pose.
don't drink too hard.
3 TN Congressmen paid salaries to relatives
I'm liking this #NeonHitch stuff :)
anyone ever use mind mapper?
that is super cool! What a memorable and meaningful way to reflect on your KSI experience. I love the images, too!
Check out 's music at www.reverbnation.com/cutlassrichard. What do you guys think!?
I know all the words
Baines is whimpering and pacing restlessly. Either Timmy is in the well or it's about to storm like whoa.
I wanna go to Richmond!!!
you and Emma should date(; You know you love her<33
I'm OK with this. We kept 22 and 37. “: Browns gave up a 4th, 5th and 7th to move up to 3 league source said.”
my stupid account does tht t every new person I follow so sorry
just played new musical instrument made from pvc pipe & electronics, w/smallest keys ever! creative inventions today @
Sittin Hear Writing Lyrics Cant Wait Till I Make It Big
Four days of no work awesome weekend ahead & tomorrow it's time to make another shoe purchase
With all this uncertainty in the world today, one things for sure - we've got your computer problems under control!
Yes! I'm not home yet.
yeah I can't wait to go back to the gym tonight
Free Shipping Coupon sent Bridget. Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks
What time are you going to #TapItSocial? I might attend the HR Whine and Dine for an hour and then meet you there. (phoebe)
Finally a sunny day in Miami! Good morning! Cheers!
thanks Ken... Have a great day!
6-3 on the night as Dodgers win and Mariners fall. 10 picks for Saturday! Email to get in on it!
have a fantastic day also!!!! bless
when you stand 3 feet away from the next person in line at the cafe, how am I to know you're actually in line? People aren't that scary..
Go team! RT : & win a round with their motion for the ocean
I know, right? Ugh.
"Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes u come alive & go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive."
1 more final; then acting/singing proficiencies with laryngitis, no biggie haha, && juries tomorrow. Oh & a paper and BFA proposal.
what the fuck you say, bitch? fuck you. pornstar.
Finally getting dinner and then it's home to catch up on things there
Thats 3-4 advantage for them, but Tbone is the best pitcher we've ever had and brings the W 3-2 for 2010.
Back at the dentist...but just a cleaning...woo hoo!
its a tough job... but someone has to do it!!
always dreaming about me...
Wanted! RT : I make bacon onigiri at home. :D Not a roll but a rice ball. DELICIOUS.
Anyone know if/when SXSW will upload audio files of this year's panels, like they did last year?
cont. homosexuality now that is gonna get you into hell.
Four former shrines dedicated to musicians
Ninja Mode <U+270C>
So it's 2:30 a.m. I should probably go to bed.
Horrible. RT : This has been a truly horrible season for your boy in sports.
is not impressed with your douchebaggery. He is after all the
what?! Us pacific coast kids dont get spring break until the end of the month!!!!! :(
One hour down, one hour to go on the show. 888-640-9385 on the phone or 2247-640-640 on the text to talk to Troy.
I take it you don't have much personal experience with sheep. LOL
Who doesn't love being at work for 24 hours...
Thanks for all the follows homies!
Yesterday was a bad day!
Down to Earth Acoustic Version <U+30C4>
wow thank you! i'll take that as a compliment ;)
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care. I love you, but I'm trying not to show. I want you, but what can I do when you are not even mine?
Many Thanks to our panel of Experience Experts, great lunch with an extra learn thanks to
Hey McNabb, give Jake Plummer a call in Idaho so 2 of you and big Al can start a Shanny Dissed Me self-help group.
cmon with it
Emails already rolling in about North Carolina Amendment 1 loss. Like I said this morning, Minnesota is watching and learning.
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
I have the best boyfriend(:
DeRosario would have gotten a yellow card if DC United were playing Barca in the Camp Nou.
It's nice that I'm not alone. :)
PLEASE GO TO YOUR GYN DOCTOR EVERY YEAR AND MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR YOUR CA-125 BLOOD TEST. INSIST YOU WANT IT!!
YES I will retweet it, D&D at their best!
#weRatl my favorite song is Can't Wait :D
AH I JUST FELL OUT OF MY CHAIR!!! #saysomthin IS AMAZING!!!!! AH MAJOR FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!! AKLJHCLKXJFL;D
- How i wish you notice this tweet.. Hi Anne! :))
He does not posses wealth that allows it to possess him. -Benjamin Franklin
Why isn't Obama at the game? I heard he's in Miami.
Don't ever apologize for being who you are. RT : Sorry I'm such an introvert.
your soo cute! follow me (:?
“: Great shout out to P-20 vision in Vista Peak campus in on #ednatdenver”
my bad, I didn't let you know my intentions at all. I was just checking out your pic and thought it looked dope
ayo, tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day ^_^ hahaha
follow back bro lol
RT : Everyone makes mistakes but what sets successful people apart is that they learn from them.
God does things so well...
awesome man! i'm a huge believer in this
Maybe I can predict whether or not I'll get into schools by looking up where in the dictionary should be in April
God damn. #Martrydod is coming to ATL.
Lovely lunch today at Aria.
Lol. Imma G out here. My homie Vegeta was the truth doe.
RT If all goes as planned, we'll be carefully stuffing 300lbs of fresh-picked hops into 60 barrels of beer some time today.
stop telling me who to follow!!
Join us for our Rochester/Troy Phone Bank at the Obama For America Oakland County Office (4 N. Saginaw, Pontiac) 6-8 pm THU
The Big Swing Local Sponsor Tournament is coming up on July 12th! Tune in for news and photo's from the event!
updating the resume...the job hunt continues!
thankss(: its me and my bf
my email got hacked into so I had to create a new one. Should be working now :-)
yes! we must do coffee!
u no them pretty ones in that dumb claaaaaaassssssss
has the best costumer's thanks for your support on facebook about our in "best men's clothing"!!!
Back to school free hair cuts for men & women @ the league barber shop Aug,8 from 3:00-7:00 with student id, we just won best barbershop&sal
It would only make sense for Aramis to go yard right now.
Maybe its a April Fools Joke ...But He Dis Da Fuk Out Of J Cole
LOL u special..
Or you could just buy a #GEBBIE Directory and save a lot of time and aggravation.
good! so glad it's Friday. and I'm working from home so I can't complain. what are you doing this weekend?
Emerald is one of Los Angeles’ leading legal agencies.
do you believe in your fans?reply if you do pls..
cool story bro tell it again!
Do front like you don't like feeling good. Change the color on your mood ring. You deserve to be happy.
Wtf is taking the red line so long x_x
or any makeup celeb tips for this season #nerdprom and please no referrals to the surgeon.
Shoo, I got so angry earlier tonight.
great no complaints , hows school ?
omg me too I was just randomly watching some lol
Dropped the iPhone in the toilet...it's slowing fading at this point, I'm sure it'll be done for by the morning!
Wow...whatta game...
Typical #Rutgers - every time they get into position for a BCS bid, they promptly go out and lay an egg!
Q.o.t.n.: "I like my coffee like I like my partners - with a lot of whiskey in them and sittin on the counter"
thanks Kevin! Hope u and Marla are well.
Me and cockblocked some people trying to get it on in their car last night.
Do you know if that radio interview with Ed going to be lived streamed or are they just putting a video up after?
u know I got u I'll buy u more when u finish it
whats good everybody, sorry I don't tweet that much, still a facebook junkie
Go suck my dick or summtin.
Bone growth stops at 35 years old. After 50 years old, bone loss occurs unless you work out regularly.
I'll still get a glimpse of them as they walk around.
Proof my life is legit -> One of my college boyfriends has officially joined a boy band.
#FollowFriday All worth the follow.
how did James Neal get to be trending worldwide?
I had to fold qq twice preflop at nugget to tight players making big movex today.. I know the feeling bro
Despite his flaws, I loved the heart and soul of Junior Seau and still in shock at his death. I'm floored.
<3 we need to talk tom ok? long catch up talk....
Just took shot of the crowd and two girls texting during Glen Campbell.
Thanks for being brave. Seemed disjointed from Sue's talk. Makes sense why now.
Cursed alarm clock with hard-wired (old) DST rules....
RSVP's done!
": Skype/oovoo anyone ? Or is it too early ?" too early! lol
#cil11 NIST ISO discussing innovative marketing tools & strategies in Track D
Ready to board a plane for home! EuroTour 2012 was another great Oakbridge experience!
Will they play a completely different set if you were to go tonight? I've never seen them live.
The Burger Joint And Central Park Zoo Are Great Choices. Just Read Our Tweets, Call, Txt, Email.
Off to see my fried Jody from for breakfast.
Cannot measure grit in a maximal test. Grit key to
6 more days, I can handle it.
By the way, I'm living at #Mario's today. Breakfast with #WHAM13, then lunch with for the Digital Peep Show! Glad it's good food
Morgan Spurlock On Why He Stayed Behind The Camera For Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving. Oliver Wendell Holmes (1809 - 1894)
People who have like 10,000 tweet's and 500 follower's... Oh dear :/
One of the many great things that Mr. Jobs has done was adding the capability to track a stolen iPad. #bringitback because u will be caught.
fuggit im happy for the lakers.. i hope yall make it to the finals n lose in game 7.. n i feel for whoever world peace assaults next
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way-things I had no words for ~ Georgia O'Keeffe
Hope you are having a great week!
China military says Islam does the top Wal-Mart probe could lead to campaign in Pembroke, N.Y.
:'O *puts hands over cheeks*
Dessert as the new side dish.
Ah, didn't realize wife was in the business. Thought she was off selling her wares again. (See? I pay attention!)
Im exited to see aaron rodgers slam a revolving door this weekend!
now i know how important i am .
fingers crossed! :)
We don't, but we can definitely make one. What did you have in mind?
Again God Bless them and may they find health!!
Spray tanning is recommended by the Skin Cancer Foundation. Safe, gentle and gorgeous!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad take out all dollar menus in fast food resteraunts.
<3 the CA Sunshine!
Don't ever doubt The Coen Brothers
I'm sorry to hear it didn't turn out better for you this time. But your great attitude about it makes you a rockstar!
High in marijuana is next....
No school today we prob will tomorrow though
was playing on the radio at the bank today. It was like a sing-a-long.
Happy New Years Eve! Cheers to one fabulous year. Big things in store for 2012!
Just bought tickets to see Meshell Ndegeocello in NYC in June. One of the best bassists/vocalists ever.
just flew in from Palm Beach. I want to go back :(
That's probably my favorite metaphor ever.
I'll never understand why people fangirl for reality tv stars. So embarrassing.
that's what I wanted to hear was u say I jumped ship
GET BACK AT ME ==>SUNDAY MARCH 11TH
You know, it actually IS fun. I can't believe how much I enjoy learning 3-digit codes and TAC rules. Hey: next ACT? Going?
Massive is making my mind implode
& it sucks 2 be u rite now
On another note, that yogurt didn't taste right. Hm...
Despite sampling folks(bassplayers) like me, I,m still needed to play,there is NOTHING like the "real" thing...ya know?
Increasing predator-friendly land can help farmers reduce costs Having natural habitat in farming areas that supports ladybugs could help
Hey twitters(; first time on twitter in like a month so if you want me to follow you retweet!(:
#SyncUpNola Can we bring coffee in? I'm dying! lol
I am not paying $34.99 even if it is Canadian!
I needa skateboard >=|
thanks for following back.. spread the love
#favouritelyric You only live once, that's the motto, nigga #YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
Registration cost? wow.
Well, yeah, since they'll want 2 marry boys now : If something makes the bishops sad, you know it's the right thing to do
theses piercings make me grind my teeth <U+E404>
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self. Dream your dreams, and achieve the Impossible..... Lane
The Vegas Airport looks a lot like the inside of an Applebees. Customers and all.
do one in orlando!
Great chevy spot. Highlight of the game.
happy birthday!
im currently looking at the most unattractive women within 60 miles of me
He REALLY owes me after getting free rides from Lake Mary to Apopka and back now every day for the last 2 months!
Mostly I've dropped off the face of the earth though
Tron2 is coming soon! Can't wait to geek out!
looking for a job as off November.
"A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with...a man is what he makes himself."
Hold on to your love..
Thanks Cherice..please do the same! times 10!
Personal Training style workouts for FREE! Promo code "fit" during the sign up process, to get a free year of routines. www.TheGymPro.com
Okay, since yhu cant keep a convo going, im not going to either! Text me when yhu wanna talk..
Fucked up my diet already so I'll start tomorrow.
fitty off?! did they happen to have any black CCM Gretzky jerseys? staples must be rowdy for this game!
“: Such an embarrassing night for Miami.” Very! Props to the #Pacers great game for them
I gotcha
Can't wait to watch it. (Believe it or not I've watched them all)
Rafter k here I come
You can never be honest about your feelings. Its always wrong.
Exquisite Peruvian cuisine , intimate setting, Passion and love for what we do...just Happy Valentines everyone!
Now, people realize that #paleo is much more than just a diet! We do what it takes to get in shape :)
damn that hurt :'(
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
Dear Mom, Thank you for keeping me and separated tomorrow. Be prepared for the bitch of the world tomorrow xo hate you
BTW: KI GO TO A MAGNET SKOOL AND WE HAVE TO WEAR UNIFORMS!
Y'all know I have a weakness for Caribbean men and Caribbean food. Just let me live. Muahaha.
Thank you, Jason; comments like this make my day!
Confusion at "Between Shades of Gray" signings means BDSM moms show up to hear a YA version of WWII ethnic cleansing in the Baltic. #funny?
I hope you current go all day -.-
I wish.
#GWAS or have a one night stand with Lil B
share the secret stud, please!
Reading 's "Rebel Rules:Daring to Be Yourself in Business" and it ROCKS! Recommend it for anyone seeking full authenticity.
Breaking them or at least thats what it looked like!! Lol. It was freakin me out!
We're not at #smtravel12, but we should definitely meet up while you're here. We owe you drinks!
/// Lol expect the unexpected. Bosh is about to cost Miami the Finals...
love it! :D
Im demnding more. I may have 2 work around negativ people, but Ill be damnd if Im going 2 "hang out" w/ them. #Upgrade urself and environmnt
I told you... I like squares. ;p
But #NewOrleans holding it down
I make them at work every Friday usually, want to come over sometime and eat with babes?
Excited to welcome as a #LMS customer... the nation's largest co-op in the power transmission industry.
I could even insult her and she'll never get mad
When the only people playing the game are the cheaters, there's no one left to cheat. Game over $$
lmfao, i just dropped a tear thinking about that ish.
I want more guitars like people want more tattoos
"Hayden, your goal in life is to shower." -Jennifer
Having fun meeting with our congressional reps in DC and telling them what we're up to in Indiana. Up next: 's office.
So proud of all that you do. You never fail to keep us happy. #follow We love you :) 2
I kno ur not suppose to hit a girl, but is it ok to taze em? lol
what is the purpose of middle school PE.
They have that dance down pack.
Love those wrappers! And those cupcakes look de-lish!
Slippin down the slide I did enjoy the rid don't know what to decide you lied to me! - Avril Lavigne -
thanks for putting us on your favorite list. Full band studio work coming in 2012. Keep your ear open for us! M.E.
you must be so excited. I'm so happy for you.
Listen to our pal and amazing singer/songwriter on today! Simply Folk, 5pm.
interesting #areyousure .... yes I'm sure "smiing", I want to a writeup on you as a music video director.....
That'd be great! Looking forward to talk soon.
: Love and alcohol are a lot alike… under the influence, you can make some pretty messed up decisions.
Toes: sprained 3rd toe
Just saw 's lovely girlfriend in the season finale of #HouseofLies... turn up!
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY!!!!!!! WHO ARE YOU ROOTING FOR?
It's about to get real as prepares to do what he does best
#TheFinder finale made me cry... It felt like a bad ending..
<U+2606> "You may tell that I'm dumb, cause you're the only one that is always inside my mind." <U+2606>
OR HE'LL MAKE HIS OWN COMPANY
you coming to LA for transmission LA at all? Or did I miss you?
#TEABAGGER #MikeLee Forced To Sell 'Dream Home' In #ShortSale. AAwwwww the poor teabagger. Perhaps the #KochBrothers can bail you out.
“: what bar are you at? Starz or Dolphin 2?” lol..funny guy. Golden Valley Brewing
is thankful for the snow day (15+ inches). Back needs a break after clearing the driveway. Just glad we still have power and internet!!
Founder of this song...
I have an extra ticket for the premiere of Act of Valor at the AMC Altamonte Mall 18 tomorrow night at 7:30. Hit me up if you wanna go too
Oh man. That's romantic. I'm using it.
Portable mammography? What an odd profession...
hahaha okay I will! if I meet her:)
I'm sorry--I didn't see any questions. What did you ask?
Looking for a straightforward bonus point win today
I'm in Tiger Beat magazine. Oh yeah.
David Haney: 1880s-1930s social reform/Fabians/Salvation Army, people could become self-sufficient if they were able to grow their own food.
lol... It sucks
Apple pie is callin my name : ) Its like "Sherrena come..come get a piece of me ..Now ! " Haha..sadly but yess it won : p
I'm just hoping the Ghost of BREITBART didn't drop Amy hexes on the way out. Good luck, though! Easy on the fingers.
How does the carpet look in your office or facility entryway after our past storms? We clean commercial carpets! Call for an appt...
Damn, won't be able to watch 's Ustreamm tonight. Could someone record it for me please?
Hates when there are empty seats on the bus and someone sits besides you Blessings
love adventure near and far! Could use some inspiration at the moment please.
HM... just me or did we need body double for POTUS? Hairy chest yuck
that's cool. Who did you plagiarize it from? <U+E409>
did you make it on in? Lol
that incident was seen on national tv no way of talking ur way out of this one
Thanks! Likewise!
...but I could possibly take time off with my swanky "no keeping score" vacation policy. And my apt welcomes scruffy boys.
FOLLOW and don't forget to floss.
Good article. I saw the documentary when it aired on PBS. Glad you're bringing this case to light again.
You're most welcome!
#sometimesyouhaveto cut off some serious people. Not all that say are "friends" know the real meaning behind that word.
My uncle needs to bring me my debit card! Im hungry
hate being broke when you want something
Line of storms to the west likely won't be in #Madison area until 7 or 8, if it holds together.
This is geeky, but I love my #dictionary.com widget. Word of the day chelonian, pertaining to turtles
How can we send some music?!
Thanks for the RTs today.
Excited to get my tattoo work done next week on my birthday!
i hope we can be look friends izzy u should add me on Facebook
The idea that you can crowd other, better, authors out of the marketplace by writing more books is the promise of the self-pub revolution.
the "Y" word lmao and 17
Looking forward to it homie
And so it is granted. Go forth. Drink grog. Enjoy thy weekend.
Cleveland, Ohio does not have a party yet for #movember! Who is down to organize it this month? #Movember #Cleveland Ohio
RIP Lizzie. i will miss you <3 sad she didnt get to meet its soo sad </3
#pens keep it alive
Really don't appreciate always having to tap the "end" key multiple times before hanging up on #iPhone4S calls
Thanks and welcome to all of our new followers from #FollowFriday!
i want a boyfriend so badly im lonely
At least our intentions were good.
vs Verlander duel would've been a fun to watch, but we'll have Millwood on the mound instead
Hey ! Interesting article on front page of this AM about your new #perfume! Where can u buy it?!
they mean convenient for THEM...
Is it shameful to admit that I liked that joke? And I laughed? Out loud? NO!
followers lost
that new #MaxPayne3 game is EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!
Big thanks for the #FF !!
Power is out at the library. Caught up on some journal reading by light of the window. Now what?
yeah we're playing rockettown this Friday with and going on your with them for the month if June!
This old school 'making crappy opposing pitchers look good' move is so weak.
Now everybody get ready for an entire new group of guys. Last time you'll be seeing these ones
Justin verlander is such a stud Heterosexual man crush
RT : Childcare needs in #Indianapolis? Follow us on Twitter for more info
Won 2 awards tonight at the Colorado Meetings & Event awards!!! I have some pretty good marketing skills ;)
Tired of trying :/
“: I'll finally admit that Julio is highly attractive and yes I did kiss him on the cheek, but its not gay" fag
That's according to the registrar of voters. Point me in the right direction if so?
My personal account (and our business accounts) are all doing OK. Good luck with yours!
#DonCheadle has #SWAG!
The article is specific to the touch, but yes, I know exactly what you're talking about. I understand the counterarguments.
Big kiss hugs to Comedy Central for airing #hotfuzz right now!
U brought that out of me today
Absolutely right, Jeremy! Checking out your website too. I'll subscribe to your blog.
What to wear to tonight's Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premiere? Tuxedo? Chewbacca costume? Decisions.
this made me frown. Then smile.
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all you Irish loving celebrants! Especially
#Tupac sure was fine. And that #coachella shit was pretty cool but not gonna lie kinda freaky too.
Can you keep up baby boy? Make me lose my breath?
I love <3 he's the greatest dancer in the entire world!!! Looking at your dances, interviews!! Amazing!!!
not perhaps more like damn right!
I just don't wanna say goodbye..
love it! The front runner fans will start making transition from lakers to okc
subscribe me on youtube thanks
The smallest compliments can have the biggest impact.....
i know so annoying
Stay tuned for a big announcement from the editorial board.
I had a #Beast workout this morning w/ my thighs. Always my hardest, but most full filling workout.
What's your take on the new jerseys?
Man mother nature you crazy
Hey there, (ATmaryville), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Lets get #tdwed trending.
Off work bitches
Richard Nixon? Or Geer?
Yummy dark Sumatran and our House Blend brewed this morning!
Class was only 8 min
Twin day tomorrow, can't wait! :)
We need more good terms to express general kinship that aren't so gender-binary as "brother" and "sister." Evolvers-of-language-and-culture?
It's cool as fuck.
I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me, than to keep a "FRIEND" whose mission is to put me down secretly
Speaking of favorites, has anyone been to Bay Beach lately? I rode the ponies there when I was a little girl -- bet many of you did too!
cool! why??
Ahha, it is the AUTOCRATS we need to be most concered about, i think anyway; sometimes my 12 fingers get in each others way also
Dont foget to send a direct message to the fan club and tell us why you should win a autograph
no way I had pecans left! Totally great to see u my friend!
Scoreless w/ 13:03 left in the first period
I know y'all got iphones!!!!! follow me on instagram - andrevillegas7
love u austin :)
boo, your no fun tonight :(
Court seemed to consider more than one chapter to be too much for fair use.
Yay! **high-five**
Doubront looks to be a very good addition to the starting rotation. Like today's score. Too bad #RedSox couldn't do that yesterday!
this is absolutely tragic
Congratulations ! We look forward to even better days for ahead.
would love to meet up. The wideopencamera crew are here at the palms if youre game
Nice work! We've caught up since the last time I looked...
RT I think this summer is going to be one of my best ones yet
bandanas for sale
this calls for chocolate-covered strawberries
was so happy to see last night!! U ladies where beautiful!! :)
So ...you think it will be Air Force-Clemson matchup in LA??
I would rather have a belligerent patron than have to endure 1 more cheesy "April" joke.
The weirdest movie to watch with your parents...Love and Other Drugs.
make sure to get live for me!! Love you boo
Excited to have Reason 6 Upgrade showing up at my doorstep today.
NEVER trust a CHICK who can't keep her business to herself
Yourr soo lucky!! Austin always keeps me all stuffy in socks! :/
Word of the night: frontal polymerization. Discuss. ;)
I enjoy the term "nyugga." It's a somehow hilarious exaggeration of a classic racial slur.
TIME TO TRAIN HARD!!!!
hey Jamie, my birthday is coming up soon and I'd love it if you'd follow me
bring in any empty beauty product to Sephora and get a free Origins moisturizer.
Awe son of the year! Will tweet u about it RT : I ll fly in to #miami to bring mom RT : Love #NYC me...
My wife got me a copy of your CD "Hurry Home" for Christmas. got me to your music. Thanks for signing it too!
LOLZ. Love it when you guys talk crazy. What are you saying?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, you mean a Jamaican jerk hut isn't a porn reference?
Geisel featured in article on libraries & landscapes huff.to/kGCoLf
lol...he flames every Oregon player, then shuts down his site when fans respond...
Too many drinks last night...wakin up groggy wit a slight headache UGH
what? why? I didn't like the ending.
In line trying to.get the new j's
I can't believe that doesn't exist yet
“: All i want is to see his murderer behind bars. Fuck your song, new t-shirts, parties, graphics and all that. Thats bullshit.”
I can't wait.. My boyfriend and I are HUGE fans of the show
Man, pop music sucks ass
So I only need to triple or quadruple my yearly income to sleep soundly!
$5,000 does not even put a dent in $12,000, what about preexisting conditions, etc. Not hearing anything that would make me change my mind
Not an option.
On the way to Santa Cruz!
Today Happy Hour 2-7pm. Enjoy Fresh Arugula Salad or Pea & Parmesan Tapenade. Wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
Our music video for "Babyface Nelson" will be available soon! We can't wait to see it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
With Ashley<3
See you tonight!
C'MON PANTHERS!! LET'S GO!!!
I need to stop cheesing at his messages
ha! Well there is a house for sale on Grace Ave. that I'm tempted to look at. It's a steal!
Masa and Pizzeria Mozza are both good.
Its so akward being the only girl on my team... Most of the guys have a crush on me & today our Captian smacked my ass after the game!
Where is a good place for #karaoke on Friday nights in #DC?
did that guy just instantly pass out? Hahaha
highlighting youth crowdsourcing power of Innovation happening so rapidly these days!
Skating, girls, food, weed, games and cats = life
ya not loving those comments but whatever, its donee
Dang it was a nice try anyways
by the way, your comment is there, so no worries!
Goodbye Seoul. Hello Shanghai. Can't wait to see and the rest of the group soon.
Welcomes Sheryl Robert's Acting Class
thank you darlin!
Save the internet! No censorship!
thank you
You want the moon? Just say the word & I'll throw a lasso around it & pull it down. Hey, that's a pretty good idea. I'll give you the moon.
m spotify....finally!
cause you cant spell like ;)
Tune in to tonight at 7:00pm for Studio 89 with The Western!
Am I a bad bf cuz I twatted I was home before I let Jenny know?
cute is for a puppy , i want respond to that shit .
OMG lmaooooo RT : This dream i had about tho..... This Love is Real. #straightUp <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I'm just incredibly grateful they kept me. Period. I love my job & I'd hate to have to look for a new one.
This has been one amazing Friday the 13th with my loves Christina and <3 and we cant forget Quinn(: our new bff lmaoo ahaha
break a leg Brian!
Definitely dig the new look.
I'm bummed I won't be able to watch. Anyone live tweeting? Hashtag?
I should probably pack up my room considering tomorrow is my last day here... shit.
Me too! RT Twitter has been an AMAZING resource and inspiration for me - I am ALWAYS spreading the word with staff!!!
so she eats guys lol? Wtf
Sun Stereo, , , , and and Spearhead...Welcome to the lineup!
u is undo in command (normal) mode. ctrl-r is redo in command (normal) mode.
I'm gonna start calling a #HipsterBrewerFan cuz he cheers for Loe & Yuni ironically. (He still has a man crush on Gomez though).
There are just so many girls who make me want to punch them in the face based on their facebook updates.
gross... Summer school. For why?
Thanks for following Revolver! BrianFiskMusic EROCK
let's be honest, though. Considering how the low seeds have played (save for San Jose), would it really be THAT easy?
Every morning I look forward to seeing your Goodmorning tweet! Great way to start my day! Love you! good luck with the move!<3
GREAT job guys!
Alan Silvestri is a genius. Both the Captain America and the Avengers score are just so beautiful and intense. Four for you, Alan Silvestri
yah like what
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you x <3
This man Charles Barkley really said "you want easy shots compared to tough shots" on national television. Really Chuck? Thanks.
Not everyone pretends.
“: Best friends have conversations impossibIe to understand by other people.”
is feeling better about "life." Would probably feel even better about it if I didn't feel the need to put "life" in scare quotes.
Well i'll be spending my sunday night to monday morning at the hospital
saw a story about the virgin galactic on local news. really, it goes 4x the speed of LIGHT? i'm pretty sure it's SOUND.
Civil War relics moved because of floods KOIN Local 6 News picture Jeff Gianola
J, thanks for spending your time & talents in helping me w/ the challenge of casting the best suited actors. You're greatly appreciated! LK
5 hours of sleep is not enough.
About to go visit my friends at FKE for the last time this school year! *sniff* They better come see me at the library this summer!
Seth Thank you for using the hash tag #mrgasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals ...
It's Friday my beautiful people!
dude you are the best!!
you guys are amazing !!!!!!!!! :) I like your music and can you plz follow ________ ______he's a great singer :)
No, sorry, but I can do search.
RIP, Junior Seau.
I really want to go see Project X again..
SaddleBrook @ Bobby Rockets tonight ... the shenanigans continue ...
hahaha I remember cracking up at that part
Drink some wine to chill out. You'll also be accepting the blood of Christ! That's how the fairy tale goes, right?
bs about him being a Yanks fan all his life ad fearing for his life cuz he wore Yankees gear in bmore was complete bs
Now I really want to see punked with !!! I wonder if he looks cute when he's angry???
Librarians and Technology Meetup
due to the game none of us can afford to miss, our meeting will be postponed until next tuesday, same place same time. GO LAKERS!!
Like we discussed earlier, this is what they put on gravestones! Adam and Britney's babysitter, sex friend and loving mother
we will be releasing the teaser track under the name Smiley Face MO . Because of legal matters :) We love you all
How do I turn on safesearch for hubot? '"hubot image me "cutoff pants"'
Hi Jeff, hmm. I wonder what I meant too. Sheesh, I'm pretty new to twitter. I'm looking for a good song for current p-cast
Right on bruh--->RT : DO IT BIG IN VEGAS BIG HOMIE!!!
Completing some orders from - their product is amazing!
Say it aint so. RT : I'm slowly becoming a Twitter Quitter.
Yeah, Mila reminds me of Emma Stone from Easy A
Is there anything NOT being released today? Happy
Hope it gets better!
When deciding on a LASIK clinic or surgeon, choose one that is dedicated to patient safety, the best technology, and long-term follow-up.
WHAT IS SWAGGY I'm so confused
Austin was awesome this weekend! Show at the 19th Hole in the Woodlands Friday then New Orleans here we come!
i am!
Sometimes i take a fish out of the aquarium and question it......or as i call it "air boarding"
well, according to my sociologist wife, gender isn't binary, it is a spectrum. so if chrome will make me extra-mannish, I'll try it
can play multiple instruments at one time.. with his beard
Alright I will check them out thanks bro ! Do you know any producers looking for new talent? Tell them to hmu I'll show my music
Woah woah woah! Colored eyes are considered a mutation? So that technically means I'm a mutant!!
Interviewee question #3: What areas does your team need improvement in? (Find out where key gaps are)
haha , its gotta be fun though!ya'll are KILLING it on ABDC!very proud =]
#20factsaboutme 6) My mom died when I was 8...
shanghai red's rocks! So much food.
sorry Rach - I deleted my Twitter app from my phone and didn't ever see this... Until now. Love you still <3
Twitter is so complicated.
my wife likes those ceramic pottery places thought i had no desire to go but propose by painting "marry me"
Thank you to all that have served and are serving. Happy Memorial Day.
If your getting read to be a senior & stil riding the bus !
The houses she's being shown are freaking ridiculous. I mean, this one has a pic of JFK standing in its dining room.
Why are there so many bad drivers? If you can't drive passed 30mph u shouldn't have a fucking license!
OG looking like Eddie from the barbershop, told him: "boy make sure you go to church this sunday, cause u damn sho need jesus"
is it sad I'm so looking forward to the rain? Lol
It is official! Got the office. Salient Success Marketing.
my wife she asked me what was wrong with her eyebrows...awesome
up late again i so cant wait for the day this baby of mine sleeps at night... in need of some sleep
looking forward to seeing you at Legends! Let's get there
brilliant keep dancing
Your students are lucky to have you as their teacher - hope you have a great
I cried when I read a rec letter for me written by Roger Murtie today. Best summer ever. Miss you!
The less you care, the happier you'll be
yes girl?
Wait what?
Hmm… does a shoeshine sound good right about now? The lovely ladies will take care of that!
Aaron Koppel Quartet is playing a gig Friday December 16th from 7-11p in Calumet City. Bring your instrument and sit in with us.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. - Beverly Sills
You and me, Diamond ring. Sparklin like champagne.
Hey David, thanks for the FF mention. I really appreciate the support!
RT : "You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there." ~Edwin Louis Cole
Thanks for the follow !!
2 of 2... but leaving us when we cross into the shade.” ~ Christian Nevell Bovee |
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning !
what of we each had some kind of party and connected them through video conference? Not like everyone always...
I am having a follow Tuesday. I am so excited about following all of you people!
I think he just needs a hug. His agent says it has a lot to do with personal issues, but they refuse to specify what that means
...regardless, I suggest keeping the handle you have now.
Take Cover Kisses!
I AM UR BIGGEST #MAHOMIE!! I TALK ABOUT U ALL DAY DURING SCHOOL!! I SAY #YEE ALL THE TIME!! I LOVE U!!
I want u to put a braid in my hair!!!!
For #Kindle authors, I highly recommend looking into sponsorships on on Kindle Nation Daily. My ranking certainly shot up, least 4 a while!
What does #Halloween at look like? Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde roamed around our office yesterday trying to catch Pac-Man....
i cant(:
TRUTH IS THE MOST HORRIFYING: The events that took place on July 13, 1966 is what inspired this movie. Rd the full article on RIFT FB page
Not tryna spread feelings or none but. My dad is a worthless piece of shit. I wish he would return the things that aren't his and get out<\3
The Foundation match will be 7% net after all transaction fees and costs
awesome! I think you would like California. You should go there(:
Very nice. Helen looks good in comic form.
That amazing feeling you get when you're sibling tells you you're the BEST brother in the whole wide world lol(:
what team
pls follow me ((: make my wish come true ((;
who done pissed you off
omg I'm going to miss the seniors >_>
Your crazy no it wasn't
Time to get in the laps at the pool. I love swimming laps while I work on a character. It's very meditative. Happy hump day!
Actions declare allegiance.
An #eye doc today compared #Glaucoma to a marathon. It's a long race that will require daily practice and commitment to preserve vision.
Dinner w/ jme m. Then mall and checkin our the new place.
Yeah, maybe if signed in or something. Either way, grr!
what year did u graduate from woodlane hills
I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger moooovvves
dm me where to send beats
When are the good Super Bowl commercials going to start?
Mo Money Mo Problems
Haha I'm pretty sure you would have took care of them if they came around!
Lawn mower ran out of gas just as it started to sprinkle outside. Guess that's God's way of watching out for me. ;)
Devils are one win away from conference finals. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Maybe it's best for me to focus on me & stop looking for love in all the wrong places
I am ready to go
Not quite sure I am ready for The Lighter Side Of The News :-P
me too!!! And they say TV spoils your brain
Yes!! “ Last but not least, thanks for sharing your story! Preciate you! ”
#Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Busy day today. Will post results tomorrow.
Some drunk guy just called about your vacant apartment and woke you from your slumber? It's your own fault! Use a 4RentSign!
Thanks for coming out and sharing my bday w me rt : My gal, performing "Why Haven't I Heard From You?"
hell yea RT : You know it's a good night if it ends in a calamityboat. Cc:
Absolutely smokin' deal available on a bus this weekend!!! Don't miss it! Call 405-447-2446 to claim it!! Don't miss out!
Longest ive ever stayed up with New Record!!:D HateLies<3Trust
A woman is on the floor changing a diaper in the computer section at B&N :(
#sacscoc What we assess, inputs, processes, outputs, and outcomes.
Brent, ur no longer in the 21 club pal. Ur old.
#agirldeserves a man or a woman
I consider myself a crayon : I may not be your favorite color but someday you will need me to complete your picture.
my phone ran out of battery and I couldn't call him
Nurture your contacts with wedding coordinators to get good business
nice! I totally could have used that a few months ago!
I just saw your news. I hope you recover quickly!
Hey Jen...Its Joel Kirsh...Holly and I are coming to Miami friday. Cant wait!! I will email/text u this week.
Did I so the worm last night?
fac losing forms is a big problem. I offer to review forms for the profs I am liaison for. Helped get weird lang. deleted
Lol cripple crab a crutch
I <U+2764> both of u also! What r y'all talking about <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>? Lol!
12am #Midnight Happy Tomorrow and goodnight!
Davis just struck out. Adrian Gonzalez in 3 pitches
Stay safe out there.
RT #prizesonthehoodpriceisright A crave case from White Castle with a 24-pack of Raspberry Lemonade Four Loko
Will see what we can do! MT : any way we can innovate a way to ensure my hands don't get stolen in future?
Lets send Darius out with the 8th Championship!
diving into Wed Anderson's films today. starting off with The Darjeeling Limited's short film 'Hotel Chevalier'
2 tix remain for 10/15's 8:30 show & 7:30's sold out! Thanks to our all-volunteer cast and crew for making the show such an early success!
Anyboy watched BET's #Top10Rappers of the 21's century last night? Congrats to my boy for hitting the number 1 spot.
yeah but I don't get to know what is doing every hour on Facebook.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes reopened I-94 WB at MM 254 at the Jefferson/Dane County Line.
I love my cat, but I feel he would be a fan of postmortem predation. Spidey wins!
take that douche bag!
Who's up?
is working on CFPs:
or I Told You So... idk, they're all SO GOOD!! haha I'm just sayin' (pun intended)
I'm free... Until tomorrow night. Aghh
#oomf why can't I stop thinking about you?
God bless you, gin-and-tonic!
It's time for some alone time
Make sure you guys come out to Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Wolves At The Gate, & more this Friday at Club Seven!
I LOVE Stevie Wonder!!! OMG!
I thot u had the better ground game I was wrong
Thanks for the follow (:
Miss you!!
Open Late Tonight! Cause it never too Late to Look GOOD! Come out #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too!
It was an honor. We're proud to be supporting you as the next governor of
I was there last weekend!
What are you guys' plans for this lovely Saturday?
Wonderful news! Congrats on such a big success.
OMG. How on earth did u do that?
#WTF Kid Next Door still exist o.o
I swear your half blond....
Secret Service went mad crazy 4 that latino columbian pussy
your bitch's back! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
We are working more in depth on our resume at mlk library
Yeah - no kidding on the Xmas shopping. I got mine done in a power-shop w/ my daughter. Quality daughter time = productivity :)
has our T22 BLINC INTERSTATES IN STOCK!!!
you ain't gotta dig too deep if you wanna find some dirt on me, but I'm learning who you been ain't who you gotta be.
Thanks for the RT!!
Just spreading the love!
easiest move ever, two cases of trumpets, two boxes of clothes
what is it?
Hey Love(:
Thx for the feedback on salaries. I have some great summer internship candidates coming your way. Expect to hear from them soon!
*heart heat whatever. Come on
Spooky Old Tree by Stan and Jan Berenstain: Do they dare? Of course, they dare!
Great plan! That's the way to do Vegas! We can help you find some killer shows. Do you like , comedy or variety show? ^AP
Leaving Julina in Cali now i must get back to Kansas my need cash fast quicker than quick c'mon PRA!!!! next week is huge
doesn't understand how perfect my face is..
What is all this talk about the Tigers and J. Damon? I hope that relationship is over... I'd rather roll the dice with some rookies
i Love Valentines day, Makes Me Feel Loved <3
Nick Collins released?
Consuming drops of FlorAlive® essences overwrites and eliminates our limiting beliefs and mind obstacles, replacing...www.floralive.com
what's up
look forward to your information...like the twitter handle too!
I'll bring some sunshine and tan back!
Thank you sir. Understand, Ryan is one of my followers too. (;
Another great #workout #trapeze #silks w/
Left and center lane blocked on I-10 at Canal st exit. Truck either caught fire or spilled dirt.
I want to move. FAR away.
it is AMAZING how expensive #TimeWarner is .. no wonder people download everything now!
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
Thank you :-) If it doesn't always come from the heart then in my opinion it doesnt mean a darn thing. Xoxo
NEW: Our Syracuse affiliate reports that the defamation lawsuit against Jim Boeheim has been dropped.
We are at Track 21 off of highway 6. We need more people for laser tag! Come on out!
"Nobody puts baby in a corner".. Dirty Dancing ;)
Tipsy than a mother fucker!!!!:-)
Me and moms aint been on good terms I might take her out but idw
Looked to me like there might have been some bat on that
One day I'ma learn how to do splits though. #realtalk. I know tweeted how to learn via yoga or something.
- yeah, that's pretty much what we looked like. heh...
Kicked back relaxin/thinkin and missin Nashville, wish I was still there :(...
I love the library!
No amount of sex, girls, drugs, money, attention, glory will eveR be fulfilling because it can never satisfy. Nothing outweighs Gods LOVE
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your team mates to tweet #marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Hey QT guy ;-) It was nice seeing u again!
The Lakers transition defense is pitiful but the Thunder are playing with poise. That's what you're supposed to do at home.
Made it safe and sound!
a happy mama = a happy family. Smart move!
#itshardwhen you have too take your own advice but
Do you think "iLove you" is the end of the Seddie arc?
guidebook data is awesome
Seriously about to start blocking people who keep sending me spam messages.
Great! Enjoying one's job and location makes for happy times :D
Volunteer op. times #4: Sat 3/17 4pm - 6pm and Get in touch if you'd like to help!
The kids love Alvin & The Chipmunks 2 -watched it 3 times 2day. Not sure if I should be embarrassed or more embarrassed for
Very odd that National Book Award fiction winner "Salvage the Bones" isn't a #NYT 100 Notable Book of 2011.
Don't be silly. He's the son of Coul. Everyone knows that.
I don't even think I've ever heard it used. Til now.
Making our customers happy is great; it's what we strive for with each & every plate! We love you guys!
Jesus enjoyed turning water into wine. Nuff said.
Why is it everytime I want the weekend to start the last two hours drag on?
Fantastic #FF's continued:
Who needs a plot when you got people going *car horn beeptrain horn goes off* and *fire whistle goes off*
Humorous to watch Romney campaign pander. They're so off the mark it's not even funny. And it's not helping make Ann a sympathetic figure.
Selling a brand new iPhone 4 ! DM if your interested !
We are resuming the panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
Make it 6 through 3 ip.
jury still out on the change to but I do like the televised day games.
-- As soon as you help us get a large enough demand there? :]
That was fun!
Due to evil, actually considering deleting Gmail and using another search engine (although I don't know who TF to use).
Can the weekend like be here already ?
Qui! U finally surrendered to twitter huh? :)
slaughterhouse is going to be in town, what.. possible show?
action shot
Finally a break for one of the sports teams here in #Wisconsin.. #Brewer Ryan #Braun exonerated! Complete coverage tomorrow morning on
Interesting aspect of the June 12 primary: If a candidate in one of the Reno City Council wards gets 50% +1, then only that name goes to Nov
yeah I know what you mean! The wanted are going :/ it's just a few hours!!
haha I have every season of friends too lol.
Only play today is Oklahoma City -8 points tonight. End the week strong and ahead
Thanks Love how you get our customers home.
#freshmanyeartaughtme I'm fifteen. I don't know what love really is yet.
Thanks, Ward! And congrats on your new series-- NEW YORK, BABY! -- they look fantastic!
"I like...rugs." '_' -Stephen Negron
I completed the rough draft of my new novel tonight.
'S days like this that make me think I could live in the bay for a little longer...
Honorary degree,Doctorate of Humane Letters goes to Dr. Virgil Wood, civil rights activist who worked with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
I say we start making churches pay taxes since they want to impose their doctrine on government.
Drink extra water today! All the cool kids hydrate:).
oh em gee becky look at her but tunchiiiiii "lolz"
Last lunch'd have to be poolside.
go decompress, you crazy kids! early to rise & !! #shehechat goodnight!
What is everyone working on today?
oh that's cool thanks for calling me..... sheesh
wow, I honestly can't even think of someone. That's an almost impossible question to answer
Waiting until spring to sell? Find out what your house could sell for then if the market stays on the same course 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2306
Nice. Good luck! A great opportunity with a well established company.
naw but I'm
follow back?
i apologize though , didnt realize u hadnt yet seen it
“ #WhatiLoveMost, Knowing your the reason for someone's smile. :)”
If it's this dead and quiet on Saturdays, what is it like on Sundays?
We may have the same mother. cc:
An investment is something that is done in hopes of a return, usually monetary. If no interest, what return do you provide?
DANG U STUPID FLYERS!!! GIROUX THERE WAS NO NEED TO "SHOW OFF" AND JUST RUB IT INTO UR DIRTY CITY!! EVERY PITTSBURGHER WILL GIVE #REVENGE!!
Optimist: Person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness. ~ Mark Twain
KG with the big put back. C's up 4.
the default ones are obviously designed for digress.it. For what other ones can work.. you'll have to experiment. Keep me posted.
we dont have any good news if the #GOP gets in & controlls. I think we could have been in great shape if congr did jobs
I meet another Flint town native last week E-brezzy
the favorite song we are hoping to hear is "Let's Go Girls"!!
stephen_hobson you are the winner! Follow me do I can DM you.
I'm getting into the braid show if it kills me
and i gotta go to bed now cuz i gotta wake up early
Who the hell is Andrew Garfield? RT : BREAKING NEWS: ANDREW GARFIELD CAST AS PETER PARKER IN NEXT SPIDER-MAN
So if one is driving from NYC to Arizonan. What are some stop recommendations?
thanks for the fanfare
David Crowder Band – Give Us Rest or (A Requiem Mass In C [The Happiest of All Keys] --- Most. Awesome. Album. Ever.
looked like you were going to sleep !
Thank you to for giving me my only valentines day card. <3 woo <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Looking forward to coffee with this morning - We're talking Pinterest, and of course, other things too...
$2.50 Tuesday! Get a Polish Beef Or Regular Beef
5 Rings, or not, don't make any Fuckin excuses for Kobe <<<< Yeah I'm bein like that cause niggas would be on
but maybe she was a cop. Er, reverse undercover style? Let's not give them ideas...
Urg mother do not stand outside my door listening to me play guitar. If I want you to listen I'll tell you .
why do we fight/ when invincible
GET BETTER AND HAVE FUN AT THE DOCTOR!!!
Of course, I also use gdocs all the time, and everyone has a Google account, so it might come in handy at some point.
G.M.N.I.: It's always nice when ppl kill themselves w/ their own words. Saves me the time & energy.
Do over This. RT Wishing death on Steve Blake's family over a fucking game. You're a fucking dumbass.
I don't hate school, just the people in it.
Oh, stop. You're awesome, too. Keep going.
#moms : is tweeting a lot of cool facts that might interest you! we can't be too careful with our kids!
thanks for the ff!!
happy monday fam!
come get it!
OK If the video is wrong and I hope it is. Lets prove it and defend you.
How come mary kate has 2 names and ashley has one?
it is, but it's so worth it :)
AH YEAH!
THESE AWESOME LADIES BRILLIANT COMEDY ACT LOVE THESE GIRLS COME OUT AND SUPPORT THEM AT THE COMEDY UNION TUES.NIGHTS
Prayers for Robert Kennedy Jr's family!
Don't bleed
"We'll build the trees two days before the oxygen, so when they're bored-Breathe nice and easy." ::half-handed cloud::let's build a planet::
16 days and the music will begin. Join the fun while showing your support for the Sac Jazz Festival. Satisfaction is guarenteed. Pass it on.
yep, in shep right off 65. Also in fern creek. And Brooks right off 65.
Of her. Have patience and FAITH.
“: Spurs are a cohesive unit with phenomenal Individual Play that is created thru TEAM play!”
I'll be on Cherry Creek later. How about you call me when you're done w/ your appt?
The Inspiring Women Scientist forum is getting ready to hear Gillian Small, Vice Chancellor for Research at CUNY.
A new year with new opportunity is coming. Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year to all!
I saw tonight finally!
Isn't that fabulous! Thanks everyone. We have until mid April so we must keep on this!
Practice with infinite gratitude to the past, infinite service to the present, & infinite responsability to the future.
love you too!!
Am not only Cuz a wile ago I gave 900,000 dollars in donations.... I'm not saying to were cuz it was unanimous
Daydreaming about summer... what's your favorite thing about summer in NYC?
you're arriving in downtown STL. uhm.
Its super duper's birthday! Woot woot!
Indeed, a brilliant idea, wifey.
On line at the #MET with to see the McQueen exhibit. Longer lines here than Disney today.
i can't even pay attention to toast cuz shes all over the place and would rather not talk to me
Spending time with my beautiful daughter<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Asm Higher Ed Chair Marty Block addressing CSU Trustees on the importance of maintaining safe campus environments for learning.
S/0 to all my followers this beautiful morning..
More testosterone than a million fucking bulls in my family
DON'T BE AFRAID TO LIVE A LITTLE.
Merry Christmas to all And to all, a good night :)
Small Business Saturday is 1 week away. Will you be supporting small business this holiday season?
RT : Thanks to and his Organization of Information class at for contributing 12 new records to Databib
<<<<Saying no before letting someone finish what they were going to tell you>>>>
Touch my computer again, I'll spill your blood.
If you are going to lie to me, at least make it believable and better still, make sure I never find out the truth. Word!
DM me your e-mail address and I'll send you our co-pack manual.
I think Goodell goes for the kiss on the cheek next year for draftees. Dude shows serious love for them on stage.
I agree w/ - #TomBrady, he's my #FantasyFootball #QB :)
Kinect sensor permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
I hear there's a place in Erdenheim next to a friend creek that'll offer to repair it.
I can honestly say they've saved my sanity the past 8 1/2 years. Only 1 dry night in all that time.
At Druid Hill in Baltimore. Pray for me.
when r u coming new York!! Lol
chasing this weird French. Drink with pickle juice.
Also I have a new theory about the anonymous owner of the #archimedespalimpsest. That's just a bonus on top of an amazing exhibit.
absolutely! It's an embarresment to the UW and to the city that they let this happen.
Excited For New Jonas Album 20
Really think about this for a second, do I look like the dude that you want to try to throw out of the bar? Didn't think so.
True 90's kids have used the phrase "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Tell Bleu Mag ....."What's one thing you've always wanted to do?" RT
Thanks for the mentions &
thank you for style performance the #grammys Amazing.
Keep Calm & Love The Crew<3
Fab Design Tip: Use repetition in your home to create balance. Repeat shapes or patterns in different ways to carry your style throughout.
#ILovePeopleThat have #tattoos of #Bach on their back.
It's that time Suckaaas!!!! #FunkyFriday Muah from Dallas. Zuckerberg can I borrow a dollar son?
where will your taste buds take you?
You know #thatawkwardperson who has to tell you their life story just because they sat next to you.. Even when you use the "shut up" mmhmms?
HI! Good to see you, too. Been awhile since I've made it to the chat...
please please follow me!<3
No way is new kids on the block jammin on radio right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
It's chilly. These are Alaskans. Spanex and running tights all the way down. No short shorts.
"Our government rests in public opinion.Whoever can change public opinion can change the government." Abraham Lincoln:Quotes, Quips,Speeches
YOU PEOPLE!?!..lol..
Ny Rangers taken game one . Hopefully Flyers take the game tomorrow.
Spending the day with le #bestfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Before I go to bed. Love the show #Girls on hbo. NYC is way more diverse than this. Would love to see an asian or spanish girl etc.
real music? -.- I should bust your head wide open.
So I'm by the pool an danger comes on and all I can think about is cross country
Paul Martin MUST be benched in game 2, Niskanen in. Sickening.
it was really bad... now 6 people are dead
Meditation helps to guide the wandering mind into peaceful concentration that helps to build strength and character.
It is so weird that we are waiting on Walkersha & Kathy Nickolaus again. WTF????????
dialing now ;)
Good Morning from MooN&Starr
I KNOW !!! Counting down the days :)
Cabrera is really going to play third base. You watch.
I'll always love u
So glad im a women so I can hold my smart phonetic my bra strap
So happy it's friday! Anything fun going on this weekend?
#nowplaying Sayonara-,so good song! It makes me feel awesome!
Mind is buzzing minus drugs
Thanks! I enjoyed your post, too. How are they on comfort, though? I have very intolerant feet.
Haha!!!!! That was a good one buddy.
What is with panthers and bears such a crazy connection with them and players
Ijever is a fish. A fish who wants attention. Maybe we just shouldn't give him it.
Hoping that the textbook I ordered online comes tomorrow - my class starts Tuesday!
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational quotations and How Comes:Don't try to save others from drowning, until you learn to swin yourself.
I had such a great weekend with my wonderful girlfriend !! Now it's time to snap back into the boring ol' reality!
no I saw you have lunch at the amore with some guy :( looked like y'all were close
<U+2606> "Letters start with A, B, C. Music starts with Do, Re, Mi. Numbers start with 1,2,3. While love starts with You and Me." <U+2606>
that was potentially the greatest concert opening I've ever seen.
It may seem silly, but it does help. I did the same thing when I wrote my query letter for INK. :D
hey just wanted to say, you nice, caring, amazing and lots of other things. I am so glad we are friends <3
Yes I read that. What a wasted life.
shaun marcum hit somebody in retaliation last week.
I'm turning 42 the day I arrive in Katmandu. Wanted to see Everest up close for many years. Making my facebook full of info
SO I just got flowers at the door and the card doesnt say who they are from! Crazy! :) #HappyGirland THANKU
Blake's are so nasty bc he is putting them on people's heads.
Hey Fans! Please follow . She is a good friend of mine!
Let's get high & cuddle.
How da fuck is this shit so ghostly? I mean how is there no star trek torret at all, of any kind? lame :c
Maybe he meant Michelangelo. Will the training involve pizza and nunchucks?
Happy St. Patricks Day from all of us at Montaño Acura!!! Drive Safely out there tonight :)
so excited to finally be part of this wonderful club
Starting the weekend off right at w Live for the service, the people & positive energy in this salon. Worth every $$
I AGREE OR IF MY HUSBAND OR I SAY ITS OK
North Carolina lands four of the top 20 players in the 2013 class -- and it's ... - ESPN
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays!!!!
If you ain first ya last. You either a champion or you like everybody else
Thanks! “: P.S. Snazzy new website!”
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVEREYONE!!! 2010!! Bigger, Better, Sexier, Smarter, Richer, Happier, HEALTHIER, More Love, More peace, More GOD!
What Mr.Harper and his sycophants fail to comprehend is that the gov't belongs to Cdns. It's not his to do as he will.
The Deadman is officially twitterfied! Now, how in the heck does this work?
I may not be the Cali Swag District that can teach you How To Jerk. But I can be the Lil Wayne that can teach you How To Love<3
RT Bobby Valentine told me he met with the #Brewers but "nothing is ongoing" and no follow-up meeting has been scheduled.
Don't ask how I figured this out, but: follows on here. Man, I love the internet.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. -Samuel Beckett
#IHateWhen ppl act lik they can't go ah day without smokin
No just wondering at the miracle of the Michichip.
I would do anything for a copy of Pretty In Black on vinyl! Love you guys <3
#ciosynergy conference panel discussion -- very engaging, here at the Trump hotel & tower in
#OperationBK's final step almost failed with her signal, but i got the phone call in...haha, now its time for me to go to sleep and relax!
Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf. --Will Rogers
NBA: King of the Court nominated for 2012 Webbie award for Best Sports App & Official Honoree for Best Use of GPS or Location Technology
#wcmf11 Mandy Jenkins - she's had professional sucess by making her own job
Ditto on the beer - I'd love to see you guys :)
Won my USTA #Tennis match tonight and our team won all 5 courts! Go Smash Girls! Enjoying a post match big salad as Elaine would say.
omg... I love that shirt!!!
Oh, tech issues just happen sometimes. No blame attached.
U know what pisses me off? When your dude asked u 4 a threesome but wants u to find yall a chick..nigga they want my pussy not yo dick
On air in Boston..kid from the street team is in the studio next door making a demo. I love radio dream..I was him
Why do seemingly normal people ask to connect on LI that don't know me AND provide no note for context? Am I supposed to sleuth it out?
Done! Check your DM's. Also, listing Paul Sommer and Manda Ostoich wouldn't hurt either. Manda works at the Scotty's in Indy.
Thanks. Here's hoping that we can help you stickK to your resolutions!
So what happens if I already did?
I keep telling myself "No More Freelance"... Then some opportunity pops up and I cant say no! Good thing I love what I do lol
Oh yay, haha. I'll stalk some shops today after work too.
That twitter tip from earlier should apply to following Gator's writers during a bball game or NSD...
How loud is the arena now.
We tipped off 's Scoops Carroll to the story of a streaker. Scoops delivers the man himself NEXT! 222-6000
This breakfast bowl smells so good* man*!!!!!!
LOL!!! Good tag line.
Additional 30% off at Gap and Banana outlets this Saturday? Ugh I wish I had time to stop on my way to Madison...
Cummings at tech forum: We want govt to work right & tax dollars spent effective & efficiently
So true. Every librarian, unfortunately, has been gifted one of those at one point. I turned mine into a zombie
Man....whatever it USA that make you think of that raw Shit...do not lose it.. u r most slept on... Period.
if BH is the worst place u have ever been, RHCP is doing WAY better than I ever imagined. And I imagined a LOT!
Follow my baby brother
- nope. that is sweet! its cool to see these companies really making usable stuff.
Who brings me chick fil a with no chick fil a sauce. I mean really
Where are you watching #USA vs #GHA Sat. morning? Which team(s) are you rooting for in the #WorldCup?
Just unloaded a truck load of savings!!! You don't have to be a millionaire to sleep like one! Get down to Mattrezzz guys and save big!!!
So true...": "Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence." — George Washington | #quote"
Is the real Eleanor? :)
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) email is
I'm still considering an #sfgiants tattoo. My buddy has Timmy. I'm thinking Cainer. Hm....
Hey man, quick question for ya, would you mind if I posted your latest blog post on the GSID blog? With links and credit and all
I never fail to trip or run into something immediately after watching a kung-fu movie. Reality bites, man.
Gotta take care of the ball. Not playing OUR game.
yes we are, hours tomorrow for our first Sunday will be 2pm. After,our hours will be Mon-Thursday 3-11, Fri-Sat-Sun 11-Midnight
idunno, the 420 ones did, though. :o
youre posting so many good articles i have like 15 tabs open
To be conscious that You are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge - Benjamin Disraeli
thank you for sharing our event! We are so thankful for your help.
I'll take you and TB in any game in any situation over anybody every time!!! Thanks for a great season!!!
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, double-sided printing 5 cents/page - Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
Boesch on #bay: Have to be realistic, and cautionary in clean-ups
Happy Birthday to FDDS Director !! :)
#RandomFact: My phone background is of Harry Styles. , why u so amazing?
awww! You will have to take me there when I get back in town!
It's Cold outside....Try a Bowl of Tempura Udon....Dine-In/Take-Out/Free Delivery. 1620 Market Street....
yepp! It was a party...
lmao not anymore
4 spikes...not good
2-for-1 Marital Therapy Sessions
People who quote positive thoughts on facebook never seem to follow them.
Maybe less of a role for librarians in big science, More of a role around citizen science. Galaxy zoo, Cornell Lab of Ornithology.
what Moron came up with that? That's hilarious
crap, there goes Friday ...
Lol Zach randolph needs to get rid of them high socks
Care about the future of libraries? Today help program chair Joe Janes finish this sentence: the ischool MLIS program should __
tell me about it
Really, though, thank you. I appreciate the vote of confidence. Actually, the continued votes... :-)
RT : when you cant sleep you gotta eat
Some free time has just opened up in Studio B tonight. Send an email to roz[at]kmamusic[dot]com if interested in booking.
I had louisville winning tonight when the upset!! Yes!
Commercials r real. Ask urself if this is how people talk. Replace the dialogue w/your own words just to find the tone, then back to script
Stewardship and Servant Leadership - may latest article at www.mikehensley.org
great quote
Are you a current PVLA client? Fear not, we're here (with reduced staff) at 215.790.3836x1
You may be the most annoying announcer I've ever dealt with in my long tenured career.
- I could tell you if you'd like.
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
Hit up Walmart around midnight when they unpack deliveries. You'll have all you need. RT : Need boxes!! Anyone have any?
Yes, #Smash! Make it a soap opera! Ivy now reminds me of Sami on Days of OUr Lives.
#AmericanIdol Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing what she is doing she be on top never give up
Katie Homes to play Jackie Kennedy? Suri must have pulled some strings. People listen to you when you wear high heels.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
I know all bout that. I'm running out of time again. Less then 6 weeks
RIP Lee Roy Selmon
I'll be there in person proudly wearing my Nash jersey Five hours until
you found it you cray stalker (:
It hurts like hell. Hey can I text you?
Finally got to 403 followers! :D thank's guuys :)
The hottest 40+ year old woman in the world is ________? Correct Answer:
I think we need 2 support all kinds of healthy parenting Not all women r capable of breastfeeding and don't need to be judged for that
Sorry that our facebook posts also post on here. Some of our tweets might not make sense. Sorry Tweeters! Please "LIKE" us on FB!
Oh, Texas! You & your crazy, random weather. High heat & droughts for so long & now, not only pouring, it's hailing. Keeping us on our toes!
Conducting an unscientific test of our network. 194 more laptops and 51 digital security cameras added to the network this month.
fyi: it's a full moon this weekend.
Because! You are the amazing one here, not me..
Sweet dreams :-* bye.
yeah i will have a good life without you chris !!!
With and driving to San Diego. So fun!
Thanks for sharing Joy!
I'm surprised at how much it has drawn me in. Btw you look like the manager of Mondo Burger.
My cat provides me with so much entertainment in life. As loser as that is, I'm serious <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Follow and for me please! We would really appreciate it! :)
Kicking off production on our (my) first iPad app content. Yeee, EXCITEMENT. Also #tonsofwork. Should be worth it. #ohboy,
In bed with and twugs!!
I think May is going to be my month!
Sharon baby
How are you doing keeping up with technology? Social media trends? The latest apps? Maybe my new post will help....
#WhatGetsMeMad "Turn your music down!!!"
No one txt me ... Mom has phone
when is that over?
You're lucky as hell!
Charles Ess: exploits new technologies for political influence better than anybody
RT : Good times with good ppl.
It is my hair... Haha
- No bad. Will inbox you mailo. Night.
#fridaylistens Still listening to Divine Justice by Baldacci - have to find more reasons (and more time) to listen...
hey my fav. Sexy housewife!!!!<U+E032><U+E032>
ck me out on the web love the site!
And its nice and cloudy this morning. My favorite shooting conditions.
you should follow me(;
#kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Thursday, April 5,...
I'm changing my top name:)
Thanks Duane for the RT
Little bottle hit harder than you think. Good thing we have a driver and I can sleep in.
Also I'm not sure what "Abortion" for delaware means. Does that mean highest rates?
ugh Betty Draper is such a bitch
damn I'm jealous, if I had More than $6 I'd be out there too!
“: Before a photoshoot, make sure you drink beer and eat foie gras. #hollywoodtips” hahaha oh so true. Good times the old days
what's up look for my video of opening the package Jake
Way more excited than I should be. is following me on the tweeters. Can't wait to see the show in Falls Church on June 30!
Purchasing tickets for the NHRA Full Throttle Series qualifying at Gateway Friday, May 1?...
Just University Village, they are the only store busy enough to warrant brining in a bartender during the day.
Show at Chuckecheese soon
LBSCBFF is right - I need a pick-me-up like nobody's business. Accepting suggestions ...
is my dude. He's basically my Caucasian brother. That's my n*gga for life and I will always have his back. That's my word.
did caroline ever follow you? :)
woah.. crazy lineup
you work at bestbuy?
I got a weakness for bread. I love all kinda bread. lbs. im sitting here just eating these rolls like I haven't ate in dayss. lol.
I don't understand why isn't verified
You're a sub...if you start teaching, I will leave.
"It's not like I would have bought a Ferrari anyway..." Those are both used to justify stealing music/movies.
I have big plans!! It's gonna be a blast time ever, you'll have a splashtastic day
#Random If you read the comment sections on blogs even in the NY Post and others you realize there are some very bitter people out there!
I'm straight like an arrow from robin hood's bow.
Soo pumped for our show coming up this Saturday at ! Going to be a HUGE show of 500+ so don't miss out Sacramento!
Haha oh realy? Technolgy is moving far too fast for my taste we'll all be in over our heads before we know it.
I can never imagine myself being poor,homeless, or living paycheck to paycheck. I have too many goals and plans for my future.
imma laugh if he saw that!
So much more time for exploration & contextualization of history when reflection, research, and funding come together.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tautology in the wild MT : FACT: Highly effective #teachers can give students about 3 yrs’ worth of learning in 2 yrs.
Health 2.0 - where ppl who are interested in data and health topics come together #healthnerdfest yay!
they said the same about you (:
classic! me, you, Nate were all into them heavy!
I'm looking forward to a night of me, Wii, and Twilight Princess. I'm such a nerd - it's no wonder my sons are, too :)
An unclean system could be the cause of many health problems u are having. Your colon is like your bodies sewer system. Try CleanStart $68
Thanks... Its a Great Bed and Breakfast and we are starting to do so many concerts and Events!! We would love to see you!
I really hope follows me or gives me a Shoutout....I <3 him.
#FF: Places we would love to have on Half-Off Milwaukee: :
Come to Celtic Tavern to watch the announcement of the #World #Cup cities for the U.S. bid, and keep your fingers crossed for
A13. Bacon, Fresh Breakfast Sausage, Smoked Pork Loin, Ham & more bacon on the side, stuffed or crumbled on the top
I fucking love the palladium. It's the most legit ass movie theater ever.
omg!!!!! aw.. that is awesome!!! congrats!!
#CurrentlyEating Crepes with cut bananas & dipping sauce (aka syrup). Dinner = curry. Home cooking just went GLOBAL.
hello everyone chloe mortez here :P !!
seems like a lot of my friends had a bad day yesterday.. somethin crazy is in the air! I'm still SICK too & not getting better :/
When someone is talking look them in the eye absorb their energy put your complete focus on them as if nothing else in the world exists
3 crybabies and a baby the movie of course skip is charlie sheen
It would be hard to do since I'm not there to watch it.
I think older communities (PL, downtown, La Jolla) are more likely to use neighborhood names
yup with no shirt on.
love it!
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
boo! Such a disappointment.
an entire generation of orphan birds. the greatest generation.
#ghlive Does anyone know if Jason & Grant heard a woman moan earlier?
the French king has met his maker. guiotile
Aww that's so super sweet...you guys are awesome!
Ovie/Holtby > Markakis/Reynolds. Oh well, just go win tomorrow O's. And suck it New York.
starting to read Accidental Creative, too!
Yes, AMZ is a threat. By being irresistibly easy, it could make our more affluent patrons care less about us.
When people claw at your feet and swim really slow once they pass you!
We have a very fun contest coming soon and we will be announcing the winners of last week's contest tomorrow! =)
would you like to not travel alone?
: The gift that keeps on giving.
Finalizing details for the 1st EVER RETREAT in Evanston this weekend is super fun!! But super email-y. : )
I will not share my pearls with those who can not grasp nor believe.My gift is discernment.And I have seen.
What are the odds that Delone Carter doesn't take another hand-off this year?
him on ellen was.. eww. icky live performance. the dancing was dope tho.
Enjoy Dana Point and the conference ... good catching up today. 1.5 hour drive back; well played dinner decision
I'll preorder one if your lovely fingers get used to type me a reply & click my follow button ;)
i want some oreos & milk ^_^
What part of Northern VA are you from?
Happiness is a how, not a what; a talent, not an object. ~ Hermann Hesse
two weeks from today we'll be firing semiautomatic weapons without a care in the world.
welcome back!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Wheldon family during this difficult time.
Not bad, need more of those out there for the people to buy.
I got new sunglasses! #theyalwaysdisappear :(
Pshh im so cool that Bieber is in my blood now u no when u c me u c a Belieber(:
CNBlue and FT Island together on one stage my dreams are coming true right now!
I really want a nice phone >.>
#Hoosiers vs. State Penn action at 2pm! We know you got this. $3 Miller and Coors light bottles today!
I promote bands online. and pass out fliers cds t shirts ect.. and we do interviews
ha nah dude if they would take what we made id def be down to do it together
Kreider's effort was awesome to watch.
omg I Love the new icon!!! Btw ily
sure what day works for you and what time? Cause I still have work this week
Have you heard?! David Puentez is coming back TONIGHT! Still no cover before 11pm and only $5 after! Doors connect w/ at 11pm!
sounds like you made a bad decision.
In my hotel there's always someone watching.
Wow, great control by Torts not to sucker punch Pierre right there.
If I was an idiot, i'd run out and buy an iPad tomorrow.
I met u at buffalo sports when I was in high school, now I'm In college come see One of my games, I play at ecc !
thank u...
It's the Ben Brust show here at the KC. The kid is feelin'it.
people are so dumb
thanks...back at ya!
I miss that about Colorado.
BRB GOTTA GO SHOWER AND DANCE
Nothin like california sunshine
Oh #Netflix... why -_- Maybe if you had more diverse choices of film & TV, people wouldn't resort to other sources and sites.
Only assume if you're questions have gone unanswered!
Is it wrong to want to run off to France with Ina Garten? #GastronomicalAffair is the new
You know we, cali niggas, know how to ride by...
absolutely brilliant. If possible I cherish him more now :)
It usually goes somewhere around 500.
are you getting any dental work done to help the pain?
“ When you separate yourself from the fake, they tend to call you fake, No its called MATURING & REALIZING Whats REAL.”
you still haven't followed me!! :(
#dctech panel kicked off w/ question about platform wars!
I hate being the jealous friend. But I friends with both of them before they knew each other and now I just feel left out. fml.....
Making my Ian Kinsler t-shirt look business casual.... #openingdayproblems #GoRangers!!!
and have struck an official partnership for sports-related check-ins.
#civility: Assemblyman works to bring both sides of #California Legislature together on daily basis.
I don't believe in political correctness only political POLITENESS. We can be polite yet ALL THE MORE BOLD in our proclamation!
So hungry<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
wow what a joke...
Send as PDF saves storage space. No need for two versions anymore. Slick.
lmao ilooked at my recent calls idid but it was a butt butt dial! lol what the voicemail say?
I'd be curious about how it is in the UK too--if you end up blogging about it please share!
u bite size huh
That would be funny if it weren't so painfully true!
You hang at Level these days? Mwahaha
Well just an hour left until my bday is over and no Happy Birthday from you :P
be aware of potential scams Phishers obtain public info and blast texts & calls hoping 2 trick people into giving personal info
...amazing experience. Now I TOTES want him to win. (I'm a sucker)
#Manning to the #Texans. That is a Super Bowl winning team right there.
Whats up man? Haven't forgot about the new tracks you sent! Will be posting soon. :]
me too
i cant wait to see you tomorrow for freecember :') im so excited!
#FF cause Kaylee is cool, in case you didn't notice ^^ I miss talking to you girl, hope you're okay! ^^ xoxo
win. Have a safe flight to OKC.
Umm not that i just had a water fightt. Smh im so childish lol
I can't stand people that disrespect their parents..
your finally on twitter so why don't you follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
In the spirit of #musicmondays everyone FOLLOW music producer and sperantsa supporter!
On my way to San Fran to meet more young aspiring stars.
IM BACK BITCHES!
NYC is the easy choice for institutional and foreign investors who were burned investing in secondary and tertiary markets in the last cycle
Why does it always seem when your Dog-ass tired from a day on the run. When your finally able to catch some Z's, suddenly your wide awake?
OMG. Lol. You just made my day.
Monday, April 2: Tune into C-SPAN at 9:15am ET for an interview with 3rd prize winning film maker Avika Dua from Walnut, CA.
Welcome to the future of news~! (Don't worry—I'll invoice you for this tweet!)
#Aries generally are not looking for a long-term relationship, although at times true romance does happen to find them.
I actually saw horses crossing at a Horses Crossing sign in G'Burg.
Should I trust what my dreams are telling me?
Looking forward to seeing you in Indianapolis next week. Stop by and say hello, stay for a drink or12.
Almost time to watch my girl #AnnaMoon on #BodyOfProof 2nite! So inspiring :) #teamVictory!!
It's like 2.5 boobs per minute on that show. In the 20's apparently ladies were topless all the time.
freaky as she wanna b .. ima let ha gone in b .. she can b ha self any time dat she get wit me
of course! How you been Ms. Chavez?
OJ is what happened to the grizzlies. Fucking free throws and OJ
Love the fact that they play New Orleans Bounce music on the radio in Philadelphia. These people have no idea what they are listening to.
Thanks for the RT!!!
Indeed I do!
i havent tweeted in a long time.
New on tap today, Union Jack IPA. We loved it in bottles, we worship it on draft.
The Eaglets are some real classy girls to end up on The Dirty lolol
What other members of congress and Candidates support #Occupywallstreet #OWS ?
RT : wait. So I can et a membership for three whole months for $99.You can ise the gym 24hours 7 days per week.
Fyi, some of Daglow's design materials for Utopia are in the Strong Museum's archives (Rochester). Fun to see the screen templates
Home now! Going to have Christmas again!
It's such a beautiful day in sf & I'm almost over my cold...yay!
Rule #8 the money is in commercials. Go get it!
Keep calm and carry on
Will Chase Budinger leave All-Star weekend to go jet skiing for a couple of weeks after this, too?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Looking to hire licensed female thai massage therapist. Please email for more info
lol! Have fun(:
BOTH CREWS SAVED ! Oh my gaaaawd <333
Sumbdy txt me
Glad you liked it!
imma give u the tracking number lol
Bad idea to wear my TR wedges to the infield tomorrow?! I can't decide!!
Good morning Brian...hope your havin a good week so far. Just wanted u to know I was thinkin bout ya. Hugs!! Lynne
that's insane! Lik who does that?!
Several #HealthAffairs articles indicate higher valuations for metastatic #cancer and end-of-life Tx
thanks for following my new tweeps!
I had to leave early, I'm feeling sick :(
SepiaTownsperson P4ugo just uploaded a great set of images of Arkansas to SepiaTown. Check them out and add you own.
#20FactsAboutMe I wish I could change so many things about myself..
Like I said, I'll try!
i'm just a dude from the northwest who sings in a band, writes poetry and takes pictures of pretty trees. you asked.
An actors senses have to be alive at all times.
Agree. Completely. RT : Life is too short to put any energy into the negativity others want you to participate in
Looks like people everywhere are scraping their windshields with everything but a scraper. What object do you use when you have no scraper?
when the cat is away the mouse will play? Sadly I'm working with the game on in the background.
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
The fans attack her first. She just has the balls to defend herself. At least that's my perspective.
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be raising from the ground
Go follow my new twitter :p
haha watch the replay. He didn't even try to get in front of the ball.
is my babe. she makes me horny.
All Marble Restoration is a leading marble restoration company servicing areas in West Palm Beach, FL! Follow us for more news!
Experimenting with recipes for my Tea Party Business. I eat them anytime of the day. Looking for really different recipes.
Drenching your food from BaBa's in BBQ sauce >>>>
hey spammer atleast try reading about people before you spam'em to make your pitch more effective. Fyi, I AM my own boss.
Dr. Viktor E Frankl~ The last of the human freedoms - to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances to choose ones own way.
Factors prior to the 20th Century often had to warehouse and sell the goods they were consigned.
“: Southern accents.” what is a pretty spiffy album by Tom Petty.
very cool and oh, wow we are old!
Long: "winning teams have high expectations of one another, they practice to perfection and have enormous confidence"
have a great day!
Polo On My Body..
dude call up Paul Maslin at PM Woodwinds.
More than 90% of seniors who enter Transitional Housing Program successfully transition into permanent, supportive housing.
yes. open house party at your house. (;
RT : I have just been trying to figure out dinner....
.21 days till boyfriend .<33 Can't wait excited .
Learn everything you need to know to prepare your mind and body for the amazing pregnancy journey at the April 28 event.
Are they hiring profs who specialize in "The Last Thirty Years"?
Ditto! :D
Lux condo's for sale in South Florida, contact us for more info
Pretty sure it will be free. However, if you DM us your address, we'll send you a fun thank you for your input!
did amazing at her fashion show! Great job love you<3(:
Why does God keep making Gay people? Because he is a Democrat and wants to fuck with the Republicans!
Camel, pushpin, alphabetize. Take that!
awe thanks babe I like it too
"In my town, the sound of dragging knuckles is normal."
Enjoying my day off. Watching some everybody loves Raymond.
Follow the yellow prick road
If I have to read, analyze, or in anyway watch critical film theories, I am going to go postal...this means it's time to watch MST3K! YAY!
I love your default picture! soo chic =)
MEHNDI WORLDS: Wedding Hairstyles for Long Hair Trends 2012
9 days left until c-mas......
Surprised captured SD GOP endorsement so easily. That's a big win over Dumanis and Fletcher. This race is really heating up!
I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in.
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION behind you all the way!! GO DD AND PETA GO!!
No u weren't keep it real.. u gotta make a buck, I understand
Went with Imogen to watch part of the #LAMarathon this morning! It was awesome!
I used to be a student like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
Love. The best or worst feeling you'll ever feel.
okay... Do you remember the strawberry shortcake cartoon char? I loved her.
Fa Sure! The custom line will be crazy!
Bonjour ! We absolutely will! Be sure to follow ! Merci
going to bed. Later, bro.
sounds good!
Why do Friday's seem the harshest lately? Used to be they were the mellowest.
Yea ! NP ill say Hi if i see ya next time .. Come to Halo Friday ! Check ur messages btw
I hate that!! --->RT: Standing extra close to me while waiting in a line is not my thing...
why you gotta crush my dreams like that, Brit? :(
Sporting is handing our Garmin GPSs at their company xmas party....is this a sign?
So this is what it looks like to actually watch a game? Man Ive been missing out...we look pretty damn good
i took up on this couch at around 9 am this morning for revising this lovely paper. with a few breaks between, here i still am
Oh, I will tell our hostess that you're in love. :)
who's Cat fav Avenger?
I need to change my bio.
Got my bag full of goodies n pulled out my debit card, dude sd we dnt accept debit. Really?? Its 2012
: Like with all freshman, you should be doing more studying and less Jell-o shots. Also, cut back on listening to The Verve Pipe.
I'm definitely already at the "I don't care how I do anymore" stage in my studying..
Thanks for spreading the word about LePeep coupon donation to Indiana AIDS Fund! Appreciate your support!
so scary! And sad - article said they had to put 500 down last year because they had no fear of humans
Heading to Vegas for #Kobalt400. Look forward to hanging out with team.
I wish i cared who wins the world series
hope you're feeling better man! Awesome show last night. Gave Jon a picture to give you, hope you got it...
and some would argue it's been expanded.
BTW let's qualify for state
Haven't had homemade in years. Good for you!
Someone is here yelling up the elevator shaft at me. I told them where I thought I was.
If you ignore me cause of you wack ass boyfriend...
What we do in LIFE, Echoes into Eternity!
She's in a better place now & isn't suffering anymore! Love you Domii. Stay strong <3
there has to be a better way to remember all of these passwords. if you use the same ones - not secure. can anyone help an old lady?
that is awesome indeed!
Shake it to the floor!! grabb that monkey!!
love your show i watched it sicne it firstarred
Keep me on your list, will be glad to tell you all I know about BR
why do I want to sing "I wear my sunglasses at night?" :) or "I"m sexy and I know it?" Nice shades. ;)
Not for nothing but Santorum can't win the general and Newt is cool but doesn't have the money or wide enough appeal. ABO
Saw this Youtube comment: IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO VOTE HIM IN, THEN WE WILL VOTE HIM TO POWER HERE IN CANADA. RON PAUL IS GOD
lol. Im teaching that to jocy
I find the term nerd offensive. I prefer the term intellectual bad ass.
lol u talking bout R truth?
urrgh, school - tomorrow
Edson Barboza, Terry Etim Knock out of the night!!!
how long u been in washington
If this holds up, there's no doubt//RT : Dicky V's on board. Who's next? RT : Did someone say LSU vs Oklahoma St?
Gov dont let the people down you have a chance to create jobs and bring oppotunity to az sign hb2127 dont pigeon hole it again
Students Need Jobs
Hope everyone has a great Friday!
HA Prichard and his critique of moral philosophy/ intuitionism can run and jump
Looked inside the bag Coop packed for the beach and found that he packed his baseball glove.
i back this hard. not the penguins. all of these amazing people. go bears.
I was actually surprised that you enjoyed Never Let Me Go, in my mind that book seems more "girly"
Anyone remember the giant rainbow parachutes from elementary?
thank you as well! Right now everything is 50% off or more! :) ;)
Play is how kids learn to exist in the adult world.
One person in this convo has been home by 3:00 almost everyday this week. I don't know about u Drew, but it wasn't me!
I was gonna say it myself but I held myself back ;)
yeah!!!! I'm from Indiana!!!:D
My fave way to start a letter: "Dear Sir: This is a request for information under Indiana laws on open records." It's like magic.
Wait which ones Emily?! RT : Holy crap! Emily from this season's Bachelor is sitting right behind me on the plane.
haha you in class?
Good day! :P nothing lyk the usual day at JHS!! ;)
RT if you love your fans from all around the world. :)
Thank you all for making this last hour fly faster than even I am used to. It's been fun. Now I have to get back to my layout work
is that good or bad?
its not wade, its about chemistry. Id start shane battier at the 2 & bring jason terry off the bench. They'd win a ring
My dog made my sliipper her pillow
yea I know I can't wait!! You comin along right?! ;)
Of course it'll just be between us. I won't Tweet about it.
should a child have to have a business license to have a lemonade stand?
You're welcome! Just don't make me regret it! :)
We were out of the office all weekend (& yesterday), so we've got a few nice things to say about some more #followfriday peeps. Stand by...
Thx, JenEJ! Already having a ball!
Sandbags, Storms flood movie equpiment emergency management prepared ness Missouri water government
Tollway says online comments, and written and oral public comments in hearings were very favorable to the plan.
Would you like it if they live broadcasted EDC like they have with Coachella & Ultra?
Oh, and one more thing: A big thanks to my UCI and CSCW families. Thank you for all of the support today -- it made a world of difference.
i'm staying with you the whole time in june! :)
hi RC happy wednesday to you
Bachmann: "I asked Switzerland to become part of America and when they refused I canceled my citizenship. I can get my chocolate at See's."
Meaat a bad bitch white wine
Looks awesome; take more pics. I'll have to stop by and check it out later.
well good morining now(: im from fresno ca what about u?
I'm not living right, I'm not living life, I'm not living if your not by my side.. <3
thanks for the RT!
#QUOTE May the God of hope fill you with all joy & peace in believing ~ Romans 15.13
By the way, how much is UCLA paying these recruits? How you gonna get THAT kind of recruiting class after the past few years & the bad pub?
59k in the triple chance 2 levels to go running hilariously good
Thanks, following, #dogood #donate be a #changeagent!
The movie??
Thanks for stopping by to celebrate the weekend, our anniversary and #4sqday with us!
Working while packing for London.... hope I escape before the snow hits Seattle hard
#10thingsthatareattractive playing an instrument
I will NOT be dumb enough to disclose when and what the post meal munchies consist of..
Wow tonight's tour sold out just now, last minute rush! See you tonight and if you isn't get a spot see you next week!
is projecting a Romney win... is still covering Santorum speech...hasn't projected winner yet.
ugh I am in :( time to get rid of the chub chub
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
I love my bitches. They make my day(:
that makes perfect since! That;s totally acceptable.
Looking for Windows File Systems Developers and SQL Server OS / SQL Kernel/Replication Developers email for more info. #ntf…
Some people sure are creative with their twitter usernames! -Jared
is *mostly* cross-browser compatible! going as far back as IE6!
yeah, they didn't handle it well at all but it's no big deal really. Eyes on the prize!
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -Zig Ziglar
Sorry my account was hacked for a bit if you received spam from me im sorry :/
Follow HE FOLLOWS BACK
stay in touch! You were great!
I'm guessing most people didn't think #Iran would impact the 4th quarter of Game 6
They be raping everybody at tosh.0!!!!
i survived! Home in PJs and drinking tea. Nice work for an Irish man, me thinks!
looks dangerous ;)
Do not be surprised! The tree never looks like the seed!
never say never~
dam it sucks to be a bulls fan might aswell jump on that heat bandwagon
@ @ lmao i knew u was gonna say that shyt u need to change that twit pic lol
Pretty intense week filming on Manic Mistress. It's crazy having them not tell me how to play the character - guilty or innocent.
i would try to help but i have 3 followers
RT : RT #Selena #RIPselena she was NEXT LEVEL in the music industry.
Maybe she will. Do you have a problem with strong Black women? Cuz I wanna know if you do.
follow my new page im deleting this one
I can't stand people who were born on third base and think they hit a triple.
Just saw you guys on Last Call...now craving tacos...so where is tonight's last call? ;)
Ey gurl, you're one-in-a-million...(there are roughly 700 people exactly like you.)
People keep saying I've 'changed' not really I just met new people
Dale Hunter will now serve as a consultant for the Celtics during the rest of the playoffs
Will there be internship opportunities soon?
I secretly think Nils is hot (via )
I hate Texas.. I need to move somewhere cold. Too much sun, heat, and Stupid people.
First six seasons of Mythbusters free on Amazon Prime. Well that expense just paid for itself...
i would like to understand this.......
great time in NYC w/Inside Straight and recording new record. Big ups to everybody!!!!!!!
Freaking HOT I just can't even explain how I'm freaking out right now!
stupid ass hangover Smh Man lol n I got so much HW to do
I think my dad worked for you at Mason Co Jeff Hinson? He talked about you a lot when I was little lol in a good way!!
is it on ESPN ? Time ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Been flying in a Cessna but i wonder what it would be like to fly a WW1 fighter plane , i guess you could say i'm bi-curious
that's just creepy. if you didn't see that from Jessica I don't wanna know you anymore D:
lol. Im doing well, and yourself?
there are some real winners at the bar right now making me appreciate even mor that I never had a traditional college experience.
#ff one of my new followers spittin some good wisdom
Watching #NICKjr with my wittle sister! Those were the days, when I used to watch this! #BLUES CLUES AND #DORA ALL THE WAY!
is over. Disgusting. :D
to be completely honest, I thought you were like 29-30!(:
Reading this website!!!
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou simple God, My family, and my real friends
#WeLoveYouWhitney you will truly be missed
anything put together by people is going to have errors, and then there's where records get sketchy and one gets ...
I painted the words, yes. I'm going to print out the picture (it's my moms) an put it together and frame it!
As it turns out, it was smart to plan our layover in my hometown
Mc'd deluxe breakfast on point!! :-)
Day 2 of #C2E2 ! Come see us once again at J-14 in the Artist Alley ! Also buy art from the bearded aristocrat
“: You are one in a million<3” imagine Austin actually saying this to you(,:
Happy birthday the the best person ever lol
I'm still sick. Stress really does a lot to a person.
Crazy but fun night. These are the moments when you just can't help but be thankful for your
Fucking Ballard has been fucking us! CATCH THE BALL!
As Spartacus ends, Game of Thrones begins. Life is good.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it.
agreed.... 70 million customers around the world... If not more...
As leaders, we all want our team members to move forward with a presence of inspired certainty. Dean's post tells how to get them there.
He's right, I'll do anything to take AB's away from Reimhold. RT orioles could make sense for abreu, who wants to play 2-3 yrs
only becuz i know ur taste muzik too well
Russ, man damn! you fake -__-
Very interesting point guys....hm....
Lol your welcome ! :)
Thank you for the RT! You are now entered into the drawing!
he stopped liking beautiful souls of girls lol
I heard the Lord Mayor was involved as well. Is that so?
is the best thing ever!
Looking forward to a busy weekend -Lunch w/ , party, BBQ with friends, photo shoot, and hopefully a nap somewhere in there whew
how the hell are you there already!
Like Your Historical Fiction safe or real? Gritty GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle Amazon. #Civilwar #Hooker, women in camps.
Our very own Matt Esslinger will be speaking about increasing ROI using multivariate testing #socializeconf Oct 21-22
Happy birthday love you!
thank you!
I DONT WANT IT TO END
yea right? Have u tried adding me yet?
How come Ryno good enough to interview in person for team that just WON the World Series but not the Cubs?
it only took me 3 weeks.:) ahaha
oops! hope that gets better!
Who do you call when you know that Batman's Batsignal is not real...
Let's go big d hold them
Definitely chose my career by math needed RT : Uh oh is making us do math! Calculate customer lifetime value
Eat cheap week starts tonight. Retweet this and you could win a free meal!
Got my septum pierced :)! <3
On what planet could this ever be better? Clearly not this one.
Earl Buys performs solo piano works by German Master Composers: #Bach, #Beethoven and #Brahms. Today at 2:30pm! Bruno Walter Auditorium...
Starve the Ego, Feed the Soul
Today I bought dried prunes
These fucking mini panic attacks when I get stressed need to fucking stop .
Gov. Scott Walker (R), WI, is met with his 7th day of massive union opposition toward his attempts to eliminate collective bargaining.
Our kids are working hard for their Spring Showcase on April 26th! They'll be out showcasing the awesome skills they've achieved.
thanks! Excited to learn :)
Nothing like going shopping and only spending $14 on $36 worth of everyday stuff with
Just saw Santa walking on 26th and sheridan
Silence on matters one knows not. Wisdom too rare.
Major congrats! Do you know who you'll be working with yet?
Salsa Saves Lives tomorrow 10am-2pm! Free chips and salsa and ice cold water while you adopt a loving pet in need.
yea...the big guys in white coats make me take them....they say it's good for me. RT : um meds???
I already do, go me!!!! I'm so excited to see you at warped omg????
Just Because That's Your Close Friend... Don't Mean That's Your Real Friend...
see u there!
#FunFactOfTheNight Kevin Durant is really good.
Very wise: Dont be so arrogant & extra picky with your mate..The best way to cherish & love something is... Imagine you lost it
OMG great news! And I'm coming back for a few days this summer to see some family/friends :)
#zodiacfacts do Not exist
All I want to do is to sonify my tax data (instead of doing my taxes).
don't complain!
ok i did
Impressive. Dark Knight Rises is gonna beat that though.
followed. follow back yeaah?
Okay, I think me&kelsey just about died laughing at Niall's expression... Sydney:" Teeheehehe Niall! Omg!" him: O.o
so sad about the VT teacher that was killed tragic
me too.
Future of museum's bright if we remember it's about the message, not the medium. Hence this tweet- in- ink, on paper.
Are you serious? If the Yanks or Phils would have won, I would NOT have watched. Now I will since Yanks/Phils aren't in it.
Dear man on the subway! Thank you for making the train ride hell for everyone else with your loud ass music! You suck! Love Matt <3
Head of Daytime One Life To Live - Julie Madison -final 4 months of filming. Last chance to get on the show!
Wow, at 999 followers now....Who is going to be our 1,000th?! :) Thanks for following everyone!
We gave in and bought a mega millions ticket. First time ever. If I win, I am going to... probably hide?
happy birthday dipshit, looking forward to celebrating this weekend
When you're ready, we'd love to share your paper on our blog too! Ping us when ready.
Aw cant wait to see yeah :)RT : Today will be a good day!!!!! Ready to support my ladies
ARGH THIS COMPUTER IS SO SLOW!
That was fun! And u reminded me that on occasion I can actually sing
along with Saunders last night
excited is close to being open
Soo unreal. Ill miss you so much pawpaw..
. does think prostitution scandal is a symptom of wider problem of laxity and winking and nodding culture at Secret Service
Welcome newbies! Did we mention that FELON FITNESS is available in eBook form for your Kindle?!?
Had a nice meeting with Hugh last week at your offices. It was nice to finally meet some of the #entrust team.
Are you kidding me Dwyane?!
set up and grillin, come on down bike to work day if you show me you road a bike to work to get a dollar off any sausage
My last MBA tourney for the season. Tomorrow and Sunday.
It's weird because I like, never black out.
yea idk my mind's being a bit slow right now lol
Nick Charles graced Baltimore with his integrity and talent ... and he touched the world far beyond .....
Just watched that episode.
I'm watching Words, Words, Words. When is the next Comedy Central special so I can hear Nerds and Helluva Ride with decent audio?
Not sure I want a program to confirm how ugly I'm feel'n :/ But hey, cool concept none the less
Kale chips are in the oven!
Hey. Sup?
they also make you fart
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy dom~ hope you had a zentastic day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Goodnight to you foolish one. Sleep well and dream--vague dreams of adequacy.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS!
BOOK stands for B-boundless and useful O-organization of entries O-out from K-knowledge and ideas
Thanks, Mary!
aw, shucks. thanks, max! see ya in nyc this weekend?
shit I gotta wear two to hold these bad boys down! Lol
Happy birthday ! Hope you have an awesome day! :)
that was so cute<3 lmao. I'll catch you some other time.
Get that rest beast! I'm there Sunday. Row 15 on the 5 yardline in a yellow monkey suit! After your 3rd TD, point up 2 me!
CP3 is letting me down :(
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. Henry Ward Beecher
Wow, big time...
Come get your pre-Valentine's day at European Wax Center, so you're looking and feeling great on that special day!
they are my dad's old collection. the $$ is going towards something for our family cabin.
Ready to go D! Heal fast, we are gonna need your versatility for the playoffs!
I'm just gonna stay single until realizes we're meant to be. <3
“: #Libra will reveal their sexy body in a modest way because they don't like to be a "Show off".” Depends on my mood...
Global warming my butt! It was dang cold on the bus stop this morning!!
Fantastic! See you there!
yo gonna watch mayweather fight tonite with my mom and her nd gonna be a crazy fight
atleast there are still the New Teen Titans shorts comin :) on CN
WT bloody F?! YES! Must see Wilson!
Listening to three stodgy dudes discussing merchandising at They totally don't get it.
I get annoyed so easily
Happy Birthday
The questions surrounding Shaq's career. Are the same questions people ask about Mike Tyson.
sometimes i think i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket when its not even there.
Yuroooo ! This YA Nigga TY Thee Human Follow ME But Anyway We Hitting UP The Studio Today &Coming Out w/ a HIT !
RT if you still Up.
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
love u too bro always good catchin up
: Very good photo!
where the same people<3
soo if your not following me or im not following you and you add me on facebook im not accpecting sorry
Opening Skype on my laptop after a 10 day break and it is FREAKING OUT.
"The present is the point of power" Jane Roberts/Seth
I really really really want to see the descendants!
It does indeed. That's why we're working to make prayer easier for all. Please see: www.birdofprayer.org
That's love!
We all want to see dance with you and talk about their new book!
its beautiful'devri :) btw I changed my username xD
Officially done moving despite the rain and cold :)
I didn't even know there was a Daughters of the War of 1812 group.
L found a bird this morning. Most likely it ran into our patio door. We're half way through Bird Watch 1.0 before taking it to the rescue.
I focus on NC politics
My mom isn't here today (not like that...she's on vacation!), but still proud to say "Happy Mother's Day!"
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
I think #oomf & I could've been cute but oh well.
Your home is much prettier.
have you heard about our top secret international super star dj at First Night?
UrockTour 2012 darichboyz Getting to the money 'Travel the World"
You should start Tales From the Apartment Across the Street From the Independent. But like for reals.
Thanks to all of our sponsors, followers and those who came out this past week, for a successful 2009 Indiana County Fair week!
People die every day here, Death don't play fair.
Best definition of Tangible Interaction Design so far lol "You create meaningful conversations with desks"
I found it on Elk Grove Blvd :)
he hits 5 I got wood. Dudes a straight up beast.
Do ya wanna? Do ya wanna wanna rescue me?
The Silk Tie likes Stu! If you liked your tie better would you show more of it in your profile pic? thesilktie.com
i unfollowed you back when we fell out like 8 years ago i never followed you back sorry :/ & i miss you too
Congratulations on the win!
Everybody knows, wants to know.
if you make it downtown again, we should make out. Or something.
you're beautiful, funny, good looking, "phi"erce, smart, talented and reminds me a lot of myself (: keep it up
Fantastic choice. Essie is definitely one of our faves.
I'm the definition of an annoying drunk girl
I wish I had sprint sometimes. This AT&T throttling fear is annoying.
Hope your day gets better :)
I'm really excited for you guys! My 2012 Resolution is to not let anyone throw off my groove and I know y'all can help me out!
Me to Stress free RT: I like keeping my life private and intend to keep it that way”
Make it all the way to Venetian to play PLO with 4 people from Winstar. Standard?
RT #SideChicks Need Luv Too!...S/O To All The Ladies That Found Out Today
Wats up wit facebook and the miley cyrus post i bet its another virus
I love the entire NHL playoffs. I dig baseball but can only watch the Yanks. In hockey,I can watch any game it's that exciting.
just saw a commercial for Esperanza Spalding! :o
I'm not going anywhere until it has been. =)
congrats on your #49ers. It's nice to see the red and gold in the hunt again
#Jimmyfallon jack black singing on how epic is that :)
Hi wish Bri was online!! IM LOOKING AT UR HOUSE
Makin slaps at the crib...! My beats BANG!!!
Thanks for following! Enjoy our tweets!
S/O to the Beautiful Ladies of Divine Adonia and the Handsome Men of Divine Adonis
Setting up wireless in Baileys Harbor for my parents. Woot! No more trips to the library pavilion for wifi
Someone should create transparent solar panels and use them for windows on skyscrapers.
Crikey, what a week!
for a follow back go follow
olive garden?:)
Well now I'm going to bed :b
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm going to eat my lunch while reading a cookbook. What? Don't you all do that?
ugh infected belly ring. -_-
Gonna miss you, Lincoln.
I miss on #Idol this week. Ugh. I still believe the wrong person went home last week.
I've gone through three dozen eggs in FOUR HOURS.
kitty snuggles and maybe a wordy dird, or seven
I hope cheerleadinng Try-Outs go well !
any thoughts on adding a zip/download link to ease downloading repos?
Taking the from MI to IL and really enjoying the ride!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets. Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you go
Attention Casting Directors......child actress/model looking for open castings
“ Hungry ass hell b !”
At Jim n' Nick's BBQ with Claire, Kaleena, and Sarah(:
What's a good site to shorten long links?
Congrats to the IU class of 2012. You finally made it.
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed.
Yap, see you at ICA and catch up!
It must be sports season or something? Well anyway, go sports!
I'm very glad u enjoyed it! I hope everyone will be able to analyze their studies w/ new method I proposed!
Words of Wisdom Wednesday! "It’s kind of fun to do the impossible." - Walt Disney
I've never been more excited to eat food in my life than I am today.
Hw the fuck u think twitter and facebook make u important u gotta put n wrk to get to a certain level n life u desire#real talk
I get joy from the littlest things
Falling asleep to rolling thunder and
Hanging at #jazzlinks jam session !
Tonight is our grand Peruvian Dinner with ! Who's coming out?
In a cab, with my fabulous assistant Leslie, on our way to the gift show! Gorgeous day in NY!
Song of the day: Burn It Down by Linkin Park. A step back in the right direction for LP.
If you click read more it brings up a screen with you in it and it says use code MUSCLESGLASSES until he returns.
get some people from crusade to go!
Why does hate, jealousy, and greed take over our minds and lead us to destroy others? When will we begin to live and let others live?
Thankfully, someone had the good sense to pull the fire alarm on this meeting.
how very Leo of that cat! :)
“: Do you think Snooki considers herself to have an old soul?” Great question! ?
yeah but I'm not first! lol
I went to it b/c I stopped driving and it's easier to transport. Should have switched years ago.
i'll DM him for you. :)
RT : Still in shock... Thank you America!!! You picked the right guy... Congrats You deserve this.
Ignorance may be 'bliss', but it's still ignorance
Yes! that's perfect! Can't wait now!
maybe you should promote voting for something that matters. I love mtv I'm a brainless,idiot zombie.
Looks like a big walkup.
Get to know ur breeder. If they hesitate 2 show u around-red flag. meet w/ ur pup 1 to 2 times a week til ready 2 go.
What we do for us, dies with us. What we do for others and the world, remains forever
changed my icon! I just made it! (:
If I had bonus features I would pawn the trophies.
I have always paid 1st month before moving, next months in advance. Usually if you mail it, it must be postmarked by the 1st.
RT : Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. ~ Benjamin Franklin
wuzzam my nigga i been fucking with kc...he was asking bout yu...check the vids on youtube geezy504...i been getting it in
And after the way we lost the lead and the game to them in 2010, I'd like to see that rematch.
Glad to be part of the conversation!
with the kiddos tonight while mommy works.
why tf isn't my news feed on facebook loading? I'm tryna see something!
You are very supportive and appreciated! Joe
RT Seven years, $132 million. Lions reportedly just gave Calvin Johnson the richest deal in NFL history.
you call it irresponsible,i call it life...now go get one
Formulating startup ideas for recovery of lost Kindles on airplanes... $AMZN
“: Thanks again to from Noodles & Co! Awesome catering for our session " Thank you Joe
Why do people want kids to act like adults? I think adults need to start acting more like kids.
At 7:10am was already number 28 to vote
don't worry we're gonna have a blast over spring break let me know when you get here
- great Liz! We still have a chance!
ur icon>life
Last years wishes are this years apologies.
I got a headache
"Plaintiffs have no incentive to assert the rights of the authors…except to…choke out nonprofit educational…fair use."
i can't even express into words how stressed out i am right now. january is never going to get here
that sounds awesome!
"Some people are so poor all they have is money."
Two weeks from today, we will be putting together another 90 food baskets. Help feed a family in need at www.feedchicago.org
I had a blast tonight... Good one in a long time
Why can't I choose what OS to put on a tablet? Or programming language to work with?
Happy Halloween Everyone! :3
Finale of #VampireDiaries ...yes it's amazing :D
My visiting mate just said "I've brought my Converse in case we go somewhere posh" you can tell he's welsh
Hm best place to be on a dreary Sunday morning!!
Hey thanks haha
Just added several selections of Mark Shearer's Through the Window album on the Stream!
I'm so tired, rr this morning, then went to jay sarg to turn in papers, now working at unos. Exhausted Z.
Volunteer Center of MKE will be here tomorrow 1130am-1pm. Info on corp. and individual opportunities. 2nd flr seminar room. Lunch served!
cool, when I get back from Haiti it's a date :)
Party Pooper! How are you?
Never got a tweet from before :( waiting for that amazing day, #theEliTes for life :)
like us on facebook :) www.facebook.com/mercuryinsummer
Would like to thank Sara, Katie, and Jimmy for making my night!
I miss playing RockBand.
We're allowed to throw pillows at Mom when that happens. Everyone wins. Except my mom. And maybe the cats sleeping next to her.
Making plans to pick up this year's grass fed #cow for 2012 feasting. 400lbs of packaged meat will not fit on my bike,
Attention all students groups! TODAY is the LAST DAY to submit GRANT applications. Please submit to
Getting ready to head to Berkeley for 's Word Up /Picture Out #visualstorytelling for #nonprofits. Who else is going?
Just realized I spelled "exhilarating" totally, horribly, incredibly wrong in a giant mass email. Like a boss? #notsomuch :-)
I'll be pullin for your gauchos. After watching G'town go down, anything can happen this year.
Man Overboard sucks though...
haha naw you look exactly like my friend kristen volk. So yeah kinda weirded me out.
UK can have Derek Willis! Padgett would have ate this dudes lunch as an 8th grader. Hope he sees the court at uk.
So crushed right now!!!
One more day of school left. FOREVER!
aw<333333333333 that's so cute!!!!!! :D
I want to hear all about it!
Make sure you follow - the newest member of the team!
Honestly, instead of expanding to Long Beach or DTLA, we should hire a researcher to do a weekly rebuttal to the Courier. </sarcasm>
thanks! Looking forward to tweeting with them!
He-Lo, world of Twitter! I'm new and excited to be here! As my first act on Twitter, I have to agree #WeLoveChuckandBlair !!
Big smiles to both of you!!!
lol Bobus roots for like all 30 NBA teams
Barkley says he is staying
Wearing a black maxi dress, red cowboy boots, and a blue flannel. Can you tell I'm moving this weekend and already packed my clothes?
its raining too hard...i need a cuddle buddy :(
As of today, Dead Billy's gonna be, like, a real thing.
we get in the most trouble on Mondays
Internet has been transactional, but today's internet is participative and experiential (where you WANT to go, don't need to go)
Shout Out ti ny new new followers!!!
yay.... See u girls soon
We all keep saying "Happy 4th! Stay Safe!" but what we mean is "Text me a pic when you light accidentally light your house on fire!"
#truth RT I swear I ain't never seen the Nword as much as I do HERE on the damn web....
Stay humble everything will fall into place <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
What a great practice tonight! We can't wait to see the #LTDArmy out in force on Saturday!
lmao haha I can see you saying that!!!! The teacher just stared omg I was like "wtf is going on?!?"
Let's get the UK on deck for sure. I'm excited to come back and hang soon.
#UglyPeopleExcuses. "Noo, I Broke up with him, He didn't break up with me!"
Yeah, it has been a while. Things are good. We should do coffee or lunch.
not you, dummy. <3
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Ha! I've wondered that myself!
Finally home from work
saw u at taste of rn. Great product
The people who respond the the "not random, iPad give away" tweets are the same people who wire money to Nigeria
Restocking the table one brochure at a time with
u think? I AGREE
Answer: Yes. RT : Question: Should I put songs from Xanadu and Flash Gordon on the next Drive-In Mob Mixtape?
"I am a victim of Jim's embellishments." Embellishments are the story. Let's be victims.
Lebron James has a dislocated "RING" finger. That makes me laugh.
Beyond Words, Beyond Sanity:Well said Burton, Well said. Once again, I am playing you on the radio. Up Close & Alone.
new vinyl, pt. 2: colosseum, king crimson/lizard DLP, pay the man/crack babies split 10", this is dancehall, music of mallorca
I'm so sick :( this is not ok. Trying to get some sleep then off to the hospital early tomorrow morning
Getting that horse in 7th grade hahaha
#TeamUnChurched discussion this week - A Return to Love. Join the conversation! You are only on thought away from transformation!
I just want to go home and cuddle with my cat.
I put the song up. Check it out.
aint gonna need no blue out
koooliooo i been there
Peace to your country! Or state!
ran into you a few yrs ago on a flight from dallas to indy – your first scouting combine. nice to see you on here.
Very interesting stats from "Median words in a Facebook post by individuals is 11 words and generates on average 5 comments"
lmaooooooo! Ya nutter. What time you work till?
"Peanut. Lookit that watch. God damnit "
Beach house in Newport beach!!! Whoop whoop! Party it up!
PhoneGap is an HTML5 app platform that allows you to author native applications with web technologies and get access to APIs and app stores
Sometimes friends know best RT Enjoying fantastic lunch So glad we listened to those who suggested we come!
hahaha yes! Funnily enough, I met my wife there. You should def do it.
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighth-grader killed after ignoring order to drop weapon was holding a pellet gun
agreed, if the treatment to turn it blue is changing the dirt, then its really NOT a good thing, both for safety and FO prep.
That Billy Crystal is so delightful, you guys.
Who's stoked on 's tour this summer, will get naked if you pack all the oregon shows
RT : RT : You also take library books back before you've borrowed them.
thank you Sean!
The legend of Brooks Conrad starts tonight?
some weirdo has been stealing all my mayorships. They took the fish tank!
do you scream ? I do! The bigger the bug the louder I get!
What would you say to me if I told you that you could easily earn two million American dollars in a week with no effort, on autopilot?
Tell em Mike!
Phone in the yellow bar
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none. Thomas Carlyle
Well, hello You look amazing. The hair is gorgeous!
indeed fascinating. Wonder if the statue was inspiration for the popular movie pose on the bow of the ship
Relationships should be based on age and love.
Is there anything better than the freedom to dive into a long, long novel? Personally, I'll be reading Helprin's WINTER'S TALE
Did the Clippers just do the impossible
The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up.
Don't you just hate it when you are waiting for an elevator and when it finally comes there are already two minivans inside?
Good luck! There is a very good chance you may get it!
I am shooting a photo-story. NEED 18-25 yr old male to play the role of a young homeless man, no acting experience required.
Nice sets last night from and Little Foxes at Hump.
Dear School, why do you have to sneak up on all of us Monday morning? Sincerely, you should start on Tuesday, at Noon.
listen to our ep, "summer isn't over" ;)
no problem! Looks like a good event. Will definitely consider it.
cont. - promote engagement, honesty and authenticity to improve business results.
The awkward moment your checking out a girl and her friend is looking at u.
There's a good reason the SPICY in the spicy turkey avocado sub is emphasized on the menu.
the best is stacking the bins with hundreds of Patsy Cline and Burl Ives Christmas LPs to make it look like he has an extensive collection.
Hey Moms, thanks for everything you've done and will do.
Missing the ice machine at my dorm. Man that thing was likely teeming with the nastiest of filth, but I could use some ice right now.
50% o US smartphones are Android, says comScore
ur so gay I just texted u lol what's up
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline. Use caution in this area.
I'm starving. I'm about to run this mile by myself and go get a burger.
“: thank you so much for the follow! (:” Thanks for following me=) xox
First 5 to tweet me an ":D" gets my number I'll dm it to you(:
I'm black yall...
Day one of the WEDI ICD10 forum is in the books.....The theme is: medical codes in ICD-10 are the business language of healthcare.
#mubb fans in full cheermode at the game... coming across well on the tv!
We are not sure what gives... but be sure that we will share your comment with those who handle that area!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves!
Now I remember why I once vowed to never go to PIM on weekends. Too bad I'm reminded when I'm already here
At the IMAX about to watch hunger games. #stoked!
what if I wanted to hangout on Saturday? :(
just go pass your time to our time (: its worth it!
...now that that's done, let's talk about longevity. Let's talk about what happens once she gains weight or he loses that food truck...
Completely agree -- PHP would benefit from String and Array classes that replace the str / array functions.
let me know how you liked our service today
Long day, trying to find more qualified beta users for
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 36
RT : If you're not on the webinar about API's and API management, you're missing out on something special.
Mine is nice until it dries.
Good morning upper eastsiders. Wrong city. After days of drinking, the telltale signs of whose been naughty or nice will make today fun!
umhm wat u see on the teachers computer? ;)
Humpday Hi!! Last night put some more touches on pyramid helmet and silent hill nurse masks. I sure hope these things turn out!
RT : Q2) Do you see your own role in the organization changing as a consequence, if so how - type of work/what you do etc?
I want to know where the good eats are!
Mentoring is about not sticking someone in a slot but to try to find out what their natural talents are giving them room to grow.
#WhenAustin tweets with a wink face ;)
RT : Gov Dayton says calls to his office overhwleming in favor of #Vikings stadium: 966support, 141 oppose.
Take the hand cuffs off him! RT : Joker on Morgan: He fights, fights, but there are some things he needs to clean up.
RT : Enter to win 2 free passes to Restaurant After Hours 3 Just RT to enter-drawing will be 1/28 @ 4pm.
Wheels up headed back to "The City".
I strive to learn something new everyday. It usually appears in the form of a student. Gotta love it! I'll take it!
yeah, if you want shitty seats or lawn. tried when they went onsale to the public and couldn't get anything remotely close
Seriously? No one else but Chris Brown was available?
Should've tweeted earlier: CNN has the video of Lawrie hitting umpire Bill Miller with his helmet and Miller getting hit by a drink.
oomf really helped me out shout out to her
Baby boy got your girl so deep in love <3
: Saw your posts abt saints...my husband is a professor of middle ages music history and hagiography. He'll love the saints site!
Be sure to check out
Great weekend for bball
hates sitting at the barbershop.
Nothing lasts forever so live it up, laugh it off, take chances and never have regrets. Cuz at 1 point everything you did was exactly wh ...
Great tip for #hackathons involving actual code. Keep it together at for later indexing. Will share!
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn announced today over $4 million federal grant awarded to Rockford Solar Partners, a joint venture between Wanxi…
it really is. Gotta love Sandra Bullock!
so stoked for the new record! Gunna blast the shit outta it!
oh yes. That was immediate. Haha
76ers on fire!! Bulls are done for tonight!! They will bounce back!
RT : Texts from Hillary has been shared on 46,100 Facebook profiles, generating 172,054 likes or comments.
the californians are KICKING IT.
O!!! The florals look awesome!
To the ICONic Boyz :what their favorite brand of chips and whats their favorite sonq rite now please give me a shoutoutt??
aw man! thats fucked up, you better get some rest tomorrow lbs
Circle Furniture celebrates first downtown Boston store BOSTON — Circle Furniture welcomed more than 200 people to its first downtown Bos
Hi Chase! God Bless!
Breakfast @ Corner Baker
Of course I get to my house and see two cab with lights drive by. Fitting. Night all.
Tsk tsk tsk. You do know Snooki's pregnant, right? You have months of gossipy goodness coming your way soon.
Do you have turkey for thanksgiving or another meat?
Uhm...I'll just drive up there.
I was thinking of Playing GTA SA again i remember when it first came out
A BIG thank you to all of our 2011 #innotechatx attendees, speakers, exhibitor and sponsors!
Dude want me to sweat him but i refuse I'm and she never put sweatsuits on a mf
Friday afternoon - Prospective Student sessions for , & !
I appreciate the follow and RT! :) Have a great weekend.
this season....
Chillin but ain't much to do....cud always use some1 to talk to. Who up??
did follow you
Truth. MT : plz dont waste your $ on Mackeeper - all that shit is already built into your operating system. give me your $ instead
i'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
Woke up and can't get back to sleep :/
so i'll probably freak out
yeah, we are too, lots of collaboration & our lab will play a role in development process which will raise digital awareness here
Dominating pubs with and :)
That entire list is depressing. When I see a kid named Madison, I think, "I'm sorry your parents are giant douches"
We hear it's 's Executive Director, ' birthday. Great knowing you and the good work you do. Enjoy your born day!
Kansas will win. Calling it now.
Ha! She said she just wanted to watch a taping and "these were good seats" lol...
You should bring me a beer... :/ wine, blech!
yeah that is what I told him, I told him to try to do some education online, finish degree, then do private lessons.
Upper 70's and sunny? Seems like the perfect combination for a homemade #icecream sandwich from Sebastian Joe's!
The MisEducation coming soon stay tune!!
Oh, d/fw, you milquetoast transit sewer, how I hate thee blue carpeting and clackety clack tile floors.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher; and philosophy begins in wonder. -Plato
Nothing like Sunday football, cold skies and a comfy couch.
I am going to Vegas with my Dad. Can anyone tell what the very BEST restaurants are, please!
Rachael just threatened Lucy with the triple crown of punishment - 1) spank 2) go to bed 3) no Easter eggs.
Great to meet you tonight!
If I’ve said it once, I’ve said it a thousand times, although honestly I feel like I’ve said “it” a lot more than that even.
Hell Yeah. I miss the days when Front Royal had one.
Lunch w at parasons then hangin at the mall.(: then back to my house ! :D
you have to see the avengers! that movie is a buyer (:
Waky Waky!! RT : TIME to WAKE UP! Live w/ !!
Jennifer is such a fun writer. Reading Good In Bed now.
Congratulations to the entire team, staff, and coaches! Number 8 feels great!
don't count out the Urban Outfitter and the Scarlet and Gray "OHIO" team.
I am going to miss Angel :( sorry to here about her
Thank you!! ": Rochester Young Professionals' Speed Networking was a great success! Good Job #Connections"
not lookin 4ward 2 it. my knees and hands are killin me already
Your post made me happy. Love it.
wow why did they have to make ATM's so complicated! ugh haha
Oh no! If you can't reach her on that line, you can always call the main line and ask for her directly: 1-619-231-4040.
Berggren sinks another 3 for the #Badgers. Goinf to be hard for the #Spartans to catch up with UW keeps this up
Hey! That's awesome that you're from Rio! I've always wanted to go there.
Ice Cream Sandwich, yummy goodness for your phone and tablet, get the scoop
RT : How's the first weekend #scriptfrenzy going?
listening to knock'em out by lily allen
We MiSS U Britney !
A friend's house in Bayview. You in the Falls right?
Hell ya!!!
my single coming soon
Thanks for the RT, !
Get to take my bro to the airport tomorrow :)
: yo.. Buddy I wouldnt mind going along with you to go see the movie.
Duh! :) I need some good songs to get my ass through hour long cardio sessions!
I'm gonna take a nap
Eating sushi in Casper, Wyoming...preparing for our interview this afternoon.
oh yes! and was too preoccupied with fainting to grab the camera
Zap i was with One Direction
Awesome! Look forward to meeting you guys!
The blind still see, the lame still walk and YES, the dead ARE still being raised! www.imawitness.com
Any nigga that let a hoe in his house and touch his family is going to HELL!
from someone who doesn't evun go there.
It seemed like a good idea: she liked really masculine guys and I liked making big f*cking mistakes...
8:30 and it isn't dark yet. This is crazy.
Hey remember week 1 when they said Payton Manning would be back in full form by week 10? Yeah, that was hilarious.
Mint Condition singing So Fine.. Can't wait for Breakin my heart (pretty brown eyes)
's tongue waggle makes me laugh.
« Larry merchant need to take his old ass somewhere #haveafuckingseat dickhead»
Greg Crane, Tufts U: Citizen scholarship, the resurgence of philology & a global republic of letters in the digital new world. May 4, Paris.
Bow to your sensi...
I can't wait to see you at the under the influence of music tour in indianapolis <3
happy 4th of july everyone!!! come celebrate after the firewords and bbq roll up to MYST for the Ratio 4th of july party! cell @ 6028820317
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
Packing gear for swimsuit #photoshoots. Salt and sand can kill your equipment if you're not careful.
you think that now, them UPS paychecks won't do you any good lol
Have an amazing 2012!!!
RT wise processes from - When u have a problem - STOP & evaluate 5 thgs, solutions start to emerge...
Random guy @ pompano park said i have potential
still would rather Dempsey
Booking flights to Europe for a wedding later this year. So stoked.
Is going to the victorian fetish party after leah's bday- only our darling bday girl is passed out at home already poor thing :(
Movies with my baby!!! <3
is hoping tonights homemade taco's come through... saw a friend check in at #whitecastles down in Kenosha, I was tempted to make the trip
Final recording and mixing in LA next week to wrap up the new album. Mastering session getting booked. Holy Moly, we're close.
Good Morning. Starting into the 5th month of 2012 already. #let'sgetit
We love Rochester...even if Porter is a hater. Greatest city in the world....period.
bowling? Is that slang for something else?
The guy I'm seeing says that I try to hard on social network sites. The good news that comes from all this is one of us at least GETS hard.
Springfield VA looking bright right now even tho its raining
I have a mancrush on Neil Degrasse Tyson.
Make sure Firefighters don't have to crash your Thanksgiving: Never wear loose-fitting clothing that can catch fire while you’re cooking!
Watching the Michigan vs Nebraska game - Go BLUE!
Is delighted that the phrase, "event horizon" was used during a discussion in the Confirmation Class yesterday regarding theological issues.
Eyeopening remarks from on Congressional budget approps for int'l aid. Nutshell: Rep Ryan's plan = BAD & misinformed.
Here to help.
Wow I have been just a little ball of inappropriateness today. Geez, Taylor.
22 hours and 2 shows later we are calling it a night! Thank you to everyone that came to our shows today....or yesterday now.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap $25 per Ticket 480-352-0903 Page
Hello world... How has your day been?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
uploading pictures from our trip
I'm insanely excited for my Shakespeare and poetry classes next semester...
ohh man, #idolresults are on tonight. i am praying does NOT go home!
It's a code system that was put in place years and years ago internally here. You'll have to get our language codes in our docs
South Alabama's Lindsay Schwartz claimed the women's heptathlon title with 5,264 pts - her third SBC Hep title!.
The question again should be Who is framing the reform? What are the expectations? What is being measured?
Upset that yesterday #Verizon told me my phone would be overnighted to me today, but now I find out I won't get it until Monday
Why is it the Sith side seems to be a bit over powering?
Jealous! That show is going to be awesome.
how much??? Where it at??
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the reply.
Exam tomorrow and I'm stuck sleeping in the floor
Brightness of my Macbook & iPhone screens are killing my eyes! Thoughts anyone? Besides turning down the brightness or use it less.
find one, let me know?
Using #Autism in your updates would help bring more awareness to your rocks to people concerned about Autism and on Twitter.
thanks love! I got your entry!! :D
Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman? He's too cute!
Instead of focusing on the competition, strive for a higher level of creativity. Create the extraordinary, instead of settling for average.
Motherfucker You really Dont care for anyone but you self! are you that ignorant that you think ill will go back crawling to your door?
What does everyone think? RT : The best restaurants in the North End?
Really? They still don't get the same love as the pecan.
There's a much more delicious way that teens get drunk. It's called beer.
“: when is Wayne Brady gonna be there” < is here fri & sat
LIVE ON POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP-HOP LIVES--- MPHAZES and MATT DIAMOND FROM COALMINE RECORDS!! TUNE IN NOW! power983fm.com
LOL. I feel like I just got rick rolled...
So you want a mix of hilarious & average funny RT : Im not interested in you unless you're a mix between Donald Glover & Jimmy Fallon
lololol wonder what they look like
Act slow duh
Think ima make Saturdays all to my friends and I like whatever we wanna do each saturday really feelin ultimate frisbee
": "Our Idiot Brother" opens today! I love Paul Rudd. I can't wait to see it." So stoked!
This time next week, we'll be off to and our beautiful house!
lets link up soon Charlie
pretty sure at this point, they are one in the same.
Sephora will do that to you!
now THAT i have had...and that is so yummy!
I've submitted more SACO proposals in the past 6 months than in my entire 14-year cataloger career.
RT : Concluding the key difference between SOA and EDA is that preconditions (SOA) become post conditions (EDA).. loose coupled
Shout out to Alpana Adair who just landed her dream job--training & development manager
But then, both of those allusions will probably go over the students' heads.
Thanks for the mention, Shannon. Have a great week!
You are so welcome! Come back!
hi Julie I am Kelly's sister.
Got a cat on my lap
One direction cd released in america now Yaay! :)
bummer .... I ride to work when I can too .... Good luck with your bike. I have been wanting a carbon for a year now :).
Ha! You should bring it home down Milwaukee Ave. It's like a never-ending driver's ed movie ;-) RT :
"Stay stupid. Follow your unconventional, crazy heart." -Steven Pressfield in 'Do the Work'
I have flaws but I wont let them get in the way of success ..
I might...
Haha! Whats the best memory of ?
following nancy
Thank you, my friend! Good to see you!
Dem Rep. Claire Levy, Boulder, argues "it's perfectly appropriate" for courts to rule on constitutionality of laws. #edcolo "lobatocase
its that PNW Weather My Man...Quick Recovery1
i'm sorry but u shud look closely at the bio space given :O
niggas in they feelings
Soo Im gunna delete this Twitter and make a new one !
#WeWontWork if you talk bad about my brother.
Can we have permission to unfollow a library that just uses Twitter to broadcast 5 back-to-back announcements once each weekday?
Can you imagine the results you would experience if you would turn fear and skepticism into productive action? Just begin with one thing!
"if happy ever after did exist, then i would still be holding you like this, all those fairytales are full of shit..."
Chemistry went on while I was in chem today... I thus proceeded on listening to Caution Girl. I miss stereo, okay.
3 more days!
I've never watched a season of #AGT but I will say I already loved the first few minutes because of .
Chiana:Just when I get the comfy chair the way I want it, it gets cleaned and I have to start all over again.
It's Nice outside.. and all I wanna do is lay on a couch and watch movies
My geology lecturers always use word art, comic sans, or both. #peasants. Yes, yellow text on a white background is so fancy.
and theres NOTHIN to eat in my house -_-
Thanks for the update.
Now you see why I don't trust him
Tebow is not going to be a Packer..The fans will not allow it. We have the best QB. Why ruin a good thing
Thanks for following Brian! Love your fun profile "icon" Do you recommend those for all of us? You would know ;)
Girls Who Are Gay Are Cool
Sup wit u? Just pushing music ova here
On our way up La Crosse, WI! Hog Wild NYE show !!!!
Let's just say that this morning I accidentally followed in the footsteps of the female neighbor of and
Most improved award - Baby Chris
"Fish, an abundant commodity that permeates both bodily orders, the somatic and the social, exposes the facticity of norms just as other /
I got mad only because you weren't listening to me and it was mine.
Hey past attendees! What was your favorite part of WordCamp last year?
I like how babies remind us, how much we love each other.....
You know how said the baddest thing he done? My friend said "You will be in trouble by your mom now if she is watching!" Lol
Whats the zoning allow to be built in the vacant field near your new home? More homes? Walmart? Apartments? Check it out!!
At the spa,
Ah~haha Leo is my favorite.
Haven't been this happy in a long time. (:
Yeah, I looked at the card again and it really looks like it'll be a hell of a show. I hope they put up ordering info soon
Why am I such a fat ass? Lawl
Oh, Logan, where have you gone?
WE HAVE 4 DAYS TO GET TICKETS!! I'M GONNA DIE!
the Guinness shake is darn good. Excellent service tonight, too.
When your gonna give someone a kiss on the cheek and both people go for the same side and almost kiss each other on the lips
#onlyif could follow me.. #hope I would be like #YEEEEEUUUUUHHHH! (:
Think im gonna just pull an all nighter to finish my chem hmwrk
Just so gone and it was really good!
batteries about to die, so night guys!
WOW Jordan 8 miles for a 111 Cupcake! #Impressive I think that sounds like a great commercial :-)
Lebron couldn't get any rings if he played Sonic Unleashed!
To reduce backlog - less focus on the ideal, and more focus on realistic levels of processing
I wake up to find is on! That made me happy:)
yeah I've been out here for a few days
MVP votes mean absolutely nothing to me (and, if they did, I could argue Shaq was 3x finals MVP vs. Kareem's 2).
: question for both parties = do you aim for the center or the extremes ("the base")?
OMG it sounds like there's a fucking bird in our house
My prayer is that you find someone whose soul you fall in love with.
Now I have to sell it for a lesser amount >:((((
Thanks for the shout out!
I have bones. You have bones. He/she/it has bones... Lol. Sorry. Had to say it. Sure. Bones are fine.
Five H.S. boys in Pitt are playing what girls sport? read about it here USSportspages.com
dang um
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
Sen. Rubio says he doesnt "crave" a GOP VP nod. "The answer is going to be no" if he is asked.
not really a sneakerheads kinda kicks but... RT : like... wallabies, sperries, vans, and polos?
I think he says that about every player he gets doesn't he?? lol
Got my Barber Swag on right now! Yeah boi!
That must be so miserable.. =(
Master's in Budget Abandonment.
Can u imagine the issues...“: Ever thought about Bering Sea Gold, take guys out on boat & find nuggets?! #goldrush”
#iWillNeverTrust David Stern
Big girls need big diamonds. Elizabeth Taylor
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio TX.
Thanks to the internet, I found your NaN Cat, because I knew someone, somewhere, HAD to have put the two together.
#layoff news- #Hawaii: Money credited to the State’s Unemployment Trust Fund will be used solely for the payment of administrative expenses
Go Rammies! As if I needed another excuse to buy more gear
ew off this; blessed with SLEEP.
hey ppl, is $32 too much for a tank top?...
SWEET!! you guys are awesome!
4 days into #sxsw and Spoek Mathambo's set is my first keytar sighting. Improbable, right???
Shit well that depends on the woman big dick or not some women dont take no shit
Makes me embarrassed to see inbreds from my hometown on Hardcore Pawn talking shit about Detroit and getting thrown out...
BTW, Doesn't Philly have a fringe festival!?
Don't die :s
Why is Wednesday such a busy day on Twitter?
I wanna be a SuperWomen !!! Hahaha... <U+2665>
I'm wondering how long I'll be able to deal with my terribly cracked (but still working) iPhone screen...
haha read your mind like always :D u think im not even tho u kno we always have twitter LMAO n the concert too! ^.*
RT : Hahaha 's Harry Potter jokes are hysterical!
"You bring Kalinda to me NOW"
thanks for following
cus I get up there and laugh the whole time lol
I imagine so! What a terrific resource for the students to be able to access.
Inevitable projectile hurling scenes...
I'm So Proud of Youh - Drake LOVE this Song :D :)ILYShawty<3
No prob! Keep it real!
Hearst Magazines Launches &quot;Car and Driver Channel&quot; on YouTube - MarketWatch (press release)
do you have a good following? Don't mean to be a dick, but we're looking for people who can expand the brand.
South Park has extended it's run until 2016, who else is excited?
heck yes!! It's that alberta beef, it keeps us lookin good.
Cuz Black Flag is ossm,that's why.
Check it out -- RT : #BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
Up now
#FF Great people in the #jazzworld!
#FF to our fellow design allies:
About to watch Insidious! This is gonna be a scream fest
I just circled the parking lot 20 times to find parking and ended up in UP. Stop letting so many people in.
Colts fans are going to be the big losers thanks to their want to be celebrity owner. Losing Manning, one thing, but the others. Just WOW
I'm getting the "Janet Jackson's".
Haha I'm contemplating. Free angels game or celebrate my homies coming home from AZ. #touchdecision lol
Of course the week before summer,I gain 6pounds from these steroids.My doctor probably did it on purpose cause she hates me..
You should move there
good to see this account. Former student. Go Bengals
Just woke up from his his nap Haha. Since 5 o clock. Haha
you dnt like it
thanks for following us!!
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
So you of those weak people who stopped using it smh
yes I agree with you
haha I always do that! :)
jus landed in the A dm me ur email address
Congrats to UD football on their Iowa Conference Championship!!!
Lord. It's Honey Boo-Boo Child.
but at least Cox is good.
OMG!! Congratulations a MILLION times!! SO happy for you!!!
Miss Josie and Miss Aurelia will be working in the shop this afternoon. Come on in and say hi to them on this beautiful spring Saturday!
. Right. Cld see challenges moving fr one role to other. What skills did you pick up as staff that helped you maneuver?
u can do it!
Pet peeve...don't sing or rap with a mic in your hand, and all I hear is a TRACK!
A number of Yankees sport multiple tattoos. P Joba Chamberlain not only loves the ink, he's also got some piercings including both nipples.
Tenkar&#39;s Tavern: Playing Catch Up With Game of Thrones on a ...
great meetup folks. Thsnks for the pizza...
Telling a hacky joke doesn't make you hacky, not knowing you're telling a hacky joke makes you hacky.
Lord please don't allow this vicious sandstorm to tear our tent into shreds. We sacrifice a lot over here & this is all we got. Mercy.
Pls tell me WHY Jared Jeffries didn't make the shot?? He cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite. WTF jeffries could've stayed traded!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 at Westlake
let's do it tonight.
This awesome weather makes me want to camp!
sometimes I wanna slap your Hero.
But is he Cup caliber? I think we will have to wait and see, but the early returns are promising.
Graduating appears with much more obstacles in the way than I'd originally thought.
it's been a Songs for Silverman kind of night. Thanks for that one.
Departures Salon at the Balloon Museum tonight was enjoyed by all! J.D. Huss told great ABQ aviation stories. Thx to Twitterer attendees.
I wondered the same. I kind of assumed that that's what was going to happen.
Love your music man! :) what kind of advise would you give to a young aspiring musician who wishes to make it big someday?plz respond
ok. You're going in the wrong direction for me to offer you a ride then.
looks great!!
Wow.....that would happen to me!
Twine seems like a useful tool, not just for fiction.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Tedious Film
clappinatme with no hands
Nice seeing on the Brebeuf field today, still can't believe I met him.
;P rifles An Airsoft Gun, Airsoft Rifles and Airsoft Pistols for Your Hobby
Got to vent and it felt good .
RT : Put a Ring on it.< can it be plastic..lol
oh, it can!
That is too precious! Looks they've bonded just fine, I'm happy for you all :-)
Claude Giroux head hunting, Cole Hamels intentionally hinting rookies..... You stay classy Philly.
I sweat out funky bass lines all day and night. No one can ever stop me.
Thanks for the follow back! Have a great weekend!
lol i'm okay(: but when #boyzareback Is on , i'm gonna be freakin' jumpy!
there's nobody else, it's gotta be you. <3
Guys~ If You think you look good in your profile picture, because your giving the camera the death stare? You. Look. Constipated.
#acrlny11 didn't know that EU copyright law influences US law...
great! be sure to follow us as well on twitter! we'll send you a DM with contact info.
night night twitter.... exhausted from work but a good night with all the crew# teamchicfila #team kimmiandsarah ;)
I think it has to with the mentality surrounding the party in 2012, combined with the tone taken in the video.
If RINO Romney wins the nomination, I may have to go against my better judgment and vote third party. Santorum the only real conservative.
I'm Mexican but I Got the LUCK OF THE IRISH
well, this is something. RT : you have 70 followers. No one cares what you think.
I'm so bored-___- having bin on twitter for a long time
why can't I ever find people on Twitter? Even when they give me their name/handle/whatever it's called!
Spent an awesome day Ischool discussing digital literacy and actionable data. It's all info.
RT : Thanks for the follow! Just got your newest menu in the mail--everything looks delicious!
- I feel your pain Mark - I had a couple weeks of relapse myself - but I'm back on track - You can do it!!!
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers! We can't wait to cheer you on thru the Post Season!
Hm ... Im trying to make sense of it all. This is gonna take some time...maybe a lifetime.
Get rid of everything that isn't useful, beautiful or joyful.
RT : The only person you can change is you. ~
Why, YES, this IS a Santa Claus t-shirt I'm wearing today & I don't even need to do laundry.
who is can somebody answer the q plz?
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, I'm sorry. -Robert H. Schuller
The weather and my house cooled down so my little kitty is cuddling with me again.
Maj, your metaphors are whack
In the dictionary under "Game 7, I got this" is Kobe Bryant. Wow.
home is relaxing. Watching march madness right now and flying out tomm morning.
Thanks for the RT!
God doesn't always say"yes" to our requests but from my exp, his "No" always turns into a resounding "Thank u Lord" down the road. Jer 29:11
We used to be so close. Now. its like I don't even know you anymore.
follow back papi
"I should try Coors again, now that I have a beer palate, maybe there's a lot of flavor I missed"
Mowing the grass is for peasants!!!.. but I'm on a rider.. so I'm cool .... lol
Lmaoo RT ": RT : YOU EVER GET A WIFF OF A GIRLS ASS DURING SEX AN AINT NOTHING GONNA STOP YOU? • <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"
Just signed up for #CreativeCups2013 at ! Now I just have to think of an awesome bra design...
Not yet. Been working on other stuff. Haven't had the chance think it through.
Sincerely hate when people don't answer
Oscar time! Looking at our snack spread you'd think it's Superbowl Sunday
Your tea cup gadget is amazing. Please tell me it's real.
great episode last night
me too
I know the girls been on this, but Love On Top go hard
PSU hoops star just rolled in to the to mix it up with
Wow! UCONN is awful! That might be the worst offensive sets I have ever seen in the last 5 min.
David Slade's existential tweets about the future are goin in right now
come back to Chicago!
but he got to fucked up bro lmao, ima go night night bye :]]]
We're having another #Consumer Day TOMORROW at the on the lower level by Sears. Stop by our table from 12 noon to 5pm.
I want to go to LA
Be out on the turnpike early with an edcamp sign. One of the NY/NE attendees will give you a lift
JSG new project = The Ten is a highly curated monthly online exhibit of ten photographic images.
still has to finish his sentence for the drug charge
Thank you VERY much! God's word IS precious! Have a blessed weekend!
Lmfaaooo , sorry ! ii can't tell you my age . ii was a star at a concert ? i got a VIP backstage w. Selena Gomez .
RT : Get off the bench this summer! Time to make ur training plans. Will u become an #Overdog? u will if u train w/ us!
LOL, you druggie!!
There's a chill in the air but we're heating things up with our $5 margaritas tonight! Be sure to join us!
Dude, run out and go see it. Awesome movie. You will NOT be disappointed.
yea I knooowww...(: lol for real?
I would love to help with their online dashboard UX. It's kinda not easy right now :)
where is my Samsung Infuse update!? If it's really coming by the end of August, AT&T better get going!
Is that the one with Bill Pace?
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet!
Well, that's the game. Score there, we can come back. Not without cashing in there. Oh well... I #believe-d... till now.
iPads are available for checkout to GSLIS students! Just stop by the and ask!
Being a mother is a privlage not a priorty.
Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
the nativity scene shouldn't have been put up, so I understand why the sign is up. Normally, I wouldn't like the sign up.
New tunes are sounding dope. We're stepping things up, get ready!
Yes! I'm gonna love the feeling of manliness I feel after I built it
I will pass this information to Putin RT Santorum blasts POTUS "hot mic" moment as "very disturbing." Mispronounces Medvedev
OMG, I just realized follows me! I'm so happy!!!
Max is doing good. Growing like crazy! What do you have planned for the 1st bday? It's coming up quick!
haha your good! But all I can say is I want one of those!!! That's like an explosion of flavor!
Also, we must find a reason to visit KY and check out LVL1 because they are doing some crazy things with it.
eye balls bloodshot red as hell
Wore my favorite t-shirt today to the UK library. Was warned at circ to be careful. Yelled at (booed) on ride home for wearing red. Ops
i'm a waste of your time? ohh ok.
Thanks for the RTs! , ,
Lol RT : Most #Libra's pack on the pounds because they love sweets, cakes, cookies and avoid exercise.
So hungry and tired I might bring back an old staple of my Mom's - the English Muffin pizza!
I spent it in San Diego with my fiance's family. :) ... And is this Chuck??
You are very right! I think the Forbes series was a real stunner to many people.
RT : My brother is visiting Chicago for the first time. He went to Twin Anchors tonight. So jealous. Must eat ribs now.
Will u said it before I could type it!
Good Evening
Why is everyone talking about crawfish today?
Happy Labor Day from the MobiDeals - Baltimore Team! We hope you enjoy your long weekend :)
Whos all in school right now wanting to blow your brains out??
Que mal.
I had nine or so, but they all met bad ends. Storms, coop failures, savage poodles. I keep thinking it's time to try again!
Hahaha... I know but superr true my dear<3
dopest fucking video concept ever. Holy shit. Me and are amazed.
The ignorant and the wise are both engaged in action. But their mental attitudes towards action differ greatly.
I wish I was perfect so I could satisfy everyone
once around the reservoir....
Enjoy! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I need a manager... no seriously I do! Have so much going on right now I can't keep up.
Watched it twice so a friend of mine could see it. He had no idea it was an upcoming series. As I am an actor myself, plz follow.
Thinking I need some audio books read exclusively by the voice of #PureMichigan. So soothing.
You give people the tools to do whatever they want and they will do it to the point of absurdity.
I'm gonna give my son the best life I can because he deserves it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Thank you to the Capitol Weather Gang () for their #SOTG2011 forecasts each week!
“It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.” – Helen Keller
Just arrived at the DLD-Dinner in Palo Alto - looking forward to an interesting evening!
Client's boss demands that we have a tour. Homeland Sec. involved. Fortunately, less invasive than TSA clearance endured to get to client.
Bethlehem! 12And may your house be like the house of Perez whom Tamar bore to Judah—through the offspring which the LORD will #Torah 91/99
Toby Keith and Trace Adkins show was great!! The Pearl is a great venue!!
Loving these : My mom taught me how to cook and play the bass guitar. She gave me the tools to be me.”
Happy Easter! Time to eat a chocolate covered jesus candy!
Shopping for tools with my dad is like shopping for clothes with a woman
Do you have a recipe for that?
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. —Eleanor Roosevelt
going to unfollow whoever is not following me, so late replies everyone :)
on top of my 2L bottle!
can u imagine if that cat never had injuries?
This is true.
clue what up!!! can u play that To The Top by Ja Rule off #PIL2? please RT!!!
Your coach is a shithead, tho
thanks for the support. Cheers guys!
At a great entrepreneur seminar with the ccet and tvc.
welcome darling! Yes it is time.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
timee for bed! Hello 9 am wake up call... :(
hey friend - good to hear from you. thanks for the love and we love you! and we mean it :)
THIS >> RT : I feel like Bristol Palin is trying to be and failing miserably.
Countin down the days til New Orleans. Soo excited it's unreal !!
": Assassins Creed I - You know Ubisoft are trying to milk that series now lol."
You can also watch movies on youtube also. Currently listening to Indian music on youtube! :)
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it
I SEE PEOPLE OMN TWITTER STEALING MY NAME, IM DA 1 & ONLY SUPA VILLIAN...EVEN HAD NERVE 2 SPELL IT THE WAY I DO.... FUCK OUTA HERE
action pay per view
only 3 hours away from game 5 cant wait!!!
eating my feelings this evening someone try and stop me
Nope. No one actually knows how to use it, ala "hater" RT : can i get a solid definition of what "trolling" is?
heehee..that's why u & I get along so well..:-)
Here's one to keep in mind: #Aug4 in #Harrisburg PA w/ , , and others TBA. Details when I find out:)
Clark atlanta is live...I love it out here!
haha, you dont disturb me, its fine(:
Yay for that. RT : Tomorrow will be better. We'll all wake up as non- assholes.
I'm thinking about trying to lose 20 pounds and grow 4 inches, any tips?
cut the tips off plastic grocery bags and stuff your toes in those, under your socks, inside your shoes, under wool oversocks:)
What in the world!!!!
That's what happens when you mix up your Twitter feed and your text message screen. Dangerous!
hush diamen lol I got to crystal house in 5 min doin 80 at 320 am with construction
Go ahead Portland, Close more schools! Make classes bigger! Kids these days don't need a real education anyways :rollseyes:
is now asbestos-aware.
Happy New Year!! Happiness, Health and Prosperity in 2011!!
crazy that we felt it!
Thanks. Can you tell your friends to follow him? He really wants to get to 1k
John Kerry, unusually pithy: "No supercommittee can succeed with Grover Norquist as its 13th member."
bet they just go with "Mo". Some Phillies guy from the '40s I think had his initials retired.
You know you're fat when you giggle and your tummy jiggles when you laugh. W/
coming out for Yolandas bday at Plan B?
the physical Rave Archive lives in our house.
On the road home. Goodbye OzArkies. Can't wait to see my girls.
Joe Walsh is insanely good!!! Go Kent This song, not so much!!!
Happy Happy Birthday to You!! Miss u Friend!
I thought Misery was okay. Stand By Me was decent too. But that's just me. :-) Have you seen them? :-)
SWEET! Today is a high of 54°F No lazy Sunday's here- Time for adventure! We are testing out some of our new #tour routes ;)
She think they gone beat her up n she scared
w.e idgaf....I shouldn't anyways...
Norway should change its laws! Longest punishment; 21 years in prison! Can get out after serving 7-8 years if good behavior! Outrageous!
smelling fresh coffee to finish work day :)
Wonderful weekend of local music, camping and characters @ Unistock. Look for my upcoming event documentary. #Loudoun music scene rocks!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"he got me gone off the dick"....more like woo we im glad he gone!
Date night at the movies :-)
sold out so quickly...you'd think they would pick a bigger place
I'm smitten with so most of my comments to her are like, "Bbbddeh...Pretty!...ggoll." Haha!
I wish i knew how to play the drums or the piano they are both dope instruments atleast i think so lol
- it could be the heat or you're not eating right. yeah, that's right. mama's tweeting.
Interesting idea, but the images are far, far more developed and complex than that. They also have a quality that seems to...
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Remember Hey Arnold? Rugrats? CatDog? Rocket Power? Kenan & Kel? The Amanda Show?... When Nickelodeon made sense.
okay, bottle. Sip. Bottle. Guzzle. I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle. Eh? <3
this guy is at my house to change our blinds and he keeps on swearing, its kinda funny lmao
Patrick Hutchinson :win a pair of #MarshallHeadphones? RT this, then answer: What is roadie Hutch's real name?
Do you guys get to keep all those cool shirts you wear? {jackets tonight}
Referees for Game 1 in Boston b/w the Celtics and 76ers: Greg Willard, James Capers and David Jones. Sounds like a three-man bluegrass band.
Do it. No excuses.
Right on! On a related note, I heard Manson was denied parole again today until 2027.
Headed for Jen Bervin and Derek Beaulieu at Segue.
no worries mate, glad you had a good time! What did you have to eat?
that is such a horrible thing to say seriously if you dont like her leave it at that there is no
Excited about using Logic Pro 8 software in the recording studio. Lots to learn, but ready to dive in. Music lesson slots filling up.
need blunts bruh
Stop by to see our friends from to win fun prizes!
#schoolmemories singing at lunch everyday with all the girls
Pretty telling that Vogel's out there on the frontlines, while Skiles sits stone faced.
Sweet!!! I don;t know what the fuck MAVTV is but I see if I have it. Online maybe?
Love SXSW!!! You should come out to Warehouse Live tonight we are bringing the most played artist (18) from SXSW Cody Jasper!
Google unloads an ereader that taps into its own bookstore. Will this change the fact that no one buys books at the Google bookstore now?
That's sad. Jonathan Frid, the man who played Barnabas Collins died last Friday.
I wish my 23 year old self would teach my 28 year old self how to flirt!
Had such an amazing time at 's lil sistas' music recital!! We should try to be as inspired by music as all these kids are.
If everyone stood 2 feet back from the baggage claim carousel, there would probably still be war, famine, etc, but I would be less annoyed.
Great seeing you too. Let's get that coffee soon.
Woohoo we're celebrating another WebDAMiversary! Congrats we're enjoying every day of your customer success managing
": RICK ROSS SHOULD MAKE A MIXTAPE CALLED "SORRY 4 THE WEIGHT""dat some funny shit
For you I bleed myself dry. Yellow by Coldplay.
Friends of the show called IU over OSU and said we'd be 'Tebowing' in January.
do we get free drinks if we come to your bar? :>)
We are 3 likes away from 200 Facebook fans! Share our page and share the Chevy LOVE <3
I DON'T WANNA LOSE YOU TONIGHT
UH-UH, NO WAY. Uh, pool party anyone?
RT : man i miss my mom
well a little after july when we finish the ep!
Yay going to Port Dickson today WE! mood: desprate :-)
glad you found it helpful! Do you have others to add to the list?
Gone head girl, claim yo throne.
Saw this eposide goin to sleep
Just starting a week at the beach. Bittersweet since my Father in law is recovering in hospital from bypass. But he's better every day!
wow really??? whos your sister
Watching Winter's Bone on demand to rounding out all Best Pic. nominees (except 127, which I have no intention of watching) before
Bursts of energy then BAM tuckered out. Waking up from a nap re-charged.
Waking up at 6:30 on the dot when I need to sleep in is annoying...
#Irene - Melville NY - Lots of rain. Some wind. Not nearly as bad as anticipated
. Quoting Yogi Berra "If you don't know where you're going, you are unlikely to get there"
Ladies & Gentlemen #Remede is where it's at!
Before came into my life I missed him so bad.
you got the same minion as me!
White Sox opening day. Let's go Sox.
Don't let your #RecordsManagement program scare you... #TheDataVault is here to assist you! Have a #HappyHalloween !
My Life a Marathon If I Die Today, Would You Rep Tomorrow or Will This Fade Away
Is there a way to fossilize cake? If not, is there a way to ossify, THEN fossilize cake?
I need a new job -_-
No problem, your welcome!
feels like an epic night is upon us.
What's good bro? You good?
ohh no, sick cats are so sad. What happened?
congrats on winning two junos!!!1 so proud of you! (:
Mormon drinking games: Jamaican style ginger beer shots, followed by a bite of a lime wedge. Thanks
spider where are youu!?!?! cant sleep knowing you're in my room!
#diving the lake w/ this Sunday then off to Florida w/ I've forgotten what warm water feels like
Who said anything about iPhones? I'm talking on my web server that hosts my email accounts.
Feb 18 recording list announcement soon. Have a favorite song of ours you want for full recording. Not too late. Leave your recommendation.
“: awesome!” I'm so excited that Brandi and Dana retreated my rap about the RHOBH! Letsclaireify.blogspot.com
On the game.
Smh I need someone to sleep next to thats why im still up
Ditto that!
You know it bring your mother,father.sister grandma to #bruins #2dollardraft #Denise !!!!!!
Yes u should. Streaming online free on Hulu. Watch it and you'll know why I just mentioned it. (But u prolly already guessed.)
As soon as a rival sees you as competition, you've already won.
Did you know?! " In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleaner-related accidents" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Ready to be off work, only 4 more hours! At least it's
u should listen to the atreyu version of that song...
Or go with real true friends who I don't have to please and they're fine with me the way I am. Yah I choose the second one.
so deep carla. How u been?!? Love the new track btw!!!!
Back in the US!!!!
“: I know i said i wasn't going to tweet during playoffs but i couldn't resist." That's why
Happy birthday!! I hope you have a great day!
how dare you! Rocks!
feel better!!
im playing prototype 2 and every now and then the walking dead
Anyone know of a 40" automatic die cutter that can handle 9mm chipboard stock? That's some thick stuff! DM me if you do. www.BRAUSSE.com
My mom has seen every episode of that show and quotes it daily...hahaha
I'm back, thanks for welcoming me with open arms today! But when is #naptime?
That's hilarious if true. RT : Cuonzo in play at Illinois? Only at UT. “: Cant be true, right?
Ugh. I got asked the "biggest weakness" question. I hate that one.
Still holding . . .
Oh noes! Hoping this research effort isn't driven by need to understand a real situation at your school.
History has repeatedly demonstrated that new companies and entrepreneurship are the way to bolster a flagging economy.
Who else thought the education lady on the career panel looked like matt smith?
NEWBORN KITTENS!
I shot a reply. Thanks for passing along. I'll see what it is all about.
I haven't uploaded pictures of my cat to fb in at least six months! What kind of a pet owner am I??
wts up wit u
"come on Lumpy, take a dump! Take a dump Lumpy!!! - new yorker yelling at his dog outside my window
reflection time is a creeper issue in this realm. Going to matter more and more
Reminder: This is twitter. This is not a therapy session.
woah woah woah Can i be in this? Idint know what it is though
Happy mother's day to all the amazing mums out there.
does the ac and heater work?
Six roles of moral leadership. 1 - the Needler. Robert Egger. Dorothy Day. The ones who say the kind has no clothes.
quick hood question: is sagging still cool? I've been waiting for years for that fad to run its course but I've seen it a lot today
Ha! check it out: RT : Working on another story with Johnny Gannon. He knows everything
Happy holidays gerlie! Hope they're joyful and full of sparks!
The rich caramel color of my joe reminds me of the smooth, silky skin of my last lover. I swirl it with finger only to watch it turn paler.
#cnndialogues :the regimes are saying: see what is happening in Egypt and Libya? Do you want that? She says YES!! Big applause.
Anyone have a link to Bob & Jim's post-game show on FSW from Game 1?
Goodnight World!!! Hope everyone has a blessed week :)
Did someone say Beer Pong? Tomorrow is the final game of our summer drinking games tournament! Come
“: Small biz are very, very cost conscious, too. They don't want to hear about what they can't afford anyway. #SHRMChat” true
I should be arriving in SLC late Wednesday night, and leave Sunday morning, so we'll figure out a time to meet up eventually.
The key to happiness: Stop trying to be someone else's idea of perfect.
oh you mean yeah he is pretty sweet.
I don't know how to help you. I don't know what to say or do. I just know that I am here for you...today...tomorrow...when you need me...
HiS FRIENDLY ASS
Did anyone notice the Aloha shirt. Gotta love casual Friday at the office. Hope that everyone stayed warm this weekend.
MT : If fact, can you name even one effective growth policy? //Not a Lib, But does Unemployment Count?
thank you thats very nice :)
About to be super late!
We are casting for the pilot 'Smash'. A NBC show featuring Katharine McPhee and Debra Messing. Call 212-391-4668 or 212-391-8483 for info
Where is everyone watching fireworks tonight?
If weed is ever legalized, the commercials would be so funny.
why can I not follow you? :(
If you were in my shoes.. you'd live life the same way
Urban Tour Host Team present last night at the Little Haiti Optimists, Opening of Postgraffitism at Cafeina and New Art Space on Flagler
RT : I want the US housing industry to offer highly efficient energy-wise houses as is built in Sweden. Plz RT
and suddenly it becomes a busy day. Trauma, adenocarcinoma, Factor 10-A...this is why I love working in a hospital!
COCOA HIGH SCHOOL MATE
GETTING READY TO HEAD OUT TO REJECTS SPORTS BAR!! COME WATCH THE PLAYOFFS WHILE YO BOY MIXES IT UP!!
already I gotta stay focus
why are people shooting at churches?
Fatty Cue on Carmine plus hooch-by-the-bottle plus weirdos plus maca powder is definitely getting weird!
Yo! Did you get my Facebook message?
thanks my man, the food and wine are quickly making up for it!
What comes around goes around like a hula hoop. (:
some vimeos don't work on ipads and iphones, but if you get to a laptop or desktop you should be fine.
Doc Harvard Park covers Darryl Strawberry's youth in Compton. Now streaming on Thot u mite b curious.
#agoodboyfriend is a man who believes in all your crazy hopes and dreams.... and learns to just deal with your crazy b/c he loves you <3
Have a good wknd...wherever you're at!
hey this is mandie. He is is jail u did not see it on the news.
You got that right D...
Thanks for helping me overcome mental barriers so I can enjoy my blessings in 2012
Sitten in indus tech with hannah:D
Of course! Did you scream!?
Critics expect me to underachieve.
Girls dont dress for boys, they dress for themselves. If girls dressed for boys, they’d just walk around naked all the time.
you gonna intercept that tornado?
Dear can you please inform your announcers that Bright Dike's last name is pronounced 'deekay'? Very insulting.
Procrastination could've delaying your blessing.
ya what do you need help with
Sure sweetie :)
There's only one life and one love so there can only be one king
": #MM My heart is overflowing with love for these people..." Clean up on Aisle 12 ... haha. Love you too girl!
Don’t miss happy hour (FREE drinks) at #PPAIEXPO booth 4353, 4:30pm!
beach with my cheer team! ;D HOW BOUT YOU?!
Rainier tastes better at work.
song request 'just came to say hello' plug it in for section 116!
I'm not positive, but I'm guessing you're in L.A..? ;)
"The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things."...
what day of the week is that?
Ladies free all night tonight
RT : One of the BEST DPR Events: 12th Annual Heart to Hart Tennis Experience at Southeast Tennis and Learning Center - Saturday 9-3!!
Deron Williams is out tonight with a "stomach virus" against Portland, who owns New Jersey's 2012 pick, which is top-3 protected.
RT: : I don't know why people like raves or go to them .
there oughta be a rule: no talking politics at the dog park.
All hail paperbag man
#SMASH TIME! Get your Uma on!
Hank, take your religious trolling elsewhere.
Traider's Joe I won't trade you for anything ;-) So glad I found you!
Scary and exciting, no?
Haha! I wish.
My bf out here looking like a bum...
And we are thrilled to have you back!
oh my god hahahah #shaking <U+2764>
Lt. Gov. Joe Garcia is lead-off witness. Says he and Gov. Hick both support ASSET bill.
Tonight would have been way more fun if it was ALL-INCLUSIVE like Big Night on NYE.
Finally got some pizza after 5 days
300 followers in two days!
This system has been getting a lot
hopefully tomorrow! I just got off the phone with Rora, she's figuring stuff out c:
Whatever Busta Rhymes just said.
Well I got to show off my clapping and smiling acting skills today. HaHa! Joke's on me.
Greinke almost hit one out-warning track to Left center
haha oh ok
Right on big guy.
RT Already told hmom I'm gonna stop diet. Besides I'm not slim, I ll get sick soon. My shape is very fat! Need an exercise more!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore? Try never mind. The Raven
Watching the jerzathon
#GoIrish Sad to see Aaron Lynch go but sometimes It's best to cut a man loose, even if he is a beast
Please follow as he nears 500 followers. One of our greatest presidents!
I've been listening to 's Being There album this evening and I forgot how great it is. Don't listen to it much. (Prefer others)
Will the #Yankees make it? Versatile Vander Pluym Brings Wide Range of Talents to New SPEED™ Show -- Stuntbusters CHARLOTTE, N.C.--(BUS
Last lab of the semester! Leggo
yep saw it too :D
Planning on exercising less to keep the hunger at bay?
I'm appalled that you allow users to promote death threats! I'm talking about the account Pull his account now!
I would if I could.
Was just reading a #SPED blog. It's remarkable how many people use #negativereinforcement synonymously with punishment.
Going to eat the carrots and get better eyesight.
whatever dog it is, it's better than yours:)
Ayo I'm tired of using technology
looking forward to playing Rockpaper this Saturday night!
D3, you come out. I'm gonna play you into the ground.
Damn somebody just bought a bottle and that bih came out in a CAGE!! THE F!?
Ive got so much to give, i just wanna share it with everyone! Get me somewhere people need help and wisdom. I wanna teach without teaching.
Sneakers say a lot about me, my personality, my style and my mood. <3
Humans continue to become stronger and live longer, computers are faster and smarter like us...both are still beaten by simple viruses!
very nice!! I agree with Carrie, Skylar!! “: You're amazing, girl! Now hurry up and get to Nashville!”
Is there any way I could contact you regarding cinematic music videos for your clients?
Gettimg ready to study :o)
75 degrees and sunny in San Diego today!! Jealous?
Think like a man , HELLA funny ! : )
happy fuckin' birthday!
If your on Spring Break this week contact me to the the EXCLUSIVE locations of our underground beach parties..
Thanks for the support! Blessings!
Nolan Fox has mastered riding a two-wheeler thanks to the Strider bike his dad won playing cribbage at my house!
I assembled it...American Girl made it ;). Merry Christmas!
Buxton, get Netflix, immediately, proceed to lost about 3 hours of productivity per day
Have a minute? www.knowledgesafari.com click blog. A reader has a ? abt #autism, a new dx, where to begin! Can u help?
man this grown man food... This food will tear the lining out your stomach....
You wouldn't like me if I was angry.
cracks me up that at my homebase bar, all the regulars introduce whoever they drag in to the bartenders.
Once you build a high traffic website other business opportunities will arise. Be open to make more revenue from complementary sources.
Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33
It is fantastic. I had a salad & R had this amazing chicken. I want to go back & try the whole menu. Relatively reasonable, too.
My 606th tweet goes out to just because She's amazing c: I love her :3
made it to the office - yay! Thanks for spreading the vermont love in SF on a friday afternoon!
we're cooking dinner tonight for a friend! any chicken dish suggestions?
lol i think i should
Small world. I lived on Klanggasse my summer at the Jüdisches Museum and walked by Rotensternstrasse every day.
Working on space usage of a new office space and test kitchen in Kenesaw Ga.
And if you listen to the podcast, he's not messing around. He's being very, very serious.
Thanks for the shout out!
Our Talent Show Dis Firday.,! :) Lets She Who Gotd Talent.,?
To be positive at all times is to ignore all that is important, sacred or valuable - Kurt Cobain (part I)
yeah! We can't wait to celebrate all the mamas with you, Fiona & Puss In Boots this weekend at Celebrate Mama
Doing the radio thing on Listen for the latest on the GOP candidates here in WI today, and Mega Millions!! Plus weather & sports!
Omegle, because I have no real friends.
Weis Markets offers in-store flu clinics
" I'll never get to lick him...."
Braces or no braces I'll still love you no matter what,I promise<3 #iloveyousomuch #Mahomie4Life <33
Father-son baseball moments are the best.
i am going to your concert in 2013 i love u
You're here?
Only If you hate dripping nanni juice on em ... Lol
see what God has for you - refine the vision - clear and accurate discernment via
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone. -- John Maxwell
they never like the parts of the Bible that apply to them
Currently using wi-fi on a bus in Hong Kong--a reminder of how much the U.S. needs to improve their transportation.
South Dakota has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'm always here for you when you need me, so why can't you be here for me when I need you?
I've got Skype on my iPod, that would probably work.
sorry I missed you! I went over right after my tweet. Hope you had a good time in #Boston proper.
I like how I get the severe weather text for the warnings at 12:45. The exact time that the warnings expired.
My sister ruins all my plans -_-
You are one in a million.
#ATL FOLLOW Up and COMING Rapper NOW
Rip Borders. :(
Place. Aerial. Play --- w Bong.
someone copied my debit card in Arizona and bought Christmas presents.... I am not happy with
2DC! now 1,000 strong...join the massive...Respect !
bought & downloaded the app but never really used. Perhaps I should give it a go, combined with IFTTT, thx for the tip.
Thanks for the follow Like your Rothko, too.
your so cute omg
Instruction does not prevent wasted time or mistakes; and mistakes themselves are often the best teachers of all. - James Anthony Froude
RT : An incredibly gorgeous day! Enjoy Yours, every miraculous second! It's all Yours, What will You Do with It? Lori Moreno [:)]
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes... #Christmas is all around me and so the feeling grows!
Day 23 with our a cigarette! Fuck you cigarettes!
nice to meet you too! Hope to see you at the next meetup.
Rock and Roll.A.Blunt..
It just hit me that I had some sort of dream with Braden Holtby and pho.
How did you know?!? #Expchat :-)
Me: I have a nosebleed Mother: have you been using cocaine? Me: No Mother: pussy
Happy Mother's Day #Milwaukee beautiful day :)
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live.
glad you liked my pic big boy! Sending an autographed Kobe Bryant ball to you right now!
I really wanna sleep I'll start it tmw I got no sleep lastnight lol !
truth is i like being single, truth is im lying :(
My name is & I like drake better than tupac.
waitin on the bae to call we got alot to talk about tonite
Hope everyone is indoors & staying warm! If you have to travel, make sure you have a flashlight & extra food and water in your car.
he already finished his homework
Hello, April <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
Christmas Countdown begins! Specials are here for you. We at Galaxy Digitizing are here at your services.
I'm free pretty much any day after six. And I don't know, Blizzard is just being a dick. It's all good, screw that game. :P
I hate how life isn't fair
Are u coming over or what?
The road less traveled may be rough and scary but still worth the adventure
Come on bro, I'm running out of patience ;)
This is a pivotal moment in our history. If Romney wins & the GOP controls Congress & thus the SCOTUS, darkness will descend...
Latinos Hate White Neighbors. They Always Get Mad Cuz The Bachatas Too Loud Or The Carne Asada Is Making The Grill Smell Burnt. Be Coo Bro
Just got off wrk and we r arguing already...I need a vacation asap....
thanks for taking care of Ashton this weekend he loves his uncle vinny!!!
Why do Seattleites complain so much about the weather? it's gonna be 55 degrees here today - and sunny!
Cant upload my video on your website can I just send you a vimeo link?
Def. noticed lack of the big man with the Boss. Rt : Thanks, LL. I rescind my last tweet. Good job,
Am I just a re - bound ? Like seriously wtf
idk if someone hates on Austin there gonna wish they were dead cus no one messes with my man..
its not a lie.... Haha
NU DTA & RUGUE ON DECK!! SH#T IS SWEET OVER HERE @ NWC GUD DEALS & CHEAP THRILLS WE HOLD U DOWN & WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Operationbirthday. Now in effect. It's almost here
It's #followalibrary day! Follow and
I ain't got no nigga, I'm throwed off that liquor....<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
keep writing good work Paul
44: You're a cutie(: Tweet me more!
Love your work. Please follow me. Fellow filmmaker.
and so is
having to get up early all this week <<<<
that scooby doo was the scariest show ever..
MISTER ROGERS ON TIME POLLUTION: "that our world needs more time to wonder and reflect about what is inside."
I didn't, unfortunately. I already sent an email to that address. Please let me know if there's a way to still get tix. Thanks!
hey guys I'm fat.
up watching this law & order #community episode... lmao.
Do you know anyone looking to hire? Just thought I'd throw that out hah--I'm looking. Pick up that sax and play on!
RT How long you guys gonna talk about "famous girl" and when you guys gonna realize they are not getting back together!!!
Let me know a time Fri I will be there!
If I know someone's fishing for compliments or trying to get attention, I absolutely refuse to give it to them.
Fresh out da shower
"...magical some might call it." <3
once again has interwebz at home. No more support group is necessary.
Five Spice Roasted Pork Banh Mi with foie mayo, cukes, pickles on a French Bag
she did amazing job
SHE pays homage to ancestors kujichagulia ujima she pops and locks to sweet honey & the rock
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time & see you.
I'm tired of seeing Mothers Day stuff... Especially when Fathers Day aint gone even look this.. Sad
Outta sight outta mind
#takeashower #lol it was the taco not me!!
I looked up my people in Wikipedia lately, after mentioned it. Recent edits had sanitized; you can guess what I exclaimed.
My sinuses are stuffy:(( ughh it hurts
tell everyone to bring $7.75 to the bookstore tomorrow. Who's paying for the extra shirts?
Too funny. Repub friends can't stand it that Prez Obama pulled trigger on OBL. One year later, OBL is still dead.
Romans 8:28- all things work together for the GOOD! Amen!!!
The West Coast doesn't consist of just California cities, you know.
Oh , I sense a little sexism in your #pintermission campaign. Did you know Facebook is stickier (i.e. people hang on the site longer)?
7 SEAS BREWING (2 Year Anniversary) Gig Harbor today : Beer, B-B-Q , live music by Perry Acker, Shy Boys, China Davis and SweetKiss Momma.
Thank you for the follow! Check us out On Music Mondays!
So according to studies a lady's favorite day and time for sex is Saturdays at 11:00 pm.
Exactly 100 years ago (to the minute) the #Titanic sank. Chilling, horrifying, scary stuff.
so clean!!
Blessed- we were wondering if u could bless us with a few drops/jingles for the radio show. RED ROSE @
Disappointing loss to say the least....Aggies, maybe you should have stayed in the Big12! Oh wait, can't beat them either!!
Wonderful FREE PUBLIC READING late nite!!! Great audience. And, through several generous donations, we received our grant matching goal!!!
All the windows are open, too.
Over thinking will ruin you..
RT : So cool! Over $1700 given today so far to help #cpstudents go to #shift2012 #greatful // Seriously AWESOME!
“: Thanks for all the support! Updates on where to sample soon
Sudoku then sleep, got to keep my brain healthy lol
if the teen novel DIFFERENT sells well, INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING intends to also translate DIFFERENT into Chinese as it did with BUZZ this yr
Thanks for the follow! We will be in your neck of the woods in October & November treating a mural
Mexican food for lunch! Yumm
This Saturday, take a tour of an LA neighborhood, then connect with Angelenos from around the city at the Found LA Celebration! Atwater...
Come to #CityHeat on Harris Blvd in CLT to celebrate my birthday! Food/drink specials n watch the games on tv. NO COVER CHARGE
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: You will probably spend more time promoting your posts than actually writing them.
The championship of that league im running in is tomorrow night. You should come thru. Pause .we play and 9 if we win.
Ugh, no wants to catch tonight's Thunder game?!? Oh like the wizards or whatever team you cheer for is so awesome.
Hm... I might need to stop by and touch that tree up before we call it finished. You home tomorrow?
THX for the mentions!
There are only two options regarding commitment, You're either in or your out. There's no such thing as life in between.
Thank you #BCU for becoming the new #BOA. Good to know that credit unions have become big business as well.
What is yo sexy ass doing tonight? Lol
October 6 ZuZu brings back $1.00 breakfast Tacos 3 ingredients fresh handmade tortillas salsa bar and more. Are u Ready??
Try eating organic, or as your grandparents used to to call it: regular ass food.
"I wish all gifts could be just the thought."
DeCourcy quoted : Gutenberg Press probably produced "a lot of crap" before printing the 42-line Bible; yeah, but THATS INCUNABLE! LOL
I still know the way to make your make up run.
talk to me girl!!
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, if u do find one, what's your plan?
We can no longer tweak old curriculum to meet new needs-deSigning curriculum is taking on a new face
Just got a peak at the prize list for 2night's #WarmBellies Twitter Party! I get to give them away with my pals at 7pm ET!
On your journey to success, there are others out there that might count you out, but it's up to you to keep pushing and prove them wrong. RD
Nothing says hoodrat more than a broad with her ponytail cocked to side
hey you! are you coming tonite?! i miss you!
Amazing how stupidly ignorant people are now a days.
And if you've been following me this whole time, how come I haven't seen you behind me? Huh? Huh?
Welcome back to New England Jabar Gaffney!
Guess we gotta reschedule this session, again, huh?
bring me back a Hurricane!
TAKE ME BACK
What's good #Columbus?!
thank you :)) x
Thanks, man! Expect to get some links to other stories soon!
haha okay Bryan
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all of its students.
yooo i miss tess she knew how to have fun haha
a really balanced editorial. palin drives me nuts and is one of those dumb like a bunny smart like a fox kinda people..
never even heard of that lol
they are so rude to do that
i have got so many thoughts in my head tonight
good luck. Where is it at?
Hey Eastman folks: is Harold doing his annual leap day concert this time around?
have a walkman delivered to you by carrier pigeon.
I should give away a free iPad so people don't focus on my lack of substance.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Up for a Fabulous Fish Fry? See you today from 11-8
He wants me to wear a green dress, have straight hair with sparkles and black shoes. He is wearing red and yellow after his dad cut his hair
use an injector the kind cooks use to inject meat with marinade that should work ? Goodluck !
very lovely.......love your pic.
AmenRT : Everybody has flaws, learn to accept them because there not perfect and neither are you..
I really thought the Knicks were going to come out and fight. It would have been a idea to guard the all-time 3-pointer though LOL!
ohh, sorry, like i cant find my camera, and ipod :P sorry, maybe next time :(
Salem Young Pros meeting this morning had great talks today about the state of the local economy and what to expect for 2011.
On the first night of #Hanukkah I could have used a candle...two-hour blackout in Aruba.
No car. No money. Online Slots?
I'm game!
I don't doubt that!!
Get money get money that's all that's on my mind. Mama like new and expensive things. That's all I know.
Well today wasn't the best Monday ever #fail. Tuesday will be a better day. Staying focused
hey just read the post about the imposter....lets kill em all!
you should think about being a commentator. your play by play is as good as your jokes :)
Giving thanks and love to my great family and friends. Enjoy your families. Enjoy your life. Enjoy.
Daddy, I always thank God for you! For the simple things that you have done to me and for the kids. I will always love you! !
Night+Market. That spyce. Hollywood.
You know, talented actors can get paid well to do their craft in an intimate setting when lights/seats/lobby are out of the equation.
lol mayb but we dnt get in brutal fight in the mosque and break the doors lol jk
SO enjoying tweets abt NATO, etc. from yr accts. Vicariously since too busy 2 read anything substantive
Enjoyed my WVOX jazz show, with special guest Jewel Kinch-Thomas. We played songs of love and romance. Duke, Bill Evans, Patti Austin, et al
life is a beach and I'm just playin in the sand <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
that mini heart attack you get when you open the door and there's a raccoon staring at you.
im guessing he went to that party.
&#9743; LOOK Bush Baby2 Covert Camera Dog Girl Protect Your Kids
#afternoonshift The Picture of Dorian Gray
Sushi and Sake to close out the weekend...I sure do love it out here in Sunny LA. Hope everyone had a killer weekend!
single and the love of my life its food. nuff said bro
No problem!!! My pleasure, Mrs. Dickson. I absolutely adore little Rachel Eliana. You should visit with her sometime!
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday. :-)
RT : I don't like waking up early, i smoke all my weed up faster when the days r longer < aint dat the truth.
I finally could smile again , someone finally listened to me <3
cute boy is very cute except he's wearing a shirt that says "epic fail"
I strangely love getting the chills
#WhatAWomanNeeds A Guy Who Will Protect Her Like She's His Daughter, Love Her Like She's His Wife, & Respect Her Like She's His Mother <U+2665>
Guys, there's a totally cute new barista at the Copper Cup. this one is mine!!
pleseeeee follow me back!!! Been watching your videos every since shootusdown!!
U holding on? Take your vitamins and rest'
Factors may give you useful information about the credit standing of your customers & allowing you to negotiate better terms with suppliers.
lol i was waiting for your reply ! i knew you'd be all up on this tweet
No kidding. I'm glad my uncles don't interweb, they would be pissed.
Hopefully i get the job at H&M.!
Oh my goodness, really? (Sorry we're just seeing this.) Take heart, they may return soon!
Hey!!! How you doing?? I'm going to text you k
Worried about the summer sun taking a toll on your skin? Rachel discusses skincare with Stanford Dermatology this Sun (6/6/10) @ 5:30pm.
All new info is useful. Thanks for the link. :-)
Hey Thanks!
Watching Indecent Proposal - a million 1994-dollars is what? $1.2m today? Stil...
Oh if quick got in that mess....
We needs monies :0
Couldn't agree more with you, Mr. Anderson. Love this album.
I've missed speaking with you. c:
Getting everything ready on the set of ! We love being here =)
i got the world in my wallet swisher full of violet
When he texts me first > <U+2764>
Woop! I Remember You From Your Hair! I Really Liked It! I Never See That Kinda Hairstyle Like Ever :3
“: Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.”
like voices in our head!!!
Blue tagged items all this weekend at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents! Clothes, housewares, all sorts of goods! Don't miss out!
Yo I'm trying to get to the shoot! Where's the location??
Chris Brown is an insane performer.
My instagram name is newday_newme for a reason
I'm in MD this weekend. But that's the spirit! I'm glad I'll be seeing you in BK this summer ;-)
thanks for everything you did here in Denver, I will never forget this memorable season I wish you the best of luck in New York
has all of their display computers password protected so you are unable to test drive them.
Tens of thousands die in the US every year because of greed and cowardice of Senators and Congress, and/or no health care at all.
you always have the scoop.
#clarification yes, the sexism in that last post was intentional. I'm an elitist white crab, for pete's sake--so sue me.
And Take Off Sexy Vinny Tear Tear again ='(
Gavin literally gave me the shirt off his back today
My mom's madden name is Myers so I am part jewish but I can't stand Zionism.
Bleh. Needs to end. Winter from October to March is just plain depressing!
Aye!!! Damnit! That hurts.
Went yesterday to the gym and my legs are so soar today that I can barely walk lol been walking the whole day like a duck
Whoa! Guess I'm on the late show!! Hey y'all!
Currently reading: Verb (Verbo) by P. Neruda
prof passing out snacks is too clutch
#SayNoMo its yours! When you wanna get it?
Congrats on the win and making it to the playoffs
so the storm's moving away from laredo?
julian wants to see you!!!!!
I just got choked up when I read this...
Brian! What are you up to these days? Are you going to be in Harrisonburg around the holidays?
you missed us :)
lol, nice one. Go ahead and try taking minds off what is going on.i like the editing tho. All the issues are important,
Oh my gosh my mom thinks am gonna be smoking tomorrow am so sure...
i swear i spoil my dogs :)
I SMH At Some Baby Mama's .
Why you? Why Not U?
It is not so much what is poured into the student, but what is planted that really counts. ~
Championship (England B-League) promotion playoffs start thurs (4 team bracket). winner goes 2 EPL & club earns $100 mil more/yr
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention. Duguet
I might throw up after everything I've eaten tonight. Why didn't I wear leggings instead of these stupid jeans?
Thanks! I'm totally beat but got a few drinks in me and I'm ready for country dancing!
Traffic was ridiculous this morning.
If I won the Lottery for millions I'd buy the Senator Theatre in Bmore and turn it into the bar I've always wanted to have! Movie Themed!
Looking for something part time? We are hiring servers for lunch and dinner shifts. Stop in to apply!
RT : "The whole world seems to part way for someone who has a sense of where he or she is going." ~ Richard Edler...
Tonight it's "soul station" at casa del mar in SM, with great singer John Bigham (soul of John Black). 8pm.
what do you want to say to ? Send it to me (:
RT : Dear Weekly Review, you are so difficult yet necessary... Why can't I just enjoy the time we have together?? #GTD <U+E023><U+E329>
I love when my job tells me im not friendly to people. Im not sorry I have mentally checked out of this place haha..
So lets dance!
Drama llama lmao
Thank you all for coming! We are so glad you could come and volunteer! Please thank your employees for us!
Flamenco dance class with Virginia Iglesias San Francisco Dance Center #26 - 7th Street @ Market Street, 3rd floor/ Studio #6, 6 to 9pm ...
it was enchanting to meet you
Bosh out there giving birth to someone's love seed.
People of Distinction
Just watched "Drive" with Ryan Gosling. If only "The Notebook" had that much violence.
So you was cheating on me all this time? Never listening to my heart again.
it was awesome! i have a feeling it's going to be a new regular spot.
So, I'm not seeing a lot of tips on the Internet for Zombie Jombie, but I'm figuring out a lot on my own.
"Burger King to be Nicer to Pigs, Hens: To Hell with Cows"
- that is so cool! ...no one rolls like me!
Back at ya! RT : A very Happy Birthday to !!!
Good luck to all the teams playing in the Matt Dozier this weekend!
I have it on good authority that a very special guest will be making an appearance at the #polarexpress Meet & Tweet tonight!
the whale?
same thing happened to me about an hour ago...wtf
In Mexico you can turn pro (boxing) at 15 years old. Kinda the method...
The internet lied to me!
Doubt we get the cover (???). I'm hoping for the April 11th cover...if you know what I mean?
I love it when you call me big popppa.
everyone who has screenshots of the trend tweet it to lou! i would but my comp doesn't let me screenshot :( so do it!
iight but umm haha i can't go my. Ma-der is picking mi up tomarrow n oh shit!!!wait imma message u
Kobe can't be touched in the clutch
. singing Losing My Religion. Wowza!
hey buddies. You guys ready for some diving or what?
lol, I totally am!
Since when did the stereotype for middle age Jewish men become hawaiian shirts with scraggly facial hair? Come on guys! represent the clan!
new iPad. I am so happy!
Kathy Lee had nice legs, does she play tennis if not I would love 2 teach her ;)
your unhappiness will always be my happiness :D.
Whenever you're in a relationship everyone else is single. When you're single everyone asks you to stop crying in public.
Looking forward to having come on this weekend! Can't wait to see what tasty Salad Peter puts together!
Keep up the fantastic work RT I had a great workout at Happy Monday!
And I did. RT : go take a look. if you have a heart, you will instantly smile :)
I'm halfway tempted to go see The Avengers again.....that movie was too dope.
When does Tim Kennedy fight again? I love that man!! A fellow warrior.
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.3
at any rate, be sure to work "raad het woord" into the greeting.
Love it. Inspirational!
Honestly, then please believe me when I say one day soon you WILL believe it.
Congrats on volunteerism award at last night's Young Professionals Leadership Gala!
text me right now
This has been the BEST birthday ever, and it isn't even my official birthday till tomorrow! #iloveyoumommy&daddy
always love yr recipes!
That look you give your friend when someone makes a One Direction joke unintentionaly.
I'll be back. Genius always finds genius...and head coaching jobs.
's 1st session with her CA miracle Dr. went incredibly well. Updates on her recovery and return to NBB performances soon
To keep in the spirit, Happy Good
Has nobody told TD Bank that Regis & Kelly don't work together anymore?
i know sorry baby! <33 but i had to work :{
Time to get the party started, right?
the third line! If you don't get secondary scoring, you don't advance...and good goaltending, and good defense, and...
Im not gonna chase anybody, it's as simple as that.
LOL, too cute! “Man In Coma Enters GOP Race, Already Polling Ahead Of Romney... ” <U+263A>
hahaha i could only imagin, do you have anything else for sale? im trying to revamp my collection
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Temple take on Wyoming in the Gildan New Mexico Bowl on ESPN @ 1pm CST/2pm ET.
Coem fill my glass up a little more.
The Scott Pilgrim Quick Look totally sold me on that game's soundtrack. Think blink-182 + Mega Man
Michele if you want to help the American people get back to work ask me how. I am a candidate like but putting people to work
I need taco bell rn
Grace and sin and information science? Right up my alley.
Hey Beer Baron! Can we expect to see you @ Churchkey for the League of Libations tmrw? Free Magic Hat at Churchkey from 6-8!
I gotchu boo.
Oh no. That makes me sad. I have the respiratory system of an 80 yr old woman due to un-openy windows.
Be careful of what you say and the tone your readers may be perceiving.
Crushed candy heart in mail leads to building evacuation.
why did blink 182 have to cancel bamboozle :( i mean i know why but it was my only chance to see them sigh
then Kentucky vs Kansas! I love college hoops!
my days goin great(: an urs?
word..i'm in atlanta..we Practically Neighbors!
Hanging with the love she is awesome as shit
that is awesome! :)
ill be going ocassionally but we're all at UF for summer
he already threw his sleeve, a head band and a handful of chalk into the crowd...
Yes, I'm ready too! BTW, just apologized for hurting & said he got a little too excited.
Has anyone bought the new Star Wars on Blu-ray yet? I can't decide if I want to give George any more of my money.
Completely floored over the power of PatientsLikeMe.
Favorite Disney princess? Definitely Ariel!
is happy his blog is back. Now only if bitches would read it!
Watching a show called the weiner's circle. Lmfao. Dont ask.
Which celebrity do you think has the best smile?
I love walmarts like that <33
Big day tomorrow.
Dinner was amazing !
It's good that it's Friday on good Friday!!!
Night in reverse-- dessert, dinner, cocktails. Splendid
Really need a break from school
#NHDEBATE TOTAL WASTE! SICK OF SEEING THESE DEBATES ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES AND NOT INVOLVING THE CAMPUS AT ALL
tell me about what's happening in your head.
Just finishd Jayden's chest x-ray, awaitin da results, nd he can finally eat solid foods, so we r waitin for his tray to come
With all the cuts to schools, library, and rec centers, we better be funding public safety. So glad I don't have kids.
U have a beautiful face & a beautiful mind. Now fix your bio from right after 2 #JustSaying UR a Hooligan girl! JS
LOL I totally forgot you were at Wango Tango. WIZZZZZ.
finally followed me! YAY! Gonna go vote for him some more now! <21
These school papers stressing me out somebody smart help:/
My mom loves #Boyfriend by :p xD <3
If video killed the radio star, who killed the video star? Hm.
Wishing our best to ..best wishes to you!
yes, that's what i'm talking about!
My roommate has decided he would like Psych a lot more if there weren't so many jokes. I think he missed the point.
PREACH“: Jeremy Lin on 1 leg and doped up on morphine would still be an upgrade over Baron tonight...”
I think Sessions has always been Shannon Brown with a worse jumpshot. a decent bench player when hot; not a savior.
#FF favorite sports writers con't (there's a lot)
Universal for those with health insurance through their employers. Which is not universal. At all.
Kim-chi!
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference
SMH at you.. no one will listen to you..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
My body is rejecting my contact lenses...I'll be home for dinner tomorrow! YAY
Up at oh-dark-hundred this morning to take the wife to the hospital this morning for her surgery.
some one tried ordering from chick-fil-a and the is no cars in the parkin lot
Morning Angel.
true friends don't leave
What are the #DCFoodTrucks at Franklin Square today? I got a posse of about 10-15 people that want to experience the scene.
I love that my dad is frustrated his whole Netflix "things you might like" is full of Thomas the Train.
I feel like you're lying to me :(
hate you
lol I legit laughed out loud
will do! maybe next week will work. :)
There's always love to show Muahz sista
'Everybody should get out their checkbooks. Oh, that's where this ends!'
blonde girl problems
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
Used some carrot juice pulp for making raw crackers: pulp, chia seeds, sea salt and cayenne pepper. Really yummy and super easy!
Hey Skip Clueless, anything to say about Mr. Tebow now?
omfg u r so hot n im comin to Jersey to meet u so plzzz be there lol <3ily
5 min after takeoff in Columbus little girl across the aisle says "mommy is that the ocean?"
#theawkwardmomentwhen you try to pull a ninja attack on someone and they turn around.
Students: Firms are looking for summer interns and they are starting now. Polish up those resumés! Go get 'em!
Slow morning..... Good Morning Everyone! U all have a Blessed Day! :o)
I was brave today !
Shout out to
Famous people that we all hate now, will be 10x as more famous when their dead -_-
Great to see and last night So great to meet so many new people!
My stupid body was sick and hurting all day until magically at almost midnight I could probably run miles and drink more jamo on the rocks!
*my girlfriend's *10Ib;) RT“: The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds.”
We love our city!
South Beach Wine and Food Festival kicks off Today!!!
You won't be in any danger, I promise! ;) I can send you the news video so you have an idea of what we do if you like?
Lucky me is spending NYC hurricane with my Arizona cousins Jill and Jim. Life continues to unfold with a most delightful rainbow of options!
Being a Woman of God in today's world can be challenging. I hope that by sharing my life with u, I can encourage u in ur walk with Christ!
Thank you Jacob!
My neck will need a 2nd massage tomorrow per massage lady.
off to campus to see a prof for office hours. This will take forever!!
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a tiering system to use with their students.
It's humbling yet also a privilege to share The Gospel of Jesus Christ on such a Grand Scale! HIS Will will continue to be done!
WATER WARS BEGIN!!
Q for 2012: What or who am I in service to?
#whoeverimarryis the person I can trust the most<U+E022>
As long as you know where they are. It's like trying to keep track of a starburst.
Wwaaayyy too many Bulls fans in our section at the BC. , show um' what we are made of!
Time for #KUWTK!
Happy New Year to your & yours. San Diego is lucky to have you! Cheers.
“: the new website looks awesome!” thanks, Ashley!
If you haven't already Follow us on Twitter. NekkidTees
Saw a crummy sitcom on NBC steal a friends joke tonight & use it in the show word for word. Joke theft is a disgusting crime!
What happened to Kristy Swanson? We need more of her.
lately, I wish I had Red Wings games to distract me from all these brutal Tigers losses.
5 minutes to West Coast Episode 6...here we go!
Aint never wanted to be like nobody else, got my own #swag, people want to be like me, lol
i deactivated my page for a while
is doing some very innovative work www.treehousecommunities.com
I think you followed me for all three reason :D lol jk
Bored any suggestions for rest Of eve/night?
Too lunch
#20FollowersILove ( I luv him the most)
Definitely - increase the take-away ability. "What can you do tomorrow" instead of "What could we possibly do"
My math teacher asked what math class I was in as I was walking out if her class
Yes yes yes! My mum has just said she is a bieleber and will go to a concert with me YES MUM!
Motivate, encourage and engage others with sincerity and kindness and you will have plenty of people to walk your mission with you.
I'll never get used to the emails from customers about a pet passing away-breaks our hearts but won't stop us from being close to customers!
Sounds amazing! We look forward to seeing you!
I like to keep my options open. :) I like where I'm at but the pay could be better and cost of living isn't cheap. Always looking
Here! Text me tonight. I'm hardly on here.
Fluffy curls and Pat O'Brien's hat... Lovely mix for jammin' to an 80s cover band!
So happy to read your tweet. Looking forward to S5. Woehoe <3
A GREAT show will be done in all three counties of South Florida before the end of the summer. Bands will be selected soon.
The Books That Taught Us About Sex
Thanks for the #FF mention! Happy Friday!!
sup?LIFESIZE MIRROR climbed from 44-26 on BILLBOARD JAZZ CHARTS!!!!!
oh, and thanks for reading!
For Some Reason , I HATE Talkinng To My Step Mom , It Makes Me Wannaa Cry .
love you!<3
how so?
I stunk up the office with kimchi today and I know there is a special fermented corner in hell for me.
If HBOs 24/7 with the Flyers showed me anything, it's that Claude Giroux is a pompous asshole. This series has solidified it.
I'm thinking this sugar coma is worse than any hangover
Sore. Could be from yoga, sleepiness, hunching over a cutting board, or all three.
akjshflksdajfh :'D we should see if he remembers(;
Grown men turning bitch, I see the girl in em.
RT Oh how I would love to be at the Grand Lux Cafe in the city sipping a mimosa >> Come sip a mimosa wit ur Auntie!
No, but we made blood orange ol' fashions ! Anything with is delicious. For the love of local alcohol!
I used to didn't like then I started to think about how blessed and favored she is. I had no choice but to say. GO GIRL!
I don't want to work I want to sleep
FREE Office Desks x 3 units left (April 22)
Schultz: Groupon's accounting not why I left board - Crain's Chicago Business (Crain's) — Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says he left Group
No HE IS MINE AND JUSTIN's ;P
Tonight was beyondd great . (:
#NYC - I'm checked in w/a New York state of mind along w/8 Million others
Sky lounge
Watching Law & Order:SVU on USA network till 9pm when I can see on #celebapprentice. Its gonna be a long 3 hrs.
And a powerplay goal scored by the GC rams to get an early 1-0 lead
thanks so much!
any hookup for a little meet n greet with before the show?
In the process of watching this stupid as music. This is not whats up
I was just there in and out. Be back soon and would love to meet u!!
Okay, Arkansas football players need to STOP getting arrested. It's getting a bit ridiculous. :/
that was a rufus wainright lyric you ass, but I have to admit your tweet cracked me up this morning. I've gotta come up there now.
This weekend Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC ANARCHIST BOOK FAIR, Apr 13-14 - stop by and visit!
Might chill with mt husband tonight :)
More Spoken Word, Hiphop, Reggae, Pop, and Soul Videos added tomorrow on IVCTV.NET
Thanks man, let's grab coffee and/or Shiner next time I'm in Austin
I teach students how to follow by telling them to text "follow name" to 40404. If they have a signature it wont work
I will most likely sign up for the next session. Thanks for the link!!
gimme a date and time RT : lets go!
Republicans are upset that Obama's gay marriage views have evolved. They'd rather had heard him say that they were created 5000 years ago.
This day will always be of remembrance ....
Thank you for the #FF shout out! You are inspiring as well!
2 football mrkt stories to follow - how leverages their new NCAA deal & what brands linked w/ Manning due if he is out FTY
I read that more as just making your supervisor aware that you are on a professional site. A school's way of CYA
My tumblr is so ugly #TeamDONTFOLLOW o.o
Max, it's raining and I'm so ready to give Über a try... Can I get a ride at 325 N Jefferson? Bar full of people who need 1 :)
I'm so glad! It's got to be a relief!
hahaha of course!! :) Only if you teach me portuguese! :)
hey love
nuanced because there is a certain amount that it relates to strategy and customer intake, esp related to conflict checks (2/2)
It's the last Friday of 2011. Here's wishing you a Happy New Year in 2012!
Yall ready for this new avi? If yes follow me and reply SupaHot and I got you on a followback asap x 10.
I got the Up All Night tour DVD today now all I need is tickets to see the real thing. hook me up.
Plugging in for a late night work sesh. Massive week ahead.
i answered your dm my friend
Thanks for the FF mention! We look forward to seeing you and the Cisco team in Boston for The Cable Show!
“: Wrestling > basketball apparently" oh god
SALMON FISHING WITH THE YES MEN
Thanks so much!!!
#SaySomething #asdfghjklAustin it was awesome i was
Like do you have a serial num. On your foot cause thats how fake you are,lmao
Ugh yeah I had trouble sleeping. I was seeing orange all night. Idk about fired, not like a tons of coaches out there.
it sure is a hot summer in atlanta, enjoyin a nice ice cold mountain dew
Just joined. Great idea!
the boyfriend song is amazing i love you xx
give us a shout out!! We are in the storm listening to yalls moe foe sho!!! Jeannie and Chad Crader
Yeah! ": Wow!! I see that as pretty freaky cool since you both followed me really close in time"
I forgot you! Happy Easter, see you next weekend!
I earned the Exercise King badge on Lose It!
HAHAHAHAHA at asian swag queers trying to look like wiz khalifa. It's fucking corny enough when basic black guys do it
A trip well made. Love your pics...
In 1996, I saw on a talk show & thought " She's 9 like me. I can be an actress" & then I didn't.
4 Booking, "Any Party"(Hip-Hop, Pop, Reggae, RnB)... Contact Me Direct No 2nd Hand Party
lol cause you're not in London?
Hope your school year is going smoothly Patrick!!
New Profile Pic. ^.^
Over 500 merchant's in our first year, we must be doing something right! Ask for references, we have them!
*In my Rev. Adenoids voice* Good mo'nin', everybodaaay.
Bring the whole family to this December for Holiday Pops - tickets are on sale today: www.bostonpops.org
since when do u watch basketball...
.408 OBP - .504 SLG - .912 OPS. Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday. For me, there is no reason to sit him.
Ah, thanks. Awesome recognition w/ Hall of Fame. Congrats back to you!
Ops I forgot to wish Janet Jackson a happy birthday. Oh wait what...ooohhh the ambien's kicking in..?! what am I saying
#iDream of becoming the next upcoming artist from Cleveland.
ha! Very funny. All the more inspiration for me to get this leg healed!
HappyPresidentsDay! Strolling around downtown? Stop in & pick out what you're going to get with your big discount tomorrow!
Come sign up for the open mic. Erin's here. Our phone's working again!
Wondering wat happen to #Oomf O.o
3! His. Hers. N the #Truth. RT : But always remember there's two sided to every story folks
of course, anytime!
I've got to be the least balanced, clumsiest person I know. Fell up the gosh darn stairs. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><-- still not sure why there is an eggplant.
Take a chance, while you have the choice
Americans are smarter, less racist, than Republicans give them credit and the 2012 election will prove it.
#QuoteoftheDay: "You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take." Wayne Gretzky
"Discussion is an exchange of knowledge; argument an exchange of ignorance." --Robert Quillen
You know, when I think of MEM, I can see India, circuses, California homeless families, Seattle street kids, twins, & proms.
it's a great name! Thanks for watching and following!
What I got in a forward :o
Hey Gary what's the deal with the Howard Stern show and Jazz musicians. Why none? we need all the support from the stern show!
You a Bitch Nigga , && I DON'T f.ck w/ em
Secret Service is investigating how Fox News twitter account was hacked. More at 5:30 on
But seriously...where in the hell is my baseball
She's making jewelry now. She's got her life on track.
I just want to talk on the phone with someone. I'm bored.
hit u back but it aint go thru for some reason
Almost at school... TGIF! !
It's a gorgeous day here in Valencia CA!!! I seriously have the best job ever!!
nah im fine all year around
3FingerZen, Paradigm-Shift of basketball skills, unique integration and unified training of all techniques! Please RT, thanks!
PICK UP THE LID YOU KNOW I'M SHITTING
Busy cleaning things in the house.
I know RTs don't = endorsements, but I appreciate them anyway!
Inbox running over with free strap contest entries today. Love it! Bring 'em on!
: Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip. How come Biz Travel section only has images of men!!!!!
Sam Day (local artist) suggests we put the precinct in the middle of where all the tailgating happens
i am awash in antibacterial hand soap. used to be against it but then i got pink eye from someone or something here at work. ugh.
Watching Supernatural :)
There *IS* one on May 23rd. But without Ron.
lOvE u PLEASE FOLLOW BACK PRETTY PLZZZZZZZZZ
Jordan Hill is performing better than Pau Gasol in the Denver series.
Totally agreed. My new project is about pop/rock music in Taiwan, with a focus on Japanese colonialism & US military as influences.
Dazed and Confused.
"Your Culture Is Your Brand." -Tony Hsieh
"281-330-8004 that's my cell phone number hit me up on the low!"
Ready to play ball! #16!!
Who's in charge today? You have a choice to ASK for your UNLIMITED SELF to run the show, or act from your limited self. Who will you choose?
Dang #oomf is so special..and I know he doesn't even fully know why
I was in the drive-thru, but I could hear it in the tone of her voice: "Are you _sure_ that's what you want?" Kinda funny.
Who likes $40 Sour Bubble and $20 Bubble Hash? 'Cos Tea Pot Lounge has them. Go and check it out!
We played God and look what we brought forth
Sergio Marchionne is one the best CEO's of major firms (Chrysler and Fiat) anywhere. He is involved and engaged
I subscribe to many email lists, but mostly so I can search for specific topic across them on my Gmail. :-D
Happy National EITC Awareness Day!
just got a spounge bath from some nice neighbors.
yes, we have seating in our main dining room as well. The content can be PG-rated at times though.
you can rent and stream on NOW click "Add to Queue" than watch now and you'll be streaming!
restaurant menu aggregator www.Menuism.com donates $1 to Greater Chicago Food Depository for each new Facebook fan earned b4 Apr 25
Ohh foshoee' ama shoot through (: where you gonna do it ?
U R not like arabs ? How ? Hahaha we all human girl... And if we talk about the best..U know who buy oil from us and....hahahaha
Dude, I don't know how you do it! But you are getting better all the time!! More movies!! Kick more a$$. Have a great 4th.
sent an e-mail
Employed in facilities in which hexavalent chromium may be present? Take our #onlinesafety Hexavalent Chromium course!
I like you but not like that
thanks for the loving , champ!
Bynum got 17 in the first quarter
Echoed from Votifi HQ via : Thinking about reinventing politics with my echoed friends from the north
RT : Wanted: PHP/Drupal developers, NBA Jam skills preferred.
when I need to believe again it's whitman, mayakovsky, pessoa
Kim McKeown Frisbee just told me something at work that LITERALLY made my eye twitch! She stressed me out in a split second! KIM!!!!
Really is, check it out!
now that I can eat real food again I don't want it cause I haven't had it in so long bahah
haha well they are in the west...yeah I guess I just meant all west coast teams but named some easternish ones. Fail
RT Not gonna lie, getting pretty excited to attend #Milwaukee99 Thursday for the first time, with
As good as Peyton's was finishing as a Colt 2 seasons ago. And he will go into the HOF as a Colt; no other conceivable scenario.
Another day, another Warhol manicure.
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!
Spelt hummus wrong on that last tweet...#English class for the win!
What's your fav breakfast item on sunday?
I appreciate the struggle and the road I'm traveling, sometimes its hard but I keep pushing. Through it all I give God thanks
I have an old nokia, please stop your complaining.
It's ok, we've got you covered... RT : my burrito-wrapping skills have really fallen by the wayside.
Enough said!!
Setting up Twitter and Myspace accounts for the Atlanta Libertarian party
B-Word.
We saw in Whitney Houston our own beauty, radiance and joy. It is in us all, always shining, singing and smiling Thank you Whitney.
the game starts at 7pm pacific. Go Timbers!
: I'm making BBQ Chicken with my own rub & sauce tonight.
Join #NYCArcUser Group for April 18th meeting. Presentation: Creating Accessible Maps for a Color Vision Impaired Audience by Gretchen Culp.
Thanks for the vote! Always looking to provide a great cup of coffee to you!
Awww. :) Well tell him thank you so much!
I'm robbing a bank & running away.
I could be very mean sometimes .
500 bucks at the vet! Fu+@!
Funny stuff.. You are famous, JStu.
do you have a favorite news reading app for osx? I love for iPad but can't seem to love anything on a nontouchscreen
Tip-Just got a flyer from Vistaprint.com You can get small quantities of business cards and letterhead for free - new bus owners go look
It ain't hard to tell - Nas...
is the exact reason that you go my vote.....Jobs Jobs Jobs....That is what Florida Needs.
Glad me and my mom are both obsessed with pralines and cream from Baskin Robbins...it's so easy to convince her to go <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
With both the movie and an ep of the show, the event would be really long with Dr Horrible. I think there may be a pre-event
Special rates on rooms with two full size beds all weekend. Take a break from driving in the rain.
These drunk fucks had me worried sick, but I'm glad to no they are better then they were 8 hours ago.
not yet
I've had a lot of "somebody that I used to know" moments in the last week. :/
Wat o do when your bored
pretty good =] been so busy lol I got my phone back btw if you wanna text me
Foie gras Kafka Hashtag. Hey mom! : Our parents must think we all sound like idiots on Twitter
Shout Out to my Twitter Peps hope your all having a wicked awesome day! #LovinLife Rock On!
Forgive, Protect, Guide..... Positivity, Progress, Balance.
Are you giving away your story by tweeting while reporting? YES! It's liberating, says
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Deputy U.S. Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller as they lay a hero to rest.
Its about time snow!!! Took yah long enough! :)
My back was feeling so good I decided to try some yoga. Shouldnta done that... Tee hee
are you in any fantasy baseball leagues? If so are there any openings?
I live love love that movir
you have anything for trade?
Through the thick and then thin i've always been here, wish you could say the same
morning #cardiobarre, then off to #shrekthemusical! :)
The bad part about shopping at Bayshore is you're pretty much guaranteed to almost get hit at least 2 times when trying to cross the streets
Please, don't even get smart with me.
It wasn't pretty, but an NCAA tournament win is an NCAA tournament win, and its my alma mater San Diego State's first! Bring on Temple!!!
Good Morning :)
In need of some changes. Feel the need to make a move.... But where to go!?!?! ;)
I love my daddys so much I came home today and he had a new computer for me yay
Definitely more montreal fans tonight
AWESOME RT RebelCapitalist | Preparing a presentation on entity options (c-corp, LLC, L3C) for a worker cooperative.
Enjoyed presenting with Caitlin McCabe of Sway to the Milwaukee Jewish Federation. 2X in one week. Truly impressed with Sway and its people.
My students want Amber Shah as a guest speaker. Pls contact me at
Grazie Piccolina! RT Congratulations and the biggest Auguri to Carina for getting the job-so proud of you bella!
what Is fun as all get out?? Hm
Do it.
We all have our own way of coping..... whats the first thing you do when your become single?
Looking forward to spinning nothing but the best songs at J.O.'s party tonight!
I just met a Mark and Christina. Oh the irony
I get to see my bby cheyenne<U+2764>
Yep!..thanks for following [:
I'm crushing this cabana!
I feel you girl ! RT big time hater of the library
Culture's surely chgd for better when Fox scare-quotes "pro- #marriage" re: anti-
Fuck A-rod take a pitch or two shit
in solidarity at the #justice4trayvon gathering in #Louisville:
It's a beautiful day. Get outside!
Hey! Happy Thursday. :) Random ? - can tell me what your post author plugin is at end of Social Fresh blog? I like it!
He lied to you, girl. you weren't even worth the truth.
But then again I'm happy everyday
go and get some CGFIA dude
your welcome Jen; check your direct messages here :)
NAB Day 3 is underway.. TriCaster 8000 is DOMINATING the show floor!
its ok, my blackberry is still working
Don't do it! RT : I was about to text him.. then I realized what happened smh
You still have time! Video submissions last until March. Sooner the better though ; ) please consider! And tell friends.
RT : As Bugsy Seigal once said. "Everything is for sale".
"And I Love Her" was the 1st Beatles recording using purely acoustic instruments & is the 2nd most covered Beatles song with 372 versions
Why should you be hahaha
Yea lol i usually get em but not this one im puzzled :/ RT : RT Wtf is oomf??? -- are you serious? Lol
I am great! Make sure to send me a note if you find yourself in Seattle!
Kinda aggravated right about now
#oomf is so cute to me , ahh
Firefox's little freeze-ups several times a day are getting old fast. Time for Chrome?
yum o
Back in Gainesville. Thanks so much to all for a fantastic #thatcampfl! Look forward to next year. Please say hello when you're in G-ville.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it
y love you
Late September is Banned Books Week, so I'm sure some of those titles have haunted your academic career.
So I'm trying to remember how #bored I used to be when I didn't have a #smartphone to whip out at a moments notice.
Uggg... This app is really bugging tonite...
I should slap you for that
(Disclaimer: Money Bag the goat was in my fourth Huge Cache find - it took lots of picks and blue language. Glad it paid off!)
I need to meet It's a dream of mine. I have always dreamed of that day. #dreambig & #NeverSayNever right? <3 I hope.
Got to keep drivin from Raleigh to cary!!! Like wtf
oh please do, I'm really bored.
go ahead and do what you need to do. I'm probably not going to be able to make a definite plan tonight.
YES I KNEW THEY'D WIN GLEEK FOR LIFE
FWIW, that looks like a wound that would put you IN the hospital.
SICK mustache homie!
#Imagine You're almost asleep & your eyes are closed. Then you feel Harry's lips pressing yours & he whispers:''Goodnight sleeping beauty.''
. `netmask` seems limited. Pretty sure was talking about hundreds of blocks.
Travalo refillable perfume atomizers back in stock at Cream! Available in hot pink, light pink and silver, $20.
Pool party!!
when you talk about the cost of education, if you don't mention the reduction in state subsidies, you're analysis is incomplete
I've been put into list on here lately and I'm not too sure if that's a good or bad thing.
14 videos are up on YouTube
1 step at a time for this n00b .. fb is doin it for me atm
Robert Glasper Tickets on Sale NOW at Bobs Classic Kicks This Friday at Charles H Wright Museum
RT: If you're still writing 2011 on checks, try on line banking like the rest of the world.
Work on the grind until 2 then gym time and work from home tonight
More legs than a bucket of chicken!
Happy Birthday!
Don't be shy, express your feelings & share your ideas. Change is upon you, & the end result can be favorable if you make adjustments
when comes on. voila'.. all better.
This week in Cult Films we review one of the 90s' best gems--True Romance starring Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette!
BofA sent counteroffer that listing broker didn't see-now electronic file is closed. How can buyer and I get this back on table?
Ok blood:-) we out here
Ordered Papa Johns pizza online. Made our name I.C Wiener. YAY :)
No :( I wish, i'll be home in about a week!
": .Remember me? I once meant everything to you." Aint this the truth
I won't skip, just DVR it!“: RT Not gonna lie. I might skip work tomorrow to watch #TODAYat60.”
Most people find that really annoying.
Front Desk Tues. Nite: Last visitors were from Italy, on their last day in Alaska. They were delighted to learn about Felice Pedroni:...
Whoa...Dick Clark was still alive?
The life of a gnome is a simple one...
Heading to Dallas for another day off. Gonna visit with my good friends at Category 5 amps and , and hopefully dodge tornadoes.
Are you able to load that engadget post? It just redirects to their homepage here.
Open up your arms, and feel the good/it's a comin', a brand new day. RIP Levon.
in the US none of us have a real choice. No paid maternity leave, v difficult to be a 2 career couple & v difficult on 1 income
$DNAD now would be a good time to get in...
Happy Birthday!
Let's get some shoes ... Let's party
yaa thats true, but i mean right now i can still swim and stuff and its fine but if it blows out then i have no idea....
OH: "Dildo! That's the word I was looking for!"
Follow for deets on tonight's investigation in Loveland for and !
without finley i mean.
RETWEET if Austin means the world to you.
Anyone up for creating some fun short tv "SPOTS"? Going into the studio today to create Bumps and Intros. more info 4 "followers" manana!
Hey, , I stole your roommate for the weekend. I think I'm going to keep her. #SorryI'mNotSorry
45 minutes & 2 backtracks later, we're at the park. Kids are unproductive. But all is forgiven, it is SO NICE outside!
Over 600?? That's nuts! How many copies do you have?
Wondering why the webinar I'm listening to is being held underwater...
Frank delivered such a beautiful speech to Denise. Loved "when lives are on the line love needs to be at its strongest" part
#Roseville hockey coach resigns during district investigation.
i appreciate dat love and support ma!!!!!!! 1hunnit
#69 ur so nice! i love ur icon too(:
Who likes my new AVI?
I swear, if I win the lottery or something I am bringing you and my best friend with me for the a whole tour! :D
I still want him but then again I don't
tryna get him i need help!!!!
In what universe is 5'8" at 129 lbs considered 'overweight'? Good on the jury for being sane.
Are you 11?
Another GE location completed a Health Ahead Awareness luncheon. Lunch provided by Epicurean Lite. Is your company interested?
Tried that. Still dims.
Feel the high that you get from the life.... If you feel it raise your L in the sky...
Huh. That's great info Marty. Thanks.
Thanks to for following us! Stay tuned for lastest happenings at LFS of Virginia!
u need to follow my dude
My ? re #pulitzer: if the judges did not like the 3 fiction finalists, they could not ask to see a few more? That wasn't worth their time?
Just saw a vid of blazing at Bohemian. >your stupid man,lol
127 row 8 come on over
We're not contingent! (But life is: taking me another direction, away from #mla12) I'll write my Scots epic book during breaks. Publishers?
u now have a new follower =]
Help reach 1500 followers this week! They are a FABULOUS Tri and running store in NYC :)
blame the loss on Harrison barnes. High lottery player.
I'm in slow motion mode at work
Smart, take oversized freak athlete and put outside when getting killed inside RT : LeBron starts 2nd half at PG on offense
At least my great grandads okay
I won't lie. I love robot chicken
Haha! Is this a Twilight reference?? RT : That moment when you feel like Jake instead of Edward
I went off the twitter apps for the iPhone as native client was pretty good, but might have to go back.
night babygirl. i love you too :D
Be working my Ass off today .
I hope I don't have to acknowledge a higher power.
i got a flight at 935 on friday :-(
Checkout DinysJewelery on Facebook!
Good luck to everyone in the #SoleOfTheCity10k #RunBaltimore Call us if you need us!
my phone died -_-
meet us at the angostura bar! We have a behind the bar ticket for you
Just started following about 100 followers, sorry it took me so long, but I look forward to hearing what you have to say!
Iono what it is but the kids so me what I'm destine 2 b... lime light n studio sessions 100,0000 sold in a week let get it
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> at your pic.
There's no more beer so I won't drink any more brandy... There are more flower petals to sweep up. I might have tea...
Bye bye twitter :((
I agree - I often tell others no response or saying nothing is the best reponse.
Why is it that when bad things happen to innocent people under 30, it only makes the news if they are white and physically attractive?
Everything tweets about is food, and it looks soo good!
As I said, TRYING not to be jealous :) Hope you have a wonderful rest of the week, too.
Bill nye the science guy! Hell yeah
“: Harrison Barnes... Y U NO PUT TAR HEELS ON SHOULDERS???”
Riddim, full of culture y'all! Big tings
I lol'd
woke up sunday so proud that i didn't take any pictures the night before....but turns out that was false.
Blood is badly needed at hospitals in Temple, TX for the wounded from Ft. Hood. If you have friends in Central TX, encourage them to give!
RT : Here's your real Masters headline winner: "Tiger Teases; Rory Wheezes; Schwartzel?...Jesus." (via )
Yea that would be great. I didn't have much interest before. Not b/c it wasn't interesting, just had my focus elsewhere.
trying 2expand on our BOOM (brain owners operating manual) project from last year- and also to assess progress/kid much work 2 do
Trustees are asking me what #dayofdh is all about. Does somebody have a Prezi?
"The genius of man is hidden in the silent, settled state of mind from where every thought emerges." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Delayed at airport on way to Vegas half these ppl look familiar, #ASA2011 sociologists-r-us
My doctor-----> RT : Johns Chiropractic & Rehabilitation has gift certificates available!
M.... We have Warm, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies Fresh out of the Oven. Come Get'em while they're Hot!
Where you getting your #TacoTuesday on? Stop by a #bartab venue and grab a $1 drink to wash it down!
Routing/Rooting #Tricky or should we blame this on auto-correct?
Happy Mommy's Day!(:<3
“Peering into the future is daunting. It's colored significantly by mystery & it requires of us, hope.” -Fr. Pilarz
Feeling better today. Get'er done!
All things #Titanic, Follow for real time tweets of Titanic timeline
What ever happened to the never miss a super bowl club? Those guys kinda disappeared. Kinda like an 8 ball at Whitney Houston's house.
Obligatory post about the relative warmth and lack of snow in Indiana etc.
My one and only tweet about women's basketball ever: From what I'm gathering, Griner will not be suspended. Good move, powers that be.
YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ-RIDE WITH ME
You having fun at the beach
I can take you places you ain't never been before..
mari-a-thon!
let's just hope I don't throw the iPad across the room
Pull-apart monkey bread. It's...magical. I'd share a photo, but it's gone.
NetSmartz Internet Safety program at libraries = for us. NetSmartz required prior to Internet computer use for all under 17 = against us.
If any #cville folks are in DC, former locals are playing an "unplugged" set at the Smithsonian Museum tonight!
THANK YOU
Okay Then I Say Do It ...There Are A Lot Of New Businesses That Need Those Options From A New Direction =]
can see u
I wouldn't go that far. But at least they speak some kind of English.
Enjoy cider and candy from office Halloween partay.
lol....i think im tweeting you
I did, thank you. I am going to try and use it tomorrow for my creative minds class. I'll let you know how it goes. Thanks
CHOOSE TO SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SMALL BUSINESSES!!!!!
Just missed the express bus. Now it's going to take me twice as long to get home.
Attention All-It's only acceptable to voice the "S" in "Illinois" when singing "Hail to the Orange." Other instances wont be tolerated.
Thanks! Sounds awesome...definitely need to check that out.
I have a drive time tonight:(
September in #SanDiego=Heavenly! Happy Labor Day weekend everyone...stay safe and wear sunscreen!!
are we talking creepy old guy trying to start an Odin chant or Chris Holmes chugging vodka in a pool next to his mom?
peace out twitter!!!:]
If you need 100 FB votes for contests. I can do it for you. only $99 Lemme know. Or 1000 FB likes $99
How do I unfriend the Philly airport?
We're adding some of our solo music to our artist page and reverbnation page... but we're are in the studio recording something...
Did u know all 200 co's will receive your logline/contact info as an attendee of the Hollywood Pitch Festival?! Xtra exposure!!
For those of us who work in the film industry, getting a job is both good news & bad news, because suddenly, there's never enough time.
Where are you going for New Year's eve?
Yeah, not having to pull my hair out from underneath a collar getting dressed feels so strange!
I don't think I'll pay for a haircut for awhile. I think I can do it myself. A sculpture degree has to come in handy somehow, right?
wow lucky.
Seeing The Avengers at noon at Cinerama with and probably others. Do join us!
"I could dress up. I would be a prostitute. They rent rooms by the hour. Just give me $35."
getting ready to speak at
no do u kno me
Comparison of and social media. Look at agency needs and mission. One size does not fit all.
Dang @ Lightsquared. Another one bites the dust. *sigh*
People. When u follow me that is nice. But I will not follow back if u have not even sent a tweet out. Wtf? ? Open an account?
congratulations! what an adorable baby!
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
thanks man! And yea I know I get to fly and do what I want! I'm living my dream!
crippled, and still bowled a 130... not bad
I cant really say I know much about Montreal beyond Davy, wonder if he will take his new team to Oklahoma Joe's or Quick's?
Growly band tonight w/ roo and slothclaw @ winning coffee.7pm free/donations
"Every town needs as many Boo Radleys as it can get."
The apostophe-like symbol in Hawaiian words (like Hawai'i) is called an 'OKINA.
Helping our buddies in record some gang vocals on their new record. Check em out!
Headed to see my lil cousin graduate!!! Yay! The fam is so proud of him!
I'm tired of feelin my heart sometimes i just want to scrape it out
Let's go Spurs.
sure but I love MySQL good to see them open more of their code. Some of their problems are due to other layers in the stack
Hey, cool!
Yeah, not real sure what Michalek was doing there.
i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it
Who paid off the refs in the Suns game?
how many followers have you gotten since this receipt started going viral?
feeling blessed
yes they can be!
pork tenderlion is my favorite. You MUST get Hormel teriyaki flavor-- its the only thing I can cook. True story.
Charge calls have been terrible!!
Smh! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>RT : we be doing this again in 2 weeks at
perfect timing! wwe make course selections in two weeks
All i did was wave at John Kerry. Honestly.
Oh, nice.
I always loved little House on the Prairie. Manly and Laura. Ah.
Montego Bay, Jamaica
Omg, I wish I was brave enough to tell it like you think...
good night i am going to bed i am sleeping bro
idk it makes me BARF
look at my site www.thelime.biz we need a travel agent!
Horray! My first Tweet
It's Friday!
All night happy hour today - stop in for some cheap eats, even cheaper drinks & look back on our unexpectedly amazing season!
yeah last year.
Don't RT or reply to this because your next tweet will be your 5,000th. Make it special :)
Thank-You, i was hoping i would get him ;-) <AB
Panda Bear is kicking off 5 great days of music tonight in PDX.
Fool me once, shame on you; Fool me twice, shame on me.
Ur Blowin Up The Twitter World Right Now Ma Dude!! When U Comin Upstate??
If you have no luck I have season tickets give me a shout
that's true. This is a good little battle going tonight though!
word on the street is ur coming to LV for magic.....true?
is pooped. I just gave an hour lecture highlighting anthro theories including: neoliberalism, hegemony, pol. economy and structure/agency.
Sometimes you show no interest, and sometimes you show too much interest, make up your fucking mind, will you?
Whenever I see pictures of the concerts i went to online i feel good when i say ' I was there' c:
This weather is seriously ridiculous!! 1st snow,60 degree weather,rain.It was jus snowing, now rain & sunny...all in 1 week.
Go back for another diet coke and maybe they will score again.
haha. Well.... also parents just dump their kids off and they run around screaming
Making Quite A Good Recovery. Thank God!
The #pgatour reminds us of why we do #SanDiego #realestate !! How beautiful is our city?
early night catching up on email :-( have to feel me in on all the details tomorrow!
could you follow me ? : D
it's cool, Our ancestors made mistakes, we do too. I'd focus on Mitt's bigotry rather than his faux-latino heritage.
think of how awesome that would be "you might want to have your employees sign this Tim, your a bit abusive with your words"
Got stood up from #Oomf Again smh...
Enough is on!
Thanks! Hopefully we'll be back soon.
and make excuses (oh, I must not be the right type!).
Watching 'How To Train A Dragon" w/ my little man. I love him <U+2665>
Thanks to Scott L. for liking us today!
I know the feeling.
Good luck!!
let me know when ur logged on
Rushers Live For The Rush (Suspiroooo)
What a gr8 offer!
Ty made it through it. With shaving cream on the counter and some music to drown out the sound of the scissors rubbed his head to
Great solo tonight!
I am extremely bored....
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart.
ill after tonight..
hahaha. Just let me know.
I'm at Jacks and Joe with Laura and Molly! We miss u Lisa! It's so crowded with crazy Trojans!
See a movie recently? Shoot us a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
People who unfollow suck
Grapefruit juice the best though
flirting with a senior. I think. Maybe?
sweet man can't wait to hear it! I miss hardball, best show in ATL in the 12 years I've been here.
I need beer... stat!
If you can't drive by a car wreck without rubbernecking #ff ...this is why twitter was created.
Back in time for LB Opera: Martinu's Tears of a Knife & Poulenc's Breasts of Tiresias
Shame on you Mr. Gibbon & Nat Geo- "Eating With Cannibals" is another ex. of a poor Western depiction of a non-Western society.
All pussy aint good pussy
Happy Holiday Weekend!
And u Text me First
Honestly, is this real life? you should have kept my number for the future ;) xx
RT VCU! Looking for another deep NCAA run! Go Rams!
Giants signed Shaun Rogers, Bet he's happy he won't have to go through Cleveland's Airport security again
good game. And good luck with the flyers
just read your blog Great stuff I hope you continue to add
HEALTHY SNACKS: • walnuts • cashews • figs • apples • bananas • dates • almonds
Today couldn't get any better!:) Such an amazing day with an amazing girl!<3 Just gotta finish it off with work:P
hi can you plz follow me =)
Not bad, apart from backing horses in 40 runner handicap chases to be beat by a nose. Really good apart from that.
Creating user interface designs; dynamic infrastructure to come later... Have to get the UX above par!
absolutely. I run into that prob a lot at pharmacies. Epi rep insists u request one with appropriate date too!
U needa back off w tht...he AINT MY MAN!!! lol RT oh u takin days off for your man's bday huh..
how much do you need? Just picked 4 or 5 pounds. Could have gotten 20 w more time.
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and i look forward to seeing you soon...
When our sexual stories go off the map: reviews editor Amy Frykholm's book 'See Me Naked':...
sorry for the loss of your friend.
What a glorious day here at Lake. Be honest, trustworthy, and use integrity in every part of your daily life. Enjoy all that life is! Smile!
Have to give credit where credit is due. Nice trade for the
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave. ~Elmer Davis
Looking for an new accountant / accounting firm to work with. Must be Quickbooks experts. Recommendations?
Oh, so when I don't go to the O's game Ed Reed decides to hit BP and catch balls in the outfield.
Anything new in the Orlando scene right now music,art,clubs
Don, thanks so much for helping me spread celebrity pessimism. Now "maven," that's okay! :)
well complain away devwon (:
StaffingMarketplace.com and Staffing Industry Analyst has teamed up to use our directory exclusively beginning August 1!
Shit shouldnt b so funny.. But buddy did it in broad daylight right n front my bus.. seen buddy ride off on the bike cheesin 2 hard
That's part of the problem: they're turning it into a "singles" market. What about the days when people WANTED to album cuts?
its channel 2 u should get it
Perfection is
That's true! Lol <U+270C>
shhhh the irs will hear you. Oh and thanks for the generous tip.
Look 4ward 2 cing everyone tomorow @ #Atlanta Board #Realtors #Expo - yellow bags & door prizes - Booth 421! Follow 4 info!
Stay up for 5 hours or sleep for 5 hours..
Is there a way that I can get back those 3 hours of my life I wasted watching the game last night and get them via a nap?
And more Music Videos featuring the artist known as YungFr3sh of Ahom Productions.
sad...i just went home
What's going on?
Why you askin all them questions
the mustache always gets more attention than me!!!
Finally finished my homework after about 40 minutes so now I'm free yayyyy :)
Wow. I need to see The Avengers again.
Ellen is on!!! Bring out Justin Bieber!!!
You hella sexy
. yeah, i think so too
yep girl it will!
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love; the more they give, the more they possess. - Rainer Maria Rilke
Your girl pass her test.....<3
Hey DK the Fall Floor Feedback survey comes out today! Check your email and let us know how we are doing!
Kokomo Friends - have you seen Hailey??! She disappeared on Sunday from her new home. Please help - repost to area friends!...
Alright #Brewers you're way over due for a win!
sounds like something out of Kafka.
LeBron outworking ppl as usual. Can we get him to a shrink, though, please! Post game and a psyche get fixed, he be GOAT
i am a huge fan! your voice is truly amazing! :D can i get a retweet? :))
ha. Only thing that could make me smile after this loss.
the only way 2 have friends is 2 be 1
I killed a snake the other day. I almost killed a crow today. Got in the way of my driving. Thought it was ganna get that road kill.
When guys where beanies.
told you it was great :D
I see you are using the term "thought piece" liberally. Nothing here that we haven't seen 1M times before, yet libraries persist.
Do people actually dance on the beach? Or is it just a sitcom myth.
Waiting to board flight to Austin for #sxsw. Tons of people typing away on their mac laptops. My kind of crowd.
stompin in my air force ones.
i keep asking the same question
are you still in NYC?
you heading somewhere else? Headed to romneys but prob won't be there for 5 minutes
OMG Paul Gulsvig just wished me a happy birthday on facebook #daymadeforsure! :))))
These hrs are killing me!
its okay!
Good fight
Cool. I'll check out as well. Thanks.
Good morning!!!! Let's make today productive!!!!
I haate waking up in the middle of the night . My house looks scary .
People say nothing's impossible, but I do nothing everyday
Wtf this girl is sleeping with her dad and she's worried hes cheating on her and she wants to have his baby. I can't.
Great Modern Love column – hilarious and heartfelt. Can't wait to check out your novels!
please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
- would love to get in touch with you to discuss ideas - email hello(at)massrelevance(dot)com
im too busy taxiing around my daughter to gymnastics!
please follow me hunter
s/o to my new follower
2 excedrine migraine & 1 coffee later and i am still yawning.
Nice day/night for a video shoot! Yall give it up for Parmalee! They've been through so much! Glad to be a part of it!!! #CMTdebut!!!!!
I think there should be some guidelines, but these will make many think, "Why bother?"
It'll be interesting to see how the Romney bullying story affects his numbers among women - particularly mothers.
Thanks for your book - seriously is changing my life!
Is Rihanna R&B?
haha cool story bro! haha. please message me back on fb
oh, I'll have to try that now that I'm an eastsider...
Does Mac OSX Skype have a way to disable growl style notifications?
Cause I could see u workin there. It would be hot!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes you've just got to wear all real people clothes and pack those dance clothes in your bag for just when you need them.
Yup I know, especially since Argentina is the #1 team in the world but we can always hope for a big upset
WHUT? RT : “: MY MILKSHAKE BRING ALL DA BOYS TO DA YARD” pause
Bears didnt need a tackle?? : With the No. 23 pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select T Reilly Reiff.
#MazWhiteChinFollowMe ...u make it sexy..just saying.;) follow?:)
Attention all Fathers and Sons: Come join us at OVS on Sunday, June 6, at 9:15 AM following morning Minyan for Dads and Doughnuts. Cost $7
I have 666 followers and I am not comfortable with that number... Help a gal out! A Twitter high five is in it for you.
It's the first of the month!
this tweet goes to & for how much ilovethem<3
And purses. Buy purses RT Key to marriage : be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse "I love you" & you crazy kids will make it
If you haven't heard our new recording of "nights", you grab it off put myspace bulletin right now. Enjoy!
thank you lovely! much love to you!
I is bored
Checked in at Pro Sports Club Willows Road
I'll be tweeting for today. We're doing a livestream at 9 am w/ our neurosurgeons. Learn about deep brain stimulation.
What were you Doug to get a sprained neck/back??
The rangers are playing so good!
Art Historians: is that a stump under Christ's foot in Michelangelo's Pieta?? In Gardener's image it looks like a separate foot. Thoughts?
Huge thanks to & St. John Med Ctr for helping us with the tornado victim story. Easy to work with and super sweet too!
Watching catch, throw, and hit some balls. Oh, and run some bases.
RT : i thank God for wakin' me up ?? !
You're welcome, Austin. RT : Holy crap! Did you know Halcyon has $7 BOTTOMLESS mimosas on the weekends?!!
Swedish gummies?!?!?! *Drools out both sides of mouth.
AERA presidential session to explore the research supporting the teaching of ethnic studies curricula. <3
Bill Joy bets big on energy 's 'grand challenges '
why is it the mgmt always seems to get booed or have a cup of piss thrown during their shows? What gives?
Thanks to madonna dancer crew for our new #federator outfits... White track suits with staffs on each side...
let me know if you can use some hands-on help. My day suddenly freed up (meeting canceled). Looking for something helpful to do!
Communication is Key.
dope cover
Plus what other film has both Nicholson and De Niro? #LastTycoon?
Went to tonight. Awesome view of the city skyline now that the ugly warehouse in front was knocked down.
“Hide not your talents, they for use were made, What's a sundial in the shade?” Benjamin Franklin
Lol Donald that is funny stuff.....
Thank you so much my church family
MT : #Jeff Casteel maybe announced today as Arizona's DC! Expect two to follow!
“: I dislike blurry Twitter pics....in fact I dislike any blurry pic” seriously... Why even bother having a pic. Lol
Eating chicken noodle soup and not crackers! :D
.....hush your face!
Sammi SHUT THE FUCK UP!!! damn
Taking the stage, performers from The Polynesian Village Luau. In the area? Join us for the free show (6:30-8p).
Oh bullshit, I had that. Fuck this. Any cute girls in the stands want a clubhouse tour?
I don't lose weight from my stomach. I lose weight from my face.
Going to sleep at 7 am. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Realistically is probably my favorite person in the world.
so weird.
Moving student on to the next grade without mastering basic math skills causes more harm
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Nice groove! I like your stevie wonder bass video on your profile :)
Are you serious! The Sandlot is coming on at 1 and I gotta be up at 545! :/ well looks like ima be tired tomorrow haha
UTTV, 's television venture, will launch in mid-June: UTSanDiego CEO John Lynch
Finals are here, and I was just reading some job alerts to remind me WHY I'm back in school. For a Dream Job doing Interactive Design.
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am "THE GOD OF FLAKES."
Just found out what booty bumping is. Drug Inc. Is a fool
Pinkalicious by Victoria Kann: Eat pink cupcakes--you will turn pink!
thanks bro :)
2Chainz is nicce. Selling out shows left and right.
Dis maybe my dumb @$$ swag but the girls be Hatein like a hobo cash xD
I wish life had a reset button
Cant sleep me thinks i need something in me first
Going to Dinner with my twin sons.....
Ugh I want some mc donald
D-Fence! D-Fence! D-Fence!
Sending condolences and prayers to #Whitney Houston's fans#
Off to shoot a self produced piece w partner in crime
My jersey was on before I left the office.
Okay. I have a rehearsal tonight so I need to have some major time with my script now. See you all soon.
Michelle Rodriguez: 'Avatar 2' Will Be Underwater. www.tncnews.com
yes ma'am it sure was!(:
we may get along just fine then! Always up for a good DM too!
G'day went down but you kno ya boy GRIM gets it in all month (FLY OR DIE)
i've been watching ' my strange addiction ' video's on youtube for like an hour. these are so scary... ;oo
ive abandoned twitter cause ive abandoed my touch screen :/
hm. very well then
Killed triceps and abs today! Working on
sittin home..bored:(
She spells it with a C, bro.
haha I think she just has too many miles.
Kennedy bridge sucks today.
ditto! Hey did my mom bring you your pups? She said she was
Good Morning!!:)
Week4 of the #Wonk Photo Contest is happening NOW! Post your photo for a chance to win an iPad 2. Winner announced Fri. americanwonks.com
looked like a dislocated kneecap, ugh. seen it before, not pretty.
I know that success is a lot more than an excellent thought. It's timing too.
(3/5) Along with financing the production, 10% of your contribution will also be donated to (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network)
Rat heads get nothing but cheese yall!
#DEFCON demo and talk about vulnerabilities in prison PLC controllers. Doors can be unlocked with a very simple exploit. Interesting stuff
hey im in ocean city n the worst i thought could happen did i miss u n call my cell plzzz
Sorry everyone , , the Derby is in Louisville, thanks for noticing this error.
danka! i'll take all the backup i can get! ;)
m. kiske, noodle koogle, and matzo ball soup. <3 bringing out my jewish side
Got your bitch on my dick
"Mike and Ikes?" I ask, shaking the box of fruity goodness. "I don't know what those are," says ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
you were fake, i was great, nothing personal.
Gmail Changes Again: Google Rolls Out New Look
#socialismineightwords do not think, we'll do it for you.
Dirk Hit With A Tech For Saying Some Stupid Shit!
am I going to see you later?!
I love musical theatre, was just picked up in a chair and carried around by 4 people
I aint tryna go to work I'm super tired
hey.. They're not boring ;-)
I'm amazed every day at how technology is changing the world & allowing us all to communicate regardless of distance or boundaries
I was always reluctant towards Nikita, is it good?
That awkward moment when you try to pour a little salad dressing on your salad and half the bottle dumps out...we can fix that.
- will be at the Baltimore panel on education Wednesday at digital harbor high if you'd like to connect prior!
Fight for your Right was awesome. Different but great. When crowd chimes in "We're the Beastie Boys"
bye bye twitter
Yes, Zack was helpful...and pretty modest considering the success you're having!
Oh, and let me also add,
I'd find something else to have for dinner...it may be a while!
it's the little things :)
You smell.... good.
Lunch break: just, you know, reading the former occupant's Vanity Fair, eating shards of cheddar cheese, inspecting my spider bite.
Good morning! and happy #ff to
RT : if there is anything we learned from #911 and #Tiger Woods its how to fuck someone up using their own shit.
I've never head of this site! I'm always late to the party!
Watchin' a video about installing an above ground pool. Woo. Feel the excitement. =P
Still up but need to be sleep see u tomorrow sissy
When famous people RT you >>>>> especially
Is that a USA chant I hear? #Twins Ha
Calling on all movie lovers with five bucks and a desire to support great independent filmmaking! www.indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
Thanks for the mention! I want to meet you too!
Bumped into at Keeneland for a moment. He was with and special assistant Rod Strickland and off to #UK spring game.
On day 1 million signatures to recall Gov. Scott Walker were turned in, he was in New York City raising money and defending his record
things my mom says after she schools me: "BUHLEEEDAT"
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. ~Thomas Jefferson~
Patriots coach, Bill O’Brien will become the next head coach at Penn State, an NFL source confirmed last night
today come by new club in nyc 12am LA POMME. it is a sexy place:)..
I can be a raider fan know!!!!!
Just finished some training and now headed to the gym
Looking forward to it. RT MarkCRobins: Tonight Tweet up, Meet up, Beer For Bloggers, 7 pm The Keg York St all are welcome...
Spending my day wit Death Note ^_^ damn do I wamt sum sweets now :/
I have a good start on your labels. Just working on hogs head. We'll have some rough comps tomorrow.
Good morning! Is evry1 dry?
- Good luck with accounting tomorrow!
That is GREAT to hear. RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says he's at 212 pounds now. Hopes to be between 215-220 playing weight.
h/w = homework
“: Have to remember the bow tie conversation piece for next year untied” Perfect reason to meet every girl at the party!
I love it when people in front of me walk incredibly slowly and then stop to talk to someone
Had a terrific night with Aldermen Davis, Hamilton, Bauman, and Kovak, and the Delegation from South Africa. Great conversation.
Nope. I'll go back to not caring about hockey for another 4 years. What a game.
#TETC11, if you bring your iPad to our booth (132) we can demo the platform on your device! You can use our wifi for a bit too... :)
Attending the last ARL/DLF E-science Institute in Dallas,TX. Looking forward to a great conversation!
can I jump on that blast?
Big fan myself. I have quite the crush on Emma Stone. -JR
Woot! Big changes @ LASA. Announcing the newest member of our staff. Mark Doerr, Tech Programs Mngr.
I have no school on #FuscoFriday!
$$$$$HHHHOOOUUUUTTTOOUUUTTTT ----> . go.follow.now. please ? :3
tour song is on fellas.... Adele
Umm... good goal?
Dude, don't you live five minutes from campus?
moms always know best ;-)
Our minds are as different as our faces: we are all traveling to one destination; --happiness; but few are going by the same road.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : When I'm in #Milwaukee in 3 weeks me and my cousin gonna F the city up. can come 2
Can't wait to record my new single "Lonely World"
ok, so this swine flu thing is scarin me, kaliah and i have had a cold for bout a week now! thank god she has a doc appt on sat!
im bout to take off
RT : S/o 2 My Girl .. Major Projects On The Way...
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
the very one. I turned around and there he was! His new book is my idea for my sr thesis.
#RihannaNavy for life. We go
of course Im interested
Waah does anyone on campus have an ipod cord?
you were one of the best things that ever happend to me.
#6wordstories Are you sure we had homework?
you are probably right, but we sure will miss them!
This water >
Really? Today's Living Social deal is for a booklet of coupons for 5 Big Macs & 5 Lg Fries? Gross.
check out the twin duffle bag divas !
Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE!
final touches on clumps for #OMPF ATL and HOLY CRAP did this take a long time. you'd think this would get easier, but the opposite
i home alone now. Lol
Wow really? All these people making fake twitters to talk bad about someone, get a life.
I hate to admit it, but it does look nice
Good one! RT : Fox is renaming "Neighborhood Watch" to "Avengers 2".
#ThingsweallLOVE being right when someone thought you were wrong in the first place!
Thanks for following back ;)
I'm pretty sure that Pau Gasol hates being called "soft". He also hates actually doing something about it.
NEED JUMPER CABLES, AROUND THE WOODLAND AREA, HIT ME UP 275-6334
The GK Apple Jack: Hard cider w/ Apple Puckers & Jack Daniels topped w/ a Granny Smith apple wedge & an Apple Sour Punch Straw! You love it.
Hi Kevin, great to hear our blog post helped! Thanks for the Tweet!
This is wild! We just broke our record for the second month in a row on site visits. Thanks again to all our fans!
Got "Everlong" on lock. In retrospect it's not as difficult as I expected. Power chord.
More I follow to know what is happening in my profession..., , , ,
welp, it snowed a pretty good bit today...
cheers!<3 bin
yes, you are the one who told me... -___-
yes you did sweetheart. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
well no matter when it happens im sure it will be majestic ^-^
You’re far too kind! Which bar was tasty enough to make you tweet about it? :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best
Lights are low, music is bumping.
It's too early to tell for right now, but I think Halladay, Lee, and Hamels match up with Braves staffs of the 90s.
Great day for #avonvolleyball varisty: columbus east invite champs and jv: avon invite champs
They put pickles on chicken sandwiches down here.
Has so many sitcom-worthy friends.
Revenge is never a straight line. It’s a forest, And like a forest it’s easy to lose your way...
go to celts
Jus a peek of Sun in chicks half naked Smh
Kobe....A spa nigga?
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Odot: all trees cleared on hwy 26. Plows clearing snow at summit.
I'm hot cuz i'm fly
whats your email?
My son was just over 9 lbs but has been slim most of his life. As long as Morgan is active & healthy, we'll be happy.
this has me chokin on my food.
“: G'night. If God allows I'll see ya tomorrow.” good night (:
more to read when im on the shitter hahaha
Tough times don't last; tough people do." ~ Gregory Peck
Now back to my tumblr and thinking bout #oomf lips lol
Transparency is the new black – your clients and audience will trust you if you are transparent
well done son. That piece was spectacular.
Just got caught in a really deep twitter creep. Taking myself to the gym now!
Glad to have a bye-week. A relaxing week in the 505 including a fun batch of action today. Nebraska & Ohio State drop in the polls.
may be one of the best US wine bars I have been to outside SF or NYC. Very nerdy and fun list. I was impressed.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Yes 127 = a free t-shirt!
Sick and still attending school.
i should do a music video to swagger jagger.
AMEN BITCHES
That definitely looks like one proud (and satiated) crew!
Austin is going somewhere really fast & he said he's taking me with him (; lolol so, brb
ABBY! Welcome to twitter, are we totally addicted yet? ;)
Oh Annie I don't really need to answer that do i?
Test your blackjack or poker skills at the casino table. All casino proceeds go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
Virginia +3 in CBB is locked in. Really like this one today!!!
checking whats going on with The Twitters!!!
Thanks for the note about ORIENTATION. Please let me know what you think of it. I'm off to London myself in about 9 days...
Thanks for the follow and the introduction! Would love to hear more about what you have going on.
Never thought I'd say this, but
More to come
do you wanna do a tinychat with me i will sing for you and you can sing for me if you want
Everytime someone just walking their dog walks by they get a "dogs against Romney" sign
Swisher Sweet Swag
chris brown is so f*cking talented man.
You got kids yet? Pffft! : Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders -
you need a graphic designer? What were you looking at getting designed for you?
I'm just repeating what I've heard elsewhere...
sounds like a real winner!
I once knew a guy who swam right after he ate. He then died two years later of a car accident. Don't swim after you eat, you will die.
#tovote death by chocolate, vanilla bean. Want some NOW!
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> - Eli young band... Country music type of morning <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
he is quite good looking in that film. I also love Drive and Blue Valentine even though the latter makes me cry like a baby
A storm is coming and it's our eggnog or peppermint milkshakes...come and witness the storm of the holiday season.
RT : It is unfortunate that a situation like this is now bringing people to speak up.
What is a dark night of the soul? A time when nothing other than the very presence of God will satisfy... and that presence seems far away.
RT : event "Are you connected?" is amazing! You should be here! Medina knows whats good for you!
#fringe can't believe this..what r they thinking
We're working away to figure out what can be done with DDOT. No official updates yet…we'll keep you posted!
Melissa Harris-Perry has the coolest hair!
Thank you all so much for the support. We're thrilled to be mentioned!
I do not like that kid. He's the devil
One of my small pleasures in life is to make bread and watch the yeast gobble up the sugar...
don't forget about Jim from The Office!
She ain't you - Chris Brown (Cbreezzy)
a garden state soundtrack kind of evening. On the deck. Thanks
Preciate all that came out to support #Cous on wed. I will be right back there at the steel rose next wed doin more songs. Fuck wit me!!
that's a pretty cool view of citizens bank on your background, where did you get it?
"GET BRETT WEIR I SAID!!!"
"Princess Mononoke" is the film that "Avatar" wanted to be. And wasn't.
He who knows the "why" for his existence, will be able to bear virtually any "how."
Watching Breakin' and loving it. But honestly Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo is a better movie.
vegan mac & cheese with peas! yum!
neat that you got to see him speak though! even though the more I read on linguistics the more I'm not sold on UG.
Who wants to go to The Tin Can Alehouse Thursday evening? My last night in San Diego
Dangg, and the sad thing is, I'm not even sleepy.#6:10am is not a goodtime to get up
When someone you know steals from you it's a knife to the heart.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF/TRIED KOMBUCHA? I just found out about this – sold under the name of ‘SYNERGY’ in Wholefoods, an organic/raw juice drink …
I'm sorry, man. Me too.
Yes!! RT : Top Chef Texas in one hour! Are you ready?
haha I missed that! I was super excited to go, maybe my expectations were just too high.
Wow, that was a rough lose for the Huskies. Hopefully they will still drag themselves into the tournament.
Decided to do a documentary on the homeless.
Turn Mistakes Into "Stepping Stones" To Success
Thanks for the RT- also a cyclist, beer enthusiast. Happy holidays!
3 car accident on la brea pass, after stocker, towards downtown. In the right lane.
Walked in a boutique, saw an outfit, tried it on, and walked out with it...
People that always got something to say <<<<
I'm going to try to use this immobile boredom to my favor & do some useful stuff...I hope...
Trippin at this license division wit ..... these people ringtones off the chain LOL !!!!!!
hm are you the liar in question BRANDON
I'm loving hair in tonight's epsoide of Glee its so pretty! lol =)
he was prob just rattled that not only were his feet warm but he had spots for the first time in his life
I wonder if I can sit in class and just read....what are the chances that she'll notice?
"If ur friends don't inspire you to do better, than you need new friends!"
Ok , I'm really never again going to an audition with the project name being "Untitled PIlot". I really mean it this time.
When I see FB status' about how in love someone is with their bf I want to comment "He's probably cheating on you". cc:
Have a *Clean Monday* for those whom celebrate Lent. Happy Day, LPMR.
been there...ridiculous! aww... look at the baby faced new pic. Cute.
A2 Ancient ruins, margaritas, and Paradise Beach
(If you forget the email address, email your volunteering story to me, and I'll forward/post for you.)
Great time last night. Thanks to those that came out. That was the soberist St. Patty day I've ever had.
There's a general rule that every page on your site should be three or less clicks away from your homepage
It is cold, overcast, and drizzly. Time for (in this order): sweat pants, mac & cheese, wine, blankets, and Star Trek.
Need to motivate to bike to work... which means getting up much, much earlier.
I really wish everyone would use their phones for this.
I know this defys the law of gravity, but I never studied law--Bugs Bunny
mashup with GD&TOP. You already know I'm hype for that lmao XD
just tell him how much you love his banjo haha... and I just realized you have history with him which is even worse then econ!
I'm not concerned about Mitt Romney (and his very poor choice of words).
tickets will go out this Wednesday.
is great. Thanks for you follow.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
And as for Luchresi, he cannot distinguish Sherry from Amontillado.
how are we the 14th in the Top 14, but the most expensive law school?
"you turned around and you stole my heart with just one look, when I saw your face I fell in love, it took a minute girl to steal my hea ...
Company Culture, #Diversity, and Accomplishments are some important factors I would consider in looking for a potential employer
Woah.. That looks awesome
I think both of those things can be accommodated. The internet won't be that bad after hours, right?
What did ya'll think of Austin's cover of Somone Like You? ~Sara
Positive changes come from nascent thoughts with right motivations behind them.
Yeah, lions are sick!
The Uncanny valley: something that looks like humans provoke profound revolution. Zombies remind us of humans.
Finished recording today. Show next month. Stoked!
Has your brand converted to #Timeline yet?
I guess there was a chicken at school this morning? I got here late. Hahaha #seniorpranks (;
sounds romantic
congrats on the "new" gig, Brian! Always a good read.
fuck me. so glad this week is over.
slow cook bbq chicken for 6 hours then taking it over to coaches with homemade slaw and dirty rice
Looking forward to playing Breckenridge Colorado on sat!!!!
WOW NO CAKE, NO PRESENTS, NO PARTY, NO ONE SAID HAPPY B-DAY MAYBE 1 PERSON AND WOW I FEEL LOVED "SARCASTIC"
WSJ reporter's saying Dewey DC office has no photocopiers. Attys told to go to Kinkos & use own credit card.
); dont say that. i <U+2665> you! hope that made your day, maybe it didnt )x
I am biased, but the truth is truth: 's opening statement was the strongest...by far!
&uArr; Take a LOOK Flashlight DVR Covert Cam Protect your spouse
I love and miss the smell of lilacs in Wisconsin spring.
How does an iPhone stay cool..? mine is steaming hot right now!
I have free IPhone4's with Sprint. Inbox me if you want to know how to get one
“: I love you! Miss you twozzz <3 get ready for next fall biotch” yes yes yes it's going to be crazy !!
Ones man wife died and he had to spend a day with her dead body still in the house...unacceptable...a lawsuit wouldnt be justice
good job it looks good so far
Hoyas! Check out #GUASFCU loan rates--only 4.75% interest on a new car loan!!
House Chilling !
My nurse practitioner is so awesome.
RT : In honor of #presconf I have a preservation playlist for the travel to #buffalo, Paul Simon's America starts us off.
Great choice!
Being a lazy fuck
besler picked up a bobblehead that was laying near the goal. broadcast confirms that is what was thrown at his head
Thinking I'm getting the hang of Twitter (: #Shoutout to my followers (: hope I used the number symbol right (:
You make work such a fun environment.
Officially locking down on Dark Knight spoilers from here on. What about you fine folks? -Michael
Watching my fav show.. Intervention
Great Xmas so far. First gift I opened was "This Is A Book" with tickets inside to see at the Keswick Theater! Woop woop!
This sums up my own views better than I could sum them up myself.
Tryin to go #paleo? Grab a bite of granola from : elemental food that tastes great, just like nature intended...
Hey precious gon and back it up in dude voice who single the wobble joint
#DesignBizChat tomorrow. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects -join us!
Game #1 Peewee C District 6 playoffs. Kennedy vs Mtka White. Let's go Eagles!
Dang and I replied in Spanish.
Kansas. I love a good underdog
The Fifth Element fan in me is compelled to say "Leeloo Dallas MultiPress"
i opened the door for a lady at the store and after she said thanks, i accidentally said no
Lmaoo i luv that tweet! but at first it sounded WRONG! lmaoo no offense!
I take tweet composition credit for a 1/4 of that tweet. Can't wait to see it and see y'all's faces soon!!!!!!
Relaxing watching FRIENDS an loving life!!!
As much as I'd like to (and could) rip apart Yuni's season, winning is more important. I'll take it.
Pappas: "Prohibition doesn't work" & Bloomburg says that #poker goes underground in Russia via last years illegalization by Putin.
Cool! Good luck!
Ha! I suppose my brain did an edit. I think Buzz should adopt this line.
what happened?!?!?
I haven't worked for the JS for two years. My daily media column runs in OnMilwaukee.com
that's what im thinking.
Good Morning :)
- Dude! I've had one in each wrist for 10+ years. Crazy!
NBC: CDC is investigating reports of a "possible illness" on plane.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
I only listen to that new 2chainz & Drake go hard. Royale never tell lies!!
true. we r spread out all over the country and even in canada as well.
half a season, just like the transfer rule says now
My lost wallet held my id's and debit card, but dont panic!! Thankfully my library card is safe and sound on my desk.
Saw a nice traffic spike in the library web site analytic today.
Sure! We just need three peeps. Pick a date!
Todd and Elena are on their way down to Hedo today... me?? Sunday... Got another costume ready last night! woo hoo!
Following in the footsteps of one my idols and covering "You Da One" today. Heading to the studio pretty soon.
congrats on a fantastically run, informative, enjoyable event! MIT spirit of mind + hand at work solving energy.
what about HONDURAS?
I'm right there with you. Safe travels. RT. “: Omg nice work on booking a 615am flight. Not smart!”
wtf... what the fuck.... WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY? IS SHE STUPID? Is she on crack? what the fuck.
Oh how i love woods!!!
I'm #LookingFoward to the world becoming a better place
Sure, just tell me which other title you'd like me to tweet about instead of A WORLD OF TROUBLE & I'll switch over. ;)
R.I.P Grandpa, I'll miss you so much and I love you forever.
NOTE: There is NO LINK to this offer. You must tune in to Channell 111 on your Direct TV Device.
Life is a patchwork of friends.
Goodness gracious some people just don't have good sense! Patience & compassion Lord, that's what I'm asking for.
Wednesday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
hell yeah
YOU WON! CONGRATS! email george to claim your dinner for 2!
Thanks for the high-five and Captain Kirk Arthur !
MyMy! What's up?!
One of my grad school advisors suggested that a name (esp daughter) should sound good after "The Right Honourable".
That's it. I need some new heels.
I do hate his face pubes though...
A BIG "Thank You" to for a great season. We enjoyed every moment of it! Looking forward to next year! GO MU!
Watching The Last Song. crying like a baby
Thank you .
Thanks for the RT, Doc!
Tomorrow, Sunday, July 3, 8.30PM I am playing at Fat Cat with the Fat Cat Big Band.... Come and make the hang!
More Fitness Crosswords: What is an 8-letter word for a very sweaty style of group fitness.
33% of the world are christians
Newt & Santorum are Cry Babies, what will keep Pres.Obama from spending more than them, boy will they Cry then, bad people!
Green Bay Packers: 4 Reasons Team Record Will Improve from Last Season
#MarcusThomas75 Firsts! (sorry, I had to)
NFL Tailgate with my brother before
What bands do you plan to see This year in 2012!?
Hoping #Jolene wins the #smackoff tomorrow on the show..."Hey hey hey" lol
I can always count on #NewYork homies to call me for a good laughn...
Come in tonight and hear the southern rock sounds of The Mighty Short Bus, they play at 9:30!
Forvo = best web site of the day, maybe even the week
I MEAN, I ASSUME SO. EVEN RICHARD THINKS SO LOL
If Butler could have shot maybe 25 percent from the field it could have been a different game. Congrats to #UCONN. Kemba Walker deserved it.
You read my mind about the shot! Only problem? It's at 9am!
Didn't like FOTP first time I heard it. It's grown on me significantly. It deserves recognition
one last tweet before my phone gets taken away
Feels good to finally swim in my pool :)
Let's go #Pens! Do it for Pat!
quick question: if we needed to record a writer reading a story for , might u be willing to do it?
Thanks glad you like them.
I can't help it you're always on my timeline!
I love you too!!! Let's hangout soon!:)
Have you ever really danced on the edge? The count of three is up
“: Dear Rose, There was definitely enough room on that for the both of us. Sincerely, Jack.”
I realized why I was shaking. I'm cold haha
thks Bro, much appreciated, but the #grind is just starting
RT “: “You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Gandhi #quotes #rocktheretweet RT ”
NOTEVEN. DO YOU HAVE YOUR PHONE? I WANNA SHOW YOU
Time for bed goodnight y'all!
Oh shoot big dyl in the house!! Thanks broz.
please call me im interested in what u do Dean 914-299-6804 thanks
Let the losers worry about losing
Really? Haha riight forgot -_- Wait did the Miranda concert already happen?
Congrats..that's a gr8 feeling RT : I have earned the right to be lazy today!
Oh. My. God. That's absolute insanity. I saw some ranting in my timeline, had no idea this bad! Thanks for ur follow-up piece!
? if something like that where 2 happen 2 me I'd tell U even if I myself knew that I did nothing wrong & it wasn't a big deal
Beautiful thought. RT : anyone who loves us is a gift. im glad you had james.
Cool, thanks. Hopefully we can create some content worthy enough to grace the pages of BrewHoop.
aye i have a game tomorrow i have to be at 820ish so yeah..
i cant stand half of the people in my grade.
Lmao apparently if you ask someone if the find frozen gumbo to let you know your hitting on them sir you 30 someone I'm 17 try again
RT": These #strayfacts are keeping me & entertained. Love it. " FACT.
A great audition + family + the beach = A great day!
I agree on the latter. I don't know if I'll ever get used to seeing #18 in a Denver jersey.
what up bro!
no one expects the Spanish inquisition!
Tickets on sale now! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
no problem Payton :) miss you girl! <3
I love 8th grade drama so much!! some kids just want attention too bad. #grow up please
#chicago code 3 tote gunz shoot dice
Thank you!! And may we say if we didn't last night: you looked fabulous!
I have that picture too! Jrs days were the best Haha
yay agency clients! i miss spending the draft with them and you
“: Thank you for your excellent presentation on Twitter for Professionals #amasalunch” Awesome presentation!
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. Frank Tyger
I heart ! Free roundup of upcoming DC events via top think tanks, political orgs, advocacy groups, associations & universities
how fun! Is there a glamping resort there?
How many calories might one burn for swinging for, say, an hour? *crossing fingers hoping I burned off the icecream*
": Fuck watching a porn movie I wanna make one!!! Who's down!!?" Let's make one
Looks like I'm not going to the banquet. Sorry
#kids Children's Heritage Day at Depreciation Lands Museum, Sun, May 6 1:00p: The Depreciation Lands Museum, a living history museum and...
Here we go! Best time of the year
thanks! I think we're stopping there now!
u bet I did!!
"You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them. ” --Maurice Sendak
Claire Danes stars in the suspenseful new #SHOWTIME drama #HOMELAND from Executive Producers of 24, SUNDAYS @ 10 PM ET/PT after
Accurately counting jobs is do-able to a pretty high degree of confidence. It's accurately counting the jobless that's hard.
I learned to worry bout myself and don't care what anyone has to say to me...cuz yall mfs cant get me to college or pay my bills...therefore
Some say: If you do not believe the end justifies the means. Then you are not a Democrat. ,)
Hey, have you ever heard of this netflix thing. It's really awesome and doesn't cause you to procrastinate at all.
Ok, a real question from a lazy cook. I hate sifting flour. Why isn't it good enough to give it a solid whisking?
Thought we'd let everyone know that our lead actress is now on Twitter, though she's not much of a tweeter.
Ice and Snow Falling here! It is Freezing!!
Just to be clear: I grew up in Alaska, and I love Canadians.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner! Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP ! You guys are awesome xx
Happy 1st day of Spring. Russian River Tasting tonight 5-8PM with Younger, Elder, Damnation, Sours & More.
Wow, looks like the Scientology Religion DOES believe in "Happy Endings"....
Don't worry- next comes your skin... :)>
Soaking up the sunshine on lunch break at District 4 conference!
Like the idea of an architecture of participation
Must see movie "The Back Up Plan" with Jennifer Lopez & Alex O'Loughlin - You will want to see it again.. FUNNY
Love being out in CLE working with the Great team to work with, very excited to have the opportunity!
thanks for the correction I got trigger happy :)
im kinda bored :/ -_______________________________-
This is an intense, hard-hitting game. Gotta love playoff hockey. Let's hope #Caps can break through in the 3rd
Safe travels !
to Portland Oregon from Newark NJ
Henry Winkler was an executive producer on Macgyver.
Whats more educational the imats or make up show?
Love me some
Aang's son and Toph's daughter went out??!
I just tried out my new elevator pitch but the ball bounced off the door and smashed me in the face
You're welcome. High five for the #NOH8 love in your icon!
and Harvey McKnight -- many thanks for your kind support !
hit the Royal Flush on Zynga Poker
you should send Martha in your place!!!! Lol
Sounds like it's a "Dancer In The Dark" kind of night. . .
I have to get up early for church. Grrrrrr my parents make me go.
Oh my gosh, your new avi is cute. <3 Hit my follow button please? (:
Thank you for that kind & touching message on FB. You're a living doll. RT : Happy bday, !!! Hope it's sick!!!
my mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea.
Omg somebody please help my dog just ate a whole double snickers what do I do? :(
Also, props to Kenny Florian for pronouncing the D'Arce choke correctly.
I;m tweeting to test some widgets I installed on my home page
R.I.P. William Wesley "Billy" Neighbors February 4, 1940 – April 30, 2012 I sure hope Heaven has a Hall of Fame
I always love this!
how did you FIND me!?
I see. But I'd say source fragmentation has been an issue since 1900s. I thought you were raising issue of preservation.
is financial reporting!
Loving life!
sounds legit I'll buy it! You probably dropped a modified F bomb. But it's all good you can get away with things like that
"Well maybe i’m not perfect, at least i’m working on it" - Hello Cold World
Starting today, reading science fiction and drinking wine on my roof isn't "taking a break from work." It is work, yay!
At the I.D. Street Festival hangin with an old friend, Chef Sam of Phnom Penh Noodle House, my fav since I was 10://tweetphoto.com/32166898
It's basket-trading time.
Good table draw, Gavin smith on my right w less than 10bb and no one has over 50k chips
I don't have cable or anything...but #GoogleTV works great on #ESPN3 to watch the #fiestabowl :)
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
sure! send your address to stickers at apigee dot com and we'll mail you a bunch
And let us not lose heart and grow weary and faint in acting nobly and doing right, for in due time and at the appointed season we shall re…
u n rubbed off on us
Putting finishing touches on presentation for IPA Leadership Conference in AZ end of the week. Speaking about SM and CM. See ya there?
That ackward moment when you get stuck in the window
#DailyRebellion: The next time a man interrupts you at a meeting, put him in his place.
Jackson Co. early voting: Rep. Gov. candidate Perry takes 122 votes and Hutchinson 144. Dem. Gov. candidate White takes 132.
Split advertising costs with the people who sell to you. Vendors and manufactures are always looking for exposure
...have been impossible to wear a bra with too!
If you were to ask Santa for any Ford Motor Company vehicle this Christmas, what year and model would it be?
- The drummer, man. You play guitar like that, you need a SOLID drummer.
Calm down
why do we even go to school tomorrow if were getting out at 10:30. there's no point
Found out I'm getting an Advanced Certificate™ from Pratt, figures I'd forget all about it as soon as my last class ended oh so long ago.
Yea. Bravo. Hilarious!!!
Watchin alone today. (meaning) I'm going 2 have 2 abuse my twitter priveldges today so DEAL...Lord knows I do it for alot of you
since september i been listed, and had it about 4 years
They're suppose to be about happiness and when a bump in the road comes, get over it and be stronger as a COUPLE. #maturerelationships >>>>
3:58pm miami vs kansas st kickoff
RT Today is World Book Night in the U.S.! Who out there is participating?
Pandas are the fluffiest!
Bruce Weber to Kansas State (in case they did not interrupt class to tell you)
About to start a 3 hour meeting that promises to be extremely boring. I REALLY hope something interesting happens so twitter entertains me
If you don't start using 50 Shades of Cray, I don't think we can be friends. I'm pretty sure it's the best idea I've had all year
Ahh! I'm so jealous. In 2005 they came to Minneapolis, MN but the show was 18+ and I was 17 at the time (haha)...
Shut up They're lucky they got that rebound.
so um i miss & already! see you soon, have safe trips:)<3
Found a penis-shaped Cheeto and I was gonna save it, perhaps put it on ebay... my partner found it on the counter & tossed it :(
Love seeing a lady in the cockpit this morning !
Everyone get stoked for 6/18!
thank you sir, obviously because YOU LIKE MONEY! RT : baseball season rolling in you know who I fuck with
old lady told me she was getting a mammogram today. how was your morning?
sf jazz festival opens fri -- olodum, & sold out! Next up: don't miss chris potter underground on 9/25 -- great band, high energy music.
im from good ol' austin, texas!!
...the people that shone the light upon it with the power of 1000 suns
If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio.
Last night date cancelled on me and another guy straight up said I was ugly. Think I'll forget with brunch somehow...
I considered unfollowing you when you said it.
Funny how a blazer can change the whole look of an outfit. Its so hot in here I had to take mine off and now I feel a little hoochie-fied
:-) spank you, spank you very much
On a bridge while its thunder and lightining out....
my fault...and
Merry Christmas all! One of my favorite presents so far: Giant 6 oz jar of cumin. M. It's like a cheat code for cooking.
The problem with the Bucks is being in the middle. They'll never get a high draft pick, and never better than the 6 seed. .500 or so always.
congrats on winning the race you kicked butt.
I'm okay, better then yesterday, what about you?
Snow predicted? Finally time to dust off my winter avatar
Seriously, we need UConn & Lville to folo. Coach K might cry real tears.
Im likein dis anthony hamilton album
good ! how about you? :)
Honestly, everything is better with hot sauce. It's just true.
There comes a time where you have to let go
#obama2012 probably clinched NY, DE and California by coming out of the gay marriage closet.
yep, en route to BC. I'll be back soon!
We are excited to welcome , & this week for #FoodTruckFriday benefiting
I may not be the biz to you.. but my momma thinks I made it
Oh gosh, love - I'm no model ! I just have enough confidence [:
that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. they think everyone else does too.
I hope this is due to Saturday night fun and not Sunday stress.
could you guys follow this Awesome , sweet Mahomie (: >>
you a pornstar?
It's burger time 1/2 for $2. Also, sailor William George Stephens I will be home tomorrow after 8 months at sea. Welcome home!
Mayweather walks out with 50Cent and Justin Bieber holding his belts..
what up! love the blog, have been wanting to go the pig roast.
Sabres need to make a move
I'm just waiting until they have to ask permission to publish their work. After all, the PR folks should have input on that!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday <3 (:
from now on...if you piss me off i'ma just rebuke you in the name of jesus!
I love Fort Worth, TX!!!
#Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday
Mad props to my #digiteam for being #socialmedia hustlers.
good thing muggers/rapists don't have twitter. :-)
haha, what's up?
Staying in Milwaukee and doing the weekend program. Very excited to get started. Great kickoff so far!
I am going to eat every kind of cold medicine in this house! We
3/4-1 mate, not great. Sent my dad to put my bet on, I'll let you know when he's back! Should put Frankel in too I think
w/e if you say so *Kanye shrugs*
-Thx for following! We'd luv to send u some tunes. Hit us back w/ an email?
we didn't have the appropriate tools Keebs. Otherwise, we could have. Believe me.
Say no to SUM drugs
THE PEOPLES ELBOW! old skool Rock...still can't hold Cena down!
alright... Just hangin in there
Discussion sparked by on need to build theoretical principles/framework for accessible design fm 's tools.
Curtis Granderson = God
doggie ice cream is magical.
leave me alone .
I love the / integration for my blog
Everything looks better with an Emoji <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
- wishing you a successful surgery and a safe recovery...not fun...been there...we're all rooting for you
": Did anyone ever notice, it's usually fake people that go around calling real people fake?"
ah man! I don't think the hours work with my schedule. Bummer!
What r they going to do when every team starts breaking the rules?
Your hair is green, mine was once purple, then fire red.
no.. Never
i hear u. biggest pet peeve
Knicks are on MSG tonight, all NHL games henceforth are on NBC networks exclusively. Rangers are on NBC Sports Network.
Can't wait for sum mcs at Beer Co tonight...
RT Did you know I'm virtual now? So what? That means I can help wherever you live or work! Signed, Your Shin Kicking Life Spark.
My mum turn it off in the car because she says she can't concentrate hahahaha.
Does anyone have an instagram?<3 if so follow me Peter Joan Grande i follow everyone back:) !
So long, We'll miss your crazy.
scratch that. Saved from a cab by refresh! Whew!
Nice to see is making his way back to KC. Welcome back, Johnny!
Just like & other papers can help PreK-3 reading by articles for parents; they can help point 2 #iastem foundations in news
FYI the mobile app lists artists with our booth numbers so it's super easy to find your favorites lickety-split!
OMG! Hot Sunday in LA :) Malibu beach? Yea! :) #HappySunday for all averyone :)
I did once you didn't text back, but besides that, you ain't lyin
I've seen 3 times now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> it's amazing <U+2764> x
Now all I have left is summer skool n 1 more semester...graduation here I come
Omg! when... people think they're funny, but they're just annoying. <<
Fab. Design Tip: Bring in fruit and forsythia branches and place in water to enjoy early blossoms.
My creeping skills have never failed me
#LeylandBall at its best. Win one lose one. Yesterday we won one, so that means that theoretically today we lose one.
Cool. Lemme know b/c I think kombucha making would be a hit.
My ears hurt, my throat hurts, my nose won't stop running. Fucking allergies!
it's 's birthday. Please wish her a Happy Birthday?
That sounds great! We're looking forward to coming out to the Music Joint this weekend!
And tell me that we belong together.
If you use whiteout to erase people on facebook and twitter you might be a digital redneck.
Umm...we might be related? Hah where in Crockett County does your family live?! I'm here now..
Stayed home today. Watching #DeadlyWomen with momma :)
Hm wait a minute!
Is there a 5th floor of Sardis?!?
follow me ??? please ??? pretty pretty please?? I love you ! . <3 please please please :)
Well I wanted to go out tonight, but this rain is currently pissing all over my plans.
#ThatsATurnOff when she is missing a few teeth
Yeah buddy! are in the zone!!! We're going streaking!!!!!
White ppl always have them corny love line... ugh
Thanks for the mention and support.
I def think I will! Especially bec I keep on having issues straining muscles while running so hopefully this helps!
In finally heard my song!!!!
but I used the Internet so I cheated just like what I do with my hw
I think I just stepped in some Nickelback.
i need you here with me now. . .
Jesse, I think you're amazing just the way you are now. Laughter is always great and we all still have that inner child.
after dinner let's braid each others hair like we're eleven but have big girl deinks
seriously diana!;)
thanks so much for the follow & the support, we plan on doing some giveaways so tell your friends!
Sapient is hiring; all geographies, roles and domains: marketing, creative, PM, business consultant, developer, technology architect, accou…
return the support, follow back! (:
As long as the economy continues to improve no GOP team will beat Obama except Jeb Bush/Condoleezza Rice and they aren't running.
I want a restraining order against winter. Unless it's like a #Law&Order restraining order, meaning the cold would find and kill me anyway.
happy 63rd birthday to ! doesn't look a day over 30! :-)
Haha puck lost in his shirt...I mean sweater
i LOVE your shirt(; lol
awh thanks sweetie
Who is coming to Richmond for the Installation of the Virginia Eta Chapter of #PhiKappaPsi Fraternity? April 21, 2012.
'if her shoes light up #shestooyoungforyoubro ' god ol' jersey shore
wait the Komets will be back next year right? I moved to Indy so I'm outta the loop
Me and Jaime are getting an apartment this year. (: going to Chavez (; band equals sacrifices
Soccer practice in a few
you know this! Thank you!!!
We’re having a chunky vs smooth #salsa showdown! Who’s the winner?
OR do you know who they mommas are? How many shits do they take each day? How big are the vocalist's balls in circumference divided by four?
I Might Slide Through The Bar Or Some.
ah ha don't order in the am less likely to be good
extra point is good!
I got ya covered well-deserving citizen
First truly spring-like day. Enjoying muchly.
No School today YaYA <3 :D
Dorothea: "I hear, Julia, that Lord Broadland has proposed to you. With his reputation, if I were you I would hesitate before accepting."
what are clothes , never heard of em'
CAN'T WAIT TILL TOU APOLOGIZE TO EVERYONE BUT ME! Hahaha you're a fucking joke. That'll show me who's boss
maybe it's just a cheap jersey. From a general sports store so not a rare specialized thing.
Am i loitering if im waiting for some one
Who will star in the Kim Jong Il biopic?!?1?!
#girlswithnoass don't have cellulite.... I do have an ass.... I rather have boobs
Also, nice rhyme.
In colerain for anyone in the area interested in getting tickets
I am way to drunk still to b trying to move
Budget budget budget!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU CRAZY PANTLESS BABE!
Oh boy. What did I get myself into?? Lol. dance studio to take class w/ jaime rogers...
Thanks to i cant stop watching 's videos!!! hahaha :) hes so cute xD
>>> personal trainer.
im at xalos in anaheim brotha you?
Yikes....coyotes are all over by my house
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Nevada take on Southern Mississippi in the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl on ESPN @ 7pm CST/8pm ET.
There should be a moment you have were you say "Brunette Moment" cause Ive seen some pretty dumb ass Burnetts
RT : I gave that bitch some toilet paper and told her she was the shit
Good Morning, My Dear Followers! Wish You Great Day (<U+041F><U+0420><U+0415><U+041A><U+0420><U+0410><U+0421><U+041D><U+041E><U+0413><U+041E> <U+0434><U+043D><U+044F>!!!)!
We have to hold the banner during half time for the Bobcats' show. Fun but we'd rather go eat a cookie.
<trying not to laugh out loud in front row>
There are 2 types of shows: the trade shows you are attending and the trade shows you want to. Ask what shows you target market attends?
My 9-yr-old loves the Flintstones! Kids will get it.
great job Luke!
Oh, I knew you'd have the answer!
I hope had nothing to do with the Indiana State Fair event.
So what's your plans for the day
Just completed five articles on dog nail clippers. Some fun, huh? Next, am going to do some work on one of my sites - on cures for headaches
Hey put Volcano fillings in a Cool Ranch Shell.
I don't think any city has ever been happier for rain.
very healthy!
yes it was a humorous take on how gay guys confront sex and technology
sorry been busy (imagine that) 12:30 is good, just waiting to hear back from hubby on locale!
Thanks for the RT about our Sweepstakes!
We had an AWESOME time! Thank you for everything. Talk to you soon!!
Because he's starring in a futuristic porno this summer.
thanks for following
lol ikr...I was having a good nap too. Couldn't even be mad lol
Thanks! We're so glad you joined us on Saturday night!
I am no longer responding to by order of
Kevin Quigley: NPCA will commit to promoting non competitive eligibility.
thanks glad you enjoyed it!
Drying my hair (:
your welcome!! mines pretty good so far how about u??
Interview for what media?
There's a followup meeting next week at has 15%-off coupons for the boards. May be a group forming here.
HMM, NOT SURE! RT : Do you know what they are going to put at LaBrea & Fountain where Jon's used to be?
have a blast!!!
Otp with him , so GoodNight
": Shes the best!!" thank u thank u u far too kind
Oh and the cd is a collector's item! There are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly! So cool! Thanks again to
Amy Adams lied to me. Singing a song about cleaning does not, in fact, cause your apartment to be cleaned.
<3 that's so cool! <3
I notice everything , I just dont say shit !
Earlier today I participated in a focus group at ! Great ideas and a Great time! Brought back memories of my Site Specialist days!
So who all is coming to #health2con in Boston? I'm trying to put together a twitter attendance list!
#wewasgooduntil You talked about me. While I was right there
hey boo boo
oh i guess that's a little better
damn. Your boy is going hard
At Angel Stadium, watching the Angeles vs Braves. Go Angels, I take it the rapture didn't happen or I was left behind.
Oh pop punk. Dead genre is dead.
just sang one of my all time favorite songs
Life is a constant journey !! <3
Orange juice with pulp >>>
if we twitter enough will we see the top of the bottom of the mountain someday? no one knows
There is an inevitability in living life for the sake of love. Chás This...
12/17 3 days! Thanks for the advice! I hope I follow it!
Really wish would follow me!!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 81
where you at? I'm almost outta here
no you don't blackberry phones suck
RT : LAREDO! Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL... at COSMOS.
Cough cough liar.
and so begins my last week of work at the library. I'll be unemployed by week's end! :(
My art-directing debut: "FROWNING" at the Atlanta Film Festival! wp.me/p1iOCN-9n
Avoid wishful thinking by identifying risks and learning how to place realistic expectations on your projects.
A friend is looking for an apt. in NYC to swap for her 3-bed apt. in Copenhagen (Vesterbro).
Check out this blog for a great Kombocha squash recipe. It's that time of year! Go to the Farmers Market Uptown for one today!...
oh wow! thanks for the article!!! looks amazing!
tomorrow when is on #iCarly i'll probably pee my pants. their terrible acting will get to me.
PXY Jingle Jam tickets before 7am. When you hear Lady Gaga "Poker Face" call us!!! These are exclusive Party Pit passes...up close
he is horrible.
Every time I park in the garage at work, I say a little prayer that I'm actually in a parking spot.
you can easily regulate anything if you have a
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "Does the make my butt look big" :-)
That's a common view of Landmark Education, yes. And, that doesn't match my experience at all, in any of the courses I've taken
Very...convinced of Nashville's music scene. Wow.
beauty wins!
Bless your heart Dad for a super Mother's Day! It's still your night tho, so come in for 1/2 off your man food - tell them 'wendy' sent U!
Well not quite. But I at least know I can generate more interest than I thought I could. Got callback for third interview.
"If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one!" - Cavett Robert
mitt romney said President Obama "wants to take us backward", BUT it is the GOP who is already attempting to take us back 100 years. NO GOP!
LOKI YOU GIVE ME SO MANY FEELS. YOU'RE A FROST GIANT?!?! WHAT IS THIS MADNESS?!?
Where did Danny Woodhead come from, like all year? He's playing well...
have fun! wait till you see our newest addition..
You and me both. Looks like Arsenal is probably fairly safe in that No. 3 spot.
didnt you say goodnight two tweets ago?!
do it! Would love to read that...
Well, s belated "congrats" on passing the French exam! *Here's to hoping for a miracle in the form of passing the Spanish exam
Tonight Jack Daniels presents Shiny Toy Guns
Have been given a room. 11th floor. The view is spectacular!!!
i just feel like lisa did not act professional at all and therefore shes out
Moist as a Snack cake !!!
I think David Hammons would be my choice.
and I couldn't be happier.
what is twitter jail ? Sorry I'm new to twitter -.-
Frustrating customer service experience from #Bestbuy #fail. Rep transferred me to ask a question and they didn't pick up! Call terminated
Isaiah 28:16 If you are relying on someone or something other than trusting in God, you are building your life on a shaky foundation.
G I know this sounds lame; but have you tried the Dunkin Doughnuts coffee.
someone bring me a new wardrobe and shoes please.
So cool that there were so many ppl in my living room tonight for an online concert! :) The UK, Canada, Italy & the US were all represented!
are y'all going to the meet tomorrow
Reggie Evans questionable for Game 7 due to injured tailbone from flopping.
I love music every song i listen to takes me to an new world.
hehe my crazy weird perverted little mind <33 XP
You brought down the house yesterday at the event. Impressive work, my man.
Right!? RT : Creating a social media presence is essentially an invitation for dialogue.
r u headed back this way yet
I am excited to see #J.Edgar tomorrow. Too cold to walk to the theater?
Oh Thanks to Google I now know. And um . Eew.
Is a phone call at 1 ever good?
People in your circles can re-share your posts outside of the limited audience that you shared it with.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the message!
I hope by some miracle you remain a Charger. I enjoyed your play and of course your ever changing hair style. Gregg Cantor
#hth2012 Yan: 7 Wonders Poll (despite professional criticism) made huge nationalist feelings (and tourism industry). Crowd-sourced zaniness
Enjoying a wind down with some à Deux red tonight. It's just an easy going red that you can pick up anytime at a reasonable price.
Bad that my first thought was Palsgraf? Train platforms are risky business... better stay home, Phillies fans.
done and done :)
Shocking but his tweet mentioned Derrick Lee.
LOVE the Foucault/Borges reference in the taxonomy!
So fun that #MetsAreBetterThan is trending in NY. It's not April anymore..
yup me to
looks like studio A at the village
lol where did you work at
On tap for today: #Schubert & #Corigliano. Oh, and finding tix to 's "Pearl Fishers," which opens this weekend!
South Bend makes a top ten list: Cities for cheapskates
Still enjoying cool weather in southern california
#NACUA kicks off compliance workshop with one of highest turnouts ever
You're gonna kill! Break a leg!!
Hungry, ? Craving #garlic, #bread, #pasta, #mozzarella, #sandwich, #bolognese, #lasagna, #pizza, or a #calzone? We’ve got it all!
when a boy truly likes you, he will do anything possible to talk to you, and see you.
#lessexcitingbandnames Nathan Dog.
I was leaning towards booting her off bit beating her.
Peeked at some of my old boxing videos... sigh. Makes me want to get back into it...
did ya know female koalas have 2 vaginas and the males have 2 penises? lol
Hanging out with (:
well....am sorry for bothering U...but live your life...seriously be happy..the life is gone
It's never too early for venison.
I keep thinking is Scotty McCreery... Well they are both amazing<333
www.scoresluda.com Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! you don't stop. You keep on. You don't stop. Ha!
Omg ._. I didn't recognize your number, THAAHAA. Sorry.
Sounds cute! I haven't seen you or in a thousand years.
took a couple days but yeah I don't want a 24 inch one lol.
BREAKING: owner of Muskingum Co exotic animal farm found dead...some animals still on loose
Thanks for the RT/mention!
Excited to have you! RT Excited to be speaking about Social Media 101 at the #nciv1story conference this afternoon!
to all u haterz do what you do i ain't gonna waste my time on u !!!!!!
cant wait to have sister time and the tine of our lives of I can ever get though this traffic! #daytonbound!!
It is a good thing MSM isn't doing their job, they don't know how well Ron Paul is really doing thus keeping Rom/Oba in the dark.
Have you ever had a dream in which Capital appeared?
i like this color on you...
Help me, Twitterverse! What is your favorite iPad app for Twitter and specifically for tweeting at conferences?
love the about section. Great message!
Hahaha, no its a fact(:
How are you feeling about the #NBA team signups and resignations?
Delete from facebook : done . Delete from msn: done. Delete number from phone : done . Delete from heart : ERROR.
They said they down for the team but playing two damn sides
Time to unzip these pants into shorts!
": "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand"
Don't forget to mark your calendars for the 3rd annual crawl on May 26th. #librarians & fans of #libraries are welcome! More to come!
Dolly Parton. FTW.
how much do u pay for what you're on? And how close are you to a border town?
luv u too
OPM looking at student hiring to help share message that working for Feds is cool
Apparently Brad Pitt is going as Kato Kalin to for the night
Question of the day: What was your favorite game as a child?
i think i need have some fun what should i do on this rainy day?
LMAO KOUTR YOU DID THE RIGHT THING RUB IT IN HIS FACE NOW HE HAS A PISSY FACE PUT THE DAMN SIT DOWN NEXT TIME LOL
Crunch time w
Mama is off this week, giving thanks for all of our twitter followers and family!! Have a HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!
RT : introduced the ZeroHouse 2.0 model home in San Antonio. #SunPower systems on the roof increase
Thank you! <3
Somebody text me
I really need a lesson in cutting mango. It's probably not as hard as I make it.
Wow... someone's PROUD to be a "Certified Porn Star"? Dr Phil.......
This explains a lot about what those geese did to my car. RT Birds have no bladder. Their urine comes out in their poop.
Did you know we sell antivirus software? Avast, Avira, Malwarebytes Anti-Malware, SUPERAntiSpyware, and often for less. Home and Business.
True. Hopefully that won't be too much longer now. I think once book 2 is out, it'll go thru the roof! NY Times Best Seller!
In a rush, whip open slider, run full on into the glass door. Classic. Cant help but laugh at self. Priceless.
RT I'm often asked why anyone would choose to be gay. Well, for starters, the food is better.
We will be releasing an app update next week.
Spark has joined IBO toolbox!
Lalala avoiding my homework.
you said you would like me better if i didn't always try so hard.
The movie "Enough" is so damn intense.
1450 AM. Right now! Do it!
half-day. & now i have two AWESOME sandwiches.. life is good. (:
I just received my goodies from and the lipgloss is phenom!
Take a picture of your face!
It's so late but all I wanna do is listen to music
"Dildo and Anus" is exactly what we musicians call it :P
ha! You have long been one of the funniest people on my twitter feed - seriously so happy to have run into you yesterday. :)
New fav "to do" - check out my friends weekends thru Instagram on Sunday nights
That makes two of us! Thrilled to join the dev team and can't wait to make an impact.
My pleasure, David...NY was sunny today, so not too bad :). Hope all is well in your side of the world!
Def Leppard was right then - Love Bites!
Nava is batting sixth? This is a thing that is happening?
"7,200 men a month knowingly purchase sex from adolescent girls in the Atlanta area" - applied sociologist in ATL
a solution to your multiple twitter accounts problem. Maha on AppStore. And it's free today.
I'm trying to quit cold turkey but I've got all these leftovers in the fridge
#FF looking forward to #SummoningTheSacred next week! Peace...
studying for finals is as much fun as banging my heard with a syphillis infested koala.
Saw Johnny depp's doppelganger today. So naturally
afraid for my poor iMac's life. please don't die!!
Freak Fest is usually the Saturday before Halloween. Tons of bands, tons of costumes, tons of alcohol. It's great.
aw shucks
The thing that hurts the town in their "quest" to enforce this new rule is that they are telling the bars that they can .....
"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah"
25 Stunning Stats of the Royal Rumble
Integrating apps with the #salesforce Nonprofit Starter Pack? any integration with client services? would rock
Konichiwa! Long Time I ahven't Been on Twitter..
I'm all for that. But if the gravy still flows, what would inspire them mess with the variables on empire they already have?
Bitch is so used, I wouldn't sell her in a second-hand store.
the haters are going to hate...don't worry bout none of them the #whodat nation stands behind you 100%
All our beers in bombers will rotate through on tap. We simply don't have enough capacity to keep every last beer on tap full time.
I want to know who has gone to any of the concerts for the Better With U Tour, and is it as amazing as i think it is? i can't go to one):
Who likes morning beer!
Which school Angela?
rock, pop, rap...oldies mostly. Only a handful of country songs I'll tolerate & they are older.
Thanks! I had an amazing actor playing my fiance... Maybe you've heard of him? He's kind of a big deal!
Sounds like my dad. He's such a knit-wit.
updated A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993
Ur mommas so short, she was sitting on the curb swinging her legs...
my world is turning upside down. my relationship with everyone is changing.
that is an excellent point.
Nice timing on #JoePa cover! No renewal here!
well then I guess they are good for you! Panicked person on a plane is never good.
Good luck to us!!!
We're having a Gov2.0 #barcamp in oakland June 4-codeforoakland.eventbite.com--wish you could come!
Busy here too, except today was the last day of semester, should free up some time!
I am tired of Mike Mayock spilling the beans on these draft picks. He's totally getting inside info. LAME.
Yes, and we know that was lie, just like Ron Paige, GW Bush and NCLB. I worked for HISD for 1 yr. SO dysfunctional.
#Preds are gonna beat down Phoenix tonight!
A huge series win today for the Bat Cats against #1 LSU. Now UK is in 1st place in the SEC and possibly #1 in the country again. GO BIG BLUE
yayyyyyy i just got booked for a big commercial.... details coming soon!!! <U+2665> ya
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
Better half laments lack of space after acquisition of the plum drums, but is enjoying the cushy drum throne for his horn pursuits.
Is anyone covering the Democratic candidate Joe Donnelly?
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs.
Step into my world and see if you can even stand against the gravity
librarian in makerspace = guide, resource person, co-learner. Just like in other venues, no?
#hatjoke by prof emeritus commencement
Let your friends be the friends of your deliberate choice.
Kinda like this: 1) Start Royals Blog 2) ??? 3) Profit!
Again, while I'm on your side- aren't concessions the only way theaters make money? (PS- I love holding hands!!)
Watch tv with my friend Jack we watch the movie "just like haven" I love it !
madison langley game was terrible we lost so hard
“: (817): I might not remember all of last night but I clearly remember the part where I humped the mailbox.”
Bulls actually, my mother is a Taurus -->RT“: RT if you were raised by wolves”
Just got my VIP to Hopscotch! is going to be worth staying up for!
Yeah, I'm starting to use instagram a lot. I'm still getting the hang of it tho
But I like to keep somethings to myself
Blessed to have such a wonderful girlfriend by my side.
Ms. did you get the latest video I submitted?
Going to Tampa for few days ! Looking forward to it !
how u like being host? Do u think ready to be a server?
Bruh females and celebrities...yes we know you'd eff him, you slick a hoe lol
I'm feeling like the fuckin man!!!!
she's my music enhancer when the music plays she's my dancer when i'm around her everything's faster every question i have she's the answer
Writing my Art History paper and drinking beer from a coffee mug. Yep, staying classy.
If you're not at the gym then where are you
she may need directed to your fridge of goodies...it has saved us from a kid meltdown before!
Working in the southern bridal show!!!! :))))
haha noo. you were the first person to talk to me! :P
The fact that I already have two strikes against me is a huge strike against you.
Awesome. Danny Granger did, in fact, make the trip!
Wow I Wonder How Princeton Reacted . . .
doing an interview for UTEP's The Prospector about Terror Eyes, would you mind if I asked you about what you like about them?
Ayers: "Deans and Presidents love this stuff." Agree. Also librarians. And Good Samaritans who swoop in to help:#NITLE, DHSI, THATCamp...
Omg me and the are in the same state eeeeppppp :P
Watching Girl with the Dragon Tattoo!
Some of us feel bad about it in the morning though. Not saying I do. But some guys.
#thingsthataresexy need i say more ;) love them
Have you seen the iPad Mini? It's a phone too.
Thank you!
It's EVERYWHERE! Have you seen it?? Kinda freaky... & have released the video for 'Turn Me On'!...
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
explains why I got t.co link to sfy.co link; one blocked, one not. Gotta be careful with RT then
You have a great weekend too! I'm in Charleston attending a board meeting. Gotta love site-seeing. Weather here is fabulous!
you're ligit!
RT : Declutter your inbox with sweep: Tell Hotmail to move or delete newsletters automatically.
Barman Owner named it for the Bison Grass spirit Zubrowka (only place in town with it). btw thx teacher
Suggestions for our fall & winter menus?! Both drinks and food! What are your favorite fall dishes?!
I've only had to do that's few times and once he contradicted the agent, who was pissed.
same over here. Relieving tension with a few rounds of tic tac toe with B. Start fast & finish strong.
Dear twitter followers, when flips her hair, does it make YOU overwhelmed?
& you're over here asking me what my tweets are about. Check yourself.
Microsoft ’s partnership strategy: we ’ll take what we can get
can't wait to see you Tuesday. :)
I told them I could sell my iPod...but they said no :c
Have the Nobel prizes been awarded yet for this year? My discovery: When your chocolate syrup bottle is almost empty put the milk inside it.
Tell em Bun B. JUST LIKE THAT
Best attractions: Constitutional Walking Tour & Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour! www.spiritsof76.com, www.phillywalk.com
Timing critical on deals.
Need to figure out a way to get Wedge Salads in the vending machine at work.
things are good - I see you survived another TT pre-draft special! Hope Paul and team Wilde and your girls are doing well!
Take away the letter "L" from Nahuatl & you get ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs/word-concepts!!
I'm very simple.. all I ask is be real wit me n ill be 100 wit u. Cheatin is kid shyt n I'm grown. If u wanna do somethin different say that
Filling in at the anchor desk tonight on 12 News at 6 and on 12 News after the game. Join us in 10 minutes and tonight around 10:30!
Taylor Swift >>>
That moment when you go somewhere looking like crap and all of a sudden you see everyone you know.
Congrats, Ryan!
who is the most annoying person in the wwe
Too many thoughts. Sometimes I say too much.
Everyday gets a little harder, when people who you think are trustworthy won't be there really
lol thanks I'm gonna need ALL the luck in the world!
haha I figured what a dick
extremity: something that is extreme: the farthest part
So jealous...": Just played the marvel mmo for a while. Nerdtastic!"
The speed of time is one-second per second
Nah we have enough bologna words in the dictionary.Ush is in there.You know "I'll have the Ush"that is why other countries hate us!
he should let you read Romette and Julio. It's really good.
Happy St. Patricks Day!
PETA is coming after you of you're not careful
"I think anyone would've been a better Rosalie than Nikki Reed." "Bitch, please. You just jealous."
RT : Attending Gazelles Growth Summit in Orlando. great line of up speakers including Chip Heath (Switch) and Liz Wiseman...
If people find the sites you tag to be interesting, emotionally engaging, or timely they may follow the trail back to your site
Thanks everyone for the #FF today...
Don't celebrate others pain and don't be part of the gossip Ugly inside makes you ugly outside Focus on love and the light
All mahomies should go follow she follows back (:
Moore is perfect 4 New Orleans. They use a unique blocking scheme for Brees to open passing windows since he cant see over t/ line
During these elections, don't forget those running for San Diego Judge.San Diego Deputy DA Gordon Peed is the ONLY choice for his seat.
I just bought one of your shirts im so excited :)
I hate this basketball game. I'm switching to the radio. I can't watch this trash
why are you retweeting me?
The ego is your self-image; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control...
The Summer 2012 Olympics start in 15 weeks! What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
It's always weird when your playing poker w some people they go home & sleep & they come back next day & u still playing.
RT : Do taco Tuesday pacific northwest style with our crispy Idaho stream raised catfish tacos!
Filmed my first commercial! Fantastic Experience!!
“: "Sometimes you just gotta go black on 'em" // Lessons I've learned from Alex Gee =)” Hilatrious, Will Choi!!!!
NO she is a self absorbed bitch
I seriously believe over half my readers of my fanfic are me. :P
Hello! I'm here!
Check out our single "Vibe" everyone!
Julian: "My Milkshake-" Am I the only one who heard Julian say that?!
thats a #win.. need to put that on your careers page
What doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
Happy 18th birthday Terrence!!! You are an amazing influence to me. There is no one like you. Have a good cake day!!!
Fighting changed me and I came to realize its not the hurt that changed me it was the battle wound I acquired while I try to fight, and lost
Eastbound and Down west coast style.
My 7 month little brother"sings"everytime his taking a bath. Its cute so I was joking around and said his gunna grow up to be a singer:D
Damn. Karmin can rap with the best!!! She got
Yeah. Hawk fans can stfu now!!!!
lol, well whatever there is for us to do in Chicago is cool with me
SOBER = Staying Off Booze Enjoying Recovery
Thanks so much for the mention.
puttin in hard work Sinsay Palmer
Smoking on my roof >>>
Supermoon Virgo Full Moon Magic at 11:10AM PST tomorrow! What super-spiritual spring cleaning are you going to do?
Beg for my forgiveness? I'd rather you beg for your life.
I love love love crackerjack marketer john. Hope all is well.
I do mental housekeeping today. I clean up any negative thoughts and let them go. I make room for new positive thoughts to live in my mind.
I laugh when I see someone tweet a complete lie, do you think people believe your bullshit?
Well, that got out of hand. Real quick.
seriously. post it lol
I ain't scared! Punk self
Today was a short yet long day.. Got a nasty NASTY headache & I hope these new meds kick in soon.. Sleepy time for me.. Nite peepz..
Jaden Smith was lookin pretty cute .
your tweet inspired my own #LAKings #Instagram tweet haha :)
This Cinnamon Toast Crunch made me feel better <3
Ha! MT : Lady at store asked me, "what does (#) mean when my son types on FB?" She shows me: "#MyMomIsWhack" Me: "Oh, nothing."
follow and submit your short film or promo to and he'll post it on his tumblr page. Everyone's a winner.
I hope everyone had a great and blessed Thanksgiving,
's version of "walk with me lord"...love love love this version!
The artist is not a person endowed w/free will who seeks his own ends,but one who allows art to realize its supreme purpose through him.Jung
The more we live -- the more we learn -- the more we know. Happy Wednesday!!!
Totally forgot I had an English project
I need 44 more followers 2 900 & 144 untill 1000 so if i get 12 followers each day for 12 days then i shall have 1000 followers
Celebrating the birthday of one of the most brilliant innovators of our time, the ever great Steve Jobs.
I miss you to
I'm sorry I don't give two fucks about yoursb or anyone else's relationship
where are you located?
welcome to Twitter!
can you ask Ari what the sauce is on the sausage/goat cheese pizza at tiny's... I am on a mission
LOL go inside the Hotel cant u??
Im at and let me tell you it is really pretty here..... This has to be the first time i.
#sweaternews sporting his blue strips, a favorite around the office. Goes well w/ the black rimmed glasses. Nice work, dude.
The air had it coming, too.
I choose to interpret this as a metaphor.
kids up
"That's a great name for a novelist or a character...Bryce Harper. Mhm. -Vin Scully
You'll be the prince and I'd be the princess...... Romeo save me!
Moving on to gaming in online STEM education at #sloancres live panel discussion. Scientist virtual role play!
Selkie-cat has discovered all the short-cut buttons at the top of the keyboard i didn't even know that i had. she's genius.
Thank you :)
Going to follow some followers of =)
i know man! Im excited!
Aroldis Chapman warming up in the pen. Maybe the Brewers can win 1-0 in 15.
#boniver concert with and co - #yeahyeahyeah so excited!
Hey this is Stan from the studio the guys told me you had a tour yesterday, just wanted to introduce myself
wish you guys were in WI with us.
LOL - that's not nice....": RT : "The Artist" is the ultimate fantasy film - a world where the French are silent."
You guys do awesome work!
Don't settle for some greasy lunch today..have one of our fresh made to order Salads, served in French Boule Bread! Eat Good - Feel Good! h
RT if your BA competency training is obsolete
SHM to the girls who icon pic is half of there face and their whole xhest SMH
:) wish you were here, b!
I know she'll like you!:)
You're* <3
We went from long conversation to barely a hello.
chillin at tha casa... fresh new haircut with the fitted, got both ears pierced, new outfit, with some new shades... life is good :)
I have something you really have to see. And touch.
Jan Cohen Cruz discusses new collaboratories initiative, which replaces critical exchange grant.
I try!
Welcome to La Cofradia, come and enjoy Exquisite Peruvian Cuisine at incredible prices. Come and enjoy New Year's with us.
That is the way it is suppose to be
AutoDesk: We should be treating computing as an abundant resource, use it to find optimal solutions thru evolutionary design.
Taking a stroll down The Avenue today? Come into the B and get yourself a delicious Grassfed Beef Burger!
yes we try :)
nothing just waking up haha, idk if I know you? but anyways I'm Wanya like Kanye but with a Wan in front of it haha
#Blink182 #Down makes everyday better :D
Fuck I forgot how to play o_o
me...your watch is in..and some other things for u too...free...smile:)
And man its been forever and a day since I last saw you! Nice to see ya tonight! Next Time less shopping and more talking!
He's 3. And LOVES to be naked.
Nothing like a quiet Friday at the office. A good mix of social, smiles and getting work done.
Good luck!!!!
khan is Great !
Anyone wanting to playtest #PiratesDBG now (ish), ping me! :)
enjoy it better :)
I just heard right now from my friend . She thinks she saw it .
RT : Nice article featuring #smchi pro in today's
Apparently.... When it comes to style... There's an Athens uniform
Since I moved to Leander. No Dems had a chance for city elections..GOP elected mayor..in fighting..1 said the other assauted
i don't count. i advocate.
Mr. Negative!
Love to see Pandora doing well, I was actually a Beta tester for Pandora when it came out in 2005
Just finishing lab work from the BGP class I attended this week - great class, good refresher (took it years ago). Will be good towards CCIE
I think I just might throw a party this weekend at my new place. But shit everyday in north Memphis is a party. Lol
people tweet out our articles a lot ...
next time your in town make an appointment!
I always use this as an arrow '>' but It really should be '--->'
the moment when ace never sees ma tweets !! well what could i do thatn say i love him :D and give a big smile
Lovin the snow
I found my shirt and no one was murdered.
Fuck. Hot outside.
by a show of hands, who wants to help me burn facebook to the ground?
Daily Dose of Goodness: the liquid inside a young coconut can be used as a substitute for blood plasma. Don't try this at home.
. do you know of any places that are offering #kayaking #canoeing or water activities in the coming month?
he's gone </3
I saw it on & thought of you! Miss you
ass was #Booed off stage Sat Repub.Convention. While Staffers were calling "WhiteObama".
RENT: Take me or leave me on blast at !!!!
mine do to smh
I wondered how low it went. Anyone score a 1?
They are that and more. The credulity of the audience in the exchange raises the stakes for the storyteller.
I've been on this old school flow all day. Nothing like the oldies...
Amazing #NHL hockey match-ups this weekend. Received lots of comments/messages from the "casual" fans.
well I got a new phone and don't have your number, so hit me up and we can chill
Wishing the #badger cheerleaders had some #lakergirl outfits. Yeah, I said it.
I've lost faith in politics and will never vote Dem/Rep again - pols. is about the interests of the people and not a game of chicken
someone stole Saras north face jacket
Please follow me.
Not too bad for an army on stage LOL! Bliss when on.
Why Are These Thoughts Rearing Their Ugly Head Again...
Shel Waggener speaking on NET+: This is a time of creative chaos; that's our sweet spot in higher ed."
I want coffee D:
Shes a cool kid
what's up?
I have no clue how to use Twitter (or anything else) on this phone :( ..... most gracious Father, I just want my blackberry back.
*kisses lips * i bet u cant wait :)
how about tacos via "Hunger Games"-style parachutes?
aww thx! great seeing you as always - I got home and passed out after that seriously long walk home lol. I cant feel my legs
Goodbye Dimitar Berbatov and thanks for the memories. all this time and not a word of ill. true gent.
I can't stand the fucking people in my house. Disrespectful mother fuckers. I'm trying to sleep and they want make a bunch of noise
that's awesome... thanks for the follow up. I posted the idea to my social studies teachers, too.
well I can say that about LAW 4 sure, she's an angel Im usually so shy & quiet I never fit in, but not with her! lol
Off to FL for some #Orioles spring training.
The interest on them is generally tax-deductible, as well
Police stop westbound Earhart. Go another way.
really late!
I wish the boys were still in new york! I miss my boyfriends
This is like those vodka tampons all over again. Kids these days...
please follow me? Thanks :)
i''m good thanks it's a nice sunny morning here on Canada and u luv how r u?
Baby, I can't complain
no it's like a bunch of highlands hoodlums fights every 5 mins
In person, I'm positive, like Norman Vincent Peale with a migraine and personality disorder. Keep this in mind before judging me.
thanks for the tweets (:
BOYFRIEND PREMIER!!! I hear them gurls screaming already xD
Mancini's gone completely fucking mental! they could have 2 teams in the league from next season..
i will never understand why people only follow someone because they're cute/hot/sexy. boo, you whore.
There is nothing more attractive to me than a girl that's smart
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY BEST FRIEND WOULD SAY HARRY STYLES IN A HEARTBEAT! :)
Yeah, I'm excited! Finally presenting a version of my Dollhouse paper!!! I think it's every two years, so maybe 2014?!
i just really like this user's name... RT they dont smile or smell like u ....
Sometimesyou say things that make me wanna highfive you.Other times you say things that make me wanna highfive you in the face
sprint “: AT&T sound good about now.. Verizon is losing the edge.”
Rollover Crash on I-90 westbound at MP 27 near North Bend. 2 right lanes blocked. Follow for updates.
Happy Easter everybody! Have a blessed one.
Chins are the new boobs: Numbers of ¿chinplants¿ across America explode as career women want to look good for video ...
I believe the answer is "Quit Wheat". Should clear it right up.
l can't believe it's almost 7:00!
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Any SD baseball fans heading to Peoria this year? There's tailgate tall cans waiting in the ballpark for you!
Thanks for the follow, you have one of the most #powerful streams on
On our way to get pre-orders shipped off. Sorry for the delay!
you a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
i tried that one and it worked so well
Don't compare yourself to anyone. What's important is YOU. You're beautiful and that is all that matters(:
that's like the opposite of this dirty sprite
I may forgive, but i never forget..--
Tomorrow is my birthday,Im so excited,my wish is to meet you! 11:11!! <3
Feels like a family reunion except , , & aren't here.
666 What do you know about this?
but would u swallow?
hi follow me back ?? :)
Theories and goals of education don't mean a whit if you don't consider your students to be human beings.-Lou Ann Walker (U.S. author and...
Movie with family "The Grey"
thanks for the retweet
The first Ending of a rangers game were i dont Have anxiety
YEAH! i love/d it. i do give in occasionally but would eat it all the time if i could.
I'm on number 14. I'm not missing it. So what if I'm 8 months prego at the time lol.
Hey! Sorry I'm writing back late but I been so busy lately! I don't have time to tweet a lot but I'm making a comeback! lol :)
your muscles grow while you sleep. Hence get at least eight hours of sleep daily, even somewhat more if possible
you still talking to kirsty and that other gal? Are they still friends? I haven't been on here in a while.
Barlow Barlow Barlow!
create jobs by ousting job loser governor
you see correct. She is a part time UK fan. My doing.
I'd give up One Direction for NSYNC ! I miss them soo much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
well she kept saying it lol but just can't stop thinking about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Hen girls wear heels they instantly think they can dress like a prostitute
We will take you up on that lunch. Thanks again.
Howdy ! (<3 Requests), my issue is none of my requests have content attributes after async.get on each then async.map, ideas?
In Boston-area UConn Basketball on at 2pm on Versus (Comcast 62/865) and UConn Football on ESPN2 at Noon (Comcast 65/850). Go !
why yes I am pondering early 19th century cookery today while I edit podcasts. No reason.
Watching! I like the spinners : TONIGHT: Watch #KillerRobots on at 9p e/p. Please tell your friends, thanks!
I have to go to tha stor
Sorry toots. Thought you meant the highway not the person.
Siggghhhhh....KEXP playing Active Child "She Was a Vision"...nice :)
I turned on the tv to watch Phil Hansen announce the #Bills second pick of the #nfldraft - perfect timing! Also v pleased to get a tackle.
cleaning/repotting/prepping container plants for coming indoors ~first frost will be here before you know it!
Thanks! I hope you enjoy it!
Making this brand happen if its the last thing i do.
you should be ashamed shawty you should be ashamed
Only saving grace to this Brewers game is knowing is enjoying the extra time at Miller Park with the FSW crew!
What items are everyone's favorites, so far? Always on the lookout for good org products...
you are such a nerd! lol your the best tho #loveyou :)
LOL OK I wont ;) *wanky face*
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures. ~Jessamyn West
It's been a fantastic week of #ArtBasel and #DesignMiami. The #DesignDistrict has been absolutely electric.
#yobitv "You're strange" - quote of the night so far.
I can only imagine if #evo2k11 was happening in my living room. Lots of Oh shit sons and Broken Joysticks.
is my life so go follow her right now or die. Yeah that's right. FOLLOW HER
haha OK !!! I'm loving my #somethingdifferent these days!!
Matter of fact..before we make a big deal to start honoring and uplifting black history 365, maybe we should honor Jesus 365 and uplift Him
Back at you Spency! 2011 is the year of the mate! Go get 'em!
I thought it said got naked
And I believe will be joining the call to talk about and (supercharged!)
thanks for the rt
NPR Bestsellers: Hardcover Fiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
In honor of MCA, we're getting #nosleeptileveragain!
What should my dessert be?!
Yo to... Let's get that comic-con artwork rollin'! It was great meeting everyone. Can't wait to see my 1st rollerderby!
Flight = missed :(
LASM will be closed on Sunday, and we're always closed on Mondays. Enjoy your weekend!
Find your nook? I can't help adding the i e.
I'm guessing you like guess?(;
what are the options at this point?
I just drank a sip of wine that tasted like a dirty NY puddle- cheers.
Short selling stocks is an art form. Market could bounce. Most stocks have greater losses than the indexes which are easy to control
The Melting Pot. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I also cried when alaric was about to die and omg it doesn't seem possible that they can end
is inside sweating while I'm outside with the nice cool breeze <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Visit my website for more information about my campaign for San Diego school board. www.rosenforschools.com
Going to charleston next month! Any suggestions on hot design spots?
“: Looks like I'm headed to Phoenix next week. And Los Angeles. #YAY” can u pack me in your luggage?
oh, you're gonna get it in this weekend? cool. you don't need to announce it.
just a normal weekend for me. :)
thanks for the support!
Dont wanna be here.
Hi it's been forever. Nice to see you on Twitter
I second and third that. is looking for more to do.
I respect the people who stay strong, when they have every reason to break down
Thrilled with how the student portfolio review turned out! Thanks to , the reviewers & students for coming out!
RT : I got one of the 1st t shirts niggaz!!! Ps. When am I gonna model these for you guys! fo lyfe!!!
My drunk roommate is falling & pulled her dress up, to reveal MY UNDERWEAR! She's fucking Busted! I was blamin the cats for lost panties!
So true": Fratellis album Costello Music is so under rated"
Working on meta tags w/ India team for
All right now. I said show my hour talent Saturday. I just received 7 new band inquiries! Yes yes blues alley of Prince George's County!
Thanks to everyone at #devlink! It was a great conference...learned a lot and had a good time.
I'm going to find a way to get in front of this guy at a grocery store and write a check.
Oh okay,Well i'm leaving you to watch the movie...
Native American Rehabilitation Association New Year's Eve Sobriety Powwow, DEC 31 @ Oregon Convention Center
hating? baiting? Come on! I haven't even said KARAOKE yet!
Having to ask my parents for money<<<
Sitting in class waiting for other ppl to get done testing with and !
Bleaching hair. Here goes nothing
thx for the follow, peace {^_^}
I better get some chocolate cake after this walk!
We saw Beach House at tonight and they sounded wonderful. Shout out to for bringing great music to #cville!
*says. Dang. You're welcome :)
how or where can I get a #NoPressureNoDiamonds shirt?
Lmao I be sayn some off the wall shit
"Tristessa" - Smashing Pumpkins just played at work.
#DailyQuote: "When I play with my pet, who knows whether she is not amusing herself with me more than I with her." - Montaigne
Sitting in a room by yourself after a scary movie is not a very good idea...
agreed. Bar exam after first yr, maybe one more yr of co-op or clinical type work/study.
I'm of the opinion that limit hold 'em should always be played with a kill. Am I right?
Fatso's Pizza now offers $3.00 Honey Browns all day everyday!
Hope you're having fun!
Nigga following me
Can't believe CBS 58 would use the title "Hardcover Sex" for a book only available in paperback. 1/3
-- As long as he bats 1-8 ... I really don't care.
Happy #Starwars and #Avengers day. May the 4th be with you as you battle for a good seat in the theater for The Avengers.
Thanks brother. It feels more like an ongoing theme these days. Working on it.
TOL! Right now, it's kinda smelly in there.
he's not gonna make a difference...bynum/pau gotta play better
Best line of last night's football game by Jon Gruden: "Big Ben tried to force that one in there, and that can get you into some trouble."
Happy New Year to everyone! Registration 4 #EdcampSS will be opening next week. Stay tuned 4 more details. www.edcampss.org
Happy Birthday! RT : 17 years ago today The Andy Warhol Museum opened it's doors to the public.
Thanks for the follow Sis!!
": im not looking forward to state testing tomorrow. .___." Aw u 2!!!!!!
Not yet! LOL!
naw, Tebow's 80 yard OT playoff winner easily one of greatest moments in NFL history. Gabbert will never have a moment like that
is singing tonight @ Vintage 51 in the Horseshoe Casino 8-Midnight with Dennis Luxion on piano & Dan Delorenzo on bass
um, YES! all of them are so sharp and clear!
From Justin (8:40pm): T'storms in Iowa are having a hard time building into WI thanks to the dry air. Our rain chances look small.
yeah, like a lot of "rights" panels here.
Quick! Everyone on FB follow me! :D
Is there a logical design connection between cognitive learning theory - experiential leaning - immersive learning environments? Really?
awww thank you
Do you want me to muddle your drink or not?
she play to much lol
welcome back, can't wait to see you back on the ice!
Time to work on prom :)
RT : Here's to the Adubbers that remember song lyrics faster then school work.
Community Calendar - Log Cabin Democrat
when you have a pic of , tell all your friends you're dating him, &they believe you! :D <U+2665>
Let's do it.
ok here we go
I want this too. “: A gamified Pomoro timer would be cool. Do the work, get 5 minutes of browsing time”
I've been kissed by a rose on the gray...And if I should fall along the way, I've been kissed by a rose...been kissed by a rose on the gray.
John Webster~ Theres nothing sooner dry than womens tears.
I must be doing something right.
RT : Good luck to all the Boston Marathon runners!!
i think I seen you earlier. I was walking with aikyu. I think you was in the car tho
ones with an extremely high levels of "awesomeness"
I was just thinking the same thing.
he's really talented though, it's unbelievable. You should listen to him sometime. (: x
CSCMP Raleigh - In the Raleigh area? Want to network with other supply chain pro's? Join our local roundtable. Email:
She might as well give me a collar & a leash ....
Why is errbody always internet thuggin!? IF YOU AINT REAL QUIT ACTIN LIKE U US LIL BITCH!
and why are all the good local bands playing sundays bamboozle
Excited about tapas and cocktail pairings with with
Ain't nothing better than realizing it's 8am, not 9am - well, AFTER you drove all the way to work ;)
Aw thanks! So glad you liked the post :-)
3) Quartz - The Atlantic's new business website
just make sure to be here or not working august 13-14
same thing my wife says :) As an arborist I am especially partial to a guy who enjoys cutting up trees.
ugh Dx i don't get you.
. You got to see him in his "I'm in middle school cool" mode then. I don't get to see this side. He's my cuddle buddy still.
is it normal for my mom to teach me how to dougie..?
Best Names In Movie History: Apollo Creed, Ivan Drago, Johnny Utah, Johnny Rico, Shane Falco, Lil' Saint, Mother-Fucker Jones, Happy Gilmore
Thx. It doesn't feel like work if you love it.
#NFL Sunday... Colts, going for 1st win, c'mon!
"At the crime scene LOL" "Good tweet"
Follow my bestfriend she's verrryyyy speciaal I love her.You'll love her to wen u follow her :) Gracias!!! <U+2665>
Going to the best out of this day.
I like to keep an eye on the Stanford and UMich centers. Their missions and contexts are similar to those of
Woke up late today, been running late for everything since,If I wake early, it's not like I am early for everything, Funny how that happens
Change it to 2 months RT: " Oh, you're engaged after 6 months? You must know tons about each other."
Loved seeing on state! Nice ride!
Relevant RT : If you want me in your life, put me there. I shouldn't have to fight for a spot.
The police sirens just never stop in Baldamore. lol
damn girl ;)
Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look there's no age limit on a happy meal. Don't forget the toy....just controlling my portions!
I haven't heard their new record yet. Is it good? I really liked their last one.
Its always funny wen women try 2 spit game or use lines lol
Look out #Arvada TFFOC is coming!
SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS. SHIRTLESS!(;
it's not ok.
I can't fuck with anyone in the 100s. All y'all off them pills these days.....
Ohh I'm the crazy one? I'm not the one tweeting myself ;) but I still lovee you too! <3
Do anybody knw if karmaloop a legit site????
I'M IN LOVE WITH A STRIPPER.Geez, if mad ever tweeted that,I would register for stripperschool before you could say "sex"
I can't believe the impact volunteers made at today's #jlpvip day! Thank you to all who gave their time and money!
RT : CATS 30th b-day gift 4 #ABQ #albuquerque fans: send a tweet/fb post for chance to win a pair of tix 6/3
you too Chad!
Another thing about me, I like "bad rap music" or "mainstream rap," ESPECIALLY when I'm drunk if you remember lol.
Gym much needed today
Sounds yummy doesn't it?
I'm single! #LoveIt :)
Thanks so much! Appreciate that you gave us a visit!
fun meeting you last night at Harbinger!
yo can you send me the collab beat? i think i got rid of it
Watched Earthquake at the Miami Improv. Great show.
lol its Austin !! :p
I tanned in the backyard today since its almost 80 <333
#mygraduationspeech " Fuck all of you. Bye. "
a special calculator for a special person. :)
U make my heart beet..faster.(:
oh it was great!! and you're predication of next week was spot on!!
Memphis going ham!!
Eyes Without A Face
Seriously...RT : In what universe was Luke Russert an adequate stand in for Chuck Todd.
I can't this weekend and idk what I'm doing next weekend! And I can't the weekend after that so It would have to be during summe
In the SF Bay area? Blossom Grove, Lafayette, San Rafael reaching out to interact with customers via touchscreen Comment Boards!
yeah she's a tough player! Runs around al day then passes out! :p
Loved it! Can't wait for this season:) RT : Did anyone catch last night's episode of #CurbYourEnthusiasm? What'd you think?
#NHL Playoffs...rooting for #Kings and the #Yotes for the Western Conf. Latter took the good #CBJ players. Glad to see they're not golfing.
Well, Reno tomorrow night, Weavervill fri. and Sat., then Colo. Springs, Ft. Collins, Okalahoma City. Exactly why would I be looking forwar
Props to Parry for buying a whole bottle of white sauce from the street meat cart.
#Ifitwasuptome I would help everyone who was losing their homes.
Very nice!
What r u doing, o I'm just stretching for the dance party! Hahahah marry Easter bitches o barnacles
I'm playing pottermore and I thought about you :)
Seagulls noisily circling overhead Schlitz Park makes us feel like we r in a Hitchcock movie...
Brown's only way out on this is massive early releases, but the money and the politics won't allow that
Just saw this tweet: Some people are starting to set up dummy Facebook accounts in case an employer wants to check them out. Not a bad idea
blind side
Rain all day and small market Padres = EASY bet on the under
“: “: Well. I'm up. Going to be productive” Fix your mini pond.” Going to buy a generator. Priorities.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BITCH! <3
“: You don't fuck with the people I love.”
J got better n I desided to challenge his #Autism to a regular movie theater The Lorax. So far only the soda went flying ;)
how is living in Vegas?
Watch the video i just posted! My sis is in it!!!
and its fucking January, halloween isnt till October last i checked?
Agreed. And I'm sick of all the stupid these days. :)
I leave on a 5day cruise with my aunt and cousin on monday, lol its okayy:*
What time are the festivities tonight?
Waiting for my madre to wake up(:
They're so adorable, , how could I resist?! And, thanks for the retweet!
the woman making my espresso is named Jihad--it's a lovely name, but i can imagine it's a hard name to bear.
#dsoc #slaleads whoops now is mcgarvey on leadership & commun in time of change. Other is this afternoon.
We r at Santa Monica stairs come by!!
Dude, I wish I was a mammoth!
well that's what I got.
just realized i haven't been on tumblr all day. omg, wot.
#SomePeopleShould just shut fuck up if they don't know what they're talking about!!
Just walked past the store where Ann Curry gets all those infantile trapeze dresses. So much worse than you could ever imagine.
At least with the shooting we lost some background characters, today we lost LEXI. This isn't fair.
like you need to be on a diet.
Good luck with the booksigning, Mel. Take care of yourself. Regards, Maya
Hate 'em or love 'em, there are a fuckton of them.
Huntsman: People went to town hall meetings for 2012 election because they cared about their country
We are moving in March! You won't believe what we have in store for you. Have any questions? Ask us!
really, you don't want to know...
F*ck You Adam Laroche. The only time you hit like this was after we were out of contention.
Headed back to Atlanta soon will be doing alotta shows when I touch down
My nephew convo to me. Him: "Tia u should be an artist. You're really good at drawing." Awww, how cute:)
What should we do next weekend?
showing love
Thanks for bringing a bad book to our attention. I'm tired of hearing about the fab sales of slapped together erotica.
#InstantTurnOn ABS ABS ABS ABS <3
Jim says thanks to everyone, and that this opportunity won't change him. (Message dictated while destroying a hotel room.)
Checked out Pgh City of Rhythm at City-County Building yesterday. Needed more #TeenieHarris after the show. Still
President Olli: Main challenge 2day is 2 implement t Declaration on t Rights o #Indigenous Ppls. Might require new laws.
great article recomenation on 'getting to the bottom' this week. have reviewed it again
Thanks for the support Hope you had a chance to get some grub too!
“: Waking up in a room drenched in sunshine, energizes the rest of your day!” unless your hungover... ;)
I'm not nice?):
The hashtag is the digital campfire. I love it!
I love dreamers. I think dreaming is so important. It gives you a reason to live and a reason to for what you want. Always
Music is the answer.
Welcome back been to long how's it feel
who do you want to lead Labor? No pref?
I'm back in BK. Hustling for work. How bout you? In London to perform?
are you at the studio!?
Communism is like one big phone company.
Damn I want Denver to take this series so bad... But it looks like its over.
its next to the search box its that gray thing
Sweet! Hopefully I'll see you there! (:
Ahahaha smokey thought he had a bad one on deck for that night
sup what's new
Many have given to me...and I'm in a position to give now, so I must
Ok I will, I'll tell them twice ok :)
Today only: Business card design $50 (Normal $70) - Mention this post when you order online at MWWdesigns.com
Old dude behind me constantly cursing, talking about losing $, and Florida...
Gonna catch up on some #JaneByDesign today
oh I gotcha!!! Like brucey
Hope it wasn't your accident. If it was, hope you're alright.
you're welcome. Glad you enjoyed it. Have to give credit to for that one.
I feel so bad for my mother sometimes... She has such wonderful children <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
its about quality so it'll still take a while!
yes yes
This train needs to move
Great visit w/ Megan & Rob yesterday. Great people, great products, Made in America.
Locked out...
Diet coke with your burger?? Really lol sounds like a great diet
DENNIS PRAGER SOUNDS LIKE A WIFE BEATER TO ME. HE IS INSANE. IF YOU LISTEN TO HIM YOU NEED HELP RIGHT AWAY. GET HELP NOW.
WHAT?!? ...the bikes at the gym have a 60 minute max time limit? i guess it's time to buy a road bike n take it to the streets! :)
did it !
Thanks for the info. I appreciate it. OmniFocus on Lion has been perfect in my experience, btw.
When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.
Hey all! Just a heads up, our stage is running behind. - going on now, we'll be closer to 6:40! Come out and have some fun!
yeah I am a nag cause Ive asked to hang out 7266288 times this semester and not one has happened. 'Friend'
Thanks for the RT!
HIT TELEVISION SERIES!
Three things I love and what gives me an instant smile, children, youth and musicians.
They must've accepted their fate as being the ugly, Korean stepsister to Samsung.
Heading to Trax for DRAG NATION!!! Love u
I'm not insulting you, I'm just describing you.
e-dialouging about My Antonia and looking at colleges. Sounds like a party?
Start thinking of a clever response when they ask, "Is there any reason you shouldn't serve on a jury?"
that's what's up fam..do your thing
Twitter is cracking me the whole hell up this morning...
I am seriously draggggin. lemme get my ass in gear!
Tomorrow we drive to Padre Island and on Friday to either Schlitterbaun or caves, then Austin
After 7 years in SF, I am still amazed at how truly beautiful this city is upon my return from trips out of town.
Have you ever rented a bounce house? Which unit did you get and what were your kids thoughts?
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything.
ima call you Chris from Attila now x)
#spjr9 Social Media panel: Denver Post prob wouldn't hire reporter who isn't already on Twitter & Facebook.
So... Scott Thompson's excuse is that he has so much trouble using Word, that he accidentally added a CS degree to his resume?
In the U.S. there are 9 guns for every 10 people. WHY?!!!!!!!!!!
Here's a very detailed New Yorker piece on history of Citizens United, Buckley, and Roberts judicial activism
Hello Twitter Im looking for a comedy agent and tv hosting agent any leads
wears sunglasses at night. Who does that
BYX RAVE is tonight! 8pm at the New Town Party House.
Cool, I will reach out to them. Thanks for the follow!
When I see Lauren she reminds me of me in college, same height & weight, it could B any1 of us, my oldest is 18.
it will be worth the wait, i promise
Who needs the 80s anyway. What class?
Sometimes all i want to do is complain. And i do it, then I'm done. why do i have to bring it up to everyone because its not your business
haha don't worry me either. I took that easy way out too
thanks for the follow!
5 days remaining on the best special we have run EVER! $50 for $200 off any mattress set. Go to www.livingsocial.com for details!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Less than a half hour 'til Rose Bowl kickoff. In my press box seat and ready to cover the Ducks and Badgers!
Biggest change in the this year? In 2010 down 4-1 they would have given up. We're gonna lose this, but they're playing 60 mins.
Inspiring, thought-provoking address by Anu Taranath at the #uwctlsymposium2012. Invite fellow teachers into your classroom!
Thanks for the RT, Jason!
haha I do that all the time! And yes he is doing it
Then the LORD said to Moses, “Tell the Israelites to turn back and encamp near Pi Hahiroth, between Migdol and the sea. They are to...
Someday you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday you'll need me like I needed you. Someday you'll love me and I won't love you.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet one direction, even though I met them already lmfao!
I love coffee!
girl please. I'm Indian. Everyone thinks they can treat us like shit because we have a few casinos. Not just one race.
TGIT!! Which means tomorrow is Friday!!
Two more hours...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
#Minnesota RT : How Bizarre is playing in Target. It's good to be
--Thanks for standing up for all of us on the House floor today!
Just go sit in the car.
: Agreed and the buildings and architecture in mid-Market area deserve to be rehabilitated. Thanks,
Happy Mother's Day!
#Arizona has already made some of the country’s most drastic #cuts to #Medicaid and other #health initiatives
Halloween at High Noon - Music for Your Halloween
Been a long while since I felt single. I nearly forgot how much fun flirting was.
total hip hop hippie shit went down!! Had a great ass time- this wknd was the origin of something GREAT
I wanna go home instead of movie night ( .__.)
Can't wait for Vegas next week!
Hit me up!
good morning (-__-)
The Coral's "In the Morning" gets stuck in my head everyday around this time. Don't know why that is.
welcome back to the real world!
0_ORT : Bout to eat tha whole box when I get home <U+263A>
#FF I know of 3 wonderful families with children who have had their dreams realized thanks to your work .Thanks for all you do!
Today I draw aphids and train engineers. That is my job.
Our Fishing Rod Racks make great gifts-call us NOW 1.877.737.5578
": cats wear socks?" ---i see what you did there lol
Thanks for following us and we appreciate your efforts to create heroes and expose villains!
AGREE! RT Has stolen the show at #bnchmrk so far, that was entertaining.
Taking a trip to tokyo
A female can be your best friend or your worst enemy. It depends on how you treat her.
radio... Enough said
More like 3+ days.
#edshow OK, let's do it then.OBAMA ATE DOGS 45 years ago.FRIED his BRAINS on DRUGS & PUSHED a GIRL 25 years ago.
Realignment can be fun if you are postured correctly. ;)
Cole World
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 6
Did you Go Red on Friday, National Wear Red Day? Share your photos!
that was actually a good night...
andre miller all around game> julian stone defense> lawson ever game
cool hit me up then my dude
Are you an experienced Law Library Assistant ready to take the next step in your career? Manage the daily operations of the DC library of …
Husband to me: "Did you know there are no glitter post-it notes? I looked." Because he thinks they'll help me write my #dissertation. <3
Oh I know!
Today we're talking to a parent who decided to move after a disastrous experience w/Boston's school lottery. Is this common? Let us know!
ah cruise memories with real enrique ilglesias song
the head of the stats department should be unemployed at this point
We at are working on our new offices in this week!
Everyone falls in love with my accent.
It was an honor! See you in a few weeks, buddy. Glad I could help.
I don't like LeBron at all. And why would Kobe say that??
nope. My MP character is intact but my campaign is gone.
hey wanna hook up
You have 2 more hours to come in for $5 Greek Cheeseburgers..You know you're still hungry!
Woke up to 11 missed calls and 7 text messages from my boyfriend smh
#YouUsedTo be there for me, and now when I need you most, you're nowhere to be found.
I really is dislike Mothers Days
Does #android have an app like apples #instagram ?????
Sitting on I-10. Would like to say it drives me crazy, but that implies movement.
Is it Steeleye Span Friday? Why, yes it is.
who needs Congress!
Pretty sure I was the most soaked person downtown today. & I wasn't't done shopping. Hahha
Madbeast performing the Sav Killz album release in BK! More info to follow! Shout out to gonna be special guests!
Excited about the DisCussions sponsored by !
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
wish we could ride our bikes to boneshakers bicycle club tonight. maybe next time we'll plan more accordingly.
staying in and watching Tron. It's chilly here in Nap Town. You?
The Public Library Manifesto: Why Libraries Matter, and How We Can Save Them
Now he needs to kill that shady defense act. Pre-crime detention. Pfft
I was talking about u earlier then u drove by me
Amarillo we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Made that PERT test my bitch.
Cool i missed tweeting u
I havent Tweeted much in the past couple days but,
Fuck those Jersey Shore guys, we was fist pumpin in the 90's! Lol!
The subway car looks like a disco ball, Where the hell did all this glitter come from? The things you find at 1:30am are wonderful.
oh busse. sassy like always
OMG!!Frank Salomon is the co-author of "The Art of Writing Proposals," now I'm definitely gonna read it all!I'm a huge fan of his!
Formula to be protected by 1st Amendment: unprotected speech + protected speech= protected speech with SCOTUS.
I just uploaded The Essence of Billie Holiday to my ipod.. im digging DEEP in tonight's practice
spread the love doll ;) thanks!
One week from tomorrow is my GRE exam (second time; first time taking revised). Can't wait until it's over.
oh haha yeah she is. and um yes indeed they are #wack lol
“: Who was mvp of celeb game?” Kevin Harts crazy ass
RT : Ditch the beer for a giant novelty frozen alcoholic beverage from Coyote Ugly, then you'll be set :D
Yes ma'am! That's my mantra today for sure! It all would've been done, too, but he wanted to play games with the temp. Oh well :)
Anne Doster helping conference participants learn to coach supervisors and managers to solve their own problems
Interesting lineup for #Brewers tonight against #Giants. Gomez leading off, Weeks moved down to second, Hart third with no Braun.
yes! It will be my third year in a row. And it was my first half. so hilly and hot but FUN!
Lol Jkay, that's too crazy.
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
I'm sick :( ugh...not good when mom's sick!!
“: Wharton: $87M in the budget. "I don't know how to state that with any more clarity than that."” what is hold-up
Dude, I really need to get back into twitter, and I need to stop talking about it and actually do it... big things coming soon!!!
misspell word *weird*
next tweet was he needed to find a Starbucks
im scared to take d second of my roleplay test at work lata at 9am . uuuggghh !
“: they have all become buttholes and players bc the nice thing didn't work for them haha” so true!!
Were you really expecting him to reply? Get some manners, bro.
NYPD and Nassau county will activate the federal Secure Communities program next week, guess the governor couldn't stop it
": For today. Let's forget about Rush. And all of that. Let's discuss something.....interesting." forget him every day!!!!
Enjoy the holidays Sarah.
"We know that love is always shining, so save me love save me all the time." ::trevor hall::the lime tree::
haha jk but we are very glad you're okay!
Make sure to check out PPI's on ESPN tonight @ 10pm Eastern and follow his live tweets
Can someone go and explain to the Yankees the meaning of a FUCKING RALLY!!!!
I start at 800
Everyone's this is hardcore tweets is making me most jealous.
Haha Aiight...yea we should do that
i love you.
looks like you may have found one in :-)
“: This Clippers v Grizz game has a weird feel. Very WWE-like. Im waiting 4 Leaping Lanny Poffo to make an appearance.”
Yes. When the Universe gets sick of American Idol and all that mind numbing, it reminds us who truly has the Big Voice.
The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it. Once you are doing exercise regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it.
New Piccadilly Online store coming soon! Stay tuned...
i saw what looked like a vulture (but might have been an unusually large crow) eating rat roadkill this a.m. on 31st street
Just realized how conveniently Red Vines are made-they make the perfect edible straw :D
New updated schedule has been posted up!!! new added date and time on Wednesdays! Check out the schedule! Hope you can make it!! :)
Can a tsunami hit the coastlines of USA? What about the low altitude states like Florida and Louisiana? 5 nuclear reactors in Fl, 2 in La.
is having a stupid discussion about Bill Maher giving $1 million to Obama's Super PAC. Waste of air time.
Salserodalante Productions Presents a Fun Ladies Styling & Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at 7:00pm!
Be careful, mijo!
A3 Marriage expectations, family strongholds and influences and a mindset of a single man
#fringe is awesome
#Headinclouds All in all a very good start to the day...thinking of venturing into a few more #business opps. #Sports is still
Was it everything she Meghan hoped it would be? rt : Taking 's virginity!
She's busy playing Wii tennis :)
Waffle kerfuffle today!.
i walked into grouchos just the other day!.
when i think about you i can't help but smile (: <3
thanks yinz guys for the follow!
told me to tweet you.So yeah.& you just gained a follower so like it!(; Haha ;p
Special moment of silence for brave men and women who have fallen in combat serving this great country.
Glad you had a good time Shannon! But the Braves? Ouch! #GoCubsGo! ;)
PC keyboard by day and Mac shortcuts by night are ruining my life
Greeks used the ampitheatre for performance; see the "School of Athens" fresco.
most gurls been heard this 4rm man baby im sorry like an echo i luv you like an echo ill change like an echo u still tha same i gotta let go
We need to bring some New York into Miami. These peeps care a little too much about keeping a tan.
Today is a beauty in NJ! Enjoy it!
thanks(: youu too
Must have at a hot pocket. ;-)
Your welcome. RT MJ SM ;] thanks for the love, (:
ugh so hungry and waiting for stupid spanish class SUCKS!! >:o
So jealous that y'all are at the cottage!
That's good... I want to make it down there for Derby weekend. Maybe next year
I just told my avid teacher bout my son for the first time im scared of her reaction n how shes qonna take it.! Well see.!
Chunks of flotsam washed up by the lazy surf of a waking mind:
hey lady! are you walking with us next week? doing the schedule. no worries if not - you have lots on your plate right now.
damn last day for spring break back to school tomorrow cant lie this spring break was fun as hell though :(
TAKER NEEDS TO CLEAN TRIPLE H's tired ass out
Really? You'd eat a foot-long breakfast sandwich? Doesn't that seem ... excessive?
HOOKS, FEATURES, SHOWS, HOSTINGS AND APPEARANCES FOR EMAIL OR 4045930073 (SERIOUS INQUIERIES ONLY) RT
Mind, what mind?
Life is like a rainbow. You need both the sun and the rain to make its colors appear.
mike u funny as shit for that!
i don't understand how i've managed to stay in honors for all these years. i'm not even smart.
oh yours has a I...
Some day I will learn to like Visual Studio - some day.
Couples who make out right in the middle of the hallway..
A new day
cant decide about the comnetwork conference! but thinking i should try to make it!
So sad that my home town Anaheim, is getting negative attention, FOR THE #HOMELESS #SerialKiller! I feel so bad for those victims :(
Anyone wanna talk
Reading 's book, so great! Such a beautiful, talented woman!
#250gas would be nice hell $3.00 gas would be great
I'm not 25 yet..so I can still do the hokie pokie and shake it all about and do it without the stares and points! K?
: We are rocking out TONIGHT!!!!
This is awesome! Thanks for sharing!!
Thanks CMU for hooking up my embedded capstone group with a Nexus S! Android emulation needs to be improved, it's so far behind iOS's...
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad Speak well of other black people.
Really liked the Clint Eastwood & Dodge commercial!
I'd love thatt :-)
I have more followers than code 5.
whos the sweetest girl on twitter please reply
You just made my phone blow up.
well not Monday but this week.
they need to fit into his flow or NYC will eat them up
Of course gorgeous :)
I like fashion design.....but I love my faith....!
Valentines Day! & Francie Phelps swoon u & your valentine 8pm
This is your last weekend to check out Othello at The Rep. It's a great show!!
YES. I am ready whenever you are. Just say when!
i can never do it!!!! tonight's the first time in a long time i haven't effed my nails up waiting on them to dry
Beach weather :)
NEGATIVE :p
I had to jump up and down, and lay on the bed!
Eduardo Saverin...ha ha ha. Oh geez, I try not to be so cynical but....the world makes it HARD!
Happy new year! We are open regular hours today and tomorrow! Come on down for your new years piercings and tattoos!
showers with a sunburn <<
NPR's Morning Edition today cited Stockton specifically as an example of a city with high unemployment. Boo.
maybe I;m bias because that is one of my all time favorite songs....
'Melancholia' was kind of stunning. Suspect it (and Kirsten Dunst in that wedding dress) is going to be in my head for some time.
yeah. Clarence Clemons was an unfortunate loss for the music world!
I'm in the mood to demolish something with a crowbar today, so if anyone needs that kind of work done, let me know.
If you're making the effort to create written content, make sure it's readable from a kindle. 3 out of 5 pdf ebooks blow on kindle.
Another fantastic playoff game. Even if the Niners didn't pull it off. Anyone else confused by the overtime rules?
When was the last time you Find what work and stop doing it.
I'm about to run and redbox Hugo to relax for a bit before getting to work. I think free pancakes will go along nicely
go ahead, if you choose a hoe over me, then you were never worth it.
That's useful, thanks.
Thank you for the generous RTs, and !
My parents are no where near ready to learn about that stuff. Haha
My iPhone has a lot of capabilities, but none as valuable as being able to pretend I’m on it when I run into someone I know in public.
no Jimmy protested
My headache feels like someone keeps hitting me in the head with some unidentified object
If you guys want to be followed by justin, this is your chance! hes creeping on her account right now --- follow her hurry.
Thanks--can't wait for vacation. And I look forward to that next time you're here or I'm up there. Have fun getting going!
It’s almost #LunchTime! What are you eating? Build a better salad by adding pine nuts over peanuts, which help you feel full.
Gearing up to teach my #java and #android class with Not even surgery this morningcan keep me away
Love having the Smith Center for the Performing Arts in Vegas! Finally a REAL performance venue!
yoga, kickboxing, something to spice things up with my current running training.
I think I've become a little too obsessed, following UKs recruiting classes. I guess it's a good thing since we're getting good recruits now
NATIONAL Freak NASTY Day .....Ever Body Get Freak Nasty....BAByy
Executive assessment is becoming more prevalent in today’s ever-changing healthcare environment...
RT is going to the gym but it looks like light exercise for me as ive think i pulled my hamstring in my right leg! :(
Forever you will be missed, Sam. Your memory will not be tarnished by these ill-minded and ill-guided people.
At theater watching the new "Marley" documentary. Awesome so far!!!
In 20 years, perhaps, I'll turn to an article titled "Checking in with Lena Dunham" when the rise and fall of Girls is a Broadway musical.
hahahahahaha yay! What about thursday, you have that singing class group thing
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 52
Blake Griffin is going hard. Rough night to be Pau Gasol.
Might not vote for Ron Paul, but the event was nice
Thank you for including my post!
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it.-- James Allen
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the camera can't find the people who just won
Summer bucket list - *tweet Austy * get Austin to follow me(: *swim *have fun * tan * go to beach * hang with friends all the time
seems like a productivity/skill problem to me, (and many other MLS fans)
Need those legs wide open so I can get balls deep inside dat pussy
m I might be with the bf by that point... i thought you meant happy hour-ish... might need to postpone....
How long do you think he lasts in LA before they trade him, or just let him run into FA? Or does he finish it out there?
Newsletter announced our next giveaway! Enter to win 2 nts in our penthouse: follow, tweet your fave thing about SF. Include
Handsome is a very important word when speaking about
Game @ 4, getting shhhtuck in mate!
She said I must be insane.
they need to make Mamba packs that are ALL raspberry or strawberry
Join and at the "We are One" rally tonight & show your support for American workers! 5pm, Civic Center Plaza.
Watching the It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia marathon on Comedy Central! #lovethisshow ;)
Vitafusion products are not sold in Vitamin Shoppe. RT : hey guys. Are you sold at Vitamin Shoppe?
Then come visit us for dinner! :)
PRETTY BROWN<U+2665>
I'm just ready for Summer.
not your birthday playing in wet seal =
Will listening to the song for real extract the earworm or merely embed said earworm even deeper?
MOVED INTO THE NEW STUDIO... VIRGO LAIR/E.S.A.ENT. BACK TO BIZ. NATI HOLLA BACK.
"The world can give you only what you gave it. For being nothing but your own projection it has no meaning apart from what you found in it."
Still awake at 3 am and talking about random things with
Great experience today at big cat rescue in Tampa
goodnight and sweet dreams!
Need. Coffee. Now.
Happy Birthday Bunny Wailer..
I cannot fucking stand people I've known for years. Time to move.
Here at the Southern Region Oratorical Contest Davario is killing it -ICE!
Hope you hear one you like.
OH BULLSHIT CALL!!!!!!!
Fx Genealogical Society Spring Conference ... Tomorrow ... Ms. Char Bah
Omg could not be more excited, as you in a few days here in Brazil. You're the only Brazilian Beliebers: D Love you BELIEVE
all i needd is 3 more i have 97 please
Would love to hear more about how you approach "community mapping" (hi tech, lo tech, both?)
Thanks for the support. Hope you enjoyed the project!
The weather in Nashville tonight is DELICIOUS, if only it was really truly autumn and not just a trick
getting this studying shitt done
had a great night:) your the best hope you did you #loveyou :)
same:) text if you come up this summer!!
I was just elected to the WV State Democratic Party Rules Committee to represent Kanawha County at the state convention
Everything is always so back and forth.
like legit?
We need a DVD release! Keep up the great work you and the EW team do.
JOIN us at the 2nd annual "Ski the Slopes", a sexy après-ski lifestyle party in Telluride, Colorado February 9-11, 2012. swingfestevents.com
Get to work with the great tomorrow! I plan on directing him completely in Russian, so as to not show fear.
Almost Time for #TheBirthdayParty At the #Undermain (client) ...!
Celebrating St Patricks Day with , , , and !
really fun :)
YEA ... IS THIS REALITY ... BE REAL BE FREE BE...
Ops. Ok too much caffeine. It's Ward getting ready sorry
I'm afraid it's inevitable that we'll see weak clin doc programs sprouting up. Lots of reasons why
Hey New York! Have you signed-up to NY Focus Groups yet? Go ahead and do it! There is still time to apply for the focus group on Mon. 5/7
i hate been sick :(
your body is hot and you are cute one woman in the world ??
Thanks for all the support to get us off the ground! One more day until the big debut!
Paperwork makes the world go round.
So tired.
Celly might just be my answer to unlimited polling via text and online! Stay tuned...
Loving my new phone
I can't do it bud. I am doing a shoot :(
Monsters getting ready to go... Huge game tonight against the Bulldogs
follow back? (:
the force is strong in this tweet chat. that must be how you found us.
RT : Hottest place to be this Saturday, Bring out your finery!
I know you're prob not gonna see this, and you prob won't care if you do, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry for lying to you and saying those things.
Ding! Ding! Ding! Also, just in case you didn't know, will be on Fallon next Tuesday!
Hurray for Saturdays! Well technically Sunday mornings!
“In all things it is better to hope than to despair” -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Heading to Revive!
Great news today here - Will be great to have the support/resources of #WPP and look forward to an exciting future!
Yes! The antecdote to all the magic spells :)
Was told today I hadn't tweeted in awhile. So.... HELLO!! Give me a shout today if you had a great Thanksgiving! :)
there will definitely be a minimum BAC in order to drink on Maxwell
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'The Grind Side"
thanks Broom!!!
Police are breaking down the perimeter at Wilson High, where there was a report of a break-in.
we crawled from austin to kedzie. Usually we just crawl from cicero to pulaski. Is that whole stretch a show zone now?
because there is no more room for books under my bed
im starting it at 7 pm easteren time
All in all, a pretty nice little Saturday. Scored us some Radiohead tickets in KC come Mar. That's a bucketlist show for me.
I'm working on that paper :( let me know how the exam goes & during senior week you &I are going out for a HUGE margarita.
Only 1 place to be tonight in #Vegas | The #Mayweather #Cotto fight | #Moneyteam victory? We at think so |
Sometimes I wonder about people my age! Like where the fuck did you come from
I will not besmirch my reputation as a snob!
what part did they hate? The hard reset on technology and humanity? They didn't honestly expect a happily ever after?
Had a long evening
I miss you too!(: text me(:
Them Texas Relays peeps know how to party. I heard the cars thumping till 4 am in my neighborhood. How do they go and do all that running?
Cocktail flag's up! I think a fresh Margarita this lovely afternoon.
Not feeling too well. Which makes it that much harder to do voter registration today.
i think they are NOT dating. i think they were just hanging out yesterday!
Remember how naive we all were about Google?
that company is just a clear case of awesome people making awesome stuff.
OK, so you follow some of your fans. But would you follow and chat with someone who wants to work with you?
I love you please say hi to me!!!!
rdv is going to be fun tonight:)
yes! ahaa! me, you, & Franny should hang!
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
I saw that! That's a Bolland image originally, right? I LOVED his work.
I think the Catholic Church is more than just a bit afraid that it's employees might actually want birth control.
Hell Yah Me To!!! Lol I Just Started Watching Anime After 3rd Quarter .-.
I am girl. haha :)
You are fucking horrible.
Yeah, I will expect nothing less than incredible at that show. Insanity will ensue.
Anyone willing to come down to LA and just hang out with me on my lonely roof ?
You know you're tired when you become highly amused by talking to yourself with a Sean Connery accent.
A nigga bout to loose his job on tuesday tank im fucking yo huff ass up
Join the BBG crew and at the Astro Lounge in Bend tonight for a beer after a hard day of gettin' your learn on
It would be fantastic if I could get this over with already.
Ledroit Park Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30. Can you help spread the info?
yep, no meat for Mannie, hahahaha!
ok, posting the one where your eyes are crossed then. lol
Giving away life dreams, tweet me if you'd like one of them.
#NP Janet Jackson - "Escapade" Happy Birthday, Janet! That's my girl!
Dont have time for a Party??? Join my mailing list! email: to leave ur info.
Will you be publishing your book? I thought it was pretty well done from the first 2 chapters.
When my iCloud fills up and says I need to buy more space where does the new space come from? And why does it cost money? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><U+2601>
i wanna go bar hopping again on friday! that shit was too fun! :)
: Aww... you don't want to come to spin class with me? <sadface>
I was with Ann Hood yesterday, who s/b speaking right now at #muse2012. Best to all my friends, attending this great conference!
Can't tell females from dudes
Holy crap! I had no idea Rick Bayliss had a restaurant at O'Hare. Awesomeness!
needs 11pts to beat for a chance to face in the NBC 15 Championship Game.
Big pants. RT: : RT : Umm. how? RT Police find 19 inch flat screen TV in Columbia Heights man’s pants.
Yup, I'll be doing season 3 of BTR. Very excited!
Need a new bitch
While reading Intermedia #dprk #newmedia report, fascinated by a lifestyle of "Yep, got my phone illegally from a Chinese border guard."
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
One month till BSR!! Running in the suburbs is weird. cc:
Sure, you have every right to be angry, but so what? The real challenge is to make a positive difference.
Sorry, shutting up.
My Teddybear >> never growing up
waters, cokes, gatorades etc.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
if it's not there, we can safely assume it's uninstalled?
..you still gonna come over?
come over
lol true. I'll just steal your key to it (:
I can't decide whether I really like it, or think it is incredibly weird.
the festival starts april 18-29 so you have plenty of time
happy birfday gurl! Saturday birfdays r da best!! Have a fantastic day :)
good luck today from RVA!
Did you get hacked? Cuz you just put O there, lol.(:
Its not the roof u have over your head its the ppl u have under it until later xoxo
Winter has returned - cold, rainy day with possibility of snow. Temps in 40s. Ray needs to get to an ortho.
Yeah..fuck Barcelona still
<U+261E>Happy Birthday!<U+261C>
Remember when Nazr Mohamed was going to get his MBA?
yum! What is it missy
I think your super cute babe.
somebody show that last tweet to cynthia :) -Ramiro. :D plz
Hi. Didn't receive an email :(
“: RT if you can't wait to watch the new episode of #TeenWolf tomorrow !”
Looks like it's Mother's Day at today so I suppose it's time to switch to some more relaxing country music in the morning.
RT - Will Cam Newton get his first NFL win this Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Yes! i hope so too!!!! We have been friends for almost a year now! & been wayy too long since I've seen you!
Finishing up a draft of my next book on music audiences... What's the best show you saw this year?
howdy cooper scooper!
I'm listening to your song #American over and over again! Since its 4th of July! RT if you love you country! PLEASE!
follow me and you will get some!
I'm sad to admit that I've been watching the #jerzathon all day haha. <3
I will and sometimes say I will again. Though the red skies of this afternoon were the red skies of yesterday.
My medicine is just being with my girlfriend. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A8>
I love when people try to be rude to a celebrity on Twitter and when they respond, their tone completely changes and start sucking up.
Hung out with Chris P tonight, think you might be able to convince him to vote against Walker in the next 2 months, I wasn't able to.
Word is Honey Bees have weathered the "winter" pretty well this year. woot
This Saturday is the Official Rules to Being Single Book Release Party. Hosted by The Movement #FMA @ Sedona 9pm
Saturday and Sunday Live Music in the El Pastor Restaurant Patio!! Free Parking!
Its raining cats and dogs, dont step in a poodle!
Yeah, but a good chunk of that hate and criticism is because we didn't get him in 2010
whats up world!!!
And I agree. That's why
Of course the day I attempt bike riding in a skirt is the day the winds are like, 35mph.
so am i
Where is your favorite place to be?
Wouldn't ever abuse him with it obviously
Jus maxed pizza wit the bro
gonna watch bachelor finale?
how close are we to sell out?
Callin out niggas like the umpire.
perfectly crude and tacky without going overboard
Aw happy mothers day to you I wish u many great blessings to come
Just left the park and now its time for a smoothie!
Yes, your Honor, I actually "tripped" and accidentally "fell" into the lifeboat, where my officers also happened to be.
Am so v. tired. Have also had no caffeine in 2days, but have no headache either. Am debating some now, regardless.
a semantics argument? oh , I might call you a #BBW killjoy. JK!
Got one life, just live it.
Our medication is the best!!! We leave you to the rest!!
roommates? Okay.
The elite say what "SHOULD "be ,what "SHOULDN'T " be .ex. tax rates,education,war,health care,trade.The uppity poor "should" just shut up.!
that was vacant dating back to my freshman year (2002)
Most Of My Tweets Are Going To Be Quotes And Things About
Get excited for the Join My Cause fair today from 1-4PM on the North Green and find a cause you are passionate about!
Why was the broom late ? It over swept !
feeling like #shit we lost our game today good job thoe cougars :/
Idk y im up
As a low-income #Senior I support the #ElderIndex. We need a real measure of #poverty for real knowledge of how we live.
There's so much excitement over here around this IPO that the dogs are shitting themselves. Literally.
i hate when people say that.. they obviously know that you called them if they are calling you back. silly people. dm me??
Lol dang. Always using me for my talents. I can't sing anymore.
At the Woody Guthrie centennial exhibit at OH: "I guess he was some singer?"
Really? Awesome. It has sent me into wails of delight this morning.
Seems unfair to judge yesterday's writer by today's beliefs and standards.
Sorry, but I HATE the kill time in the corner thing Kei does.
The funniest thing to me right now is when I approach a woman on some business stuff but they think im tryna holla
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
Watched the sunset from the beach, listening to 's Forthcoming. Great, great record.
Is it that had to stay real?? I would think after awhile of lying you would forget your lies
Will be on the Marc Steiner Show (WEAA 88.9 FM) at 6 pm to discuss the recently approved City Council redistricting plan.
Chris brown lip syncing yup I think so!
If someone is your friend... Stay away from their FREAKIN' girl. Completely.
I got water in my ear from being in the pool :S
me if you can hook it up with some tickets
hay bengo sale :)
and his favorite sister will share with me =0
Catching up on Khloe and Lamar !
Great question!
To all the people who arent in my life anymore....thank you for the lessons you taught me. They've allowed to be a wiser person.
this is twitter
I thought the #colts 3rd rd pick was questionable until I saw the #Jaguars pick.
At what point does a hater become a stalker?? Get off my Facebook if u gonna be mad errtime I post something! Right?
Losing weight and eating healthy is made even easier with the help of online food diaries
Ruh-roh, Steven is on a #haiku roll now. His latest: The sky has fallen. / We had chicken for dinner. / There is little left to do. <lol>
“: Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.” love this!! Agreed!!!
Charles Peguy~ He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.
At Disney again :P
Rt Broadway Bar Tonight!!!
ALAN !!! What's up maine
#LMSunSIG accessibility: lecture capture is huge to make accessible. if auditory needs, must provide transcript
TGIF! I'm BACK at on Tuesday, hope to see you there. Have a great weekend.
haha noo! I wasn't badd when u was little, just like I'm not bad now! My little cousin c:
down. how bout a quick game now too?
Bynum + Gasol = NO HEART. Coach Brown = assistant coach, bring back Phil please!
Everything there is fantastic. I usually get whatever is on special. Great food and variety
MISS YOU MORE! bahaha ahh the memories
Bet he still humps, humping signals dominance
Please? RT : Look for Maryland coach Randy Edsall to get strong consideration in Jacksonville.
Danielle Vogel examines "the book as an architecture of the body," with her book Narrative & Nest. See her work at our symposium!
(I'm also so you can tweet either account for answers from us, btw.)
yo were you be workin out at? Are you training of the Olympics ?
In Milwaukee??
Everyday I wonder if either of us will have the courage to tell the other what we truly feel.
Using GitHub Issue Tracker to manage my to-do list. Why didn't I think of this ages ago?
Just discovered Copley is on fire. 5 fire trucks at least. In this already old news tweeps?
Um, yes! Duh! Please clear that up? Thanks! RT prolly means lame as in lame that he died
with their new panther string backpacks, so wish I was kidding
aw! No sadness
you'll always be a winner to us
#celtics tried to give it away again, but were able to pull it out. Nice bucket by Garnett, but C's still need to play better! Go C's.
Man, good to know that when u put things on a chair and get up to leave, someone stupid will still sit in it #rude&inconsiderate
What species is he?
haha. Wanna be partnered YouTubers can fall in that category, right?
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I looked at your shoes.
Wanted to pick your brain about angel investors, when could we chat?
Lol... they all say that bro.. Okc bout to pop you by 30 if not more!
I just told my mom this: "I'm keeping this chair." and she thought I said, "I peed in this chair." hahahahahaha
Oh man, I really wish I could get more than 15 hours a week at Target when it's not Christmas. This would really help my life plans.
You're very welcome :)
home next week , let's get together
I'm so excited to see you play in FL. I've never seen you before. You're one of my favorites EVER! Who's opening for you?
Late b-day for my oldest, the late show Hope it's as good as advertised.
Robert Downey Jr. better arrive on stage in the Iron Man suit.
rough one. Young looked brilliant. But missing 2 key players always hurts.
Thanks sweetie! Also, I just wanted to say: I thought asking him was ADORABLE. Screw the haters. :)
Have to say, as harsh as it sounds, I pretty much only end up on #Facebook long enough to talk TIMKAT projects
So, did you hear that Jim Marshall died today? What? I said...
I can't read ur posts since they're in a language I don't understand. Does no good to follow you when I can't read ur posts.
those runs look awesome! where are you right now?
thanks for the #ff love for super stores. nice to see you on twitter!
A smart person learns from their mistakes.. A smarter person learns from the mistakes of others
Congrats to #CDW for winning Americas reseller of the year! #kickoff12 cc
Are you trying to fit your dreams into your income or are you willing to do what it takes to change your income to achieve your dreams?
First it was Chicago...now this one. Are they doing this on purpose, or....?
Audience member compares OH to marijuana: it exist naturally, has a seed, flavors.. But the infrastructures can't be controlled.
Busy busy week
Yea I have like 12 things to talk about written on my page and like 15 links to sites with info lol but nothing actually written.
Thinking about someone and hoping that they are thinking about you too
OH: and I have a raptor, a baby one, and his name is rappy. CC:
YOU ARE WINNING TONIGHT!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME!<3 #beliebersgohard!!
O.M.G I GOT MY LITTLE MONSTERS INVITE
I'm so happy your back congrats winning the Diva's champion in your first match back and at a payper view
Thanks for reading it!
two of our members will be playing tonight at skrappys w/ dead after dallas. show starts at 6
#TheGoodWife totally broke my heart last night. I can't stand that Will tries to be a good guy but Alicia won't commit to him. Poor Will!
FUCK I have lots of homework hate it
he's not following me. :(
Another week, another terrible set of refs.
Disappointing when I reach out to another local business and they (don't) answer my question with a link to their website.
My father had a profound influence on me, he was a lunatic. Spike Milligan
Haha Jacob... funny (not really)
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!
You are welcome!
was pissed. cook and cleaned now po up
So many hotties at the half marathon this morning. Took all I had to not throw a boner in the middle of the race.
every last second!
this is a very dissapointing tweet. Quack attack!
What is love, anyway?
I can neither confirm nor deny reports that Aceves was out there doing my bidding last night... Now where can I shred this check?
Damn youre bad ass... im playing call of duty ./.
great to meet you too man!
Let me ask...Logic or Pro Tools
rehearsing new songs and covers, working on to plays in which I play amazing larger than life characters and a few auditions lined up.yeah.
Well.....if you say so!! :) And glad you found it! :D
Good morning! Woke up to freeing rain.
Not a fan of Insomnia especially when I have to be at the Gym in the early AM...
Ross found me 3 four leaf clovers today.
I'd be happy to(:
THE SHERIFF!!! BWAHAHAHA!!!
Preacher may have gotten a little aggressive this morning in his sermon when he said it was time to open up some whup-ass on heaven.
not good at all
Honored to speak to the Hardin Co Democratic Women's club, and great to see Winnie Townsend feeling better.
Jury duty made slightly less onerous by free wifi while waiting, but man, is municipal court bleak.
It's not fair to throw a fancy heel-appropriate party on an rockily-terrained hill.
People Under The Stairs -
LMBO. Point, Girl B.
Derek Jeter's leading the league? When did he learn how to hit?
Corey hush your mouth. Osheas tonight be there.
Follow the adventures and intrigue of Hildegard, The Abbess Of Meaux ~ Cassandra Clark
congrats... Are you up for an award?
.geez pillow talk
Dinosaur jr. killing it this morning: Awesome jr. songs, of course... And some Pumpkins, Replacements, Pixies...
Today is the day for the Nature Conservancy's 35th Anniversary Party!! Its going to be super fun and tickets are still available!!
Up early on a sat. Morning to take my baby to his first basketball practice ! Yay! Go bry n desi butt<3
Q2: they're called disasters for a reason. Have a plan, and may the force be with you.
8 more days (maybe less in my case)!!!
anything by Julian Barnes, esp. A Sense of an Ending, also anything Nick Hornby!
To all my fans keeping y'all in health I'm doing a video for Go Crazy this Saturday
Go for it Edwin, we will laugh with you. No one will will unsubscribe and if they do F--- them.
6,000 words above the limit & still need to write discussion + conclusion... F*CK!
Love that Rainiers shirt! You may like our Seattle tees too, just sayin :)
After QA: Six #Software Localization Considerations You May Have Not Considered. Can you guess what they are?
Steve & I sent a bunch
#imagine Liam: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Zayn: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
$10 for a blanket though...
because my mom was like "did you say goodbye to patty?" and i just started bawling
Driving scene next, then an after dark scene complete with not-just-a-full-moon but a #Supermoon . Now THAT's good cinematography.
Don't believe the lies the illuminati throws out. There messages are false and only want sway others into thinking the way they do
I have no idea why Obama is campaigning in Afghanistan
And now to rt points all of which I agree with.
It's nice when someone more experienced w/D&D says my encounter idea is "perfect." Makes me feel like I have half a clue abt what I'm doing.
'The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over againand expecting different results.' - Albert Einstein
How many people can say that they celebrated their 75th birthday with a national tour? #SinatraCan!
pretty sure the only good thing about today was finding my glove.
Simon Borg thinks that Livestrong Sporting Park is okay... But in no way does it live up to Buck Shaw.
Tonight's panels aren't Oscar-centric, are they?
you're welcomee.(:
Know someone looking for opportunity to put their promotional skills to work? They can apply at TasteTweet.com- RT to them.
Can you imagine? I might have to make this a reality. The Maven's Magical Mysterious Tour of the Wizarding World...
Hello Heidi, thanks for the interest, as far as I can see we have very similar ideals, I think that is what attracted me to you.
I'm just going to chill tonight and save my money.
You have a large amount of #swag and you get tons of dick.
only if more guys would act like .. #AlexIsATrueGentleman <3
Please follow
We got lip singers on caso cerrado
They are acting on a tip that 'Bed Linen' is on the second floor
Stat & Melo are not getting paid to sit on the bench in the fourth quarter....
its cool bro no worries!
Freeze warning?!? <U+E048>
I am now in Dublin, ready to play the Norwegian Championship of Poker that starts tomorrow.
Possibly going to London at the end of the month.... Any bars I should stop in?
you're like obsessed with him aren't you :P
CEO correlates very closely to GDP.
bookings begin on Thurs. I recommend booking asap,rates may increase after released the 1st day. Let me know if u want a quote
Why did I just sit here and watch that entire Brewers game?
I know! Maybe we should stop by LA this summer! Lol
"Cut my life in to pizzas"
I love being on the beach .. it makes me feel relaxed when I'm listening to the waves (: its like I have no worries !
bro.... Your never gonna be auntie Lexi, cause of me. Just sayin D:
RT: Susan Komen would not give in to bullies or to fear. Too bad the foundation bearing her name did. Support Save lives.
Sent that bitch a smiley face...bitches love smiley faces
Bite her in her fucking neck. Bite her in her fucking neck. Bite her mothafuckin' leg. Bite her mothafuckin' leg.
eagles nest with no ana, is no eagles nest
this one. Hey I got to log off now, got to study for my test ttyl
Follow Me Please!? 59
Looks like I'm headed for Maine. Thanks its' gonna be so fun! I <3
Yay! lol I felt bad for a minute there. Thought I said something wrong!
How about the GREEN TESM
Missing our homeland a lil bit. Happy Lundi Gras y'all!
haha i would if i knew how ! olivia did it for me, but all it is is a french braid starting from the bottom of ur hair haah
Another design bookstore I have to hit up in NYC.
Knee dr.... Hoping for good news.
Games on => NBA - Memphis Vs Oklahoma City Game 7
Our little baby boy is turning one! How sweet that his b-day is on recordstore day!? Spin spin, spin the black circle! Happy bday Marlon.
LMFAOOOOOO you'll have to press the machine button to talk everytime
feeling spoiled tonite <3 beach house chilln while King Crab Legs & Oysters are being cooked for me~ Heaven!! :)
Part 3 of my "It's Time To Clean Up Poker' series is here. This one talks about how, if we want to be treated with respect, we .... (cont.)
Ya know I have the BEST friends!!! My friend Frayser hooked me up with a bitchin' new security system. Anyone needing security call me! :^)
at least i agree with you about a bulls-spurs final but disagree about outcome bulls will take it in 6 or 7
Universal for a bit with
that is very interesting. I agree too much time on their hands lol.
"You smell like shit!!"
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Commitee on Sexual Thought
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be. Glad I waited to replace my original.
The Republican primary is like the best TV reality show ever.
Sat in a preproduction Tesla Model S today. Want! (After you, Messrs Clooney, Schwarzenegger.) I Kept trying iOS screen gestures though :-/
lol well i would say watch but I'm sure you will only get the satisfaction of saying I've seen it
yes sir
Just got cursed out by "researcher" who claims the Univ stole his 1971 master's thesis ideas. Didn't seem to matter than I wasn't born yet.
Studio day!
Kentucky fell behind 10-2 to start the game, then started trying and went on a 30-6 run the rest of the half
About to watch Martin!!!
Who will be our 900th follower??
: I know. I don't either. It's fun to get on every once in a while though to see wazzup. I almost feel too old for this tho!
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus what's his name yall? Jesus Jesus Jesus
yea I figured. That's like your home.
rockin Easter Sunday service
Mainstream HOLLYWOOD is about to produce HELLA "Think Like A Man" replicas. "Oh THIS is what they like now?"
Alien 1: "Did the humans get our message?" Alien 2: "Yeah, but they named it dubstep and dance to it"
Your body is the baggage you must carry through life. The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip. Arnold H. Glasgow
We didn't win here either lol we didn't win a damn thing lol
Temper flaring !!!!
nice, enjoy it
looks like we have more in common than swimming btw >>>
meanwhile, in Michigan, women make 74.4% of what men make. Way to make your case to women, Pete!
What a very interesting and mostly rewarding day.. now go Caps!!
Designing #BigCartel site as we speak! #hardwork but hopefully smooth transition for online JenoLo Store
Trying Digsby to simplify all this networking. www.digsby.com
CAT: meow meow. I love you, please feed me. ME: you're getting declawed today, so I can't. CAT: Mreow?
happy thursday teliyah
Jessica Bloom to be sentenced at 1:30. She pleaded guilty to DUI hit-and-run, seriously injuring a decorated Marine. Dept. 30 HOJ.
We're there too! :)
what's the number ?!
If swimming is good for your figure, how do you explain whales ?
if a dog gets me this! mad... I can't imagine having a kid, I think it would drive me to the point of murder.
The cup is in the liquid.
looking forward to this weekend, spending quality time with the family
If I had a bone in my body that said I don't give a fuck it would be revolt season.
Kincaide is cold bro.
nice to see a pic of you back
Protect your racks from accidental damage with Dexion's heavy-duty rack protectors
huh? You're very stealthy cc.
Its alright its a workout tho lifiting heavy stuff for 8 hours lol
Love this Movie.
Great Lakes Holy Moses White Ale on patio at #ChappysTapRoom - tasty & refreshing!
I'm not sure sci fi shows can handle musicals. Regardless of that, I still would love to see that. Ha.
then dont delete /:
When I was lockd away tha only thing killin me is they took my music!! Now I'm banging that tha stereo loud
yes. Gross.
RT : Photo: Here's a fairly solid quick look as to what works at what time on Pinterest.
give me your meat.
I wrote a lullaby I goes "bed bed bed thats where I wanna be bed bed bed so that where I'm gonna be!!" lol ;P
China uses about 45 billion chopsticks per year. #odd facts
Design is a product of an idea...
Music helps lighten up my mood, especially on days when I feel horrible :')
So cute seeing them on the railroad tracks.(:
Aye trick, where are you?
This tweetdeck app is awesome (: just changed my TL pink (:
Media day! Still in (a happy) shock that the Giants are in the Super Bowl.
Stupid little boys <<<
Einstein on the Beach, Satyagraha, Symphony 9, sax quartet concerto, the string quartets.
Anytime...are you following ? Their class supply lists often tap Tres Americas' resources.
take your reverse cowgirl ass on
Packin up:) going to have some visiters late on. Then maybe out to eat with the girls!!
Dear Commencement stage, Please go away. Cheers, Nico
One of our local news anchors got her "laugh lines" botoxed. It's just so horrible to look like you have emotions like a normal human being.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest. -Thoreau
You & I know, no one really wants a player with a bad back.
Family time >>>
I think it'd be pretty funny to bring my cats to work.
Friend and I stayed at tonight for about 30 minutes and were charged $181.70.
shout out to the mindless chic of the universe x2 u the best *drake voice*
SOLD OUT! Dearborn and Monroe we will have to see you next week!
Ew! My apologies.
You can have the dryer if you want when ours comes. Seriously.
We need to get a group session with - good tips and motivation - we'll have to work that out
obvs.bby.and itll go out with harry and louis' baby x
This is a public promise that I will ditch these sweats as soon as my #finals are over.
"May each of us renew our resolve to do what must be done.” - President Obama, at a Holocaust Memorial
Doesn't seem like a crazy crowd. See one woman in a football jersey
Yeah finding what is an effective punishment is key. Pencils that's different. :-)
I love reading client communications"We're so glad we went with ZirMed","Our customer response time was fabulous" "ZirMed helps us collect".
haha, he pisses me off so much seeing him on tv every time they zoom into the dugout.
by the rules of aristotelian logic, I'm unable to prove that is not funny smelling, & so must take him at his word.
RT : Next wknd is mother's day + it's our firstever Fine Craft Fair at Rittenhouse Square in #philly. Bring mom to the show....
Next up HR 1981 also know as (PCFIPA) requires ISPs to record your every action online.
If you could go back in time to HS, what would you do? I'd play my geetar in the talent show & read more.
really happy for you! Your light is gonna shine bright for the whole world! Congrats on the new gigs!
Learning ~ #TunnelVision public art project installing in Bethesda metro - very cool!
is a tweeting machine this morning!
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
that's good for you. You will be focused ALL day. Wake up tomorrow and beat everything that's put in front of you.
boy...I LOVE YOU MORE THAN A FAT KID LOVES CAKE <33
I love you too baby <3
They say you like guys like your dad, guess that's why I like sperm so much. Cause I love it! Jizz kidding.
#ConfessionTime We should be best friends. Pals. You know
Finally reading The Hunger Games thanks to
I need to create one asap!!
RT : “Warren Buffett’s secretary shouldn’t pay a higher tax rate than Warren Buffett.”
This speech is the gauntlet for 2012
This week we are upgrading our servers. There may be periodic disruptions to the Housing application portal. Sorry for any inconvenience.
If #oomf dates another #oomf she's gonna get hurt so bad
Four years, two months...LOTS of new friends! ............7,000 tweets later..I <3 Twitter! :-D
no those are real. I know... can you believe it?!...
NEW MID-WEEK SPECIAL! Celebrate Spring with Wine Wednesdays. Every Wednesday, through June 28th, all bottles of wine under $100 are ½ off.
really wats goin on tonight....should i work lol
thank you for the mention, you are correct!
Must get to your class soon...I've still not tried spin nor krank!! Love training w/ SJH, but I've got to try both of those!
Dear Repubs: NPR? Not jobs or economy, but NPR? Really? Lost in the wilderness of their own delusion, I guess.
"Cow! cow! come home! home!"
Eww I would NEVER smoke a Cancer Stick ! .-.
Chastain should have been nominated for both and won for TToL.
I believe there is 3% out of 100 of us that has originality
Would love to connect about your 1:1 iPad program. Started one this year at a MS in MD.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart." --Helen Keller
Your so helpful
not at all... Except me tho...
that was a terrible tweet haha you suck.
I want some mcdonalds or buger king
another notch on the belt of in house projects . we are moving on to the next
or City.com free email?
Playing with Hadoop. Fun.
what for? I'm headed to the reading in St Catherine's on Friday.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions- Albert Einstein
Yeah I know man. I'm sure I'll be around though
Lol! Well you look like the type of dancer that can really break dance... haha
You guys dancing till the world ends? -Britney
bud "here we go" ad was cute.
RT I propose all you non-food usernames adopt a delicious name ... concur and here's a freebie (my backup) - truffleoil
taking a picture of yourself holding a sign? O___o
That's a great recommendation! Can't wait to read FAITH BASS DARLING'S LAST GARAGE SALE.
More bread less war just like the 60's a broken record no wants to hear!
Hope you sprang forward.
First band practice with the new drum kit. Let's do this!
That's better than nothing lol....I can't wait for Saturday night. I need to find a place
Damn glad to have you, Patrick. #134 RT “: Committed to the University of Michigan! Gonna be a Wolverine! #GoBlue! ”
Awesome day! Hope you had one too!
whoa... how did I beat you guys? Stop to listen to the drums at occupy baltimore?
Another one at 7pm and (for 10 billionth time), think we fixed the code ..."BeerManScott's phone = show the damn mobile site!"
Demar Derozan, both long wiry guards with good handles & a knack for scoring in various ways
Not sure if I'm more excited that my mom gifted me a deal or that she knows HOW to gift me a deal.
Last day of school finally christmas break:D
82 games at .317 and 26 wins or 66 games at .317 and 21 wins. Unlikely. (But I'll be there cheering)
I love Lassen's. All my favorite big city product choices in one place!!
who lost teeth? Lol
Weeding the yard the first time year. Out of shape.
MT : It's a good sign when you discover that someone needs to spend an hour a day on their own to stay sane.
ok so what if SanFran doesnt land Manning and Alex Smith is too pissed to resign w/ them what will they do at qb?
what are you working on??
So much for my plans tonight. Unexpected car trouble means no#BASSH for me. I really wanted to go too. :(
hell of a show!!! if you missed the show tonight you ah nobody!!!! Much love !!!! Shout out to !!!
thanks for the RT! And thanks to for answering my e-mail so quickly :)
Thanks for the support! Let's definitely fix this!
That would make for a great story. What about Abelard and Heloise?
My bed feels soo good right now
Losing my mind...
Fox news reported in 2008 that no president has the power to increase or lower gas prices. Fair&Balanced..unless it's Obama
Just one week until
Thank you for the follow, it's an honor.
stay working hard!
dam rite #CeNation family is the best cant wait until this monday on raw
Heading to Redondo Beach for a week. Just realized was Sat. Need a ride. Gas money and beer.
Theres a reason why people feel safe and sound around certain people.
Don't give in to all of the holiday temptations. Limit yourself to one special treat per party, and you will not feel so guilty.
Observations working with g. 5 students with e-readers: increased reading, sustained reading, use of enhancement features
Hey person, "Meet me at the Verizon Center" doesn't really sound like a recipe for success. You know it's kinda big, right?
Thank you to everyone who came out to the groundbreaking this morning! And thanks to the weather for cooperating this time.
Checking out the #Nats v. the #Reds. No high #socks for #BryceHarper today. Just singled to LF. I wondered if he'll run.
thanks dude
Before we end, is there a #5thchat tweetup happening at ISTE???
Yo Coz! course I recognized you, man. I been meaning to find out about y'all where abouts, man. All's well, coz, How's the fam?
Does it count if the bird in my hand is me? ;)
if they had pajama day @ work..I would be excited too!
It's my Birthday today and i'm this many...(holds up 9 fingers) I'm as old as my creative-comic-music and movie peeps i hang with :-)
That's what she said.
omg....the placenta teddy bear might be the scariest freaking thing ive ever seen in my life!!!
The Chevy Volt can go w/o fuel for 35mi! What "fuel" can you NOT live w/out? Reply w/ #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
Thank God it's payday!!!
they want people magazine packaged celebrities, they don't want actually to analyze their own interests. It intimidates!
Happy Spring Break to FSU, UCF, UF and FAU! Be sure to check out our spring break features!
can't eeen much flex, meg is one ugly character. out here shaped like a spacers pencil box & whatnot.
Thug I miss you.!
i wish you were here to go hard with me. You gotta come back next year
RT : Haven't been to a THATCAMP yet; planning to attend (with and others) and with dLOC!
High school: more like: I'm in NY VC Representing Russia's Second Biggest Tech Investor.
kids the biggest ash-hole ive ever met -------->
In case you didn't make it in today, the Reuben is on our lunch menu every day!
#omgthatssotrue that Today is International Moment of Laughter Day and #theresnothinglike a good laugh!
Come in today until 5pm and get ANY medium drink 25% off.....just mention this tweet;) Gotta love coffee on a cold cloudy day....
I'm pretty positive my newest roommate is an Australian woman who loves animals and takes pictures for a living.
this one is for you! #teamjolene YOOOOOO!
#signsyoursonmightbegay. He likes twilight and wants to see the hunger games.
No problem at all : (...) I'm sure JCDL will be a big success; I am prob just a bit bitter about not having time to go
no food?
You may think you're making me mad, all you're doing is making it easier to check you off my list! THANK YOU! #ikeepshining!
Rising Latex prices is an opportunity to consider a switch to a latex free environment. The Glove Group can help!
Cephalonian = something for me to look up later.
RT if your single..
Hm...Why do libraries always have "book author" visits? Maybe we should ALSO consider "web designer" visits? "videographer visits"?
Let's go Demons! Watching on TV in Phoenix!. : #DePaul leads Louisville 41-22
I love your website. The post on clearing clutter hit home. Your writing style is something to which we should all aspire.
I don't understand how people have a thing for feet
Was great seeing you all last night!
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW BACK HONESTLY..
welcome to twitter! nice to have you here =)
i like taking time and i like your mind.
"Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu."
October specials- exam, x-ray and a computerized spine screening for canned food donations!!! Come in, help and let us help you as well!! :)
I am going to kick this week in the butt. Watch out week, I wear tall pointy high heels.
My favorite mturk requester has been rejecting all hits for spurious reasons! Some sort of glitch? Grrrr
Rainy day. Too bad my dog doesn't care. Rain, sleet, or snow, someone's gotta go.
hey johnny i met you in the airport buddy checkout my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
What was your favorite gift for Valentine's Day?
OH: The number of people I want to beat into a paste grew today.
do I seriously sound good?
you're always on vacation!
and mushroom, onion, Tillamook cheddar, and ortega quiche!
Driving back to the TC from the north shore, watching the outside temp slowly tick upward.
STEVE NOVAK BABY
awesome night of music! RT #ShuffleCulture at then #BowlTrain at
You mean alot more to me than you'll ever know .
Its impossible to comment/contact on the fvalumni blog & it's RIDICULOUSLY frustrating. Have some photos of FV to share but 4getit
Excited for March!
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were. ;-)
I just want to know how is dale going to do to today
no! -_- I just put it away and I'm doing hw lol
Really, really good. This finale easily surpassed S1's with Katherine's finger-cutting return.
I wonder if plays Diablo 3?
Ima make you mine before I leave cause every little thing you do to me got me going crazy
#NYTM unrollme sounds awesome. Good job - struck a chord with us all. You deserve the applause!
omg -__- lol wtf did you just wake up from an hour ago?? lol
Don't forget to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!!
thank you!
SO I get in my car and my mom is watching the kids come outta school and goes "MY GOD! YOUR SCHOOL IS UGLY..." lmaooooooo U R RIGHT MOM! hah
Makes a rainy day fantastic - they made my oatmeal perfect, and it was tasty!!
Just downloaded #minecraft360! =]
I'm pretty sure #PeteWeber is going to end someone when this match is over.....
We print t-shirts for teams in the #SusanGKomen #raceforthecure. Hit us! Breast cancer awareness is a personal passion for our family.
Also, my phone tried to autocorrect Santorum to "sanitarium."
i don't know how you are happy with this trade, you just lost two of your best players and gained no immediate help.
I think just made my life! If she answers the phone <U+E40D>
I've never been to Omaha, so we are excited (even if you aren't!). oh, and the invites are lovely!
Not much life left in the crowd here now. A walk-off grand slam would energize everyone.
Let's go
I was really tired, and so I became a coffee drinker this morning. Who am I?!
I have like a little rash on my tattoo :(( like only on the red color part of my tattoo D:
Yeah, Twitter. I'm going to follow "". COME ON.
Well that was rather rude.
Mine is rofl
Thanks! We will check them out :) What is their Twitter?
LOTS of sunshine in #Madison. Could add fuel to thunderstorms later on. We're at 77° at the moment.
oh, i totally understand! :-)
": #GOT #CHOICES" Like For Real Yo
You aint nothing but a hoodrat! Dr. Booth
Horrible call
60 degrees in Bogota...I miss sea-level so much
Chicago,,,,,pls read: “Better beans and bacon in peace than cakes and ale in fear.”
Ah! Yes, that sounds like an issue! Lol! And yes, Glorioso's has a Ton of great par cooked foods! LOVE!! ;)
oh man--I wish I'd been home for taco night. Miss you guys!
Agree RT : The new movie "Ted" with Mark Wahlberg looks incredibly hilarious.
Nights as in 3rd shift??
The way he talked!!! He was so nice(;
Thank you Can I ask what program you use with it.
I wanna see #megamind (:
Thanks again to everyone who came out last night and to all the great people at M.O.M.I. ! Next stop, bakersfield!
aww never mine miami!
Apparently Bruno Mars is gay? Still like his music though
HEY, that futbol game is on ESPN Deportes which we don't get... Checked Gala, TeleF, etc... Nothing.
still trying to get used to #dishnetwork anyone have tips, advice?
Can't sleep? REDDIT!
Stayin humble like a righteous man should truly
no she's going somewhere with her dad
"To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing."-Elbert Hubbard, American writer, artist philosopher
Listening to international love ( it's playin in the resturaunt)
What do tigers dream of, when they take there little tiger snooze...
"He chews the face bars right off his helmet." Billy Ray Smith Sr., DL, Baltimore Colts (played from 1958-1970)
Toney Douglas went from starting PG to forgotten man on the bench. Per D'Antoni: 'somebody would have to get hurt of fall out of favor'
The epic Jersey-New York NHL conference semifinals begins in about 2 hours. Let's get after it Rangers.
how sick is the Honda commercial with the van turning into a black panther
Good night, everyone. Have to get up super early tomorrow for breakfast meeting. Sleep well!
RT Breaking: #occupyportland march numbers diminish after rounding corner at Mary's Club. Chanting "We are the 99% and we like the ladiez"
can u follow me back please :)
good morning :)
please tell me those photos didn't come from my office...
RT : I don't want to say that the person who made National Grilled Cheese Day during Passover is an anti-Semite, but...
RT Essentials of Novel #muse2012 Give your character a distinct smell. Smell is often neglected in descriptions.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither
Any trauma can cause compensatory movement to avoid pain. Your nervous system will subconsciously show you the path of least resistance.
confession: we're actually rewatching the series :)
#NP Juicy-Biggie "My whole crew is loungin', celebrating everyday no more public housing"
Here at PerBlue HQ, we are prepping for a visit from #madison Mayor Paul Soglin.
I swear, I hear that "Mr. Saxobeat" song everywhere I go now.
Getting your GM's attention/support - storify positive feedback, screenshot e-mails and note comments.
Has anybody made Team Tyrion shirts yet? If so, I want one.
My cool Cool People Care merchandise arrived! Thank you. I promise to recycle the packaging...
Done! And I signed it as well. Sorry it took a few days. Thank you for organizing this petition!
OK, as far as the difference between the character and person -- my take is that the real person is a far more gentle soul. Yours?
What are your plans for the weekend?
#FF , who told us we should learn to #love the #hashtag at last week's #socialmedia and the #90daylaunch event. She rocks!
My love <3
Just visited Anthropologie in Westside Provisions District. Sale room rocks! More to come in AJC Style.
tell her i said happy mothers day:D
Great question! Our visitors should revise our practices for mobile
lol yep! First ever! I think I'm gonna really enjoy it too :)
Another exciting day in Nashville
Grrr.. inbox count is up to 30. Will empty it by the end of the day.
Yum, leftover Indian food at 3 am study break - perfect.
#NYR Fans who wants to go to the game Saturday night? RETWEET this and Follow us by 4PM for your chance to see the action live !
has this insane and ridiculously amazing music video for #IToldYouSo on MTV right now..
I need you to give me some feedback on my music? Tell what songs you like www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
Thanks for the #followfriday. I appreciate it enormously. Warm regards, Maya
hey, could be a line at security
Oh yeah, the less Gov. that you advocate for is not waste, not ear marks, but instead the "Safety Net". These are not Conservative Values?
Rob Dyrdek's Ridiculousness is quite possibly the worst thing on TV. Really - it makes Jersey Shore look like quality television.
I fell asleep listening to love and woke up listening to it! Such a great song:D
not yet...
once a whiner, always a whiner...
your so pretty ! And your dancing is amazing ! How long have you been dancing?
nice. u end up snagging it?
Thanks for having me! RT : Thank you for sharing your skills at #MAMP this morning!
at the very least, pujols shouldn't be an all-star this year.
I'm really getting sick of this phone not charging
I tld u look like u was on something
MT What a world in which peeing on dead people yields more moral outrage than killing them in the first place.
did you??
Fish: "Hello?" Patrick: "I love you."
on the fone w. ;) follow her
Everyone go follow They have amazing quotes! Go now :)
There are no plans at this time to release a version for Linux OS. Please check back for updates.
Triple-double No. 21 for Rondo (No. 8 in the playoffs).
Understand the ski hill in Houghton, MI, opened early this year. Is central Wisc. in a snow drought? Big hopes for real snow soon
TONIGHT at : Benny Hernandez (Population, No Slogan) & Sara Reeble spin DIY, punk, proto-industrial, minimal wave & more! 10pm!
even after everything you are still trying, drop the act already.
So nice we have to do it twice! 2nite Adrolicious 5 year anniversary w special guests live band and general insanity
Every time I hear "Take Five", I think, "Stellar jukebox, sir."
I like it. "fairy godmother" status requires a new outfit.
well I'm sure our fellow travelers will be considerate...
Tip #103: Tell the great players how great they are. Ask their advice occasionally (respect them).
Lovely day for a walk in Brookland with my ladies. Gonna hit up the plant sale at the monastery and perhaps grab a bite to eat somewhere.
Thank you all who attended ! We had such a lovely night together! We'll see you next month at !
Wait! Your Fleury is EVOLVING!! Fleury has evolved into A WALL!!
wow, good job. Hahahaha
Yes ma'am! :) They're just lyrics. lol
Back to the gym tomor. Pray for me! Bc my bed is so fine right now! Lol
Today's intersession fun: HVAC maintenance and poetry book reviewing.
nasty mofo movie
I'm your biggest fans, please follow me back :) I'm proud to be enchancers
I think my next phone's going to be an iPhone, just because of Instagram.
This bitch got sea shells in her hair lmao
I seriously fucking hate it when someone is sad/mad about something and they decide to take it out on me. Thats not okay.
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wanna hear something utterly ordinary? Listen to Lindsay Lohan's "leaked" song "Can't Stop Won't Stop" online!
5 more weeks..,
John Carter Heads to Blu Ray and DVD « Video Vault
This match sums up Isner's career: He's fighting really well, saving lots of break points...but hurting his chances to go deep @ a big event
0.25-inch hail was just reported in holy hill about 15 minutes ago... probably getting nervous
your really cute and I love your channel!<3
My dancing or the songs? Ha!
Newt Gingrich is only newsworthy if he drops out OR gets bitten by another penguin.
I did not know Ed Hardy made blazers...or that middle age men wore them in public w/ ripped jeans...
Franklin, King of the little fair turtles!
You got to get the habit of doing that brodude.. haha
Watching Jared Spool: UIE Virtual Seminar: Search Scent and the Happiness of Pursuit
woo new Hoarders episode!!!
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. ~W. Edwards Deming
Lisa! You're our superstar! Thanks for all of those RT's and posts! We truly appreciate the support! Are we connected ?
love you camilla follow me plse!
We dig Arlington! Many of the bands who play there leave stoked! Thanks Arlington!
For all my 159 followers, what's your nootz year rezzies? Love hearing from yall everyday!
Works great, have used it to/from Europe for years.
Game vs. Howard canceled at halftime with FIU up 2-1 due to heavy rain and lightning in the area. No make up has been announced.
That awkward moment when an ugly person disses ugly people...
I made a couple stars outa basic bitches <U+2728>
After getting in late last night, too tired to worry about wrinkles on clothes.
"Wait, don't go there. That is my no-no square. R-A-P-E! Get that penis out of me!"
Also, a pet peeve that I see around (not here): checking is_admin() in wp_enqueue_scripts. There's admin_enqueue_scripts for that
Callin my phone before 10am will definitely get you popped <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><U+2755>
Maintaining Authenticity, Avoiding Distraction : A Social Media Experiment at the Newseum on now
Great opening on mobile apps Dan Gordon!
We some Workaholics.
The Magic of Garage Sales. You gotta spend money to save money!
If you negotiate with no leverage, you will lose. Maximum leverage occurs at the time of the offer.
Minnesota Lynx beat the Silver Stars 62-60. Jia Perkins had tied it 60-60 with 3 free throws.
answer yo phone stupid
because strippers & pro hoe's use that to not have remember your name.it a tell tale if you think someone is 'undercover'
Out of work, skate!
when's it dropping
It's a shame that twitter.com splits hash tags at the hyphen, so only the #alt of #alt-ac is linked
Ordered my costume!!! But it's gonna take forever to get here ugh
The Los Angeles ripper is finishing up with sound post work.
Just did :)
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Tied at 4
Listening to Laura naviaux ( ) at #sdsms ... Very interesting
Miller: continuing pattern of decentralization and concomitant flexibility; power of cooperation eg CAPTCHAs
the environment, etc., etc., etc. Not one has a comprehensive plan - C'mon Guys, the Artic is Melting, you know ? No time for pussy-footing
Once again, I'm speechless Just... thank you. Dance high on a whole new level right now.
why are you mad?
Self check out machines suck ass!
One student in a Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt in class today.
Moving On is prob. my favorite 1.<U+2764>
RT : Discuss the impact of high-poverty areas on kids at Twitter chat, this Wed at 2 PM EST...
I'd rather Sarah Palin Jog in front of their vehicles. You have more to offer.
that would be too much on my plate at the moment. I have done some of that.
I majored in liberal arts. Will that be for here or to go?
Are you at Confab? I'd sneak over to see you!
Nice! Way to look out! RT Romyy I went to last week in Neshaminy Mall (Philly) & they said they'll try to get it!
I am thankful and proud to receive the endorsement of the Milwaukee Professional Firefighters Association Local 215.
Best to combine them unless what you blog about is different from what your website portrays.
That awkward moment when you don't know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Spending the night at my sisters(:
it's okay! Thanks ! :) hope yours was a great one!
Didn't you just get over a cold?? RT : Cold coming on. Not happy.
saw you on what a story & effort. Best of luck to you & enjoy the 162 while you're at it!
Tell your friends to follow our lovely band on this gloomy #FF... and in return, we'll get freaky with you. Like... really weird.
Has anyone seen a map or aerial view of shot on #10? Wouldn't that be a nice graphic to see?
You do not want to be in a car with me when I am in a good mood.
Alan was hired at Christopher Newport U to head their digital art program!! yay! My job, tbd... I'll figure something out :)
It gets on my last fucking nerve when people use improper grammer. Seriously did you go to fucking school. Fuck. Hahaha. I'm going crazy.
You need to get on twitter a little more. Jump on my page and follow who I'm following.
if u haven't u should go see Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. Tht movies is so awesome
Developing the language for a new ecology of learning
Quote of the day: #Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future
Time to choose your team for your halftime "Can we get team X out there for the second half?" tweet.
#Squirrels4Good if don't know, you ain't hip to dip.
my school had facebook blocked...
enough is enough....women are mad as hell and they're not gonna take it anymore...
Headed to Montréal.
Had an awkward encounter today......
after open Mike at Java Lounge, went to Dog and Bone. Go figure... I sit there and study alot. It is just noisy enough for me.
Friday night doing nothing...well this sucks
Christain just left. <U+2665> I can't can a country song out of my head. HEADS CAROLINA, TAILS CALIFORNIA.
Oh no! We hope you feel better soon!
After 14 straight hours of work, I'm finally coming down. Thursdays wear me out.
embed code is a way for youth to retain power over their civic media beyond the moment of production, per at
I'm About 2 Go Nutz Crazy..
how do I become cool enough to get a blue checkmark by my name?
I might be a sex addict. I should get evaluated or something
RT : What does it truly mean to rejoice with those who rejoice, and mourn with those who mourn? Well wishing isn't enough.
RT : There are no atheists the last eight miles of an Ironman.
Friday's in the Roost: Check in on Foursquare to get half price Outtakes from 1 to 2 p.m.
RT : Since the aren't playing I'd rather have win rather than the Rock. Only because I'm a McCready fan
hey how have you been
all I kno is get money its in my DNA....
that is so dope!
Thanks for the RT
Tune in to ABC 20/20 and watch the story on "bath salts", the dangerous new hallucinogen sweeping the country's youth.
Never felt a quake before. Don't get much of that down here in Houston. We have heat though!
": #FullyintheTux is almost here my friends..."
Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man. I can see that though.
hell yeah. I cant wait to get home
QPR! Wow what an effort!
Average in Monona for visibility this week: 3-5 sigs per hour per person. Canvassing will be about 2 hourly. Keep visibility work up.
Branson, Missouri.. Tons of deer heads everywhere at my hotel! It scares me but inside... I like it!:) Oh
Sometimes I don't know if I wanna hug you or choke the shit outta you..smfh
Bout to cop a flip phone... F it...
What a motley #FF crew you've assembled. Cheers!
love you <3 <3 crazy girl
Korra with that uppercut though
anyone else notice that since twitter began, overreaction and over dramatization is up in the virtual world. People make mistakes ya know
Thanks for the RT :)
S/o
You remind me of that kid, Mike TeeVee from Willy Wonka. :')
hes very loyal. I got him a job working at Fenway now too. its in his best interest financially the sox do well.
Hey Marcum, be wary of that Montero. Oh, too late. :(
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
just saw an otherwise handsome, bearded dude smoking while riding his road bike. Boo status squandered.
At a world affairs discussion group on rise of european far right at bar next to obama's or hq. Fun coincidences. :-)
EXACTLY ONE WEEK. I REPEAT EXACTLY 1 WEEK TILL #1DINDC jegnmfdbngdidlhyjrmhtkhjakrhm SAVE ME I'M CORN! :D
not necessarily. my dude I'm worried for you.
Thanks for the follow , , and ! Always great to connect with new tweeters.
We are good at getting people home from that place. ;) haha
2011 was one of the happiest, most prosperous, productive, adventurous, creative, peaceful, blessed, all around fun years ever. HNY to you!
We have refrigerated and freezer truck capabilities. Call our Sales department to learn about our services 312-997-2850
Had an amazing time at the #CableFAX Program Awards today!! A really great turn out and tons of fun! :)
Just arrived at the Arlington Dems HQ to do some phone-banking for Jim Moran.
Have a lot shit to do today, while I'm just laying here....
How many apples are in one apple seed?
I dont understand your Q about release distribution. Clarify?
On my way to ELSUG in Wichita Falls, TX. Just an excuse to stop in Gainesville, TX for fried pies (tho I'm also doing two presentations),
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles. - Christopher Reeve
Ooh, which season?
In '88, the O's returned home 1-23 and had 50k fans at Memorial Stadium... Will there be a large crowd for this O's team Monday vs. Texas?
Baruch is just minutes away from Wall Street, midtown, and global headquarters of companies and organizations! Networking is easy at Baruch.
Turnout off to slow start on primary #ElectionDay in
missed connections
I will do all of them except the Goodwill one my friend. I am too lazy to go buy it lol
Very odd. What was your favorite Best Picture nominee? I liked The Descendants the best.
Over here now. Smooshed near double police line.
Check timeline of for a true touch of class as he heads to the Thank you, Mr. Bogut. Best of luck, once again.
Come party tonight with us
He had heart surgery. From what I understand, he will be doing fine because he got it done !!!
time for a trendwatching piece on popup toy stores.
Exactly right!
569 followers, I tell you what, how about we get just to 1000 followers, have a contest and give away some FOH merch? sound cool? yeah!
It's Prom Day! Should be a good day...sun's shining...!
Congratulations to my brother Dusty on his engagement!
fasho, its coming soon... but what im working on now you can appreciate it just as much if not more....
why did you get your phone taken away
that could have been a lifestyle reference
ouch!! Broken toes hurt... and not much to do to help them. Sorry to hear that!
No one is going to make your life worth living more than you are.
We need 10 dedicated members for our street team! Email if you are a true turtle ;)
cannot wait so spend 2-3 w/ my babe.. first time camping!
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
Your love is the only love I'm tasting <3 5.5.2k12
You said that you could let it go, but i wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know
love the article!
Me & u together nothing gets better! -Adele <U+2665>
its fun
Do future learning scenarios include home -school college experience, peer to peer learning credentials in prisons, ?
Clarity Legal's Timeline application to be released Monday - easy to create and customizable timelines for Mac, Windows, or Linux.
I'd say, in this particular corner of Guilford County, the peak of leaf season is today.
Im staying abstinent for 5 years lmfao ...
Composing QR Code Quest for Nat. Lib. Week. Thinking students might find it to be too much "work" for a supposed "fun" activity.
Going to watch The Avengers thanks to and her friends :) lol
Wieters now just needs a triple for the cycle.
Good luck ! Hope yours comes soon! If your wife is anything like mine she is already not getting much sleep.
Happy New Year! My resolution? Tweet more.
So happy I got the chance to meet you. bonds all!
When you see it, then you'll understand.
Hold up, Hold up, HOLD THE FUCK UP Who's fuckin leading the game.......
Who are you excited to see at the Expo? Our first show in Denver is just 8 days away!
Thinking about going to the Dominican Parade
carefree, wherever we may be, we are the famous S-K-Glee!
some football action in this weather right now? lets do this!
Thank you for the RT's , you rock!
Carl Lee says SET FREE 10% of the HUMANS Locked-Up and doing TIME for a CRIME. Help Turn 10% of the Humans Loose. Campaign
Thank you for your support of #acweek and #nationalservice!
3 DAYS LEFT! Hope everyone's getting excited!!
TWEETIN FROM THE TRAIN VIA MY PERSONAL HOTSPOT IM STILL AMUSED BY THIS EVEN THOUGH PEOPLE HAVE HAD THIS FOREVAAA WHATEVAA
Oh that's perfect! I can't wait.
After thunderstorms in the morning it's shaping out to be a pretty nice day for sprints.
indeed! She left a space for me to write my own fairy story at the back, haha
I am thinking a children's book, that image on every page, and the dialogue getting sadder and sadder throughout...
The best part about house hunting is seeing how people decorate their homes. It's shocking sometimes.
swag nd money dont make a real man, a real man is a man with good attitude, a man who respect a woman nd a man who knows wat he wants
so theres maybe like, 5 people actually worth following on my tweeter>.<
Follow and RETWEET this if you wanna shoutout!
BAM!!! Kudos to on selling out That Conference Chicago Hackathon! Greatness ready to happen!
don't be obnoxious .... it was a dirty play.
I'm hitting the start area around 6:30ish. After a quick stop at the 1/2-3/4 mile point, camping out at 6/9 until the half finish.
Awesome! Thank you! :)
dirk almost got his head knocked off!
Old man on Price is Right wins a car and 25K. We'll see if he dies of a heart attack before he leaves the studio.
m22q 1st half so excited , inter will put off his angel mask and will show the real football . ??
RT : A #Sagittarius is choosy in a mate and will test-drive before they buy. This can be confused with being a player.
reading a FANTASTIC book: the imperfectionists. great. (and i love that the main word in the title gets the red squiggle! form and function)
make me a shirt
SEC! SEC!
: it iss. -pretends to read book- fat guys want my dickk x:
Thats whats up. U should def do covers. & dont forget Christmas is soon. Do some classics. & J. Beiber's Mistletoe also.
Question: Is there a hard line between the economic and the political? I think not; the economic is predicated on the political.
That thing you said about revenge lol its pretty funny
so happy for you and Joey :-) come home soon I want to hear stories!
appreciate the love my guy!
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
It's going well Guy, been a very busy, but good week. How is yours wrapping up? Thanks for the RT too
im just gonna lay here in my skiveys and social network all day
well that's practically spitting distance from me!
Can't wait to see you there! RT : cool sounds like amazing festival !
after 3 months..back to twitter...
Good morning fam....getting a early workout before I hit the highway to Portland .......
is going into post-audio production for a video showcasing client's hottest new products.
Get out of the rain and into the Owl. $3 select drafts, $3 house wine, $3 rail drinks from til' 7pm. Or try our Fall/Winter menu!
Medical & Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1862-1865 is helpful in tracking surgeons.
Mean people speak untruths about me, to lift themselves up w/o knowing what they speak. God, forgive them for they know not what they do.
I just discovered they now sell pens for lefties, considering all the issues I have with pens, I'm considering buying one....
Pack your resume as full as you can. The more certificates, credentials, the better. Special Ed, speech pathology, etc.
I want to join a sport where no one judges me lol
oh I know!
the city has done a great job downtown...I'm part of that success...I have a broad spectrum of supporters.
haha you'll be fine!! Are you going in early tomorrow?
Just submitted my proposal to for a volume on Beyonce's "I Am...Sasha Fierce."
Studies show that just standing up every 20 minutes or so can improve your health considerably. I would add that lying down is good too.
French go hard!! FOH
thanks, we'll be in touch!
if tweets me a pic of the words I'm alive I'm dreaming in his handwriting for my first tattoo. I will wear a chicken suit. lol
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Electronic Music Initiative!!!
Thank you, Although not perfect, at least now "Irrational behavior" do to P.T.S.D. etc. is recognized & treatment is offered.
Whoops just blew a stop sign while tweeting.. Guess I'd be one of those idiots <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Its only for a few days :-) Im excited about Vegas for ur birthday! yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa
Stuck in a hard place
Lights Camera Advocate for Human Rights @ Grandstand booth 69
DUSS really going fast, I day traded it a couple of days ago, looks like it might have legs for penny land!
Nice! Good to hear others will be enjoying
thanks! What kinda design u got in mind?
Don't worry, NPS is trying to do that already! RT : If you continue to list things that you find annoying you will break twitter.
Join us at the German Branch on May 5th at 3 p.m. for a two hours session on E-Books made Easy! Register online or call 271-5144.
All that matter is: IT'S A W!!! Gutty effort, Dawgs!
So much for catching the 38 limited... This bus stops every block!!
I'm assuming I'm going to bed then.
Want to make me cry? Play the movie Dear John.
thank god!
I hate bs,adults should be able to conduct biz without issue.
Tai Chi has helped me in so many ways
Full tab 4eva!
I think those of us who are one-man PH shops have a unique set of difficulties teaching digital.
The taste of this medicine tho<<<<<:(
watching Live from Red Rocks. Killer show was at the Boulder and Red Rocks shows last month. Looking forward to a 2011 DVD!
My soul faints with longing for your salvation, but I have put my hope in your word. Psalm 119:81
write your username backwards so then they won't have a hard time reading it
atleast try to be the best friend you were.
When did the Academy Of Art, go from college to university?
Fuck a bitch
holy crap, I'm so sorry :((
Awesome well a big Happy Birthday to you then! Will stay in touch on this pop up shop idea!
Happy Birthday precioso !!!!!
YOU NASTY tweet
Mark your calendar: next PDX Duck Biz Lunch is Wednesday, May 2 @ White Stag. Bring a friend and let's double the turn-out! See you there.
the Pats'll change that! “: This Pats-Ravens game is more of a defensive struggle than I'd anticipated. #NFL #AFCFinal”
#ItsAmazingHow life is when you wake up with a positive attitude
i havent watched that show in a while
Thanks 4 asking RTTT = NCLB on steroids $ to test corps, not students No educators consulted Follow
it was like a dog park there today.
The Better Business Bureau has lost all credibility with me. They are trying to sell me a membership so they can give me a good rating.
I already don't win other peoples' giveaways, and there's much less publicity. So why would I win the Steam daily wishlist one? I try.
I knew you weren't!!!!
THOU HAST DM'ED YOU BACK.
This Wednesday! Taiwanese #CoffeeBreak from 3-5pm at the GSA lounge. Snacks, coffee and mingling. What more can you ask for on a hump day?
Done, thanks.
and didnt try to do anything about it
RT RT : Mom: "What's your excuse this time?" Me: "Uh, YOLO?"
Running out of battery juice so last tweet for today. Rivka Galchen now talking about Atmospheric Disturbances.
Innovative educational toys will create a stimulating environment for kids & encourage children to take their first educational steps.
of course you sleep! Your face looks fabulous :)
: Coke or Pepsi? Lol
I guess we didn't get the memo! Oh and don't forget, you gotta find some cups to hide behind.
I love big DICKS
NIGGAS GET THEY TAX MONEY AND SAY SHIT LIKE THIS..................AM OUT HERE GETTING MONEY........SMFH THIS SHIT GOTTA STOP ITS 2012
Next questions about teacher tenue ...
awww u couldn't wait to give me MY candy
Had Siam's.
Hooray for trigonometry
I saw a power line spark up for the first time. Sound like folk was shooting. Luckily it wasn't one of ours.
how long does that BFD poll go for?
and im not even dressed yet.
Hey John. I have a couple stories I think Inc might enjoy publishing. What are the steps an aspiring Inc-er can take?
Lol Im Just Gonna Laugh About Everything From Now On!!
Good night everyone :)
This bitch trying to impress my friend. Dude, dont even... Just stop.
your twitter name
that fact that we are even discussing Roadhouse, lol. He was shirtless in Point Break too;)
Where the party at?
Supporting clients in Honolulu, Des Moines, and Plano for starters today.
That's an interesting take on Harvard's announcement, but has troubling implications for funding libraries. :/
don't do it all where doing it tomorrow remember hehe x
Alice in wonderland is gonna look so cool tech wise, idk about the show itself. But techies will be proud.
Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
Did you miss me during the last fucking mystery?
Is it just me or is Andrew Garfield,hot?!?haha
I texted 'Ireland'!
are you going barefoot for toms #onedaywithoutshoes ?
day 3 of #WPT jacksonville underway. toughest table in the room w/e but lets go.
We're totally open!! Come on in!!
the voice of truth says do not be afraid
Bringing in. Any of our clients can tell you how unethical behavior can be exposed quickly in a
Awesome. I smoked in the mile run
My Halal food cart guy made my day when he told his colleague "make it good, he's a regular customer"...he gave me more chicken
They ain't worried about you so don't worry about them
got 2 new leads and a new photographer :)
we talked to his wife one night at a game, super nice lady.
We love #MusicMondays ! What are your kids listening to?
This dude is parked in his car fucking up some corn on the Cobb, hahaha
Thx for the
: Remembers fake retweets of Tweets aren't always what you think.
Absolutely! Gr8 to connect with u :-)
just call me to sing sweet lady please 5038476149
ikk D: I already yelled at BobbieJo. And ofcourse thre talking about it on the radio right now. SOMEONE KHADAFI ME
I hope your day went better today B! LOVE YOU! xoxo
Who's joining us for some Starbucks?
have you used nip guards before?
"when I say 'who da man' you say 'you da man'...who da man?" - Darryl
Filming "coconut grove" at New Calcutta restaurant! Fun.
I'm glad you're getting your time to relax. Make it count while it lasts!
Oversimplification. No evidence we'd make better decisions & wouldn't end up back here again. Need better vision
hail to my fans,they super fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Get your #SuperBowl orders in now! Football shaped #cakepops!!!!!
ready for what???
New Media Marketing & Emerge Sales Strategic Alliance Meeting. DONE!
Its sad that you sacrifice being late to work everyday for someone and they can't help you do one simple thing... its cool though.
Work Hard Play Hard
lol & they were so pointless (x
Windy and cold here.. Is there any good espresso in Burbank ?
Thank you. Getting it ready for next year. Students will access supply lists, etc. starting tomorrow.
Wow, I haven't been this lonely in a very long time. Screw finals on the last day, everyone is gone...but me and the foreign students!
"If you know what you're doing is killing you, then why do it?"... My answer is idk
Just seriously fell in to a rabbit hole of LibGuide editing that I did not anticipate!
Happy mothers day to all you awesome moms out there!!
I thought so too...I wish it looked like how my eyes saw
- So what's your absolute favorite film?
I can't afford to buy porn, so I go to my TV, turn on women's tennis and shut my eyes.
Environmental Questionnaires are a good idea to have ready for your environmental consultants and for in-house use.
no its for here
Thanks, Michelle, I know that's the truth!
What an amazing network!! We love to see all the people helping people!
just don't give up, if you give up you'll never know your full potential. Trust me, I gave up and it breaks my heart everyday
I've been wondering a lot about the relationship between LA weather, the can/bottle cash refund and homelessness. Need to do some research.
E-HOV you've been under the radar slick ass
I loved their characters.
Mulan never became a princess.Her man wasn't a prince.And Anastasia truly is a princess.The princess of Russia.
except I work 2days RT: "I go to work and do the same thing for 6 days out of each week...getting old. Time to find something new"
you're getting a new car? Good shit
Click 'Like' if you had fun ringing in 2012! What are your resolutions for the new year?
RT : ha! RT : 5 out of 6 people enjoy playing Russian Roulette.
Happy hydration to all running the today!! It's gonna be a scorcher!
4 days till #MadMen premiere!
Time for a mothafuckin shower.
micro loop Hair Extensions - pliers for hair extensions
Every year is the same with the Ravens media and their "This is the year" articles, and their Top 5's and 10's.
your not stupid
Sort of the premise of the blog post I am writing right now... Disturbed by the focus on hot-button issues instead of faith.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
Just bought my tix for for ! Always good to mix biz w/ pleasure.
The fire files above me some what sooth me
any word from fritolay?
meh. The filters are weak.
Mom beat breast cancer more than 20 years ago. Battling bone cancer now. She is a warrior with a great attitude. Happy Mother's Day
happy thanksgiving! enjoy a day of family, friends, food, and boozin'.
The van stinks bad. They will have to trash it after we finish.
supposed to be but I don't think I can make it. I feel you tho I don't dance either. You going sunday right?
its gen. admission so it doesnt matter but you should probably get on that
If anyone would like a FREE avon booklet send me your mailing address through message. I promise we will not send u bulk mail =)
Yes. On a day to day basis it's been the Fielding & Bull Pen which has kept them in games.I know it's NOT the perception but..
I adore your smile...it's contagious *(*.
spending the morning cleaning up the condo - got to ring in 2012 the right way!!
probably thinks i'm the worst for not calling her back. i'm still not used to carrying a purse
Yep I loved your version. That was the 1st song I listened to! Very nice -- I'm still obsessed with your
(or in this case, to Ancestry). That gets their accounts suspended, which works way better than posts or emails.
For such quiet music, Norah Jones' voice has a knack for cutting through whatever you're using to drown it out.
Forget about gas prices, since these cars plug right into the wall! Paul races off to the Silicon Valley Auto Show, Sun (3/6/11) @ 8:30pm
Headed to Boston.
Exactly - this is fun to watch.
what made you think about that ???
Boredom is nature's way of warning you of low entropy in your life. :P
weddings are fun!
Back to work for most of us...so we can continue our life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. If you're not content, look inward.
OMG cupcakes! peanut butter and lemon. These are two different flavors, be calm!
1/2 Everytime I open a can of Texas Pete chili (don't judge me) the aroma takes me back to summers spent in Salisbury, NC with ...
Another difference is that the materials from the sets are separated and indexed as well so you can find a specific game, etc.
I miss my ex, but Im aiming for better....
LMAO! It's just Me, Mom, Ez & Drew, not the WHOLE family RT Your family has a news letter?! Sounds like a CBS sitcom
Gm tweeps $alute! The grind is yours to control.
When your a devil you burn
I can see computers everywhere - except in the productivity statistics! ~ Robert Solow
hell yes. lol every time i hear that song im just gonna think of thos oh-so-sexy cars. Lmaao
Thursday Specials - 3 For 3 Deal: 3 Miller Lite or High Life shorties for $3! And $2 Guinness Taps all night!
OMG am late for my date :$
Be wary of those you meet toting gifts of friendship...
thanks Catherine: glad to have gotten to interact with you these past few weeks. looking forward to continued back & forth.
It was nice meeting you Napa Ron Capps! Hopefully you've caught up on your sleep by now from your early AM CBS 8 appearance.
" I feel like my character would drink tea" lmao that's my favorite commercial
just think hun more money ;)
Peeling an apple and crying.
he's in Vancouver filming the next Percy Jackson all summer
Listening to Google's Catherine Roe right now, in person....very cool info.
I might visit tunisia and u ?but what grade are u in?
The first two events of #Spring2012Rush are happening TONIGHT! Info Session @ 5pm in Alfiero 103 & Speed Interviews @ 6pm in Talbert 107!
Sandwich anyone?
"Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize." -Elizabeth Harrison
FaceTime tomorrow night? when is good for your timezone??
I'm glad you're glad!! :D did you have a good day on my birthday?
Just booked my flight back home to NC! It's been too long...family reunion!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!!
I hate that the rappers that don't have much skill go big and the ones that do have rap skill don't. -.-
OMG, My Whole Twitter . is fulled with #MattHunter . (; let's keep it trending<3
I get to see him tonight I think :)))))
If the reasoning is reducing consumerism (to go with show), would us handing out paper anyway defeat the point?
Those all sound good! Thanks for your answer!
Shit..I need to learn to shut up.
Just 'cuz I rock, don't mean I'm made of stone. - theVoiceofRoy
Interesting - "Failure to Launch" was filmed in New Orleans AND Delaware, places where The Beau or I have lived. Too bad it's terrible.
LOVE your pics...they've got me super excited to take my guys in a few weeks!
Leave a love note. Something specific you love about your spouse. "Your recipe for pancakes" or "the way you look at me".
oh ya know . I got reasons ;)
morning. Have a cup of coffee. That may help. :)
They have and that's my point.
True beauty can be seen beyond the illusions.
Are the two not mutually exclusive?
“ #ItWasOverWhen getting jealous became a habit, trust has been lost, and insecurities became ur way of thinking”
starts at 2pm today
CONGRATULATIONS! Knock'em Dead!
concert in #Bham Bobby Brown is SO funny but will ALWAYS be my Fav! #I<U+2665>MIKEWhoCaresWhoULike!
TY 4 listening RT : Thank U all 4 helping us crowd source ideas abt live chats. We R going 2 make ths ideas reality
Jesse St James looks like he's my age. Not good, #Glee. Not good.
bulls obv... Tough loss
you too!
RT : Have you ever seen an illegal dump in the woods and not known what to do? Become a Citizen Watch volunteer...
what's up #seattle ?
10's! I'll call you later ;) x
bye bye Kelly
I remember you telling me this the day after I got my permit hahaha
Working with Capistar Group, LLC on their new website! Look for it soon.
I like 's Good in Goodbye. What about you?
I'm sorry sweetie. I'm single as of last monday :/ the 14th would've been 8 months.
as always, thanks for the love and support. Al!! Hoping all is well..
Yes, I am the real Dalton Cyr! RT : Are u the real Dalton Cyr :o?
It's medicinal. I got glaucoma. Cause sleep is for the birds.
i already did :) why dont you txt me anymore, yoou hoe! :/
Watching Coming to America..."The royal penis is clean your highness" LOL
i didnt finish my essay :/ but worked on it. so its okay (:
good point. xp support drops in 2013, but extended support goes to 2014 sometime. adoption rate of d8 probably will fall around then
Time machined back 2 1983 sitting in #carstereostore. Didn't know they sill existed.Talking tweeters, boxes and amps!
- 9th job? What? Thanks for the optimism lol
love you my nigga
"I am my own evil twin." - Casanova Quinn
thanks for the shout out, you are quite the busy girl. Hope you are doing great
do we have the same dentist? ;)
Any takers for my 2000th tweet. #accomplishments should be spread to others
If its your turn to pick a lunch spot, come by Wet Stone! We have something to please every palate! Open from 11am-2pm.
no double for me. Only my 10 mile trail run this am.
No lock on my phones,if u searching cool don't burn ya eyes..
RT Good Morning diet & exercise! :
Honey jack tenessee wiskey and coke yikes
Gotcha (in my best Sarah Palin voice)
DA announces charges against 2 officers
Wait, which is worse? MT "suburban kids adopting hip-hop cliches" = different than "bands doing mock covers of rap songs."
Great day of sled riding with family
I think that's part of the problem. Info Lit means various things to various people; Copyright for example...
... im sure it don't help when ppl say stupid shit to add to ur stress
Second to last week in July. Now we just need to find cheap airfare.... I can't wait! We didn't go last summer.
actually I am heading bk from Ed s wedding
Tammy dnt get no points u c the bitch scared let her make it
ah,sorry, hadn't been on for ages--we have 5.0 for now. They want Word-like track changes.
like dyson? It'd take Mitch over him at this stage of the season.
Peeps can someone tell me #WTF is cribbage?
Gotta rest them for the playoffs... Oh wait.
You can forward any #DMV #TFP requests our way.
Tahoe trip finally coming up, Hopefully Squaw Valley gets some snow before I head off.
As a (pedantic!) side note, one can sensibly question whether X is deserved even if there is no alternative to having X.
y is that a good thing ?
RT : Sweetwater Organics has wheatgrass, alfalfa, etc sprout trays for $16 each. to reserve
Beyonce doing the alanis cover on her live album is so sick and perfect.
awesome!!!! we have a music video coming out this thursday too :)
Damn OKC ain't have to get #TheLakeShow back like that! *Ghostface & Ne-Yo voice* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Ejorge always is so unlucky xD
where are you guys located?
That's alright, Talia was already being a good girl and she's sleeping and I was studying so no stress babe
Whats up world??? Who fuk wit the Columbian Princess??? If you fuk wit ur gurl 4 Real S/O and lets start a chain!!!
I think so for sure just because they missed by their own accord. To drunk. Haha
Love Walt Disney!
haven't heard yet... RT : i forgot to ask when i was in the store but are u gettin those Digital camo AF1
wanna go to th movies or something? Cause im bored
What if we compromise and add shooting ranges?
nice boats. Follow boat enthusiasts, mags like tourist mags or coastal living. Fishing buffs, also Croatian culture. Good luck.
Yeah, I'd rather fuck Maggie Gyllenhaal myself. Maybe I'm just friends with people on the fringe.
I swear I need to get shadows of the damned again. is a freaking genius. :)
LOL RT : #Atheism is a cult with a small following.
I need the lakers to lose
These peeps Rock: - diggin’ their content on
hell yeah homie I can't wait. workin on raisin the money to get u and bless on a track g
I thought we were playing tomorrow? Lol
I wanna skate the
I'm sleepy. Waiting for the coffee to kick in. I need to get my rear in gear and start packing. I tend to procrastinate.
Some one ask about my best poker accomplishment it was 1987 Super Bowl of Poker. I Finished 1st twice and 2nd twice in the first ten events.
AWWW POOR BABY TAKE SUMTHN FOR IT
RIP Whitney Houston!!! Grew up to your music all through the 90's!!! You will forever be missed, and never forgotten.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts! Happy Thursday to you!
We can't wait either, should be fun! Enjoy! RT Can't wait for this bulls game tonight
and you as well!
Okay I get it , I made a mistake. . Stop reminding me ! -.-t
RT Slightly upset about shaving his beard.. Better hope it grows back.. #OrElse // Hahaha
That's great! Plus they are 50% off today! Here's to better posture!
How about Perez Hilton MFing the Black Eyed Peas on his blog. And weeping? Awesome.
I think you just got cuter after i saw u today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
OK, moving this #Joyology thing into daily practice...today, how will you bring joy to others? Suggestions welcome.
ok. You let me know when ur ready and we'll get to work.
Good luck to athletic trainer Aaron Leu who is running the Boston Marathon today.
...? If It's what I think it is, I totally blame
There's a reason why the boys pick the #georgiapeaches ! Jammin' to my giirrrl!
Hydrate plenty while training in hot weather. Aquafina is refreshing before during and after, chocolate milk for recovery after!
are you famous lol?
she was booking' it! it was almost as weird as the pitbull in the side car of the motorcycle...
Hi Delena! *Grins* How have you been kiddo?
I need a tiny asian lady to shuffle on my back, my back has been killing me.
By harnessing the power of Pirate Bay, I. Am. God.
It was mostly smoke, but dear lord was there a lot of it. I've never been more glad I have one of those industrial-strength floor fans.
When you find the right dress, you just know :)
Wow! RT “: Boston Marathon allowing runners scheduled to run on Monday to defer to next year because of heat forecast"
"Is it just me or does that spongebob have a penis!?"
yea same...i wonder how many tweets he gets in a minute...probably lots...i have only messaged him like 20 times at random
too funny, thanks, I needed a chuckle
OK. My laptop's battery is dying, and I can't reach the power cord... must go to bed!
Victory for #MSU! Thanks everyone for joining us at the Cap this week!
"And it's the pearl buttons and denim jeans that has him looking just like Springsteen. Barefoot, white tee shirt..." :)
thanks for sharing, Dave & Manz
ha! How Now Brown Cow! Who can name that movie??
On another note, Stompeez Slippers are creepy looking!
Jenfek is playing the blind tiger tonight in greensboro nc doors open at 8
I am no longer a slave to sin!!
PGA course reporter at the Wells Fargo Championship!
Happy abt prediction made at event, we won't have websites in 10 yrs, just social media
maybe library retooling starts with spiritual/personality retooling, so pcreative writers can indeed teach us at a conference?
working on losing the pounds. Thanks for the inspiration. Hope u feel the love! :-) “: How r u guys today?”
so don't blow anything up my donkey only you do!!
aw<3 making my day
Ok everyone. What's the hot Twitter desktop toy that you recommend I use? I've been out of the loop for a year. Tweetdeck? Something else?
I have been waiting 364 days for this night!
If you show me the sea and mirrors, i will think Mendieta, Deren. The Walker shows them, and more. Midnight party.
Tehehehe(: Got My Costume Today.! Its Amazing.!
It seems that all three are having/had a fairly good day, Beck played decent, Tebow played well, Ponder is playing well
": My high school sophomore year is almost over! #omg #timeflies"
music makes life better :3
"Awake" on NBC was the best show premier I've seen in years. If it can keep it up it could be a real hit for NBC.
It was great talking with you guys. I'm going to sleep now. Stay in touch.
yeah I did(: lol #DumbBlonde moment (:
I feel like I'm missing something here
Whats up Danny!
21st-century anyone? RT : For less than the cost of operating the #USPS a printer could be installed in every house. Adam Fish
"will the world end in 2012 like the mayans perdicted?" "NO" "man we have to stay for final exams" lol
Hey guys! Our farewell show is coming up! April 9th Tickets are available early so hit us up for one!
s/o to for unfollowing me .
oh my gosh it's meant for us!
great day in point hope your day was good 2
Thanks for the follow Molly!
RT Feeling so strongly that I must say there is truly nothing as rewarding as helping another find their way to success & happiness!
Come to think of it... Part of me does not like he is sharing all of this info
I say it how it is if u don't like it then dont bother asking a question u know u won't like the answer to!
Of course : ) Hopefully, there'll be a lot of those horror-shivers!
I love your icon!
My creepy neighbor that never comes out if his house, has a a wifi ID called: Sillent_Killer
Hey you how have u been
no matter what, you always make me proud. thank you boo, i love you .x
"You can't map out a plan for a diverse life", Mari Kuraishi, co-founder and President, GlobalGiving.
What's cool is when you're an athlete, actor, and musician. Love how talented I am. LOL
DC: Mayor is now begging the President for his endorsement. He wants the job so badly, he will never get my support. Desperate Moolee!
thanks, will do.
I Kno Jordan Want dat 1st pick so he can grab Anthony Davis!!
Never say "just" when referring to coffee :- ) RT : just a medium #Coffe with a
The adult prom dresses at this prom show are amazing so far
First big "networking" dinner at #sxsw. We have achieved BBQ. Waiting to get into a premiere party. Sleep is irrelevant.
I take it you're either a cheerleader or a gymnast?
No Way! You live in 's pants too:D
"Thursday" is the new "Spa Day" at McMenamins Grand Lodge! Call 503.992.3406 or visit us at McMenamins.com for mor info!
Lawyers are like rhinoceroses: thick skinned, short-sighted, and always ready to charge
m hm got ya
Do others see God's goodness in you/me? How will they know He's good if not?
I'm catching up on listening to training calls :)
Thank you for the #FF dear!
I love hearing Charles Barkley ramble and talk himself in circles.
Fav Super Bowl commercial so far?Not sure but like the tag line for KIA. An epic ride. Cool word epic.
Just proved it again! Thanks for the retweetables.
did u look at da whole pic
It is so windy! Almost got knocked over this morning!
me too
General M&A figures in Canada in 2011 have been strong,with the energy industry seeing the greatest value deals.Read more...
Its a long year alot od positives to take out of this game especially rondo n bass, if pierce plays we win
nope..a brand new 57 for ya to break in. pls don't let anyone put drinks near turntables..just got fixed.thanks.
Sydney & I are having a slumber party.
I don't like it when I come up with something funny and can't share it due to non disclosure agreements. But I'm not just a Twit-median.
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair
HAHAHAH same here
I need to wash my hair
FOLLOW ME !!!! SECOND DAY ON THE TWITTer
good call
cant you just leave me alone?
Reading my first e-book on Kindle. Not sure I'm a convert yet, but the ability to highlight and write notes is pretty great.
Where are you going nug?! RT : Flight delayed 2 hours. Hungry and bored- not a good combo. Anyone at love field?
Seeing all these Nashville marathon runners has inspired me. I ran right to Krispy Kreme this morning.
Starting on 4th and college.
I love this song omg , this my new shit lol..
Strong finances are key to not only a better lifestyle but also reduced stress. I know the feeling! www.sean-spencer.blogspot.com
that would probably not be good for others in my office.
Routines like that are why we keep watching #sytycd and have stoped watching #idol. So much more talent.
it's like screaming and no one can hear.
proposing that Northerly Island be converted into park complete w/sunken shipwreck in Lake for diving
#MUSIC is my galaxy
Mortgage Rates Cheaper at the Table. Unchanged in Principal
we're re-shooting it later this month and hopefully releasing it next month :)
get with it ole lady....I have Dragon Voice activated software....
On my way to clearwater beach (: woo(:
No, my socks a dual-layer for that. Didn't work today... RT : are you double socking? Prevents blisters.
I go to my hometown news station website and I see this headline "kids getting drunk off hand sanitizer" wtf is wrong with people these days
damn right he does!
“Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.” ~ James M. Barrie
Arthritis run, Irish Fest, "fall cleaning," playing outside.. I love summer weekends in Milwaukee!
Bend; don't breakdance.
To get what is best for you, sometimes you have to give up what is most important to you...i am so sorry :/
I see you liked my pics
Just saw a screening of #happythankyoumoreplease. Wonderful wonderful film! Go see it!
lol r/s
My dad keeps saying alarming things while looking at the radar. I'm going to throw up.
that's so good
Let's go Sycamores. Great win for
": Hope I'm still up cuz I'm tired from wrk :\" How, you dnt do nothing lol ?
whaddup big dog. u in the D? trying to get up with you - dm.
Totally agree!!
: is discursar a word? And does it mean to discuss/version of it?
I took a few tech-school level programming classes and I never understood why more people didn't bring laptops.
In the first 36 hours that I was home for Thanksgiving, I was sleep for 30 of them. Rock on.
DM Me the Password.
Scouts always want players. Ozzie likes flexibility.
#howtokeepawoman a good deadbolt on your doors?
it's impolite not to look. Would you go to the louvre and not look at the Mona Lisa. They're there to be appreciated.
are you the primary lyricist or do you and split them up?
Knowledge/motivation/stronger relationships
hellls yeah round 2 of coffee/croissants!
Perfect end to the O's game today with Wieters nailing a stealing Nat.
i wonder if you can tell the psychos you come across on twitter? more television for derren in the us!!!!!!!
okay okay that sounds like a very fair deal!
I'm there!
But as far as cops go, not out of character one bit. RT : Those cops brutally murdered
oh and no rental skates available sorry.
WHEN I LOOK IN MY CLOSET ALL I SEE IS ADIDAS
What u got I need a lot so I can't let u go
Dick, you are so on point. But Newt is still dynamic.
. truly is Amazing! RT That's so sweet, Heather.
A girl at the El Rey just told me she doesn't like black people and she's ignorant. Welp, nice to meet you too!!
Women Who Changed the World in the First Decade of 2000!
I'm such a winner
And we didn't even make it into the first room. Thank goodness for the scared silly pass! Hope the boys are doing OK!
Does anyone ever go to when they mean ? I do it every time.
#OETC12 Play a 3rd person shooter ...in your body! Immune Attack is in the MASH Lab. You should be in the MASH Lab!
I wonder if 57 contacts are worth turning in?
hope everyone is having a good weekend! im heading out to go party. see you on the other side.
Dear MTV, WTF happened? Sincerely, Music.
If you eat them while studying, I've heard you better do so during the test.LOL What a good hubby!
oh my bad i tweeted the wrong person!
Who will be the first follower of the newly created fan club twitter account... me!
"Dive in some lava" hahahaha :) real shit!
The most #beautifulthings #occur when we're outside of our #comfortzones. - Jennifer Jordan
Not gunna lie, definitely just made my day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Updating my resume. Not fun, but it is always interesting to see what new things I have learned since last time!
The time has come. Tomorrow I need to find playoff tickets. Good work #indianapacers. Proud to be a fan.
Agreed. Players change teams all the time. Not news, especially from a year ago.
“: Give Him your mess and let it become your message.”
got it! and got unstuck, will catch up to Week 2 soonish
Gonna stuff my face with all the food mom is making!
Im of the opinion that anything that has to do with Jmoss should be avoided altogether. Life's too short to be mad at everything.
you're right. Watching practice is dumb
I need 2 finish icing my leg...damn near tore somethin da other day
So cum then lol RT : Ugh my woody wount go down and I'm too lazy to go pee!!!!!!! >.<
It's gonna be a hoot watching them fall before their home crowd...
My 15 year old jock brother said said the boyz have swag and he likes T$'s chain.(:
I did see that. He's genious.
I honestly don't even understand how I have any tears left.
I hear ya
i'm following you on my personal one because i have my following limit on my fan blog
Great game. Great win! Lucky you. RT My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th. Tweeting from AT&T Park.
I don't understand it. Personally, I don't even wanna imagine the sista they'd create for that show.
BAD JOKE FROM OBAMA!! Hotness rating just rose, like, 57475462840574 points.
why did u ever leave I miss seeing you in da ring. One sexy WWE diva
i love life,.. thank you, thank you.
Seriously need to delete my Twitter before I apply for a job.. Nobody will hire me if they see it.
Yes I Am LOL
Study of Existence - "An ontology is a system of categories for classifying and talking about the things that are assumed to exist." (Sowa)
is looking for a Cataloger to work in Alexandria, VA. Experience with Quadra Star database is preferred.
Ricky Rubio is a super star...At Age 17: Olympics, right?
#1) Honey Bunches of Oats are great. #2) Falling asleep to the mugglenet podcast about the Deathly Hallows trailer. Awesomeness =)
If u r constantly feeling depleted—check ur circle. U can't be the only 1 pouring out—u will be empty. Surround urself w/ppl who can fill u.
what's up?
Closer Look Book Club: On The Road by Jack Kerouac. Thursday night @ 6 p.m.
ShoutOut 2 she pretty go follow for me (:
I agree that there should be a balance between face time and screen time--both offer what the other does not
LOOK AT HIM. I WANT TO RAPE MY TV
Our Drawn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
door hinge is the only thing i've come up with in my 22yrs.
so ready for the week end time to get fucked up
Have not heard from you in a while...any updates? Getting bored
Occupy Congress Jan 17. Whaddya think? We could go when it's dark & wear sunglasses. I'll leave the pack if cigs to you ;)
I see that you are going to the Baltimore Blast game tomorrow, where are you sitting?
"Boarding Group 1"...and 3 ppl from Group 6 jump in line.
I'm from Chicago
Google Apps will be at 350Million Students in 2015.
We provide the Padvertisement system free of charge to hotels and the venue shares in the ad revenue. We provide the advertisers too.
follow back?
you plan on coming to the TEDx planning session?
The Sentinel screenplay is looking more solid everyday. Waiting for the last character pose before going to Phil Tibbet.
I gues i should go to.sleep ;p
Got the munchies? We can fix that. 414.562.4444
pineapples are the best
sad i cant go to winter formal :( why does there have to be a stupid gymnastics practice every time something awesome comes up sheeeeeeshhh
I think Jenny and Greg will always be my favorite storyline!
pr work?
It's a weekend of international customers and Hermits of Afton jacket sales!
Thank you for the demos and advice
- Boost! Then gnaw the crunchy stuff off the stick!!
Happy new years to our friends on the East Coast and Central time.
I think it's interesting that Diane is really the main character. She's the one making all the decisions, w all the conflict.
is there some way to do a campaign about impact of NEH on humanities?
Only in Cville- Two people walking through the bank drive through...
RT : She is a thug in a cocktail dress
I have so much family, its always someone visiting, today I had 21 people visit. They didn't come at once, lol they came at different times.
HAY MIKEY<33. you should come to dc (;
high fives for low lives
What do gov info professionals think about the proposed name ASKPro? Will it help broaden appeal to other gov techies?
" They looked iite for prom "
being staunch anything is self-defeating. Leaves no room for growth or evolved thinking.
yeah... the movie mirror mirror is not good... not even with low expectations...
I would have liked to see LeBron play as if Wade wasn't on the court last night. We've seen him handle teams solo before.
Wristband still on
Great show for a great cause in Omaha!
Here we go!
Thanks for the inclusion, Tommy!
Those who don't prepare for the violence of life leave themselves vulnerable and unaware.
"To me Wayne State is a haven of true Detroit soul." - #Arts Achievement Awards get it girl!
Sleepy as shit.
Thanks for following. If you want, I'd be happy to send you one of (for your show). It's my invention.
I don't want to hear your voice...so stop talking.
glad it's useful, and we'd happily accept your kisses. cc //
Set Build, then Sharks Cove & Keikis <3 Gotta love 3 day weekends.
I am because school :(
His dad told him to wake me from my nap. That's how Son's tongue ended up on my eyebrow.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 1.) being put on HOLD! -_- i have a new rule, if u leave me on hold for over 2 mins I'M HANGING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Want to fix something quick fo before Thanksgiving? Call us 305-232-3344
i wanna see her dunk agan
methinks we are taking this "touch" analogy too far. it just sounds dirty now! what was the last great novel you read?
No more KISS FM? major WTF!!!!!!!
Happy BD 2 ! Enjoyed watching film yesterday! Happy Happy! :)
Also, he liked two of my questions,
#flyers better step their game up
***HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGSSS***Things will get better, they have to...you're too good for them not to!!!
I honestly look at ppls tweets b4 I decide to #followback to see if I want their fuckery on my TL *shrugs*
That my good sir, is epic.
I totally have that on my person at the moment..
Frank is the epitome of the perfect man; is this you in real life?
Just found out I've been cast in Adrien Brody's directorial debut "Mudjumper." Small part, but super jacked! :-)
My real name is Adam
go on 2mm
sent money for the lose my mind track standard lease...can you email it to me at
Come have a stiff one! Its Thirsty Thursdays!!
hey! I have a question about the street team Since your no longer with CDR. Please dm me?:)
you ain't a G then * crip walks all on your shoes*
How I wish you were beside me now hugging me . Its hard for me to forget the moment we spnd tgher dearest :/
we will have that up as soon as the network is up ;)
Follow he's ana amazing singer FOLLOW HIM!!!!
first time I met me and my bf were creeping on him at warped and he saw us so he shot us with a squirt gun
Twitter tip: use/follow hash tags to insert yourself into a conversation and share info.
Micro wind and solar are being deployed: new battery tech is lightening loads
we now have a facebook with a username and everything. facebook.com/combustionbooks
Lose an ear, no contest.
Brandon weedon is like 70 years old
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Orlando! We return favors!! :)
Just bought my 3/24 ticket for Spoon w/Deerhunter at the National in Richmond, VA! Britt and co. will be at 930 3/22 and 23. oh no sold out!
I'm just all around bitter lol. Packers got outted, Bucks still suck and the Brewers got hit by injury and looking sad.
RT : Thanks to for adamant stance opposing #SOPA. Too far reaching in its language and negligent in its aims
Savor it! I always experience postpartum when books are finally published (loss of purpose/project yadda yadda)
How have you honored Dr. King's legacy of fighting for tolerance and justice today?
Trying out this month. I signed up for the "unlimited" account. Fingers crossed, this'll give me more time 2 B an exec director.
U.S 101 is now open north of Garibaldi in Tillamook County (Milepost 54) following a single vehicle crash.
more give aways this evening... around 7 pm!!!
there's 19 days of school left, why the hell are you giving me so many projects and crap? -_-
they loved them!
#youcantdateme if you can't take a joke & take everything seriously
The rumor is true!
dnt say that.nwe just have to tweet about our ovaries and he will rt us. He is horny. Lol
Being a #NotreDameFootball fan is like being married to a very bright, beautiful, woman who cheats on u every other Saturday...
I have been thrown out of co-rec hockey games, but haven't brandished a blade yet.
I can't get away from either of them.
These aren't your Christian Laettner Duke Blue Devils
Good morning, all. Hope your Monday's off to the start you wanted.
Also new to Chocolee are ½ lb. dark chocolate candy bars loaded with dried apricots and almonds. At $10 each, they are flying out the door.
When buying a #puppy it’s good to remember that #puppies grow into #dogs; you have a commitment to your #dog for his whole life
Got my report card today and guess what? I have an A+ in Greysonology!!!
DLC codes for Mt. Eddie & the classic character pack? I have SSX for 360 & PS3. Been a fan since Tricky.
1 way, south beach
Planning and forth thought are my friend. Going into a situation with full confidence based on 8 weeks of preparedness. Rawk.
I wish I knew what this movie is about.
RT : Hawaii!?(Man I'm hating a lil gotta get back to Oahu!)Hey there
Harry Redknapp talks about motivating players who earn unthinkable sums, creating a global premier league, and how he would find it hard to
Good morning #Vegas!! What steps have you taken today that will benefit your health?
We met, we talked, we liked, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, you cheated, we're done, you're deleted.
Thank you Shannon for the Shout-out back on Aug 4th. You rock!
yay, that was great, well done!
You continue to me. just change that my son asked me if i may just thought it out, already.
Can't wake up today? Come to one GRIND and try a Red Eye (coffee & 1 shot of espresso) OR a Black eye (coffee & 2 shot of espresso) =D
Oh trust me, you really don't, I live in florida....ITS A LIVING HELL IN FLORIDA!!!!!
roku player sounds great. looking forward to it.
I didn't mean to send that as a reply, Twitter still gets me sometimes. :/
well done I am stealing this for the day lol
if you like the taste of butter Scotch candy, I suggest butter shnopz (sp?)
Bout 80% of the avi's on my tl r either a shorties ass or titties or a collage of both
I have just been told, in no uncertain terms, that it is not narrative dynamite to put a Navajo rug on your character's wall in every story.
"1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open cabinets. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat."
Hi Jessica - just found you here. Just RT'd your post about telecommuting - enjoyed it.
Oh yeah RT : When you are bad, it is very good for everyone involved.
Happy New Years to all the Redheads, Brunettes and Blondes & Happy New Years to everyone else. Much love to all the world! God $ave the rest
Please go to Queensbridge Kenny.
Hello Friday. Nice to see you again!
: It's great to finally see #LinkedData reflecting intrinsic data access and data representation separation of
I like to move it move it
WANT MORE MAD MEN NOW!!!!! o__O
Homeschool Day tomorrow! Kids can come learn about toys before electricity. Cross your fingers for good weather--we want to play Graces!
Time to re-up on some vit c !
Challenges indigenous materials pose to historians & archives digitizing documents on 17th century New England Indian wars.
"Ugly American" should be used as in the novel by the same name — describing the American who goes outside of the compound.
he does sound very fascinating. I'd love to see how far he goes in later years.
Nice shot! Thanks for visiting The Lube. Come back again soon!
Can't believe my baby is 18<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
My dad says I look like a 12-year-old boy w. my new haircut ... which has dark implications if I find out a girl is interested in me.
omfg you said right there yeah buddie!! nick your gonna make me cry before the show even starts! please check dm's! <3
Place My wants AND needs over your resistance ,
always a good follow.
We're pushing 's LeapFest at our current show #MotherBear bc was workshopped there last yr.
Good point. I love the ability to start and stop the recording after each slide and edit audio per slide
reports that #SimonSpurr has left his namesake label. No word on why. If you need us, we'll be on a ledge somewhere.
Yeah, but you gotta like that Ingram's still there, too, right?
Welcome to DC!! When will we meet!! We have tons to discuss everything BUT politics! Plus I wanna hear your accent:)
Thanks for the follow, Brendan. Great to be connected with you!
Madden tournament starts at 7pm.
love music.
When girls say "why can't every guy be like you?" to the biggest fake asses and you know you're 100x better
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dickensmb
Ask Style: How To Stick to My New Year 's Resolutions? I always stray from my NYE resolutions by week two. Do you have any tips for makin
-my iphone 3gs is dying. Not sure I can wait for iphone 4/5 release. can I take $30 unlimited plan to a non-Apple phone?
I'm noticing a lot of new followers, thanks to all of you. You should sign up for our mailing list at www.fourstep.com too :)
iluv that song icant get it iut if my mind me n my friends sing it all the time
It's #TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday so it's time to find the best people, places, & events that embody the #SanDiego spirit that we all love!
Adelle comes on radio.. & this girl dont know how she looks 0__o lives under a rock much
I Just noticed myself... not sure what I think yet.... Only thing missing is that right-side advertising and then it's a perfect FB steal.
Big congrats to Spies Like Us for being accepted into the Arkaik Clothing band endorsement program. They're stoked to be part of the fam!
ah that's awesome...small world! glad you're enjoying my stuff, I appreciate the hometown support!
Hey Nikol - I am not sure about that, but let me double check and get back to you! :)
to (me) Wow! Are you going pro? -- Sadly no, that was my first 200+ all year.
If you have any questions on any of the terms, don<U+0092>t be shy to ask inshallah!!
RT“: The #Broncos brass is flying over Kansas City. Wave #Chiefs! #Manning ”
Kids in the hallway that walk like they have no where to be<<<
Plough deep while sluggards sleep, and you shall have corn to sell and to keep. ~Benjamin Franklin
Why are you so on point today?
Kim Thayil's worst riff is better than KISS.
Great day at the skate park
"if the world were a happier place it would be their oyster"
Israel, under whose wings you have sought refuge!” 13She answered, “You are most kind, my lord, to comfort me and to speak #Torah 40/99
Thank you, Irma, for the love! ...oh...and the smile! Hope you have a marvelous day!
Best spam email I got today: "Having super-stiff bone-on is easy."
Working on cars at the Crowne Plaza Indianapolis Airport...preparing for our FORD/A Student Auto Skills contest tomorrow morning.
I'm talking about before that? When he let the ball go straight through his hands which caused Durant to get the gw shot??
did you email Bill? I'm SO sorry!
R.I.P. #Whitney Houston. I loved your music. God really blessed your voice. Your with the Father now. <U+2665>
#scms12 Doane: the rhetoric of immersion seems to return the body but we should take care w/ this assumption
What are you having for dinner tonight? Let us know!!
Been a weirdo ever since the doctor said push
Best headline ever: EGYPT ERUPTS IN JUBILATION
How can you scumbags live with yourselves, by giving Casey Anthony $200,000, a woman that MURDERED her own innocent child? Horrible!!!
yes, just makes sense "HR should deliver value in three areas, talent, organizational culture and leadership."
Ack! I hate you so much right now!
#Homeland the reason for all these late late nights ... & creepy nightmares' #Can'tStopWatching
Kassian to Vancouver? Very interesting. Hodgson could be an excellent fit. Sabres need centers badly.
That awkward moment your trying to get over someone you never dated.
Thank you! I definitely will ;)
going to see u at the Resch Center tonight with some dear friends. The last time I saw them play was Feb 1976. I was ten years old!
Are you a professional marketer? Connect with tens of thousands of other marketing professionals on LinkedIn, Facebook and InboundMarketing
On Tuesday evening I will be lecturing at the COSMOS CLUB in Washington DC on my book about Saint Petersburg Russia
We use Movie Maker for stop-motion classes w kids. Also staff team building event. Great! and for more.
Being in #ROC I should know these things but shamefully I do not.
tomorrow the people who got picked go to a location that they emailed to us ! everyone got a different place, kinda odd
Can't trust anything today.
#CBJ Red Cross Blood Drive at Nationwide Arena today till 5:30pm. 2 tix to a Jackets game and Chipotle coupon. Chance to win other prizes!
Ideal combo of size, speed, arm length. Love his physicality. Very strong tackler. Receivers separate too easily though.
Thanks a million for e-mailing your country radio station and requesting me, Amy Ames at www.AirPlayDirect.com/AmyAmes. My album is
Favorite weekend crock pot recipes? Go!....
#FlyMeToLondon ??? Yes, please!!
hi steve!
If Not Like This were an Animal, what kind of Animal would it be... and why?
we watched an anti- bullying video in school today, and i thought of you! Your such a good person !
Well if he cheats he cheats! Ppl just need to stop talking about it!!!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I've already imagined you naked and it was great. I hope reality doesn't let me down.
Come and savor the flavors of our tasty Sangria tonight! $5 glasses...step into Latin America one glass at a time or two!
"the young agent" gets healthy starting today. i will be holding memorial services for my love of all things fried later today :'(
In other news, there's a ton of randomly useless information under #TheMoreYouKnow hastag. I <3 Twitter.
I've accepted my destiny. Forever alone with 30 cats. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Great - thank you!
Let me know
I never taught my kids to believe in Santa Claus! Santa = Mom & Dad! my kids don't believe the hype!
The road goes on forever and the party never ends.
Lol RT : man you are totally dominating that hashtag you made up.
no thanks.
You're very welcome. Appreciate having you as a reader--and I'm sure Tananarive does, too. :-)
i have no dude..
Thanks for coming out to Chicago for the presentation!
remember when eckesited
me too!!! And I never will!!!!
I hate how parents make promises that they always break......
HAVE SEX ALL SUMMER BABAAAAAAAAAYYYY
Ok headed to a Birthday Dinner
Good... I hope you're doing well! And rose!
Same question is on my mind. My daughter is about to turn 14. Looks older. I think that's now ok.
Do you REALIZE how many events are in May? Geeeeeesssssh!
RIP Donna Summer
almost all of my clocks update automatically. Except for the microwave...stupid microwave.
I just figured out how 2 update this page from my phone. Awesome. I will b more faithful...
sorry man :-)
Ok team Clay you guys are worrying me. Pull out that win
#GoRabbits! RT : so cool that Rolling Stone magazine had 4th and Forever on its watch list for Long Beach Poly :D
The dogs they are a barking!
I think And should win #DrageRace because they are all unique and bring something new to drag!
this always happens. Don't fall for someone if you dont know whether they will catch you or not.... its not fair. im always the friend.
When I get very tired or discouraged I tend to doubt things. Today I'm doubting my whole life. It's not a nice feeling.
I've come to the realization that I care more/root more for LC sports than I do Monroe...
can I get a followback please?
it may sound like sum bs but its true
I can't tell if you're mocking me but I really do!
-Zooey, I don't know you but I'm pretty sure you Awesome!!
e mail me at . thanks.
Thank you so much that really means a lot to me!
it's like 28 in the a.m. but 40 something in the afternoon. Still too cold for me!
Biased indeed... We must say we've been pretty happy with Campaign Monitor. You can't stop doing research though.
Wow the people on MW3 these dudes have issues! haha #getalife!
Ahh! I love driving! It's so fun! Haha! How did you do?! :]
"if you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don't recommend Christianity." - C.S. Lewis (via Jackie Francois)
it's quite nice here from July-September. Hope you can make it!
MSNBC: "Breaking Newt"
Today was SO cool! I learned an incredible amount of stuff!
...damn my body hurt !
Mike Smith better get suspended for that cheap shot. Coyotes may get swept either way...
feels really good . Definitely worked our butts off
Looking forward in-person networking today w/LinkedIn connections.IMPORTANT-get out from behind computer & conduct "real time" conversations
Ha seriously, that was random. We are afterpartying now.. good times
Never laughed so hard ! This app is to funny
Thx for the shout! And we plan to LevelUp the world! which likely includes retail stores :)
As a dog returns to his own vomit, So a fool repeats his folly. Proverbs 26:11
I suppose it means more people going to the new site, but it's still peculiar that it'd go down with no word on why.
you say that now..but im pretty sure you'll still do it lol
No, I've been trying to keep it either brand new or obscure, but ZMD is a solid book. You just decided my next segment!
No mention on GR site of you being there today. Are you? I'd like to come & say hey.
U aint suppose to be here
by the way i saw a picture of u , u look like Jasmine V
jealous I'm still cleaning bottles off
OH: its not just boring old daddy day. It's star wars day. Lmao
Just retweeted this action alert - thank you.
good morning -happy Monday. Be safe & have a gr8day
Police union spokesman: 1 suspect shot and killed by police, 2 shot when officers respond to a burglary in progress in Little Village.
I'm a baby: Entertain me Show me stuff Let me touch/eat everything Feed me stuff that I like I'm sleepy so I'm crying. Do something.
Being a husband and father is better than being just a baby daddy.
The Halo Reach Legendary Giveaway is CLOSED & we have a WINNER! Congratulations, Jimmy Embrey!
you got that from tumblr D: I just saw that xD
Just ran into at #SDMNOHeartYourself! We definitely need to meet up for coffee soon!
probably shouldn't have a money sign after our name in lieu of recent events hah
Clams and beer are good, but my family is driving me batty.
Wondering how the Battles went last night...who took it? #ColoradoHipHop Big up to the dude Iron from DC and the homie Knowon D.W.E #Get_Um!
all that aside, how is everyone doing?
Overseas, in Iraq...got nothing better to do.
'We're in the middle of the greatest assault on abortion since Roe v. Wade. That's not hyperbole'
I could get lots of witnesses for myself RT : love MD Sen Currie's defense 'I AM AN IDIOT". Many "character" witnesses attesting
Greg wants "collaborative, autonomous learners." We can't expect learners to know strategies for learning this way: we have to teach them.
It's just a baby... Go for 2^17 (like mine)... And I live in Massachusetts!
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. — Jesse Jackson
I swear the time goes by faster when ur on lunch break -_______-.
I like rainy weather but I like how in summer you can sleep in...so.
Two more weeks and its back to school...
I could use some company.
ugh theres not even a word to describe how annoyed i am rite now ...
good morning. get it done this week, your friday will thank you.
Why does or school always smell so bad? Oh wait I know... It's cuz we go to PHS
Someone come drink with me...please and thanks!
Berryfans! Fenway will only have Cranberry for the rest of today! Come get your Froyo fill!
going back to sleep
Good point. RT : How does it affect your hotness that you're getting White Castle on a weekday before 10:30am?
I here High Life is worth a taste.
My wishes are coming but slowly the best thing happened yesterday just got a new job :) wow
Oh it is a great sign indeed...although I wonder how many students ACTUALLY do it?
I love God with all my hearth i love feeling his prencence
Atreus in on now! Next up: Road of Refugees followed by Stealing Aphrodite and then Calevodium!
is running for state assembly, something you may be interested in.
its good stuff! hope all is well is beautiful paris! :-)
Not content with daylight robbery the print cartridge manufacturers have resorted to stealth to further plunder our meagre resources
you do the same!
will be bringing specially chosen jambalaya friendly wines.
I thought I was being all nautical; but we seem to have a NW wind.
den holla bk so i can get dat boredsome out of u
I didn't know about it. You guys will have to keep me in the loop on these things.
did you get my tweet
Catching up on about 10 weeks of The Economist. Thankful for spring break this week.
Failed my biology exam Was asked 2 name 2 things commonly found in cells. apparently latinos n blacks isn't the right answer
11-15-83 Rocky Johnson and Tony Atlas become the first black WWF tag team champs by beating the Samoans.
Brett Favre's last throw in '08 playoff game was INT... Same as Rodgers this year.
The best way to begin the week is an early start and a hot cup of #coffee - stop by our website this AM and take a look at our products!
Oh okay! And hahaha thank you I am huh :)
Newt says he'll beat BO in debates. But whining about the media doesn't work in the gen and this has always been his trump card
Welcome, Grace!
Awesome! Thanks for the invite, !
Trina will def need more people to make me take this seriously.high fashion you are not , my beloved...
shoot us an email at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll help you out!
that's wassup
Do you have to watch troll hunter 1 before you watch troll hunter 2
How did the Elmo cake turn out?
lol. Very graceful!
I will never get to sleep tonight -_-.
Fun Fact: Ellen Lee DeGeneres's name has only one vowel: E, and it comprises 47% of her name. Wow! H/T
Cats will be the hardest zombies to kill, with their -9 lives and all.
Hey brown eyed girl How are you? and Auzzmeister doing?
These basketball games tonight gone be cracking i caint wait!!!
a little bit of this and a little bit of that... badaBing-badaBoom.
Time for a blue drank we
Volunteering at a Nashville homeless shelter w/the three kiddos, then back home to begin the garden prep.
The Thunder will play the winner of the Nuggets/Lakers Monday at 8:30pm. Gear up Thunder fans.
sunday sunday
Gotta text that said you straight we aint gotta talk or text lol lol tragic but i guess he with her but i aint mad he cant start a FAMIL ...
: Let’s create JOBS & revenue via online #poker licensing! Please back adding this to the transportation bill. Thanks!
If you saw the show this weekend, what was your favorite part?
Bieber fever Gary style.
Awww that's not very fun! :(
Thanks for the Super Stretch app review. Plan to pass it along to my colleage who does a lot of yoga in fluency tx!
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. ~ Frank A. Clark
Ah George Foreman grill, what would a bachelor like myself do without you!? Bacon cheeseburgers are in my near future, who wants one?
Thanks Cameron! We appreciate it!
James Watson: Our parents didn't know that their actions could harm future generations. We will only be able to pretend we didn't know
Pagemodo is also a good place for facebook tabs
yah, I posted a new track in the STYLSS Community group on FB you can use if you'd like.
that sounds like a blast! Happy hacking!
I think it is easier to un-see something than to un-smell it.
Steve Stricker's streak of 49 straight cuts made and John Axford's streak of 49 straight saves converted come to an end on the same day!
If only there were such things as "Perfect Relationships"
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are. Example
the #revenge promo gave me chills
we are a band who's goal is to create music that can be used for personal, sexual, selfish, experimental, or whatever reasons you see fit.
thank you so much for the tweet! It means a lot. Keep doing your thing okay? & never give up!! xo
oh my gosh, good luck!
Its a gr8 weekend to be a mover and shaker! go get em in Cali..celeb8-toss it up!! -let the camera's roll..Nuthinbutluv2uall!
The Whole Nine Yards = everything, all of it
and when it is all said and done, you will eat that last slice of avocado.
It<U+0092>s great to see old friends, such as Olivier and his wife Oria
What a champ. Is this going to be recorded?
So bored today like..
it's the mutual admiration society. middlemen "dealmakers" and "connectors" would cease to exist without it.
lol silly rabbit you can't win
and a good morning to you
Good morning all! Slow moving morning so far. Need to get my workout done and laundry started.
there is one a block from my house. I should try this.
You're invited to the tip-off party on Sunday before the game! The party begins at five o' clock and goes until tip off! GO #GRIZZ!
Go Cats! Beat Florida!!
Twitter sucks when you,re actually doing stuff and u can't find yourh "friends". #blackcat forget u eric!
Hubby declined ticket to today's Brewer game & is trying to score points for it. Of course he went to 2 Brewer games already this week.
Yummy spinach wrap for lunch! Take a quick peek at www.clipitz.com during your lunch break, and check out our super cute feather earrings!!
Packing a suitcase and getting ready to go home! YAY
#photography www.pbase.com/issyr issyr photography- Denver, CO
The lights are just happy you are going to buy guacamole.
Let me unfollow her ass then!
I figured that out haha. And K I dis
Yes I am. What times are you free?
RT : Were 20 signatures away from 7,000 people standing up for an Autism friendly talk show day. The Ellen DeGeneres......
I have found that watching my appointment book fill up is actually extremely exciting
cant be dealin with nonsense, got way to much goin for me. gotta be positive.
i hope the pic of me getting cake.smashed in the face will be staying off my twitta fed :)
Also, 400 invite codes sent so far this week. #truckin'
Not a single #megamillions winner in California; CNN says 29 tickets in state matched 5 of 6. Odds were 1 in 176 mil.
when is your west coast arrival date? I need to let Nate N Al's know to get our booth ready.
At long last, we join the rest of the developed world, health care passes 219-212! Sen. Edward Kennedy is smiling today.
I might be flying from MISSOURI, for my vacation this summer. OMGG.
Why is the market so bad? I can't sell my beautiful condominium for the life of me. Anyone interested in buying a luxury condo? haha
i feel u. I'm probably one of the worst offenders!
is planning an It Gets Better photo shoot!
that was me a few hours ago. Except it was CNN. My life is full of excitement.
Thanks, Dan!
TB OF Evan Longoria has a hamstring issue which could keep him out for 6-8 weeks.
Hi! I'm a fan of (so I have no official adv. notice of tour dates) but I hope he'll play Pittsburgh soon :)
Letting go doesn<U+FFFD>t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren<U+FFFD>t meant to be
Did you check because i did jsut a few minutes ago!?
So mad about the "new rules" for #USASF .
Christ has risen, the Chile Relleno lent binge is over.
I had a plan. Im reaching all types of bumps in my road to success. Just as long as get to where I want to be
Too many rappers!! Not enough lyricst...you choose
Fourth quarter, lets make some noise. FRESh FRESh FRS
My dad doesn't understand that school comes before me going out to buy him food. #areyouserious. -____-
Hey Cindy! Have you tried before--would love your expert feedback!
Girl-band gig at Paragon - Bangkok Post
srsly envying all the book love you are getting right now. Thanks for the title tweets.
Yayayayaya!!!! Another fabulous win for #GoSuns!
I hat when people tweet what they're doing every second of the day... Like, I don't need to know how long ur poop was...
Good to know they're carpooling. RT : Indy delegation returning from St Louis with ideas for transit in Indiana.
Need to compare your company's privacy policy with cloud vendor's T & C 's to avoid FTC ( and other! ) issues.
I bow to this statement. :-)
I b always ready to knock a bytch out
I should mention he's 6....not like 15 or something lol
Get out your cowboy hats, dancing shoes--Nashville recording artist Shane Bryant will be playing 2nite starting at 9pm $5 Limited martini's!
Can I get a RT from my favorite athlete!? Ill be the happiest person in the world!
What a beautiful day today in Nashville! I love it! Sun shinning, feels like spring :)
Ooh! Thanks for sharing? I'll post mine in a sec, and I'd love to see other people's newsletters.
I'm at agility today. What happened, what happened? Was today the finale?
we close at 9pm. sorry no #graveyard option :( rt : how late do u deliver tonight? I have to work midnight-8am!
“ I just came up wit it lol
yeah well my twitter is oops OP (over powering)
#pharmaforum 61% of adults look online for health information.
Online <U+E32B> missed you guys so much
#stuffmykidsays "Would you rather lose a race to a hawk or a squirrel?"
RT : I'm not understanding these backstage skits.
Guess we know who the real 'Wolverine' is...Adamantium plated bones and all.
I'm thinking Cleveland too, although I always hope for a repeat of the #maliceatthepalace when we play Indy.
Speaking of which, looking forward to returning to one of our favorite little historic cities tomorrow night at a new location!
So even though Driver played more on 1st down then 3rd, he played more than you would expect on 3rd, and less on 1st
I live in the Central time (CST), but my brain's clock is keyed to New Zealand time (NZST). 4PM... time to start work!
LUV the Whole Enchilada #Restaurant #California Coast
December 21st 2012! The anniversary of the death of the last Mayan calender maker!
come watch the lake show tonight at hooters... I'll be there:)
its all I got with #UK so I had to. This #dumbass phone won't let me change my pics cuz it says they all too big
Was art director at Sony Playstation in San Diego before acting. Used to play, not so much now. Love the profile pic. :) x
ann he's back on the booze train. I don't know how you do it.
I was watching american idol and someone sang "Love the way you Lie" and I was thinking of you the whole time!!! :) love u
We planned but it didn't work, unexpected night!
Mick Jagger is Hot & always wilb!!
that makes me happy to hear - I twas nervous because I made so many changes
No matter the results, thanks for the better percentages, Dusty.
I got the #Doom Rap
What do you call a puerto rican with no arms? Trustworthy.
Thanks! We love what you do, too! Hope you can make it this Friday for some at
OMG watch KCA it is so fun victorious won yays just wat i always wanted!
Did you know that Rotary is the world's largest service organization?
good you'll need it to keep up.. Im trying to get this job thats m-f if I get it I can come up any weekend
You truly blessed us last night in Oakland! One of THE best performances I've attended PERIOD. Much respect and luv!!
I Thinks It's The Other Way Around Tho . . .
Thank you! Glad you still have your blog so I can get my fill!
Feel those blessings deep down in your belly today. You create your world. Make it a gratitude filled one from this day forward.
I do NOT want anything to do with him anymore..
Sup brothe how?
So grateful for the times and breaths when I realize that I'm okay and that life is still beautiful
so cute shud I change mine to that or a different one?
We all do! RT I have a crush on the singer of
Research and Markets: Wesfarmers Limited: Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
Can use placeholder text in forms in HTML5. Cool.
when you just need a wax
I'm following everybody who follows ! Hurry! Only 4 days left! Go follow! Pretty please! <3 :))
just gotta say (don't shoot) visited another women's biz empowerment website - last blog was in 2010, "events" list is 3 months out of date
Kind of useless information but you never know...Brussels sprouts...note: it's not "Brussel sprouts".
I mean for lol didn't put the R and it autocorrected it to to lol
it starts at 7:30 and ugh i hate it when u ask that question!!! And its fine
a treat, yes -- are you sure you wouldn't prefer some tasty biscuits, though?
“: Yes! or geek-sourcing Don't think crowdsourcing, think nerd-sourcing - small # enthusiasts #webwise” OR OCD-sourcing!
Seriously? Women are so vain to buy this #meaningfulbeauty bullshit? Hey guys send me $100;I'll teach you to stick your dick in a Mellon...
#Social #Media is time #consuming but not for Your Thoughts, LLC! Allow us to #manage your account for you! We protect and grow your brand!
Congratulations 2012 grads! May the odds be ever in your favor.
Sell more beer!
: provides tools, services and hope for children and adults with disabilities to live independent lives!
Belated THANK YOU'S for the retweets! Thank you!!! :-)
After months of really bad airfares, Airtran pops up with 1-day sale AFTER I've booked my flights to ATL. Ugh. Jump on MKE-DEN $49 each way!
I hope all works out for you. There is peace in the eye of the storm, and always sunshine after the rain. The rain and storm
#IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same about me as i feel about you.
Sitting in the doctors office waiting to get my hand x-rayed and taped up again.
": Tweethearts! I need some new music to get me going this morning. Any suggestions?" Phil collins oh wait unbelievable
Another bad day for the 24!!... Not good!
One hour to explain a 20 page SEO audit report to a non-technical audience was no easy task. Went better then I thought.
Today is National Kids & Pets Day! How do you plan to celebrate?
Try this awesome Guacamole, Roasted Corn with Black Beans. We're also featuring Raspberry Margaritas all day for $6
It is definitely flip flop weather out there! Stop by 24K and check out our adorable, glam Lori Jack swarovski crystal sandals!
Good Morning, stop in today for Thankful Thursdays! Donate for one edible,($10max) and receive another of equal or lesser value for free. :)
Going into 4 straight wks in the studio!.. I think I'm beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel. 1Love
Rob G going real mellow good music 97.9 The Box always
To do and having love for ur mom is different then acting like ur married to the woman u take mammas boy to a whole new level
on my iPad, the app decides to stop working every month or so. maybe if I stop cursing at it it'll be nicer to me ;)
Hello :) long time no talk with you, just friend no more, don't be afraid with me, Jina. . . .
you guys are going to do a nother album...
Trying to watch #NHL hockey but honestly cannot see the puck 80% of the time...
well that's his name
Fair warning to any of my followers: I will be attending #mlanet12 May 19-23 expect mass tweeting about medical libraries
Good night all you wonderful people ! <3
Hahaha. ;) & it still is biitttch, but I get it back on when my grades improve like wtf but I'll text u off my stupid iPod lol
Since when did being whipped become a bad thing?
aight yea i will. check out my music tho! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
TWO DAYS IN A ROW I had friends come over for coffee. I feel like a PIMP. A FRIENDLY PIMP
#SDSU #Aztecs Basketball going to another level. USA Today ranks them early at #10...playing UCLA in Wooden Classic & Syracuse on Midway.
See you at Carly's Bistro tonight!!! 10:00PM Phoenix, Arizona
Thanks for making me laugh, too!
just honest, you.
Two boards done for my sisters Graduation...One to go! :D lol
oh that's cute.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
I have to go back in to work though, still have some to finish :\
amazing pork buns today! With sweet
come to Canada and we'll make it happen
this is truly a small world didn't know him and jack were the best of friends
I used to think that runners were crazy. Now I think I was crazy for never running.
Last minute mothers day presents.... Walmart time...
I respect any place that will give you free matches
For 2012 I'm eatin pizza all day ehheee day
I'm in a fish and chip shop that sells earrings. (£2.80 each or two for £5.00 if you were wondering.)
Awww What Is It? If You Want You Can DM It To Me... Please?
So a British Britton? Innnnntersting.
Ungrateful bastard.
How about that one folks?!?!
There was no sneaking involved lol!
#Honestly I wouldn't be the same with out you because I'm in love with you <3
Today will be the death of me.
So true. I'm sensing something good happened to you. Hey girl, it's Dolores! What's up?
-- thanks for the follow!
Damn I was almost late
oh im soo cold. :/
OMG i just got the cutest matching Jacket and purse! Holla, its maroon in an Asian cut and pattern , its beautiful
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69 $ Divorce. Tampa-Clearwater
If we're in Nashville this summer, could we run into you?
I'm not saying you are lying, I'm just saying I don't believe you.
and are battling right now in the #OSC11. leads 36-31. 1:14 left before half
Tango class was so much fun!
Just checking my twitter. Aww....Thank you for the response earlier. S/O to my beautiful followers
hahah i'm sure you did
oh plzzzz! Don't be so hard on ur self
Ha. Not quite. But you never know what they'll say next.
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." George S. Patton
hahhaha damn that's light wish my car weighed that much
* some of our fights
20 mass ave right in front of the Suntrust Bank
Gonna go bowling and guess what i kinda suck!! I just throw it and somehow it a strike haha #gameface -_-
i hate watchin the NBA
And Special Judges Awards go to
Who is this dude putting the flag around #blago? Did he just call him Senator?
Hey Children's Book Press fans! We're moving over to so follow us there for more updates about your favorite CBP books & authors!
It's gonna be super weird being the oldest in the school next year!
"Like" Top 5 Cutest Boys: Top 5 Prettiest Girls: Top 5 I Would Cuff: #30 Likes to start<U+2665>
VACATION ALMOST OVER POOL PARTY TOMORROW SLEEP SUNDAY BACK TO THE GRIND MONDAY :)
You said I'm just a kid, my ego is big. I don't give a shit.
RT this tweet for a chance to win a $25 gift card to a broad ripple bar of your choice
RT : If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you.
Shouldn't been puttin his hand on her she finally left that ass
i was wondering the same thing hahaha
k, Do it soon cuz can take a while. I have a friend(s) with a beach house down there, too. carne asada!
Get in!!!! Great finish.
Red bull was a bad choice. Tonight was amazing. All I really need are two notes and a beat!
Have to take the ACTs tomorrow. ._.
Fuck that new Facebook layout I can't even be bothered by fb today bcuz that shit is too annoying
Delta keeps sending my emails with "Join e-Miles" in the subject line and I think it's an email from every time.
Well thank you! RT : At the keynote address for Xactly #compcloud. A lot of great product innovation in the horizon!
I'm halfway through February Article Writing Month, the reason I'm not doing the fun #FAWM. 7 down, 7 to go.
Thanks man :)
They out here with nothing on where's the parents at
I don't think so! What's the occasion?
RT : Las Vegas Blvd is closed northbound from Spring Mtn near Fashion Show Mall. Fashion Show Dr shutdown due to sulphuric acid spill
Irate man who called Variety 2day: "I need a fuck'n job! Give me a job bitch!" Me: "Sir, I like your chutzpah! When can u start!"
may you follow me plz?
Goo luck ! Hopefully we will be accepting the award from you! Will find out in a few minutes.
Helping launch VA statewide launch of "Women for Obama." Over 600 energetic and motivated women ready to keep Barack Obama as President!
It's nature's water - if nature added cucumber to its water. RT : Cucumber-flavored water,,,, It's nature's water.
Is that a real question? lol Yeah, I reserve my actual business for my actual friends. Social networking is for fun.
you make our job easy! I can't stop telling folks about LibraryYOU! -sw
Today is Focus Friday for me. How about you?
yeah but what if u go to college or somewehre later that requires a high school degree with 4 years or english, math, and science.
I want to say it was maybe 10-12 years ago. Right?
Great job having each others back!!! Big road trip upcoming!!
Well drive it crazier. LOL
It's called ViSalus - are you interested? Its really good. Tons of different recipes.
Our early-bird pricing may be over, but tickets are still cheap and available!
Shout out the my nigga doing his thing... Wuddup bro
I want a 70FO shirt. Where are people getting these?
GT Events always needs great staff nationwide! www.gt-events.com, click "Talent Sign-Up" to join the team!
finished it last night and cried like a wee one on the couch. Ah ma zing book club YES
Hey! Dummy in the green SUV. Stop for the red light and allow the runner in the crosswalk to live. Otherwise a great 7 mile run at 5k pace.
hard to believe it's been that many years! I was there for the first opening day!
Looks like im doin a set at the Beauty Bar tonight... WHOOP! S/o !!
Officially Bored.
One day we will say to the young, "I remember when Pluto was a planet, back when floppy disk & encyclopedias were still used!"
Jeff's my favorite too RT : jeff you're my favorite Wanderflier. don't tell the others RT :
This Bitch That Hoe!.
#victorylane ": Finally able to finish lettering the car tonight. Ready to see the 2012 design on the track!"
#AskMindless can u give a shout out to my bestow teyera (tiera) her BIRTHDAY April 6
See, it bsclly plans itself. I'm thinking rather than a 3 day tour de heart attack, though, to pick two and make it 1 day.
Kill that spider yet?
cant wait to get my car!
im gonna be gettin in at like 740 pm on sat. i have 2 ppl that might be able to pick me up but if theyre both playin could u?
EEK. You'll have to excuse my ugly outfit andj obnoxious bowling skills.
7 months fly by soo fast when you find the one. #love tweet
Working on Hot Eats edition of Neighborhoods, featuring firefighters and their dishes. It will be in your Thanksgiving Courier-Journal.
From the Louisiana Bus, Scoringo, in-the-moment sports information allowing users to play games about games.
Daylight savings time gave me jetlag
(the part being expropriated)
you right
we have options. Jamn 94,5 summer jam is on June 2nd, with , but with other people who aren't good...
I hope Gary Oldman
These fools think they are gonna sleep in. No chance, I'm hungry now. I'm gonna fart next to the bed till they get their asses up.
always trust the space you inhabit. Nobody enters it until you give permission!
Attn. Gathering Cooks: looking for a few cooks to fill in on Sat. 11/5 at the South Side site. Please send a message if you can help.
I'm soo hungry :(
(This vacation is not happening for 3 weeks, btw)
Hey, we just had an earthquake
follow back.
Confused..? I'm standing on the corner of I don't have a clue and WTF!
Madonna Notches 42nd No. 1 on Dance/Club Play Songs - Billboard
It's only Wednesday, but unfortunately my productivity has already reached Friday levels.
What is the Kanye West collection looking like?
MY SHIT BANG TUNE MY MUSIC UP)(:)~
Thanks fam. What's new with you?
I'm just thinking out loud
you're so funny! haha I love all your videos. Follow me on keek, please: elizabethcb
Feet sore from my platform heels. I remember when a 3-inch heel was high--and now, those are my everyday shoes.
Odd problem.I get notifications via cell that some of my posts have been retweeted,but cant find WHO retweeted,so I can say thx.Suggestions?
Happy happy birthday to !
maybe a few.. Haha
idk.....I just tweet whateves I want:)
Ha! I've been waiting for this Tweet. Felix is quite a character! I was so excited to meet someone who knew you IRL. :)
aw. Well we will b happy to c u whn u do!
Come on by to Two Rivers Corporate Center today from 11:30-1:30 where we will be serving the best country cookin in Nashville.God Bless all!
Thanks for retweets. May you & family manifest lives of Heaven on Earth = Perfect Health+Protection+Prosperity+Love/Happiness.
It is not enough to know how to ride you must also know how to fall. ~ Mexican Proverb
107 to 113 all week. It's June in Phoenix, so no surprise.
you said you'd be here, came back again. Where are you?
did you make your debut or you can't sleep in? Go get 'em in Dallas!
Stop by for live demos of our brand new 4810 Squeegee & Floodbar Washer!!
Finally my garage / studio is getting a new ceiling wall and door this weekend!
I know! Next year will be some exciting times
dont give up on the mariachis. I know is saying No but we both know she really wants them.
the show was amazing my fav parts are when thos kids do the trick(even though i can do those better)
Damn! He knows a shortcut so I go home last DAMN IT
everyone just hates me
#np King of Anything-Sara Bareilles
Talking about "saving energy" in science class,then you go home and are on the computer w. the t.v on,while on the phone..#gogreen lol
Enter code BERYL at checkout to benefit Beryl Heights Elementary fundraiser!
play beautiful mistake (:
Sell your throw up, I bet people will buy it for big bucks.
Active Child= perfect if you love 80s music, harp, opera, and R&B
What does your conscience say? You should become the person you are. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Who keeps talking about it ? RT : who makes a song about what they dont like tho? "thats that shit I dont like"
#PartofYourBodyThatNeverStopsGrowing *insert dick joke here*
Emily loves getting her shoes taken away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
got my Prom dress today (: ... well for my Social
Gestamp N.A. to reopen W.Va. plant, supply Honda and Ford, report says Supplier Gestamp North America plans to invest at least $100 milli
New on tap today is the Just Outstanding IPA. Strong & hoppy. You will love this
If you happy and you know it say amen
there you go!! Congratulations! I followed you also on my other account. :) Xx
its the so what u want to talk about
I recently discovered my mother-in-law doesn't like bacon. I'm glad I rescued my wife from that abusive household.
your job must be awesome!!!!
That's a first.
Please suit up if needed. (I know lions will win, but if you need to teach the bears who's house it is)
Aww hell. Now I gotta watch ALL the Rocky movies. Hell.
#40DAYS until the concert omg I'm so excited
Grand Canyon, AZ - the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park will open for the 2012 summer season on May 15th! Horay
Plz follow the upcoming she supports all of her followers and she follows back . 2 follows for one BK.
Justin's new photoshoots are real sex ;)
Better than sports books!!! www. BestSportsBettingSecrets.com Try it out! Good luck!
My office hours are Monday - Sunday, 12:00 a.m. - 11:59 p.m.
it is the original mixed martial arts: weapons, free forms, acrobatics, joint locks, throws, pressure points, everything martial art
RT : thank you so much for having me as a team leader! I loved helping(: teen hoot was amazing!<3
Moon a little too bright now, harder to see Perseid meteors ~1/min. No mosquitos, just owls out, very still. Listening to Gorecki in dark.
Happy SPRING!! Stop by and help us celebrate spring equinox with Iswas+Willbe's trunk show. Giveaways, snacks, and drinks!! <3 <3
Warning: Geek comment. We're redesigning our blog. This HTML5 stuff is pretty amazing!
yes maam :D
Old rock songs in the morning. <U+2764>
So glad I went with this salad instead of a burger
And Paul McCartney closes the live 30 Rock in SNL style? Iheartthisepisode
Holy cow: Wildcat Cory is in a CN2 commercial. Lol!
one at a time, friend. one at a time.
Love your videos, keep up the good work John. Check out our blog, we'd love to hear what you think.
Thanks! I feel so official! Suddenly day job has lost its luster (not that it had much). Now I can be Katie, the author instead
no MAN should ever except the excuse/reason, i don't remember what happened last night.
WOW. Lumisands has a high tech, inexpensive "filter" to turn harsh LED into full spectrum light.
Swallow back on these nuts!!
none, cloud care could definitely help!
TONIGHT: Thundering mix of dubstep & wicked electronic dance by Dutch DJ Dave Huismans as part of DC's Forward Festival....
All right. That was fun.
I love a good game of I WIN
Tweety is a complete moron. It is hurting Obama politically because he spends evenings with his family. SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY?
I love me please follow me!
THINK I'M THE FATHER OF THE YR IF NOT I'M THE RUNNER UP
Did you hear about the man who ran through a screen door? He strained himself! Ba da ch.
me it hurt and now to think back I really dont now how
I wish we could go back to the weekend and drink Watermelon Vodka together again. :( I miss you.
Proposition 8 was ruled unconstitutional!! So happy to see things moving forward in the fight for equal rights
Silly Huff article re: PolitiFact. "Politifact shouldnt call dubious Pres statement dubious b/c SOTU is full of dubious statements"
I'm glad you got the reference :)
Ugh why can't my mom be a sleazy suburban drug dealer mom like Nancy Botwin?
it doesn't want to load ;'l lol what is it?
"Enjoy your youth. You'll never be younger than you are at this very moment."
Ice on my eye
thanks! :) spread the word about it!
Sitting next to a guy from NY. His neighbor is the rapper Fabulous. He is showing me pictures of him at his pool.
thank you!
Midlakes Basketball: So many people do so much to help our program year round. Thank you!
amazing.. Spring break started here ;)
talking to your self is fine but answering? Idk you might wanna get some help;P
It's remarkable how much hatred I have towards infographics
girl you disappeared Sunday morning! Lol come back to my house son
Hey! #follow back
What are you in Sparticus boot camp
I think that's the first time I've ever sharpened a pencil at work. I just don't use'em much.
In this article, we will present you with several ideas to get your online business up and running without spending your own money to do so
We get our keys to our new place tomorrow and we get to move in! So excited!:-)
you never talk to me. So nigga Stfu.
less friends less bullshit
I wish u wouldn't stop following me, I would miss that Beautiful smile. Be happy, u deserve it'
Hey guys, follow me so I can check this shit at Mayhem <3
First show should drop Mid-August !
Long day. I am beat. Day light saving time… it’s hard on a person! Good night. Sweet dreams. Clap Clap Lights off.
you and I know better than to settle. It's just not who we are. To be mediocre would be to slap one another in the face.
I just want it to be summer all ready !
It would be nice to bring back knuble but he's done. Look how many times caps made him a healthy scratch.
I thought it was gonna be on the 17th which is today.
Haha that's awesome!! It's one of those things you either love or hate! :)
Yep, I do feel grateful. Challenged but grateful. God works in funny ways.
Lucky girl! Which restaurant are you going to make a reservation at?
Thank you for bringing #AHA to the rest of us!
Nothing better then oatmeal and before workout!
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout U
Ceremony are playing Chain Reaction tomorrow!
This movie is boring
thanks, love! It was very nice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
interesting. Noticed you're in Bmore - you should check out the edu panel at Digital Harbor High on Wed up there! FYI
I do...it's just attached to this little Latin boy named Juan and he won't give it back!
ummh I don't know how too, I haven't even deleted mine
Did you know a Monitronics monitored security system could save you 20% off your homeowners insurance? Ask your agent if you qualify.
frick park market naturally. he played another song he dropped like 5 mins before he went on. i dont remember what it was
RT 2 more days til #Cubs #springtraining starts!!! Who's ready? We all are.
Just passed a drunk man stumbling down the street gripping several palm fronds for life. A block later, I passed the palm tree he accosted.
I could have passed, but it would have been to my 10-year-old niece, who was especially shy about it,so I didn't.
thanks for the add! I cant wait to learn from you.
Yep the young people love it!! Great opportunity for them
It is more difficult to contend with oneself than with the world. ~ Kurdish Proverb
court date getting closer n freaking out about testifying some drunk guy nearly killed me and im afraid i'll get choked up on the stand :(
ABC pilot audition tomorrow!
weak shift...the day before Easter!!
That awkward moment when the world didn't end
Not only did BSU get beat but I can't get rid of James Taylor's Shower the People from my head
So, you are not very optimistic?
k np thanks for getting back to us.
By comparison, the people in Echo Park up my bro quotient considerably.
The first closed circuit automobile race held at Narragansett Park, Rhode Island, in September 1896.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 3
It's Thursday afternoon and *none* of my professors have activated Blackboard? It may seem trivial but organized profs are the best profs.
you know what i just realized, you were the first person i ever talked to on here!
If people think I'm graphic and speak my mind too much, you should hear what I don't say.
Happy Birthday girl!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Thanks, G! Ya sweetheart! Have an awesome weekend
7 More Days Until My Birthday! :)
Lin and Novak are the discount double threat!
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Back to the LBK in the morning. See y'all at chapter!
that's a great comeback. You could also work in other makes of tractors and see if they get it.
one more test! one more test!
Awesome! I love ziplining. My family did it in Costa Rica! Fabulous experience!
even more cool that Mickelson executed the shot to perfection!
This just in, late night votes don't hide anything...
true true :-)
And that wasn't unnecessary roughness??
Haha, don't worry its supposed to be like 67 on friday. If that's comforting at all
Boo, I have to stop watching The Parent Trap and go pick up from work. JK, love ya. :)
We are not up yet! are you? ;) Have some breakfast and then come back and build your portfolio on www.shastic.com
#musiclib11: At the Music Library Assn Mtg in Philly? Stop by Alexander Street booth # 36 for QR code to free playlist and enter drawing!
I hope this get together goes nice and smooth. Please no drama today! I got enough on my mind smh
Some old guy in the café at Barnes & Noble just drew me and he left before I could ask to see it. THE MYSTERY IS KILLING ME.
RIP. What car/truck are you getting next?
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers!!!
I need to stop watching #intervention so late at night... this is truly the stuff nightmares are made of
: wow thats not good man, hope its not something major.
LB business owners - we'll b dropping off boxes 4 the LB Community Food drive today. If u would like us to drop off a box please let us know
hey , RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
mhm - i don't mind it all mixed into one; its YOU i follow, regardless of what's on your mind.
That was a pretty dramatic showdown w/ Councilman Carl Stoke not budging on bottle tax.
The Lakers played great team ball, solid defense ,, 30 pts again from Kobe, let's go
hello my name is Dain :).
Come in for our holiday specials ~ $70 for an hour of Reflexology or Reiki. Also, gift certificates available all season long.Happy Holidays
Enjoyed losing my voice last night. Well worth it for the Packers and the way they played! A-Rodge is the best right about now....
Decision to not go to 1:00 class just got a lot easier now that I realized Wisconsin plays at 1:15
hm.....so I think that I'll be a Music Composition major when i come back to ISU...........sounds like a plan to me
What are you doing up this early?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD, DAMNIT? Misery really does love company... BUT YA AIN'T GETTIN IT FROM ME, HONEY
Gooooaaaalllllll!!!!!! Thank you Sergio!
really nice!!:)
Just saw a fish Co. Van in Albuquerque. Wtf? When did they come to town?
haha! Fucking right you guys do- also..I heard your nemesis Corn man just moved here- any chance 4 an epic battle when u arrive?
Isn't that name a swear word here in Atlanta?
It's time to align our #life to the life of #Christ. #Jesus came as an example of how we are to live including operating in #miracles!
wow, that is a lot of tanooki
Great! Thanks Steph. Who?
Robbie Rivera is coming to Club Cinema This Friday May 4th. Hit me up for Dance or Die discounted tickets 954-654-5605
and i will let you choke on the noose around your neck. Such a great song(;
I tweeted to 30 times today all being about different things. Unreal
lol you guys are awesome
Just relaxing today. 5 more days of school left.
Loiter squad is stupid. Jackass was better..
...In #fact, quite the opposite is true. It is illogical to believe that after fighting a revolution, in part to escape religious tyranny...
#Shoutout to my bro !! go check his shit out! promise you wont regret it!
nice story, keep up the good work
The world can now rest easy that I've made my political statement on Twitter. We did good, important work here. I am a genius.
We will be at the hillcrest hoe down today in san Diego
I would look at target/walmart and if not there try burtsbees.com :)
I'm a poet and I don't even know it because my feet are long fellows (Longfellow). PS - You're welcome!!
been listening to the get rich or die tryin album all morning. Feel like murderin someone now
Go out on a limb...that's where all the fruit is!
If you want people to look nervous ask them to act natural
And there's an Anchor Brewery bar there too!
Get your copy of the East Oregonian today! We are on the FRONT PAGE!
Hey gals, I haven't forgotten about Gabriel's b'day. Tribute post coming later tonight :D
Flamenco at the Thirsty Bear SF Sun, November 28, 7pm
I am so burnt out from networking all day. Well, it's bed time for me. good night
Born to Bingo?! In the market for Bingo supplies for a future event! Got some, let us know!
I'm basically God
I'm avail to chat tmrw afternoon, or Friday mid-morning. I'll DM my number. Excited to help organize
I love MLB Audio. In San Francisco at my company HQ, waiting to head to the airport for a red eye. Able to listen to Hammy before I go.
RT : I'm homy..... I bet 99% of you pervs misread that.
Unions, Advocacy Groups Call On AT&T To Sever Ties With Lobbying Group
Sunday fun day in the books!! Strawberry shortcake for the win!!
it's almost spring? ready for a great "just off the beach" tan??
I fucking hate duke.
Jackson, is really sad because you aren't following him:((( super sad!!!!!!!
CEO Tony Hsieh draws a crowd. He's here to address UNLV Young Entrepreneurs Group.
what does that even mean????
I hate you tech support people w/your magic way of making things work as soon as they're in your presence.
Lets Go Bruins!!!!!
Man I'm callin these niggerss
RT: “: Get #anewbeginning with and ! Sign up now!”
- You bubble ball text make jelly. Make cry.
chris brown goes hard in his new song <3
you're better than that..new TFK cd came out yesterday!
#SundayFootball Ladies Keep Your Mouth Close To Commercial Comes On , Give Your Man Some Head Every Commercial !
Gonna miss that stuff!
Oh, you got #PlansForTheSummer ? I bet they're so different and exciting than everyone else's plans!
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy. When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
will do
Barrier: School's technology policy
Color me a romantic but I won't require seeing a 'dick pic' before we meet up. I'm just going to assume you HAVE a penis.
Some team in the middle of the country I don't pay attention to, sorry
the images are taken from a tricycle that pedals along campus sidewalks and paths. not just the image from the street.
Remember the movie trading places? Hm
upcoming local artist Sho
believe its 28, will double check
I hope she enjoyed it!
UGH I WANT TO WATCH IT
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
Yeay ... go do something fun!
Lololololol so you mad ? xD You're older than me... You should act like it
When I was a child I could remember anything.... Whether it happened or not. ~ Mark Twain
is right. Get yer #Bucks seat for Nets game Sat. nite for as little as $5.58. #playoffs?
Hw...I'm not to fond of you!
Check Tivity's newest followers and get active!
#Detroit airport...next stop
maybe cuz i had to work!?
Feel like we've been squatting for the last week, happy to get our furniture tomorrow.
i've been shot in the head in 2 dreams.. its like I die in the dream and revive... weird stuff >_<
Finale already :(
Hope your having fun at #sxsw . We miss you in #Detroit!
is liking the weather in Paris!! 30 degrees today!!!
it was great seeing u all the other day! I'm always tickled 2 meet ppl I've only met online
where should i go eat??
Asians do the weirdest things on their computers
We don't really need to hear from Bud after every game.
And my ten hour trip starts now
from "I would slap you, but I don't wanna get slut on my hand!"
Man my phone all fucked up
With all this rain, I want to be able to puddle jump! Any ideas for where I can get rainboots at an awesome local store? #GoLocal!
Thanks! We'd love to see you.
is building 1,500 Easter Baskets for the Hungry at State Fair Expo today! Thank you Palermo's!!
oh hello
FINAL: #Gophers 78-72 Hello New York City
Another awesome day ruined.
Would love for you to read Dandelions Never Die-You would be the perfect Shelley!
I know right, how are you??
Lunch with :))
Ryan Leslie Transition album was the shit #throwback ... slept on artist.
Thanks for your always-incisive writings!
not me!!
Fuck the Caps
can u post a pic of the new uniforms for all those frogs who aren't at the game?
Happy Birthday Lady! Yesterday or today, I have you down for both! Abrazos from
"Be who God meant you to be and you will set the world on fire.” <U+2015> St. Catherine of Siena
how many times do I have to tell u fuckin no for u to get it! -_-
Let's #tigers let's get some runs going here!!!
It feels like this year has been filled with way too many people dying way too young.
Surreal: grading essays re: American Revolution + following tweets re: cops teargassing
u kno mission #blackingout is already in the plans for this weekend
My Nipples Are Hard A'f. -______-
#honestyhour I fall for guys to quick.
Sometimes they aren't much easier if it IS your native institution.
Your welcome :-)
clearly...frame that pic :p
Spacecrafts have nicknames, so why can't you? If you went to space, what would you want your nickname to be when you landed back on Earth?
“: "Joining the Secret Service" is the new "Hiking the Appalachian Trail."”
DANG! All This Hate On ? She's Gonna Be Trending By The Time You All Are Done With This!
I have some!
#SherlockPBS now! RT : Hounds of Baskerville on Sherlock right now! So good! Tune in.
I hate that Craig Brown just hash tagged Raise The Jolly Roger with #RTJR on air. I'm just mad I didn't think of it first.
When it seems like everyone around you is making progress & you're not, God is often molding you for what's to come!
Kobe ! Wtf was that :o
I feel like a shitty boyfriend....
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 Talk all this sh.t on twitter then be scared to hit in person .
Yea man...I don't tell people alot of the shit that has happened to me, mostly because I forget my-damn-self. lmao
My dog is resting by my feet! Cannot ask for more. I am blessed!
BATTLE OF THE EXES: Go Emily!!!
Cast away all negative thoughts and fears. If your will is yoked to wisdom, you can achieve anything. - Paramahansa Yogananda
I meant to say y aren't u lol such I am dumbas lol sorry. Haha
it was great having you and Whitney visit us. TWLOHA rocks!
Celebrate National Dance week ! www.nationaldanceweek.org
Hughes looks good, if he can get some run support.
Solid. And great job w context of redev's end. Remarkable how fast City Hall's wheels turn when it wants to.
Agree & why social networks are so popluar RT so funny when people try their ABSOLUTE hardest to get attention
thank you
was thinkin bout 230 or so?
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year - and yet, when it speaks, it's voice has STRONG authority... wjc
"You're in the asshole of the world Captain."
I'm game!
every time you make a pun, a ninja kills a kitten.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 8.) When someone pokes me! like in real life not facebook! actually, i hate that too! but yea and u'll see what happens
just moving to Seattle by itself bumped you up by 200 points.
What do you think of #CaseyAnthony video diary? Check out my reaction tonight on the Insider. It may surprise you.
It's official, just booked my registration for NAB, viva Las Vegas!! here we come.
Gotta get some rest for STAAR. So happy for YEE<3
Duncan: "We know that if kids aren’t healthy then kids can’t learn...This is an unprecedented investment in school-based health care."
hahaha....that's one celebrity I am content never seeing in real life....
"everybody's working for the weekend." -so true this week.
First night of summer....so weird to say!
Very strange to have long weather delay at with #chamberofcommerce weather outside
Pretty casual. Speakers very laid back. Interesting stuff being presented.
Just rolled out some minor updates to my website. I should really redesign it sometime.
If you were at the show tonight what did you think of the new song we played? Got enough beef for you? ;D
Join us Fri for a special Pick It To Win It #handicap contests coming from #Aqueduct, #Belmont & #Saratoga! Trivia & hosting by Phil Lip!
it's Monday- Superbowl Parties enjoyed- You'll need lunch today- Come on in! Our 5.99 Special today is a Strip Steak!!!!
I had baby back ribs(:
Dear Beer, You're always delicious. But when you're in an icy, frosty glass, you're like an expensive hooker in thigh high boots. Thank you.
Had tA wake him up earlier, just fA him2 say 'I love you too, bae.' #BeenInLove wit him, feels good when he dont want2 hang up*cheeseface*.
Tomorrow the Wildcat is going for win number 252. Stay tuned. And the Slap Shot has a huge payday tomorrow as well.
missing someone?
St Paddy's day and I have it off! Which means... Work tomorrow!!
My hair apparently thinks it's officially summer... #dryasabone :-/
Jungle Tales will still be taking place Tuesday, May 8th as usual!
Thank you, Rachel! RT : Welcome to Twitter!
I do an excellent Judge Judy impression for a white guy! Wait, isnt that an OFFSPRING song???
Don't let GOP meanies teach U about women if they are not women. Same if they're not black or a recent immigrant or Muslim. They don't know.
Working with the criminally insane as prep for working in libraries, archives, & museums? Intriguing.
ALWC Spring work day at 1:00PM today! See ya there!
your tweets make my day. There perfect. And I can relate to some of them which is even better. <U+2665>
I can't wait for the day where I can build my own Smartphone.
The hottest meme out there, I Got Bronchitis, now has a song. Hear it at 11:30a w/
RT @ ShaeBae__ S/O to to my world
Okay that was the longest 10 count ever.
im just gonna start turning my phone off at night. im so sleepy yo.
Happy Birthday, e e cummings!
He's so disgusting. He literally offends me more than the entire "cast" of Jersey Shore.
Oh Lord. Here we go again..
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. -Marianne Williamson
Cold and Flu season is here! Did you know that massage therapy can help you boost your immunity?
now I got to handle abusive Jerrod
So would you come back in the middle of the night and tell me everything is going to be alright
I would have thrown in a "what is wrong with you people?!" in there somewhere.
same. I'm tired of watching them on tv.
haha ah come on dude..
Get new e book now remembering IMAM W.D. MOHAMMED
saw someone say 'zayn malik makes smoking cute' - seriously though? Millions of people die from smoking and also from passive smoking (c)
get up off it 'Offutt'!!!
they're a bitch to put together though
Queen James is no MJ
going to sleep good cuhz da LAKERS won. funna have a fantastic Mother's Day Tomorrow nd GAMETIME on Monday
*Ryan Pickett
So funny how trends happen. In the last few years, #cupcakes have been all the rage. Now all of a sudden, #froyo is where it's at. Next?
Well I hope he didn't tell you about them because Willie doesn't talk!
Paper published in Neurogastroenterology and Motility by Associate Professor Adrian Miranda, MD, selected as "must-read" by Faculty of 1000
Excited for today!
I had no idea the U lost their last regular season game at home to BC...terrible!
Oral History Association- presented on academic Oral History programs addressing pressing issues with oral history in academia.
1 - RT these tweets and let know your sick of daily harassment.
that was actually when i met her haha it was free!
Jesus is my Man.
one of my teachers gave me a zero on one of my papers just because he was too lazy to correct it. now that grade (cont)
Can you let me know what happens when you go to Edit Profile then try to remove the incorrect Org I first added? Thanks!
well ya kno somethin i FREAKING LOVE UR LAUGH BOO(:
Friday....It's you...I thought you would never get here and yet ...here you are!
Lost a Friends Check
how are you dopeness!!
thank you! At the beach? Jeal. Enjoy!
New classes! Come and join us! Wednesdays @ 9am Body Flex and Glide with Susie. Tuesdays @ 10 am Stretch with Tina
: it sure does...an closed mouths dont get fed... ;)
Waiting on line in DC for NEreg to Baltimore.. Amtrak tickt machines need major UI help; I picked up anothr guy's tickets w astonishing ease
via Griselle Marie Rosario Lafontaine THE COOLEST THING EVER...HAVE INTERNET IN THE AIRPLANE, YEAH!
*evil snicker* There's a man being strategic and helpful for the people's movement!
Elaborate designs for what turned out to be @ 15 seconds of music. I'll cover for the mistake by saying that I'm planting seeds for later...
That's an extremely tough thing to judge from a distance.
idc about lebrons choking ass. My question is why does one team have 24 ft n one have 5. It's the playoffs.
Tom Brady spits a lot.
"Experience is not what happens to you. It is what you do with what happens to you." - Aldous Huxley
salute big homie!!!!
Hey, didn't know you were at ! On our way there now :)
I was born and raised in kingsville :)) “: Farewell family...Back 2 bizness! Shows at Texas A&M Corpus Christi and Kingsville
:( i know yesssi really wanan take you to tiger lounge i think you'd love it x
Holy Cow! my Skype was off all day!!!
When youre music is so loud the guy next to you has to roll the window up to talk on the phone (:
that's depressing I would be all over that shit
My nephew just slapped me in the testicles. Thanks, bro. If anyone needs me, I'll be hunched over in the corner.
Thanks for sharing your expertise!
Ah, a little Kate Bush in the morning! Thanks
Great work team!
We are dying to go to Islay & Jura - my husband is in love with Islay Scotch. Will definitely make that trip someday soon!
when I traded in my old car there were hundreds of Cheerios on the floor. Didn't even try to clean it up.
...how about now? RT : Is it happy hour yet??
what I need most in my life rn is a confirmation that Britney is actually gonna be an X Factor judge
id say he told him whatever he wanted to hear to try to get him here, thats the purpose of recruiting
yes, please send details to
#bbn is all in!!
Happy Birthday !!
I will nvr be too good for instant ramen. So good!
i think #hologram tupac was better than real life tupac...
Ah my uterus skipped a beat, there's a gorgeous baby boy in the office today.
first time in my life I didn't get frisked at an airport today. <3 (at BNA/Nashville)
Jus out of curiousity have i lost my bestfriend the girl i could talk 2 about anything???
Shout out to the FB weather reporters. Word
Superbowl weekend coming up! Where will you be?
Fitch Publishes U.S. Leveraged Finance Spotlight Series: Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol like some thinkle peep I am
Lovin' this physical play in #Kings vs #Blues - game 2. Wish all games were like this.
most likely
So many #May1 events planned here, can only do 1 or 2. I may not have a "job," but still have to work. ;)
New 3 class session starts this Saturday. Will you be singing with us?
what i think about during day Morning: Glee and Brittana Afternoon: Glee, Heya Night: Glee, Brittana Wake up the next day and start all over
Now their crip calling...its time for me to go not now but right now
Agree! RT : several years later, itunes is still horrible
Can't wait to meet and #DreamVillain #ColeWorld #UNCStandUp....Wait, I'm not meeting them #SadDay #ICanDreamRight?
Woke can't sleep grRrrrrRRrr #fail#
I seriously think this school is retarded
I can forgo the strip this time . Definitely want to check out Braddock, though.
SNOW - With one scene left to shoot, we should be happy. The scene involves a choir singing an original song...lots of pre-production.
Great chatting with you too! Hope your future flights are not delayed as much! Having a great time in SF. Hope you enjoy your vaca
i Just need a banging tight ass beat
lol some bitch in my DM tryna hack my twitter , little do you know . IM A HACKING QUEEN , bitch try me .
The crazy thing about it I been knew I had it
Hell yeah, no ambition at all.
#Kentucky leads #Louisville by 7pts at the half.
This is my life and I'm gonna decide who I wanna be. You can judge me, but judge me for me, not what you see.
Yes, I can email it to you...I know of Mark Weiss!!! Wow! He took amazing photos of Van Halen, Ozzy etc! Rock on!!!
Tillman's a solid contender> I really hope he get's it. Lot's of changes this offseason for our team. Hope we're in NOLA in '13.
so fun hanging out with you tonight!!! (:
guys fucking Has a twitter!
Awk moment when something is on your mind and you cant say……
And now #goosebumps is on, so watch it on #HUB!
Ok, where do we start? Germany? Slovakia? Turkey?
Hater:"Austin Mahone can't sing." Me: "YES HE CAN!"Hater:"Why are you shouting?!"Me: "BECAUSE YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE A FUCKING HEARING PROBLEM!"
Hopefully one day we can watch the sunset together.<3
hahaha i knew it xD i know right but have to -__- dude i had a dream about you ;O
I'm hungry
I'm good I'm working w/hsh
RockSolid Floors ® now provides more color options with their popular Polyurea Garage Coat products, the best value among their industry
People that ride bikes: Do I call you bicyclists? (Sounds too formal) Cyclists? (Sounds too unicycle-y) Bikers? (Sounds too Hell's Angels-y)
Ugh! School tomorrow. I don't wanna go! >:(
you would love my new phone ring tone....
lmao it's true!
but are ahead, ,
A free dozen to the first person who can guess 10/25 featured flavors for #supersaturday!
I knew that was coming somehow!We're just more mature.Glad that ur past ur prime & we're just hitting it!:)
yea it comes out next month. They are mailing me one I'll let ya know how it is!
Super inconsistent. But Joe Binder won't budge.
because they get paid to give out false information. Fox news viewers are not informed. The guy asked if he wanted to be back on
Film Festival tonight. FREE. 3 eco-shorts, food, music & drinks! The fun starts at 6 pm tonight. Weatherspoon Art Museum.
don't think I've forgotten about the DC-connection, gotta get up sometime and make Vegas more local for us all!
& – thanks for the RT
A character named Alcide on the series True Blood is so fine, that I'm willing to allow him to impregnate me. Don't judge me please. :-/
I know you have to read Twilight for YA cred and all, but if you're bored, don't do it. But I'd say that anyway. :)
So This Bxtch is so fucking random stanky booty ass shavaia.said she will fuck oomf and make her pussy wet!
Sorry if you got deleted by us a second ago. We realize that we went about twitter all wrong at first. We just randomly followed people.
Doubt imma drink tonight . Gonna keep my colon clean <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Can't wait you'll pass the audition <3
How come YOU always come out like 5 minutes late -.- grr. lols :P
Am I the only one who really hates the Gamestop pre-order commercials?
What are a few dishes that you can create at home from your #Holiday Dinner leftovers?
Great seeing you other night at ESPN Magazine Party. Keep on doing your great work. Big Daddy
i love you soo much! I wish i could see you in thursday! Im depressed cuz i cant go. I just want you to know i still love you!
Yeah! Kinda going through a thing right now - so lets shoot for toward the end of may. Mondays are my day off, but im flexible
Kobe time
People who have never been stoned are stupid!
WOW David Axelrod told in a interview that "It's COOL to be an Obama supporter" oh ya he is right!!!!!
Then again, I might release the overstock of songs as a promo mixtape before I drop the album
that's happened to me before! Except it was at a friends house..and I woke them up at like 5am&made them get me food. Lol
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :D
The movie Jack and Jill. Awsome
damn i bet it be feelin good though
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart.
Hi! We have a networking event on Friday. Our event sold out but will be welcoming walk-ins {$20 cover}.
Truth. RT : That will be the real test. Getting participants/content is much much harder than setting up infrastructure.
Let's Move Play Day at the East Communities Y, 10am-1pm. Free family event, games, swimming, food, prizes. Letsmoveatx.org.
Praying for you
“: #Idea10 Top shelf wine sets the context for a decision that is framed by what is on the top shelf.”
NBC calling #SCPrimary for Gingrich. First time in #GOP presidential primary history three different people have won first three states."
Sunday, April 10 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Karen Malpede, Playwright, Writer | www:latalkradio.com | Channel 1
I sleep to much after school
that just fucked up my night
I've seen some schools do dogs that ate the page. I have some other ideas, but how snarky do you want to get?
Thanks for following - lofty goals...Brava... Thomas
Just ended A long day with
Thanks for the follow! Yep... it's a fun contest! :)
Good morning Houston! Another beautiful day...we hope to see you at Zuma today!!!
And the Stache saves the game
KOO! GOT ME FELLING DUMB...
"oops". It is a beautiful thing to witness such joy.
So happy to listen to Musburger and Knight instead of Vitale.
Ill be your Juliet, Can you be my Romeo? ;)
haha come on now
We performed last night at the Denver Aquarium, at a live coral show. I didn't know there were coral geeks out there! Amazing!
The most fucked up shit is NEVER made up.
I know right? But he has the cutest personality though so he makes up for it.
hahhahaha cool! yeah, PR sounds really pretty. I wanna go visit! and i love the beach (:
Just had a great lunch with at Martin's Tavern
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
Van Halen coming to the Resch Center. Any interest, ?
HEY I JUST MET YOU
Wow! The #Packers just signed Jeff Saturday. That's how you replace Scott Wells!
Patriots Brady is a machine. A machine continuously produces over and over again. Tebow takes one, two and sometimes three quarters off.
The personal values managers in every position in every country reported as being most important to them: 1. Family 2. Integrity.
You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow, rather lay awake in the bed full of sorrow.
Tweet tweet tweet..
Shitty day. Shitty mood. Hello laying in bed all day watching jersey shore(:
chill don't sleep on them
Crushes you get over and the tears go away, but loving you is different, the tear will always stay.
What contest did you enter lucky girl?
During the Dark Ages, (400-1400 AD) popular belief was that you could grow a lost tooth by obtaining a tooth from someone else.
my Dms aren't working #tech problems. If you DM me your email or SMS I'll forward
RT Follow these accounts. Don't think about, it just do it. Also, RT.
Got some new beats.
Kayy so my big sis in like a couple hours because, she lives in Sweden! She is gonna meet Emli :)
Is gravy included? No? PASS.
Happy Tuesday! Check out who knows all the tricks of the trade in backpacking. Taking a backpacking trip? Tweet us!
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders.
that's what everyone said about the pats too....
Heading out to honor YWCA Career Women of Achievement
rest of the season RT Of course the Mets score while I'm in the office bathroom. Do I have to spend the rest of my day there?
The Elementary SUN basketball league is kicking off their season as we speak! 1st up Vernon vs Ockley Green in the SEI gym. Woot!
I'm not afraid... I was BORN for this
The week should go Monday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Sunday.
Shoutout to my best friend ! FOLLOW HER everyone!! #Follow her now! :) #FollowHER ! follow now :)
nope, two different products (but there are shape ups too)
UAPB Choir is Beast!! Great Job!!
What did you get in trouble for when you were a kid?
thanks for the follow and all the great work you do.
just not enough aggressiveness on offense. It doesn't help that Elliott reverted back into Patrick Lalime either
what was it? It was just 7 PM up there.
Like! : Nothing like learning about a newlywed couple's divorce via a Courthouse check-in status on Facebook.
just remembered i have some sushi in the fridge #winning!!!
Sorry, I owe you a beer.
Ha! My considered answer is yes: and are equally awesome. ;)
Off to the zoo. Miss the gorillas.
sounds delicious! looking forward to it.
worked all weekend
Champ in the back of the shuttle says "just glad I dont have to fly the plane." Us too, friend, us too.
Yeah. I can't believe I missed it!
aaawwwsss... thanks LOVE!!!
thank you for adding my requested categories #twellow!
Think it was more "Addison Reed is young, here's Hawk at the same age."
Find the person who love's you exactly the way you are."
#motorcycle #accidents appear to be occurring at an awfully high rate this #spring . Another one just got creamed by an SUV which took off.
I will never settle for less, I will always fight and work hard for the best
-___- ": Lol no way" RT : #ThirstTrap | ": DM's ONLY! Tell me somethin you always wanted to tell me
Robin Gibb&#39;s Coma Recovery Not So Unusual
The camera is no more an instrument of preservation, the image is.
what about "K" as an affirmative response to a question? that drives me nuts.
I hate this spam on twitter
Happy halloween!!! Tweet at me what your dressing up as
its relieving taking soccer socks off after playing in them. #breathelegs!
When he texts you&&tells you he wants you back.. That just means you are doing better without him&&he realized it.<3
#HappyEndings postponed 'til after this weather (a.k.a. the Apocalypse) is over! LOL! (We're making the next 2 ep's real special for y'all.)
"I have never known a really successful man who deep in his heart did not understand the grind, the discipline it takes to win [as with...
Thanks! Will do.
Needs to take a nice long warm bath...
I pray that I'll never get boring.... For the rest of my life, i rather be a weirdo,a jerk, or "immature", just plane goofy, &silly....
cool ^^ last week I had a test of Brazil and the United States on geography. I know a little about your city and country.:)
plese follow me...is my big dream....i'm big fan of 1D please
Happy Birthday to Aric...:-)
Sen. Keith King, R-CSprgs, believes bill still too restrictive on schools, pushing for a big amendment.
does not like ethnic studies that much
Please stop complaining about pulling its t.v. ads~whether you agree/disagree w/their biz decision~THE RIGHT TO CHOOSE IS AMERICAN!
if Quinn dies or is severely hurt, I will stop watching!
good morning , & nope, they're not ruined, it was saved in my drafts but could never send :/
Best team wins RT : Copy culture will be hugely disruptive to publishers, hugely beneficial to reading culture
I LOVE YOU TOO BRO!!!
meeting in parking lot..."this will be you last check"
What to say in my first tweet? How about "I'll be presenting at the best usability conference this year"!
of course.
Cool cause we are about to drop this Hot New single "Show Out" with Shameik & Shawty Lo everything has to be on point thanks
have fun! (i'm still under cover. Lol)
Tonight at 9!! PIERCED ARROWS/BIG EYES/HEAD ON ELECTRIC/TENEMENT + the new Rock N Roller Remote Controller preview!
Mirror Pics w/ the <U+270C><
Thanks for the shoutout, :) keep up the good work!
Let's DO THIS #Brewers!!!!!! #FINISHem!!!
This Jewish girl has eaten a TON of Easter candy! Cadbury should make Passover Peeps!
Want to know about upcoming events and sales with CFN Music? Sign up for the e-newsletter at www.cfnmusic.com.
That teaching will be brought to more and more people through experienced teachers of our One Drop groups!
it's because I post way too much on facebook and it finds me slightly more interesting than the girl who always does games
Delete. "Oh honey, I just learned how to do the twitter!"
Someday soon I'm catching up on lost sleep. Someday soon....
just drink orange juice and tweeting. sup?
Got tree trimmers with whiny chainsaws (like giant mosquitoes) in back, and am waiting for an expensive plumber to walk thru the front door.
dang! Still??? Ewuh
"Don't sell me something, solve me something"
Pulled a leg muscle the day before tryouts
"You cant 'buy' class like that." nicole scherzinger
Accessioning madness all up in here
What time do wasps go to sleep, I wonder. Waiting with bug spray to get this nest right outside my door.
lmfao! Your done and word I've been wanted that shit!
Any plans for OSC support? I guess it is called Simple*Midi*Pad, so I should shut up.
dont mean i dont apprcaite the other rappers , just means id rather listen to other niggas on my lyrical level and higher
Sick nfl draft hats
are you sick again?!
#2011in4words wait it's already over? :)
i can see this, but it may be a context w/in which we have to work and navigate. thots?
How pathetic is failure...beautiful day..No we're not going to enjoy it we're going to attack Belinda Jackson progress..Pathetic
hey Jermichael! How you doing?
Great job, I know nothing about #Diablo3 but thanks to Twitter I know your game is broken as fuck and a lot of people are mad.
Watching GCB Maria goes, 'I feel like this could be us. But were not good. We could be BCB. Bad Christian bitches.'
Check out our own Nicole Hershey, live on FOX8 right now representing EIFFEL SOCIETY :).
Just passed the state line we in louisanna yay
still got a couple. Please... u were a visionary! All is well, jack. Doing my best to twist grip and not get tired.
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
You guys get ready its going down May 20th!! Fire and Ice Showcase...
agreed! and SM makes it easy to track and document those exchanges that show interest. goscreen shots!
Rihanna can be as sexually suggestive as she wants because she's not using sex to trick minors into buying her records.
thx! Talk soon.
Cynthia Rice of : Convened expert clinical panel to provide guidance to #FDA and increased advocacy webinar
This person says Jen treats orioles fans bad. Anyone here met her in person? Heard she hugs and buys fans beers
Yummmmyy!! i must eat now =)) hungreeeeeeeeeeeeey
Old TV show that Disney used to show called Spellbinders. The main character played rugby.
I can't wait to use Representative Ryan's "coupons for healthcare" program.
when You shot the air doll outside the dealership & when you rolled the window up on Wes LOL. Baltimore, MD
If no politics were brought up, I'd be great with them. If it was, I'd get thrown out, haha.
what up
Man my mama snore LOUD AF !!!
# just remembered i got to go back to the church in the morning for #pathfinders.... #goodnight then. god bless!
7th bar has been added to the pub crawl! It's official! Full list of specials will be added to movemberbaltimore.com this week!
GOODNIGHT AND STAY BLESSED...TOMORROW IS ANOTHER DAY, RESTING NOW <3 XOXOXO
Sometimes I really miss ballet!
I love your language. I'm a proud big
Travis Porter Bad (: My favorite twerk song Ayy ladies ( :
Spending the day w/ my daddy!! One of my most favorite things to do in the world!!!
Can some1 tell me what the bump app is actually good for?! because I can never get it 2 transfer what I want.
when are you not in rare form??
Potstickers and pizza rolls don't work.
Made it to the start for the Country Music Marathon. Going from a 1500 race to a 30k + race = big increase in energy. Looking forward to run
I believe Elway when he says "it hurts." When Chargers AJ Smith says similar things---I don't believe it.
ayyyy but good luck to get watch the thrones
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life <U+2665>
Thank You so much for following us!!!(: <333
hey, y'all should play one of the new songs :) "bad as you wanna be"
AWESOME!!! makes a world of difference, doesn't it?
...it was about the ineffectiveness of current laws in preventing recidivism of sexual offenders. This is a known issue.
Hope you all are having an amazing weekend! Love you guys!!
Did you ever get the money back that you donated to ?
My head hurts :(
Organizing / strategizing / writing today. Gonna work late, then I have post-production tasks to accomplish in the morning. I'll be draggin.
Many people think because the hair is natural it is healthy. This is not the case. Many hair products have plastics and polymers.
The things i fucking do just so i can go have fun. Fml. An fuck sun burns.
Um, of course.
KATIE! And how do you know that?
Okay, so I watched the finale of the Bachelorette last night....how many of you knew she was going to pick Roberto from the get go? I did!
Going to go watch my dad play softball...this should be funny!
I can't keep track of all this basketball!!!!!
Same here! I just don't feel the need to sleep :p
WHO THA FUCK ARE YOU BITCHES? Crawl back into the shit holes you came from..
Hell Yeah!! LMAO
Establishing another medium in design is a trying venture.
for WTF Wednesdays with We got $1500 up for grabs! Come out and play!
I want to remember everything you say, cherish it all because what we have right now wont last. The past repeats itself.
Girls that get mad when they get hit while standing on the edge of the pit <
It's an honorable profession, as is being a nurse or teacher. All were once male professions.
Ha ! just put up the sports equivalent of the Kevin Bacon game w/the next to last network node being a golf ball ! Via...
welcome sweetie
I love my Twitter friends..... Y'all keep me laughing!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thank you to everyone that's used the #coupon so far.
He got that type of game. Its just westbrook be going Greedy to much smh
The sandlot is a gr8 flick. But Babe Ruth is not the greatest player of all time. That title belongs to Tyrus Raymond Cobb.
omg it's majestic. Well done Greeks.
Really wants to go to the zoo
I'm gonna beg my mom
Hey I looked in my car and I couldn't find your keys.
HI BEAUTIFUL..FOLLOW ME BACK..UR AWSOME :)
Happy Friday #Kizombalovers :)
10th row tomorrow night. forget jerseys does everyone have a suit to wear?
unfortunately no, I'll be in Europe
Thank you for the heads up! Link is now active again. Our apologies for the inconvenience...
Oh! Now I know why some of those books are $0. Excellent. Now to test out some behavioral economic theories on myself.
Julian has kid abs....But Mikey Has Sexy MAN Abs That You Just want to lick whip cream or something off of it(;
"WARREN WOLF" debut CD on Mack Ave w/ & Greg Hutchinson. Pick it up now, we swinging!!
Returned your call regarding Dartfish & your dissertation, hit me back when you have a moment & we can discuss it further.
is Twitter gold
haha me too :(
whats that about?
Going to the gym alone... Fml
... They lifestyle of being a celeb lol
perfect candidate. You're coming to work, not chat.
haha left him hanging
i don't remember. i rebooted my phone, i don't have time to figure it out now. sigh.
What is it about boyfriends who text twitter before you?
Yum! #makingmehungry and its still so far from lunch lol
Haters gonna hate and obstacles always comin! Bring in my fire! She's the ish ladies and gentlemen!
#beastmode Fielders son brought his stuffed animal MONSTER on the field
Yeah ! I hope it's not true !
Thanks to the beer curation folks for letting me stop by, even without beer! Sorry I couldn't stay longer. :)
I spilled coffee on the train AND THEN WIPED IT UP. Looking forward to hearing St. Peter call my name.
I know you are, its so sad RT : Darla! its serious!!!!! to! lol
Jamming Out To More ;D Oh Yeeshhh :)
Nice quote in The Globe. Sorry they had to mention the "smoky bar." Wouldn't happen in Boston or NYC.
- Now it's my turn to ask-Who's Kim King?? :-)
dam boring so far lets see whats up later who wana talk:) knw dat i got da hang of this :)
Oh yes! It will!
Thousands march in Japan gay pride parade - Ottawa Citizen
Very excited our NBC pitch was a success thanks to our amazing staff!!!
maybe. prob not.
I was tired three hours ago. Why am I still up?
Curious, why do you choose a sexy girl photo as you and your name is John?
Phil? His first name is Agent.
haha yes it is!! I must be part Cancer then somewhere cause I love it too!:)
On Videos tab you should see Live at the top. Or go to scores and look in top right corner.
only when I'm bored ha, u should go to long bar Wednesday havnt seen u in a hot min
Everyday is a new opportunity for greatness
Good night eeryone!
I like, can't even breathe right now. + Mustang = bye bye ovaries. GAHHHHHHH.
hey girl<3
Tell-Tale Heart reading.
not like you care!?
That's awesome. Been wishing for that for months. Glad Cashman smart enough to keep him. Big part of Team.
I still think they're better than braces:p
Just put like half of 's laptop in my mouth
awww thanks! we wont get a dime :(
Excited for this weekend! My pool will finally be in use!
I had to learn it for citations (I think?) and now that's all I use :)
Same, drinking my Starbucks, listening to music in the car, lol.
Fiesta time! One Day early :)
Follow my best friend <------- he's nice amazing BOYY
What exactly do they mean by "right vs wrong"? Who are they to say what is right on the show?
U should know where u want to end up before u begin
understandable lol, imma immature kid at heart
Ty doll,he had a staple put in his head w-o bein numbed 1st he did great!
Nothing like an outdoor shower during a thunderstorm.
CMS: Groom suggests that VA state academics as a whole could use a large network such as Wordpress to communicate and share information.
that looks like an eternity pool!
Huge farmers market this morning along Division St (beg. State Prkwy)
You really can't see it huh? The way she looks at you, isn't the same way she looks at other guys.
Everything is better drunk
Getting homesick from the SF episode of the #bachelor!
I just noticed that me and Iden are the only boys in Prieto's class
._______________________________. I give up.. he will NEVER follow me
What an awesome day! Be #thankful for and make the best of it!
yeah, i mowed my lawn today like i was trying to get it in before the snow. I enjoy the in between.
it is!! So excited for you :] <3
Who's out there watching right now?! He's AWESOME!
Ladies on #ToughLove should do PR 101 - always lead with positives
#deSym some games encourage conflict, why should griefing be out of bounds? Roland Wojak discussing griefing in virtual worlds
I am going to start a show, and review all the funny videos you neglect to! High five?? (High five was a question)
Goodnight! Sweet dreams!! :{)
im driving to skool right now
#protip The next time you are tempted to name dev talk after anything related to Steve Ballmer, reconsider. Exception granted: Ballmer Peak.
hunkering down to look at these #schematics. gotta get some more #schematics, who got the
Q Crew Radio just sent $50 to support The Special Olympics at Durkin's Tavern
After a week in Copenhagen I learned again: visit a city for 3 days and u have seen it all; visit for a week and u realize you need a year
Our office is without email, phone or internet today. Apologies in advance for delayed responses.
Oh, and tell the guys (ALL of them) that I'm busy extolling their AWESOMENESS to my new summer students today.
Im on the edge of my seat!
yeah, but what about the Halloween costume? Great to see you, btw.
Love following your tlchat posts btw. Thanks for some great links each day. i look for yours first!
also, true #nerd/geek/dorks would never claim the identity. in my prof. opinion it's twitter-specific self-deprecation psychology.
you at your moms still bro?
where is everyone. :(
how long did you leave them in there for? Neat idea! Is the icing in squares too?
for examples if people don't want to see the crew win because we have Braun I wouldn't call that hating
Bwahaha! Oh, girl. : Tired and a little hung over. Not gonna lie.”
If you had a choice to kiss me anywhere, where will it be??? :D
Nobody's perfect, but in my eyes, he is !
“ Sometimes a simple "hey" can mean everything.”
haters gonna hate, potatoes gonna potate
Johnson: TimeMap project leader to discuss past and potential future roles of social & location-based systems in teaching and research.
hey what's up?(:
#ACMisAmazing he defiantly is (:
yea they have alot of people and they keep u busy with auditions
so did you end up taking up a new residence from the show last night or hold off?
aye when you goin back
When that person has been there all along and you just realize what they mean to you
People who worked there don't seem happy. Heard one yesterday saying they never get over 19 hours
love it! You caught the Penelope! She was a superstar
Mark Helf sets for pretty little liar....amazing!!!!
again girl ok Lol
RT if u wanna have sex with me lol :)
hey im still here
I did! Lmao how was I freaking out?
Who would pass down a Horan Hug?
I'm thinking out loud like nigga we made it Yeah nigga we made it! #MFL (Classic Lines)
I'm sitting in the park in the sun enjoying my homemade gazpacho.
I have one of those relationships where I make people jealous.
Thanks. That's the goal!
"God match me with a good dancer." - Shakespeare
We make freaky movies
I hear the train a' coming...
All the trends suck right now. -.-
Inspired by archivists'toolkit lighting talks
BTW thanks Curtis!!!!!
y are u Jews going against David Weprin who is also a Jew ???
OH: "What's so sketchy about taking off all your clothes, at 1am, and going into the lake?"
I lasted about 5 years then magically they had no work anywhere in the south east.
Hello I have friends who dream Haha but first there is the Face and Twitter
A person can either drive himself or be driven; motivation makes the difference.
watched High Cost of Living. Wonderful performances by all, truly a uniquely moving picture.
Are you a Jew for Jesus? Someone's making a delivery to your house. I'm baptising all the pets, just in case.
In "The Children Star," Slonczewski's "terraforming" concept echoes Willa Cather's warnings about overworking the land in O Pioneers!
I told you it was stinky :/
hi Kate. I was just being sassy last night. has that effect on me.
Sandy from Memphis isnt sold on Lou's cell phone service
Number game! Tweet me numbers
OH YES YOUR ON I REALLY HOPE YOU SEE THIS I DO PLEASE SEE THIS! && PLEASE!!!!!! FOLLOW ME?(: PLEASE?(: PLEASE PLEASE...... (:
I'm thinkin.. This just proves that we didn't even try in the SEC tourney. We didn't need it. Ha!
Happy Birthday!!!
George Zimmerman needs to get the chair
Oh YEAH *cb voice* ;D
im in love with you,
I don't have time for foolish games
Last Minute Specials to stay @ Caesar's Palace this WEEKEND $528 for two nights 9/4/10 to 9/6/10 book @ www.myvegaspeople.com
because it just means there are some level of expectations. Doesn't necessarily mean they will be met
Whoo it's my birthday :) Love you guys!!
Just went through a law school intervention courtesy of and
You too ! Oh, and it's just my feet that are working hard...in these heels.
“: The people pissed that Hunger Games characters weren't white are really going to shit when they find out about Jesus.”
Publishers: are you looking for the next good writer or the next marketable brand?
I'm so hungry I can eat a horse
I'm in DC today :( But I'' be sure to let people know!
could you tweet me them pleasee!!!! I'd really appreciate it! Haha
haha ..same here
At All Star Park today for Green Mtn and W Ridge. Big 4A Jeffco baseball game. Brian Roth and Irv Brown on the call.
Diamond View Farms. They have a wide variety of saddlebreds for all types.
*agreeing w EL James*: "People should have the right to read what they like."
I love the movie Valentines Day .. And seeing .. Definitely never gets old.
is my only follower. great. let's talk about rock n roll.
How do you get into casting games for starcraft?
WEIRD ENDING BUT WIN IS A WIN LETS GO MEMPHIS!
A sign that someone likes your food is when they make noises while eating it.
#ILostMyVirginityTo My Skateboard It Stuck Me In The Ass Haha.
I'm sure you're talking about the only 2 lesbians on fire island
Thanks for the information! I will register for the conference and tell my friends to do the same.
We look forward to seeing you! Let us know if we can answer any questions between now and then.
since nobody is coming to the stream the challenge will be delayed till tomorrow
we are on board and following them now too :-). Thanks!
just saw your tweet, that sucks. Sorry to hear of that.
Haha hiding the doorbell thing in your pocket and repeatedly pushing it and annoying everyone! >>>
Don't let your past affect your present. The past cannot be changed, erased, edited, or forgotten, it can only be accepted.
Sometimes the best thing to do is to face your fears.
Feeling good. Not sleepy yet
It's true. I cannot be milked.
The root is growing slowly, but healthily. I give thanks to all my loyal twitter followers and Facebook fans. Love is the magician!
Expect random French tweets, from yours truly
Fuck all of the haters, really though. I have respect for people, but if you're not gonna accept his apology then just sit the fuck down.
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
this will require a diagram I think....
Honest and accountable, got to love it! - RT : We don't take nights like Saturday lightly, we hope you'll give us another shot.
#SophiaGrace and #Rosie are too cute.
I've been waiting 2 see them again, & I know that they know, I think they take control of human bodies at will, then go 2 the next at will.
Nice halftime adjustment, Lakers.
RT : Am I the only one that finds it impossible to hold a grudge? I honestly just can't stay upset with someone.
And the Cubbies, they... err... nm : "At least the Bears traded for Brandon Marshall right?" - Half-glass full Bulls fans.
Looking forward to a summer session from Sunoikisis at the Center for in June! Hurray for Late Antique literature.
no problem ! It was done so good I like it ! How long did it take ?
We have 2 teach kids, collaborate w/colleagues, have professional learning time, and school meetings. 3 of 4 needed 4 learning
Awesome show tonight at Dobbs!! 93.3 WMMR Artist of the month showcase ft. The Jackson Rider w/ American Aquarium, the Tressels, ray ward!
New GL photoshoot today. New pics to come soon!
Obama, by way of that awful opening day throw, might be the wimpiesr president ever.
Quick poll for #twitterstorians and other #academics: What is a good pace for words per minute in an academic presentation?
Memories take us back, Dreams take us forward.
Agreed! RT RT Purpose of social business is to create a customer who creates a customer
Crazy how even through feelings of inadequacy God can STILL get the glory out it! Well, technically that's always the case..
ur the reason im always smiling I love you
RT : Did they hack A-Rod's cell yet? RT Appearing on Fox News Channel to discuss A-Rod shortly.
Why not?
Celebrate the first (chilly!) day of December with a peppermint mocha made with fresh, locally roasted espresso.
I get a lot out of but I wonder if they've ever actually used their app or website to listen to music. Such a poor UX.
I'm just wondering if Ben is being deadpan ALSO. #andhowWASgirls?????
thank you!
Wonder what girls think about me lol
Hoping to be able to to make it to tweet-up-- hair appt at 4:30, online elluminate session at 8, I'll def try to come for a bit
Steven Glandsberg'd it.....
I hate it when Persian asks me if I'm Persian. Nothing GOOD ever comes from that question.
ss ready ta get fitted n hit da city..gettin kinda addicted to it lol
1/2 Marathon training schedule released -- www.Run4Purpose.com
Accountability partners in work outs & life can be a blessing or a curse. Choose wisely as if your life depends on it, & it does.-Zach Marcy
Less than 3 weeks until tutu time... who wants to go on a Dirty Ball detox diet with me haha. (Must pick detox diet that allows for wine. ;)
Your tweets make me smile and when I think of you, my heart melts <3
Who wants to see some new designs from very soon? Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
It just won't end. How will cena vs the rock matchup.
So Saint Rows 3 next week.... Gotta cop it...
anything worth having is worth the FIGHT
Build your community one person at a time
excitedly working on the finishing touches of my roster, my album, and my spirit... it's been a refreshing spring :D
did you move up to Green Bay yet to start the gig with the ?
Cause I got friends in low places where the whiskey pours and beer chases my blues aways and I'll be okay
Any ideas for Halloween Costumes?
lol that's a great price. Maybe I will have to convince my better half to go Saturday.
Very powerful & insightful look at ugly side of entertainment & how greed can take over. Wonder Mike was gracious, humble and my idol.
a billion MVPs wouldn't help your legacy problems
Close friends lost their daughter this past weekend. She was in her 20's. My heart is broken and prayers with them. Oh so sad.
want Jones to win. Haven't had time to do a video :(.
Godda give it to the sets for knocking us off our game. Finding a new look for after the break
I was just thinking that. Watched that episode today!!
its deep cuts for those who vote dem and free $$$ for the wealthy and corporations. Tell me this isn't open class warfare.
Sister's house for lunch with mommadukes :)
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
Selling Card Caddies Outdoor Business Card Holders $14.95
That cocksucker always knows what he's talking about. That's why he's a fucking idiot.
can jerk! RT if you love how he jerk
Kambale: 20 years ago it was extremely difficult for human rights groups to have a dialogue with govt about their data
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pump their own #septic tank
Just finished editing 2 articles..... G'night!
RT : I want those sunglasses!!! I'll even poke my eyes out and wear contacts just so I can sport them! Lolol. Order info on way
S/O to the new followers following the team , , , , ,
PLENTY to laugh at.
Did you get your tickets and bus reservation in for #Rapids #may19 #mybirthday ???
“: I dont care what anyone sayss I like boys who can dance.”<U+E412>
Follow me n I follow back <U+E056>
because food gives you energy to party
RT Effective diet exercise. Always think ur half full instead of half hungry.
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same...
Amazing job this weekend KDA Company Dancers! I am so proud of what you accomplished this weekend. I love you all!
I hate rain. So much.
Finals result a foregone conclusion? I think so. Heat win. NBA ordains it. See promo ads w/James & Bosh w/the trophy they have yet to win.
Too bad you'll be gone during the day tomorrow
The problem is whether there's anything left to be done/finding a relevant self... an inventor at heart I'm afraid.
TSOI - LA is checking out The Hundred In The Hands tonight. Love the record hope they are as good live.
This game is shitty
"Adult adoptions happen often", exsqueeze me - baking powder?
PAMwide RT. Sitting at the discussion table for data curation and mgmt.
S/o to teamcancer... The sweetest people on earth :-):-)but also the meaniest if provoked..
Mom just got a Facebook. Great. Time to change my privacy settings.
"The Lynnette I knew wouldn't be happy sewing on buttons." Katherine to Lynnette
I just CANNOT gets enough of Twitter! #TeamFollowBack , #TFB , #iFollowBack ™
I saw you at Gee Willies....lmao
You may lose more often than you win, but a single win might overshadow all of your previous losses.
Hell is Gods jail and believe, he will sentence you.
Love early mornings, hate loud & ignorant neighbors!
Lets go Floyd! RT : Watching the fight with & It's bout to be on!
Great frisbee game! and everybody else that played!
A miracle is but an everday happenstance when we BELIEVE!
mom said yes but i have to clean before i go .
i'm so bored, someone kik me. Joleenicious.
Now this Phillies game is interfering with State of the Union on the Comcast Network... A show nobody knew existed
When blows up my phone and sends me every. Single. Emoji <<<
It Really is bruh lol RT : Slapping is so much more disrespectful
#WhatMakesAGirlHappy is when you treat her like you haven't treated anyone else :)
I already followed her like 30 mins ago dude CHILL
Well you must be one special employee too!
Who decides to do road work on the interstate and the bypass at the same time? No wonder I'm not a civil planner.
nothing going on to much. its gone be slow motion until july.azfter that i may be freed
“What you do today is important, because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.” -Unknown
whtever... NEW WAVE Different BITCh... I MEAN BEACH!!! HAHAHA
Loved the Zombies and Jay Reatard covers. Today is such a good day.
my picture editor is on a slow train thru the redwood forest, come on girl wake up, post post post em if you gottem please :)
Just got my copy of FightClub in the mail today :)
Lets talk dirty
cnt wait to see you cousin, got alot to catch up on
Jim Hmurovich from PCAA has been vital in the national
The official hashtag for the American Academy of Religion - Society of Biblical Literature conference is #sblaar. See you there! :o)
Supa Excited Again! Can't wait 4 's Live In Atlanta album release this yr! Great late night studio session w/my real sis Gels!
Isn't it beautiful to hear the birds singing as spring grows?
The last link existed for a long time until 2010.
good luck bud. Bring it home.
#WeAreYoung Love that song! Makes me smile (:
Better get your bags packed Indiana, because were out for blood
"Girls" is my favorite part of my week. There's something wrong with this.
Noted :-) oww thank u RT : Ghost!!!!! Makes me cry everytime
LeBron be looking like he finna cry when they lose...
Relieved to report that my youngest's rendition of "I'll be back" comes from the wolf in 3 Little Pigs, not Arnold.
What happen to the real bitches and when i say bitches i mean no harm
like the lovecraft/leviathan storyline and happy cas is back, hope they bring back bobby
Willing to travel?
With Visimeet's recorder, you can send past recorded meetings to anyone in your contact list
thanks ! you're awesome, like TOTALLY awesome!
: You're welcome! Everyone, check out !
Need information on registering to vote? Want to get registered? Stop by the Urban League lobby TODAY!!
Happy Monday! Enjoy the nice weather we are having today in
I wanna text u but I feel like I'm being annoying.
CANNOT WAIT FOR TONIGHT! oh how i have missed seeing damon salvatore.
RT Nice win by the #Sixers now it's time to #ThunderUp!
I'm watching mama Mia and it's painful, but I just can't avert my eyes
thats just fine--least now i have some closure and get his ass off my bench. Doing the Newt' Dance the rest of the way
there's gotta be an outlet somewhere. Lol
Happy Pi Day! What's your favorite pie?
and i'm always buying drinks.... #karaoke tonight at Seven Ultra Lounge 1270 N Milwaukee 7pm-12am
ALMOST 200 followers thank you for following you !!!
A win for humanity either way since #Watson was made by people. I'll root against the first computer made by a computer, I promise!
Welcome aboard. “: That sound you just heard? Me jumping on the bandwagon.”
Chill night with my cousin! <3
Loss Weight: Google Alerts - loss weight: menopause and weight ...
thanks Becky, I look forward finding your wines, loved your Hartwell story, & admire Hedi Barrett whom I've spoken with -
Yeah #boniver ! Local boy! He looks like a total Wisconsin dork just like he should! Shout out to Eau Claire!
things kansas city people say
Fly before you fall.
Bonus army
hahaha our lives :P
Kick off the start of the new 2011-2012 school year by attending #IUPUI New Student Welcome: Sun, Aug. 21 Food, games & prizes UC Courtyard
QUESTION: "How did you see those cuts and run like that?" BARRY SANDERS: "I see the same things u do but u just can't get there..." LOL
The present religious practices the world over are far removed from spiritual education.
ugh!! good luck!
getting high from bleaching my kitchen- its the new cocaine.
USA USA USA Softball team finishes off Japan for a World Cup win! Hoorah!
I predict students will love it, librarians will hate, and English teachers will wait and see how they cheat w/it.
AGAIN! YES<3 CAN'T WAIT TO GET THIS ON MY IPOD<33 OH GOD<33 IT'S JUST SO PERFECT<3 #ProudMahomie(:
Probably will retire. But that's a big IF.
hey hey all you sexy people! alexis here!!! all new pics and ready to play!!! check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
yeah I did mine last night. Its short. Don't want to guess on much. Ppl freak
: We avoid risks in life, so we can make it safely to death?
Why is it so cold?!
Finished up school and note have a shiney new CDL. Go me. Soon there will be tutorials done on the road!
so true!
Sometimes GOOD people make BAD choices. It doesn't mean they're bad...it means they're HUMAN!
Looking at Alia's prom pics. This girl look like a movie star!
Once upon a time Good Sport ran a bike expo. It was little. Nothing like the impressive 3/24-25! We can't wait.
Did Glee just win?!?!
Broke my pants
The Story Continued, Part 3 ...Hello Hawaii! - Fun times with the ...
Can't Wait!!!
Welcome to twitter ...How about a follow back??
Life goes on... #Heat fans
''contraception causes unwanted pregnancies just the same way fire extinguishers cause fires.'' Stephen Colbert
I know right...! Well, any means necessary to interact with the ppl. Thx for the follow too!
The Day The Music Died.
I would love to go out to Cali.
death by boobs
ok i will check it out!
Where there's a will, there is a way? Just a thought
Bill Tierney speaking on gaming and higher ed at
About 2hit dha bahamas wont be back til sunday
"The joy of tourism is the return to youth and innocence."-, Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day
Your firms' and attorneys' experience is the only unique thing you offer clients, capture it! Deborah McMurray
(check mark)R
a little bossa nova to brighten up writing on a grey day. works for me.
Look at me Forest!!!
I am in the 91st percentile for brackets, by far a personal best
I could really use a wish right now.........
Students seek info/explanation in class if the teacher sucks regardless of school
Um no the service desk is not the checkout. Gd
I'm pretty sure search engines don't differentiate "advisor" from "adviser." I see blended results all the time.
#ObamaSummerJobs - Dust Collector
It's going to be one hell of a summer<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
It took me so long to follow you back because i dont have a smart phone.
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
DJ Shadow!
yes, but what state did he leave you in???
Barnes and Nobles 50 Shades of Gray event absolutely packed, but no one is in costume.
if you swap first initials you are FartinMouth
Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean I'm not being followed...
mari left w his papa
yes Lo and you're my best friend. Well, pretty much sister !!
" You don't take a photograph, you make it. - Ansel Adams
Just found an old #acappella album. Sweet
Agreed. Not just following and being following but organizing those streams into lists, circles, etc. Ongoing process.
indirectly wasn't your father partially responsible for taking away your job then? Was that pulling strings.
That rocks! Caught a glimpse of you on the MCF video! I've always thought it would be fun to work in a video game! =D
If the stories are to believed here, ISG herself is doing the haunting. :) (2/2)
If you believe in your company, your product, and believe in yourself you will be successful via
Thanks for RTs & kind words!
thank you so much for advise, this is all great. your subsurf.wiki is awesome! you just need some more non-spam contributors! ;)
's Girls feels like the flip side to John Cassavetes' Husbands, in a very good way.
So wise Jen.. lol RT Lies!!!! It's the butts RT : #40yroldvirginWisdom Remember guys. Life isn't about butthole pleas
Shh girl shut your lips do the hellen keller & talk with your hips !
And furthermore my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
Two more days til MethLab auditions! Who's trying out?
#NBARefs are a JOKE. Sick of dudes Floppin (i.e. PrinceJames). Too many phantom fouls & charge calls. Stern Cmon?
From the sound of it.. has al the food ... If it ain't bbqs..... It's flammin hots lol
hm what should i wear..ha if my mama was here she would say clothes..no ma like im going to walk outside buckie naked lol
#thxkris Wishing all the best and a happy retirement to Kris Dielman. #GO CHARGERS
Getting ready for to rock this party out. Let's go SF.
What did you think of our first “Nostalgicon”? We can't wait to share our next icon with you! Make sure to check us out again next...
Yeah Buuddddyyy!! You're Gonna Be 13 Bro!
At my age the body stops needing so much dairy. Yet I still suckle at the teat of life!
it's awesome!(:
nope, individual social presence for each venue now.
Me too, I don't want to have to buy a 56 jersey in any other colors. RT : I really hope that trade stuff was just rumors!!!
okay get some rest I know you're in tough situation
Theres a mosquito bite on my face o.e
It feels like we've been living in fast forward.~
They say my Clothing Line is going to be bigger than Sean John...but my goal is set to be bigger than Aeropostale! Retweet that my friends!
• If you don't follow you need to get on that. Some of the funniest posts I've ever read.
Don't leave it in the hands of the judges.
I need you more than anything & you won't talk to me .. Thanks .. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Headed into the city for my first day with Red Frog Events! I'm excited to get started!!!
Hello, do you have a reporter covering the AAAE conference in PHX currently? We would like to contact him or her. Thanks!
School is boring ._.
“: Favorite crews : RNG, Mos Wanted Crew, and Elektrolytes.” Same here
I wonder if she'd be mad at me if I gave her the
it just kinda happens? God's hands- not mine!
We're very pleased to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
at Elmo in Chelsea on 19th...great drinks and the desert is to die for!!
Ugh i hate it when you leave
I got floyd by decision. I'm even interested to see if Mosley still got it. AND UFC before that! These are night men dream abt!
Maybe my first tweet wasn't fair. Tweeting might be better than texting. Just stick a fork in me if the bulk of my tweets become "ok."
A good portion of the Bay Area is going to be sleep deprived today (including myself). Drive safe people.
BIG TY to those that helped us make our March Match Challenge! Extra special awesome to Sue and Jay Lichter for their generous $5000 gift!
Man, next time I will! Thang was packed, didn't think to just walk up with my horn. I'ma try to catch yalls next hit there
I'm starting to see again!!! those stupid drops they give u make u go blind!!!
Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion
ed teachout found iphone on the ground. i called a number dialed a lot to say we'd hand it to security. dude works for security. reunited!
not guna happen 4 me 2nite my back is killin me was hurt in a car accident & sum nites just hurts 2 bad 2 sleep
Yeah , How are you?
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 7
I'm going to miss Roth, Pritchard, and Verdell.
I feel the same way, but I hate the Bradley center so I feel slightly better.
Imagine Stan Van Gundy's post game presser tonight if the Magic lose to the Bobcats. It will be an all-time classic.
Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
eCommerce Website Optimization Tips & discussion on how you can take advantage of Cyber Monday in 2011
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
Eastet egg hunts are so fun!
RT : www.edugarage.com - documentation on Blackboard's open APIs
#Notts are off the mark
there isn't a public link but I will work on getting something that we can share.
Oh Mi Holtby *fanning myself after that split save.
if if if comes to 900 tweets thank you very much to everyone I go by the 1000 apollaron thank you very much I love<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
This lady at church called the children's choir RATCHET.
Pretty cool camera! Not right for me right now, but will definitely watch it. Thanks!
Good work neighbors!
oops! Slippery dinner fingers resulted in premature tweet. Have fun!
maybe or they just got there
Happy Jacks will be closed until Friday, May 18...thank you for you understanding and patronage...hope to see you next week...Happy Jack
Wishing Packer great Nick Collins () the best & hopeful he can make a safe & successful return to the game eventually.
Awww. Well at least you'll be there a little.
wtf is temple run
We are open until 3am. Late night Tortas FTW!
Seriously people they are past the half way point, register now or spill tears in the corner as we unconference like its 1999
lol or sisters keeper... Have you seen that?
Never fear! We're Hootsuite certified!
Even clouds can't ruin a weekend when my bestie is in town! Esp when we're about to hit up #smorgasburg yum!
Just saw a vanity plate that said "IWRK247" - don't think that's something I would advertise. All work and no play is no good!
Theres finally a place where PATIENTS can give their opinion to other PATIENTS about the hospital experience! help us spread the word.
MY GRANDFATHER'S WORK WAS DO DO !!!
I watched four movies almost back to back yesterday. If that is what being a pro film critic is like, it's exhausting.
sweet dreams
That's what you call a shower flow #lt *cough cough*
Floor to ceiling inspiration at party in Uptown!
Good morning , ladies and gentleman we are here for you're commuting entertainment.
Miguel Tejada is still a free agent!
ugh wat a long day this was
I believe it - must try. Thanks!
We will be ready when you are! RT : I'll have to get the guys (+me!) to plce an order soon. :)
Yes! New Reno visitor center on Sierra St. RT : Friday may 11th from 5~8 we will be hosting a grand opening reception, open to all.
Never thought I would thank a DALEK, but thanks.
What channel?? RT : Well color me happy! There's a sofa in here for two.
Considering a dress to>>
That awkward moment when you ask starbux for a fork to eat your leftover thai food... most halarious date ever with
ain't nothin else to do
Oh Knicks, you self-imploding roster of idiots... I #RigSoHard for you, but you squander it all! Dummies!
Why do we change our clocks on a Sunday night? Most people are off on the weekend when it makes the most sense to do it on Saturday. Stupid.
you're hot..
Lil bro partied hard last night that nigga still sleep! Lol....Hangover
meh, the AppKit team has been doing that since before Xcode
9 days till I'm a star!
Thanks for the RT!! :)
I hear that, been feeling that way for a while.
#oomf need to get available tonight...
awe he's adorbs!
Listen girls, youre not fooling anybody... You don't like hockey. Fuckin puck sluts.
Can i get follow guys as a valentine gift plz plz.love ya
Life's too short to wait for to respond to a text or a call #nevergonnahappen am I right
TAI webinar: An overview of Indiana Artisan Wed. Sept. 14, at 2 p.m. Indiana Artisan is the State of Indiana’s organization for...
There are always that one bump in the road of life
yes! Same here. I thought I'd take advantage of that super quiet hour between lunch and when school gets out.
I guess President Obama can write off the pit bull lovers' vote. (Except, of course, of the culinary variety.)
WTH - Billy Crystal did blackface last night? So glad I didn't watch.
PARTY PARTY PARTY. And then get to see my girlfriend later tonight <3
The words of a wise man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself. -- Ecclesiastes 10:12
The Michael Jordan #ESPN commercial is brilliant!
What activities count as true exercise for a healthy lifestyle? - Gadsden Times
ah yaaaaay :D
ibeen doing that were u been @ ?
But its been like a year since I haven't been a Unicorn. ;D
it hurts so much
One of my best days in training :) did so much and helped so many people :)
~ Boo. This makes me sad.
lololol awesome. U need to put a bus pass in your rider.
That was the finale? Darn it.
just saw your video of "One Direction Haters" thank you! I'm not just saying b/c i am directioner but b/c it's the truth!
Now Rush is complaining about "overeducated single white women"...yeah because he can't bully them. What a dick.
Beyonce's "Broken-Hearted Girl" breaks my heart every time I listen to it. It's such a beautiful song that I SHOULD NOT BE LISTENING TO RN.
right after!
story was incredible, best XMen movie yet! Did you find yourself becoming a fan of magneto?
Unfollow this page now and follow my new onee
Perfect weather for a long run and some serious laying out time. Happy Monday to me.
I'm full then a bitch mane loud and good food got me sleepy
LIVE tonight 10pm
So long, Encyclopedia Britannica. I have such fond memories of looking up slightly inappropriate subjects in elementary school and giggling.
First meeting master meeting with M3 tomorrow! Sprint 1
You just graduated and are employed. Treat yourself to the one you really want.
Resin plant blast put global auto output at risk; industry dodges a bullet -- this time Although fears of a nylon resin shortage appeared
So, that's about $13.5k per actual job in that listing? I think my math is correct.
Cool. You get to seen my addictions to motorcycles and science topics along with movies.
wha what? Ive been off the street too long.
Drove past there last summer, pretty place. WIll have to see how remote we can get. Daddy likes isolation.
When you photograph people in colour you photograph their clothes. But when you photograph people in B&W, you photograph their souls
All new jersey shore today
MALAYSIA...A THE WINNER <3 <3
I love my lady to death I might not be the most sensitive. But I'll never hurt you love you baby!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Dear , your tech is sexy
arrrg. Was gonna be there tonight
hey gorgeous what's up
you know I needs the medicine in order to perform these operations
Had a great day with him yesterday though..he makes my days feel awesome and relaxing.
Pitch time #startnorfolk!
on check him out. Great D/FW talent
Hate when ppl waste my time in class by talking about things that've nothing to do w/what we're discussing.Sorry u've no life to get back to
So who wants to go to opry mills 2day...??
Miss you too love bug
CakePHP's documentation has switched over to the 1.3 sections of the book. This is a good thing.
Could you wait a few hours at least? #really?
it seems like just yesterday u had 10k followers, no posters on ur wall&still used ShootUsDown. never forget ur mahomies, ok?<U+2665>
Did you get email? :)
Fully believe everything happens for a reason.. Yup, that really did just happen.
yea I always wanted to be a model since I was a little kid
not much just chillin
I'm off to yoga! Lol wish me luck!
Book I've been reading: Bob Hope's book about the Presidents he has known (11 of them!)
wax on wax off motherfuckers!!!
you, too!
thank you all for for the tweets n the following new pics will come soon dont forget to send a friend
Malcolm X Dallas that where its at
Happy Anniversary to ! House was packed, Mules were delicious.
RT Who ever said Wheaties is the breakfast of champions has obviously never had leftover pizza.
Thanks to the awesome staff at for accommodating my large party on very short notice. Very sweet people here.
yeah! Come hang out!
Happy bday to me...also Happy bday ! Its our day!
excited to have Mr. behind that bar again tonight. Challenge him to come up with a tasty libation just for you!
um be patient sis.
#burn notice and #suits. Thurs ritual. Enjoying with
A year from now Ill look back & Smile Big, bcuz I went thru all the BS to make it where I will be. So Problems & Negativity...BRING IT!
I love how the most prominent thing to come out of the recent events so far has been SPAM.
As a rule I don't root for NY teams. That rule is trumped in this series by ALWAYS rooting against the Devils (See wings v. devils 1995)
oh shit #Np Meeting in my bedroom
Thank you! Hope you enjoy my midnight scribble ^-^*
Dig Your Own Hole - The Chemical Brothers
oh the dog-eating thing!!
I would, however, like to hear more from a #Republican who is more about common sense reform, and the expansion of liberty.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.-Oscar Wilde
Just looking @ scratch, is it a secure site? My school blocks so many things...
Ooh the advantages of #blonde hair and #blue eyes
what's up? Your killing us. PPPPPPLLLLLLLEEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEE!!!!!
it seems fair, god needs something to smoke on his one day off
no, James is my bb again, hehe.
I'm putting brakes on my daughter's 2004 Malibu. Everything froze up before she told me she was having stopping issues...what a project
Im start being selfish fuck dis giving and caring shit
what side of vegas you from bro
Ha ha, thank you for your input. It is very kind of you to offer advice on my intestinal problems.
Daily GTKY question: What song have you heard in movies the most?
thank you sweetie...i do the best I can
Just saw #Cabin - no spoilers but holy sh*t was it good! Worth the wait.. Kudos
Come to the Circle for lunch today! Red Kettle Cookout! anchors grilling burgers!
I would love to. After Alice...
Just walked past american idol top ten on 4th and market. Annoyed they were blocking the sidewalk.
thanks! I enjoyed meeting you as well. Shoot me a message if you have any questions about !
R.I.P. MCA #BeastieBoys always legends
One of the books in the giveaway I just RT'd is #TheMonstersDaughter :)
#TEDxNYED emcee apologizes to corporations whose names were taken in vain by A nice reminder of the TED ethos.
Thank you, for your support!
Vantage Point looks good, but I prefer swords, weird guns, etc. I like my assassins to be as impractical as possible.
RT : Yea so def missed that 6am flight... lol but airport bound now!
Only if he was suspended without pay.
Smdh, some people just don't understand.
Ha Ha Hahaa, Holy Shit Your Face Is Funny HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA….
Now time to take the dog out to pee!
#YouKnowYoureAGemini when it's physically impossible to just do one thing at a time.
On the plane in buffalo headed to NY then on to PAP. Team is great!
I see all these people fighting over twitter cause they trusted eachother. that is EXACTLY why you TRUST. NO. BITCH. no matter what.
Beginning to think I need to get an attorney involved because Sprint isn't concerned about overcharging customers.
i was just very disturbed by mariah carey's jenny craig commercial. when did she go skinny? where was jenny after i had my twins?
Breaking News! Lebron James traded back to Cavaliers!
I can smell him and all I do is listen to him..
<---- May be the only person in-house with a Twitter acct.
thank you! :D
Michelle Williams as Marilyn Monroe.
It was a great film! I am convinced if you leave a #Muppets movie and you're not smiling, then you are dead inside.
nope I'm good ..extremely tired but good
hang in there.
You can also text 101861 to 73774 (which spells PEPSI) to Vote for Operation: Sound Off! Thank you for your support!
Jazz Legend JEFF HAMILTON joins the line up for The Big Drum Bonanza!
BB7 is now hiring Controls Engineer and Controls Engr Mgr in Lodi, WI - perm placement at top client. email resume to
#no_tents Please push for more permanent shelters. Tents are NOT the solution. It's a waste of money!
admits to not knowing how lotion works
thanks for the support have a nice day
great explanation
Edibles are a great way for patients to medicate discreetly!
": I may be a sheep under the chinese calendar but I am KILLING this 2-5 game. Up $960! In the Zone!" Way to go!!!
AND DAVID RULE!! Thanks for the ride!!
getting excited for a big wknd ahead! #nyfw shows annd makeovers! Team
Just finished a great workout! Stoping and getting the dogs some bones and settling in for another WI sports Sunday!
getting the same. Baby steps I guess?
Good luck! Once I send my 2nd kiddo off to college, I may be back on the market. Keep me in mind, for the future.
thank the lord. :)
Damn lol.. good looking!
in the lab putting in work. Good stuff.
Savage U.. This show is hilarious.
Im out
Thanks for recent RT! Lovin' all of your support!
just picked up my cap & gown from the Suffolk book store!!!! ah
Dear self: "someone is wrong on the internet" is not a valid excuse for being late.
cell phone got a phat ass antenna lookin azz
Never really knew what human traficking was until today,breaks my heart and We can ALWAYS do something about it... Starts with prayer
Well , looks like this is another show to see when I get back from touring in October!! Can't wait to see it ! :)
hope you pick us a day
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
When you see someone get bitch slapped it is the funniest fucking thing ever! :D
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
I rise for my niggas!!
productive as a mo-fo today! feels great! a lot of things have been opening up as I've opened up and changed my perception... eyeing the sky
whatever. they suck. Nick Case for President of Twitter!
My sunburns are so bad that even getting goosbumps hurts like a bitch
YES! hit 200 followers just now. He has to start using Twitter again!
In a good ass mood ! Woo !
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle RT
I'm usually not one for remakes, but the new Total Recall with Colin Farrell looks pretty darn good. I hope they don't muck it up.
Wow, I can't believe how hard it's raining today in South Florida! We have the TV volume on 42 so we can hear it!
that's all I'd really need it for too. I send all my lenses off to the Canon factory. But even in SF that was hard to find!
lololol RT : Bow Wow show on June 3 at Buchanan's Event Center - Canceled
rain makes my hair look really pretty
el-oh-el!
hi love. How r u??
15 days of school left, 14 with students...but who's counting?!?
Marshall and Cutler will be reunited. The smug douchy QB and his eccentric screw-loose WR together again.
Oh haha! I don't remember?
Stop by Booth 1111 at #ALFA2012 to see Silverchair Learning Systems!
Danngg. Not gonna lie... I do too!! Haha
Winners from Iran and Pakistan. Mullah 's hair on fire.
Strange to say but, when I was a homeless drunk life seemed stress free.
Listening to Franz Ferdinand in the Mace office today.
worth mentioning that I really enjoy your photos.
Whose gassing that hoe? bp? Hm, thinks 678 bitch ain't got a car!!
Dare to dream and dare to love.
OMG, worlds colliding!
Jut found out my friends Austin and Sydney are coming to Nashville with us during CMA Week! #Party!
Dont forget the Full MV for SJ Opera comes out next week!
I left my work badge somewhere, it has my name on it. Pretty sure anyway.
thanks for pub - hopefully see you out at
Pick me
The loudest sound on earth is the unbearing silence
On my way up
RT "Consistency" gets results and "Efficiency" gets them fast!
heeeyyy can i have a shoutout??? :)
I wish I could deliver you both late night ! Thank you:-)
please follow gurll
To be perfect is not real
- I finally found my micro SD card adapter got around to ghost imaging my card - got most of my data back! Thanks for the idea!
Girl time in full swing
We like your persistence. RT : Yes! ...Sell Frozen Pizza At Grocery Chain N Elkhart! Pleez! We Luv #monicals!
The and Continental deal was all stock, so you'd think they could find the cash to hire a UX designer. The new site blows.
Just landed in Berlin & drove past so many interesting places on way to hotel. Can't wait to explore. Will let u know insights!
We do, and it is! RT I didn't know had luxury cars. Rock Creek Parkway is way more fun in a BMW.
not all beers are for everyone. I can appreciate a good stout, but it's not, nor will it every be, a favorite style of mine.
Fan us for a chance to win both, the true blue romance, Sleeping love just released today & romantic sci-fi adventure, Was Once a Hero.
Thanks! Just started pinning today...we hope it takes off! :)
FR3$H TO DEATH
On the road to Kansas City!
Bumping some Amy Winehouse. Why don't u come on valeraaaaay!
umm we ain't spoken in weeks ; you don't have the right to tell me to shut up .
it's okay:) and yeah:/ it sucks.... Hows your knee?:)
If you were born lucky, even your rooster will lay eggs. ~ Russian Proverb
me three!
check it out...it's awesome!
Always great to see you at Dobsons ! You don't have to wait til wine competition in April!
RT : i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9.
i followed you. please follow instead of following me back.
Thanks, Heather RT
Submitting my own AASL/ALA presentation proposal for 2013. I have never done one on my own. See what happens!
You too cute to be working at 5 guys
See how many mentions I get....fuck y'all opinion tho..
Had a great first day at my internship, now off to a red carpet event in Beverly Hills! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Lol RT : Why does Chris Paul look like LOL
can u follow me since i followed u?
RT : Sick of daily deals in your inbox every day? YipIt aggregates them for you and only shows you the ones you'd like:...
likewise - and I vote for cookies
im not mad ?
and that was a great cut by Johnson, not a great play design.
Another fantastic message. God is using you in a mighty way and the message He gave you to share spoke to my heart.
Great! Let's do it soon! Maybe Monday??
Lunch with my mama on a Tuesday afternoon. Life is great.
Are you there God? It's me, Kenny Chesney.
S/O to !! :) GO FOLLOW HER!!! DO IT NOW! She loves Vinny Castronovo as u can see in her name, and she does amazing imagines!
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
I'm naked underneath my clothes.
"He is your praise and He is your God; who has done these great and awesome things for which your eyes have seen." ~Deut.10:21
crankin is actually the technique we have just recently gotten serious about....it is addicting! You will have a ball mastering it
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drinker, we go to parties.
We leave in a few hours for Amsterdam!!
i should show this to friends who think im crazy about
Yes, working another night shift. Today 1-9pm. Tomorrow i work 8am-4pm, and then i am off Sunday! Yeah!!!! Hoping to be off Monday too!
I need mahomies to talk to on kik!!!! What's your name on it?!?!?! :D
Take a look at KenLM. It's even faster & smaller than Berkeley LM. #ACL2011 #aclhlt11 kheafield.com/code/kenlm/benchmark/
We're hosting a lounge this Wednesday with a new artist...Benny Marchant! DM us if you and a friend want to go!
That's so exciting...and likely a little nerve-racking :)
Do you tweet, so do we
This sunburn has ruined my life.
you too. Hope your practice is going well.
Down goes K State lol, next maybe Baylor??!!??
how do I block them?
play like a scrub-u get called 1.nickname or not...deal with it
that doesn't sound good, but I know what you mean.. any small town has its ups and downs.. hang in there :)
#Didyouknow Pu-er tea cultivation can be traced all the way back to the Han Dynasty in China, 202 BCE-220 CE.
Me: "mom... dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on" Them: "ok, cool" Me: "your luggage is outside". Lol :P
I understand that it may really frighten you that people are using social media to spread the truth. It's okay.
People say HATE is a strong word, but so is LOVE and people throw that around like it's nothing.
I am assuming What To Expect When You're Expecting is "asswipingly terrible."
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
whether you think you can or you cannot.... you are correct
KUIK Taste of Home "Cooking Show" coming March 10th to the Washington County Fair. Get your tickets at KUIK.com
PLEASE follow me back! :) I love youu.
Always a pleasure!!!
ohh thank you! checking it out now!
Best Eastbound intro of All Time
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those that never happen. James Russel Lowell
try Sonny Bryan's in the West End, or go a couple of blocks to Dickey's off San Jacinto.
Thanks for the great overview on the new Facebook timeline for fan pages!
Did I win? I was dead on with 117-111
This fucking bitch
Glad my throat better tho. That Chloraseptic spray is what's up
blah -.- it wont let me delete from my phone, I have to wait til friday </3
man they're always going in on u haha
so how did they tell you it was your turn? I still haven't been forced to switch yet but I know it's only a matter of time.
...fell behind slightly but I'm back in the groove. Today is thirsty Thursday and I have some serious work to do!
shoot me an email at , would love to chat with you about
can't wait to see you tonight theater!
Yes! well put.
Aw! That is great. Let me know if I can help in any way! At the very learst I'll be there drinking wine asap! ;)
it's like the woot bag-o-crap, people love cheap surprises
Amazing work, great interview RT Interview with Tim Knowles in by Ben Sloat. -
Goin' to see Think Like A Man ! (:
<U+25BA> Kill everybody - Skrillex
Really great talk from also, masterstroke for not feeding the trolls
day in the city. Heading to Cafe Latte.
It's a good thing computers eliminated paper in our lives.
Big fat mustaches weren't cool in the 70's and they aren't cool now. Come in man....
Wtf! I don't work sundays anymoree so why would they schedule me to work this sundayy!
"I am a boy!!! You are not in prison anymore, Damon!!! This is not how we do it!" Money Mike from the movie, "Friday After Next".
Can you tell me what was left out in a Tweet? If the style's not right we can definitely work to correct it.
I finally completed my #marchmadness picks and they ended up being chalk, what a downer! What are ur predictions for the Tourney?
It's May already?! Ahh! Happy Tuesday, and MAY, all!
Enjoy your ENTIRE journey -
stop by our cafe when you are in town. We are near Pike Place Market
You mean Carlos Del-got-it!
Turn To You is freakin AMAZING! You inspire everyone so much. I'm proud to be a belieber since day 1! #NeverChange <3
definitely nick!
I miss clams together...<3
i like the idea of Nick Lachey replacing Regis... He's good.. team Nick!
Come leap into new possibilities at Marietta College #studyabroad fair!
Fuck wit this twitter bird it'l poke yo eys out
I feel so ghetto charging my phone path train station lmao -.-
Ben, sorry you've had some issues - we have reduced support hours over the weekend, but we'll get to your ticket ASAP!
Midday #36 Broadway bus in the Summer. That is all.
Made seared Ahi steak for the kid. She complained it was undercooked. Made me cook it all the way through. Sigh...
No. That was a short summary.
bring the #vmas to
The Caps have been off since Monday's 1-0 win at Pittsburgh
People need #dreams, there's as much nourishment in them as food. ~ Dorothy Gilman
Robert putting finishing touches on “Negotiating in a New Economy” speech for New Orleans ISES Chapter next week. Stop on by
u bringin us one next year homie cant wait...Go BigBlue!!!
I try not to pay attention to it. If they move, they move. I just care about football things, like draft and FA.
#SFOutsideLands - This #EarlyBird caught a worm in '12. Love my annual pilgrimage to my #birthplace on my #birthday. Haven't missed one yet.
Johnson Wagner has birdied the 17th hole each of the first three rounds at The Players Championship.
your nails are so pretty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
The network is down.
Yea that works Asap
pretty simple goal. It's realistic and achievable! We can do it :)
Delicious lunch with San Fran MAM alumni at Slanted Door
Truth. RT writes the best art tweets.
Wishin you a HAPPY & SUCCESSFUL NEW YEAR!!! Xoxo ;)
Our phones have literally not stopped ringing since this morning. Keep 'em coming!
chicken tortilla soup and CAKE tonight for #mondayfunday and as always talls for smalls!!
really brilliant high level convos on Alma and nextgenlib going on in Seattle. i'm suddenly stoked on scholarly reccomender services.
Content can also be pushed to media platforms, niche blog sites, tastemakers, and brand ambassadors
Sometimes, i just HATE you
So hungry *grumble*
fire in my pants
I listen to obscure bands that only 4 other dudes w/stupid looking glasses have heard but I also listen to Brooks&Dunn.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS TALKING ABOUT?!?!?!? Stop tagging me I have no clue what's up.
man get back on that AE crack man
Run along the lake is done, now off to eat some meat at Smoke Shack!
I threw u that Jesus piece in Boston. Ur my motivation. Holla atcha boy
hello MKE! henry rollins! chuck prophet! Three Brothers Serb restaurant! and that yummy taco place just south of the city.
I was a top reader in 6th grade so I'm very literate. In fact & I are working on literacy programs
Get that baby a blue blanket!
lmao I know right! Finally man
not a problem...be prepared to roll me out of here, though. Lol
Signed local car dealer for interactive SMS alerts. Movin' & groovin'
Everybody's saying "Sex ain't better than love" but some of ya don't even know the difference.
GAHHH. Haven't been this account in forever!
Whoa. Didn't see that one coming.
boring day :/
You coming out to the quality hang? :)
Using the new ebs system?
have you released new music recently?
BTW is my back-up husband if things with Niall don't work out.
thanks g!
nice...does it need more processing power...for each CS they launch it goes up exponentially. by CS13 we need fusion powered PC's
We iz gonna shake dat mb concert on july 20,bra
I'm on this new diet where it's too cold to go to the grocery store.
I'm glad to hear that. I hope it continues for you!!!
RT: More than the much-rumored tablet, sources say Apple also plans to end its iPhone exclusivity contract with AT&T
Interesting content, though.
I saw Adam Yauch in person one time, but if I told you where, it'd feel like bragging, and now is just a time for being sad.
Interlink Release Candidate 1 has been released to beta testers :D
When people RT my shit but dont be following me <<
we are okay right?
RT : Princess Beatrice's hat sells, confirms nail polish deal, Balmain to launch lower-priced line & more!...
OH MAN... you may have some people tracking you down.
RT : Christ gave one commandment: "Love One Another." Period. His message has been distorted by hate & politics ever since.
Hugo Chavez!
I was reading synopses of 2012 debuts and was seeing more diversity represented there. No covers yet for those books, tho.
#nowplaying Somebody That I Used to Know, cover of Gotye
My cat is pissed. She is locked in the bathroom.. How else can u teach a cat not 2 claw the crap out of ur dog? Seriously does an1 know?
I am humbled to have 's endorsement of my campaign for Congress! My father told me to serve the people just like him.
No! Anything but the '' los ramblin rebel rousers get away car de cincinnati. ''
Lmfao so funny how Filipino thinks that and are BF&GF. They are like brother and sister tupid
At&t to wed Tmobile. Following the ceremony, there will be no reception.
How many times have you typed "l'm okay" while crying?
A THOUSAND TIMES NO. If the Vikings move to L.A. my heart will be crushed and I will be forced to root for the Texans. Have pity, Commish.
RT Looking 4 #NYC #FoodBloggers who might b interested in charity blogging. Email fabfoodiebites (at) gmail (dot) com 4 info
Can anyone tell me what the Masters Leaderboad looks like at the moment? Thx
Sorry for the trouble! Send me an email with the address you used to register, and I'll look into it. ^MG
only a few more years until Poundcake arrives. What are you doing to prepare?
Thanks for RT! :)
Blackhawks were offered Teemu Selanne in a trade for a Signed Andrew Shaw Jersey, Hawks deny & CSN raffles Jersey
I need to test my skillz. DM me your email :)
what's up bro
True. Do that shit!
#todaypk I lost interest in Meg Ryan as an actor after her interview by Parkie.
yes this is interesting !
Happy Birthday to me!
dude that's not rick, that's ! lol
Just stopped by your table. Super rad artwork! I want to know more.
4 tweets and little over an hr ago I said "I refuse to believe my #Sixers will shoot this bad in the second half" Check my tweets!!!
Opening day for the Cubs! If I only I were actually there...
If I was the girl in the #mistletoe video. LORD knows what I would do to Justin.
Guess that shows who they think their customer base is, eh?
PS: new superheroes material to be dropped in 2 weeks!! Stay posted!!
Put 25 people around a table, you have 25 disagreements. Get them to agree on something -like, they want water. Pretty soon, some agreement.
"You have hedged me behind and b4 and laid Your hand upon me. Psalm139:5" so thankful that Jesus is always taking care of me!
It's awesome! try it!!! is that convincing enough? =D
#cwcon Julie Church on confounding Facebook: don't tell the whole truth; become a slippery persona; avoid becoming a conglomerate
Fall term is almost done. Prepping to go East for a month. Great idea for a new story.
naturally. it's because everyone's a-comin'
hey, I know him!
A tough way to lose for the Bat Cats, but Arkansas is a tough place to play. Now focus on winning the series.
My new speech can be. Don't mess with Kass or you'll be dealing with me... And I am old and tough.
Let me know how the library can help!
That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours
The recipe will be on soon!
NC #NCRA skills testing site no longer @ Myers Park Church. New site TBD soon
K9 guy off again. Troopers off again. Amazing, but not surprising!
We will be announcing the winner of our Anniversary Give Away later today!! stay tuned...
It is National Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month- have you been checked?
that sounds amazing! :) are you from there?
"He who conceals his sins does not prosper, but whoever confesses and renounces them finds mercy." Proverbs 28:13
Devonte Lively enters not guilty plea to murder 2nd charge in death of Larie Butler - families were a bit emotional after court
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
“I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...” -Abraham Lincoln
Pat "Melt Your Face Off With Rock" Young will be breaking a world record this evening, 'round the 7:00 hour. Bear witness.
Wasn't clear but probably not. Still, that 1/4 doesn't make sense. Would end up with ~50% of adult males in detention.
its true tho(;
School can't end fast enough
Tiger's Jaw is perfect, La Dispute is perfect, but my two favourite bands are Bright Eyes and Radiohead.
that sounds awesome, I saw NGR ibn 1984 in Toulouse France for the first time... awesome!
Libraries must be a critical part of our ecosystem. ~Susan Hildreth
I meant insanely "busy" lol! Does that give you a clue? :-)
Oh, and not said yet... Congrats to you and about the cabin!
I think the second one is super cute :)
: draw me up one better or shut up!
it's Glover's best performance. If I taught a film class w/ a focus on directing actors, i'd make that film required viewing
UC head coach Mick Cronin is a graduate of the UC History Department. A humanities degree will take you deep in the tournament.
Good Morning. I hope you all have a productive and blessed stress free day!
Following you!!!
I have the honor of cooking for 500 walkers this Mother's Day as they raise money to help breast cancer patients get to treatment.
It's Midnight! Get on over to either of our locations and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th b-day! Free doughnuts!
really ? your site only lets me investigate non-bundled options if i'm logged out? that's just obnoxious.
I've been told im comfy ^__^
I haven't connected mine to Wilkes, but would not be surprised if there was a relationship.."cousins"
I love you more than this world my love ALL #BELIEVE.. Please Please follow me and answer me: D I'll always be #Belieber ILY
dont mess with me...i kill zombies..
Somebody is craving your presence, someone loves you... Go where the love is...
sure right armpit. I know pronounce us, husband and armpit. (;
yes, and it starts to pass faster even when you slow down
Ima lose again .. Ain't being negative.. Just telling the truth.. You feel me
get some sleep bruh :(
Simplify your Thoughts: Look for and express love to yourself and others.
Sad to hear of passing of Dr. David Bishop, great man, great family and a great blessing to me in many ways. Praying for family tonite.
RT : Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working part-time. You need experience to get a job
That hot problems video is from a company called Old Bailey Productions!
Sock hop cancelled! No wobbling, shuffling, or sliding for me. Taking the boys 2 eat some BBQ and to see "Journey to the mysterious island."
Ok, am I having a #SUBWAY Meatball Pepperoni Melt or an Italian BMT?
Daphne. Lois. Jessica Rabbit. I don't know why it is, but the hottest cartoon chicks tend to be redheads.
I'm in a particular mood for doing yoga a little later.
Happy Sunday, Twitter
it's more so a lot of people claim to enjoy it but never go to shows..it's like saying you like girls but never gettin a boner
So happy I have 3 days off!
Milwaukee Sports Marketing Professionals to hold event on Feb. 24 at The Capital Grille, hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
#FF thx & welcomes new follow Move your way!
Usher and rick rosses new song is sick
I stalked tonight with brenden.
Thanks Cord! Glad you liked it :)
why not!
Class today oh well #not kool
Haha! That, they did. They sure did.
YES. If you like sappy romances.
Couldn't have said it better myself, knows what it's like to be an entrepreneur!
And 6 hours later I finally get to go workout #ChampWeek. Forcing myself not to watch #bigeast championship.
HAHA! I love it
but Fatty Aaron got a power sized Jamba didn't he?
Instead of pointing out people from the audience, he could've performed like 3 songs.
thats the phone i have
And that's a wrap
#prophotosupply I heart you :)
Haha. This is true! Only reason I was glad she won reward! I seriously wanted to watch it again right after it was over. LOL
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Please Please Please follow me good afternoon bonita
I'm always happy haha! It's dad that says STOP do that again lol!
Even if you wanted him to kill his self he won't be able to do that right....
It's stripping not hooking!
lol well done
when u coming to Louisiana
said I needed to watch this week's episode of #parksandrec I am doing it now.
forwards or backwards?
Who do you think is today's hottest Hollywood couple?
Watch Julie O'Keeffe promoting her new book on Fox 6 Milwaukee tomorrow morning at 8:15 a.m. Learn how you can live a more fulfilling life!
Good question. Might need to hire someone. Interested? I'll even pay you in quarters if you are :)
if Iona beats Marquette they'll go to the final four
lmao..on Vik..I'm taking Kane, needs a Real woman to set him straight & help him!
My new life has been A Year in the Making!
kind of...paying $5 for tall boy bud lights isn't fun... will be broke after this weekend!!
Sucks to suck! #jk We still need to FaceTime.
Sittin on the dock of the bay
App for Android: Helicon Remote: Control DSLR camera via USB ...
#FF because I love her. That's all.
Oh yea Jared Allen and Adrian Peterson are beasts.
I wish I had an Xbox 360 and a Wii at school! I love playing games sometimes! This the perfect day to stay in and play!
Lol at least your not fat!
Ugh...i hate packing sometimes. I wish i could just snap my fingers and it all be done.
": I want in on the next skype date." Hecks. Yes. I'm free Sunday-Saturday for you. Just tell me when (:
!+_.+- WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Achieving success really depends on how you define it.
I'm about to feed the social networking beast.
Look for and on PetPals TV on MyIndy! They're filming at the game tonight!
nice! thats almost every day for me. ha
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Alfred Jefferson and Cyriaque Sukan!
Although I'm not a MAYWEATHER fan, Cotto put up a good fight.
Help me?
Saw "I'M STILL HERE". The documentary about Joaquín Phoenix quitting acting to start rapping. It was such a awkward movie. He's wacked out!
"Beautiful and Well Made! Thanks much!" - Ursala from Mobile, Alabama
From the University of Kentucky! Ha! RT ": Rondo!!"
glad #oomf woke up & texted me :)
Bible Download – FREE download bible Wallpaper for Your Desktop Article by King James Version Bible Bible Want you desktop t
its up to obama
Your tweets provide me with 140 characters or less of the giggles.
Oh my...no way! LOL That wasn't nice.
Talk to me if ur up :)
what video? If love to.(:
Thats an Honor Fam! #Salute I know what I need to do I just have to put everything in motion and Im doin it now
Yes. Yes indeed. Get it #Patriots! RT : Rob Gronkowski is a MAN.
no problem!(: thanks for following me too! xo
I JUST FEEL LIKE RUNNING OUT INTO THE RAIN AND LET IT JUST HIT MY SKIN
Had a great get together last night with and the boys at Tin Roof. Love you Taylor.
When one of the few pair of shorts you own sadly are no longer fitting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> <<<
Need to collect books and raid museums though before we go underground.
Check my show out anytime. On demand.
oh yeah! Forgot about Easily.. so good! getting excited for this ride!
Miss you! The DCHS rockin' reunion was not enough! (Still laughing at the insanity!) Let's get together soon!
Headed to Reno a day early for the craps and midway games!
Thanks man! I first heard about Wildacres from you. Sounds amazing.
Hey! I know you hear this a lot but I really like your nose! :)
Craving popcorn & chocoo!!
You just popped in my head when I checked it out. I am strange, you know this! :-)
I'm no Walter Payton. Close... But not quite.
hmm New Mexico CEO's and their pets slideshow? I love it.
lmao.. im gonna holla at you later .. night
The connectivity issue with the WCDC was resolved at approximately 10PM EDT. Thank you for your patience. ^SW
OMG! I need a life!
This sounds really familiar, and I think it's good to be candid about these issues.
got an extra ticket to the Angels/Dodgers game tonight in Anaheim if you would like to join our family.
By the time im 25 I will reside in brazil !.
Hey!! You are very pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I Cried When my brothers left to college
Happy Birthday Big Head :P
I really want to take yoga classes in the mornings. I'm having a hard time finding a good affordable yoga studio in El Paso!
Lol thanks ": I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic"
doesn't surprise me!
Crushed that I was left out of feature on reality TV "stars" from WI. I think I was the first from WI to win a show (more)
Closed today from 3-5pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
That slow-mo video of Prince Fielder rounding third on has me feeling much better about my physical fitness.
I respect confident girls.
I have a harder time throwing away a magazine than I do closing a website. Print is not dead.
Had a wonderful audition for Freedom Summer on Saturday at the Network in NYC!
Key takeaway@ #istrategy: design for experience worth sharing. So simple. So different from tweet to win an ipad...
"The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that...
They're loco en la cabeza, as no Spanish-speaking person says.
penalty for Matt cooke
DOES ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!
My heart beats. Echoes into the cold streets. Where nightmares and darkness begin to meet
Psalm 138:2 - "You have exalted your word above ALL THINGS."
Tomorrow is a half day so that means I'm not going
TV Taylor will assist with anything you need.
thanks for the info twat!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#Revenge is off the hook! She kicked his ass! So glad it's back!!
I hate when i get a txt or call from someone when they want something from you, but when you hit em up they dont reply and shit
I love it too; it brings tears to my eyes every time I see it.
Thesis writing going well today on page six of chapter three. Now procrastinating.
or what?
RT I have Baylor over ND tonight. Baylor is just too strong inside & out.
Ahahahahaha, Jury Duty huh? They haven't changed the movie, I see...
Wishing u the best Pray that u are blessed and much success no stress and lots of happiness
Just came back from the gym: 20min of squats and lunges + 45min spinning and now legs feel like jelly. Love this feeling!!
Happy Birthday Fam
Happy birthday Grandmama! Oh how I love and miss you!
Hey Eddie, do you pay attention to your Facebook comments or twitter comments more? P.s. Feel better!!
Law of averages states that Judd Apatow will never win anything, after landing Leslie Mann. Judd has won at life.
I'll cook breakfast for you anytime, cuz.
haha, yeah I've been checking in a lot on foursquare. I'm so bad at regular updates. Not the queen yet, but working on it ;)
I love thu too
Call me cynical, but I'll start believing the Orioles are for real if they're doing this well in September.
Almost blew my Chick-fil-a sandwhich in the microwave. Thanks to the foil in the little bag thing wit the sandwhich in it im real smart lol
today's public service announcement: if you add a few inches of half-n-half to your coffee, and it's still black, don't drink it.
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol RT : aww man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Good morning everyone!!! Who does everyone have to win the #NCAA college bball championship tonight? Kentucky all the way!!!!!
okay I will not accuse you of not tweeting anymore ha!
House page questions: Who will move flags flown over Capitol btwn offices? Who will eat every dinner at 4:45pm in tiny House cafeteria?
<U+261D>one more thing...Rent'em spoons!!! <U+270C>until next time compadre!
Melo is taking over this is ridiculous
RT : has had quite a week! time for some sunshine and rejuvenation.. thanks #pdx for some killer ideas even just today!
I'm sure we can work out something bi-continental.
#drupalcon #ux let's hope that future colors modules will have many suggested palettes. Most of the user color choices are painful!
I promise ppl act too damn childish these!! like can u grow THE FUCK UP... Sincerly, Grown Ppl!
Nice game
"We have to kill the kiddie table approach!" I was blessed to start my day with words from of True man of God!
'Bron is ass, do all that shit regular season but Playoffs come?
; would u be kind enough to retweet my post re: Jack's Pack, u have WAY more followers!
it was weird! i havent seen or heard about that guy in forever and he was just a person in my dream!
Let's go play beerpong brah!
Cozette wishes to remind #Aurora, #Illinois residents of the #library talk by two #CCP #authors tonight at the #Eola Road Branch at 7 p.m.
we can help :-) visit awesome4.me
I can't get past the media room. Any closer to Ozzie and I get shot smh
Wahh. I hate twitter jail. I don't like having to use my backup account
Cats can eat raw, days-dead carrion just fine. They can hack 12-hour-warned catfood. ;)
Day starts w/ an intro to face masks, bulletproof vests and helmets (not good, think NATO); ends with abducted boy reunited w mom. (Great!)
i just had sex with a pbj sandwich dont be jealous
Google investing $300M to build Iowa data center
saw this tweet as the gate agent in Cleveland announced the delay.
Sometimes I get messed up DM's lmao. Anywho.....
I love you Pizza Hut. <3 So please bring me my pizza now! I'm still waiting...
Really love you please follow me! sound corny but personally my dream is that you can can follow me! can you follow me please?
TOTALLY GOING. A little odd to use the acronym HAM to describe vegans, but I'll take it as a compliment
Where are you?
Haha I know! My brothers always saying again? And I'm just like yes nigga again!! Lol its just awesome, have you read the book?
Walk much?
the CSPA requires the child to have “sought to acquire” the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence within a year
Catch the at JM Lexus of Margate Friday Night!!!
Ayers: Maps show our construction of history, Construction is key. Visualization is key.
LOL. RT dude when taking a shit at the please wash your hands after..
I got it. Thanks so much.
oh yeah
I am assuming you are speaking of Soccer, as I too will be partaking in Football watching this afternoon. American-style.
can't get enough Kings of Leon today!
Sitting in a cab in crosstown traffic, trying to envision New York as it would've appeared to a young Georgia O'Keeffe.
Craigslist is full of places... But be careful!
Happy birthday. i hope you have a good day and i hope you get to go to sleep soon.:p<3
Just gettin home a late nite i wanna go again tomar
let's make it happen.
If you email him, he can probably find someone to take the 5-9 since it's a super easy shift.
the fat blue fox jumped under the boring dog.
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.All those fairy tales are full of it One more love song & Ill be sick.
I'm waiting on a mountain top, for the moment the sky will strike
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Off to do some damage shopping.
rihanna, i love you. but this song is not one of your strongest.
I like the figure above (shoes)
cop out answer
When I walked in the house with flowers and a card my mom started crying right away and gave me a hug
#hungrylikethewolf for real! The Lord opened this door for sure. What's next? #celebraterecovery?
ART CONTEST!! WINNERS WILL BE FEATURED ON HAUNTEDHOUSES.COM email to enter Some art can be Displayed in Milwaukee
TCC Group at FA on Friday to continue our capacity building work
's tie reminds me of the opening day scarf. Go Sporting!
Appreciate American #History FF
I miss you :) happy cinco de mayo
think I heard you yell "don't give up Big Show!"
Thanks for the great class today Rita! Lots of fun! I'm fried :)
Beer, brats, und schnitzel ya! Go find an Oktoberfest tent near you :)
You done good, Dirty District.
Hi there. Because we only sell to retailers and not directly to the public, prices are not listed.
better that than my feet :)
are you here today? Miss you!!!
Real life quote "yo shorty look like 50 cent in things fall apart"
hey can u follow me please i got in a lil car accident, itd make me feel better if u followed me
How did I possibly not get a mention as eye candy in your article. I mean come on! OK, face-lift it is! Maybe calf implants
Standardless decisions made by unknown bureaucrats in secret, based on secret dossiers, w/out judicial review.
I'm so excited for #NewZealand I could scream!
You too, thanks! RT : Very much enjoyed working with you. Hope to see you, again, soon.
"I didn't know what my scene was but this wasn't it"-Carole King on her first hip Hollywood party in her memoir "A Natural Woman." Love her.
no. :( I don't think they'll like it.
What a great day for burgers + shakes on the porch! Come try our special bacon milkshake...it's heavenly.
Hahahaha... Feel your plight... Enjoy the flight.
#ItsAmazingHow amazing the Avengers was
Thank you for the bday msg
Hey there!!! thanks for mention!! keep in touch! -G
So sick of hearing man if this was the 60or70s or90s niggas would be_its2012 u niggas is scared
Not buckling on a roller coster
I'm coming back call of duty fans! no more basketball for a while! I enjoy winning money in call of duty tournaments more! 3v3 BO tomorrow!
I will definitely be there. #ilovearepas RT : nice group!! LET's Do it
Slacking on my tweet game.
ditto. We're just the messengers. Folks are gonna have to judge for themselves
A change of look... Moving the old website to Wordpress. Check it out and give us your input.
We should get a food truck in WFB <U+2665> (lol)
he is acting like it and never text me back
that's such a crime!
hahaha so true
Only place 2 watch sharks... Comfort of tha crib : Sitting here watching the end of Shark
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the video! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree!
sounds like a road trip might be in order!
great! Will shoot u an email this week and catch up. Good Sunday night!
YAY the #pirates won!
are you at kelly's?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he is one inspirational guy :)
RT : You're my favorite Boy Scout. <3 <3
#TallTomComment love it
Happy Friday everyone!
the BULGARIAN BELIEBERS ARE WAITING FOR YOU JUSTIN !!come to Bulgaria- ive heard will be..
(C) you dont see the smile i'm faking! You dont hear me crying every night... So shut up about me!
Play Your Favorite Music on Hand Held Devices - dvd videos music
“ Too much on my mind.”
Just got back from my date with Mila Kunis
I have not been, but clearly should be.
Two of my favorite topics! RT : Going to write about bacon and freedom now. Yes. Bacon and freedom.
you need to see the diffrence between love and hate bro I said I HATE you not I LOVE YOU get yo shit straight homie :)
You are on fire, so inspiring to read!
Ah ok, entiendo....
We miss you...stop by next time you're in town!
Hi Tom, you're pretty awesome! I think your the best host on TV!! I wish I could be on DWTS but im not a star.... YET!
1st scoring play a safety. Lots of losing bets then
Happy Tuesday )
your new twitter pic is so pretty :)
best quote of #aea09 imo... "I have no idea if this is useful, but we'll never know unless we try"
I agree - it was one of my favorites.
- on top of it. Just did. We are all good. No wait list. Said they will be ready for us to pick up at noon on Thurs
Mentions are dead. Someone wanna change that?(:
Like when you feel like venting on a public forum... but you DON'T.
No problem! Thanks, man!
when are you coming to new york?
If your not giving 100%, then... what's the point?
When you stop for coffee in the morning bring a resuable mug from home, refills are cheaper and there's no trash to throw away!
For me I like Jem better :D
I sure hope your live tweeting again tonight!
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it...
I'm not a huge Ex-Im fan (or a Solyndra hater), but to be fair, former doesn't post losses. apples & oranges.
ok, so i totally missed what this was about. Need to watch my twitter better. Milton Berle?
Yup! Aint he sexy!?
Grantwriting workshop. Good prep for a future grants subject guide?
Great run in DC I could get used to this... Home is where the heart is
Duke was down by 10 points with less than 2 minutes left and came back to win over UNC at UNC. Proof you should never give up. Never.
you're early! 4.1.12 is days away.
Work later
Juicy Pear is the best Jelly Belly flavor. It says that in the Bible.
AAT not suitable (pun!)? Its entries match how I would define these garments.
Let me grab my helmet. RT : National High 5 Day. Or, we can try a headbutt.
Whenever retweeted, the rocky theme song should automatically start playing from your phone or computer so strangers can know you're awesome
what are you talking about? O.o
I agree! Spurs before chelsea and Newcastle... Arsenal can rot in hell
Nice tie. Thanks for the follow dude.
Doing it up w/ the staff. These guys rock! And we're actually getting some work done!
Hogzilla, Burger & Beer Joint, Chow Down Grill, Primo Pizza, Cheeseburger Baby
Too much talent in the end. Oh and I hope Davis gets his grill fixed in the next couple years!
hey i just met you and this is crazy but we're on the team too so pass it maybe -Kobe's teammates.
Those late night convos when everything comes out >>>>
Good look! ": Finished my Psych Paper now on to my marketing paper- 20 friggin pages of fun! lol -_-"
How about you do your self a favor & close your legs & your mouth , everyones sick of that nasttyy shiit.
My first gettn my name tatted on him lol :)
Unbearable! Sending hugs & zen vibes your way!
My Sister Is An Weirdo. Them Hormones Ain't Shit
Disappointed in you.
"So I had to go in of course, there were bubbles coming from the place" haha funniest thing I've heard in a while.
not to mention Newsweek's cover...oh well, they gotta make a living somehow!
AVR is getting it together! Soon we will have shirts to sell so anyone interested should give us a shout and we'll be happy to sell you one.
checkout www.mastermehrdad.com
We want to welcome Andria "LIVES" Servin to the Pony Productions Street Team. Go add her, follow her and tell her hi!!! ~R~
If you retweet one of our tweets, we'll retweet one of yours' -we're down to help
love how I lost 10 followers for a little mistake I stupidly forgot. Great.
#insomnia is a bitch! Ugh! Maybe one day I won't sleep like a vampire anymore...
Heavy heart tonight. A lot of stuff and certain people on my mind tonight. I love you so much
Hey, look the Royals are pretending to be the Red Sox. Isn't that cute?
My guess is it's some copyright thing, like they can't use our logo unless they alter it... (even if it's not our logo anymore)
Future never speak in complete sentences ...
we followed :D
Omg 2 days.
SCORE!! OH LETS GO RANGERS!! I was yelling saying SHOOT THAT SHIT & it happened..now the caps scored SHIT!!
A late-period obvious tripping penalty on Quick is a "good non-call." Huh.
They was wrong when they said there's nothin new under the sun because everything has not been done
I'll have the strawberry one.
Free for the moment..
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on Summer time.
RT : Another wonderful #LATFOB comes to a close! Congratulations, , it's officially cake time. // MARET ROCKS!
Omg!! fucking sucks..fucking douchebags. Never watching that channel again.
Bison shortage in the UK. Time to move across the pond...
what, really? ;o
Spinning tonight at DAVID BARTON GYM on Miami Beach
My bf was at the Unchained Tour this evening (think: The Moth) AND I AM SO JEALOUS
Awesome! Me too RT : yup going strong and looking leaner!
ESPN NCAAF - Oregonian: RB LaMichael James will forgo senior season at Oregon, enter 2012 NFL Draft
so if you add up the costs of going to the salon, it pays for itself. My nails came out great, too!
:o who?? It was probably me
Trying to die RT : You wildin RT : Drinking Henny on a empty stomach !!!!!!<U+270A><U+270A><U+270A><U+270A><U+270A>
why so depressed?
I miss 80 degree weather.
With all these quakes, shake your case with an Expert Witness! www.freereferral.com
Stressing praying my friend ok btw Norweign is the worst hospital in america
they shouldn't, the pro. Teams & city's benefit, all the fans do is pay, pay & pay again. Not fair!
The theme announcement for 2012 show is next week. Can't wait for you to see the artwork
Wait why am I on the bus?
wheres my baby
Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life.
I need at least 200 followers to beat my friend by December. Can you help?(:
Let's try this to again. Katia growing in size faster than
Where do you recommend eating on your first trip to Ann Arbor? Going to my first ever game at the Big House.
hey steve how are you
compared to last week, this was, in fact, short.
did you get Jackpot from a breeder .
;* kisses to the barbz
WOW.... Now that's a cover!
Playstation Network right now is doing the most
Advanced Mailing Services ~ serving the Albuquerque area since 1992.
Leaving #M1GS in SF way more disgusted than inspired. Maybe should have gone to Oakland after all.
That's da bomb.
listened to the full song #turntoyou it's beyond amazing such strong words #muchlove<U+2665>
I remember at this time last year, I was in Dallas eating and chilling with Andre Miller when they came to Dallas for the playoffs. Cool guy
Thanks for the recent follow, folks.
We should meet up during breaks & before & after !
I swear I wish I knew
Which I should've studied for, but I'm stupid and forgot my notes and stuff.
Crazy how people drop you and leave you on the ground like a penny
your welcome.
Lets Go Lions.. Make me proud!!
English teacher back down because I will go full throttle on you!!
I always keep a condom where ever I go because you never know
#36DAYS and counting (:
I like how my dad's tweet has been retweeted multiple times and is now all over Twitter thanks pap! Haha
So, happy! Nothing is going as planned ,but its amazing anyways :D
where about in Philly are you?
Nothing really good on tonight. Modern family tomorrow! Can't wait for terra nova and I'll watch new girl I guess. #2brokegirls was awesome
Just sent wittle mikey off to Washington DC for a week! This is weird...he is ALWAYS at home. Wah come back.
Calendar is filling up, y'all.
I am so blessed to have been a part of something so special for so long I hope I keep in touch with everyone Tonight was simply so much fun
I'm Tweeting on the go, now. Capitalism waits for no one.
oh, def! I have that album... yes, the album, somewhere at my Dad's house lol.
Thanks for getting the art show together this sat at Turquoise Cafe, we look forward to it!
I feel like Gates made "Baddest In The Building" for me & :))) lol
So if I drink 5 gallons of bourbon a year is that a lot?
terrible person you are
My band plays believable
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend: who try's to act just like you but completely suck at doing it
Let me be completely honest with you by saying you don't want me to be completely honest with you.
No problem, just play like I know you can and get a win!
We need more likes, go tell your friends to like us. Please!!!!!
Im taking life 1 day at a time...
I choose not to think of that scenario at this moment.
On my way to Wondercon. I am hungry. I hope there is food behind the Orange Curtain.
it's the Miller Lite Party Train, Carrie.....nighty night = ]
I rock wit ALL of the #LEM family know each other or not we cut from the same cloth believe in us all that all I need
yes i definitely that police work now is more dangerous than 10 yrs ago..there is much more crime happening now than b4
haha every episode twice? Thats awesome, we just started!
You know how I knew he made me really happy. Because when I got that chance to make everything better? You know I went for it(:
to you.
Yeah but now I'm pretty meh about it.
“Strange how a teapot can represent at the same time the comforts of solitude and the pleasures of company.” - Author Unknown
Off to MelCamp 3. Looking forward to 2 days of DH and Melville talks and workshops.
recovering from a wicked cold but I'm feeling up to writing tonight! Got another 1.5k words in addition to some research. You?
Hasted Kraeutler is pleased to announce it's participation in Pulse Miami, Dec 1-4, 2011
You seem to have made some fans with your #devlearn notes! Keep em coming =)
#2012NationalForum great sharing by Shelby County and their focus on student learning and literacy. Collaborative Success on so many levels!
I don't think we say "alas" enough anyway. Or "indeed".
Coffee is a definite priority this morning #tooearly <U+E045><U+E13C>
I'll bet all that I can beg, borrow or steal that you couldn't play the radio as a youth.
I'm doing the same thing except the ski part!
RIP Whitney Houston
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!! COME CHECK US OUT FOR SPECIAL HOLIDAY RATES!! 678-377-0003
The fun part is going to be a)following people currently in the lobby & b)anticipating arrivals thanks to tweets.
Foligno is my new favorite
Thumbs up, thumbs down on the media going gaga over Lady Gaga being in Boston this week?
looking forward to a weekend staycation in rainy NYC. on another note, had weird dream about sexy aliens abducting me last night. hmm...
#10thingsidrelive can't think of any more...
Thanks girl appreciate the support
Sweet. God. did One Direction and I missed it. Thank god for TiVo.
RT OH: "Bordeaux? More like Bor-don't"
such a tease... Wish I could take your classes!
The 7-year-anniversary celebration continues tonight at Sutra Lounge with Rohit B, drummer Dholi P, and a special guest belly dancer!
doing well, been busy. Enjoying the gorgeous Chicago spring weather this yeat!
sometimes i imagine myself grabbing onto the outside of the train like in the movies.
Imagine you are a tiny figurine #shivanaut, flailing on the desk. Then grow yourself bigger. You are a giant flailing across the horizon.
tomorrows my birthday I'm gonna be 13. It would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday jillian (:
I'm well, just keeping busy with work and everything. How's school?
Checking out the reopening of the Belmont Branch Library this afternoon. Ready to have the neighborhood library back.
you're mad.
I just laugh at you. You
Wow...congrats man!
trying to start up the business
Fiscal conservatism + social liberalism? That's centrist Dems the past 20 yrs. Yeesh.
Justin Morneau (wrist) hopes to be activated from the disabled list when he's first eligible Wednesday.
Fucking winter my ass.
Away on vacation for some much needed R&R. Kauai is the most amazing, beautiful place to vacation! :)
Hahaha Mr. Officer was very interested in the bike. He had a lot of questions.... starting with the usual, "What heck is that?"
It's freakin stormin here!! I hate!!!
Hi Wes! I was wondering... Do u like Toby Keith? He is always looking 4 artists that write their own.
that depresses me immensely.
there r 3 seasons... 1-2 is on Netflix 3 u can watch online
ABOUT DAMN TIME! NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN! WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY! WALK IT OFF! #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!! 8D
Line for keynote Seth Priebatsch starts on 3rd floor and he's speaking on the 4th floor. Crazy!
~ Sängrë by far the best Southern California Metal band to come out of the 90's!
I LOVE Mojitos, will definitely try some of this recipes!
And u suckk.
What a Journey...
The correspondents' dinner?
Me neither. But I'm loving the beer recipes so I ain't complainin.
u r so cute!
Basically like... status. What's the craic means what's up :)
That awkward moment; when no one else is laughing, except for you and you can’t stop.
Must stay awake through this last class....
Yeah, that would have been cool. And I bet people would have actually looked at the ads...
We're happy to be in the neighborhood!
Our sister site Easy Canvas Prints is hosting a Photo Contest Giveaway for the chance to win an 11"x14" canvas! Don't miss it!
haha! You can either use you second hand, a foot, or your forehead!
is HIRING CasePro is a Federal Contracting Company who hires Medical Professionals to work on US Navy and Army sites. Currently CasePro is…
There are so many kind an generous people in this community. I am so unbeleivably grateful to DC Theatre Scene for it's support over the p…
no, i don't wear gloves when i wash dishes
Chief Justice Roberts: "The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race." PICS 2007
I wanna see my broski :DD
I just woke up to Old McDonald had a farm playing from next door,now it's bingo the dog
We just made one and ate it and it was indeed very delicious!
might not wanna post that on twitter. lol
when are you coming here? It's miserable and wet
Oh, it's ok, thanks anyway :]
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what is happening out there so let us know!
LOL I love you.
I am quite pleased that is filing a formal complaint about the bitch i spoke with. twitter is totally useful!
I woke up in a very good mood!!! :)
so happy that ontop of hosting a party you guys were able to recycle glass/plastics and aluminum!
Get song " Girl I Used To Know" FREE on their facebook page and while your there ' like' their facebook page! Thanks! :) RT
Damn, i wish my dad could fly.
Just saw Horrible Bosses. More horrible than funny. Though definitely not complaining about Julie Bowen!
TREE INFO- Identify the problem b4 you treat! No brainer right? I get a lot of calls from people that want me to "spray". I ask "for what"
Students - why did YOU #studyabroad ?
Let's go #Bengals! This drive could define the season.
It's over:( truly over:( one thing you learn over 7 years is you never really learn anything you think you know a person but it's not true
thank u, Gina! it was a beautiful run, but a hot one! what a great day!
Don't forget our reception this Friday, May 6 from 6 to 8:30pm!
Just put finishing touches on my "internship by the numbers" speech for our intern going away dinner. Hope our interns enjoy it.
My corgi wearing jingle bells collar, barking & hanging out car window. Man at bus stop talking to him like he's Santa's elf.
Hello hello. I been doing this thing since the get go get go
Tune in at 7 to win tickets to and this Friday
Republicans believe that torture is a good thing, which explains why they keep paying Sarah Palin for speaking engagements
Chuck Pagano had more to say in his introductory press conference than Jim Caldwell had to say in his entire 3 years as head coach.
I want an avengers shirt !
What if I told you I think your #beautiful inside and outside?
I'm going to play the "can I get a run in before it rains" game
RT : "What's the nearest metro station to Georgetown." Answered with laughter.
Back to recording Sunday! New tunes coming soon!
and you two were a huge help today, hope you enjoyed #SLS12!
RT : If there is an attorney that understands social media better than - I want to meet him/her
busy and productive day...feels good to be making some good progress...now it is time for some decaf and relaxation
Cute couples<3
I'm as charming as a wet cat Bad morning to not have my car, umbrella or trench coat.
i love you, Cel! im sorry you are so tired today :( that was exhausting but its over and out. i cant wait to see you!
In a s/o mood!
Decosta: Christian Thompson visited Ravens, scouts got a lot of info on him.
What keeps me awake at night: What impact will JP Morgan's $2B trading loss have on #NYC's residential real estate market?
Some people suck...I mean REALLY suck.
Watching a live google+ hangout demo
just saw tjv and team htc out warming up. first climb today may be fugly.
“: So there's this girl. Shes beautiful, funny, has a great personality & guess what? She's reading this right now.<U+2665>”
Thanks man! RT : Listening to on ! Do what u love, love what u do. Do the Damn thing homie!
Lordy lordy, about time! ;-) Glad to have you riding with us, Chris!
HA how could you forget your cousins bday lol (: I'm freakn hungry
no. They looked gross
“ I wish i was in class right now”
Finally got some sleep after 2am- after the storm passed through, scary stuff.
New Jersey Delegation is checking in to APA State Leadership Conference (SLC). Follow the conversation at #SLC2012!
I think a 2 week gym hiatus is long enough....
Does anyone know of new twitter tools coming soon?
follow back plz!
A u-turn for Metcalfe, who had previously denied any notion of authentic blackness, was often viewed as Uncle Tom figure
So excited the learn there is a sequel to Wolf Hall. I will be checking my "Available Holds" obsessively starting.. now.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I hope everyone is being safe!
At the ICL breakfast Chancellor Patenaude states "the problem with great ideas is they generate hard work"
Merry Christmas, lovelies :3
I haven't even gotten myself past Thursday yet. Thinking about coming?
although I just found out that is an apocalyptic shit disturber and elephant trainer, I'm not surprised.
well, after I get off this bus from Boston to NYC, I plan on preparing materials about my feature film for my trip to Cannes!
You only have to set it to receive more than one response. I freeze my board so they can't see answers right away.
if you don't have Royal Trux or Boredoms, you can hardly claim to have "almost all of the recorded music on the planet."
U wanna move on my couch?? :)
I have used both Automapper and valueinjector. Automapper adds on extra line of code
Good Morning!
I hope to make it on Sunday!
With real Mongolian snow pls
...well? are we in bidness?
#kids Over the Moon – Puppet show at L.E.R. Schimelpfenig Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Over the Moon – Puppet show and craft. FREE All Ages
why not?
be sure to come meet, eat and tweet some
... But.. what if life is SO MUCH BETTER with you in it ? Hm?
Collin clearly connected with the ball before he took down the dude.
Yea right, your going on a day vacation for your birthday…BTW Happy Birthday Old Man!
PHOTOS PLEASE.
You Know , Use My Time Wisely . .
Nice! I am using the free trial and loving it so far.
RT i wish i could just hop on a plane and go to another country
what ever happened to Creppy Little White Girl? u should have her back on the show
Bring out the BTR, bro. (; Lol.
Adrian Gonzalez has his stroke down, 8 HR's so far with 8 outs in 1st round of Home Run Derby.
The cocktail w/Fino Sherry and Orange Bitters (name?) was a hit at #FamilyDinner last night- thx for the inspiration!
Awe, my chiquita is afraid of the lightning so she's hiding under my bed. So cute
Most wonderful time of the year... Love the holidays!!! <3
teaching my sister how to play untouchable on guitar. it feels so good to be better than her at something, especially what i love most.
Missing seeing you both!
Couple of days off in #Omaha. What is everyone doing?
Thanks for the tweet re Mr. Cardinal photo. Blog comments seem ok now.
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others." -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Does anyone have a web series they watch on a regular basis? If so, which one?
are you a bot?
#mdcsymposium Do we need to raise awareness among students about their digital footprints (privacy, etc.)? How savvy are they?
Thanks! Yes, Gerima (whose work I love) and a host of others.
who's ready for a semantic debate?
"Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it." - Salvador Dali I need to remind myself constantly...it relieves stress.
HISTORY OF RAP! Jimmy Falon and Justin Timberlake. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE JIMMY FALON. Justin isn't bad either.
Someone in the office is watching/listening to every #Mac commercial ever made. Literally! Too funny.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon?
Driving to a meeting I caught "Patience" start to finish on XM. Still think its one of the most moving songs ever.
If gas prices really do get up to $5 a gallon by the end of this year, hit me up if you want to fuck shit up.
The eve of my first half marathon
I have to work until 9:30 :(
Monday...madness! Anyone going through it?
I miss volleyball so much
the nutrition app on Android is broke yo. It tells me I've entered no food when I've entered a few items.
Welcome to new followers - makers of the very awesome Cocaine Cowboys documentary! SWEET!
WHY HIDE FROM YOURSELF
Many thought Measure L was a bad option, but its passage does show L.A. that people care about their libraries. Glad it passed!
Life is, more than anything, 10 minutes past 9.
Break That Single challenges all the indie artist to be their best do their best and give mainstream a run for their money.
Got plenty of sleep and I feel like I didn't even get an hours worth... 2 PowerPoint/presentations, exam, work then finally girls night
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
Ugh I had to miss #SandersSunday :(((( hopefully pey recorded it
Can someone explain how it is 1600 EDT. I don't remember doing the time warp.
Getting my nerd on for tomorrow's feature Stay tuned!
I put people's feelings before mine sometimes when I know they wouldn't do the same for
I don't hate it. It just wasn't my favorite one.
-- do you offer #API access (at least) to your rank oriented data space?
My favorite part of traveling is seeing new things. taken time off to relax, and have fun.
You're about as cool as the side of the pillow I always use..
We love our Julians in the Dio of Chi!
Cincinnati. Time to learn to love chili.
ik and i would totally scream in fear. And excitement. my grandpa thinks i have ADHD.
Hi was wondering if you be interested in a freelance UX Arch position in Philly?
I'm never up at 2am, get outta here pneumonia
dang got work in the morning ! then pumpkin patch with mercy and
I hate that fake baby voice Courtney does. IMO This #bachelor just doesn't want to send the slut home b4 sealing the deal.
TFF really? I'm sure you mean thanks for following rather than the texting definition - confusing to many though - thanks
I totally love love Ariana more each second!!
Omg yes The Lucky One. Hes so hot. :D
I'm great love . So what have you been doing today?
Another day in reptile paradise. Human paradise, not so much. Unless U like 2 sweat buckets.Then it IS paradise 4 you U. Enjoying AC today.
thank you ... i just have so much to upload .. and double check.. whatthefrank needs 300 pages uploaded.. for example
just got a 3D copy of the Color Purple
Im Gettin Tatted Either Today Or Tommarow
hi Emma I'm a big fan. Thanks for following me;)
Thank you! So never an issue with Stubhub? Just got done reading reviews...kinda scary.
Hello SUPER MOON!!
Brown bag talk at the office I interned with in college.
RT : Embracing uncertainty is the key to creativity
I'm going to be in Kentucky the 1st thru the 4th :(
not everyone can be classy like us ;)
Celebrating! New Roommate is really cool.
Playing at Bentz Street Bar in Frederick, MD this Friday night. Come out and enjoy the funk!
I can't wait for your book #ACCELERATED to come out! I've always believed in the over-medication of Americans.. but kids too?
Oh Child! Things Are Gonna Get Easier!
- Who knows, he could be the next Jamie Moyer. I predict 3 more retirements/comebacks for Andy before his career is over
#eecms "go to" Content Management System
Getting ready for our NYC Trip in a few weeks...
Feelin like I got morning sickness or somethin :(.....where tf it come from that fast?
it's kind of late. What's out?
I Got My Vans On But They Look Like Sneakers.
welcome back, one of my first twitter pals! phone's dying; electricity's still out... resume convo tomorrow!
I bit into a soggy waffle today and thought of you! Loool.
I'm the bitch people go to when they got ashy skin. I can start a business. I would make that money. People are thirsty for some lotion.
Who wants a free #ShareHappy t-shirt! RT with #IWANTONE and we will pick a winner in the next 15 mins!
yeah may need to. Trying to avoid drugs
It is freezing in this house!!!! Turn on the heat!
ah you finally get to enjoy that glorious American pastime. What are you and Kurt watching first?
hey cool so this data analysis that i thought was going to be a total wash is actually coming up with some significant stuff AWESOME
thanks for the RT; and we have a couple of social media jobs open (hint-hint), call our Mpls. office.
Lunch need to hurry up in come, them sugar cookies calling my name
Happy Mother's Day to all bossa nova loving mom's today!
Sick of this cold weather in April. Where's the spring sunshine?
time to fly!
S/o for the follow!
My toe nail cracked :(
Misha Peric is working on the animations for this crazy little bot :-). Thanks for the hard work!
Im So Damn Tired Of This WHOLE Thing ... Flat Out!!.
#fml laptop tooks a shit and now it won't turn on
My power nap didn't help me stay awake in this class
You damn right I bought this juice box at Starbucks.
Legends. Don't. Die. At least he has a trend about him, you never will.
I was winking towards the macker tweet as in if you need an extra guy and/or cheerleader let me know
We're on the right now "Big Beef Paradise"!
but I LOVE YOU
Thanks so much for the follow, guys!
Thanks for the RT and for following us. Did you get a chance to try our delicious tortas yet? Saludos :)
Goodnight everyone! I love you all<3
Listening 'Professor Green - Remedy ft Ruth Anne LyricsHD' of '(null)'
Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Looks like another storm's comin
#FACT Thomas Eddison, (the guy who invented the light bulb) was afraid of the dark. #RETWEET? :)
hey Victoria i LOVE your show and i am so happy you won favorite tv show!!!!!!!!!!!
We love you lovin' our tee! It looks great on you BTW! Now all you need is a shotgun and a melee weapon, we'll bring crossbows.
Thanks to you as well!
Thanks Molly! Hello brettish!:) Nice taste in music, you have!:)
I be h8tin all right, hating the devils inside of you
how is that at all racist? If a player was from England and some one made a fish & chips joke no one would bat an eye.
I haven't spoken to you before or seen you have I ?
My dad just got club seats for the Ed Belfour Heritage Night game… March 25th cannot get here fast enough!
IT WAS PERFECT<3
I am heading to the bar for a glass of wine if anyone wants to join me! :)
| Nice note cards!
Just realized Bob from #Bobsburgers is the same voice as #Archer! They should put Archer on #FoxSundays instead of this crappy burger show!
I'm in more pain and I threw up today so idk if school tomorrow and if I do go then I get out of pe
if you add an ies to a word you drop the y.
Tax dollars hard at work... In Pittsburgh police spend all day investigating a murder scene; the murder scene... A MOVIE SET! LMAO!!!!
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
haha aw. It was really funny! How'd you do in micro?
Congrats are in order to for advancing to round 2 of the NHL Playoffs with the #Flyers!
enjoyed the interview with #Adele. Only #live West Coast would be better.
Prize for best commute goes to the guy with the briefcase and tie who was skateboarding to work.
RT " should follow their the best fan in the world ---> " ONE request !!! ONE request!!!!
shut the he'll up
Is it normal if I go through one tube of mascara in a week?!?
I can't wait. I'm off to watch now. I can't wait to see how Kathryn's alive when her heart was in a box.
Shame, shame, shame on those who are distorting the life of "deceased" Prof. Derrick Bell. I applaud his widow, his students, his legacy!
haha maybe we can chill cuz ill be down here, july im moving :o
We sure as hell tried. Good effort from one of the best group of men to wear the crimson and blue ever.
biggest mistake that a girl could ever do... tell a boy she likes him cause they take it to a whole other level!
what's the matter JCJ?
I am not a morning person!
Hey buddy thank you for posting my video. I have a new one that i think you would love.
#iss2011 trying to think of deal breakers in digitization is complex
great pick!!
I am my thoughts & my actions are submissive to my thoughts.
Christina, can I book you for a birthday party? Please reply
I am pretty exhausted.
to teach cost-effective audience development strategies in the Odets during Get Your Print Books and E-Books Noticed
Tonight -WEIRDOWLKAROKE , 70'S&80'S NIGHT- RICHIE'S ALL STARS. WIN A FREE IPOD.Bud Light girls are Here. Bud Light Bottle $2.50
it wont work
no is not hahahah is annoying lol :P
Life has been crazy. Just trying to make it enjoyable. Transitioning well underway. One more week and the real fun begins.
is leading a seminar on enhancing online user experience.
seen the video to the new song...what's up on the remix?
Go follow
Friends: How many of us have them # Friends
wasn't he in the tape wit Kim K?
Hey thanks for signing up for the AT&T #mobilehackathon #education in Palo Alto!
87 degrees is the new 77 degrees.
According to , helps its grad fellows become "vaguely dangerous" in a number of different areas.
Two Sharpie references in the one tweet? Honestly! RT : Yes I went Sharpie on Florida. Earliest Sharpie of the tourney so far
quote from newspaper: When I Realized It Was All About Money, I Made Sure I Was In Control
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay that i trust someone
Oh I thought u did it on the iPhone. But still good to no <U+E00E>
Performing #Environmental Due Diligence is similar to being a doctor where the more you know the easier it is to treat the problem.
Indeed, but he was not nearly the hipsterest hipster there. I might give that title to the guy with Flock of Seagulls hair.
Lies!!!!! RT : #Cancer cannot handle multiple partners. They stick to one.
Got my quilt expanded by two rows yesterday and the inner border sewn on! Now for the outer border and QUILTING--dum dum dun!
All this years ACM winners are locked and loaded on
Never a dull moment in the #BBN my stomach aches and it's like it's the last part of a game on the edge of my seat for an announcement
How do I know who to connect to Gina ?
Hey You guys ! Follow , She helped with #Bring1DtoHawaii !
right on! thanks, see ya next time.
Current speakers: Sports- Journalism-
Waiting for Carol, so then I can go to the confra. c:
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing your THIRD place Milwaukee #Brewers! Yay.
Last night there was a lot of mean muggin' and date grippin' lololol sorry bout it .
Beautiful! I need to go there now. RT #Ireland in Photos: on.natgeo.com/mYjMrP
Recognizing 's family at #hillman2012. His two daughters are here tonight.
You are the results of the greater ones decision. No adversary can stop you or harm you because you have already won and you are destined …
Dodger fans don't worry Andre Ethier will most likely remain a Dodger
Buffalo chicken soup! And the best rueben around?.stop in and find out.
Pondering movies for #hillyhundred weekend. Already screened Breaking Away, Chasing Legends, Flying Scotsman. Other recommendations?
“: Welcome home #roaddron.”<<< it's good to be home!!
Love you sis! It's been a blast chillin with you these last few weeks. I'm gonna miss you like WOAH!
Being sick on the weekend is the worst. :(
opens tomorrow and runs for a week! TY for the tweets and retweets. Looking forward to everyone seeing it!!
that's because your wrong a lot.
Zack Greinke is mowing down the
gonna be in the house tonight!
los 33!!! chi chi chi le le le, los mineros de Chile!!!
Just finished fun interview with Billy Mitchell, in-house historian at Did u know Ella Fitz Gerald won amateur night at 15?
Which of your critical health needs have been solved by the simple solution of #GoogleIt? Let know!
the vw motorcycle!
Sunday Funday @ Spy Bar Open Bar till 11
Did u ever moon a person?
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
Happy hour starts in 15 minutes
"Is it true all French flags have the red and blue sections velcroed onto a white base for easy removal?"
Off to odark30studio to visit my friend Brad! And to master the new album! Hi ho hi ho! Off to work we go! 4 years in the making!!!
Am I the only one not getting the feed on the #comm_college virtual symposium?
i feel sick as fuck!! this medicine aint shit
When I text you, that means I miss you. When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me.
I love when I get to empty the lint trap in the dryer.
Ha u can never have enough bourbon. :) lol jk u cann
Fuck you if you think someone should have to change for a significant other.
Im off i need something to do that doesnt require me working
": wish #oomf would call me !" Sorry I'm married ;) Lmao jk
A5 B) willingness of customers to understand sometimes brands break their promise as a way to improve & want constructive criticism
Graduation party hopping...
RT : I can't help but shake my head at people who want content but want neither to pay for it nor look at/watch/listen to ads.
RT : Hold life's goodness securely in your heart. Move forward with confidence, knowing it is always there.
F-16's not F-15's
the fast blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
A beautiful day in Vegas...drop of some old tennis shoes for our shoe drive and grab some FoYo
#GreysonMMag When you're old enough to drive, what type of car are you getting? :)
"Cause mama, mama I'm coming home..."
How's it going with that New Year's Resolution?
Attitudes shape behavior in social media:If you want someone to connect w you via #Twitter or #FB are you including links in your signature?
you buff goof ball ! :-)
gah chelsea grin sounds so good. like good pain. i love it.
lmfao RT“: * comes out of no where & holds me back *”
seriously! but hey you do save money, wish I was saving money ._.
Honored to get to attend the #powmia recognition ceremony at the pentagon today.
Don't You Talk While I'm Talking You Better Mute It !
Study Claims Flaws Caused Nuclear Leak Laguna Beach Independent Changes at San Onofre nuclear power plant that“crammed”400 additional pipes
If I Bought tickets on fandango how do I pick them up and where!???
I hate how little middle schools stare at me
okay so i actually went to six flags yesterday but it was fun. it was pouring out for like 2 and a half hours but it was empty! - eugene
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Officially rampaged.
The Black Diamond will live 2 ride another day. But this bill tho...Lord I thank you 4 blessing us w/ favor. When you fret just PRAISE HIM!
lol they get a whopping $230 a year to be the good lil nazi ! most they've ever earned in a year tho !
belting out whitney houston.
anyone know if it's possible to transfer ebooks (From ibooks, kindle, etc) into Google Books to have them all accessible from one place?
Need a reroof. We do all types of roofs Plus we are General Contractors 305-232-3344
"You can forgive a fool because he only runs in one direction & doesn’t deceive anybody. It’s the deceivers who make you feel bad
yow mi day was far i enjoy
she's a talented girl. watch out.
is college life fun ?
You are refreshing :)
I LOVE this new Tim Burton wallpaper. soo awesome!!
According to these candidates Obama has done nothing right and their going to set everything right through no taxes and deregulation.
I cringe when I see or hear that.
listen to my heart; just as one beat ends, another starts.
I am appauled to see that a certain topic is trending. I will not name it because I don't want to add to its numbers but it is NOT FUNNY!
Rev. Calvin Butts standing ovation for a lyrical statement, quoting poetry and MLK and prose, capturing black experience in America
is not sure this tweeting and twitting is all it's cracked up to be...
I agree! GrRr RT : better not ever go away!!!!!
Why do they have to be such dicks about it I'm just trying to find my friend...
Im in Miami
thanks for the follow!!
We Train, We Supply, & We Manufacture. Boost UR income in 30 days with hair extensions OR just buy the best wig around! www.drwiggys.com
I'll call museum & ask
you dont REALLY mean that... you know you support the jersey dress movement
are you grannies little boy ? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><3<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I have no emotional connection to Davy Jones or WABB, but tons clearly did. RIP to both.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can<U+0092>t accept not trying. Michael Jordan”
Always though Colonel Sanders did. . . RT Black people perfected Chicken
Everytime i eat girl scout cookies i thik about
lol oh hush you know you got hyped that I responded to your foot tweet
Saw my middle school math teacher that used to hate me and a drag queen at work tonight...haha. Weird night.
king of spiders, lord of goblins, and prince of all that goes bump in the night
Art is the only thing that can save me now.
damn. all of my dreams are about missing birth control pills and deadlines.
If I weren't in Vegas I'd be in Hastings, NE for Whoopers and Hoopers
Go Blue!!!!!! RT : Student section has taken the field, celebrating at midfield.
yay! rosie's in da hood!
rip tom bosley.
Yeah, you know the Boyfriend music video? I just watched it. I'm jealous of that Selena lookalike. Be mine now? ;D
On my way to work!!!
did I just get an exclusive #ff ? Omg!
Great to see #Arsenal 's Invincibles win Best Prem team ever.
New avi , old picture .
hit my line
on my phone. . . I can't see pictures -_- i was colouring in a colouring book and had to colour one
One Week Till Try-outs.
My mom was just singing One Direction. She said "It's a cute little ditty. It got ok reviews." WHAT?!
Thank you so much for helping us out this morning, If the whole music thing doesn't work out, let's talk! :)
I am with u on this one!!!
sounds like a solid plan to us!!!!
I favored it cause its so true tho hah
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx4
Will check it out - thx for tip :) -CV
RIP Bob Probert. Punch an angel for us.
GIRLS GONE WILD THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ Broadway Bar!!!! $500 WET Bikini Contest I highly suggest to ARRIVE EARLY RT & get a FREE DRINK!!!!
I don't know how to use twitter lol there's no like button but thanks for the shoutouts man
Why did you stop Mika from asking a ? of the Republican House leader wed morn? You are not fair to her or your listeners
No not Matt
Speechless.... This is the time to step it up!
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Not too bad just heavy snow and no plows!
wow, what the heck?
Longest day ever. I'm going to bed. Peace out.
haha she was my teacher freshman year lol
ring ring hi mr track coach layla can't go to practice cause she has very nice seats at the brewer game sorry bro
The Official Yesterday EP has been released! Visit yesterdayrock.com and go to the store to grab yours!
Shower, then off to bed.
May 26 RT when the #Fornication video dropping?
Lucky Koreans RT : Yea! Im back Korea! RT : Save the date: at club octagon, seoul. June 5th 2012.
We will be attending from Cleveland, Ohio! We are very excited to hear what has to say!
so back up off of me, you're weirrrding me out.
You wouldn't invite friends over to a messy house so why would you invite potential buyers. Before going to market - DECLUTTER!
so cool!!!
we play this game over nd over hopin tha results will b different
He does that weird knee crouch thing that stops the ball right in front of the catcher. A lunge, if you will.
Don't enable offenses to offend your future. Forgive the offense and empower your future.
day-drinking may be one of the best things ever
uh, what? It's not a conspiracy if it's out in the open.
#health tip: Blood sugar woes? Refined flour acts like sugar once it hits your bloodstream. Substitute with 100% whole wheat flour
Can it be? I think I'm starting to get EXCITED about Summer Reading and all the awesome stuff we have planned!
If I'm the Colts I make a waiver claim on Jason Allen...like yesterday. What do you think? .
Lol if only it worked like that!!!
Want to lose weight? Drink 16oz of cold water before each meal. Then, eat only HALF of what’s on your plate.
. love these guys 's go to spot for a cut. Was going to get a shape up from them
Last night I heard our new estate planning attorney John Yohe make a presentation- WOW- we are so lucky to have him.
Write this down! The Fashion show will be April 28th 2012! Although don't ask me who I'm wearing because I am a dingo.
Going from Cuba to Africa, off to Leige.
I've read theories that state: "There are too many free eBooks in the ether. No need to buy one for a long time."
Good research!
Ur a smart girl u know that. U will get so far in life, I believe in u.
Rachel singing "I won't give up" = AMAZING.
WHO MOVED MY CHEESE?
Thank you! I especially like that Spring is in AutoTune. Now pondering other similes: Spring is like coming off cough syrup
Do it liike a dude
Howard Stern is a passionate First Amendment advocate, yet he wants to silence criticism by fans? Nothing wrong here...
Sleeping in contacts..
Thanks for your good wishes! Things are looking very promising for good weather thankfully!
Ah, gotcha:-)
I hate being jealous ..
Thank you both. Suggest I start with tongue blocking or puckering?
It's a trip how we follow the celeberity's and they dont return the favor and follow us back wow bs in the air
OK THEN
On the South side of campus today. Seeing all the nerd archetypes I hung with as a computer science major.
There's something really bothersome about saying "I'm okay w/ marriage equality AND what happened yesterday in North Carolina."
Yep what are you let m. guess Mexican
how about something with salted caramel?
#bookteeveemashups Dr. Jekyll and Mister Ed
The only real change in OneNote is adding the ribbon.
Finished working on the newsletter and looking forward to seeing you at the Spring Contest..Send a message for more information
Consumers sharing more personal info—daily outfits—lets brands see vivid picture of habits and a look into actual closets.
“: Opening up tomorrow at Noon. Address 3333 Midway Suite 104." Soft opening come and check it out.
. told me to take a hike. So I'm going to.
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google
Yes, figured it out eventually
My feet hurt
Your choice to not respond with "you know what else is definitive on vinyl? Your mom" shows significant restraint on your part.
wow! Good luck! What are you studying? :)
You could use his titles: The Abundant Tweeter, or His Tweets, In His Arms, in Light, Aloft.
Apparently a lot of people I know are at google today! :) your pics remind me of ye'olde Aol days
Thanks for the follow
#phillyete We found lost equipment in one of the conference rooms last night. Stop by the conference table for details.
We're down 35, kind of hard to believe anything now
aw you're welcome!
Just finished 3 beautiful women done with complete makeup in less than 40min for Clinton Kelly's Makeover Segment on The Chew!!!
There are only two things in life, reasons and results.. reasons simply don't count. Dr. Robert Anthony
Nvm, they're not compatible… Verizon Black iPhone 4s 16gig for sale…
#RT #Thanksgiving at #Montage #BeverlyHills. Buffet, live music and more. Enjoy This #Thanksgiving!!
actually it's pretty good, for a minute I thought he was a sissy until I watch the show. There's hot females everywhere.
thank youu! btw love the username ;)
'ello loves, we are playing at the hidden castle in norman this sun 12/12 around 7:30pm for a film showing..we play in the movie and...
yeah I know.
Money to blow sadly
I think not that hard, to be honest.
I think the anonymous comments/blogs completely de-legitimizes rostra.
The Amon Tobin set was awesome last night! 'Grats to the #Nebula team on the launch and thanks for the great party!
farts sound weird in the morning.
-- is really good at PR :-P
NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories coming SOON. How does Sunday sound?!
“The frame has died, long live the pixel”
"The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity." -- Peter Drucker, Businessman
yes I know!:) so proud
Like if you'd like StoneAge to play in the Rockwall /Rowlett area!
Oyster Hour Starts Now & Lasts all Night! Drop by for $4 Wines, $3 Drafts, $5 Happy Hour Plates and "Buck-a-Shuck" Local Oysters.
why do we say something is "out of whack"? so if something is normal, is it "in whack"?
Coming Up Next on the TJMS: Former ATL Housewife Sheree Whitfield joins the party!
my back hurts!:/
No light, no light in your bright blue eyes.
OH MY GOD HI RT ": omfg where have you been I haven't talked to you in 10 years"
Must read every week. RT Another great #sportsbiz newsletter from this week
You just have good taste. I always find the expensive stuff at those stores.
Love it! A lot of great design for entertainment sites. I will keep you in mind for sure. Thanks!
should consider having Jasmine Beach-Ferarra on as a panel guest
More than you want, less than it seems like, and not forever though it will often feel like it.
Bitch, why you gotta be so
So call me maybe?(;
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you leave, commit to staying.
proud of you and thankful for your greatness! Proud to be a #Packers fan, #GoPackGo!!!!
Hey Hear you might be home this time of year. Hope you stop by the shop if you are. First round on
nah, just a stressful one. Weekend!
When your in the middle of an amazing dream and wake up in the best part -.-
We'll be picking the winners of our #allamerks ticket giveaway at 3:30pm. Last chance to tweet why you should get two tickets to the game.
I never win anything ,I could be the only name in the drawing and still not win.ha
let's do this thang!
fuck outta here!!! You don't even know these people. Back up
#DunkContest is boring!
Best way to spend the morning before a closing shift? 3-mile run. Let's hope I don't need a nap this afternoon now.
wonder if that is 600 pairs of tickets or just 600 tickets ie 300 ppl
Finally having red hair has paid off! Got a modeling job cause of my "edgy" look. x)
those are the cutest!!!
thanks I will! (: hows life treating ya?
why do people I dont follow come up in my time line?
Broncos staff surprised Dook even had a football team. Hope they enjoyed their visit to the Triangle.
I been gone
Emma Watson -- She's a Little Bit Country
#FollowFriday Here are some people I like to follow and read:
KT is in this heat starting P3
If you order from #homedepot.com - pray that your items arrive in perfect order or this will be the worst return of a lifetime.
Watching Batman: The animated series.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Thanks Bishop Boyd!! RT : Happy Birthday bro!!!!
Whenever someone in your family has a baby & you want to hold her forever...
Yes (runs in any browser), yes and yes. LEDES invoicing too.
pretty sure that's on right after World's Best Car Chases and before When Vacations Attack.
Bitchh, your like a refrigerator.. Everyone's stuck their meat in you, x)
this snow is more beautiful knowing that it probably won't be around very long :)
That weed dealer is mad at us for having medical cards and not buying strictly from street dealers. WTF?
Going to see the bakery and grab a bite to eat. You?
Competitive pricing is one thing, but selling at or near cost just to bring in traffic puts mom-and-pops out of business. Seen it before.
So happy I worked out and then had a double-double protein style. So good, it feels like Saturday night.
holy lightning and thunder! couldn't do his liveshot at Hood to Coast for fear of being a lightning rod!
Follow back? :) <3
...my truck just got out of the shop today. Unexpected vehicle maintenance costs are the WORST. Hope you get it back soon!
wrote some good lyrics today inspired by the separation of two friends. Sad but ok for them and good for me to be able to write about it!
Well be here till 11. We look forward to seeing you.
Wondering why citizen science & serious leisure are so rare in the social sciences. Any counterexamples?
Oh no, we came to look for you today - didn't know you update on twitter!
FAIL! Handing out red ribbons for World AIDS Day in #CLE, I was ignored by many on E. 4th. Save the tatas= cheers! Save lives= ohmygod, No!
come to my house and entertain me
YEAH, but they were MANLY; all waffley, rough & itchy! These are fine, silky, show-off-legs-hold-back-guts, printed FANCYPANTS!!!
2 be wrong is nothing unless you continue 2 remember it..
im so incredibly proud of you guys. #dirtywork is amazing! Keep up the good work <3
Sunny day outside! goin to my friends house..
Listening to our record haul from yesterday. We found some gems.
After watching the Champ Bailey press conference, I realized there's nobody Im more happy 4 w/ Manning here. Champ has a chance at Lombardi!
hi AP can I get a RT 4 being the biggest Vikes fan & still believing the 12-4 vikes will make the playoffs. Have a nice day
hngn' out, mssn' rnd'. had our best #scidentity session w/ middle schlr's today. read briane greene and some hunger games. had lots o' fun!
hey wait a minute! lol... did you find a way around it or are you not there yet? or am i just wrong?
waiting to hear about an lease application... waiting for some one to rifle through my credit always makes me nervous
Love is a wonderful thing.You never have to take it away from one person to give it to another.There's always more than enough to go around
Kindness is never wasted. If it doesn't affect the recipient, it'll always benefit the bestower. (Prov. 11:17) It is God's will (Eph. 4:29)
The fact he has no idea how to get it off is hilarious. "will a shower get it off?!" "Evie, I need a makeup wipe."
Productive day....errands, errands and more
ill DM it to u. Im actually hitting the hay soon. I gotta get up at 5. Ill def play tomorrow
Candy tampering is almost unheard of, I'd be more concerned about pedophiles jerking off on the candy,bc perverts are gross.Happy Halloween!
Brewers + playoffs = Sweet 2008
Big time shot by AT!!! big 3-pointer to tie the game at 92 with 25.5 seconds left in the game
Oh shit. i didnt even realize :o im officially stupid, bye </3
So glad I'm oust out of work!!
Nigga can't drink like he want 2
It's GAME DAY #RavensNation LET'S GO!!!!!
so he spread poop in the sprinkler then used a fork to remove it?? Yummy
Just finished watching Avengers , that was a good movie...
- Not sure where you are in TX, but Austin Shoe Hospital is very good.
The background visualizations of the beach boys & adam levine performance are wonderful.
People on twitter are always awake...that's a good thing ;)
i love how fail Sica is in this concept to look manly. pwahhahhaha <333 Jessbian for the win!.
Exciting opp 2 undertake PhD research in2 curatorial strategies of electronic arts festivals! AHRC Collaborative PhD Studentship
Over all these fake ass dudes let's go on to the NEXT!
is teaching his choreo tonight! Come play!
MWAH HA HA!!! <<EVIL LAUGH
my next day off I'm there.
Has anyone told what that runny wet poop is called yet?
Feeling the effects of second semester senioritis...
It made Peter kick instead of stab
Best song you've written?
About a year ago, we had a disagreement about No Ordinary Family. I just finished watching all of The Shield, and wanted...
looking forward to having you JGess, it's going to be bigger and better than last year
Tito y su Son de Cuba at Yoshi's Oakland Saturday August 6 8pm!
Thanks for the FF! Have a good weekend!
Tailgating usually starts around sunrise. Come early. Be loud. Stay late. Wear orange. (I'll be rubbing brisket around 8:30.)
I fear I stepped on 's BigNietzche with that last tweet, sorry.
Great skating! RT : Holy pirates! All Stars win!! 131 to 121
RT : RT “: When you go around liking pages, you're building out your social identity #smwla #smwpaley”
Hi, do you like fantasy movies and books? If so who are your favorite authors?
Just left the hospital pray for alex
I wish writers stop naming their plays with ridiculous bullshit titles. No sorry that doesn't help sell tickets. Idk what the hell it is.
Hearing the word flashback followed by The Perfect Drug makes me really sad.
dont you want them to win so we can knock them out
'ask my bodyguard who hates me' - Milk Dee
Great set by , hit the stage in 20min!
I'm #bossy.. I'm the first girl to spin on his track
"Goals are dreams with deadlines." ~Diana Scharf Hunt
YES! NO! ALWAYS....NO! YES
My boyfriend is MY BEST FRIEND! :-)
I think that's what it was, but Dems need to embrace and run on backing BHO, though congress should present budget propasals
Hope you score some new gear!
If I were invited to a dinner party with my characters, I wouldn't show up. ~ Dr Seuss
#MissAmerica in less than a month! Who will be the next #Queen?
": I don't hate you, I just dislike your existence."
I miss my Teddy Bear :( Life is just not the same without but i'm trying hard to stay uplifted.. Help me Jesus....
Going storm chasing next summer :D
. "assortive mating" - high earners marrying other high earners, accelerating inequality trends
Awesome! Thanks for the tip. How are you?
haha.. yep :DD lol I hate this! ~~ have a nice few hours of your weekend girls :))*
“: "If you don't drink, then all of your stories suck and end with, 'And then I got home.'" — Jim Jeffries #beerquotes”
Sitting on my porch, smoking and writing a screenplay. I can only imagine how many people in this city are doing this exact same thing.
RT "Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present." Albert Camus
oh well sad for them lol
False...the cat had wings!!
I got my lil family growin... I dont need ur help! Ur dismissed... Been dismissed at that...
He makes a team want to rise up..even if Pau was the one who really brought the most...and Blake was awesome...
it was so good I loved it!!
Good Morning loves, today is my first day at the new job yay! #kindanervous #wishmeluck Enjoy ur Monday loves! Xx
I'm happy I'm going to Hollywood!
#BETaward so was that the preview for the Braxton family album
Parcels out of the #Saints candidacy? Looks like they'll have to scramble.
Ok so the girl at football keeps going back into the jr high locker room and we keep telling her to stop but she won't listen
appreciate it
LADIES WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR YOU!!!
At the theater with GIJ to see The Avengers.
Eek. How is the Komen Foundation leeching from Planned Parenthood?
Remember when you were little & though the wall was a HUGE paper
is retweeting everybody about this movie #BattelfieldAmerica !!!
Gotcha! Will keep my eyes peeled.
please explain why/how this happened hahaha
At for Derby Day with and
We got a decent amount of rain, but not to the level you would have guessed judging by the thunder and lightning.
Omg...I Just had a heart attack... is FOLLOWING ME!!! OMG I AM LIKE EXPLODING OMG CODY
damn dat sucks
I can't stand mike breen
thanks for the follow Tim
Best news I've heard in months RT Have Your Heard? We are launching a New Website in early Spring...stay tuned for details!
WOW it's crazy, they miss out on there GCSE's and everything! i want to get my life on track first be with someone i love!
No one has the right to judge you. They might have heard your stories, but they didn't feel what you were going through.
anyone can tweet about MY Lord and Savior Jesus Christ!..dat don't make them godly...
hahaha I kno right he's so beautiful in that movie
Ryan Braun just said in his best Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber voice, "so you're telling me there's a chance"
enjoying the weekend
fucking headaches suck.
ok. Good!
Happy Hearts in a happy house equal a Happy Home!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the follow! How is going? I'd love to still chat about it if you have any free time :)
is the cemetary full of clowns, too?
mhm, keep talkin im so damn scared. seriously I never liked you for the start! I hate youh(: peacee out brrooo!
In coaches box @ 3rd - youngest son on 2nd - oldest rips HR over the CF's head - Daughter & wife in the stands - Check please, no, I'm good
It Feel So Good To be Home
AMAZING made me cry :') one of my favorite nights ever!
Good morning twitter fam! Have a great day and have fun while you're doing it.
Come and check out New Salmon Dish !
bring them to SF please
hey go follow , she follow back :D plz follow
RT : Hey #SanDiego... We've got your deal for today in Mission Hills. Just $5! Get yours now!...
HAPPY HAPPY birthday to my ! I would give anything to celebrate it with you. Tu me manques. <3
A good day at #DHCS2011 thanks to speakers , volunteers, participants.
looking for a #photographer to take your #headshots? want to know what others think of him/her?
Hey, just posted an interesting blog by Mike Chavez about bloblive on www.downtownster.com. Time for coffee at Bottega Louie 7th & Grand!
thanks for nicely telling me I'm a wicked bitch.
": Can't say the word #Vegas on Twitter without getting spammed by bots and "
Preservation Society of Fells Point and Federal Hill does design review for the Fells local district.
dick head
Has your church sponsored or supported a church plant?
Agnostic historian says Jesus did exist
At a marketing seminar working with students on entrepreneurial business approaches.
please follow would you do that for this fan
Lupia. In attempts to educate the public and policymakers abt science, failure is common. The problem isn't 'them,' it's us.
next Tuesday! I wish we could've came to sarahs :(
she wanted to do 5 seconds, and I was like heeeeeeeeellll naw gurl!
it's gone!
Scene: line outside building with thumping music leaking out the door. Guy walking by- is this a club? Guy in line- nope, its a church. Ha!
She probably started talking politics/immigration with him...
If it makes you happy,then why the hell you so sad?
Im upset because people steal my fucking edits and say its there's. UGH, MAKE YOUR OWN EDITS.
Good morning world
Alexander Penney~ The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands.
RT : RT : open up the Blazer chat,, (It's open now)
A Christmas without is not a Christmas at all.
nope, not yet...need to complete application first!
Remember to help a stranger today!
80's New Wave and Pop playlists while driving on a sunny day = Heaven.
Contact and capture confirmed.
Please ask him who is the underwritter for the FED and the IBS ( International Bank Of Settlement...PLEASE.
Spring Beauty Trend #4: Full Brows. Tip: to groom brows and still keep them natural, just tweeze stray hairs underneath your arch.
wish i had somethin to tweet about oh well
imitation is the biggest form of flattery
i' m going into the eight grade too..
There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol
Watching The Killing with Viggle Sun | 6PM | AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited about the new video series we are doing for We got to fire machine guns yesterday!
It's a #Canes kind of day.
ROBERT. hi.
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she don't kno ice cube was a rapper
what are you guys doing after?
For real though, Malaki on BGT is the cutest thing.
when the eff do tickets go on sale??
Too bad the Jordy Nelson event starts at 4 at Southridge. There's no way I'd make it. But I'd love to meet him. I love him.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
that's cool! I'll have to look into them. We designed the logo so its definitely ours! :)
We were in the Industrial Age, then the Information Age. Perhaps now we are in the Inspiration Age
I didn't get a chance to ask how was Greece?
We're marching to one police plaza
number of viewers means nothing...maybe you should just admit you are the racist here
traveling and enjoying life
Breakfast meeting this morning Love the breakfast sandwich. Make it lite w/lite cheese and no butter.
Just remember when no one else is there for you I will be
Youtube needs the ability to search lyrics for those times when I can't remember the name of the song!! Hello!
Ok just send them as soon as you can
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.
BCEC room 104 A/B 10:30-Noon Today. Mobile Technologies & Next Generation Catalogs: LITA Next Generation Catalog IG at ALA Boston
Have a great show!!! Can't wait to see the pics and hear the stories...
I am betting against the Giants in that series..
Come get your #magnatiles today! They won't be in stock long! Our friends at #valtech shipped a limited # and they arrived at the Quarry...
I feel so close to you.
well yea it sux for now...
Meeting today with #CelebrationFoundation and a networking event this evening. Lots to look forward to.
I hear that it's smoke from some fires north east of phx
sadly, we played that already tonight. Sorry.
That line will open doors for you...just watch and see!
": Going to make a video for sing like contest"...do it! You could be the first video posted!!
RT : Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn't be its precondition.
Thanks for the #FF!
Tiny thirsty. She paid & wants her friend money too?! That's WRONG. I say Shenika should get 70
Niggas Ain't Loyal, That's Means Niggas Ain't For You!
After 1 too many dry, icky cupcakes, it's official. I'm so over cupcake trucks.
Are you serious!
#ITALYLOVESDEMI Love you :)
where did you move to now?
it will take 4-5 days to cash, so prob not until like tues/wed. Not sure how many left/started b/c theres 4 day 1s
thanks for the 5 tips !
palm tree dance ?!
oops meant to reply not rt... Miles head looks good wasnt he on Boston? Trade?
failing to admit you like twitter...
#GreatnessIs having the pride which compels a man to do his best, even when no one is watching
I love your guys music you guys are great ;)
Seriously an Oshowatt stuffed animal that turns into a pokeball like a popple. Thats at the top of my things I need list.
Last practice day of the week! Preparing for another great weekend
I got enough notice, but they never got the paper reply I sent to them and then sent me a threatening letter.
The only time your name on twitter should be 'Katy Perry' is if YOU ARE Katy Perry. If not, please sit down and stay irrelevant.
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want to know how much my believe stone i handed u at the show meant to you?
get @ me then ull win
their last album sounded like spoon too. I like spoon but I want more of what the first album dropped.
Headed 2 the gym with my dad nd my best friend, then heading 2 Red Lobsters 2 watch the Bulls
YOU have a head problem being in love with Justin Bieber.
If it's any consolation.......nope
Would like to thank ALL of you who tweeted me the awesome snowboarding vids...WE HAVE A WINNER............
Nuggets win in overtime!!! Love Denver sports!!
Oh! Are you ok?
loved seeing on today a mere days after Jessy visited and my Women in the Civil Rights class!
Is suspension really making you that bored??
Gsag is our alert
Yeah! I had no idea. I'm going to see if we can work in some press coverage ;)
I love Jaws, but isn't he going out of his way to talk up Brett Favre tonight? Both Jaws and Gruden are high on Favre and Pete
I just got fortune cookie ripped off. " hallelujah " That is not a fortune. I came here for a fortune and I got a church song.
I WAS JUS TRYNA PUT U N CHARGE OF SUMTHIN
If you never wanna be sad , why you always watching sad shit thats why your life fucked up , watch Disney .
Thanks for the follow Garden<U+2665>Tricks (GardenTricks)! :)
Heartbreaking roller coaster for Deccan Chargers fans. Congrats to Delhi for holding on.
I'm hanging in there. Pretty much in a brain fog. Funeral is Fri then celebrating my dad's 85th on Sat. Roller coaster wknd.
Yes, I have Dropbox
Absolutely RT A2 Shopping local businesses! Its fun to find those little independent gems around your neighborhood!
Writing about nuclear disarmament protest in New York City on June 12, 1982--were you there?
They kick u out for that.. for real tho
Happy birthday little bro u finally turning your two digits!!!! Now its time for me to get my punches....haha
Hopefully tomorrow they gave her the longest sentence. Im still pissed off at the verdict grrrrrr... Watching tv bored at the house !!!!
RT Early #FF to - brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle #eventprof and a good friend new to Twitter!
Is your concept marketable? If you & your friends wouldn't even be excited to go out and see your movie maybe it's not worth executing well.
The Maury Show is foolery
You know im always blunted and wen we done u might feel it in yo stomach ;)
I'm going to take my bitchy self outside before I make trouble for myself on the intertron. Twitter GM's, take to the skies!
On my way to court to bail some people out.
I wanna fall asleep in ur arms I want u to be the one to wipe away my tears I want u to be the 1 u say goodnight baby to I want to b yours
done and done!
What going on this winter Lakedra?
I just finished a 7.14 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
LOVE YOU
. I guess I forget that the Internet is mostly just a receptacle for men to vomit misogyny into
Or like some Crocs? I don think he thought out this lyric too well...
Porsche braced for smaller sales gain in China
It smells like sea water
Now I really can't sleep!!
Thanks for the follow, Kay. Nice to be connected with you!
I will be uploading more work to my web site maryouimettekinney.com very soon.
how was the rest of the night last night?
I tip my hat to Lebron for winning his third MVP. It's not easy to play at a high level while half the world is rooting for you to fail.
dont let anyone get you down you are beatiful.
Drinking wine with Laura at Matador.
Thanks so much! ": I wish you and carl the best and hope the wedding goes great"
can you go on tour... and come to Houston please?! That would literally make my life :)
Tonight begins the long string of nightly library dates to finish my 3-20 page research papers before May 16!
I commend Gov Tomblin on his diligence, am eager to see what legislation is proposed based on the report's findings
i trust that it was a really awesome comment.
": I dont know who they are, it sounds ok , not my type of music.. Lol" I know, vampires aren't singing it
We'd LOVE to tell you the story of a high school teacher who's trying to change democracy with a website. Tell us more!
I am setting up a traffic exchange for local Lake Norman Companies. If you would like to advertise your web site for free, e-mail me
": #FF Nice guy, good baseball writer, glorious mullet." In Maine that doesnt even qualify as a mullet! Lol
Aw yeah!!
thanks, Jen!
"It was Wednesday, December 7. It was raining in New York. Working bunko when I heard. Officer Bill Gannon was the best, just a fact."
rumors have the most mysterious information don't they? :) jkkk <3333 love you bestfweennnnd :)
Crazy woman on the bus is really, really, really excited about the rainbow we can see down the street
"Close Only Counts In Horseshoes And Hand Grenades" - Jesse The Body Ventura
Have I ever mentioned my strong hate for Sidney Crosby?...
OK...I survived the B-day of the 10 year old & her girlfriends. I have to admit though, I did have fun watching her have fun.
see you at Kelli's first?
support struggling learners; they have authority,flexibility&accountability to plan ind&small group support
I was asleep! Lol. You can queue up. Your tumblr with posts. They feed into my twitter acct.
Love Downtown Albuquerque? Want to help make it better? Albuquerque City Council is reviewing Dwntwn Sector Plan today at 5 pm City Hall.
It's official! CleanStart will be opening the Miami location @ 6901 Biscayne Blvd this November! Until then order quality products @ myNSP!
We have a huge collection of city directories! See our visiting hours at larc.tulane.edu
It's good. Been playing a lot of FIFA and MLB. I'm more of a sports gamer.
O'l boy is just so fine. It's just ridiculous!
Zumba-a-thon with 2 of my most favorite ladies <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and the unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed
Why do drs offices smell like old people?
Anyone going to be on SOUTH BEACH tomorrow? We're shooting a music video..
RT : Average order value goes up by over 50% when social recommendations are in play
Get me to 100-150 followers so I can get this account verified!
no, I'm pulling a Moby and heading to the south side
Come back to Houston!!!
Cowboys fan...Jacoby Jones or Jabar Gaffney. Which one u want?
GUESS WHAT!? You're a cool dude. The end.
MAMA BEAR!!! I didn't see you there! How are ya, sir?
Q. Did you hear about the blind circumcisionist? A. He got the sack.
Thankfully! What publications do you write for?
Felt like i was about to sneeze all day yesterday. Finally occurred this morning. So good I had to report it. More quality news later.
Can't believe it. I still love him?
you followed like all my friends and they don't even follow you, please make my day better and follow?(: your prob won't
follow me on instagram !
Happy record store day to our friends over at and !
sounds like my kind of night.
Totally jamming out to Boyfriend in the drive thru. Love the looks I'm getting!
really enjoying for #fresh13 planning. tks
Just got a great idea for a new reality tv show.
Someone asked me recently if you can get "Ski" soda in Portland. Have you heard of it??
Text me please lost my contacts:/
TEam follow back
"Do you want your salad chopped? Or just tossed?" - The salad lady at Au Bon Pain to a customer, in public!
I wear Gucci! I wear Nikes! At the same damn time!!
#Moms from #AustinTX you need a break! Join the #1MillionMovement and be the best #mom through your #selfcare journey...
Anyone forget that we are still a band, cause we did for a little while. But we are coming back.
I think at this point, will owe us a cut of their first week's record sales.
Snowboarding and golf in same week. Why i love living in Arizona.
Who cares if we get the fumble. WHAT A HIT! That's an awesome tackle regardless
Thanks for the follow. JT!
Peculiar timing in the Seth Greenberg firing at Virginia Tech. Why wait until more than a month has passed since end of season?
Lies, I call it
xD made my night
lol I already know
Macdonalds for breakfast
I fucking hate having two other fucking people sleeping in the basement with me. They never shut the fuck up.
Reds announcers getting testy. Complaining about the strike zone.
Adventure Theatre is seeking capable after-school elementary theatre educators to teach creative drama class sections for children in grade…
omg I'm so excited. I was shopping for my dorm last night ^_^ I can't wait .!
George Jean Nathan~ Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Now that's a Team Win right there. Gomez, Choo & Pure Rage!
No worries guys I didn't fall and get big scabs or ride home with lesbos this derby
I like how pissed you got about this woman walking into you, sounds obnoxious
TEEN NIGHT AT THE MANSION LAST NIGHT WAS CRAZY AND FREAKIN PACKED... ALL LEVELS WERE FULL!! SEE YA NEXT WEEK
At school , BORED AFFFFFFF!!!!!
The site's back up, but our scheduled tweet has disappeared and I tried to post one now and it hasn't posted. Will they show up?
Barleycorn. Lincoln PArk. If ur Not Here... Sucks to Suck
I shall be trying them soon then!
Celebrating Spring Break, Here is a Free Download of Rawrr's new EP @ rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum, Code: wjg9-w6yj. First one to redeem gets it
"I'd like to say I'm glad you are back together and if I can find a way to do that and sound sincere I will."- Sheldon
Maple Leafs fire Coach Ron Wilson - Wall Street Journal
Doing Wedding makeup in Vail today! Congrats Whitney and Chris!
happy groundhhog day
Whats the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
congrats, boo!!!
Loving the whole and butt-buddying going on right now. 2 #skinnybitches . What do they snack on ??
Who has seen
Bike is boxed awaiting WB Empire Builder.
Video Chatting with Denise Donovan tomorrow. Tweet us questions with the hashtag #cpcquestion :D
Movie recommendation is Adam Sandler in "The Waterboy"
"No days off" my new motto!
Tonight! Come see our new short film "Cut '83!" at Denver Film Center (2510 E Colfax) 7:30pm, $10
that's cool. Sounds like fun
Ever heard of the "Birmingham booty call?"
Now that my emotions are involved, everything has become increasingly more difficult. :-/
Thanks for the RT!
Le'go Bulls
Time to pick up my tux from
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
I like how Jim Johnson walked off the mound like he just owned some Pony Leaguers
I'm so tired. I need a nap. :-P
Radio. RT : Pres Obama also transmitted his thanks and appreciation via radio to troops in the field.
Unequivocally: unambiguously.
Thanks for the follow! Love your concept.
If you haven't been recently, check it out. Chef Lentz and Will Douillet doing great things.
I'm sandpaper when the times get rough-
haha or jus come to my house and ill smoke you out :o
This weekend (Oct 2-3) all regular-priced costumes & toys are 20% off at Lofty Dog. Flowers, Ketchup/Mustard, Princess, Batman & more!
Good luck today at .. Hope to see tomorrow for our #TedxYouth event!
and congrats again on the wedding, it was a blast! Who is going to post videos of while your on the moon?
Twitter drawing this Sunday for the new Jazzbugs CD! Follow us to enter the drawing!
Website updated! Music streams on mobile devices now. Also if you've been voting for us in the BOTB, THANKS! We're now at #1 for #SanDiego!
Denver missed out on Flynn to Seattle. So I guess the Broncos can settle on Manning
Round of applause...clap, clap
You should of heard what my mom said about the video. My mom is such a cougar.
#StupidThingsCrackHeadsSell bike seats
thanks hon! how are you?? what's new???? you ain't so bad yourself!
sure have missed you woman!!! Can't wait to see you! Just got in town, Sure is pretty here!
I think the lovely young lady was performing, but I don't think TV guy was in on it. Where's your oddity reel?
aww, thank you Jimmy D!!!!
#Grammys were a WIN (minus niki minaj...not my favorite)
Happy Birthday <U+2665>
um me i guess? Lol
You have at least two addresses memorized; Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
you just said its sad that meek left mmg. Fuckin gremlin
Had a great time interviewing brownsville bred star today. Catch her sunday night on CBS's new series NYC 22
#civilwar FOTD. Born on this day in 1827 in York County, PA, CSA Gen Johnson K. Duncan (commander of Fts Jackson & St. Philip).
I am SO tired of waiting for Prince Charming everyone keeps telling me to just Wait Wait Wait and im sick of it! Worst Valentines day ever!!
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.” — Reba McEntire
Come to Californos tonight for drinks, eats and great entertainment! Our full menu features steaks, pasta, vegetarian entrees, salmon, tuna!
haha; yes. By mid-Aug I'll be working 7 days a week and not allowed to leave the state. So I have to recharge before then :)
If I hear Zooey Deschanel ask her phone "is that rain?" one more time I will literally rain on her face. (pee-pee)
This is a pretty cool contest for anyone using the internet
Im constantly amazed how perilously close I am to panic at just about any given moment.As a side note parents: don't fucking beat your kids.
Pizza, wings, my puppy, and NASCAR! Perfect Sunday! Go Jeff Gordon!
WSJ: middle class flee California. Only the very wealthy and poor tend to stay. Proof Obama's policy hurt middle class? ,)
...and you went during the back to school madness. Your a brave man :D
Agreed. I really enjoyed it.
Biology... Not fun
thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
I wish I was what you wanted....
I'll watch for you on the Taylor trails then!
My children haven't seen abusive bio-mom in 4 years. One day their mom up and disappeared. Kids are no longer afraid.
yes! And don't get me wrong, I am a quantoid who looks for ways every day to be more efficient in my work! That article was poor!
All WES traffic is affected by the overpass accident on Grahams Ferry Road... expect 20 minuted delays and shuttle service instead of trains
ok can do. sorry for delay.
never thought we would get a Greg Thomas reference on The Ride! Nice guy and great mortgage broker last I heard:-)
If you change your thinking, you can change your life.
Get back into my life. I miss your face. And your ears. Strange? It should be. Made you think huh?
Some days my phone battery is like, “I'm here for you bro.” Other days it's like “Hey man, Fuck you lmao
I am freezing!
Are you guys excited to see Desert Neighbor this Thursday?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
oh okay cool! You still doing football?
Going to sleep a happy guy. Amen.
Time flies!!! Hope you're enjoying the ceremony online or in person!
I am badly in need of a massage.
the the bitch really
we gather we are timely with this display? :)
#Infiniti Hybrid calls itself a performance hybrid. Translation: Price of a hybrid, gas mileage of a regular car (32mpg hwy).
Of course!
Also, goodnight!!
Magical. Magical day.
Follow today and get a coupon redeemable for 3 used cigarette butts! Offer not valid in Canada.
ok, I know where that is
First win ever tonight for summit softball!! All of our hard work has finally paid off! It feels so good to win! I love my softball girls:)
You do know it's not your night to dj?
I need a reward for studying math. So after 5 problems I'm going to reward myself by finding a new cover photo.
Astoria for now. UES soon. Where're you at?
Uncertainty of the future can be fun...right now it isn't. Damn you Sartre for making me think things!
awesome! congrats! :)
Dates for the Fall series of the Home & Garden Market are on the website @ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com. Enjoy this beautiful spring day!
New #Schwinn Searcher, check. New suit tanline,
same with you!!!! Great job
Details for the #cleveland #criticalmass December 2010 ride posted on Facebook and clevelandcriticalmass.com. Join us!
I still have my Kings "Beat LA" shirt from playoffs 6 years ago. Good times!
hope you get a run in
all the time, way easier that way...
I really need to get started on this hw so I can knock out again
RT : Don't forget to ask hard questions in your #interview, here is one to consider: "How well do I fit what you’re looking for?"
GET DOWN ON FRIDAY <3
haha yup basically!! Bout 20 minutes or more away :]
Squeezing lemons for lemonade stand.See you at Rosewood! Bring cash for donations for the OMG!
It rained in Phx today. My car is now sparkly clean
Those white blocks are jarring, but how else will people write on the reply card?
hm well Tyler Texas works for me. As long as I have her. Haha
I missed my flight today but has me leaving first thing tomorrow with no fees. There is a reason I don't fly other airlines.
When you are meeting someone at a bar and you show up 20 mins before they do, it can be kinda awkward...or extra. Fun!
Off to bed. Night.
Happy Valentine's Day? Which celebrity do you wish were your Valentine? (Please don't say Chris Brown.)
Katrina Parker is so damn good! OMG!
apparently there's a #foolforlove movie adaptation that was filmed around here!
ahaha, same here :D
yeah, sadly your paid hootsuite has zero bearing on twitter's monetization, but it doesn't hurt to hope =)
git is great software. amazing communities on github sell it though. community FTW!!!
haha :D I love them too :)
Anytime...any place.
hola ! let me know when you have time to make your website amazing. me help you!
I'm part magician: My coworker said to me recently I don't really know what you do but stuff magically happens so I'm ok w/that.
got the lacoste on and everything bigtime
your in NYC?!?! ugh i wish i knew so i could get tickets!! im in rochester!! =(
Salon FX for a little pampering!
what is it with Philly broadcast anchors and craziness?
On my way to a citizenship fair at Should be a great day!
For once in my life, I'm drunk and I don't want pizza. Weird.
Unlike other cleanses, the Beachbody Ultimate Reset™ is a gentle, no-starvation, non-laxative based, total-body reset program.
Hi Spikey Mikey just wnted 2 let yu no that no matter wat i will always be an ICONiac!! Yeah Buddy
can't wait to share with you and on clients!
Felt like I were dying and my sleep can't stop shaking feels like my heart going Stop
You're welcome! So glad you had an awesome time in CR!
The LORD makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul. - Psalm 23:1-2
come to Hawaii <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009E>
I know & don't get me wrong, I support that. Just sharing thoughts with u! ;-)
Day 1 sick day!
ohh wait I think it was victor lol
I'm looking forward to it for sure!
The slides are widget isn't working for at least one reader. I'm on the ethnographic end of code studies.
haha I they suck!!!!
Sitting at lunch with these niggas ahaha.
you did a great job in RED
I hear the theme song in my head RT : Every time I forget how to spell "laboratory", I think of Dexter's Lab.
Not ashamed to say it, I really like the new Troy. Every time I watch it, I get inspired.
The thing I hate most about summer. Fucking SPIDERS.
thanks. gota improve.
We bragged about one of our friends... Your turn!
I'm mad late but Kimbra is killin' me!! Reminds me a little of Got that kinda vibe to her...OH I smell a collab!!
Groupon Deal of the Day: For a limited time, save over 60% off its all-time high: Groupon stock. Still has a $7B market cap. wow. $GRPN
RT : RT this and I'll tell u which member of the crew u look good with :D
go nook! I love mine
consider it done.
Thanks for the tip!:) I'll try it!
I commend you for filing a suit. Maybe this will teach those BIRDS to learn some self control! Their just 'simple haters'
Yes pls! MT : time for bars *inside* museums?
Who in the Twin Cities will be at the and concert tonight? Mashup will be there with free prizes!
Listening to Andrew McAfee's AIIM presentation on Driving Collaboration and Engagement with Social Business
(statutory designation of utility as “public utility” insufficient to make utility a state actor)
Looking forward to announcing a client's new brand and name in the next month!
Thank you. And right back atcha.
Welcome Mendi Njonjo from African Technology and Transparency Initiative in Nairobi- transparency and accountability initiatives
The reason there's a stereotype is because you feed it. It's embarrassing.
YOU are the inspiration! Thanks for the shout-out
I wish everynight could be like this its so #chill outside
I love how CNBC is playing by default in first class and ESPN is playing in coach
#6969ICONic Every ICONic Boy !!
I love working out with resistance tubing, especially curls and overhead presses. The variable resistance feels great!
agree!! Just saw tonight. All awesome but many of the camera angles.
ok ok wth is going on?!?!? Crazy week w/ presentations & decks & more slide decks... no idea what's happening link plz
I love these, by the way.
Yuma u are beautiful
Good times Friday buddy
FUN WEEKEND!!
i have an iphone...but i broke it!:((
One With Courage is an opportunity to combat the secrecy of child sexual abuse.
"Because in the end, everyone turns into the one person they promised they'd never be."
Happy (e)reading!
haha in all fairness...
o excited
Re: your meringue comment. My dd13 has decided she LOVES making them. Keeps trying new ones. Fun 2 b @ my house these days.
can tell that Rose's shots were off being his first game back. We're still in 1st & still have a spot in the playoffs it's good Bulls fans.
scary ass shit
Great time sharing the Belay story this evening during a Heritage Foundation anti-poverty strategy session in Colorado Springs.
I wish I could have some free food delivered to me in the WU right now. Or someone with a swipe.
What is on Vienna's lip!? I can't take her serious or focus on her when she talks!
Just sayin bra...... Hit me up if anything
Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you
Feel bad for Logano
Rural girls struggling to get sanitary wear - NewsDay
Hey Hey Hey! Fall Retreat money is due Thursday at the latest! Only $70! Scholarships available!
Thanks! Yes, almost done and starting to figure out who to submit to!!
stop biting your lip. you know that does to me.
Neil Walker with a clutch hit!!!!!!
Thank you I am so glad you like that song. It is very beautiful and dear to my heart as well. XO
I have had more trick or treaters in the last 30 mins than in the previous 6 years.
you look so pretty w/out makeup
stop throwing pens at me.I can see you.
Besides flexible funding and paypal, what's the other advantages of #indiegogo over #kickstarter? I don't fully understand yet.
Teacher I talk to everyone moving my seat will not help
WOW!!!!! U just blew tonight out of the water! would be proud!
Oh, quite sure Jake can deliver! Ausgeizeichnet!
What happened to Skiles' defensive-minded teams?
me neither! I think the deal breaker was I chose the black chess piece instead of the white.
FREE drink w/ purchase of a Sandwich or salad at Bagel Bagel (W. Pensacola St. Location Only). Only w/ a
Your not my dad. Quit saying your my dad
Yeah. It's called SEATTLE.
yea pretty much ha. and golf don't mix well with a cold beer
VSHC looks thin, watching for a breakout!!
is doing an exhibit on video games as an art medium next month. Boo ya.
just spent $4 for medicine and then $40 on alcohol
someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Gmail promises, "Coming soon: Better ads in " Wouldn't the best ads be no ads?
I'm getting bored with the things I do to keep from getting bored.
You're not fat you just have HUGE TITS! God I hope your man titty fucks you and treats your right!
BowChika-WOW-WOW!!!
People are always watching you...
Pick up your Rudy Ramirez State Assembly YARD SIGN this week from 8-5 pm! Our address is: 821 Kuhn Dr. Suite 102, Chula Vista, CA 91914
I like the idea of but it's not for me. Could see my friends loving it.
RT : Just wrapped up a great interview w/ Coming soon to ! Go get his album Camp, it's awesome!
lol that earns a bed eviction to the floor lol
RT : Thanks for everything you do!! Your staff did a great job:)
Stuck in downtown Madison construction traffic.
just happened to type ur name into search engine on WSHH and ur video w/ Mac Fame & Delo "FYI" came up.
Been up since 4 & I have one long day ahead of me
Bout to make some great music today !.. as i do everyday
Thanks for the retweet. Straight up old school.
Sometimes you don't see someone's true colors until you're deep in.
ill see u at the top one day...
isn't pain in the left arm a sign of a heart attack?
First tweet from my new kindle fire
Miari's new CD is now available on her websites. Check it out!!! www.miari.com www.knockoutincorporated.com
Wonder what I should do for my bday
The rest of the day will be boring.
Hey. I got a new phone and I'm using twitter again (: love you ass chin twin! Muahh <3
Ugh! That should gave gone in!!!
What a freaking day! Car broke down and had two tests first thing in the morning. And of course it happens on my bday.
#CoachellaLive Dre and Snoop coming up next
Grow a box n I gotchu! haha
Cheering for another living thing's bowel movements.
sounds good! let's just say yes. ditto for peppermint patties.
yeah, okay ms Malcolm in the middle. I still can't believe you said that o:
Great business meeting tonight, and interviews tomorrow.
The USA is a government structured around a constitution. Republican anti-government rhetoric is therefore anti-American!
Am completely IN LOVE with Fifty Shades of Grey!
sounds good to me, what do yu need me to do?
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 4
-Camillie hit FB nd ML like right now funny how dey work..
RT : April 26, 1865 – Union cavalry troopers corner and kill John Wilkes Booth, assassin of President Lincoln, in VA.
0040213364<U+200B>65-8000012 - they emailed me back and sd theyd resend, its just cutting it close. wanted them in the mail by today
Happy 2012 Here's to more human animals loving and protecting the natural world!
Erica agreed to a three way ;)
"is angelina there?" "no she died" LMFAO
What chu gonna do with yo yellow self !?!
Hey ! Sort of random, but I have your official name card from Draft. Let me know if you want it. Be safe & go get that W!
2. #Zombies cannot be killed unless their brain is destroyed
Awesome!! RT : Working as a volunteer in the olympics!!!
Seriously, wtf is up with Florida? The "Stand your ground law" can't even stand on its own two feet...
Thanks for the message. I will forward your account to too. Cheers!
Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're dresses today. Love, Mikey
My boyfriend's mom called me a "cutie" on Facebook. Which anniversary is that again?
Regardless of your race, religion, or political affiliation, never hesitate to question those in authority. -Tavis Smiley.
Came to the bar alone....I really need to have a few drinks.
Welcome! Is the reception from 5-8PM or 6-9PM? Have seen both times posted. Thanks and we'll see you tonight!
the #Dutch_Oven45 and Freese in World Series...
Wow I haven't been on twitter in ages
Facebook to pay Microsoft $550M for hundreds of former AOL patents - GeekWire
awsome game on sun you the man congrats GO PACK GO!!
you are gonna like My Way. Great film!
Every job I've had uses Jira for bug tracking/requirements. I like it, but most people hate it.
what is this? The Delk frat house? When is Chris, Pam and the dog moving in?
Follow < gd people!
Awe thanks Taan! Miss you!
will the wanted be visiting the b96 studios this friday? :)
dude, you're weird as fuck.
Yes it was! RT : We had an amazing time with youth last night!
Loving how a walk thru the mall is an adventure in a magical land to a 3yr old :)
yes! Very much so :P
My at home book arrived. My hectic day just turned around for the better!
haha I'd actually be pretty happy with that. I missed like the worst two days I possibly could, and never got the notes...
Aww just seen the cutest little old lady walking down the street carrying bags #poorthing I offered to help > *her- no thanks honey *Me>aw
Being in these mountains.... that's what I don't like!
yeah not helpful indeed
Today has not been my day. People are such ass holes to me. Im too nice. #why?
Can't wait to see it! #Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Thank u! RT Sweet Sunday LO<U+2665>E n J<U+263A>Y Tweetiepies
iwoke up so now I can go back to hating myself
I've got education money in MTSU so finish off the Vols.
Update on CRASH @ I-5 NB ramp to I-405 NB by the Marquam Bridge: Only the right lane is now getting by trying to get onto I-405 from I-5
OK. I think I know who has #thevoice. Ashley has it all.
About to enjoy the Medieval Fair in Norman with the family. Sometimes still glad Matt can't talk just yet. Don't want to explain some things
Who's ready for the summer? WE ARE.
Whelp... this sucks
Revising my upcoming book on public speaking. Getting there, but it's a lot of work.
thank you ~^^
Hey What's the point of Summer Jam pre-sale when you're holding all the reserved seating?
yeah, like tryin to tell your friends you have an addiction to mango float
What's Up ABQ?
thanks for posting the info about the forum sat. tell your friends! let's makes sure the process is open and accountable
damn must be nice!
Didn't win prom king (:
Listening to #Godsmack. Love this band
#hastac2011 whoa! 250,000 pages scanned sans institutional funding. users pay for private materials to be scanned instead. "boot strapping"
and , we gon' do this.
Just got preeched too by some guy at a gas station lol
I thank u for that! I needed that. Keep the scriptures coming.
That reminds me when we went to San Marcos church & you were staring down that child hahaha
Contact Center for Healing in Harmony for your "mental and emotional check up!" today!
#marc11 "students don't need labs anymore. They want then"
is a few followers from 1000! Let's RT and get 'em there! :)
not a bruno mars fan. good job tho!
I just have a command of thoroughly useless information
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Gets Release Date - AceShowbiz
digging the band "Second Slice" at the Tin Cup in Ocala, FL!
RT Lakers will get the W tonight
Just a smattering of the Sterling jewelry available now at G Spot Thrift Shop.
Your mom is so sweet! AND-- I love her doggies :-)
thanks 4 all u do 4 kids at American Family Children's Hosp. How r u?
Shh, you're going to make jealous!
See you all at Gatorville (by the pool) from 6 to 7 p.m. Bring your badge for discounts.
Sitting in the movies. UP RT : Whos up with me !
Just saying hello to the twitter world. So much going on today. Overall it's a good day for me
Don't forget tonight visits 304 South St. after show w/ FYI #davidcookhasbeeninvitedtodobbs BE 8pm
Physical symptoms that often occur with #socialphobia include: blushing, difficulty talking, nausea, profuse sweating, and trembling.
Patience is a virtue... Keep your Head up and P.U.S.H.
...and the 'house-of-cards' continues to be exposed throughout all publicly funded sectors. Next bubble = Debt Crash.
I can accept Snickers beating out Peanut M&Ms but no way IMHO Reese's Cups beat Snickers!
Cool. Can really tell Saturn. Shooting through a telescope?
Ouch! That hurts...But you're dead on...smh
I just seen lil momma n some
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1685 composer Johann Sebastian Bach was born.
Any one who follows us will receive a free class at Studio just tweet back Super Impact 1
We all get an opportunity to be who we are to get to the next level...
time to mimis
Arrrrgh! Pirates got yer booty aye? Just in time for my domain transfer too...
Heartbreak and frustration are the dominant emotions, as the season will come down to A.J. Burnett. Seriously, just kill me now.
more to come
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there! Thank you for your guidance and direction!
Surprised where in the fuck did he get a gun? Mad Jack ran for cover. A Line Guard saw Mad Jack running and got on his radio and said
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis. Sincerely, confused.
I hope this work day goes by quickly.
you know me to well!
ya, thanks for saying bye.
bin Laden planned to assassinate Obama. To steal a quote from Lethal Weapon 4: "Too bad he missed!"
Alot of people think with their insecurities instead of with their common sense
how can i help?
no, just no
haha you'll get another chance. And my prediction is Shea McClellin. Although a safety wouldn't be bad now but I don't know any
#score thanks so much! We appreciate that a ton.
Is it Mothers day? o:
“: "ayo I'll give you what you want and make it hot--Nicole Ray. I kill sh.. --Nicole, OJ" - ” < ha yes!
Turbot! For overfishing?
A lot of my friends don't know this but I've gotten so low that the only thing which made me feel better was cutting
": The Indians did tonight. RT : Fuck Josh Beckett."< Hard and fast.....
Mt Hood Meadows says: Wow. 23" in the last 24 hours. It looks awesome up here, and it's still snowing.
Found a couple of Hong Kong pop records today at and I heart
RT and I'll blow you mentions up :)
USDJPY pushed passed 50fib & 80, added more long. Still think R/R is to the long side.
your so welcome ;) but there not from me, there from your multiple boyfriends
Chinese donuts and coffee. Breakfast of champions.
Games are still on tonight ..I will update everyone if that changes
Junk-yard dog like Zach "Z-Bo" Randolph!
Hey Cool blog are you a news junkie? What's with yer mom and the Peas?
Toronto area people: One of our sisters is looking for work. Pharma processing. 7 Years packaging experience. DM me w/ any leads ok? Thanks
Baby you're the best so I can't do better. <21
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it - Lauryn Hill
Seriously? More dropped passes??
Just remixed/mastered 4songs on our upcoming CD today & im feelin very accomplished.Were so dedicated to our music & our fans.new song 2moro
LAY IT DOWN
Miami Marlins, new park, new name, same #losers same loser owner...
im sort of bi/curious when it comest to belt drives.
shiid im crankin to to French Montana rite now
Haha. Tell me about it.
haha that picture defines my dude to a "T"
Can't think of anyone who is on TV today who has the class and business savvy of Dick Clark.A true visionary.
I'm Wifey Material ;) I'll take care of mine .
C.O.B. salads though >>>
nice work!
#westindiescricket comes back from behind to...dammit, just tie. Damn it, Sammy! Run next time! Still, good work.
The fat red head won't shut up, currently annoyed.
Users more likely to give up on search on mobile device. More tenacious searching on desktop
or she'a not avg lol
Maybe a blog post from you on some IP/TM thoughts? ;-)
Reminder to #myndheads, writing reviews bumps up your M Score faster than just 'Likes'.
Remember , win or lose tonight, WE STILL WANT TO CLEAN YOUR LUCKY SOCKS! :)
Jessica Sanchez slaughtered Bohemian Rhapsody, yuck.
U r so welcome! Any plans 2 build n Murfreesboro? Ur business would explode on 231south. They r buildn a parkway. Few places 2 eat
Happy, happy birthday to the Facebook and message board master !
yeahh tons of bands have influenced such as Thrice, Circa Survive, The Receiving End of Sirens, Sigur Ros, O'Brother!
Welcome to my life broski.
I say Sheen any day of the week.
I am Blarg, THE DESTROYER
Had my first lone wolf experience... Uhh....
cant wait for u to meet her, u 2 are so much alike.
Wanna make a quick $500? Refer me an awesome local PHP/Front-end developer. I have more jobs than I can shake a lightsaber at.
I'm thinking that #dpuwbb will be a 6th seed (although RPI says 5). Could still see the Kentucky matchup if they fall to a
If u need a break from it all turn on the Twilight Zone marathon on Sci-Fi.
Thanks for the tutorial and positive feedback -- I'll get the hang of it! :)
o sorry gotta go I have econ to do...
“: Protip: Chrome's Incognito Mode is quite useful for development...” Also, porn watchin'.
NIALL I HAVE A VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
My all-time favorite Heart song is playing: "If Looks could Kill." Got a fave Heart song, ?
im gonna hit him up, moving back in July, figuring out living situation and all that in the next couple weeks
Just randomly thought about how close the concert is and freaked out and almost peed myself.
I wonder how many people is going to get caught with weed friday
Yeah, great job with the posts!
good morning
For all you Timbers fans outside the Fox 12 viewing area, the MLS Matchday Live blackout restriction is lifted so you can watch online.
Oh, no! Hanna is amazing! Blue's Clues might be too spicy for moi, but her novel Liquid Lies is out this sum. :-)
to help those poor animals...I HAVE NEVER SEEN EYES LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE....! SO FILLED WITH SADDNESS....
late in the midnight hour...
Oy vey. This just might be the found footage film that breaks me.
I'm sure my church (LCMS) is working on a statement right now. [Proud owner of a BA - Theology & M.Div.]
Had such a wonderful vacation and after 10 long years I now have the ring from Mathew!!! I get to start to plan a party :)
love you<3
Hey everyone hope your having a wonderful nite........ Kisses
Lebron James is one of the most arrogant fake actor nba player out there and since the Nba wants him to win they are allowing phony calls
Did you know even steam from cooking shellfish can cause an allergic reaction?
Wells Fargo Bank LV is onboard with ! They join & to bring hope & joy to kids in need!
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 4
Burritos w mole and horchata!
Just wasn't tired enough after running a half-marathon, so I played a baseball game afterwards.
God luck to , wish I could be there! :/
RT : I really don't wanna wear this tux to school today ?? Amen to that...
I love the new google today! R.I.P Les Paul. Amazing man who made amazing guitars :).
Season over. Not bad Caps. Semin sucks
ello mate-dave
Had a great time with the Paynes and my sister in law!
got to win to get the MVP. take Braun off the Brewers and they don't win the division.
Come on CJ!!!!! How about some minutes for Mike James!! WTF
kinda slow.. But WAY better than waiting! But where the fuck is ?!?!?!
Lesson #1 for cars. Make sure you have a good battery in your car cuz it sucks being stranded at work -____-
Such a good day
yup here now
Remember there is no film this weekend (or the two after that). We return on Jan 6 w/ Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' and Oregon Pop Machine.
Body is down to rest, mind is up and running...
Thanks Allen, I'm in a"sometimes I think I get off on the pain"kinda mood inspiring lol
cool bike again i have idea for a bike
Important update on Minerva tomorrow. Coming up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars on Saturday - Animals As Leaders next Sunday!
At 's reading of A VERY MINOR PROPHET at Too. It's a hot reading.
Thank you Susan, Malcolm should be free after 4:00 Cst today.
hail storm?!
Listening in on #shadowgoals all FREE! :-)
thank you. <3
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad. I play the good kind. Louis Armstrong
yeah I'm down. Haven't done anything in a while man. I could use a lil break...
Yay! So glad to hear this. MT I enjoyed #casesmc so much. It worth my 1 day travel from Egypt.
at rebounderz where im bein teased for being stood up..oh how i luv havin a brother who works here so all his coworkers are in my bisness..
you and me both sista
Can someone explain to me Why Grown ass Men get all Butt Hurt when u can't make their request?.... IM NOT PLAYING A CHINGY SONG FOR U!!!!
Just dont give up yet, you still have plenty of time left.
": let me "tink" nahh no.jealously this way ima tell,.......on u" somebody who the call p** w** woulda been nice .
Back of the bentley niggas tried to get me we out gucci gang for life
awesome! “: Cooking up some exciting things for !”
Alright you better hurry up I expect a pretty sick suvenoir from Colorado
Hey there! U may not remember me, but u graciously performed 4 Ruther.CO.Sheriff 9/11 event. I'm a coordinator. THANK U AGAIN!
haha yes so am i ! we needa make it again :)
must be those bottomless mimosas? Lol
Kids plate at restaurant next to Mayo is crazy crazy big.
are you kidding me? You cut ? Are you kidding? Seriously? Beyond disgusted right now.
Saw the lucky one with last night , such an awesome movie and a great performance by Zac, you've really become a talented actor!
RT They're closing down our schools, our food pantries, our clinics. If we can pay our taxes, why can't they"-BoAshareho...
I just screamed so loudly at Daisy/my tv I'm sure the neighbors heard.
This picture was taken 5 months ago :-)
My Team Winning That A Fact Boii We Got Fat Pocketzz Like a Fat Boii $$$$
the more than this music video. That's what people on twitter are saying. :)
YOU CAN?!?
Hologram Biggie would cost twice as much as 2pac's. Twice the size, widescreen & have Diddy dancin' next to him. "And we don't stop"
Hey dude! It's Holly the a-ha fan from Cleveland! You are a huge hit on the fan forums!
What a boring day.
CONGRATS, ! You're gonna be the best dad ever!
Are the Yellow, Red and Black Seas actually yellow, red and black?
Is it true that Bill Murray shredded the GB3 script? Will this movie ever happen? Mike
I'm starting to hate this school more and more each day...
To think that I wasnt gone come back
... Will you miss me a little when I'm gone
Where is the SNL after-party? That's so cool!
why u no get me my doughnuts :-)
is looking forward to next week's #NGS conference in #SaltLakeCity. Will I see you there?
im great ;D
but u can get to kno me
Help keep trending!!!!!
Follow great tweets and he follows back! RT
#rulesoftwitter dont post any sweet stuff unless you mean it
Speaking of #blackkeys playing Soundgarden...Superunknown is an amazing album. Haven't listened in years.
I thought it was just me! Allergies are taking over my life!
If your truly inlove with a person noone can change.....#randomthought -ImaPrettyThuq)
Thx. Just "Liked" your page....Really good stuff!
Yes, C. Wat shot is needed. MT It's time for Christian Watford to announce his presence.
Having trouble getting android email to show in HTML? Answer: Menu/more/settings/send and receive & set mail size limit to NO limit
do you miss bethenny or are you over it?
I just finished a 4.86 km run with a time of 29:00 with Nike+ GPS.
I believe i was a rapper in my other life.
oh haha gotcha !
#TEDxABQ Cathy McGill - be willing to see with our hearts, not just our eues
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear some old lady say yay Victoria's secret!
Smells like cigarettes and old lady perfume in this b*&*&
#DetroitLions is da bosses no stopping them they unstoppable
Drinking a venti iced in vintage jil sander black blazer...found myself at May Day. Whoops.
- what are you feeling so nostalgic for? Geez, you'd think ole Boortz is becoming a softy!
I bought a pistachio baklava for dessert. I ate it--there's the wrapper, but I can't remember a thing about it.
I have a good day ahead of me because I said so
Just thought aboot Canadian bacon..then realized how dumb that was..and bought real bacon
I only unfollow ppl when they unfollow me first
Chocolate Chip. So delicious.
Me too! But even if she doesn't get first place she's gonna be successful no matter what. She's all set.
I love ya avi too that's cuter
pretty girl u kan't go wrong wit that one
#TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo "istone" is trending....so is "walk on water"
i know, i finally sold out.
Tangled was such a good movie!!! Loved it <3
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Watching my NEW 37" tv that I bought... upgraded from a 20" inch box handed down from my parents. Movin' on up, and it feels so good!
“: Thank You ": So y'all want a man who murders to be out of prison? GTFOH"”
I could seriously quote that show all night !!
I just had to answer a questionair that had like 365 questions on it for CPD 150... that was aweful
Dominic Hathaway is the most annoying person ever
is ruth gonna take us!?
SAY MY NAME AGAIN
I've had an account with since July 2007 back when they were iminlikewithyou, glad to see them killing it with Draw Something
Watching Scott Pilgrim VS. The World and the Arabian guy reminds me of Yasir.
I'm putting on my Springsteen shirt, getting an iced tea, and going to the park. Forever, farewell.
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
Go Nathan!! “: Broadway Bound TUCK EVERLASTING to Play Boston June 2013; Shear, Miller, Tysen & Nicholaw on Creative Team
dollar general here I come!
I know right lol
Finally saw Christian Slater's Pump Up the Volume movie, I don't know what all the uproar is about
Just looked in the window of a 'Bier' Hall in Williamsburg and saw the Upper East Side. Twilight Zone shit.
A mom's hug lasts long after she lets go. ~Unknown #HappyMothersDay via <nice!
As long as you persist, you will be successful
“ “ my gut feelings are usually right...””
I was just about to say that. YOU NEED TO LEAVE!
i love you and please can you follow me or RT this<3333333
Jason Zell is Producers, Incorported's newest agent, representing symphony orchestras.
Chaos would ensue without them. I thought of another one: "Can I get a RT?" is a major no-no. It sounds desperate.
Where are you sitting tonight?
i want more purple whatevers :/
Teachers can be anybody at anytime. Dad, thanks for being my life long teacher. #ThanksTeach I only hope to be as good as you.
oh yeah. Lmfao! What happened to al? Wasn't she gonna meet you half ways?
Listening to the ? bailout? bankruptcy? OK something will happen? to the American auto makers. WOW where are we headed?
We need a reality show that pits all reality shows against each other in a gladiator ring. Winner gets bragging rights and is canceled.
Enter Coupon Code: NFLDraft for $4.00 off on your order.
True story. I live in Tucson, Arizona and have a cousin who is an excellent swimmer so she often competes in Phoenix. One weekend I was f...
YOU ARE MINE.
We're opening at 10am today! Have an awesome time at the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Golfers get out & walk! Good for u & ur game! Strength & endurance!
it was ight i dont really fuck with clubs like that
There r holes in mah pants. dont play with my holes unless i say so
Thanks Cap! Nope, no vid, but good times, nonetheless.
loved it. Read bottom line pubs. Bottom line secrets.com
WOW! Congrats to you and Bonnie!!
Get guys it diamond. I'm writing a Bieber love story and if you wanna be in it tweet me
My card was charged TWICE but no order #, so your cust service ctr told me someone has to call me back!
You're welcome! & thank you once again for all your great work!
Guy: Who hurt you? I'll kill him! Girl: Suicide is a horrible thing.
That's cool. What should the new static clings be then? I guess I'm confused.
I agree!
Bruker Announces New High-Performance Scientific Instruments and Analytical ... - MarketWatch (press release)
alright well Thank you <# and hopefully it'll be soon(:
I'm following them with you today buddy. GO NOLES!!!!!
happy day for Mr.Keith
He was the 2nd one to perform, it already happened.
Oh, you lucky lady! Wallingford is one of my fav neighborhoods. Guessing your house is older (my old house was from the 40's).
Seek info, not affirmation , quoting M. Pollan
Were you Surprised that NBC's "Awake" got Cancelled? Are you going to watch that Special on Johnny Carson for PBS?
saw there last week. Hilarious!
All of our football sections at the Oklahoman are deadlining next week - let me know if you're interested in advertising!
Give and take good advice. Sell everything else.
Open today at 8:30 AM. Can't wait to get back into the swing of things!
you just have bg's of mustache of Austin.
people like you actually MOTIVATE me to try harder to become famous. so then when i am, you'll feel like a dumbass. :)
Blah, Why Did I Have To Wake Up -.-
oh I see
I see you LBJ
Lake County IL fans! Stop in in Lincolnshire to pick up Union Jack Porter and RedNectar with the best panini!
Dirty azz goat
perfect homeslice...I steady poured up
i shouldn't be upset about this but i have a reason to be
Chelsea's defense has been poor from the box. But quality goals like what we saw deserves a quality win.
Didn't expect to be asleep that long
RT : If you're 21+ and still with your parents LUCKY YOU, stack that bread
I'm pretty certain that the MSI (laptop manufacturer) web-site is designed to make it impossible to get your free Windows 7 upgrade.
aint it like 3pm out there? ...pull it together
I don't understand why hates my different accents & my dancing. I think he's hinting he needs back :)
We all use excuses. Some of them are just better than others.
wow, that was fast...
Plz keep the 4 students and 2 professors from Lynn in your thoughts for a safe return soon.
excellent! Thanks for the recommendations!
It's bad when I actually think... Keep Batista in ... Instead of the bullpen
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
Deal! I haven't played it in 20 years :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo to our Twitter friends =-)
It's okay, I'm definitely feeling that way today. x
That was a pretty amazing drive.
I wish I could write like my grandmother did. I don't mean subject matter. I mean actual handwriting.
Don't forget to think key words to be found in LinkedIn search...another key difference from a resume.
Damn feather n fin be packed everytime i ride by that joint
watching your video now. Just subscribed to ya. Keep it real man
thanks for the mention, love freer/ sackler, Peacock Room 1 of best places to "OMG" at on Mall!
good times man!!!
RT : “It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.” ~ Lena Horne RIP Lena!
Just finished relay for life i didnt sleep all night
Atlantic City or Long Island?? Yes!
No you don't. In fact, if you try to do that, it gets you in trouble.
At the core of the It Works! incentives and rewards program is desire to inspire and motivate distributors to dream again....
Misery loves company, but company has a boyfriend
I was wrong and I figured out? Seriously , we want people that are right!
Forgot my belt today - already having "issues." Sagging dress pants...definitely not a good look for me!
Watching A Dangerous Method. It seems appropriate to listen to Kiera Knightley's accent on April Fools Day.
Albivis for dinner
RIP Wanda the goldfish. Hope you have fun joining your soul mate Cosmo in fish heaven.
Mimi has no idea what she's getting into! Black pugs have so much attitude! LOL :-)
I've said this before, but if you're interesting in urban planning and progressive politics you really need to be following
Thank you for that #awesome #speech ! Bring our #troops #home !!!
falling in love at mifflin
goin to see #30minutesorless I hope it doesn't completely blow cause it looks like it's gunna be awesome or it's gunna suck
lmao ur fucked up but I still love you
Always Wondered If Would Rock Our Superior Swag
: Correct and that data would be of use to everyone. That's why we don't sell via amazon not now, not ever.
"Reconciliation = Pathway to #Poverty" Bill certainly doesn't help #children living in
quit tweeting and get to work! :)
Unfinished at the Cathedral For decades, New York City has considered designating the Cathedral of St. John the Divine as a landmark. But
thanks! I'm pretty proud. I assume someone else has used it before, but since I can't remember that I'm taking credit
Morning light! Hooray for Spring.
Just won 2 free tickets to thanks to ! SO EXCITED! 4DAYS!
R.I.P. Bob Brookmeyer
I'm hurt. I though totally dug my avatar. Well, at least digs it. :(
Movies downtown this weekend with the crew to see "the dictator"
How can you win authentic, autographed, Carlos Giullien goodies? Answer: Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
ya she did :( oh well were just gonna have to beat some peachtree station butt this year!
I hate when girls r so protective over there boyfriends, where u can't even be friends with the guy anymore without being bitched out -.-
The Word of #God is #Truth. It transform you. Show fruit.
Making this vlog even though I'm in a foul mood.
FREE (TONY G) -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO BRO
Its not to late to sign up for Fox Sports Grills first annual gulf tournament on July 20th. There is only two foursome left. Hurry up!!!
I've been working all day on the final details for the Heartland Worship Institute. Things are really coming together. It's exciting.
Wade is 2-11 for the gm with 5 TOs. Id ask that question of him first.
The have the best in game music mix of all the Milwaukee teams. Thankfully, they threw away their Jock Jams CD.
omg, here i am looking for healing properties of certain stones/rocks, because I have been having some crazy allergy issues
RIP Ali
Someone here in Michael's is singing along to Debbie Gibson and it's so not me.
Sunday at the Village Vanguard seems like an appropriate listen today
Looking fwd to see everyone at the "Liberating Student Data Using Next Gen ePortfolios" session today! #SXSWedu Thu, 9AM, Room 412
I don't think he will. Plus it's not a dome. They would go far though!!
Dear Haters, hi
Right, ignore previous tweet that makes no sense whatsoever. Thank you!
thanks for the RT!!:)
Thoroughly exhausted after my first day in Haiti...and I hear is here this week too? Safe travels lady!
Yeah My baby Has A GF.!! She Better Not Be A Snotty Bitch To Him
yeah, he's a cool dude. Good power and hits for respectable average too, which we could use haha.
Which did he start? I've been seeing random things here and there
I love comedy shows
Be part of the solution. Support the great work of &
naa my season is done today . . I aint going to the game tomorrow . .
Piggy Bank Members get a FREE chicken or rib dinner if you accumulate 103 points in May!
Cam. The bears defense has let up 300+ yds in passing every game so far. I'm still anxious to see Flacco tho.
Your one of my fave players but I hope the mavs get the best of you! #mffl but if y'all beat us, I'm Pullin for okc.
this made me laugh really hard.
thanks lady!
ain't that the truth
I'm good just wanted to say hi. Have seen ur tweets lately
Seriously! Damn show. It has my heart being twisted and pulled in every direction. I need a drink after watching it.
You're very welcome!!
''I AM a freestyle leprechaun, muthafuggah!'' Emilio Estevez replying to my last tweet
pretty crappy
some of the girls at my school are so annoying
Completely agree.
with all that you really expect to work on a relationship lol
Bud Light "Platinum?" Seriously?
Nice pairing today of tourney champions: Rory McIlroy, David Toms, and Jim Furyk. Fun to watch.
God I wish I was a cat.
lol alright, i'll take ur word and i might get it haha
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
gonna spend #springbreak with my best friend & listening to . yeah. ok.
damn...some vitriolic people here. Its called twitter not bitter.
thats good. and I was going to go but i didn't feel like spending 40 on a ticket, i only like a few songs of his
let that nigga make his own choices and bump his head. And as for her we all know she aint try to
Sleet, snow, and..The Magic of Monk. Tonight at Twins!
you guys inspire me! Don't know if I'll ever be on ur level But if I can at least do mile a day, has to get me somewhere..
Aw Thanos, you're a hoot. Come by the cabin anytime bud. I'll leave the light off for you.
My life revolves around penis
I have no idea what went down from 1 am to 6. But im ok with it
Somewhere we went wrong. We were once so strong. Our love is like a song, you can't forget it..
is already one of my favorite Actors, but he just did my Favorite super hero all kinds of justice.
Melo is the player and Melo can play defense if he wants to but since Woodson arrived his defense has been great. He just
Disney's new series Doc McStuffins premiers today at 10AM. Awesome show for the preschool crowd!
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy sierra~ love you so much my dear buddy~ hope you had a great day <3
Will this be coupled with slowly removing (or increasing the price of) the least sustainable options?
yeah, but this time I'm going to thin it out towards the bottom so it looks better.
; you coming ?
Ahh that's gross
I NEED A JOB
The title is "Suicide is Painless" and it would make an AWESOME #Crew96 or #millwall terrace song.
why would my teacher think it's okay to assign making a website for a project..
Hot showers >
Defending today's gray rainy weather with full-on color: orange top, multicolored scarf, green raincoat, blue shoes. Imma bring my own sun.
Where did I go wrong. I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness end, but I stayed up with you all night.
We are looking for a few food trucks to be in Station North on Saturday night to feed 1k attendees at the Station North Block Party 6-10pm.
So glad I got to see my BFF this weekend.
I've never checked my score lol!!
That moment when you dont know why you cant fall asleep, then remember you had 3 cups of coffee and a latte today...
Is spoiler-fear an official psychosis yet?
When I first got a coll. of hers _SJ is Indignant_ as a gift back in '01, she was an acquired taste for me, but I have become a fan.
you's a nocturnal bowler!!!
lol just made me the best avi!!
I can't stand you sometimes lol ugh
You're welcome! Thanks for the hat tip on such an articulate (and eye-opening) article. Lots of work to do be done...
everything he said was factually correct, on personal media, w/ no policy in force that he violated. He'll win $5M on appeal
lmfaoo, I always do!
Hot and humid inside this school. Ugh.
About to leave CPC and march toward #occupydenver and
Dr. Shah says dealing w/health care is like learning to fly a 747 with parts flying off and hoping for a safe landing.
are you gonna kiss and tell .?
it would be called forever fangirl ©
RT : Working with my sexy sidekick tonight come by for a drink! #cantstopwontstop <U+F46F><U+F4B0><U+2764><U+F3B6><U+F378>
hell yeah my niggah, too damn long. tell yo homies tht it ain't a party til DR32AMS in there. ya feel me lol
Protip: Don't listen to him. Tweet ALL THE PROTIPS!!!!
My Quote of the Day - "Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.", Mark Twain
Does Obama's 'I did it but he won't' TV add seem disrespectful after O said he wouldn't spike the ball, and SEAL Team 6's subsequent losses?
The devil knows you... So watch your step!
Surprised at UCLA... but... oh well. ;)
I saw a Bill O'Reilly video and thought of you.
Oh, the divine joy of sunshine beaming through open windows.
contact me I have low prices
lacrosse? In lawrence or CoMo?
Thank you Russell!
Working & listening to Leonard Cohen's "Democracy" - so apropos of the current election season
if you liked the first five minutes I think you'll be pretty stoked with the rest of it. :-)
I can't text because in too shaky...and I just don't wanna talk bout it right now...:'( thanks for being there for me:)
American Dad sure likes dream sequence episodes.
I'm going to celebrate Supermoon by listening to the expanded Scream score by Marco Beltrami.
absolutely! will stop by the school soon to say hello, and we're excited to see these future superstars at the fanfest in a few weeks!
My big brother is THE ORIGINAL LAND MAN. Follow for interesting/useful info about NYC & Long Island
Or like comparing an IBM typewriter to a Blackberry?
#harrystylesdoafollowspree YES TREND (:
Damn.ol girl wanted to fuck da chick i was fuckin then da dude who want m3 and not da straight buss downs.smh.try again boo
my recommended videos on Youtube are all for tennis, crossfit, and kittens.
LADDER at DirteeD's place, all genres invited.
been there, done that,
Atlanta BroadwayWorld com. Now in 1st by 1.2%. Still please vote. Make sure you go all the way through the voting process. Thanks!!!!
Studs Terkel was one of a kind & a great guy! Thanks for the reminder.
James Tate barred from prom for asking a girl to the dance by posting a message in cardboard letters on school wall. Page on Facebook.
Great article--I love Sherman Alexie.
#UVA rise up!
yeh I mostly agree - need to focus on creating value (traction + revenue) & let everything else take its course.
awesome. “: rare event - entire family gathered around the tv watching season finale of #goldrush alaska.”
Is getting a patio, or an addition?
Can't wait for skydiving tomorrow with
S/o to my new followerv
Mastering sitting still has brought the focus factor of my life to a new level. Now I hear Jim Rohn on simple disciplines vs errors
Hmm... And that's all I have to say..
you get your finger and do like a "come here" motion, lol
With admiration and fondness, we remember Gerry Beck. Restorer, husband, father, pilot. His shadow is a long one, and is missed.
Maybe. Depending on how tired I am.
It's even news in Japan.
hey girl long time no here how u been?
good morning party kid!
ok i sent a request to I think who is u
You mean hair lucky, right? Not lucky, lucky...
Listening to my music until I fall asleep
The guys have one week left of preseason activity before they go on fall break. Then we start practice
The good news: soon I'll know how my computer compares to my colleagues' re: age. Bad news: no one will ever get a new computer.
#itshardwhen your trying to let go of something but there's always that one things that pulls u right back where u started
am on mkting research list. They call me once/mo & ask me lots of questions to see if I qualify for their latest focus group
Obama is in straight up idgaf mode and the funniest part of it is that he'll be reelected.
My fellow fans and followers...anyone still awake?
Linksys is good if you need something to run over in your new monster truck. Good luck on your tech adventure
RT : A Debate on University Tenure: What would happen if tenure were eliminated from public research universities?...
The shop n save in stl ran out of lettuce........im actually shocked<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Can't forget about Ronnie price tho!!<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Works for me!
So many of my #unrbrand students gave themselves permission to be excellent this semester. Some amazing people in this group
Missed wine Wednesday so I'm making it wine Thursday just for this week ;) x
wow that is amazing. Thanks for the press! Here comes a retweet!
i can't remember the last time I had to write a paper this ridiculously long. oh wait senior year.... Extended Essay. ick!
oh you are looking for beats?
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
Welcome to Indy ! Colts get lucky again...
that's bc you're from Miami and the clouds follow you.
i'm better off w/o u
Who knew! awesome illustration on the cover was done by
yes please stop!
Nice work!
Are you guys all packed into that tiny wedge?
the hardest thing about knowing that you don't love me, is that you spent so much time pretending that you did.
follow us thxs boo
I hate refs
i just got off i while ago actually. The next time i work downtown is thursday night.
66-yr-old transgender woman: "We live in fear every day for our being and our basic needs"
your pup is awesome... especially the pics where he just has that IDGAF look.
yes. he took $1450 and i have no way of finding him and getting my money back
This game is irking me!
m...bacon
Hey Bob, thanks for the follow!
Phantom planet havent listened to them in years, pretty good
As long as it doesn't mix up Beckett's T-Time.
RT : "Varied & fascinating" says today's El Nuevo Herald of NINE NATION ANIMATION. Starts 2nite Friday
speed big big diff
So why don't art museums use ideas like LA/Boston bets to lure visitors? Sigh.
"history of now" is such a great concept.
I can't explain why but I think that I just had one of the most unforgettable experiences being on stage and connecting with the audience...
I need to hear from George. Forward your contact info to my email . Thxs. JC
it will be a short day for me today. Have to leave around 2pm to pick daughter up from school. Not sure if we will come back
no! That's gay, we need you Jenna!
The myrtle plant is the source of the green color by the same name, a very dark shade, darker than spinach.
Thanks for listening to my Timbers and Tucson babble last night at the Bitter End. Good times. :)
awesome, buddy. Congrats.
Crazy job app = done. Next up... going to the dentist :-/
I vote slightly confusing yet adorable on her. Props to Dakota for taking a fashion risk!
Roundys has organic milk, prob cheaper than Organic Valley.
wtf. dead guy in a tree
other teams (world series champs) interviewing him. cubs not? theres something going on here. something deeper...
thank you. I used a herbal detox. Drinking water and unsweetened green tea only.
I simply do not have enough middle fingers to show you how I truly feel.
Osama bin Laden killed. Wow!
I feel like its the end of the world
Ugh Monday already! But I'm alive, thank you God!
Happy Birthday Mommy & Dolly!!
so tired. no bueno.
you are AWESOME!! I'm pulling for YOU!!!
Uncovered another static function call in my PHP project. Time to brainstorm mocking strategies. A Factory? Might get ridiculed.
maybe a livechat when you reach 10k?? :)
is planning a food cart festival the same day as my wedding! WHHHHYYYY. maybe my guests won't notice if I slip out for awhile...
That #mavs game was epic, what a complete collapse by okc
Culs-de-sac not cul-de-sacs.
hm you have a point...
well I've never personally been in the market for a pair but the important thing is that you are happy to rock them
Your looking for me, Zeke! (AKA )
people extract cash for all kinds of reasons. they did it to pay down debt.
Back to #Bluetooth interoperability testing (yeah, I know, but I did get out for MTB ride today)!
RT : Dick Cheney got a heart. Now if W. gets a brain and Colin Powell gets some courage, Condi can click her heels & go home.
The Electoral College?
Chronicle of Higher Education tells Naomi Schaefer Riley to take a hike and issues a pretty classy apology for the whole fiasco.
I haven't been on Twitter in forever! This must change! #TweetMe #SmallFrySoldiers ! Xoxo
Python, with "True=False" legal in 2.x, is "grown up" but Ruby is worth leaving over shell scripting shortcuts? o rly.
the Chargers are gonna run thru that division
You, Elyse, r a STAR! Great voice, and the music is FANTASTIC! The Ones Who Never Speak is a hit record. MORE! MORE! MORE1
You don't love a woman because she's beautiful, She is beautiful because you love her.
Trust God sounds so easy but it truly is the hardest thing to let go and let God
I'm not gonna sweat today.
Jus Had My Baskin Ribbons #NW Friday Free Next Had Ta Buy It
congrats on finishing up the semester and graduating!
If you see the BIG Cat tell him you heard me tweet of all the exhausting work we are doing while he is away! :)
I love being surrounded by beauty.
great read. thanks for the article Mike.
A piece of my childhood is gone, I just found out that Soul Train host Don Cornelius committed suicide. Prayers go out to his family. RIP!
thanks for sharing that -- Hope your week is going great so far man!
I haven't heard this. If I do, I'll make it priority to ban them from life.
#Disgruntled with #Apple!!! GRRRR...I can't talk on my phone because of this stupid update!!! AGGGHHHHHH :-p
I want that.
Ok, I will get EVERYTHING done on my to do list! Hmf!
Maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road- Firework Katy Perry
Fantastic play down the left by Sinovic and Convey for Sporting lead to goal
And if #Hillary had beat up classmates, she'd get tagged the lesbian feminist ball-busting shrew, not just the feminist ball-busting shrew.
Sometimes a fly is just too awesome for the wall.
Haitian pep rally today at my school... Hm can't wait to see how that turns out... Good morning world ;)
Im still hungry! D:
Jesus Montero, making that ridiculous S.S.S. stat on how he hits as when playing catcher even more hilarious.
Wow great I think I'm getting sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
We have a winner! Congrats ! Thanks for answers. #Colts have won 7 of 10 road games against Jaguars.
ok...whose that on that picha...
what kind of wood is the table made of ?
me too but now I don't know what to eat!
We're one week out from Milwaukee Irish Fest! We can't wait for all the Slainte madness!
New Youtube video up in 20 min. Be sure to check it out
#MarkBurnett is doing an amazing job of producing The Story of the Bible for -we got a sneak peek - so moved by his vision!
aw yeah i fucking hate that shit. but luckily david doesnt do that lol
#seapunk is ruining my life, none of my friends will talk to me anymore, I'm in my own personal shell. -lostatsea 19F/ca
chatted with someone at about signing up! these clothes will be so fun to send to Boikokobetso, my sponsored girl in So. Africa!
no the funeral kid
Dear , please don't cancel Parks & Rec. WE NEED MORE KNOPE!!! Best cast on TV, gotta bring it back for a million more seasons!
no, YOU rock!!! of course :)
Insufficient to fix the tragedy of US healthcare, but a critical 1st step on a long, incremental process
One of those 8 RT 8 out of 10 people think a first kiss indicates how the rest of the relationship will be.
That was close... Good move
WITH THE 1ST PICK FOR YOUR THURSDAY NIGHT HOTSPOT--THE FANS SELECT.....KLUSOZ!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU (BLOWIN KISSES) lol
What. Was. That? That was like a Master class in awesomeness. - #bigomaha (Excellent session frm of !)
Need to charge my phone
"Digital Journalism"
#moreclutchthanlebron Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Don't forget to catch on Building Games in HTML 5 TODAY 3:30- 4:30 Room 2016, West Hall, 2nd Fl #gdc. Knock 'em dead Marc!
Did somebody EMP my apartment? Video card, sound/headphones and router all screwing up in the last 2 days.
What said--thank you so much for reading and sharing today's guest post!
Is it ok 2 b racist abt white ppl if yr white 2?
I wanna go on a photoshoooooott
hey! I'm good, how are you? :)
What about Babe Ruth and his jersey ay???
LETS WORK: 30 Flutter-Kicks topped with 30 Crunches; happy 9Round Minute!!
Although not my thing, thanks for the invite.
when would she be starting? when would you be transferring? I'm assuming you'd coordinate...
thank you. I am on the mend.
I applaud this and hope to see you in an arena soon!
YES, I told you I can sing! But noo,you don't listen!
Should I get a Verizon iPhone?
Holy mother of all things bad.... #Lakers WTFuck?!?
WOW! RT Malone? RT : most overused word on twitter: wow. most times i see wow, i think why?
Watching a Jack Johnson film in Geography. <3
you'll absolutely get there! & glad you're into the crits, we're so excited to see those come together. Thx for that feedback
thought you would like that
duly noted :)
i remember that moment,you had a baby voice,hehe jk
Strange song on...?
“ on a scale of Voldemort to Pinocchio ...how nosy are you?”
I should be receiving P90X in the mail today....not to sure if I am happy or scared.
DJ Pauly D is whack as fuck
Ever been on board a haunted ship? Tell us which one.
idek how I get straight A's thinking about him all the time!
Bulldozer pulled out at Jackson and lasalle
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, Affirmative Action, Inclusive Inclusion. Will be keynote speaker at 2 events.
While you work through Cisco's customer service, I can give you access to GlobalMeet and get you up and running. Give it a shot?
And who decided to make Knoxville into Antarctica?
Portland Fire confirms one man dead after falling into a tank. They will empty the tank of Haz Mat before getting the man's body out.
I need a good color scheme for #IntelliJ when writing #groovy. Using #solarized now but not happy with it. Any suggestions?
BYE I'm really not gonna argue wit no english person ur not even american GOODBYE!!!!
Thanks! I'll have to check that out next time re: lavender lemonade.
no worries. Was all over the place. Great event!
Its PERFECT!! One Stop Shopping!!
Happy Holidays to all of our supporters and may you have a Happy New Year!
Cool. getting into color grading. Mac Guru Brad Stoddard gave me some tips. He's editing a Redcam Spy Thriller. cut cut cut!
Keep positive energy and hella smoke for em......
O yea Ma bad I thought u was talk N bout another pic Slow Shit Slow Shit. LLS!! ND Thank u I Love it ND I Love You to Kayla.
just got back from a great day on the lake!
Had fun at #WWE #RAW last night :-)
#iloveaboy from Stratford, Ontario, Canada named JUSTIN DREW BIEBER <3 LOVE U <3 <3
Doing homework and cleaning on this beautiful Saturday. Surprisingly hungary despite the amount of food I ate Thursday
Dear Twitter, Will you please allow us to have centered backgrounds?
Have you ever tried a stapleless stapler? Very cool stuff!
back to work today. at the office listening to Pigface. volume at 11.
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks in South Bend Indiana on May 11th. : )
how about a SO to the Kings for making it to the conference finals. I think the last time was '93 with Bubba Melrose
I can't believe I still remember the lyrics to Ziplock Bag.
The Afternoon FiX is live right now! Tune in and get your hard rock fix with me! -MC Nutt
movie in health class :P #fatallove #anyone know this?
I hate how uncomfortable day old tattoos are
e.g., Using scene change detection/2 approaches to structuring grade/Stereoscopic workflows/Loading & conform mat
Not particularly impressed with Prototype 2 yet. Other than graphics nothing really seems that significantly improved. Hope I'm wrong.
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties. call now : 866-970-2532
Best thing I ever did... Lie to keep my sanity...
kill him for that.
Time to bounce back and climb that mountain.
great series. I want it to happen
Keep reading! The important thing is to enjoy!
Is Mike Maddux getting close to Peterson status?
said hello to Mr Soul. He was indifferent.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Thanks to every1 who came out to our brunch party yesterday! Special thanks to the awesome girls who put on a show for us on top of the bar!
Get a free screening of the Christian movie Without a Father in your church. Just go to www.freechurchfilmpremieres.com
ah I wish I was there!!!!
I'm a fan of breakfast.
Paul, the link did not come out well, cut at the second bracket, please re-post with a better link
Helped Frank with his computer, he couldn't connect to the Internet.
Nope. Not that she wasn't worried it's just we've seen alot worse. You were just taking a "siesta".
I can't help it. I love paper books.
In an age of new media, there's no reason not to work hard to disseminate our research
except we are missing a part of our family right now... Dad :(
Its not RT Y is it so hard 4 a man 2 be with some1?
Thanks to all MCTS rides are free from 6pm until the end of regular service on St. Pat's Day 3-17-12
The new special is so good I'm now watching it again. This will be repeat 3.
:( sorry you feel poopy.
hey u found me on vside. When u getting on?
working on the dance right now
Ha! RT ...choose between signing and Rachel signing on the 29th? What kind of Sophie's choice BS is this?
That's what I'm talking about. Looks like fun. One-off? Series?
Hair takes 72 hours to completely dry.
You're right. Is it work ethic, maturity? Maybe he should take a page out of Gerald Green's book. GG, a good story.
Welcome to Columbus/Dublin, Ohio. Hope your event is a great success.
celeb apprentice tonight.
Sat in front of tonight at Titanic:) haha sorry if we scared you by randomly talking to you! hahaha
Mani/Pedi monthly ...you know ladies
Friday game, Saturday with Sounds like its going to be a good weekend
Classes open for September registration... Aerial Basics, Pole Fitness, Contortion 10% off for registering for September.
After a rehearsal last night I dreamed that I was living my character's life. Love it when that happens.
i'm pretty sure i get a little more attractive every year. that probably sounded stuck up, actually. fuck it.
because vidal sassoon died?
Grading to the soulful stylings of the industrial woodchipper across the street.
Ghost protocol ain't half bad so far
Today's gift card winner is Frances Labor. Congratulations!
do you go to the store everyday?
RT Head to the for lunch today, drinks and hoops tonight and full on st pattys day celebration tomorrow
I make u scream, make cream. Weigh it out on the triple beam. (FREE RHYMES) Tweek & Follow
RT talks zombies, vampires, and the future of gaming with Highlandtown-based
I of course, like the Liberal Arts School, may have had needed a framework and theory closer designed for competency
Gator Bowl result makes the NCAA's sanction stalling even more salty in the Buckeye's wounds.
Don't be Busy. Be Productive, America!
Not so glamorous when pounding pavements trying to get an audition. Still love it, though!
All done with #lisa10 and waiting at SJC for flight back to Seattle. Sorry to see it done, but more than happy to be going home.
Hahaha when my brother sets the phone down while this girl is talking his ear off and watches tv
was leaning toward no but this was the second article on the topic in as many days. Not leaning quite so much now
Pauly d makes me wanna jizz my pants every i see him.
So touched by Whitney Houston's funeral, her "home coming"! We will always love you Whitney! RIP
Yes yes I was turned but I called it a (lesson learned)
I'm a sucker for good covers. Has anyone read THE INNOCENTS by Francesca Segal?
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world. Buddha
Compliments on the haircut make up for the 5 mins of panic I had while cutting. I thought I saw more cranial lumps/lesions.
's lead singer looks like a coke-head. These guys are lame.
Okay, Cori.. Keep that door closed and locked. For good.
Having a baby sleep in your arms is one of the best feelings ever<3
as long as we order the drinks up. :) And stirred not shaken.
Are you a Happy Birthday song traditionalist or innovator?
That Romulan stuff should be illegal. Know what I'm saying ?
After you left?? hahahah
Come on Rosetta Stone!! We got this!!! lol :)
Jerremy Lin and the other guys w/ the Knicks play that team in Miami tonite under All Of THE Lights ! Thats what Im doing tonite !!
You have to put the past behind you before you can move on.
t-10 hours till song drops
RT "It's about putting your hand in water;when you remove it and the surface stills,what’s to show that you were ever there?"
Fucking bitch, you get mad at me for something you did wrong
International Women's Day! "I am woman hear me roar!"
you are very welcome.
I'd rather get 0 likes for a picture of my face than 50 likes for a picture of half my tits
heavy saturation on 75th between Metcalf and Roe. Spotted four fuzz and one had someone pulled over.
For a kid w/extreme olfactory sensory issues, he sure can douse himself in Hollister's Jake cologne.
and how many time did you eat?!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
- you know joe Chang or his brother at hp?
People are interesting sometimes.
I'm tired of people using twitter and facebook to bag on people.
Cold cookies and warm milk. What's good?
it's awesome:)
<---- I just thought I'd say she's awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>.
W. C. Fields~ Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
I ran a 5K charity run yesterday. Yea, I feel it this morning.
I agree
Party at Trashwater! Next 10 people to mention Baby Robot get free admission! Free beer, free food, and a pool! 635 Dekalb!
YEP. RFP is on the street for developer to replace the whole thing w some bright and shiny
. Me either just saw the the commercial.
People that wasn't "farm to table" when it WASNT "cool" 25 years ago and suddenly shop at farmers markets now
I see London. I see China. I see one happy vagina.
What do you guys think is the best Monday party? AV, Writers Room, Cathouse, Playhouse, Colony?? Not sure what to recommend to a client.
So true!! RT : Shopping my Values is NEVER over!! :)
do u want aurora or mila or thibault or diane to see those
Hello Burbon Street!
is getting mad at me tho :(
Thanks for hyping guys! :)
I probably jizzed 20 times during the Avengers. Incredible movie.
Congrats! So exciting!
Watching a twenty-something boy enjoy tomato soup from a Thermos was the most heartwarming thing I've seen in ages.
They change right before your eyes.. Women are amazing creatures to watch observe and study.. Women's psych.. Need that class
Who on earth is Bon Iver??
I'm always awesome. Thought you knew this by now. We are NO longer friends
you never know though! Which song are you going to sing ?
Did you hear? Mitt Romney doesn't like store-bought cookies. So much for his stance on the free market system.
Oh shit! Just saw that George Watsky coming to South Milwaukee PAC next Monday! Mos Def meets Woody Allen.
"When a thing is Funny, search it for a hidden Truth" --George Bernard Shaw ... Remember; The Truth is the Truth wherever it comes from*
Wasting my life, waiting for the bus.
Launchwrite users: if you experience the black screen bug: drag your custom BG image files into this folder: "HD/Library/Desktop Pictures/".
do i need scrip for that? just sneezed 7x in a row which is supposed to feel like an orgasm but let me tell you--it doesn't.
It's all in the wording. When Obamites have nothing left,... just reword to their favor
She is doing tysabri but was telling me of her copaxone and beta seron I believe it's called reactions as well
I try to hide what's bothering me. I hope I don't have to worry anymore. I am careful and carefree. :)
have you started packing yet. It is going to be pretty warm and humid. Get pumped for foods on sticks at the
Taking my fam they Mothers Day gifts trying to surprise them.
I have a feeling you won't see this, but can I get a "hi" or a "be iconic"?
What are you wearing today?
Looks great! (hope that answers your question :)
Rumor has it Top Model is moving to Friday. Bad idea! Why would you put a crap show like top model with a hit like Supernatural?
Glad to have you here!
Yankees loaded on base and can't break the tie:(
there is access to internet access at any local library and cafes everywhere. All citizens have access from what I have seen.
#StayAwayFromMeIf I'm not talking to anyone else
I TRUSTED YOU HAIRCUT LADY.
P90X definitely works if you're willing to stick with it..
Chicken pot pies!
~Want to golf with Oprah's Stedman in Chicago? hit up Tesseler Dillon
Auditions for Take Ten tomorrow. Director's meeting Sunday B4 Superbowl!!!
My twitter alerts aren't coming through on my phone so I didn't receive your mention much love to
Nice. Good luck! Do you have a race plan or goal distance? Or just "see what happens"?
I've just finished catching my wind from shooting last week with super fine Claudia Jordan in my film STALKER...!
Wishin i had him here tonight to sleep next to... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764> ...
sweet. Haha, I'm also good at pouring cola.
I like TNA wrestling a bit more :x :X
Summer work sucks
I can't stop eating ^^
call me, maybe or the Biebs? Or neither?
I will. I guess you don't keep your word
RT : #FF to everyone that's shown #ZN love on twitter this week! thank you,
If you can't change the things around you, then change the way you think about them. ~Wayne Dyer
Let writing be part of your life #USC #Writers conference
nice pic guys
Oh my God the amount of fish and spinach I just ate in such little time
ok thanks
Thanks, Tony. Refresh my memory but I thought they stopped collecting assessments awhile back?
how is it?
Thanks, Rob. Better late than never! We appreciate the support.
Can't get the party rock anthem out my head. Lol
Just bought plane tickets for Seattle!!!
Wow i have a weird boyfriend!! I love him though I LOVE JOSH haha
Oh but now He look like a fool
Fuck You Good, Love You Better
—hikers raising political awareness by walking from San Diego to NYC—just walked through Gallup, on the way down to Albuquerque.
UGH! IS IT MAY 21st YET!?
I'm woeking in DC from late June through July. Any chance you'll pass through?
Just seen these dope ass adidas. Gotta cop em soon
i wish i could listen to some trojan football
Knock knock, where we at? In The Jungle, livin life
more #FF for : ; Good nite all
Learning Final Cut Pro and using flash for my site. degradation will not be fun on this one..
Let's be more intrigued and fascinated with people's unique genius not there weakness!
Really shouldn't wave my arms around while I'm holding knives
Good morning lol
#IfItWasUpToMe I would put a weight limit on leggings.
Why am I always so miserable when I'm not with you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
You're absolutely stunning! Happy bday grrrrll!!!!
1 down 13 more to go! K Studio weerrkk!!!
Had a great day with we are the true Thelma and Louis
I'm blaming the thermostat issue on ghosts or modular synths.
Great workout tonight! Next session Tuesday!
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
Morning all! I loaned my office keys out so now I'm loitering outside the dept waiting for someone else with keys...
see if you run into my old friend howard han from gigmaven
Hopefully my agent can do work. I'm not all that picky, but the Pack would suit me best. Plus their "stock" would go up
2 FUCKING DAYS I AM SO STOKED!
Someday we shall dine together, my dear. Someday. (I Hope)
Are you asking that seriously or ironically?
#GoodOne Some men succeed cause they r destined 2, but most succeed cause they are determined 2 #quoteoftheday JenoLo Re-Release 4 days
Attn: Phoenix Picassos—Have you made any #UChicago-themed Draw Something doodles? Willing to share? Tweet us your best, + we'll share. Thx!
Work, doctor, work, gym, pharmacy, breakfast for dinner w/ Mom, good book, sleeping pill. Don't want to see any more Arcade Fire updates.
Stoked to announce that we will be working with Mr Cameron Mizell(Chango studios) on a single set to be released sometime mid summer!
could be Hardings, too!
And sheesh, what an epic trip.
follow please!!! I really need it!!!! Come on!!!! Just one click.
Today is our anniversary(:
crap. >:( but get her u just wait
<U+200E>#menage Mondays #two girls are better than one #atl #live #tonite #atlanta #good #food #alcohol + $5 wings & fries
Wrapping up the song for the Anne/American Gods split.
ill meet u somewhere
shut it
Watching love don't cost a thing
Let me start the 1st rumor: MJ had a full face transplant and is living secret life in Abu Dhabi, out of view of creditors and police.
We will say a prayer for her Laurn.
Show tonight at the FIne Line. Downbeat is 7:30. See you there!
Live butterflies, up close and personal Hall B, Booth 1427
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
look out for She will be probably dead by tonight, from listening to you. Make her dream come true.
Same reason girls do... loneliness.
We are launching this week - promise :-)
Jesus Christ what the hell I got picked for the home run derby in softball. I can't even
I'm gonna make this a daily tweet and tweet you a picture of Dorito until we meet him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
fuck. losing sucks
My self-esteem is at an all time low.
I'm really going to miss middle school,:/
Thanks man! You made our day. The album will be out on iTunes in the next month. Will keep you posted for sure. Glad you dig it!
Yea haha I'm from Mexico City ;)
At 2pm, we will draw a name at random from those who retweet for the free Miranda Lambert tickets. Show is tonight at "BC."
I wish they made the potty more comfortable, so I could nap....!
i promise i'm not ratchett ya'll!
Thanks for following! New changes coming to the menu soon! Grade our performance, and give feedback!
So excited to spend the Somme back in green bayy :)
gov. walker was booed out of a wisconsin restaurant tonight......um, get out of the state while your 'a gettin'.....
thank you! Puttin god first!
So....the wife and I are having a kid tomorrow. 11/11/11
WHO TURNED OFF THE HEAT
What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: "I couldn't do without olive oil (Katz) & salt (Maldon, Diamond Kosher)"
sweet dreams vinny(: <U+2764>
I dont live in utah anymore so now it takes 20 minutes to drive to church instead of 2.
- The question is, did ACORN form another organization to acquire the ACORN assets and continue the radical left agenda?
no but John Cusack will
Time to kind of say it the way I see it. The Cardinals stink this year.
No Time Warner Cable, I don't want to print my paperless billing enrollment receipt.
TWO FREE WEEKS Rent to Own, ONE DAY ONLY. Black Friday , sale starts @ 10am. Hurry in while supplies last.
You're awesome, Thanks!! :0)
When I see ur face, there's not a thing that I would change, cuz ur amazin' just tha way u r:)
Happy Thanksgiving Day everybody.
we miss you
Okay all, having an argument with people. Where do you rank Jay Cutler amongst the 32 starting QBs?
How to get this song out of my head? >.<
we do not connect on the ground with contemporary emerging leadership. Nobody marches in streets for effective programs
this app rocks
Attempting baked penne with sausage topped with Armenian string cheese :)
I think within 15 years, nobody can imagine that you're not doing [inbound marketing]
oh oh oh xD ;P
The NBA Thunder trusts our photo booths for their events-Who will you trust for yours?
Headed to lost creek for some solo r & r
RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without . ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :|
Any idea how to hide retweet's in the latest version of
Angeline tells me the real "Beowulf" does not have a golden Angelina Jolie with stiletto-heeled feet, however.
FCAT=sweats,no makeup and hair up Translation....idgaf.
maybe Obama should take his own words and think about our income tax rates
Your Dodgers at my Brewers. Kemp vs Braun. Gonna be a great series. #MLB all day, everyday.
in the end, Jen was actually really good though! But still want my 3 through.
Thanks, lol if I keep rewarding myself, I'm sure I'll be able to stick it out this time.
American airlines is in air mailage debt that is equivalent to $8 billion USD and will never be cleared
Thanks you all for the #ff ;)
notices everyone but me!!! i tweet this boy all the time and nothin=( very fustrated right now!!
"Brains'll only get you so far and luck always runs out." - Hal Slocumb in "Thelma & Louise"
.. Kinda like your teen pussy
yea I am did yea just firgure that out!?
aw my cute cute boyfriend <3
Happy Birthday Javier!! I'm listening to Time After Time at work right now and people asking me"wow who's that?" lol u tore it up!
RT : I think im gonna do contemporary dance at Joy Of Motion! I need to start practicing!
We did done with natasha khan...in spirit. She got the meatball sub right?
Perhaps we are the only two fools running it?
didn't realize you created that visualization! Great work, its fascinating. I'd love to see a 1600-1750 version.
It's hilarious how many of my friends are checked into pho restaurants right now.. I personally had my first sober NYE in a long time! Haha
Oh my God, seeing David Boreanaz is like running into an ex-boyfriend. You know, in my parallel television universe life.
they just shouldn't put you threw that : /
our Governor Jan Brewer
Did I get an extra hour of sleep this morning
Are you following the actors you admire on twitter? Who do you like?
one of these days ima kick your ass and I'll be the one laughing ha ! >:)
i just singed in from a computer and it feels weord lol
Yea Bro Mine Started In this Shoe Line
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover. They were from the office because her father died. Apparently I signed the card.
We've been cooped up in our rehearsal space, so we can't wait 2 go into the studio tomorrow to lay down a few tracks. Watch for vids & pics!
Bike rider was in the bike lane.. his family lives in the neighborhood. Probably just heading home. How can you not stop? Details at 5pm.
So thankful to have Ari as my idol. She's so sweet,caring and does so much for us. She's an amazing role model…couldn't ask for any1 better<U+2665>
I wish I could major in non-academic reading
At noon today someone out there will be winning the Coen Brothers' TRUE GRIT. Will it be you? Probably not. But it'll definitely be YOU!
I haven't been to Eunice's house since the day you left.. And if I go to karaoke night I am only going with you! Lmaooo
Ice creams in Reeth :)
I love my university but ... why is it this NEH Institute is a big deal for folks from big Us but my U doesn't care in the slightest?
"Would you be the jelly in my peanut butter sandwich"
I want a motorcycle and a matching leather jacket
where are you going in CA? :)
yup! Get down while they're hot! Lol
Smoking hookah, pass by if you want
I think they mean you smell like tulips!
Favorite Friday Faggoooot
god is love and grace but he's also the purest form of justice-the flesh resists righteousness, but the heart & the actions do need 2 change
Martian, no. Robot, yes.
I don't want people to be my friend because I'm gay. I want them to be my friend because they like me for who I am.
Today I sat up in the vocalist #convo gypsy camp.
Its 3 already!!!!
: I think I remember us talking about that. Once upon a time
You never get tired of Twitter, right? cause monsters' eyes are on you, dear Mother Monster. ,<3
I can't wait to see to see how much Pinterest is worth ....
If the flowers start licking your face, be worried. :)
I really really really want a ukulele.
How many roads musta man walk down before he admit he lost
I spent 30 minutes Bicycling. 277 calories burned.
#Somewhereinthehood My nigga chamie car jackin' so we can get the new parts when we crash tha rover
#Great #Smoothie today! so fresh! #Raw #Spinach, #Brusselssprouts, #Carrots, #Tomato, #Banana, 1/2 c #Yogurt, 1/2 c water: #BLEND & #ENJOY!
The day breezeways goes outta business >>>>>>> that place should not be in existence
let's hope they see transit as an area of needed improvement as well…
No one should ever have to go through the trails gay men and women are going through.
Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 even better! Be safe tonight and enjoy the new year!
I'm at the New York Electroacoustic Music Festival. Let me know if you're around, too!
Who's planning family & school reunions? Plan it together with Facebook friends & family on our website. Yep, we've got your back!
They let me leave from time to time. I'll be back next week!
Why does the Tweetdeck iPhone app keep crashing. R they going to fix this?
Tomorrow! Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings at the New Daisy - RT!
Enjoying the last days of summer... are you??
The high-pitched squeal of some poor dying animal had me jumping out of bed at 2:53am to shut the door so the cat couldn't drag it in.
One of my great wonders is how people find Jay Leno funny. I think other people write his standup & he doesn't practice before going live.
Keep it simple this week. Grill out tonight & use leftover steak as salad toppers, a quick snack, or in a panini with some cheese.
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Seriously... RT Aside from being tall, Sean Marks looks more like an accountant than a basketball player.
I was just on this nigga Joe Budden twitter, this nigga got all the hoes and is living life...or so it seems, a nigga is inspired
Great company to be in; thank you, Carl.
nobody cares nugget-scrub
I've found that growing to an extreme height was the #1 way to appear older. Try it!
haha! Wait. I thought we gave it a B? Did we downgrade a letter due to burning susceptibility? ;-) great meeting you 2!
she got us matching btr thermoses and she got herself a btr blanket! we found an fye! :D
This is a big week, more news coming on the Summa buidling, stay tuned! And be sure to catch the radio show on Thurs @ 1pm, topic = Tweens
Do you guys have a favorite song?
oh stop I'm sure you did great! Don't be so hard on yourself!!!! Okay :)
Wow, the scam artists are out in force today...whew! They are just blowing up my mailbox!
"I'm making love to the Angel of Death. Catching feelings, never stumble, retracing my steps."
We're at the Greenroom tonight playin our acoustics, come on out!
Church with
LOL! Thank you!...so true!
“: I get out of work tonight at 12.... So me in Club Hush... Maybe” let's go ;)
For some reason I think Call Me Maybe is the next A Thousand Miles. A one hit wonder. Sadly.
Sorry we have been away for so long, trying to get everything setup.
thanks for the follow! i like befriending fellow photogs here in LA!
is my wifey made my morning
hahahahahahaha .... our daughter just told : "I need to comb your butt."
Kurt kobain, Janis Joplin, jimmi Hendrix, and now a winehouse, all expired at 27. is this when they lose the creative edge
like me ;) haha
man im back in mississippi my dady was fuckin ova me so i left...but i should have stayed,, i cant find a job or nothin
Goodnight ;) it's my bed time... ;( Talk to you girls tomorrow ;)
Love the colors!
RT : Almost all attendees on in-person side of #MWRC12 Virtual Worlds CG mtg weren't very familiar with Second LIfe. < Whoa!
Link to piece on Simone Dinnerstein from Diane Rehm
Whitehead--Obama is no socialist. a Socialist wouldn't give all the $$ to Wall St
if you love
so tricky, the line btwn modeling & letting them apply independently. I just remember I learned by flying solo..
“: Did I do something wrong? The video won't load..” We are fixing this tech issue now! Thanks for letting is know.
taught myself photoshop and moviemaker over the weekend...retouched MY headshots now almost done with editing MY reel!!!!
All topics trending on Twitter right now are related to Whitney. She held the soundtrack to my youth.
Thanks for mentioning us!
Who wants a free paraffin treatment? Call us at 251-9182 to book a manicure today and receive a complimentary hydrating paraffin dip.
haha exactly. can't wait for our bloody mary date :)
Made it to Montesano, WA in a cute cafe with WiFi. My feet hurt. I'm a bit sun burned. My butt itches when I sit down (need wicking pants!)
Ignorance is the best remedy for ignorance, People be critizising because it makes them feel better about own miserable lives.
"I wish to thank Rob Davis for his patience, kindness, knowledge and understanding. Rob, you will never know how much we appreciate your...
I have to work :(. Have fun!!
they to like to live in a fantasy world rather than the real one
++ Carton is awesome-sauce pored all over my #perl package
We are experimenting with Tweetdeck. Let's see if this HELLO from Infuze Marketing hits the Internets.
Ah. No longer *as* jealous. ;)
Rocking to Mumford & Sons through #AppleTV while doing homework.
man I fucks with you! I miss you yo!
Had a dream that actually got back to me re: JCP but realized it was a misdirected response to complaining about
APPLY! omg its GRAND, donuts and coffee and ice cream and cakes everywhere & the stores are so cute whoo whoo, LUFF IT
thank you:) we appreciate you taking the time to listen:)
Tell wade stop that flopping
did you get my email? Not sure if I sent it to the right address.
yes i would love a pair yes
Justin Roper will get his first AFL start for the Predators tonight at quarterback.
Back 2 back rehearsals 2nite, ready 2 get it in......
Greenwood, Indiana...watchout, Happy Jack's Hot Dogs mobile food cart will be on the move this week...daily tweets for locations
I know how much we all love infographics, so i updated my resume
Clippers say they will match any offer given to DeAndre Jordan! I can't say I blame them. The guy averaged almost 2 blocks per game.
gorgeous!! I need new ones too!
What a crazy storm today my poor doggie is hiding in the bath tub doggie valium for chewy
Hey everyone! Sorry I'm late... Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek!
that's always a good idea. I can't wait till I'm done with school though
Twitter Bootstrap is great. Really great. But is better.
Two walk off grand slams today...Votto with the Reds and Stanton with the Marlins.
Editing pics... Oh Liz La Point, how I love gazing at your beauty...
Beautiful Hotel and very friendly helpful staff.
The immune system has 3 functions: 3) Defend against foreign bodies. #bloodfacts via
tfff am I doing awake??? bed(:
Awesome! You should tell her to teach mi madre a thing or two! Haha.
I submit! Resistance was futile! :-)
Have a baby by me baby be a millionaire.
Good luck to the 70+ T2ers running the Bank of American Shamrock Shuffle 8k today! The first wave is off and running
It was so interesting. You saw me? Come say hi next time. I'm sure there will be similar events in the future. Did you enjoy?
I hate when people tell you to text them then you do and they don't text back. Whats the point?
"Your geography and biography do not determine your destiny" Simon Bailey
#BuildDayMemories 90% girls and 10% dudes. In Sean's voice ( And that's fine) lol
Obama: Americans owe more in educational than credit card debt.
And a great day got even better. \m/ \m/ RT New Stone Sour album... is slated to be released October 2012.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Earl of Beaconsfield
hey...are you going to get back to me?
Twitter poll: How long before starts denouncing everyone who tweets about Adam Yauch?
Going to another party tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> damn bro im on a fcknn roll lol
The Lion, the Witch and the Warsteiner
Did u see my last RT? thinks she's the VPs grandaughter
I swear 4 day weeks take FOREVER to complete
im so tired
If my Austin-to-JFK flight goes down, half the bands in Williamsburg are gonna be needing new bass players.
love this! it's going to be my new pitch, new advertising & marketing strategy :-)
haven't heard anyone condone threats. $ on trophy, etc. from IU grad in Lex. paper and you defend this ?
i'm literally such an idiot. WHY AM I SO DUMB WHY WHY WHY not gonna be able to sleep at all tonight.
Really hurt. But it was my fault.
these tweets about Cancer's make us look clingy and always depressed. wtf
Chamblin's is so amazing.
All I can say is wow.
Lol will do RT twitpic it
Not sure, but I say you try the agave nectar. Unless the agave experiment is a complete failure, it beats no mojito at all.
I have no idea..
Are those your lucky numbers on the fortune cookie?
that's really awesome its nice to know there r some really nice people out there :)
well that wasnt an easy one but ill take it. hang the L flag losers... won the series on the road..
I gave my 3 year old boy his very first peep today for Easter. He did not like the peep. I do not like peeps. Do you like peeps?
Now Following
It's only 5PM and we're already getting excited for #SMASH tonight. UMA!
you so welcome (: and what does that face mean?
It is truly magnificent how many affordances exist in the human form for cuddling babies.
SO DOWN!
yeah...especially when I could be having fun outside in the rain...instead of sitting in lecture all day -_-
Super excited for this! Gunna be an awesome day!
Indeed. And with a laptop you only have 1 thing that might run out of power.
yeah I will soon
“: Get off of Twitter and go stretch. #cheerstruggles” me right now
Dentist's drill sounds like a slide whistle. Should be funny. Hard to laugh when you leave his office with a tooth made of pie cream.
~wish you hosted CMT Insider all the time. not fond of you always bring that extra something to the show.
Share a of your delivery and we will give you $5.00 tonight.
Can't believe that the season finale of #WalkingDead is only 4 days away. It's going to be epic!
Don't forget motivation based on individual drivers, not assumed shared values.
Took you long enough :-)
it takes more than hitting an egg on target to be a father. happy day to those who have stepped up to the challenges of fatherhood
Yay I was to happy
Haha you make me melt! #SoHappy :)
Heading to grab a bite with shelley and kids before RPC rehearsal.
Sitting on my couch watching a little TV relaxing... I know... sounds exciting but I am loving it.
Hm what should I watch tonight?
Just wrapped up my meeting to launch my show on a new station #Clear Channel's #WLAC. Promo has been cut! Sundays, 10-11AM CST!
Travel Tip: DO NOT google how often a plane crashes before boarding.
Awww but then Katelyn would be alone while he's on tour AHG I CAN'T HANDLE THIS RIGHT NOW
Wheen your in her, you know I'm ON your heaad ;)
Aw i remember 's video for last year that i was in :) ahh memories<3
Good Morning
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT
That's where Ellen is!
#RelationshipAre a commitment you have to make.
Happy weekend, everyone!
Thanks , I love you too!
i am going camping for a week and will not be on twitter....how sad....LOL...follow me and i will follow back.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've seen you mention it several times that's why I questioned. Hope it holds. Been fun following you last few weeks.
B.A. might literally kill me. Seriously, I'll be propped up, dead, in class tomorrow like the law school version of "Weekend at Bernie's"
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free 16 lb Bag of Charcoal with $25 purchase. The weather is cooperating so get grilling! (Riverwest)
Dc Assault workouts ....kids really worked hard !
EVERYONE, IF YOU LOVE SUBSCRIBE TO HIM ON KEEK! DO IT, YOU KNOW YOU WANNA...
#3WordsForYou Take many risks.
embrace it
Just created an animated logo. It had its challenges to make , and twitter does not support it anymore. Don't be surprised if it changes.
Thank you! :)
in balmy Barbados!
Do you have plans to celebrate #EarthDay this Sunday? We'd love to hear about them!
Such a classic!
#BAYMAM - I KNOW I'm in the right place. Marley has made such a difference in my business already and can't wait for more.
My campbells soup select harvest spot is up and running on network and cable. Very happy. Cheers to the new year!!!
morning , are you coming to #BabyBashBling on 5/19?
S.S. WEB catches wind tomorrow for our show this Fri with Everymen, Rickett Pass, and Mud Town as well as the rest of our March tour! Ya dig
#What foods are imprtant to our daily diets.
thanks for inviting me to talk about health w your youth! Loved interacting with them.
March 6th & a blistering pace for D3 candidates throughout Los Angeles. D3 good luck wishes to: I.G., E.M., R.L., C.R., J.R., J.V. & I.H.
Imperial Scotch Ale is going on tap at the brewpub today! Come on down and try some of the Scotch Ale's unruly older brother...
I love Jordan Benker because he wrote on my wall and told me happy birthday yesterday.
thanks so much!
It's a number. You're as young as your mind and heart.
How do you feel about hearing this right now?
A chess genius is a human being who focuses vast, little-understood mental gifts and labors on an ultimately trivial human enterprise.
Won another Step on UB, going to make a run for the WSOP this weekend before UB stops me from playing. 4 Steps to go!!
Fancy restraunt= Fancy napkins <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Hey looking forward to following what is happening at #ASTD2012 looks like several of our members are attending this year cool!
looking forward to doing business as well :)
Reasons I love DC: I am making paper flowers and watching japanese college students play Gershwin for free.
oh shit, you weren't kidding about 7 days / week.
you know the place kid what time you comin in?
How Deep Is Your Love!>>>>>>
Damn dog nearly took my arm off trying to get at some creature in the park. It was probably a squirrel.
We used to be like the exact same person. We knew the same people, the same jokes, and now it feels like it'll never be the same.
You pay then money and still have to watch ads, so I argue that it is bullshit.
if u ask, yes!
morning jane, happy thursday to you
EVERY ONE on my tl asked about Shut up & love me, & yet THEY DIDNT ANSWER D:
Yahoo welcome to the Twitterverse! :D You will be a Sysomos Influencer in no time!
Watch #Magiccity a new series on Starz with my student, Garrett Kruithof as ADA Stout. Shooting in #Miami. I am so proud!
Your purple shoes don't match your outfit.
Leland Exton Modesitt Jr.~ Rule three hundred of obscure leadership if its your idea you get to implement it.
I already have 488 entries into the 1D contest on kissclub, hoping I win, come on luck!
"i'm probably the nicest girl you'll ever meet............until you realize what a shitty fucking friend i am"
I'm the rule breaker!
Glad you enjoyed our tweets. Thanks for joining us in the adventure.
If Marcum isn't on tomorrow, he may do a Jerry Augustine circa 1982...
MUA Cosmetics: Party makeup bag essentials you&#39;ll need when ...
Enjoyable Adcraft Club radio day lunch. Clear Channel's Bob Pittman highly engaging presentation on radio as "companion."
“: i hope you were all happy with the series finale of #MIOBI. we loved creating it for you!”<---very happy with the ending!
Playing the T2 theme at the #Padres Opener!! Saaweet!
im gonna play #TurnToYou for my mom today<3
aww thanks goose! Believe me, I'm dying to be there! Unfortunately it looks like I'm gonna have to miss tomorrow too :/
Incredible!!! As would say, that is #beastESSmode ! :)
For the last three years, Warren Buffett has been more concerned with politics than his business. That is why he has underperformed the mkt.
Cleantech investment since '04 reaches $1 trillion. RT A billion dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A trillion dollars
bye bitch(:
Invited by a friend to go out and eat but I said movies lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT : TONIGHT @ OPEN MiKE - Internship Social Mixer! ttp://innovationinmilwaukee.com/mike-internship-mixer/...
It's 75 degrees in San Diego. My daughter & I are sitting on the Starbucks patio baking, enjoying the coffee, the sun & each other.
Hi, Brooke! Sorry I missed this. I can't do 8am. Can you do anything later?
love helo kitty
You ain't trying if you ain't cheating. #Wings win another one...
RT : I'm craving O_o <---- give into the cravings girl...do it!
For each of past five years, I've purchased a new 59Fifty throwback Brewers cap on Opening Day (/Night) & worn it daily in-season. 2012 baby
I'm sure it's spam. I've been getting a lot of those lately. Not sure what it would've been anyway.
#SeriousTweet Richard Simmons HAS to be my personal trainer. I wont settle for nothing less.
#Dried mushrooms are available all year-round and are rich in flavour and when re-hydrated are of great nutrient value!
Ah thank you! I've been looking for some like these for... forever. Perfect sassy summer heel ;)
Got 2 jackets and pissed that the black jacket I purchased wasn't in the bag when I got home! grrr!!!
you survive the so co last nite ???
The follicle being clogged compromises the scalp area which then causes a change in the hair's growth pattern.
!.~+~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thnkn...i cnt wait til school starts bak...nd' I really hope I get this other job. I need all tha money!.
The answer: Build your skills! To compete in this ultra competitive market you have to be at your best in every audition.
Bye bye Dublin Dr.Pepper
In taco cabana :)
I have more info on Prince Harry's night out in SD Friday if you are interested!
The BET awards are WHATS UP!!! Right now!! Fire
anytime love
hahah okay, just checking:)
we are all so upset.. im doing better though. im just putting the year behind me and preparing to start fresh next semester.
ugh i feel like i always miss 's tweet attacks cause i'm so busy with school :( i miss her
Dam I had da best day eva it aint rain thank god. Whatup miami
That's what I like to hear! It was an excellent show!
yeah looks like it was pretty lame. Having survived some Texas hurricanes this is nothing. how'd you manage?
I've been having the strangest, most frightening dreams lately:/
ugh.... lol are we suppose to do a twitter pitch too
i wanna come to your #BelieveTour so bad :') please follow me back on here? :') I love you so much :') <3<3<3
that's great! Can't wait to read it. Look forward to working with you again soon.
Remind me again why the humidity has to be so high? Ugh.
To the people that say, "I've 99 problems but a bitch aint one." Those 99 problems are the reasons why you aint got one.
And no more winky faces, I promess.
Hehe working for Cuervo and Sally Hansen tonight on the red carpet. Drunken beauty, gotta love it.
Thank you.
That's why its entertainment dummy. You think anyone is interested in a real "singing" contest?-- No, about the circus!! DUR
looking forward to our meeting with this afternoon.
Later this year
And what's with the t-shirt under the golf shirt look? Makes no sense.
Just gotta have faith
I don't say it often enough, but I have the best, I repeat, best job in the world.
#quotes If you wait until all the lights are "green" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top.
Come check us out at on May 8th!!!!
yea Dollas my bro I love that niggardly to death
Spent my day in #trafficcourt watching red tape at work. WOW, it's a snorefest
#BackInElementarySchool I had recess. I no longer have recess... :( I'm in middle school/junior high. Haha idc.
Ah Big Brother time OMG!!!
soon? “: Happy Hour tonight: $2 Belgian Frittes (excellent french fries) and $2 Heineken Drafts! 2-6pm!”
St. Trop was the first l'Occitane shop I saw in the 90's
lol, very true. Aren't you always on the road?
PR Observation of the day: When is it enough? Some people will never learn. Pigs get fat. Hogs get slaughtered! #corpoamerica Gotta love it.
Again, I just think your standards for success are much higher than mine. Hard to square that.
TONIGHT!: Richmond Varietease: The Den of Delight with Corn Mo 8:00 doors! 21 and up!
I find out if I got into UF on Friday at 6:00 PM so this week needs to go by fast.
Shouts out to for the work she's putting in!! Tune-in tonight (7p-9p ET) to hear her record #OldSoul on WFXE FM Foxie 105!!!
Is blackberry down or something? I can't get on bbm or twitter...
You talk as if you don't know me. I'm disappointed. I AM.
My boy Phillip Phillips' killin it right now.
I saw that yesterday. What a pile of horse crap.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Fixation on a lower level of abstraction is sub optimal.
For the record, If you wore flip flops, it wasn't exercise.
Thanks so much! You too!
watching you on Piers Morgan. Great interview. (From a native Syracuse kid :-) )
watching Platoon wif the boy
I think I'm on the verge of scaring the tenants that I like at work, cause my friendly/polite hellos aren't coming off, at all this week.
its awesome to be following! ;)
I didn't, but I LOVE her & need to send her something pretty to wear! I think she'd look great in Rockin' B :)
that works on some...
I am so proud to have hosted a speech by Robert Bielski who discussed the true story of the Bielski brothers’ survival of the Holocaust
wish me luck :)
Hey Zach, how are you? :)
haha I blocked a chick because of the 1st one last night...sad part is she is older
You say you nevr done it
Lol these Haitian females grilling me ahahah
aren't you 22 minutes early for a FF? :-)
My favorite Hopscotch poster, by far...just ordered one. Thank you!
Steve Shaw is a dick.
“: Put some whiskey in my coffee this morning because, hey, it's Ireland somewhere!”
I love ! I also LOVE ! But, it's kinda strange how much Maria resembles ;) He likes his older ladies
Wow! If thats a flagrant foul, the #Knicks might as well get on the plane home. Cuz the refs are goin to hand this series to the
i always wanted to visit Hawaii ;) i hope u have a good time
u prob having an allergic reaction to the metal u have, try some bio flex or ptfe
RT : An #Aries woman is great to have in times of despair or need, she will always be there for you.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Thanks Lisa! :-)
Thxs for mention.
In 10 days I see the Dali Lama speak at SDSU and then head off to ! Life is good!
The is outside of school today. Such a nice surprise!
As the Clash once said, Who shot the shot? 2 months back in Boyle Heights and was awakened by a loud blast. Honey, I'm home!
Atlas Sound on right now!
Busy, busy show. Just had Thom Brennaman and SI's David Dusek, Jim Armstrong from Cincy and Nugget Anthony Carter coming up! MHS, AM 1510!
Looking forward to Fall?! If your training has come to a halt due to the excessive heat, don't worry there is still plenty of time to train!
Want to learn how to swing dance? Come in tonight for lessons beginning at 8!
sweet. :) I thought MN was two zones.
The past 2 days have been my recovery days off but i cant stop, i feel as if someone, somewhere is working harder than me.....
Late Night Happy Hour, $5 Drafts - starts at 10pm.
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 87
Things some people could stand to be hit over the head with: 1)kindness 2)sensitivity 3)driving skills.
feels #awesome to get a W against wilm. for the first match of the season! won mine: 6-0, 7-5 let's get em tomorrow too!!!
OH at Eastburn. "I had somebody call me a unicorn today."
Thank you for naming award for Best Lounge or Event after our founder Diane Naegel. Great honor!
will be perfecting #ChickenMushroomRice this week!! Let me know if you want to place an order!!
a Big Thank You to Liz and the gang for being such great neighbors to and great friends of !
After going to Europe a trip to Oregon is like pocket change to you, right?
I agree. There was some debate here with Chick-filet. Some seem ok with their oil and process and curious what others thought
chillin, what's up..
Okay so, I got a new bikini, Foster Grant sunglasses, Steve Madden sandals, A NEW car, and a new wardrobe.. This week is gonna be fun ;D
cardigans are very suspicious
my pleasure!! And it will be great as always....doesn't matter what it is! Show off the new iPad and people will aaawww...
Whatever works! Glad the ratings were up, hope it continues throughout the year.
haha I totally noticed that, too! It's like an outer space fascinator.
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
bad haircuts
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
please send an email with details of what you are experiencing to . We'll be able to help you.
Dont freak out when somebody says bitch, its just another word for female dog, thats all.
hey friend, remember me??
we will have a healthier pizza option for you soon... tasty food that you don't have to feel bad about eating
In the past year I've really perfected my ability to wear pretty much the whole J. Crew catalogue and still look kinda homeless. #
You would think Shannon brown would be the first person you box out... Sick dunk though
Dr Scott delivered an awesome keynote on gaming as a library service. Got some good ideas for academic libraries as well!
#Uggla makes those throws so often, it's hard to believe. Remember that one from last season that went into the fifth row?
yeah I'm still waiting <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Big debate about #civilunions coverage today Who should we put on TV today?
Good afternoon!!!!!!
Horsin Around with #Gimme5 at Tonight.
listening to the brilliant speak in the flesh!!
I saw that and was also wondering about the rules issue.
This game boring lol
The sun is shining & it's snowing. Yup, I live in Reno, NV. "If you don't like the weather, just wait a few hours, it will change."
2012 is going to be a GREAT year for Maria. I can feel it.
Bad Teacher was a freakin hilarious movie
maybe introduce an dprovide time for PLC?
Use Notes to keep details of how you met this connection, other information that could be helpful later on; they cannot see it!
Ditto! RT : loved the "announcements" part of the meeting today. that was DNA all the way through.
It feels so much earlier.
Went to Whole Foods today, because we needed $157 worth of pesto and breads that will be stale in an hour.
I'm happy for finishing 7th in his #NASCAR #NNS rookie debut! But man I can't wait for Dylan out there!
Going to bed before midnight. Oh baby I'm lovin it!
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely. ~ Anonymous
Be careful what you fish for.
Both of Us by B.o.B featuring Taylor Swift is #beautiful!
RT Re-Entry Draft roll call is a somewhat comical exercise...
yeah it needs to STOP!! U WILL NEVER FIND A GUYS IF YOU CANT LOOK PAST ONE THING HANNAH~!~~!! i love you :)
I just got a voicemail from someone in a personnel office...perhaps a job interview is forthcoming?
haha lookin good! Happy birthday!! Don't forget to give me some kind of an idea!
I miss Sassy! And Jane. Well, Jane before it sold out.
Niggas be throwing up the illuminati like they know about it. Smh
She my motivation
Did a double feature, loved it!
...I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below... I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow.... (Scottish)
I didn't have sex with him trust me.
My moms taking the girls tonight for a sleepover! Since I spent all day organizing I'm happy to get a good nights sleep!
dam got to go all the way back up top into the county when it wasnt needed
Perhaps out of reverence to Steve Jobs, my MacBook has stopped working unless it's plugged in to an outlet.
Ray Charles to the bullshit. Now hop up on this dick and do a full split...uh
thanks coach!
Pranking my sister m I need ideas???
Wow! $20K poll! Maybe #Ed Reformers didn't like that American Federation of Teachers spent over $1M to undo the progress that's been made?
Twitter vehicles such as tweetmyjobs.com, twitjobsearch.com and tweetajob.com. All using twitter engine.
Who's ready to hear the second single off of our upcoming ep?
Recorded Curators at SFMOMA yesterday. Winderful comments on Jasper Johns, David Park, Clyfford Still.
Online Gaming Market continues to grow in the Asia-Pacific Region - openPR (press release)
word of the day "fructuous" Fruitful; productive.
john terry!
You're Awesome Jenn! Thx.. Super Intellect in this group:
Stupid conversations make sense when you're talking to someone special.
I met someone new yesterday their name is 4 miles an oh my god I'm feeling every bit of it right now
I bet. Clovis must be tiny.
Happy 125th to Occidental! Final Spring practice of the year today...
Any idea what the raindate policy is for kickball? Double-headers?
RT : #SIF $1 invested in , $13 returned to low-income families. that's social innovation at its best
ah-ah- ah- ah- ah- oooowwww!
We recommend Nordic Naturals. Expensive but nowhere near cost of Lovasa. Many think the omega-3s in Nordic are more available.
I could fit him in the trunk. The fish will be riding in the front seat. Oh I got a fish... I got lonely with Nealer not coming over as much
lmao!!!!! My phone be dry
OH MY GOSH AUSTIN. GUESS WHAT. I HAVE TO TELL YOU. Iloveyou. That is all;)
harrison ford, how I love thee
Totally eating my feelings with two Snickers ice cream bars.
lol sweet thanks. You ROCK. It was you who inspired me.
RT : In VSIA days, more lawyers than engineers in #IP integration- Jean-Marie Brunet
What some look forward to the most about work is when supervisors are on vacation.
: Actually, the halls of indigo are now burnt red, the GG bridge is now rainbow and the Waldo tunnel is indigo with spotted rhinos.
nike 2 piece i ordered >>>>
All the ed. petitions in the world will not change existing public mindset re: ed. purpose.
Should ADHD meds be taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. I know the answer is "It depends..". Tweet your opinion to me!!
Just back from the Mariners game - Griffey wins it in the 14th with 2 outs and 2 strikes.
Last night I went on a lil ghost hunting adventure, and it was lovely. But now I've gotta go through the footage, how boring, lol.
He had a huge car wreck after Practice and ended up in a ditch. Didn't die
Corey and I are going to that show!!
Thanks for the follow! :P
miss you more </3 love ya sweetcheeks ;))
4th qtr is the best time of the yr - Football is everywhere, Basketball is on the horizon, new video games coming, and tv shows premiering!
I've never met he doesn't follow me, never tweeted/RT me, he doesn't know I exist, yeah it hurts, but I'm still a Mahomie!<3
I gotta find me another twitter app!
aw well thank you :)
That was just too fucking funny! Lmfaoo these whores :-*
I'll see you guys on April 7th !
Indeed it will. I am truly honored to be able to send this message to the man, the legend, the founder. Best wishes to you sir.
Kuechly crediting Albright and Wes Davis for taking him under their wins when he got to BC.
Stuck in traffic and have to piss.. What would do? #Wheresthecup #dampseats lol
#welcometotheclub, I'm the president!
southern indiana may as well be mars.
the IAP Dance panel will begin at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room D. We'll begin with app
yes! is coming with!
Oscar winning Actor Louis Gossett Jr & Israeli transexual trance singer Aderet on tonight 9-11pm (pst) on my show on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Did anyone catch our shout out from Good Morning Texas yesterday? <3
My god you look so stunning tonight. Seriously WOW!!
Brilliant! I'm not even going to try to top that.
Our biggest problem: getting volunteers online
Nothing attracts like excellence.
Most bands I get so bored of, but never Lydia. Never.
RT : #letnotyourheartbetroubled thanks sean, I just love this verse John 14:1
haha only up momentarily, GOOD AFTERNOON!
Getting my shit together.
RT Happy Anniversary, Sprinkles Scottsdale! The first 50 to whisper “Happy 4th” @ each Sprinkles receive a free...
RT : I considered a #mnmaps Rickroll but didn't want death threats, so I'll just send this link from OR leg:...
LOVE it! “: Teacher digital portfolios as an alternative evaluation tool. Teachers learning along with students #plpnetwork”
I can't stop laughing! I'm not sure I know who is..?
NaLee2010.com a trilogy, a brand new fantasy, mermaids, dragons and a 16 year old boy mysterious and sexy chek it out!!!
you crack me up:)
Awesome game! Congrats to you and the #Packers from Houston!
i aint got a mom bro :/ she up in heaven watching the heat !
The NRA Legislative Affairs Director is speaking now. Sounds like a firearm salesman.
For Real, good thing the Royals handled them already this week
I want to go back to Japan
RT in awe... kickstarter.com/projects/17592…//great insight on writing. A worthy investment as well
why you leave me cutie? D:
could you please stay in one piece until I get there to hug u? Thanks! :)
Yeah seriously brave!
have you ever wondered why you have to click on "Start" to stop Windows?
Great response 2 my #discount offer for #executive #coaching. Email me b4 the close of business today. Can't beat this!
you guys can eat froyo now... Yo Life Yo Yo just got for here bowls
WT EDITORS: Jessica is #reading The Unnamed by Joshua Ferris, which is about "a man who can't stop walking."
Guess it's that "absolutely positively" thing. Never wondered about the "or else" part of that.
you're a goddamned tease.
& thanks for all your help today! You make me smile.
You can't do it ": Oh no! We suck again!"
Good lookin out RT : Congrats to the homie .... Another notch on the belt...
We've come too far to turn back now!
I'm getting seriously tired of you being a bitch all the time. #stop before I knock you out. K thanks.
Run with real big rocks and throw them and get stronger. ready to fight!!!!!!!!
Film sounds great! We're working on our own micro-budget post-apocalyptic film called #Knock. Good luck! -JO
They paid him $0 signing bonus so they lost nothing but potential production. Fat from worst since Raiders will sign Leinhart
Can u put ARC & Brad Pitt in a box and mail it to me?
Is problem-based learning the key to developing interdisciplinary science curriculum? Your thoughts?
Cool, let me know. I'm down
Thanks and for the follows! Proud to be from the great state of Mass!
Why do girls like bad bad guys LOL
you are online?
Yeah, don't get any ideas.
No problem! :0) (HUG)
Another reason to love San Francisco: Almost every corner store sells Orangina.
awww why thank you! I'm just tired of stuff making me tired all the time. I used to never ever be tired
coming from you
Super Bowl Sunday is finally here.
you compared me to a Lil homo kid that all 15 year old girls love..
yea come thru we here kickin it
You have my vote!
The Way #oomf Talks , Walks , Looks At Me , Laughs , Smiles , & Even Breathes Annoys The Shit Out Of Me . I Really Dislike Them .
With summer on the horizon, who are you excited to see on tour? @ reply us!
hahahahaha well yourself
Nothing, but if you can get Manning, I could careless about Tim.
- Go Stars! Keep up the hard work Ladies!! You Rock!
I've been in San Francisco for a while
.....and you felt the need to send me that ...because....?
Our booth is now officially a mega-booth #awp12 with
How much freedom do individual teachers have about how to teach about the Holocaust? How many choose their own texts?
If I delete you off fb don't send another friend request you stupid skank! I don't need your drama
"Because of the Affordable Care Act being a women is no longer considered a pre-exisiting condition" -Leader Nancy Pelosi
I want pancakes so bad
I heard today from a Social Media professional "twitter is just a fade". Twitter potential for B2B & B2C is still been developed/discovered.
Wow. How hard do you rock, babe? I'll reciprocate as soon as I get off this iPhone and back to a proper computer. :)
He just made a million dollar sale by discounting it 50%. Someone get this guy a promotion!
Is anyone doing anything exciting for #StPaddys tomorrow?
is that a lot?
i got tables son
Stackin this paper so I can relax later hustle none stop I want all the money!
Hawaiian pandora station. Always on point.
YO UR NOT LOOKIN' FOR ANY PRODUCERS TO JOIN UR STABLE R U?
How was everyone's weekend?
#Deadass and then i look at my crappy phone lol
i's so sad to miss last nite! Seemed like show of the decade. totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys!
Off to Oxbow in Napa - after being an observer in some crazy familial convo... If only these animals could talk.
The fact that they are called the Golden Dawn makes me laugh in so many ways.
#FF shout out to ! Excited for your big launch in February and to see the change you will make in the lives of young people.
How can school be made to follow the business or working world to better connect the stu to RW? : :
can never go to that store and buy just two or a couple items
don't you want to help me design my next tattoo?
Awh..how sweet. I will carry you, if you feel like falling down <3
Got an email saying my Diaspora invite was coming soon. Forgot I had even signed up.
Thank you! We will be stopping back for sure!
#FF Great news, great blog, great follow!
Bennie and the jets
I need motivation...6 more pages left out of 12. Darn you close textual analysis paper.
Bitches play so hard in front of other bitches but are actually soft af
Dear Lord forgive me for all that I done knowingly and unknowingly.
Good work. How long did it take? Professor better have given you an A.
Four day work week. Then 10 day vacation!!!!
"Wigwam Susie and the corn maze crew" LOL
"Pro-lifers" want to cut food stamps
Day dreaming about winning the #megamillions all day long today.
Elimination Chamber's Painful History
Easy Win
how many beers are you gonna down for the big birthday party sunday? #SO to Center Field in Marathon!
Duggs the Bulls still have a better record and the Bulls had no Luol Deng or CJ Watson the Heat still barely won
Katy Perry is a hero
2012 is the return of the crazy someone will fulfill the VIP bodybag
canelo Shane to old man
Really Jose Reyes? Really? You didn't see Ted Williams sitting the last game of the year out to ensure his .400 AVG. Braun will rise up!
Yes, thanks. How's everything, when you coming back this way? RT : RT : Ah, good morning< J!
Appreciate the RT
Silly I know... But I really wish & would be friends again.
Either a Pens logo or a tattoo for my grandfather and my aunt who passed away 2 months apart
fuck:( I'm so bored
no, thank you Arzu
I love horror movies and the pop culture that surrounds it, I look forward to it.. Too bad I can't star in it .. Sad face :(
they discontinued them #LowSales RT Any Mahsa Ball doughnuts aboard? If not, they should get on that.
where u flying tomorrow? I'm flying to Wilkes barre via Newark and NYC
Smooth move Rush
nice! I need such summary skills! I'm wallowing in events from 1796, when I really just need to get to the action in 1801...
Thanks for following! :))
Check out . CEO speaking at Digiday:LA today with our client. We are doing incredible stuff for flash sales.
anyone in #ROC know someone who runs a driving range? I have found possibly 1,000 range & brand name balls & would like to sell them off
RT : Spanish football in crisis.
lets trend #WellingtonOver1D #Wellington swag
you guys rock and what a voice Abby! Holding it down in Londontown!
I liked my sixth and seventh grade pictures better.
Game day!!!
Sitting in the hot tub is one of my favorite things to do.
If it wasn't for this test, I'd just be getting up
Ha RT "Whale you be my valentine?" "Dolphinately." #LoveNotes #Happy Valentines Day
nope! free all day
Is anyone else in the North East suddenly suffering with allergies and headaches as bad as I am?
Our next #AfterHours event is tomorrow 6-8pm at ! Wanna come? Email
“: She Was Kickin Out A Whole Bunch Of Bullshit. That's The Shit I Don't Like! Lol”
Any suggestions for best car audio spot in #charlotte? Need some new speakers for the Jeep.
happy mothers day
That awkward moment when you see an ex you DON'T want to see ever and the look like an idiot trying to hide
So much grammar i never fucking learned #fucksats #fucktheenglishsystem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
6:00am Thursday April 28 marks the end of an era for 91.7 FM & RIP my beloved. I'll see you on the flipside.
Sorry. :( So was that last tweet for me then?
Cabs weren't advertising me.
Off to Spain today for three weeks of eating, drinking, and learning.
#FF , frequently delightful
Well it only took one day to find an apartment & furnature. I'm feeling lucky!
Back from KingsCast Studios. Editing a new show with - new show up in the morning.
Ceti Alpha Six exploded six months after we were left here.
Shoutout everyone follow this hard working producer RT : much love fam!
ooohhh yeaa all day er day ;)
New song this weekend tho
thanks man...will do...workin on a lot of new stuff
So much money... You should take that chance.
Video of students talking about tech., all were using phones, phones did everything.
Rick Slick hating on the twitter :( # itsokthowestillheartyou
spray it with windex, that's what my sister does haha
yes but I don't know it
ugh this sucks!!
#MyBiggestFear is the day my Mom dies. Thinking about it almost makes me cry
Everyone go follow he needs to get 200,000 followers then maybe he will follow me! And he is a amazing guy too (: <U+2665>
it's sad but true haha.
Oh my subconscious. I love you so much. You solve problems when I'm in long meetings.
I would like to say it was fun but it wasn't it was terrible
Detroit. im a Pistons, Lakers, Bulls fan.
I haven't seen in years either!!!!!
--->RT : RT : F everything. Tim Duncan might be the third GOAT after MJ and Bill Russell.
Law firm is West Los Angeles is seeking a Junior Litigation Secretary. Must have some prior legal exp and strong computer skills.
<U+E414>...waking up in your crushes bed..<U+E414>
They didnt' even care if I got a burned bagel! And the manager didn't even care! Does Brueggers Care about it??
I just got honked at in the whole foods venice beach parking lot. It's getting real...
Yup! Although what does "compatible" mean? To my knowledge Square doesn't have an API.
He said he needed about tree fitty.
Went to water st project. DC...sigh...Poor form
Thanks a ton. I'll check this out!
Thinking about this weekend... It all went so smooth.
I promise I'll fly out! No question.. I'm there!
You're Welcome :)
Sub in English!!
| Thanks for a great session!
To all of you who try going for a "zero figure" just remember, real men go for curves. Dogs go for bones.
if you go to sarah's twitter, you'll see it. it's the tweet that says "bullying gets you no where" or whatever hahahah
yeah it's disc golf city around those parts.
Have a good day!
You do django, right?
I'm more freaked by the schizophrenic on the bus then the person with cancer.
Many people will be voting against Obama for this decision and many will be voting for him for this decision.
I want to cut your advertising budget in half & sell every used car on all your lots in Florida in the next 30 Days ! 323-370-6419
Did I mention that I live Diane Lane and Josh Brolin?
Dude, did not see that coming is what Charlie Sheen is saying right now. Sargon Kutcher is
I'll have to go back and put that in the listing
Another way to fly.... RT : Checking out the Flying Arts at Emerald City Trapeze. if you want to follow.
Will you an Ol' Crimson be making an appearance at the Crimson & Gray game
“: “: Any suggestions for a great birthday dinner out in Philly? Thanks!” Vetri!” - or Monks! (get the veal cheeks)
MAKE ME A SANDWICH WOMAN!>:O
Gasol can only do that cause he's tall...
Giving a shout to new followers we are so honored to have!
Over the Rhine, Bon Iver, Calexico, and Iron and Wine. Is there a better background for a Sunday evening of reading?
This is why I don't wanna work, can't find a permanent job, tired of starting over...
your welcome :)
Thanks to you too! If you or need anything at all, don't hesitate to let us know: it's what we're here for.
I was going to say...seems early for you too
Howdy , what kind of shoes do you see your racers wearing? Also, it's kickass that you have 4 types of races.
I will leave a series of clues around the Q Prime compound. Each more challenging than the last
Watching Boston and PHI..go Boston
who's your favorite player in #WorldCup? Better yet, what's been your fav. moment during #WorldCup?
no..lol ive liked the pacers since 4th grade though! if that counts for anything. its exciting 2 see everything come together!
Crossing fingers!!
Thanks for the follow. Ancestors are Highlanders. Ever study the history of the S GA coast? Lots of HLDers. Real culture shock!
Come on over! We would be happy to have you, plus a $100 bill credit when you switch
#lunch specials!! Braised applewood pork belly quesadilla.
it's da bomb.
the only thing I like about USC is/was Steve Sarkisian
looking thru old docs, found invoice from 5/2002. piece: "how to be her rebound." commissioning editor: ky henderson.
damn. who all is in there?
I would normally ask somebody to go riding today but for some reason I've got a really bad feeling about it.
fall asleep
awwwhhhsndksodkbdieoe that made me so happy to hear. ;)
Absolutely!! " yes it is and and are beautiful women. Much continued success to them".
As always GREAT STUFF!
Why anyone whos touching success gettin accused of being apart of the illuminate? People hate too see people do good huh?
they are jealous they alone, people without brains
Damn hommie just dissed me bad!!!
Hello everyone, happy Mothers Day to every mom in the whole world.
who knows its all guessing at this point
Praying for all those affected by the storms& tornadoes today.
haha I've been good…busy with school. How is everything? Trying to come over for the olympics
Judge Not...
Come check us out March 10-18 in the WEST Pavilion at the Indy Flower & Patio Show! $50 off ezWalkers at the show!
For all of us late shoppers, what is the "hot" present for this year!
I'm always mortified when a sit-down pizza joint doesn't give free refills, even if it's in New York City!
Hey , when I hear that moron Cowboy Dave come on the air I turn the station off.
Hey hey Coming up! featuring Mr Ryan Clark of ,& entire album so listen & win Enter grand prize drawing
The Chris Gethard Show is changing lives. Thanks
Ghetto black people <<
My other student is a 68 year old who wants to attend college. In younger age, he finished A levels. He has highly literate.
Methylchloroisothiazolinone....on my cupcakes.
Will finish refoldering/reboxing today. Hopefully will get started on updating the container list. Woo-hoo!
Egg Jacked
Had a great night at the Parents Dinner at , benefitting
Have a review of B1? We would love to see it on our Yelp page!
Why is it that there are always dental floss sticks on the ground in parking lots?
I prefer the atomic bomb quote: If there's ever another war, I'm going to sit right the hell on top of it.
I will protect my sister through everything that comes her way regardless of who or what it is. She deserves it.
Going to the gym with my sis and getting a good work out in.
Just wrapped up season 1 of "The Killing". Damn fine writing, so-so acting pleased with the product.
What #cooking utensil can you not live without? I love my Henckels knives!
Dave Letterman is eating his pants tonight, they are pulled up to his chin.
damn i needed that instead of what i got 4 my bday breakfast lol
I love Adele
Went to the mall found 2 cute skirts by the time the cashier rang them up I aged 3 years and now I'm too old to wear them.hire employees gee
that's a good day!!! Hehe ;)
August is slipping away quickly-- what plans did you have for this month and this year that aren't finished? Time to make it happen!
Come see me now on Bryn Mawr in
working hard on my book and then hitting the audition road
It's the 9th... We're at 98 balls used.
If you have a #kik retweet this :) I need people to talk to there
MKE fans suck riding the Ryan Braun "guilty" bandwagon without a SHREAD of detail or proof. He's innocent and won't be banned.
And okaay :P I HAVE NOTHING TO DO TONIGHT. D: I wish I had homework sometimes. My teachers are like "Its classwork"
"It's ironic how some people accidentally walk on my feet and apologize, while others walk all over my heart and don't even realize"
Yup I'm a producer, I also sell eBooks which teach people how I make money online selling beats
I feel official knowing you're now following me;) hahaha
What can we say, this guy has taste.
is performing in DC and I won't be there. The world we live in, it's not fair I tell ya...
Chris Bosh all hurt smfh
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have!
Having to plan my next four years of highschool out now sucks! #Ijustmightdie !
Who should i follow next?
Happy Birthday Logan Aunt Cheyanne loves you and hopes you have a great day! :) <3
Happy birthday, Beth!
Can I have him?! Adorable!
Hey. Do bags fly free on Southwest, or something?
All :)'s never had this feeling before.
I stayed awake to find my place.
day off from workout to upload photos from the most amazing Daniel Hoff Agency 20th Anniversary Party April 28, 2012!!
So exciting, thanks! RT Wonder what's behind the rope and up the Frick's Grand Staircase or in the basement? fb.me/FioOT330
how're you??? *Bretana*
THAT was a home plate collision
Does anyone out there in anthro-land use "Ethnoquest" the interactive intro to cultural anthro computer game? What are your thoughts?
just hangin out at home watching movies and running the twitter haha. How are you?
success! Congratulations!
Hey Oscar, thanks for connecting!
I hate that! Go to the bookstore dressed like a goddess. Always fun!
lets go
Hey guys there's still 2 hours of FF left tag us!!
If you go by decades as you said then Unites, Bradshaw, Montana, Elway and Brady 's done it with less receivers than Manning
Trying again. Hoping #newnordstrom recognizes green!
I think I'm going to call it Mad Seth. I don't know where I come up with these ideas. Seth will be impressed.
Marie says "I have 8 nipples!" I (heart) you!!
Today I got hit in the face in boxing, and it didn't hurt nearly as much as you hurt
God is good all the time
That's how we fixed'em on the Diana and Holga.
I need to study anyway! Cant wait to be done with school. Im b out this bitch on my independant shit!
we love you man.
"I'm alright, but I've been living in a movie - Someday I will have to wake from this dream." ::julie peel::living in a movie::
"Mario always found a way"
I hate section 110. What's wrong with you people?
lol ray is my boy he knows it's no disrespect.
#justdance2 is fun as hell. Good cardio too
was it good at the theatre??xx
T-12hrs and ill b on my third brew
You would think I would be use to it by now.. but I'm really not.
damn #totesjelly how was it? Did u get ne footage? =^..^=
Sat waiting for the Beppo to try on outfits. I look a tad out of place in #Monsoon!
So So So excited!
OH!! 4got 2 mention gonna have a block party 2 morrow! & are coming!
Dalai Lama to arrive in San Diego Tuesday
Agreed! RT via 4th habit: diversify - work on many projects, across many genres.
Good night everyone <3
"Braziliebers LOVE Kenny"?? well so do all other beliebers...
Trying to fight off this nastiness that I thought skipped me.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
More than 24hrs since endorsed #marriageequality, and the US still hasn't been wiped out by a massive hurricane.
my nicotine fix happens maybe twice a year. You just happened to witness one.
what up cuzzo...now I'm following you on twitter too...cant get away from me fam! stay up...one love to the fam!
Did you know the Radio Shack building near the intersection of Lane Ave & Northwest Blvd was once a pharmacy owned by Jack Nicklaus' father?
This is worse than wanting to cry, being upset or angry.. this is almost worse than being numb.
your avi is gorgeous...
So now daddy wants me to clean his car.. ugh!!
I keep losing followers. What did I say?
Oh come on! I was eating brie when I was tricked into seeing that
Hot af out.. this humidity <<
Track and field
evil evil evil. Don't count your final 4 eggs just yet--they were saying tonight that Marshall might be able to go for UNC
“: Was just thinking...last Easter in Las Vegas. The move is getting real! & I can't wait!” it's surreal!!
So happy i got my car today<333
Betty Whites Off Their Rockers !
Liverpool = Underachievers “: SUBS: Liverpool bring on Kuyt and Downing for Adam and Rodriguez. #bpl #bwfc #lfc”
Were you wrongfully foreclosed by Deutsche or First Franklin Financial Corp via invalid assignment of note? 310-944-2055 class action suit.
I don't want to be angry.
why are you not in my life
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 30
Okay, another A-maazziingg movie!! Def watch "The Lorax" in IMAX D-Box!!!
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, the closest thing we had to Tony Stark
Interesting wild crowd tonight People dancing on tables and shirts off.
I think they're adorable when they run.
Scheduled to sign my book "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid" tomorrow, 4-21, 12-2pm, @ Barnes & Noble, Valparaiso, Indiana.
Run baby run...... Don't ever look back!
- I change my vote to Green....
Hey...almost forgot; May the 5th be with you.
Congratulations! Is that the final step at your institution?
So glad I dvr'd Jay-Z on #fusetv :) Watching the 9/11 charity concert @ Madison square garden now
If you get a chance to visit the #Xerox social media cafe in #drupa hall 8b come by & say hi
Getting even warmer --> Today's going to be 52°F and beautiful! Did you know there's also #snow on the crest?
Thanks! Well, word on the street is I have a pretty awesome job, so I suppose I'll make it. :)
Fresh out of pandas atm. Waiting for a new shipment. But when we get 'em we'd love a photo of one of them on the pepper! ;)
all of the hot guys here are douchebags. Life sucks.
new album "Fallen Empires" streamed on Rdio for 24 hours & was removed. Why do bands not understand access over ownership.
welcome to D-town! We love it here!
Is #Romney eligible to run for president? Something about his dad not being a citizen? Why are we just now hearing about this?
It was changed for two days but I just got my old one back :)
I'll miss you dearly.
High School Jock Nod.
Control|24 board has done its last session here. Waiting for the D-Command to arrive. Meanwhile, the wires in the walls remain obstinate.
#CA & #desperatehousewives finale tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Talking about pandas...it is what we do
Bring sick < Going back to sleep. Hopefully the doctors later.
First Improv class this afternoon! I'm a little nervous!
I don't think my P.O. Would allow that ;)
follow back
.love you to bubbles!
#whsummit come to session on ending hunger-how to develop an accountability mechanism in which low-income people and all can participate
Actually i am doing fine, thanks for your wishes. Off to Colorado next week!
you don't like bovada? i don't like any of our choices, but it's all we have :/ 11/276 last night on bovada.
1. Buy Hamster. 2. Name Hamster virginity. 3. Lose Hamster. .....Close enough (._.)
And that's love...
it was great meeting you!!
Trying to figure out abbreviations in this knitting pattern book
Good moring everyone!
;) no problem! The boys have done alot for me and I want to help introduce them to other girls. Music=Love
yo guess who will also be in Athens on Friday??
Complete BS! #DWTS 2 wks in a row #Katherine has slipped or malfunction & they keep saying its the best! Its cuz she's their favorite!
He's 71. Can't relate with NBA guys and now wants to recruit 17-18 yr olds. Just stole a job from a younger coach.
New to L&F Sentences: “He was a pitchfork, she was a torch, and together they drove the witches to a bus station to get them back to Salem.”
Thanks to Tori I am prepared for my math test #besttutorever :)
The Hoodie cut Underwood so that can play? I knew he was a genius!
NEW VIDEO "NO PROBLEMS" PROD. BY TREE VISUAL BY LIKE IT_ HATE IT_SHARE IT!!!
GoInG 2 EaT DiNnEr :D BbL :D PeAcE <3
r u serious!!!!!! Wtf were getting taken advantage of!!!!! You guys are always floor moving!!!!! Hahahaha
i listen to lil wayne's "single" faithfully everyday. lol that song never gets old.
I can't see a downside to it. They'll be able to connect with more of the global village.
Yall know keisha was raised by white folks and white folks are non confrontational
Super excited to get going with the C and Objective C courses w/ - Hoping this will allow me to stop passing up great projects.
When kids pull up old beef raps #ThatShitOld but it don't matter no more.
Great open house on Saturday!
listen up - you startin' to get on my nerves boy. Don't think this ole girl won't kick your behind to the curb!
and they shouldn't be. 401 Ks have been a joke since they came along. We need pensions paid out of emplr pocket instead of bonuses
Headed to then to #Un-Cabaret for #Oscars live feed. Yay Sunday!
Good is subjective.
Looks like I'll be canceling my order, since cust service can't/won't help me. They'd rather lose my order to gain $20 in shipping.
with a chance to for a eye for an eye, i choose to turn the other cheek
Crime fits the punishment.
this is 100x better tho, and I'm not that worried about Lock going down, but I'm keeping limited money on their just to be safe
Fucking data war
I'm in love with that pussy yeaaaahhhh
Bedroom window is open and it's so cold that I don't know if I can get out of bed.....
Rihanna got Thuglife on her fingernails???...long live Makaveli
You know you're at a chemistry banquet when the PowerPoint is of chemistry jokes! "What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium!"
Looking at two-bedroom apartments in DC tonight! If you hear of ANY, in the district itself, let me know!
Huge fire in Columbus. Two story farmhouse fully engulfed.
Good afternoon tweets!!! I had a wonderful time last night but I'm still sleepy. And on top of that I'm hungry as hell!!!
Bummed that I can't go to teen hoot to meet :( hopefully there will be other opportunities to meet him soon!
Apparantly more places need to sell heart shaped food. 2 hr wait at for carry out. Luckily a just opened!
The 4x6 promotional fliers are here!!!
you better be! Lol
Staying centered gets you to the crown above Jesus' heart
thanks for the yummy cupcake.
The person who says they don't have papers you are asking them for, yet there they are sitting right on their desk. That person has to go.
hell yeah!! Go #Brewers!!
I know! Your Tar Heels are ready to go! And yes, AWESOME Veteran's Day tribute. From all angles - this is great. Incredible.
Mane Yall Need 2 Get On That Feat. -BURN- Dem Boyz Handled Bizness
I'm terrible when it comes to losing someone..
either she hand picked one or he has 6 wives.
yes I quit for two days then started drinking again and started again :(
My Mind Is Always Brainstorming
I'm so glad I made the "Mad Dash!" you are the bomb, rad groovy, mod, loveable,the only true christ..
FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART
great banking advice! Looking forward to working with you and discovering more about premier services.
Whats' up new followers?! Listen at facebook.com/DrawOneCard and give the page a 'like' if you genuinely like it. Much appreciated! :)
Hi Bert,thank you for contacting me with regard to your movie and the... (to be continued)
Thirty minutes on the phone and all I said was yep, uh huh, right and good for you.
same reaction here. watched it last week.
OLD SCHOOL WEDNESDAYS WITH DAS EFX Tonight!
Shopped the whole day and my feet hurts like crazy. Then to top it off, I'm still sore from 2 months worth of band practice.
what's your favorite flavor?
You are strong -- probably stronger than you think (mentally and emotionally) -- now, physically, may be another matter entirely
I wish ducktape could fix my broken heart </3
Toddler Time @ 1030am. Ages 2-5. Story, song, craft, and carousel ride!
not performing w nightcrawlers at jazzfest this year but on natchez dinner cruise this eve. also tom mcdermott cancelled jazzfest date
yes and yes - can't say when but hopefully not too long
you are a steward of this WONDERFUL VESSEL (ur body!) :-)
What if you could literally "do not track" by encrypting your posts on #FB #Twitter #Google+, etc. Coming soon!
Have fun! Get me some Kenyan coffee<U+2615>
The gatekeeper at the company I just called has a British accent. So awesome. I am a sucker for that.
& Follow the models of
Hope to see everyone tomorrow at 10am at the #pancakesmackdown at
This why I stick to sports. World is so crazy. Ppl don't like a persons words or PoV so they want punitive measures to silence him or her.
Are you on Facebook? Connect with us there, too! www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
commence mid-grading Modest Mouse chair dance breakdown...and cue many well-dressed VIP alumni to walk by: check.
we have an event with Sara Levine on 4/10. Info will be up on our site by the end of the week. Hope to see you there.
I figured out how to make a new download button without the magento file uploader. #BOOYAH!
It's going well! might run the Ironman Muncie course Sunday. You ready for the big day?
YOUR FACE IS ABSOLUTE PERFECTION. <3 love your pearly whites :)
interesting here, too, bro
My head is starting to hurt now. My sister finally finished it.
You inspire us Sammy! All your hard work WILL pay off!!!
that friend who you ONCE called a friend, made out with you....... & had nothing going on? yeah, that's BS.
could #Eagles deal Samuel in the division to CB-needy #giants ? They dealt McNabb w/in division last year....
It's a weird phone phobia in general. Not just all about dinner reservations. I really hate calling people. Don't mind if they call me tho.
or drink and make cell calls
Sounds like it... any talk of trying to clear it up a bit more for you guys and the people calling in?
It's not even summer and it's already too hot for my liking.
You seem awesome!
We are having a great day! How about you?
That's why my left eye was jumping this morning... Let him be ok.
Soon tired I went to sleep around 1am -_- #don'twanttobeinschoolrightnow
Do you buy it? I'm just not sure I put full faith in that study...
Its Not My Fault, Im Slow And She Never Tells Anyone Anything
You are the best Efrat! Rock on!!! \m/
Wanting a lowkey weekend to catch up on sleep somehow turned into being in the back seat on the way to LA with friends. How did that happen?
yeah sure :D
#FF Thanks for the support, happy Friday!
. Thanks for sharing the story. I'm looking forward to the finished product. Ground hasn't been broken yet.
don't forget the pepper spray and nunchucks! But maybe if you play the...cello..well enough you won't have to worry! Godspeed. X
Watching Portlands Starlight Parade. ;)
talk about a complete look..wow!
.. no comment!
The story of Jessica Dorrell and former football coach Bobby Petrino is messy. But, who can judge? Who wouldn't do what Dorrell did?
Happy Mothers Day to the Mommy's out there! Have a great day.
Love the choices! Roger's a heroic droid though - no way would he be a storm trooper!
PCarroll is attending a Federal Working Group meeting
Don't hold the door open for me when I'm 20 feet away. Now I have to speed up.
1st is hitman mystery.. Other is a dark comedy. I have a love hate relationship with both of them lol
I got EVERYBODY I was cool with back then on Thursday TBT LMFAOO!
Thanks! And thank YOU for being a part of it!
#Halloween Bows and Hair Clips are now available. Scary Spiders & Pumpkin faces! We just love Halloween at Sydney b. Boutique
yep it works
want who i follow
Be passionate with everything you do.
make us proud food trucks, make us proud ! Circle City is for street food...
That photo is amazing! Check out - love that feed.
The elimination of the two-line pass stoppage is one of the best things to ever happen to the NHL.
Tweeting live from #SWIFTsofa!
Secret Life of Bees great movie and book
Did you enjoy your time at and ?!
Been redoing aspects of my website. Glad that's over for now. Gorgeous sunny warm day. Lots to do. The garden is celebratings with flowers.
The guy at the bar next to me just told the bartender goodbye saying "May the force be with you," I responded "And also with you."
I thought the same thing a good 2 weeks ago.
I would have a Gelatinous Cube keeper and an Elf Paladin as striker on my imaginary
Just some advice for my niggas step ya game up
expect UI upgrades in digress.it soon as well! :)
Live tweeting my dinner: tortellini, and I'm chewing it.
can't wait till Mob Wives cum back on!
The main thing that I'm thankful for is my happiness. It means more than money, food, or any material good. Happy Thanksgiving.
Almost 200 followers :D
No problem lol.. I was looking for it too
Yep, I am! I live, work and play in Dupont. Do you ever make it over here?
I do understand your HUSBAND is in the military but doesn't mean you can get shit for free...bitch
is so tired of the snow!!! Stop snowing!
#Google plans unorthodox stock split, announces revenue increase of 24% to $10.7 billion. Earnings beat estimates.
RT : The only thing worse than a potato chip on the couch is setting on it, butt naked, then standing to find it gone.
i know right same here!!! :]
This is over my head, but underneath my feet. Cause by tomorrow morning I'll have this thing beat..
Excellent rendition of 'I'll Always Love You'! That was incredible!!!
lol. Now you know we are gonna ask for forgiveness after we get caught.
me too!
'heads will roll' by the 'yeah yeah yeahs' is the best song ever.
tell me about it! Just a couple days ago I started driving again.
Wow, just got spammed by someone with an Oprah avatar. That's a new one.
I'm at my honey's firefighter graduation ceremony. I hope he gets recognized for beating the firehouse's agility test by a full 2 minutes!
Has anyone seen a source (book preferably) for history of economic thought that INCLUDES behavioral work?
Couldn't sleep last night bc of paranormal activity 2!
Graduate Students! Looking for an internship or advice about the job market? Ever considered the benefits of going to a career fair?
ahahaha my friend put a photo up like that too haha its hillarious
Have you ever started a movie 2/3 in and tried to figure out the plot? It's impossible. Now try an ACTION French film with subtitles.
gimme da loot....I feel so hood
I am interested although will not have the money for couple weeks but would fill my dream. Please if possible
off for a hike
Rumble in the jungle went hard
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” Les Brown
"The Beginnings Guides for pregnancy and parenting have been a wonderful asset to our home visiting program."
Whew! You had me worried for a second! I totes agree : ) And I should be sending some story ideas your way today.
Spending mothers day w/ my sissy. :-)
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
Best Newscaster - Linkage Radio (Douglas)
I love titties man..if them joints is near ya belly button gat bitch
8 mile and get rich or die tryin' ...damn mtv i see you
Ozzie Guillen: "I make a lot of comments and I didn’t apologize but now I have to do it because I did the wrong thing."
When it's not your problem, all you can say is "it's going to be okay".
where are you headed for brunch?
I know it was so much better there. Now I pound beers in the garage or have to pay for them outside the arena...sucks, ha!
Thanks for the update! We'll join in on the next one!
God always comes through & encourages us just when we need it! Surround yourself w people who lift u up & Gods light will shine through!
Fascinated by old recipes, Hot Milk Cake, 150 yrs old. Drenched in homemade chocolate sauce (modern addition)
any chance you'll swing by the Sears in Schaumburg early to see all of the fans who are lined up already?
Pancreatic #cancer is a bitch. That's all I have for today.
A firm believer that things happen exactly the way they are supposed to : )
Please follow me I'm in love with you(; bahaha
R.I.P. Adam Yauch. Long live the Beastie Boys.
Heading to schlitz park now
First-pitch swinging from Brooks Conrad...who is 0 for the season. ???
I think I like it too? Still on the fence.
i cant handle all of these bruins tweets!!! <U+E404><U+E32C>
Facial masks can dig deep into your skin and take care of its surface, that's why it's unique ability to leave your skin rejuvenated.
we'd play madden all-nite!!!
Hi EVRadio Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
if you can't be yourself around someone there is no point to keep them around :)
Every girl has something special about her
What a fabulous monday. I'm sick and once again my computer won't boot up. Plus the IT dept is out of the office. Fabulous.
So won by a country mile in Malmo. Shame he didn't in Stockholm
Thank you Jim for RTing my tweet to help Hayley. Unfort. she passed away on 12/27. There were enough donations for her and her
It's a gorgeous day in #NYC!
: much love to my closes fam....
any && everything
Cubs being the Cubs.
Tynes blew it! Wait, that was Cundiff who cost his team a chance at eternal glory and Super Bowl greatness.
Vaction with classmates is so much better than going with family.
Wish I live in Cali.!!!! Could've not gone to school and met ! Lucky Californians ....
Doesn't get better than this! Dave Matthews and on Jimmy Fallon in Chapel Hill tonight! Entertained and educated in 60 minutes!
I will for sure tune in next time.
'..Perhaps in death, I will learn forgiveness...'
reminds of you killing your rascal aka bob odenkirk...they're whirly birds
I'm at a Payphone trying to call home, all of the change I spent on you.<3
Shake your groove thing today for KC’s own Hip Hop Academy workshop. The hip hop session last from 1-3pm.
At Poetry & Beer, but drinking a mudslide. Waiting for Ginsberg.
Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl.
can he play our center tonight...can't be worse then BH
Gabi Zarnegar shoots for Texas, puts the ball off the top of the OSU crossbar.
That's a bold move.
noticed Wikipedia is still running their wiki app. Anyone else?
“: Timothy De La Ghettos videos got me rolling right now!” Lol me too.
Tonight's #wjmf Roberto Rodriguez & the Cuban Jewish All-Stars concert is sold-out. Stand-by tickets may be released at showtime...
Just when I thought I would never meet a new guy, I did.
yeah we did! Too bad I'm stuck taking his final...
": Word of advice friends, be careful when removing bookmarks from all up in your wazoo....papercuts."-->can be very painful lol
what do you think about
yup and now I'm stuffed up and sneezing
5 o'clock are you there... I'm coming for you
nun beenin tha house went tew go eat nd i was n tha er wit mi god mama
the highlight of tonight is watching perform on mtv <3
I could make a business card which says BRAIN SURGEON on it, Mr. "MarCom Manager," but that doesn't mean you want me slicing into your head.
Eating horribly...
Yup I sure am
Feels weird not being at the senior banquet I'll take anotha yr of hoopin tho
it's saturday night and i'm at home. it's ok cuz it's raining:)
Thank you! I know I was like so this is the Anna Maggie talks about all the time :D Glad we're twitter friends now!
I'm ready for something big to happen from the bad girls club tonight.
Sushi Monster: Math App for iPad. Have to play a little more but looks cool.
i'm a master con artist.
Going to see her tonight m...
Miami Beach gambles on radical remake of convention center - Miami Herald Found on Bing
Connecting to collections. Saving/preserving digital collections & content key to protecting "long tail" of information & research.
Thanks for listening, we hope you will join us on Mindfire! RT skyping with us! at UADE Argentina
spending my night with some more ...and i'm pretty happy with that. yay for themeing.
Thanks for participating! RT : Thank you for making us part of the #musesocial event. The spirit of sharing...
yur tweet that i responded to
The #RedSox got Chris Carpenter!...Oh not that Chris Carpenter?..Well #BuyBricks anyway.
go irish 123 more days till kickoff
I made it 3 paragraphs, then skimmed to the 1 sentence graph, then quit
Last night I had a dream that I was starring in a Broadway version of Goodnight Moon with Best dream of the night, hands down.
to all douchebag friends--please don't give the Jehovah's Witnesses mine. Thx.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
Sounds harmless enough. :)
Was worried for a while... RT : OMFG Mickelson in the lead! ALL IS WELL AGAIN IN AFFLUENT WHITE AMERICA
Living everyday in expectancy. Have a blessed day all.
:.(....U can always visit
Phillip Lomax and The Brewer Boys have been eliminated do far.
hi lady - it might be my phone but the link doesn't open the newest posts for me. :(
I wish you could text Siri what you want. It's embarrassing saying "remind me to take my diarrhea medicine at 2pm" outloud in public.
"The anvil outlasts the hammer." - Vietnamese saying
the sad thing is that no one wants to be my Valentine :/
Do you mean info on the discounted Disneyland tickets or more general info?
"When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.”
i shed tears with this convo :'(
I have pop-pop in the attic...
"I don't shake hands with substitutes!"
yeah. the world is totally going crazy! : / im having family problems, what about you?
I knew him through The Collegian and profiled him for an assignment. Had a real impact on me as I was learning to be a reporter.
It's getting dangerously close to March 1st, which is the first day I start going nuts about getting Stephen Jackson shipped out of town.
hm I just did that the other day. The $1.00 section always gets me...it's a $1.00.
Wow dude, wow.
Success is when u can get a positive result more than once
Damn, replay shows Chara just got slashed in the neck! That musta hurt like hell. #Caps continue #gutless play.
Just finished the first Hunger Games Book. Intensity
no real stress lately, how have you been
why not
Work while you can !
nmmmmm still a little sick hbuu
'real life is for March...nothing on Leap Day counts.'
No problem! It was a great article. is a partner with RelayRides, but I didn't know how well the service was doing.
Take a leap tonight & play speedy bingo from 11pm till closing
..what are you talking about
Chewing sugar free gum or sucking on sugar free candy can't help cure cravings
Didn't have the chance to travel this Summer? Come by WSWB for globally inspired bites and Big Glasses of wine. Passport not necessary!
I like when you wear stripes!!
I wake up at 6:30am every morning having to pee!
ending my tea drinking experiments for the day with a cup of Rare Grade Yunannan from China-heady, dusty sandalwood cologne fragrance.
Changed my mind. #Optimizer is a beast. Nodding his head up and down. Oh yeah! Gonna get after it. #Optimizer is my horse now'
Strip Club tonight... Hm... Thinking bout it
RT Just had to chase Whitney Houston away from my baking powder for the third time this week.
Happy Birthday and congrats!!
Aww, sorry to hear you're sick, Fou. Feel better soon!
well I would have a hard time concentrating to if I knew plans were being made about my awesome birthday brunch!
Jobs saved Pixar.
ok fine ill vote only cuz u talked me into it and I miss hearing from u
My wife & kids make my life complete. Always calm me down when I need it. Being a good husband & father help make me a better man.
I can't hardly think of biscuits without mustard ever since Slingblade.
your work internet may be out, but you still find a way to tweet. #dedicated social media junkie, or what?!?
ohh my /: I'll be praying!!
Choosing new flooring for your home? At Select Floors we offer custom installation of any type of wood flooring & approved subfloor systems.
Tomorrow Is Tuesday ... FOREVER ALONE!!
i should take a trip to the kitchen, yes.
Thank YOU, Elvis.....
Absolutly! We would love for you to join us! We will be at Senor Fish at 1p :-)
germs make me angry no matter what form they come in; but I get your point, its a good one.
"Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value" But its the best kind :'(
whole lime with skin, orange, carrot, ginger or kale, cumber, cellery, lemon, lime
Stay classy San Diego! (Sorry, I Couldn't help myself)
New droid screams - Twinning
DANA STOP IT RN. RT : I still don't get why people with more then 2K followers follow me. Like. Why? Lol I'm horrible and ugly.
If my twitter wasn't my every thing. Facebook ain't shit but drama. :-) :-$
edge to Romo? Won 3 ref season games late? Have u forgot historic playoff performances? DET'07 & CHI'11m.j.-like
Looks like Thanksgiving in Scranton and a trip to Giants Stadium too. Yay!
It's Election time! For all my political friends up for re-election, I have FRONT cover ads avail. 516-747-8282;
hheadachee go away…
Tweeting Meeting
Open air drugs + illegal sex + no accountability or administration = #NoNo come get your fix no consequences
That'd be like throwing a bullet.
Got Tweetdeck running with Twitter, FB, Linkedin accounts, and Google+ on Chrome all at once. I feel lightheaded-azzle.
I want you to know, I can't get you outta my head, my head LMAO
When says 'we' need to take the right steps for get you over him > #bestfriends never go through anything alone <3
follow bacc pimp!
it's still on the blink for me...
I haven't talked to you in forever ._.
Word!...I've only been there once...had a bomb ass time tho...
40 Racks Stuffed Down In My Denim I Blow IT $$$$$
oh. Thursday I am taking Spanish and biology, from 8-3:30. :(
Teen Digital Advisory Committee interviewing teens at Teen Night
yea let me get a coffee... Three creams... 1 and a half sugars.
Soccer star muamba in critical condition
Announcement #1: The first four languages in the "Love in Any Language" series will be: English, French, Romanian, & Finnish!
she a old cougar who be growling when i rip!
Seems legit
How the fuck do you ask a guy for their number? Lol
You R welcome! Love the blog & look forward 2 reading it! RT : Thanks for all your hard work! It looks great :)
I'm a good enough person to forgive you,but not stupid enough to trust you...
yeah yeah yes!
I'm not saying he is clean or dirty, just saying that there is an appeals process for a reason :)
Gingrich aide on CNN calls upcoming Louisiana contest "halftime" of GOP primary. Obama campaign has surely enjoyed the 1st half.
S/O the bruhs it was great fraternizing during our brief visit.
Bakersfield has opened up a nine point lead (37-28)with 8:33 left to play in the first half. The Jam are shooting 61.9% from the field
have you guys found a new place yet?
thanks nick! Feeling much better today :)
my goal this month is to make atleast $200 this month from adsense revenue.
lmfao if ur so much better y didn't he call u? LOL this is my practice session, u know kids don't lie.
Listening to Vin Scully call a ball game >
Cali girls...put u on bipolar status
More work today on PHIT's new website (launching February 2012). Excitement abounds with WordPress plugins.
"It's not right for a woman to read..soon she starts getting ideas..thinking.."
Just got the spelling of 'mats' confirmed correct by _spell ...Crazy
you did good buddy, real good
He would have at least 20 without the penalties. That has to be a season record!!!
This deal can get done tomorrow. Emotions run high and its easy to overreact to all news and reports. Stay positive fans.
Who do you like more this weekend at TE - Pettigrew, Keller or Finley (if he plays?). Thanks for your help!
Have fun and thanks. :-)
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: This is the second of our Three Fridays that fall on the 13th this year. It feels like your...
Did you know choir teacher Candace Morrison? As a student, coworker, or neighbor? We would love to hear from you and learn more about her
Women ARENT toys that you can just play with & get a new one when youre tired. Women should be PRIZED and one should be held ABOVE the rest.
playing SUPER MARIO...SUNSHINE!!! ...on laptop with ps3 controller
Drove back from Reno at 2am today..now working a 9 hour shift...going to be a looonnnggggg night!
@ Morning Joe: because I work for a Catholic institution, am still entitled to full range medical care. so stop bitching!
Bruins wouldn't have dominated the Senators but probably would've beaten them in 6.
One more thing! By "new" I meant artists would have to leave where they are & start a new life in other city. Not new as in "hip"
Will let them know :) Thanks!
Eating mcdonalds:P
People should definately listen before they start assuming things.
Glad i get to spend my nights laughing and having a good time with great people! #noalcoholrequired :)
Still remember reading Contrary To Popular Opinion.
Congrats <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764> I want to see him soon!
DSK charged with 'aggravated pimping'
Aye homie this D-E-Z, I just emailed a joint I did off one of your tracks I leased "Organ ER"
Just spent an hour in the kitchen making some food for my parents and I'm pretty sure I just WON Top Chef. BAM!
the King's Speech is an amazing film, and if you have any sense you will go see it. GO. GO NOW.
....and *blink* the vacation has ended.
This class is so dead
On 29 headed to Party pants packed.
RT : #WhyWouldYou cheat on someone? If you're unhappy just let them go. No sense in breaking them aswell.
heh. That's funny! Say Hi to Jason for me!
"reading-e" or "ereading" - it's the ~device~ that's electronic, not the reading! whatever.
just got home from Church, what a wonderful harvest service!!! How was everyone else's Sunday?
Slept all biology
Why would someone say that? That just isn't true.
tired yet?
RT: Voting in Wisconsin Primary Tuesday? Demand a paper ballot!
its kind of like when people continue to call you AGAIN RIGHT after they just called
One last Americano for the day. Hopefully it'll keep me going through evening. Seattlite Tip: Diva Espresso has the best espresso beans
Better Off Red? Snooki Goes Ginger for the New Year (PHOTOS) Snooki is ringing in 2012 as a redhead! The Jersey Shore star ditched her
well, he's no McNabb.
80 degrees damn thus feel good
Now that I have successfully annoyed everyone on Facebook, I will move to Twitter.
yes do it and in the meantime I will cryptically say things about it to you on twitter
GUYS PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!!?? I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME!!<33
Yohoo! Thanks Matt!!
I would much rather try and fail, than to have never tried at all.
Great sesh on Raintree Lake tonight. Happy to be back with the entire
Why is Herman Cain's alleged affair top news? Who cares? People are homeless, hungry, & dying in this country. US
"It sucks when your body is slowly dying" - Quoted from my loving and caring boyfriend about my ailments.
. My Sweet One/Contact/Esther for originals. For covers... I'd lose my shit if I saw Foreplay/Longtime.
that's good enough for me. Like most Kentuckians, when says something, he usually means it.
#AskFluffy How is it performing on stage and tv?
I probably should stop listening to The Smiths for the rest of the day.
I ain't gone say every nigga alike but every nigga I run into is js like my lst nigga tht mean its time fa me to step out the box
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the is his ideal. ~Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
lol you are a Mess Duck<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
yeah buddy :)
Charles Orban, "Carte Noire" champagne, crisp lemon meringue, Granny Smith apples, sourdough! Yum-ee.
That was in the judicial decision. It was directly quoted from that decision.
now that you got your #stumptown, no more tweets?
is starting the last week of classes
Track meet, rugby practice and baseball game (7&8 yr old) all still going on with lightning nearby. Guess we get wiser(?) with age.
Taking to the airport to head back to school. I'm sad for her to go, but so very proud of her.
Is that a new track
if i can survive this upcoming week, i can survive anything.
that bitch official...
It's too horrible.
Yolonda Spinks, Social Media Manager & Consultant, Author publicity and promotions
Good seeing you this weekend ! Always working hard, I'm sure you will actually help you one of these days ;)
was that directed towards me?
FIELD GOAL !
Buddy, totally didn't see your tweet last night
Hampton Beach
I kinda like dis new nicki video
Visiting and wondering...
Of course!
Yeaa, it is, but I just followed a couple white kids that are going there.
haha The best is that they always put "BOGO" in BIG letters and then "50% off" small in the corner...
just three!?!?! Haha
": I want my wife to be a pharmacists"
Even though he hasn't anchored the CBS Evening News since 1981, I miss Walter Cronkite today.
WE HAVE DOS EQUIS PITCHERS FOR $11 ON SATURDAY AND $3 PINTS
If you feel bad for Colt McCoy and you didn't feel bad for Brady Quinn, you're crazy.
For those in fundraising or donor-relations, Cygnus Applied Research and Burk's Blog are outstanding resources w/ great info!
Hole No. 6 is a 250-yard par 3...into the wind. Holy Habakkuk.
Thnx man, ur pretty fine looking yourself!
Wishing I could get 's So Listen skin.. But I'm broke and my dad didn't want to pay S&H. Poop.
lol just shut up, i won't reply her anymore.. she's jelly u.u
I love you J!
.....I can't expect a dialog from a bunch of statements. What do you think?
Y.O.L.O you only live once.
But you don't know MY birthday!
saw you, you wrote a cool comic.
t-11m and counting..
Interestingly, North Carolina voted no on Bieber's appearance on The Voice too.
On Facebook
thnx for ur input re: adobe captivate!
I'm outtie
#fridayreads Exit Music by Ian Rankin
That was my solution too!
Ladies & Gents it is time to get #creative! What creative things are you up to? I am writing, shooting video,takin pictures ++ lots more
Getting hooked in the arm< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
hope the dogs are okiday :)
Ugh Im so cold and sleepy -____-
never too early! Get on the sauce - you are on holiday!
Bahahaha!! U and me both. You want to go out tonight. RT : n I alwaus finish it
yea yea
hadn't even thought about that... Been so long since I'd been on myspace, but you're right!
haha I know!&my guidance counselor told me that I should go to Bridgewater for at least 1year & switch to Stonehill b/c of the $
duhh. Can we hang this week pls I need some Sofia in my life
Thanks for the 5 star review
and are both pushing the Countdown video today. I wonder what else they have in common.
do i no this friend?
My NEW Web site is almost done. Fired my Web developer (ripped me off for many $$$), started over, looking good. No more tears!
I have some opinions but 5 ppl sounds like a disposing of a body....but I really don't know. I'm not a professional.
good kind of bored u I am just listeing to olly murs
RIP RT : Seeing double everything
Sitting in an empty computer lab watching Ben-Hur. 3 1/2 more hours of "work" remaining.
Thanks and welcome to all my new followers! Been super busy with a huge project..more tweets coming soon - promise!
Crap... Just pulled up to the church pre-school & "Fight for your Right to Party" came on the radio - Yeah bitches go ahead & stare
i love you thank you for doing this (:
man, I love those kanye and puffy albums. Takes me back! :)
:) MT : Fav quote from a guy in SF: "See, this is why I love WI girls. You get into bar fights about your NFL team."
wow. that's a great question.
Why can't pizza I eat during the week taste as good as when I eat it on a Friday?
Lamb could be lead scorer next year. Even if the team is worse, his stock could rise. Probably can't say that about Jones.
It's fiction. "A mesmerizing saga of 1 ordinary Am family whose story captures the turbulent history of the country at large."
check out Kelly's Korner if you're near El Dorado.
It has been too long. Let me know when life settles down for you a lil and then we can make some time, maybe next week.
Hello everyone! Changes to our website will be happening soon! Fliers and invitations follow shortly after that!
Wishing everyone the very best in 2012!
We retweet and it appears on our website. Follow us and get retweeted!
dude I just bought that last Wednesday too. That's all I'm going to say about it.
#WeLoveLeo <3 come on guys, RT if you're a true Leo fan!!!
Happy weekend to you too!!!
Go to Omaha to take care of dad who had a minor heart procedure... And we both get the flu.
you said you would #<3
I wonder if Ceelo Green can do a kart wheel?
Great day, time to hit the road to SD!!!! Chargers are going to get back on track at home.
Long ass day.
The event is for anyone who is involved in product design and cares about the user experience. designers. developers. managers...
im in love.
Finished the grading. Before the deadline, even. *whew*
good morning Ariana! I'm so excited for your live chat only 30 mins left. Would you rap for us? :D
Not showing for 2 days
Wonder what games will be announced at this years E3. Never early to start speculating.
Met John Sayles during his movie Amigo screening at the NY Asian festival. Cool.
Off to try the new in Frederick!
Man, I just LOVE reading about huckleberry finn and his southern adventures.yeeehaw. -_-
True story : from facebook "yes Betty White in the Voice commercial upstaged Madonna"
HTC Edge Could Be the World’s First Quad-Core Smartphone
Clutch is amazing. If you want some country, hillbilly type metal, try Buck Satan and the 666 shooters.
Under what license will Nvidia "open" its source code to developers? What owner rights will they have to new/derivative work?
uh huh xD
Once you tell people there can be good money in dolls, it usually shuts them up.
Research funded using taxpayer dollars... the public has a right to see the results. ~ at Brookings. via
You are absolutely fantastic. I think I love you more than Liam, you should leave him for me! <3 hahaha
I think we will only know the extent of the problem when the next government get in
I have too much on my mind for on week :/
:( Fine, be that way! Some wwrcahwowhwa you are!
It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words. ~Rumi
I would love to :) first "free from show choir" weekend I get, I'll text you!
she's amazing!
you better, miss you!
RIP Junior Seau. What a tragedy!
Loving LIFE YOU SHOULD TOO !
NSR's choice to respond to criticism she deems vitriolic rather than those that seriously challenge her argument speaks volumes.
Watching a movie called The Executioner. Sonny Chiba is kickin ass!
Whatever happened to independent #curiosity? Or the desire to #doyourbest? What is up with this latest generation?
The play =
Hope my LadyAer bestie has amazing Lady A dreams tonight! <3
I know how you feel. My lil sis is going to her senior prom which is what I was doing 11 years ago.
Can't wait for Keeneland today! Blessed life.
Seriously, who cares about Klout? Seems Belgium is going crazy over it...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Don't forget about our Black Friday specials! It's on!
Last Day of our first every Secret Sale! Could it be free shipping or 20% off? Click to reveal your discount! bit.ly/uLmh83
also, nobody is more irrelevant than Chris Berman.
just found one of my new fav's on twitter #detroit187 thanks for the heads up
If I had a dime for every time I've lost my keys, I'd put them in a fund to pay for waterboarding the creators of any "Real Housewives" show
Beauty - Effortlessly compelling
So 's birthday is tomorrow...
i'm just sayin'... rick easton is a man who appreciates ladies.
Are you planning to attend #MW2012? Currently working on something new and it would be great to get feedback.
didn't know about flickr stream will do now!
Do not overwork to be rich. ~Proverbs 23:4 The best things in life are eternal riches that come from God.
I am jealous if your snow. It has been 45-50 (7-10 C) the past few days in Milwaukee. No snow just rain.
I heard the same thing. Thought it was my ancient ears.
Please come see the advanced theatre showcase tomorrow night at 7:00 PM in the LGI! It's free! :) we've worked hard!
I'm great. Enjoy your day:-)
Attention world: is at Drink it or else. (angry shaking fist) and are rejoicing.
"When the people find they can vote themselves money, that will herald the end of the republic."
Remember how much I told you ilove sunsets? And you promised we'd watch one together? I'm watching one now, and I'm hlding you to thatprmise
aww why is that text me -.-
I like both interpretations anyway. I have a black sense of humor. Thanks for the well-wishes. I know you love tough old dogs too.
dude, what's your DS handle? this is the only thing keeping me sane as I drive across Montana/Wyoming
So inspired by the stories of love and commitment from the Still Standing couples. is doing powerful work.
Tonight I moved beer, wine, and champagne into my new place. Priorities first.
Boy, you sure had ME fooled, cell-phone tower disguised as a pretend-tree apparently designed by Dr. Suess on acid...
“: That was the weirdest send-home I've ever seen. Something else must have happened. #bachelor” the chick was typical LA
sick in bed! Waaaahhhhh
"You jump I jump. Remember?" - Titanic
I'm so excited & I just can't hide I'm about to lose control and I think I like it GO #Brewers !!!
Hi Melissa, enjoyed reading your blog:) It seems #glutenfree is the talk right now, do you think the show will help or hurt?
I want to meet you
I want to go! RT Saturday, July 21st – The White Affair – The Isley Brothers featuring Ron Isley aka Mr. Biggs and Bobby Womack
Nothing Impresses me anymore..
Agree!RT : thats easy....Bemos bar and the Bell bar in Bay City, Whites bar in Saginaw, the Machine Shop in Flint!!
your welcome! <3
Absence of a labor movement is one of the driving forces of inequality in the United States - Vincent Mosco
We just caught someone trying to break in into our rabbit hole .. again! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
of what? Lol
*cough cough* Wiz
": so I would like to be fucked really hard #justsaying #sexualfrustration"
#SOTU #POTUS DECLARES WAR ON BANKS!
I seen a pic on Facebook where ur hair was blonde
For this week's farmers market post I'm taking your questions. Use #askal and send me your market/ingredient/cooking Qs!
Thank you for the RT!
At the day party sponsored by Bacardi. Shouts to
Troll them back with knowledge.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
don't try to make us jealous. You are missing the party of the year, there's no way around it.
hey can you just hold me for a minute because i cant breathe
#LastTimeIChecked a YouTube star who's not signed w/ 2 songs, 600+ Mahomies & does concerts all over the world is talented.
so where u from?lol
It doesn't even cut it in Freshman Comp.
Believe half what you see non of what you heard
What a pretty day outside! Doors are open in the office today!
Hi Nicole
I bought all that I could find! Going up in price quickly!
:D We are so excited! Those guys are so awesome! Can't wait to tour with them in the summer :)
Tonight is a thrilling showdown of WWE: Raw at the Yakima Valley Sundome Yakima, WA. Wrestling maniacs can call us for tickets: 888-493-0004
Chris refusing to get off the stage on his birthday in Philly a few years ago. He drank so much Jäger.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them. -Mahalia Jackson
People, what ever happened to hakuna matata
why can't you find a dress?
I can't wait until the fall...Heat and Humidity blow!
"Cage" RT : How would you describe that style? Chain link chic?
I love that feature. Especially when I meet someone in class on the first day and I forget his or her name.
He meant more books, particularly books that were carefully edited
Interesting - using base HIT products first, then will use CPOE last
i love you LUCIO!
thanks dear!
Looking forward to the Gender and Women's Studies Banquet tonight! Congrats to all the graduating students!
How do people like fun but not the format? It's pretty much the same thing but format had some better songs...
The only way to "find out if it will work out" is to do it.
Fighting sleep. I can't sleep. Too much going on.. Grandma please be okay.
Hookah lounge tell 1 then smoke then bed oh and eat
I'd love to catch up. coffee this weds/thurs? Or maybe next thurs/fri--or mebbe u'll be at 26th event??? LMK
well that fact & more is in the book - 200+ historical photos resulting from about 3 yrs of research - AND Lincoln's new note
I'm a VERY jealous bestfriend.
I am on entirely too many email distro lists. Desperately need to do an inbox spring cleaning.
yes you do caleb
": Women That reject your compliments to put their self down <<" I hate that shit!
": Yeah cool. Have fun riding Mb's dicks. Bye." I WILL ENJOY IT !
Welcome Jen.
You plan ahead so well :-)
ya you'd think it was Sunday
"The earth is what we all have in common." ~Wendell Berry Author, farmer, cultural critic
Really hoping the reports that Junior Seau is dead aren't true.
Gluten free restaurants are terrible and sparse north of the river
Finished talk, was feeling kind of awful, then read email. Mental response: E! cc:
Fina go get My Hair did
S/O to it was nice meeting you guys last night and you guys have great music
Same here fam. A month left doee!
A few things bother me about this #osama #obl thing. 1) I thought celebrating death was what *they* do. 2) ...
20 point blow out
I would just stop at Don't let people piss on your leg. I mean, unless your into that...I'm not judging.
Great! Checking to see if it's too early to set my DVR. Can't wait! Also, Abbey is obsessed with the videos on your site.
im hungry
We're making a list of all the sites a business operating in the Dallas Metro area can be recommended or listed. Have any suggestions? Thanx
guys my yahoo account got hacked this morning and they wiped out everything. contact you in a day with new info
Someone just said, "nopity-nope-nope."
ideawf.com great info website. Go crane/west
why are you so handsome? :)
we'll see haha but probably though, it's super busy on Saturday and it also depends on what manager is there
so u have a bf??
...why? I HAVE A CRUSH, on you <33333
house we stayed in was in Vista, so a little north of SD. I'd love to go back. Sister is right by Venice / Santa Monica now
"If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, u wont give up. If u give up, u're not worthy"
getting ready to launch
Think about it, though. Are you going to want to go outside and run or play ball if you'll be harassed by police? No.
Doing what I do Best...Praying For Victory
no it in muh belly
Get some pizza and TGIF it up for realz.
Humm...that may work lady. Ill text u.
make sure you bring a lot because, you know, loser pays
gimme a shout if you wanna grab a beer. says it helps you adjust to the altitude.
Honest Tea Time Square Recycling - goal is to crowd-source recycle 45,000 plastic, glass, aluminum beverage containers in 10 hrs on 4/30
Hey now! I'm a completely sensible employer. I know priorities. And offer free whiskey.
i covered that song for stevie when it came out, that was my first video :')
Follow asap! !!!! follow follow follow common!
Haha. Yea. That's why after a few weeks I deleted my get glue app. Nobody needs to know everything I watch. It's just silly
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
In mini meetings all over the city...dropped my sausage chain somewhere on 14th st NW...wups...s
im just warning you /:
The CS Survey identifies your #communicatingstyles under normal and #stress conditions and will pinpoint your dominant back-up styles
we miss you! Feel better!
End of 1st: #Blazers trail #Warriors 27-26 at the Rose Garden.
just spent $25 on ingredients for choc chip cookies. f*ck you mollie stone's for being so ridiculously pricey and convenient.
move here D;
Quote: "We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it." Lyndon Johnson
-ctfu, fake bitch..
Listening to the SFMOMA audio in French - and understanding better than half of it
I want to learn how to tweet? Do you always have to read it backward on the screen?
Thx. We extended #CouncilDistrictsMaps mtgs into next week. In respect for President Pugh's brother, tmrw's mtg postponed.
okay but only because you're asking nicely... Wait...
will u go steady with me
Football, chili, pumpkin cookies, and fall beers. Great evening with my men.
I wonder what Hologram Tupac is up to...
can't wait to see that one go live :) yay!
It comes on Fridays @ 9 on the CW. It's in it's 6 season & they say that Alona might be returning this season we gotta see. :)
Ok my baby 3mths & she b tryna hold her bottle already!!
Note to self: I need to buy Bailey's for the coffee this weekend.
"Is he giving us a garbage bag?"
I'm hungry as a mf..
Hi Natalie thanks for the follow :) xoxo
On citing tweets, there needs to be a better archiving system. Working on this for
good morning Howie. Hope everything goes good with nothing today!!
i'm a teenager. i text at the speed of light, listen to my music too loud, roll my eyes, fall in love easily & get my heart broken.
I'm such genius I forgot which degree each of eyes are. Is my left eye 175 or 150 degrees? :/.
I don't think so
Is Toronto a worldclass sports city? See how many times Toronto is listed as place where real world records were set. That's your answer.
is there a delay when a post goes up and then twitter notification? I'm having old posts just now show up on my twitter feed
Thanks! ;-) RT : We love our past, present, and future marketing interns! , &
RT : Is the 1st team/idea to get on Twitter? Awesome!
Thanks for the retweet!!
thanks for the follow, let me know if there is anything I can assist you with.
": I wish Pantsing my fellow coworkers was acceptable in the workplace." Dont we all
I really hope she gets rid of Bentley. What a waste. #Bachelorette .
that's always good
penciling it in for weds!
Ugly Betty. America Fererra did it better.
no kidding, you would think he would know by now.
Happy World Book Day, friends feathered or otherwise!
That awkward moment when you get a notification that your supervisor has a voxer and tango account
If I fell in love with a girl on twitter it wouldn't even be the dumbest thing I've done TODAY!
Joe Johnson complains about touches and he passes on a wide-open layup?
Y r we so resistant 2 the truth? B cuz we can't believe profits comes B4 our health? Who has more 2 lose? Dr Oz? NOT!
i havent said anything bad about your lady parts
Nigga them the munchies!
People were shocked for a second it sounded like Megatron said the Lions pick Ryan Leaf!
I live in the U.S. and the day they came to VA, I left for Pakistan :'( haha x
Better than my no-run croissanwich...
thanks for following. Looking forward to learning more about you & reading your tweets!
what are you up to?
Happy B-day James Maslow! <3
greatest WWF score ever: 515 and counting.
editing a new music video! get exciiiiiteeeeed!!
Lol! Same here! You probably dont want to no what mine are about ;D
I got stronger. :P
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
six weeks and counting <3
"half of todays national debt was run up in just the past six years." I love how republicans pretend they are fiscally conservative
If today is any indicator of my pain level this week I am in trouble. I may need to give books on tape a far more serious thought.
not charmed by failure or failure's cliches
that looks like a bottle of River Cafe Selvapiana Olive oil, he has good taste!
Home sweet home :)
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself. -Johnny Carson
I think I'm in desperate need of a haircut!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 15
Y'all. You won't even believe the vintage wedding dress we have our model on for Friday's shoot. It is drop dead gorgeous! Can't wait!
#BAYMAM So glad to be on another call with Marley!!!
Oh Hamburgers!! :( cannot wait to feel better- I finally stopped coughing!
what up guys Im going to my formal today dont worry you will see me in my awesome suit
The show is cracking me UP right now!!!. He has the most fantastic sense of humor! Such a contagious laugh.
Reading is for suckers! TextEdit is becoming one of my favorite applications because of its speech feature.
At times like this, I drink. At times like that, same deal...
performing at The Avalon in Santa Clara Thursday March 22nd with and Get STOKED!
Crap. Nice article on The Grey ending. Woulda been nice to know there was a post-credits tag. I didn't stay til the end.
Two days working outside, shoveling dirt around... I need a nice live soak in a tub of Icy Hot!
fa la la la
Freedom tastes so sweet now haha
Possessing like this on the road, even if we don't get any goals to show for it, is not a bad strategy
I'm a potato not even a good potato more like a deformed one with bumps here and there
Have you voted today! Please text "107350" to 73774 right now to help us win $25,000 in the Pepsi Refresh Grant Competition. RETWEET!
Oh, what up 700 thread count; I think we're gonna be bros.
Wheres Caitlin And How long is brogan saying at your house?
just a little sad! That makes up for it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yeah youre just to good for me (;
It's cheaper 2 stay w/ ya baby mama than pay child support
A FREE screening of CAMILLE 2000 (1969) tonight, and after-party at the Hammer--see you there!
ok ok - can't wait to see more of the nook over here...
any time :)
haha yeah I know! It would be pretty legit
Do your co-workers dislike you as much as the rest of the world? We can help! Show up with Screaming Goat breakfast tacos and feel loved!
I've built bigger ones out of paper.
well sweet dreams
Live your way...always.
You said you were going to bed! :o
No head-banging code? Actually, B.B. King's "Live in Cook County Jail" has really been working for me lately...
quality of relationships affects performance; what would sustainable include in fiscal & social consciousness?
Flare?!? With 5 seconds left. He's an idiot!
To decide, to be at the level of choice, is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
tell me when tell me where
That's prime real estate. Thot Joel or Greg wouldda snatched it up to sit by the other leads. Silverman was also gunning for it.
Umm hello - you and mock me too,, Who's gonna take YOU out?
Just sorted through 2,200 photos for a client...going to be a full weekend of editing!
She's got an interesting face...By interesting you mean ugly. HaHahahha
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone. <3
I feel the love , all my bros are here!!!!
I heart you (thanks !)
oh yea?....I bet you didn't know that your man period could be triggered so easily
look like a Mississippi Sasquatch
Yes Galileo's Dream is my personal favorite among Robinson's oeuvre, then Mars Trilogy close behind
Trying to Skype a ladybug, but can't, as neither of us knows what Skype is.
CB (Completely Bad) Buckner Ump's blow at least 1 call a game it seems vastly
Told ya!
smh you really watch that show
Presumably thinking twice before signing aging, declining starters and players uniquely unsuited to Fenway.
Make money.
But this should work
am I looking awesome?
As of today, I am no longer a hopeless romantic. I am now an aspiring realist.
Nice SUNday in SF!!!
vas happening? Why can all guys be like you guys and respect one direction?
Huntsman: Some regulation is needed.
Frank Stoltze! I almost met you!
Bummer... Wanted to use it! What would you recommend of out-of-box services to achieve similar site?
Please, please don't retreat to the cozy blue states. We need you here in the sticks to keep the fight up. We're close, and we WILL win out.
take Me with you !
Enjoy your Memorial Day Weekend and be safe!
Happy Birthday buddy! Hope you have an AWESOME day! xoxoxo
What a special day for LeBron James. Passed Malone and Nash for most MVPs with zero championships.
lmao, way way way back! I was terrible. You def carried our team haha :)
Long day of working, puppy-sitting, shopping, menu-planning, and family time. SO TEERD, hope I can rally for the dance
the thing is: i don't :*
Bout to fire up Rock Band with and !
I cut ya girl now she ned a bandaid
two classes down, one document created, and various must-do tasks complete... one presentation to go!
Rain is killing my bike life.
LET'S GO HOKIES!
that's my shit
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy in the morning. Then becoming partly sunny. A chance of showers in the morning....
so mean to ur hubby x"C
This girl weave had to be made with beef & broccoli.
Is Cody going back to L.A ? :(
the only person ever to be #irate about tulips
you got it
its RATCHET night TONITE @ ICON in DTLA!! YOUNG MONEY TYGA PERFORMIN LIVE!! FOR LIST, BIRTHDAY & BOTTLE SERVICE: RT
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen." - John Wooden
you better get on that... i've been doing since Friday and i'm still not done =/
Overwhelmed and very happy. I have a collection of over 3000 diaper to distribute to another service provider. (food bank, church, shelter)
Good morning Monday!
bro text me its important
Very proud of (my daughter). She's using her gifts and talents to touch the lives of kids in Tacoma.
good morning! we're excited to see Lee Rainie this morning!
Justin never comes to Boston u swear -,- it been almost 2 yrs
Texas Rangers lets get it
ah sorry!! thanks for already liking it tho :)
Just got instagram raped by I don't know how to feel about this, but I think I like it ;)
R u kidding me? "Tea Party is the real enemy?" Tea Party reason #Obama #OneTerm president? Dont think so... #Obama is doing that by himself!
did pour you some bubbly ? I Loved it! joined wine club on way out.
Yum! is perfectly refreshing at #lsbeerfest!
Wish you could understand how much I want you, how much I need you, and how much I want to be with you. <U+2764>
Lets tightened up heat protect home court
i love you to bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
love examples of HTML5, especially the geo-located text, on the #niso webinar today
#nowplaying RICK ROSS FEAT. USHER – “TOUCH’N YOU”
FUCK WHORES.. Oh sorry, didn't mean to bash on your kind.
Up early today!!! We are going to help dad clean up the house. YEAH RIGHT!!!
- We'll work on it!! Thanks for the suggestion.
I can't believe it's over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> sorta makes me sad
Steve ross yoga!!! Sweat your butt off!
Today is the second worst day of my life. Fuck man. Foreal, fuck you pussy ass nigga
Will Cube World have an early alpha release, or will it be unreleased until a full version?
Both mine and twitter is blocked from JulesTheJoint. please tweet him and ask why?
Wishing Coach Harper the best of luck in taking over as Head Coach of the Men's Basketball team at Western Ky on an Interim basis!
Thank you French designer bud! :-)
Thanks for RT! Have a great weekend!
two down, eleven to go.
softball all day tomorrow...well least i get to relax at the races after:)
more Boys are reading cuz easy to find
I Keep smiling.. because life is such a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about <U+2665>
Bitch always dating my exs!
In his Inauguration speech, President Obama pledged we'd work alongside poor nations “to make farms flourish and let clean waters flow... “
Me? I had lunch before 4pm! Ha! ; )
can't fucking wait to got to our first Wrestlemania next year in the dirty Jersey. Hall of Fame and Mania
okay, you seriously made my night! Happy New Years Eve to you too! :D
Add this to your list of cucumber brita... Charles Cheeses. Think about it.
Or you meet the perfect person who you love infinitely and u even argue well and u grow 2gther and have kids n grow old and then she dies
Looking foward to FAAN's #foodallergy conference in Chicago next month!
I'm a business student with a lot of web-based marketing experience if an opportunity is still available... ginellnarvaiz
About to get a little fishing in off the dock
Phx. Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Help get Mojo's World to 500 #followers !!!
#Upstream2012 Bullying is not just a school issue. It's a life issue.
check out my new work @ www.michaelcalixtro.com
what do you mean?
How bad is the late start going to screw the #Reds travel plans to Hotlanta?
I am sad about Best Friends Forever. It was a lot of fun and really different than anything else on tv. It's a crying shame.
now i'm doing a month unlimited at nar method in weho :)
We do not live to extenuate the miseries of the past nor to accept as incurable those of the present.
Sniffles, sneezes, and aches oh my!
She don't want a man .
Question: if im a drug mule for a Mexican cartel is that a 1099 or a W-2?
Had to force myself... But I had a good workout at LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
I agree that a Coleman series and back story would be great.
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
enjoying the calm before the crazy. #decanter about to start. say hi to
Trader Joe's cookie butter and ice cream.
aw... Thanks!!! Hope ur great! Nice to see u!
ahh - that last avatar was 2 yrs old! THIS one was taken by when i played w/ at #poshcavern. ready 4 thurs??
did a lot of X, got all... "ate up" RT : What happened to the Fine Young Cannibals?
i lost a few followers :( can other people follow me i follow back and RT this :)
#Orioles fans have spoken. More hate for Gregg than Swisher.
there's no cap. A "bad" deal is only bad if your owner is a cheapskate. His value is his value. It's not the "deals" fault.
And for that last tweet, I don't care how old she is
god night xo <3 c:
I hope nobody was hurt...
Tootoo in because of suspensions and hasnt been the turnover machine we're used to seeing
Just finished softball game with a bunch of 20 something's...#Ice&PBR
I miss you
thanks for the shout out today :)
. Lol... If it helps I think Jonah was in a Blue Whale. I'll bring some dice tomorrow :)
3. Colors Light
Haha glad to help. How was filming\recording? Also, did i send you the White Lights photos?
You know I fucking hate selfish people I really do
Thanks for recommending us to
lol ya thought it was the bad naughty thing to do hah!
Day 1 of half marathon training begins.... Don't remember it ever being this hot in past years!
Just made me fall in love with the Chick-Fil-A sauce!!
TOTALLY jealous. Can't wait to hear the analysis!!!
at first i thought your hashtag was #twitterproblems and i wondered how you got 650 words to fit into a tweet!
You are terrorists, and when I serve in #Congress, I will get you placed on terror list alongside
absolutely agreed!
Quite surprised by the Union Jack & Brother Thelonious blend @ Yardhouse in Roseville. TASTY!
#Chelsea up in the Fa cup final early. I somehow always watch the best soccer matches in NJ diners.
I'm in my own lane yo
i just might
welp i'm glad I didn't go out tonight. ^-^
Drawing tomorrow 5-8 pm! New studio W. Main St. Come on down
how is that your job? Did you have to go trough the internship program?
Every man is born an original, but sadly, most men die copies.” — Abraham Lincoln
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
wish I could but I'm teaching too. Have fun!!!
Of course Faried gets the board.
Spring cleaning question. Have you ever done a full OS restore and then used migration assistant from time machine drive?
When wiz perform black n yellow today...support & tell em
average age of the lakers: 28.7; average age of the Spurs: 26.9...Spurs haters can't get the facts right #GoSpursGo!
I always blow up my twitter when I'm jamming lmao, enjoy my lyrics I guess
Shoot the damn puck!!
Me too! RT At #dc premier of Transformers: Dark of the Moon.Should be good!
Hankerin' for some candy this morning? Try a Cherry Cordial Mocha, tastes just like the candy!
It wasn't fate that took us off by storm, it was the turn of a chord.
by thursday we would definitely be able to do. Can you dm me the hotel address?
y'all get home in one piece?
Your vagina isn't a White Elephant gift. You can't re-wrap it after it's already been given several times. That's white trash thinking.
Photo of Jobs holding up iPad looks like it was published in The Onion, doesn't it? Small Man Introduces Giant Screen, or something.
will do!
thanks for the tweet love Neil! Happy you like our new app Scrubly
Happy Easter Camryn I hope it rocked!
Being right is not as important as the lesson that you learn when you aren't.
I thought Avila's slip was going to be our Bill Buckner moment.
Happy Birthday brotha!
Thanks John. Really sweet of you to mention the Q&A & sent out the link. I appreciate it! Hope to catch up with you soon.
Like a postcard from Paris, when I've seen the real thing...
": Never fails." Would u rather get some head or some tail?
Holly is such a good sport. Judges are a**holes. I'm voting for her extra tonight because of them!
Smtm I forget 2 say hi, smtm I forget 2 reply, smtm my msg doesn’t reach u, but it doesnt mean I forget u.Im just giving u time to Miss me.
gotta love Long Island earthquakes.
I almost got there. It was a multi-layered situation, though. Turns out I have some discretion when required.
lmfao damn yo , someone keep me away from my phone when im drunk SMH
Double Take 2012 ! Niggahs is on. Step It up.
Rockies infielder Clint Barmes joins The Score at 9:05. Check it out on AM1510...
“: Dear #sxsw and loves #sake bombs” point of clarification ... Jill drinks sake bombs that Tash forces on us
-all people like you are good at is hurting people, starting drama, & lieing. YOUR OBVIOUSLY NO GOOD. SMH.
See what makes social media success worth the effort from the innovators at the nonprofit antipoverty group, Half in Ten...
Thanks, Peter, for the GDrive/Skydrive resource comparison link yesterday.
hahaha I'm sayin! But it's sad to say I'm gonna miss it.. Off to a dance show!
yeah. 2 words: wedding planning.
#HappyMonday to our new friends!
which time are u referring to. I play a lot of poker, and I'm in the middle of terrible run bad. So bad beats are common 4me lol
I might need a good grocery list of what's healthy and stuff soon lol might have to mail it to me LMAO
more love to you. Get better!
Today will mark the second time I've ice skated in my adult life. Is that bad?
June 21st is "Go Skateboarding day" mention this and get $ 20 off all complete skateboards !! June 21st only!!!
The weather forecast for today said 'abundant sunshine' :-D
Oh you mad? I thought that you'd be happy I made it.
now on twitter!
Need to get my priorities straight!
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant - Plain Dealer (blog)
studying some financial accounting.
remember the time you drove all night, just to meet me in the morning?
Find that idea that is burning inside you--something that will get you up in the morning. Then nurture it and let it grow. Simple. Not easy.
Nice! I was a women's soccer player too! So you're a freshman? Think u want to continue playing in college?
RT : Just joined using my discount. I love the Bay Area, green, non-profit services. This is gonna come...
I'm pretty sure moths are trying to take over the world!
Why thank you.
Congrats to Lilly and Desiree as they are now Darlins! You beautiful ladies rock.
Trying to talk my mom into buying me an andriod. If I get 1 I'll have to share it with her -_____- I LOVE HER, I just don't like sharing
it will be great in a day.. Im happy for u, adjustments are the best.
can you believe we leave for London tomorrow?! (:
Hawaii is the most oil-dependent state in the US! Our project can displace oil-fired HELCO units, eliminating 250,000 bbls of oil/year.
thought that was you lol.
2nd'd | RT : "All I want for my birthday is for to win the 2nd Congressional district." -
not to me. "Ace" is more about absolute ability and production than ranking. There probably aren't 10 "aces" in MLB.
"Please allow 5-7 business days for an agent to respond to your Mileage Plan questions." Says to an email query....
congrats to everyone graduating today!
Plea for peace center. Come out Stockton :)
Have you been away from home & wondered if you forgot to arm your security system? Stop worrying with our remote service!...
Never ---> RT : Is it too early to get liquored up???
What is an Asher Roth, exactly.
we're using water cups tonight
It's been a few years now and I still don't know how I feel about Rashida Jones...
yes where are you
isn't that from like 3 years ago?
Come out tonight to 910 live! n rock the stage!
nah hes at the gym i think
it hates me :'( every time I try to connect, it disconnects or says "couldn't connect" and that stuff
": I can't have a big night tonight."
Cutting up my kids food is awesome, now how about convincing my 3 and 5 year old to eat it?
Thanks for following! Just hearing your name is making us hungry!
but you tried!
Less than a month and we hit the studio! #HellYeah #DownWithShittyMusic #UpWithTheJams!
how did neither of you tweet "thank you, you hypocrite"
“: The fact that hasn't started studying either is making me feel a little bit better lol” muahaha
What am I missing?
Going into work and cleaning up after the weekend. It's such a mess and people do not know how to put things back where they go
Just so you know the pet industry is the weirdest industry ever: there's a grooming category called "Feline Fantasy."
Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs
Snarky, yet carefree
I only kind of meant it
Is headed home. Buy bye black diamonds...I mean green circles.
Fountain Square - from whence I came :). And thank you, I can't wait for some good times!!
Online marketers often boast about their ability to measure
last year whn we'd order the whole menu to feed us & the guys, Mark Eric Johny Richard Jp alex franky you me and Melissa<3
I've never met a Nathan I didn't like.
When the guy you like, falls for another girl... The saddest part is being the best friend and helping him.
Don't worry, I am apparently a retweet offender too.
100+ unread emails made me feel important until I deleted 90+ of them that were newsletters, automated alerts, SPAM and the like
Is anyone else seeing an explosion of spam from direct mail list providers? I'm now averaging about 4 per day! More than Rx from Canada!
#youknowiloveyouwhen you poop your pants, and i don't tell anyone
Yes! RT : a 4 o' clock lunch at lol
OH: "We invest in people, not furniture"
Back from an amazing ski trip to Vermont. Employed, in love, and happy.
did u see Bravo on the stretcher after the game?? Ask Nate about it
Gotta be like Pauly D and Vinny!!(:
I hate daylight savings but I love the longer days
i'm so confused . When i followed you in advisory, it made it to where i get your tweets :o
Thanks for showing Lashman some love.
Thanks! You too.
It was delightful, a perfect contrast to the weather! Had us summer-dreaming. . . Hope you had a good day!
It won't be long
I feel like 50/50 with Maya Rudolph but I LOVE her. She is HILIARIOUS! :)
You should have handed them back to the cashier and said "nevermind" as soon as you heard the total..lol
This pens caps game is goin INN
Drake says that he's going to be less sad on his next album. RIP black Taylor Swift. :'(
#boyfriend is on iTunes yaay goodnight now
Gonna be heading back to Ohio later tonight. :o
LOL..I CALL MY MAMA ALL DA TIME..CERTIFIED MAMA'S BOY..IS TUES. "TWEET" DAY?..F/S..
hey there! i love your music(: you guys should really checkout also! (: have a great weekend<333
She's not a whore if she's actress
Seriously, if u r going to stalk me, can't u @ least make it a little more mysterious & make ur phone # private? Like I don't know who u r.
Spending Mother's Day w/the family. They're on their way to get me now.
Incredible art series can't wait to see the show at the new venue, cafe bizou on Raymond. Next Tuesday night 7pm
Excited for some Mexican food tonight!
time to #Google it
Inge on booing "this is an emotional city, this is a city that will back u & they want the team 2 win & when their not they will let u know"
poolside listening to some country music and having some beers =]
#badfirstdatequestion can my kids come
Lately whenever I'm looking for parking, there's an open spot right in front… so I just park there. Scott Spot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
O to be a 19th century scientist! In Nature, March 28, 1872: "Rhinoceroses".
I was at the #CINNERS event in L.A on Wed, but had to fly to New York on Thurs. Charleston SC on Sat, Charlotte NC on Sun...
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazinq how many people are hurtinq.
and of course i always wear shorts when its cold -.-
AH! Hers was only TWO then. FOUR YEARS?!
Chicken isn't even that great.
I feel ya on that one! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Whoa! Don't let your dollars float away in this #MKEflood2011! Let me help you save on your energy bills, www.smartenergypays.com
All of the sudden started singing the trolololol song in mah head lol!
Same goes for grant writing. If you are passionate about your non-profit, you WILL raise the money!
If you thought I was perfect; Boy you were wrong. . . I'm far from that
Happy 1st day of fall! In conclusion to our Fall Back to Beauty Event Week, come join us for a free consultation by Caudalie 1-5pm :)
Retweet this if you're a loyalist and rock the #FreeFuel5000 decal year round!
i do what i want, you do what you can
And she keeps staring at me in the creepiest way..c'mon now lol
lolz i have to go to stupid youth grrrr get back on at 7
you know it
im extremely tall too =p
Finally we are up and running staff training today then the public tomorrow. Here at wood and vine we are very happy to get open
No more shitty reception
Absolutely a no brainer.
Hey sounds like an awesome project. We have some mindstorms you can use. How many do you need?
oh. she doesnt speak english. haha ah poor thing.
I miss Fabregas, not Na$ri. A healthy Wilshere & Arteta are certainly capable in the midfield.
Love this idea - going to try it in my online class this summer!
Thank goodness you're not. Peyton is a weiner.
WE GOT YOUR SONG TO PLAY ON B96 NOW WE NEED TO GET YOU AN INTERVIEW HERE!
I know what phone I'm getting now!! :)
Haha sorry. I can't fit anything in 140 char. is still here too obviously.
Lists, they tell me. Make lists to manage twitterfeed. But then the lists don't work & instead show only 1 person's tweets.
Today I will wear the emperor's new clothes...
Nah man, its constantly in the 40 around here :/
Special Halloween edition of SAXAppeal! Tonight's show is scary good: georgetownradio.com
That's really planning ahead. Are you really accurate enough at falling to pass out on a card?
Was in DC ovr the wknd. What an awesome time to be there with healthcare being debated!
My mom is coming back home today! :)
cool dude I'm down. Maybe this weekend. Look for me!
&quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; To Get Hartford Stage Reading
as a challenge. I saw their yard last summer. They should see mine in TX before being so unsubtle. All I've done so far is take out my decor
Going up the National Cathedral tower was super cool. I highly recommend it!
how long did it take to get to NYC?
are there any materials in the #UMBC archives from past hurricanes?
Now Hiring FT & PT for both locations! Come into our Downtown location to find out more details!
Beautifully said, Prof. Kinsella. & quite insightful. I've had a similar experience, both at Stockton and elsewhere.
My ni**a, I'm faded faded faded
WHEN EVERYONE TELLS U THAT UR THE PROBLEM, MAKE SURE U LIVE UP TO THE NAME, BECOME THE BIGGEST PROBLEM THEY HAVE EVER HAD
Please continue to follow :D <3
": Ma girl is comin home to daddy on tha 17th of may forever!!!!" what does forever mean!?
#ALL THE TIME!
Let's row!
“: God is looking for servants with hearts to believe the unbelievable”///Preach it!!!
#history #museum #historical Today’s History Quote: "I came, I saw, I conquered." Julius Caesar - 47BC
can you take me as your guest?
were you for real? Alone?
Saw the band Death Cab For Cutie on pub tv last nite think they are in town tonite great show based on what i saw
Love it when Customers ask to get a picture with me at Abercrombie and Fitch
Who has plans for Monday??
Any recommendations for a writer's retreat?
haha you watching this guy? Creepy!
Olympus-sized brawl over proposed Rowan-Rutgers takeover drags on - watch out for stray thunderbolts
Thanks for the
It's not just physical, it's mental as well.
My mom just laughs at me when she asked me what happened last night.
very cool!
Agree. Tomorrow's game needs to be played now!
Mom bought me an unlimited monthly tanning package. Yaaaay :)
yes can we suit up for cincodemayo!? we should
Cant Wait Till Friday Gunna See The In Stamford Ct.
tonight they booed the poor little guy from Sacramento with the same name, Isaiah Thomas. He did well considering the abuse
Just seated at joanna newsom. She's tuning her gigantic harp!
I havent started any of my homework yet and now im going to dance.
Done and done ! Hope the survey helps you out!!! Have a great night!
Good day tweets! One more day to get through and then the week-end!
I like *my* guy
THX! seriously contemplating GSK. like their fundamentals & chart is setting up to break thru some near term resistance.
RT : nice! < I need to give u the hi-res version. That shit looks wack, after i sent it i was like NO! LMAO!
Happy Holidays Everyone!!!!
Just went around the world with one bag.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 25
hey thanks! :)
I didn't mean to add u to the tweet lol
I painted my nails bright pink<3
Thanks! It's really pretty. Had to gentle stretch it a little when I got it since it was a bit tight but I'm wearing it happily now
im ballin too my ninjas
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas - The Hindu
Monsters lead 2-1. Shots are 11-7 in the Monsters favor
Some good quality/value - lighter side of
Life aint easy for the greazy
woman! text me back when I text you!
lol. phone died as I pressed save, so must've screwed it up ... also, don't know why it's autopushing to twitter :/
I am happy you're at least lurking! Besides, the museum of the future mona lisa millennium falcon ROCKS! cc
sorry to hear that.
Sky is womb and she's the moon. Seriously.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that always gets you to take your craziness to another level.
There was positives from the #Padres game. Denorfia was 4-4 all singles 3 up the middle and Hundley hit his 1st HR of season!
yes, back to PE classroom this year for first time in 5 yrs, and need 'me hablo espanol un poquito'
Give our "Cupcake for TWO" a try! Red Velvet and Vanilla, Happy Valentines day!
Safety Word Orange/ The Greater The Risk Cd Release. Doors @ 6pm
Organic, gluten-free, and sugar-free muffin mixes coming soon from Sweet Debbbie's!
may the force be with you.
feels her wings growing back...
What is your goal with your website? what is your website url? I would like to understand what your needing
#vaumc11 I feel so inspired to share with my congregation great missionary stories around the world. The world is our parish!
A security guard gave me a cautionary compliment today. He said, "Don't let this place change you."
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll
I have no friends... My life is sad
The medicinal garden looks great!
Wheres all the sexy chocolate at? ;-D
Ready for my Spanish final
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO !
mimis_cafe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I officially still need my golf polo :)
Hey fans, Charles here. What kinds of skills would you be able offer to your community of survivors?
SOURCE Theatre is looking for a college dorm room for our next shoot.
How long can YOU go without using technology? Greendale 7th graders are up for the challenge-Tune Out Technology, on Fox...
Dang a major accident on the 51 on my way to work and now one on my way home. #@$%;+!
this #milwaukeesnow is really putting a damper on my plans. I just want to be living with my girls already!
Gonna be in the #BERG until sunday, no service! HMU on here of FB
we are#family and ilove you sweety so much wanna know a secret ? i still cannot believe u are 18years LOL haha!! #believe <3
Slow Tuesday?
Keepitquerque has two major goals for 2012. The first is to help each of our members make money as a result of their membership that far...
I was a life long francesa fan until my friend and ur part time intern turned me to a huge fan
pow...like that...
Our song "The Best One" will be making an appearance on ep #305 of THURSDAY, JULY 21st at 10pm EST!...TUNE IN!
Funniest episode ever of the Monkees is on right now.:-)
Let's go Hawks!
Ha, the guy sitting next to me at the reserve game is an MLS official. I think he keeps the stats or something
there will probably be a lot of begging, borrowing and deferring, but it'll look good.
my sis thought it was reall and we hit the computer nnd it fell hahahaha dont it lots of sugar at night bad for youh hhaahaha
I Heard That The Guy I Like Is Still In Love With His Ex And I Dont Wanna Get In Their Way So Im Moving On Cuz I Got Better People To Meet:P
Good Morning!.
I am still waiting for it to arrive. I can't wait. :)
Really! Its way to hot for this Went to a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh out door seating for lunch, I'll just sit inside with AC=Me....
my girls in FL are currently enjoying your entertainment &all I want to know is when are you coming to cali so I can enjoy it too??
Thanks you too!
Woo hoo!!! Cosmic bingo is happening real soon!!!!! Totally excited!!!!!!!!
Sitting in the nose bleed section is so unfun..... Come to the AAYTE Gala & Bid on Auction #606. 4 Tix to a Phillies game in Diamond Club!
Thanks for the Retweet!
Fuse patio is open for lunch, dinner and drinks. Enjoy the beautiful weather while you still can!
How much is your tooth worth? Isaac Newton's tooth was purchased by a nobleman for $4560 ? and it was set in a ring.
started late, skipping commercials.
I won a Gopalo t shirt today!!! Thanks
X “: sure tf knows if was on twitter she would not have a TT !”
Kevin Love drops 51 against OKC. I've said for long time Love > Griffin; and it isn't close!
Be careful what you ask for....make sure it's really what u want.
less crunchy :(
Support the Poetry Center - Billy Collins & Friends, a benefit at Centennial Hall, November 7 at 3 p.m. Buy your tickets at uapresents.org!
#ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY " hey racist ! "
#AustinTexas. If you have a tip, you want to report.. Email us at & we will post at our upcoming website,
oh gosh,should have known,im dumb haha
I got life, I got love, I got faith and that's enough.
See thats why I keep you around, even if it is a little awk, were still tight.
Cuts over 10 yrs eventually mean funding would fall to levels not seen since the Eisenhower Admin in the
There is TOO MUCH GOOD TV. D: Wait, that's a good thing ...
aimlessly fabricating your un-reality
make Jonathon do it.
oh aha well yeah I am up and yes I do
is at #UWS. In-between classes and finishing #chiropractic reports. Fun! =D
Coxtinkt making it happen on the daily!
Happy New Year from the entire Fatboy USA family! How did you ring in the new year?
I just wanna do better than good enough
ha well it's not my fault you don't get dirty jokes
Exactly, and an uninjured brained ranks pretty high on my list, too.
sick still
So am I and I'm fine with that. Lol.
send beats
thx for the great links. Lots to do and see.
Crap. Refs called us for "illegal touching." (Social commentary: There's been way too much of that in college sports lately.)
Shew, I'm going back to bed.
I love you too!
Why there so many pop in this red thing?
i waz just watching ABDC6 wid but they already danced so y watch the others they suck jkjkjk but stole the SHOW!!!!
I know. I'm probably getting a new phone then an otterbox asap.
I think you would be interested in the discussions on this string
Why are we wasting our time talking about Alexis?? She is a nobody so why are we talking about her??
Migraine, but I wanna jam. Why ?!
Tip of the day: always take pride in your properties.
Even the strongest girls need to know that there is someone who can silence, keeping to themselves ...
they were talking about something and they said your twitter name <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Ha don't get to happy
I'm imagining the various ways that Walter White (NAACP) and Walter White (Breaking Bad) changing positions would be funny.
Happy New Year!(:
Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry! You are too kind:) <3 Can't wait to see you soon!
I felt like Thelma from Scooby Doo when I woke up from my nap..I swear it took me at least 10 min to find my glasses OMG LOL
Its a lovely night to be there
Send an email to .gov - thanks!
TV talking heads allabout #iacaucus Iowa hasnt gotten this much publicity since those dead baseball players were in Ray Cansella's cornfield
Giving up candy and desserts for Lent has affected your normally sunny demeanor. Break out some chocolate - enjoy this day!
Data visualists say that visualization is always "better" to display information. Debatable...
Does anyone want FREE PUBLICITY for your business, web site, or white papers? Ask me how.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting with you!
Today so gloomy. I don't remember rain in the forecast
#RIPDickClark…thanks for ringing in so many New Years with us.
My dad just told me to embrace my hair falling out and shave it! I will drown him in his stomach acid if he speaks such filth again.
Great, I wound up next to the sick lady on the bus.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented <U+2665><U+2665>
RT : Anyone who refers a membership will receive a FREE month of membership!!**Plus I have a few to give out! Who wants them?
: Ozzy "Momma I'm coming home"
hah. I prolly wont. But i will 4 surely b sad ):
Disagree RT : Schwartz says talent rules this board. "if you're chasing need in the draft, you're chasing the wrong thing."
oh. Good one and I've probably used them interchangeably too.
Everything tastes better with bacon.
hey gang Follow NYC
Do yourselves a favor: when typing your/you're always say "you are" in the sentence to see if it makes sense. It's/its, say "it is".
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. Thanks for changing the world.
Not gonna see Sunshine until next week! :(.
Lmao Kobe Slow (:
Friday! Looking forward to a full weekend of foreign language film nominees at starting tonight!!
Join TOMORROW to help canvass for We R WI in SD 8. 9:30am 6918 W. Brown Deer Road.
I understand completely, I get hasseled for charging more for custom clips as opposed to ones I have ready on clips4sale
i keep getting emails to join the police academy. they must know how strong and sexy i am
i want a tattoo that say love but i don't know wher to get it so i'll just get a cupcake ( to eat).
My sister had an argument about that with her husband. Well more along the lines of "Why didn't you like my post?"
Yanks close it out tonight?
You cannot solve a problem from the same consciousness that created it. You must learn to see the world anew. Einstein #TDL"
Any followers have a Roku and want to beta test a fitness app for ? #funfunfunfun Hit me up!
Tonight was too fun. Ihoppp time<U+270C>
Happy International Women's Day!
Yes, yes i love you. But, i do not need you. So you better treat me good, before someone else does
": Too many girls (guys) on this planet to be stressing a bad relationship."
Are you planning a trip to the ATL anytime soon?
#FF shout out to friends!
lunch with a Editor then getting ready to cover "Archie's Final Project" red carpet in Santa Monica tonight!
i have been grounded literally for like a month!! I missed you more! :)
haha I know, I saw! whatta qt ;) RT“: that was me and ”
Can't wait for Tom Stoppard's Aracadia but calling it a comedy & romance downplays its exquisite wedding of science/math & lit
Sometimes I wonder what goes through mind when he's in school? :D
Think Ima Do My Christmas Shoppin Today....Who Want Somethin?
Who's excited for the 4th of July? We are! It's always filled with tons of great food...
LMAOOOOOO. This picture has me CRYING. This horse and Martin le Mouton would've been friends,
Dale Hunter looked so unmotivated to continue coaching NHL. Back to London and the OHL where he'd be happier.
Hey awesome job on the web checkout! A+!
1 billion people live without clean water today. 5 billion will be without water by the end of the century
Maybe I'm spoiled watching the #Spurs but wow, some teams just don't get good shots. Clippers/Grizzlies is intense but sloppy. Frustrating.
Everyone here is very nice so far! I can see why students like this place.
Those were all outside but whatever
you know it! 45 lanes and 4 open. Where the heck r the other of the cashiers?
And now the one you once loved is leaving.
we should talk photography sometime
Congrats - we'll have to get you some ice fishin' gear. I know some people.
Dear upstairs neighbor: I don't appreciate being able to hear your extracurricular activities. The squeaky bedsprings cliche is suffocating.
thanks for the follows!
twitter that I wasn't sure if you were asking me a question or if you were simply stateing something so now that I know clearly
Overhear the boss cursing - there goes my whole day.
hi Ariana! How was ur day? Can't wait for ur live chat! Love u! Xo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#youknowdamnwell my sis beat that ass yesterday
so u bringing a date tonight aren't you?!
Heading to #Hawaii for #PROBOWL.. cant wait.. whats up HI..
need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read Recommendations, please? I have an addiction
a person that is sick of stupid people making stupider comments about a very nice Family
not a chance bro his prime was like 10 yrs ago
Started new painting, Home Is Where You Are. Colorful house-disjointed levels held by rivets rolling down street on worn wheels, like life.
Thank you!!! It was a great event!
Your rewards in life come as a result of your hard work.
You shouldn't runaway from yo problems.. Only makes you a look like a coward
Hittin the studio bright n early tomorrow.
i know!! i never miss an episode!! :) <U+2665>
Tried iShred LIVE and AmpKit tonight. iShred has the same distortion problem as AmpliTube, but AmpKit seems more promising.
I want to ombre my hair
RT : Everyday begins w/ a TO DO list, everyday ends w/ a journal entry, not just on your accomplishment - also your...
Thanks for sharing the articles.
yeah, basically lol. I was a slave to FB!
#IWantYouTo remember what we once had
Thank you! Can't wait to cheer on the Hawks! GO HAWKS GO! ~?shelley?~
Back killin all is good
Just saw the post by about Facing the Son, A Novel of Africa, and all I can say is wow! Sounds like a great novel!
dear world: facebook wasn't an overnight success, chill out on Google+; as the share gets integrated, more folks will use it more often.
Completely agree with Shift! Has become my go-to beer!
It's finna storm this that cuddling weather :-(
I hate when people be saying to retweet basic shit like "RT if you breathe oxygen"
Came home and read an email from some guy calling me an idiot and the reasons why I am one. Skin continues to get thick.
Hardest thing ever, applying condiments to a sandwich you're about to eat...while driving on the freeway and drinking coffee!
eat your girl up for breakfast... want save you no extras
Yeah, I know how you feel girl. I just haven't let myself get like that with Harry. It's unhealthy -- not a good feeling.. :/
*Yawn* Stupid Itis.
Did Chadiha drop an f-bomb this morning when talking about Brian Waters?
Looking for a perfect way to end the day? How about Candlelight Yin Yoga tonight with Danielle at 7pm.
I know that game.... Don't forget Visine Allergy!
you are so sweet to even think of it!!! I think a wine night with is in order :)
omg really?
Brad, any recs for good daily fee course, with good instructors, in Columbia, SC? Sister and bro-in-law going there. Thanks!
PSC Co-chair Howard Shapiro introduces fellow Community Involvement Committee members, some of whom were involved in visionPDX.
Thanks for the great article!
Spongebob is Hypochondriac
Getting car serviced. Bored.
Esprit Park enjoys an abundance of nearby amenities that will complement any urban lifestyle. 68 restaurants within 1 mile!
RT: Texas Guinan wore what around her neck? 1st correct answer wins 2 tix for Saturday
Flattering, but I am in my dream job right now--with tenure! Ain't goin' nowhere.
so hilarious
Why does it always snow on the weekends?
Roughly 16 dudes, drafting 16 players a piece. Send me a DM if you want more details.
hahaha huge pop
Home at last : )
You have got to get that snow blower off your home page! You live further south than me and we haven't seen snow since 2010
Delish! I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'm sitting here freaking out at thought...I need to get back to my innocents..time to read Hunger Games xD
I highly recommend B, but I will try this one! I love greens!
#Bruins lost : ( but at least the #RedSox picked up a big W against the #Rays and the #Celtics clinched a playoff spot!
bahaha isnt it great? "it's your birthday, rock the pigtails" love you! Have such a fun day
I miss you. Finland 2012!
sometimes I forget that I don't talk about it that much b/c I've broken my no-whining-on-socialnets rule a little more lately..
Supports Alec, too? Hmm, I let the Rush Limbaugh thing go. SF pulled out and convinced me it was an accident. Hmm...
It actually is kinda hilarious. I mean, he was even checking IDs!
I'll do the shoutouts later(:
RT : The thing about blogging conferences is...the networking and connections are just as if not more valuable as the content.
even their breed is adorable. Never have I ever heard of a morkie or a morkie poo. Two #Cute puppies. :D
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one (:
I will Jose thanks again and look forward to it.
someone just left this funeral home and told Pope how he was proud she was independent
Tired,sick,and I forgot to do my algebra homework last night. But I'm still going to school. Yaaaay,not! I just don't wanna take finals. Lol
great minds think alike :)
Happy Birthday! I hope your new year is just as amazing as you are!
Yes Exotica will be the spot tonight!
Would love to, but that is the day of our big Restoration and Renovation Fair. Keep us updated on your progress!
It looks like "Weird Al" and Miles... LOL.
thank you <U+E41D>
RT : No God, no life. Know God, know life.
I can't even add on to what you said. You said everything perfectly.
The fact that can appreciate the nostalgia and nefariousness of the Dells makes all of Wisco elated that he's a Brewer.
Tip of the day: if you want to be cool then alls you got to do is wear sunglasses or adjust your brim of hat.
Boo. I don't wanna go to work tomorrow.
how many ways to say "delicious"?
Listening to the song he dedicated to me is like getting stabbed in the heart :|
If we be your body guard, we would still prefer you call us grammar
Maybe more emphasis on other activities in grade schools might change the market, but until then...
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
my sister thinks the duck face is cute so now I'm wondering how we can even be related
hello(: how are you today? thanks for following! be sure to also follow and checkout xoxo
Yes, I have so many articles to write but I am struggling today. My dog had me up all nite long bc of the thunderstorms.
Out and about
#superartfight pop and lock Super Mario Bros.
It's unfortunate more attention isn't given to AACM. If only some documentaries (K.B.) would be more encompassing (+ more Sun Ra).
Puertorican food is delicious
Special thanks to alum for his upcoming 4.28.12 OUAA Commencement speech at the 9am Schools Ceremony on campus in
I think rehearsal us an awesome ordinary (even tech!). My best to everybody at CTC especially that sweet husband of yours. :-)
Welcome (soon) to our great city. World class eats and entertainment along the Healthline!
; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating.
me too! Loved her Christmas songs! She is a little awkward which makes her seem more "real"
I was in tears when I heard that son and L boy interlude
Must be something in the air. We had quite a few doughnut related discussions yesterday coincidentally. Weird!
Had a hell of a day at Tour De Fat. After party at the pool. Here comes the night. Be on guard, Cult Logic is on a rampage!
Your going to be a sucker lmao
Was at the gym at 5am, read some great books, got some good snuggle time with the kids and have done some work. A new season begins today!
Doing it the right way ha
might need to kill the man in his sleep tonight.
ohh well that's gonna suck for u then
FirstWeber and Chris Lukens would like to help you with your real estate today. Can I help you today? Chris Lukens.
Missing series finale and Grey's Anatomy finale were both good!
There's a great group of folks here - infopeeps of all sorts
DISCLAIMER: I'm a total sucker for folk/rock/pop.
To the most talented singers and actors that passed on, may you rest in peace, your work will stay in our hearts and in our memories
For the LOVE of FamilY. . .
Too cool to panic?
Finished up a session with Lovely.
Happy 150th Birthday to the today! Hopefully, they’ll celebrate with a win vs. Oregon tomorrow!
if I did you'd have even worse chances of beating me :P
We're submitting two more apps to the apple app store today! Announcements on the clients will come out next week.
Totally bummed about MCA. RIP.
If you were one of the lucky people to sign up for tickets to tomorrow's game, you should be getting an email from me any minute!
Servant Warrior Ministries has two FREE tix to this weekend's Impact for Living Conference @ FBJax. 1st to message me gets them. ArmorUp!
Wish you would educate Americans about miltary health care system aka Tricare. From Active Duty to Retired it's abysmal.
Most competitive bump playa - skilled on the other hand, well
I didn't either but I love finding out little facts like that
Thanks for the info! Love Raffa's as a classy joint to eat in the 'Wood. Great locally owned operation!
I love to stay on top of #celebrities Main Event Entertainment™ Strikes It Big with Tenth Location Opening in San Antonio in Early 2012
RT: hate people crying
Agreed let it play out RT: No. Bears need to keep their picks. Keep 'em. RT : Bears need to trade up 2 get the WR Hill
Live Jazz Tonight at Enoteca!
not feeling well today, pray for me
John Legend-Tonight
listening to the helicopters from the robbery -looks like they got away
don't get me excited I'm really hungry -__-
We have to laugh!! Oh, now Angelica's singing!
You can stay in the house with us, at least until Saturday. There's room.
Austin is homeschooled
Am I gunna have to block a bitch already?
Tonight I'm thankful for Coach Cal, my bed, and kaboom foam-tastic cause it made cleaning my bathrooms faster than ever tonight
and as santorum basically said...why should I quit for the guy who finished behind me in only two states that had primaries?
I want a 3 day weekend. I never get to sleep in anymore :(
Happy Leap Day!
RT : Being absolutely fantastic is only ever a thought away. Think it, believe it, and do it! It really is that simple.
thanks darling.
4th of July sale - Save up to $125 on flight and hotel packages to great cities across the U.S. Contact us today.
Its gonna be friday the 13th this friday
I really liked The #WalkingDead last season, but was underwhelmed by last night's premiere. Holding out hope for the rest of the season.
wow man! Thanks! Hope to see you at the #whiskey in #valentinesday!
why no response 2 me so sad :(
Wish I Could Make Money Sittn On My Ass ALL DAY
Holy crap holy crap holy crap
It was a great decade for music. It gets a bum rap because people focus on the fluff.
Drums for the full length are finished! Starting guitars in just a few hours. Eager for the finished product.
.Ed Gillespie, veteran camp advisor, now w RomneyCamp--lest we forget he said "No woman is qualified to be SCOTUS Justice"
Patrick O'Connell's inspired American cuisine has been described by critics as "so good it makes you cry". Can't wait to cry on Saturday!
mom always loved you best.
Nice to have another #freelunchfriday here in #Milwaukee. Want to join us next #friday? Send us a PM and we'd love to have you.
this is the engines talk. And yes I will def find ya! Thanks!
check out www.fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com!
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
I just figured out what 'imy' means.
RT : Good luck to all of the finalists!
I can't help but see on the kits...
“: Hehe you're too kind” do you have any undies pics to share on our blog?
Good morning Colorado! It's supposed to be a warm one today. What are you doing to stay cool?!
Yup Yup twitter bound u r..lol
said he made me an easter basket... yay!!!
Mother's Day Dinner at the in-laws: "Did you know George Washington was Albanian?"
Great music!
had a good bday with Ready for the weekend. Any plans?
Yep! :D Though I think we'd need to pay and take vacation time ;(
It is a smoking bar however. Kills it for me. : The Hop House on Babcock Blvd isn't too bad.
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey
People probably don't name babies Norm anymore. That's a shame.
That awkward moment when I face planted
I'm from Kansas City too! Nelson-Atkins. Let's hang!
Why do guys like exposing their cock on the internet so much? xD
That's the idea.
I wont let anybody keep me away from my dreams...they belong to me....!!!
I'm up watching clips of my unpublished never performed stand up.I might have to put this on YouTube.
RT : Saw on a truck today: "Follow Me To See Why We Are Your Kitchens Main Ingridient." Did u get a number? I'm avail!
Colts are having a fire sale.
When you work in Hollywood, sometimes the only thing faker than the people in production are the tits on the talent.
I am
that was not today mongahs :) it was the other day lmao
Fletcher Cox to the Eagles? I like.
i love women hack by jacob peirce
sounds pretty exciting
#Cleaning day! And making yummy food for the #superbowl tomorrow! Anyone else making anything good?
Happy Birthday Jim!!!!
The grappling display in round one of Belcher - Palhares is sofa king entertaining.
at lease make a friendly introduction, without needed to extract anything FIRST! songwriters get placement through relationship
why is your name Tim Tebow? You realize he's never played a down for the Jets and is currently the backup right?
Buy 1 Get 1 Burrito w/ the purchase of a drink @ The Goat after 4pm!! $2 Mexican Cerveza ALL DAY!
safe travels! Hope to see you next time you pass through DC
4 keys to video games: immed. feedback, choose level, positive reinforcement, mastery. Apply to learning! Alan November
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me18
Check out our Facebook album of Rumble visiting Positive Tomorrows with the OKC Thunder Bookmobile!
Let's start with the basics: where are you right now?
Honey bunches of Oates make me happy! :)
And 15% of social media-using teens say they have been the target of online meanness.
definitely gonna see you next time!
bullets for haters
Oh Butterfingers My Butterfingers.
Thanks! Batman Black Glove looks interesting.
Looks like I could combine both predictions now that Germany crushed Argentina and the Soccer Dream Team in Netherlands should cruise by.
One day, just you and I shall gallop in an open field, with nothing in our way, except the wind blowing in our manes and tails
thank you!!! I want to go this year.
Surely I'm late to the party on this, but did the Marlins come up short on a "...the losing ball club has to wear THIS" wager?
I never liked the Beastie Boys' songs, but their influence on music is so significant. RIP Adam Yauch...an extraordinary talent.
I guess its a Netflix movie and pizza night!!
sorry only just seen this, shoulder length or longer, love it if you could come in
I wish my bad chick named Cinnamin didn't have a boyfriend. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I'll just find that spot a replacement!
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountian to relize what your reaching for
I told you Kentucky is about that basketball
Do you use reddit?
#IReallyHateWhenPeople judge #Chadevans2. An innocent man sits in prison & NH doesn't seem to mind, what #injustice!! #RE-TRIAL!!
bored as fuck
THANKS 4 FOLLOWING ME!!
Do the right thing spikes!!!!
You know what's jumped the shark? The phrase "jumped the shark." Benchmark: my dad said it.
Thanks for the retweet!
it was our pleasure.....luv ya girl...u know u VIP up at our shop!!!!!
please i have victorious on repeat right now
i have chem right now!!
Will be heads down in PVD working on exciting things. <3 ATX (home for past 3 years). Grab a bite Have fun!
Evernote has been pretty great for helping me stay organized. Check it out if you haven't seen it already.
Assembly dems just exited to applause out, they're gonna need a bigger bus
Oh ya, there's more... (h/t) RT : Don't forget your maiden trip to Coors Field!
While offensive the "Eh, not good enough" line was hilarious.
Ryan Tannehill= bust. What a reach by Miami.
No worse than "chillin'."
what u need 2 do is stop making a mess because without a mess there wouldnt be anything 2 clean up, how messy is that room?
Same to you.... Peace and Love....
Thank you so much!
HAVE SHE LEFT ST. LUCIA YET. LOL
Who are you following?? Are you sure it's Jesus? Find out tomorrow as we kick off our new series #follow!
My legs are so soar.
Shopping :D
chanced upon #tuskegee today on itunes & just had to download your duet with Kenny Rogers. Sublime rendition of "Lady".
I will have to ask Fanny for her approval.
hi the link you provided is not working??
Spotify just told me to send some music to John Luther Adams, whilst I was LISTENING to John Luther Adams.
no those who are young and wanna show chachi theyre worthy need a shot like me ABDC is the only way to go
You walk silly. You talk silly. You make me sick. I'm. Not. Leavin.. Till. You're. Leavin.
really enjoyed Double Jump! I'd love to see more shows like this in the future! :-)
#ikids #app challenge panel mostly rejects trying to use as many device features as possible; consider all, consider fun, don't be bound
I HATE thinking bout you.
Andy Reid says McNabb will start Sunday vs. TB
both? both for science and because you're hot?
Any males over or close to the age of 45 that want to play soccer tonight at Brookfield indoor soccer park? Our team is short tonight and …
Well hello there!
A little creeped out that Tweeted Times just tweeted as me. :-/
PAUL RYAN'S PLAN sounds like they have water down the CHEMO and RADIATION. There is NO PLAN to EXTEND your LIFE if this is your only option.
#HappyHungerGames!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> & Katie Bennett. Get ready!
what have you been up to?
Introductions..."What do you do for a living?" VS "What do you like to do?" Think about which way you approach it.
....you should come see the workshop in March!!! It'll be fun! :)
Stickam chat was a success! Thanks guys for comin and talkin to us!
What a great photo! Frame it!
oh, so cute! What's his or her name?
Which B-Boy movie was it? Inside the circle or Planet B-Boy?
only in the metaphorical sense.
you want to live on Staten Island?
Sleeping in >
similar to how we always see saints, not saint, in the Bible #mkBiblechat This is the value of assembly
I'm too young to be this poor
Coffee at 9:30pm was not a good idea...
Today in Literary History: On March 7, 1945 American author Elizabeth Moon (known for THE SPEED OF DARK) was born in Texas.
I am beyond fatigue...
I feel like a cant write what I want 2 on fb or here!Is no place sacred 4 my innermost thoughts? I guess thats why they are called INNERMOST
how are you ?
So, got nothing to do this week? Trying to plan out something fun? Check out our events page to see what we have going on!
one more semester, I can't believe how fast it's going by.
Tip of the day: Don't look like you smell bad. Refer to: Lindsay Lohan in "I Know Who Killed Me."
Happy Easter everybody
Follow me? :)
long as way to go bro
I'll Have Another baby!!!
Santorum's victory can also be attributed to not being a front runner & no one was running attack ads targeting him.
you correct me when im lookin wrong
#GiveObamaCreditfor...Obama ’s Facial Expression Liberal New York Times Simply Does Not Care For Obama ’s Facial Expression
Just here
I'm just the messenger! why do you think he's wrong? i appreciate the feedback & thanks for following #ipb2012!
Thanks to all of you that came out this past Saturday, our Customer Appreciation Day. We really do appreciate you! TheBlindManNM.com
Happy Easter and the Lord has risen indeed!
Anybody remember the lady that worked in the Strawbridges in the Gallery with the real high eyebrows?
Meeting with my new mentor! Thanks WIF!
I fucked wit nickis first album but ain't heard nothin from the new one dat peeks my interest
Thinking about revisiting the idea of opening a storefront. What do you guys think?? Is there enough demand for #cakepops in #DC?
RT : MVP candidate Robinson Cano gives the Yankees a 1-0 lead with a solo shot off Hellickson.
What are your thoughts on the #Chromebook --does anyone's school use them? Resources, blogs, etc.- thx!
A good thing to be! :)
OMG 399 followers. Really? C'mon! Such a tease that is!
OH MY SWIFT!
Sizzling like Bacon grease over here #goodday to u all..stay #motivated 10 more days
“: quinn is dumber than a box of rocks #scandal” <<<pop rocks
Thursday night tv thought: Ian Somerhalder and Rob Lowe look really similar.
Hi there lady!! I hope you aren't melting in the oven that is Chicago! <3
Congrats to nick goepper for winning the stop and congratulations to Tom wallisch for winning dew cup!!!
"GOOD MORNING"
In Barton's defense that looked low
Lookin at #lakeshow presser and coach brown is at the mic, y im jus noticin that he is fione!
bro that will be sweet!
luv you, keep those bags coming. i have several including the totes and rollers. i absolutely love IMAN Global Chic.
im ready to go dom..like this place is just dry
Some days just seem to require shoe shopping.
Last day of freshman year. Been a good year 3 more left
Im not dead yet sorry! I promised a blog posting, and I havent gotten around to it yet. I promise this week tweeps.
I'm gonna go practice my kicks
Drunk people yelling at me through car windows are hilarious.
Just kidding. I'll always root for the Tigers in your honor...as long as they aren't playing Oregon.
Oh you didn't think you'd wind up in triage? Better start dying for real then.
Trapped in a mine
Hopefully I'll make it to Bellefont sometime in the next year; I'm always looking to read more about Thai stamps.
I need that on a t-shirt :)
lol that sounds fun. where did you go?
Pretty bummed about this whole NBC takeover of Versus. What once was a great hockey channel is now playing the movie "Tin Cup" all day long
Worked ten hours n then came to help a friend move to then get accused of stealing wtf r u kidding me.. I'm out
Part of the responsibility of using big words is using them properly.
No Taxis in the country drive like New York City taxis.
My first ever attempt at baking home-made cookies was a resounding success.
omg it looks like a baby lion
So exciting! Can't wait to get Baby Callen and Baby Mullen together next Summer!
it's not in the current plan, but who knows!?
Good lord! The wheelchair contains a person. Ugh.
there no reason! :b
Holy huge accident on 90/94
- You are kindly welcome and I enjoy your posts!
Stand up desk era begins!
Season 2: Flavor of Love. The girl dropped a deuce on the stairs. Wherever you're from, that's good TV right there.
Hey, thanks, it was, and is. Lots of great stuff happening here.
Studying for the APUSH exam like it ain't no joke...
#np Jeff Redd "You Called & Told Me" - still my jam after all these years!
seriously? Hadnt heard of it, is it on the beta site?
. Ruth Stone, RIP. "Her mother read Tennyson aloud while nursing her."
don't you wish you were jessie's girl
The year I don't gamble in the playoffs is when I get the last 6 games right!!! #nfl win the Super Bowl btw
MY TEACHER TOL ME DAT I WAS A PIECE OF SHIT, SEEN HER DA OTHA DAY DRIVIN A PIECE OF SHIT!!
Yeah. But No normal Cookie
Oh thank god, some faith in humanity restored. Not me, but will check around re: Saturday!
Printing out Jaime Mintun's Manifesto
I'm just gonna say it: I don't think #tiger catches Jack.
Licensed to drive! Finally!
Almost hugged broad @ costume world who miraculously found me a corset that fit. Had been feeling like goldilocks & the 1000 corset fails.
Katy Perry to Perform at 2012 MuchMusic Video Awards - Hollywood Reporter
This spring break is getting boring.
it's probably not Rupert
on distorted guitar, on organs and going beast on the drums
Watching channel 4 news the ppl that work there are dressed up for Halloween lol
I plan to. Haven't written them yet.
Watching T.V, The View and the Price Is Right.
Miss you guys too! It's already turned to sleet but peeps are still driving crazy
In honor of #black #April don't forget to wear all black and write #Saigon on your arm, wrist, or hand
not terrible, but you got an iron stomach if you can drink a whole sixer.
Excellence is the character I strive for!
Oh Well.. Everybody Wasnt Made To Care So Fuck It
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
well when i see u i will tell u silly, so hurry up and hang with me
Tired but it's early, oh well, gonna curl up in bed w/ either faulkner or satre (books that is)
"Please stay on the line to take a brief customer service survey to learn how important you are to us." Sure! *CLICK* :P
bad girl
yeah but there time is different from ours!
City let's him pay it in installments! Has to be another way!
Stoned Fortress 2nite
So tomorrow I start a 6 day job dog&catsitting w/six critters. Yay! Love getting paid to be w/my 4-footed friends. They encourage breaks.
RT : RT : Happy Fourth of July! Please wash your hands & use a food thermometer.
Do not applaud me. It is not I who speaks to you, but history which speaks through my mouth. Fustel de Coulanges
RT A positive attitude will lead to positive outcomes.
why you say that?
where on ya body ?im mving bck next week doe bro.
The soon to be released menu list is sure to please the masses!!
I wish that I had more good pictures of myself. is gonna be on make-James-look-good duty on Friday.
I'll txt u here In a min! My phone is charging right now(:
Harry Potter Inspires Blood Typing Device
what's up?
fml don't say that bro! Don't you dare say it!
Shower made me sleepy!.
ur welcome wow that was long ago
These Neutrogena commercial bitches know they don't break out -.-
Zayn got a new tattoo on the day picnik shutting down and the tattoo says 'forever in my heart'. Okay that explained everything.
Have you ever tried to correct a brother or sister in Christ? How did that go?
Lance don't start with me.....
No Matter What !!!! We ain't got no strings attached !!!!
Boarding 14-hour flight to Sydney tonight, what should I read? No plane crash stories, pls...
You gotta love that liberal tolerance and defence of free speech.
After everything the US has been through since 2008, the education industrial complex still says schools should be run like businesses.
The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Improvement Act states you do not void your printer warranty by using remanufactured or refilled cartridges
Billionaire Republican-Independent Mayor Bloomberg New York City Police Dept are at it again with arresting over 700 people in 2days
Wow, Noah is a beast for coming back in the game
Shower curtain?
Did you know that there are only 13 blimps in the world? 9 of them in the US. 3 owned by Goodyear and 1 is shaped like Shamu!
I like the studs but the stud pressure when testing them at the Nike WHQ in Beaverton was a bit much. New colors soon too?
Always count your good days!
KGO Beerfest tix go on sale in less than 2 weeks and a very very good price - stay tuned - this event will sell out!
I want in on this crazy thunder!!
nice ;D
Oops. Need a wireless deal? Got an opened Shure ULXP14 wireless (pro bodypack system) $625? Full warranty. Lemme know.
For great #pizza #specials from MacKenzie River Pizza sent direct to your #mobile phone in #ID, #MT, #IN & #WA, #text MACKRIVER to 90210.
72-degrees today peeps! Deme, Venus and I are walking 3 miles Get out, enjoy the day - AND do something kind today!
So what if u not only like various dog breeds, but have invited them to a lifetime of love, leisure, fun, free eats & health care, etc?
Did anyone just see that block by Murray State??? Wow.
Decisions! Decisions!! Tension?
but you can hang wit your homies!!!! Haha
Great hiking weather today. Just got done hikin the alum cave trail. Had a lot of fun!!
In bed before 11pm- Mark the record books! Planning done. Closing my eyes until I hear birds chirping at 5:15am- love open window nights!
Thank you for a wonderful shoot today ! The shots looks beautiful thanks to you!
#Reds win! Latos looked good!
home park was fun -____- so many white people so little asians lmao
You're *probably* right about that!
it's prolly in your best interest to delete that..
iPad can now be a personal hotspot if the carrier supports it
Welcome to Women's Committee
it's a all about key words: New, Leader, Change are staples for a postive campaign. Less thought goes in than you might think
heck... I'm thinking of flying out for this show too.
Would you allow some guy to operate on you if you needed surgery, or would you choose a Dr. ? We use only certified Microsoft Tech for IT.
mcr rocks i love that band so much
"The hardest job that kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any."~Fred Astaire
Auditioning for a sag commercial~ this would be a big blessing! Wish her luck!
Thanks for the RT!!!
Breakthrough let the pain of the past drown in darkness as you run to the light and dance in FREEDOM
Hi guys so I am bores rite now cuz I hav nothing 2 do ugh I hate I am bores Nd tired :(
Quote of the day..."What was that? a Pterodactyl??"
Wish we could pair the superior usefulness of many UK library sites with the visual design proficiency of many US ones.
okay! Let's just do this all night.
Program or Be Programmed: Code and Education panel discussion coming up at 3pm w/
I swear emma is sleeping in health
Tell me it's real, the feelings that we feel...
I saw a stat that the active user on Google+ posts every 12 days. Not good.
I find that I use my iPad at home way more than my Laptop. It's already on, battery lasts longer and does not heat up your lap!
Day 2 of Sorensen leadership program is being held in VA House chamber. Nice to be on the House Floor without having to vote on anything.
Agreed! RT : There should always be day baseball. Always.
clipper Darrell started as a true fan, but then was it just for the $ n exposure? he doesn't look like a victim to me, he had his share
it doesn't even sound like the kid has met with Bo. Really a shame that didn't happen before the shit show began
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
WOM Mkting all comes back to WOULD ANYBODY TELL A FRIEND? via
I'm guessing Kasey Kahne won't be driving the Similac #5 car next year. Or will he? I can't tell.
If you see (LION) in a linkedin profile it usually means they will connect with anybody. It is usually seen with some 500+ contact profiles.
Can slap bass be filtered for use in dubstep? Stay tuned n find out!
Just woke up from a 12-hour sleep. Trying to fight a major sore throat that morphed into flu-like symptoms. I hope I can go to work tonight.
Yay email me about team info. RT : *butts in* I kinda want to do that to
yep - no license no marriage! once you get the license you have 90 days to get married - by someone with a license to do that! :-)
RT": Hey guys, contraception is not just a women's issue. Speak up or zip up. You can't have it both ways.,|Got that right!
Thank you!
I hate it wen creepy weird guys follow me on twitter...seriously do u think u even have a chance??? Haha umm no not bein cocky just sayin...
I'm tired.
I always keep my human livers in carry-on. :)
Sure, Starbucks. Tom Waits at 11:15 in the morning. Who wouldn't be on board for that?
At the beach!!
Q. What happened to the Pope when he went to Mount Olive? A. Popeye almost killed him!
Shouts Daneeskz, in the playoffs of her fantasy nail colors league, she's got Tart Deco going today vs. Turquoise & Caicos.
Thanks for RTs and kind words!!!
Everybody needs some time, on their own. Everybody needs some time, all alone.
awee he is so adorable :) lol
Listening to Silk - meeting in my bedroom. This still that shit :-)
Who wants to be my 8000 tweet? :)
REALLY well that sucks LoL well we all learned something today.....hope you didn't retweet a porn ad LoL I kid! XO
RT #Julia is the Sandra Fluke of composite hypothetical non existent women
ROUND EDGES?
looking forward to it.
Smh. Whatever. Let's go rangers!
Do you know how to create Google conversion code? Conversion code is mission critical to the success of your Adwords efforts!
I would like to thank God for blessin me.
Cake balls are delicious but I can tell when TAG has one stuck to the roof of his mouth...lol.
good awards & alumni day w & men's soccer. Spring game tmrw. U would be proud!
Yes!!!! Come back north!
I need more girl friends in Miami! I wonder if I can convince to come down here. :p
Michigan State will play North Carolina today on the same ship that was used to bury Osama Bin Laden's body.
let my 2,5,7 watch Dora and was mortified at the scripted interaction. Occasional video is fine but educational tv is worst.
You had the top 3 girls from the beginning, and I'll be following all 3 of them no metter what! :) Amazing talent!
Thanks for the RT!!
what are you doing. Why...what are you doing?! Omg...stop saying the f word.
The overlay to help with chord recognition. 12 years of playing and you would think I'd know 'em. P:
thanks for the RT!
Have you seen the cow around Indy?! Check out the cow's latest adventures in our new Facebook photo album.
Team New York for the 5k color fun run in Columbus on July 21st! road trip with the girlies!
Per my last tweet, I'm off to Cafe Dolci for some Banh mi.
lmao!!! Artists need to be able to sing again
Exercise! But, be sure your activities are compatible with your age and physical condition.
You totes should. And looks like we have more than that in common - I'm an SU Art (History) Grad.
Round Hill Festival this weekend, and you know what that means.....pie eating contest!
Thank you all for stopping @ hornyhideaway last night it was fun let's do it all again tonight.
RT : Thanks to for stopping by the #LocalUnderground Last Night! And for blogging about it here:...
Anybody make any resolutions?
Umm i want ice cream and i usually hate ice cream
My softball pictures look good! :D
i quit...better off doing this by myself
Thanks for retweeting!
#InstantTurnOn guys with Dimples <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
What would happen if I stopped being a nasty girl?? #ShuldIOrNaw!!
“: Keep Your Grind Positive And Your Motives Pure”
I'm on the bus, and I just actually laughed out loud about that. These people looking at me now...
I need to get my hands on WWF the music volumes 3 and 4 so is set for life with entrance music.
not anymore. :-) mentioned how they've become antiquated and that is so true.
I heard that a dog will be at every poll in SC today with a subtle reminder of "roof, roof" to potential Romney voters.
freak sum for the 10 wings and fries!!!
Wow, I've been a little MIA from the interwebs...
way to be a week late
Duh! I knew that! Well thank you :) Gotta love dogs!
Mafia of straight girls who look like boys
It’s always the people who know the least about you who want to judge you the most.
what song ?
I'm telling you, this duck followed us around the lake. So creepy/cute. I named her Hillary Swank.
"A Murder of Crows" EP UP ON FACEBOOK NOW!! Support+Retweet!!
sngl ladies 21+ tomorrow is your last day 2 win a Valentines Day date w email your pic and why we shld pick u 2
Getting warm here in Vegas. This is the perfect place for a water park so why did they close wet n wild. Bring it back please!!!!
Who gets ball first? RT : Jordan vs. Lebron one on one... Who y'all rolling with??
10. Festoon = a chain or garland of flowers, leaves, or ribbons, hung in a curve as a decoration.
so excited!
we're not really friends.
I wish i was more open on twitter about us while he was here..i look back at my tweets remembering how happy i was and still is with Him
Oh okay I miss you
Ok ...Ok! This is the Anthem for me for the next Decade!!! Once again Soror you rep us like no other<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I hate people that have no business even speaking about basketball try and critique and his play. Sit down and let the man ball.
When u stay on path and let nature run its course, it all falls into place and works itself out
thanks for the optimism <33
See if they will let you be an elephant this time cuz your huge
Ugh i dont want my dad to get surgery:'(
personally, I am not in it for the view, and don't mind missing standing in line for hours and/or crush. but it's sold out.
Yo I'm out man
#someonewhomeansalottome my one and only
fake enthusiasm for technology. super transparent and vulgar.
Where us that trick at!!!
does that mean its on a dvd/cd waiting to be viewed by me?
Bout to watch shallow hal and call it a day .
I'm daft. No hay otra excusa. Cuentame ya.
Josh Hamilton makes me money!
me too. I'm starting to. Go responsive!
Evaluating alternatives to Kontera, starting with InfoLinks.
(James D. Rogers) Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
I dated Lloyd Davis for five years. Unfortunately it was not that Lloyd Davis.
WHAT?!? RT : Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63
Looking forward to 's Sippin' in Seersucker on Friday, tho my seersucker collection is non existent I can still have a good time
whats good rozay love hearing yo new artist music can you make a remix to Ja Rule Black Vodka song
#TRUTH RT "What is the best weapon against a zombie attack" - Joe. "Jesus" - Jordan
Oh great, heard Shannon Sharpe has 2 mins to speak at halftime. Will be surprised if he shuts up after 45. Get off the field horse face.
So you never change service providers, I guess, and no one should have that ability, right? Dems for shitty service!
That blog graveyard idea is wicked interesting...
Just buttery enough.
thanks squatting buffalo!
Trying to figure out twitter
call her yoko ohno she a man eater, ski mask diva she might up and leave u but ucan never leave her u ain't never have herso u cant keep her
Just did an interview on YES FM. I want to know how radio people sound that good in the morning- it's impressive and I'm still waking up! :)
great demo by Dr. Wattson!
forever the best pandora station
Your acting like I didnt already know that..why else do you think I invited you?
I'll be in class can I grab it round 3?
Happy Friday! Unhappy in your job? Check out our yesterday's #BoBNow Ad in the #WSJ (p. B-5) & become your own boss!
You have probably realized already, but he meant smallest with an NFL team. Greenbay IS that.
Second fantasy football draft of the year...looking forward to Arian Foster at the #5 pick
Beautiful music by tech n9ne is freaking dope!(:
You know you're from Washington when it's 75 degrees out and you're sweating.
is too adorable. I swear if I had the chance to marry him, I would do it in a heartbeat.
about to put new music on my ipod.
Absolutely up to my ears in strawberry cupcakes. Being a perfectionist takes up a lot of space...
I'm still figuring my way around Twitter myself! Just figured out the 'difference' between RT and the retweet button :)
- does it mean you like the logo?
Home for Easter :)
yeah and I just DM'd you my algebras :)
Haha to real talk grown men fighting a kid and you still losing how the Hell do you feel.
ok weird but cool
Please. Stop. LOLing. Your. Own. Comments!!!!!!
we'll think about it :)
I bet David Fincher gets the rights to the Mr. Potato head live action film
I second that.
Love your solo journey .
Kicking goals in the butt kind of day!
: Can I get one with Cool Ranch?!
tell him he's not allowed to post pictures.
plus im guessing this means new right fit guides.
Hoping for both an & win today.
will never follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> sad story..
im a young artist wit an ol soul...hoping one day to work wit you rt
Just ate chocolate chip waffles for dinner
Steinbeck classic predictably tragic at TheatreWorks - San Francisco Examiner
Big congrats on the new job, !
Thanks for your passionate advocacy for teachers, their students & #fundforteachers today. Grateful for your voice & support!
Facebook went and changed 8 million things while I was gone today!! Gah! Now I have to get used to this..... Loving the new email stuff tho!
oh wow cool! i think that was from early in grad school, hope i didn't sound like an uninformed noob.
I think it would be easier if you dont make a bonus episode and make one episode but 40 minutes long so you dont work as much.
Count down to the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2012 January 25, 2012. Global Latitudes will attend DAVOS
Loving On the celtics.
We are proud winners of the best contemporary product!
absolutely stunning. Love you both
what's the idea?
god bless the people who lost love ones ,family ,friends and more one the day of 9/11
Boys HS #Vball Results: Bird over Meadowbrook, JRHS/Godwin, T Dale/Clover Hill, Armstrong/TJ, Atlee/P Henry, Maggie W/P George
shave Mr.Met into the back of your head!!! I'll do it too! Everyone will do it lol
Just caught a screening of "Page One: Inside The New York Times." Cool event at the Newseum, good movie, and David Carr is my new hero.
k so what's up
aaaaaaaaaiwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwll i love you too mii little sister !
good question
Morning Everyone
Others use it to facilitate letter-writing between students in other places.
just found out my uncle was an all state tennis player.
Going to meet the first person on my target list tonight! Woot!
I got dat Taco Bell <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Do you Twitter? Meet me
my puppy loves new years day. It's so cute :)
Nothing quiets a room like a procession of
RT : Find real friendships with fellow women in your area!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
We are a Christian Leads/Referral Group that meet at my office every Friday. Send me an email at .
Hi Paul! Great to meet you in Boston. Here's to the Cushmans!
Headed to Miami, available by phone and email until later this afternoon.
So I think we can safely say the rangers are the best team in the AL.
Im playing man
AWESOME!!! CAN U GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT PLEASE
Pure Relational Joy? BiLocational & BiVocational? Can 1 live & be connected personally & professionally in 2 different cities like Pgh & LA?
No house keys.. amazing
Yeah sure what's your question??
Happy Ash Wednesday Everyone!!! Last Night's Mardi Gras Party was a Blast!!!
what's your favorite tsp lyric?
This is very ugly
Short walk to the local Dress in layers during the cold winter months. I learned the hard way.
Smile Jamaica
man even thoe were getting prolly the tip of the storm idk it might change but its gonna be a good night hopefully
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;)
Sorry. I didn't see your first answer. Twitter is not pinging my phone when someone responds. Glad you're going back home!
Last day of the week #Break!
we really should hang out soon! Miss you!
Having some Hot coffee! mmhh!
you using the METRO acct or your own?
you look so much better in spa chair. You have girlfrand?
There's no set agenda to tonight's Green Drinks #GSO. Just lots of socializing and green chat. Hope you'll join us!
Watchn #DuckDynasty with & Reminds us each of our hometowns!
no, that makes sense! Also parallels btw cred/authenticity of Albarn & 2Pac...
Ty again Junior
Great series! I didn't catch it the 1st time around either, but been watching the reruns. Good call!
a week without social media. I survive! :)
Today has been awesome! One final left and I am officially on summer break!!
yea ok
sorry to hear that :(
I think we've found a bug with that service now...
can you buy a ticket?
RT Planning the music video! With
John and Jerm have tattoo time today!
Ok Kobe
Indeed! Born in Montreal so that is automatically true :)
Alright! We'll talk later...The concert starts at 10pm so before then :)
that's literally hilarious. RT“: there should be a morartorium on the words #literally and #hilarious - words used incorrectly.”
No that's so right :)
American Healthcare Investors Facilitates Acquisition of Five Medical Office Buildings on Behalf of Griffin-American ...
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home. I miss the days when life was simple. What if I nevr tried to follow that rainbow iso the pot of gold
60 degrees outside, it's a heatwave!
Come check out Macy’s Light Up the Square Cincinnati’s Annual Tree Lighting Today!!! Festivities begin at 6:30pm with live music from Ti..
I understand everybody has rights but george zimm didnt turn his self in ... They had to go get him... That wld be a huge slap in the face
“: indiana aka indianapolis :)” coming June julyish!
mark the 22nd down too! We will be having another event, fun filled and awesome with $1 drinks!
-Aoki said all Japanese stars want 2 come here, 2 find out 4 sure if they have what it takes.
Long ass day! Funeral, fam, then did sum hair!
What's your favorite cigar?
Break Legs. Our version opens on Friday.
Appreciate The Support My Dude!!
i think im about to hurt sombdy.
saw a Green Lantern trailer with you in it - what's the scoop?
I feel part 2 is more funny then exciting lol Camilla just needa hit somebody so I can get crunk lol
soccer and finishing everything for graduation. Wbu?
thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the advice. Would you do it with kids? What else did you do in Java? 3 months- wow!
Thanks for the reTweet! I hope we get to see you at the event!
that's messed up lol thank you
Easter is around the corner, what are your family traditions? Early morning mass? family Easter egg hunt?
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered in our drawing for an iPAD2! Drawing will be announced on here in 48 hours!!!! 2 days to go!
Happy birthday brian! (:
What do u call a chick with one leg? Eileen!
what's good bro! Where u livin in Ohio?
#Herbs are expensive to buy at the stores so adding them to your landscape makes good economic sense
Michael Vick deserves a chance he has learned from his mistakes & should be forgiven. Black's were treated worse than dogs & we forgave U!
great blog! Pecan Pie - !!!! Should have my blog up for you real soon - it's going to be fun!
Yes I am a sore loser when it comes to Maccabi. Were they the better team? No. But they had heart & soul, it will take some time to sink in
The Jets haven't been to a super bowl in 41 years. I'm siding with them on this one.
Walking the dog in the neighborhood!.... Why is it 60 degrees in the middle of January????
Well Muma Hawk brought dinner back. For your sake we have chosen not to disclose the cute baby animal that bird has just slaughtered
talk to me!
Raven down old school shotty action for the win
Justice for Chelsea?
Fukk Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split lol Ant Nothin butt a Gangsta party
I'm inside load of fun. Do you know what's going on around Howard and north ave?
LOL I was hoping it was just my bad eyesight.
why aint no Chinese fat people i never seen one lbs healthy fuckers
Ah, such a great masterpiece! You're welcome!
Licensed to Ill, my first Hip Hop record, that's right we did it in wax back in the day.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
Santo said last nite during an appearance that most CA public universities don't offer US history courses - What? Dude's running for POTUS!
et al, Anyone ever come up with a way to do a responsive email template?
Money talks alright but all it ever says to me is good bye.
Free admission to the Carlos Museum on Friday, May 18 to celebrate
Everybody is beautiful and cool regardless of looks, race, weight, sexual orientation, gender, etc! Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
The only "good" highlights I am seeing on TV about Zambrano are against the Astros. Haha
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you're doing your work and the teacher yells at you for sleeping.
Scratch that. Exhausted, broke....yet extremely statisfied and elated I finished my first feature....stubborn fool.
sometimes I remember in arizona when we were going to the venue at 8 that morning and there were people going to school... i laugh at them
RIP Moose Skowron
what is with both Wisconsin teams having overlapping games again on Saturday? The bars are going to hate
No, I'm not drunk, but she's got chocolate
“: i noticed only RATCHET ppl w/ no job or education are getting MAD about my OPINIONS on Lil BOOSIE verdict... OH!!!”
aww come on that's my team now
thank you both for the heads up. Planning on being there!
Open desk drawer: no tea. Oh. It's going to be that kind of week.
She truly is magical.
video too please?
2 books in 1 joke. Nice! RT I'm writing President Snow's biography. It's called "To Kill A Mockingjay" (ht to )
You're welcome to stay for as long as you wish. I live downtown, walking distance to everything…airport, train & trolley stations.
i'm going to look good tonight because is photographing all of us at , so wear your pushup bra or bro!
A 17 year old girl from Miami, Florida started to sneeze on January 4, 1966 and it continued untill June 8 1966.
oops -just bought my shirt & whoever set up the email receipt template should learn how to spell their employer's name! :)
GOP and sources: Tiebreaker selects GOP version of #NJMAP, giving Scott #Garrett edge in district shared with Steve
its San Diego so everything is good hahaha. Tacos El Gordo?
So happy and excited for you!! I am doing well, having fun and working hard. Hope to see you soon.
But my new hello kitty nails turned blue :( oh well..
Well that just happened. Off to find a puddle to drown myself in.
Lots of shoutouts to at #witsphl. W00t! one of my favorite sites.
Nice work Ron!
it's more to life than getting money & p.ssy! Mfers need to grow up & use other vocab rather than 'bitches, hoes, pussy, money, weed' etc
oh wow! do you have a pic of the tattoo?
Hope everything will go OK! We Fans need you around!There's only one Sly!
& the sign says Beer Bait Ammo... They got everything in between
This may sound fat but... Food is an art to me.... I make masterpieces..
Control your risk this tax season and all year round with GoldStar GPS
At the end of one, the #Badgers lead Mercyhurst 1-0, shots are 12-6 in favor of Wisconsin
Many books today suggest that the mass of women lead lives of noisy desperation.
If I was your boyfriend I'll never let you go<3
Bensimon describes CUE's tools that enable faculty & admins to examine own practices, and in turn performance of students.
Finna relax an watch a movie with my son.
he's safe inside now! lol
so damn bored
and prepare yourself a bit less gaming :]
#AmericasGotTalent is the best show ever! Howard is the bestest!!! lolz "Did your parents die of emberassment?" ahahahahahah
: sorry .& whoever else is hurtling
#ThingsThatAreSketchy ceiling fans that shake too damn hard.
Ha! That's the first time I have heard that.
So are you RT : You are
THIS SEMESTER IS ALMOST OVER... THANK THE LORD... ;-)
Do they make it yet? RT : m #nachos! Maybe I should get a #mancandle as a wedding gift :)
Caps score already!
Only the presale! General sale starts Friday.
And I wish to someday be the Robin Sherbotsky of the NFL.
sup dun son
Had an adventure driving a semi truck. Sometimes you gotta get down and dirty.
If i have a daughter, i'm naming her Olivia Marie, Caitlin Marie, or Jasmine Victoria :)
Once Upon A Time finale...
a must-read for anyone who works with adolescents: Project X by Jim Shepard
I get bored so fast that they won't last, but girl you special like I met you in the slow class.
i agree!
stop hating on ja nigga real shitty that Girls Go Wil was awful listen to some real shit like #PIL2 bra thats real hip hop.
I thought you just received admission into McCombs?
hey girl how are you! And when is it?
Three new viral posters for Prometheus
... i understand what he is saying about skill players needing protection from opposing players. it goes to far to pay players bounties.
Tip: Don't b afraid of controversy. If u have a great idea and discover there's controversy it can actually make your story MORE newsworthy!
Creates no jobs. 1.1m/job is from Cantor's own website! RT : Wld u spend $1.1 mil to create 1 job? 's bill does.
It looks like they are giving away free food at burger king. All these lazy ass parents
Jenny's makeup is even more raccoon-y than usual.
good morning =D
Go Clippers! RT SoCal fans, come out to a stop on our Lunch Date tour & you could win tix to a Laker game!
OH YES WE ARE GETTING THERE... HEADING STRAIGHT TOWARDS OUR GOALS... #TEAMSUCCESSFUL LET'S GO GET IT!!! WHY NOT... ;-)
Kobe is crazy closet person you can compare to Jordan!
Happy Founder's Day to the SO SWEET ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc.
“: I have to say, Fox is totally going all out today. Love the updates on other games. #EPL” Agreed!
Hearing great production and mixing of a song is like sex to my ears!
#askaustin are you going to hoot fest..?
It's Wednesday! You know what that means...we're in the kitchen with Rania today at 9!
It's almost my birthday. Woot c:
|| i am more than what meets the eye... some of my tweets are actually intellectual.
So BET gets them LUV and Mid of Nowhere after theatrical run?
Who from came to LDA Life & Learning Service's open house this morning?
what are 30 year bonds yielding righ now?
RT : RT : SAVE the DATE show is MARCH 25th More details coming soon! <Thanks :):)
Just received a donation of awesome 80's vintage dresses and pant suits for our next Ruffian Swap!
I love Google and the internets. Found the answer to an InDesign question in two seconds.
“: Many have SURVIVED disasters ALONE but no one has SUCCEEDED at much of anything ALONE! #uregonnaneedsomeone”
why must i always spell shit wrong! lol i meant take the time to tell you ur my favorite ;) sowy bout that
All Time Low!
ergo...one person does not a startup make.
ok ok n miss u too sis
Quit being a sad butt, and start cheering up you cutie patootie. <3 Yer boyfran wants to see that precious smile. C:
Time for tweet tweet sleep!!!
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
On cell replacement #4 and now my phone won't hold it's charge...SERIOUSLY?!?!
Hi Grafton! Thanks for the follow!
im just sitting here like
hey Brook my closet is missing cute, comfortable tall brown leather boots and black rain boots!
Yeah, like Obama on the golf course, right Ed you fucking loon...lmao
Thank you for the gratitude! Right back at you for all you contribute. :-)
I have the best girlfriend she puts up with all my shit and all I do is bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> so I wanted to say I love you and You mean the world to me..
no no SDOT can plow to nickels house. If you really want him stuck put him on a bus route near a hospital w/ lots of snow.
highly doubt it. Aka I don't know anyone with a baby and I don't think i knew any glass majors by name.
haha wait sorry you werent right this time
How can you not be beaming from ear to ear? I am!
My thoughts exactly.
#Books I'm reading: #Smut by
Why am I still up???
Oh, fuck. Now I want one! Going to use my librarian powers too.
ok Calvin here
I read a story about this the other day & sadly, my first thought was to sign up for an affiliate id...
I dunno, we use surveys despite the fact that nonattitudes are rampant, esp on complex issues
im done
Yay got my nails done for #Promotion! Cant wait #2MoreDays! :D
I love sluts
I'll cross my fingers for you :)
Louisville has gotten better, but Syracuse can't score enough to be a top 5 team.
As an internal change communication strategist that is likely a beneficial read for me!
Saying goodbye isn<U+FFFD>t the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just don<U+FFFD>t erase themselves.
seriously, if i don't get to see 1D im gonna curl up in a ball and cry till my death
My bed now! Ahh night everyone :)
hahahahahaha! We need to eat more snack before the game! SNICKERS FOR EVERYONE!
Fergie has gotten this wrong for me. Should have at least picked a team that could cause problems on the break. City deserve to be one up.
Follow to get the latest on healthcare technology trends and breakthroughs in the state of Florida.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
“: Does #InternationalWomensDay really have to fall on #fattuesday? No, ladies. This Tuesday doesn't make you look fat.” 2 funny
Ah.... Makes much more sense. Way to be a go getter!
Hello follow me kayleeiscool
watching #thebachelorette with my mom ((:
Why are you wearing a cape at school...reevaluate your life.
Hi I'm mike brown & i suck that's how the press conference shoulda went get him out of LA
New #linkedin android app is pretty but won't let me sign in. :FAIL
is at our home in Wisconsin painting. Getting ready to put this beautiful 4 bedroom 1.5 bath lannonstone home up for sale. Stay tune 4 more
make sure you have lots of space :-)
I wanna call you mine, Wanna hold your hand forever. Never let you forget it. 'Cause baby I wanna make you feel wanted. <U+E022>
Love doing dinner with fellow bands & artists
Martin Methodist is a legit school now. James Justice! Party at Broadway!
I'm doing alright. figuring out a new job. how you been lately?
Mall Or Movies 2morrow Who wit it? lemme know
Don't like that transformativeness is rejected out of hand. Very little is said about why.
Xbox with your girlfriend never gets old. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Kepler Lucas :Uh oh! It's getting late and I haven't finished scattering my toys all over the room for you to trip over when you get home.
beta for what?? Im kinda interested.
LOL gotta stay hydrated!
The bikini for 2012 is ready to go but I need get the SPF-Heavy Duty so I can maintain my colorless complexion.
May the Fourth be with you, all of you!
The advantage of never following Chris Brown on Twitter is that I never had to stop following Chris Brown on Twitter.
Um... interesting? Is he that amazing that you changed your last name to his?
Jon Edwards could become one of the few people ever to be booed out of a funeral.
Hashtagged his unfortunate nickname? Wow never thought I'd see one of them tweet that
GET THAT! c;
oh god
Good news too - never saw so many people working out and eating healthly MT "data also suggests that national has reached a plateau"
Lets go heat!
going to the mall wanna come?
oh shut up babe you're always gorgeous
Glad to hear about cams; disappointed to hear there hasn't been a policy; concerned about profiling.
+1 RT Don't feel bad for His biggest success yet to come. Feel bad for #NCAA--they're worse off w/out him
Should have won. Just saying.
way to go Jeff!
When it rain, it pours...I have to keep reminding myself that it can't rain forever and the sun will shine again.
Orioles Magic!
Hey ! It's a 99 cent iPhone app called Diptic. Definitely worth it!
I'm too busy slaving for mother to tweet
French Montana - Everythangs A Go
oh em gee.
thai food tonight!
I can honestly say that I've thought about that before but it freaked me out
THE YEAR OF PRUNNING IS OVER (John 15:2) He prunes it so that it may bear more fruit. #Sir Court
you already lost ? :)
that would be a good fit but you gotta understand Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
We need to stop segregating the Chicago Music Scene and work together so we can grow! There is too much Politics and Cliques going on!
Boy, you gotta DO IT ! :)
Craving a Bleu Reuben and Staufs brew. How about you?
sure, followed
You inspire me for all the INCREDIBLE things you do. Blows me away!
Think I may deviate from the normal tone of my blogging and write a 5 worst dates of all time post for #Vday. Be excited.
Installing the Commencement show today!
Dear Internet, should I go out tonight?
I woke up in a good mood today!!
Lunch is almost over O_o
I like where this is going.
Eating shredded cheese in bed, AKA eating the shredded cheese that fell between my breasts and now tastes all perfume-y.
I can make light of your darkness
#WhiteSox moving Chris Sale back to the bullpen, this time as the closer. Dylan Axelrod moves to the rotation.
Whoever invented call of duty can go fuck themselves
I'm picking up the #MiniWellers from their bus-stop. =P
Turtles. We got ‘em. You love ‘em. Just don’t tell your dentist you bought them here.
why the sad face/:
Last day in Iowa. Heading back to Minneapolis after lunch
Im bored and your never on here so im gunna put u in a million things!!!!! I love you boo<3
already had one of our museums asking to bring you out to their site - shared your website with them! :)
ok I feel ya ha welcome home!!!
RT JrOneTrey I be counting money til I pass out
Princess Diana died in a car crash on this day in 97. I was watching SNL, news coverage interrupted The Spice Girls. Where were u?
just came back from Miami and can vouch it's the best coffee
to get a good idea check out our magazine. Today only were offering a 1 year subscription for $5.99 use promo code FUNFRI
lol you're not god....
Unrest of spirit is a mark of life; one problem after another presents itself and in the solving of them we can find our greatest...
Long time not eating this awesome food !!
Music Is my life.
Tell him congrats for me (not that he'll know who I am, you'll have to say that little 14 yr old...). Have fun!
exactly, Being "Dr So and So" can get your foot in the door to expand practice but once in U need to be prepared to act effectively
. I used to go out of my way to fly United & keep Premier status. Now w/ upselling Econ Plus, it's too expensive and irritating.
charge ur phone
Just had a great breakfast at Bloom cafe. I'm so full now!
What will & Daddy Satch have to complain about tonight!!!!
I love everyone. Plz pray for me
Unless you're Pavement, a 2nd drummer is unnecessary
Good morning. I don't even know wtf I'm doing up so early lol.
What was your favorite class at CSHS?
You're such a douche.
Even more that broadcast still uses on-air ratings to renew/cancel shows.
Tonight on #21CRadio we're discussing technology and music portability. DM me to submit a question!
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it -Julia Child
l want a million followers!!
#TissotTimeOut Wouldn't it be great if IndyCar raced in Denver?
Too bad #thelyinggame has gone down hill so far. Another rich bitch show? No thanks.
very kind of you sir. i am a bit of a dame, salty talk and such. little but fierce. have a good 'un!
i saweeeee! There's only 1 cure for this!!......come spend some time with
Does it really make sense to collect toll bills by voluntary phone calls?
1st prize at #health2dev goes to project aether! Very cool app!
"140 characters are never enough for an apology when you need to make one" - pick up the phone.
Was a great event. Keep up the amazing work. Makes a big difference!
Thanks Russ for following me on Twitter.
OMG.....never thought I'd get to ride in a v6 sedan.
Father-in-Law: How do you say that word? My Husband: What word? Father-in-Law: F-A-V-O-U-R My Husband: Um, like "favor." Me: ...
Who would you rather see in the playoffs? #Knicks, #Sixers, or #Bucks? #NBA avg tix this season: $48
as long as it's not like one of those fish pedicures.....
lol I know what it is!!! I love it!!!!
stop pickin ppl stuff
That is VERY good to see! An (increasingly rare) good day for civil liberties.
That panic moment when: The elevator doors don't open right away and you think you're gonna be trapped there.
UPDATE: Cancelled the photo-shoot this morning due to weather conditions, postponed it for this weekend, March 3-4.
Becca come over this weekend and we can do nails!!!! <U+2764>
California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ
If you're in NYC and can catch Massacre - you should - before it closes this weekend. So fantastic!!
simply answered... If I don't know something, I can't help u out. If I can't help u out, what am I doin here? Lol
you should have a show or something have you ever thought about that
Mexican with a cute face but them Jnco jeans gotta go!
All this talk is driving me crazzyyyyy! Ah.
I'm partial to Marc Vallon's recording with the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra. But he's my former prof, so I'm a bit biased.
why is you deleting your old account???
I think I've seen that. "The law team that rides" or some such.
curfew denial could affect governor's jurisdiction on public property in other TN cities.
Alan Parsons Project while I do my hw.
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new? Let us know for a NORTH magazine story.
Walking thru Detroit airport, had to stop to watch ESPN highlights of Braun's 3 home runs last night! See, no steroids, he's just that good.
comical. I guess we missed where Wisconsin lead the country in job losses in 2011 and had a bad March
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
no plans yet. I'll holla at you later, do the same
... had games left to play, but nothing will take away what we accomplished. I love you guys like my brothers
Quiet afternoon in the 'brary today...
Nothing wrong with that. I trust you me and Matt Miller way more than McShay, we'll have to get a bit evil to convince others
Looks like Adrian is going home early so I am closing the bar solo, so who wants come to brea and keep me company tonight?
;) you're very welcome!!
Thanks for tip...will be flying them 5x (!!!) in July.
Mitt Rommey can't even drink beer. So how woudl that work out? He can't have soda either.
two Duffs, one cup
giving blood
Mark your calendars for this coming Thursday Feb 18, 2010 at Highland Park Country Club 6-9 p.m. www.keithchristopher.com
I feel like I'm standing in a club with this music on at work lol.
Overheard: "IS THIS SALT VEGAN?"
I'll go the extra mile just to see you smile.
nice. Surprised you're not at Big Wangs Wings.
let me know!!
I feel sorry for Bristol. She's tryin hard.
Far more serious issues now. Back then, was broke, but it still possessed a certain curatorial integrity.
Paul: that's what i read somewhere. Btw I've got amazon prime too but haven't attempted streaming video yet
oh fuck yeah!!! Bout to get crazzy
it's been a little journey but Soo worth it!!!
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
Is there anything happening near Chicago?
Yes sir! Hopefully kix in quick it will be a busy day since we have a short holiday week. Be well, do good, peace
im saying if i don't make it to the next round of x factor im auditioning for glee project
and i have 3 tests that i have not studyed for.
Who is ready for the Annual Writers Conference in Chicago? WE ARE.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses
I had that moment a while back but couldn't bring myself to change the pic. I swear I'm not a bro. Please believe me ;)
how's the force?
I hate you right now.
About to hop on these beats.and mix down a couple tracks.
Me: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*
#smbmad #ford - glad to have you. Don't forget to checkin on 4sq
I'm sitting here watching movies...Ugh! I just remember I got a project to do and I haven't even started on it.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
Read more, you seem like a bright kid. Just misguided.
i. love. american. cities.
and run over!
May the forth be with you.
I think should have been PM. Dayana being PM is frustrating to watch, I can't imagine actually being there.
I miss seeing Sam today. It's weird.
Pat..Send me an e mail so I can tell ya about our Ministry Please....www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Many Thanks Ken Rector
Where can I find newest exercise and fitness equipment, any sites? Idea's?
showing up on time to rehearsal and youre the only person there -___-"
I love everyday in riding my groove #art is life : Ucan't complain about being obsessive if it's what you love to do.”
Wow, is packed today. Having trouble finding a parking spot.
1:1 mentoring would have a huge impact.
1)You take dumps with your shirt off 2) You ate an enclair that was in the trash? You fat-ass garbage eater!!!
Congratulations buddy! Lot of proud IT geeks out there.
Monday is here again.... Tell us about your #HCG #weightloss this weekend!!! :)
T.a.p.e stands for Tara Ava Paige Erin :D
Why didn't my direct deposit go through yet ?!!???! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm dooing great thanks for asking! Just getting ready too start the day. How about yourself?
Letting go is always a fuss.
City are supposed to be trying to win this match right? All Arsenal and I can't believe they didn't just score there
Just ordered a new processor from newegg...glad I can just drop a new AMD Quad core into this motherboard I have.
Brothers tonight for #wings and #cocktails with You in ?
Our drink deal 2day is .99c Watermelon Slush (over50%off). only at 8212 Liberty and Edgewater store. Not valid w/ ot promo. ask 4 drink deal
Thanks for the FAQ blog, totally answers some questions! Hope the studio holds open casting...either way hope u find your Lena!
torture here!
lol I'm sure you deserve it. So no.
When it comes to Repubs, what happened to concept of freedom of religion for all (including Muslim) and the separation of church and state?
Post-concert comment in Paris: "You're doing that whole American-Finnish thing", delivered in a German accent.
The dog just wrapped himself in one blanket and submerged himself underneath the other. I'm blanketless, and there's a pit bull in my bed.
I would like to see a social realist drama about corn subsidies through the prism of a multi-generation family drama break the $1bil mark.
“Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.” <U+2015> Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Soul
If you like Orange Soda, the color purple, and/or the number 3 please like this status and tell your friends about us!
it's ok ive never got one either
« I hope all the underage bitches stay in tonight»
Cutting certain people out of my life has proved to be succesful in my daily happiness.
New Cd amazing! So worth the wait!
lol, good call “: that's only because we've made such horrible moves in the last 3 years.”
Love it Michelle! It looks HUGE! :-)
These are big issues. I'm thinking of potential value one day.
I know. I don't get it at all. I'm definitely not a Lebron fan but even I can acknowledge he's absolutely the MVP.
Miami has full practices of learning whether to do a forward head nod or backwards when they get bumped by a player
Goodbye flash egg men. I will not miss you.
Well damn. RT : Lmaoo ode son RT : I WISH I HAD SOME COCK IN ME RIIIGHTTT NOW !!
Good Morning :)
I need some juice
What dullies do : Arizona Hospitals (Banner Health expecially) have done an excellent job of intimidating #APRNchat via :
Hope you have a wonderful weekend also!
Whats really good this morning I need my followers to check out my album sampler on my YouTube
Happy Birthday :)
I'm sort of being stalked by a male model...."darn".;
I can just hear you internal dialogue, "ok. T-minus 9hrs. 21 minutes. And 13 seconds til these come off"
catching up on tweets. how did your venture through DT Seattle go?
Password changes need to happen!
I love getting out of work at 11 at night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Oh, don't worry about me, it's not like i have feelings or anything...
that is often my only reason..
Ha! No brainwashing from the media for me. I have 26 years of empirical data that I've collected walking around as a black man...
Happy 2nd Day of my Birthday Month!
Safe in my home, just cooked a big dinner<--YOU COOK????SINCE WHEN LMAO
Should have started this sooner. Places I'll never live...Ramah, CO.
hey alicia, how do you feel today ?
Ya know if enough people think 2+1 = 3 then so it is. : Florida students' test scores drop, so the state lowers the passing grade.
Helena V. is offering a 35% discount 2 product designers till April 30, 2010. If interested, call the studio @ 212-673-6584.
Simple Man&#39;s Guide To Personal Finance: The Couples? Help and ...
omgg that's so cool he's amazing I hope he never changes.<3:)
that's why I live on a mountain...
RT "Separate your identity from your circumstance." #SoRight!
Gonna go ride around in circles for a little while.
can I just have a frequent buyer card already? Haah! Love it!!!! Can't wait!
Love and be loved, Smile and be smiled upon .. no good has ever came from a bitter heart.
Even when my swag is at an all time low, it's still higher than everyone else's
I agree with that you need an etsy shop!
Thank you to everyone who checked out my poster, "Libraries Getting GLAMorous!"
Wait, no one else live-tweeted tonight's #Glee? I'm disappointed.
I can... bear-ly believe it ;)
Hey Nathan, have you gotten a chance to use the betford trays yet?
I am deeply hurt that is discriminating against Android users. I like baseball cards.
only fools graduate early.....make it last
Rich Franklin VS Rogerio Nogueira...... My money is going on Nogueira, what about you?
#Döner by the water! Of course! Miss you, !
baby-> work on sign language, cause its communication based frustration. Older kid, reward chart.
I got suckered into the Caps game. Shiny!
you are the pot calling the kettle black.
rock a bye babyy
The Rabbit Theory screening in Ghana, West Africa, in the week of October 1-4 during the "Real Life Documentary Festival" in #Accra,
I'm going to ask my mom and dad if I could go to New York this summer. Omg, I hope they say yes i've always wanted to go there.
Really enjoyed the first session of ISSE. Excited for the next session to start!
Proud of our effort tonight despite the outcome. The points do not show our heart and toughness to overcome the obstacles we had in front
when is the talk going to be on? Loved AGT last night your hubby is stealing The show!!20hr fan
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country
our guitarist is getting married this summer and is looking for good wedding songs ! help us with ideas !
Cleaning up dog poop sure can put life back in perspective quickly!!!
It's nothing special. The plot has been done a million times before. Maybe see it when its out on DVD.
How can Anthony Davis not be getting considered to be on the Olympic team?
It's always guys that I don't like who likes me... but the guys I like don't give two flying noodles about me.
Thanks for the follow and love your passion!
Tomorrow, SAT MAY 14: Fareed Haque and his newest trio MATHGAMES! Guitar Player Magazine named him "Best World Guitarist"! Chick Pimp opens!
#WeLoveRonald! : Come visit this Saturday at 5601 Hazel Avenue in Fair Oaks. Ronald will do a show at noon. Great fun!
I began by telling the president that there was a cancer growing on the presidency and that if the cancer was not removed ... th
I glad they arrested the guy!
#smwkred is happening in NY and SF having our social media week blowout tonight. case studies in social for brands + mixer
your job going well this week?
WOW!!!! Ur Freakin Love #whatburger I Wanna Try Some (;
stupid people right?? Can't stand them and bad part is they are "so called friends" lol
I'm glad I didn't have to pay for those Broadway tickets.
I love that shit. I'm gonna make you say it when I see you at school lol
My front veneer is cracked and my knee is achy...I'm pretty much falling apart.
One cup of joe and I've snapped myself back into alertness. I am oh so thankful for caffeine!
I don't want to write anymore!!!!
I can't stand this what the hell happened tonight I literally wanna just crawl in a hole
Happy to have you along with us on !
twitters getting boring.
Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on #arts and #economic development? will be there!
will do. thanks for the information.
lol. A cat coding would be scary. The mouse would never work- it'd keep running away :)
Efeste Final Final in my glass = happy happy. Cheers!
hi matt: hope to see you about!
Is this just a game of "Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar?"? Does #BabyBoyZent just want cookies?
Dodson gets the win, but Tim Elliot comes out of better in the bigger picture, in my opinion. Really put his name on the map.
Thank you very much! Cheers & Good Smokes :)
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
Selfish people <<<
On the concourse waiting to take off to Cancun. There are electrical problems with the plane.
Heading to the 9th and the Phils are still trailing 3-1.
Thank God for Steve Blake.
Would have only had one #spoileralert otherwise.
Got it, thank you. We will be in touch!
I'm about to get some All whites RT : u don't fuck wit em gotta fuck wit some all whites
We reached our $7,000 goal on our Kickstarter! Thank you to all the supporters!
Ten minutes into learning about and I've already had 3 wide-eyed jawdrop moments.
monthly unique visitors report changed in v15? now pulls daily uniques but calcs the month total. Can I see daily as monthly?
Hope that tomorrow goes better.
The starting-in-2012 Philly group should be called the Jordon Steele Memorial E-Records Meetup. Back of t-shirts: "He's not dead"
By saying mostly "mushroom" Christian R U saying you're the "model" Christian? We can't grow apart from grace! 2 Pet 3:18
So Mean Jean won't be returning to Congress.
#nehvectors Wendy Cheng asks what if new media had not been driven from the West? invokes Tanazaki's In Praise of Shadows
Have you noticed the quality of the photos on #TheSportingPost? I don't like to steal pics form the internet, so I use ones that I've..(1/2)
U Check It Out
What do ppl even get out of hacking FB accounts?!? Jus Dumb...
Does the term "hacking the academy" add more tension to changing academia? I totally get the meaning, I have hacked my share
follow me
Wait, where? You lie.
Follow ! I'll be blogging about them soon. What to do in case you start hearing voices...
ok ok. I'd settle for you playing "bad to the bone" on the jukebox.
i think i hate more than i hate bees.
Gn Tweet peeps and FB friends!! Another day is on the horizon......
Man people make me so proud.. :)
#LinkedInTips: Keep your experience and other information up-to-date on LinkedIn. Experiences make you more valuable.
srry i cant cuz its my moms bday party.:(probably next weekend. Maybe?:)
Ready to learn more from AACTE...who doesn't love Chicago in February!
Jazz Crush combo was a hit. We'll be doing "Second Saturdays" at Kana Winery" from 6-9 PM in Yakima! See you April 14th!
holla at me fool #DUDLEYBOYZ making moves in Richmond VA and of course the nation''s cap. would love to netowrk wit u
Sometimes it's way too tempting to stay in my pjs, drink coffee, and watch the rather than get ready for work.
anger management stat
What was it like working with John Travolta?
head hurting crying my heart out man i haven't cried this much since phat funeral imissuy brotha!
I thought that _The Rook_ was pretty great.
Watching people do labs in chemistry :D
Seriously, if you live in Australia and want to be an actor in LA, go to this school. They really make things happen.
can make a mean tuna salad sandwich.
This weekend was really cool.
I'm here though :)
It doesn't get any more mundane than that! I should add, that upon completion of breakfast I did still obsessively chew two pieces of gum
Okay ? Playing soccer dosent make you a Fronchie ? Lmao it's like saying playing basketball makes you a niggah. lol
I am rooting for the Mmmmbop horse
thanks hope to see u soon!
Cool, how's the project coming?
Got good news people
We now have a short/long term furnished rental available! Beautiful Bay Hideaway with 2 bedrooms/2 baths for $3000/mo.
Just piss me off . I hate two-faced people .
I was just thinkin the same thing!!! WTF!!!!
Bicyclists stay longer and spend more money locally than those that arrive by car.
We beat them 2 out of 2 times last year though... RT : dude the squealers 2 out of 3 weeks this schedule is brutal
Unreal. Superhuman. RT : God, the things Tyler Hicks has witnessed and done. How does he do it?
"KICKSBURGH: Relaced" is put together by professors and students from the University's acclaimed Sneakerology course...
Don't u just love people with exquisite lives, but still do nothing but complain. Please change u complainers
YES!!!!! #arcadefire for the win!
awe poor jordie I'll make it better
Perhaps y'all would have been a better selection? ;)
Can anyone remind me what LOLBMC have won this season? Should be doable in 140 characters.
Tahahaha that's my line!!
no doubt he is... University of New Orleans, in fact. Read what I just RT'd via
Are u getting these bullshit pool & other fees too? Please share the email. It'll save me from social shaming them
you still working at the shop cause i do need some new music
Glad I had bread on OKC
Coming Soon: ISI Cosmetics!
I would like something chiffon or a ball gown. “: Sure! Do you have a preferred style in mind? RT
": “To a mankind that recognizes the equality of man everywhere, every war becomes a civil war.” ~Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy"
Civil rights / human rights don't exist after sunset. Protesting at night apparently is a capital offense in Egypt
#gcyale Recognize that we regulate some speech to force ppl to defend that line. (see, e.g. the hate speech argument from Friday) (2/2)
Going to the recording studio tomorrow! #SoHappy! I can't believe I get to say that hahaha :P
Thanks for the write up!
I Love The Hollaween Episode Of Martin Makes Me Laugh All The Time..
...and whenever people say that, I know it's not! At least for some oppressed groups of people! - Dr. Stovall
Can someone please clean out my litter box?
When I was a kid the TV show 'Charles in Charge' may as well have been called 'I Hope Chachi Takes His Shirt Off This Episode'.
I'd be a callous ass not to accept that apology. Let's put it behind us and move forward, shall we?
Hurray for RTs! Thank you, AK! I can't wait to get started with my package! :)
I mean, if millions of people were talking about me on twitter I would be glowing pretty bright too.
posers cryin in the name of capitalism are the same ones afraid to compete.. smh
hold your head up high bro . .
I hate to be the one to bear the bad news.. Yes, it is true, I finally fell in love. I fell so hard that I'm killing myself.
Congrats Austin it took 1 hour and thirty minutes to sell out :)
putting on make-up and helmet hair?
You were born with the ability to change someone's life. don't waste it.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW! So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE & AFFILIATE With The 'Movers' & 'Shakers' In The Ent. Biz. So Should YOU!
RT Considering his target consumer....1-800-ASK-GARY should also own 1-800-AXE-GARY ..to avoid confusion HOLLA!!
Martinez hits in G. Cipolloni and Cavaliers have collected 3 runs on 3 hits here in the 5th. 2 outs.
Like most winter weather situations in #RVA location of the rain/snow line is always the deciding factor on accumulation amounts
Kacie's Dad is speed-dialing Courtney right now to see if she make a quick stop in TN.
it's true tho! the hoods really arent that rough but people play like they are and it's funny to me! why not just be happy lol
love it! Thanks!
I put up some nasty numbers at my job today. Vice president of sales took notice.
Headed to Bombs United Picnic in San Jose.
I wonder why we react to them differently than butterflies.
Clean language= clean mind
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future. ~Gail Lumet Buckley
Completed gap analysis of StratML Part 2 4 draft NIEM profile in yet to be created Planning and Accountability Domain.
“: What do you call a sexist guy who makes jokes about girls being in the kitchen? Single.”
wow that last day is killer!!
RT : um yea. I think it's the grandmother thing I'm concerned about. always says I'm old.
that's that bull shit!! Damn another person slain senselessly.. Com on man
Happy Birthday Prince!I wouldn't be able to get you anything but I'll be sure to spread the peace and wear lots of green!!
as if you didnt have any before! ha
Great pic w/44! We're cousins on my Dad's side & we haven't met, but my grandfather told me lots about you. Wanted to say hi.
What I use my phone for: Texting, Talking, & pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkward situations."
well i love them all all country artists including you and lizzie
re: prev tweet. My lunar birthday is on Chinese New Year, and I'm year of the rabbit, so those were my two signs fighting it out.
it already smells like farts again.
I'd like to pose a few similar questions: "Is grocery shopping an art?" "I'm doing my laundry... Art?"
Tech Kidds So Aggravating.
it was no dream! I've got charts showing convergence towards an optimum to prove it ;)
Guess enough and you are bound to be right once.
so just tweet me w/e your done cus im not parked in vu parking lot..
let me know if I can help! The offer is still open ;)
Great crowd at the Lorenzo Pimentel Tribute Concert at the NM National Hispanic Cultural Center.
and yes, poor ken. Pen. Haha.
I been good. when is youre spring break?
Looking forward to ’s breakfast tomorrow morning featuring ’s Jeff Light with the team!
Was just witness to nasty bicycle accident capital & oakland- old guy vs opening car door. Car door won, dazed guy in ambulance, hope h ...
R/T I wish I could keep the "other" brad mays from showing up in my Google vanity alerts. Tacky.
Just getting to this Pacer/Magic game on DVR after a day of coaching. 1st observation.. #Turkoglu is one scary dude in that mask!
I'm giving it all to the only son who gave me hope when I had none, so let the praises ring cause he is everything.
SO CLOSE!
Uncle Vic's in Elyria should have become a nation landmark, but no historical society needs to have standards on good taste!
Also, extra big thanks to those of you who not only read our awesome posts, but comment. WE LOVE THAT! <3
I was referring to his speech where he definitely sounds like a racist
I RT a lot more than I tweet.. Hm I should fix that. But I'm not going to :)
An I don't care of out comes or how you feel I just want the truth to be known.
Head to tonight for Bluegrass night I Featuring Joe Overton & Friends I 9pm
I bought an unlimited Bod Pods for a year package, so I've been going every 6-8 weeks. It really helps dial in the diet.
Nick Lachey will be the UC retweet... Who is a famous OSU person to retweet about this game?
one direction should come to chicago! #please!
putting together EPK's would love to get some stills and background footage
I'm running a 5k tomorrow morning. Took a walk on Monday and I had Subway for lunch today so it's gonna be a breeze.
Goodnite twitter :D
Health care, Osama Bin Laden, Iraq, saved the auto industry, credit card reform, don't ask don't tell, Lilly Ledbetter = #Obama 2012!!!
how much of his contract do we eat
It's five o clock in the morning, conversation got boring..
passing thru, wanted to share my latest narcissistic intro possibility, to what could be described as The Greatest Show of All Time.
Studying like a pro. Gonna show this AP exam who's boss. YEAH.
Well, it's come to this. Went to a psychic and am creeped out, yet oddly comforted. Hmh.
"if you ever leave me baby, leave sone morphine at my door." you made me leave so i had no chance to get it. sorry.
you never called me.. i would be like, 'WHADDUP BOYZ.' so yeah check yo' dms. c;
yes, this lady ranted that the govt was a dictatorship run by the internet, which knows when she is peeing.
Q-Who's your favorite musician? A-
Please follow me(: 21
That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
ayyyyyy i aint know yall had a twitter page!!
We have a serious problem with calling me hot.. I don't even take being called hot as a compliment.
Tiger Woods and Elin Nordgen have settled on a 110 million dollar divorce = 18.3 million/year. 1.5 million/month. and 50k/day. Thoughts?
r u mad at sum1
when is the next one? never know the dates to the tweetups
My question is why did Piers even have him on the show to begin with? Based on Cameron's creationist views it wouldn't be good
I read that and immediately pictured you as Bond. James (Scott Bell) Bond.
Who's excited for the #SoListen music video?
Watching bailing out the Frog Catching Dream Team. "....Liberation" Great quote by Jase.
Love this quote: "Respect is a two-way street, and deference is a dead end."
was that in the video segment? If so, I agree with your "shenanigans" call. Can't see it in the text tho.
Pep Talk of the day: "Share what you know, it just might help someone." And "Do what you can."
*"Still I Risee. Still I Fightt. Still I Mitee , Crack A Smilee , Keep My Eyes On Tha Prizee. See My Haters Tell Em Hi." *
Going over my mute list and I'm amazed by how many guilt retweet hashtags are on it. Do so many people like chain letters too?
Bubba "Masters" Watson!!! BMW.
Woo 4 more hours of work then I'm Hoping I can actually swim today!
love it. Thanks!!!
On my way to another ab fab day at work
think im rey go back to sleep in another 15 minutes.
that was really a life changing day for me. a change for the better for sure.. one more day like that and iam all good for sure
Learn how to get found by engaging in social media
One of my college profs used to recite them in what he swore was an authentic period accent. We should have an LJ group trip!
Dirty Pop.
Owner of Springfield &amp; Cape Cod Massachusetts private investigator firm announces the forming of Northeastern ...
About 18 months. Pretty much self taught. How about you?
Obama heart fags fuck that presidential bitch!!!! And fuck GAYS
oh heck no, HSS couldn't be summed up in one conversation
Meeting adjourned. Please watch your email for link to election survey.
Bust your throat wide open!
nope. RT : RT : Wait, so do men care if a female wears nail polish at all times???
Everything tastes so much freakin better when you're starving .
i find a jamaican track from 1968... what do i do?? add it to my reggae playlist? or my ska/rocksteady list??
Hi Lori. Hice Bio.. You are many things, & all good!
It does.
"death becomes her" - so good! Just watched it last night. Hilarious commentary on staying young.
At 8's request I took him to see the #Stooges. We laughed a lot!
Mark your calendars fight fans for January 29th Rocktagon is taking the MMA world by storm.
cool thanks! we're on itunes, just search mercury in summer
And we're next door to the #NTEA show. Come see us before you leave town.
you are up at 8:45?? What is wrong with you? Are you sick!?
when someone is acting really dumb and they don't know it, i tend to scratch my head idk why .___
New Aberdeen research on Business Analytics reveals #1 reason 4 it: 2 many decisions based on inaccurate / incomplete data
Time Of My Life - Bill Medley >>>>
thank you very much
ugh i hate sports BUT I LOVE THEM SO MUCH!!!!!!
U know after that you gota Post the Green Machine .... Hood (Child) Baller Version of the Big Wheel
hey people with dead body parts are people too, well sometimes they're zombies
(naturally you'd get me started on a good discussion when I'm about to be dragged away for lunch ;)
I love listening to my Disney pandora station, especially when Be Prepared from Lion King comes on.
saw your blog; ideas are free but then they're patented? its reallytricky grounds :( artist rights+legalities...
Shh... RT : When are the #grizzlies going to make Chris Paul go LEFT??
aw, you always do the same for me! Love you
So happy
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 7
Great #nybook Up on the Roof: New York's Hidden Skylines. Photos of NY rooftops & what goes on there.
Loving my pink Jackie O inspired jacket today!!
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. Margaret Cousins
You are awesome every day! I'm so glad you are part of the team and look forward to seeing you on Tuesday!
You're welcome. If you have any questions, you can always ping us :)
Dirty Crocs writing session next week?
I love dubstep in the morning. It wakes me up.
you're very welcome! thanks for doing what you do!
Thanks for the follow, Greg. Looking forward to an advertising perspective
Lebron vs. Bird
MT : Mark Cuban has a "you're fired" policy if workers try to do the wave - "I'd rather have 60m of kiss cam"
shhhh ........ don't tell Nobody ...... SON I'm feelin dat Joe! Datz wat we say in da Chi!!! U A Bad Bitch!!! Psychotic K!
ahh, damn blackberries. and yes, btw, i'm still up from 2:45am. woo.
Been preparing for the photo shoot for today. Bought a lot of new stuff to use as props too. Going to be another fun photo shoot!
ok so i think that everyone should tune in to austins ustream ! its at 6pm his time !!!!!
yeah,u welcome.Should HAVE told VINNY if he wanted to be with the BOYZ during their ABDC performance...
We're goin to have a crazy SALE coming up in about a week. Backorders are finally n.Plus getting the website updated with a few new shirts.
i thought it was the sweetest zombie film ever. Sweet as in nice and touching. I liked it, in a weird way.
Tonight 6-8pm @ Bryn Mawr School. $25 fundraiser/sneak peak at new work, catered food, drink, silent auction to benefit The Collective!
To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a crumpled-up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca Cola
Lol. There's a trick. :)
Here's to the Mahomies who can't help but smile everyday all because of Austin.<3
Sir alex is 80 years old and still dukin it out on the sideline.
Flipped a SeaDoo today. Great 4th of July!
Well idk if they're training for the purpose to SPECIFICALLY kick our ass, but I see what you're saying...
Also: Tony and Steve as Gilgamesh and Enkidu, FTW.
Game today against Austin.
A belated thnx for the #FF mentions to
Newt's about to speak.
Oh you iPhone niggas don't feel special anymore?
my friend started calling me names&saying stuff about me.Bt u taught me4it not 2 bug me cus shes only making me famous by hating
Not trying to Hate but I think the tupac hologram is beyond creepy, what's next?
Had a great Valentines Day with the boyfriend and my baby girl #Leah. Couldn't ask for anything better, (: <3
And the Madness begins! One of my favorite seasons :)
Excited to be here at #QUEST2012. About to SE my friend talk agile transformation!
longform infographic -- journalism + data. GOOD's latest issue of the economic collapse
Weather feels great
haha no problem :)
I persist on praising not the life I lead, but that which I ought to lead. I follow it at a mighty distance, crawling.
when you do the Q+A video?:)x
The biggest Klouche I've seen thus far!
I did, and it was SUPER amazeballs. And they have themed 3D glasses! I'm Thor :)
“: But what about BOOZE?” // I think our booze tax only equates to half of what we get from mining...
You'd still have to play Gay Sev. So Caps win,
Happy BirthDay MTV!
#wcphilly #day2 still waiting to start. There was some trouble connecting to the projector, but that's all fixed now.
Photography is about taking the precious moment..
#TwSIG Can customize your colors, branding your page Twitter gives you a few ways to organize. Favorites are public. Can organize users too
Yeah i know to many with degree's that can't find jobs so why waste my money, when i can make money
We are living in an unprecedented 20 year technology cycle driven by people empowered with mobile devices.
I now work out at la fitness! :))
I'm actually sick to my stomach about this Oden stuff. I just feel terrible for the guy.
have fun michael:)
Fresh cut grass >>>
okay! Did you enjoy The Emissary? And Myka?
also, i have been alternating btwn working at boxes &napping at home, with a sprinkling in of eating unhealthy food/bevs. fun!
e your here?
Im pretty sure im going to be sore tom.
Wrapped a great bonus interview w/ on the popularity of Twitter chat. You can find her chat by using hash #edchat. Get social!
Woah, is that picture really what your new hair looks like? That's awesome.
Don't worry, it's a sponsored link.. nobody actually cares.
Live and love life everyday to the fullest
Thanks for the mention &
Really think Rob Gronkowski and Hernandez are going to be mentioned alot next season, good to them
fa sho. Have a good weekend homie.
I'm bobby bird...die stuar count? Lol jp ;)
& cant stop watching cool morning luvit!!
Tomorrow never comes until it's too late.
will you please notice me ?!
Now writing "Burning meanings: Introducing the Supreme Court as practical rhetoricians" (sem paper working title)
Yes, & mine are usually form letters & twice I got a sentence or two with general negative comments.
And away they go...
Yes Pitbull, We know what you mean.
OH on Roosevelt Island "The Space Shuttle must be strong. That's a big plane it is dragging underneath"
Nothing like explaining #weightwatchers #pointplus program to my dentist and his assistant AS Im getting my teeth cleaned lol
LOVE the shot of our big crab! Thanks for coming in for lunch today on this chilly Sunday in Baltimore!
Dreaming of stumbling on to the heart of harmony on earth....:)
what's up with yesterday's pods? We're y'all there? I thought so via iheart. Hmm. Yep 80s chicks luv 'vettes! lol LB DB!
Bundle or tailor your package for your office needs? We are Experience Executives Assistant 2 help grow your
what's you wwf handle? Mine's Sharpieisme.
I love Whole Foods meat department!!! They're rubbing my steak for free!!!
Knock knock anybody there?
Morning thoughts, "Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." ~ Leon J. Suenes
Excited to officially start my new position with the #LAGalaxy! Bring on the #RedBulls! Check it on ESPN
Awweeee thanks sweetie! ;-)
Thx 4 flwng mW All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
CDs are in and getting screenprinted tomorrow!
announced new #angryasianfilmclub I'm in!
Everyone should check out our buddies Live For Tonight!
Yeahh! Hahah, thanks. =) It has just been a good night. The feeling probably won't last but I haven't felt it in so long. <3
It feels good to relax sometimes. :)
for the smile..lol
praying for rain tomorrow.
I guess I technically efiled my state for free, but I effectively paid through HR Block. Next time I will be smrtr.
Romney might have won IL but he looks terrible - the campaign is getting to 'em. He should be "good and tired" for the gen election
Next autumn, my yard is your yard!
Eric Dolphy with John Coltrane, "Impressions" www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUzFbT5JT1M
": Im so bored... Im about to take a long nap"u b bored by choice
"I've been reaching out to you for years man..." Voicemail from a salesperson on my phone. Wow, maybe I am not interested?
Way too much time remember who plays for tge
...assorted traditional Bigelow, Celestial Seasonings' Chamomile & a ball of something that might be catnip.
Follow us & our hash tag #SUinNYC 2night for a conversation with John Snow & about the economy & how far along the recovery may be
Thanks for following !
Headed to DC with my loves , , & other twitterless people
Happy Friday! Anything extra exciting on your calendar for the weekend? What are you most looking forward to?
Did I wake up in the middle of the night last night with the TV on and see on Carson Daly, or was that a dream?
Saw at the Saban Theatre last night. Stunning. I must photograph her
I hate that #RHONJ focuses so much on weight. I think she is a beautiful young woman.
In honor of Mothers day, TLHs are going to be enjoying a dinner of your Mom's meatloaf, and playing a quick set in your living room.
damn.I need to take a sick day so I can play w/yall & see 's crossover(which will probably make me sick, anyways)
it's apparently over...ended without incident.
What did you this of the Prez's #SOTU speech last night?
ya! lol yep, i do love music. :)
can u plz follow me? ur the funniest person ever, just thought u should know, if u didnt already...:)
V for Vendetta with the best boyfriend in the world. <3
I think Pasadena underestimated the power of Chinese street food, it was traffic chaos.
and i have the weirdest conversations. i love em.
I never seen a nigga so happy I was just choppin it up with a nigga fresh out the pen and homie got his head rite
TRAFFIC ALERT: ALL lanes now open 41SB at Holy Hill Road!!! Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Home Loans from
In North Memphis.
if i could i would! they love u and u love them and most of all i trust u damn u come back lol
Denzel Washington is the man
but I'm wearing my sissy's graduation cap...that's gotta count for some cute points
AW come to the Jezabels concert at First Ave tonight!!!!
thanks, Joe.
please notice me!!! please 5
I Love You<3
We have a few specials: Arroz con Pollo Steak Fajitas Pasta Fajiole soup See you for lunch....
You are very welcome! I miss you too lets hang soon!
"War Games" is being remade. QUESTION: Is Hollywood out of ideas?
-- Great and far too often ignored #mindfulness advice regarding #sleep! #mindful #relaxation :)
I cannot BELIEVE that #rhubarbvirgin isn't trending. I think we should all resolve that by putting it into at least one tweet this evening.
likewise, I recognized your name and found out we work together. Looks like you work with Anne?
(bryan) Want to thank everyone for all the kind words for Ksenia. She's taking a couple of months off for her health...
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market is going on right now! Please stop by before 8 pm to show your support for the market! :)
24<U+2033> Storage Hutch – Series A Pewter Collection – Bush Office ...
I can only imagine what your boobs look like floating amongst the bubbles!
And their sons. Don't forget them!
Film financing forum at WIFTA - brain food for dreams.
Attempting to get back on board with all of my social networking. Making a whole-hearted effort this time around!
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport, and your abs of steel set them off.
RT : Nowadays it's like people say "I love you" just like they say "Hello"........
RT : Kylah is 8 lbs 5 oz and 20.5 inches long. She might have more hair than me. [Congratulations!]
Thanks! Check out # too!
pop chips nice lol
Our annual Composer Alive commission this year goes to Canadian composer Omar Daniel. He'll be writing for the full Palomar ensemble.
So many cool people at #smcnsb! and more I have yet to see!
Make sure you and your friends follow us for all your shopping and savings needs.
We've got a new music video coming out in the next week or two
amen to that.
On Twitter At School N' Shit .
that's easily the best 'cry for help' tweet I've read in a while.
I'm determined to make this summer fun like last summer even with all my classes I have to take.
Join me in
Or rather, I wouldn't have photoshopped them OUT!
pretty sure I only tweet when: a) going to/at a conference, b) I need help/motivation, c) it's my birthday, or d) I'm bored (in that order)
When YOU know better... YOU do better...
HAPPY FRIDAY!: we will announce the GMF lineup here through-out the weekend! To start: Fatal Lucciano!Tea Cozies!Webelos!Suntonio Bandanaz!
#trueorfalse, everytime I hear #dondraper say his wife's name on #madmen I pretend it's ME rolls off the tongue nicely...
Follow me and I'll follow back I promise and give u a shut out
Niggas hate when you doing you
justin trust me we wont mind if u put all 30 songs (: pleasee
Woodland vs. La Center golf at Tri-Mountain postponed due to inclement weather and greens under water.
Hey what chair you get?!?!?
Thanks for the retweet. I'm having nightmares reading today's newspapers.
When I pay for my groceries and the cashier hands me the receipt I like to smile and say "this will all be poop soon"
very true!
Four most important words in social media: "thank you" and "I'm sorry".
- that would be awesome!
Spoke with Jeff and he's a nice guy in a tough spot. Not really his choice to censor. /rant over back to making TPE great.
you've inspired me to get my act together and start blogging.
GOTTA GIVE DA PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT
too bad I got it off today :)
Lol people who name their kid sawyer.
once again Thank You! See you tomorrow for the opening of #DomesticDisobedience!
City Council pos. 1 up for reconsideration vote: Mo Classen or no endorsement.
Pinterest for health winner on this board for sure. Excited to see it grow!
The Iron Lady exceeded any expectations in every incredible way! Meryl Streep...you! Are! Incredible!
I love elevators but dislike the people that ride them with me.
your so pretty follow me plzs
We try to use twitter, but we (me) haven't got a system to stay on top of it! We are trying!! :)
Bomb squads must love Daylight Savings Time because of the extra hour they get before the bomb explodes.
when my sister finally follows me >>>>>>>>>>
So Im bored :(
From my memorable summer of '76: Frampton's "Do You Feel Like We Do.".
Hello Joby folks. Does the Yogi work with the new iPad (3)?
Can we all agree to start using the words "moonish," "moonshiny," and "moon-like" a little more?
I voted!
First class #relationships never come from second-hand treatment!
If you could take me on a date, what would we do? Dinner and a movie doesn't count!
Dear media members who label scandals with the suffix, "gate". Watergate happened 40 years ago. Let's move on and improve our creativity.
We are basically making this week Concert T-shirt week. And I'm cool with it! shirts tomorrow:):)
so , yours nastier . Thats to to nasty tho !
Wow it's pretty funny how one day someone is talking so much crap about someone calling them raggidy and fat and trash and the next
Del. Frank Turner says under the House version of this bill, the PG casino could not open until 2017
we shall let you know when something confirms!
there are queens on some American money too
Haters get no money!! Wereing about other people, get no where!! lol
Ohh Noo #Mack got a flat #Butlers in trouble...
why you call me ma'am ! I not old -.-'
40th Anniversary WDW #Vinylmation are at Epcot. Haven't seen them anywhere but DStreet previously.
Wings and More
In literally the worst mood
Were on live....
The currency of creativity is content.
Planes + cell phones. Sad for the lady who's doctor found "something" and need to do tests. Even more sad rows 28 - 16 heard about it too.
Do you think at ANY point during the season VY will start for the #Bills?
prom committee meeting...
Gathering some new Karaoke songs.
The Alfac duck said it's Bubble Wrap Appreciation Day. I don't know if he made that up or not, but I support it.
We sure do appreciate the kind words!
Digitalmedia is whereengagingmedia messaging lie. How can brands connect tousers in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofit?
yup! I'm in south philly...you?
HOW DID ONE DIRECTION COME UP?
I myself prefer my Raspberry Lemonade Blast
But he is better then the whole Cavs starting lineup lmao
Nothing's fine, I'm torn... <3
+1 RT : those were not the odds I was looking for.
According to astronomy, when you "wish upon a star" you're a few million years late. The star is dead. Just like your dreams.
thank you so much! It means the world to us. Do you have any of our music?
thank u sweetheart!
Exactly 2 weeks from today I will be FREE from Winter Quarter! Can't wait to relax for a week!
Why me
I hope Craig Mack is getting paid for that McDonald's commercial, but probably not, considering it's an instrumental
Thank you so much! =)
Going to see Van Halen tonight. And will be saying "WHAT?" a lot tomorrow since I will be partly deaf.
A boy just ask me was I the heart breaker type, because I am very pretty lol :-)
Hey girl, you should go check out this new AMAzing #boyband They are bringing #realmusic back :)
PS check out on instagram for graduation photo ideas. Username "advising."
Mrnin world up handling business b4 wrk wat a great day
what u doing
I could say something gross about lube but I won't. XD
nothing in the SF Valley
And a very special thank you back to you. Thanks for your support. Means a lot!
Barkley still clowning 'big women' in San Antonio...Comedy!! "Everything's Bigger in Texas"
If you're AVB at Chelsea, here's your only hope to keep your job: Clean house in Jan, Salvage Top 4 spot and maybe make Champs League run.
hee. yes!!! you'll have to put her on your list of people/animas (same thing?) to hang out with before you leave....
i guess if you're clearn shaven you deserve a sail boat?
its bout turn up time now tho
Bringing back
Now black ops 2 looks fucking dope<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
That is amazing! If there is anything I can do to help - let me know!!!
Jason Heyward Highlights
Happy Thanksgiving SL nation!
Did he pick... GOLD?
has 2 great programs 4 Individual Artists, on #Grantseeking & #FiscalSponsorship today. Anyone going?
Every time a business Twitters about how much fun it is at one of their promotional events, Gandhi gets drug into hell for ten minutes.
Can't wait for the 20 hours of exams next week
…Some ideas: Personal 3D printing & the solid modeling apps it will spawn. Cutting out more middle-men (a la Square & Über)…
we shall see. Why haven't you watched it?
cd borrow trade with the bff
Aw! What a sweetheart!
No matter how many different ways I tilt my head and cross my eyes, you don't look like Thor. Nothing like Thor. Wait, where are you going?
whats good D im happy you on the pack..i know your gonna be a beast back they gotta get you tha ball Be safe and good luck
“: wuts the word fellas...” band practice!
Yup, that's what it's all about... RT control and data
What a weekend! Gearing up for a September of great events, and packing up the summer whites. Do you wear white after Labor Day?
Happy birthday ! Love you (: !
#IlikeObamacare because I am a sheep who believes any bleating from lawmakers who say they are looking out for the common good.
we are tweeting from
but, Lynn, it IS important. People should know that they don't have to wash their jeans!!
As the lead photographer for Santa Fe Style, has been a major contributor to monographs on many preeminent architects
Cañon City High School students receive NRCS award
Best hangover cure is another cold one with a twist of lime and some hot sauce :D
could use some advice for my kid in Jrs if you have the time
*gasp* Your hair! You didn't tell us (me and Special K) about your big plans!
hey! It's going petty good. How are you?! Please tell me that is not your butt.
Stoked to finally be watching Game of Thrones. I'm loving the books, so here's hoping the show does them justice :)
Is pool the source of the event or is it an argument for fn?
About to watch CSI: NY! :)
Ppl think I'm mean they ain't met Bianca !
ahahah ok i will! I never have the volume on aha its weird! He better call lol
What kind of music do you like?
i sprain my ankle today in gym and i started crying then the school made go home and rest then i come back in an hour and had a MAP testing
You gonna run with me in hoopla next year?
Yes, great article in ! ps, love the Magic Mouse, especially with iOS5.
love and miss you!! everything okay?? <3
Patiently waiting for album... patients is a MUST!!!!!
Pacquiao agreed to being drug tested... What's stopping Mayweather now? Lmfao
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 2
Everything happens for a reason. No matter how big or how small.
happy birthday! Been a fan since your y.lions days, and was lucky enough to see you play 5 completely different shows in 2010
awe sent the bait my all natural pic and he said i was adorable all natural <333333
Do you use a twitter desktop app?
which link do I click
feel better!:)
but dick and cart jokes will always be funny. Just sayin.
Give our website a shot. We have quick fill scholarships and can pair you with sships that you're most likely to win.
Welcome to Austin! Great city and home to lots of hardware geeks.
He who stops being better, stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
Just so I know, what kind of HDD is your 320gb? Make, model, etc.
that's not a dm so ill delete it for you ! Haha :)
Went to my first hockey game, hung out with my best friends, & got my mom drunk enough to roll down the hill at don and Millie's
Hey gotta go talk to you later
RT - #JobsRickRossHadBeforeRapping water boy for the miami dolphins
Time to kick butt on this final
Easter egg tipis!
Amen to the leggings statement in your bio. We see so many of those felonies every day in NYC. Yikes!
ARE YOU GUYS AWARE OF 's sales right now for #PutItDown? So what y'all gon do to push this to number1 international
I should be working on my essays, but I am being a procrastinator and just sitting here watching a dvd. :/
Good morning good #tea people! One step, whether made in a sneaker or a stiletto, is progress.
nite twitter ppl z...z....z !!! id love to wake up to more followerz lolz
who writes their sorority sign in to the sand? #lame. Learn how to party.
Thanks from everyone here for all the cool stuff from the Vaultz Vaults!
I love napping with Malcolm! He is so sweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
He really is so awesome. I need to go ahead and make that Gay for Dbelt t-shirt
Good morning World! I only have one day left until my english project is due :/ I havn't even started it yet! wow school sucks
#Operationrepo = chill time
That's good to hear. When's the big day for the op?
I had lunch detention and we usually only have to clean a couple tables but he made me clean every single table infront of everyone wahhhh
Scouting event locations today for The Big Green - sustainable music festival.
Trying to catch up on potential Oscar candidates. Next up is (500) Days Of Summer :)
We would never leave completely. Working on 3-year plan all is on the table to keep movement alive&funded
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: At least he's not taking birth control pills.
Liberty got unearned run in top half of fifth on reached strikeout, error, sac bunt and sac flyout.
I love you
Ya know what I don't even give a shit anymore
Give Ron Artest a damn technical! The refs likes to kiss the Lakers ass too much not to give it to him.
How long have you been on it? Is this your first time?
One today is worth two tomorrows, HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY ! haha, finally legal! ;)
why are u at the hospital love .. and im in the computer lab doing homework ... are u ok?
Thanks! RT : You can always check & see what people are saying on #Yelp!
Fat girl problems...my life story
Thanks Mr. reality star! ;) RT : #highfive "like a boss" lol
OMG ITS CHRISTMAS
Last tweet can be attributed to Weezy
i am extra lost where this comin fun
Indiana basketball is back!
thanks for that one :)
Don't tell me if I'm dyin, cause I don't wanna know.
Who gives a flying fuck if they're respected by Tami? I mean, is that something you'd put on your résumé?
It's 2012. This sexism thing is getting old.
Is Transcribing Rob Balducci's Rock House DVD Tabs
This class is so boring I hate dry teachers
looks great.
Has anyone seen my pitching wedge?
meanwhile, Dexter Fowler walks to lead off the 8th, with CarGo and Tulo licking their chops
I AM SO SO LUCKY
I use my washingmachine more efficiently; minuscule particles of cloth, with acryl & polyether, end up in the ocean
stay up late, but what time u be going to bed ??
If someone would like to come hang out with me tomorrow morning while I get ready, that'd be great. Lol
hey justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com !
mellow brown ale. Not hoppy in the least. Tasty all the same.
Duke finally drinking the look aid of players that are all about "me" and not about team. And I'm a Duke fan.
In my high school computer lab. Getting work done before the game. ...and that's why im on twitter
Don't forget to make it over to Stella Restaurant tonight for dinner prepared by Guest Chef Anthony Ambrose!!
arlen specter channeling groucho marx: "those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well, I have others"
Looks delicious! Thanks for including us in your Mother's Day plans!!
if you have a dream and you believe in yourself, you should follow us!
Its been a good day I will have put in 48 hours this week after today
That first love is the sweetest, But that first cut is the deepest.
I was basically the only person not smoking. I now smell like a human ash tray.
This is great race in st.pete
But then Klout would be biased towards Facebook when its supposed to capture overall social media impact. Am I wrong?
"Last week I played a Duran Duran album backwards, and do you know what happened? Nothing!" - I WAS A TEENAGE ZOMBIE
no comment
"Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!" Looking forward to Talkn' TEA!
still better than Sendek
:-) maybe. I've got 3 cover videos coming up soon. You're gonna be surprised
#fosterthepeople were made for radio
When Steinbeck’s "The Grapes of Wrath" was published in 1939 it was burned in Kern County, CA, where the story took place.
WIOW... Churches are now a target for thieves! Only in the 956!! SMH!!
you forgot about me a long time ago. so why am i still following you?
and be sure to follow us for the many more coming up.
RT : Remember that time UNC beat Notre Dame? Yeah, me too.
#goodmorning Tweethearts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> Hoping for a great week!
Getting my Coolers Ready for Gasasperella....If you don't know, Google it
Just in from HBO: S5 of "True Blood" to premiere June 10 at 9pm. New drama "The Newsroom" (from Aaron Sorkin) bows June 24 at 10pm.
Someone just told me I should wear a #jockstrap during my FF draft tonight. Will this bring me luck? Inside or outside my jeans?
or for those using hubot, "hubot pug me"
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather #Columbus!
The just started! Tune in to see him interview Susan Saladoff, director of
Am I a true friend?
I can't fuck with hoe niggas, I can't trust these hoes either
thanks for following Please Hold.
Life's short so enjoy it & stop bitching!
"This jetta made the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs."
when do you have finals? The week of June 18th?
's answer today? Pimm's cup. MT Serving Mint Juleps for the derby, Tequila for #CincodeMayo, Or both? Margajulip?
Vegas can't handle bounties unless they dial them up
Enjoy. I'm having my first in just a few hours. This is going to be a fun week!
It's beer-thirty.
I like them i106 put us on this special list because they didnt have the tickets in on time so they're giving us something extra
I'm Frazier Crane... and I'm listening. “: Kevin Holden ladies and gentlemen, well said.”
Might as well buy a DSLR at that point. ;-)
Can't believe people have the balls to talk like that not knowing you. You have my respect, a genuine dude from what I see.
beadle looks hungover
#WelcomeToSeattle Where apathy rules and passive agressive behavior is an art.
I don't care what you say. No MMA fight is more exciting and nerve racking than an NHL power play.
i wish guys would just get the balls already and ask me on a date... shesh!
Glass/TAL's credulity also says a LOT re: we consume narratives based what we want to believe. Highlighting risk of artistic license.
Thanks for United Way's #leadership in Southeast #Michigan on childhood #hunger and school meals. We're honored to partner.
LetrasLatinas Or am I supposed to put that "@" at the beginning?
I'm getting new headshots.
Some in #GOP think the tax discussion is a "distraction". Where were they during the birth certificate debate?!
"After Saying Mitt Can't 'Beat' Obama, Bachmann Endorses Candidate" #huffpost She alter endorsed Thomas Dewey
Digital collections make my head hurt. I'm definitely more of a papers-in-a-box kind of archivist.
I wish I could rewind time :(
Takeaways: I can't do it all, I'll pick 2 things to focus on each year. Progress will come. Take the long view.
Officers working a stand off in the 2100 block of Lawry. PIO Coon is en-route to that location and will provide further shortly.
5'11 is my height and imma use all of my might .
We are so #thankful for all of our the TR supporters! Thank you
korver is starting
#ItsHardTo Let Go & Move On if u see this person everyday.
I'm a little more optimistic
fine. I'm hungry. Feed me.
So true
Uhh my stupid twitter app keeps messing up
I guess any MF w a laptop can call themselves a dj, but if u can't scratch you're just a glorified button pusher. Good job.
Following the tweets from #infocamp Sounds like a super interesting unconference!
LOL!! Duck: A word that is 75% obscene
how can you be the same age as your father? lol
can I get a Birthday RT from the best WR in the game?!?!
children of Gen X are the digital natives.
You know the spazzzz will find jobs also before Nov 2012
I can serve tables and educate you about mexican food.
..why do you follow men's humor?
headed to another party first but will stop by cheez later
I just tried to talk like Mickey Mouse for the kid. I sounded like Michael Jackson.
Think Like A Man = TOO FUNNY!
we need to get you in some music videos
Ive walked more around vegas in last 4 days than 2 months in Tampa. lol
good morning cody(:
,you do realizie im the captian of the the yankjs
I got my course card for next year, and im in classes i didnt even want -.-
Feeling under the weather? I know a place with great comfort food! Hint, hint (It's Tgs!)
I always played with my black GI Joe just a little bit longer just so nobody thought I was racist...
I kno but you didnt read the tweet properly..
it's alright. just going to school, trying to get my shit together.
Jeff Goldbulm is on the view talking about being on Glee.
I got your back. We gone get through this. And they are boys!
BTR best music group - no. -_-
Like the look of #Edmodo, any suggestions as I branch out on my own?
Frick Environmental Center is holding Pittsburgh's 2012 Earth Day Celebration today from 11:30am-4:00pm. Enjoy a nature-oriented day...
RT : How many weight watchers points is a horse?
maybe you should pay attention more.
Happy Friday ! Yankees win... daaaaaaa Yankees win !!
what is the rainiest place in the world? i want to live there.
It's a yucky gray day in Austin. The weather isn't much different than London, but isn't here so it's miserable.
dumbfounding. What better gift than an audition and a chance for a job?!?
For 30 year fixed mortgages, there is a clear line of demarcation between 4.625% and 4.75%.
I've talked to him before too. He told me to use a condom while fucking the creator of minecraft.
I wonder if Roc got his drum set?
They about to get 100 before the end of the third
Fighting the good fight aint easy!
Cummin out IM GAY
Jessie lived because he put his seatbelt on at the last second
NBA gets real tomorrow night!!! Cant wait
The ones mired in bureaucracy and butt covering will inevitably sink in the rankings
Happy Monday people!!
I like exercise. I like a healthy body. Erin Gray
Major award for The Holocaust Survivors Justice Network--one of five national Pro Publico Awards from the American Bar Association.
#BB13 This is getting good…
& are the difference this year for the Spurs in the Playoffs!
Reading the hunger games for the 19th time lol woohoo
So great to see you too! Didn't get to nap that much, but that's ok! Hope the rest of your day was good!
I hope that the man, a local biz owner in the d-sho, who sold me my house fully knowing all the issues that it has gets a karma payback....
Dam so many cool pple calling my phone.. Nihki come here Nihki go there.. loll
Support your locally owned & operated Reno computer Co. Better service & faster response times. Help support CREDO by Re-tweeting. ^jl
I'm there at lest 8 x year, HUGE #smcsea fan!
love your avi
we're happy to see Discovery up close- but my little guy is TICKED he can't be an astronaut, so he's decided to be prez. 1st
is funny as hell lol im watching all of his vids
hello justin but often
Someone get me an XBL key.
what Carly?! (:
she is flawless! You can't lie, her and I would make some really beautiful children.
I got a idea lol
lol, me too.
Happy bday homme. Hope u enjoy ur day and live to c many more.
Heading up to O & 23rd NW in DC to set up cheering station for - Stop by for a bit or stay all day - I'll be there 9-3pm!
They're all posted on our FB page under Events. I'll list u, just lmk !! Also, we want to play on ur cruise !! haha
Tillman with the interception of the year
I wish I had your motivation. Currently I'm using the "Gym is too expensive excuse" right now. it's working.
More purple in LA? Damn :-|
thanks for the follow & adventurous journey!
hahah 30 reasons not to marry before 30? oboy.. thats a book to check out. mind giving a sneak preview of your thoughts ? : )
Perfect night on Osteria patio
Easter eggers, known for bluish-green eggs. They're surprisingly easy to take care of. I'll give you the 411 if you want.
I want nonnas. :(
this house smells like . . . ughh
I think it means you've drawn an arbitrary line between one area of your aesthetic cognition and another.
DANG why do I have to work today?! :-/
as a whole, yes. Chopped liver. We can do better.
but now I wear Nike stability and they're like clouds
i will work 4 a peice of the pie!!
hyphenated for life
look at you throwing out the knowledge ;)
- Always glad to hear from our customers! Let us know if you ever need anything in the future––logo, graphic or web design!
FAIL chicagotribune.com/crashvictims doesnt work on the save20 blackberry - links to breaking news
What did you think about Jimmy Fallon as Bowie?
Keep up the great martial arts work! Get ready for free video in the next tweet; join us in the ATL.. www.battleofatlanta.info
that's cool.
how do I sign this petition to get the show back?! Too sad to see it go! Great show
thank you. you want to start thinking Mich/Det happy hour in DC? how many people you think you can get?
I refuse to call ron artest "metta world peace"....I mean jus hearing it makes me think this dude gets high off his own supply smh
That is a great point and will be interesting to watch. I agree though, hope they can get it back on. Would be real fun.
Let's go Lobo mens soccer team!
any way to embed SSL-enabled widgets? tried just rewriting the URL at https address; it plays but chrome shows as insecure
Now people dnt wanna asnswer the phone...
why the fuck is Joel Osteen watching The Voice? wait, why the fuck am I watching The Voice???????
Thanks I love hello kitty:)
thanks for the network! "follow bak
How exciting!!! Will you be at the golf outing tomorrow?
This nation will remain the land of the free as long as it is the home of the brave.
Drinking before noon!
#haha you're such an idiot. #gocats pool after work tomorrow!!
RT : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.
You'll have to forgive us, just realized - GASP - we weren't following you back. That has been remedied. Love your site!
Shit is finally about to get real at the #BGC8 reunion!! Love going to see Erica get put in her place, and Camilla beat Elease's ass!
Rick Perry trending
Augu 30 Le Peep Lunch Specials...your choice of Sante Fe Chicken & Black Bean Salad or Bagel Breakfast Sandy w/drink for only $6.99
God gave me you.<3
Haha! RT : So you bitch to Drew about how she's the same every week...might I suggest a ballad for your "boy" Astro
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND LETS GET HER PAST 300?!
Taliban considers U.S Marines peeing on dead deplorable, its ok to blow up a live person in a room filled of children though.
thanks for following me :)
Wow. When Visual Studio 2008 decides, "It's gonna be funky in the editor," it's *really* going to be funky. Tab key doesn't work? Really?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
new record for weekly profits this week. SOLID.
I brought Gville tonight It's bring the sounds from Orlando hottest Friday spot Roxy
Man i seen real steal lastnight n im still thinkn bout it
Wishing everyone a beautiful weekend full of good surprises and lotsa laughter.
Let the games begin
national kiss day, aka spreading mono!
Some people have asked about a hard copy CD, they are now available on amazon. MP3 versions are available on amazon and Itunes!
What that bitch TELLING u that I ain't already DONE hahaha
must be nice! <3 you coming over tonight for the meeting? =]
Sounds great! We have done hot pretzels, or mini hot tacos, donuts, etc. So good!
Is this a policy debate or competition to decide who has met most "minority people" or oddballs of Britain in last 2 weeks?!
I usually alternate reads between fiction and non-, but if my TBR pile ever topples, I'll be buried in historical fiction.
What kind of tires are you running on your touring bike. And how often do you have to replace them?
Kanye, you're going to be my new BFF. See you tonight with Jay-Z at MSG and tom at the VSecret runway show with Nicki Minaj.
Heard the new Sleigh Bells and I can't wait for the full album!
you too!
Check my blog TeenKillers.com for the latest teen murders and the latest school shooter video game. Craziness!
Funeral in the AM
- Welcome RjLA! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
In Music Meeting- Breaking Benjamin “Lights Out”1st real rock song of the meeting and it had to be this?!! bad
Girls you can't complain about guys only caring about boobes, when you use them for free drinks, tickets, skipping lines, EVERYTHING!
The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 8-11pm! Support local music!
Fab. Only now, upon getting home after work, do I notice I've been wearing brown shoes & a black blouse all day. Go me.
If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having. ~Henry Miller
And When u heard the end result I told it was not my fault, If u were here more of the day....!!!!
q, sent u a email. Did u get it? Not sure I used the right email
Reading the "Vagabond" by Bernard Cornwell on the
I need some books on tape for all these long drives
Come see the two new Penthouses at The Edge Condominiums on the river next to Lakefront Brewery. Amazing Views! Amazing Decks!
: thank you! Feeling very blessed by a great God! ;)
Eric Bledsoe killing on both sides of the court
how were we not following each other??
we use webtrends
Ppl keep telling me I am gettn skinny...i dont see it...but the scale say I lost tho...
Just got a new student. Just now. May 14.
just keep tuning in and hopefully you will win!
Listening to #MiAmor <U+2665>. Miss this song so much :')
Sex is just another form of talk, where you act the words instead of saying them.
Martinsburg, WV - Come stop by for a tan!
One word to the people I don't like graduating....
Flowers! Sunflowers (for me :) )
Seriously, if they add more people when the seniors graduate Glee... You will piss me off.!
Your so amazing my love <3
": missing u like crazy.. Can't wait to hang!!" Miss you too!!! I know me either
Bo *Throws ah tomato at that hoe*
Jermaine Jackson shot a video this week for Blame it on the Boogie, a 1978 song recorded by The Jacksons.
True, but note City favored deferred comp over current bc cheaper now, count on growth to cover later.
i wanna see this damn video (:
Hahahaha but it's not IN my nose :|
WHO's going to SecureWork in San Francisco (Feb 27 – March 2)?!
James Lipton! James Lipton! James Lipton! James Lipton! Inside the Actors Studio on The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell.
Why math... why
Agreed. Have a couple of other scripts I could have pitched instead, but Devil's Due has a clean, fast concept.
I'll be sitting right behind you - don't forget me!
you're a moron... He didnt make it legal... He said he supported it. Read more than a headline
I just went on an RT overload. Sorry there was a lot of content I enjoyed.
Yes--enjoyed it! (Get ready for feminist rage, though.)
so... you actually met aziz?
Touchdown Cinema (:
Too cold to mow. Too cold to ride. So laundry, chess, Stella, and pizza it shall be.
Quick: can anyone point to research that shows connecting classrooms globally is detrimental to teaching & learning?
I am next.
are you in love. Your tweets have been quite deep lately
But if this was a movie you'd be here by now....
#RedSox #MLB RT : Saltalamacchia blocks home plate beautifully to allow Daniel Nava to gun down Jack Hannahan on a single to left.
which one??
Please follow for information on my upcoming shows.
absolutely. PTSD reaches beyond military soldiers. The same disorder affects many adults who had to be soldiers as kids.
He tweeted it out saying that he was. I say we let him play o-line and block or db and swat deep passes.
the excitement in our office right now about is unreal.
oh and if Westbrook is going to make a ridiculous percentage from outside like he did in the first half it's tougher
"johnny's in the basement mixing up the medicine I'm on the pavement thinkin' about the goverment" Bob Dylan 47 ago, and I'm still thinking
« I don't brag because I hate braggers just don't brag and no one will bag keep it to yourself unless someone asks ok? K(;»
Froggy Friday has arrived. Bang the drum!
RT : Antigravity Yoga! Where have you been all my life? Upside down always wins!
Book your Gold Party Now! www.thegoldpartypeople.com
just landed a second job... Damn straight
what the &#%@? just when i start getting my twitter game on, the list of tweeters i'm following has zeroed out. anyone else experience this?
Silke It is!!! We trying to link our twitter and facebook together did you get this tweet twice?
Those girls who make fun of duck faces on facebook, who then proceed to make their twitter avi a duckface picture... #seriously ?
how many times will Rex Ryan say sorry to #Tebow for using God's name in vain?
Happy Valentines Day!
Parents tell you not to talk to strangers but encourage you to make friends.
I shall see what I can do :)
I don't want to be a Disagreeing Danny, but Toby Keith is a pothead Obama supporter. he's okay by me.
Santa just sang to us at Brio bar in Vegas. Just hot cocoa for him, despite my peer pressure. If you stop believing, you stop receiving.
RT : Live your dream not your backup plan!
hi im kristina but my friends call me jesse can u folloe me
I do believe in killing the messenger, you know why cause it sends a message
Just take my money, Silversun Pickups.
that's about as cool as being full blooded french.
Question of the day: How many breaths have you taken in anger because of an event or person? How many have you taken in love or...
fact: I was going to have ice cream anyway.
I guess I'm old when I look out at the dance floor at country line dancing and think, "She needs a more supportive bra."
I'm about to get fired LOL at your RHOA video. You are crazy and yes gawd you need your own show
Wow I had a bunch of girls unfollow me and bitchy guys who don't like rejection..go figure
yeah , one man drinking games fuckig tore me up thinking of past relationships
That awkward moment when you’re lying on your back texting and your phone suddenly decides to be all ninja and kick you in the face.
Haven't had an all-nighter in a good while!
I am working on a teleseminar for parents homeschooling kids: Homeschooling: Raising Kids Who Succeed. Homeschoolers look for more info.
": I need to remind myself, if it is supposed to happen, it will."
don't tell me what to do rofl :)
Our webmaster is a writer for She's always looking to cover stories about animal charities. Contact her.
I need a girl who can sing to get on this last joint! Hmu!
I'm too tired for Fancy Friday. It's frumpy Friday for me! Haha.
: Oh, I've been up and at 'em for awhile now. I just... other stuff > Twitter, generally.
The #DSK maid. Do you believe her? I do.
Summer is back with a vengeance.
And that was ultra gay. Hahahaha
thank you for your quick response. I just realize my e-mail was written in such a rush! Hope you can forgive me. Thanks again!
is on the way to the mtn.
interesting post, but the advice about keywords in meta descriptions is almost 10 years out of date...odd.
Such a good criminal minds
no RTing Tweets.
You guys. The spa pedicure with hot stones at Melting.
We can be "Zeke & the Crazy Duke...baseball talk with an attitude, albeit a plesant one!" RT : why not "Zeke"?
just showed up on my dad's MLB Lite twitter feed for the #Brewers! He is so excited!
That didn't make sense
Does anyone have a polaroid camera that we can borrow for one day for a music video shoot?
what is there to stress about?!
When you can't keep your eyes open in study hall but you have soo much to do<U+E13C><<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Giants cover, Ravens cover and go over Gearing up for college games tomorrow, but so far this weekend have been #printingmoney 13-2
We're growing our followers list. To do so we'll be un-following some of those that don't follow back. Please follow back or Adios Muchacho!
pictures please :)
I dont want to go to work. #funemployment?
Still need a last-minute gift? We are open all day today! 10% off all bikes!
You know what I just realized? I probably should have heard something about my AHIP renewal months ago. Huh.
That steering wheel is a suduko puzzle
My tattoo artist Lainey is a mf Boss
Taking the case off my phone makes me feel like I have a new phone
Never set up meetings/interviews with anyone from Vegas in July/August. Everyone's on vacation until September. Usually Del Mar or Hawaii.
Bakersfield takes the lead 71-69 against Idaho!
ya, and they gave me a dollar tip..... Haha
In school using phone
Burger King delivers in DC now.
DAMN IT JUST STARTIN POURING LIKE A MUG...
Evan Friesen, pitching for Fennimore, gave up first hit to lead off hitter in 2nd inning, a booming double to left field by Nick Mohlman.
You can now pay as little as $1000 to someone to commit #cybercrime says
good call. Cartoony hair is nearly unmanageable (so I've been told).
Agh Yes, I dont know how to fix it. I'm Twitter-Illiterate!
arguing!! The dumbest shit ever lol
Our next Tequila Dinner will be Friday Dec.2!!!! Start making your reservations NOW...................
what I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall at or analyst whose data calls for one of those shoots.
Listening to video games #Montevista pretty sick
On our way to #sf. Hoping to survive the drive
yep back monday
Editing, editing, editing here :) RT : Writing writing writing, getting into the #Monday groove :-)
Friday cannot come soon enough RT : One of the new menu items at Camden Yards this year is a thick slice of bacon on a stick
I just commented on the texture of the chicken wings. Clearly I've been watching too much Travel Channel...
stuck in some musical solitude right now. need to jam out with actual humans in the same room!!
Ugh why did I have to see that tweet: (
GWallace was my favorite blazer!! Season tix next year? I think not.. Looks like 3 more years of rebuilding.. Awesome!!!
The closer graduation gets, the more excitedscared I get!
Twitter #librarians: What's the deal with Avon historical romances? Do you stock these? Are they printed by the makeup company?
Tickets start at $80.
no chorizo, rice was underneath and we had to settle for wine - what do YOU know about paella, hmm?
When I sneeze, my dog looks at me with seemingly great concern that my head might explode. One of these days it just might.
Ah why did I sell my coachella ticket
I've seen transformers a bunch of times but I wouldn't mind watching it again with hosting it <3
Two auditions tomorrow. Gotta get some shut eye so I can rock 'em!
"Kind words do not cost much, yet they accomplish much!"
#boyzhithsakeitup just saw my BOYZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ah tht was a great I loved it!!!
New Years is the only time dropping the ball is considered a good thing. Stay on the ball with your goals this year!
Hey, people who wear their headphones in the grocery store to avoid any & all human contact whatsoever, we didn't want to talk to you anyway
#Aztecs move back ahead of byu in both polls (6/7 to 8). Meaning? TCB in Vegas this week gets Anaheim Region (West). Who's off to Vegas?
hahaha, one of my friends JUST said she thought it was beautiful out that way, but she wishes there was more Chocolate ppl. lol
pet peeve = any version of coercion from a "post this if you agree" meme. It's emotionally expulsive and inconsiderate.
The fuck? So what happens if the dad dies?? Do you get rid of the child too since it will be a "statistic"???
yes you do! I'm not going to play these games w/ you
i wonder what's going to be at sorin today?
Leaving texas was the best thing tht happend my career got bigger always put a smile on ur face cuz u never know if u wil see ur new maneger
The Men Who Stare at Money
When does the new single and cd drop?
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
i certainly can't afford one. Work it and let others admire from afar
Eh, The Hound doesn't get much screen time, and Tarly is too much of a softy for me.
eh..typo..dont get distracted. Stay the goal.
Love what is doing for our #Vegas community. Let's show the world how #green & happy Vegas can be!
And Food sponsor! MT : RU going to be attending May Social Media Breakfast?
Well, I got 1D on my computer...Hm...:) #AlwaysTheBestMedicine x
Just tapped Great Divide's Espresso Yeti.
Don Peck of : Silver lining of recessions is that they tend to spur a burst of innovation.
This Morning I'm Thankful that Wrinkles don't hurt.
why so quiet, katherine?
thanks for the follow my gosh you are beautiful!
Kiss of death
Goodmorning Austin how r u today?and can u follow me please?!:)
Some states criminalize Good Samaritan laws.
Yup, here in Vegas ... Working my little arse off ;)
Might as well add the Costco Snack Bar to your gourmet list.
Haha y am am I just now seeing this
LOL <3 WE GONNA FIGHT LOL ME AND YOU WHO GONNA WIN ?? ME
I finally found love! Page 146 in the dictionary.
Woot! Way to go, on the pole! [Uncontrollable Beavis and Butthead laughter.]
goddamit crazy day
I just watched the lay it on me video in my car & it occurred to me that my homegirl really resembles her ...
good night =)
unbelievable stat
#RickyKingOfSwag hi love, how's your day going? :)
I just love Megan's pants.
thanks for the follow!
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
good still busy with work lol. Have u played the new final fantasy
So apparently its cool for men to wear tank tops now...
Anyone recommend google apps for business?
Msg me for info
Exhausted from a GREAT NIGHT!!! What can I say... i have the BEST #SUMO FRIENDS!
since different games appeal to different ages, is there any discussion about creating versions to target different ages?
you have kids?
Might sound crazy but I can't wait to start takin classes for my major !
hey said there was a switched a birth movie in one of her tweets is this true or not?
problem w. these other niggas they aint ever real.
Man have you been banned from Morning_Joe for not taking the Scarbrough line on the economy?
I really need to catch up on Mad Men
GUYS the day that gifs with sound are created, my life will be complete.
At the pop show! Going to try as hard as I can to make my sister laugh while she's dancing. >;) #MWAHAHA!
tomorrow is going to be a long day -__-
R.I.P. Andrew Breitbart.
as a blog manager there is a shift that goes from being desperate for blogs to having so many & needing to add process. i'm there.
Yu are so welcome love. Anytime :-)
Thank you Mike,All the best!!
Stanforth: Super wifi solves problems other spectrum does not.
“: To help prevent #gout, cut back on red meat, watch the beer, limit fructose consumption and exercise frequently. #mayoradio”
yo's poor future babychild. having to listen to beauty n the beast in the womb.
and as far as state st, well you will always have some idiots in every crowd
Hope you all had a wonderful break with all the fixins! Regular hours will resume tomorrow.
Soo tired had to run and hide got the cops called on us cuz these two guys where fighting and we had to dip
We are in Denver, working with some banks that will be giving us more foreclosures in Miami. Great day today!
i just watched that the other day! So depressing haha
Who needs a newspaper when you have Twitter?
buy out JO and Wilcox, sign Fesenko and Diaw, we get the rebounding BIG and the scoring option off the bench, its simple!
Thanks, Ben. (And sorry all for tweeting this boring shit.)
Hi Internet: If your pre-roll commercial plays fine and your actual video fails/is bad. You have failed at life. kthxbai
Share your favorite book(s) of all time with me today! I'll start, mine is THE WHOLE HARRY POTTER SERIES!
Awesome. Thanks for the help! I knew a alumus could help me out! ;)
I kinda figured Colton was going home when they said 2nite was a "shocker". He doesn't deserve to go home but he's still a winner.
One vote for soon! I'll back you on Kickstarter, even. :)
Working till five
My sister: " I hate when I have unfinished business *winks* Me: "Ewww" -.-
very cute pic of u and hubby!!!
im scared for the person that made you mad xD
Who thinks the guys from teen wolf r #hot ?
Dear Asshat Grad Student With Whom I Share An Office: you can't schedule student confs during my office hours without asking!
Hooray! [showers of confetti]
what does that mean? :)
Thanks! MT Follow LA libs & visit during National Library week:
See I done smoke weed w/ da best of yall,, shot at all the rest of yall.... my heart hurt like an old man high cholesterol.!
What are the top medications that you or a loved one need financial help with?
thanks man be sure to check out the new single in 10 minutes (:
Show me the Beef RT : Q1 #FoodieChat Chicago Bears play Philadelphia Eagles #MNF Which is better Philly Cheese Steak or Italian
This headache won't go away
omgg I love this "special thing" you sent me today <3 Shaun its amazing im so proud of you
OMG! We are at 2k fans today! Thanks fans!
helps neutralize the chlorine smell..helps repair hair/skin..
Yea i have a good feeling about this one
I love you on Bob & Tom! Ever come to Wisconsin for shows?
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, mommies, mothers and mother effers out there!
almost done with this brutal shift
It's Poetry Month's last day. Share a D.C. haiku! We'll start: People, politics/ poetry, prose; a city / where you're not alone
Thanks to new followers
RT : Check out this awesome article about how to get fit for summer for women over 40! Great job !...
I could lay next to you forever. Or until we decide to go eat. Whichever comes first.
they're fantastic and tix are $12 I'm going around 8:30 if you change your mind! :). Google them!
DON'T BE A HAMMY, PLEASE
21 days until my birthday....
May 18 FREE FAJITA FRIDAY @ One Up on 3rd & Central! Eat for FREE & enjoy tasty cocktails for happy hour that starts @ 4 pm. See you there!!
Acclaro now uses SharePoint, among other cloud-computing technologies, to help keep things running on the ground.
bammm. is hacking you! Love you muff! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
IF YOU HAVE A CLOTHING LINE, STUDIO, SERVICES THAT YOU PROVIDE, OR MERCHANDISE & INTERESTED IN GETTING A BOOTH @ call 424-256-5760.
*Jams nails in her ears*
#MyBiggestFearIs Losing My Phone<U+2665>
Read "The Hunger Games" in one day yesterday. I guess there are perks to having a painfully slow/boring retail job sometimes.
SEE HOLLYWOOD TONITE OR FOREVER HOLD YOUR PEACE.
I'm going to make a rule in my class: If you spell it "costumer" you have to bring Halloween outfits for the class the next time we meet.
Just a little side note- if any of you guys need prayer about ANYTHING please let me know:) i'm always here to listen! <3 loveyall:)
15 minutes till we chose our 2nd WINNER of a band - get your answers in asap
Back to the place where I belong; where your love has always been enough for me. :-)
#woof everyone (:
Just Saying..... That is kinda hot! ;) Hey can't you write me a LOVE LETTER just like in that music vid u made with Shwayze
She over here saying she bout to go off on her man
Dear Niall i hate how people treat u they tell u ur not good let me tell you ur better than good ur AMAZING ! I love you<3
Will you just follow me or..
yo! Sat? That's what I'm talkin about!
Great way to end a great week with & !! See you guys and gals on Tuesday!!
White girls buy produce take em home make em drink grey goose
Go ahead cramps, start as I lay down to go to bed. I fucking dare you.
oh hahah but idk anthenys user name hm.......did kyonna say yes????? let me guess no
Well if u wanna give them all these offensive rebound,why even bother going to Miami for this game.This is ridiculous
When he winks smiles & waves<33 .
I see...that's a shame. I love that you can view episodes so soon after they air though!
Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no lime light , no none of dat sh!t...just fresh
#RMFTR now no one can say there are no touchdowns. Love my tide baby!
True. Something has to spark the conversation, after all.
Tell Liz to participate in #bowday shed look so cute ^~^.
let's meet outside the lunch hall
Alice Cooper was spotted hanging out at the bar at Merriman's Kapalua on Maui.
Thank you to Laura Messer for booking your October wedding with us today.We look forward to your special day!
House plan to block grant #Medicaid would deny health insurance to 1,653,000 New Yorkers.
Long over due lol
muahahahahaha(; i love you to<U+2665>
Not much how was your night? Hope you slept well
we got our snow, get warm
Our full time placement fee is reasonable and competitive.
RT just having a Tecmo Bowl flash back: hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut ... oh my thumbs hurt just hearing that name ;)
RT : Congrats to 's fab new column in Huffington Post. She's such a great writer. Will be looking for it in Aug!...
RT 2,014 followers, so close! We need two more...
You're welcome to borrow my trusty Craftsman. Just pick up some bar and chain oil as I'm fresh out.
Cena's leaving?
So many awesome chefs on twitter, makes it worth it
New favorite performer of the #Grammys: Glen Campbell!
I see you decided to follow! Welcome
solid. I will call you tomortow night. We'll talk.
It wasn't that bad, I think this was one of their best ones. #8FlavahzWasntThatBad cmon noooww
that's correct
Good luck tonight!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I didn't say yes ma'am
good thing the stu door I like fort Knox
Don't Chulk.
Thanks so much for the mention!!!
Want to hear Jimmy Carter answer sex questions? I think you'll enjoy
Tweet this: FTW!
Giving away $30.00 to the next 2 people who like our facebook page
You Irritating But You Lucky I Love You ... &&' I'm Not Stubborn ...
Mitt Romney coming to #HRVA Thursday.
ME NEITHER!!! But at least the parking lot looked nice with a bnunch of baracades!!! Haha
Playoff hockey needs to come with a disclaimer for people with heart conditions.
how will you celebrate 4th of July weekend???????????
no update of my show on I USE TO BE FAT on MTV i will keep y'all posted tho on when it will be on so stay with me!!
In terms of leasing activity, 2011 was marked by a record number of leases of 100,000SF or more
For those of you wanting to dance tonight. social tonight at Knights of Columbus. Time to Mambo! PBDC is debuting a new routine
We may no longer speak, but I have to say, had I not met you, I may have not found one of my callings. Thanks 4 that.
Fresh Floral Bouquets
CHICKEN IN CHEESE IS GOD
Oh, if you were my boyfriend you'd never let me go? Please, tell me more about chillin by the fire while we eatin' fondue.
Fun on #bvg: Had to get off U-2 (stopped for night work) so I grabbed a beer at the corner while I waited for bus. Can't do that on
Missing seeing you out there...
It literally has it all: a kung-fu granny, a fight scene between a little kid & blonde '80s skank, an urban cowboy AND Indian...
the weber performer is the way to go. It is my go to grill.
no more Bulls... Spurs and Thunder should start preparing for the Heat.
shiddd all about how merry my xmas can be his wife will get the D easy
Ask ... or just click on this for an example:
how isn't it justified? Orton's skill set is best used in the UFL
It worked the other day but I've tried it again for the past couple of days and I'm running into the same error.
Stop what. it isnt hate its fact. all the scouts say he runs too high.
Redesigning my blog!! Maybe I should have been a graphic designer...hahaha...;-)
bad cops vs poor people, not evryone
oh my god i'm so weak. RT : I get the doctor's office rowdy when they call me fat.
Please tweet a birthday wish for Austin to guys :) Mahomies will do anything aight ? #HappySweet16Austin :*
I agree.
I love them all but I know an alarmingly large am of Greek myths haha
God has a plan for everyone, and things happen for a reason I just wish I knew if in the end its all for the best
I drank so much last night, surprised @ how not drunk I was, maybe if I keep drinking,can get through my apartment lease,b4 I leave4Vegas.
Shh...just hid spinach in my 2yo smoothie. And she is happily drinking it. :D
Sleeping in has not felt this good in SO long!
Great to see you paired with on I liked your spirit!
Good Morning!
When one partner is happy, the other is, too (and vice versa), a new study of long-married couples finds.
Grown ups
Masked mcl? I don't understand.
I think me & are too mad lol , we gotta stay positive like c:
I recently saw ads for a brand new website selling pet supplies. "Why didn't anyone think of this before??"
Apparently it's all the rage to make perfect round delicious pancakes, prefer mine shaped like The Ivory Coast and tasting slightly of ass.
Dumanis says we can't afford the system we have, says we need to move forward. She supports Prop B
yeah pretty much, but honestly idk how long I can take it anymore straight up. Yeah I'm strong and hopefully get through it. :o
OMG Amgelina please come to WI so we can feed you.
Fucking faggot ares god of war my ass ugly armenian looking discount asking queer
Im Learning Who I Was, Aint Who I Gotta Be .
EVERYONE please be a part of the kony 2012 movement. Doing everything you can to help out! Get a kit and join us in April 20th 2012!!
How are you?
Teaching, create, and dance! Today is Friday!!
#wordaroundtown is you're just right
the best!
Innovation, gov and education together Luv it! RT Duncan: Dept of Ed wants to become a dept of innovation.
I thought you were in martin county
I want to be best friends with the characters from The League. This show is a 10
I never seen you before
we won't know till May...cross ur fingers for. CSI Miami to get renewed
Im bored outta my mind I need new people to text.
Thomas Place right on University Ave. is looking better than ever! Make sure to sign a lease for 2012 before its too late
I would love to go to India and learn Yoga, spiritualism and divinehood, and no terrorist can ever stop me or anyone from that!
oh you are so sweet!!! You are perfect!!
I will be working with my Meet Up Group....The new date will be given very soon. Dr. Cynthia Harris
Nothing like a slice of NY pizza after the bars close. Nothing like an unexpected early morning hurl induced by said pizza, either.
watching rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
Whats up guys! Let us know which song is YOUR favorite on Facebook.com/johnnyrockette then tag us with the song title in a tweet!
we talking about the kind of love a man has for a woman or the kind of love a man has for a large pile of sweaty porky cash?
I don't care what says, those looked like nipples to me.
I can handle loads of stress and pressure, but death... just breaks me. I've just been shattered most of the day.
gearing up for orch. appearance (Vivaldi with Zaria and one more Aranjuez!) every time is the first time
Chuck Norris and the illuminati are working together, I swear it.
What Ron Paul revolution?
Now all we need are t-shirts: "I want to be #alaleftbehind "
I follow back, just ask me to :)
Sounds a lot like hell to me RT : New York City forecast: record-breaking heat and raw sewage in the rivers. Lovely.
how are you..
Dick Riders don't understand much except what they choose to believe is facts inside they head smh
heeyyyy did I get my ring back from youu in class? Cus I realized I didn't have it and I can't find it.. :p
In going to yoga, I've learned that the aspect the old men in class embrace most heartily is the spirited, noisy exhale.
YES JASON
I can't stand ignorant people. #growup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i just keep replaying the speech in Sanctuary by Paradise Fears
RT : Safety first. Just kidding, coffee first. Safety's like third or fourth.
Work is a form of cruel and unusual punishment.
In the lovely town of Vermillion, South Dakota for a strategic planning session. Great, little town - nice downtown area. Worth the visit!
I just sent you the final. Mainly because I want you to see the new argument. You only need to review the first 2 pages.
US District Judge Reggie Walton declares mistrial in Roger Clemens perjury case.
Wait ur favorite bands system of a down? oh and u really love OM&M? Oh ok so... When are we getting married?
Haha. So what's the deal with safari. I need a day job.
take off that givenchy and let's get raunchy
Glad to see so many people asked Obama about supporting #nationalservice publicly during the #twittertownhall. Volunteers stand united!
yah obviously<U+2665> zachyyyy how are you????!!!X
Best color? Blue vs. Red. YOU DECIDE!
i hope to god its not true
SHUSH! I'm only a few chapters in...SPOILERS MISSY!
Finally home. I might just go get some gummy bears...
New Research-Based Migraine Management Guide Clarifies What May Help &amp; What Won't - ProHealth
Day9 just answered my viewer question on daily #392!
hahah! I like ur style girl!
RT Insecurity Vs. Public Affection.......Are u broadcasting TRUE HAPPINESS, or broadcasting it JUST TO PROVE A POINT??
we will be there in full force!
NICE! Beast...
Per aspera ad astra: Yesterday, 40 documents were deleted of our account. All of them, belonging to the collection 'Jstor Patristic/Patrolo…
will let you know the next time we have Live music.
i want to go to college now!
I don't know know when Elizabeth is coming back but the three of us at least can. :)
Just an update to the new followers I was originall / still am . I have just made a 2ndary account 4 to seperate my race friends
I love aidan bishop hes gas the video of him hitting a filthy stool in tra mor is so funny and he runs a much in it :L.
Thanks for the follow I followed back :)
Hey what sups Bro!!!!
Wonder how much more he might've made staying with Facebook.
There's no one else but #GloriaAllred?
>>> RT : Spamming actually does more to HURT your music and image than spreading the word..
Thanks for the kind (and funny) comments, Dan!
John Legend better watch out...just because he doesn't have a career he shouldn't be hating!!! You DO NOT wanna piss off Britney fans!!
i got thiss
@ im in OUR bed.... n yu kno the guest room is being remodeled so how r yu in there.... y do yu do this 2 me
Miss #Wisconsin just won #MissAmerica Take notes Rodgers. All we do is win.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
my song listen to some nights
You can't like every photo you post, that shit isn't cool.
Just north of the first ring-finger knuckle. Am I right, ?
Okay, it really bothers me when teachers complain about having to teach 4 classes on one day. Hello, thats what we do EVERYDAY. shut up.
What DID U Do??? I've been massaging his feet & legs 4an hour now!!!
leaving you behind would be really ruff!
Sincere thanks to everyone who took the time to support the best jazz around! Thanks for a successful Fall Fund Drive!
Boys are such dicks sometimes
Is it that weird that Ive never had to mow the front lawn? my response to this questions is always.. #IveGotThreeBrothers lol
happy birthday vacation!
Hailie's daddy is still a better rapper than your daddy.
It won't be long till the Williamson County fair and you can eat fair food till your heart desires. I can't wait.
cottage cheese and pineapple for life
Big thanks to our runners that endured 4 legs of #bourbonchase ( Allie)
_________/\______\O/_______ Swim faster little man!!! Swim faster!!!
Screw u. haha sorry my ipod diedd!
Looking for a volunteer videographer to film & edit a short PSA to continue the SOPA conversation. email for details:
My timeline is full of all of this...I don't know base...baseball? Something like that...I don't know...Apparently hot dogs are involved
it looks great on you(:
We can have a front row seat to a big full moon..
RT : Dear insomnia: I hate you. You get in the way of my dreams.
but the whole talk of "trusting" your data less with one or the other BECAUSE of that style doesn't make sense to me.
Wanna come and speak to the kids at the Young Actors' Theatre Camp this summer!? We'd love to have you!
Happy 4th of July Milwaukee
Saw your school picture(: So CuTE!!!:) Love you!(:<3
Need a baiting suit ASAP !
"I'm going to take my talents to 'Moons Over My Hammy'" - Robert Lewis 2/27/12 (no press conference)
thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a mattress or furniture let us know!
The Great Chef - Charlie Trotter and Apple CEO Steve Jobs love #Rawfood - smart guys.
came to me in a weird lucid moment in the middle of the night. True, no? :)
Wake up, its time for a spin I'll be cranking it up at 8:15...
Tired head hurts throat hurts ... I hate strep
Great that with the size of 's (Michelle Phan) audience, she's still embarrassed at the Robert Kyncl shout out.
Aww damn.. Edged out by the museum of the confederacy.
Boesch on #bay: New vehicle will soon be launched to monitor bay. Will be for independent scientific research.
Thunder vs.Boston NBA Finals
Awesome, thanks!
thanks for the RT
it is likely a software issue. have you tried a restore from your itunes account? make sure to backup before you do.
The guys in BLACKstreet, now at the cash register at Vons: "I hate that I work here - No dignity - I have to bag it up"
We are at Bayou Beer Garden Dec 3 with The Scorseses!!
Looking to learn about new directions in spatial history
I agree whole-heartedly John. The topic of ignoring #poverty is a great sadness of mine. The site tends to be a bit radical.
35 folks turned out to see us in Campbellsville last night! Great momentum! Already halfway to Hazard this morning.
tomorrows friday .
- good shit Snoop. Final products will be great.
Account Executive opening in our Middleton, WI office! Tech Sales or Staffing a must have. Call me 608-827-8882
I thought you were out of there! What happened? And why can't I DM you?
NO MEETING TONIGHT!! Let us know of you'd like to participate in the Allen Park Cleanup Saturday!
YES! Perfect. I'll be here in the summer, too. I'm looking forward to it
Come with me, and you'll be, in a land of pure imagination!
doesnt have a tv show yet
Just came back from game 4 to 4 now I'm gonna go to see Spider Man Turn off the Dark in manhattan for Mi Birfday #stoked <U+E415><U+E337>
bumpin to music....my aunt walks in my room dancin...ctfu i love my family but im hungry they should make me sumin ....lol
Before you judge me, try hard to love me, look within your heart then ask, have you seen my childhood. - M.J. <3
. Your ignorance is pathetic and dangerous.
Would also love to make it to Cozumel
Bit of a rough night - grinding thru it. Another meeting tmrw. to get some photos up elsewhere in Brookfield
good except for seating. Seating could be improved upon...unless you are at sushi bar. Food makes you come back.
this chicken alfredo made me extra sleepy
Sometimes I feel like my life lacks forward momentum, ya know.
HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
I completely forgot! Can we reschedule? In the middle of doing work for one of my programs
lol I got her a rose :) so we're straight
great! looking forward to it.
Race weekend shall be the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
thanks for the bike art link!
Today was my last day i California, i so don't want to go home!
what happened to chris
Eggs/Turkey Sausage/Hashbrowns/toast/Coffee.. Prune Juice..LOL
I think its just a school reading this time, and not open to the public. Just there for one day, then off! Sorry! Next time!
I hear its gonna be a hot one today so stay cool.
Connecting music lovers.
This week is Count Down to Farmers' Market Week. Slowly working my way through the to do list. Today: Box-o-Selling (tape, pens, string,etc)
Omg it's a sex tape! LMFAO
after being stuck in the rain yesterday all i feel now is a sore throat :( in bed
thanks for the update. looks like tweet later is still down?
got it! lol
Listening to an advance release copy of Megadeth's new album, Endgame. Wow. I think this might be their best album since Rust In Peace.
Clouds, limited sun. A big difference with how it feels outside later. HIGH: 66. A passing shower or two. Tomorrow WINDY! HIGH: 57.
We can be cool, but not close.
Glad you made it!
I wish I could have that everyday
#greggwilliams needs to be banned from the #nfl if you haven't listened to the audio from his pregame speech for the 49ers game you need to.
And I answer the call that went like this: [caller] "what happened to the $ for some ass, this is Welli from the Village"......WTF!!
RT : Go with the flow in job search! Identify your talents & strengths, how you've used them, value they provide employers.
Lee demonstrates her considerable skill as a chocolatier for students at Northeastern University tomorrow night. Go Huskies!
i need a couple of ppl to #FWM bored ight now nd not recordin tonight
We're glad you love it!
You don't have to find clients when you use Google Places - they find you!
it's my MOTHER and she's in love with a 17 year old vampire... weird?
That's just wrong. Shouldn't it be Vagina "Pink-ener"? Seriously, wouldn't a white vagina be scary?
If we have a coughtry test tomorrow, i'm screwed...
I love me a mexican dude
I love that I hardly drink anymore cuz when I do drink now it takes half the money it used to
whenever I spend a few days NOT looking at 's profile, I get like a heart attack. I cannot stay a few days away.
Dude, I was *this close* to getting that on my other arm!
call me maybe is on the radio(: lol hell yess
“: Follow and you WON'T regret it! :)”ok, will do, Chel. I'm 's fun loving alter ego.
:) I've felt the need.
I'm going to tongue punch your fart box!
Drinking our vodka! (We remove all congeners/fusel oils/methanol etc. from our vodka which means no hangovers)
The Sen Resolution adopting May 9 (yesterday) as the 30th Annual California Day of the Teacher was approved unanimously, without objection.
Come on HEAT! Please step up!
Ha! Great post. Made me giggle out loud. Thanks. :-)
i'm a little worried about what "doesn't smell like " means
"Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much.."
Made the cheer squad , oh yeah . <U+2665>
Kameron Loe into the game after Zack Greinke catches the hook; those 3 runs weren't enough, I'm thrilled to have been wrong
Quote of the night at the Korn concert: "Hows the weed club?"
Ah i swear if it's not one thing it's certainly another.
Serena Williams continues to keep her misstep from this past weekend in the news with every new statement she issues.
I'M MISSING AMERICAN DAD. WHAT THE HELL. AND I STILL DIDN'T DO MY HISTORY. OH NOO.
im movin to ohio oh i gtg luv u bye
My nigga love me like Pussy, Money, Weed
But I don't wanna get up. The plus side..... Breakfast. Yes food and the comfort of coffee
Ok #MIB2 was pointless so why make a #MIB3?!?
Try not laughing, but when you think somethings funny say "Hah hah" without laughing.
30 minutes to blues show at Universal
When people tell me i'm pretty i get so so happy <3 (':
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
Happy, happy Birthday to our very dear friend and a wonderful person ! Have an amazing day! XO
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. - Franz Kafka
Crack cocaine is NOT a prescription drug!
RT : We're counting down...about 3 hours left for #pcf10. Sad day.
Who Put Lettuce in My Daffodils? - Wall Street Journal
In a new state ur willing to make a new story -
Tim Dillard should be sent down! All the way down.
R.I.P MCA. One of the greats was lost today
RT After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
Possible to shorten the hashtag for tomorrow and Sunday? Might encourage more twitter conversation.
“And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all...” RIP Maurice Sendak
Let's go Bring Back Ringer
“: I hope not alone!!” my dog will eat anything that tries to hurt me :)
RT : Bids with several s. My experience always get at least 3.
Nobody gives a shit if you sleeping naked <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
*bowes head* ...prays
I hired Steven Young at Thinkstill - will let you know when I see finals
Do not call me dear friend! I ain't friends with LOOSERS and do urself a favor and be real and don't steal tweets from others..
should follow me :) your tweets describe my life!
$5 Bloody mary $4 Mimosa & $3 Beermosa. There is tons of stuff going down in Milwaukee stop by on your way and enjoy food and drink
celebrating happiness with us,happy world Health Day
Hay Festival 2012: between reality and dreams: What began as an idea in a kitchen 25 years ago is now an annual ..
Dont like reading long ass hash tags. We get what ur trying to say.
What's on tap for everyone tonight?
The Group by Mary McCarthy for book discussion on 2/18.
I wuv twitter
i was so happy to see you tweet about it, haha!!!! made me smile!
You have a skank personality to be honest. So no, i cant trust you.
And part 2 tonite at 8 RT : Anyone else watching the Clinton documentary on ? Great stuff!
Check out. W.first-sight.org
off to lunch with my fake grandparents who are in town for a few days. LOVE.
I wonder if it'll be the end of Western Civilization as we know it.
Sitting at Haskell's in Excelsior, MN after a day of fun out in the country!
Even though she's sexy, SJP just canNOT stay awake for sex
": If My Followers aren't Following Your losing out on Great Tweets!! Cheryl Rocks!!" Thought I was :(
At 's big data conference. Good turnout. Lots of laptops and tablets. And blackberries!
That might be the worst thing I've ever done on Twitter.
Conducting pre-flight before the pre-flight.
#TriSpringConf12 kicks off in one hour!
That Barbacoa taco hit the spot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Just heard say that gay marriage should be up to churches. Well...in this country, you are married by the state, not church
hey just like mittens! The dog hater!
...and it's snowing.
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
RT or tweet me if your going to see #ONEDIRECTION on JUNE 29 in florida ! Please i need to know!!
stupid twitter wont follow back anyone what is wrong with this shiiittt.???!
I'll see your January and raise you December. ;-)
Wife and I are super-excited to see you tonight at the Parlor!
Take a moment! RT : Our good friends at United Way asked us to encourage our fans to take UW's Community Issues Survey, so...
YES omg Nfg is so good. and blink will forever be amazing.
Just cause im a raper that dont mean im trying to fuk every girl.Im just looking for that 1 woman i could give the world
Had a tour of the UCSD Burn Center with Dr. Bruce Potenza last night with the Board. Amazing work they are doing at UCSD
Just being transparent. - zach.
Gonna have a beer on stage at with and !
I need a Kentucky BADGIRL in my life. who wants to be ?
Yes. I tweeted about Seacrest. He has no business being on The Today Show. Like him keeping up with Kardashian's.
"What AV Products Can I Use?" Think I'm going to find out at
glad you enjoyed everything! beignets vs chocolate croissants is definitely the battle of the century, hope to see you back!
Gotta talk shit to the masses..But yo, when quiet..I know you working. So it's ALL good
oh yes, same here :)
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
the weeknd's new mix tape is called Thursday it will be coming out soon make sure yall check it out
pissed ain't word there's no excuses for this shit! There's no way in hell the bulls should Be loosing to Philly! Wtf
Sun night is the last show of this week! See , , , , and the cast KILL IT!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 87
I must be losing my mind. I am somehow en route to Wendy's. For frosties. (Breakfast was hours ago). It's 8 F-ing am! <--Sucka
back on the boards - did you miss me?
RT : Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
Thanks for being our newest followers , , , , + :)
Ain't it funny how a melody can bring back a memory
Y'all should come see a show at #Stage773 this weekend. So many cool shows! www.stage773.org
BLACK ON BLACK limited TEE from is BOSS
why dont they have a friggin wnba game out already? thats just retarded
RT : 4.28.1793: “I consider the people who constitute a society or nation as the source of all authority in that nation"...
Have you seen our new location? This friday we are having our Kusudama Beauty & Wellness party, a great time to check out or new place!
yes, amazing under-recognized British novelist. Hilary Mantel & Caleb Crain wrote intos to new editions!
COSIGN! C.OO.L RT : Still kinda wanna be Stephanie Zanoni when I grow up because she was so KEWL
Dennis Hoppers best lines, "I'll fuck anything that moves!" and "Heineken, fuck that shit, Pabst Blue Ribbon!"...too sad.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams on the right path they are the main team in the way of the repeating!
Where are our pictures from the baseball game?!
I hate humidity...ew
The poor Empire State center for the Book only has 14 followers on Facebook Please friend it on.fb.me/nZ7vNg
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away. Bil Keane
I'm still waiting for pitchers and catchers to report.
Congrats on the funding - good choice - beta code please ;)
For real???? All you have to do is push a button XD
Enjoy this sun Portland! Be safe, have fun, eat burritos.
The new bass sytem in my brothers car + the amount and intensity of the bass drum in atillas new album = happy me
A survey conducted by reveals an increase in optimism among #realestate agents about home values via
RT : "If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
Shit I forgot you all of a sudden disappeared of the face of earth .
I'm wondering how game-ready Dampier is...then again, he can't be any more offensively inept than Joel Anthony, or stiff as Big Z...
Note to kids - never go to a buffet with your dad and expect it to be quick
Clemson just had a 3rd and 49. hahaha, don't see that too often
RT if you know you sexy!!!
Want to win a #HarryPotter #DeathlyHallows DVD? Stick around and we'll tell you how you can get it free ! RT spread the word!
hey, do you have a link to some of your editing wok?
Enjoyed connecting w/ today; great & growing ag/aqua, green tech, next gen mfng, more in
obviously you don't! :D
“: No matter how much cash I sit with, still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.”
listen in right now to to win those tickets!
So excited, 3 new clients for our exclusive gift suite in California & Dubai!
Big East reportedly inviting Air Force. AF is in Colorado Springs, just 1800mi from eastern seaboard. That's putting the BIG in Big East.
That's a hook right thurrrr!! (j Cole voice)
But, you know, not right this second. It's only 8:36 PST. I'm not 90.
Make sure you use the symbol when you direct a message towards someone
New clothes Sunday!>>>>>
GOOD MORNING !!! Its a lil chilly in the Midwest but its still a wonderful day. Summertime is just around the corner....YEAH!!!!
OMG LOL I LOVE YOU CHRIS
Then he had to add his 2 cents in it lol
Thanks for the follow! We'll have to take the office out soon to get some ice cream sammies soon!
Hello, your dancing impresses me. Thank you for following kelsea Webb x for her birthday.
oh shit that wa a mental breakdown
what content do you teach? age of kids? how many classes?
I love my new cheetah hat !
Charles Barkley on SNL this weekend? Love that guy.
It's really unfortunate that I care about politics. Wish I could go back to the days of being apolitical.
There wasn't any #whores in Barbour County till you came along!
I have become comfortably numb
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would buy B-Dubs
- Thanks, Rebecca! Great to see you at SMA 2012!!
yes, haha. actually like an hour :-)
on my way
studying for Ohio driver test--done. watching Thunder Cats now.
because, in all honesty, there's not too many of us respectable women left.
Taylor Swift really got to him.
It's my personal magic potion when I need to code or really get something done.
Kentucky up 4
on pins & needles!
Yes, you the only one, who truly understand me. Thankyou so much, xo.
you'll do amazing. Can't wait to get a copy. Kisses.
I think so. I also told my friend who founded , and she's interested.
no need to email again, just DM me a good email address to reach you please :)
Reuters kindergarten student in Pa. had bags of heroin in school, handed them out. Parents asked to search their kids for drugs
Dude.... I am obsessed with corn hole and euchre. Am I actually from new jersey?!
Joyous! Duke loses to a #15 seed WITH home court advantage! LEHIGH ...salute!
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Followed by More Than A Feeling for #redemption RT Boot Scootin' Boogie on the organ at Miller Park. Worse than Gasolina.
You'll have to send me the location. I'm saving all these good suggestions. I went ahead and booked the B&B in Duluth- I'm giddy.
#3WordsForYou , Be My Man. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sharing Public Breakdowns: What We Can Learn From Jason Russell / Via / cc
get over to Chicago. I miss you man!
So true. Long hours needed to start a biz!
seems like providence has turned u out from the looks of your TL lol
oh well you dont download it, you just click select file then choose the pic u want
I would rather just take the test
Brewers beat Cardinals 3-2, avoid sweep - Columbus Telegram
I allow the energy of what I'm feeling to reveal what is blocking my alignment. I always have a choice to realign my thinking.
Off to a #norsled dog adoption fair
Sen Senjem says veto is slap in the face. He asks the gov to recover tax bill
Teachers and the Minneapolis School District have reached a tentative contract. Details with on
LOL, no. Stomach virus.
so I voted using my twitter. My last sent EXACTLY at 12:00 and counted!
God is making it alright right now!
Just wanted to pop in and say hi! ~Amber
Yes i think. :)
(AP) -- Government reports new case of mad cow disease in California; says meat, dairy supplies safe.
We are happy to announce that Oakland Arts Pittsburgh will be joining the Oakland Farmers Market on Friday August 26th from Noon--5 p.m.!
By keke big booty ass
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be"
Hey you. You're a nice guy. Put your shoes on. Hey you.
Someone come eat kalamatas with me. Anyone.
Recently finished Edgar winner THE LOCK ARTIST by Steve Hamilton. OMG good! Why didn't anyone tell me about you before?
Orientation On saturday cant wait (:
i guess we could have used one of them new fangled "direct messages" i've heard so much about.
Is Jeremy Lin the Knicks version of Kevin Maas (Yankees)?
I TOTALLY remember you! eek! ow have you been? are you still out in long beach?
i have a problem
RT : Beginning in May TWJ will offer book reviews. We're looking forward to pairing up readers with books they'll love!
Lebanese food with was the highlight of a busy foggy day.
Can you make introduction to ? Seski need date to the state ball on Feb. 14.
he's been rubbing down the balls for Brees.
She's in eighth grade and Shes short and has brown hair.
When looking at #homes, what are some must-have features you look for?
are you feeling better then this morning? if so you being hungry is a good sign :)
messing around with twitter and facebook- let's see if this works ...
Why is it that every guy I meet wants to talk about and have sex, seriously wtf?? Stop thinking with ur dick and blow the dust off ur brain
Aanother Duck fumble, but Oregon falls on the loose ball. Are the Beavers slicking it up with oil? Or do the Ducks just have butterfingers?
all i can say is wow. Hah.
I would've paid all the money in the world to see that!!!
according to page six!
After a long week, I like to go home, drink coconut water and count my money.
Hotel Cafe tonight to see only a few hours before his album drops. Score.
Love this RT from - "The sum of theology is grace; the sum of ethics is gratitude." - R.C. Sproul
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. Jim Rohn
RT : Steve James () shows "Harlan County USA" as "The Film That Changed my Life." 1:30 pm today,
Getting on the wrong bus in the city ... Only to have to wait 20 min for the right one
Hey may as well have somebody who comes cheap not hitting in the Nats outfield
we said and we ment it lets go see you Friday!
Odd that I'm willing to accept other people's faults, but not my own.
OMG that is wonderful!!!!!
yeah! "Can't Live Without You" by
that doesn't even make sense haha
Send your picture with you and or to !
whats your chips amount?
#strasburg has accounted for two more total bases than Phillies thus far...
Talking to one of my boys through Skype. Miss him and love him dearly. Hope to see him soon.
(voted/commented). EVERYONE in PR hugs! it's a running joke with me & my non-PR friends.
I need another one
Merry Christmas Everyone! May all your needs be taken care of.
Have you ever tried a cleanse before? What did you think of it? What were the cleanse details? Did you get good results?
not when our starters are playing their subs
ill be there 515 ish so we can still get there 530
robert kardashian's sleeve >>
thank you so much! i'll check it out, for sure.
Simple sugars are okay to have during and after workouts because they get broken down faster.
a little late for that, but thanks lol
Xavier ladies represent! #X is in the #sweetsixteen!
It's almost as if quality of closer isn't the best measure of a good team...
Patent Agent jobs available at Samsung R&D Center USA (San Jose, CA)
all i know anit nothing new under the sun lol
Heard repeatedly that EPA air rad monitoring crews were in Los Alamos. But Guardsmen, firefighters and I saw none of 'em.
What's everyone doing today?
hey everyone
26 days post starting w/ personal trainer down one clothing size and energy up drastically! Welcome new #fitness/life challenges!
Passed my driving test !
Wait, a pre-fly taco? In San Francisco?
I appreciate that!
aaaayyyyeee everybody follow her >>>> :))
A thousand years separates the earliest from the latest compositions of the Old Testament.
Really. How would U suggest changing someone's opinion?
"Hey, pardon me, can I invade your desk-fort? I can't find a place to study."
No dunking?
excellent grill master!
Don't worry I got your back
": that scenario reminds me of something.... Hm" Haha oddly familiar.
Lol ; So did something happen on SIU & Demi said something about it??
Talking with my wife :))
I can't sleep.
Cold has now turned into fever. Back at docs. Wish me luck!
probably going to be $30 per day
How do they serve alcoholic drinks on Italian cruise ships? - On the rocks
Imagine 4000 chemicals in one cigarette.
Keeping an eye out for it, thanks!
Wow, haven't been on Twitter in a while....kinda feels weird lol
I anticipate something pretty cool today B-)
Russell won world championships; can't say the same about Jordan.
you're really pretty :)
Really. Thank you. x!
And on a similar note, if there was a least valuable player award, it would go to T. Pritchard.
The #Foreverfly sightings continue!!
> What a spectacular conf. First time back to campus in about 18 years (1990 grad).
isn't it cool? My pallet is going on my wall proudly!!
I am so allergic to mosquitoes and they love biting me. My right elbow is swelled up.
is strongly vexed with our postal person, who continues to refuse to bring packages to the house I paid to have sent here. And now...
& should umm, ya know...come to...um.. Omaha, Nebraska..like..uhh...right now.....(:
Great to meet and chat with three world-class CMO's this week at #MarketMix!
unless its a reality show
How appropriate that "An Officer and a Gentleman" is on TV on my dad's bday. One of his fave all-time lines: "Why you eyeballin' me, boy?"
American Airlines cheated me out of a $300 ticket once.
Thanks Same To You..May God #Bless You In Every Way
Uhtred is getting a little old to be retaking Bebbanburg
Too bad has never witnessed it! - , have at my bday partay
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. Xenocrates
sluts these days.
Screw the haters!
Please tell him that hims dad say hi!
If this my homie from DC a wonderful shout out to you this morning I hear the sounds of #Victory. Would you get in contact w/me
Dying for a huge slice of chocolate cake!
Just checking up, how have you been?
Oh you, you win so many points!
Is it your birthday?
Days begin with hopes and ends with dreams. Everyday starts with some expectation but surely ends with some experience-that's life!
aw I've been missing LOTS! Need to re-watch it!
I wish The CW would have picked up Shelter.
All of this is not by chance <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
thanks for following Tony! :)
I'm going to call tomorrow and set up an appointment at a non-profit counseling center.
Not when thunder rocks you outta your slumber.
Make decisions based on what you know rather than what you feel.
Niggas and flies
Everyone needs a crazy friend. :)
When you find a true friend, never let them go.
Ooh, good timing on this review. I was just thinking of giving that book a try.
RT : Bet i could make it wetter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
As always, thanks for sharing the love. You're great!
Being social really screwed up my saving the galaxy schedule.
Randy Moss to NYJ???
Day 2 of 3, let's hope for the best...
Group text is never the best way to arrange a time to meet between 7 college students.
Great meeting, learning about robotics, art, chicha, theater archives, and more! Thanks for inviting us to present HERB!
This will not end well for you. Surrender now.
Looking forward to tonite's NYPhil CONTACT! at the Met Museum including Jay Alan Yim's greatly-titled neverthesamerivertwice
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
... There was cheesecake?!
cleaned out four months worth of empty diet coke bottles from behind my office door...they are no properly in a recycling bin.
Tardy thanks to for #FF; for RTs; and for conversation
Sun on it's way out, how did an IT giant fade...
Technology is crazy. Augmented reality apps and customizable Coke machines.
#ff that scene in Jurassic Park 2 where the little dinos eat that german dude
songwriting session last night. worked on 2 new songs (one had been written just hrs before). working titles: deserving & your new life
Love that ! My week has been great too! I'm ready though to get some rest now! Enjoy the rest of your evening!
really? What about Kobe or Wade?
Coral Park and its wanna be's. Smh
his re-raise wasn't a 'full' raise. since you already had an action in the hand, you cannot further raise here....
Will do!! OMG you should see the talent its crazy!!! We are beyond excited
The ending is equally unsatisfying. RT : The U.S. Tax Code is roughly 18 times longer than Moby-Dick.
is it a nice venue?
It feels like Friday.
Embedded doesn't have to mean physically in a dept. - can be mobile devices or any other way.
Scientists say we use only 10% of our brain. Imagine how much better the world would be if used the other 60%.
Feeling sleepy as I go through paperwork, what a cold day.
ONE DIRECTION ARE IN NYC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE FEELS?
Food truck find: About to partake of some goodness on a gorgeous SF day.
Don't feel like packing tonight...
goodman says tweeting is not nuanced enough and too fast for
hahah yes myspace,only bc thats where i have al those old pictures at. and i know theres seriously so many pictures of us
So suck on that, Economics 101. Suck. On. That.
2 more dates confirmed for the tour. So many things going great for me! :)
Mismatch tonight at softball. Mercy ruled a team 23 - 3 in the 3rd inning. Clearly, they had never played before.
“ It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb <U+262E>
Good morning friends! Inspiration is on the way!
we've got a lot of new oysters in the floats. (From Dudley's lease)
On nat gas glut: Not factoring in volatility, u don't compare risky asset (gas) w/ riskless durable asset (renewable) on cost
So... Newt today? The altar boy? The underwear man? The loyal constitutionalist?
nevermind its closed now
Enjoy your lunch! RT : At Monicals! Yum
mirror mirror on the wall whos the realest of them all mirror mirror on the wall are you sure you see thru the beautiful flaws
Preview our new album!
what about tipsy? Cuz i like 2 get tipsy before talking to u gorgeous! Xoxo
With at General Assembly for #awesomenessUatGA learning how to think like an entrepreneur
Hurray MAVS! Got rid of Lamar Odom and we're on a winning streak! ;)
its gunna do nothing...
Even better! You, too!
Was that a DM?
#Ifihadthreewishes I'd wish for: World peace, cure hunger and disease and have queen of the world. What a world it would be.
Without going into detail on my family, nah bro... nah.
My problem with that is I get tired of carrying them around and end up throwing out then buying another LOL
Watching Alien. :) "That's not our system." "I know that."
Seriously this okc lal series is kind of evil vs. Pure evil.
keep us in mind, laundry belonging to beautiful ladies would be our niche for sure! We promise to leave no unwanted creases!
i can do cody simpson
This is my first tweet from heaven? It look's a lot like my bedroom.
I spent most of my adult life in one long term relationship. Now that we have gay marriage in NYC, I'm single. Go figure.
Still sleepy from going to bed at 3am(:
UI is really amazing across the demo'd products. Attention to detail, simplifying some complex functionality.
Ew well right now they hurt
Charlotte NC
Happy Valentines Day to all the babes in twitter land.
Download your copy of the Street Advocate by #ColeHart and help support the #juveniles and at risk
THANK YOU! *sigh of relief*
#OnSomeRealShit Wrap your shit up so you won't be wrapping diapers in the future
RT : Viewers watch raw video plus news video to learn more about stories.
thanks for the shout out!
TOMORROW IS MY B-DAY!!!! LOVING MY PRINCESS!!!
your fb ? No I don't !! Send it to me please !! I got now your other twitter :) I will follow you !!
how have u been!
When he has had a million chances to prove it but he messes it up on his own every time.
damn rain! Sounds nice regardless. Good backup plan!
RT : Best Life Tip Today : Put positive thoughts out there and hope things will work out!
blerg glad my whining was justified. luckily was there to buy me bandages and neosporin.
where did you get that greeting card?
I'll go with that. Maple Leafs fans are the Yankees/Red Sox fans of the NHL. They come into VC and get in my face.
Happy Hump Day #Chicago Calling Capricorns/Aquarians Book your Bday for Fri & Sat! DM for details!
Wishing there were a maximum allowable duration for any cold or flu. And they should not be allowed to span weekends. Just sayin'! Guh...
awe... You did such a great job!!!
Ay Dios, ugh. I wanted to go to the mall tomorrow but I have no ride. Damn, I need my license -_-
Generators. But then you have noise, and delta issues.
I have no school today yay!!!
BioShock infinite delayed until 2013. No!
YAY!(: haha. okay, so all you need to do is send me a pic of you holding a paper saying ...
Needs to get me a black guy
no bout the girls vibratin in the train!!!
I am in the process of updating EVERYTHING now that the album is done. New music, new photos, new website, new blog COMING SOON!
My city tells more stories then the bible told
Rest In Peace Mr. Don Cornelius of Soul Train a true American icon!
#TheRiver show is getting #intense by the second,
I'm pretty disturbed by it all. And WHHYYY???
Have a great night! And don't do anything wouldn't do.
What would you like to see normal Americans do to help to improve the economy and increase jobs?
After three hours of nitrous oxide and novacaine yesterday, I'm still feeling the effects. But not in the good way.
I grew up in the East to find at 40 a rich vocabulary of intense discrimination I used by rote. Took me a decade to unlearn.
haha hi(: what's up?
I know I don't know everything about sports but I know enough to back up what comes out of my mouth
I partied to hard.... lol
Heard at a meeting today that IVC is in danger of being shut down. Incredibly sad, amazing things could happen there. Wasted opportunities.
you should follow, cutie :)
Ha! I read your tweet and was expecting a little dog or flying monkeys. iPhone is much better. Enjoy!
my girlfriend is really sick. I hope she's alright and doesn't have the swine.
New icon <3
what r some of the dominant representations of black women explored in the hooks text? are some of them outdated? what can we add?
#NW White Chicks
Come on Eileen
I got Instagram!!! :D
Happy Monday everyone and thanks to all my new followers!
Nice to meet you! :) I live in Maryland! Fairly ish close to Canada?
Still in Sony hell this morning trying to get through to their service provider. 2 Hours and counting...
It must suck for Del Rio when his personal ring announcer Ricardo Rodriguez is more popular than him.
Wonder if I can squeeze in a pint with fellow Yorkshireman David Gedge of at the Chicago gig next month?
it's either "a homophobe" or "I'm homophobic" lol
Nature is God's greatest evangelist.
#HustlersWantAnswers because all of us are about to kick some Big Time Ass!
Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
I pressed the button because you pressed the button
Anybody go to Blackhawk that is a leader and a networker? I am looking for you!
I'm scared to ride a bike In the city. Legit saw a rider get hit by a bus.
Sounds like fun!
we bout to beat that ass
Thanks for the suggestions, I'll investigate tomorrow (bike is at work).
Doing wires right now to support a designer on a simple CMS site. Would be different if I was solo.
It's not a "special holiday message" when you send the same email to each of your million customers. In fact, it's just spam (or bacn).
one sentence at a time.
LOL oh its a great one. :P
seen your girl tweet nice you cook for her...
its going to be perfect as long the tornadoes stay away
We will be representing at the Madison Women's Expo today at the Alliant from 10am - 4pm. Stop by and say hello!
Now that grad school is coming to an end I am going to have to find a new reason to drink on week nights.
Hey, me too! ": I just got a GREAT dress today so if any guys wanna ask me out on a date, I'm now prepared.”
Who are you and what have you done with my brother?
ur welcome it must be really terrifyin i've never experienced a riot wit my own eyes
OMG U BETTER VISIT ME
the best idea after all :) haha lol
Just what this afternoon needed - is here for an Energy Break :-) yayyy
LA bound for some much needed R&R!
agreed. i'ld try re-installing the app before switching companies...i would hate to lose play lists.
is spending the night in Chicago with some of the bestest ladies ever.
Hammond is a fucking idiot.
REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY
best game ever.
I am a little pencil in the hand of a writing God who is sending a love letter to the world. ~Mother Teresa
awesome game man! Should be a good series
I bought lettuce, olive oil, and chocolate. In that order.
I just cannot enjoy that which I have heard thus far. I'm open to non-sucky suggestions.
I have a few ppl on my mind tonight. Its hard to sleep when ur mind wont rest.
Good Morning --- Happy Easter (:
": Should we take our whole allotment of time on #1 pick?"< more proof that you don't know what you're doing
« How many #GrizzNation fans just said YES!»
"Twitter sucks" - me 4 months ago. "Boy this crow sure tastes good!" - me today.
Taking a break from Twitter. Not making any tweets today, including this one.
DEAD PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Waiting for the mobile apps session at #DCWEEKCore and looking at conference tweets on #grandstand. My tweet will be the 8,570th!
rude. I do what I want.
Another gloomy day in NY, at least its thursday
Crazy day! While doing a presentation on Social Media Mktg we lost power. Anyone hear about an explosion today in Irvine?
So, uh, where's that new #MacPro?
Tom Cruise in hot water! Will he still be the next Ethan Hunt on MI4?
dude. so good. think I'll have a bowl of it now. Or six.
enjoyed your #pinterest workshop at today - i'm following some of your boards now :-)
what happened?
Now watching #familyfeud with my main man
Let's Go Bucs!
They had an undergrad certificate way back in the day, but it died before I got here.
Dang! That's a menu your wanting there lol!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Enjoy your family and friends
I went to my brothers school and I saw my 6th grade teacher wow she is pregnant 4 months surprise.
hahaha hysterical. Love it.
A lil' late night run never hurt anybody...2 or 3 miles at least. Not much, but better than nothing...see ya in a few
I can't wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend....
The piece I'm working on has changed so much that the title no longer works. Good titles are so hard to invent!
#LA warehouse party 4/21 from 11p-6a! RSVP 4 guest list. Everyone on guest list can join me on stage & b in next video
Named Tanner. And when she did it i started beating her up.... I have always been a bad kid
you always make me smile(: <3
Studies confirm. I don't much care for this footballess sunday.
possibly - nothing planned as of yet. How are things with you? Anything exciting in the pipeline?
Great day for New York basketball
Joined the iPhone world
have u ever noticed the best teachers arent sought after but rather they always find you? :)
Join THE SOCIAL SHOPPING REVOLUTION.
I try to hold my tongue when some people take COMPLETE ADVANTAGE of me because they are doing me a favor
We will be sure to take lots of pictures. :-)
Bullshit stream fuck the showcase I'm going to go play Civ IV everything hate
Nope, too fast for me
me too lol ok ima stop
I have no friends , don't want any either.
Congrats on his first call-up to the USMNT!
Hi Lauren, do u know where could we see the Sharks game in Houston tomorrow? RT : Playoff hockey is fun!
butt, you haven't noticed me, so how can you tell..? (; love you alex.
Dear Ryan O'Neal: Shut up. Sincerely, Everyone
WOAH WATCH OUT
Luckily for the Marlins Frank Francisco sucks just as much as Heath Bell.
Feels she's been playing a game of who's on first all day at work.
New rule: When forced into Sam's Club by mother, acknowledge no one and pretend you are there by mistake.
DailyHookahTip#95: Don't poke many holes on the outside edge of the foil, or else too much smoke-less air will come through.
haha but its kinda pretty!!!
what a great article, my friend! So happy for you!:)
Oklahoma St. Has never heard of a QB spyq
They can all kiss my WHITE ASS !!!
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH AND GUESS WHO'S PLAYING JASON???
I like you
Go and ]Follow for 100 new followers
Guess what ..... nothing ! hahahahha !
no hate
is my little sister(:
Need to download a book for the Kindle for my flight to #sxsw - suggestions welcome!
#OWS Atlanta protestors crying and yelling "police brutality" while being calmly and politely arrested.
Please note that when I apologized, I bowed with extraordinary grace. That's gotta count for something.
.man! wtf do i wear ?! (-.-) im not even in the mood anymore.!
twitter not the same
My mom got my vegetarian sister a dress made of lamb leather
You are doing a great job Six!
Yes that was an earthquake! Did anyone feel it in Columbus?
#wna2012 Visit SPJ- Madison booth at WNA /AP convention Marriott West in Middleton
Ut Oh! Don't do it! Lol
why the fuck did that bitch give me a C
This could stand repeating: Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice! A San Su favorite!
Is it just me, or does Craig Counsell have zero bat speed? He's the new king of the blooper out to shortstop.
Ecstatic about playing w/ Nomadic @ Murphy's tonight in Boone, NC on 8/19/11. Come out and show us some Boone love!
Artists & arts professionals! Connect, Learn & Share Ideas at the #CreativeChiExpo on March 23 & 24 We will see you there!
Thanks for the follow Alyssa!
In my dream last night I was dating a dwarf who told me my boobies look really big in pictures but small in real life.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom! - Thanks for letting me suck your tit until I was 8.
Love seldom and trust never
Just got my phone back they did not do a good job....they want me to bring it back Monday rrrrrrgg
JOZY GREAT,performance this weekend NICE GOALS look forward to you smashing in goals against ITALY
amazing show last night in SF! They are more dynamic than any rock band I've EVER SEEN.
Does your law firm have a twitter account yet? Its a good idea to get yours now before someone takes your name!
i spelled waste wrong as hell in that tweet!
Thank you too everyone that is following me(:
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
This professor is French + has an accent. Makes risk + derivatives sound sexeeeeee oui oui!
get a job, wouldja?
JC CAN YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE COME TO SIX FLAGS TOMORROW IF U CAN JUST FOR A COUPLE HOURS I REALLY REALLY REALLY WANNA MEET YOU!
this world. Our value Systems are not = or do they make sense. People dont want the truth. and more $ doesnt make us better than others
When I woke up I thought of you.
Pretty cool how you always hate on people for grammar issues when you have flaws yourself.
Osama Bin Laden has been killed.
#qwest can you pick up the phone and call #Verizon???? Please turn my phone back on.
drum machines ain't got no soul
hahahahaha you're something else, something amazing though ;{) love you!
what's good fam seen u perform before at one of Yos shows I was supposed to perform at lol follow back fam
thank you for the #FF, John
cant wait for my big day!
Miss u already!
Really love this 20 pt lead. Keep it up #Buckeyes!
Don't miss tonight's show: Open Minded Mic and An Alternative to the Alternative.
Ugh! SO SORRY! I didn't message you!!! I feel like a jerk! But obviously we didn't make it to seattle. We took Julisa on a 45
Weapon X is retiring. One of my fave of all time!
Maybe is a lot of wonderful things...#Modesty DEFINITELY isn't one of them A bit of #Humility wld be good.
There's something cool about seeing the Washington Monument enshrouded in fog. Totally new perspective.
naked nap time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Did you get it! :O
wow, thanks Brennin. That means so much comin from you! ;)
Ha! Poor guy ..
Madison's Steve Stricker has average 1st-round scoring average of 73.4 in the past 5 years Needs to change for him to win
Vicky - I have to admit your daily tweetpaper has a really interesting name... :p
well I could be wrong, is it written anywhere that they can't? They can be an author on a paper, why not review?
that Four Year Strong is coming over my beard is goin' to be in!haha!
The tag of unbreakable in dog toys does not apply to pit bulls... Cleaning up the insides of the unbreakable toy.
Yup! That's the show.
The best part about watching the penguins broadcast was seeing how bitter the announcers were
Oomf puts a smile on my face thanks <U+E414><U+E056><U+E328>
The Hobbit often makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a production too.
I don't even know how many times I have listened to #SaySomethin <3
Have fun! send pictures!
highlight of my night.
Happy mother's day, lady! Hope you are spoiled and rewarded for your wisdom and kindness.
OMG that's the one :D
Kickball team = Tyrannosaurus Wrecks, hence Demetral is Jurassic Park, and I'm the mayor BOOM!
but why the road closures and racing #Amtrak police? “: All federal buildings, CNN, Gtown Law -- all evacuated.”
Fantastic day at Skintastic. What a joy to Fotofacial & laser the most wonderful ppl. for sundamage & hormonal pigmentaion. Come join us
Thank you booboo :-* have a good day too, don't get lost :o! Lol
Do you have a poem? Mine? #Phillis Wheatley's Imagination. Happy #poeminyourpocketday!
I bet she is really good
No problem! The two characters in the comic, I found to be super cute and had interesting personalities xD!
Today I'm hiding out the in yearbook office so I can get LOTS (hopefully) done. No one can bother me here :)
good luck
Stunt So Hard, Everybody Gotta Watch Me..
My bitch is in the closet
Me 2! RT if u don't eat perfectly (myself included) u may need vitamins to...I take calcium, D, omegas MVI
a stump has been dug into and it has a bottom
doesn't its trailer ruin CABIN IN THE WOODS too? I watched it the other day and was mad (I blame Hulu).
or the outcast.
Good luck this weekend! We will be there cheering you guys on tomorrow! #WGI :)
Here's To The Kids Who Listen to their music as loud as possible to drown out reality.
Thx Larry Williams for blog about #virtual #staging & referencng us! Congrats 2 u rankng TOP 25 #realtor teams n #Houston!
you made me a believer of why individuals need a coach. To achieve an excellence level in what they do!
Mathai I love her voice <3 you go girl , good performance (:
My god I'm glad I don't have your job.
#MLA lists format for how to cite tweets. Hey Chicago Manual of Style, where are you?
Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else there is Google.
Look out Miami - the are ready for you. See you Saturday!
I also want to incorporate the offer in our corporate eSignatures and a call-to-action in our blogs
I may be the first Minnesotan to eat an Asian carp. So how did it taste? KSTP-TV at 10pm.
Retweet For Shout Outs
Fire alarm goes off during exam...this is fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! and thanks for all you do for the community!
somebody just blew me on facebook....dumb people..literally
Eating my first this morning (Strawberries & Cream). Um, hi... delicious. Will be eating many more.
I really think there should be a daughters day.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
I tried this whole school with food poisoning stuff. Went to the nurse's office to lie down. She told me I looked terrible and sent me home
I didn't know played first base for Indy. Go
Today certainly wasn't fun last night on the other hand..
Happy Swirly Monday everyone! Let's make today and the rest of the work week a great one, shall we?!
Shout out to my mom for believing in me when everyone else had lost faith. When I make it, you get it all! Happy Mother's Day.
sorry to hear that I was real bad when my brother died but I came to learn he isn't gone he is always with me in my heart
Dig me up from under what is covering, The better part of me, Remind me that we'll always have each other, When everything else is gone
Anyone wanna hit up the driving range today? Gotta work that golf game
Likewise. What's good stranger? ;-)
local #crackcoffee it is!
yes, the custom program is only offered to those who have sent in postcards, but yes we are looking for testers.
I am too tired, even to tweets. Sorry guys I will tweet at you tommorrow. Have a peaceful night and sweet dreams!
what's the address
Defensive lineman that can rush the qb on a consistent basis.
SORRY I DON'T LIKE TO STARE...but how can you wear a tank top WITH A DIRTY ASS BRA??..straps all big hanging of ur shoulders #c'monSon
now there's an idea. Don't know why Mother Nature hates
Go Giants!!!
Can't wait to go buy #UnderTheMistletoe by , His new album super geeked! I freaking love justin bieber!
So cute!
RT What could you buy with a executive's salary?
Something comforting not recognizing anyone on the cover of gossip magazines
Web Hosting Talk: Book Cheap Flights To Any First-Rate Destination ...
Yes, having a lovely day, thx! You? Got book #4 off to final editors and taking a break before searching for reviewers.
Let the creativity never cease!
same here
Hate going to this Walmart -_-
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
Tomorrow head to the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference to meet Mary Kay Andrews as well as other great southern authors!
Totally. If you're ever bored, I wrote a paper during my 1st year on how these accounts are like specters that haunt our networks.
Alex and her youth group :)
My belly is still full of Firehouse subs. Mm... Thanks to and the !
Big prayers. #cancersucks :(
god i wanna go home already
Some of our coaches just choose plain old oatmeal with fruit.
hey there- i know someone who may fit the bill- can you follow me back and i will DM your their contact info
RT or Follow for your RNGeezies in Louisiana!! we LOVE you!:D
"You should send me a message in a bottle."
Amen brother!
Two songs down. One to go.
Phew...Almost done packing! I am very ready to be off to Arizona tomorrow morning!
It is fair to compare Bud (and prefer it) versus similarly brewed and marketed labels.
We've operated off a points system since 06 to avoid cheating. Like 1pt for a house, 5 for e-card, 10 with yrd sign.
#Applebee's has a delicious version of that!
Does anyone else remember when NBC was good at airing shows? No? Never mind then.
Every girl wants a guy that knows what he want and is smart enough to appreciate what he already has
On the way to Victoria!
WAIT WHAT?!
Holy Crapballs what an episode all of a sudden I am craving a rare ribeye!!
If you would have bet AGAINST all 4 of my "winning picks" yesterday, you would've won all 4 gms!
That moment when you get hyped when you have more than one notification on facebook and you see its just a stupid Event Invite.
Native Stock Pictures is available to photograph within any American Indian tribal community. We have lots of connections.
Screw per-calc.
Heh. RT : there/their/they're - What, seriously? This confuses you?
Carina <3 I'm so in love with you :D
Welcome aboard
Thanks for the follow.
I was at the metronomy show last night and a girl complained about a 4 dollar water with a #louisvuittonpurse. #shitushould not do with that
#nowplaying Meechy - Imma Rapper - artist that needs more recognition
WHO THE FUCK WOULD WANT TO LIVE IN KANSAS CITY!? ;)
The waters wear the stones.The Book of Job 14:19
HUGE,,,,50%OFF,,,,,,SALE going on in are stores call for more info or 561-748-8801
don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground.
Vice Prez of Global Design at GM is a Brotha AND he designs his own clothing line! Don Butler, head of Cadillac marketing is too!
So many birthday s/os lol
I saw that you will be presenting at #BookExpo. Sounds like a great session - good luck!
I need the refueling too, otherwise I will be dragging all afternoon.
the morning is a scary time to be awake in west nashville. s/o to my construction workers spookin' me.
seriously. Total buzzkill every time
Apparently the low battery ping on my computer is reason enough to go on a barking parade and thrust oneself repeatedly onto the glass door
was the order random? For the ten followers or was it in order?
you are my favorite sg in the NBA i think you should be starting
#nf YO MOTHER STRAIGHT INTO THE BEDROOM!
Twoo more weeks of school.
God Morning Madison, SMBMad regulars and newbies RT : Good morning #smbmad !
burne hogart. you rock my world.
at least it is friday and there might be some sun breaks today :)
thanks for the intro Marla. Where are u now Chris? We're moving to Quy Nhon in May to live. Can't wait.
Dude on a bike tried to sell everyone on our crew switchblades for $5. Love shooting movies in South Central.
damn u was FIERCE on dat hoop :D
I friking love u
Remember when I gave a fuck? No? Oh me either ;3
I think Sarah had one of her parties after the dance...what a mess haha
I'm so bored with people telling me how to do the future of libraries. GOT MY OWN THING NOW, thank you very much.
yes sir!!!
: guess what I bought tonight on iTunes? By my side! I love that song.keep up the wonderful work(:
Sweet dreams #smbmad land, see you bright and early at Memorial Union!
My mom got tanked and I wasn't even even there. First time she got tanked.
Oh How I love Friday!
TOO HYPE! WE'RE DEEP AND THE COMMERCIAL HASN'T EVEN PLAYED YET!!!!!!!
ok, showing my age. It's called Space Oddity. :-)
Haa whuu she took me off her top friends ....this bitch is stupeeed blasted SSKKKRRRRTT
the song of your body electric #whatwillyousellwhenallcontentisfree?
not romance. Normally I read books on program in or design... trying to branch out.
Committee of the Whole is about to begin. We will be voting on the budget.
How long before we see an Android-based Kindle device from Amazon? My spidey-sense is tingling.
HAHAHAHA we will be looking sexy hahaha
It's so hot in my apartment <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
RT : AH I LOVE IT!! I went there for the first time today and I must say I am now addicted;) /Awesome- thanks!
Good to see San Diego's first responders @ MM town council, RB last week. They don't get enough credit for what they do.
The Motto
Look within. Be still. Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way. ~Buddha
NONONONO IM GOING AWAY.....
When you have cable & cant find something good to watch you get depressed. When you get depressed, you attend seminars.
Starting off Sunday with some fat dabs of Pure Kush Nectar!!!
Why aren't you Twitter verified if this is the real one? has 27,000 followers. How do I know it's fake?
Casting real siblings - boy 9-10 & girl 6 -7 caucasian....excellent pay....anyone fit the spec?
que paso ? ;o
- sorry about that! must have gotten lost in our email mountain. Can you resend your message to ? Thanks!
on the bright side, my calves are going to be toned and ill be super tanned.
Pairing Wine & Chocolate – Martin Ranch Winery
Companies need to developed a policy that encompass social media
I didn't get to take a nap
Watching #EmpireRecords extended edition... its strange but it's not nearly as good as the shorter version.
It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to book your transportation with Integrity!
this Guy should be followed by stalkers jealous babydaddies and out of work mimes
Mom: Oh my scrotum hurts (when referring to her hamstring... Don't ask how that makes sense!)
also, im completely okay with this being a spoiler, that guy in the cloak, that's Meryl isn't it?
Tip #2. Eat a variety of foods. Your body needs nutrients and many different vitamins and minerals from a variety of foods.
Ur all heart.....all heart! But the CDB app is still da bomb - everyone needs to get it! (shameless Sunday plug for ya!)
wow, that is something! Winter here in Chicago has not been colder than 30. March will be interesting.
I'm going to a #Titanic dinner 4/12 #Titanic Trivia: Walter Lord, author of A Night to Remember, P'39
Looks like all the #Saints players will appeal their bounty punishments. But with those appeals going back to Goodell, you can't expect much
MT : "Happy Emancipation Day in D.C. (4/16/1862) ...Centuries of unpaid labor. Taxation w/o representation today."
VETERANS DAY SALE! 50 OFF ALL GIFTS!
": Flipping burgers w/ a license plate. #tailgateproblems #skcgameday #ibelievethatwewillwin"
Yes, and it was very very good. A good study break, I'd say.
yea got ya. Just was wondering if that was the one being referred to.
thanks its call back trial but will see if I get the full contract! Right now though focusing on sports!!!
#LegallyBlondetheMusical NEXT YEAR BABY.
That is ridiculousness
Oh, no, you diiin't, Don!
The Bacchae, Shepherds Plays, La Celestina, Bartholemew Fair, The Seagull, Angels in America.... What else?
the sweeps already ended it says
...yes. I'll double check but yes hahaha
“: Just announced next season's speakers! President Bill Clinton, Steven Spielberg and Doris Kearns Goodwin, Dr. Jane Goodall.
Tweet me?
Never trust a man who takes a name like 'Kenneth' and turns it into 'Kenny'
never had that problem with any of my devices. Look at SquareTrade for breakage insurance. new Applecare handles iPad accidents
3pm is tight for us and the start of dinner rush. We are available earlier in the day.
Just because YOU wear labels doesn't mean YOU can afford them. We both know, so stop fronting! FOH
Who's Your Daddy Badger?! #Wisconsin, that's who!
The Scream painting freaks me out.
Can't say with any certainty at this time. But I will throw one hell of a party when it comes out.
honey someones got to get you out of the house! its friday nite!
still. U never know...and that is scary. Will persevere through the uncertainty when it is time. Hope insurance covers a lot.
Skateboarding and swimming
lesbiii real here. Your boys suck.
I got my package today! I think I'll make an 'unboxing' video.
Holy faculty procrastination, Batman! Paper due for an important journal next week, and you want me to do your lit review now?
Good Morning :)
Today is the day Marquette and IU both move on to the Sweet 16! Bring on tip off!
me 2.... U R really kind...and talk to me tomorrow okay..bye <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms and especially those in the Statewide Family
Good luck to all the teams remaining in the GFL playoffs. Look for a new Rage website and new talented, focused players this offseason.
If You think I'm ugly, Unfollow Me. If you think I'm cute Retweet this. If You Have A Crush On Me Send Me A <3
South street is the place to be tonight!! DOUBLE V BOOKINGS presents Imbala & Enstride w/Surgeon,Honor & Shot into the Sun at the TLA 7pm!
Headed to the Carlos Museum at Emory University to see the Egyptian mummies.
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #personal because...
Zero motivation- anyone have some I can borrow?
Happy #EarthDay! Do your part to help the environment.
1 Peter 2:12 Honor and serve God everywhere you go. Don’t be a hypocrite outside of the sanctuary and react to situations out of anger.
ok! Just let me know :)
Camp all weekend with !(:
My mom just took my stiches out. i feel okay now i quess.
Calling all Dallas Ft Worth - Mortgage Industry Professionals check out www.therecruitingfirm.net
finally listening to Skyscraper #chills :')
HAHAHAHAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST READ.
YES! Party Zeit!
HOPE YOU FOLLOW...
Seeking #RubyonRails Developers for contract-to-hire positions. Contact me at .
heh, I have the books on iBooks but have been dragging my heels to read'em--was hard enough watching the Lannisters on the show!
man it's late
I value thinking over all angles and perspectives. I value seeing what criticisms are accurate-- of the system and our society.
Listening to throwback Drake songs, because I have nothing else better to do on my Friday night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
My magic brings Voldemort to the yard, and I'm like it's hurting my scar. Damn right, it hurts my scar. You can touch it, ouch not too hard.
I am but not to want a man who is already married. Kinda not cool! Great musician though!
can't stop watching 's Houdini video. the dancing is too adorable
gotta get down on fridaay
i believe u the good one when it comes to us 4 im good too but the other two not so sure abaut lol
Welcome to our twitter world: , , &
Drive is showing at the Majestic. Wanna see it this weekend? LMK
I know I should write but I feel like sleeping.
Is the new it word "activiate"? People talking about "activating" SD bay, "activating" an artwork, "activating" their potential...
RT : Photo: Congratulations Hillary Richerson! This is an exciting time for both the faculty of The Dance Center/congrats!
Hello to our new followers!!!
DailyHookahTip#62: Don't light quick-start #coals on the #hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your
not long bcuz im about to leave & say fuck it & call him
Back to NY thursday. Can't decide if I'm happy to go back or sad to leave.
I just don't get twitter ... I'm trying peeps forgive me if I been boring lol follow me still tho lol cause it's cool !
Holy Sunshine. 79 today Portland. Can you believe it! What are you doing out in the sun today?
Watching NFL Today and saw group of Texans fans supporting their team in Baltimore. Love seeing that! Love Houston sports fans!
I will try 21:55 is my best so I may be a little greedy haha. But I've been training so we will see
Paul's Boutique = freshman year college. Thanks, Adam.
#lcd Peerless PLA60 LCD TV Mount
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I wanna go home
Breaking News Check Out My Splash
Hey Neema how are you ? Heard the premier of your last movie was great !
Yep im sleepy, time to take a nap...wait im still at work....:-P oh well, a nap it is
Gottlieb picks UW and MU to lose...what else is new?
oh dear..... know you're mad again.... here, imma go hied somewhere in russia while you rage at errybody.
i wish i could walk around like the
It's interesting when when you realize that something bothers you far more than you would have thought. Makes you question what's behind it.
Anything>Anything
Night shift starts now. Night shift viewing is THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS.
Looking for a place to host your birthday, bachelorette, or private party this weekend? Email
I wear Adidas, I wear Nike at the same damn time... Lol
what are you talking about? That is gross, junk basketball...
Looks like there is going to be a great turn out for the Hopkins Football "Happy Hour" in NYC tomorrow night.
RT Not sure I can fit more on to this already overflowing plate...
draw each other with condiments on a table
haha that's a shocker ;) I remember when you were too cool to tweet. Now you're even cooler for tweeting.
We utilize an outsourced security company to keep your freight safe around the clock at our distribution centers
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! No mercy Mike Accursi gets his first of the night with assists going to Jamieson and Point.
Somebody put Show down. It's over. This sucks.
Jessi: Why does this shoe fit wierd? Me: jessi its on the wrong foot...
Almost time ta do barber competition,time ta back my Big Mouth!!!!!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected by #cancer help
follow 4 a Follow
I was so sad thay you deleted your videos and now there nack woth more views then ever! So happy and proud #ProudOfAustin <3 :) RT this?
Whew,just finished my book proposal- equal parts pain & redemption.Reminds me that u must go through good Friday to revel in Easter Sunday.
Thank you & O for the espresso and visit.
Hey! Thanks for the follow! Tally Bound right?
More importantly, how does he still get hitters out with a low 80s fastball? He's an athletic marvel
Both, I did that too for a while
I think I'm gonna watch all Madonna tours
Becky Griffin speaking now at Harvard Israel conference Herzl Talks.
#FF and thanks! to new followers -Have a great weekend!
walt keeps getting parking tickets for not moving his truck.
One thing I don't do is play with peoples feelins ...!
Yes! I want cupcakes. I'm down for whenever too. Haha.
You're gay.
JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound whipped the crowd into a soul-induced frenzy. Rare to see an audience at the Black Cat so engaged and joyful.
40 minutes left of class and my coffee and snacks almost gone #fml <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i swear #whitechicks is the stupidest movie.. but its really funny!!
no kidding! I wanted 1 bar of ivory to make detergent but couldn't find anything but a huge pack.
yea I have it
Check the stats my tweets winning..
#20ThingsAboutMe I dislike with a passion Lil Wayne
I need costume ideas for Halloween..
"the new x" = new way of say "post-x" without sounding passé?
Join us after 6pm ~ We are offering 1/2 price bottles of wine.
Teenage girls I know how you can loose 10 pounds....take off your make up.
I've drank AT LEAST a gallon of sangria since this vacation began. I would call that a success.
*quietly removes Dialog from resume* (what? my prof assured us it demonstrated some kind of skill or another.)
who's coming to #CLE on fri ? oh yea, is spinning at !!!
If a boy has dimples it immediately makes them so much more attractive
me too! <3
Proper preparation prevents poor performance
LOL I wish.
why two?
True story. Happened in the car today. RT : Note to self. Don't ask if he can say bullsh*t... He might just surprise you!
Im going to have to find time this weekend to go pick up #kiss the sun goodbye since i dont have time this week
jealous times infinity at your kid cuisine
Cant back track wit ya babe I'm a better man today then I was when I was wit ya now I need a better woman!!!!
Sohns/TGLH Split Release Party at The 1011. Make sure you all show up and buy something cool to wear or listen to. Its a 10" LP Release! :)
This is why designers drink heavily...
I hope what I am hearing is not true because I will be soo sad! but I am super happy for you! just keep staying fabulous =)
Just signed up for a social media camp hosted by #SMCSD! Can't wait!
If u in Cleveland tonight make sure u come down to #topsandbottoms and c all this ASS on the pole
Dude he was shitty. I think you've should've gotten at least a B. Seriously!
Ernest Hemingway once said "we are all a little stronger in the broken places"
Final round of Christian's tattoo today!! Almost done!
#MyFavoriteGagaAlbumIsHerNextOne Now trending Nation-wide. LETS GO WORLD-WIDE LITTLE MONSTERS!
pmp is taken...commonly used for pimp. You obviously don't listen to enough rap music.
doesnt matter they belong to you too.
#Nutella brownies are amazing. Can't wait to eat them!
This problem is pretty pervasive in psych research. You can basically open any journal and see it.
oh wait waaaaat needed an extra a
You shouldn't have to wait until Mothers day to acknowledge your mother you should do it EVERYDAY !
all righty then :-) the link to mine is in my user info. Cmft \m/ <3
Okay... Hey How about some full screen trailers?
oops go help get more likes for video not =D
Who the hell wants to hear actors talk? H.M. Warner, Warner Brothers, 1927.
U gotta check wit my road manager
loved it!
I have a preso 8-10am and serve as on a panel on OSS 1-3pm. I think I might need drinks way before the tweet-up that day.
I will NEVER forget!
Best prank call ever: "Hello, Dominos?"... "Yes, how may I help you?" .. "What's the number to call Pizza Hut?"
Can't stop listening to "Payphone", i Love Maroon5 (:
Google Insights trends: Gideon Sundback, Zerg Rush and NFL dominate searches
DO YOU WANT TO SHUT THE FUCK UP?!?!! said me to every spam tweet asking me if i was to make money tweeting.
Chip is staying... Now that was a close one...
What do you think about standardizing professional development content for #preschool #teachers?
Happy New Year!
Hmm I wonder who want's to be our 100th liker? They might get something speacial if they are! ~Ashley
the weather is perfect! Good exercise and cheap thrills!
I say you can't judge a book by its cover.
Damn mystical has no limit
it is definitely not snowing cause i don't see a damn thing falling down
Feeling dead.
Just 24 hours until ! Super excited for #IBSNYC !
I keep thinking of things like "Mannibble" and "Beloved," because I go for "My young man." BUT WE WILL GET THERE
we haven't shipped any yet but we can do it.
Massive headache
Thanks for coming in Saturday, chica. I know how much Martha appreciates you. PS Thanks for posting a pic of our bar!
Seizing opportunities today creates more for tomorrow! DM
So beautiful and clear in Cali after the rain!
oh boy this should be good
cameron! Please follow me
Last 2 games I get it all in preflop with best hand & get rivered or beat on flop. Tonight was my KK vs AJ, flop comes A2A.
wen am i gunna see my boy??
:( We'll try to find one for you.
looking forward to seeing you in des moines on your way to wrigley.
South park some funny shit lol
Thanks! It's the very least I could offer to this world. LOL
be there on five...“: i would really appreciate someone coming over here to flat iron my hair.”
Yes...it's so depressing.<U+E403><U+E113> muy depressing. <U+E50F>
Rain or Shine we will still buy back your books! just hide it from the rain
Happy #Valentine's Day to all!
Two souls with but a single thought,..two hearts that beat as one."
I know! It turns out the donkey was for the procession at the church I sing at? LOL
It's not morning but GoodMorning it's that I just woke up :/ lol and what's your favorite soccer team :P lol ?
just got done working out=bed time. Raincheck?
sorry fell back asleep lol and making breakfast
. it's okay to get comment from a concerned party, but do you think they would say ANYTHING else besides scares on teen drug use?
Out at the Tao bar where you at!!?
I'm trying to convince a non-geek group to use Adobe Connect. Do you know of a Connect recording that wow'd you & recorded the webcam? Thx!
.. LMAO, yea I love his laugh. And his vids. Esp his sports vids. Always such classic shit.
Hola! We're Southport Lanes - a former brothel, speakeasy and gambling hall turned vintage bowling alley & Lakeview staple!
"cantankerous" was stuck to the bottom of my laptop...it's up for grabs as well.
diet drinks are gross
Sure thing!!
#etech You have no idea what your twitter messages are being used for. And you don't WANT to know.
Thanks. Just fitting.
Very little women . Alot of hoes.
Let my son pick his own summer activities and he chose books- LOADS of them.Then he wrote his own short work of fiction.
retweeted one just for you :)
Big boys make plays.
Crazy night. This San Pellegrino is going down a little too easily.
The are fucking sick!
Madison's mom was creepin....
its really annoying...you'll be mad for me!
Yankees win. Obviously(:
SO HAPPY FOR YOU ARTSY FARTSY
Too bad my class will be interrupting nonstop basketball tomorrow! :(
OH last night at dinner: "C'mon! We're going to get our drink on and party with Eastern Europeans!"
#iconference10 - Training is insufficient to support learning!
Jeremy Lin is on the cover of SI for the second week in a row. Michael Jordan holds the SI cover record with three in row.
I don't see whats so great about Lana either
there was a network power outage but our techs got it fixed pretty quickly. thanks for listening!
JHU Medical researchers discover new rejuvenation properties of brain stem cells, reversing age-related brain cell loss ~ Cell, 06-24-11
good go see wsp wit her
thanks for the follow. I hope to see plenty about curly hair....which is in no short supply for me.
preslee I don't think that's a nap. More like hibernation.
First correct answer wins and I will DM the winner...
"you're like a sexy toddler"
just a wee bit :)
what's exxiting?
Yaaayyyy :) RT Yea ill b there thursday RT : you still coming out here
mentioned you the otha day. Wassup! #Follow back
RT : You should move somewhere like, say, Galatia IL (where I grew up) and you will never be faced with such things.
I cry every time I watch that xD
It's up to YOU to get your chance to shine.
Tune in right now to #MSNBC "A Stronger America - Making The Grade". Be a part of the discussion and solution!
Come back. IMY.
Watching Scooby Doo with Alex. Wow, Velma is so horny. I never realized that as a kid.
There are numbers and researches saying that the older generations are willing to use SM and they're the biggest %s on some forms.
I'm gonna be SO sore in the morning...
A trend I don't like: Big-budget U.S. films playing in other countries before North America. If you make it here, show it here first.
S/o 2 all my followers they r da bomb no joke
Sandra Braman continues the run of excellent introductions & brings (back) history.
Speaking of biscuits, my wife makes INCREDIBLE biscuits. Worthy of committing murder over, even WITHOUT butter.
same here !!
lol who cares we are who we are *Ke$ha voice*
Hey... Sent you a DM. Ttyl
Delete Yourself is the only ATR album that doesn't belong in the trash
I just want Justin to perform so I could go to sleep.
This isn't nearly as cool now.
Glad the dinner was a great success! Wish we could have been there. Next time!
How is everything in Milwaukee?
See you then !
Hey Twitter-ville! Follow He is funny and cool.
Pulling into parking lot at #natspark. Time to open the darn gates.
BELIEVE TOUR DATES COME OUT NEXT WEEK! OHMYGOD
Chapel was on point this morning!!
Great op-ed about hunters who oppose the NRA! I wonder what type of ammo you use for hunting... is it lead-based?
If you have sight, open your eyes and do not be spiritually blind.
that's great. Hopefully you'll be hearing from someone soon!
Playing the ukulele AND dancing like Beyonce. Uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh... One more round. Oh! Ab workout from laughing.
Give us an update when you can!
why should girls eat pinnapples
Happy Easter everyone. I hope you have fun up there Evan. R.I.p.little bro <3
i just saw that yesterday! its amazing!!
Just woke up from a dream that I was in another accident!
"i want you to take over control, plug it in and turn me on"
I had dinner tonight at Las Palamas. Being a person who speaks only English, I had trouble making my order clear..& forget about asking ?s..
How Progressive is it to believe that government has the right by force of death to compel redistribution..Mao comes to mind? Monster Tyrant
You have a good eye... I think they actually did!
Don't see left-handed bassists often!
swamps and mountains are where its at.
Congrats and good luck with the new gig!
lol, YES We Do !
Happy Thanksgiving! So thankful for everything, & I hope our band stays together. xoxo- Tori
What would be your number one tip for candidates that have a video interview in the near future?
thats when you stop texting dude then ma lol
I use to think happiness could be something that happened to somebody else.
Kay thanks.
Eisenhower: "Battle plans = good, til shooting starts." Don't get too attached to plan; improvise & adjust, says True 4 mktg!
I don't care who wins the NCAA tourney, as long as it's not "The Ohio State University". Sorry ! :)
Potential band names from #minnewebcon: "Food for Party" and "Tables for Layout"
Now watching #womeninblack!!! #mood:scared
Thanks for the #FF ! Back at ya!! Have a fab weekend :)
that's linsane.
My morality in a nutshell: maximize free will. Love and compassion are our biggest generators of free will
is my little babe
can't wait to see you light it up!!
How the hell is it only 1-0?
My cat's ass tastes like smelt. I'm goin' for second's!!!!!
Brian Matusz is without a doubt the weakest link in the O's rotation.
Bo banned Colts bc Packers play them this year RT : headlines blender: Colts to take Jared Uthoff w No. 1 pick.
My cat snores like a creepy mouth breathing subway pervert; therefore i must make him a lil trench coat.
And im only gettin older , somebody should have told you , Im On One ! :)
The Letter 3 is my new favorite band. Get to the sidebar and drink a beer with me!
Ready ready ready ready for sunday already! I look forward to practice so much every week ha
I thought the same thing about that adorable doggie! What a cutie!
¤ Love the ones you can. Touch the ones you can reach. Let the others go. Real Live Preacher
But billy had to leave you know i would of takings picture of you guys & . Next time take your camera I know you were
Looking forward to opening up at the next week! Founded by & Ken Tominaga!
thanks so much! what a great response time:)
Thank YOU for stopping by! RT : thanks for a great workday lunch!! Can't wait to come back :)
Don't be afraid to be challenged, hurt, or offended and not feel the need to fight back.
It's weird not talking to you everyday! Come back from Canada!
that was racist what you did to
mos def! Hit me up when you get in.
She's many things but her message this morning was very inspiring.
I'm at a payphone... Where have the good times gone? ...now I'm paralyzed still stuck in that time... I'm at a payphone <U+E327>
God damn, Ms, Jackson, I say GOD DAMN!!
Sad! Very sad. RT North Carolina passed Amendment One. Unbelievable.
Reading this tweet is already one of the greatest regrets of my life. America, America, this is yoooooooooo
Finally! Vending machine would have to do for now...
lol that retweets my tweets with comments but never texts me smh
lol I feel ya! Follow me back fellow Florida writer!
": RT if you're Mexican, Asian, Puerto Rican, White, Italian, Black, Dominican, or mixed"
Here we go. Full gas
Alright it is getting late here. Let the Summer of George continue
Thanks for the
YAYY! maybe now they'll play it on the radio stations? :D
Oh great ! just warned us they're about to raise And lower the roof!
I dig this tweet. Hope u get home Safe! RT : RT : Too engaged to tweet! #kced with
#uwm library is giving out ramen / selling 25 cent books under south overhang.
We're absolutely here to help, but at the end of the day you ultimately have to make the decision to commit and put in the work!
I guess #Heatnation going to bed early
what ninja, nope it means a stealthy assassin type of person. and Nigga has been in my vocab since 10. so it stays.
Maul ends in touch - free kick tigers
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. ---- Robert A. Heinlein
Just saw and pistachio commercial. So cute. They're the most genuine couple.
Rain needs to hurry up and get here. I wanna see #Rangers tonight. So let's get this crap weather over with!
its been forever since i have seen youu!
Excited to announce as our official sponsor for the Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE...one week prior to the film festival!
my point
Rec #1: Target state aid dollars at students whose potential to succeed is most constrained by limited resources.
yeah he's played on MW3 with us before, finally got him on ELITE and twitter
Very medicated on west coast home grown Larry OG & gotta say It is very good and I'm honing my skills
my stomach and hip hurts
Special thanks of Newark and Bloomfield with their generous donation of holiday ornaments and trees! Let the festivities begin!
Jerimaih Harris tried to eat my damn finger today
Jesus: Tell My children that I do not regret My Passion on the Cross.
Johnny bs Antioch tonite 925 let's go #lightsonblackparty no cover early lounge jump off
Watching #Avengers 3d
When I Get You Alone
I watched the sunrise this morning. What a beautiful sight. Miracles sometimes come in the most simple ways. Begin to see ur miracles today.
Character and personal force are the only investments that are worth anything. - Walt Whitman
Only #36DAYS untill Believe comes out, and after Boyfriend and Turn To You, we couldn't be more excited.
Boun Jour!! Breakfast in Rome and now lunch in Paris. Q Tal.
I think I'm the only one who thinks that taco bell is shit food lol.
Horrible migraine! Up cleaning the house doesn't make it any better! <U+E30F>
Just heard about runner in conservation area, tripped, broke his ankle, passed out, phone out of reach. Shld be an App for that
"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure."
keep pitching well; it's a stacked system but light on lefties; you'll be in Frisco by summer
Studies have shown that an elderly person copes better, both physically and mentally, in his or her own
Stupid voices stop asking me where did I go wrong in life. Obviously I DON'T KNOW.
I'm on my way to cali
Dear self, why didn't I write the rough draft like a good student so I didn't have as much to do for the final draft?
You could be Peter Pan :)
RT : Retweet this if you've got your Winterhawk gear on and are ready to watch game 5 tonight! #WHLChampio ...
Great win for Bucky and a sweep for the weekend over RIT. Nice start to the second half.
Follow Me Thanks Khaled
I think you can take comfort in this - as I recall, Bobb has a good vision with a keen business sense.
Now GayJesus is listening to WasnotWas and answering to the songs questions. wow.
I got mind control, when kelly Rowland come around i be quiet, when she leaves i be talking again.
Bring some friends and join the traditional Sunday Roast or feast to get rid of that hangover | 11AM |
i'm so annoyed & i wanna rant :( wompwomp to tumblr i go.
Solo piano tnite, Sunset Towers (tower bar) at 7pm. Time to work out some stride!
Jealousy is very unattractive.
not essential, as long as you have maraschino and lemon
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO THE SINGLE FATHER'S TOO!! TODAY IS JUST AS MUCH YOUR DAY AS IT IS OURS!
that's pretty good.
Morning ! Who should I start w 2 find out if the schools in N. Dekalb hv full team football equipment but S. Dekalb doesn't?
I think the girl in the Rimmel mascara commercial should worry about fixing her buck teeth more than her eyelashes.
Any recommendations on grill times for Chicken Kabobs - 8 to 10 is usually good with beef?
ill post some when I get some!!
apply 4 target! =]
We won't forget those who help us out!! Let's do it!!
I was born ready, bitch.
can u please follow me P.S. Your beautiful!!!!!:))
you trying to get a gf and free medical care all in one? a 2 for 1?
thanks for finding for me! U rock!
then what you standing on, chiquito?
And now my Kings fandom begins... Please don't let the Yotes make it any farther. For the sake of hockey...
People don't limit ur self who is this person that says we can't do what we want to do
Storyboards delivered! (For an excerpt... still exciting!)
you literally named the greatest thing on earth
Actually at Kennedy
“: RT : Gee, I can't wait for the Ipad3 to come out - and see what's outdated on my Ipad2”. Odds are Siri.
Thanks! Which would you recommend? I think I'll start a new Goodreads shelf labeled "RA"...
Just for the record I've changed.
Chris Palmer is the 3rd best troll at ESPN behind Skip Bayless and Stephen A. Smith. No question.
I'm sorry..
do it! we do it all the time down here...white is so cooling in the southern heat! but gotta love NOLA!
hey ash did u see one direction on SNL
My sperrys are breaking.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark. -- Rabindranath Tagore
The fire dept across the street from me is doing a photo shoot in front of Engine 4.
Smoke herb and watch 'Through the Wormhole' with Morgan Freeman
what's the best pick up line you've used?
So is Joan Rivers.
“: This is amazeballz.Yay to being happy. :)” that word amaze balls makes us super happy!
What gets watched gets done - What's inspected is respected
My favorite artist of the week
Hmm i wonder if ever wished on 11:11
See you are not the 1st person to say that
it ok
Why is "The Situation" at the game?
