Madeleine Buckingham, CEO, says integrated donor/subscriber databases in 2010 --streamlined mailings
When you stop trying to change others and work on changing yourself, your world changes for the better.
doesn't* everyone gets those spam twitter followers lol
stop it. Do you really not watch it? Its, well...still Amazing!
I have something to tell paola doe. c:
:hat I always say I'm gonna do an iD but never pull the trigger smh
performance was about a 0.5... Absolutely awful
Tampa Bay needs: San Francisco's Tartine bread and Bar Tartine. Warm grilled bread, big chopped salads and roasted herbed chicken. Yum
Stick to da drank
A possible 3rd fatality but not confirmed yet. (via )
Quick poll: Do you make New Year's #resolutions?
Don't forget the true meaning of this holiday... Let's give thanks to our Lord and Savior on today!!! Happy Thanksgiving world!!!
Hehe. You're hot. :p Wow....im weird. :D
The AR Family is pleased to welcome the newest member of our management team!!!! Ms. Natasha Ramjohn is now the Assistant Director of...
goodnight justin, have a great day tomorrow!! love you babe!! xx
Oh, Dali. What Erron said. That's not what I asked him, I simply asked if they were looking for peeps.
Spent a couple hours listening to some teamster truck drivers talk about lack of work.
Yes, those two ships exactly.
meeeh rien :/ just bad mood :P (kinda)
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 8-11pm! Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
ok done deal <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hm, very curious about that exception. (Don't tell me you inhale Paulo Coelho novels.)
"Can't go to the party for destroying the death star. Got a big standardized test 2morrow." -Ewok kids
yay!! Thanks a lot!
No legacy is so rich as honesty. ~William Shakespeare
spongebob is the best there ever was(:
aight cool. When does he get out the hospital?
Thank you both for your help today with our #SMCKC happy hour. Really appreciate you guys coming to the rescue.
Nothing makes me feel like more of an asshole than writing bios does.
was this the spanish speaking hacker? even so, i love you both.
Smx when ur cutting things, it's best to measure twice, cut once, go slow&be precise (learned while cutting pieces of paper&going too fast)
Oh, its cool. Go before me during convo. Like I have nothing better to do anyway...
When are you coming to San Antonio for a visit?!(:
awh thanks girl !
Minnesota Wild sign defenseman Clayton Stoner to a two-year, $2.1 million contract extension. AP
It's Friday! Everyone be safe and have a fun Homecoming and Halloween weekend!!
u should ur walkthroughs wth a face cam, add to the experience. I Watch all ur vids, funny man.
Who wants to pay me?
your such a turn on
/ imagine if #ESPN had a wifi hub that let attendees access their fantasy football league? Or concession stand delivery to seats?
Because Glenn Beck's mouth on another part of his body would be obscene?
Seriously cannot wait to stay at #TheMirage in #LasVegas...less than a month away!
Put it on the right track get it right back
Fast Facts: A sudden change can evoke an endless tantrum but a more gradual change is easier for your child to cope with.
which app are you referring to?
My website align project with begins today and I'll be working transparently at www.clementinepress.com.
We can't wait to give away an iPad to all of our fans! Which iPad App do you want to use the most?
oh, i'm not even Irish (Scottish and Italian)... I'm not tripping, haha.
's on public airwaves. limited spectrum. Free Speech within #FCC Rules & Regulations apply there. (FCC Has no guts)
RT : Blake has A post move. Meaning 1. Great plyrs always hv a counter & a counter 4 their counter (sadly, ur kinda right)
Wait, wait. I am aging digital humanist referred to in last tweet. Feeling ancient, 140 charaacters, lacked nuance. :) Sorry
"Come and find me"-Josh Ritter
sorry everyone for the wait! had a run with time due to other projects...anyways "the chills" will be released shortly...thanks
'Joan's work puts people in touch with the earth' -Dan Fornari, marine geologist (WHOI)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A child support/custody case usually begins in the county where the child has lived for the past 6 months.
It's cold as balls outside!
Movie recommendation is Robin Harris in "Bebe Kids"
Follow #MdHS staff: Chief Curator, Alexandra Deutsch and Digi Project Coordinator, Jenny Ferretti
oh why thank you ;)
We have three options for #Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, EM or bankruptcy. Consent agreement is responsible, realistic solution.
I'm almost certain I'm in love with Jennifer Lawrence.
tweet me please!! luv u
Thinkin I don't want a phone..
also, there are more metadata fields avail in the copyright & more info tab, & bulk upload too.
I love when people prove me to be right <U+263A>
Just because ur honest doesn't make u mean. I am the nicest person in the world BUT I refuse to tell ppl what they WANT to hear.
please follow !!!
nopee I'm supplying the venuee
You're the only one that's ever on my mind. <3
wow sorry we're at capacity tonight....
my dream is to become a model:), whats the best advice you can give me?:)
the man changed his name to metta world peace...legally...abide by his request..
there's just two bands so I'm not sure how long our set is. Just come anyway!
You can't spell ELITE without ELI!
I don't do thunder. Too many crazies!
yep! Now do like Jay-Z & "Brush Ya Shoulda's Off" - Stay one<U+2764>
off to see Espe (Esperanza Spalding) but in this horrible ass weather. But still cant wait!!!.#Onthatradiomusicsociety :)
yes, we know it's snowing. Let's not obsess,
Because they have faith in themselves it take a believer to make any one else you of ll people should know that
like the music! do you have a youtube??=)
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Casting to be announced soon for a new song cycle on October 16th at 7pm!
PSA: Feeling lost, and in despair i know someone who can help. His name is Jesus.
no love for Chicago?
They certainly get 140 chars or less!
We are having an issue with the video player. Fixing it now. Thanks for letting us know!
too bad we the fans can't demand something should change. $76 for 3rd string talent is highway robbery.
Never say you know a man till you have divided an inheritance with him.
#MittRomney: how much more time is needed in #Afghanistan? So far it takes 10 years to hand off the country to themselves.
I can't wait to go back to working at Abercrombie.
twitter accounts with pinterest
this "homework" thing... its pretty fucked up, if you ask me. with all the drama teens have to go through. and then they give u homework...?
and we love you too!
Management is not the same as engagement. Human beings do not engage by being managed. ~
Tell them to tweet me if their in
thats ok. just tweet me on b-day
After all that time of downloading IOS 5 you must be hungry! Order online & we will deliver for FREE!
I will be soo sad if the news i am hearing is true =( i really hope i see you on nxt season!
"To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail." -Mark Twain
there are 8 planets in our solar system... there are more throughout the universe.
thanks for the retweet!
Great mission. Thanks for the follow.
Objective by the end of the week: #Viggle my way to free movie ticket.
No school today!
Tonight at ten!!! Yay!!!! RT if you love XOXO
Believe us, you are probably not alone...
first time for me in Berlin was a million years ago, Orwell year, 1984. I never sought out checkpoint C...
he had a nice assist on that Astros run earlier.
Awesome Bro!! You'll love it out here :)
#3wordsforyou I love you
somebody must have finished their homework. old ass! :-*
Thanks for broadcasting our #manliness!
They bout to be out RT : Ain't this bout a bitch. ... 1-3 once again!?
The best thing (and sometimes the hardest thing) in dating is to trust your gut! Women's intuition can be a very powerful thing!
has introduced a CFL with a shatter proof outer shell for consumers concerned about mercury. #LFI2012 Booth 1908
Why must school start next week -_-
I just signed up today -- will I still get the email about the big news? :)
I love
RT : Apparently I should have gone to the box office & ordered tickets in person like a savage from the early 1990s.
ELENA is amazing! I was so upset Ricky got a bigger applause than her.
Cue a Mav blow up this offseason! Go Spurs!
Thanks for following back ;)
The International Coach Federation is a great resource for business managers and other professionals to find career coaches.
my bad
sassy ! "NFL soup" ..where we all go when we have question on prospect analysis.
Good morning. Heading in for some quiet work time before the chaos starts, might take Friday off! What are you up to today? Whatever it is..
Welcomes our new intern - Zach.
I feel sorry for all the dads out there that have been hoodwinked by chicks claiming their kids are theres and its not smdh
haha maybe next time mate ;) xx
let me know if u need me to stop at home depot b4 u come pick me up
but theyre taking a really important nap in the security booth!
u ready for summer of love! If not get that way!
Ok twitter bye!! Let me go fuckn study. Lol.
The Texas QB rotation is asinine.
well mine now is smaller than the pic.. lol so ill get it a lil bigger but still the right size so it looks proportioned lol
I think I might go and get a mani/pedi.
Today I am reminded of the heartbreak of the day that changed my life forever. Each year it gets easier, but I will never forget.
she doesn't look old!!I think she's in her late 40's!!!
I know girl!!! I've thought the same thing. You'll have to come hang with Monica and me when I get back!!
When things CHANGE, I step up to the plate.....
Daddy gonna buy me a frozen strawberry lemonade from McDonalds :D
I tend to agree. He certainly gets the job done
Great script meeting on my new film "Rule Number 7"
Back in the house Bout to catch these drunk Z's
Tiger is playing well!
oh shoot, how about this weekend?
thanks for following me!
Now watch Kemba take 45million dribbles.
Oh fo sho, Me 2 green beer and texas hold'em at buffalo wild wings...I dominated of course haha!!
fool you know it... Yes i just called Austin Mahone a fool (:
Success is not measured in material things. It is measured by the amount of impact u have and ur ability 2 bless others
RapidShare Adopts 'Guilt by Accusation' Approach to Piracy - PC Magazine
the Geocoding engine is decently good - it's just often difficult to match arbitrary inputs to API inputs
Delta Girls! Be owt doing smthng in honor of 99 yrs of service and our illustrious Founders! Put those Pearls to Use!
That happens?! RT : Is anyone else having a problem with #cruise lines that poach your clients when they re-book on board?
The Cleveland Cavaliers finally ended the longest losing streak in NBA history with a 126-119 overtime victory against the LA Cliipers Fri.
been good, working on this proposal. Looking for the location first though. What u been up to?
Watch out for a Shakeytown Radio Minute this week w/ , , &
Follow Back ? [:
You're a bad influence on me Mr. De Vere I've been on twitter non-stop since you got me on here!!!
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them; he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account. ~Euripides
The year I was born, the first PC virus, Brain, started to spread. And the top selling movie was Top Gun.
Really glad you like your shirt Steve & glad it got to you quickly. Congrats on winning this last weekends shirt giveawy !
A1 Agreed - my program's very pro public speaking; sometimes buildings don't speak for themselves!
10-$10 Locks for only $15! Best deal of the year! Get it now! Save $85!
Swack=swagger stole
Niggaz need to do right by they babymama because you do her right she down for you forever
I can't believe I haven't tweeted you til now but YAY!YOURE DATING !! & I are so proud
why do all these porn bots follow me?
All of our placements are a full year. Those who choose the MBA follow NYC or London with a full-time semester in Bangkok.
Woot woot! got her license! Dolphin bound Saturday night 8)
If you ever come for you paycheck you can buy a copy!
Plenty of mktg peeps coming to hear #smbmad #ford speak -
I cant't get you of out my head! <33
Who the heck is Hacker?
Can't wait to bring my daughter to the today. Her first time at the Zoo will be memorable!
We need some stops!
Looking forward to experimenting with Pay with
Practicing in Dupont Circle today. Very lucky to practice next to so many tastey restaurants.
And by it, I mean "Hallelujah" of course.
Just signed up, I love your recipes!
Getting psyched about my trip to Vegas next week... Gonna give medsonix a try... If I get off insulin as a result... I'm changing careers...
Am I the only one who doesn't think the new #FerrisBueller commercial for Honda is any good? Honda? WTF? Why not Ferrari?
thanks much for everything. Safe travels!
I think its funny how whenever someone's friend faceplants or gets hurt there friend always laughs at them its very odd haha
Mo'd up!
Please follow me My 50 follower will get a 15 dollar itunes gift card and 100 follower a 50
What's happening @ McMasters was shared at the last ACRL conference. Most of us thought controversial indeed!
Major League Baseball cakes might be just the ticket... Why are dads so hard to shop for?
Magic of Science presented by Daniel Lusk sponsored by The Shelby County Library. Starts at 11:00am on Monday August 1.
Finally getting to watch Just go with it. Anything Jennifer Aniston is in is great!
looks like a fire in river parks
The key to a liberated life is the practice of non-grasping and non-rejecting. (essential practice in Zen)
TODAY IS THE DAY! Come out to the Octane Gallery here at the Kustom Thrills shop and support our lovely Katherine Mae tinypic.com/r/vqmt8w/5
« I'll be here for the bad jus like I'm here for the good»
loved having you this weekend!!
omg way worse than snake!
Finally watching the #WestminsterDogShow I dvr'd. Do you have to wear an ugly, poorly tailored suit and have kankles(sp?) to show dogs?
Someone told me that, by only having an agent, I wasn't really trying to get published. Ideas on how to be more proactive?
": We would like to make it OFFICIAL... We would like to call our fans "ICONiacz" - u guys cool with that?" brb. crying.
Without music life would be a mistake.
My heart goes out to those students who lost their lives in New Zealand earlier today. Such a sad story.
Amazing match..WOW! RT : Yes, I just screamed and scared my dogs and clapped so hard my hands hurt. What a fun morning.
« But I'm ready to slide.»
haha goodshit gotta stay focused...thats one thing we didnt really do. at least me
Playing it in Madison, WI! ": Don't forget to request my new single..WALKING CONTRADICTION! Spread the word. Have a great day!"
Thanks to Mayor Bill Cervenik of Euclid for his endorsement. , , , ,
CHANGE. YOUR. PLANS. ;-)
Life is what you make it.
yes, the most important part of all star weekend! That way people will remember your name...or you could get better and win a title
heyy, tweet me & message me on this account okay? cause my other account doesn't allow me to follow other ppl (: HAHAH.
Thanks for the shoutout today about our pink promo with the Sports Hub!
welcome to twitter!
Yes! "Communication Problems"! lol...They're all great, but "The Builders" and "Gourmet Night" are favs.
haha my love <3 i miss you, we seriously need to hang out..
just got to see another side of Skip. Understand a little more why he's always wanting to get in someone's ASS on First Take
Wassup, where u been all my life. Lol.
Morning from Austin! Great day for #Wine with
thanks. glad you like it.
RT ": #FF: hottest blonde after Beyoncé!" < Yes! I'm LIVING!
thanks for the RT
Check Out D'noche's Daily Offers! $75 All Inclusive Dinner for Two!
hmm well what would you like for me to call you
What gets me are those who take a picture of their fake moustache while their real one is partially showing
woww thanks for ditching the book club you said we could have.
looking forward to it! Cheers!
morning :) or afternoon.. Lol
#Patriots 27 #Broncos 14 close until the 4th quarter
I've spoken to my banking center manager, and several supervisors via phone. The answer given was to wait until August.
drinking and statistics just don't really go together
“: Just finished a great custom production session at , artist is ecstatic about the track i made for him on the spot
#WEWANTAUSTINMAHONEVERIFIED BECUZ HE IS OBVIOUSLY A RISING STAR IS WHO STEALING GIRLS HEARTS ONE SONG AT A TIME ( :
RIP LaDonna Adrian Gaines. You will be missed!
Roadhouse is on! declares it "crap". I'm stunned & speechless.
I Love You :) You sing amazing <3
LOL RT : stop ignoring my request for bloody marys after cardio & core. it's a legitimate question.... :-)
I have an ipad AC adapter that needs a home. In milwaukee area and need one please contact me. Free to new home.
I think that is most beautiful girl in the world. I am in love with her..
not #JoeThePlumber again!!!
“: The average age of both the Clippers’ roster and the Spurs’ roster is 27 years old. Surprised?”.
Does not want to go to school! :/
"It's hot as hell in here I done sweated my egdes out" lol. No but seriously it is hot as hell. This that good ole #Houston weather..
Tonight is the first Beer && Code of 2012! Here at the Substantial HQ from 7pm to 10ish. Hope to see you then!
yeah it is, obviously I was talking bad about you on here
tonight will go down in history
That there is no possible way to narrow it down.
Green day was great on the music awards as was Black Eyed Peas. Fergie is great looking in mesh stockings...and she is also a good singer!!
When people show you and tell you, who they really are; look, listen and learn.
I can alway count on to like my pics on Instagram <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
haha me too!
One swing baby, one swing.
That awkward moment when your calculator dies during WESTEST.
Thanks to everyone for an amazing night last night in Levittown at St. Paul's Church!
Ow ears popping on metro
I dunno. Between the thin air and watching my 'searching' icon spin I might lose my footing before reaching the final camp
#SXSW attendees let us know if you need any t-shirts printed. Great way to promote your band, business or cause FREELY. Hit us!
Visited a church where celebrants kissed the gospels. The 17th C. Protestant homunculus in my head started yelling "idolatry!"
Will this show start already hate being around people # kids school show
Phillip and Jessica.. Uhh I think we all know who's gonna win!
Fixed up my resume just a tad bit.. Looks way better though
Omg... that bih shaped like a manatee o_O
I got an iPad for $120 dollars today, so even if my team #loses, I'm still #winning. LOL
really want to see that friggin mouse!
Not even gonna bother paying attention right now.
new website is making huge strides.. should be done by this time next week
#hogab half of grapefruit ate bear. Goodnight.
remember, there is plenty for all!!
i finish the diss track its ready to go out
Coons vs. O'Donnell...ppl from Delaware should be ashamed of O'Donnell
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
your father is so highly respected that even his coaches couldn't tell him the truth about the situation. He is a man of honor
also, when's the house warming?
RT : Do you like Trivia? We've got the best kind with comin' at you tomorrow at 9:00 PM. Be there!
host of Americas got talent
An ex-speechwriter. RT : who wrote that line?
until I started to go out. It ruined my life!:C
Tonight on ABC5--Team coverage of ISU from Cali, plus why hasn't Iowa ever elected a woman as gov. or to congress
Hello Dolls. Today is a wonderful day. Make today your masterpiece :) Be Greater
you have to plan for extra innings by sacrificing the present to win games
thx, maybe my expectations are just too high. Either way
Writing/composing/being creative
Me either..GOOGLE!
What she said! RT : . Thanks for compiling and sharing the list!
“: IS COMING TO WICHITA?!? my day just got a whole lot better!! :)”
The fool wonders, the wise man asks ..
watching get rich or die tryin' for the second time in less than 24 hours
I wanna shut down the club, with you. Hey I heard you like the wild ones!
Do Owen and I need to bring you some fresh batteries?
I don't think I can come today....but can I go over tomorrow? Hah after school?
Partying w/
Head scratcher: What do U say 2 a lady U dont know that is middle eastern & wearing 1 of those head scarf thingys after she sneezes?
Gene Simmons, what a charmer.
That just brings up another point that makes me madder she'll never come to St.Louis because for one this is all-
Night Tweeps. U Ever Go Night Night? Everybody Go Night Night! All Day! By Myself! 1 Bed! 1 Pillow! 1 Duvet Cover! 1 Pajama! 1 Night Light!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you told me how asparagus makes your pee smell funny.
fuck you father.
tonight WAS amazing! ;)
lol, this ADHD shit is mad real. Finna text you back now.
Scrambled soft down not mean when I get to table my eggs are well done #failure to the cook
great site, the rey3 design team is looking forward to our profile on your site...
Busy day in the producer's seat today!! Welp, gotta go..times ticking!
I don't feel good :/ Im light headed :(
AT&T stinks.
Lisa Miller, NY Mag summing it up: "I want tranquility once in a while. But I don't want a tranquil life."
hahah im still new to twitter
well in Florida it is insanely hot. :(
either Patrick ewing or Karl malone....
What a great feeling that must be! Enjoy your extra week.
My brain will be working for the next 43 hours, then off for a while
how much can you bench press?
Kick, push, COAST
It has been a dream of mine to poop in a Los Angeles Burgers and Fries, and today it became reality!
Woah wait a minute did they just call a walk on LEBRON JAMES
watching the woman in black!
FRENCHKISSING with the loved one aha.(: #swag!
The leader never a follower
lol yeah it's a good way to start the day :)
I'd be dead for sure.
“: I really miss Johnny Carson.” and Carnac says, things you say while watching Jay Leno!
too sweet! (:
When i was younger: i use to pretend i couldnt read things to get classes i thought were cool i can read stuff half a mile away dude XP
dear board of education, we are too
omg olie he was a guy!! You have to come to ptown with us!!
No, I won't ever be enough
Rigth; yesterday we could not look any further to Randi, , generators w're offline. This night will see the prog.
amen to that! or just jeans for me, that would be great!!
Medical Assistant- wanted for a Family Practice Clinic. Long term temporary position must have 2 years of experince. Call 881-3449
Next deal launches today!
Shit waiting for this NBA shit
it's passing now. dammit.
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who matter don’t mind and those who mind don’t matter.” Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
Once the woman is able to attain orgasm alone, her partner is usually included in the sessions in order to desensitize her ...
I want to be just like you. How can I get on your team?
Missed it. What were they really showing?
so is FourSquare actually working Madison yet or are folks just hacking it based on the new(ish) ability to add locations?
Madison eats agenda: UW Alumni Weekend, Ultimate Ice Cream Social, Flavors of ... - Isthmus
It's awesome!
It's not till June 6th but we are psyched to say that got us a killer show w/ and in Allston Mass!
I'm just waiting on to respond to that one.
Excited to podcast on healing arts in cultural organizing w/ today. Love to all Zilphia family: past, present, future!
Congrats on your 10,000th follower! You should go over 100k followers within 12 months of #whenwillitend Sick human you are!
you should tweet out this fruit cake GT: SmokinBullets0 his class: silenced rsass blind eye, assassin, dead silence proned out
RT : sad im missing tonight :(
The rock!! Two VIP tickets to raffle off for the release party THIS Sunday 1-5pm
0 patience for the kiddie tweets. Be gone
That's what they were using or that's the new one?
S/O to Madd Hatta this his jam
morning all well we have some sad news for our fans out in spartensburg sc ....the april 2nd show has been cancelled at groundzero
Final push for SEVEN DAYS IN UTOPIA. Dropping the last of visual effects, in the DI and final mix as we speak.
Friday! Make it a healthy day everyone.
Daily GTKY question: If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
Dear everyone not at the Conservatory right now, YOU LOSE!!!!!!
omg show week
When I'm with you| Best Coast
I can already tell it's going to be a horrible day :/
Going to check out a bunch of records today
Haha me and my friend arianna are fighting over who gets to have one direction
you were missed, but hope to see you soon ! Joey
Party going on in the apartment above ours. Can't blame them for wanting to have a good time. I'm the lame one lol.
Oh. I see you following me like you want some ;)
seriously, hi, after all I typed, you say HI! lol jk! I see you like Prodigy! XD I like Ray Ray and Roc!
Thanks, Ashley! And I am so excited to see the pie book! It looks beautiful. xo
OMG driving with an angry hornet in your car is SO SCARY
I had a problem today, and listen, according to a person if you break a plate, we are animals, so if the world would be lost: |
She's A Liar So I Can't Trust Her Ever Again !! But Should I Forgive Her ? Even Though I Got Played For More Than 8 Months !!??!!
thanks sweet face. (:
#TebowGotTradedFor store brand Fruit Loops and a Wal Mart discount card
yeah i know
i saw her in the katy perry video. shes a cute gurl. but she just needs 2 b a teen right now
welcome to the land of little blue check marks :)
jus look at it as u were preparing yourself for a #rootintootin weekend cuz
Now I'm really homesick. And teary.
I could be uncle Joey.
Excellent. Sounds like it could go with a lot of different stuff. Gotta try that.
If your single n u know clap yur hands
needs to hit me up! ^_^
Happy Birthday kitty! We are both Libras too!
Not happy.. So its up to me what im going to do next
Mase had the coolest flow!!! Love old Mase!!
so stoked to show you guys this design im working on for ! its the first band design ive made and its turning out pretty awesome!
Dope concert
I crack myself up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I knew OKC was a basketball team.
#FunniestThingIHeardToday "You seem very structured" ...cause I am a complete mess.
Terrance J made a great point!
Gary Thome - "#Gen8 is first step on the journey." talking about project Voyager
here i come. So excited to attend.
what are you trying to say? (also props to you for knowing your info)
On my way to make a new song in the studio ya!
Since tonight's game is a "close-out" for both teams, does that mean it will be easy to win for both sides? PARADOX PARADOX
MAROON 5 Misery playing at the mall
seriously. Have I scarred you from RTD for life?!?
haha we're driving. only way to bring all the overpacked items we want... ;)
is so blessed to have all the helping hands today! Thanks !!
he got major dermabrasion since he moved to San Diego
hello darling!!!! How are you? How are things? Xoxoxo
register for.Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event only pay $15..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff
Woohoo kicked this colds ass! I credit it all to superfood and airborn. Busy week too so it's a damned good ting man.
When is the next Haley's comet, I wanna make sure I don't miss that too. “: Albert Pujols in a home run trot. Who knew?”
I'm good to wish it was summer tho :) what have u been up to anything new?
the next achievement to unlock is 80:08
My guy friends steal my iPod and take pictures of their crotch. Not the actual thing, but of the outside of their pants.
FUCK THE POLICE
#GayKidIssues Not being able to do the musical because you have to watch your little brother
Brrrrr, a pot of Jade Cloud with a bowl of Creamy Curry Carrot soup and a Grilled Veggie sandwich would hit the spot for lunch.
My mom's want list for Mother's Day: to go to open houses with me (she loves them) and poking around all day. Done and done!
birthday invites are the most prolific pieces of literature of our generation.
“: Stop hiding ur light to make others feel comfortable, instead SHINE so they can be #INSPIRED!!”
skyping with spencer and can hear his sister and her friend raping each other
At mobile revolution and scientific publishing.
miss my baby
does she speak it in the middle of debates?
2 MINUTES TILL YOUR BDYYYYYY IN EAST COAST
Already got mad work to do for school n today was day one.. So much for enjoying summer
Mick Jagger ? At least a foot long !
#WebGreekTip - Getting ready for finals? Upload class notes & study guides to your chapter cloud so you can access them anywhere!
Believing is one thing.. Beliebing is another <3 I made it up :)
have a great day!
I make a monthly donation to #Kickstarter, once a month an indie game dev wins the great Melanie Stegman $25 award
Shit this shit is crazy bitch ass players like Vincent Jackson damn I understand u want ur money but damn wat about the fans
Coco did that last weekend for you :( I'll be home tomorrow so he'll be fine <3
Proud of QLD this morning. Another step closer to equality for all Australians. Now it's up to this weekend.
Aww. I love that site! I fear my cats may work together & smother me in my sleep if i buy them wigs...
Happy Mother's Day :) #TurnToYou <U+2764>
Buy energy saving or energy efficient appliances. Quite a bit expensive but in the long run, it saves you energy cost.
that's right baby girl!!!
How about that comeback by Man City?!?
Gud morning dolls:-)
I will def try my best!
R.I.P Junior Seau
I watched it twice already<3
The only person i know i can trust with anything, never let it slip, will always come through, has never wronged me before..
Lions, Tigers, and lemurs...oh my!! :-)
so many nice young point guards
what time do we leave that day?
This is no April Fool's joke! is having a fundraiser for HIBF2012! Your presence will be appreciated! 5pm till close!
when you have something good hold on to it
It's cold as balls this morning.
I got that working Monday night!! Kinda
If you a true weed smoker then 4/20 is just another day
Major donors have likely already found you. It's a question of identifying them--including passion, involvement and resources.
The list goes on...
That or Rails. Still trying to decide, but I have my front-end compatible for both. ;)
Wen im sad i try to look at things that make me smile and that's y I always lookbat 1D pics cuz w.e they do they never fail to make me smile
junior english -____-
FUCK.YES. ONE WEE
Thanks for calling into the show! , you missed RT Srsly lunch w is better than a day at the beach
I asked him if I should just move on & all he put was "idk"
Definitely looking forward to the "Sugar Shack" for a taste of at the 2012!
Breaking: Eleventy billion votes for Kloppenburg found in Dane County.
I talked to Javier the other day, has he gotten bigger?
Cuttin up on everyone in English class tho
Cleats tonight for wings and Tribe??
They just a couple cows, so she's like the "house cow" now. Probably walks around on all fours saying "mo".
sometimes i feel like there's an alternate universe where we made a valentine's day video and then had no idea what to do with it
Don't miss out! Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE massage from !!!
enough junk food already!!
just a heads up the Vols are gonna be back this year
yeah me too. Am I paying for this?
My agent: "Is there nothing you can't do?" Me: "Brain surgery. Not yet at least."
Newborns and sleeping at night. Oil and water.
Idk why but it's nine something and I'm tired Wtf?
Sipping on this wine, feeling lovely !wesweet_likeKandiwe
Wow that is so long, i would love to model one day soon.
yayaya please follow
i love you!!!
I think he plays Thurs. and Sun. let me know if you're going and I'll come hang out.
Am having a party this week everbody rides free this sunday on the party bus .party at the beach house call ?786-223-1654 if u want to go
LABOR day sale! Use coupon code "labor" to save 30% off your HCG at www.lasvegashcg.com Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
I didn't think it completely sucked
Tamale kitchen is way legit.
Ugh IDK! Between packing & selling furniture & vet appointments & work I'm pretty slammed this week :( I'll let you know tho!
I did?? I'm getting spammed too !!! Lol
It's raining... Too tiredd goin to sleep night guys x
He's missing something...a lacrosse stick (or whatever they're called!) Ha!
I swear, I love you but sometimes you drive me insane.
Forgot to buy tickets for tonight and now I hate myself. Drowning my sorrows in tostadas.
not much just been going to training
Timbers Army are showing #SportingKC a great time in Portland!
When I was little I used to stare at things and try to use super powers to make them move because I wanted to be like Matilda.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Thanks for the retweet Fauzan! Charlie Z
Try to coin a word for that not yet known MC.The Japanese have Koi No Yokan, feeling on seeing someone new that something will happen
Reggie Bibby is a scrub the #HEAT got this
Will be interesting to see if Apple's new retail boss will be the "right" cultural fit. What do you think?
kisses love you!!!
You aren't winning any Championships anytime soon. Also, there's no crying in basketball!!
Up early! Competition today ^___<
Thanks to and their Sports Medicine Team for taking care of our cowboys!
Don't judge someone over anything. Sometimes; you only see what they want you to see.
Looking forward to seeing all the Badgers fans at the Kohl Center on Friday! Men's basketball plays at 4:30pm and the women play at 7:30pm!
Watching #Supernatural :)
Popcorn should be advertised with the message: "Pop Responsibly". The long lasting smell of burnt popcorn is unpleasant to the nose!
I saw that video! This just feeds the "Everyone in WI is overweight" stereotype.
Thank you, Slacker Radio for One-Hit Wonders. Nothing like "Deeper Shade of Soul" to perk up my day and make me feel old!
Had a dream that I was hanging with Aziz Ansari. I was wearing my Mis Sigs jersey and a Mis Sigs hat at the same time. I would never do that
I'm not, we're so cool ... but my wife is watching it in the other room.
hahaha! i love it
That would be wonderful! Thank you so much, please do email me looking forward to learning more=)Di
Knew I should've brought some bottle rockets! So far multiple air horns, some whistles, and even a cow bell at #NDSU Graduation.
Its t late to apologizee its just to late.
but it is affecting Randy Cross.
"she has 800 repins so she must have a sense of self" - a friend about Pinterest
At my aunt Kristas at a bbq
Wishing all of our Moms a wonderful day! " This is a man's world, but, it wouldn't be nothing, nothing without a woman or a girl". -JB
i love gummy bears
I'm a Sixers fan and couldn't be more bummed out about the Derrick Rose injury. Too good a guy. East needs an asterisk now.
eek i'll text you bout it
that's some serious jinxitude you got there.
A little Wednesday wisdom: "Worry is imagination misplaced."
Frustration, complication, and misery are available in abundance, but so is God's grace.
A life without cause is a life without effect
Mental Management website and email is temporarily down, call 972-899-9640 to order products, set up training or ask questions.
“: You should never trust someone again after they've betrayed your trust. What makes you think they'll change?!”
>> Thanks Kate for the follow. Sorry I missed you @ #140cuse. It was spectacular.
Yeah but fizzy water gives me the sexy belches. :)
I've gotten two "happy valentine's day" tweets but I am waiting for that one person's &lt;3
and have the BEST friendship ever! I wish i had a friendship as great as theirs!<3
#Zombie Rights Watch, People for the Ethical Treatment of #Zombies. Would rise up to defend zombies!
mornin u... U don't fuck wit me no more?
i had one yesterday
If you want to see how to get your best three point shooters clean looks watch a Billy Donovan coached game.
The same way you would achieve athletic goals. Carefully planned, focused practice.
Three hour.20's in a row
lucchese boots on sale on line or in store,,,call for prices,561-684-7331
for got to ask you - what program did you use for your awesome presentation last night?
#bestbritishbands gotta go with BB Mack
Just added to this Saturday's event: live holiday music from Carmel HS student musicians! Come see them between 12pm-2pm this Saturday!
Ahh! Coffee date perhaps while you're here?!
Success requires that you protect your emotional and intellectual immune system with positive thoughts, people, input and activities.
one day i shall write a book on lazy marketing called: An Asterisk That Leads to Nowhere.
Good Morning happy monday
Just woke up tired but I'm up GM twitter ppl !!!!!!
Talking 'bout sum bad giirls
...let's see...old enough to know better, young enough not to care... LOL!
lol it's the same pics
i was the one that did that photo cus he told me too!!!
What is your favorite apartment community in Austin?
#Bruins behind at the end of the first...again. Bad trend, need to put the puck in the net! Better energy, but need more from the big guys.
"It's awesome. Her vibe is like a cross between The Neverending Story, Audrey Hepburn, and a Sleigh Bells album."
Right on! Nice.
RT : The new World Trade Center measuring 1,776 ft.
DAMN boy get on twitter more!!!!! Lol
Can anyone help? RT : Any local beer dist/brewery looking to help sponsor (we're 501c3) our beer garden? Please contact us!
": I need to so some yoga or somethin... Get my flexibility back" sounds like a plan ;-)
true but didn't she start crap with Kim saying she was on "crack" if you don't know someone u don't say stuff like that about them
We'll be glad to see you there.
Ty Stewart: Major headlines from this summer's #WSOP will be $200 million total prize pool and the $1M buy-in -- $15M first-place prize.
just trying to get on your level brother.
Vacationing this summer? Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
anyone else feel more like this announcement is just late?
Caring for a service animal can be $$$ costly. New CRTASA Working Animal Health Insurance Plan now available regardless of age, breed, etc.
I was sweating it out during the 1pm games. I guess I have the Raiders secondary to thank!!
I got a full tank of gas for being such a good big brother!
Cant wait to see a legend tonight is gonna murder..
Junior Seau dead... NFL lost one of the best linebackers ever to play the game
PLEASE!!!! Come back to Austin soon! I wasn't able to see you perform :(
GM! Lofpre & will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
ANOTHER Great deal at GLOBAL ELEMENTS!**100 Business Cards only $19.99 plus tax!**Call today to take full advantage of this 720-542-6105!
oh. Like those big subway posters. Those are massive.
A typical lovely Sunday. Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there. Starting school at on Wednesday! I hardly believe it.
Smiling in my face but sneaking dissing behind my back..<<<<
Hey ,how come tweetcaster shows tweets from 2 days ago when I start app? Tweetmarker not working. Also 2 many force closes.
passed my CDL test today!
I hope that our President's eyes open to the true colors of the Republicans and he kicks their asses.
Standoff in Edina over. Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home. "He hasn't broken laws," says police. "We'll leave him alone"
Blazers WIN! Final score 99-93 over Hornets
Earphones are uncomfortable af
-- even the most extended pascals I recall only had downward functions, and they had to be named. To what are you referring?
<U+2665> RT : Who deserves a deal?? tweet us names
Yes I get to see sexy hair and ass next week!
Save The Big Money Talkn For The Megaphone.... Quiet Down A Bit Bruh...
okay good!!!
Falling in love with a hammer drill? That's a bit....disturbing.
LCPS #Bookinaday is progressing really well, the talented modern mind of our youth is really showing today! This will be a really sick book!
Shit, wait till you see the tricks I pull out of my sleeve. I aint even trying yet.
No Brunch here today but don't be disappointed we will still have the Classic Club! Enjoy your ML King day the way he would want us to!
Love it! Check out for more specific #slpeeps needs, too! :)
Hi,M.Shonibare!I am using ur work in my postcolonial (lit. de la Brit. empire) course& would like 2 ask u ?'s textiles etc.
Oh god. I got the free chapter of your story! It was Ch.14. I didn't read the beginning... But..
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.
That'd be the one...
My nose hurts
STEVE:D
Sorry got it mixed up: details page has follow links, object page has nofollow; details page has PR to give
:) so you better wear it
Joe Jonas plays while talking about New York and then Demi Comes on. IT'S A SIGN FROM THE UNIVERSE
Is it possible to beat any NES game without Game Genie?
Shout out video?????? <3 WAAAAANAAAAA BE IN IT <3?
I can't wait! My 13-year-old son is excited about it too.
isn't it Chris Waddle who says that?
I was the closest!
Headline tomorrow: KOTSAY IT AIN'T SO
Game times, stations set for Sweet 16: Wisconsin faces Syracuse Thursday 6:15PM on !! Marquette-Florida Thursday about 9:17PM on TBS
Mexican Immigration Boom Is Over [Report]
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Morning, Twiggas. How y'all doin, y'all good?
Students, teachers, staff get together and have a wonderful time. on Saturday May 12,
I love that early "Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi." episode of The Big Bang Theory where Leonard, Penny and Sheldon keep saying "hi!"
Funnist shit ever just happened in the hall!
Thanks chica! And you're very welcome! :) RT : Love 's recap of the Topshop event hosted by &...
It's time to start living the life you've imagined. ~Henry James
thanks y'all! I'm so thrilled to be a part!
sweet sounds good punkk :)
Regardless, Starbucks/Theo story is dumb. I'm sure you can find at least 100 mild-mannered yuppies in Chgo that look like Theo
Watching Adele clean up tonight gives music hope. You don't need to dress crazy and have ridiculous hair to make an impact.
Looks great! Building is such a crazy but fulfilling journey!
& will 1 of you plsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplspls follow me pls i hav asked so many times:'(
I'd be damned If ima argue over some dick , I ain't even fuckin . Str8LIKEDAT . Fasho
"Little Big Man"
WOW. breed her and gimme a free pup!
if you like our FB page i will buy you a beer...
Transporting wounded Civil War soldiers by train involved straw bedding on bunks in boxcars. Yikes.
Who wants to hang out and misuse the word "synergy?"
*wakes up, stretches like a cat* never enough sleep, *sighs, rolls out of bed*
Merry Christmas from all of us at Altitude!
Just found a Sony a Nex3 Camera at FRY's for $299. These are selling for $450 on eBay! Thats a $150 profit before eBay fees!
If you've never heard or seen me cry, you're not close enough to me. If you want to hear or see me cry, you're a bad person.
Dropping my phone on my face <
No problem, it was an interesting post and I hadn't heard abt that study previously.
thanks for the shout out
Your dress is so pretty!! You're amazing & I'm happy you won the AMA :)
Just bet Mavs to win it all at 16/1. I might be a fish but I think thats an insanely good bet with 8 teams left. Mavs have a sick sick team
Good Morning Beautiful People!
thanks, Jess! Very happy. xo
Apologies for the delay - we are making big improvements to Recurly.js. Just sent you an update, thanks for your patience!
wow! He really is a combo of you and Jeremy! E will be 5 and A will be 3! Time moves too fast!
Dragon Quest IX only sold 2.3 mil copies in 2 days in Japan.
Lol I Hope Yhu Played My Tracks
BALL TELLS THE TRUTH REF...unbelievable bad call...
Starting next week I only have 21 days left of my freshman year..never believed in time passing me by until now.
Another new project signed, sealed and delivered!
We've said it before, BUT if you're underage and follow us, we'll block your ass. 21 and up puhleaze!
Some peeps just never grow up. They tend 2 do things like before, but it's time 2 step up 2 the plate & accept the responsibilities in life
dude. Twas very refreshing. So nice to be surrounded by greatness. I have THE best people in my life. Thanks for being one.
take on Texas Southern University tonight at 6:30 PM at Patriot Field! Come out and support your baseball team!
They are trying to generate Revenue :P
Thanks for the retweets today!
Showering without a shower curtain is kinda hard
Hamburger helper tonight I think so
Thanks guys!
How are your rehearsals going for Romeo & Juliet? You open on the 14th!
Wonderful thoughts on beyond the textbook...love the "techbook"idea. It is what I want too!
My plan is set.
RT : RT : Design of Green Passive Solar Home focuses on increasing efficiency of resource use energy..http......
Going to the tanning booth while LIVING on the beach. Really? Gym-Tanning-Laundry
“: Slimmer cuts are dominating the Oscar tuxes tonight. Christian Bale's tux is razor sharp! JM”
u smilin when u took an L...to the Pacers...IN MIAMI
Lewis is not even sweating. Wow. Junk junk and more. Junk. #texasrangers fooling
Look in the dictionary under the word "giddy" and you will find a picture of THIS GIRL
Twisted ankle, earache, dust in the eyes. School carnival, we will survive you.
If your college is easier than your high school... there is something wrong......
I can't even imagine...Isn't it winter from like October to May up there? One snowfall a year is good for me!
I luv u Scruffy :) just thought I'd let u know <3
I tried. They don't work... I'll figure it out I'm sure
Welcoming new folks;
Damm lost all my contacts since I fixed my phone yesterday...
NBA TV
yes he is!
thanks for the follow
GO CATS!
I want to dye my hair a light brown color, almost like blonde. Should I guys?
Bella I love you. you are such a great soul and a awesome actress.Love ya<3
haha! Thanks, I'm honored!
TO ALL MUSICIANS:We all Cook w/the same 12 notes.Thanx 4 listenig to my Recepi! Lets Blues out: ranked #3 on www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Has anybody heard of a good spot to find cheap groceries in the Gold Coast?
I always stress about at the end of the school year too much . ._.
Watching desperate housewives I love this show
pryor burns uo early, but limping noticeably
love you're animations really funny and creative, keep up the good work, peace {^_^}
#moverslongisland ready to move! $70/h for two men including any size vehicle! get the best experience with Movers Long Island!
hahaha tells the best stories ever
You love #Greeks and you love #cheeseburgers. Well, we've put them together and have $5 Greek Cheeseburgers until 4pm today!
#replacebandnameswithboobs Five Finger Boob Punch (oh my god....sounds so painful....)
Collaboration and innovation led by consumers leads to word of mouth and increase in profits.
tells me there is a Free dance party tonight 11pm @ Lp&Harmony 683 Grand
Lol Did Wade just throw Mike Bibby shoe?
I miss you Dani! xoxo
I needed that hit when the bases were loaded
it was so tasty!
woo!!! Felton Hunnies for life yo! that's just how we roll ;)
Busted the $560 after 5betting shoving ATo sb vs competent cutoff (showed up to tourney >3hrs late and first orbit
oh well.. we made up for it later.
do you think that girls like to cheat like guys do?
rush of fools , you have my heart and all the rest .
let's go Heat u can win this.
Watching last year's Redskin game and I'M PISSED!
I believe that once Michelle Williams plays Marilyn Manson in a movie, she will win the Oscar.
Look me in my eyes and try to feel my pain, do you know how it feels to be left out in the rain Each and every day theres someone judging me
ha think that's his usual seat??
oh perfeeeerct I'll definitely be free
that's a good way to go out
Hypotenuse is not in my phones spellcheck
Teal's strength is running forward right past people. Why wouldn't you keep him wide to do just that? CJ can hold it up and play teal in...
hmm. Find me 12 cool spots and I COULD be convinced ;) …maybe it needs to be "gulf coast" ..now that could work.
still sick and not hungry... at least by the time I recover I'll be 10lb lighter
No Britt, just showing my inner redneck! :) You should try it sometime, very fulfilling.
YAY! JMF's website is back up. The gremlins have been defeated. Victory is ours!
Ive heard great things about the Droid!
I wish it would snow here</3
Sitting in the hair and makeup room listening to 'Give It Up' by the Victorious
hope you find it :) are u on vacation?
First week of class my mornings began with cereal, now the last is starting with a good pair of eggo waffles.
New for 2012! FireHouseCustomZ! Your complete car service center & classic car restoration facility! From orig. to radical custom!
mad that I only see my dad for 3 hours every other Saturday, IF that..
Lavar ass stay making beats in class
guess we couldn't catch you -- no idea where to find you (sniff)
Thanks, Matt! All of us at TODO Austin are super excited about the new website.
Beautiful article! Why did we start sneering at simple joy & kindness? If I had any non-spam followers, I'd RT this to all
My MN house and senate reps are both DFL. Should I not bother emailing them about support for the new stadium?
In the back, come on by!
OMG jealous over here. Also, very good!
I know I've spent the whole day in front of a screen when my eyes feel like they will fall out of my head. Today is one of those days.
The food channel has great recipes for delicious and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
you're a little bitch. I just disrespected you, does that mean we fight now?
r u watchin an encore ... lol !
Thanks for a lovely evening & for the great audience for my laryngitis ridden Mary McCarthy talk. And thanks Ricola throat lozenges.
Traffic was light this morning Hopefully is not so bad now..
UPDATE: Asian Shares Mostly Down On Renewed Europe Woes; Tokyo Hit Hard - Wall Street Journal
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 6
nice view!
Please RT if you have received poor customer service from a telecoms provider.. To experience excellent customer service, Give us a call !
bill withers, Use Me
WAY like!
What I think can't be true. It's all in my head. Make believe.
I need to know
14.32, Mats for 107, they also have 3m vinyl for the top
la migra hide me
thanks for the follow. Let me know how I can build a relationship with you. Here's what I do: putitinprint.com.
Wow!!!!! Surreal. Back in NYC for first time in 4 months!!!
It was a very fun evening working with a tight film crew at undisclosed restaurant in DC.
Only 9 seats left -- we are at 90 people -- our biggest night yet!!!
why you gotta use that word? Don't be a retard.
Glad you enjoyed! Thanks for the recommendation, !
was wondering same thing
glad I could give you a good workout. That new girl that was here, the young one, basically told me it wasn't very hard. Revenge...
School board candidate Bill Ponder: Why wait unti the numbers come out to talk to bargaining units?
but I'm sure you love them
Go eat there right now! Love the deviled eggs and the bacon flight, especially.
you have been the most amazing and inspirational star I have ever seen you do an amazing job and are a true role model for kids
Good morning world
Ha ha!! Aubrey's picked last.
your ankle is swollen too?:p
You got me poppin champagne!
true story
happy thursday peeps wake up and lets do this!
Brunswick Stew
ABX Cakes are great alone or even with a Breakfast BLT!
yeah! i'd heard a lot about it from friends for weeks. so good!
She said she wanna be a dentist really bad.
Bruno Mars should've won the award for best record of the year. I love adele but bruno mars deserves it too. I LOVE BRUNO MARS!!
Looking for lead time? As fast as we can set-print, box and ship. If it's possible, we get it done!
What did YOU think of the Prez's #SOTU speech last night?
So thankful for all these gigs. I love being a #DJ!
Yeah… us too.
haha well you're doing good!!
Did you get the feedback I emailed you on Thursday?
oh I know Milly... Hahaha.. Sorry unread the wrong words... Damn whats goin on with me today?!
That just shows how pathetic the NBA is.
Oh now we have a delayed Flight from Washington DC ... This has got to Be a joke
The content on our twitter is because we're stoked that they've created a way to measure your "influence" across all of social media.
on 's imdb, under trivia, they spelled 's name wrong..giorgia, not georgia..imdb, do your research.
Don't blame Carter for getting teammates to protect him against Romanowski and other like players who verbally lashed out to hurt him.
good point......Um...were fucked
When I think of rigor, I think of mortis. When I think of learning, I prefer to think of vigor rather than rigor.
who in they right mind gone wear they louboutins just to walk around downtown on concrete!!!? take care of ya heels PLEASE!
I want a chick wit big ass & tits/that makes my toez curl when she gobble dick!
Sweet. The Blue Jays went back to their old uniform.
Dean Rick Cartwright will be on at 12:30. (10 minutes!) Turn your radio to 89.1 & hear about the new Performing Arts Center!
Jack L compares the time after Walt's passing to Apple and Steve Jobs. One man being the face of a company breeds reluctance.
I just remembered I had a dream last night where I got shot in the stomach..
NY tonight m8 to help my rents with some stuff, but ONTARIO TOMORROW!
If you are traveling and you have allergies, bring your own dust-mite pillow covers to use at your hotel.
How does a vagina look before sex? Like a lovely pink rose! And after sex? Ever seen a Bulldog eating Mayonaise?
What happened to the good weather?? :( typical Chicago summer...
it was me I sent them the dm an they wrote it but now I'm twllin u I a crush on u it was me
that doesn't surprise me
Did you know that FITzee is now available for office #vendingmachines? Get in touch to start a healthy revolution in YOUR workplace.
how do i know wat
The letter 'u' is now trending worldwide
Every choice we make leads somewhere. That is our responsibility to care about.
haha well I know I promised you a lot of things and I will but when I finish my Director career :P lol I'll get you it :)
Merry Christmas to all
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana indiana stucco repair, indiana stucco, stucco indiana
thank you cullen
MORGAN SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I love my group of friends!!!
Can't help but see "snot" in that hashtag. Thanks for the link!
Belatedly began #CodeYear from Seeing a blackjack program downstream brings me back to Mr. McWerter's C+ class at SSHS in 1997.
#IHateToBreakItToYou but you're not the center of the universe! I am!
When you tell me that, it's like a big "Fuck You" to my face.
I love how excited my math teacher gets over Pi Day, The Ides of March, and math in general. Wish I coud say the same...
Thanks Todd! Hope you've been well, amigo.
How did my twitcon turn sideways, this is stupid. I am too lazy to fix it though.
Webcast your event with us. Here is a sample of our work. www.lachamber.com/accesslacityhall
"You're just one smart ass son of a bitch. Shut your pie hole."- Old lady talking to her grandson next to me
Just saw this - Thanks!
Cheesehead creator Ralph Bruno joins us live at 8:45 this morning
99% sure I just saw Andrew garfield on his way into a midnight showing of hunger games
dream it, believe it, work it, achieve it
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
I dunno :/ you'll have to ask her yourself cause she tells me nothing :/ but she's going to make one :) <3
I will though!
Looking to serve your community and/or the Arts. Support the #Rivoli theatre with your time and energy! www.rivolitheatre.org/support
Gogo godfather gone, but never forgotten, as long as we keep the rhythm.
Halloween is coming up real soon! What are your plans?
Join and LIVE on #thepraisableshow talking music, dance & testimony: Join the conversation:...
the long-time organizer of this conference."
Who wants to play Sex dice with the boys and I in Seattle? It's gonna be great. (;
Might be more adoptable, and a closer image of his namesake, if you would paint a pink streak down his back...Cute as is, though
been tweetin me but with the wrong twitter name this whole time lol
hey, be quiet. In Rick Santorum's fictional reactionary America, women are not aloud to tweet about politics... Or vote.
Sorry for the slow week on the blog. We should be back in action next week. (wink, wink, contributors...)
I would like to see more positive news updates about occupy. Ok?
same except for recording next month. good to here all is well! sj
Girl if you order this we can get the two for one special
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts - it's what you do with what you have left.
my lil girl just eat a whole bag of m&m oh shit now she fin to be going all day
alright! Direct message us so we can figure out how to get you one!
i know you're a yoga goddess but playing jazz "stretches" my brain does that count??
#WhitePeopleGoogleSearches Who is Lil Wayne and what is he known for
Good Luck in the playoffs!
Then I have another bruise on my shoulder from playing hockey yesterday. Awesome.
Summer Paradise With You..<3
she deleted it..
My roommate is currently using a blow torch in the living room . . . Stay tuned to see if we blow up.
Tell me, idk
A silent world would be a tragedy for those with working ears.
Mr. Mature, i don't really understand a shit. -Childish
Yes! #TheMatrix is on!
It’s National Tourism Day. Get out and support your local communities by taking a tour in your hometown today.
Communication is everything. In hockey, in theatre, in life! :)
I work hard & get no sleep... I smoke loud on the low key... Yo English teacher be on me, but in public she do not know me Lol
well thank youu.
. is slowly becoming my new favorite time sink.
Both bosses are out today, leaving their offices empty. Nap time?
where was my invite? :(
Raul Labrador has officially filed for candidacy in Idaho's 1st Congressional District.
Breath is the bridge which connects life to consciousness, which unites your body to your thoughts.
I imagine going to the Western & Flower bus stop is like going to a really crowded party where no one talks to each other
Alex & Tyler are so funny (:
Come to in new world stages! Our show starts any minute!!
Making more money than I can spend, since I've already cashed out $296,097 in Saints Row: The Third.
yay almost the weekend!!
my house is ready for you lil mama <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Jesùs Tapia, producer of the #MXpresidentialDebate said he picked Julia Orayen cause she's short an cute, but didn't check her riskè dress
Did you know....Orange Leaf Clarksville has free Wi-Fi. Come try it out!!!
Dis is a hell of a tight game
Tried not to in that tweet :) Just don't read my replies to others!
Yeah ! Eminem is King Of Hip Hop no Doubt !
Looked at my speedometer today and noticed I was going 90.
Smh why did he grab hill by the waist?! Smh 2.2 sec ;(
why don't u cast a new name oh say..... this guy
I agree with him about that one, I cannot wait to get this season started
Apparently I'm the paris hilton of miami springs lmaaaao.
Cajuns win 5-1 over North Texas to advance to the #SBCSB Championship final to face South Alabama tomorrow. Game at 4 pm ET on SBC Network.
Me too! We should catch up.
Hidden Life Force: An Interview With LHF - The Quietus
Annapolis represent... Prince George St alum, here.
I see that becoming a photographer now lol
Just experienced in my living room AND on TV! Two places at once? It can only be the Maced God.
model -act- host <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Awhh(: you guys are so cute<4
10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop and Facbeook? When I was 10, I felt cool with my new markers.
i am here
Paul Cameron's comments against gays aren't just dishonorable, they are hurtful to the lgbt youth who committed suicide
Looking forward to the collab with :)
Money talks real loud, bullshit whispers.
Keep your friends close and enemies closer. Problem is, nowadays it's hard to tell them apart
Sport the olde english D
Super awesome music news happening soon- more details to come!
It is a daily ritual that I lift my arm up and and question "did I put deodorant on today?" right around this approximate time...
and have now befriended.
Why do we love wood floors? Health is one reason! Wood floors help maintain indoor air quality & get you one step closer to a healthy home!
#3333 - icon : 8 U seem like a cool person to talk to so we should talk :)
Happy Friday all! How is everyone?
So sad to hear that. I grew up watching him.
our bromance>>>>>>>>>> yalls romance
Yes! Theaters sell #glutenfree brownies.
221 dayz til graduation and out this piece! Yes!
Also, holy crap that last episode of #Korra had the best bending fights yet. Can't wait for next weeks.
OMFG. is following me and has been since last year. and NOW I NOTICED!? ah.. iLoveMyLiife<3
you may call me psanderette because I am proud to be a psanderette!! Its the best thing in the world! <3
RT : There is no bubble for election coverage anymore. #smwcampaign <- at least not for reporters, from physical to digital walls
"Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesperson - not the attitude of the prospect." - W. Clement Stone
Jessica Alba's Bobby Pinned Updo at the Rodeo Drive Holiday Lighting Ceremony - StyleBistro StyleBistro Jessica Alba 's Bobby Pinned Updo
Miss Brittany Murphy movies..
Yes, thank for your info a million! Ought to find anybody organizing Tea Party. I would like to participate in organizing.
Doctors Dave saw for crushed leg sound more like farm animal vetrenarians. Connie drops hints about potential necrosis, second opinions.
hey why r u mad at me
You're pretty but when you speak no one wants to listen because all we hear is ugliness.
-- You realize how bad your arm hurts doing that after awhile?? ow!
THANKS for the kind words about our IA service!! KEEP WELL and all the GOOD!!! all my best crew!!! :) J
Baylor's Kim #Mulkey on her recent diagnosis of Bells Palsy: "As far as the distortion of the face.. hell I'm just another ugly coach."
Did you happen did get a bus number on that particular bus? We'd like to let the garage know.Thanks!
RT : 380:Music legend Gram Parsons was born in Winter Haven, Florida in 1946.
Cheating on someone is a choice that you make. It doesn't "just happen".
The next three weeks are going to be epic. Two more days with Roberta, a karaoke birthday, a beer festival and a beach vacation.
shut the fuck up before I fight you, bitch.
of you think that place is bad then don't ever go to CONEY island...
Very jealous
I was already looking forward to the Bears' season greatly, but as a diehard Bulls, Cubs, & Blackhawks fan... I need the season here NOW.
Great news! RT : I wasn't expecting this so soon, but I was just named the Associate Dean for Research for UMD's iSchool.
Marquette's coach bears an uncanny resemblance to Dr. Evil
Bowling strikes in heaven above us today!
"Real men use one-ply toilet paper." PS
dude this tweet just almost made me cry laughing..lmao..
RT : Make sure to follow this week. He will be tweeting live from mission control during launch.
Up late working on the new website, so stressful.
me neither at #fsu, but I went to an all black school briefly my soph. year. I loved it and errone loved me cause I gots SOUL!
Ever been told you have feet of clay? How about feet of a beetle? Well now you can take that one as a compliment.
Dear #ATT: No amount of mindfulness meditation will be able to bring back the hour I lost of my life due to terrible customer service.
Hav u ever ben in a discussion w a loved 1 & suddenly ur blood pressure skyrockets, ur nerves fray, & the worst version of u begs 2 com out?
I hope every one has a lovely but possibly chilly evening, goodnight & sweet dreams! Pro-choice!
Whose pumped for the NATO in chicago this year!!!!
Yes JAH Thanks for following! Look for our releases!
you are still following me. Hurry and catch up so we can walk side by side :)
"Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them." Richard E. Byrd
If you playing both sides, you know you gottah lay there
Who up with me?
in such a good mood. just wish class didn't have to ruin it.
Goodnight everybody! Hoping for another gorgeous day here in Big D tomorrow!
Watching mayweather cotto again for the fifth time... Good fight but money may all day man, it's like a visual text book
Can't sleep can't sleep
I repeat. Julio Jones FTW.
um, can I ride shotgun?
Stuck in a Finance Meeting. I hate math.
Arkansas vs Michigan today at 1:00 Central time on CBS Hogs Are going to win WPS 479!!
Congrats Jermaine! You can fly!! Hugs & blessings!
Thanks! I'm enjoying all the useful green tips on your blog. Keep them coming!
You should! Is that your square? He is all knowing. He mentioned that you and Rob were taking him home at halftime. Aww papa.
great handle!
come see me then!
" The seder requires participation from everyone" Last night the dog found and ate the afikommen!
Great week for the company, Saved the day for Ace hardware of Greensboro, NC! Hope to do more business with them in the near future.
haha! Definitely not me. Also, what's your apartment number next year!?
Finally home from work!! <3
Good(?) to know that this problem is not just limited to archives in the U.S.
1 2 meet me outside , All my ruff riders meet me outside !
Tried out New Belgium's Hoptober. It was fantastic. Ranger was a little bitter for my taste. I know it's an IPA, but still a bit much.
Thanks for the tweet.
2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
we want
What's good Twitter?!
the I is their flagship, and is getting rightfully slagged for a general lack of imagination.
Glad to know your happier without me around
Thanksgiving meal #1 - done
My computer isn't wanting to play my movie or let me take it out! And it's a Netflix movie so I can't just forget about it.
Cathy house in depends!
Creeps me out
Haha okay. Sounds good<U+E405>
I am able to speak to what their deeper struggles are that are truly keeping them from the life they desire
I just followed her
Hey! Can u do a shout out in ur next vid and tell 'em to follow me!
Thanks for the follow
Being in school until June isn't so bad when you're in Chicago on lovely days like today.
can I have the channels back that I agreed to pay for? Charter removed a bunch but continues to charge the same price
One goal lead going into the 3rd... Go Kings go!
We try to publish daily, and there isn't that much corruption! Sometimes we just examine taxpayer spending.
i love sunday nights when your relaxing.. i love them <3
Wrangling hamsters Libyan drive to speak to seek asylum in Malaysia election sobriety is not a college
Chapter 1: Crazy
Bad spellers untie. ...my music teacher said... smh.
Oh how creative! Express yourself!
Not only is death the great equalizer, but we all end up naked on a cold steel table wearing a pair of depends.
The only thing uglier than that Philly-Boston series is Mike Brown's suit.
o can't wait.
Class action -- a legal right to mass stupidity.
it's beautiful!
Shall man be given marvels only when he is beyond all wonder?
Your flight instructor should do an arrangement of #Ives' From the Steeples and the Mountains
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
You suck, answer yo phone boy!!
If You Don't Mind Me Askin, What You Use?
Hi all! Tweeting frm School in Baltimore MD.
One genuine, sincere person is who I'm searching for, who will capture my heart & I his. One to kiss good night & hold each other...
bwagahahah... Yep we do
Where can we get some healthy but delicious food in NYC? Any suggestions?
MotherFuck my opponent.
Women drivers.. Smh RT : Almost got into a wreck with a fire truck.. Wow
fuck the lakers i dont rock with them unless they playing the heat lol
im not even living in miramar
Caught an infectious laugh on the street.
Just got alittle from the other now movie with another
Three shows in two days, here we go :D
Feels pretty good about being ranked 15 in a class of 345 :)
Omg j can't believe my neighbors' dog cares abt her puppies' the food she gets she gives it all to her babies' OMG LOL!!!!
Hey what do you know Giancarlo"don't call me Mike"Stanton finally hit his 1st homer of the season yesterday!
Corporate run today, 3 miles of awesome today!
And that, my friend, is why I'm delighted you have joined Twitter.
Everyone says is a "wanna-be Justin Bieber" but he's not! He is a one and only person and Justin is his inspiration <3 -Brooke
I just think the religious argument makes sense. Since its a "sin". Removing that just means against it out of preference.
What does David think of Tim Burton's Dark Shadows movie? The trailer is as silly as the TV show played serious.
#LRT my friend use to call her that. LOL
Our good buddies will be releasing a 7 song digital EP this summer! We're so excited to hear new stuff from them, get stoked too
Around #SanDiego #text IGOBIG to 90210 for #special offers & #discounts from GoBig Printing. You get the best services with #mobile!
and and i may even try to meet up with you if you get a min, but we have a lot of cool stuff planned
at #DellWorld: Line between biz strategy and IT strategy is blurring. IT=business.
Yes. Without change, downfall is inevitable RT: facebook is starting to feel cluttered/busy/noisy.. anyone else get that feeling?
Everyone all talk no swag.
congrats! I live in Austin, TX now with my wife and 3 kids (soon to be 4). Things are good.
Appreciate you including me. Thanks.
only if it is paired with garlic bread. And wine. :)
thanks for the
For everyone on 2p2, make sure to think about what may have been in your PM inbox /outbox...
no, i'm at home in pj's playing multiple games of scrabble with strangers.
:thanks for the awesome shouts :)
oh that's pretty cold! It's about 80 right now, and normally tops out around 90 in the summer time.
Heading Back To Texas Now...Been a Crazy Busy Week...! Tweet Ya'll Again In a Bit :)
Esso_atl oh yes it turned all the way up 2 the max
Chew with your mouth closed. Omg
"Everyone I know goes away in the end....."
he's home right now duh
sounds good!
What is with the bi-polar people today!?!
I jus took the Longest nap ever...
is watching #ThePrestige. love me some #ChristianBale. over/under 30 minutes before i fall asleep?
Nice to catch that last set from south pacific
RT "Studying abroad is a prerequisite for Life 101" by #NAFSA & CoWorld member Kate Wozniak
Lol Don't feel bad. I've done it before.
sleep is what i need right at this moment...really dont want to be bothered with any company today..
I can't stop hearing your music stronger it really rocks could u please follow me.
when is it? What do u mean? #CubanFest?
Come enjoy the beautiful weather inside our store on New Comic Book Day!
Drugs, alcohol and the devil. RT : Really? Who's going to beat the Texas #Rangers this year? Who? Really? Who?
No problem! Glad to.
Stop by Sonic today from 1-2pm>2 C the #Baltimore Oriole Bird who will b wondering around the shopping center at 8212 Liberty Rd.
Iphone 5 is coming out in september!
who did you take this week?
Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
q. for #emerge2012asu presenters: how will you archive your results without a disciplinary canon? How to pass the torch?
Good job Giants. That was a big win tonight against the Phillies. Great pitching duel between Cain and Lee. Go Giants!
Free idea for PUA nerds: come up to me and talk about my nail polish, I might not be immediately overwhelmed with disgust
Happy Thanksgiving from the Citelighter Team!
Im ridin round n im gettin it. Its mine, i spend it
Saw Liza with a Z being interviewed on the red carpet outside Kodak for the TCM film fest. Also! Robert Wagner and Osborne and Rose McGowan.
A 3rd meal (snack or supper) & sports or movement should be part of a longer learning day.
It's in my closet! lol
I feel like I've been iin the car forever
So much negativity from alot of "#pens fans" Suck it up, stop whining, and root for your team. Their is a reason you don't work in the
don't think so. Trying to get her to sleep and get some myself. So far, she's the only one sleeping...<3
Only two chefs have double restaurants on #worlds50best restaurant awards-- and Fat Duck's Heston Blumenthal in Britain.
hey thanks for following me I am still trying to add u too so we can dm
sandwich's YUM
Thanks for being our newest followers , , & !
welcome back to Seattle!!! Glad to have u back with the team!
Don't have a clue what you speak of Good Sir..
Stop by www.papouspizza.com for the best pizza in town - tell Luke that Mango Media sent you - on Leetsdale about 1 from Cherry Creek North
"Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith."
hey, just arrived. Not sure I have your number handy...
Awesome tours tonight! Packed night tomorrow. The Pedal Mill loves Baltimore!
a bit.
me too! overly excited, actually
me too. We're already getting feedback and actually tweaked the MVP a bit.
what's wrong?
But now I'm watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 :)
Where are y'all? Lets meet up! :)
Yes! We're open for spring break! We're open normal hours with the exception of being closed Friday 3/35, a university furlough day.
We NEED new beats! Producers send that crack!
Zoo-like Cannes opens with Anderson's 'Moonrise': The sunbaked Cannes Film Festival got under way with Wes Anderson's "Moonrise Kingd...
ok. getting by. AHHA I SOUND OLD. but YOU?:)
So many people are worried about showing license plate numbers, but very few people actually do anything harmful with them.
I do like that idea, though. "Joe did what Joe does." I can get behind that :)
Who's to blame? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Watching the 2 hour long #Glee episode!!!
A 3 by al Harrington!! Go nuggets!
#BBN That's how we do!!!
We have some great stuff in the works :-) stay tuned!
this must be a hockey game #lions and
Belated thank you!
woohoo! I'm famous!
Help spread the word about the #ExperienceJoeRogan app for Android? Best of all it's completely free!!
Glad you took these takeaways!
supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest
Parachute drop at the old Riverview amusement park near Belmont and Western, in
I mean, you should have to make some personal connection, right? Not just put dates + genre into a machine and spit out a tour.
Then this other hoe telling the WHOLE bus her life story -___-
comsidering the option of never eating raw fish again... it just might be worth it
SO HUNGRY!! Bah. And so sick of this annotated bibliography. I feel like giving up.....but I know I can't, my grades matter too much to me
RT : Started 21 Days to Maximum Performance Memory Mastery Prgm. Look out world!
Oh wow...and i missed 11:11. =\
Another day at Nutridge High.
Can't wait for the weekend!!! Shooting on Sat. Morning, followed by hanging out with my baby and the dog(s). Lots of r&r.
O'Hare is quiet this evening. Wish you were all here, #saa11!
Mullet/jorts combo spotted
#I wanna skip class ;&but dont wanna get caught-_-
yummy! Is that chocoflan? My classmate is completely obsessed with it, I'll have to look out for when you hit 'publish' :)
Tomorrow Joe will be in Queen Ann, Belltown, Ballard & Medrona! Call 206-414-1039 to schedule a carpet cleaning!
thoughts #emchat ? MT : Admission officers R in a business. They are looking out 4 the institution No. 1& families come in 2nd
The Lovely Bones was a pretty disappointing movie. And the bones weren't even that hot, if you ask me.
can i waste time with both of you too, please?
will we see you Saturday for #OpOliver?
There is such a thing as being totally satisfied.
:,) justins voice in everythings gonna be alright made me cry
Hoes these days.
Smokin on joints that look like candle sticks
Mood shift.
Welcome to who are working to build a new #hospice for young adults in the North West. Best of luck!
Definitely a seeker (a shaker minus a blog!)
have a good game bro! but hope it's a C's blow out!
In both practice sessions. He starts 4th. He is a dark horse pick. But my pick to win the Aarons 499 at Talladega Superspeed is the
After my "BubbleBum" tweet, I got spammed by bots asking " Looking to Hookup Tonight" (Is it polite to write back & say no thanks?)
I don't know it's never going to be the same.....
Not anymore! I use to be! Only in my #fairytales RT: #Cancer's are big believers in love
omg mike from ICON, your hysterical haha(:
I just woke up. RT : You're always wagging your finger at someone. Man, go to sleep...
What a matchup tonight! Good luck to and We’ll see you both in Nov in Orlando at the #OldSpiceClassic!
Nice - have a good trip! :D
All musical artists ready to take the MKE music scene by storm - join us tomorrow night to find out how!
“: Boosie Boo not guilty! How'd he pull that off lol ... He didn't do it!!! Lol!
So jealous, Max! They're amazing.
Thank you!
vry impt that parents are able to hold any new school operator just as accountable as old one
There was some crop failure. Wendy's won't serve tomatoes unless requested... RT: : WHY DO TOMATOES COST $3.99/lb?!
Lehigh Valley Art Wars Throw Down taking place Friday in Allentown
Watching Manchester United at Chelsea with Viggle Sun | 10:30AM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Where's the bronx zoo cobra? Has he gone underground?
re Alias game. You can probably find it in the used bin at your local EBGames/Gamestop
text me when you can, i gotta tell you about this dream :o
Hahaha love you <3 ": #MentionTo someone who's super lazy."
making coffee w tea filter dad got me, simple as it gets, its perfection
Andrew Sullivan and Tina Brown are supervillains who must be stopped.
pretty bad day at school today.
Thank You for the Follow
Aw shux! RT : Forget that lottery ticket, following is a guarantee of wealth. A wealth of cool music, anyway.
RT : John Boehner said half the people who get hit by millionaire's tax are small businesses. Truth-O-Meter says False....
look like derwin aint a rookie no more lol
RT : "The mark of a GENIUS - in any realm of life - is the ability to explain something that's COMPLEX in a SIMPLE way!”
What kind of REAL strong heroines would you like to see?!
: what bro, you still got my number.
of course
sounds like a plan. I can meet earlier too if there is a class.
Plans for Mother's Day??
RT : RT : if you don't eat the pussy, she got a hungry nigga on speed dial that will
Best relaxing treatment, besides the beach, I've had in ages! Highly recommend Set the Chi Free! Jacqui is a miracle worker.
Drupal is my BFF now!
Experience is the best teacher.
never realized it was always you I was serving a bowl of chili &salmon sandwich/salad at sunroom! #missedconnections?! #loljk?
Bring your cameras to document the insanity. Should be a game for the ages.
Cool, but rude.
Is there anyway I can pay cash at the door Tuesday? I'm on a cash only thing. I can make an exception if need be. :)
about 120 for my tattoo ? hell yeah , think i'll be gettin that bihh real soon !
what if Busta Rhymes was a News Anchor
Social is incredibly powerful for story telling for small depts in large companies
Just left the recording studio.hard work,but very rewarding.
We are back and on application #130137 - Kevin O'Brien.
can I be louis' or nicks gf?
#belowtheline #LBL caffeine withdrawl as well but worth it all by nxt Monday!
Am I the only one who'd watch a Waterworld Vs Mad Max movie?
Ooh-ooh! I forgot about that one! ": Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with St. Drunken"
I can't stop bawling. Every time I watch it....!
I HATE SPIDERS.
i got you [: want me to talk to him or anything?
Does Chris work tonight? I really want to go in to Fleming's for an Ahi Burger!
thanks Pete! Luckily our bar was just a side venture w/my cousin but I'm sure going to miss it! And as for me, I'm optimistic :)
I didn't ruin nothing. i was just sitting here playing my music, thats it!
“: haha I'm already sore :/ " You may not like me today, or tomorrow, but you'll love me in the long run.
Can anyone help me out with sending a bulk email.. I have 750 email addresses I need to send a piece of marketing material to..please help!!
where do you met this stuff
Overall, I'm satisfied with my final grades. Especially the B in biology...
You know, I heart I do worry I create too much drama every time I go there.
hello sexier than me
BOOKED! I'm playing husband proud of his prized piece of artwork...my wife doesn't like it quite as much. :-)
I recently used Regus in Tampa to hold a meeting with out of town participants. I was really impressed, very professional & top notch.
Ready to watch the All Star weekend festivities. Got two AZ wildcats in the slam dunk contest! #Budinger and #DWill gonna get it done
wow! Maybe they'll be fine with what they have
I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers. ~Claude Monet
worst head ache everr
i personally cannot believe that "parrot cornholio" brings up nothing on youtube
Creating a monster record. Stay tuned!!!!
Shit I need sum hype party ppl where u at?! Haa
#iThinkOfYou. When I listen to Frank.
lets take a trip outta town
#TheBestThingInLifeIs the feeling you get knowing you're helping #artists and #designers make the world a better place!
Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> ": Lakers fans wear those sketchers that light up when they take a step"
The dude working at the deli just asked me if I wanted the regular. When I said yes he gave me three lollipops. #thatswhatimtalkingabout!
“Poverty is the worst form of violence.”Gandhi (Still writing grants for CU's that serve the poor so I am finding sad stuff about the US)
Isn't that what a question mark usually implies? However, I am more concerned now about how to get the polish off my floor
no you won't i am too sly
Well that surely didn't disappoint
new food items on menu. New Super buger, buffalo chx wrap, curry fish sandwich, jalapeno poppers & chopped chx salad. Lunch time. Cheers
Informal survey to Dems and Reps on Twitter: in what ways, if any, are Romney and Pres. Obama alike? (a phrase or sentence if poss)
Sure, but that's still your better chance.
remember AARP's stance
Why WHY DID SHE BRING UP PATRICK!?.
“ straw built ass” lmao girl thats You! Come on son!
Ive had this convo with about dudes and their Vampire thirst on twitter. Dudes need to get it together.
In my own lane
Oh yeah! RT : I'm watching The Marriage of Maria Braun, getting ready to guest on this weekend!
If your going to sample a legends work, please make sure u do a good job. Thank you
"Vienna was the city of statues." #fridayreads Collages by Anais Nin Swallow Press 1964
is it me or does it feel like a new social media site is created everyday?
Hell yea mem cam toRT You think they can beat the thunder RT : If the Clippers come back and win they goin to da finals
Thanks for the retweet Pedro!
And Lori gets the "held onto my BB the longest" award!
Wow, sounds like someone needs a vacation
Super psyched for the this weekend! Who wants to come with me???
"Easy"- Rascal Flatts and N.Bettingfield, great song! :) :(
I wouldn't mind them trading back to second then back into first. Probably upshaw, Hill, konz. GB might get upshaw though.
I cannot stop reading "The Book Thief" - pick it up!
Is it racist that every commercial break for basketball wives there is a RX for "brown skin" ad... I think yes!
which is a really good reason.
It's a nice day to get pierced! Don't forget to grab a 20% off jewelry ad from the Stranger newspaper!
Pretty certain it is too darn early for eating smelly onions. Girl sitting next to me didn't get the memo.
: No 1st term prez will pass #immigration #reform, so why go with #Romney if #Obama can do it in 2nd term?
Happy New Year! May the God of peace & love shine on you all your!
Happy Mardi Gras folks! Even if you aren't from Louisiana, it's a great excuse to party on a Tuesday!
Did you know we give 2% back on all total purchases which you can accumulate on your Chois Loyalty Cards and use towards future purchases?
Perseverance is a great element of success. ~ Longfellow
Its better to have stayed away if u've never seen it before. Bad projection= bad 1st viewing. Watch 's DVD instead
Trust your instinct..it will always lead you in the right direction.
RT : #mls deserves better officiating than #ussf can provide. 1 of the things holding back the game in this country.
": Women have a better sense of smell than men." ---------- I don't believe this onee
and i did a *heart8 and pointed to travis and he smiled and did a heart and pointed back.
Benign, is the opposite of malignant, i.e. cancerous. .keloidsurvey.com
RT : OK, I'll admit...had a great time at Company this afternoon.
That's "Gibraltar" - over by Spain I think?
I was at Pier VI seeing Chicago the band, not Chicago the city. It would have been a really far away wave. :-)
Working on music for handbells, voices, and tin whistle, among other things.
#FF local style guides
thanks you are a dear.
Nicki Minaj Sings 'Super Bass' with Sophia Grace #Full Version#: via
I'll be at the Flying Saucer Jelly today...will you be there?
RT : karaoke is singing with the band this year. See their set list for ideas at
Giants is playing legit. Atlanta weak tho.....Gotta put a L in tha air
Heading up tp New York for the weekend to check on my house and see some friends...
follow me so i can reply
I know. I lost your number I think. They smashed my phone in prison
so I really miss ! where are you?
#ThisSummerImTryna surround my self around some more real ass people
No surprise can produce such a magical effect as being loved. Charles Morgan
Type "let it snow" into the Google search engine. Happy Holidays!
Ah. Let it be known that henceforth, the old testament is irrelevant in all policy considerations--so sayeth the Austin Scott.
from today's dept colloquium: performance of performance on reality TV shows (jersey shore, etc) "is like…goffman squared!"
It was great, thanks. Great cause, the guys were amazing. Laird made me do shots w/ him, haha! He had his ring on too!
Great job tonight Jennifer. Thx for always be the first to jump into acting action.
im god now smoking whit kushhh
Great deal! RT TODAY ONLY - Join California Family Fitness for just $20!!! Please RT!! :)
My news, feed is on blast. I don't know .-.
Back to my old ways... uh oh.
.laugh me makes always video face a without eyes the watching .seriously him take can't i but idol billy love do i
I'm pretty sure is still single also!! Just saying
YES, we should!
stfu thats a shitty one. they would hire helen keller if she applied
The drink I made at home isn't as good as the one (ok, four) I had at the bar.
omg panera and library w cute date omg omg omg every1 jellz omg
#Obama is using the issue to isolate and antiquate #Romney and the #ReligiousRight. +
"Is swaggless with two g's?" -
thnx for followin me u made so happy :D
sorry its taken me a minute but ill have a record we can work on soon IA
Bridge flash mob!
I don't know if I am the worst cook ever, or if it was because I made a lowfat version, but the eggplant parm wasn't good:(
#GoTribe Loving my TRIBE!!! Can't wait to spend a whole weekend watching in the CLEVE LAND I LOVE!
If anyone thinks Mike Leake has it bad, check out Yovani Gallardo's line.
FOR THE LAST TIME: I have a flip phone and can't get all these fancy photos of my uncle in that man-on-camel scene you keep texting me.
i wish my 35 yr old ass could be a part of ur life
YASSS Robert you betta go in on The Letterman Show right now! <3
RT!“: I hate using eye drops. I always blink! >:(”
awe:( you should smile:D
Perry better prepared and at ease. A day late and a dollar short unfortunately
I am craving some Mongolian Barbeque....
Don't heckle the comedian
Everyone in short circuit is a poser
Are you submitting for the LIM College Fashion info conference? I just have a few questions for a first-time submitter (for confs)
Haha, I'll take that under advisement. I need to share an automation breakthrough we had last week too. Text on the way...
RIP Phillip. <3 sending much love to all of his friends and family. xoxo
Has always been that tall?
Knife Fight feed is up! Psyched to get on set today with and And of course, our boy
If MW people are looking for an after party, come to Lion's Share on Kettner.
I hate when someone txts you but they don't ever txt you back
gotta sleep on it.
Had a great night performing with Shotgun Radio. Serious Underground Warehouse action.
Im fine.I get to leave Saturday.da only thing dats killing me is the pain and it hurts even more knowing I cant dance anymore
Good news today! Ninth Letter will serialize my novella "In a Distant Country" this spring, in six parts, on their website. Woo-hoo!!!
Don't throw away your old computers, donate them to www.KomputersForKids.com - they'll use what they can and recycle the rest! =D
good morning all - choose to have a wonderful day ! -time for a Starbucks- get the juices flowing-
It's all over news now. It was foreseen in the long run...
I might come to school I feel bad lolol
Hey...tix are tough but you never know. Please bring home a couple of wins this weekend. #gigem (what does that mean?)
cornu it is; I'm new to them, as far as I can recall.
Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed for the students whose mothers call me in the office to fix their school inconveniences...
You guys killed - see you next time RT : thanks so much for a rockin evening! catch you next time
I need to start liking homework!
thanks for the shoutout! 2 new interviews with him this week!
killin it at
good call.
Unfortunately that will have to wait until next year.
think i'm going to rock this red michael kors for graduation. now all i need is some appropriate footwear :)
Looks like we will be sharing a hashtag with Celebrity Big Brother in the UK this week. Wieland, anybody?
Its almost been a year!! I can't believe it! I love and miss you So much dad!!!! :(
Taylor Swift is playing 6 NFL stadiums in 2011, including tour finale at Cowboys Stadium next October. Wow. (via )
Passed my science sol, yay !
Wow that's a market of 9MM US households that can buy online without a checking/credit/debit account!
No pick me! IM YOUR FAVORITE(:
Pompa: if all of our students are not prepared to compete with children all around the world, this country is going to lose.
I thought it was kind of a cool song, But she's an amazing dancer. I'll def give her that, she could do better acting too
She Fucked Him , Him , Him Your Bro , Your Homies , Your Cousin & Best Friend
Besides the Resident Evil games, what other survival horror titles do you enjoy playing? ^SZ
Tomorrow's #awcchat is about creative refueling & brainstorming, w/ - 1130am CST. via
No matter what crime someone might have committed, rape is not part of the penalty.
Thanks for the heads up!
Looks like I will be writing for my hometown newspaper The Daily Press this Fall! (Newport News, VA)
“ “ Thanking God for waking me up today #Blessed..””
with the new coarse-grind burrs?
Cotton Tale Rug, Pirates Cove Guide | area rugs children
Freddie Mercury Hologram? Queen Shrugs
No matter what your situation, you can re-design your life to get more work done and have more success. Your life is in your hands.
Key words in that phrase... "right now..."
Cheer up mr grumpy gills. We're gonna whoop some ass tomorrow
Another shred of innocence lost :) RT Wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence: 'brightness' knob doesn't work
& my mama going in ahahahaha
I hate know it all kids.
I have never been more exhausted. In a million ways.
tx for the love chica!
4 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!!
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy <3
Start with the lego version before you commit to the bigger one.
May I suggest a name for the project? Call it "Car" :)
Don't make it to easy girl don't take it too fast_
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. ~Erica Jong
video idea: young women in the woods with weird voices in urban outfitters couture maybe a horse or mystery ritual or mystery language text
good hangin out with my friend ivy and lol
if your interested in coming to lexington and doing a autograph session let me know!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by the #tornado in the south.
sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead
Haha I lost it. Love that the kids were into it.
Just got woke up by a doorbell that I thought was for me. Opened the door as was terribly surprised.
So sick of politics and religion! That cabin in the woods looks better everyday!
its February 13 ...
Best pizza in the Bronx: go.
okay il text you(:
Also new this week- lkey lime sorbet. Love key lime pie? You'll love this.
“: Oh, you drink smart water? You must shine with intelligence.”
:-) RT Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :)
Surprisingly enough, #Columbiana wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be.
thank you. :-) I needed that.
yes it would im going to go before Danielle freaks out about all these tweets ill message u on fb later.
GREAT DAYFab Friday's Wanderer & State Fair Sandwich
RT: Our weakness is one of our greatest excuses. We may be weak, but God is strong, and He is willing to be our strength.
In 1969, astronauts Eugene A. Cernan, Thomas P. Stafford and John W. Young blasted off aboard Apollo 10 on a mission to orbit the moon.
Happy birthday I love u baby
Thank you for choosing A1 Shredding, Happy Holidays to all.
FANS! Follow Lady Phoenix as they need our support! The girls are recording the album now as a duo Melissa & Diana! <3
RT Isn't a moment of silence a bit too ironic for Penn State?
RT A big "Thank you" for the follow! Thanks again from
I completely agree, I like that quote
it's ok lol
It's the same impulse as wanting to do that when you read badfic in fandom. I completely understand *headdesk*
happy good friday all.may you have a blessed day.
FUCK!! I had two of the numbers.. smh
I just wish I could use more than 140 characters. Ha.
thanks for the follow Mikey! Hope you'll check out our site! :)
Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians!!! :D
I'll Be gone for awhile... check it! Don't Follow Your Dreams. "LEAD Them!"
Then to Trader Joe's and now - drumroll please - Target!
4/20 special coupon code 420420 for 20% off the entire site WOW! check out the coolest pipes ever. SWEET!
love it!
an ok boyfriend..but a great wifey.
thanks for RT. :)
If you haven't already, go download our music for free!
you're so hip with your new twitter gfriend <U+2665>
ahahaha, i have to be up to get my hair done again tomorrow at 8:30 lol ;) gosh, talkin to you is amazing :)
Love what you're doing - thank you for following us, and looking forward to your tweets.
Good night !
I'm reading it! Ps. dubstep is kinda cool. it took me a long time to decide whether i liked it.
That's the same bra I saw when we went shopping! I put over 2000 Swarovski crystals on it! I perform tonight in Divas at 10PM
“: Looking forward to a great week at Hamilton Co. ESC in Cincinnati.” We enjoyed speaking with you today!
That's your brand. The older you get the more valuable your name. And no one else can take it and do bad things with it.
yeah an apple martini
Good morning world!! Rise n Grind!!
Hay IamStevenT you are funny on American idle.I love Aerosmith!!!!! Please follow
": Ew this pic is so ugly! I'm only saying this for attention HAHA!!!!!!"........love those people..
10 Facebook Tips 1. NEVER EVER start a facebook account. you be really addicted if u do start one.
They ain't giving Kobe foul calls yet. But they will. In the 4th quarter. When the game is on the line, the refs will cheat.
I hope my Elmo has fun at prom! Ily Elmo!
RT : Hello, shoes for #LFW... Lace Up Platform Booties in Brown by fr -...
When we decide to follow our heart we can often fear that we may lose certain people because it will change our direction...
Good Morning Sis! Thanks for the support. You are appreciated:-)
And I learn nothing
If I fall.......the top is where I wanna be landing at....Fa realz!!!!
Getting ready to connect with of Unspun
I hope that I spelled her last name right lol
COME ON BABY BABY IT'S U... UR THE ONLY ONE I LOVE... UR THE ONLY ONE I NEED... ;-0
He's got more important places to be, but it's a shame that Brandon Jacobs couldn't be at the Giants ring ceremony.
Starting work on a new collection today at the University Archives. It's 10 boxes of unsorted booklets! Eek!
Last week's raffle winner just picked up her lovely handmade bag -- she picked the cat design -- well done!
they can't let em stay close towards the end fam
My ears've have been hurting & I've had an on & off migraine all day
Kay we will
#glee :Whitney Houston .<U+2665>
Exhausted. But at least I didn't have another "wedding disaster" dream. So, that's a plus.
We're in a gold limo going to the MGM :) So excited!!!
I'm going to a be a VS model when I'm older!
Nashville friends, I'm now a zoo member! And I can always bring a guest, so let me know if youd like to visit the zoo!
Jacob! I miss you! </3
no no not really
Gettin this cut
are you too ugly or what..?
I'm sick! Where's the recipe? :)
Unveiling TWA= transactional web archiving not TWA (you know) open source 1+ yr dev (waiting to see the movie)
"You ask." "no, you ask!" "Will you please ask?" "why can't you ask?" "fine..hey my friend wants to ask you something!"
Beautiful day for a ride! RT : Anyone do #bikethebay yesterday!?
Bittings are often represented as a code which instructs how a key is to be cut by a locksmith.
we will be to open data very soon. much is going on in the background.
Happy 21st bro bro it's on this weekend plz LOUD ON DECK
Shots on shots on shots on beer.
Watch out for emotional vampires... protect your heart!! And your vision
The first Macintosh comuter was introduced in 1984 in a commercial which debuted during the Super Bowl.
Does a hot muscle car get YOUR engine revving?
how could something so wrong make me feel so right?
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Friday Giveaway! The winner is ! email us at to arange pick up!
"I was just making a humor joke."
Someone is looking up to you. Don't let that person down.
that is good that u are working hard....I'm trying to study for this damn bio test later
Yo mama house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yet... it will be Tebow's fault!!!
Speaking of, Best Coast less than impressive @ Bonnaroo RT Drew Barrymore to direct Best Coast video...
Listening to Don Knezek as he opens the Global Edtech Forum in #Dubai. Excited to share today.
Hell I've driven a lot farther for a lot less. Do it!! Only live once!
according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk. thoughts?
if he is block him. Smh
I got one of the best realizations from talking to a homeless dude: stop waiting for people to give you things, love, money, respect.
they also fly to Havana, Minsk, and Cleveland?
Sorry about that! Down below is the sample to our new CD! :)
Las Vegas is a love it or hate it kind of town. I hate it. Sorry, people who live here, but it's not for me.
All these Mikey pictures...#MeGusta ;)
Ask Style: What Are Some Easy-to-Do Holiday Hairstyles? I 've already spent a boatload on my dresses, shoes, etc. Got any tips for easy h
You're welcome. Yes, relaxing w/end :-)
I love ! Today a bunch of 8 yr olds blew me away writing - & performing - re: Superman & a monster w/a thorn in his tentacle.
yet guidlines need to be set and followed . if not you will have a world of confusion,much like todays world.Stay true and have faith.
A really cool contest with an AWESOME prize will be starting soon. Just finishing up the final details right now.
let's go to brunch this Sunday. Kelly you come too so we can discuss mortgage rates...
- yes, it is pretty much comedy gold...
i dont know but the way you let Austin have it this week was GREAT! And it was all the truth!
Too excited for 21st birthday
I'll make sure that she gets to your site this week man! Good stuff! Thanks for the compliments on the site...still working on it
did you read my tweet cracking up hahah! I was jking thoughh!
Ibanez was running like Nunez
Dude, the "joke" was preceded by a tweet that reported it as straight news. So, not "uptight."
Saved a few stories but the rest of my old notebooks are now gone. No need for them.
HEY, HOW ARE YOU?(:
Just make sure you snitch in the 2nd 48
slept in till 2:00...nbd
he was but I'm not sure anymore
lavender? Chamomile? Whats your favorite?
We wish all of the finalists of the James Beard Foundation Awards good luck at tonight's event!
I think it's helpful, especially on my work account. I think if the volume were higher, it might be a problem.
thanks for the mention! JF
Me: " #InTheSummer I'm going to workout a lot!" Me in the summer: "haha nah JK Maybe next summer."
My brother is lame !
No one at the bank.
Meet #lifevineworks co-founder chamille weddington today: CYC college fair at ICE theaters on roosevelt.
i found your WP site and is it so beautiful, did you code it all yourself or is there basic structure i can use to have the layout
or skype me, either one
I'm always goods :) I'm also always right, just ask them!
im sure it was shamazing..
I hate the rain... :P
Some one tweet my time line empty
indeed. To you as well :)
Suggestion: Bring #itgetsbetter conversation to international and mulitcultural communications learning
Thanks for the RT!
#TRAK #Records and #Library has a page on LinkedIn! Follow us for jobs in information management.
oh no Alicia here everyone quiet shhhhhhh
NYC is amazing. Meet friends for drinks, eat an amazing dinner, Broadway Show and THEN DRINKS AGAIN, all before 7:15pm L.A. time.
Enjoy the victory, Salt Lake. Too bad the bars close in 45 minutes. Good thing Village Inn remains open until 3!
GYM TIME! This trainer better not try to kill me or else.
Chris Brown just Killed the stage!!<3
#whenIwas13 I at least knew how to spell the insults I gave out. Kids these days,
(okay, let's put a quantifier there... unless I'm plugging my book, but hopefully you know about my book by now...)
lol!!!! But people should know Lou would NEVER cheat on Eleanor
Google Drive Problem Is a Public Cloud Problem, Says Privacy Expert
RT : I enjoy music like I enjoy food, I eat what I want when I want and not jammed down my throat by a stranger.
Assuming I make it to work tomorrow, that will make 3 SMSC offices in as many days.
I'm closing out the month in 5 days...All serious offers will be considered!
LOL i just stole this... :)
ya, unfortunately lol
I need to tweet more I'm slacking.
She ain't all that tell Tha bitch fall back
Busy day working on client cases. Best Wishes to all!
Missing the #adrintro meet up in Anchorage today :( because I overslept a wee bit. Ok, a lot.
Break legs tonight, ! I will be there tomorrow night. :-)
My birthDAY is over, oh well. I still have 6more days. Birthday WEEK. #LifeOfBreyonce . Ima princess
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot #write #create RT
low key the whole carpool is in town...we should link up today
hell yea. I'm so dead now lol
Plenty of time for a hearty breakfast before snow falls. Specials today? Crab and Asparagus Omelet, Caramel Apple Crepes OR Breakfast Pizza!
Interesting- maybe that's what this spelling is going for? : definitely haven't heard that pronunciation yet. More like "lirl"
Always call AHEAD
come say hi! check out who is doing some pretty cool things in our community!
yes he was on my list i sent u (=
Prince cover band concert in N Mpls
I heart #Tehas - where's your uncle live? I'm in
can I really come!!!
**CLASS SPECIAL** 20% OFF ALL CLASSES PLUS A FREE AIRBRUSH MACHINE!!!! CALL TODAY TO BOOK YOUR CLASS 248 477 5548
Subbed! Amazing Voice!!!
prometheus coming out in a few weeks is what's getting me through this school year for real
Come see & today from 12-2 at Shocking Prices! Autographs, prizes and discounted playoff tickets!
So excited to have you!!!
What do you mean by not provide any profile info? Not even names and email adresses??
Time to watch some #Hokies!!
yeah I was nervous here for a second thinking it would be a 1st, 2nd, or third..but we had multiple late picks were set
Working rapidly toward Interlink RC1. Adding iphone calendar links to ticket, client and associated contacts.
Tune in and turn on, right?? Nice RT : Tune in now for a sexy game!!
I'm playing at the Cotton District Festival w/ today in Starkville from 1-2 on the TVA Rockin' Stage! Come by and say hey! :)
Don't worry everyone, the cops have swarmed Loose Park to thwart evil families from potentially having any dogs off their leash.
oh man. i hate "that guy" at concerts.....or well any public venue.
cool. Aight. I'll consider it. Ps. Going to the game on Friday. 7 rows back. Can't wait!! GO c's
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?(:
Do what you gotta do, I'm doin me, but don't come to me when you realize you fucked up.
Raid the Cellar Sundays. That means every bottle in house in house under $60 is half price all day, all night. The patio is waiting.
Happy birthday my friend. You are a class act. Vamos and game on!
Hey Baby <3
Two show Tuesday
Wish our favorite bandito and roadmate was with us ;)
It's a beautiful afternoon @ the Farm, swing by & pick up our strain of the day; Tahoe Blue, great for depression, anxiety, & headaches.
I feel the shame of the beagle.
Agreed. But then again, he's not a HR hitter. So it'll have to be a mistake pitch as well as a perfect swing.
Strange Law of the Day: In Connecticut, you can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
*hugs* i'll see you saturday morning at least!
To all those friends or biz relationships who have inquired and those who may...Sadly, I will not be going to SXSW! Have an awesome time!
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Thanks, Tracy. The more I read on CNET, the more iPhone is the winner.
I love life and music
Fed imogen, had my first cup of coffee, already feeling jealous of neighbors with ac units, about to finish reading A friend's book mss
Another post could be to talk about your ex all the time. Including announcing what would have been special days with them.
I can't put it down! Read almost 100 pages already.
Listening music while doing homework
Catch us on 30A Radio Friday morning at 10:45 a.m. to talk about the big show. Hopefully we know all our brand new songs!
If your a boring tweeter I probably won't follow you.
My vagina looks like a penis.
Hey I just listened to the link you sent me...really nice songs! I would love to work with you.
wtf do that box mean??? lol
Yes! E me
We sell pies by the slice. For whole pies orders must be place and we deliver. We work from home temporarily. 619-537-8812
no!! Brother and his wife (:
Thanks, Richard. These are exciting times and we are early in the new world of e-publishing.
If someone brought me ice cream tomorrow before work, id probably die of happiness
Every man for there selfs and God for us all.
in 160 ch or less, who was the champion of these hearings?
we have an unlimited monthly starting this month. The next step is to rent a desk.
So sorry about that guys #KTCO, player is in a epic battle with me right now. Think I fixed it :) ^KM
Off for Winter Break! Going to work on updating my website soon:) Happy Holidays to everyone! xoxo
sounds interesting, I'll check out ur site. I see ur son has talent too maybe we'll link up sometime
yes I do! Next week is good for me. Let's do it
Hi, hi!! You look so familiar... haha! ;)
RT : Day 7 of Atlanta Beer Week: Terrapin Night: tapping a 2010 Wake-n-Bake and Pumpkin Fest (2011) today @ 5pm!
#PCA favorite Bones
well i wish u luck.. :)
Working on a piece about crowd-sourced analytics being used to influence narrative choices in media. On 4/20. Something's not right here...
What? That's what you get for booking aeromexico
Hello, dear Doris! I am moving, so not much time to tweet. Staying in ABQ, but sold house and going for an apt. & pool!
Thanks for the inclusion!
You should know, you can now order Girl Scout cookies through me. #oyI'llBeGainingSomePounds
Ouch. Traffic on I-90 sucks now.
Is it rude to switch treadmills when the guy next to you is hacking up a lung?
Hello and welcome to Monday!
We have time to develop this athlete!
It's goin' down tonight! is hosting the Spring Break edition of Tilt Night Club! 18+ to party, Central Ave. See ya there!
remember when you wrote about the Cavs? I feel like you're living Anakin's life in Star Wars. To sum up: the Heat are evil.
Here in #BarnesNoble getting some inspiration to workout from #gqmagazine and overall inspiration from #nylonmagazine young Hollywood issue
Great to meet Week. Thanks for the shout-out to Sears on innovation.
Sounds gd. Will be in touch about prog on live-tweeting. LMK if ideas for oth panelists.
Is your new album all children's music?
Bring it LA, I'm not movin'! RT : SB1066 passed unanimously in the Senate this evening!
Well that was a very non-me type thing to do.
Good night all :)
who is that?
Humbled by your words Laura. Thank you so much for sharing it. Love you too!
The food in our school canteen is perfect.If your a bug!
anyone else notice the BU hockey jacket in Eastbound and Down tonight?
haha where is that??
Thinking without awareness is the main dilemma of human existence ~ Eckhart Tolle
It's better to have 4 quarter then 100 pennies. REAL FRIENDS
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
also, happy tuesday!
It makes me want to eat an iguana!
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday April 19th. Looking males: 18- 30, own an iOS device $85 for 1 ½ hours
Sweet fanny pack
Good luck OIT Men's B-ball team! Just tipped off against #1 North Wood for the NAIA Nat'l Championship. GO HUSTLIN' OWLS!
My thoughts go out to #Japan after suffering from such a powerful natural disaster. Stay strong.
rondo! Yer out!
S/o too
Tosh.o funniest show ever!
Congrats on the signing Butta!
At #smw where Deep Focus hosts a discussion on connectdness very enlightening 21st democracy is going to be built by us
RT : : If 1 of 400 richest Americans paid fair tax rate, 5,400 low-income students could get Pell Grants.
Today i am not doing anything!
yeah!! It rained today. Much needed H2O
I couldn't agree more. Should be interesting tonight too.
In 1998 I got the itch but still could not do history. There could be no money. I was conditioned by success, IT success.
Love retreat, but always ready to get back to life. and I meet in less than an hour. A kiss from Jesus!
follow me pleasee
Thanks very much, hope Stew isn't giving you too much trouble!
Tweeting at 6 AM is like writing a letter in a post-apocalyptic world. "I don't know if anyone will ever read this..."
What is today? Today is the day that & are playing in San Diego. It is also my B-Day & do i get to go? NO! Sad face :(
i wish boy that i love love me......oo loving father lord help me to do all my thing and i will be the servant of god jesus i love u so muc
Stop by for a quick lunch with us at the
Oic. I think soft power is state action now, jstu w/o a remedy. Lieberman's call to Amazon surely violated 1A.
Precisely what Almost everyone Should be aware of In relation to Medial Inform Models.
Working on the roll out for Idaho Yesterdays. Pretty fun job.
i don't get it
Do it! Write from experience! It's the best place! (Are you thinking comedy? Like #40YearOldVirgin meets #BridesMaids!!!)
Time for a nap...then I go get a yard of mulch.
Would you rather have a virgin or a both again prositute?
Sure I am, Spammy. RT : Your a lucky March Madness winner!
Grandpa you can't say that!!
They put all their money into this and film in Times Square later in the season.
Here's a fun fact: my commute is longer then the average New Yorker's...
Where are you guys going for lunch?
Commerce Clause decisions have paved way for massive GOVT intrusion almost from start. Wherever products go, Uncle Sam takes charge. BOGUS
I think you forgot cracker barrel and golden corral!
I think you need to make that happen, sir.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 22
Nutty enough to be real. In an episode of "Community", they built a huge blanket fort. Wonder if that's where the idea came from.
We write the object labels. I don't care about the title so much. We are co object labelers.
who would ever tell you to wear that????
Happy Birthday !! Have a great day today!
TIRED UPSET CONFUSED AND HURT ENOUGH SAID
Rare is the day that can't be improved with a random "Incontinentia Buttocks" reference.
Let's Go Jets!!
working on our new myspace, you get to see it soon!
What I learned is that the law doesn't define what gives you residency. Often it's mail/bills going to an address.
it wouldn't be fair- I'm way too MN Twins biased!
Cant stop laughin...not too mention Im on my dutch flow...gtfoh NOW SECURITY lmao
I'm thinking that if I filter every 't' out of my TL, it'll make just as much sense
oh well thanks for your permission dad. Haha
CAMBRIDGE, Wis. (AP) -- The mother of NASCAR driver Matt Kenseth has died.
The only good about today is that I get to have my paycheck later.
go get your keys to the city!
I think its better that you didnt. You woulda been hypin lol
Intruiging! Will wait for more, then.
should prolly start memorizing her monologue she has to perform for her final in front of the whole class tonight...
yea yea yea punk
Just fell asleep and typed 4 lines of z in textmate. Symbolic? I think so.
I seriously think needs 2 do a seminar w/ the #Eastbay reps & teach them how 2 treat people & introduce the no complaining rule
Oh man. So excited to get out of these dress pants.
Falling asleep in a sweatshirt is the most comfortable thing in the world.
Want to change my @ name to just slutdrop but some whore who barely uses twitter has it as her name. Get out bitch.
got u
legislation does not equal reality. The US considers corporations people too.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
Kansas is ok but I like Kentucky more
yeah totally! too bad they broke up
Thank you! And thanks for your help :)
Watching Troi get romanced by a quarter Betazoid on Star Trek and this dialogue is TERRIBLE. Sigh.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too
RT : Next time someone says Y.O.L.O. I'm gonna pull out my gun and say "sadly..."
M. Wow, I know I am neglecting Twitter when I barely recognize any names in my feed. Puzzling...
Embrace the moments that make you smile the most.
good luck to best cutman in biz jimmy glenn working shane mosley's corner tonight in vegas
Thanks for the reminder (I'm a spouse) I write about supporting mil families! :-)
Gotta buy lots of enzyme deodorizer...
Is there a weight limit to driveways/ streets?? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0087>
that's ok, I pray every day someone takes out the Obamas.
Great post! I have neglected morning pgs. last few weeks--tomorrow I will restart! Thanks :)
GoOdNiGhT lOvEs <U+2665> .
I was grumbling about being stuck behind the commencement procession until I got close enough to see their faces. Can't help but smile!
Show no mercy
We love kidrauhl our hero <3
great great reviews on Country meets Dixie album with DUKES of dixieland. performing nightly out on deck Natchez NOLA 6-9PM just a swingin'
Just made it up one day and we liked it/thought it fit our sound! :)
So in love with you cause we like to party
I'm thinking about it
Have the finalists been announced yet?
nevermind then ha
I Aint Tryna Be Basic , Growing With Your Friends , And Being The One Who Made It
a little late here, but yes, that is me!
Actually for the 13th win I was in bed with an AM radio listning to the game since it was after my bedtime.
your diagnoses! RT Podophilia is an attraction to or fetish for for feet.
Anyone going to Ultra today ?
Pretty good day today. Now its friends time.pi
I will be part of ‘s BUS STOP ‘Tweet Seat Nite’ on Wed! Follow #tweetmct for details
***Sniff Sniff**** I miss yall already!!!
EJ getting some extended time with Good for him RT : Nice work bullpen
no proof
The newsletter has gone out just in time for Turkey day. If you don't get it... boy did you miss out this month!
I'm really sick of articles with "related" links at the bottom that change each time you load the page. Y U HATE BACK BUTTON, BRO?
my parents called me a liar, i looked at them and said: "Santa Claus, tooth fairy, Easter Bunny" and walked away
i cant here them right now oh ye remember the plan for tomorrow for the harmonica
Head is still hurting.
you win. And by win I mean lose.
The influence of LTI & CYH is obvious, but when I heard The In Sound from Way Out! I realized what great, true musicians they were.
thanks. c:
Is it me or is playoff hockey more gangsta than regular season hockey? Go #Caps!
Watching the KU/Ohio St. game with
lets get it time
Back campaigning, will be w/ Henrico Dems 2nite. TY for kind messages. My wife now in Brazilia to be w/ her mother for final illness.
I will build pyramids where ever I go, I will touch hearts and I will start fires. I will eat this life alive.
Just skipped to the front of the line for harry potter and has the most awesome seats
It's taken me nearly 35-years to come to this conclusion, but I'm fairly certain that peanut butter is the greatest thing ever.
We got a game folks
Having a bigtime in Ashland and Greenup today. I cannot wait to watch these counties roll-in come November!
Listening to Rafi's Nature Boy from My Island while I make strawberry sauce & bake pound cake for a summer's over trifle.. a beautiful day
Guys who give amazing hugs >
Miami Tomorrow? Yea I'll be there
that sentence sort of makes sense, actually. And that statement is very true ;D
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. - Woody Allen
make sure you use SPF 30 at least. we love you on fashion police!
and to even equate mud wrestling to MMA offensive....
we don't give a fuck cause
Got my ticket!
Apr 24,1932: Churchill was unsure of title 'Great Contemporaries'. "Perhaps Famous Contemporaries - Great is such a commonplace expression"
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken, Bacon, Tomato, Spinach, Parmesan peppercorn Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable
How Fitness Boot Camp Help You To Stay Fit
I'LL BE YOUR BEST FRIEND ~megan
hm are you staying downtown near the river walk or the airport?
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Doesnt matter what age, cattiness can still be very much alive in anyone. Lucky me i don't have a large social circle
So do I! And I love The Oatmeal, but always forget to read it.
#GRAMMYs Executive Producer Ken Ehrlich says Jennifer Hudson will perform a Whitney Houston tribute at show Sunday night
That's crazy when mfrs get around they friends they be a totally different person.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
Thought i was da only one but dats my fav slow jam of all time for sum reason ": #whathappento J Holiday? Falsetto was the biz! I
Prom wasn't as special as I thought it would be..
To be honest, every time you say "serial entrepreneur", I hear "Cereal Entrepreneur".
Happy Monday!!! Beat the HEAT with an ICE COLD glass of Stinky Gringo Margaritas!!!!
Work is almost over come on 12am...on vacation all next week can't wait for the lsu vs bama game
Happy Birthday Madison #Happy14BirthdayMadisonWilliamAlamia ;D <33 love you.!
Thank you so much for the #FF love!
Defiantly! Love you bestfriend!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
which modem is having the issue, the SMC or Arris or both?
4 days to xmas! Can't wait :)
A persons destiny is not wrapped up in another persons thoughts or actions
Thank you, Julia!
I'm just saying, if serenaded me with Introducing Me, I'd run away with him.
“: no , io preferisco ”RonPaul is interesting. I like libertarian i am also proud of Prez Obama. Ciao!
that's quite stiff competition.
Waking up on your own > alarm clocks
Life is like an hour glass glued to the table.
...and the importance of adding a constitutional amendment that keeps marriage between a man and a woman.
young based god and my girls Miley Cyrus party in the USA oh my god
Hatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs. -Proverbs 10:12
I need to get to the Met Ball somehow before I die. Oh, it's going to happen! I want too!
Congratulations to Goodwill Industries - Big Bend, Inc. on winning Non-Profit/Association of the Year Award from the TalChamber of Commerce!
I hear ya. I think and may be easiest in terms of importing your old blog from old platform?
Latest word on mi ol' book: "THE BEST meta anti Novel I've ever had the pleasure to fall through like butterscoth pudding..."
Walking thourgh my hotel, Beyonce starts playing....this guy starts dancing like he's in the video! Smh.
Thank u Lord for letting us see another day
BEG won best feature and for best actor, Tony Moran at The Rhode Island International Film Festival!! Congrats everyone!!!
Ask how many fucjs I give.
A spot where at bruh? I'm debating whether I wanna be in the dorms or not.
I hate the term 'serious' 2 describe relationships, I prefer 'spontanious', 'unpredictable' or 'chaotic fun house of terror'
What a sad and joyful night. Man I'm gonna miss you
Peyton Manning ... it's the dumbest thing.
yeah I caught the game today fell asleep last night. Philly got some talent!
I was successfully cleaning my room...... and then i got distracted by Tumblr.
I saw your mom on a dubstep commercial last night.
1200 for a lawyer. Fuck my life.
Red Robin... YUM and so was the company.
You all look so beautiful! Kelly, I didn't recognize joust first. Gorgeous!
I hate when my dad talk 2 me like I'm he's friend. WTF
How is Tim Tebow going to be worked into today's show? I know you guys will do it somehow. You won't let me down!
Dani California - Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Thanks for the generous RTs, Si!
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
good grade on my research paper feels good :)
which one of us is Harry and which one of is Lloyd?
Your a little person and a vitriolic troll. You wouldn't dare actually intelligently speak ur mind w/o hiding behind tweets...
Too much goob. My goobmeter is broken.
No fruit ever appears on the tree of discontentment!
thanks for the follow sarah!
Poll of the day: Why might #healthcare providers be reluctant to confer #patients' rights?
Yes, I do, actually. RT : "you know how to deep throat a pizza!!!" random girl to random guy at Fongs
I'm really not sure why anyone would want to walk or bike across the Mississippi River. I'm not sure I could deal with the smell that long.
Just left my dude house .. Fuck Bill O'Reilly an fuck that dude Malcom. R.I.P Nippi haa
hey... getting ready for a pbl101 in Michigan with Dayna... even more ready for NOLA... hope all is well!
Never trust a girl who calls you by her ex's first name!
Just heard Mel Kiper call Redskins' Mike Shanahan a quarterback guru. Really? Besides John Elway, what QBs has he developed? Oh wait.
They all look lazy, minus KB24 RT : yep. Gasol especially needs to step it up. He's looking so lazy out there.
#Loex2012 Prof. Brian Stone presents an excellent video demo on vacation to Mars with excellent motion graphics! Wow!
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care. All I know is that I'm weeping.
Sorry Anna, but it's painfully true.Series has always meant more to South Side than North Side.
Woke up 40 minutes late to my first class. FUCK!
This sucks. I got locked out of the bedroom cause I was farting.
There's no reason to watch it, really. Just read my Cliff's notes. :)
Smile and good things will follow. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
well that’s awesome, I will definitely try to make it to a game one of these days.
just woke up.
Hipsters will never wear these glasses again... SO last week. RT Alert your favorite hipster: wapo.st/qQTyI7
My immune system <<<
Psycho is following me.
whoa whoa whoa, take it easy with the avatar
and you ttweet justin bieber saying I'm lying thanks aa bunch!
Guy from #jerryspringer is a joke lmfao!!
Fill me up with one more of "Romeo and Juliet" and I will gag.
I want to see this... 'Magic Trip' - A Film by Alex Gibney and Alison Ellwood - Now on Demand and In Theatres
I Believe I can Fly... Untill I jump and realize that I can't...
Knicks are just dysfunctional
Keith Wetmore of MoFo must be the best dressed law firm chairman in the biz.
They're in the trusted hands of UPS and FedEx now for delivery tomorrow!
#raw10 I saw a disc jockey, he had the crowd partying n amazed, pure Magic, bcause he only had one arm. They said his name was DJ Leftside!
Who should host the Bluebell Junior League’s annual turtle race? Why, the Mayor, of course! #HartofDixie Tonight at 8PM!
except Keri is a brilliant writer. Cassie excels in posting pictures of her cooch online.
Just read that #Geraldo says that #trayvon's hoodie may have had something to do with his death. I hope this is a mistake.
I hope Santa brings me a nice boy this year.
Bokura ga Ita, unfortunately. I started it and now I have to see it through the end! RT : What're you watching this weekend?
be my lady, my baby c;
I love that poem!
He voted against it. His light is in the lower right hand corner
Just left Showman's & soulful sounds of John Tendy, Kyle Koehler & Jason Brown. Tendy kind enuff to share the stage w/me for couple of tunes
i want to hear "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
This Monday, January 23, we will be closed until 6 pm, to celebrate Chinese New Years! Open Mic at 9 pm, as usual.
FOOD!! Crazy but this is the most I've eaten today
"WHAT'S UP WITH THAT FUCKIN DELIVERY BOY?!"
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems. I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Will be back in Bordeaux in May. I truly love this place for the wine of course, but everything else too. Fantastic!
#IfIHadThePower I would abolish all cars and organize a giant game of paintball on the abandoned highway system.
spread to the world
No Excuses No Apologies
baby bash remixes go girl. hahaha. #xmradio....you crazy.
they should've stayed home!
upload your music to www.sa-urban.com
Will do, or rather, will not (be a stranger)!
my sister has too many clothes and still takes mine and loses them :( <<<<<<
absolutely not!! #stillloveyouthough ;)
Favorite credit line ever? At the bottom of a label for a Gorky painting in show -- "Property of a gentleman".
THEM? You mean THOSE? Ebonics won't get you nowhere, baby!
we would absolutely love to see you doll! (:
all the best.
Amar'e is going to try to turn that sling into a fashion statement
#NFLPlayoffs Tejas going to take this game
well no, I'm probably going to have more cuz this means I gotta go out to grab somethin :( I found a subway nearby, hehe
Get out of the kitchen. U know you are gonna have haters here. #kirstiealleys comment abt your hair is too freaking funny!
ah stop and do u have ur cell? Cuz I can't tumblr message u it
Good morning, my apologies but the Bone Marrow Benefit I was asked to perform at tomorrow has just been cancelled. Enjoy your weekend. XOXO
Exactly 7 days later...my presentation was off the charts :) #winning (Thankful for the people who helped me)
Happy Sunday, to you, too! :)
RT : YOGA NOW...outside come on... take a minute and just move and breathe... :)
OH CRAP ITS SUNDAY
Even tho you may not have faith in faith, faith has faith in you.
"Girl" is not necessarily offensive, but it's often used to diminish women. Exposure to diversity issues can rob one of humor.
Meditation Tip cont: Slowly breathe in for about 8 secs, then hold for 2 more & exhale. Focus on breath, nose, & stomach as the air travels.
Thanks for the great link. I shared it with all my friends.
My baby popped all the buttons off my labtop keyboard :(
Only your mom and dad know the words to your "dope" single you been pushing on a blank cd
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
thanks for the
18 yrs experience and thousands of biomechanics assessments along the way.
I am a Trulia Pro member now! 2.5 million people use the mobile app, now you can also to search my listings!25% of Trulia's weekend traffic!
we have a free CD for you! Email our manager and she will send you one!
Time for bragging rights! What's the best film/TV series that you've worked on in Pittsburgh?
Mashed potatoes can be your friends
": Dear Bella, Does the fact that all of the Cullens know when you're on your period bother you? Sincerely, that's just creepy"
thanks 4 the follow!
thank you for checking her out!! She is awesome!
"We were together. I forget the rest." --Walt Whitman
I'll be stopping through to see you guys.
ya'll get it together:(
lol "I don't like bombs"
Train well. Eat well. Ride fast! Your cycling should be a joy, in whatever way you define it. Whether it's winning the sprint at a race...
LMAO Not hot flashes Jaz... but dont try to blame me... its yo house so it was yo choice either way.! Mmph
I end with 5 min walk then 12% incline for 5 min then repeat. Keeps my heart rate up pretty well
I think they held off on the email announcement. That's all. I was confused momentarily. Hope you are doing well. :-)
Again I'm not putting Romo in best QB of all time category, obviously-but he belongs in top tier of current QBs
EH wrong answer, boyo! NYU to Astoria to the Lincoln Tunnel? TRY AGAIN.
5-5-82 Junkyard Dog and Mr. Olympia beat Samoans for Mid South tag titles
Don't walk in front of me for I may not follow. Don't walk behind me for I may not lead. Don't walk beside me either. Just leave me alone.
That would've been myself and ... surprisingly... roomy!
Word, thanks! Glad you're digging it
Watching this piece and I just don't get it. I love art, but this is absurd and the cost is insulting and embarrassing.
Let's go Tigers!
Enjoying local media reporting with a straight face that the Willie Nelson statue will be dedicated at 4:20 this afternoon.
": Hope you all can get out to see the moon" overcast in Chicago. Hope it clears up!
ah, y se me olvido el chucho de los simpsons y el robot de android...LOL..puta, que bayuncos...
Happy Valentine's Day, everybody! Are you doing anything special today?
i am working on yours
"You Lie" outburst during Obama speech already on Wikipedia's descriptor of S. Carolina Congressman Joe Wilson.
The handles are long so it must be something that goes in an oven/fireplace. I'm going to say fancy toast.
I swear we're not a twitter robot... We just are slow at getting shit started!
When I get to.school, im finsstaah do spanish.
yeah yu right(;
check ya tweets 4 days ago at 2:19 a.m youll see :"(
Guys follow my friend <3
Masters.com blows me away every year.
I have killed at least 20 gnats in my office this morning due to my broken window!
Social media is officially now my life & livelihood. Not that that's a bad thing ;)
I don't affiliate with people in tha' past. Like Drake said... "Holla' if you got me, & fxck you if you had* me." <U+2665>
I'm on my campus windows machine now--the first time I set it up I was on my netbook, and everything looks slightly different...
Putting makeup on when you can't wear contacts and are blind as a bat is a really interesting situation. This should be a fun week.
Sicker than a dog. But I have never actually seen a sick dog so not entirely sure.
Old news, but still: Titus Andronicus is a good fucking band.
I think Pamela anderson happens to be the most beautiful white woman in the world, as she ages she looks more amazing
Y.O.L.O isn't an excuse to do whatever the hell you want..
Laying low today. The wedding last night was super fun! And now I need to recover a little bit. :)
AY TAN SAD RT Friends will betray u, best friends will disappoint u, & boyfriends will hurt u. learn to accept loneliness
Going to bed not talking to you sucks.
All of it :D RT : RT this if you watched the Season Finale of FRINGE last night and tweet us your favorite moments!
Hey Kate can you follow me thanks Bobby Howard. xoxo :-)
New Orleans #ALA booth 2416, stop by & tell us your students' & patrons' successes using LearningExpress Library or Job & Career Accelerator
Dick Ruhe is our guest today, talking about a very timely topice! "Leadership during Tough Times." Join us!
is attempting this once again - new phone to new FB page. Will it work?!?
Just 'member that gravity's a limitation in expanding the library's teen space to the moon, since you're thinking it's so sexy.
would you mind going out with a guy like i have pretty cute dimples if thats a plus
First morning after turning last project in. I'm free! I'm free! I'm... bored? Uh oh.
So. Many. Split. Ends.
There is no remedy for love but to love more. Henry David Thoreau
Are the Lakers serious?
Love your pic! The Mac & Mahon is one of the best comfort foods.
Y&R
In the future..these business trip flights need to be scheduled later in the day. I can't handle waking up at 330am anymore.
had a great time at the Nats game on Friday and the Newseum yesterday. Off to Eastern Market this afternoon and a CRUISE tonight!
I didnt know buttons were cute
Oh sorry got carried away lookin at some stars photos :D and weird lol
His smile >>>
sounds like a dirty joke!!
I swear i aint lyinq when i say i hate FAKE M'F*S.!
I know!!!! Hard to believe but it actually happens. And I am more than happy to point it out to them when they do.
thanks!! Rich with wine is a good thing!
#rip Bob Marley
Do you believe in the power of dreams?
AFScme collecting petitions to protect WRS. Says "they" want to change it. We don't.
Tuesday.Just.Started. Monday. Almost. Over.
avoid the TouchPro2, have it for work and hate it. very clunky and slow IMO. Not so sure about the others
Who wants to DJ for us on Friday? Tweet your favorite station w/ hashtag #IncrediBullRadio. We'll listen along.
Hope everyone had a wonderful & safe Friday 13th!! I went to Disneyland to see the fireworks which I love, great day!!!!!
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 3
miss you too! Tweeting from a rest stop somewhere near Lansing, MI.
Having Zense for lunch makes me think of :) miss you girl!
Just found out ill be reppin Vera Wang in my best friends wedding this summer. Swag two button
I love yer voice ! Yu should sing more .
Pink polo with camo shorts and some vans tomorrow?
It's harder to get his attention now..
Oh, I'm serious! We can do our house. A Saturday? Sunday? Before or after the holidays?
Hosting a chat at RAW INK ONLINE tonight helping students as they put together their papers for tomorrow. We have about six students now.
and I you, brother.
somebody get you all starbucks and shot of whatever & write a hit song! :) jetlag no exuse!
It doesn't really matter in the end I guess, but curious if it's possible. Thinking not.
Haha your whack. Make believe ass ni**a. Only black ass promoter who wouldn't throw Kmel parties. In Oakland w/ kmel now
I am still doing spring cleaning. I am not answering phones or emails till I am done. Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Daamn i wanna fix her weave...
I am a world before I am a manI was a creature before I could standI will remember before i forget that(8)! Uh (': <3
FRIDAY FISH FRY new beer batter using New Glarus 2 Woman Lager it is grand. Happy hour & Late night happy hour celebrate Friday
gonna be at Turf Club in St Paul MN this friday!!!
Can you believe this amazing weather?! It's a great day to come spend some time on the Rubicon patio and share a pitcher with some friends!
Not sure why, but I enjoy movies. I honestly think he's a solid actor. "The Guardian" is his best work, but it's all pretty good.
In rehearsal with Joe chambers!!!
Tues is the final day of mixing. Yay! Going 2 try & book some shows now that it's done. What about you?
Seriously? That's just un-called for. I've always been nothing but nice to you, and you have to be a cunt. Mind your own business.
RT This year, The US will send out 1.2 trillion text messages, predicts market-intelligence firm IDC - wow!
So excited to add to my Passion Party team today!!!!
hey told me about Friday. My wife and I are praying for u.
Did you get my text?
This conference has gummi bears!
Chillin at the 7 mile restaurant eating fried zucchini, yummy
I mean, I don't think you can be wrong, it's a matter of opinion. No one can *make* you like a book.
How fun. RT : Am taking new photos for #Seedwords project, week 2. Considering words found at a playground.
Thanks !!! Appreciate the help
Go wit Philly! No need to watch Kobe put up 40 again lol": Who shall I watch next L.A. vs Denver? Or Philly vs Chicago?"
Not sure why Newt thought he could win Delaware.
Why don't you say that we're more than friends.?
"A job seeker is looking for a well-defined job. But the trend seems to be that if a job can be defined, it can be automated or outsourced."
excited for new Doctor Who on BBC America tonight. Only caught a bit of the marathon, managing to see "The Doctor's Wife" ....3 times.
are niggas that don't ever answer they fones ! Lol
Her file says mom reported she would grunt, not babble. Also has an uncorrected umbilical hernia? Not sure if this contributed.
Feature requests: Orientation lock, image quality preference, "always geotag" setting, user-specific SMS notification settings
Thanks for the +K Doug!
Bed time, goodnight! :D
You're awesome!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
what does that mean?
Frank ocean >
Im On An Mission!!
Michael Moffitt, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Chris Rock looks younger than ever, and is the funniest part of the show.
You're the man David, let's all do another dinner soon. Let's be honest though, did we even eat?
Zemblanity is the word of the day. But fret not, tomorrow will be better :)
John Stewart is completely debunking Norquist's tax pledge.
Pray for all the bible translators that they would have the funds needed and the doors opened to share Gods truth around the world.
Ooh, just think of what you can do as SS dept chair. Congratulations!
is your phone on or what !?
same! :D
One crow weaves among The drizzle-wetted pine trunks In gray morning light.
I want the maribelle anes t shirt so bad but I need to make a video!!!
My bad bro bro Zumies is out Robinson
Sick of watching depressing movies...I need some dose of old school cartoons.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
Haha, nice background on that old tweet. Hadn't realized Graber sent it out.
I could never get tired of lisening to eminem<3
It seems like everyone I know is in a relationship right now and I'm just awkwardly sitting here like...I love my dog...
If you need a month don't say you need a week. Cuz on the 7th day I'mma rest and on the 8th I'm putting you the hell out. ~Madea
Normal?? WHAT IS THIS SORCERY!!!!! Lol
Listening to Honduran songwriter Guillermo Anderson. Bout to get up and dance!
It's 80's day at work and I'm getting a lot of weird looks on my way to work!!
#42 at the helm !
would you ever be a guest/singer at my quince? Im having one next year maybe and it would be amazing if you were there! <33
Heading out to speak at the rally in Montello this afternoon! SOLIDARITY.
Can we add /bartender to the slash list? If yes, that about sums up my Cathy CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE ACK life in Austin
thanks for the RT and thanks for reading!
I will never be able to spell Cosumnes without looking. And I can't say Tuolumne aloud. (At least I can spell it.)
Umm hello! just picked me up in a champagne Escalade. Thank you for the dapper ride!
I really must protest that as your downtown correspondent I still have to read your columns to find out what's happening
When you despise the God-given success of others you despise God Himself. Celebrate what God is doing! Your time is coming!
Im not afraid to take a stand Everybody come take my hand Well walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm....
I know rose mad he got hurt.
HAHAHA....I clicked on your Twitter account and laughed when I saw that ;)
true, but these are supposed to be professionals and not let that stuff happen.
IMHO, #Titanic auction is like having a WTC auction in 100 years. Sick, Weird & Macabre!
kicks off #livefromtheledge in 45 minutes and the room is filling up fast. is going on at 8 tonight.
Reserved your one-year Portland Art Museum pass in Fall term? Come pick it up in the box office until February 11th.
I think my mom and I are coming by tonite. She was supposed to call ur mom. :)
Cell phone/radio tower on Pajarito burned, leaving me without cell service -- y KSFR Santa Fe public radio without a radio tower!
@ thank you for the RT!
"Go-Gurt: Slurp it 'til it's flat!" Is that a slogan or a punchline?
RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our "Hunger Games".
Yes, xfinity modem and I called Comcast to order all this stuff, so it's definitely y'all.
"Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You." Happy Birthday Dr. Suess.
i cry every time i watch 'the blind side'...every time!!!
Same here :/
congrats on the new site! Looks great : )
Rigghtttt . well , did you tell him you was mad at him ? damn , salty i remember peices of that convo ! >=O lol
I'm so sleepy...
Get out of the cold! The house is open until 5pm. Come see it, our new permanent exhibit, and "The Big Shake"...for FREE.
all day!!
We #outsourced the message board to
Prepping for speaking w/ 's Museum Sci class on Tues. First time as a guest speaker for a classroom via Skype! Got pointers?
Looks like OKC was very rusty tonight. Maybe they can knock some of that rust off and get it together in Game 2.
I'm so mad my stupid dad won't just go to work already and even more annoyed that he keeps coughing
OKC wanted to win they played KD & RW to the end. its going to b a competitive series #Lakers #Nuggets Nugs win it
GO SEE: #MCCains tweet to #AndersonCooper about #Syria. Ull see: #Gov + #Media working together to spread terror and propaganda.<3 #Assad <3
Ok my wedding is in 3 months... It's time to start eating healthy and get a beach body somehow
i was actually watching your freestyle in history today:p haha i sit in the back of the class so its all good
Perfect! Now hit the gym for a nice sweaty Sesh and your all set!
THAT WAS SO GROSS
so ik u have a gazillion fans tht all want u to notice them... But #NeverSayNever rite? So please notice me and follow me!
At least no one can steal them for scrap metal.
Hi john, checked out UNITY lately and some of the wishes we have granted.
That's what I thought! They hosted a safety seminar in Feb. Need to work on the group. 6 or 7 balloons flew Sat. morning in ATX.
Thank you for the RT
trying to combat #senioritis... definitely an uphill battle
#uknowufromchicago when you look at what someone is wearing b/c u admire it, but the person who is wearing it wants to fight you for looking
JM: how are we thinking about global work? bias toward global work versus local.
lol get some rest and feel better
If u haven't tried Ab ripper x, I suggest it
New logo! What do you think?
I snap silently. One day, i'll snap completely
You're welcome. Looking forward to #eldercarechat today.
Just checked my bank account balance. You can say I don't have to eat cup of noodles anymore. (:
Wish I had someone who appreciates me
RT : From what Ive heard its definitely beneficial but best to wait until you have several yrs of work exp
"Strive to keep the company of good people, so that their tincture becomes a part of you." ÆSOP
Am thinking of it! Are you around next Friday?
I know a girl who said "I'm #Mahomie". And then two minutes later, she writes in her hand 'Austine Mahone'. I don't really understand her.
that&#39;s never been a good way to do it cause when people have no idea what they&#39;re saying and act like it&#39;s profound…
Worst NBA game in a while. This guy KG, man. LMAO.
Tweet questions to the panel with the hashtag
awwh im sorry! yeah it makes me not wanna do it again.. how many times have you done it?
I really hope that did not send...
chemicals that induce happiness..
really? please tell me you're joking. ;)
IM ADDICTED TO YOU (;
Learn about normal language develoopment at http//:BCSpeech.ca
not bad...not bad.
It's all good! Thanks for thinking of us!
Wait today's not valentines day some one has been lying to me
Sometimes when I push you away, its because I want you to pull me closer.
Also stoked to have #investigationdiscovery ...
I wonder how long it would take to clear 20% of my gmail email account... Daunting!
Nope. When I tried thatI got a returned undeliverable email. Unless it sent the SMS despite sending that to me.
Bostwick Blueberry Festival May 19. Anyone wanna come back wit me?
Bumping what ya know bout that ru shit
good pic up!
why can't they just make more SATC. You, me, Melissa and ScarJo. Haha.
haha and who was I kidding thinking I was going to go to bed early?!
Happiness is God's Will...
that's a good one
mother of god...
michael you really need to go to bed and wake up again! cause you're not fun :p
Will you ever follow me? <3 x10
It makes me sad too.
Tune in around lunch time today to play "Guess the Ingredient" to earn bonus Karma Card points.
this reality show is best seen via twitter! :)
. Love ya but you are stressing me out this morning! Are you are trying to do the banter of you AND in one breath?
no orange julius anymore.
Hoopfest is about 2 months away!!!! Hell yea
is proud to power the SMS technology behind SmokeFreeTXT.
Going to be a busy week at work, but I'm more just excited to turn my desk to try and get some sunshine #Tanning while I
My friends at have come up with a great promo during #NCAA to relocate the banners & have them visit diff. places.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU GUYS TWEETED US ANYTHING I'M REALLY WORRIED SO PLS TWEET SOON *MUAH*
cannot wait for brewer season, got lots of new brewer gear
austin is pure perfection ;
JUST BOOKED... Celtic Woman • Songs from the Heart • March 9 &10 at 7:30pm • Tickets on sale Friday, December 10th!
Think Like a Man was very funny. Hope everyone goes to see it. Both men n women, both black n white. It relates with everyone.
what does that mean? RT : Just got into a taxi in Chicago and it's a "London" cab
Osama Bin Laden Documents Show Tension With Iran
I'm playing with my band Exohxo at the w/ Bells (SF) and Cold Water Theater tonight. 5260 University Way NE. Door at 9pm!
you're probably right haha
Anchoring the 6pm and 8pm shows tonight!
Hope everyone had an amazing time at LV City of Lights Jazz Festival this weekend! Be prepared for more this summer!
Thanks! We will announce the winners soon! Good luck :)
A perfect pairing! “: Great to paired with at last night's Taste of Haas event.”
Yeah (: or if i run into cody this summer at the concert i should be like you should do a song
you're the only one on the weather channel app that is positive about today's rain. The others are whining & complaining.
Aww babe so good to me
... come to Baltimore & challenge ... dude says he'll smack u around like a lil girl ... #justsayin'
what kind of guests are you looking for?
Getting ready to head to campus for the international children's & young adult literature celebration!
Me and are umpires bitch!!!!!
Live site. The equipment in lab is not working right. We don't have the right equipment in this vendor's observation room.
while the contested shots are not by design, usually.
Which is better than the spouse/housemate's threat of a bucket of water if you don't do so.
Don't display your lack of class by tweetfighting. Text a hoe.
I try to tell myself that quite often... Hahahah
Nail almost ripped off.
Im preettty sure i have watched 's videos like a million times now :)
lost my fuckin I'd!
All love
"Love isn't a maybe thing, you know when you love someone".
Thanks for the cooling, refreshing advice! Wish i could pour it on my mower and have it magically do the work for me!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Reply how many people coming.
It's good to hear a about the reality of social marketing, I agree it's not for everybody!
I love my girlfriend
We're looking for some additional sponsors to make the next IgniteATL a HUGE success! is already on board. Are you?
Watching a Bugs Life !!!
something funny Megan?
I love Cannonball Adderley..
Cheering on my ! Beat Akron! Love the black uni's :)
The amount of people who don't have a championship game plan is shocking
gahhh I didn't! I'm sure it had like 1 or 2, so that's good enough for me...haha
i wish i could finish that conversation with 'cause i really wanna know more about giraffes and 90% of them having male on male sex
My new book, "Power Principles for Success" is being launched next week! Get your copy on Amazon.com.
hey call me on that one number
Go through and follow my girl, Bobbe. She changes lives-take it from one who knows.
yea. I love all her stories LOL.
Do you want to get updates about all of our programs? Follow for
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. Awesome.
Bang Bang Boogey?? What the hell. I am getting to old for the younger generation.
I wish for art without a cause. Oh, to occupy or not to #occupy? That is the question.
confession: setting price alerts & browsing airfare w/ random dates/destinations is a guilty pleasure of mine. Actually, a hobby.
Is there a way to tell if your butt is growing?
RH says yes. :)
looks toward an afternoon of happy peers engaged in creative play.
Maybe if we allow a Afghan to give Pat Robertson a pink belly on TV this tension in Afghanistan will cool down.
45 minutes of listening to your boyfriend say "welcome to burger king what can I make for you" really makes me rethink my lifestyle.
Health care with all the comforts of home AFTER Im Ja Choi's mother spent months in and out of a hospital with stomach cancer in 2002 at
Yes, let's do that!
Beautiful day, Red Sox/Yankees, and a night off. Great way to start the weekend. is sure to make it even better!
I really don't know how anyone could hate you , your such an amazing person your a role model to many girls <3
Food for thought as I read #oomf tweets there's is no room in this world for sensitive emotional men.
RT : July continues to be a great month for racing! We still have discounted deals exclusively on our facebook page so you...
The Rhema is about the Logos in the history of revelation…
Call me Jerry, I'm too hot for WebTV...
its actually so high though :$ :(
feel better :( call me tonight :)
What's not getting near enough press is the Wall Street protesting. Fight corporate oppression!
45 is good .... but it is NOT 47
We've now got 3XL hoodies available upon request for the cold snap! For more information send email to
omg i soo remember ! like are youu watching !? omg they look soo cutee :D ahah
Yup, no image credit. Ironic given shout out to managing open data, copyright, etc.
Blister in the Sun isn't just a Weezer song.
The first line of dialogue is the most important in a script. Make it count.
on my site. Kenithomas.com. Thanks!
They are so good! RT : Heard of the Eastland? Andrew White of talking Chicago history forgotten
if he drank it i would have like woow i don't even know
Word on the street is that Peyton Manning has signed on with the Tennessee Titans!!! Not fully confirmed yet but HELL YES if it's true!
lol I will, I love that show anyways
#niallHORANappreciationday is trending!! That's ridiculously fantastic :) Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
I spy
Thanks for #FF - what's new in your world dude?
Thank you all for coming to our show last night! <3 Like we said before, PREPARATE BRODER, because there is a lot more coming very soon!!!
Meeting friends at Images Gallery in Ravenswood then hoping to get into the Violet Hour for drinks. Hoping is the operative word.
Thank you!
Most #Louisville homeowners cannot afford 100s to 1000s annual cost to save ash trees, 10% of our canopy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY COLUMBUS! WE LOVE YOU! WILL YOU BE OUR VALENTINE? :)
I have been, and I am certainly a fan.
Why elevator? Did you do some electrical work today? Too funny!
Just because you get half naked and have your friend take pictures of you doesn't mean you're a model, twats.
One thing I do with tougher readings is give them reading qs in advance so they don't get bogged down by the dense language
likewise! You guys rock! ;)
Think big thoughts, but relish small pleasures. --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Didn't know Mommyish was on Twitter! Following : )
no keys, nothing to lock
idk if I am, no one is.. haha.
yesterday I wiped my boogers on the handle of someone's wire crimpers. Someone who annoys me. He looks like Santa Clause..
I have No Idead :P are you talking about my little sister? This used to be my sisters account. We both have the same name xD
Someone tweeted they would unfollow b/c u were now Cons/GOP. Apparently they were reading your tweets in an alternate universe.
m that is one sweet way to check something out.
We'll b serving up those good dogs at the Kids Fair @ KMart on US31 in Greenwood this Saturday from 10am-2pm.Come see us there and say hello
People are like why did you start Republic Freedom..why doeas any guy do anything...there was this girl in DC
Yeah, that's how I've watched in the past. But it wasn't live. :( Hopefully it will be.
BREAKING NEWS: Vikings let clock run out on #3 pick...drop to #4 without anything in return
Make sure to tune into SFR today for some awesome music! Make a DJ's day, and request a song! The request line is (617) 573-8324.
Lady Gaga Follows Other Artists Behind The Camera
aye whats yo email for beats?
I'm up, damn it. What do you want?? :p
ball then OKC is in trouble
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. ~ Fulton J. Sheen
Thanks for the heads up. I went down there in the late morning to talk with folks. The story aired earlier this evening.
Summer Job-chauffeur for kids activities (Can I be called a chauffeur if I don't get paid?) & working at District Tech department.
Im 5'11 and imma use all of my might .
Way to go, #NBC. Being a leader and helping viewers see accurate portrayals of both sides is hard. You took the easy way...again.
RT : Just heard that Jameson, Kettle One, & Knob Creek will all be showing us love tonight gonna be too good.
There’s a huge difference between knowing how to do something & actually doing it. Knowledge & intelligence are both useless without action
Thunderstorm hitting right now stretches 30 miles back to the West into Indiana.
Bo Jackson is a class act.
Wondering if performance enhancing drugs not only make you stronger but if they make ou see the ball better. Manny Ramirez 5o games susp.
Volunteer Managers join the Volunteer Management Essentials Series May 3,17 and 31. Don't miss out on this great series....
I've never had a crush on a celebrity. So keep doing what you're doing Because its working. Don't ever stop being so... You.
I hear ' home is full of leather bound books. RT : My thoughts exactly!
One glaring UX issue when I logged into the website just now for first time: Took me 10 minutes to figure how to add an article.
Too Kind, our dry hopped cask version, is on at the Toad. We also had a nice write up in City. Check them both out
Too bad its's only once a year. :-) RT : Any day thats my birthday is a great day!
Yup! RT : In the orchestra of herbs, bay leaf is the viola. You only notice it when it's NOT there.
46 pitches in the first inning -
your Avi is BEAUTIFUL!!!!! He's awesome! Great work!
At the very least it turns up the heat.
Bunch of female dogs n garden tools- weezy
Dear Fate, Please stop f---ing with my life. Sincerely, me
There needs to be a TT called
Talk about an opening line RT I just need to figure out where to stick that serial cable on my MBP.
sometimes i just don't know why i'm dealing with this, maybe there's better but too scared to find out. just call me a wuss. it's true
No curtain jerking for you today! Good luck!
Yay! Thanks for the RT Katie!
north of Placa de Catalunya is good, near Passeig de Gracia. Someone I know recently stayed at Alma Hotel & loved it.
Drunk or not. You should know not to fuck with me.
me too! The awake part. In SFO. Dreading fluorescent lights. Feel better Ruby!
Gearing up to goto and Drinko de Maibock. It's free for everyone from 5-6pm.
“: Enjoy life, cut the ones out who don't want to enjoy it with you...”
Steve Bartman you are off the hook, you're up CJ Watson
have you had enough tweets today about the Louisville game
thank you. Yes of course we do! Working on a store in Macy's now.
Haven't talked to you in a while. How have you been?
Our Product line is coming soon, we will keep you in the loop.
I got my DvD out!!
but that's a moose. Need a deer head to be Texan.
Dan and I shot them at the Boston's in Irving. The agency did a great job on the editing.
hey, don't ever call chip McGhee an underachiever....the rest of the bunch is another story. I hate Jeff Tabata.
The Batman knows.
happy birthday love! <3 hope it's as amazing as you!
hahahaa well i mean did get wickered last night
the new track is hot!
I love hugh grant
Listening to weekend forum on gaining momentum on racial equality in the wake of #TrayvonMartin.I love
#FF these terrific young actors:
Happy that in my last college class ever, and I were treated to fancy lunch.
Outside.in team shipping new features to partners. 1 deployment today termed the "Triple-simultaneous double-reverse Shea shuffle." Success!
Woo hoo! Where? Doing what?
So my mom asked me who Deena was and I turned around and did the Jersey TurnPike and she goes oh !! your welcome ! (: lol
hungry...an ready to go...
Sermon on relational integrity by preacher at
US House not in session again for 5 weeks. phew! (hard work). Thank goodness for off-season direct deposit.
Check out
Where are you going tonight?
Being Interviewed
I'll just unfollow you. It's all good
checkout Jannus live site at www.jannuslive.com for Strykerz Rock Fight Series on June 18th.
yes but if wait its almost to warm. Wait did I say that? Um not this time of year. The weather is the best here in PHX right now
Tyler Perry, please do not go all Larry The Cable Guy on us, okay?
I blame my boring friends for the lack of adventure in my life.
Hey man
Imma sneak into ur house and get it
Always be happy because you never know who's falling in love with your smile. <3
LETS SELL!!
Boundaries make a difference because identity makes a difference -- if we are invested in a county then its changes matter
I'm so in the holiday spirit
Now where did I put my copy of 'Bitches Brew?'
More like holding head in hands and plowing the defense like a running back! Or, trying to...
Your small signs have been replaced with BIG ones, + flashing lights and sirens. (Thinking of you.)
#FrontlinePBS has awesome shows. Just watch. You will not be disappointed!
i started w/ Amy >>>Rory..but yeah rory is really stepping it up..and Amy is being just mean
Happy Friday friends!
Busy week gotta install tower speakers, get a boat shrink wrapped, find more boats to buy, and I guess just work hard!!
A writer believes that with Bally Technologies getting into the online gambling industry, e-gambling is the future
Last day of spring break.
Awesome time at 's #margaritas101 event w/! I now know how to make an authentic Carnivale margarita!
Would love to. Just let me know when
Check It Out! We just released our new single! Get it for free today only from 12pm to 12am!
cool jeanne.. you were hired by a studio or producer? the script for slavery by another name?
Episode 2 shooting begins tomorrow! Olivia McFaul Grant Turnbull.
"I'm really mad because the cats keep knocking over all my action figures" - my little sister. Nerd runs in the family.
Yes sir it is!
Thank you because I am grateful! Take care.
Im doing fine! :) I got myself a nice internship! :D just started a few days ago! Needless to say, I miss ur blog! :(
From the Romney camp, obviously.
then we'll hang out! :D
Windy Tip: Use a light hold hairspray and brush it through - this will lock all that hair in place, you can finish with a stronger spray.
Excited to discuss re-branding with ! See, this is what happens when you network!
Enjoying my evening... It's nice to be appreciated
HBO's On The Shoulder Of Giants is a must watch. Check it out if you haven't.
Last night: #lagwagon at the catalyst. So good!! Opening bands? Soso... Any how, was great to hang with Dan and Mandy too!!
dude i just LOLed at your twitter bio... hopscotch master FTW! you gotta add h-o-r-s-e master in there too
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it ~ Unknown
The fact that Wheaton has been practicing since indoor and DAT has yet to do a speed session makes a bit of a diff.
they are doing good
seriously foul before the 3 attempt here
in school bored as fu**
To my Mother: Mary Margaret Miller (1927-1999) and to my stepmother Gloria Grotjan-Miller...I am blessed for both...;)
if you want!
Blessings can come in a number of ways. The Lord doesn't give you what you want, the Lord gives you what you need.—Eric Davis
omg. So I'm Asian. I always knew I was blasian lol.
It's funny that there are more seagulls in the Wal Mart parking lot than at the beach. But I guess they know where the trash is...
Thanks for stopping by Quaker Steak & Lube! Have fun finishing up your shopping!
tbh i dont know if i want to see the first 10 minutes.If i see it I will just end up wanting more...
ur tweet was funny don't take it the wrong way
MT Why didn't Citizens United discuss rationale for 501(c)(3) ban on political speech, as it did Hatch Act & foreign $?
No but you can be Stephanie and I can be Donald...:)
Hahaha! RT : FOR FUCKS SAKE - RAW TRACKS ARE NOT "STEMS"
Showering with a candle lit is the best way to end a long day
I must say The crowd spoke!..Leek Killed it they said!..#Coast2Coast Big Ups to all artist tho!...L's Up!
Sustainablity is not just a trend it is a lifestyle!
needs a new trailer an you can help do that! Go donate these amazing guys Atleast a dollar!
The commons is so fucking cold
Good weekend at #KentuckyDerby. Great event. Watched the big race w/ at Louisville airport before heading home
#UCLA F Reeves Nelson suspended indefinitely for conduct detrimental to team
Busy day tomorrow..Meetings, reheearsal.
I most likely won't go if I get tatted I'll let you know soon bro. They Finna be heated
Awesome, congratulations! /cc
i shall check now
thanks! got another couple in the pipeline. 2012: the year of the printed word
adding him to the list!!
Beginning to wish New Balance made a line of sexy, yet super supportive heela
thanks to all the awesome tweeters catching on to the tweet trend for missing tommy hecht! keep it up!
You use both Microsoft and Apple products. That's interesting. Do you have a preference? Considered Android? Further thoughts?
Birdy is a bitch.
lol I could never hate you
you should follow your future wife !!!! (btw thats me) <3
Much needed sleep
“: dont judge me but #peacewhat?” oh oh, :( haha google it
the best confirmed trick is to not wear it. foolproof
Ok, Ep 49 coming soon and there really be dragons! RT : Ancient Art Podcast episode 48 coming soon. There be dragons!
btw anyone who knows anything about play off basketball knows your man took the right shot period end of story!
Scott Beale to speak to colleges and communities this fall about service in 21st century
And when the chance, you are a dancing queen; young and sweet, only seventeen!
The BTWBall Was Perfect Gaga. But now I need to hear The Queen live + see all of the outfits!
Small marketing budget? Then think outside of the box. Read widely to get ideas: Time, energy, imagination replace $ in your Business Plan
RT : Looking forward to the Central region meeting at
RT : Word! "Just because you can measure something it doesn't mean it's true" Louise Barkhuus on privacy.
damn you must of been on twitter forever lmao I'm just getting the hang of it
Happy Mothers Day everyone!
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in "Halloween 2"
DNA drama on Maury?! unbelievable!
Merry Christmas everyone.
oh ok well if u do that everyone will love you
Be Considered for a Wide Variety of Positions
What's even better than getting an amazing gallery? Saving $20 on one using promo code LAUNCH20 through March! Spread the word!
Filming my friend James' Kickstarter vid on my free GoPro camera rig while he records tracks for MTV at ProCraft Studios in Oceanside:)
Shucks- thanks. To be honest, I wouldn't have really thought of these if not for 's work.
omg!!! My virgin eyes!! Haha u dirty lol XD
Now I know that the Lord is greater than all gods: (Exodus 18:11 KJV)
you know those people that constantly one-up you? coworker just did that in response to me saying my grandma died. one-upped me on deaths.
Damn @ Work and just got a NY Times alert saying State lost..
RT "I was trying to hit him." Cole Hamels on Bryce Harper. There is no place in bb for this.I hope fine matches actions & big mouth
wut does that have to do with anything
you never invite either
haha thanks man! ya!
Agreed... almost everyone at the offices uses them as well.
happy full moon.....!
#TheHungerGames round two! Because I didn't get enough the first time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> #familybonding #
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” <U+2015> Mae West
cont. Caltrans: Bidsync and e-procurement: 1-stop shop for our opps. Give ur biz card to our staff @ our table and get on list. #sdp2p cont.
Same ol Spurs as last year. Great regular season performance, will crumble in playoffs. #playoffs?
Just wrapped a very exciting creative meeting with !!! Stay tuned...
Another bone head penalty by NY they are defying winning ugly right now
Loved it! I wonder what ur upcoming secret projects r gonna b. Luv loyalbri
May is National Bike Month! We at were thinking of grabbing a brew after work/class on Bike to Work Day (Fri, 5/18). Thoughts?
Men over 35 have a 1/77 chance of having a heart attack when they have sex.
Happy Monday morning everyone! Anyone up to anything unique this week?
lots of debt usually leads to bad marriages & divorce. Also, I have seen one bad partner drive another one into bad habits over
Happy 20th birthday to me! (:
<3 - It just might happen.
Tami is being bully right now. Then telling the girl to ask for it???? Pls.
i found Stephanie from Denny's on twitter!!
Do well by doing good
I'm reading over documents and I've already found 3 typos. Spell check doesn't catch everything. You have to READ in order to edit! Sheeesh
Hooray! Glad you're getting to wear them (though seriously, it's April--I'm ready for warmer temps!)
time to get back on the ball
It's Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for $5 Free Play, a chance to win $100 an hour and $4.99 specials at TIWA
Does NCIS' first couple TiVa have someone breaking into the couple's closeness?.
well, they don't exactly follow it (too many students, not enough experts) ... but i think it's definitely tweakable, too.
... you will have a full life...so, what are you waiting for?
Damn! Might as well call it a wrap! ,
#IWannaKnowWhy #obama won't be elected for 2012?
": Thank God for dishwashers ." Yes praise him for that lol
when Great Britain began privatizing, what happened 2 quality of healthcare? does GB privatize schools?
“: A Delta passenger jet has been quarantined at Chicago; CDC on the scene - // and the zombie apocalypse begins...
oh yes! Steak iz liked by everyonez :-)
: Get beat
Woke up feeling rotten, but it shall not stop me!! :)
My alma mater will prevail, Jeremy!!!! Baylor is so going to lose!
thanks for following. Jc.
Are the pacers really going to win a championship this year?
what are talking about man?. hell ya I could use that 1600.. new episodes of #thewalkingdead the video game is coming soon
Sigh. Love Costco, but gotta train demo staff better. Employee calls Yakisoba samples he gives away "yokisabee."
Post laser, Biogel a growth -factor topical will continue to smooth & refine skin texture, sun damage. Glad your seeing results!
omg - i just popped in to check out the draw and wish i hadn't. much tequilla is indicated....(required really.)
thanks for making it awkward hollister & abercrombie with your shirtless male models standing in front of the store.
Next sleepover movie playlist: 8 Mile,Triple Dog, The Messengers 1&2, Project X.
Mauritania certainly does exist, and slavery is practiced there. Bet they don't eat placenta there, though.
I'm planning to make my own- just for single-person scraps so I don't think I'll need anything too big.
Hello November! Can't wait for the launch of
no o.O
only you xD.....seriously hahah:p
Praying you through both the good and the bad - You can do this!
freaking commercial God i Hate mtv
Thanks to all that attended or presented at #aasl11 and tweeted faithfully! Those who couldn't make it are inspired and reinvigorated.
Buzzword count, day 3 #webwise keynote: we've heard "silo" twice and "low-hanging fruit" so far.
Breaking News- Clint Eastwood is the voice of Batman.
Thanks!! RT : thank you to our special guests: B2B marketers and and B2C marketer !
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. - Wayne Dyer
Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! It was fantastic! Winner announced Tuesday!
9005 ALA members have voted. Have you? Have some say in your Association: vote!!
I got resigned from the team but ima ball forever
Bring it in homie. Blue for you too!!
Do I start Julio Jones tonight? (over Brandon Lloyd) ..
Next up: Marc Tomik and Jill Grinager on getting involved & how to finance your AUSOC graduate degree.
Beliebers annoy me.OHMYGOD he's on tv. yep. shocker.the most famous person in the world on tv..
2nd period was very embarrassing! I can't help it if I'm shy, I just don't like public speaking D=
yes. It will be a COMM 3342.
some things just dont change.
Seriously. We wanted some more quiet time to ourselves to just sit haughtily in our thrones at the top of Tech Tower.
I'm sucha pig no dinner for me
and mtv2 isn't offered in HD for Verizon fios in buffalo. I just can't commit to standard definition programming
I still feel like death from our dinner at mortons last night
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
need new headshots asap:/
There's no such thing as "Too much #pulledpork"
congrats on the great news! And nice to see you tonight!
Hm weird. Kind of makes me wonder why they're having that if they can't adjust to the visitors!
Can I come too? We don't have to have much contact. Except while tending to the chickens or something.
Thank you for the follow, and all you do to inspire people every day.
Uuummmmm wtf am i gonna eat
it seems I have already been in 2 sessions with you and haven't found you yet. Are you going to the reception tonight?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay T-Pain is talented
Everytime we get up we have a gud time together
got a compliment today on our recent newsletter. "Did Layla Grayce create it for you." Nah. That'd be me. Lucked out. Tee-Hee.
Going to LA tomorrow! :-) Remember to watch Steph and I on Jimmy Kimmel July 22nd!
Those were great
He certainly picked an awesome movie to move on with
Best Betty Draper episode EVAH. I laughed for 63 minutes straight.
Fantastic dinner on the Upper Eastside at Fishtail. I suggest the David Bouley specialty Angry Lobster! Delicious if you like very spicy!!
So, go on, whose site?!
Cool! What's in your kit?
haha i hear u!!!! u mr. magic
saw Pearl Jam, Neil Young, and Blind Melon summer of 93 festival seating in a giant field in Portland. Best show I've ever seen
Thanks 4 tweeting my events and keeping people abreast n the social world of who I am and what I'm doing.
: What event is going on at Douglass HS today? Is there a job fair for Teachers?
Where is Angel tonight? Hope all is ok.
Thank you to all the wonderful teachers who attended today's Teacher Appreciation breakfast at the Balloon Museum!
Thank you! And thanks for helping put me on the Twitter map in Isthmus! :)
Cant wait to see this Saturday
MyInfo911 Launches State Of The Art Emergency Id Card And Products To Assist First Responders In Providing Timely And ...
new Checkered Socks post just to let you know! Peace
or public transit, we will never build more roads there.
BIG TEN QUARTERFINAL: HALFTIME: Ohio State 40, Purdue 36
yo let's hit Lex, I heard they out there gettin it poppin on them streets, lol
Taking to a national commercial callback then a meeting with
i sent the picture! can you tell me when you get it? thanks - Melanie
Who's tired???!
I'll add that each of the curators has made me want to visit your country. All of them - - which is the point of this, correct?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 9. I have a yellow lab name Callie(I call her Babycakes)And 2 cats, Princess and Bella, and a Betta fish names Poseidon
A BIG THANK YOU to all our troops who have sacrificed their time, efforts, and their lives to keep this nation free. We will never forget.
Soluti: where are the stories from post-Challenger shuttle era? Can we get back in contact w the sublime?
where do you go hiking love ?
Care to share the contents of the exchange? Any gems that might benefit all of us?
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
I know! Even Romney doesn't talk like that. Bill Kristol must have wrote that speech he gave.
let us know if you need gift certificates donated for your event
hbo like 215 am. super late.
u tweeted that three times and every time my phone vibrated and my teacher yelled at me
Happy #Saturday!
hahaha awe! did you fan girl?
just dropped off sandwiches for our #homeless community members!
- was reading strategy-business mag and saw your book #thethankyoueconomy as one of the best books of marketing in 2011-CONGRATS!
Hey where are the photos from the River Run Times-Union Charity 5K?
Maybe running outside last night wasn't the smartest idea - my sinuses are bugging out! Need some warmer air.
'We are the first civilization to be living amongst the ruins of our own construction.' Jared Diamond (Can't sleep-watching doc's.)
i posted my bls
In Austin for SXSW? We'd love to meet you! Send us a tweet or email and we'll set it up!
last week.
And girls back then though.. call me crazy, but they was on a whole different level of 'beautiful'. Or maybe I'm too afro-centric. *shrugs*
can i call you?
Went to the kitchen to brush my teeth while watching the news, spit toothpaste on the floor on accident :(
I'm not perfect, I'll tick you off and I'll say stupid things,but put all those things aside & you'll never find a girl who loves you more.
Good grammar is long went - The Asian Age
Raise it
Save the last dance for me - books
landed in frankfort. no sleep on the plane but still feel good. pay for that later i'm sure
Potential Band Name: RT : #blackmetrosexuallincoln might be the best hash tag ever. And a great name for a band...
Cool. Great chatting with you again!
#Thanks Guyel for follow
I-35 traffic is terrible in Buda heading in and out of Austin. Hearing some wait times of more than an hour. Live updates every 25 minutes.
No problem! (:
you hate McDonald's more than any person I know hates anything. Congrats for that.
": The feeling of when a boy who left you comes back and you don't even think twice before saying no."
Damn! My neighbors on that strong.
Game for my U11 girls today late and then one more tomorrow, wish us luck 3 games left in league would like ti finish top 3
I just bought Jason Wilson's new book #Boozehound , looking fwd to reading. yay for obscure cocktails & liqueurs!
We won’t fall Flat on service, we’ll walk on Eggshells! I see you Semi Glossed over that comment!
- I wanna know , who's going to bee the first to wish me a happy birthday at 12 . ( :
First overtime is scoreless between Kansas and A&M in San Antonio. One more OT left, if tied after that we go to penalty kicks.
Prepping 4 live feed 2 our theater starting Shot is so perfect for Brody’s piece. 80s color saturation+fuzzy edges.
LOVE me some Local Habit! Doesn't matter where it comes from as long as its organic, right :)
awww, ryan, we tried not to make it too #heartbreaking!!
Yes, among certain sections of pop. What I keep saying, but some libs take offense 2 that, as if I'm advocating it, NOT!
Just had the same conversation yesterday with colleague. Worried about my dependence on Google Analytics.
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
Welcome aboard.
Getting ready to watch Let Me In with In need of a good movie right now
You can hang with the greats, and walk among icons, but their position and talent wont make you anything more than a fan! #BeChristsicon!
If you call the store, I answer, then you ask if we're open... Don't get mad wen I hang up on you! Lol.
Virginia Chamber of Commerce will visit to HFC today..Create a internship opportunity for HFC students..
Noticed #stamford DPW makes sure traffic signal poles and streetlights are next to sidewalks not on them. wtf
Learn to love by loving yourself first
Hey want our new ringtones? :)
Congrats to NY Giants however will someone these guys to get over themselves....winning the NFL #SBXLVI does not make you a World Champion!!
Ha! That's how most of my (college) students address me, their prof, in emails - it's a (sad) colloquialism of 2012
I wanna do that..
Sweet! Even if you're in the area and wanted to stroll in, let me know. Prepare to play a piano! It's a lesson/tour. =)
Fantasy Football leagues are the greatest crash course in how democracy does/does not work
I got goosebumps watching the trailer. Can't wait, can't wait, can't wait...!
Hopefully we can tune in to mayor's debate tonite at on
aww that's so sweet! (: haha it's just that i took such a long break & now i'm back and i'm nowhere near where i was before!---
Filmmaker removes 5D Mark I's low-pass filter for increased sharpness | The Verge
The ego mind is resistant to the Collective Consciousness, but if you stay in your heart during this process you'll connect.
"...here's my number, so CALL ME MAYBE!!"
That's unfortunate
Im above it all.
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. Dave Barry
Hmm. Left calf still feels iffy. I guess it will just be a shorty for my run! That's ok right? I'm seven miles over my April total mileage.
I'm playing at The Lily Pad on Thursday, 5/27/2010
Well congrats on the new job n upcoming move... Let me know what part of town you're going 2 be in n hit me up when u get back
what's good kid? You're graduating this semester?
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
Happy thanksgiving everyone *blows kisses and waves*
that makes no sense to me. I cannot figure this out...
I really like him but yet I'm scared of the outcome. I don't want to get hurt again
Just listened to John Feinstein on earlier this week. I'm on the Fire Randy Edsall train. Just hope Kevin Plank is on the same train
I think I went to sleep like 1 o'clock.
I forgot about New Orleans traffic. Its not big city bad, its just lots of stupidity. Can't wait to get back!
BUT YOU DECIDED TO GET PINK NOT WHITE!
So proud of the boys soccer team!!!
TIM NASTY MAFIA SHOUT OUT!!! 109!!!
“: Usually the player with the jersey number 23 is the best on the team. #BasketballChaos”
I know - pretty cool. : Now that I know they are down with Ian MacKaye I totally want to move in with them. ;)
Guess What!!
can you please play Starships by Nicki Minaj I'm dedicating it too my friend cuz I love her
Anyone do a classic 5x5 weight training program? Did you get decent results?
Don't sweat it…better than picking your nose!
Fuck your pretty face.
Yep, but we're planning next year's, to make it an even better experience. There's always room for improvement. :-)
Today, I will be doing a private reading of my latest work "Blue Mountain Queen: A Story of Nanny of the Jamaican Maroons." Quite a journey.
Its Hot Hot Hot here in AZ today
what is yourfavorite season?
Lubbock house show tonight!!!!!!!!!!! Text me for details. 8 pm. Caleb Jude Green, me, and Westerner. <3
agree and he blushes on TV; not that is even sexier!
Washing my clothing for the first time..
East bound killing off Shane? Not cool.
We're playing in West Bend, WI Friday night at River Horse West. Come out and get some full frontal rock and roll.
Watch for our next IBTV with Aaron Olver, City of Madison Economic Development Director and former Secretary WI Department of Commerce
how are things, any new projects? are you going to Europe or what?
we're just starting to get a few sizes of the Gravity and Distance. Not up on our online store yet, but we have'em in store.
lilit is still just mad at me
I need to rent a small stage/raised podium for this weekend, who can I call?
Not sure if I agree w/ Revis...Tebow seems like the kind of guy you don't necessarily have to "get to know" in order to respect as a person.
Head is pounding
maybe you will.
yes and with her voice and type of music, her fanbase were teens that related to her and older people that liked her voice.
Down at the pond fishing. And apparently our neighbors decided to put UNDERWEAR on a tree.
Getting ready to be Guided By Voices.
Addys and redbull! They get you through every time! - good luck! I love you!
Good morning all!
We're on it!
#MyBoilingPointIs when people say "I have to tell you something important!" and then they say they will tell you later
You try to be nice and people take you out of context..go on a tear 4 issues in their life & see where it gets you?
15 page research paper on the Summer #Olympics. As burnt out as I am from writing about it, still so excited. 85 more days.
Capoeira is a poor mans Jiu-Jitsu. Bunch of homeless beatniks. Go back to clay sculpting and drama you Vanilla Special K eating fruitcups!!
haha we are going to church?? :)
These obnoxious Children International people on the sidewalk make me want to do the exact opposite of save the children.
Trying hard not to be a jerk in responding, but is hard, esp when I'm worn & in need of help myself & also way better at saying yes than no.
I'll do a little inventory tonight. : )
whats up ally<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Y'all, I have a confession. Sometimes my cat is a real asshole.
From all of us at Baldwin, Kagan & Gormley, we wish you a very happy Thanksgiving!
Haha I'm glad you liked it! Why didn't you just get a CD when we were in Amarillo?
"I'm sure people out there don't find you attractive either. Remember, personality counts."
Everyone is naked
Deas Vail White Lights EP Deas Vail means Gods Humble Servant. All albums are well constructed.
Rochester's walk-up music just got 11% douchier.
Flipped class "gives the students the opportunity to come back into the classroom and focus on project-based learning."Schrimpf
that's so sezual
GOOD MORNING, I LOVE YOU GUYS XX <3
Thanks for passing on some good news.
St Germain take me away
Happy Friday everyone!
have no power in your house sucks
never will :-)
How much do you think the Volt will cost?
hey gorgeous...how you been? read anything good lately?
Every strong marketer candidate has a clear command of their numbers. #icon12 RT
watching jig
I just loled at your last post! I have the same probbb!
its true i never been on a date with a girl
how would i join?
Looks like I'm going to be in a Music Video. :)
thanks for the Rt!
Crazy, isn't it?
Well,... maybe waiting 3 hours isnt that small..
I just gotta see my mom's schedule so she can pick me up .
Amazing! RT : delivers over 1 billion tweets every 4 days. via
Of course, I understand completely, but it is also a fact that a lot of people want to keep a baseball team in PDX. Oh well...
Oh the food was dope but I ate too fast...
All I do on Twitter is complain....I should start being a more spirited person
#Santorum tied with #Romney in #iacaucus shows that Iowa conservatives are out of touch with reality even by #GOP standards
lmao! Nice! Use it to keep warm
. Anyone remember what occupied the Rose City Building? What did they do? Bonus: where did name Rose City come from?
It's great to have you on Facebook, Tommy!
you guys did amazing on the valentines girl song im gonna download it the sec. it comes out #forever supporter peace :)
Thank you for the follow. Wishing you blessings for a wonderful 2012. Thank you for being a #changeagent for peace and oneness.
PoetryByMe. 10 + 10 equals 20 . I rather have u then the money , one day ill make you mines , until then god send me a sign *___*
I'm gone 2 bed
Lebron is doing whatever it takes to win a game. Even if it means flopping anytime be gets bumped. Lol
my powerpoints been a pain, printscreen, copy, paste & repeat just to get your pictures off flickr.
you're just a sweetheart:)
I will brace for impact lol
Looking forward to seeing you guys this year!
How's the horizon league stacking up this year? Valpo on top...is Butler having a down year?
YOLO is not an excuse to be a hoe
#MOBConf #BizMoms Q1: Angela Russell, Angela Russell Attorney Portland, OR 5 year old boy
I know you're copying off me....
The Shop NBC airing is SUNDAY 11/27 THAKNSGIVING WEEKEND, 2pm and 10pm EST!!! Look for LaseResults and Dr. B
Be sure to hide the pop tarts...
LCD Soundsystem = very loud
Hosmer's circle change is gettin' real nasty, I heard.
Nope! Haha. I refuse to call him by that nonsense.
Reading up on Stick Bits. Interesting.
#WIlDChildZ im happy school tomorrow leaving school early im happy
Ding dang storm!! I'm hungry where's the food?
English class, Bio exam, then relax. I can do that.
hahaha hate to break it to you but we don't use film anymore hahaha. You can carry my tiny compact flash memory cards
Mix of fear and inaccurate information leads to stigma attached to immigrants.
I find life amazing.
Honestly, the #Philles are just scaring me.
This girl got me trippin
I'm with you. But I think it's become habit for some to assume a hastag of conference abbrev. + year.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz tonight at 8:00pm! Rochesterbuzz.com.
I can't wait till Monday.
He said he thought that I would be gloating, all schadenfreude, about it, after all the pain he put me through.
- Are you aware that there is a hashtag #whyilovecanada? My favorite is "It's not America." Or is it?
Creation comes only from emptyness. From fullness only can come destruction.
So happy it's Friday. I get one more hour of sleep this weekend, too :)
I know! Not hard finding the nuts, is it?
lol. I'm excited. My teeth hurt so much though argh I'm goin crazy right now. You chillin or closin?
YES today is the day :)
M now I gotta watch this. I feel we need to have another Transamerica watching party
That's the only way I can imagine it working. 2001 was very realistic. #StarTrek's gravity deck-plates are just fantasy.
ACCEPTANCE ON OUR IR LGBT ROMANCE! coming soon to a Loose Id near you!
You guys are funny fries is dutchrudder RT BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip, & matti's is Javier schwartz
Only 17 more school days left till summer<3
Has anyone seen Ides of March?
babe tomorrow I promise !
Haha... I ticked A LOT of worship leaders off with my Coldplay tweet earlier...
Stoked for my Alma demo tonight with my LIS friends. I shall wow them with software, wine, and chocolate to elicit positive feedback ;)
Enjoyed speaking with I know she is excited about seeing !
Going for a stroll
and I are making our way to #CHI2012 - see you in the ATX!
TWEET ME :)
no problem!!!
When I win the Mega Millions, I'm taking everyone out for champagne
Not too sure if I can take a dude with a stache giving me head, seriously. ...Wonders.
Nice Work. Was registration easy?
Having a good time? (:
J: Is this the Teen Choice Awards? C: Yes. J: Get... get your internet out!
I tend not to come down on ppl for using the term "bitch plz" I give them credit for using manners
oh, and a couple of strawberries, too.
Agree RT : Real men like to cuddle.
I agree! Winks are highly underrated and their sole provenance should really not be creepy middle-aged men.
When #moving - literary ephemera is one of the most difficult things to pack - besides of course random knick nacks
Trib story today made me think of you. Hope you're great! Go CATS!
oh wow! thank you! i really appreciate that.
Welcome to the my website! Thank you Brian for the amazing job! Look forward to completion.
Lou Gramm must be rolling over in his grave.
I am not even going to pretend for one second that I will not be seeing Titanic in 3D.
This Wednesday it's going down at Mo|Tav in SLO! see ya there!
Praying that my feelings will change
wah! alright well i'm gonna eat and i'll come to your dorm afterwards. cool?
Unlike a traditional pizza, a tomato pie crust is light and airy which creates a crispy delicacy that truly melts in your mouth! If you have
y'all are sick, disgusting people.....how much???
#nrb12 Arnie Cole rocked the "decision" based culture and gave compelling evidence for "relationship" based spiritual growth
Seeking Financing For Your New Home Purchase Or Refinancing your Existing Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
#Project Planning & Control - what's it all about? Join us for a preview in Waltham, MA 2/3/12 for details
OMG! It's like the opening sequence of Mommy Dearest!
SECRET SEMINAR for people int he industry who needs that one connect. . . Email at
Hooping after a month off was hell got washed off the court 5 in a row <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> crazy.
Had To Have Some Time Alone With God & Talk About My Future So Now It's Time To Just Do Me & Get To Work :) Thank God For Everything <U+2665>
That awkward moment when preschool kids have a more successful love life than you.
If I had a dime for everytime someone said something I didn't wanna hear I could definitely buy myself some nice ear plugs.
What did you think of the Express Line?
Cyclones. That was fun.
it's because they watch too much jersey shore, and all guys try to be like mike the situation.
Awww, don't hate...one of my biggest regrets: not "borrowing" the signature card bearing Lisa, Lenny, and Roxie Roker's autogrs
would love to! It's not on the sched now
Feeling Antisocial? Get back in the Scene
Thanks, Neal!
Not happening. RT : Spurs
#thatawkwardmoment where you're talking to yourself and start to smile because you're so hilarious and then realize people are watching you
Check out our new (unpublished yet) website: www.drumminganendtopoverty.org Oh, and our Blog on the same site
Already RT : thanks for the follow
Seriously just saw someone with the worst SWTOR troll fail every. /facepalm
northern suburbs in Lake County. Either is appealing my family here and wife's in CLT. Lived in CLT last 10 years...
haha o gosh i can totally see my bro doing tht to me haha
Yayyyy! Welcome to twitter follow me back!
Wait, an egg? This dude brought an ostrich egg?
No via [ insert application name here ] at the bottom of each tweet....like this Tweet shows right now?
"Experience is a hard teacher because it gives the test first, the lesson afterward." -- Vernon Law
Me:Girl must be tired. Girl:Why :) Me:Cuz u been eating food all day. Girl: :(
TROLL HARD BABY GIRL RT : Gotta be marriage first RT RHancock19: There's always divorce.
We have a project due Friday and this dude in my group said he can't help out tomorrow because he's gotta get ready for The Avengers...
this group of knicks is the most unintelligent and heartless I have ever seen.
I want to do a candle light shoot what lense.
#Youmightbegay (boy)if your clothes fit tighter than mine . #Youmightbegay (boy)if you flat iron your hair. You just might be gay lol
Hennepin County not enforcing "no sign" restriction at #occupyMN protest.
followed, follow me please
when God uses the word abomination I always cringe like MAN!! Can it get any worse? Lol
Best lesson I learned this semester is never let others control how you feel or live your life.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a Type-O.
Thanks, it was exhausting... but we SEIZED every day... every hour... and sucked the fun out of it.
see you @ in June y'all get ready!!!!!!
A BIG Welcome to , Red Roof Inn in C'ville, and as the Newest Sponsors for Top of the Hops....Cheers!
...which means the Uthoff story is not dying anytime soon. Especially with him talking a nationwide tour for his next college choice.
Last warning: Don't miss tonight's reading! Jillian Venters, the Lady of the Gothic Charm School at 8pm in the Lounge!
Colton dixon needs to go to prom with the girl from here <3
taco bell's straws are too thin.
My Grandmother always used to say, "Why buy the cow, when you can get the sex for free?"
you're not going to distract Americans with your sideshows
IMAGE : ROBERT KIRKMAN&#39;s Creator Owned Success
Where would you like to see Pitch n Teigh play?
hell yeah it does! I'm pretty happy right now.
You want to know how great my love is? Count the waves. Unknown
Colloquium this Friday: Ann Morning of NYU on "Conceptualizing Race: How We Think about Culture, Biology, and Human Difference"
LOVE the cornbread but alas did have any of that either. After lent, bring on the sweets!!
got back from downtown, a few protesters out and about, and we stopped by the famous MERCHANT restaurant.......
hey that's my neighbor!!!
We've had a GREAT time at our meeting in Texas this week and enjoyed our Mexican food from Pappasitos!
Excited for the guys down at PBS! Tough schedule, #bengals! We got this, tho!
Great and fun start to the eMarketing and Mobile track today by Complete Digital
excellent point about the brews. We'd be a real baseball city if they'd give us a chance!
I think so too. The whole thing is crazy-cakes.
I will drink with ya!!
Live today as if it's your last, because one day it will be .
<U+E057> From Me to ALL a goodnight !!<U+E415>
I hear that ;)
Michelle Bachman gets no a single clap on her #fallon entrance
maybe its not about the happy ending, maybe its about the story...........
Who got they money on the Lakers?
My mom wanted to talk to me about immaturity, but she can't because she doesn't know the password to my secret fort.
At least you know it's not a hand-stapled zine! That narrows it down!
Thanks for the add buddy. Long time no see! How is everything?
All right I think those were good and ...now I'm done :)
Thanks for the follow See you Saturday at the inaugural Hospital Food Fight!
Fiction: it's good for you! RT : "Heavy fiction readers outperform heavy nonfiction readers on tests of empathy"...
jus gimme a pair of headphones
Long live The Queen
What we have once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose,for all that we love deeply becomes a part of us...Helen Keller
What "it" is
jades friend;D
I Like CREATIVE PEOPLE!!! ;)
I love you more than how much greg loves you
Good choice! Thanks for acknowledging the power of the people.
the first time I searched I got a 0 for you too. But the second time you came up with a 47.
haha! did you leave me a present? How sweet! ;)
Just crashed my computer. Stupid infinite loops.
i miss you too :(
You're rehearsing and you are being #HackedbyMamaMahone!
Who watched the movie Think Like A Man?! not me i wanna go watch it now!!!!!!!!!
Come to dwntwn San Jose San Pedro Square to get your Poke fix! The #ahi and #salmon is ready! We will be there till 2pm today. Get some!
get into a realtionship because you are bored? go and die.you are not worth it.
I gotta problem wit smoking my problems away
wsup buddy? Happy New Year
#YouGettinPunchedIf you wake me up before my alarm.
What's hanneninnnnnn
When darkness turns to light it ends tonight.
you rite my G mybad!
Goodmorn go chase them dreams.
about ready to put some Smoken Jacks on some chicken. Glad I bought at the Fiery Food show.
now i'm speechless, over the edge i'm just breathless. i never thought that i'd catch this love bug again.
I tried to tell you a while ago...
I wish you luck in next years bracket.....for 2nd place....obviously I will win.
my sister got me sick!:p
Cannot find
RIP Steve Jobs. He definitely left his mark on this world.
bike ride was a big ass workout
Soothe stress - by learning how to handle conflicts over careers, kids, in-laws, & more.
I helped a homeowner walk away CLEAR of three debts totaling $2,780,307.50, with TWO SATISFACTIONS OF MORTGAGES and PAID IRS Liens.
Going to the Farmer's Market today..fresh produce for some Yummy meals! I hope everyones day is going great!
Directioners follow give her a few shoutouts too xx help a fellow directioner out !
I feel like punching something. Just when I put out one fire, HE comes along with a tank of gasoline and a hay bale.
We run a cyber-promotion company.
ok hit me up so we can have something planned
Congratulations to California's own on his selection to the US U18 World Championship team!
I do! Hopefully it lasts thru 2nd half RT Wow...Does anyone else have a #tebowner right now?!
just a comment on his career:-) lol rip
you do you..if you don't wanna follow Justin Bieber than I support you 100%! People need to get over themselves.. Aha
RT :check out this new awesome recipe suggestion platform that just won startup weekend dc! Bit.ly/VoteWeeklyEats (also vote
Ok I gotta shake my booty if I'm going to get to class on time <3
Thank you for chatting tonight all
Ray Allen and his gum >
got your flu shot?
I was just on the phone with somebody who ended the call by saying 'Good enough.' Ah, the memories.
Thats no going to cut it!!!!!
Good luck to new pro in Day 2 of the LAPC $10k Main Event today!!!
Watching bridesmaids , AGAIN ! :D lover this movie :)))
you're like a shot of pure gold.
We'd all like to vote for the best man, but he's never a candidate-Kin Hubbard
now I think every girl I don't usually see is a French girl now
You never know what u got until its gone </3
Walks and talks highlight CU&#39;s variety of trees
HAPPY HEALTHY MOTHER'S DAY! How are you taking good care of yourself today?
and it's the ones that dont go hard that can get it
So fucking pumped for high school! You ready for this ?!?
Watching stomp the yard
well I am one.
You know your parents are getting old when you go to visit and the heat is set so high you can't even sleep in their house.
ditto homeboy-THANK YOU!!
#roadrage suspect Gloria McMillen has a long criminal history including assault, felony theft and reckless driving. She's held without bond.
The weekend started off great yesterday!!! How bout you guys? Any spring break plans?? :)
#FF my awesome comics friends -watch those last two!
When girls text back things like "Yeah" and "OK", they are REALLY trying to see if you will keep the conversation. A game? NOT a good idea.
please follow me(: xox
- I am game. I will bring Lincoln and we can just put a fence around our row!
A lot of talk of Veterans in the State of the Union address tonight. We're here to help!
I'm serious doe! U need not to every single freaking day
Congratulations to Barb Kindberg Smith our lucky winner of a family 4-pack of tickets to the Greater Milwaukee Auto Show!
praying. Please keep me posted on the progress
Tell me ho does it feel to be played bitch ;)
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right. -Oprah
If it's not rough it isn't fun.
wait, there are smart conservatives?
I'm filing that comment under "sleep-deprivation illness" and coming back to it at a later date for peer review.
Shout outs to thanks for following!
LMFAOOOOOooooo worst way to go out lol
been dreaming about boats. fixing and traveling in them. last night my boat turned into a bed.
always on the grind, luv it! : )
"I always have your back" Then where the fuck are you now when I actually need you?
I had wanted to bring it to UNC Charlotte but now I am headed to Florida State. May be out of the way, but I may be able to @ FSU
Audio one of the fastest growing segments in security.
uninstall flash. Use chrome when you need it for some reason.
wait, what? just saw a dior commercial with charlize theron featuring a song by the gossip. #doesnotcompute!
USDE Office of Civil Rights investigating suspensions, AP access, inequalities of resources in the education system.
Making tutorials is both more pleasant and more difficult with a cat lying on your arms.
turn that frown :( upside down sierra :) and just stay chill lol
I want it to just randomly starting raining really hard. That way I can just fall asleep faster tonight, listening to the rain.
I'm in love with Amazing website with great restaurant discounts.
Dr.Cole who performed surgery on my rotator cuff last year might be the Dr. Who does D. Rose. If so D.Rose should be good 2 go 2013
I sure don't like being ignored...and technology lets me know you got my tweets, texts and messages. So, what the fuck is up, huh?!
love this vers qute cristine if only we obey by it ....thank u for charing with us God bless u siter..
Agreed. Praying the Heat remain free of serious injuries. Shortened season has taken its toll on too many players.
When you take a group picture and someone says, "That's CUTE!" -- they're talking about themselves.
Driving in a big city is enough to turn anyone into a misanthrope after a while. Interestingly, Prius drivers are among the worst offenders.
A chilly Friday / after beautiful Thursday - / we hope spring hurries!
where is the computer charger ?
The future looks a little brighter this morning, doesn't it twitter?
I like Collision crew!
gurl...please! You said what we were all thinking! #LeaveRosieAlone. Liz Taylor is applauding you!
Jeff Katzenberg: the problem in my industry is that there's too much emphasis on marketability and not playability.
I looked this up, looks like we couldn't. It appears we could change quorum in bylaws to majority instead of 2/3 if we wanted
4 levels of reality perception: events, patterns, structure, mental models (suggest tattooing on forearm for systems folk)
#kids Endangered Species Day at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 19 11:00a: Learn all about the Dallas Zoo’s efforts to help save endangered species...
Just checking the numbers, and it looks like I was just a bit shy of 5000 words for the week.
Kobe got dat football head
RT ...at least you got a dog...I spend my on that good for nothing and in the end I did not get a MF thing !!
Hope the 5 ' 'Friends with Benefits' members who won our package are enjoying RADIO IRIS + DROP EDGE OF YONDER!
#ff and see when it's out!
grape crush for sure!
The actual microwave probably warms up Hot Pockets more effectively than Vinnie Johnson, but that's just an educated guess.
.....omg. Get a life please. Please? Can you do that? Can you find a life that is not mine? One that's yours, and yours alone?
htf do you stay so skinny eating that stuff?
Lie & say you lost all ur contacts“: What's a nice way to ask who somebody is when u get a text with just a number, no name?
Middle of UNM Spring Break, here at the Robotics Lab, hoping for an #NMSU W.
I reported the page for u
Let go & it will be yours forever.
I RECEIVE!
SAT word of the day: fastidious (adj.) meticulous, demanding, having high and often unattainable standards
Nope, sorry. Not me. It's a common name.
Goodmorning how goes it this Saturday
EXCELLENT!!!!! I am SO happy you have joined Twitter!!! Love you and can't wait to see you xx
"“I’ll see you at your place!”
lmao shut up i kno u seen when i txt u earlier smfh
OREOS: first you twist it, then you... Oh damn, it broke.
Feels like everyone I know is in MKE today for the game and National Marquette Day - sending all my MUrahrah love from the ATL!
oh word.wher @
ovbio :) Victorian Family
I really, really need to go for a trail run. Sigh.
After spending the entire night in the hosp w/R, the only thing I dreamed of was Starbucks before work #line out the door #dreams shattered
Most of the action takes place in a Party City.
Done w/ my first semester of college :)
The Shift is already happening.
Hey everyone! Feel free to DM me :)
doing well man, it has been a real long time, how about you? Congrats on graduating, that's awesome
I wish you the best of luck!
is he in trouble or did he get out okay?!
Thank you. I am now following you also.
What did you think about the midnight opening?
i may try the radio after dinner.
was that a "iceberg" sweater in the sabotage video?
On THIS I agree MT : Paul says heroes r MLK, R Parks, lays into wartime deaths, imprisonment of blacks.
Yes sir! Anything sir!
duh! Stanley Cup?
I heard you may be opening a compliance office in Mt. Sterling. lol
ok i love mikey& everything but come on a girl that has cancer wants to get be trended&she can't but he can its just sad:(
bahaha! I was just thinking the same thing!!
Looking to hire Web Design and Social Media salesperson, Charlotte NC. Please direct message me for details.
Do you like acting? Follow Like books? Follow Science? Follow Social Media?
Three more festival entries for Close Ties. Hoping to be in Texas next month.
": That awkward moment when you show someone something really funny and they don't think it's funny at all."
Proud tribute to what is likely last game ever for true pro. “: Entire #Pistons team don the headbands in warmups for Ben Wallace.”
Not at all what I wanted to come home to...
RIP HEAVY D!!!
When tears stream down your face I promise you I'll learn from my mistakes.
You're welcome Jessica. :) Would you be willing to follow me back? xoxo
Ok lets do it!
Gosh blue ivy for a name? Only from the celebs
Running the Anthem 5K Fitness Classic tomorrow? Celebrate your run by bringing in your bib number to receive a discount on froyo!
You know Obama didn't actually say he's the 4th best prez as Romney claimed?
Never leave your girl by herself! She's not a good friend.
nice job getting the WIN though!
yea kuz u got jesus bday then my wife to be then me then your bday.
i think u r watchin a spider! cute as hell!
I just entered to win an iPad HD from
Wow! What a jerkoff! I hope you have a very blessed day, Chef Anne! Watch you all the time on TV!!
Going for gold... bringing it all home!
Great talking with a few #indy marketers attending the next Mobile Indiana event! 2012 is a big year for including mobile in mktg mix.
Bless those walking away from my life for they're making room for those won't.
"You are chosen for a purpose."
"This conference is about systemic change." -Michael Galiazzo ()
What up homie?
what's wrong???
Can't decide if the documentary thing was cute-corny or ugh-corny
Ruby Tuesday for a quick app sounds good whoa down
guess i'll go home now.
that was awesome!
Good Morning Colorado!!!!!
Hey! They look good!
u already know
I was in Fisher Moved to NC to get a corporate jobnow I am taking my "Pants Off" I see you're journalism! do you have a blog?
there never a Kodak moment in my fam just mom being bipolar lol
MAKEVideo from SF Hardware Startup Meeting - hardware
Women lead men in usage on social sites. It's no wonder. We are social creatures
same.. and I wasn't expecting it. Forgot! Prob will never happen again...
Anyone interested in investing in education in Angola?
apparently I need an intervention & a support group.
Sorry to hear you had trouble with Ereserves yesterday, everything ok now? ( - DigiServices Librarian)
Sucks for you, cause I already have one... JERK!
"I got you a whore dress." - My mom
A3: If you feel you are ready to take the next step (AAE to AE), then talk with your employer about opportunities
have so much fun at
Goodnight sweet dreams
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
"No one has the right to judge you. They might have heard your stories, but they didn't feel what you were going through."
sounds great. We wish u best of luck. Keep us posted
CEO of , noted that many #entrepreneurs are great proj. mgrs bc they can dissect strategy into mini actions.
thanks for the RT
Try this on. 1000 full color CDs in 4 panel digipak with 24 custom t-shirts for $1390!! Texas trusted San Antonio owned.
Damn it Hardgrove
the baby starts sleeping through the night and gus starts snoring all night...AWESOME probably gonna go insane very soon if i dont get sleep
Spot Lounge is it tonight!!!
Motherly looking flicker sampling brunch at the suet feeder.
LOL @ you. Cause last time I checked.. You're an obsessed pshyco bitch. So yeah. Shut up. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+263A>
Can't wait for Wild Flag Apr 3rd at the Troc, Philly loves ya
What a wonderful afternoon to start after school. Getting punched under your ribcage by some puny 8th grader and saying "eff you" :/ yay!!
If only they could improve, or be happy with themselves instead of tearing down others. It's a shame.
Oh Yeah! =D I Saw The Abdc Season 6 Preview :D It Looks So Intense :P I Hope This Season Is Really Good Tho :/
I hope I'm as good for him as he is for me.
five years ago...
#FAQ: I have a mail in ballot and I messed it up. What do I do?! A: You can get another one by contacting the Reg.of Voters @ 858-565-5800
on the spot where the crack was.
finished Well organized, great event. Challenging conditions. Thankful
RT : A3: We watch similar trends across channels. Visits, interactions/actions and reach to name a few.
Im Allergic To Bullshit , Lies , Drama & Being Broke .
haha good one;)
Some Beach bitch
We need to record a 1 year long song
***Coalition to Save our Homes*** Meeting of Feb. 13, 2012 - 7:30 PM - Irvington Public Library in the History Room
wuz good with ya gurl how you been?
I've never hated someone so much, as much as I hate Mrs. Morgan...like I legit have a boiling hatred for that woman.
Did you really just say that sh#t....SS disrespectful....
Been home for 24 hours and I already broke something expensive.
do people in Wisconsin ever win?
Actually got some bonus FF miles from after the fiasco in Atlanta coming back from Illinois.
Bout to put it down on stage with my girl its about to go down (in my kevin hart voice)
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant are going to put them in their places.
Wife: why does your studio smell? Me: were here. Wife: why does it smell all the other times? Me: shut up.
have you ever listened to tyler the creator? :-)
Are there any user in China who can clone\fetch code by https? I meet problem "Unknown SSL protocol error in connection"
Brian Tracy~ It doesnt matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
mean people. I'll just go ask Justin to buy it for me!
Ashton Kutcher is small minded, he doesn't know good country music, or even how to be a good actor. That's just me.
Listening to Keith Parker, CEO, VIA explain transportation visions for the future @ WDC LookWest breakfast series.
oh yeah that promise. Absolutely. So far so good.
Will be heading to McGilvery's Speedway Pub soon for 's Autosport Radio interview. Who's going to join us?!
Shooting the past - bbc film. Nts
Today's Get Energized tip: Use high-density insulation in exterior walls.
I just want to leave for Spain now, so i can mail my "no regrets" letters :p sick of keeping things to myself anymore.
lol my decision was just made by mother nature.
we are in love with the new yo la tengo album
This is the better, North Korean version lol
I already told her she aint. And she knows I want my time... besides Im on my sis phone. so no kik
C'mon food, Either stop being so damn delicious or stop making me fat.
Act Like You Knoe Better : Dont Let them White folks Sterotype You
I want to be just famous enough to be on 'Dancing With The Stars' in like 30 years. I also want to make it to the final round, but lose.
Going to buy baby furniture! Going to be a wild ride until May getting things together for the baby
Watched *Slacker* for first time since it came out. Surprised by how well it's held up. Maybe because I live in Texas now, get it better?
I suddenly feel the need to buy a car...
That's not nice! and I are very serious and earnest people.
I Love to all <U+2665>
Whiskey tasting w/Evan Morgan, bbq Recipe for a nice spring evening.
Opportunity stears you in face and u can't blame no one if you don't do anything about it! LET'S GO!!!!!!
Cracking up at the numerous charges to "O Patio" on my credit card.
actually was considering it for a while, but I love my job and I have good job security..if it weren't for that I'd be gone
Cause my mama be getting over shit I personally don't gaf about ! I just be fr mama , we really talking about this !
Bad experience @ ESHS. Don't ever let a Cameron kid play that dirty. 1 red card was not enough.
and I talking about man-sluts at workie > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
cant wait baby boy
Who want to have a snow ball fight tonite, lmao
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? (: :D
I may or may not have installed your app. Irrelevant question to ask since your website can't tell, so answer is always the same.
that awkward moment when I walk into the room , and I realize I'm the only bad bitch , MOVE. <3
Eventful day that included a range of activities from Top Golf to getting my truck towed. Time to wrap up with some CPA studying.
seeds of hope
Congratulations to Johnny Hale from Las Vegas. He was the winner of today's noon tournament.
Peace and #ff to some of our food/restaurant partners!: ; ; ; ;
The sun makes me sneeze <U+E40D><U+E04A>
would love to see your poll on where people want rail, would be helpful.
Watchn fresh prince my favorite show!
Just got my January issues of savvy mn magazine. Thanks again to Sara glassman for writing about attagirl!
thats so true, I know I'm a man and but most men don't understand, after a woman cums but i always keep going and it always better
Prince as a #Tiger seems about right. He was once a 12 yr old hittin HR's into Tiger Stadium's Upper Deck. life comes full circle.
That would be fantastic! My classes meet on Tu/Th. & what was the name of that article on politics you mentioned?
binary winery
Right??? #warcotto RT : 0-1...let's hope you go 0-2 ": I'm picking Shane and Floyd tonight
the pot is calling the kettle black
since u dident come to my b day lol
my head hurts...
Not a good early sign for #Rockies Moyer, 3 hits, 2 runs already. Can't afford to get too far behind with Santana pitching for
u are missing the point. both women are out of touch w what it takes to survive in USA. #motherhoodiswork the 1%ers just
My average bedtime has been 4am. FAIL!!!
mikey seemed so hyper in those interviews, lmfao.
i hate being like everyone else....i strive to be different
u gone lose
Not a working one no sorry :/
Twitter friends sale printing 1-800-407-7560 ask about Twitter discount
So bored I'm cleaning and washing clothes smfh
Oh shit! Lost a follower! Lol
do you like the ICONic Boyz ? ;)
This afternoon I pick up my elder kids after church, so they can join our Seder. This is a complicated century. (Happy holidays, everyone.)
ha ha ha. that didn't last long...
Cool seeing on JackThreads.. Great company.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever. <U+E327>
Since the LSD trip, I've been thinking about this...Roger = John, Don = Paul, Bert = George, Lane = Ringo. Pete = well...Pete Best
appreciate the time tonight.
i'm going to have to take one of your classes to learn about making with the lilypad arduino. mind if i become your student? :P
glad you're back
G.M.N.I.: Shoutout to
messed the tendons up in one of my fingers playing in a sand volleyball tournament yesterday
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." -John Quincy Adams
And USC is back on top! Let's win this!
LOL maybe we all can have movie night at y'all place or something
#YouKnowItsRealWhen everything is swallowed...
TYSVM and Hello! Look forward to browsing your website.
I spend too much time on tumblr and not here. Why.
Ticket prices for BLUEMAGIC, presented by New Horizon Theater, Inc., are $40-$50, $100 is VIP reception and orchestra seating! 1 week to go!
I trust no female
remember how he stayed in that game for awhile? in hindsight, not smart.
This rain needs to stop . Not feeling it today!
yes, that's a problem we're aware of. unfortunately we don't know of any international sites similar to quantcast
“: has now found another medium with which to procrastinate. #lehgo” preach!!
Varney: gov't won't step in to protect privacy if nobody is calling for protection, and we don't see anyone marching on the Capitol...
ah! well, congratulations then :)
overloaded it with awesomeness, again?
I love making friends all over the world on Twitter. I've met new friends from Hawaii, Kenya, Indonesia, and UK, this week!
“: always think of u 2 when i hear beemer benz n bentley” it's pretty much the best song ever.....
nope, not me!
right! #halfmarathon #winner how do we get Larry Herrett to tweet?
Will check in on the Raspberry Vanilla Wheat (RSV) in a few hours. Soon I will know if the Madagascar Vanilla was worth the $9.
have u heard from William. He hasn't shown up to work. We r worried.
For extreme radio - www.freekshowradio.com
long time no speak ... how was #BHF11?
Awww, John. I didn't know that you had heard my music! That is the SWEETEST thing to say! I'm honored that you'd listen!!
man why you always my nigga ja rule? He get you when he get out it won't be long
Thanks for coming!
&& even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil !
I had a meeting today with someone who had worked on OUT OF AFRICA, one of my favorite movies. What a treat to hear some of his stories!
I feel like this class is never going to end OMG ugh.
watching Big Time Movie again!!
Coinkidink- when a song you're listening to, ends at the same exact time you park your car. I've had it Thrice today!! How bout you? :)
Good morning
On the LinkedIn question: yeah, but most of them changed jobs to "contractor" or "freelancer" - you know what that means..
Watching the #jerseyshorereunion and noticing. . . Is it just me or does mike have a situation- of gaining some weight? Lol
loved it today (and i mean i really loved it) when my client said they hoped to hire a pr person like the great ones on his team at Matter
Hope this shorty is here for tomorrow :o
The commentary I had for the feed I had was insufferable. Yes, the final will sort it out.
Just opened TC338 to reveal a coconut bank... carved into a monkey... holding a book! It's a tiki librarian monkey bank! Our new mascot!
I just realized today is Friday the 13th! awwecrap.
Oh, if only you guys knew what I had planned...I said we'd be back, and we are going to be stronger than ever!
Hey all, today we're working on coupon codes. REQUEST: how do you use coupon codes? You'll affect the code this morning!
one change in sports...give those kids Koch & kalu more radio time
I appreciate that you appreciate your moths.
I loved it!! Hulk was soo funny!! When him and Thor were in the train station & he randomly hit him i like died haha!
Don't forget to get your Society 2012 Calendar! For all who already have one, our cat Dot isn't dead :)
My mom is taking me to school today. :)
please stop tweeting me to 'tell austin to follow you'! tweet him if you want a follow, not me! im a cat! LOL
My suggestion: the latter, THEN the former. It's much better that way. For you.
Pizza, Pei Wei, and peach tea. I'm currently in food heaven :D.
Super lol!!!!11!! RT LMAO The Denver Broncos have a G on the roster #65 Manny Ramirez !!! He's played in 2 games this year.
I am in under this new name now.
#fml! my back!!!! I can barely move. My phone is lagging now :c
right back at ya!!! xo :)
But she has nothing but compliments for opponent Susan Reed. Her strategy: Don't ever mess with the DA.
Planning 4 the future of Newark & its neighborhood involves all of us residents, government, nonprofits&business. It’s ur city & ur future
Really shouldn't be drinking coffee at this hour, but I've got to stay awake for #cltux! Tonight's subject is accessibility.
YOU ARE MY FAVORITYBABE IT GIRL!!!
Game 3 at the Rose Garden is a sell-out!! Fans are #allin. Go HAWKS!!
My super sweet neighbors passed court and are now parents to a little girl! :)
ikr, that speech kinda got me
« Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better. » Jim Rohn
you are a nut case
Cool, I'm watching basketball
RT : RT : If you are reading this, follow
Uh oh...bulaga down!!!
Term paper finally done!!
dude...how fast were you going and what did you hit? your truck is slightly damaged
Quote of the Day There is no better high than discovery. E. O. Wilson
Isn't twitter great! Thanks for the follow and mention!
Passions tonight? :)
a little late - but Go CAPS!
“: heard ur performance at the club in Jacksonville...u were awesome bro! 4:16 brother!”< thanks bro!!
...What's the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on? Henry David Thoreau
SHOUT OUT THE AND IM HUNGRY IMMA BOSS FREESTYLE
The work of Dale Carnegie...
bring it on, that Blake is one good egg!
I know that person
great! Go to the oriental theater tmrw 1:30 pm. Wear some EMBARC gear. My buddy Kennedy will meet ya with tix.
kuddos to Beth Potter for the article "Oh, my achin' back!"
Running out of coffee is the worst thing that can happen to me in the morning.
i swear when i sing climax with the music i sound JUST like usher ! ya'll don't even know !
awww Tyler you have a good life, and your a good person don't go against your self!:(
RT : You a shooting coach? Live in Buffalo? Lol [Yes, but live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.]
Good morning twitter followers;)
Holy moly Twitter! Off to Dubuque, Iowa this weekend for Homecoming and booze and booze and more booze with old friends with more booze.
thanks so much!
That's basically all I use mine for (and email). Great for those tasks. I use my desktop PC for desktop pub; graphics, etc.
beef and pork? I like the way you celebrate. By the way, how was Vera?
Anyone have recommendations for books on helping the first child adjust to a new baby? I'm looking for a book for parents not for children.
Today we're thankful for friends, family and SUNSHINE! Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours!!!
so am i! and i have to we ready to go to lincoln at 10:00 tomorrow and blah
.. Unless that's what you're hoping for. :-)
YES THEY SHOULD!
Ah sweet sweet Friday ...
honestly I think I have a bad judge of character. and yet AGAIN my time might get wasted
Can't wait for football this weekend :-)
loved it :)
I'm not speaking negatively about a player for making correct decisions. Won't change my mind on that one. Doesn't make sense to me.
RT makes my month with a big referral fee. Thank you! works. Join today.
let's do It!
Trying to get inside on Cabrera's hands.
yep exactly!
Very nice! Good to know about. Awesome job with this extension.
Flight into KCI delayed due to crew scheduling.. Storm wise, is 7:30 better than original 6:30?
Angle of mine ; Monicaa !
Cubs win!
Make a difference! Donate to on 3/8. Your donation will be matched!
we still on?
Thanks! I had a lot of fun making it and can't wait to wear it. :-)
Reading Rodeo In Juliet by Glenn Rockowitz about his journey as a cancer patient. It does for vomit what Moby Dick did for whales. Powerful.
Meeting up with my old buddy Sandra Dee.
DID STEVE BROWN JUST SAY.....VERGA......LMFAO.....WATCH OUT YA, VERGA IS COMING.....LMFAO!!!
Smoke weed naked.
The Dow Jones hit 13000 for the first time since 2008!!!! Finally! I'm seeing brighter days & blue sky's ahead!!!
Talking the latest biz news on #WXXI 1370 am This week, all about Sterling Cooper.
So, it turns out my best friend's girlfriend cheated on him..and for some reason,she mentioned my name...greeaaat
Go ahead and let others take the lead: sometimes it's more comfortable to be the follower rather than "the followed"
Ya can't have the hop if u don't have the hip
awh thank you so much!! Thank you for coming! Love you:))
30 follower that great
lol ,..hmm not sure on that ..that tiller really throws ya round when it digs in..one way or nother we'll gitrdone :)
Oh yeah...that's one of mine, too! LOL!
thanks luv and yes GOD FIRST see you in the red carpet ;)
Heading down to #Bridgeport to look at furniture for our new
I missing you..boy I love.. :\
Old is old hombre, the movie isn't trying to change your opinion, it's meant to make you aware. Up to you if you wana care
... What else is it used for, anyways?
Up and getting ready for a fun family day!
New fav drink: hot water and cacao powder. Somewhere between coffee and hot choc. All the happiness of chocolate, with no sugar!
it is EXTREMELY sketchy but oh well!!!!
The Internet, in other words.
Absolutely! Great work!
As much as I love learning about the history of car safety, I'd rather listen to music.
Attending great #python class from #pystar #PhillyPUG at #devnuts.. Great group of supportive instructors & students. Well organized too.
What upcoming show are you most excited for?
These headphone hurt my fucking ears
“: tongue down her throat while da other bitch gagin” ew..
What do you stand for?
What's the most you have ever paid to get into an event?
All of them, at once! :) RT : Vampires, Aliens, Hippies...what's next?? O.o
Fins in it!! Down 39-30 at the half at ASun Tournament! 2nd half coming up! Time to rise up and shock the world!
I followed you back. Was Gud Bitch
That's for damn show!
HA! Gender is the hot topic of 2010 ads... RT : Woman like book. Men play, no read.
Nothing better than a rainy day.
Congrats to client Haruki Nakamura on signing a 3 year deal with the Carolina Panthers this morning.
RT : Always check over status updates with the notion that future employers are watching
Definitely one of the most fan friendly!!
thank you! :) & even thouqh i'm not a mother, thanks! ;) haha.
You better believe I will be there when Pack is that's the last game i was at 2 seasons ago Preseason.Pack-Hawks was wearing #12 GB
": I'm voting for for Gen Prez!"~Thanks! What's going on good brother?! It's good to hear from you!
Found the cutest cheese grater from Boston Warehouse Gaby Green. Works and looks great in your kitchen.
I need to run but its too cold this morning...can I just jog really fast in place? : (
look him up !!:) hes gorgeous
text me back slut !
Yikes...that doesn't sound good.
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,ARTICLES OF VALUE ! WATCH REPAIRS,CRYSTALS, WATCH BANDS , BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 !
ima buy it for me
2 more wins to go!
I want to fucking leave already take me!!!
me too. Although i didn't love the finale. Changed my feelings about the show.
Dear cyclists of Boston on your commute: Please learn to hold a frakkin' line. Love, your fellow cyclist,
RT : "Fortune favors the bold." ~ Virgil
Thnz for the mention &
We'll see you soon!
congrats n good choice. My city! Stay off Door st. Lol. Good luck.
heat I hate most...okc right behind
great work
#Rondo speed demon at the end!! Another #tripledouble yeah baby!! #goCeltics #Celtics #celticschat #greenNwhite baby! Nice come back win!
Wasn't prepared to hear that<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
I really don't like having to root for the Patriots. It makes me feel kinda' dirty.
hell nah
I'm all for anti-spam protection, but these "captcha" things are growing increasingly difficult for real, live humans to translate.
We need something in 6:8......right...?
Gettin ready for tonights concert and hell yeah gonna be a blast!!!
its sittin that, Lois Napsack, OG Hash bra, you gotta Have That....Aflack lmao im high so that had to go in
I don't feel like Kobe has this one in him
I may have to check the photo archives. I recall the mittmans of weathervane way all jets fans!
we fought hard but unfortunately came up short. But I have full faith we will bounce back and bring it next game.
Its such a beautiful day(:
Laying down. <U+E105>
Raised $85 for the Walk for Animals, hope to have more when I wake up! Goodnight everyone!!
Fucking hate Maine
BiPolarMoment: Remembering yesterday when I was so smart I expected God to ask me for advice. He didn't. Now I'm depressed.
silver or gold?!
lol bruh we had this convo plenty times give Jason back his pom poms and sit down you aint about that life
thas....i prefer ass
you have to make it fun
dont have one .
<U+200E>530am on the left coast! READY to take over Hollywood! Definitely the biggest day of my career! Let's GO! Make it a GREAT day friends!
Spring into March with
#thankateacher on the 30th annual California's Day of the Teachers: good teaching grows in value & pays dividends far beyond the classroom.
Happy 81st Birthday to Leonard Nimoy today!
Definitely. I'm pretty open early next week.
My mistake,I stand corrected....LOL
Now we come to the tough/fun part of packing for vacation … what books to take?
Thanks to everyone who has offered to help. Stay tuned!
Softball on a nice day. 16 inch, no gloves
Good lookin on the follow lady,You know I'm followin you back
I think the marathon might have something to do with it. Felt slow at pts today. I'd normally give a 3.5.
Good morning.
I know the feeling. You don't always find something to apply for every day but looking every day is an accomplishment!
t rexxxxx. Ps show on Sunday is now free so I better see you! Pbc plays at 9:30
It's amazing what a relationship does to some people
Ready for that open bar?
Great to see you here!!! Have a blessed day bro !!!
why aren't yall working out?!
Glad to see #UFC cross-promoting with #NBA. Smart fight week promo! Helps to extend traditional reach, target black community.
Nothing like chocolate croissants at a French Bakery...unless of course I were in France. ;)
so true! You learn more from real people than the net.
Watching we bought a zoo :)
Thank you! We're pumped! You're a rockstar, too! :)
me too. ok so im looking for our icon of justins ass and pics of justin grabbing selena's butt keeps popping up.... lol
We went partway up Mt Si on the old trail. First time on the old trail-quite steep. Hope you're having a great weekend :)
Saw you pass by leaving Pearl. Hope you're having a great afternoon!
V.sad news about Adam MCA Yauch passing. Love The Beastie Boys May his family's grief be eased in the knowing that he brought joy 2 millions
ok you know they're not together right?
you are welcome
Comedy Tonight at 8:30! Come check out the show.
Maybe I did snork pepperoni off the pizza while waiting for a red light on the drive home. WHAT OF IT?!
LOVE the last chance kitchen. Genius!!!
Just started watching, The Walking Dead. So good!
. When I'm done, I'll use the cubes to ice my knees.
I ate a banana for a snack and drink water. I really wanted a chocolate cup cake. This healthy eating is hard. Sticking with it though.
Thanks for the mention :)
not much,only 17 hours and I only compleated the first 4 main story quests...
Funny how "these people" sound a lot like the Rapture guy. RT : How much extreme weather do we have to have before we wake up?
so were on for breakfast?.
Currently jamming to Ocean Avenue in the way to Lynchburg. Cant wait to do this every day.
When you hear me talking what u think? When you look into my eyes what u see?
I don't know what's better, watching the rangers crush teams or watching Chris Davis strike out
; i am a happy girl!
Come out tonight to 12th and Porter and catch Kink Ador with Go Back To The Zoo and Justin Kaulk Orchestra! Good times!
The pic was much appreciated, though... thanks for the yumminess!
agreed. it seems more and more that the $ is the end in itself and not what the $ can help build.
CHECK OUT THE MUSIC ON YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ-RIDE WITH ME
oh i know lol
Let it play lol!!
Juve /AC Milan is probably the game of the weekend in Europe.
Eileen Brady will be at my tree lot today at noon to collect coats for the needy. Come by, say hi, ask her your questions and share comments
#LeBron is putting on a show this afternoon! If he plays like this throughout playoffs, #Heat easily will win #NBA Championship.
Steak n shake at Washington n Holt takes forever for sum damn chicken. Dang.
falling in-love everyday with your products. Time Defiance Morning & Night Creams make my face radiant & smooth! #Love it TY
and the founder of Engineers w/o Borders both at #TedxMileHigh. www.tedxmilehigh.eventbrite.com
Ah, OK. I think I know where you found it. There _should_ be a link to a shapefile in the About sidebar - DM me if there isnt.
“: Happy St.-Patrick's-Day-With-Tacos”
Send you #winelabel to contest .com if you want to enter our Free #wine label contest online. #free to enter!
BIGSEAN! i NEED YOUR EMAIL BRO! NEED TO SEND YOU SOME #BANGERS!
Indeed! RT : taking a look at session ideas for --it's going to be hard to decide!
i swear it hasnt been a year. i miss you guys. and lady.
Jason Feinberg: "Data can give us answers but it can not ask the right questions." #NARM Town Hall.
Today I know more about steel bridge construction than I ever needed to, but probably only half of what I'll know by Friday.
do you monitor your finances regularly? Check out mint.com...it's my favorite addiction. Probably the healthiest too ;o)
Nene would be like jim carry when sea bass busted in the bathroom
Ventis Secundis => Literally with winds aft, with a favourable wind
I do. DM'ing you.
i'm dying to get my hands on those #welcometoparadise tickets!!!!! <3
Sounds awesome! RT : -- movie and wine night sometime to catch me up!?! (cc: )
that's awesome/ and the best description I've heard in the past few days!
Bingo players brought the sweetest gifts for Ice -- he's won lots of hearts around here
I love that I can watch #SOTU and shop at the same time.
Check out at the tonight! Show starts at 8:00.
Last chance to see "The Miser". Friday April 9th and Sunday April 11th at 7:30pm. www.lansdaletheatre.org.
oh ok nice to know sum1 cares and u dont live here??
Congrats 571.7kfollowers;) always I'll to loe u! We are arriving in 600k followers, let's go my prince!
Emotions make you do shit that you never thought you would or could!!!!!
Ugh this week has been INSANE, i put up with rain, old "friends", hair,and other trouble in school smh
Wow - now the pressure is ACTUALLY on! Lol! RT : We're waiting. Don't let us down ...
Been working on a library technology plan on day off. (for a class) Pretty much done, but curious what YOU would include.
I love how I text him but he rather tweet then text or call me bak. That's cute
add us to your list, i think we are worth it
hey you stay up in Houston! Hit me up sometime!
“: Kristen Chenoweth looks like she hasn't showered in three months.” /// But had 15 plastic surgeries in that time
I am laughing at the miserable rats..I can get help on Monday..Its not late its not even due yet...what quack loser.
I'm sorry but this O's season is depending too much on luck. It just can't continue
Just dropped off Miss you already baby.
"You stay a week longer, I'll show you my bullet wounds." - Grandpa to my brother's girlfriend.
Alan, from another motherless child, hoping you're okay. It's hard.
Gay marriage!
Downtown Miami chilling
help me get followers? :D <3
m. This needs to become a regular thing!
Great friends help you see what most ppl wont speak of!
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 11
Christianity.com - Learn about Faith in God, Jesus Christ, Spirituality and grow in the Christian faith.
If the TV show "Cops" has taught me anything, it's to stay away from people with blurry faces....... they always seem to attract trouble...
You know what's cool? Sweeping a double header from the Black Sox.
yeah me either. I'll start it over the weekend.
there's a foul joke in there somewhere
Great Thanksgiving dinner at moms. I gave a turkey pardon today, since I'm a vegan. But it was delicious!!
That sounded really hipster...LOL but it is very true. She's always been one of my favorite Brits for years. <3
I lose a lot of clothes. 0_o
i fuckin wanna cry when u listen to stan by eminem
I bet that I love you more:)
It's never Lupus.
My husband just confessed to watching the first Twilight movie. I think he might be gay.
Ice can't keep EMAC down! Tuesday night, 's class had their scheduled Barthes discussion on TodaysMeet.com.
I agree :)
So this "Waterless" hand sanitizer i have, clearly has "water" in the list of ingredients.
Doggone it. Now i hear that and are both going to be at WordCamp Birmingham. I may have to break down and go.
Cool....txt me at 8328893677 if you have any questions.No cover and Drinks on me :)
+1 for improvement headroom via assumption challenge. resonator. same wavelength. ty for your comment
Murray, Jeff and Greg retiring from Wiggles. Emma Watkins is the new yellow Wiggles.
I thought he was super cute. Does that make me a sex offender of some kind?
thanks!!! Make sure to snuff the pillowz good :)) arooooo
It's so beautiful to be alive, it's so beautiful to be free.
Good luck on the live tour!! You will all be great!! :D
Watching a movie with :D
end of next month!
Long week coming to a conclusion?
maybe your cover letter should just be more like a car dealership sale ad: One day only! Call now before this offer passes you by!
be kind. no exceptions.
Heard #adriennerich read her work at MIT yrs ago, cemented my love of poetry. RIP
Shaun Marcum is walking a tightrope today and battling command issues. Four walks and hit batsman through 4 innings of work. Game tied at 4.
Just think about what must have happened before they made windshield wipers.....
Funny that thinks I'm already in SFO when I just checked in at airport in BOS.
You and Scott deserve it all big guy!!!!
It's sophie's birthday in a week and mine in 4 and a half months! Woo
yea it makes it kind of better hahah no need to apologize, did u see my hastags? lol this was more importantl :)
when you get fucked over again I don't wanna hear it #realtalk lol
14 hour standoff ends peacefully in Ocilla
wanna go tomorrow? I can barely keep my eyes open now :/
with about 30 percent precincts reporting in Delaware...53 percent FOR and 47 percent against Wville levy
Thirsty Thursday (thûr'ste thûrz' de, -da) n. Abbr. Thirs Thurs. or T.T. The fifth day of the week when people go out to drink liquor
Tracy Porter signed this offseason RT : #Broncos released CB Andre Goodman. Who will start opposite Champ this fall?
omg! If you shout me out, I will cry. No honestly I love you as much as JB! If we promo eachother and get the chance 2 yap.<U+2665>
NO. YOU HAVE TO HELP HIM.
So many people at sun tan city!
As Lindsay Lohan rehearses for SNL in New York this week she keeps thinking to herself Linsanity is a new term to describe her
No time to sightsee in DC but interesting to see all the scientists rappelling on the Washington Monument.
Between love and hate
"#Meditate and enjoy." - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
omg no! i would definitely have nothing to live for! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Debby Ryan, Bella Thorne,and Zendaya save and help Disney Channel to survive without Jonas Brothers, Miley, Selena, Demi, and Sprouse Twins.
Cut some radio spots with Independent Studios (independent.tv) and was very impressed. Highly recommend!
hello new tweeting universe. There is always a first time for everything. Tis beautiful
He whacked a defenseless player across the head. 20 yes ago, that's how they played. Not how Stern wants it. Thus, classless.
": Romney: "If General Motors was hiding in Pakistan I would send Navy SEALS to kill it.""
Haha parents! lol! ok this might be a really stupid question but how do i know if someone tweets me !
Building a brand new website-almost done with the kids section...now on to adults. between shoots, edits, and new website, I'm a tired pup!
Encouraging people to come back through great customer service/outreach is key to retention
I liked what I heard, but I'm probably the only faculty member at #GWU who loves the idea of an all-University APT committee...
Hi, Thanks for following!
think i'm allergic to my house
Watched Into The Wild tonight. Forgot Zach Galafanakis was in it. His name was Kevin.
We got it! Our furry character alter-egos: : Nala, : Tigger, : Hello Kitty! You like? :)
RT At Hong Kong airport seeing if the Chinese government will censor me. Can't login to Twitter from mainland China.
i dont know if he is #1 at his own position in the SEC...
my california king
I'll be watching!
Time to get under the bed!
Mary J. Blige 'Why' Video: Rick Ross Parties With Trouble-Free Singer
is sending love to all those walking the razor's edge. Courage, my friends.
BREAKING: Police say two suspects in connection with Dublin gas station clerk slaying involved in weapons theft at Powder Room on Feb. 8.
Some of us are already involved, and some of us, like me, have been raped ourselves. There's a lot of apathy in the world.
Some is that "THIS IS HOW YOU TALK TO GRAD STUDENT". Some is "I AM PROF TO YOU" or "I AM PHD STUDENT TRYING TO PLAY BY RULES".
Dang your really closed mined !!!
so much darkness in the world .. but i see beauty left in you girl ....
You had talked about putting I-90 from Spokane to Seattle in there ;)
You didn't even ask!! *Storms off and slams the door*
Think maybe & are concerned about the degree of magnetism in the last 2 groups at ?
Mario Lopez is on my flight back to Burbank! :) He is so good looking!
Who is going to be in the run-off for Portland Mayor? Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts hopes to call it during the FOX 12 10 O'Clock News.
lies I'm the greatest awkward person you know & constantly impressing with my satirical remarks of 4th block
I will sing to the Lord all my life; I will sing praises to my God as long as I live Psalm 104:33
What an incredible morning with Megan speaking at Mercy ministries in Sacramento. Thank you This ministry is blessed.
Love this campaign by - savethewords.org - some words are heading towards extinction to make room for new words like Bromance.
get a million followers on our station CyberStationUSA.com
And yogurtland! Pumpkin pie flavor is backk!!!
Thanks for sharing, Jessica. Do you see more teams adopting this #socialmedia ambassadors initiative?
not married yet. No babies.
How can you double your money?Look at it in a mirror.
is in rehearsals all week for Saturday's performance of Handel's Messiah with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra at Clowes Memorial Hall
Haha Im Loved My An Awesome Person... That's You Haha
if I'm sweet then you must be amazingly sweet ;) #DontDeny<U+2665>
Ha! I knew Russ would approve
I need to buy a skateboard....
I'm a supporter haha :)!!
bagel club? IT'S DONUT CLUB TODAY! come to paccar commons between 11 and 1!
Just tell us.. We think we know already..
last night adele didn't thank her fans not even once
Don't blame this on me; it was you.
I Love Stacy Francis!!! Follow Stacy Francis!!
I feel sorry for you if you DVR'd the game. Your recording just shut off with 5 remaining.
Not even kidding. My laptop's mouse just started squeaking. Can't make this stuff up, folks.
It feels like Rose is getting froze out tonight. Just my opinion.
About to be 's exactly overprotective bf... I can't let this heaux leave Rochester without me! Lol
RT - reggie bush signed wit da dolphins cuz kim kardashian got that store in miami...
Seriously, I'm afraid he's gonna lead an expedition to the Field Museum any time now… i KNOW he has crowbars...
no way!
It's been more than 216 hrs and your care manager hasn't responded to the DM you told me to send.
How can i get copy of latest mag. My daughter is #8 UC LAX player & pix is inside
The work hard play hard radio version is pure comedy
n you FEMALES confuse us sometime ! yall dont know never what yall want !") lol
Buy our "Listen Up" 7" at your local record store on Record Store Day - Saturday, 4/21 - and win a signed test pressing from !
Proud to take over the brand build-out for The Bell Group
Lmao. It's a joke. Lol
well so far you are not tweeting to often!! What's next? Enjoy, yourself!! LOL.
ugh, I beg to differ!
I've been a Mahomie for almost three months and since the first day I've been dreaming of you following me. I hope and NSN...*
thank you! Hope all is well
Thinking/worrying and up at night about post-high school options for my boy. Time to RESEARCH! Knowledge is power and a good nights sleep!
Stop in your local or to make a donation to - your local
It's true: submitting your dissertation to your committee feels pretty good. Next steps: a defense on June 12, and final upload by July 13.
oh yoou should so pick mee ! ;D
and will accomplish many more my dude
Gonna find my baby gonna hold her tight gonna grab some afternoon delight
alright rick might as well just watch the game close to central park so you're close.
is very duct tape happy tonight..! My brother isn't going to know what hit him ;]
me too, I get super confused in the running shoe area
never been kissed. BOOM.
“: hello! lets be best friends?! yes? ok!” Woo! Yes! First new friend:p
follow back
Too tired to go out anywhere...its something i really want..smh can't have it lol
The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everybody.......T.H.U.G.L.I.F.E
Q6: A "how to find scholarships" workshop, a "how to find internships", program that highlights part of the non-fiction collection
I just punched a wall I was laughing so hard #toomuchemotionfinch #invisiblekittendropkicker?
haha that ones cute!! U never know if it will if ya dnt try :)
el em aye oh.
I know right? Too bad the actual article is behind a paywall. I feel famous by proxy!
too bad wasn't aborted
Book signings: Bottom line. Be grateful and gracious. You'll have fans for life.
Robin Roberts: "Who are you wearing?" Somebody, please! "I thought I washed all of that off..."
People need to keep my freakin name out they mouth. People in flint ain't got nothing better to do than lie and gossip about people
Bout to go to this Blazer Game Section 5 court level. Yuckin! ...
Will the #Knicks make any deals tomorrow?
Finally back at IU with KJB
Brian Volpe, CMO of hubspot says its bad move for B2B firms to abandon blogging for other social media. Not as rich. Amen.
Edge sucks big time<U+E337><U+E337>
thanks I'm officially hungry now
Even though the Spurs are up 8, it might do them good for Tony Parker or Danny Green or both to turn up their offense in the third quarter.
can i just have all my old friends back...
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here
ah I forgot about
“: My lips are burning. #italiansteakfriday” gettin it done
i want to know why do people text you to aruge LOL. thats the craziest shit, don't you think it would be better to talk it out? WTF is bff?
Wow. One of those glorious mornings we only see a handful of in New England. #getsome !
new updates at www/wearebugginout.com feat.
Can you get me a list of Obama delegates who were on those ballot petitions?
on two occasions
Congrats on WH Tweetup. Now back to real life, huh?
Here at the Alexandria Film Festival. Good group of folks. Great group of films.
I hate the commercial of that girl who asks Siri "is that rain?" and Siri says "yes, it's raining". BITCH GO LOOK OUT A WINDOW.
I am a friend and we did it in a notebook and already take picture and edit it and and the public!! Thank you<U+2665>
HOUSTON - 7pm at RICE, 8pm Food Not Bombs, 9:30 Avant Garden. Houston u have a lot of cool options for a MONDAY night!!
Wow! You go Meryl!!
Looks like I missed all the fun!
why am I sitting at toll booth with the window closed while your employee chats on her mobile?
ooh sounds awesome :D and well, just got up xD
Post budget on Facebook! Superintendent Salaries not cut this year! Cartmenez agree with Superintendent about open information
My impatience will be the death of me.
thank you <3
oh feel better soon :(
Slave to others
then do both, man. Aim for the moon. Even if you miss you'll reach the stars.
Why don't you just text me instead of hoping that I do...
Today's Soups: French Onion, Clam Chowder, & Chili
Thanks so much for this performance! I found it particularly moving to Bach in English. Is possible to purchase a copy of it?
is grant speaking at a church tomorrow in Austin? Would like to know in order to hear him speak. :-)
That moment you see ur sister cryin over some lil boy!!!":/ ufff guys these days
John Crawford talking about Polly Montoya's piece on the West Mesa murders in the ABQ Almanac, pub'd by Mandy Gardner
Got the weekend off.
Watch Donald Trump host the next Republican debate, then watch your TV spontaneously combust.
Yes! Love me some Peached Tortilla. RT Have you ever had the Banh Mi sliders from ?
Really hard to take the #Orioles serious with that weak cartoon bird and white-foam looking panel on their caps.
you would retweet my big time rush tweet lawlz
When does work this week!?
You haven't tweeted about how blessed you are recently.. i love you!
Me Being Sick Has Been Depressing D:
or do what I do and drive through the ipass and pay online!
even they look happier,and there like 12 yrs old?...walk of shamee
Anyone wanna help me get more followers? I follow back! I'll do you whatever favor you want in return :) x
Playing waldorf Maryland tonight hoping to meet some awesome people !
Seminar and Testing April 22nd through 23rd of April <U+0096> Czech Republic
Happy Thursday! Yes, I do my own tweets! Getting ready for lunch soon :)
Haven't listened to J.Cole since that Celebrity All star game. After seeing him play ball I felt like I was lied too
aww not just yet - but in a few doe
do u want to be friends
Mother of pearl. Pooped out but now must exercise with the Kinect. Those squats are cruel to my muscle-less leggies.
Dear guy Thts hitting on me right now while I'm postn this.. U c I'm on brake tryn to eat LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!! (shows him my post)
It would be pretty sweet.
I'll take Megan Fox 1 million percent! Angelina is overrated.
Link! Where and when?!
wishing you were live-tweeting from PBP tonight! This is insanity!
Sony Masterworks Releases Debut Album By London's West End Star Ramin Karimloo - MarketWatch (press release)
LOL thanks for responding, looking forward to using it once things are up and running.
got new swatch books for Mohawk Options and superfine
I bet you'll never see this tweet, so you'll also never know how much I love you. Happy Mothers Day xoxo
RT Uh, isn't Dulles in VA? Agreed it is great, great architecture. It needs someone to champion it.
Hey - Why is it that other users can be helped within an hour, and I'm still unable to download apps?
my notifications never load... Been that way for days.
Bauxite isn't as much fun as guano
RT : looking for ESL material creators. Does anyone know anybody that makes ESL worksheets or lesson plans? Plz tweet me, ...
Well thank you back Martin!
Back on it...
When People Start Dating And Say They Love Each Other The First Day They Start Going Out . . .
No problem- very interesting paper on a subject I've thought about more and more re: teaching history.
no long hair isn't always good
I'd love to help u by taking one off ur hands.
What do you think that kid looks like now?
You should be ashamed of yourself. She was always there for you no mattee what. Ugh.
A- Adorkable R- Rejoiced I- Incredible A- Amazing N- Nice A- AllThis<U+E22E> Lol:)
Still up.... Its 4:00 not sleepy at all!! :))
my goal is to get buff and get a hard defiened 6 pack b4 skul starts nxt year im gona do it;)
Consider evaluation as a foundation. Don’t wait until the end to see what happens, but use it all along. -Marty Pottenger, Art at Work
oh well what u got planned
Wht makes u mad u should sty away frm what makes u sad u should dismiss n what hold u bk u should overcome #self motivated
um ya get it together, we been playing tbhis gam forlike 3 days now,oh, probably didn't know it was me
The harder you cry, the better the onion.
#RVA, we hear there are new developments today in the #Trayvon Martin Case? What are your thoughts?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
Where can I find agency business development folks..? Suggestions appreciated
happy to host. it's looking warm but potentially rainy: we can check back Tuesday to make a final decision. :)
Thanks, Jade! Much love! Countdown to on-air tales of #prom mortification! And, you know, good parts, too.
Definitive proof I’m a bad listener: My voicemail just hung up on me.,
I took my bruises, took my lumps. Fell down then I got right back up.
I wanna go to the park today, it's beautiful out <U+E04A><U+E04A>
i'm going to reward myself for making great progress on my fitness goals by watching the princess diaries. then maybe playing some zelda.
thanks for the link. I gotta check that out.
I have 4 friends being induced tomorrow. Now I know why no one would do that labor day pub crawl with me. Babies!!
Got all images over to developer yesterday. Now they can finish the Alpha version. As soon as I see it, I can post pics.
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide x4
brb being a cyber bully
The Frommers are in the house!
Anyone wanna talk?
lol you silly goose
not feelingg good :/
it'll be cool to text you and talk :) if your down
I'm over you. You're off my timeline. Farewell. (:
need anymore info I'm yr guy. Name is Dan. Huge Duck fan. Quack!!!!
oh how I've missed you #survivor, love it.
ayoo what happen on da block
Get you tickets NOW The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra & Chorus Fall Concerts “unjustly neglected masterpieces" 10/15 Santa Fe -10/16...
Temple Run is such an addicting game !!!!
Sleep well Twitter World! Going to be sunshine the rest of the week.
Time change is rediculous. It's 12:40 am here lol. Time for bed<U+270C>up early for rehearsal and shows
of course we can have that group pic! Are you coming to FoCoMX this Saturday?
My prankster? , My bad guy? Jason McCann. My rapper? Shawty Mane. My Doctor? Dr Bieber. My inspiration? Kidrauhl.
Grain: mashing! -- with shockingly little drama.
Totally out the box 360 degrees!!!
nice job at the race!
Shooting a music video today!!! Gonna have a sick looking rig for sure :) great song great message, can't wait for its release!
Sounds like the best week ever to me.
Ref's need to learn the game before they become a referee
Spotify or Pandora? What's your preference?
Received my NRA show pass today. It will be an excellent weekend. (Restaurant not rifle!)
Tigers are going to get busy- B-I-Z-Z-Y kinda bizzy in NY.
So...Do you think I will be able to catch a wave today
Yeah, there are MILLIONS of male rape survivors, many who were brutalized repeatedly is U.S. prisons. I fail to see the humor.
I can say Dean, friend who brought cookies, got a hug for his kindness to two busy ladies during open house
its gone cost ya a gallon too..
has the cutest touchdown butt.
Band trip tomorrow
Anyone following me attend the Middle East Comic-Con in Dubai? I really want to go next year. Tell me about your experience there.
Thanks for the follow Happy Hump Day!
i don't like what they did to john cena ethier
Sleep schedule is seriously messed up.
We are #hiring! UG Designers of all expertise levels! Send resumes to
Let's make a movie about #marypoppins and #Bert's secret love affair...
At #csw4 for I'm working on a dynamic priced driver service when you can't drive your car. Give us a follow!
i was actually on the phone with Lydia when i met
when are you putting up these videos from Friday
I can't believe Steve Jobs has passed away. He was truly an innovative genius that I greatly admire... that we should all admire.
Everyone has a story of how they made it to #Austin. Markus came via Germany, Boston and New Mexico before settling here.
Make it 3 miles. Should be good and sore tomorrow.
Chillin in the backyard with the boys
Hey I think your account is compromised. Pretty sure people only talk about butterflies around me.
The 4Rs of Creative Commons - reuse, redistribute, review, remix.
Why must it be so windy??!?
That doubt takes a swing at me everyday, man. The way i see it, i just gotta slip and counter...
I miss Tony Snow
Morning folks! Happy Sunday! Go get some inspiration, motivation and determination! Godizluv! Peace!
slide on me big dog when I get outta class
Wow. #Bills hang on, but it sure wasn't pretty. 31-24 game over.
Massage-a-Thon today from 10am-4pm at the East Madison Community Center. 15-min chair massages for $10 and 30 min table massages for $20!
Remote Conductor has climbed into the top 20 Paid iPad Utility Apps this weekend!
KingMan would you do some new jingles for the radio show: "R.U. IRIE" link we @ more details.RED ROSE
Tahiry's latest press release has been posted - www.gseagroup.com
#SOX just blew it, calls for another drink! Faaauuk!
I'm a mindreader
woke up early so I watched GossipGirl and OhMyGosh!!!!!!!! DID YOU GUYS WATCH LAST NIGHT'S EPISODE?!?
Thanks. Looking 4wrd to chking you out! RT : COOL WINE spot in SD >>>
HEY DUDE WASSUP?
What da fuck. My dogs don't wanna cuddle. WELL BITCH I WANNA CUDDLE SO GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE.
same here. All day long. Wtf
Every relationship is as unique as every individual. Same rules dont always apply
Nah, Coach McCarthy would have all tight ends on reserve list :)
If you live to be 100, I want to live to be 100 minus a day so I never have to live without you.
So.. I'll have Wi-Fi & I can work on my pix & vids at night when insomnia keeps me up all night! Haha (:
Meat raffle!
I have two dirt bikes in my basement. Let's go make our own episode of
Just blinked
#RayAllen puttin on a shooting clinic as usual !
Luckily, thanks to our PLN, it feels like we're all pushing that rock together.
Not even close...
yes child I learned it when we was broke down lol
$5 selected pints from 4-7pm Come by after work for some drinks.
I'm going on a fair date tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lola=my hero.
Talking #Abq wordpress meetup group #wordcampabq, community calendars, city apps and more
I hope she gets a question about it daily, with cameras rolling...
What's up bird
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro. Buy C stock. Buy GE
Human Performance and Physical Education!
I voted! Did you?
What did everyone do for fun before the World Wide Web?
Why not try a temp agency? Lots of those jobs turn into perm positions.
I am so happy for your #nextstep - will really miss you, you and Jessica turns me to wisc-tv as go to channel
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. Robert F. Kennedy<3
Khalil looks like Jeff Saturday
thank you peeps- got some good ideas for my project at Occidental. esp. liked chatting with and folk
T1 My non-CHC org is starting with Twitter. Seems like an easy way to test the water. (I run our account)
True that. RT Having a plan, even a flawed one at first, is better than no plan at all.
#GLEEprom I'M GONNA CRY. :'( and the worst part is, I don't even watch Glee....
Spent the day listening to the Tech Chicks on my iPod...You guys rock. ;)
I wanna watch Zenon the Zequil or however you spell it
Chile's CMPC Curtailed Newspaper Output on Power Costs - Bloomberg
Ohh this has gotta be the good life <3
PLUM is looking to fill a junior account position. If interested, please e-mail .
Cartoons weren't always better in the 90's, we just only really remember the good ones. Also, some cartoons are amazingly good today.
Thanks 4 stopping by! #cheese “: Hangin w booth. I need more cheese in my life! Baked Parm crispiness!
oh boo hoo! stop being so dramatic
Swetra retained attorney Stephanie Ovadia to represent her in the case -- but, so far, no lawsuits have been filed
You know what we do is wrong
Right on!
All of the #Packers rookies must have just woke up.. they all posted with 2 mins if each other lol.
And I've gotta bootleg stream of the Floyd fight, so the Internet didn't gip me either.
Upon finding "Chopped" on the hotel TV) J: "God, I hope this is a marathon."
“ oh gotcha when are we gonna hang out
the sky is filled with stars invisible by day. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo crack their knuckles
#donttalktomeif I'm nursing a semi cuz the picture of your mom is so hot...just sayin
Don't be mad that I'm doing ME better than you can do YOU... Quote to everyone who ever gets jealous of your success
Just copped my tickets for Paid Dues! Nipsey hussle, E-40 waters, Black Star, Bun B, and much more!! Xited!!
why do you think everyday of football?
Thanks John, I appreciate it.
How many days, in Seattle? I've got some time on the 13th after a breakfast meeting in Bellevue.
Hard to believe cost barriers to digital film preservation will persist too much longer, though (re: Schwartz)
he should look in contacts at top of list is her phone # & call it & leave message. She can access msgs remotely
sounds good!
I would like 2 announce that , is my new life coach & manager. He's only charging 2K mo. + 15% of gigs. That's good right?
Waking up early for this church bullshit. I really hate my mom for signing me up for this, i don't care about religion.
The XBox Kinect is EASILY the worst gaming experience I've ever seen. There is nothing more frustrating than watching my kids try to play it
Spice Girl Mels in argument on musical - NDTV
Nah mine: mint. Yours? #Chartreuse. : ah!!! Did we choose same color for #nails?!?! #gogreen!
I heard they were great in Feb at the 930 Club. I missed that show too. Shizzle.
I actually quit shortly after our last little adventure. Its nice to know that you've changed your ways...somewhat :P
Wet the bed... Chris breezy is on fire!
you and the kids are exactly what he needs most
lol I know right!! i got like 1000 mentions from people haha
feeling more unsettled than usual about the future of libraries.
Also, I hear there's a small chance we may see you out here in the Windy City for the Anti-Conference, is this true?
Late for #libchat. Hi, I'm Monique and I work for a college in VA.
Stop by DISC-IT Grill at 1st & Lomas for Small Business Saturday. Nevin is cooking up Fajitas Seasoned with my Green Chile Rub!
My laptop is broken? Uh is it saturday yet, I'm dying for Jamaica!
Let's see if he make it up
Power just went out
thats awesome! I will def let u know. Didn't take long to get that AL credit on imdb but of course they spelled my name wrong.Lol
Hope denzel crazy ass bring my review for spanish..
omg poor Jack! I bet the emergency staff just love you guys :)
Add my hott ass lady friend
Hospital good tastes so god
It don't matter where you're from... Haters stay haten.
Living right in the middle of shit town
Seriously, did ANYONE watch the SA/Utah series? Z. Doubt it. Most boring teams in the league.
yes, i know! with banana republic and old navy. I have to say though, they're up their w/ for custserv so far!
Ginger ale and gummi bears doe
5 more day until my birthday
I'm crying!
Thank you! I know I will love the shirt !
MT The courts are “Society’s Emergency Room” & play a special role in protecting least advantaged members of society.
RT : I can never tell gay and straight people apart. They all look the same to me.
You're welcome! Thanks for the feature!
i will baby do everything
Cautiously optimistic
Love the testimonials ! Great to see #mobilemarketing ROI at work!
u sexy ;) lol
- is this one of the interns you talk about on your website, or is this Brad Himself? ;-)
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : I don't believe in fairytales, but I believe in you and me.
I use to have a yorkie He was such a loving pet ! Pepe was a good guard dog also Lord help the person who touch me!
What'd she order - fish filet?
RT : Great thanks! Can't wait to hear what you have in store for Austin!
My room is trashed the ex is moved out It's time to move on and change things up that means a trip to the future store. 8D
Such a great FNO yesterday! If you missed it, no worries because today is the day, New York Fashion Week begins!
Happy Thurday! Outinchi loves you...thanks for all of the support! Party soon!
in los angelos
Wirh chloe, philip, and hannah!(:
not hanging on to the past are you? Lol
in the past, my fear of adding more stuff to the world impeded my desire to create art/> sharing my creativity is my calling
Sleep. U elusive mistress!
Thank you everyone for a wonderful opening night! We'll see you tomorrow for more Our House by Theresa Rebeck!
Scream - To be heard, like you needed any more attention
the haters win again in North Carolina - they must be so proud - projecting medieval values and spreading hatred - what would jeeeeeezus do?
grimes is the best !
ESPN projects the Red Bulls to finish 2nd in all of #MLS ..... dont know what to sat about that
Hey, thanks for the recommendation!
thank you iv been trying for a long time please follow it would make my year
Huggin Palm trees daily
The 1972-1973 Annual Report describes this donation as "The dead art for 'How to Play Better Football.'"
Thanks so much, I'm stoked! Looks like an incredible lineup.
A4 Anyone working for a big brand should watch what they tweet/post...especially about same industry!
The day I met with him, Petigru glanced out the window at those who gathered. "I rarely stir from my house," he told me.
Wow I'm surprised.
Headed to school. Hopefully the finals are easy:\
After a long break from twitter I am back! In the mean time I have been in pain, taking FMLA and I started my own business. What about you?
Had a long month
Great Video Lessons from Great Teachers from
You gotta watch the morning news/shows when your showering in the morning. This last one for the back deck maybe overkill.
Albus Severus Potter. That is all.
First track meet tomorrow. AH! Kinda nervous. Dont feel well on top of it.
For all of our devoted #doughnut loving fans out there we have created a #KrispyKreme Hot Light App! Stay tuned for more details!
This being America, unruliness is patriotic. RIP, Breitbart.
now eat a whole box of froot loops dry
I should start a Yelp for frozen dinners. I just had the nastiest frozen fish from
This doesn't answer my question. If we are not the same, WHAT are we? None of what you stated here validates what you said.
Guess I'll catch up on SNL before mad men starts. Or read. Yay for a quiet night. Might not make it til 10. Meh.
ah I love her!! Congrats! Morgans cute!!
Yeah it's one of those nights.... If you don't like it. I'm one click away (unfollow bitch)
FYI, Shep Smith just used one of Jonah Goldberg's liberal cliches: wrong side of history. This is because Shep is awesome and doesn't care.
Congrats on the booking! Are you in a new play?
Hold on to your hat! It's windy out there. Careful folks.
I just heard a 5th grader say, "Chess is how I get my anger out."
the brush expands
If you don't like at least one Mac Miller song, there is something wrong with you...
I won't vote for anyone for president who can't show that she has the skills to govern not just play party politics
oh ya know, a couple of these a couple of those.
its funny how u like someone then u start to hate them because they are forever fake and they know it!!!!!!!
- yes it is good food
Fact: freshmen boys drive me insane. (but I love em) #seven days
Excited to be buying local greens for kitchens from our friends from their new greenhouses in Roxbury.
Welcome to the club...;?]
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
it is too difficult to use lists and not possible in the Mobil App... Please improve! Easy to add People I follow to list!
i miss you guys too<3 and are you serious?! ): i'm gonna cry. study hall was our thing :\
“: November is going to be an expensive month for gamers #$$$$” So true!!!
Good morning FB and my Tweet peeps!!
I wish everyone could have heard the boffo lecture on urbanism, nature, food, Madison, and democracy that just gave to #cnu19 bravo
Im a Lucky man to be surrounded by and on this flight <U+E01D>
you for the camel toe. What an amazing beer. Thank you, Mr. Cutler.
I love you. Everything will be okay! You should have checked me out tho!
thanks for the wonderful mention!
Oh beautiful woman in lavender on the adjacent treadmill, hair pulled back and laces neatly tied, will you be my valentine?
I was invited to a tour around Central de Abastos. What an impressive amount of colors and aromas! People run around doing business so fast!
of course! My new favorite - Flatt Limon - Flatt Cola and Bacardi Limon, tastes like sunshine...
thanks! Yes-brunch at Marvin. It was great.
oh yeaaahhhh! RT HOTTEST RECORD: White Rabbits. From Tweet to H.O.T. in hours. Thanks to you.
Tebowmania may not be over in Denver just yet. i am just tickled.
The Beach Boys do an acoustic version of "Surfer Girl" at the #Dodgers game
Putting 2gether a Team: "Craig, we're not looking 4 the best ones, we're looking 4 the RIGHT ONES!"- Herb Brooks, 80 OT!
youre in Wisconsin now. You have to watch the Badger game!
Le Toux scores the first goal of the season! Le Toux is the front runner for Golden Boot. he he he
my buddy Blacke is havin surgery :-( i miss him so much <3
Page w/ quote from Hansberry in Susskind bio presents her words in such a way that you would never know that they really didn't get along.
do you have a gmail address?
Wade's statline hasnt been done in 15 years
so... I just followed u
Obama more flex after election w HIV 109 lb body. Bend over kiss ass goodbye. Head up ass, can do it
ohh dude me too.. definitely.
Really glad not to be on Facebook; here, will only hear about Harry Potter incessantly if I choose to. And since I hate HP, I choose not to.
In bed at 6:00 am. Shuts eyes for five minutes. Wake up, its 7:55. In class at 1:00. Shuts eye for five minutes. Wake back up, its 1:02.
OK...put your serious face on and answer: Is Tiger going to win a tournament this year???
followed,follow back. :)
Just saw a PTS troll ticketing cars parked in campus spaces that are illegal to park in until 5:45, eight mins from now.
Everytime I hear christina aguilera's "beautiful" I think of Damien on Mean Girls getting hit by a shoe.
In churches chicken line. Impatient as hell. Hungry tho.
Blah blah blur to oomf
hahah i know right? who would ever want to leave CA. was there for 2 yrs before college in baltimore;
Wanna send a shout out to the Locura family n all the people that came to the shows. We r blessed to share the stage w you! Thnk you all!
Life would be boring as fuck if there was no music.
haha, loved it.
#lastdayofclass suck it.
Big things just went down. Even bigger things are about to smack PGH in 2012 and beyond.
You are such a hot Lesbian:)
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro. Stop by and get s ZICO!!
Excited for your party on Saturday! Cant wait to see my BFF Brayden too!
Brother of murder victim Delois Brown: "People talk about feeling angry... I feel lost. My family is gone. I have lost my family."
it lookslike the same color as mine :) hott
no I found out that when the videos coming out here, it's Friday in Australia. It comes out today here
yeah my mom asked me this morning if I wanted to go so since its only till 1 I just went
On my way home
Lunch meeting today with our Site Director at Dublin .... cheers, mates!
the only move of a pro franchise comparable in its heinousness to that of the Sonics, in the modern era, is the Browns.
I actually like One Direction. What the hell...
Starting the work day by reviewing a proposal to discontinue and associate degree at the campus due to low enrollment.
i followed her!:)
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limitations and challenges.
Are you consider about your Republican backers?
im listening!
1 of 5 things T is prioritizing is curation--"helping people find stories." 2 examples: Sendai & Oslo. Want to ask more
Just as Swished hit a grand slam Humber pitches a complete game.
It's hipster irony.
you still coming for or did I scare you away?
What time? Im bout to turn up now
:'( i tried lol. what's so bad about moving your booty around for 10 seconds at lunch lmao?
My teacher tells me to bring a book on the trip. I laugh and think why would I do that. I never read.
We wish!
Everybody's pissing me off today.
gotta pee again? That'll teach you!
Oscar Weekend was Amazing ...... I actually just woke up. My feet are busted...lol
Thursday, Feb. 23 145pm Derby County vs Leicester City 2pm Manchester United vs Ajax
If U enter #Streetfixradio on the search U see 11 names and that's just the tip of the iceberg.I'm a let tell ya wuts next
r u alive?
whats up coach? ;)
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy. What right have we then to depreciate imagination. - Carl Jung
facebook for dead people - relationships among old authors
Thunder up!
If you only owned a mirror. A mirror that could show you what you are on the inside.
until sunday! :)
I gotta shoot some moves today
God hates lifelong monogamous gay married couples but loves Newt Gingrich.
With milk duds! RT i want some popcorn
ha! I should.
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this <3
Come get wild at tonight at Stephen Talkhouse tonight at 8 in Amagansett, NY! benefit for Mark Schmitt, playing with James Ryan & 40' Saints
Name change and song coming soon... like today.... like as soon as I can sort out this hurricane of social media. Get pumped.
Still hungover damn
I've been married almost 15 and ditto! I'm sick of government sanctioned discrimination and bigotry.
Just read a great article about in Tulsa People. Thanks for all you do JB.
you're just NOW following me?! Hahaha jk!!! :)
I'm pretty sure I follow you on Pinterest just so I can cackle to myself while reading your hilarious captions.
Packed house for launch event at Indulge! 20 wonderful ladies signed up as Founding Members! Stay tuned for our Feb. event!
In order to get myself out of bed lately, I have to repeat how many days of school we have left.
ORTIZ OR MAYWEATHER????
0F C0URSE WE KN0W THAT RT y`all sitting right next to each other y`all know that right?
Every time I watch Chris Brown perform, I get annoyed. Why must he ALWAYS lipsync?
I'm doing wonderful! New job, new place...how about you handsome?!? I miss you!
Kobe traveled his as off lmfao took like 5940326789504 steps before he dribbled
Papi, almost, but the walk keeps the outs down at least,,,,,,,let's go RBI time
So Kanye is dropping a new movie next week....Watch that movie be garbagely artistic & his stans would claim its the best thing ever
How is London town?
appreciate you spreading the word about our articles emily!
Halloween Weekend Coming Up!!! Who has the best costume ready for this year??
Okay Idk about the morning but i will for sure send them tomorrow
For the record, Hipsters don't do things "before they were cool," they do things that were cool either 30 or 100 years ago.
Camera Time: Ready your subject for a shot: either pic or vid. Call them the wrong name & see what emotional response you can capture.
Hm...I think its CLEAR the #RHOA do NOT like each other
A very cool infographic about #Hackathons from the team. Who's going and why?
Why you askin all them questions tho?!!
future - neva end
RT : Hit up > at < for web designs!! They created www.djchino.net
Fair enough, but checking in bags is a suckfest, and more people try to bring on bags since they started charging for check-in.
Always stay on ya grind
why then i could creap hehehe your in fayettville right now
We are open for dinner tonight 5pm-7pm for the events in the Arena!
let's set it up!
Monica's prayer request from her slum home in Marurui. ”Please praise God, he has brought you here ,he has answered my prayer.”
Good morning Chicago, stop in for $16 bottomless mimosas! Vitamin C and alcohol, even your doctor will approve
If u love Art please follow my other account to check out some art. Thx:)
Unfortunately it comes with sharp little teeth!
From City PD- two men shot along W. North Ave; Officer arrived, fired shot, hit no one. Suspect got in car w/ another man and drove off
My frickin 3 yr old pinched my love handles today and called me "Fat & Sassy", now that calls for a major time out!!!!
Bad internet connection?
He literally was laying on the sidewalk and pedestrians had to step over him. At first I thought it was a social psych experiment.
Being a vegan.... healthy or not. Tweet me back your answer...and your reason in 140 or less
HAHAHA I miss being a nightmare ;(
Hi JWM All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
"The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it." Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Spending this beautiful day on Roosevelt Island!
Lovely weekend. Got to see lots of excellent ppl, got a good run in, and made serious progress on the garden.
haha yea, there are 4 in the CMs! me, LA, Paris, and the 2nd SF community manager. :)
Moving to Estonia. 4.5 months of maternity leave sounds about right
Say Somethin was amazing. Who agree's?
TIM WELKE MUST HAVE MONEY ON THIS GAME
Had to completely reset my phone...but I got amazing new apps so it feels like a brand new phone :)
oops. sorry.
I'll look into the LLD conference program. Short answer: I don't know, but I will check.
Stay focused.
I'm coming I want some cookies!!!
Please let me know when you begin casting your next film...b/c I really want to be in The #HungerGames sequel.
- great "nice" article i LA casting newsletter.
Yikes. Just got an 800 word email from trying to rebut . Not one link until the P.S. They must be scared.
What Happens When You Walk Away from your home
Found help but thank you so much!!
$60 satellite today 12pm for Sunday $500 that can get you a $4900 package to the Battle in Aruba!
at least matt hunter follows u:( he doesnt follow me:'(
Inception wordpress slideshow editor...an editor with in an editor-
Keep ur creative tweets coming #music, #voice #dance, #scripts, #concerts,
so glad you could join us and that the Twitter team already has a NASCAR fan!
Cleaning my room and dancing/singing to Crazy But True 143
I had a dream I was a cast member of , I was in charge of keeping Max & Caroline from overspending
Sassy @ Arnold's Feb. 17. Come hang!
stupidity is not a defense.
RT : Culture is meant to be viewed through the lens of the Bible. Not vice versa. God's Word trumps my culture, every time.
#WeWontWork if you keep hiding the truth
“: Like our chances Sunday night with Woodley and Harrison probably out #revolvingdoor #Ravens #SteelerWeek” we will see
Huge thanks to all who attended the Gold Crown Art and Film Fest last night!
Recommend training now C is strong, the health & fitness champ of our family. Should have seen her face when I told her=)
thaks for the follow
better get lots of rest and take a preemptive exedrin. NO MIGRAINES TOMORROW! I won't allow it.
Protesters against the liberal media are already gathered at the Hilton ready with posterboards.
If you're eager, don't bother.
His girls need lunch money for school and filed trips fees.
Why u not sleep
Just walked out of Walgreens with a buncha beers, homeless lady asks for one, I oblige. She didn't have a bottle opener :-/
Full house for DETROPIA at blue note false
League of Women Voters debate today live on Metro Cable 14 at 2:00
Hello Sweetheard how are u ?
Jennifer Aniston Scouts Out Wedding Locations In Crete
Indiana GOP Senate Debate is live on #CSPAN tonight at 7 pm ET.
Leave me go where you belong. Higher heels and lipstick napkins dying is your latest fashion!!!!!!!
Last night u was shaking ur ass in the club but now its sunday and u want to get on your knees and pray......
See you there!
haha I have to use the job aide directions every time
May the fourth be with you
At least you were in your own car. Yesterday I tried to open someone else's!! Nearly died of embarrassment.
. I purchased a pair of sandals I saw on just last night.
Taping the debut episode of Waveform today with and Have an audio engineering question? Ask the pros!
Justin bieber is still a cutie ;)
School. The only place to smell sweaty armpits and ass.
I hate this fucking week
I can't wait to graduate and get the fuck out of here
Oh noes! I like that show. RT “: So it seems that #TheKilling is in trouble, ratings wise. Yikes.
if only, if only the wood pecker sighed... -alexis
I'm crippled! Omg my hand. Wtf I'm an idiot -____-
I hate guys why do they always have to lie and call girls fat!!:/
#sorrynotsorry guys ;; if you're going to #cheat, atleast
Go to bed.
My back kills
Oh, and my #readathon stack is more than 2x as large as my TBR shelf...
i am the female weezy
Now that's sweet!
CBB Fest IV descends on the on 1/21/12 with a bluegrass megajam featuring David Grisman, , +more!
And so it ends! Goodbye Wysteria lane.
One of my favorites!
your pharmacy lines are huge again. I can't 20-30 mins. I would still love an answer to my question. Don't continue to ignore me!
Fort Apache and Tropicana. Mom says you'd love it! They have the cutest stuff, and their prices are pretty reasonable.
Swan Dive was a GREAT crowd on Friday. So, we're back on Wednesday with Sara Overall. Show starts at 9pm. See you then.
Let me know more about your magazines. I'm writing a book about my adventures all over the world. Short travel stories/pics
Woah ladies! When the buns try to stab each other, the meat might get cut.
Prayers for the Pope's recovery.
Coach Jones & I were on it. What PVI did was special. Winning EVERY game in that conf. will stick w/the kids a long time
Ok, so he has a super teeny tiny ulcer - size of a pin head - a little more antibiotic eye ointment time!
What's good FAM... How's things going with your CD Release?
lol yeah ms lisa picking me up -_- I wish u could've been at class last night it was so funny. lol
Probably the most fun I've had watching baseball in a longtime. Baltimore could use real playoff baseball.
Aw, you're sweet. ^_^ I'd love to meet up if you make it out here!
you know I do ;)
Malerie, I've got exiting .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Love that last bit about moose coming into town from the mountains to avoid the snow. Makes it sounds like they're on holiday!
While waiting on I seem to notice we might be the only two people in this building not going to the #Royals game today. Bummer.
wow what agreat set with Wade falling out the whole time from that kidney stone from earlier this week- WHAT A F*KN TROOPER! No Clue kik ...
KBPI's Willie B and Missy are giving away Motley Crue tickets at 6:00 AM tomorrow morning @ CMS!!! Come and check it out!
when is your procedure? excited? keep us in the loop =)
Your welcome...sure will :)
I get on twitter and all I see is tweets about Justin Bieber getting slimed haha #KidsChoiceAward .
wahoo! Love it when storytellers get to tell (at least some of) their stories!
inspirational: Gov LePage of ME:"Now that I'm governor of Maine, there's nothing left to steal". Ladies, start your engines. please. soon.
2015: When the US and China will reach parity in manufacturing costs if trends persist (productivity, currency values, etc)
Terrible news for #Longhorn fans, Fozzy Whittaker tore his ACL and MCL Saturday against Missouri & is out for the season.
name a spot.
new to Android but it looks like the Sensation has a leaked ics rom that has working camera can we use those drivers on the inc2
BIEBER AFTER DENTIST "is this gonna last forever?"
Haha I know you call a bathroom a "lou" (assuming you're from the UK). What do you call the others?
Open today from 830am to 4pm.
just traded street lol
HEY BIEBER HOW U BEEN HOW WAS IT FOR U IN 8TH GRADE TOMMARO IS FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL AND AM GOING TO BE IN 8TH GRADE WAS IT HARD
Last night went GREAT! thanks to everybody who came! We enjoyed your company :)
I've been through it too. After the second time I started speaking out and standing up!
These people really towed my car. OUT OF MY RESIDENCE. I'm bout to show out.
jorge: Now in Kemah. Trying to get over the bridge. Police checkpoint. We just got past. Top of the ridge. one photo and come back he said
just finished an onion bagel and cream cheese and latte at coffeeshop so that I could get their password to get online. I feel like a sucker
I think that is Steve.
My mistake- got two. Though has four. Impressive.
Going over today's meeting. Contemplating schedule arrangements (have to factor in growth). :)
Retweet this for a shout out for my 2,000th tweet! Roll Tribe!
guess what? Today i turned 20! (:
Just Me and My Beats by Dre
hahahaha I'm not MIA anymore but was doe for a bit hahaha
try out SBSChicago this weekend and we will give you $15 off your cut (773) 252 - 9522 :)
#OMGrandeGame Singing in the rain
Wish I at least had a 10th planet shirt on.
#ChildHoodMovies Nemo and the lion king :)
lets get awkward!
Boston Loves what you do!! Your the funniest guy and should get your own show! Keep up the good work! Follow back Boston?
sure I'd love to!
Thanks for the #FF! :D
follow your heart
I will be on the Bill Buckmaster Radio Show at noon. Kvoi, 1030am. Join us.
I hate when my mom is telling a story and says something wrong. just let me tell it.
I wanna dye my hair should I go lighter or darker?
loved the video...
Finally got to see the avengers
MT FTCs David Vladeck:For the mill of peep that bought Skechers toning shoes, the only thing that got a workout was their wallet.
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
SERIOUSLY!! I heard it at like 3am. lmfao like what the hell makes that noise...imagine if it really was a wild monkey
I am love with the idea of dodo transport, and promise that it is worth the wait!
-April, I think. I'll ask 2nite @ and get back to u. Feel free to join us 7pm Memorial Hall, Blanchette Park, St. Charles.
@ #PRIMAL Saturday Celebrity Heat ft. performing #CashingOut 960 Spring St. Downtown ATL
My pleasure, Jim. Happy to do so.
check ya DM! :)
“: cried because I met Fleury and she hasn't #clurproblemz” ABBY YOU KNOW IM IN LOVE WITH HIM!!!!
Accepting your hug and raising you two! Thanks.
Love it! At first I thought it was a scooter patch jacket.
RT Making a mistake is the best way to *really* learn something. Have patience for the mistakes of others - we all make em!
I think I know too.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at AREA 31
Ironically, if you win, you won't be able to Tweet from there.
Just got an email from #Bailey's saying Mom's Eat Free for Mothers Day. My guess is it will be full of poor people who hate their moms.
Doing some BIG BIG THINGS!
Georgia tech did it a few years ago
awww well maybe a different day... Can you tomorrow? Like at 7 or something? I have service hours for school during the day
lmfao omg baby stop
thanks girl!! I love it :)
best weekend ever <3 last week of school this week :)
i really want to come to your show tonight with a friend of mine!! do i get 2 tickets for my RT... :) that will make me smile
Found out what my calling is!! =)
That #BrianBrigade is a very smart man indeed.
What Did You Get Your Mom For Mothers Day ?
OMG Barry flipping Gibbs is here, he looks so young. I just want to touch his chest.
Sent a DM!
hey, Ben. Thanks for following.
Have Dinner for Schmucks loaded up on my Ipod to watch tonight, in case I need comedy relief in case there is a L
My stolen internet be straight buggin'.
it should count more, don't you think? They can make a new "keeping your sanity" requirement.
@ RevRunWisdom, Very true. Praise is wonderful. Mark Twain said that he can go two months on a good compliment.
Pandora is playing some epic songs right now! My my my
Today: take an action with
My uncle always leave our house smelling straight dog ass and feet! That's rude.
Dan! Can't believe you didn't talk to me bcs I'm fat. Lol. Srsly, thght I saw YOU in Sher lobby on Wed but didn't say so.
Fire up those Denon's! Time to go to work! On our way downtown.
no phone till further notice yay me -_-
wow, then I must be pretty far down on that pedestal. Lol.
I've been to every divey Chinese restaraunt in Lodi. Why do I do this to myself every Tuesday?
Ignore the bs and let it fade away....
Going to go see the Avengers today
#iCantBeTheOnlyPerson NOT WANTING A PLAYBOY BUNNY FOR EASTER..
Damn, I always thought libraries prevented piracy, not hurt revenues.
10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will, 5% pleasure, and 50% game.... and 100% reason to remember the name(:
OMG your so pretty n cute that's all yours
Yay to you! I'm pretty sure I hooped and hollered a little when they called your name.
Turns out the collectors edition art book from Mass Effect 3 has tons of spoilers and straight up tells you who the last boss is.
now that's true enough!
could you make the groups searchable from your Community tab? Too many are using ! to get first listing, which is a bit useless. :)
Don't let the money make u until u've made enough.
monday suck!! i can't wait till this week to go on i have alot thing to do and jobs interview and nascar weekend yay yay
": “: 3 grand essentials to happiness in life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope 4!
Tap and hihop were suprisingly boring tonight. Mehhhhh dont feel like being back at schhhooollll
aww thank you (:
I love yal so much cant stop listening to ALL OF YAL FROM MARISSA IN FLORIDA
Oh I see. It's part of his character background. It takes him FOREVER to get to work.
HE DID NOT DO SUCH A THING....
Up on the roof: revamps 's roof bar & cafe re-opening May 18 w breakfast lunch wknd brunch cocktails &
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithShorts Tyler Perry's: Madea's Big Happy Shorts
yea i was waiting the other weekend too man cause i thought we shooting some videos
the offense will be a machine m the defense will look like it used too under chief I think, attacking n more agressive
A newyawka -- good! Be nice to each other...
What are your big takeaways from #SXSWi?
I am so wound up all the time but sit still. Hoping you aren't in pain based on your reply!
Sure, I'm new to the scene but excited to get started! Check out !
yeah for your mom when her kid gives her fashion advice:-)
I'm doinq my best girl... so you still single?
whatever. You know you loooovvvvveeeee Mr. Berry
Merry Christmas week from HT-LA! Stop by this week to bronze up before the Holiday! Normal hours thru Thurs, closed Fri & Sat.
Crazy world we live in smh
Who wants to go to wings etc tonight!!
I think I feel like doing a little
WOW internet is so incredibly slow. I need to go back to AT&T.
Farm to Flight at #SFO gets customer experience. I pay with a credit card upfront and people in back know my name. Not necessary, but nice!
lol, "all mater guys/girls" thats anyone in every school.
and what's your site for your twitter business?
Long night tonight. I'm so far gone
Special thanks to all of you that came by on Friday evening for the Holiday Stroll
the search for a new apartment kicks off today! has been a revelation so far
he is a first round early second guy...just fits better then the other 2 in their schemes
tweet me ? c:
New month, new fitness goals - get started today at Studio 4 Fitness! What are your fitness goals for November?
Last night's story was 's
I coach my clients to do the things that bring them joy or to rediscover fun. Many of them don't know what that means.
But that's the fun part!
but how many times fo they gotta play it? I'm tired of seeing Otis dog out my man David Ruffin!
Hahah yes. RT : Most likely to be the only expecting mother in med school:
Don't wanna be here. Don't wanna go to work. I just want to be lazy
Thank you! It was wonderful having you as neighbors last night!
gabby got #verysick and #threwupeverywhere in my
Tom thanks for the RT! I look forward to sharing and learning more.
#DancerProblems Feet always hurting!
Just sent DCSP soundtrack to for Great Demo Review. Includes local SD artists Satanic Puppeteer Orch., Cabron, Jeph Preece...
Im in...give me a few to collect my thoughts...
Anyone have some tips on not being annoying while internet marketing your company? Anyone?
a speacil someone(;
oh hush, you are travelling all over the country, too! You've been to way more cool places than me!
Everybody needs to accept that email response times are subject to severe volatility.
Anyone know of great #3D #printing #vendors for events? Hit me up!
Lizbeth has the greatest stories.
fuckin Sandra where the hell u been?? its been like 80 years
I'll be traveling in Chicago! Could we try Monday afternoon instead?
See ya Devon Ebanks you freakin' loser!
We love you and our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Your mom was such a lovely woman.
Harry's homosexual is showing. hahahah.
Husband is out of town for a bachelor party...just ordered a large cheese pizza just for me :) catching up on DVR'ed shows
people suck
Trick question. That's because Truckasaurus is god.
Yw or you're welcome! Have a great day!
#Friendships in movie high schools are definitely not like friendships in real high schools.
I feel like a hypocrite telling everyone to stay strong when i'm the weakest person in the world.
....thank goodness you chose Bob Dylan. Your obsession with Randy Newman concerns me. :)
Here's to another year, another chance , another fresh start, another beginning
just wait till Borderlands 2. Looks amazing!
Thanks for the follow :)
Strive for excellence!
I stay up till 1am every night
Thank you so much!
what episode of Kickin it are you on?
What gives ? System update crashed my #DVR. Lost all recordings including my only copy of episode featuring yours truly.
Amen! RT : 25 years after its cinematic release, tonight I have discovered the pure brilliance of #ThreeAmigos! Comedy gold.
Does anybody use LinkedIn or Branch out? Im wondering if I should use it at all
HERE I GO
##FF , for EVERYTHING you need to know about relationship marketing and Facebook marketing - the Queen of Facebook!
He who denies all, confesses all.
Whoa, reporting #bryanstow exonerated suspect #GiovanniRamirez at #DodgerOpeningDay in box seats behind home plate. Wow.
Made a 98 on first final :-) I think it was the beach trip before that did the trick. Three more to go yay!
he'd started being suddenly and intensely cruel to me, both in person and online. it's a long story.
Why So Serious?
Take a shot for me
#EAv Thanks for the action on EAv
No relationship is worth hiding & if you have to hide to be happy, it's not worth having.
I've been so fuckin' happy lately that my cheeks are hurtin'.
Hot 107.1 the hottest station in Memphis
me neither that.place was so good dude
Looking for that special toy at very low prices? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Had to bite my tongue as dinner conversation turned towards the evils of meth. If the newspaper says it's bad, then it's bad.
Love a #lifestyle special getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Starting this Valentine's Day by leaving mine for a few days. :(
Thank you kindly for the RT an sharing our tweet with others! Glad you enjoyed the article.
JELOOOOOO! You made people think that I'm not a directioner because of that freak question! -________-
Get a massage (no, not that kind)
working on that right now :) shirts can be purchased shortly!
. unsubstantiated, but I'm guessing insurance fraud :-/
I was Louis-y.
True. What I like abt travel, in part, is how it highlights what we like/don't about home.
we have the same birthday day. So have a good one. <U+E405>
All Set to Go to Atlanta. 900 tickets sold already!
I've heard rumors Manda will be accompanying on the keyboard :)
- You should go to Lexington Market. It's one of a kind!
YAYAYAY IM THE THIRD PERSON gave a shoutout to in his new video:) thank
Come on up for the rising, Come on up, lay your hands in mine, Come on up for the rising, Come on up for the rising tonight
Really dont want to be here.
any chance you'll come to Moscow, Ohio?
From the sweetest wine, the tartest vinegar. ~ Portuguese Proverb
what I'm most excited of seeing at the KCA'S is seeing Big time rush win a blimp!!!!!!
shuttle no go will try again @ 1:10:22 AM Wednesday. C U Then abeachdude
fun :) happy birthday!
Thanks to all our exhibitors at this year’s C. Frank Webber. Attendees: This is your last chance to connect with them. Make it count!
is cleaning up Louis Israel Park today. Way to go team!
Morning Rockstars! > Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. - Samuel Johnson
Check out 's review of Room in Barracks Row. And she naturally included some anecdotes and her love of Old Bay.
n'awh thanks :')
do you have a map? because I just keep getting lost in your eyes..
playwriting / show producing conversing with theatre partner-in -crime
fingers crossed. I will sit my ass in a line the night before if that's what it takes. And you will too! You better!... ;)
Such a perfect song for to be singing on right now . Sitting and wiping away tears he deserves this
Which is more dumb, Gluten Free Beer or Black India Pale Ale?
truth be told love who you desire not just who desires you... Love has no color
We love ! A great resource for style and lifestyle.
good night, babe. With yo' fine ass that I'ma pounce in a few.
Caller says FAA doesn't need to do any new testing of electronic devices on airplanes since the Mythbusters already did it.
Preppin' complete. GBC initiate- twelve hours.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!! ;) #follow?
RT RT : DIGITAL HUMANITIES anagrams to MATH AIN'T LIES. I DIG.
Watch Netflix prove that content is king. New Arrested Development to debut exclusively on
Now we're blaming it on a hoodie? Let's smash this crazy stereotype. This is about trust. Trust your fellow neighbor.
Vegas Thursday w/ & the crew
Some people take the michael
Watching P.S. I Love You makes me want to marry someone Irish so much.... Someone find me Hahaha
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
Heard the SCBWI conference was a a blast! Thanks for tweeting highlights.
will Bianculli be wearing his finest Hawaiian shirt?
Not to mention the nightmare of a parking lot.
“: Olivia Newton-John ()—grand marshal of 2012 #Indy500 parade--- needs younger cmte to select these things
I'm on my knees praying for something, Hoping for a change <3
Did FB happen? RT : Speaking of #hologramnabors I think the only way we're going to make this work is Facebook group
COMMONS: There was a great debate among the developers on what platform to use for their project. Ultimately they chose Drupal.
I think you've noticed me once or twice. But haven't really talked before. I would talk to you but your always in line with all them girls
Yes, what said; & do these parents/nannies realize you are not childcare? & this is for their benefit, as well?
I'm wondering the person who invented milk...what were they doing with the cow in the first place???
Good afternoon, everyone. Any local bands releasing albums in the next few months? We'd love to hear them, even if just a song.
these wack ass rappers And Ratchet as trailer park trash on the stage Making me want to commit suicide
Jersey shore
Happy 128th birthday to your bubbly baby Coca-Cola
A friendship or relationship should be give and take and if they can't give any then they can take their ass to the curb
Meant Doleman..sorry about that..
A little bit of heaven, in a shell!
There are the stuck up pricks and than there are the rick girls, whos daddys buy them ever thing they want. Im nether... Thank god!!
I'm a big baseball fan, but I'd happily take the other stuff without the baseball. ;-)
Which I think that's how the whole song goes?? Noo? K.
Way to like guys Frische
Cool, using what hosting company?
How is your water intake so far today? Make sure you're hydrated or you'll be fighting an uphill battle all day. 1/2 body weight in oz!
Become a fan! www.facebook.com/madisonconcoursehotel
Im Searching For...#RealLove!
who let this thing sit in my spot?
On the bright side... since I don't have to save for a trip to New York I can go see BTR this summer! Still a lil bummed though.
Have a wonderful evening!
I think I've been cursed by the evil tiki god of traffic. Strange things keep happening during my commute...
Yes, bleak & accurate. Social networking is such a misnomer-- it's totally public narcissism.
Great! It's always a great time! See you then.
Don Draper looks more like a Disney prince with every episode. Betty is the perfect Evil Queen.
Yes, she does! I loved their outfits.
I'll be on BBC World News Hour Radio at 12:30pm PT today. Broadcasting live from deck of the the USS Midway on San Diego bay. Listen on KPBS
Lots of good plays by past players in the AFC game today...
This guy walks in class 30 mins late every meeting we only have 55 mins
We were glad to support night's Kirtland's Got Talent! Thx for being there! We love military families!
Holding a info session on our Athletes in Service Program. Date to be announced soon!
Ten miles from Pittsburgh. Go ! Only 7 hours to go, are debating if we'll drive straight through ...
don't let my loud cussing, hair pulling display of anger fool you - i really do enjoy being schooled by the crescent roll "open" tab.
Positive note: Julianne Hough, LOVE your black strapless gown! Thank you for bringing your A game.
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. – Robert F. Kennedy
Sure. What's your fancy?
American Chopper & Monster Garage ARE FINALLY collaborating! #HolyShit! I'm so watching it on Discovery...
I think Warner is speaking of the natural parental instinct of not wanting their kids to get hurt. He'll let'em play.
#top100lies nah i dont have paper
at work with the twins...MY BOSS & HIS BROTHER.
You're sexier than Jon Stewart.
me too
Totes hopes that I get this job.
close your eyes. visualize yourself surrounded in a deep blue calming mist, start with short breaths. take in the calm.
Wtf! The power jus went out then bak on! I have to wait 4 the computer to load
headed to cali.
Got mooned by an asian
So much Duke in Chapel Hill
Johnny Depp was house shopping in Peterborough, NH. Gotta love my hometown.
A drunk mind speaks a sober heart RT Apparently when I drink and text, any thought I have goes directly to my phone.ANY.THOUGHT
I want to welcome these new advertisers to Flagstaff Business News: New Frontiers, CollegeAmerica, Bank Of The West, Babbott For Supervisor
#SomethingIWillNeverForget My first kiss
We agree that parent involvement is so important. Enjoy the #saicon11 conference.
RT : [Reframe] Don’t think of it as casual sex. Think of it as… you’re helping your friend have an orgasm.
Wait~ theres a carnival going on :o!! And I'm going to be stuck at work? >:o
hahaha life is a game but with life itself!
2 Team LOCK - IONA MONEY-LINE TO CRUSH PURDUE AND V.C.U MONEY-LINE TO CRUSH SETON HALL . Mike Glover is a man against boys n Momo Jones !!!
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
no chance
yeah I already know about those. I always stay through credits on all Marvel films anyways
Congratulations to Jaylan Tucker! His first booking with MWM will be a print shoot for Western Union!
Ok, I give up. The nose what stop running. Over my dayquil high. Heading to the doctor so I can get a full day of work done.
Be precise in #business... rounding to the #dollar is noncents!
good lord, Paul mccartneys new song makes me want to get exploited for information by a sexy british spy in a Paris hotel.
thanks for the support!!!
I'm god, just living . wby
I'd like to say I was spring cleaning all day, but it feels more like summer.
please join team jackson. all mj fans please show love for the king. Follow me and god bless always
girl, interruted. i watched it in psych. i will never forget that movie.
Me, too, darling. But in that dress? DOABLE!! (says the staunchly heterosexual person)
Fruit on the bottom yogurt bothers me, It would be easier to mix if the fruit was on top
sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies. You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help.
Thanks Farmer Brown!! Have a good Friday... despite the sleep deprivation.
My goodness, Jordan Hill is terrible.
bitch sleeping iz for lame ppl elohel
thanks for the tip, will try that tomorrow as I'm sure he'll be there. :-)
Appreciate the follow, Dawn! Have to get you back on Rob C's podcast again soon... :)
Cool, thanks!
Good to see you at #CoSN12! Hope you had a great flight back
yea get it right hes the best analysis on #ESPN u a hater! The Packers have the best offense ever!! So watch yo mouth!!
Ah those were the days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
oh that sucks
Spent the last two hours of my life watching Vincent @ Riverside city BBall. Triggs twins are studs, so is MU recruit Burton
Thanks! We'll check it out after we return from the holiday weekend.
Why can't the news say today has been canceled go back to sleep
i'm voting, so where's my follow? c;
Oh you know we in there Freshlly Blunted too
Nat. "Nat. IQ" seems to be stand-in for developed economy. The real pattern seems to be geographic: Baltic and E. Europe.
"...take lots of pictures and meet lots of gorgeous men with yummy accents." My friend wishing me well on my trip to Italy. Funny girl:)
caramel color in soda & cancer - Who/what to believe? Beverage makers self-interest to say otherwise, but are they factually wrong?
Working on our new logo...anyone have recommendations for agraphic designer?
Devoured Born Wicked by this wknd. Prob should've been doing hw but am more concerned abt what happens next w/Cahill sisters!
Oops! I blame the fact that I'm on my phone. I saw it in the shadows and saw panda-ring eyes and black arms instead of ears.
please tell me when yo it will be good to see another philly face out here
Checking emails before I go to bed.
It getting cold in here, so put on all your clothes.
talking about a show
Happy Birthday Twitch
It's not always rainbows and butterflies but compromise that moves us along.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Fubar tonight and Busby's West tomorrow night!
VDN's failure to put Paul or Griffin in earlier may have cost them, know they were hurt but....
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
So proud of my mom today. Faced another painful biopsy like a champ. Please God, let this be remission!
We'll be waiting!
Nice! We should spread the word on campus for any student running their own business!
TVs on the moon!
4,600 tweets? Wow, I need to step my game up!
#FF Happy Friday to you!
bro I'm am on my way to dinner from Lincoln's tumb
Have someone shake your chair during the action scenes.
Excited about the new Eastwood movie, J. Edgar. Decaprio is one of my favorites.
you're welcome x 10000000 ;) and thank YOU for your patience..you "rockstar" :P
Today is "Thank Your Mentor" Day. Call up or shoot a quick email to the person who mentored you along the way and say "thanks!"
And contagious. I think you started a trend. (Suggs and Rivera)
I wonder why it takes me over an hour to get ready to go to the gym but it only takes me 10 minutes to go out to eat or party. Hm...
what are those noodle things anyway??
Late start, managed to get 35.2mi in. Thinking of doing some Wolf Fitness Evolution #Kettlebell Groundwork.
<U+2665> I've had a great two days with my Baby!!! We are dressing up and taking couple pictures today!!!!!! #LGBT <U+2665>
Hey #Preds check twitter before 2nd period. Plenty of solid coaching advice like "get it together" and "play better". Hope that helps!
follow me back(:
Time to go out and shovel snow in front of the school. Again...
my friend, I have discovered the fucking awesomeness that river north is. Anything is good
It says his last tweet was in 2008???
So good to know my momma and dad will be here in just a week or so!
Is #geertwilders really that funny?
Watching #HairyBikers on #History Channel eating McClards ribs... Torture...
nothing really, just on twitter! you? (:
With an eye on growing markets, mortgage branch networks are expanding at a healthy pace in states
working on the chi-town venues. Thanks again!!!
Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it. Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle --give hair time to seal in the color!
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me??
I'm watching strange addiction, " dating my car and I snort baby powder" o m g
o forreal.....humph *looks at roommate*
Too close? So you could be there in a few hours right? Or is it because you don't have tickets?
My sewing machine is working again! :D
Is there a road map of future released features that are planned to come out for QBO?
Will be MIA for a few weeks - heading off and traveling for a bit.
Girl please, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
lol the community needs to come together!
Hi there hot stuff!!
I'm wearing shorts....-_- days ruined
Not trying to jinx anything yet, but the Cards are putting a woopin' on the #5 Cats at home. 6-0 thru 6 innings
Lunch of wine tasting at Witch Creek Winery in Carlsbad Village
I have 3D glasses, I usually carry them on me in the event I stumble upon multi dimensional awesomeness :-)
That is absolutely terrifying!
the fact he will say absolutely anything to get elected is enough reason for me to hate him. This is frosting on the urinal cake
i donno what to tweet about tonight... im twatless... lawl. >.<
Hey Twitter Fans Take A moment today and check out the next generation in social networking. www.iBand.me MUSIC and more!
something heavier? Maybe a fully gassed up chainsaw?
This is too good to be true
Yeah--I did it this fall. Very disappointing. Just because it kind of looks like mashed potatoes....
Those art collectors looking for prints from Both Joe Sorren and Nicoletta Ceccoli Storyopolis Entertainment has it in stock.
Highway to the ... DANGER ZONE!
In reality, yes; in the minds of some, it wasn't far enough out of hand.
most definitely. Where are you and watching it?
anyone noteworthy. i'm digging dirt on a story of a food cart entrepreneur of some local fame now. media is always good too.
hm... not really?
People thought I was crazy af when I said that id rather marry my boyfriend than JB. I love biebz but im IN LOVE with my boyfriend(:
Goodnight, fuuuuckkkk today.
I wonder how the last guy who bangs the Bachelorette feels to get the sloppy seconds squared.
brah, u there?
GigaOM Pro report focuses on #smartgrid apps, specifically 6 trends shaping grid evolution. Available to Pro subscribers 4/21.
RT : Point of fact to Mark McKinnon: "Life, liberty & pursuit of happiness" is from Dec of Ind, not a right guaranteed by Constitution
Congrats - that's a great day Passed! I am now, as they say, ABD. w00t!
SOW: Would you like a nice cake with three candles for your party? PIGLET: I'd rather have three cakes and one candle.
I am a real esteta broker in Manhattan. What are you looking for?
WIN $1000! Remember listen between 9am - 5pm for at least 10 songs in a row without commercial interruption. Caller #1 wins $1000!!
Hm? Glad I'm married for 36 years and in a partnership...that takes teamwork. Film at 11.
Maybe one day!
one of my favs!!!
Ugh i really want to meet Austin Mahone!! <3 All those lucky girls who saw him today!:/
Just booked a gig to spin at an auto show in SF this week.
My current smart participants have a tendency to overthink simple homework: misplaced perfectionism.
When TG insulted my outfit, I knew I made the right decision this morning.
I just don't understand sometimes..
Tebow cant Lambeau Leap from his knee! No way MM brings him in. But I get your intrigue.
I'm so sick right now
haha que awite, he asked me fo' your # so i hhad gave it too him
Hey thanks for following back! :)
"What you seek is seeking you."~ Rumi
Good cooking is an art!
RT : Sweet RT : RT : has raised $126 already on check it out & tell ur friends!...
Today's question: What was the FIRST song you ever heard? We will RT an answer at random! :)
millers raining threes. Hell be out wit 3pters elbow rest of yr..its a cousin of tennis elbow
You gotta be a dumbass to get me mad
true story. :)
Mistake me for the other, and I'll remind you of another.
RT : Pray for vocal strength!// Praying!
. ironically the flautist and are likely both members of the
she about to get cut :o
Man ain't they though
Glass-plate negatives show Springfield's past - The State Journal-Register
it b makin me laugh all da time
Hey Adrian!!! Thx~ How r u?
the broncos were going to bring their top 3 back for a 2nd interview, but ditched that after talking to fox for 9.5 hrs
Yes! she really has come a long way.
Just bc ur not invited to everything we do doesnt mean u have to get pissed about it everything
BLOWS MY MIND
*besitos* RT : And screw you ! I'll never be able to get rid of all the confetti in & outside of my house!
are you an introvert?
Scanning Rose Bowl stadium. The Ducks half with green and yellow is impressive, but there's more Wisconsin red overall.
You don't know me and you'll never see me again, can't you make an exception just for me?
. so excited to have you as a style mentor for
I agree
Chiana:I dreamt about running away and joining the circus, but it will never happen. Those clowns are hinky.
love your background on twitter. Right on, hope you guys are killing it in Chi Town.
jorge: Is it called looting when a store explodes into a pile of debris. Opportunistic "shoppers" picking through souvenirs along seawall.
A tree fell on some of the power lines by my house :/
I love #switchfoot :)
“Being yourself is like showing your soul to the world, being somebody else is like showing your shadow in the dark.”
3 hours of must see tv tonight ! First up is tough enough and the Raw !
Kmsl I told tiny he aint hard he told me he is , I said boy you pussy like ya girlfriend drawls he say I get pussy ask ya drawls lol he lame
listenin to some .... love her!!!
I really hope what I'm thinking won't happen ...
How come you are not following fad- check out what we are up to.
Creating advocacy requires finding the passion ALREADY in your category, THEN attaching your brand to that passion.
working maintaining these,bills
sorry you fouled out Cashmere Wright, and sorry about your name pal
#dsoc #sla2011 up early to attend Mil libs breakfast, thanks 4 the invite!
Ya, I love Foo Fighters and dig Avenged Seven Fold. I know the other bands, though I haven't heard too much of their music.
bro I can kill you so bad that everyone would remember me instead of you at your funeral
Excited about your launch! Congrats!! RT : You rock, Ginna! Thanks for the follow. <3 Cee Cee
The fact that Nicki is surprised there is a helicopter involved is reason enough to send her home.
Boy, oh boy. has some payback coming his way.
Hey - Thx for the nice plug in ! We will definitely continue cranking out the books for many years to come!
Heritage beats CA in boys lax's first round of playoffs, 11-9.
haven't had the opportunity yet man, but it's on my to do list for the day. Expect an e-mail soon!
people on twitter crack me up!! especially the 20somethings who think they are all the ... You haven't a clue!!!!!!!!
Theodore from the chipmunks lookin ass!!!
was the cute bartender working?
called my phone dumb in a text and then my phone wouldn't send it... well played eco phone.
Happy Easter everyone
RT : Living everyday happy with who you are makes you incredibly lucky
Thank you!!
Good night Sleep tight! :)
Posting another new song today! Check it out!
But I def cant count those ducks cause its all going to my business.. Focused!!
RT Niggas will never stop being (wait for it).....Niggas.
N I do this everytime smh... missed my beat ! ah !
Thanks for the kind words Richie. As an entrepreneur I'm sure you know and understand the importance of networking! Good luck!
UNLVPD officers go through the same training Las Vegas Metro police officers do.
thanks man I appreciate it
Drunk. Hollywood.
Hope all the beautiful weather isn't too distracting and remember to support #RISD by giving to the #RISDAnnualFund!!
It's been way too long since I've listened to Saosin.
"So I grabbed a candlestick and killed that son of a bitch."
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
has a hot elbow. c: #weirdisgrand ;D
Seconded. RT : "how to serve publics who know how to copy" is a really great turn of phrase. [...]
Spread the word. Maria is looking for peeps who like romance bks, dogs, & gardening. Lonely on Twitter. I barely know anyone.
old school map - love it!
Denver has to close this one out
Nap pods, massage rooms, game rooms and frozen yogurt trucks ... Incredible
Yea it is bro.. What you whippin' up?
Nice chat with Ursula tonight. #feelsomuchbetter! Looking forward to the next few days...
i been iight, just tryna stay busy w/ music! Wbu?..
I'm just seeing that tweet
Omg ur soo lucky That is my dream!!! I wud burst out into tears if I wud Meet them!
Blue man group was amazing!!! I love Chicago...
cool, no matter who wins wrestlemaina will be awsome!!!! :-)
Hooray for #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
it did. Love how it looks but couldn't use it because of the drain. Not familiar with Klip but will take a look. Thanks!
Goal by assist by Beth #werkit girls
Got the 'I Am Sasha Fierce' album on full album oh yarr
It's getting hot on my shoulders....
“: #Dubai airports reliable, fast & free wifi yet so few U.S. airports have made it a priority" Tho Dubai blocks skype!
it is where I live :)
haha i tell you !! , its happened to me
Bored as hell
'Two and a Half Men' -- Renewed for Season 10
I'll just miss you. :-(
I love Tofu!
Get it, Chris!
Somehow, between wine night and now, I ended up with a man in my bed. Now he won't leave. Help!
“: I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole” lmfao
Thanks Jill. Bragging rights in the office!
Our tutors are available for in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area, including Auburn, Granite Bay, El Dorado Hills, Shingle...
...and we're going to make changes to the way we do things so that we find ourselves back where we were in the aughts."
Im home waiting for you
IM GOING RIGHT TOO !!
"The truth is easy to kill. But a lie well told is immortal." - Mark Twain. (I do hope he's wrong.)
A zoom in on your face would be wonderful. The eye makeup is gorgeous.
Watching #NASCAR raceday and the weather at talladega superspeedway is not looking promising.
OMG! Absolutely love Maria & Derek's performance!
Chilling @ Toby Keith
dope! just found it under my bed!
Today's Facebook forecast: Partly boring, increased drama, and a really good chance of bitterness
Brilliant Dempsey free kick strike, number 17...
AND THE SCREAMS CONTINUE HAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS RELATIONSHIP I HAVE WIT MY SIS :P.
Me too. (again, says something that he didn't say something - ya know what I mean?)
"experience is the best teacher." -uncle si
In our horrible economy today are you wondering where to get operating capital? Consider factoring as a great method for quick cash flow.
Economist George Selgin warns hill staffers that #Fed created excess reserves could turn into excess spending and hyperinflation
I use IFTT so that when I favorite a tweet it goes to Can also email w/ #tags in subject line.
“: lf a l ask you a question, you should tell the truth. cause chances are, l already know the answer.”
Oh shit...I'm experiencing 's standard driving. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><U+2755>
How does an octopus go to war? Well armed :)
Your family is hilarious :) I'd do the same thing if the press was all over my family. Maybe now they'll leave you alone!
3 weeks until Summer, who wants to hang first doe.
Hey, thanks. Good list.
I think allergies cuz that ac at the lab was blowin hella dust
Hope everyone has a good day!
He could pay your car registration 20 million times. Another reason to never move to Cali.
#np randy Rogers band-interstate
Did you know: We now have the best #Gumbo in town. Tell us you read about it here and we'll knock $2 off!
(Side note - don't know if this is true for your industry, but I always kept cover letters to one page max.)
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>(<-- Sadie)
Mañana happy hour with Dj Cruz......
glad to hear that you'll find it of use.
thanks michelle!!!! :D It is always so much fun!
Direct correlation between my home and my life-state. When I'm worried, upset, unfocused, I notice my home gets cluttered.
You're not really fooling anyone. Just because you're wearing sunglasses doesn't mean you can stare without being noticed.
#top100lies i'm different to other guys
It's a rainy Sunday. Rain is nothing more than liquid sunshine!
Never will I let that happen again. #goin hard
#IBelieve Women will ALWAYS have Pass/Advantage versus Men. That's the way it's always been!! Why tho?
yes! It does. I love it! and Im so glad a cool Selenator got it instead of somebody else! ;)
": Damn that was faster than I expected haha #newpromdate "
Can we getta RT for anyone who feels extra BALLER today! ? Cause we feel you!
Making Music, Making Music, Making Music. Working Hard
That awkward moment when you give Rowan Atkinson weed and he becomes a baked Bean
I'm watching this without sound and it's already blowing my mind.
brunch with parents, dinner with immediates. All around great day and ...I'm done! Leftovers tomorrow. Hooray!
ah F yeah!
still having difficulty getting through. Ill keep calling and texting to try and help you and your family out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: "People don't buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it!" - TED.tv. Do you know your WHY?
Hey (: RT : Good mooring
you girl! Looking forward to hearing your music someday soon! god bless you!
! I check in wherever I go!
#Brewers win! See you in twelve hours!
don't make nothing but HITZ mane.
She will be loved - Maroon 5 . :D
": I like where your head's at. Also, cowboy hats at iparty that say "bride to be"... too much?"
Big week ahead... Tv show appearance, Gravity Studios, and a big show friday night in Chicago!
I think Mathai is better
someone ooVoo me
it's no big shakes nowadays but back then it was haha We did a gig at the Jersey Shore at a gay/lesbian "underground" club-edgy lol
"THAT DUDE WAS JUST TOO DAMN LAZY!" bahahahahahaha
: "This Lifesaver tastes like rum!" Me:"Yea, it's butter rum." Her: "I feel like I need to chase it."
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!<U+2665> 4 MORE PEOPLE PLEASEE!(:
Everyone: "Myspace....will you accept this gift we are offering you today?" Myspace: "Yes." [warm embrace] [Myspace boards plane with RN]
agree. but they started the night with 13. gotta think they felt like it was house money. Made sure noone else got TRich.
CONGRATS to Nick Collins & Nichole Lorean and Fred & Sylvia Molina for winning the GET SOME Marriage Getaway Contest!!
Hi! I'm good and you?? Still gettin used to this whole twitter thang!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu! She opened for cody nov. 19th 2011! thanks xo
RT : Happy thirsty Thursday!
Today is my last day of the internship and also it is the Chinese Valentines Day
Wiff &Tiffany. Chillin. needs to text me back.
RT Happy Birthday S/O to gonna have to do something crazy during the 5 or 10 tonight for him
let me take the time to say this: I am SO incredibly happy the brewers don't have this chach.
and a long process, too, if you also have an iPad and a MacBook, too.. AND have to move all your stuff to the iCloud...
lol twitter fuck up so much it's annoying
Did you know: Whiskey Tango was voted "bar of the year" in 2010/2011 and we are nom again this year!!
Thanks! Glad to hear you're "ex" Accenture, too! I think you forgot the hashtag in your vote!
'Aura' is one of the books which has impacted me the most in my life. Gracias Carlos!
wishes everyone a very happy holiday!
So much homework this weekend -__-
You are going to be xcellent in Sparkle...that movie is a classic and you will shine..Congrats!!...Whit as your mom?..OMG!
does you right!
Beautiful Banner... ABSOLUTELY beautiful!
Big Blues win could have done without the Late QPR goal a problem this year. But Torres hat trick made up for it 6-1. And 3 big points.
Thanks for the mention!!
Happy International Women's Day to all the awesome women in my life! You make it grand :)
This treaty is like an exclusive membership for the Titanic. Difference, you had some chance on the big boat.
Nice!! Thank you!
Tomorrow morning at the bus stop is gonna be REAL fun..
: sort of loving the Agassi autobiography. Had no idea that his childhood was so intense.
you bet you'll see me at where #gamechanging begins.
dude had a big azz spidey in my sink :/ so gross
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports & entertainment? #WeekendOutlook <<headed to Vegas
Right near my apt. : Shooting: 1800 Howard Street. Adult male shot in the lower body. Detectives investigating
Happy 4th of July to our fans and their families!
The Museum Store is proud to participate in Small Business Saturday Nov. 26! Shop with us and support our local economy!
i think we can make the list of participants and their email addresses available on via message board
Oh thanks...and you too! (:
Just got a new follower a few seconds ago that makes 50
We're now running #BuddyPress on top of Blogs@ Baruch. Let the academic connecting commence!
yeah girl!
really??? im there! call me
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
I hate macie..
Hot as hell today in Austin....really miss training camps...
Avengers was amazing!!! A must see!!
Just hope it's fun! RT I'm loving HEART OF DANKNESS, btw. Completely fascinating and detailed, and best part, lots of you.
Hey Maurice! Thanks for the follow!
Only if he uses the rally to officially take no position on state issues, Romney-style
Goodafternoon ! Sexi young brunette playmate here ! Come check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
hopefully the only reason VY is let back into the facility is to clean out his locker. Time for VY to go bye bye.
guys who mess with girls feeling piss me off
First things first: I need my complimentary shot of
Ice cold water right now
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Don't forget to vote for !
Everyone in a zombie film is a marksman. Head shots every time.
To Virginia I go. #statehoppin'
“: Best practice to allow for RT. Use about 130 characters #amasalunch” like this?
I do what I wanna do wen I want to
Do you have a Tumblr blog?
I am so over
Can we open for you in NY at one of your shows.. pretty please please!! We absolutely adore you! <3 bri
sitting by the pool looking into stars.. dogs bark. soft took some random test to see if i was clairvoyant, they said i was just normal phew
tshirt totes anyone?
True. But illiterate folks are cognitively functional, unlike, say feral children, I think is 's point
If you had a chance to get ya virginity back would you???
Trying to get my thoughts together. Happens to be a difficult task.
6567 Santa Monica Boulevard baby...6567 Santa Monica Boulevard...
I don't eat fish.
What is indeterminate sentencing? Example?
Torrents keep me up at night with there download this and try that stupid addicting computer...
I'm craving a pampered ginger juice from the boys.
The awkward moment when you've been a fan since the start & you see everyone else getting retweeted & followed. <U+E403>
I like the song, and i following you alredy :D
Babies are like the newest jordans, everybody's gettin them..
Justin. You should follow Me <3 (:
lol you know who I'm talkin about(:
Getting the distinct impression I massively underestimated someone I've known for years. Wish I hadn't, b/c they're awesomer than I thought.
finna' be there about 1230. You?
I Ball hard.
Been working on leveling bricks all day. I think anyone who had spent all day with a level in hand has wondered, who leveled the level?
Former foster youth Danielle Jennings shares her story of abuse (her father just learned 3 days ago).
Sliding slipshod through moments; sand in teeth crunchy as the hourglass spins.
Girls night in for my daughter and I. Movies, junk food and nail polish. Of course later I'll make a Mama drink while she has fruit juice.
Lifetime Movie Network all rainy day!
I saw real life players in a real life #MLS ad on NBC (Sports Network). God must be real.
HEY im seeing you in concert OCTOBER 7th @ REDROCK CASINO but i will be in the far back wish i was up close, at least i get 2 go!
I WILL CRASH LIVE NATION && TICKET MASTER FOR THAT #1 GIRL TOUR JUST LIKE I DID 4 THE JBIEBER MY WORLD TOUR!! IF I WANNA C MB IMMA C THEM!
What'll be his job? figuring out how to better snoop within other peoples bedrooms? or women's bodies?
I really hated the part in the matrix documentaries when the flying squid robot machines shot up that dance party.
Together Everyone Achieves More.
I wanna guy thatll sing to me...<3
What are your goals for this weekend? Don't just let the days "happen". Put some purpose to them!
Jealousy is kicking in.
another bad day w/ my bullies
Abt to lay it dwn with the only one who's opinion matter...Im not goin to feed into people stupidity bcus im bigger than that..With smiles <U+2665>
Other hallway themes are video games, tv shows, and music.
What about the animals?? Jerk. RT Shoutout to all the people out there.
I will.. After next week
Warped tour bound and so freaking excited!!! Can't wait to spend one of the most amazing days of the year with ! :)
Watching watching himself on twitter .... Sort of like inception...
i love u and u look cute ??
Jeffrey Tobin says the mandate is dead, so let's all pack up and go home.
God made love a challenge <3
All my successes have been built on my failures.
the part where it keeps crashing :-)
Guess got dress .
I went to the Chicago date and was blown away (in 1998)
Today was literally the best day ever.
I don't believe in. happy endings
Kindle Lending Library likely a sweetener to move those new readers. Wonder if/how it will affect library k-lending, which just started..
I be blanks out sontimes yo..
1 of the things taught in journalism school (& as u know, unfortunately) is tht u will be fired. Better u handled it w/class!
And now I see that the article is talking about Michael BBerg. So much for paying attention....
Are you serious
Um, that weaponized caffeine sounds *intense*. I am intrigued...
I just want to talk to
7 more days of school including weekends. :)
How to cleanse the palette with some 2 girls 1 cup.
Dinner at Herbsaint's in NOLA. Turns out that pork bellies are NOT just like bacon...
So far, I'm liking the draft of The Mighty Green Bay Packers.
Leap year means we got 9 more days for spring submissions! Deadline March 1st! Theme: community!
round 2... Tick tock yo times up, imma surprise u like when lesnar showed up.
Happy Halloween! Doing something special at your martial arts school? Let us know!
Hey! Sent you a DM back.
Did you know our MJTI Network site (mjti.com) has all kinds of useful articles, videos, and blogs. Check it out!
Yes, amazing would be all of that + your butt snuggling with mine & T-Bone's
thanks! but not sure what it is that you wanted. =P
Just heard a woman pronounce parfait parfet. Woman asked WHAT and she said it 2more times.
Life isn't about how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away.<3
Sleep has been guiding me toward solutions, which I find totally extraordinary
- anytime buddy. You tearing it up in Cbus!?
Happy Birthday . Have a good Friday!
A girl that i never met added me on facebook last week, last night she waited on me at bar louis, didnt talk, freaked, any suggestions?
Is it wrong that I live in the south and I don't say "y'all"? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Eddie Murphy Delirious a close second
Dr. Jen Rawley: Children by nature are good or at least have the desire to be good
: Thanks for the Kids Club feedback - We think it's the best we've produced so far- The Verlander drawstring backpack is very cool.
good job bro! Keep pushing you'll get it down no doubt
Nope, that award goes to me.
surprise me! :)
what is going on tonight? Anything outside?
Books featuring birds could really afford to have less egg word play. An egg-cellent book it does not make.
college classes :)) yay!!!
Thanks for the #FF!
Me and Dylan's crashing for tha nite :D haha. DylanMyBro!:P
Hates the show Archer
Off to NYC for league meetings. Should be a fun couple of days.
A car with a dictionary. Has already settled many a car bet, i'm sure. Gotta love the Map Room.
G.M. to all twitters...topic for today is to stay positive and stay focus .on all things and any thing that you may accomplish.!!`
unless, well...it actually is soul searching. Your cynical assumption doesn't leave room for that.
Ok yes I will be in touch this week. Hope you had a great holiday
"I feel like an idiot, but i am an idiot so it kinda works out"
OMG Adorable on Leno!!
I stupid. Apparently John moved the stuff inside so that wouldn't happen.
Need Beatz / production work / studio time ???? @ B.H.P Black Hooded Production HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1
What a small world! Haha!
Boggled by the possibilities for promoting your library's OverDrive collection? Focus your efforts with a marketing plan....
I new that was you I wasn't sure hahah I'll say hi tomorrow
Lake Placid is a weekend destination for #AAU basketball teenage girls. They're everywhere!
don't let Fred fool you. He played all those keys himself. Yep. by himself.
Definitely one of the best Karaokes in the city!
Usually at this time of day my tweetdeck gets really laggy. Will tweet as much as possible.
hey, hopefully Wake will be ON tonight, and feel the bats pounding already, the D looks ok so far lets not Jinx em.
To all of friends who dedicate themselves to teaching kids, I raise a glass to you all! Most teachers deserve much more than they receive!
I mailed your autograph picture of Cameron Mills yesterday! :)
Emma Donoghue presenting at the Lambdas!
Very interesting that brain surgeon was your guess.
missed yaa today :\
can you please follow me ? <3
#vaumc conference offering to brazil mozambique & Grace ministries arlington.
I deserve this one
hanging out with my family. How bout you?
jealous! can't wait to see this, you'll have to tell me all about it!
Perfect timing. I will arriving at that time as well.
Continuing narrative medicine w/iPads pilot project. Repeated pt feedback: You should do this with every pt, everyday.
GAH! Even my idea about ideas was already someone's idea.
New month, new business...despite being Monday, this week's off to a good start!
RT :drinking a beer out of my adobe flash on tap glass and designing some stuff for the BoNE show. next thursday, be there!
"LadyFyre" sounds like the name of a trans stripper.
It's almost draft time! Perks of studying in NYC this semester? I can go camp out at Rockefeller all weekend! Pics and vid to come!
What exactly is a natural cause to die from?
The cat pooped in the sink
Happy bday! RT : Happy birthday to the Points Girl & homegirl ! Enjoy your day!
The lady cut my hair too short
Day 2 home sick and my 6 year old is organizing the crayons by color. In preparation for a crayon tag team wrestling match, of course.
and how do you have the nerve to say such a completely uneducated thing look in the mirror
A total of $350 just to get my taxes done this year!
“Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive.” Anonymous
Too many cute couples.. I shall go die now (:
I WENT LIKE A WHOLE FRICKEN MONTH WITHOUT ANY EGGS AND NOW THEY ARE ATTACKING ME.
I'm not sure but I think I gave my brain a hernia while working on latest book.
I am so stupid, I swear.
Finally made it to Jacksonville! It took a little longer than expected, but we made it safely. I'm excited to take a look around in the morn
LOTS of Food Specials @ THE SMILING MOOSE TODAY like our Creamy Potato & Bacon Soup, Cajun Chicken Sandwichs , & Some Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
good night
Thanks for catching that!
scared? you should be.
Man... Zankou chicken has really raised their prices!
tough to call in a division loaded with pitching! Maybe a pitcher this year?
<3 I love it :D
Fan base won't go for that. With seats already empty and support dwindling, have to try at all costs to win now
FOR THOSE THAT WANT TO HELP GET FUNDED - FIND US ON KICKSTARTER!!
My Galaxy S2 is supposed to have 16GB of storage, but it appears to only have 2GB in applications. What's up with that?
Me, Myself, and God #AllINeed .
thanks so much Gene!! Love to hear that for you and your wife!! Loving every minute of married life so far!;) Happy Holidays!
At least we aren't the Knicks. Am I right?
I Love The Way You Sing.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get One Of Your CD.!<3
haha yeah I've been up. I had to work at 8am so I just watched the game from my home.
RT : Our whole crew had a great time last night and served up some fantastic food! Big crowd last night
Wow that was a powerful statement. How wonderful you have truly impacted him for sure.
Top 10 Reasons to Vote in the LISSA & ALASC Elections: #10: It's the most conscientious way to procrastinate that you're likely to find.
How abou this: Propose to him?
ah you have your days Lolol jkkkk. You're a sweetheart :)
I would rather see a team in St. Louis than KC. I don't want our fan base to be split. We would have one hell of a rivalry.
When people can ruin your day by saying just five words to you... I need to take a nap lol
#whenIwas13 I didn't have a #smartphone or ! What did I do with my life?
If you think deception can't be in a pulpit ...think again. Pay attention to your children!
Archaic does not equal authentic. No one only re-reads past chapters in a book because those are the "real" chapters. Life is a story.
Like always, keep treating me differently.
Small victories? (Also, I just tried to "like" your last tweet until I realized...)
don't do it man!
Thanks. I think they liked it so much because it followed us around the zoo for awhile.
Twitter IS working :-)
This game so live like forreal tho..
Seriously can't wait for to be back in San Francisco! It will complete my life, I have gone bonkers without her :/
West Palm Beach went very well!
"Great leaders know that leadership is a social construction; they are just playing 'leader' -- it's a role." -- Douglass Rushkoff
RT: Every person deserves some one who makes them smile & laugh at their worst moments. We all deserve something better.
Good Monday Morning. It's time to Move Forward.
Wow, I was horribly wrong - I called a 2 hitter from Suppan, the Brewers managed a whopping 4
Sometimes I wish I could dance.
KFAN is doing a wonderful Groundhog day bit this morning....but what is more funny is all the people that don't get it.
Like most kids, those with ADD/ADHD respond better to rewards than to punishment.
thanks Darielle! Glad you liked..:)
I always try :)
well thank ya very much ")
Trained shoulders tonite. Quick and heavy. 45 seconds between sets. Give it a try. Wow.
I haven't done anything yet. But yes
Even if they won't know the origins, I think we can keep the 8/16-bit style alive. I think it's our duty.
Originally planned to see it at the end of the month but it's not going to happen. I'm a HUGE fan of Nicole Ari Parker.
Congratulations for your win last night!
Billy Tibbets should be able to sign with the predators then.
RT : "Citizenship is not a passive function" - TIME's Managing Editor Rick Stengel addressing the 2012 Butler University graduates
when i french kiss..
is very excited to be serving tomorrow.hope to see you there!!!
ill turn you on, whats your email address
on twitter and checking my email
i think i will go for a run tomorrow... gonna bump it up to 6 miles
Looks perfect!!
Thanks so much for the kind note Randi!
Got a Sinus Cocktail Shot this afternoon, so hoping tomorrow I feel better. Doing Research in Alabama and they migrated to Lake Co., IL.
Amazing actors Sang tonight! Robert Alan Beuth, Susan Leslie, & Tim Bagley! Thank you much for your support, I really appreciate it!
I wanna give back to my daddy if I didn't he made sure I did and we did prom all by ourselves with no help
thanks for coming to the LeDroit Park Civic Assoc meeting. Great info on DC Public Trust!
Line up
Ever see #freedomwriters about students overcoming adversity? Breaks me down every time.
What like $6 for a ticket?
were glad you like it!
i followed him! :D
Book club alert: Check it out NOW
For the record, you have to go to here. Been solid all year. Have complete confidence in him.
Thanks, Karen! has given me a lot of joy in my life, directly and indirectly.
keep playing hard and what a game! Your the double double leader in the #Pac12basketball!
Ducks win!!! My husband can finally sleep peacefully :)
nice! have you ever tried fundraising with the Entertainment Book?
Don't take a chance! #CysticFibrosis is not a "white disease" My husband is #AfricanAmerican & carries the gene-our daughter has
dm programmers rock.
Only 20 more days. We are in countdown mode for #WorldofConcrete and #Surfaces, are you?
Sometimes people deserve a second chance.
RT : Check out my first hand report on 99% spring, a great idea that can be completely negated by lackluster organizers...
Many blessings and doors opening, thank you God! Bendiciones para todos!
Call me asap
It was great to connect with you in Boston. Until we meet again!
And when those same two people got together 10hrs later 2chains inked a deal wit def jam....yea Oprah that baby mine
#twitterguy trend is boring!!!
wise words!
Love the hat you wore in Cabo. What was it and where can I buy?
the peace that surpasses all understanding
BREAKING: The #Saints have selected interim interim head coach Charles Manson to run team during interim head coach Joe Vitt's suspension.
Congrats to ARTS' founder and director, Matt D'Arrigo for winning the People's Choice Award at the 1st Annual SDFAS "ArtAwards" last night!
I just need the money by the end of May if that would help
So much energy, music, and an occasional tough story. Such a community here tonight.
Registered for classes..getting ready to go to the keys for the 4th of July
Big time job. Oxymoron.
#Actors add change clothes & clip nails out the window while driving stick in traffic while telling mom about ur audition to Special Skills
that is so cool! How'd you make it?!
Ohh thanks,i know its just not the same without me. First hour is just too early..
BENEATH THE SHADOWS by Sara Foster looks like an interesting read.
hope you all are okay out there!!! Just saw you have a tornado warning!
Re: coral snakes: Ok sweetie, if you see a snake with red and yellow like McDonald’s, it’s bad and you should run away from it.(Bell Museum)
That's why Matt jumped. Reminded him of high school.
New apple tv 1080p is legit
You Bet! Best of luck tonight! Don't be a stranger! Pls tell Gail Levin Hi! :)
i miss u alot! when is my juju bear coming back?!
excited to try out some more Ranger$ videos tonight. Best part of my day :) Ha, obsessed!
Can wait to get home so i can start my lasagna
1/12/12: Chicago's first snowstorm and a happy quarter century birthday to me! Cocktails to celebrate, 1/4 of the NYC girls have arrived :)
Put your beds back rumpus time is over
Dude I Really Like the Guy! ;o
five days till a month. But its a fucking necklace no need to wash itlm
Intuition is really a sudden immersion into the universal current of life—Paulo Coelho
Thanks for the follow! Check out my partner in virtual crime & our video game blog too!
ugh! So tired!
MIL/OKC U212? I think that could go over by the end of the 3Q. Good Luck
I would still prefer President Herman Cain over President Bachmann, President Perry, etc.
Indeed! When time is money, people tend not to waste it. How to fix this in academia?
Shut up..
Who want to be my #1 MAHOMIE friend On here??:D
Pretty sure they don't have wifi there
Black and Yellow?! More like Black and Blue! :-)
are you in NYC? BBQ may be one of the only foods that's better here.
Oh my lawd, this guy just said tyler bray sucks. Hah
Goin over the ladies house tonight
Buck's Tavern this Saturday, 9pm. Acoustic trio this time! on percussion.
It's always my fault.
Latino parent engagement is essential for the #edwaivers process. Check out English and Spanish resources from
Who Wants An OG$FTA Tank Top OR Shirt ?
Great Interview Preparation: "And if hired, how can you make my business stand out?" - Scott O'Neill, President of MSG Sports
anyone know of any places that are #hiring in #Chicago?? Seasonal, short-term or long term??
just wants to update her stalker... I'm at longitude 345789.24 & latitude 578754.70 and I'm cleaning my gun.
RT If Islam is a cult then so is every other world religion. You have no idea. Do u even know a Muslim person? | your point is?
It's good to give thanks & praises.
Folding a fitted sheet.
do we know when JFK will be open again?
it's taken me more than 17 months, 26 days, and about 5 girls to forget about that whore!
wondering what kinds of "celebrations" or "thank yous" others close out the semester in the WC with
not only that but you have 13 million followers now!! YAYY <13!
haha omg! Silly girl!
This is Getting Kinda Boring Lol.....Wanna Play Truth Or Dare?
Happy Mother's day to the best mother in the world!! :)
Soon! May 7-19 in Petrified Forest. We've applied to National Geographic 4 funding 4 Fall 2012 - during the school year!!!
It's very important to provide cues about users current location on website -> easier to orient themselves.
- i Caint Stand A Judgmental Ass Bitch . .
thank you- as my first order of business it will be make Sheen hit up SXSW! Lol
at least half, and quite possibly 3/4 of the NCAA soccer final four are going to be teams from the ACC.
Wow - that's tough, but you're right, coming back from 12 down is huge. Congrats on the great season.
rough one for Chelsea. Thoughts?
But I check the mirror every day worrying that my hairline will start noticeably receding. A man's biggest fear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
yup this weekend i ll get at you
Everyone and their cousins are in a relationship and I'm just here like
Checks such as ... what?
Underground Hip Hop scene > Hardcore Punk scene
u suppose to been did that!
Just because it's called make-up... doesn't mean it's supposed to makeup 99% of your face.
this job needs to call me back, the anticipation is killin me
A midget goes to the doctor and says, "Doc I have an itchy cunt." The doctor burst out laughing and removed the midgets ugg boots.
"have fun watching the game with your friends. LOL." -your mom
Dose up on immune builders vit c, astragulus, and garlic among others.cont'd
Wanna see if my mom'll take us by Party City? We can hunt for one there.
RT : I think what makes u great is dateam that u surround urself with, they keep me so motivated 2do be better everyday..
heyy!! Sry today I woke up rly early and then my study hall teacher took my phone :(( so I just saw ur tweet
Io is a possibility.
Nah, it was History : Mitt to Newt: "Call it what you like. I call it influence peddling."
Any teachers using pinterest? If so - what are you using it for?
who knew? I has never seen so many kine. How am I doin??
Midphase is dirt cheap and I've run a ton of #eecms sites on there. I prefer slightly better hosting, but they work in a pinch.
We think so too :) RT Sun Stand Still book+coffee =a great way to start out your morning!
#Spectrum12 Join us for Karaoke at Lovin' Cup at the Post conference Monday Night Meet-up
Just rented my first car. I feel all grown up
The joy of playing is that you are engaged fully. You give yourself over to something and lose yourself in the pursuit.
We're going with 4by6 for biz cards - thanks for the recommendation! I'll write up my 5 vendor review soon
No shit? RT : Just wanted to point out that I've always dated McLouth.
Wis. state Sen. Alberta Darling: "Compared to our neighbors in Illinois, we are a star."
Thanks We're so glad to have you supporting us!
I thought you were asleep...
Wow Boston pitchers are terrible. You really gonna give Teixeira a high & away pitch w/ 2 men on base?
I agree! Shawn is so savvy! A good person and smart. I got the one time only today before it sold out! Yes!
you know you can even make sparkling pink lemonade with it? best invention ever!
right on
Your message falls on deaf ears when you send to a dated or user-generated prospect list.
Pepsi "cheating heart" ad is one of the classics. In PepsiMax re-do, it's even better
You're from Adamsville.
The world be way too small on twitter...
Is the recent winter storm affecting your holiday travel plans?
: dealers should target a 100% write up goal. Above all other metrics, start with this.
No, I am happy with my purchase of Victory Road, great matches and shocking ending stop being such a smark.
"RIP Chris Brown" and "Best Valentine's Day Ever" are both Twitter trends. I'm not saying it's a coincidence... but I'm not saying it isn't.
"Tai Chi is a very soft form, and they'll kill you gently...but you'll still be dead." -Eric Dale, Southern Gent, Master of Chinese thought
None of your tweets have been retweeted yet
Simplicity and execution Not Surprise and change
I hope Overeem - JDS fight doesn't get the attention it deserves because of the retirement. 100% that fight doesnt go to grnd
I been tellin my mom to get me sumden to eat for a hour now -___-
Hope you get back! Someday I'll roadtrip to Niagara & Toronto. My cousin there loves it but still a Sox fan. Keeps her meek.
"I can't conceive of any city that wouldn't put education at the top of its agenda." -SF Mayor Ed Lee
Morning Rockstars! > The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Earl of Beaconsfield
Lovely visit! Nice meeting your mom. Have fun at the Art Institute is my fave!
At first I didn't care about home court advantage. But I didn't figure the refs into it.
#PurpleStrideMke meeting tonight at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
I had it all covered Darin. Getting my PTO paid out made me a ballet for a night.
we will never know
Actually, I think you just did.
packernation blowing twitter up for DD.
: Thanks for the #FF!
night :D
ALSO THE NIGHT CREAM #2 GIVES ME RASHES, I START GETTING ITCHY WHEN I PUT IT ON!
This smoothie is real !
Taylor Donnadio was a high schooler in Beaver Falls outside of Pittsburgh who killed herself in Jan. #DoItForTED raising awareness
hey, girls!! Hope you're having fun and learning lots!! Thanks for sharing about
#signsyoureatahoodprom they got a metal detector at the door
Ugh, that's what I hate about international competition. Players I really like next to players I *really* don't.
YMCA League Bball Teams > Charlotte Bobcats
Hi Maryse!You can send a message to Miz,and say that he was my coach! if he agrees I'll pay him very well!Please!Help me out!
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with them in school.
My high conversations can be so intelligent
could Cal not play a little more zone to make up for Wiltjer's defensive inability?
Round two nap two
Yes I'll call for that match & it would be a big surprise actually :P
great comment!
Nice! Haven't heard from you in a while wags! Can't wait for you to join us this weekend, Cheers!
he probably thought you saw him and started singing it on purpose, haha
Good Friday, Luxe Citizens!
I've asked Obama to have bin Laden's body toured around the country like the Stanley Cup. He's considering it.
Fave space song: Max Romeo - Chase the Devil ("send him to outta space to find another race")
“: If you want to know who to mistrust, lower your defenses and wait to see who attacks you then”LOVE THE TWEET-BASIC GODFATHER
Me: Mom, where are you? Mom: Just left walmart, halfway home, why sweetie? Me: You brought me to walmart with you -_-
Awesome!! Enjoy your vacation!!
What are your top go-to blogs about social media? I want to build out my Google Reader a little more :)
I talk to my cat alot.
Maybe Dorsey thinks R MacKenzie and E Wolf are about to depart and is eyeing a move upward in GB. But still can't believe it!!
If this block is a true microcosm of this city, then Boston is 60% attractive college kids, 30% drunken bums, and 10% gothic stripper clowns
If you can setup a webcam in the middle of the room I'd be there ;)
that's awesome. A lot of talent out of Texarkana.. Tra Carson as well. Tra Carson too
Need to brush up on Excel? Head to Gibson Lib tomorrow at 9:30 a.m. to pick up some advanced skills. You must have some Excel knowledge.
We walking in victory everyday,lets go, God is good,u can never lose with God,,Team Jesus lets go
I love white trash
Do you have a pair of contacts you can give him??
Everyone Knows i Don't Sleep.
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Christopher Slevin, CEO of Sweat Garage | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Santa Margarita won a round-robin meeting Sat night 2-0
Lost 40 dollars.
Energy vampires, I calls 'em--don't let 'em catch ya lookin' at 'em. Arrrrrhhh! Fight 'em off with caffeine and newscasts!
No there were a lot of Swank people! Also some frenchies
I wonder if is still on his thug shit
Hey hows everyone doing today?! :)
Sorry Your music is too good. I'm taking most/all of it.
School can kiss my ass. I just want to get this day over with so we can play already!
about to go in the club, ima get up wit yall
McSuck is the worst. Bring back T-Joke.
Emily could make me her fan. She could say NO. Oh, please, God. Please let Emily say NO!! P-L-E-A-S-E!!
I'll post a link to the tinychat group and just come in(:
Wasn't crazy about #ofmontreal but #deerhoof was absolutely stellar. Kishi Bashi was a pleasant surprise as well. Good night for music.
it's really good! I had two! You there often?
"the seatbelt is.like 35 pounds hot" 4 year olds r adorable..
Lol Moon Fry
Hello to all of my friends, and Fans. Singer Paul Borges in Cleveland Ohio.
[1 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the top of the 2nd inning. Houston Astros 1, Pittsburgh Pirates 0
silence in the library if you haven't watched it recently?
People have the right to be stupid. Some people abuse that privilege.
how do you feel about costumes?
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my little sister
Couldn't answer right away. Doing shots with Ted watching Bama crush Penn State.
nice job just search :p
i can not say this enough. you really need to come on the 2nd.
Glad my #hicss presentation is over! It went well & I got great feedback and we had an interesting conversation about ict in extreme events
ima put it on him tonite :-*
Even though this is a Republican state, Obama will moonlight as the next Colts coach. Breaking New, U heard it here first!!!
you think TC can beat Jones? They warming up yet?
I swear my migraine goes away the second I take even the slightest sip of my coffee...
Thought I was going to make it back to Dallas EARLY from Austin but no. Stand still traffic 45 min out! What the heck!!!
Beautiful day, 65 degrees. There's nothing better
Streaming a local radio station, took the op to pledge online, only to hear them greeting me by name a few minutes later--out of body exp.!
Love love love my presents had an amazing Christmas with the family and ready for his birthday tomorrow!! :)
RT : #thingswecrave rabbit sausage w butter-poached carrot, black currant cream on a croissant...
I remember one time I got hypnotized on a cruise...
goodnight babe :)
Google made their analytics interface worse? How could they make it worse? How was it possible to make it worse?
haha, I'm really lucky to be where I'm at today. There's always somethin more tho, all I need is a good girl.
hate it!!
Is there anything I can do? Is there any particular thing I can pray for? I'm still here!
“: : That's Doc Emrick, Coach. And you're right. he is awesome.”(thank u)
George W. Bush 2: Electric Boogaloo
awesome. I work Sunday so I'm going out tonight for my bday. Dinner than prob oharas or tavern. Come by
and balloons
lol i like to think it happens to all of us =}
final stretch run on a Google Site for a non-profit
Mary please let me come over.
#FF to the best jerkin' crew out there ! Happy Friday!!
Hi! Check out my new show on WNST. Follow us here on Twitter. Thanks! - Bulldog
Both of those points are probably worth noting in the actual UI. ;-)
hey! super chevere!
i hate school its so boring thank god half of my teacher let me do work with music ill do my work with music without ill just get distracted
Does anyone know of a great R Statistical Language tutorial?
I'm sure! There are tons of super fun flea markets in LA. Be sure to check out Melrose Trading Post every Saturday! :)
Holdiay Advice: Good music and games help get you through an awkward extended family Christmas. Don't forget to bring your music!
I wonder how many sprained ankles will occur this summer due 2 all these platform shoes. Maybe I should just buy flipflops & call it good.
I definitely will Topher!
Cold contact lenses are a very specifically horrible morning feeling.
California weather is the weirdest!
I wonder if he'll teach Tebow how to be a good QB?
best rapper alive
You may I say, have a great ass. That is all, bye. xx
On my way to be me my iPhone4s(((: #Finally bye bye HTC Evo 4G.
awesome!! we just did a ton of new demos for the new album also, i'll dm you a link! i'm bombarding you tonight!!
This is gold
I can't find you!
Stay focused. Finish the year strong!!
your over abundance of adjectives makes me smile ;)
that RT vastly changed what I said and intended-you should clarify that.
thank you :)
What you doin in Columbus? Concert?
What a career for John Shurna. When #Northwestern finally makes the #NCAAtournament it will be because of what the baby faced assassin did
Boarding my flight to Los angeles yay!!!!
WELL I GUESS THE DUMMIE KNOW NOW....SMH..AND HIS CHICK GOT LOCKED UP TOO..SMH...DONT' KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO DO
Even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly and is covered, so don't worry, we're gonna rock it!...
nothing like playoff hockey, and witnessing the ovechkin beheading in person...
We're up there! RT : Phillies fans are the greatest and most dedicated in all of baseball
Is show diff broken in the latest gitbox?
Thanks for the RT about the premiere! Did you happen to visit the film's website? (There are great clips there!)
Nah, then I'd be sick of myself. To an extent. ;)
RT ": I've got so much game with women. Too bad I'm not a dude. Lol #NoHomo"
oh dear lord Brooklyn haha please read what you tweeted me last night.
so sad you don't have a decent World Series to watch
I'll bet! Hopefully JBJ didn't hear that though! :-)
#ICantStandPeople who can't handle their high....If you can't, pass the blunt to someone who CAN!!
$525 gas bill :(
3 excedrine migraine and a topamax into the day. At 6am. It's pretty damn awesome.
I don't get the allure of really red lipstick
I want to hear the story.
good night to all.
My hats off to Texas Rangers, you are true contenders and you will one day be World Series champs. Cards will forever be my team though
What are a few resources you would recommend to someone looking to gain insight into becoming a better #leader?
Dope. Make that sick mixtape available for download on that Also let's get some tracks on iTunes. & I'm serious; watch those views.
rt ha! “: Just taught how to use twitter. Follow him for what are sure to be dorky tweets.”
I wish I were one of those lucky people going on vacation for the holidays...........
SHOW TODAY at the Trans Allegheny Lunatic Asylum in Weston. We play at 4PM.. ALL AGES.. FREE!
Tell me when ill see ya smile again thats all i wanna kno'
i'm LOL'ing at this chick rn.
Hi Jure! Topic is on RT : What is the topic today ???? food, alcohol, drugs or rock and roll ?? LOL
That reminds me: I'm taking a 'Canadian kid lit' class for library school. Any book recs?
Lol RT : Watch for that awkward moment tonight when the Saints first round draft pick gets finger-printed on stage by the FBI.
“: I can never get over how good are.” dawg me neither!!
Out. Good luck to TPEers still in.
Well-deserved & congratulations to all of you!
Now's the time to place your order for our 4:20 special! Order $10+ in delivery or takeout between 4:10 and 4:30 pm and get $4.20 off.
No, we haven't kept up-to-date with our upgrades. Does Gary deal with it there?
I wish I cared about the #Oscars kind of in the same way I wish I liked
sounds like we need to make it happen, then!
My husband couldn't deal w/it and left 3 years ago, after 16 years. Jerk. Enjoy the good times :-)
Screw yoga. Cutting grass is more meditative & rewarding. And I can play Imperialist, gradually cutting territory into my neighbors' weekly.
Just found out that Edward Sharpe is opening for Dave. Oh my God.
Good Morning. Life loves giving back to you whatever you have given to it.
Dear World, It was a good season. I'm proud, as ever, to be a Jayhawk. In victory and defeat we wave the wheat.
tell them I say hey!
I think one of my teammates says she designs JLo sleep wear?!....
awesome...thanks! glad you like 'Carrie's Feet!'
Oh wow we lost 20 followers in a day.WTH?
The baseball team is so presh. Love you guys!
Miracle.....asians can speak english...
Prediction for next 10 yrs: 'workplace will have the most change because it needs the most change.'
we are super stoked to be getting some sweet Gretsch guitars in!
WERE ARE U FROM
going against the current. I'm cruel, whether they know it.
Happy Leap Day!
Sanaya Roman~ When you are feeling depreciated angry and drained it is a sign that other people are not open to your energy.
in sept, and I think so ! I haven't really listened to any clips of that song
considering I filled it out in 2 minutes and went for crazy upsets, I wasn't expecting greatness haha lol
GOOD LUCK AMS BLUE :D #goodluck #
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
RT : RT : Be who you are,say what you feel,because those who mind don't matter,& those who matter don't mind.-Dr. Seuss
GO BODE GO
Glad I sat on the right side of the train this morning. The sunrise was gorgeous
that made my night Katia LMAOOO
My pleasure!
RT “: When the library is important to your faculty, they make it important to their students #cildc”
overheard college student: "The only reason I know it is because I got it wrong the first time." via
Firemen! Come in for Captain Morgan shots and cocktails. Upland wheat and Rad Red $4.25!! Great local brews!
Tiff! Happy New Year!
Best thing about being alone in the office? Letting one rip whenever I have to. At least I hope I'm the only one.
Watching Time Fly By , B-/
Crime expert: We don't know how many #kidsofinmates there are in USA. No central record keeping. Finding these kids is hard.
i don't either. pity parties are hard to do!
i wanna reach 400 follower :) anyone help me? :)
Huntsman: Innovation of US is envy of the world
Happy to say that it is officially summer for me. My junior year of college is over and I am now a senior. Exciting but slightly scary!
With Great American Beer Festival, Bush/Chevelle and a Rapids game this weekend, could we be any luckier to live in Denver?
frigging funny thanks from Roswell ga
RT Okay, I'm a whore for clam chowder. I said YES. <<<<----Can't wait to judge chowder again with Seattle Maven!
i added you
The calling on your life is irrelevant, if you don't submit yourself to God.
Thanks so much!
Is it weird that I actually enjoy writing the bibliographies of my papers?
Definitely. RT MKE needs a live music revolution.
#Orlando hanging in there against #Indiana 77-75.
“: Fat on your arms #givesyouwings” so gross. Worst fear.
Don't miss the historic interview with Lady GaGa on Oprah's next chapter
#TebowsPrayers another year of college eligibility
My teachers need to leave me the'f alone.
I still haven't finished unpacking my suitcase from Christmas travel. I just keep taking out things that I need. Shut up.
Relaxing watching the Lakers/Nuggets game. Gotta think this isn't good for LA if Denver can keep it close like this...
Nice page Chris.... Looks Great!
ohh that hike sounds divine! Tweet some pics so we can live vicariously through you!
Thank you for the donation suggestion!
I'll talk with my folks tomorrow, but maybe $500 with the art hosted at yourwildlife and a named award of some sort.
DOCTOR WHO???
I love you Travis.<U+2665> :(
Paid to see at a 9:00 show. Her opening act hasn't even started. Going home. So upset and disappointed.
Hard to say; he'd either have loved the medium's brevity or written it off as a waste of time.
Despite rumors to the contrary, Mike Tate, chair, is assuring all that ALL Dem Senators are on board with stopping #wismine bill.
#MySexPlaylist involves only steel panther!
RT : hahaha ay ay ay< the stripper pole is hard to install...Damn, I just hit my thumb from the hammer!
Thanks Meghan! We are thrilled that you took the time to tweet that! We are so lucky to have the most Twitter generous customers
And figuring out what twitter does.
what's been going on that you might be worried about??
Deion Sanders Is a Real POS!
Love!! Thank you!
RT : Congratulations to all the finalists! Each artist has the chance to take home the $30,000 Sondheim Prize.
Break #1 ah
hit the chapel durin a hospital visit. peeped some scripture. song of songs is damn sexy writing. wanna be a player, read the bible! peace.
Spending the ENTIRE day tomorrow working on Last Breath ish... feel like i need 8 arms
I have living on a prayer stuck in my head
Subtweets are so dang funny (x
Jefferson Davis' wife's name was Varina
B.C.N. would like to give special thanks to Nick Varano of strega Boston , the M.G.M grand and Aria city center of L.V. For a successful trp
everyone please follow my dear lil sister > she is very sweet, cool, fun to chat with, and she follows back too
...of course prayed4 son's fears 1st! ;) Hope&Pray he's sleeping peacefully this wk. Oh memories~we delt w/ night fears too.
I think I may have misunderstood my boss when she told me that she loved seeing me hard at work.
The real hipster nannies of Brooklyn
RT : Dang I'm feeling salty. My almost 3 year old daughter just called me "wack" um...... LOL
lol nice rewording...
If you ever pay full price at Kohl's you're an idiot.
Would like to hear her thoughts on career-oriented woman that are not moms #causewevotetoo RT :
I'm expecting a good amount of #FF's fuckers haha.
I was tossing my phone and missed and hit me in the nuts. Uh
Everyone go to wings etc tonight!
Recovering from the race and taking some time off from running. Perfect time for yoga :)
Thank you!
85% of movie actors
lol mean but hella funny! :p
If you can wait until tonight to buy I'll chat with Mary and get back to you. I'd LOVE to see them live. Let me know.
Ive done that before too...bol! They cant help but love us anyway though :-)
How is it that I don't drink, yet still wake up feeling like I have a hangover. Ugh.
“: O gezzzz I'm so sorry no more rants I swear! <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>” Just woke up. I'm enjoying them.
shut up! -.- I'm like half asleep #Goodnight <U+2665>
#4WordsYouDont wanna hear: You're really wearing that?
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be. Daniel J. Boorstin
McShane Completes Historic Hairpin Lofts
One of Boxy's co-workers brought her chapati today. My Kenyan stomach is feeling very jealous right about now...
I accept blame. Also, you're welcome for the flavor explosion. (Cc )
RT "I dont know what I did wrong"
Mornings, in which the beacons are lit for the dead.
Why is that, when I make a new friend who I get close to, he or she ends up moving? :/
I watched it last night while doing U.S. history homework
Platschke: Without the firepower of Lamar Odom the Lakers arrack spent most of the ...game as if trudging thru mounds of torn wrapping paper
We should burn a H instead of a E? ... I never got that..
Don't forget to RSVP to our Prez if you plan on attending the Chivas event on April 21st.
Yuuuuummmmmmm. Chocolate covered peanuts in the sat truck before live shot. Now thats the way to fuel up!
thanks for the follow! Loved meeting you in Seattle and your sharing the message of health of nutritional awareness.
WAIT!! We have not finished your New Years gift yet. :) give me more time. ;)
Pinelands hike this Saturday in Evesham - South Jersey Local News
sounds like a good movie. Will have to watch it
He'll take your heart and break it, listen to me
And he steals second! comes to bat w/ runners in scoring position... literally. Wait, what?
Nothing feels real anymore.
You can tweet us anytime :) Or all three of us @ ;) <3
#RIPBelieberIvansitop I can't omfg, WHY? :( praying for the family. feeling like someone of my family died. omg.
California community colleges planning to start sharing data on wage outcomes with students to help them decide what to study.
I hear ya on the sun.Things are going well. When it gets warm, let's set up a date for beer or sausage races.
Focused on the positive today :)
"Juggling Truths: When Justice is a Moving Target" is the title of Hon. UNITY DOW's lecture, which will open our Series on Mar 27th at 7pm
They can sometimes save you money versus buying two separate costumes for both of you
Good luck to and the CSU Rams against San Diego State tonight!
Me caes MAL :)
Video not working... :/
Chris Bosh is the Heat MVP... u see why now
Impressed w/Constantia, Calibri in MS Word for office use: try them! But wish they had semibold versions (& light for Calibri)
I dont wanna be single forever =/
Heading to be but ready for some GNCC racing tomorrow!!!
So much for small Gov't. Since you've been in office, WI has been flooded with Gov't BS. You're bad at your job.
How were the results?
I never realized how many teams are WITHOUT good Big men... shyts embarrasing
LOL RT : I've seen better performances on stage at Chuck E. Cheese by those robots.
Where? ": im finna walk around there!"
Just get my butt kicked at piyo class!
I had one...mysteriously lost it somewhere in the bedroom. It ran away from me but it couldn't have gone far!!
Just got in. Drained.
“: about to watch Jason goes to hell”
Watching the #Broncos #Pats with & in a basement painted #Packers green.
Should have had tickets. They'd have gone!
These One Direction boys can have my heart...like all of it.
Starting to save the pennies for recording!
PickUpLine: You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.
I hate when people are at my house and ask, "Do you have a bathroom?" no we all go out and crap in the yard...
heck yea,chocolate is my bestie<3
yo in reality, over half the music out today no one's saying a shit n those regurgitated punchlines... mediocre upper echelon raps..
"Indescribable, uncontainable, You placed the stars in the sky and know them by name. You are amazing God!" Our God is so so amazing!
do you like?
The next thing we knew, Craig's List was America's first line of defense.
You already love us, now you can follow us! Follow Dave and Andy's on Twitter for some of the sweetest tweets in PGH!
thanks cheers!
try the detox tea with some creme de menthe at mochas it will change your world
MT “: "How many crescendos/can someone feel at the same time?" by Jason Bredle, who read @ the June '08 Rhapsodomancy reading.
follow me :)
Sample our 60 piece savory or sweet gem's by opening a FREE account with us online www.klassicgemcuisine.com/Account_Register.aspx
haha oh lord
I can think of one in particular who begs daily
Wow.... you're right! That ones a beauty!!!
The #Celtics are shooting 67 percent. Can an entire team have a heat check? How does that work?
good morning yall!!!
Is awaiting a special visitor coming in from Seoul. And it just landed.
God damn my mother doesn't shut up about anything!
You were right, 315 backed up a little at the cross over, then it was very tight between the barriers.
what time and where?
do you still have your version to track? Audition tapes?... maybe can find them for ya :)
I liked it too! Was cracking up.
beware the ides of march....fabio was born on this day....SCARY!
Greetings from Yiwu China!
Happy #FF to my 500th follower !! Also:
I love
You good my guy...what's goin on
thank's for follow me :)
Happy Mother's Day You've been through so much since but it never changed your ability to <U+2665> everyone unconditionally!
If you'd like to save your company money, start by placing a call to #AdvancedMailingServices. (505) 899-3104
"A girl giving a handjob has to feel like a monkey trying to put a square block into a round hole."-One of my bosses.
slut, I misses youz!!):
Taylor Gang or ash an L in ' s car. lol
That being said, i still love NYC
About to perform @ this lil block party!!!
Cant wait for 2012..... FOR MILEY!! LOL
It's okay ! Those hatred are just trying to brake you down but you tower over them like a skyscraper!(: <3
I Hate When People Kno They Can't Sing and be The Loudest Ones.
So I'll have about 12-24 hour flu symptoms..good thing my daddy is a bio-chemist..tee hee..he knows that stuff..
eat all the chips you want but having a bag of chips under your pillow doesn't sound comfortable lol
Communication is a skill that you can learn
is a slim jim a food or a tool?
Wally Bell's got his coin out to determine the close one's again.
today is going to be awesome. not sure what's gonna happen except I'm gonna be nice to others and sport a nonstop smile. /via
If I had myself as a teacher, I would hate me. Ie, these papers are bleeding.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man. ~Henry David Thoreau
but idk kno nobody here I jus work here at the JPL
If your tween is trying out fb and youtube have them go to togetherville instead. kid safe and fun. my daughter loves it.
New menu coming soon. Lots of new flavors to try. Sneak Peak: Carmel-isous, Cinna-Yum, Creamsicle.
holy crap you have abs! How did I never know?!
RT : Ambassadors and vice presidents of foreign nations here speaking simultaneously...just another day
Have so much to do, wish I could just do it all instead of tweeting!
Obamas surprise trip to Afghanistan? I can't help but feel like he's gonna be making a surprise trip to the cemetery.
Thank you, to my meek masseuse this morning, for not shrieking wildly upon discovering I have jumbo-Legos for muscles in my upper back.
ha ,well it's truee ! &you're welcomee ((:
- finah call it a nite in bout 15 mo minutes.!
Red solo cup!
You act like I'm the one who said it? Dang.
Santa baby
Ok. Albuquerque it is.
I will definitely be looking for that.
Gah I'm tired! Work was long tonight. Panty raid starts tomorrow...7 for $26. Getcha some!
good, I'm glad... I need to see your real face soon.
It's the beginning of May and I'm already tired of hearing about RGIII and the Redskins. Going to be a long year in DC . . .
We need examples of SIDES in PDF or WORD Format for a new Import Sides feature! Please send to
Waiting for the bus.
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Stay away from Captain Howdy.
Should have just set up a canned email response today consisting of "Fuck you."
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
Accounting Clerk needed with GDC Digital Cinema Network Via FMI:
we are upstairs in the room to the right.
Boot camp with Kirsten at 7am tomorrow. Thinking I want to take the bike out for a ride too....
Wishing you all a very happy Durga Puja and Navratri on behalf of Enlime :)
It's *complicated* but then the best things often are.
why tank ju chica...what do u do?
You can talk about me, cus im a hot topic
Sounds good, John! I think we're going to same breakfast with #salesforce. Let's order something expensive. ;-)
Cannot wait for #PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! <U+2764>
MT : Just returned from #Burma's #Kachin State where violence by Burmese army continues wreak havoc on civilian population
I don't think it should be in every aspect. Solo work is still important. Check my summary of "Quiet" for why.
Mon morn. office hours: Designs new business cards for #MCAC and advising for fall starts. 2 meetings yet none with my actual advisees.
Is there any way you can inform the techies that the USTREAM of the show is down? Laptop issue I think. Everyone is waiting
Hello Tom!
For some reason my coordination is off and I keep bumping into things and falling. Not a good time.
What is wrong with folk now, I mean U talk 2 them in real life & they log on 2 Facebook & dry snitch the conversation & sequence of events!
I'll follow the next 32 people who follows me :)
why won't you say hi to me?:(
listening to #TheHungerGames while I work. Second "reading" of the book and I still love it.
Listening to Ed Sheeran perform live at the Filter party- he's quite good. Check him out!
remember you're entitled to your opinions, even if nobody understands them!
I feel like I hear that from you a lot
exactly! If there's a list for apps that could make you cry this should go on it.
Green Bay vs. New Orleans tonight! Ready to stop hearing the phrase "Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers"
how did the boys look tonight? I saw San Jac allow LSCypress to hang around the first half b4 blowing them out in the 2nd half.
I would never say something I am afraid to say twice.....
exactly! That's what happened to me when I over-prepared!
gaaaw why are you so pretty ?! lolol (:
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight. Text me 954-654-5605 I got tickets for you
Are you guys working? ?
Correction, the costume is on the road to Toledo. We can provide photos if needed.
RT : Bo Burnham cancelled for tonight. Will be rescheduled and tickets will be valid for later date.
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU started during the summer and its was one of the best summers i had
I do not understand when people order a small #coffee. My mind cannot comprehend the point of it.
Top-notch pro San Francisco singer pianist for recording, rehearsing, performing, accompanying, lessons & tutoring (at your house!): $75/hr.
nothing but the truth love and promise not to let you down
a few. Only been looking in wa for the moment. is really good and have an email daily too
YOU are so beautiful! Pwetty picture!!
re "may have to start stalk texting to have some fun." Stalk on baby :D Kidding! Tell ur husband I'm kidding!!
I was follow by same escort twitter bots
yesh MY Jelly Bean ;D
Back at #ISOJ12 w/ Glenn Frankel intro of Jim Moroney on "Becoming The Economist of Metro Newspapers & the Pursuit of the Tablet Audience"
There's nothing God can't do mp matter what life seems like
deff gonna watch!!
i actually went to great lengths to release it, because it insisted on continually slamming itself against the window.
is home for a WHOLE month!!!! SO excited to spend time wif my sissy!!!! =D
I'm confused trying to follow the logic here.
I need yall to follow my boy to get his business goin in the Twitter world!! Cmon yall, go follow...
#IWantBTRAutograph GYM CLASS HEROES YEAH :), i love them but i love BTR more <3
Freddy Bliffert is playing at Bliffert Lumber and Hardware Saturday for their 1st Anniversary event. You don't want to miss that!
K but if ya blink ya miss me! Haha
Fuck SNL running god damn re runs from two months ago.. You might as well re-run some shit from the early days or late 80's through '97
So true.
done with summer schoooolllll!!! hell yeah! School starts Sept 24th! :-)
"Bruno can't speak English!" lololol
Weather aside, the fact that there are only 5 runs combined in a game where the strike zone is this small is atrocious.
Happy birthday :)
Rolling up and reading my Saturday Paper
New Mexico Satellite Man wall-mounts HDTVs. Give me a call if you got one this Christmas! 350-6428
Well, if the Umpire called Montero out when he should have....
A recent survey has said that 29% of owners sleep with their pets on the bed
I can sing you a million songs and mean every word in all of em
#LSU athletics wants YOU to go to room 51 in Himes Hall and fill out a survey about what sports you would like to see at varsity level (LAX)
The tensions rise in your mind and you think back to realizing everything that you left behind.
lmao. I love em too much to keep em in a box
That's funny but I imagine it would get quite annoying
Done this before. You left it up for 2 seconds.
I showed love because you gave love but now I see :( #2TearsInABucketFuckIt..Im not even mad jus
March is Developmental Disabilities Awareness Month-- proud to be a #specialneeds parent & advocate.
proud of new york for passing gay marriage
I used to care about you, but not anymore.
Showers are a huge stress reliever.. And a good way to clean yourself.
Goodnight Twitterverse! Looking forward to giving thanks to God...and eating that tasty turkey.
technology journalism is almost as bad as fox news at this point
#icantgoadaywithout breathing, it's what I do for a living!
sorry to hear about the chlamydia bro
Jamie Crowley is so sexxyy:-* i love her so much ! she is amazing and i think you should all follow her
Hopefully we get a pool :)
Skene! records - I used to hound the crap out of that label.
Still having trouble Reanne!:( Maybe I could come into school for a training session! My calendar didn't come over eiher:(
#lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks. Got questions? Look for the orange-feathered hats and make sure to say hi!
Everyone wish our lead singer Sean Neumann a Happy 21st Birthday!!
it's okay! yes! It's so cute. HE IS SO HOT! <U+2665>
it's been ages since I've been stung, but from what I remember... it's no fun >:(
Another fun filled adventure in Aggieland
Hadeed! Sir, you have created the most addictive jingle that plays on WTOP. *hums the Hadeed jingle*
I can't watch this anymore just giving up, ill forget it when u win the champions league.
Put my HID's in today!
It's Friday looks like we are getting some sun in #pdx this weekend!
Anyone go to the #beach today?
damn yesterday made 4 months its still so unreal is gone I still think about you girl ily RIP ASHLEY <3
The new halo Xbox 360 game is the business !
Hawks need to keep the foot on the gas, no let up...NYR is a dangerous team
#NW #TanishaGetsMarried Me and my dad over her dying laughing. Your Boyfriend is off the hook for the size 8. Hilarious!
had a seminar to do this a.m then went to the furniture store in afternoon. Still workin. It'll be over by 6:00!!
SPURS ALLDAY BABY!!
Let's help the great get to 10,000 followers by his Feb 9th birthday.
Important to think about life expectancy of library buildings and how often to update/replace components. Build into budget.
Re: deal--the fine print notes our new stores arent open yet. The deal will be available to use @ both when open in early 2012
Kirby wants me to upgrade from a sgt to captain.. Hmm
yes! he literally asks like everyday, "When's Joe gonna come over?!" so you best come over soon.
Awesome to see #CTW6 moving ahead :D - If anyone needs an editor, let me know ASAP so I can schedule the time... cheers everyone & good luck
i just realized i don't like orange juice...but i drink it anyway
I guess love *can* bite, bleed, *and* bring me to my knees...
Chicago is ranked #9 in geography. They closed that department over a decade ago.
that's really sad.. Do you still want the toy phone? Hahaha
DC's Japanese Cherries were called "Oriental Flowering Cherries" during WWII.
Hey , i'd like help in any way if you find that ConvergeSE 2012 needs it. I work upstairs so i can get to IT-ology quickly :)
oh btw, I'm still in my pj's :3
“: ha cool, you're both fucking faggots. Go make some more horrible music.” LOLOLOL
Hey hey ...I made it to Raleigh lady. Staying in North Hill until Wednesday late morning.
Actions speak louder then words!
And I am now in a car full of frat boys blasting gaga...my life...my life...
Tegan and Sara <U+2764>
If you like Facing the Giants and Courageous, you would like the other two as well! Let me know when you get to watch them!
Bone thugz greatest hits on the way to work today.
Watching one of my favorite movies The Wood until I fall asleep
Ugh it's night time again.
Thinking about practicing #Yoga!
#CC250 MAYBE THAT'S THE POINT OF IT
Wouldn't mind seeing Buz, Tony and Darren 3 handed. Would be really fun to watch. GG Farid! :-(
Happy to be home and drinking water straight from the tap!
No. Or else every match should see approx 26 pens. Similar to RVP's 2nd yellow. He kick late? Yes (1sec). But ~never yellow
RT : READER COMMENT: Our #future is only as secure as the #children we raise to lead it.
This is MTV, right?
Had a fun time at your screening of She's Out Of My League at SMG. Thanks for bringing stars Alice & Krysten for meet & greet
Are you a do-it-yourself property manager? We are happy to be a free resource for any questions you may have. www.sjarealestate.com
Same. Progressive voices are clearly needed there, but I'm not sure if my contributions will be productive in that community :(
Not yet. I'll take a look after work, though! Thanks!
On my way to work :( again lol. Great day friends.
Tablets. I love them,,,,except the price jumped like 4$ a bottle at a local Walmart
is the latest county to use ENR for their #election reporting online! Happy to work with you!
now I need to go see at and check out! :)
my nigga can you and do another song together when he get out?
I love you this big , eyes have never seen this big. #memories :)
if you are in Texas, you have to use the word fixin as a verb. You're fixin to go to San Antonio
Relax & enjoy that wine! :)
Is there a Handbook and if so what page am I on?
In Palo Alto for the night. Best Malai Kofta to be found is south of SF.
All I've eaten today is bacon and eggs fried in bacon grease. I'm trying to shed those holiday pounds. :)
"what do I stop you from doing tonight... you making out w/strangers or making out w/only 1 stranger?" "keep me hydrated"
well thank you! :)
I was so going to ride the camels
thank you! Please check your DMs
“: Nice knowing from someone else your mad at me. Thats cool.” ... Why would u listen to mike.
as you can easily see our global rank has risen some near two thousand spots.....beware ye travelers, beware!!!! ;)
I know who you can go see it with.... LOL!
WE DO TOO!
The new Sigur Rós reminds me a lot of their first album, Von.
The diner all night with a bunch of friends. breaking all the rules.
Just worked out hard in the gym w/Erin..As hard as I go I know I have more to do..so sometimes it gets frustrating..gotta keep on keepin on!
#MidnightHungerGames in imax with ! SO. EXCITED.
Dinner at Martinos! How did I just spend $11 on food here?
": I really should not of had that sip of water I mite get sick but the pain is less than my broken heart" makes.no sense.
hey sis. Pray all is well
S/o go follow them to greatness!!!!
moisturizer is most important to me
In exactly one week I will be done with my sophomore year of college & be on my way back to spend the summer with :)
Uh oh. Kobe has a case of the mud butts tonite and denver taking it to them
' I'm tired as hell , but can't go to sleep!
Tonight's gonna be fun!
RT if you will support austin no matter what.<3
Hm... We have your question into the Brewers. In the meantime, you can try calling the ticket office 414-903-4000.
sorry well it's not to far lol just joking
just keep me in mind if someone is hiring. And a prayer or two can't hurt...
It's like I spy books.Love those.The challenge of finding it.lol.Gonna watch last 4 episodes On Demand usually miss something
lol ... She must not understand ... It aint going through her mind
RT : #RumorHasIt your girl wants to sex me on the low. Lol must a been a good Saturday
Just finished 's book (loved it/seriously a great xmas present) and tonight I'm starting on 's Place of Yes!
Correction, Tasker with his second of the game
RT "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
We're headed for the rock n' roll hall of shame!
Working on my spiritual core for the rest of 2012. Everything will be done and said with intention.
- Why is it that the only thing I want off my mind is the one thing I can't stop thinking about?
glad you are back, nice new handle, and yes it's playful and was available... hope these attributes go with you as well
so excited you are hosting this week will definitly tune in and DVR...
She told ha girl friend ass so fat needa lap dance
I can not wake up this morning.
NO.1 Best Deals and Discounts BISSELL Steam Sponge, Titanium ...
Ugh, last day of spring break -____- ugh!
OMG!!!!!! Gia just took six steps widdout falling down!!!!
hahahahah...yeah, at the end, nobody got arrested, so i was like "OK, that sux"....it was an episode called Secrets
Hope everyone is enjoying the sessions at the 18th C conf in Texas - Don't forget to stop in at the Cambridge book booth tomorrow!
lmao!! You sent that right before I sent mine xD <3
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst." -William Penn I had to post this and should probably write it down 100 times.
its about to down!! ": OFFICIAL SUC ALBUM IN STORES MAY 2012 SPREAD THE WORD"
Had a great time talking with ! # fastforward
Happy Leap Day
Was that "barn autodetect"?
Made in Mexico, Born in the USA :)
and how could I forget.... Flogging molly atbonoroo!!!
Preparing for tonight's event! Should be fun!
Upper West Siders looking for pizzazz in their pizza need to check out . Points and pizza make a perfect combo.
Back to making soap today! On the menu: oatmeal milk & honey, rock star, peppermint patty-cake, lavender, dragon's blood and lemony.
So you're gonna spend this fine breezy evening on AveC eh?
Pedigree Foundation Grants Available If you work for or know of a shelter that is doing something innovative to increase dog adoptions, t
Yeah, totally know how you feel. Keep on...
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
Big day coming up, Nov 14th at the Merrell Center!!! What a slate of game put together by !
Got rivered for four different buy ins in a home game. Home now. The wife and i are drinking jäger bombs now
I don't wanna be a grown up. I wanna stay a kid. This program just made me majorly depressed...
I look forward to trying the Mezcal at the show today. Heard it was great.
Is loving the Empowered Woman Miami summit!
Yes it will
St. Elizabeth Ann Seaton Catholic Church holds 5th District Candidate Debate (Carmel, IN)
Mavs at thunder can't wait
Congrats to Katrina on team on
i died two off to a guy that had dead mans hand and threw a c4 at me
ha ha, love the promotion!!!! FYI, it is the best!
enjoy exercise! if you hate weights, don't go to the gym. you can lose weight & get in shape with any type of training or activity
Oh yeah? As a source?
So, what happened to summer?
“: I told my ls's I wasn't going to brew city if wasn't going, she always do that to me lol”
You are RIGHT about that. Onward!!
Yep, sure does. Definitely doesn't look like Jones. Thanks for the heads-up.
How freaking great is the song "Angel" by Shaggy?
Fun times at YSU today! :)
I did not see the post in Facebok I saw it as a tweet.
okay, a test of linking here to facebook
we are going to foster it....so we need another rapper..maybe usher??? What other ideas?
It's not that I don't like you, I just need you to disappear.
#FF ... thanks for making the #EHS experience the BEST experience!
might give cjh a shot again. Just want value, don't feel like they offer much. Why I'm following fewer and fewer "personalities"
What did I win? and Why?
So what's the answer? Ha ha!
In your face people. I just got followed by That's right. An entire town is at my beck and call.
He Gone Make 1 tweet Me And Him gone Fight....
On my way to Chicago for ALA. Yay!
yayyy there u go amber I could not find u on my list bootleg blackberry of mine
re cobertura - I guess so. Is that b/c of the failsafe plug-in?
At the creek with grace, ashley, and rayni
Bears just took a guy they could have gotten in the 2nd or 3rd round. Seriously who's paying these guys to pick these kids!
I love myself too much to fuck me over...
lol what if his mom wrote it for him..?
not so fast
cause I wont tell her something. *Laughs a little and blushes lightly*
after I eat and run, those two are my top priories today haha
Sup my dude
I was being sincere cause I fucking liked you and dident wanna be like a fucking douche bag and be like omfg nice noodz let's
alright! We so got this!
Who makes a fake twitter? I mean really?
Barcode Magazine to relaunch online as The South Florida Source Look for our new website coming soon!
Way to be KG!
there is nothing social about social networks, take your hands off your device and get out from behind your screen!
I know I have not been on twitter lately....had a really tough situation...but im back :)
Stopped by yesterday and bumped into my old friends from Falco Ink (). Good peeps all around. Give them a follow!
i really feel like i'm losing your love...
Hamm's beer-born in the land of the sky blue waters. Only $12.99 a case. Definition of American Classic.
Russell Wilson is by far the best value at QB now. Undervalued because he is undertall... but so was Drew Brees. Sick athlete.
Jeydon Jeydon ..... JEYDON!!!!!! I have something important to say!!!!!!!!!!!! Your beautiful!! <3 And you should follow me
Live at WhiskeyBar downtown Cincy til' 4p. Come river dance and drink green things with us!
Whoot! We exist!
I mean I'm sure you have an open mind!
well i will listen up well im a basketball player im 14 im 6'6 and i just wanna ask can u give me a shout out tmrrw
lol i need to see you sometime this summer! (:
Thank you! We are excited too!
LOOK!!! over here LMAO
#ilikeobamacare because I don't watch Fox news and actually understand what it's doing to help Americans
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING!9
DHS....smiles in your face in the height of their deceit
RT Getting ready for my #NASCIO speech today on 'all things #data'
Cue kazoo theme! RT : Well, I made it to 1,000 followers thanks to - high fives all around!
Well we weren't chosen for a M&G for but pack your Bruins shirt I have 2 tickets for Saturdays Game :)
If one spends the weekend working, it should be on 's brilliant new novel, w/ a Bulleit Rye. Petition the editor's union.
That awkward moment when you're giving her your all, going balls deep & she still doesn't make a sound.
Is Twitter much less popular in England?
#PeopleNeedToStop at stop signs
going shopping today im a happy girl!:)
Absolutely! RT : Hello again - Enjoyed meeting Jim at your #HRSWC booth. Let's stay connected.
CONGRATS to COYOTES & SUNS!!! Big Wins Tonight!! Hometown Proud!
ha ha! I saw that last month and its still way funny today!
iJever is back? Lord kill me now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Shout Out To For Shutting It Down At My School MLK Tonight And For Giving The Download For The "Produce Section" My New Fav DJ Foreal
I hope this turns into one of those games we look back on at the end of the year.
hahaha no worries!!! Glad u had fun!!!
Birthdays on Friday!!! :D
pussy runs everything
I did it! I filed my taxes - itemized deductions and everything. With over an hour to go. Yay for me.
Heath Bell's slide into the pitcher's mound was just clutch and very amusing.
Oh, I just remembered that I also had a peppermint patty. That's not any better...
Love'd your Video On WSHH . Your The Only Chick Were I Watched The Whole Video.
:-( RT : Shame on you for screwing me out of my commission.... SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Sunny Monday
After tried to put Carter on me .......
I'm making exercise non-optional just like brushing my teeth or eating meals. It's getting a place in my routine!
barnes can't dribble
So thrilled to welcome a new colleague to #CreateDigital today. We're going to rock it out!
how could I forget? hahahaha(:
Definitely think Boozer is key. More involved he is on offensive end, better defense he plays. Dishing ball well, too.
RENTED - Awesome Home to Be Creative I Finished Basement I Massive Deck amp Garage I Mt Washington - large dog beds
My roommate barely uses social media, only has 100 followers, and he's got a score of 44, only 4 points under me. Wa?
I HEAR U LIL BRO NO BULLSHIT
Dear Christy, 'This vacuum doesn't work very well." Well, YOU don't work very well. Now you know how we feel. Sincerely, the other cashiers.
I love twitter directioners because no one at school would understand my love for Ed Sheeran.
Ima Wild Boy, Strapped Down Like A Cow-Boy
Wow, is it Friday already? This week has flown by. Have a great weekend, everyone!
This Friends marathon is killing any productivity I might have had.
So Benson owns the #hornets AND the
#BoardwalkEmpire #Jimmy #wtf #why #speechless #season3 can't wait. You're amazing!
the entire thing is sad to watch, i only wish i still had my brothers here on earth
Come on Mavs dont let me down
lol just got your message! I'm great, how about you?
Visit us at Al Teatro 10PM-1:30AM TONITE 1223 W. 18th St in Pilsen.Great jazz Pro jam Free parking no cover Late menu inexpensive drinks
Kevin Martin = clutch tonight! And Kyle Lowry deserves to be an All Star. Let's get out and make sure we vote for him.
No more TO's Saints.
Sure, I'll pretend to give a shit about new years.
i like your new backround & icon (:
sup, trampoline? :)
One of the most significant meetings in the world is taking place now: the American College and U Presidents' Climate Commitment.
this is killing me, but I'll never admit it to you.
Just came back from Church:-) Happy Good Friday:-)
Postrockology in the morning >
thanks! definitely check us out.
FINALLY found Strawberry Harvest in Chitown! Now if the weather would cooperate, I'm ready for summer outdoor drinking.
Hahaha I guess it is easier to wait in line than wait for the shipping.
Nicely done, btw. Would love to do some kind of comprehensive comparison. How many total response-time minutes might be saved?
Once you had the best...well thats it. No comparison.
Think "Rico Suave", not "moustache". RT : Quick correction, it is Gerardo with two R's and no L. Gerardo Concepcion.
great movie... miss you
Interesting to see Mayor Bloomberg do everything in his power to ensure that people come out in droves for May Day.
that's for the follow! We love the Rod Ryan show! Always checking his crazy links
it's match day here at Penn today! I am always learning something new.
Thanks for our great partners and guests talking social for regulated industries
Any hangovers today? lol Good morning tweetiessssss!!
RT : Math teacher? Go with Tablet & Microsoft OneNote & wireless projector ... life will be immensely better
Something about women in leopard dresses
Balloon Museum & combo tickets available now! $8/adult for one session & Museum entrance. #505-880-0500 to purchase
"where's your holocaust?"
HAMMER TIME!!!
you're having a little too much fun! TGIF (is TX warmer than here?)
LOVE it. So. Much.
I am even more depressed this yr because I had a sliver of hope. fading fast.
Any excuse to bash the #RedSox this season. Josh Beckett golfing isn't smart but also isn't a big deal. He was never really injured.
In a game full of liars it turns out that I'm the truth
not a cute look.
There's no reason we can't do this again in June! We only need 45,000 #Orioles fans!
Can't wait to see you in a couple of weeks!
... in a basically healthy society, rather than islands of hardship in a pathologically unequal society.
IT WILL RAIN on the radio! should be a good game ;)
I hear u. Took me two hours man
1968: "Music people never wanted ordinary drinks. They wanted sake, or champagne cocktails, or tequila neat" - Joan Didion, The White Album
If My Headphones Are In , I Clearly Cant Hear You ... Stop Fucking Talking To Me ! Preciate It :)
dude let me know when you head to the #apple store to buy the new #iPad. I'm going with yuh.
tell her save me some Bacon! Lol
PLEASE start a serious campaign 2 end speed and traffic cameras. They don't increase traffic safety: They only raise revenue.
Presenting this morning & showing your storify on #AnthonyShadid. How many minutes to produce that?
Since you cant handle the truth. . Ima
if we are planting in NYC shouldn't we be doing some type of site survey? Happy birthday man!
love the montgomery inn ribs, best ever had
follow me do I can DM you my number
#parents #health Over 50 percent (50%) of school students report seeing or hearing of a Bullying situation in
Juliet Simms back to blonde?! Ah i loue you! Killing it on
yup love
ok say sorry
Lucky I hate those pandora commercials.
Entertain me. Tell me your funny stories from the weekend. I may send you a free sample of Closing Time if you make me laugh ;)
Deandre Jordan has Braylon Edwards' hands.
Also, I'd appreciate a Saint Bernard with a little whiskey jug around its neck right about now.
Dropping sexy, deep and tech house at Kyma lounge 1st floor of the EPIC hotel....
Glad you back home.....how are you
I will be there! FUN. You know Tulsa is my old stomping grounds...don't tell anyone you know me ;).
Okay, totally not enjoying sitting between 2 chatty little girls right now.
Design for the whole family inc Parent as Learning partner.
That aint gone do nothing, ill find it.
Happy Monday folks!
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
You? How was NAB?
#aam2012 Sometimes Boring, Sometimes Interesting: great example of new scholarship
love it.. Good for you. Love the drive & passion.
Great to see you and meet your dad today. Let's try to grab coffee sometime soon and catch up.
i know all about it. lol, we had the worst offensive line in football last year, and still made the NFC champ game.
Welcome home fail. My dog was so excited to see me he split my lip open. Nothing says we missed you like a fat lip.
idk you tell me
I won't be at Night Strike till probably 730, 8 this week.. we could put a date on the calendar to talk though, if you'd like!
I call dibs on in the office baby pool!!!!
found some good map librarian resources today
Ugh, Interleague play is back again. Guess I should revel in the last season where it only takes up a few weeks before it's everyday next yr
hold up rewind since when you
The Marina will never be the same #youwillbemissedburell!
Going 2 work.
People are aware that James Bond drank a "Miller's High Life" in Live and Let Die, right? That's both beer, and product placement.
Tuesday. 1:05. Padres (6-16)? The stadium will be EMPTY!! Maybe we should buy cheapo's and move down?
Do You Really Wanna Love Me Forever ? (: -J.Cole Work Out <3
I heard your Malkovich on #DLM. I think you're channeling Anthony Jeselnik.
the man said scraps needs 2 go 2 the vet, but scraps stomped his paw & said no. then scraps paw REALLY hurt. current status: at the vet.
Rain rain go away
LAST TIME TO SEE EXCITING SOUNDS OF AL MARTINO PHOTOGRAPHY SHOW, 1ST FRIDAY JULY 3: WWW.THEFALLOUT.NET
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 4::I can't stand beer, aquired taste my behind! LOL!!
why the hell dont I follow you on pinterest?!
OK my friend. I'm up and running. Someday soon I will have something interesting to say...I promise. Until then, Happy New Year.
Thanks to for speaking at our Senior Management Interchange earlier this week!
#LakerNation !! Let's Go
Haha I know right ?
Made: I Wanna Be A Ladies Man will always be my favorite episodes
PPS - I met Michael Tokin at an event in December. Definitely felt that karass / kin-ness in his presence.
that's a good one
New Avengers, New Batman and New Spiderman movies this summer... Too bad we can't run cars on nerd semen.
starting to think better comparison might be Truman and armed forces than Lincoln. Similar level of risk, pressure, courage
“: Heartache, heartache, I just have so much. A simple love with a complex touch.” and there is nothing you could say or do..
Half price bottles of vino open to close...Happy Saturday!
just went to americas best yep yep:)
Sure, you can say that some of them aren't attractive to you cuz not everyone has the same taste, but to say you don't like them? HOW?!
#My1stYearAtFAMU At least I tried to warn people about that hole... It never worked though... LMAO
To ClIent: Can I go home? From Client: Can you work from home If I need you to? To Client: I guess I can. From Client: ok, free to go
We were happy to have the #1812 Bicent. Comm. meeting at our place. If you are interested in putting on related programs, give us a call.
oh i'm sure haha
So the fact that outside of Big Ben, they played alright vs. good QBs, still had an easier schedule then most. We'll see in '12
Chris Paul Time!
Peter Feinstein will be on #HotHeadHappyHour w/ tonight at 7! Listen on or !
-support toll free is busy, servers are down, and no way to open a ticket at myrackspace. Can we get an update from the RS team?
A lot of people hate on Rufus Wainwright's take on it, but it's pretty good!
Bailey hasn't been an ace by any means, but it's not like he's been terrible either.
(2/3) For I dance And drink and sing, Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing. If thought is life And strength and breath,
whoa. lots of tweets from you with links. I might be inclined to follow you back, if you made some non-link tweets.
So #Calipari is Grand Marshall for the #PegasusParade today?! I'm making a sign. Suggestions on what it should say?
im jk. You're a natural. ;-)
#BiggestRegret not calling jaheims manager back
Dude, Rappers that say the same verse 20X, it really sucks! I could do that, wish I could get some doe just saying the same thing!
where are you sitting at fantabuloso !?
Tell me you guys do "The Boy Is Mine" when you have late nights in the writers room.
#DLife #DLifeTheSeries #DrewWatters #TimothyLaneDoty I am so honored to with them on DLife the Series, look for it on Facev
okay thanks.
Thank you for sharing your poem! Beautiful and I can very much relate! :)
Though I like most of your work on BTW, I particularly love the production on Electric Chapel, Heavy Metal Lover, and Judas.
Get what?
In a taxi he is playing the hits
Everything is moving slow.right now
RT : Via NAIOP: Taking sustainability to the next level? Read major trends shaping sustainable development from Dan......
#ILikedYouUntil I caught u fucking the dude that sits next to you at work.
If inclusion of (& adherence to) stage directions obviates the need for a director? SO BE IT. If that's all they were doing? Skip it.
I got to get to work. It's over son. It's over
Found rocks in my #TraderJoes peanut butter this morning. Yes, I had gotten the "crunchy" kind, but these definitely were not peanut pieces.
Ron Dart~ The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
Shira!!! I was just talking about this last night!
Both what?!?
is so excited to finally get my chance to play Cinderella in Into the Woods! YES!!! Especially since I'm kinda old enough to play Jack's mom
Bikram yoga kicked my ass today
Obama already planning re-election bid. This is the problem with politicians. How about focusing on doing your job, not keeping it!!!
Lets celebrate our loved ones everyday! :-) Your new version of Young Homie is just WONDERFUL!!
Tomorrow marks my 20th year attending #SIFF. Two decades of love, sex, tears & bloodshed. And, of course, some films.
probably mos wanted, elektrolytes, & RNG. Rng is precise, elektrolytes is entertaining, and mos wanted is, the bomb. \m/
I would really love to see a depressing film about a comedian who was heckled to death.
I require caffeine on an industrial scale. And soon.
fuck. my. life.
Gotta stay focused!
Happy Memorial Day!!
Tbh, that YOLO talk is a fast train to hell.... as a believer you should know that they are already dead until they know Christ.....
Listening to Papaw tell stories about stingy old Dick Frasier - standing out by the barn shivering because he was too cheap to buy a coat.
The lyrics to our song "Don't Give In" have been posted on our blog. Go check them out! :)
i will grab 543891654839016 copies for you :)
netflix instant play?
Gah now isn't letting me look at your blog. Boo
We do what we believe and we say what we feel but we always have something influencing us.
This is so boring.. <U+E40E>
As in all night and everyday... #machopink #manlypastels RT : "...We can party in pink together."
Finally gonna get some nose studs!:)
yes you do haha
Happy Easter TMC. Its been a fun day. I'm gonna relax and snap some Skywalker OG.
Looking for program packages that fit your family's needs and save you money? Check out these special program packages from the Y!...
Easter bunny is grabbing some Easter supplies at where else but my neighborhood Bartell's;-)
after over a year of avoiding twitter.. it happened. Now have an account.
My coolest posts are reserved for the sanctity that is facebook!
Was that a limp or a swag walk?
playing pokemon with my niece lol
this will probably be the Knicks last game
Lebron not cheating, he just doing that soft ish. The refs the dummies falling for it. Flopping is horrible man.
Both are correct. When asked to rate interest, scores seem low, but libraries include OSS options among replacement candidates.
How do employees feel about the company?
RT : #FF American Craft Beer Week
#1Dfact harry says that one of the most romantic things to do with a girl is to take a bath with her with rose petals and candles.
HIlarious show tonight! RT :
Interpreters play a vital role in the fight game, letting viewers know what foreign fighters, and their corner men are saying.
exactly... not to mention Youth Lagoon at milkboy downtown being 21+
Graedons: Seaweed stops bleeding
Brad Pitt
which means yes
who is For Baby? Lol
goodnight Ariana! Sweet dreams love you :*
That awkward moment when shares with the class how he was puking in his sink and poopong on the floor at the same time... Eww
Guess I'll be skipping lunch today. It's from NOM & FOF supporter Chik-Fil-A. Teacher Appreciation Lunch fail.
Way to go Julia! You're right on track for finishing NaNoWriMo! Woohoo.
thanks for the FF
"Reformed" journalist?? I love that.
Who wants to go see that avengers movie this weekend
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
I'll keep you posted as to how it works out! :-)
OK, first impression: Siri, although a little bare-bones right now, is definitely the start of something huge.
bitch you had ONE fight! You AINT bad...
Good choice. “: I guess I'm gonna stay in tonight and enjoy my wine from ”
love that venue, stage 2 is awesome
Day two past due date. Hubby has stomach virus with fever. Need baby to now hold off a day to get hubby well.
Adele takes on women for South Bank awards: Adele, Kate Bush and PJ Harvey' will battle it out for 2012 South Ba..
That sounds delicious but sadly, the Bailey's is tucked away in my parent's liquor cabinet
Ordering my class ring :))))) wow its perfect
Hey U NINA CALL ME!!!
$5 BILLION for Facebook IPO. With that much money, I hope they get an app that corrects my eye sight during the hours I spend staring at it
just sing the Michigan J. Frog song whenever you see the pose! Hello my baby, hello my darling...
I cannot wait to see THE AVENGERS!!!
I miss his big hugs <3
Huh! Why is that?
A poor man cant afford to be lazy
"The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed."
Crap, guess I did RT <sigh> RT : Uh, did I see that Q1 score correctly? 29-7 Lake Show?!? C'mon P-town!!!
Hey I smell SEX...
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fireball
This is very cool!
Girls has two ultimate weapons: MAKEUP and TEARS!
Show me that you still care.
thanks, though
Happy Birthday ! I hope it kicks ass. :)
HI! Small world. :)
To win a postseason game and only CUSA team to still be playing. Let's keep at going today at 7 PM @ Tudor vs Drake. Come out and support!
spending friday nights with >> #BestThingEver <U+E111>
how about Bjorn Rebney and Dana White...?
If its hot this weekend I wanna go to the lake w my baby and girlfriend
IRL you need a deed to prove ownership but online each location-based service makes up their own rules. How can I claim 1X, use many?
I must follow him through thick and thin.
I didn't see it as argumentative. Just refinement.
im in love withh your song..thanks to ! you have an amazing voice<3
& even if the day turns into night, i will love you by candlelight.
RT : Aristotle “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. #leadership #entarch < AMEN!
Yes! Andrew is here. :) <U+2665>
Christmas eve eve:) #bam!
If #Macy's can sponsor the #4thofJuly fireworks in NYC why not Chicago?
nope, my parents didn't love me.
Work, golf, drinks...Doesn't sound like too bad of a day for me :)
Goodness gracious all you have to do is lay there with me and you make some cash. What's so hard
OK, fellow gym rats, help a girl out: How do I combat the effect of humidity on my system during cardio? This is happening INSIDE the gym!
Ensenada was amazing, beautiful concert hall with nice Steinway D, good sound, great! Now back in CA, taking redeye to NY
That's Probably The Last Thing You'd Do.
I loved today's weather
Thanks! It was nice to see after a few days of being overcast.
I'll have to chk it out! SB's going well. In SA/ATX, at the the lake, hiking, ziplining.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 52
I want to be taken...
blake even tried it, i swear to you it taste like chicken...save a beautiful creature who scared the death out of u,HAHA
Great session by from at #secon12. Loved the tangible advice from him and the nonprofit professionals on the panel.
Oh that's a fabulous idea!
Favorite if you like chicken wings. No? My gosh...
Going to school naked today cause YOLO
Cheri Steinkellner&#39;s Tin Pan Alley Musical Hello! My Baby Will Play Lobero Theatre
Titus Livius~ There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
i follow her now :)
Mayor says more kids can attend kindergarten, a lot more.
great tool! thanks for the follow!
Like the Mystique trigger, Rebellion piques our curiosity to know more.
I can't wait for next season! Finally it seems real! Mexico!!!!
Sister just got engaged!
This Bitch..Right here gets her iPhone How slow Am I to the people who got an iPhone Brianna Im slow
So, Harry and a model named Emma Ostilly had dinner last night....
You can’t beat death but you can beat death in life, sometimes. And the more often you learn to do it, the more light there will be.
The California Academy of "Science" still refuses to consider me for membership, despite my expertise and many publications on ethnology.
Has ever played a movie that wasn't absurd?
bambino won't sleep, so he's banging a measuring spoon while I write and momma sleeps... It's heading to 1am kid, go to sleep.
Jus in thinkin mode that's never safe
Mommys day barbecue. Swimming & tannin in this terrible no sun day:(
Important band meeting tonight
naaahhhh... If anything, the opposite is true!!! ;)
confirmation I'm not insane... or at least not *that* insane
Raucous laughter on the other side of the wall. What's going on in 203/204?
Just because someone tells you that you're right and laughs at all your jokes doesn't make you right OR funny. What is their motive?
Losing respect and trust from your bestest friends ):
how was your day?(:
Banana Boat sunscreen. Good stuff.
The marines commercials make me want to go husband hunting.
keep them coming loving them vids #frustrations# RT
Congrats! We're happy to be a part of it!
why do u miss me? You just saw me the other day
always complains he never had a chance 2 make it in NY. Well, congrats your trending #1 in NY for your horrendous performance!
crouches on the toilet when he poops.
I'll settle for oil being down today, even though the market is up for what I consider to be for no good reason.
My mama talking on this phone like she got all types of friends. Girl bye.
I love my little Asian babay :-)
"No good to fight. But if must fight... win!"
Can u fix graphic of Preseason games live on NFLN so week 3 is SD at AZ and not MIN? And please post on web all pre showings
If we're not supposed to eat late, then why is there a light in the fridge?
Yup (today, now). RT : Thunderstorms possible tomorrow?
Please let's not go there again. Awful campaign!
your welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This week at the shop: New art up by Dawn Currie and Joyce Athey! Shep Gold on Friday night from 7-830. We'll be closing early Saturday.
I'm your favorite pongers, favorite ponger
im changing my dp in honor of madre's day.
No , youre not cool.
I Miss you too girl!
some companies asking not only "Where do I start?" but *still* WHY should I start! if you can believe
how was your day baby?<U+2764><U+2764>
All Lifers,Spread the word about our account
Really cool video - thanks for sharing!
developed such a powerful platform for change. We just need to launch it everywhere. Changeby.us.
I love when a Korean FOB kid comes to me and talk to me in English w/ really thick accents..I don't mean to sound mean or anything but c'on
Had my last final today. Starting my summer off with three nights of concerts. HOLLS
": What happened to " he got arrested for being an ass
ATTENTION "THE BREAKTHROUGH" IS COMING SOON
Thanks to everyone that came out and supported us last night!!
ArtKollect apps for galleries, museums and arts organizations will help you to reach a entirely new, mobile audience. Find out how!
I got a line "don't ask me where the time went cuz idk" haha I thought it would all be done last year but its looking good 4 2012!
There's still time to fall in love with your skin. Treat yourself to a long soak this weekend. You deserve it.
“: I ran through them hoes, and I ain't talk 'bout Reggie Bush” lmfao!!!
": I remember a long time ago Everett prank called me like "You're gonna die in 7 days" lol fuckin lame" he did dat shit 2me2
strength training. Cardio, not so much.
Pretty cool. RT : Congrats to - they won GRAND PRIZE in the national "Extra Yarn" contest. How cool is that?
please give bday girl a shirt @ ekiblawi
not bothering to read rest of thread bc statement is so profound “: Reading Rainbow made me who I am today”
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. -Anthony Robbins
Can I please just be an actress and be content with waking up everyday doing what I have dreamed to do since I was 5 ? k thatd be great thnx
maybe n a few hours :)
Hey it's BK, Now that we know where Peyton Manning will play, do you think he will win another Super Bowl before retiring?
Just made cube steak & a baked potato, yummy my favorite
If your not a 10 your a 9.9;)
Feeling pretty good that some of my awesome ideas are splattered all over the KatFans.com page.
I don't know! I just woke up and can't fall back to sleep
That's easy. Bacon, obviously :)
Free the Stanford Seven! Game Theory for me. Many thanks for the tip.~Don
what city are you in?
his name is zack :)
i think its the GIRL! lol but it kool i think they only some a few today and holding the rest til 2ma
Go Birds!!!
Thank you everyone for the #FF and for new followers
#hth2012 Yan: now talking about the "New 7 Wonders"
AH NO HE WONT HE'LL HAVE MORE ALBUMS AND LEGENDS NEVER DIE!!!
For all of our friends in Utah, I hope you are having a great 24th of July ... or Pioneer Day.
same thing.
#KimKardashianSplit I Knew it, just not THAT SOON.
welp bout to plug in tha pod and get cleanin I plans tomorow
lo siento pero that is not the truth para mi
hahaha err, fine. whatever. :x
im a reall7y really really huge fan of urs luv u ah rt plz and follow me
Hope my students watched the VS Fashion Show!!!!
Give yourself the power to make choices in your life.
I love all my fb and twitter stalkers lol
I'm proud to be front Detroit, tonight and always! - Heidi Ewing
I don’t know but that God has created some one man great enough to comprehend the whole of this stupendous crisis . from beginning to end.
Marriage between women and those dumb shows ": Has the bachelor or bachelorette Resulted in any lasting marriages?"
Middlebooks with a salami in his 11th career AB. So often you see a fastball following mound visit…MiddleB saw it well indeed
“ #Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction. She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible.”
"do you keep hearing crazy voices? TURN OFF FOX NEWS" best bumper sticker ever
A wise man makes his own discisions,an ignorant man follows public opinion. proverb
Me too!
it would be nice. i saw both episodes. its just a good tv show.
Wide awake and no way am I ready to start the day without any sleep! Anyway, morning to you all :) Psssst
Also, I really wish they would announce in that Burrows of the #Canucks is a Yankees fan. Might be what the #Bruins need.
I would...
just left!!
- hmm, I used to be her boss, and you can't tell that from her headgear. But for a few minutes she was my 1200th follower.
RT fuck that shit “: I just want to love you ..”
I know this disappoints about zero of you girls... but I'm now engaged! I will let you know where to send weird sex gifts.
RT “: open your eyes to my dark world & let it's beauty encapture your soul...
who's up for a
72 degrees and beautiful in Richmond. Working from home...too busy to take out my camera... ugh
I saw a _____ tattoo that was a complete EPIC FAIL because _____.
hahaha The cost of being in style
Things are starting to get hopping here at Music Hall as we gear up for "A Swingin' New Year's Eve!"
well im glad prom is ruined now.
Awesome js geo estelle! RT Some awesome ideas at #atthack. ... outcome ... I am really hungry for some bacon.
Ues egg whites too can cause bloating. Not always but it's very common
Book abuse! Somebody call the SPCB.
Cow & Chicken my nigga.
whatever makes you sleep at night :p
It is never too late to be who you might have been. ~ George Elliot
yes, I am.
I thought yesterday was a good day, today is even better! God is good! :
so drunk and can't stop talking about it
Wow I cant sleep, can a girl comeover and tell me about her day so I can sleep?
": I hate sleeping alone."
Same here. Same here.
just doing my thang.
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
Almost time for me to pop another Motrin 800mg.
I think I worked on every possible FOUR14 project today... Such a good day!
just got done with the photo shoot : )!
A all I saw were two big Fiddles!
Always be happy with you. Never worry about being happy with others.
Thanks for the follow cutie.....
have took turns of being full and being empty.. I'm hungry now. meat meat meat meat meat ^^
#birthdayshoutout goes out to
well said Santana
I know somebody who can help you with marketing! Let him know I sent you :-)
Thanks for following me! <U+2665> and #FF have a good weekend!
I need my nails done, a pedi, & a turkey leg from the fair.
cute baby table!!
It's terribly sad to see how bad Muhammad Ali's health has gotten.
Just watched.. Coldplay on Ellen.. Love them guys
I pretty much forced myself into that dress. I have five months to not be a mammoth for this wedding.
I just saw that PSU's film dept is screening Manhunter at the hollywood theater. Do people actually think that movie is good? It's terrible.
Lets talk promotion.
why would I be frontin? its the truth, lmao height is the first thing before anything for me for obvious reasons.
Governor Cuomo speaks at 130 about?
wait. Eye rolling is impolite?
Saturday would be great if you please
Heading home! Going for a run with Doing a little work on a side project. Then LEAGUE NIGHT.
He said he hasnt been able to work bc of the #TrayvonMartin case...WELL DUH!!!!
why is hummus so addicting??? Lately, I have to eat this stuff everyday. what is it thats in hummus that sends strong cravings?
1.Today dropped my Iphone on the toilet= CATASTROPHIC
they would love that as they are presenting their semester multimedia projects ;)
oh. my. god. this is ridiculous!! RT : the only penis i need in me is the one that is growing inside of me.
City of Glendale, Glendale Police, and Glendale Firefighters love Submarinos for lunch! Find out why!
being on twitter on your phone and computer at the same time ahahaa
seeing you is just as much of a must!
I really don't understand the gypsy culture...............
I couldn't have said it better myself!
A-16 games. From a 42 year NFL season ticket holder. Don't want to see the season pushed deeper into winter
Thanks for the mentions!!!
RT - On deck New England Patriots follow list entertainment were takin over!
did you know the song? or was it just getting matched up against the dancin' aces?
I'll be sure to get them for your wedding!
Thanks ! will demo >20 of our newest apps at #LearningSolutions and a slew of other events this year!
Um I'll take that as a compliment?! (Max was in my top 5 parts too :P) Good 2see u & thx4 contributing to discussion! -CV
Always good to see the #Padres beat the #Dodgers. doesn't matter if we only took one in the series. Long year
why the fuck am i awake ?! I should b sleep rite now, the fuck?!
Those you would have to design and send artwork for. No design and No Free Shipping unless you spend over $200.
New blog is up...second part (Sayago's) to come this week! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
The LimoLiner ride out of NYC is certainly bumpy. On the highway now, and it's relatively smooth sailing.
At rally.
Its not about the way you look its about the way you are its not about how i look its about the way i am. - Phylicia Rashad.
hat seed u think Memphis gets? 6 or 7?
We are going to start weekly contests and giveaways soon....Tell us what you would like to win!
Oops! I'm trying to search for Jamie foxx luv that sirrius xm show real talk
Worked on parents yard. Sammy Maloned my car to a nice white shine. And enjoyed sunny day outside with the fam. Brewers failed me though lol
Well said!
Look forward to meeting you IRL as well. I frequent events, among others.
it is a really good song but at this point it's only on the country chart, if it crosses over then we'll have a chance to play it
I took two charges in our championship game tonight, first two of my career! Lol. Felt like my man !!
likewise! We're always looking for new tips to share with our friends.. New and old!
hahaha I know!! I even melted cheese onto the chicken when I got home /:
"i'll lay your stuff bare" --well, she's now M.I.A.
Hut one, hut two, told them hoes take a hike !
I think it's kinda funny when I look at Chris dunken and he says you think your hard...
. Congrats handsome!!! You are WI's MVP 24-7, nice to know everyone else thinks so too ;-) #Wasthereanydoubt?
Dave made a convert of my client Katrina today. At least I think (hope) so.
we are total noobs! it's a new magical land of awesome.
I know! You better not be alone right now. What are you trying to buy?
I got dibs on that when your done
The "Twinning" turned into "STALKING" !!!! Hahahahaha
Do you know what the vBlock Architecture is? Ask me. It will change the way you think about your data center.
Stand Up for B.A.S.E. Camp is in 3 DAYS!! Come see Michael Winslow and support B.A.S.E Camp!!
i know but i promise u one thing
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random & stupid stuff. But, I like it that way.
did u see my last tweet?
Wow ever been doing ur homework and u loose r pencil and its behind ur eqar or back in ur binder lol
that's a screenplay idea I once had for a dark comedy. I need to write it.
Been such a boring day.. Btw when's that snow comin??
If you want a happy ending, it depends on where you stop the story.
A proud man speaks as if everything he/she does is right..A wise man listens to everything around him/her and says nothing..
Dj Mitchell is the new Mariano LOL!! Don't he look like Mariano when he started?? funny sh!t
Thats right. Anything goes.
And AK47 is my fucking address ;)
Somebody send me a GRFS beta code please!! I want one too!!
Please Retweet Sunday May 27 #H2WhiteParty #IndoorOutdoor #MeMorialDayWeekend HIT ME UP IF U NEED FREE TICKETS!!!!
it's a great idea lol
: Orlando. Our new date is on September 30, same venue. Never had to do this before, I'm sorry for the inconvenience”
I completely thought you would go 6 for 6. But I'm glad you didn't. This was Viola Davis's win. Not her best acting.
i just miss the way things once were.
Drive defenders crazy with Arteta's dribble; take advantage of Walcott's speed; and your virtual self for the finish. ;)
Can you give us an idea of the location? Have not heard of this until you messaged us.
Dont think I wana go to colleg nomo if it changed dem den its gne change sum part of me well foget dat
I'm not saying I hate her, I just hope she gets fingered by wolverine.
We cleaned out 50 years of trash from a dilapidated garage this morning. We will demolish the garage after lunch & add a picture of our work
So very, very glad to have seen you! Happy you enjoyed yourself!
on the lovely day of partying and drinking? Happy Belated Birthday gorgeous! Did you party it up??
make out with him. Just in case.
Pandora life synergy: it just spit out "Baby, It's Cold Outside" on my Mad Men station.
I read this and thought "Daylina would find this useful." Then I realized you're the one who tweeted it.
God is in the rewarding business? Isn't charity its own reward?
Can't wait for Todd Mitchell's new book Backwards to be released...sounds wonderful and thoughtful.
cargo out today?
you butt... Friday? Idk bro
Congratulations to Terrell Suggs for being named the AP Defensive Player of the Year!!
DSM - my home town!
looking forward to it! :)
just had plátano...yea buddy! thats the stuff:)
Employees photo. Brandon 'owner" in the middle.
beating yourself to death???
for a rainy day cheer me up of half off wine. Watching 9 1/2 weeks for the first time after this. Heard it's pretty, uh, HOT.
After anatomy final tmrw && I shall treat ourselves to applebees & toast for surviving the B.S in anatomy class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
is that sheet-fed or web die cutting?
we should all have a moment of silence sometime today
"What's breakfast? Egg McMuffin. Corner of Broadway and Belmont." Great quote from
#AskJennette what is your biggest fear? :)
And SOB. RT : I am declaring it Untucked Button-Up Shirt Friday at Mpls City Hall.
hahaha well im not NO UR NOT KISSING HIM CUZ HE ALREADY HAS A GIRLFRIEND
“: We must!!” <~~and we will , if not I'm taking everybody out on my block.
Oh man! You just got told by the librarian!
#drupalcon is now describing the views UI. Of all the difficult challenges in Drupal, this one tops the list.
My cart page is just hanging dammit! Am I not going to get it since it's sold out now?
Cause we don't have shit
at Hines Building located at 525 B St today from 9:30am-3:30pm. We've got special deal & spin wheel so come visit our booth.
A pin broke off the sim tray on my Google Nexus S. Where can I buy replacement part? I think it's SMSNG6098700.
#it was playing "party in usa by miley cyrus" in the mall and i sang from the beginning to the end
thanx alot candice i think i got the flu
#doritosandamovie....work is too great right now
I'm going to Vegas in 17 days. AHHHHMAAAAAGAAAAAASH!!!!!!!!
Thanks! I'm mad I purchased this pump and it doesn't have all the pieces.
Oh! Very true, I'm sure. I've never had the canned before... but it's good to know they're not very good :)
We sure didn't!!!
new flavor, coming soon
#FridayReads Hellen Keller in Love: A Novel by Rosie Sultan
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you a great night and
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse, u will b miss.. luv ur music :)
Bout to go out and have dinner. have to dress nice. ugh...... can i just go in my pjs?
well said, well said...
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Expectation: Your priorities aren't always the same as those who are answering you.
Ask Bo if he thought Jordan Taylor was a decent player despite no big ten title. Let me know what he says.
Hey do me a follow!!! I follow all your friends. :-)
Younow is not letting me log into facebook!
Same here!
But you never know a special guy might change my way of thinking
Ashamed to even share the same last name as this chump from Dook.
I watches that YouTube video your in. Not bad, still can't whoop me though...
11:11 in San Antonio :D I WISH WOULD TWEET OR RT ME <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
My only motivation for coming to school tomorrow is the fact that I have an kickass job interview waiting for me after school.
keeps on sending me spam mail. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Interesting, I'll pass that on and have POTUS get in touch with you ;)
I want to do something fun tonite!
yes I must. I don't have any on my phone but I'll DL from FB ty xoxo
Good point. Maybe that's why I never read it?
RT I absolutely love wed nights with and
3 day load needs to explode. My man left today to be with his fam. Who wants to help?
thanks Bob great presentation!
Happy Tuesday! Love yourself and others will have no choice but to love you as well!
Le back dimples u_u why are they even there??
She is ALWAYS one of the worst dressed. And why does she always look so mad?
Website is coming real soon.. be on the lookout.
Our $5 charity class on Sunday @ 3:30pm w/Lauren will benefit the Calvary Women's Services. Help us help the cOMmunity through yoga.
i didnt say that
I SO want a hockey hug from you, too.
Publishing is worldwide, Berlin mtgs now worldwide. B9 first meeting in North Amer. Now 33 signatories to Berlin Decl in NA.
Great idea, but it's cups because of the keg RT “: are you handing out canned or bottled beer this year for Halloween?
A girl told me she would tap me..
gonna need a VERY large TARP?!?!? lol
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com! RT
how come i don't ever see you anymore??
We jumped ran danced laughed #headshots #photography ! Thanks for referral
I'mma just start replying to all my celebrity crushes when they tweet till they reply.
I bet he gives good head cause he always brags about it. Susie likes him, she said he's a couchino boy lmao<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
less than 20 mns until I release my first music video! :)
"He who is silent is forgotten; he who does not advance falls back; he who stops is overwhelmed;
Drs Randi and Paul Hagerman will be on hand at the Art of Beer event to answer your questions about Fragile-X syndrome and autism
sorry I'm just never gonna talk to you again, for a while. I screwed up everything between us:(
"Wanted You More"-
you hush (:
hey Ashley!!
If there was strife and contention in the home, very little else in life could compensate for it.
Can someone please tell me where the "more like a 6ft turkey" kid from Jurassic Park is these days?
tried so hard to avoid reading the 9/11 encyclopedia issue that i read the entire thing in one sitting this morning.
Taco johns! (: thank you nicks mommy!
yes time for another one and let us know ahead of time misssyy :p
Now you've slapped a $40 reconnect fee on my mother and wicked person on phone won't remove.
You were amazing tonight in Miami! I am so happy I got to see you :) You're beautiful inside & out & never forget that <13
Do you have a question about a rule/ ruling? Tweet & we'll see if can help.TDs are to use fairness as their top priority when ruling
Couldn't agree more. Thanks for the kind words, Matt
After a week of awesome auditions, please join us in welcoming our newest members: Emma and Rachel!
Still in the studio o____O and missed Krav Maga, but so worth it! Omg!!!
ok so i followed
The dream begins again
james! Omg im sorry I was knocked out! :(
Big announcement coming next Monday! It's exciting :)
I'm Good Man Can't Complain ..
Just saw In the Land of Blood and Honey, a powerful, gut-wrenching movie that depicts the realities--and horrors--of war.
RIP Chad the Roomba. He was good while he .. well he was dead since I knew him actually. He died of a broken leg.
RT : When someone complains about short comings of ur service/product they r giving u an opportunity to fix it.what do u do w that?
It was the first link-baity adjective to pop in my head. :)
shit girl. Just hop on Caltrain. Let's not make this super weird but what street do you live on? I wanna see how close u r!
Just email joelle [at] theblacksheepagency [dot] com with you address, please!
RT"Last year,I loved my life.I got good grades and I fell for you. this year,I hate my life. I'm almost failing school and you forgot me :(”
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... at RIO... & at KLUSOZ
no no no, actually it isn't! ;D
Thanks for your support!
School -_____- Mondays blow!!
RT "Charles Barkley texted me on my way to the arena. He told me to just keep my head up." -- Brandon Roy
happy to hear that
my namde is brandee and im a stay home mommy and i'm doer!!!
Your #Timeshare can be sold
I thought you meant Dead Boy's guitarist Jeff Magnum at first!
SA bar reports that Richard Goldstone secretly supported apartheid! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
Let's party @@
Have you heard the good news? St. Drunken's Day returns 4/21! Direct message for more details.
Hey would you please get out of my head so i can stop daydreaming and actually be productive today? Thanks :)
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tips! Esp on a day like today...
Hi sorry to hear that. Let us know if we can be of any help.
I'm reading up on the team. That way I can actually engage in the Olympic Track Races instead of just look on in awe.
Multi ethnic destruction in America ..... M.E.D.I.A
hmm try to search horror movies on Hulu.com u luv?
Miranda Kerr Keeps the Tea-Length Dress Trend Alive! Miranda Kerr can pull off any sexy ensemble. But last night, at the after party of t
That's my fav place 2! Let's go together soon! RT : Post-work cocktails at my new favorite spot with
One of those nights were I'm awaken from a nightmare & will not be sleeping at all for the night .. Someone text me please!
WE'RE THE CROOKS HERE & WE JUST LIKE TO ROB YOU SO LEAVE YOUR GUN AND TAKE THE CANNOLIS
Also, while I always fantasized about blaming you for scratches, that's not what I had in mind. ;-)
IND to IAD. Notebook full of science, infrastructure and collaboration.
aw!<3 and I'm gonna die when I see your picture too! Ah:D so excitedd!
wow. this is intense. holy shit. holy shit they are going to win.
I need to hurry up n get a new iPhone /: my camera is broke n I don't like pictures on my iPad. It's always somethin.
When our network went down this morning and no one could post to web and social, my team jumped on iPhones and iPads to get it done. Bravo!
you and italian food sounds pretty good right now (;
He leads the league in Infield-Fly rule outs. And no one will catch him.
Hahaha well thats what your in school for right?? Haha
Exams graded - all that is left - three batches of final term papers...
Just started final disc of MY LUCKY LIFE ... - memoir by my lifelong crush/idol Dick Van Dyke.
Im confused. was that a real dog?
The University of Houston's M.D. Anderson Library receives approximately 23% of all U.S. government documents in circulation....
#FF writers I adore! and a special #FF for uber-agent
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. -
I would really like to know what just happened? I thought I was dreaming but..my phone says otherwise.
S.&P. Downgrades Nokia&#39;s Bonds to Junk
Still looking for employment since being back from vacation. Preferably in the HR or Administrative fields. Any suggestions or tips?
yes SIR enjoy now being trained to become pet kitty kathy woman for her use and pleasure
Carving pumpkins?..... HELL YEAH
At bayshore in da night crawler
I honestly couldn't be happier right now
lol the sad thing is I'm not even kidding I'm so lazy,yet really athletic. Haha(;
but why?
Pro: the thrifted top I'm wearing today is incredibly comfortable. Con: Pretty sure it's a maternity shirt.
thanks for the follow. We will hit you up soon! Peace.
"I'm not pretty, but my time is good." professor Steve Houghton.
Just got done talkin w/one of my colleagues. On top of his game as always. Enjoy talkin2guys who know what they r doin&talkin about!
Haha RT : Great idea. I'll tell Roenicke. RT : Why not move rickie to short and play scooter at second?
Mother Nature must not be a Democrat.
lol think I'm getting a suite that night or maybe the whole weekend !!
Very excited to hear Dr Violet Harada and speak on ways to "Engage & Empower Students with Technology"
Thanks Jimmy. Email me if you'd like to continue our earlier conversations. Thanks!
doing hw dont bother me(yet...)
We're all just a bunch of ladies with good taste ;)
RT : Okay finally finished reading the license agreement on my iPod Nano and accepted the terms. Wait, we have a black president?!?
cjskakxnskndkwkddb i cant even type normally anymore
My daughter just stood me up for lunch. Eating all alone.
Thanks for the #FF!
I'll be at THATCamp. If you're going, we should meet up and discuss DH at NU.
lest go
I was a little disappointed there were no morels at the moral meal. Nonetheless, it was a great spread & very educational.
Children cannot raise themselves. They need caring individuals to help them when no one else will.
Q: Best Valentine's gift --- flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Although didn't win, we are honored to be selected as a finalist for #ABOY2012. Thanks for all your support.
Whose ready for dodgeball this Sunday?!
Never have I meant this with more vigor: Well, last night happened.
Killin time before i have to get ready
Headed to St. Louis for NARUC meeting. Looking forward to talking to folks about
Defonte's or Little Piggy? Can't wait to see your compiled list. Putting it on 4sq?
Who do you think is doing the best digital storytelling these days?
Christmas list:
thanks for posting. You should do this talk
it will dry. Lol
Mass Effect 3 obsession! Gotta present my single on Citadel, then tour Illium and Omega.. and the rest of the galaxy))
Yes. I think many don't realize how hard we work to make class relevant & interesting. Nice to be appreciated!
Love that Janet Abrams included several #OV103 photos in her slides.
Heh…we didn't have money for that, either.
Congrats to for getting the #1 rock song in the US "Love Bites (So Do I)
Thanks for the sweet tweet!
Under SOPA(Stop Online Piracy Act), you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him
4/20/2012 A.S.A.P. & PhiLGooDEnt will be throwing down once again @ T.R.C.A.'s for #HipHopHouseParty! Live performances! 3Kegs! Jello shots!
lol if he's sexy then Randy needs to bring him the next time we go look at a house!
Rajon Rondo is taking over this game!
Noone can hear shit anyway. RT : I feel sorry the the ppl physically #Rally4Sanity because these Mythbusters dudes are boring
Every piece of the universe, even the tiniest little snow crystal, matters somehow. I have a place in the pattern, & so do u -- T.A. Barron
My head is burnt to a crisp, and its peeling, it looks so gross.
Ride to LVCC only made tolerable by listening to Isely Bros. next up: Big Sean.
whenever i set an alarm i end up waking up right before it goes off
I finished my application except I don't have a current resume due to my new job. Back to the editing.
in the a
Asain Buffet with my mom and little sister. good way to kick off the summer! :D
dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine surfactant apoprotein... i may not be able to pronounce it, but i can tell you what it does
Welcome to the Patriots, Ochocinco
We need to use you for a shoot too.
On the way to Orlando Airport(: then flying to London, then London to Glasgow, Scotland! Any Scottish stans?
I miss my music #dj_kitkat_$
#ICON12 App still not working.
Kreider earning his stripes
Yeah kinda, but Jonas are better.
no only me hey can we talk tomorrow I need to go to bed if not I won't wake up 4 school
Yes, rise above hate and bullying esp. against kids with autism & other disabilities. U R a good person and I'm your #1 fan.
i have some UNREAL work from year 9 which i want EVERYONE to read it is truly exceptional x
#Imagine Louis: I really like your outfit today. You: Thanks. Louis: But I think it would look better, off. *winks*
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE MY TEAM NOW MY TEAM IS 1-3 OMG!! SRRY TO SAY MY TEAM GOT NOTHIN TO DO WE'VE GOT 2 STRATEGERIZE A NEW WAY 2 WIN!!??
damn wish i had known we already left - cool huh?
A big thanks to the know-it-all kid in my chem class for blurting out all the answers before anyone else has a chance to think.
Can u plz help this account + my account get some more followers??
beautiful eyes by the way u have
worked out. showered. cleaned. and cooked lunch for the boy.
MARRY ADRIANA ALREADY!
This weekend I am reading everything about Marvel that I can. This stuff is badass.
hahaha omg well I can't do anything today but I'm free the rest of the week!!
call me
I had a long day....that long ass test i hate bein a junior!!!
:) Smile... Today is a great day!
“: #nowwatching girls just want to have fun ” rebel w/o a cause meets the sound of music
Starting out the third day of our Kickstarter project with over $4000! I didn't know my eyes could get this big! Wanna make 100% today?
Closing on a house tomorrow #houseowner, will miss #426, , come visit tomorrow night, I have beer, bring a paint brush.
Is today your birthday? It's mine too. You described exactly how I'm spending my birthday morning. Happy Bithday!
why didn't u come get me first?
Happy 21st birthday! Party it up! But not too crazy cuz I like you in one piece:D &Im still waiting on my invite to your party;)
1/2 day, then off for a wedding wknd!
Shout out to my 100th follower
Okay thanks Nick!
RT : Keep your heart open to dreams.(here) there's a dream, there's hope, and as long as there's hope, there's joy in living.
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO??
Sounds awesome!
All :) 's this morning
surviving Chicago?
Meet you at the Guggenheim?
How about we all stop tweeting about what people tweeting shxt slick annoying >___<
Law firm in West Los Angeles seeks Real Estate Paralegal with strong title and survey experience.
on porch in Louisiana. Drinking bourbon though.
Thank you Sir.
Hope ur lights are ON! Checking in for the return of the USS Ronald Reagan.
barely escapes certain death in the press box.
Justin Has Beautiful Eyes<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing (SMM) Masters Group Training Program
#ColeHamels drilled #BryceHarper intentionally. Harper later stole home. #Winning!
Watching #tabathatakesover. I'm so in love with !
The Holliday Family is very grateful for all that we have this season.
The rain has ceased! Thank the Lord
HOLY F. I wish it was snowing so you could put a snowball in the freezer.
Thanks my boy!
Reading the Hunger Games in one sitting like an overzealous teenage girl...crazy or just an inevitability?
thanks so much! You guys rock!! :)
what channel is it? I usual watch it on the computer lol
lol enjoy #selenagomez talk to you next week ;) #gchat oh yeah
A few adult reads: The Forgotn Gardn, The Help, Cutting 4 Stone, Lovng Frank. YALit: Maze Runners, Hate List, Chains. & U?
You are a savior and you take brokenness aside and make it beautiful, beautiful. :)
Winning would be great, but the Brewers' main goal today has to be avoiding any more injuries.
lol stop it
not usually, but due to a drunken bet/dare last night, it became one for a minute or two. Still not exactly sure what happened
It has been so cold recently that 36 degrees feels like down right tropical.
best friends are like diamonds precious and rare. false friends are like leaves found everywhere
I'm afraid to say that is why... they told me, but i didn't wanna be the one to have to break it to you..
SOUNDS GOOD IM NOT SURE I WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK AFTER BABY COMES
yeah weber was taken 49th I think.
On Sunday, my 5-yr-old was suddenly ill. He got a fever, told me everything hurt, and went to sleep on the floor. Tonight that's me.
Good morning :)
I need to get signed(agencies talking to you), I have it & I am ready #signme & if not me is a
yes, when can I next pepper you with overly personal questions?
And you talk about phoniness that's cute
Christian Louboutin Belle 85mm Ankle Boots Leopard Print zappos ...
Lmao... Remember that one >>RT : I was smooth pissed cuz Alac pants was way baggier than mine
What appears to be the end may really be a new beginning.
RT : Like the Arts & Crafts Era? Learn about GMD's Jean & Kathleen's guest lecturer for the Interiors & Furnishings class...
ever felt like a paper is literally trying to wrestle control from you? this one kicks & screams with every part cut or changed.
Tks for the RT! A powerful article that defies stereotypes of my home town! (via )
Except they can spell "media".. lol just kidding Dave!! :)
Many a pupil has gained more wealth than his master.
my picks went out in the 'Derby Special' Tell me what you think ?
People sometimes take the simple things in life for granted n wonder y it's the simple things that make you happy
I want some Chipotle
Oscar WildeThe economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters
": Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word.."
Gov Dayton speaks to packed rotunda
YES :O
4 days outage? Why? Did I miss something?
any mentions about hospital discharge?
Want a free #EABF ticket?! 1st person to find Todd in EABF gear wins the prize! Ready, Set, GO!
droopy eyelids.. goodnight.
u know if u win ur bringing me ... :D
If you're booked for a spray tan today, remember your rain jacket or umbrella! We want you looking gorgeous through the weekend :)
Walked around campus for 40 min to get 2 letters sent home
I tweet you like crazy!!! if that makes sense :)
Love U ~ #feelthelove fr #GA <3
Confession: I'm crushing on all five members of One Direction <3
So my local library doesn't support the Library Anywhere app. They use Encore so they just need to pony up?
I've been thinking about it for a long time, and have decided that now is the time. Tattoo time, that is...excited!!
o man. I missed her like the one and only time she came to chicago and am still kicking myself
I am praying for my husband for the same thing...LOL!
are you downtown and do you deliver? :) -CV
AJ on the verge of the rare complete game loss
Give up being right, totally completely, now and forever. -Deepak Chopra
Alex, I just had to finish up an APA test. I have a few choice words for you.
I'm down bro
The #Wonderlic test we took was an 8 minute, on-line version. There were 30 questions. I answered 22 before time Ran out. Not sure % correct
at least we have each other!
@ Johnny's, got a table, a few drinks in, come on down, spots clearing up
Haha... Jamming out and just got up to get something to drink meanwhile, and I come into my room and my sisters tablet is on full fucken ...
Walked into the break room/kitchen & thought "Why is there a curling iron on the table?" but some questions are better off not asked. #what?
Sky's the limit
Yep, found these seats on Craigslist. Amazing what's on that site.
I don't see the issue. It's a purebred whose owners are responsible and raised $$$$$ for the Humane Society.
Off to a great start in Dallas! Just had the best massage of my life, layed out by the pool and now off to play with my pretty sis!
Looks a little scary out, whipping wind and flying rain.
The #Celltex #AJOB #bioethics story is so fascinating. Uncovers long-submerged issues in the field, abt professional standards & status
Watching Charlie Rose interview with Twitter CEO Evan Williams talkin bout the future.
So pumped!! #OAR at #RedRocks !!!
How did your gig at The Sheldon in St. Louis go?
#THATCamp #Games applications close at 11:59pm tonight. Boo!
most deffinately "ain't no mountain high enough" :-)
I'd margarita with you, but I'm a state away in GA...
I will not miss the chance to see one of my favs and good wrestling
A crushed ego only gives way to humility
Day 65 of 100: I am thankful for the tree that knocks gently in my window
People who take #dietary #supplements tend to exercise more, smoke less and eat more healthfully.
Will be taking a closer look at 's Audit & Certification Standard's slide. Is your trusted IR trustworthy?
Had a great time #oah2012 #ncph2012 and hangin' with
The test of being a good host is how well the departing guest likes himself. Marcelene Cox
what about the coffee pot?
Just a couple days til our first pitch! Wish us luck!
woop. woop. leaving for LA today!
um, of course she did!
well played.
#clus go Redwings! used to watch a redwings farm team in Rochester, NY
"It is the innocence which constitutes the crime." Baldwin, The Fire Next Time. Speaks to #TrayvonMartin case in so many ways.
lmao...you better put your contacts in
that's incredible, Nice work. I never saw the board til now and seeing it all together is impressive.
she said she's gonna bring me punch and not what I originally asked for which is wine lol
There's no way I can be turnt up with no voice
Scariest little mfs just crossed the street... I thought we were cleaning up
I'm trying my hardest to keep going but it's getting hard everyday. I never expected it to be easy but I'm steady wishing for brighter days.
Life just isn't the same anymore.
Lunch today with Governor Jerry Brown. Thanks to community partners City Club, Independent Voter Network & SD Taxpayets Association.
Theater Listings: April 27 — May 3
Cinco de Mayo .... beer me
no ticket for whiskey fest :( free ticket for dep/red fang :)
i wanna to run around in circle too lol <333
Tacos are so much better after midnight.
Baltimore native and resident ;) I travel internationally for music, but this is home. Yes, we are hiring. Stop in
Hm..It's ur bday, #Californication drops today, wonder what ur doing to celebrate?? Wutever u do, have a beautiful one!!
The pool is a wonderful 79 degrees and I can't wait for John to get home and lounge in it with me. Darn work events on a Sunday!
IN ORDER TO COMPLETE ONES' NEXT LIFE CYCLE.. HE MUST BREAK OUT
Have fun with my big sis and her husband :) Make sure the sweater has jingle bells!
told ya;) lol cheer up buddy now we are back to our old crew!
gah all these cloud cost startups suck. Is nobody working on telling me how many reserved instances / etc to use? Optimize, not aggregate.
I still pray for the people in Kokomo (my hometown) shit is still crazy and it won't ever be the same !
Filming video promo for Letter Box today.
So I Was Tryin To Call My Lil Bro's Cell And My Older Bro's Ex Wife Picked Up And Said This Is Not His Phone No More
Why can't people understand that the speed limit is just a suggestion
u remember the Netflix commercial lol
I said "Wait a minute Chester, you know I'm a peaceful man'' He said "That's okay boy, won't you feed him when you can?'' - LH
Sometimes horror movies are marked scary because they r horrible.
RT Acting is a craft and an art & that's great if u wanna do community theater. But it's also a biz.
Nicely photographed, and I liked Mpho's cameo...but I can't stand by /anything/ Nike does.
I think I know some people who could compete with her! ;)
hey you! me neither :)
I saw Jerry Springer and I got a pic with him at Michael Musto Party!
r u kidding me? Did you say that before or after Rose and Noah's injury?
:"IUPUI's mascot should be the Hoosiermakers." That still tickles me.
Have a magnetic March!
Listening to young money , waiting til grandparents 2 get home :D cant wait to perform e!
Roll up
no. We shall not.
no it dances what do u expect!? Night WUV Ya!!!!
thank you so much!
Among my indispensables: Jeffrey Toobin on matters of law and the courts. E.g., The Nine re SCOTUS and The Run of His Life re the OJ case.
A time to be born, and a time to die.
that is so awesome!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Drop everything now, meet me in the pourin' rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
Is there a list of updates somewhere? Can't wait!! Headed to Europe for a month so perfect timing.
LOL Thanks for the follow- 'kiss ass women' LOVE that.
Trying to cure your case of the Mondays with Scotch at work? Try a clothes cleanse instead. We can help. #MadMen on the mind
also, i hope you can get back on the evening jones sometime soon, sans tech issues
I love that it lays it all out in a simple, compelling way. Montessori's books are essential, but not necessarily breezy.
I want to see tonight in DC!
What do you think will happen to Mac now that Steve Jobs has passed??
he's doing good job!
I love my besti she the fuckn best:-)
#HowToPissAChickOff tell them unlike other dudes Im real so dont be mad
Wonderful things are in the works. If you can't see it, it's because you're not supposed to yet...
My iPad is like cocaine!
Green grass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Make these FTs!!
Worrying is using your imagination to create something you don't want. - Abraham
Appreciate it. Saw Pantera in Concert twice. Awesome. Phil was a big saints fan
Dear person that slightly changes the email subject each time you respond... You must stop. The de-threading cuts like a knife.
I love being on set!
I've always found paranoia to be a perfectly defensible position. ~ Pat Conroy
Thanks for inviteRT : Its 'bout that time... #KingTaco Here I Am! lol
It’s the beginning of the 37th annual National Volunteer Week... so does anyone feel like doing my laundry for me?
I ate about half of the pasta. My stomach is so mad at me right now.
where is that at?? Looks good !!
You are welcome. We love your mission and hope to help you.
Great to see you guys live! Keep up the good work.
Ctfu, Your Just A Walking Oxymoron.
Perspective - Munch's "The Scream" sells for record $120M, which is still less than 1/2 the budget of Pirates of the Caribbean 4.
Thx for the follow!
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Pour it on boys!
Congrats Yellowjackets softball, opening their Liberty League schedule w/ a sweep of RIT, extending winning streak to 9 games! #GoJackets!
i miss my little!!!!!!! see you soon?
Neutrino already fired, hired as HP CEO.
sounds good u can be my tour guide. I belong to the sol Melia vacation club so I can stay at any Melia all over the world !
Watch out for zoonoses
Tom Crean needs a haircut!
Do what makes you happy.
Wishing BIG #Festivities to everyone celebrating #SaintGeorgesDay today!
oh that's right!
Me too. :) How are things in your world, Ms Wendy?
no one likes me. why bother.
Anyone who says the Nats 3 straight wins over Philadelphia are meaningless doesn't hate the Phillies nearly hard enough.
why preschool?
Woah! Thanks for the respons. Dude, love all your tracks!
Why did i wake up at 7:00am -.-
old earbuds from an airline when they had the air based audio system
Made some progress on my projects. Next up tomorrow: hammering and etching metal.
OH: oh, come on, son, you can spell "incestuously."
I had fun last night but got work today From two to ten
liar liar pants on fire.
when he texts you first saying cute things<U+2665>
More Sarah Silverman please oh please oh please oh please oh please oh please...
midnight craving for noodle kugel.
On my way home so tired !
love it!
im hyper
thanks Lisa. Hope you are well.
Downtown on 6th street.
I'm as passive-aggressive as my mother is, aww <U+263A>
I think that new Nets logo is great without the word NETS on top of it.
RT : Sent a text to and today: "want to jump out of a helicopter with "?
NY State of Mind
Here at FETC today. Can we touch base?
That's FREAKY
cuttin my hair one more time today & then im just goin to let it grow back out lol
RSVP: Tower Hill Entertainment
Another great night
The only person I show affection to is my daughter , idk why
Social Media Don't - Starbucks continually allow negative comments go unanswered in their own facebook instead of monitoring & responding.
We on the Grind
I'm starting to journal. It will be awesome to look back a few years from now and be able to see exactly what I was thinking and doing today
Montero trade. If Cashman trades Robertson, he's a moron.
i love watching but we the Pirates suck they just suck.. tonight.. no offense and poor decisions..
o sorry. well deleting the tweets because i don't want all the fanbase to get in trouble because of me
4 weeks to a fabulous flawless fall face..3 stemcell facials and a peel. Repair & Rejuvenate your summer skin.$399 thru Sept 1st $900 value.
GET TO SEARCHING LADIES. <3
` My Baby Cosuin Asked Mhe Do i Love Him , I said yes Then He said " Guess What " I Said what , " I Love You Too Big Mahogany <3
On my way to my last shoot. I hope is awake lol
ive been away from twitter for so long twestie ;( (fail cry facee) I MISS YYOU
Just got hit in the boob by a baseball while waiting on my bus.
If not don't even worry about it, I'll take the PERT Tuesday. Whatever is fine :)
You rocked it! Great job.
Finally getting some rest before heading out to the gym later.
I never understood of a female takes care of a guy, especially when he treats her like shit!
Who needs to rage for the next 3 hours?
yes agamos lo!!
I see you have MJ in ur photos awesome. Didnt know you were a fan :-) thats great!
Kassandra Hartford on Porgy and Bess's primitivist-modernist, anthropological and authenticist discourses. Great stuff.
4700 goes out to hope to see alot of y'all boys this summer
Thank you for today. I am grateful for the learning, growth and love I received.
awesome, looking forward to digging deeper, let me know if you have any tips.
Madison follow my twin(:
RT : I Really Dnt Like Alot Of People In This School .
I'm starting to get really bitchy. I think I should go to bed..-.-
keep flapping your gums, yer just jealous of our Indy food truck revolution - we call your type tablejockeys
If u think about it..people that are policemen are the people that were bullied back in highschool so they get authority
oh wow! That sux!
yeah, why not star in Old Yeller 2, lmao!
Omg omg omg omg omg
"Love takes energy that I'm currently putting into music, so for now I'll just pipe my notepad."
Nothing but positivity 2day...COME ON GET HAPPY!
I'm applying to the soc grad program this december. Would love to get some info from you.
Nothing better than writing four pages in two and a half hours. At least I write my best when I'm in a time crunch.
Thanks! Show off your personality or your skills! Illustrate what you can do with screen casts or videos performing you skills.
I'll be there Tuesday! So Excited! : u in SoCal yet? Having a #TeamLove conf call talking abt you! Way excited! :) WebVocalCoach
#uCantBeToughAndSay you cry during movies
I have only 2 e-mails to respond to in my Gmail account. I have no idea how that happened, and it amazes me.
Going 2 B Epic! : Only one week till birthday!!! Let the last min detailing begin!
studio tonight! then hopefully stopping in to see 's show. 2 festivals out of town tomorrow then back for a show on Sunday
It's possible that this skirt is 2 short. But I'm gonna try it in public, observe the response & make adjustments if need be
RT : "You really do become that to which you are most exposed -- Look at your friends first - that is your future" Denis Waitley
real shit rite there
Taking a Fucking Walk
are you guys going to warped at all?
Festival de Fiesta Broadway is the largest Cinco de Mayo event in the world & it's held in our hometown of LA. Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Glad you're joining us! Tweet us and let us know how you enjoy the program - we'd love to hear from you.
In the case of a vehicle collision or workplace injury, who is covering your back?
Aw, good thinking you sharp grad student, you! Let's hope you're right. See you tmrw morning!
I've been following through Good luck!
Wow the #Rockies are killing it!!!
You make up for that dive on the field the next day when your hip hurts like hell and your arm is covered in strawberries. <<
Oh man I have heard of this happening many times. I'm sorry. Its not a cool move to do that to anyone
Thank you so much for your support!!! Don't know what we would do without you!
No i wasnt think about dino mating...i just kne they had sex n thats what i was saying
I was supposed to hit up broad ripple too tonight
cuz I found the funniest picture of you when you was a baby with ya grand poppa lol ima clown yo ass
very little in gender issues... and very little about homosexuality. I agree wholeheartedly
el oh el!
"Adele is the grown version of Taylor Swift" Me: You did not just say that, you better RUN!
Awesome timing today. Didn't have to wait for the tram going either direction.
Sunshine, you know you wanna come out today...
Dan Boeckner has the coolest voice ever.
got it on the DVR, looking forward to watching later
welcome to tweet world Homes
this american life. you've done it again.
I've heard stories of this cheese making when we used to party at The Hob Nob
O.o ok Lmaoo
I like the way life stream from aim works on the iPad....and it updates fb, myspace, Twitter and more!
All of my tiny plants are under cover. Now let's see if the effort was worth it or if Mama Nature is gonna say, pfft, yeah right, girl.
“: Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, & speak without offending.”
With the way the mosquito's have been treating me you would think I had a flashing free buffet sign on my back.
Today's show is downright ridiculous. listen now !
My leg hurts... A lot!!
Geeze calm down. Fine, new video soon. First ever sketch/skit ;)
Spring showers bring driving safety hazards! Worn tire treads and windshield wiper blades create dangerous driving conditions when paired...
Damn. I'm taking her to the dance and shell wear my jersey friday
Thanks for following us!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses i still like you but we should take a break. lmao i used that a couple times
Today is giving new meaning to being a geek. Happy Pi Day (3.14...) and Happy Birthday to #AlbertEinstein!
Remember to get out and vote for in the primary election today!
ahh! I see it now, thanks for the heads up lol. Love that they just randomly changed it
#PeopleJamesHardenlookslike Osama Bin Laden
Happy Birthday !! I hope you have a wonderful birthday beautiful girl!! I <3 you :) <3
Virginia? Where?
Ravens have never been in the same division as the Colts.
sure do hope the BD cum through wit tht gud radiator warranty tht ill cut the cost down alot...if not sht...ima have to break them off ..SMH
thanks, but I gotta give credit to (incredible writer, if Mashery is ever looking for a Czech-based employee.)
If I don't follow back on twitter I'm sorry. DM me and I'll follow u back! :) Jack Barakat RULES ;D
Its with LoseMyNumber and Orleana at mojoes. 6:00. $8. Be there or be square. Or any other shape you'd like.
I can't keep being just friends with you
And there is only one "o" in "lose"
I looked at our promise, and I remembered tht you're not following through
Funny watching women in fancy heels tip-toeing thru puddles. I'm wearing top siders. Change to heels in office.
15 point lead is nothing in the first quarter
I'm having dairy queen by myself for lunch bc never wanted to go with me earlier this week!
seriously? it's May.
Sounds great Janet!
when you go to Texas, I recommend The Music Vault on Veterans Memorial in Harker Heights. My boys Downsiid own it!
Ya I mean it's just an act... he's been told to have a persona and he sticks to it for television fun. It gets old.
why does my life have to be so messed up ? just gonna sleep my saddeness away ... i got one question though ; why me ?
Yes !! He looks like a cuddly animal !! Lol
Lil Wayne video tomorrow ... One Wonder in the bldg
Happy 15th Anniversary !! What an amazing accomplishment!
Lockouts,Mythical College FB champ,College B'ball void of talent, Baseball=joke....are we in the worst sports eras ever?
Thanks. Will follow up shortly.
scratch that...White Christmas all the waaaaayyy
Thanks! And I met this one in a bit of an...unconventional way. He seems a real doll, though. So here's to new adventures!
RT : “: I hate watching the news it's so depressing man” its sad... << fa real!
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen and a push in the right direction. - John Crosby
Sometimes we have to talk it out to walk it out
“: Happy Friday!” and to you too! How's spring looking in your neighborhood?
#opeth just segued into their ABBA dancing queen for proggers number. Nice!
Thanks for following!
Los Alamos post office official: evacuees' mail will be delivered to Pojoaque High School. Bring photo ID to claim your mail.
Why do you feel you have to spark interest and use the word niggas
i can't believe they killed marina on the fresh beat band. i'm looking at you,
really wishes that her damn pants would arrive...stupid UPS
even tho we're probably annoying you now xD just DM us! :D
Jessica makes the best munchie snacks
RT : 100% code coverage does not mean your code is correct. It _does_ mean that you tried.
“: if instagram cant help you be cute, you have no hope.” LMAO your going IN ! <3
Glories of Jewish deli -- Friday w/ Henry Hong, John Shields & Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
please make and permanent hosts of Morning Edition. They make the news fun and are a joy to listen to.
Avengers was awesome
“ Lol I hate kids,!!! 13-16 years old , stay the fuck outta my face”
Everyone be careful out there. Tomorrow is Saturday the 14th.
I predict that 's Born This Way Ball will gross at least $330 million.
I'm having a sucky, lonely day. But tonight...Tonight is #Revenge night! That will erase it all!
Ms.Sphar, I disnt actually bring drugs and alcohol to school, it was a rumor. You can stop watching me so closely.
“: RT if you had to take the "Walk of Shame" this morning...”
Great time for 11 Judicial Circuit Historical Society Reception!
if you wanna loose ya
No way!!! The one off of Johnson? I'm going to bring you a snack.
IT WAS FREAKIN PERFECT
thank you :)
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in & heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
Good morning U.S.A. I have a feeling that its going to be a wonderful day!
Snack Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar
#IWannaKnowWhy Tank Tops aren't considered office attire.
ya. It could be like a klout score. Only a Doosh score.
I knew it was only a matter of time.
At least we're supposed to get some sunshine after today.
my timeline is exploding with tweets to you. i wonder if you even see this. well I SUPPORT YOU FOREVER <3
yikes! Hope you feel better!
Yes, he is Chadd but then so are you!
on the air with Al-Tariq Best the founder of FP Youthoutcry a wonderful new youth organization in Newark..you don't want to miss the wisdom
#YouGettinPunchedIf you invite me over when you don't have any food.
#UnfollowNBA movement , sorry boys I had to do it.
Of course, *we* all had that as an option. (eye roll)
RT : Wrapping up a successful night at Georgia Brown's
safe sex really is the best..f* it !
If 2/2 people are wearing Fidora's (sp?) - You know, the hat. Is that weird? Keep in mind we're going to Aruba.
I always watching a episode of #OTH before bed!
Chinese food today. Subway yesterday. And Wendy's the day before. I don't feel like cooking.....
Do you put it back on your brush or get more?
That hurt.
seeing our first candiate for the position tenure-track. All finalists are very good !
Move along. Move along.
Happy to have you at our theatre!
Of course! And thanks for your support of #MKEDAY. Let us know what you come up with to celebrate, and we'll spread the word.
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! You have one of the best voices I've ever heard.
Piez shows an SVG visualization of Frankenstein w/nested narrative structures, overlapping chapter structures, density of quotations
No CMC tonight! Maundy Thursday and Good Friday services both at 7pm this week. Hope you'll join us!
Haters gonna hate.
Snow! From inside, it looks quite lovely...FOR NOW.
Stop being dramatic Dai! RT : I don't know why you're embarassed! I feel BETRAYED!!
Being childless and hungover for "Take your child to work" day?
true! Sense of entitlement not justified!
Whole time that Twin mad she couldn't use that syrup tho. Plan failed
how are the boys?
Sketchbooks ready for pick up in labs. RT : having major sketchbook withdrawl. it's all 's fault.
We need insurance runs, guys! Especially if "he who shall not be named" will pitch in the 9th!!
craving mexican food
shake my booty and hoop outside in the grass wearing teal pajama pants? Yes, please! Friday rocks!
broccoli grilled cheese sandwich was delicious today, love the grainy,oaty bread. (iPhone tried to correct cheese with geese)
Oh by the way is it true that #KingMoLicksBalls & #KingMoSucksDick ?
Water damage?
Mark your calendar Sat Jun 4 for our Benefit Sale where you can find antique art & more.
follow ya man's Cali D.
omg kissed brittany she is hott
I just got ding dong ditched!
nu uh! We all just made weird noises! Lmao
yes but this way the world sees how sad our life is some nights
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
watching the lightning ;o
Nice! "We are stronger together than we are apart."
Yeah you looked mad lol it's aiight
sounds interesting, where can I find it?
probably cheaper to develop an app that just adjusts the image to LOOK as if you'd had the facelift!
Definitely great to see friends at the gym ": good seeing for a minute today :)"
oh yeah, i hate that. gives me a headache trying to pull on the darn thing! lol
#YouWasCute until you used very improper grammar like "you was".
lol... I know it sounds crazy but that's exactly what happened. I guess Kimbo is protecting that win streak
Lmao damn y'all mfs are ignorant. But I wouldn't have it any other way.
For my money, porn star cum(!) hotshot realtor is the most entertaining reality star ever. He deserves his own spinoff.
LA LA LA. never getting madisons attention.
Technically glass is both half full and half empty, you must decide how you respond
will do
My book LACALIFLAND will celebrate Mid 20th Century Los Angeles, CA. Get ready kiddies, it's coming :D
OH: : if I did own a dildo, I wouldn't lend it to anyone.
can't wait for bball at st. agnes this summer w a few kids n a few more
we already have beautiful wives, some non-dork will eventually win her heart
Aw thank you. So far it is wonderful and I miss you too very much!
The new Xbox UI is shiny. Very nice. It feels less like a game console and more like an entertainment system.
RT ME TOO!! ITS LIKE WHEN YOUR DAD HELPED GET OJ OFF!! RT : WHAT!!??!! CASEY ANTHONY NOT GUILTY!!! I'm speechless!!
Good morning everyone! How is everyone doing today?
Cataract removal on Thursday,, Nothing like having two good eyes,
In absence of #RedSox from playoffs, I'm only really rooting for the Giants. Very tired of the Tomahawk chop in Atlanta already.
Yeah you just had the lines a little off from what they actually were. Unless they changed from when you posted. Thanks!
Omg...j cole suck lol
well yea
Enjoy the sun while you can. Looks like more rain in the forecast for the weekend!
#niallwhipshispenis is going down!!!
Strawberry truffle from godiva is ridic delicious
no remember I told u I did.. lol I was just too inexperienced to handle that at the time. #100 but I did n I told u "Ana"
An hour an half down 7 more to go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#twitterpartytime? <-- I didn't get the memo
Just in case you forgot, I HATE YOUR FACE. And, have a lovely day. :)
Updates for our Grand Opening Weekend and 2011 Teacher Training at www.redhotyogastudios.com & www.bvyogablog.com !
I Do!
RT Matt Kemp: new Dodger record with 11 April home runs
Ah, must've missed it. Only ever heard negative chatter about the Klavika/circle mark. (Though I quite liked that one, actually.)
still working here in Pittsburgh. trying to wrap things up (including a few LibGuides!) before starting a new job in Jan.
is my man in my head , has been for years lol. Luv u boo! ;-)
Our office is right next to AT&T Park, and we heard some loud cheers after their last pre-season game yesterday!
I think I just got the most pessimistic chinese food fortune cookie ever, "Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows."
yeap. the Gods have not smiled upon my shorts today. But maybe later I can go long again 113.50 we'll see
Working on adding some videos to the website! Very exciting project to see how real Moms use their Bottle Snugglers.
Hear lots of cheering coming from Comerica... Let's go Tigers! And happy birthday Boesch, sweet RBI's!
LaZombies Tonight on LOGO channel Tune in RuPaul Drag Race
we'll walk southward until we find a big table / but when to start?
were great, except for Friday, no that's my friend Laurens boyfriend, I went to Junior Prom if my friend Shannon
cheesecake making my day ten times easier helping w my homework <3
YOU ALREADY TEXTED HER? Grrrrr.<3
need break.. and alc. and sleep.
My voice is pretty shot...will communicate via sign language for tonight-- why yes you ARE
So...if you know anyone with Fibromyalgia, please send them my way. I am currently in search of research subjects. Thanks!
how is gomez still in the bigs, and your on the pine? even if your ca ba against cappy is .050 you still have a better chance
RT : Hey Audra I am so proud of your nomination! #5 coming up dearie [My Mom tried to tweet you this ]
are you on this side of town?
I haven't been on Twitter for quite some time. o.o
Excited about story we're working on for Monday! Want to see how far the Brooklyn Center brewery has come in 5 yrs?
Great day to get sick
so excited to be a mentor to two freshman girls next year as part of the honors program :)
Effing spoiled brat.
I wanted to get away from my family. I'm gonna go crazy in my house.
Shrimp cocktail sounds so good right now!
Oh crap. I was wrong. Sorry! Didn't mean to give you a heart attack. I totally scheduled that tweet before I knew. Not gonna lie.
fellow followers, if you are wondering why we haven't tweeted in a while, it's because we were on vacation in Hawaii!
If follows back I will die. <3
Customer Service Tip #1 | Over Communicate | Promotes stronger business relationships & helps dissolve confusion |
Your only mad cause its not about Justin Bieber for the first time. Stop complaining. So what? Bieber is on here plenty.
I love Japan :)
I can't wait either. But then I have to go to highschool... ikd if that is good or bad
If u weren't there... U didn't see anything, don't talk shit
Hello everyone hope you had a great 4th of July weekend
I never know how much toilet paper to put out for a party. I want to say "It's cool if you poop here, but nothing fancy, please".
We're excited our favorite Indiana Parks Department director Ron Swanson returns tonight on Are you?
Thor in the ER = hilarious
Can't take the kid from the fight, take the fight from the kid
When you can't walk down stairs because your quads hurt.
What's on the other side of that envelope?
Doin it big early down in savannah at Retro with 's kill it!! Happy St Pats!!
no problem
Say a prayer on the big rock in front of "The Screamer" for me. That's where I was saved.
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST: 60F OVERCAST
Microsoft is demoing Node.JS and Cloud9 at AT&T's Hackathon. Did I miss something?
Tracy proposes digital agoras as replacement for libraries.
I thought it was going to be a skunk!
Updated pictures of my boy...
She isn't mad at me, but I can't help but feel guilty about what I did... It was just as much my fault as his... I'm so sorry for my mistake
She Real tho
U must be MOON in AQUARIUS cuz U got all that money & dress like: FUCK U I WEAR WHAT THE FUCK I WANT...I SALUTE U
Just make my heart red again is that too much to ask? Drop it from your cold blue hands. How many times can we multiply a second chance...?
Ha. I hope you had a good night!
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. So stop judging me :/
damn that sucks :( I haven't talked to you in forever lol
OHH!!): LOL you got me there(; haha and aww thats sweet! Im gonna do that when i meet him(; LOL <3
Our friends in Stay Killer Design and Defender Clothing Co. have some sweet shirts coming out. Check them out!
Like my bytches nasty like ah cold dinner
#ThatsSexyAsHell when he get jealous and mad
5.8 earthquake in Virginia. That's what we felt in Philly.
Ron Artest should be banned from the NBA
PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS :D
OMG, publisher returned art for revision in a box large enough to fit a couch. Wondering (fearing) what it will cost me to return a couch?
Rain hitting against my roof. :) I honestly can't think of a softer lullaby on a night like this. <3
RT : maybe mr. met could trip and fall on bud selig and crush him with his giant head
Pro tip: go to bed.
Im backk sort of since im doing hw, I will just minimize the screen if my mother comes in
Bobby Valentine? Alright.
The Air I Breathe always puts on a good show : )
Speaks VOLUMES ....
Me and are yelling at middle schoolers to get to class. Lmao
I keep hearing news about non-US poker sites expanding & hiring. Should we be sending these stories to the US government?
Wish you were at #BALLE2012 conference!
Woah. I just got dizzy from that photo. o.o
Make sure you tune in tomorrow to NBC 15 as I go on television "The Morning Show" with Christine Bellport, to talk about all the wonderful …
#AmberPortwood, "Teen Mom" on , is back in jail. Follow for updates.
plays bass trombone!
get some 8 teens on the tires, but next year you might have to buy 9 teens!
I wish that the guys were my best friends. I'd be the happiest girl in the world haha i'd sing in front of 'em anyday. C:
CAN WE SKYPE NOW?!
OMG I am so sick! This flu bug is NASTY!
I'll be at the Hot Stove Coaches Clinic @ Butler tonight hosted by Coach Farley. Any HS baseball coaches out there going?
I'm feeling much better about this game than I did coming in.
Thanks for the info, look forward to hearing more. Been considering DISC cert, but this looks more comprehensive
Do not run, allow the storms to make you strong and the winds will escort you into your calling
i dont got a lot, but i got the mic. i dont pray a lot but i still write
not even lol RT “: I gotta go home and change yo. This kid copping my colors. ”
oh dear. i just. #iCant Don't act above it! Velveeta is a staple. :)
RT : We are the oldest Native american jewelry and art shop in Vegas .1616 Las Vegas Blvd,383-6069.47 years and...
WHERE ARE YOU A JOURNALIST???
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $49.7 US, just shy of the $50 million mark!
Hi darlings - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. Great blog!
#OneWordThatDescribesMe Merp. Because the word awkward doesn't quite cover it.
something someting.. a dead fish in water?!
motivation is the key to success mixtape release party don't miss it Its going down
What an amazing performance! Go Packers!
SAT word of the day: extant (adj.) existing, not destroyed or lost
Heard You guys ROCKED it Congrats! Can I have her back now!!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna brings her umbrella and there's no rain.
serious?! Wow
« has really long awesome hair !
Made my donations and purchased some good books.
Ok...last time we talked I had a broken wrist..and still do...ANOTHER HINT???
As you can see, I'm going for a "Politics Free" day. lol Don't know how long it will last though..... I give it 2 hours :)
I guess I'm pretty good at mind games. I seem to be winning every one you're playing.
I hope is having a nice day laying in my bed asleep while im stuck at school.
we were in Portland over the weekend, trying to HAVE FUN - LOL. we gave up and came home early yesterday, went to sleep at 6.
And we're down to the final one! House is packed and standing room is capacity for Götterdämmerung end of 2011
We out here, doing bad shit nigguh
Rain or shine the show will go on! Meet us today in Red Arrow or Schlitz Park for free fun and food at 12pm.
I wish you could understand how scared I am .. What , if I'm actually being stalked .
same just cooking dinner and shit
text me doe before I get mad
lol You got that right!! Please!
I'm actually gunna miss having MCAS. We had no homework, that's the saddest part <U+E411>
David Top 10 Reasons To Call Paul 24/7 Board Up or Flooding: John E. Mattock, Gary McLean, Terry Gates, Robert McLean, Ken Michel, JD Dooley
Can't wait to see teams climb the stairs at Frost Tower! RT : Only 25 days until the Fight for Air Climb!
Rain + no umbrella = ______
Attending Strat Plan Wkshp breakout presented by Cambridge FLA at
When people start off with the phrase, "I'm not trying to get in your business, but..." -__- they really to get in your business.
windows 98 crashed on me. i'm done.
Some of you need to under stand that the pro game is a nasty BUSINESS not all the feel good BS you see on TV. Sue got caught cont
word, I'm dressing up as thor
allies a jerk. goodbye.
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
I'm good at wasting time... I hate it :/
follow back (;
Powell west bound toward RI Bridge is backed up. Might consider alternate route.
RT Flight attendant on American reamed me out 4 playing WORDS W FRIENDS while we sat at the gate, not moving.
Haha! LOVE YOU TOO!! but I know a slut named Brittany! :O
I actually agree I really like ALMOST every movie he's been in he really is one of the best!
Yes sir. But not in forever. I love Biz doing the end. The real high Bennys
I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not. Usually death row was called the Last Mile".
ha I guess I do now :)
I wanna see that new Will Ferrell movie...wonder if it's any good
Confucius Say The only one whose troubles are behind him, is a school bus driver
Yeah, when it comes to juicing I just gotta have that *kick* of ginger.
Pile of Gary Morris CDs in today for mastering and ISRC coding. Gary had a bunch of Country hits during the '80's.
That Call of Duty spot was intense.
The buzz is in the air lockland bar & grill on Saturday nights is the place to be . All bad chicks in the building . Dr open 8p.m. til 3a.m.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
Step Up Revolution looks likes its gonna be sick
how much were ur VIP tix?
RT Kindness is more than deeds. A smile, a hug, a touch. Anything that brightens another person's day!
im so cool i didnt even show up to my own party
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton Roads Bankshares
Always be true to yourself. If you can't do that, you won't with others
GET OVER WHAT THO?! if you called me annoying i would like to know why.
No swim practice today= i cant eat whatever i want :(
OMG Holland Roden follows me!!!! AH I am so happy! This is mega amazing mega mega amazing and very very exciting! <3 love you Holland
Now offering All Over Printing (print covers entire shirt). There is a 100 piece minimum per design for AOP. 20% discount until 2011.
What is your favorite type of work #actors?
Im Tired
you always have it as an option
you don't think I'm a rocket?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
2morrow is Friday who wanna go to the fair with mee lol
Happy Leprechauns to all
": Ask or about Gina . They definitely remember." Never mind that rings a bell just forgot
Or rather, directly proportional.
Loving the rap skillz! U r the only reason I watch Mob Wives,u keep shit real! Mad love sexy lady!!
Need a Limo in Less Than an Hour? CALL 303-591-7102
Mrs. Rish: either she'll talk your ears off or scream at you to get back to class.
So I'm thinking the aquarium Saturday ...
mabey because my tweets are protected. I'll change My setting really quick!
So i need a tattoo done today. who does em or know somebody who does them?
I think he owned Henson when they played. Tell melo once he passes algebra two to give us a call.
when you go through a storm sometimes you just have to remember to dance in the rain
RT : the PR firm that and i founded in college did PR for how's that for a dream come true for me?
Pliny the Elder has been tapped in our Manhattan Beach location, come by and say hi...and try a ridiculously amazing brew...
lol kno ...I might start tweeting more often but I'm not 100percent
May 23 615am Fox 17 is showcasing GH and GH ArtWalk, we need extras at Dee-Lite!! Can you make it??
My pleasure, Jim!
Your chance to win this month's gift box is happening tomorrow morning. Not signed up yet? Become an Kaboodle Insider NOW...
St pats. Wowee!
Cannot believe people who take little kids to baseball games when they are too young. No fun for anyone.
When your dentist is asking you questions and you can't answer because their hands are all up in your mouth.
Realized my acoustic electric guitar is a torquoisy green color. Should've carried that around too! Inspiration from that Four Loko perhaps?
We hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and an even better new year!
add avery to the hanson sightings.
I haven't posted for a while but rest assured, the season is upon us once again! Let the #streetart commence! Daily updates are back.
Breakfast come to us or we'll delivery to you! #eggfast www.eggfast.com
Today starts the week long teach ins at #bradley with regarding islamaphobia in western media. Check 'er out!
yes es bueno chica ^^ WE LOVES YOU GIRL you have some HOTTIES on ur list!!!!
too busy watching the #nats pwn the mets. Well youll have to tell me bout it tomorrow.
Note to Radio Programmers:Having your air talent recap the previous night's episode of American Idol / Dancing with the Stars is not content
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there. ~Barbara Bush
not sure man. Hopefully soon.
I know :( It makes me so sad. I promise to stay in town next time you grace us with your presence.
Likewise! RT : Thanks for the follow: !!
Live life and love yourself for who you are because you are beautiful! we can conquer anything we put our minds too!
thats the spirit!(: It's not how PEOPLE view YOU it's how YOU view YOURSELF(: That's what my told me isn't it an awesome quote?
If Facebook ever shuts down. u'll see people roaming the streets shovin pictures in others faces screaming 'Do you like this!?.. DO YOU!?!?!
thank you!!!
After 16 years as a Personal Trainer, I can tell assess an individual and work on their fitness goals and needs....
loved "Isle of Denial Renamed The Isle of Denial" very clever!
Be confident and secure in your talent and your spirit
Im interested to see how this season of Game Of Thrones resolves. It's really strayed from the book, & continues to more and more each week.
Interview went fantastic.
Looks like K-Rod has scrapped the contacts and is back wearing the glasses.
if u wrestle for our school next year u could do some mma to
for all those dog lovers out there, construction of our puppy park has begun...stay tuned!!!
Twitter is a forum to express opinion, not defame someone when you don't agree, that's just hate. This world has enough haters
So I See They Turning FaceBook Into A Porn Site
So many gorgeous girls just ruining it with SF Giants shirts.
The Indiana Pacers are 1-9 ATS in their last 10 games overall. No bueno!
this is pleasing news. Which albums do you have so far?
Dang RIP Junior Seau
oh..no...awkward lol its off now! :)
I'm @ Chicago Dept of Biz Affairs, I'm E511 & they're serving A105. What does that mean? Is it like I'm # bleep_quarn & they're on x%efzom?
Avengers is just so #awesome Just want to go see it again!
When The Boyz were on shake it up <3(,:
They are coming! Stay posted!
"I used to get 8 points a game just standing in the lane" Shaq. Understatement
Most Dangerous Jobs In US Do you know that?
BOO BEAR!! GANG BANGING WITHOUT ME?! :O
Hard to tell buy Twellman commented on the lack of Galaxy fan noise at halftime.
Fine with me (:
#ASKGEORGE DO YOU LIKE PLAYING KYLE IN WATERLOO ROAD?X
We know from experience that HB 1075 will result in persistent and permanent downsizing of General Fund appropriations.
Merry Christmas tweeters!!!
Bout to chill in atlanta for the next hour.
Caps is only 2-4 players, only 2 glasses, across the room from each other. More chill than Quarters.
The pizza advertising story was disappointing: since when is advertising an immediate, precise game? Even coupons don't do that
is going to 32 central : )
no homo, you guys are like the best couple
Everything is pissing me off right now. Like, i'm heated.
I am sorry, what kind of spam?
Startup Trail - game for learning how to run and manage a startup - excited for this one, used to be hooked on oregon trail
SO happy for you!:') you deserve to be RT'd by !<U+2665>
We love Already his results are tangible and real. 2012 is going to be a great year for
I bet they won't let us face fuck theirs lol
I just saw Junior Seau a couple weeks ago with Terry Bradshaw at the La Costa Resort playing golf. So full of life.
Can't wait till breaking dawn part two comes out! :)
I'm unapologetically addicted to But I do know that it's slightly wrong to watch it in a loop while I'm working.
Golden Corral on San Mateo is amazing and I'm not a buffet/trough feeder. But, YUM! They even have cotton candy & chocolate fountain!
VCU up 1 at the half
Great article man
I DON'T LIKE OPERA BUT THIS IS GOOD!
1%ers gotta get their kicks somewhere.
As predicted, I am now expected to write the Christmas Eve play for the in-law cousins. Let's see how many #Caddyshack lines I can work in.
Feel like for your first tweet as a Raider...you should spell "Raider Nation" correctly. Just trying to help out our new QB
Action news 6
Tickled. As. Fuck. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Mirko Pasta- Toco Hills Thank you to the over 2,000 wonderful Emory students who showed up to experience made from scratch Italian
New cover is up.
4 more days n hello Vegas baby!!!!!
I would hope that Ostertag is as far away from Denver as possible. The Jazz don't need Kansas Blood.
you would love our fitness facility. The most BA warriors are our ladies for sure, Kettlebelll warriors that is!
Link doesn't work!
but I still love you <33
I just got lucky.
I figured it out
What Would Phil Jackson Do?!
actually, no. I didn't. I worked at American Eagle, so I didn't wear the Abercrombie Fitch stuff.
Good tip! RT : Quick Fitness Tip. Take at least 1 day off a wk from fitness to recover.
NBA playoffs start tomorrow , I have a vision that my NY Knicks knock off the Mia Heat and make it to the finals, anyone feeling me on that?
Schweet! RT Work lunch at M.
Morning folks!
Sorry for any followers who have been getting weird updates from me -- linked on Tweet Deck to other accounts! Oops!
New ticket winner being randomly drawn for #YouDontknowShip ... Which fan will it be???
New contract for work on "I Am Number Four." You can especially hear my work in the last 30 seconds of the trailer!
Interesting. I just had a heated debate last week about why I refuse to see The Help. I could barely get through the book.
forget riding the monorail....
been a fan bro, but u were wrong 4 the address re-tweet. I don't believe n fanning flames, I bring matches. #Facts1st!!
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?... bueller... bueller
No outgoing service 4 me n building. Will pass it along after 2. Let me no if u need anything else 4 that meeting. I have a file!
love the fact that your not ashamed to admit your love for the lord!!
And the trolling begins.
Hey, it never hurts to be on the lookout!
So dis whit dude goin n on queens of comedy at da gay club I'm like wtf an he really tryna holla at him Lmfao wtf
RT : Kegs & Eggs Brunch w/ Tomorrow at the #LocalUnderground 10am-4pm! Join us for Bloodies, Mimosas & Beer
Workinn hard finishing :p sucks not seein you though :p
Wow, CJ Watson.
"cool as a cucumber." - Bartimaeus trilogy: The Amulet of Samarkand
In Belgium, you are considered legally insane if you opt for a scone over a waffle.
Just watched my Daughter, today's mini-mascot, up on the big board with Nordy!
#aahspd2012 got the tweet
'Veganism is like nirvana... A distant and unattainable goal'
Just figured out why the #bachelorette premiere is two hours long. It's all the commericials that get in the way.
And Carlos Beltran has just hit a grand slam, his second home run in two innings!
"Nice guys finish the race last because they know it's not a race." this kinda rinsed me of Nialler <3
Thanks so much Starr! Let's rock the world again!! \m/
Began reading about China, both the land and history. Deeply fascinating land. Particularly interested in Buddhist development.
and this sketch is still going... disaster
Never knew how food it felt to sit on a clean toilet #KeepItFresh <U+E140>
pretty girls like pretty boys .
Much obliged for the RT Sharon!
wearing my new shirt. I love you Spain!
Trinity's John Fahy is the 2012 KY winner of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum’s Dave Schultz High School Excellence Award.
To wander is the dreamer's privilege. (1855)
Is it ok for me to be happy for Daniel Nava? He is what he is but something this #redsox team needs right now
hi thanks for the follow . your brother john cena is hard to get a tweet from or a follow
That's right! Dominate, Saints!
Its not going to happen so I don't get my hopes up
Me neither. I took pity on him. Then again, this is a man who manages to look rumpled in a tuxedo so only so much I can do
It's gotta be a good sign when you show someone a recording of yours & after listening they say, "these headphones sound great", right?
I was thinking the same thing. I'll try to invite those SJB freshies. I wanna get TGIF again. Mad good food
On the way to Personal Training; on time for once!
Watched the #Sherlock 2nd season premiere, against my better judgement. Entertaining, but the most American British show I've ever watched.
I don't have shit to do until 8, who wants a s/o?
Wow that's just TEAM ball
Spent a beautiful rainy day at Ridgefield NWR Conserving wildlife and habitat for future generations? Yes please!
The Wire; The Office; Frontline; Cheers
Relationships, a new #poem for #npm,
How would you Compare the Marlins New Ballpark to others around the Major Leagues in terms of Watching a Game?
baking dinner, setting up and decorating our Christmas tree, and sipping champagne.. the holidays are here for me and !
Hey girl what'd you and Sarah think about my video? I didn't do as good as I could of (in my opinion) but some people say dif
What": So I have a warrant for my arrest -.-”
No regrets.
The "Can I ask you a question?" Text is never good
Shows featuring Polisubbers tonight: , 7pm in Comedy Expo. , singer-songwriter set, Rockwood Music Hall at 9!
back to school next Monday :( haven't had much of a break
is this where the "we want to play in the Champions League" crew step up?
hey Ellen just wanted to say hi and thought I'd let you know your freaking awesome with what you do ok gotta run later
look at me, I'm Mary-Angela Dingleberry and I think I'm being sexy in my profile pic, "Shhh!" (LOL)
Happy Mother's Day to all!
I was ready to get out of my college town, and was born and raised in Madison.
People never change.They just become more of who the really are.
I am one of the whores in the school play.
Is anybody else's Instagram being a bitch & not uploading pictures?!!?
oh yeah!! Sound like a plan! :D
If the rewards losers, why not position yourself to be the best loser?
Twitter like being on a lonely island writing a meaningless message 2 b put in a bottle thrown out 2 sea hoping someone will write u back
Done! Thanks!
RT : that 'I'm deleting my Twitter' stunt holds no weight now that you can reactivate it. back to the drawing board kids.
My new album "There Can Only Be One" is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
- thank God above I'm not in that line for #SXSW!! I'll take NYC over Austin any day of the year :)
I think I might rent a segway in honor of Kevin Hart on the BET Awards
I would do anything to be able to go back to sleep right now.
Drake concert tonight!!!!! <3
awesome, G.
It looks like thanksgiving outside 2day
#Grind RT : New video within the hour...
Nice half at womens game. Tp with a goal and sharla with a good look. Some bad offsides calls on us too
This is true. you're such a good friend
where the heck are you?
Signed up for #LastPass via its "widget" for Firefox. Let's see how useful (and useable) this is.
How I'm feeling right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> <<<
love me a good golden girls reference!!
the safe, ill fit red dress has to go :(
Hope you had a great birthday, and liked your present.
#fail RT : I repeat: I will not stress about finals. I will not stress about finals. I will not stress about finals. I will no...
I do the same with my dog, but with the radio:) RT: I leave the tv on for my dog when I go out. But only when he's been bad.
wow. That's late! I get out at 3 (:
Happy birthday!
We know the way to #PDX's heart is through its stomach. #Portland, will you be #Feastpdx's Valentine?
Having control of high traffic sites gives SEO providers fast results with strategic link placement. Influence not knowledge matters in SEO
So proud of my bro 4 landn tht casino job. He makn more there now then he make a Mickey ds after bein there for 7 years!!!
Awe well thank you very much. :-)
burrito bromance <3
I kinda do too!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 48
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
your the only one
you already are, my dear
“: You made it to Friday! What will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads” going for a Russian classic w/ Anna Karenina!
I need to ask about the food onboard, plus a million other things.
Dear CBS, thanks for letting me know that Tim and Tom are similar names.
The waves are awesome this morning! This is what its about. Foggy skies and glassy rides
Chuck - Is Steve Shaw on Twitter?
It's Digital Learning Day today!! Can't wait for the festivities!
which hints at the fact that they'll be playing in Cali! ;)
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
why should i say that 2xs?
now now, let's act professional
I'm looking at a book...Postpartum Depression for Dummies. May be mildly insensitive.
Great play and the Orioles win again for a ROAD SWEEP of the Red Sox ... Go Orioles Go!!!
MJ I got to work with David Newhoff on his short film. He's so great. ! Love that guy.
Big game today!! Keep it up! Go TEXANS!!!!
RT : The richness of a #Libra's soul enables them to bounce back from disappointment, setbacks, tragedy & misfortune.
Streaming feed picked up kids saying, "We missed you!" "My year's better now that you're here!" FHS loves ya. Me too.
You lie , make up excuses , & play to much . Game over boy .
Need another reason to work at Dell? The were preparing steamed muscles to order in the building 1 cafe today.
mad I fell alseep last night
Just saw you on SC, looking good. How'd you like that drive to Eugene? :)
Checked out your blog. Not bad -- keep it up! Keep runnin'!
MT "Yanks off gets them "NOVA THE HUMP"...Teix may have heard the boos..."<<Finally a liftoff...please keep it going man...
I love making people's day
About to get in the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and get ready for the day
I went to MOA (Mall of America) So much fun
Do you have plans for the weekend yet? What are they?
“: LOL Please, your vagina has more users than Facebook.” I think of a few ppl with this I'm sure our minds will agree on who
Vibration training on the Power Plate considerably improves muscle strength, flexibility, range of motion and bone density.
Antique to Abt-ique: The Search for the Nations Most Prized Antique Electronics and Appliances
I feel like we are in a tank in iraq.
Its his gift to all the Moms out there RT : Why is Berman doing Sportscenter?
Yup! Kind of like the work you have to do before you can get to the work.
He won't complete no hail Mary this time lol
See you in January Steelers.
When facebook fizzles out can we call it "AOL 2.0"? When tumblr fades out can we call it "angelfire 2.0"?
Spa week is almost around the corner...Call and book your appointment today!
Tonight! We perform our best crap from the last four years!! 8pm BE THERE OR BE...there. You have no choice.
Great catching up with my favorite Midtown kids last night, & friends!
Just bought some sweet gear from teamshop for tonight's semifinal game. As says: We Eat Our Own Dogfood!
So, Rdio. It's become the new Spotify, in our house, since the kid won't be getting a Facebook account just so he can listen to music.
decided last minute not to go. Good luck. I'll most likely be there or the stone for the main event on Saturday. Can't decide yet
Upset not to be at West Ham United today. Too ruff. Sky Sports it is.
What up world
Am I a stupid boy for believing that I could?
No. 1: Need to watch more chick flicks so I can win more shower games. No. 2: Excited to see & reminisce on homeschool projects!!
I agree. Acceptance started w/ my own attitude - #Autism is now a part of our family - and that's OK.
Love the smell of a new print job in the afternoon
Haven't tried one. I have a friend who switched from Rath to Greenhoe-Conn, though
I should have learned my lesson by now.. but even the thought of you gets me high
Finding a good massage therapist is not easy. Licensed and experienced are a must. A private massage therapist offers continuity of care.
can't wait ladies...
I suspect you're right. I'm learning slowly but surely!
girl you know you can't be with nobody who work at chicos.....you'll get fat in a week from eating for free
Thanks for the RT's, guys! Really appreciate it. :)
#aboutme my step dad adopted me when i was 5
I'm sorry but it is <3
Lol at my brother sending me a picture in his jersey esta loco
Hear, hear!
was good; but they ran low on some key items.
I hope you still have tickets left. It would be a great treat to go!
Whoa, he lives! How's things, Carlos??
is Mest the first band on?
Check out Wayman Tisdale version of "Aint No Stoppin us Now" groovin from start to finish!
ARE YOU AT SAUVIES
RIP #AdamYauch. Thanks for introducing us to a unique style of sounds and music. I love the
Its a known fact that #theflaminglips kick ass, and if you don't know now you know.
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A Non-Black Chick is acts more Ghettoer than the Black Girl
Rooting for Knicks and Mavs tonight
TMZ News Alerts: Ryan Seacrest Buys Ellen DeGeneres' Estate for $49 Million
I dont wanna go to school tomorrow
Lmao shame RT : lol yeah yeah I know I suck at life
"Book Claims GOP Leaders Plotted Against Obama On Inauguration Night" #huffpost They were wearing hooded cloaks at the time.
Who thinks the MTA should make the bathrooms at the stations accesible at all times?
It's like a girlie magazine. It's terrible.
did they thang 2nite! had me throwing my hands n tha air... My feet hurt 4 real
So you want to be a star? Share your talent on Good To Go.com
good morning :)
It is
#thecolorrun #ftw beautiful day in vegas
he's so annoying
Cute little movie night :)
its about damn time :-P
it's hotter today than Alyssa Milano on her 35th birthday
Anyone attending the T2P2 event @ Jammy Buggars in Lakewood tonight at 6:30pm? Where are my #CLE ladies at? Meet me for a pint & do-gooding?
yes mah nig. I'm bored pills
My trivia team has a twitterfeed if you're into that stuff. PS. are going down!!!!!!
At this point, camels should know better than to put straw anywhere near their backs.
no problem. Have a great night.
about to be faded tonight
WWW.SENDITTOMEOKAY.COM
when is justin coming to indianapolis??I wanna see him so bad!!(:
another dollar-for-dollar challenge right now on all contributions doubled up to $500 until 3pm: 414-799-1917
I'm slacking on my 15k air miles a year. Hawaii will help but where to next?
Hey Onel. We are still on for tonight. Louie & I will be there by 9:45PM.
Could you send us the patch for the wordpress calendar? That would be awesome!
": what are yall Doing tonight? Having a few cool people over and you better be one of them biatch"
she sangs as perty as she looks!!! Come check her out guys! 10pm round with yours truly!
Dakich will have record numbers on his show today.
nope, that's my hand!!!
good to hear!! Just chuggaluggin' here;)
Yea bitch call me steve-o :)
He dont care so why should i... I got bigger issues to deal wit!
Gonna take a nap so I can see on stickam later :D
hey :) who wants to talk? ;D
..ok...have fun and b safe out there n the Motor City.
I love when my tribe has
Direct message sent with info!
looky at you!
RT : #NYC: Thursday at 7pm will speak at Barnes & Noble on Broadway at 82nd St.
no heart for me??
Mine's definitely not the pharma hack -- I don't know whether that's good or bad. Contacted my host (Daily Razor).
“: HT in Overtime. Let's go Gdubb.”
Best Parking is in 7th/Pike Street Garage. Starbucks on 7th, Caffe Ladro at 801 Pine. Registration Open. Entrance on 8th/Pike.
good luck
Pictures coming in a minute.
Does this mean you caved??
Thanks for the follow Bethanne, looking forward!
RT : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
Nope but thanks anyways :)
Talk to Ian. We have now done both of those things and used TurboTax.
you mean quintuple?
Football without the Packers is like gluten-free cookies. Sure, they're cookies... But they suck and are completely pointless.
Grateful for a wonderful birthday and excited for all the adventures in the years to come
I'd be honored. Let me get settled in my new job and make sure it's OK. Thanks so much!
oh, hey, I know who that is!
#oomf is an amazing christian dude who's song #boyfriend is just as amazing and his name rhymes with bustin fevers ;) hehe
Can a guy who's out for the season and doesn't play a game actually win the #MVP?
But after work my two off days strictly belongs to my husband :)
Hey guys,we are so sorry we messed up your plans last night.Everyone seems to be on the road to recovery.Thanks for the tweet
We're going to "Little House on the Prairie" today. Really excited. I love Melissa Gilbert and that was my all-time fav TV show growingup.
Happy Binary Day! See you all this weekend at beautiful Fall Creek Falls
S/O to Keep doen ya thang
I've replaced coffee with listening to pandora's rap strength training station....
Congrats to the hardworking crew - And , you were dead on in your 2012 predictions. , you holding up ok?
what happens in Napa tends to stay in Napa, except the hangover. That comes home with you.
awesome picture!
Just wondering how much ass maroon5 is getting later
Mike Flanagan, contrary to what is making the rounds, did not throw the last pitch in Memorial Stadium history. Frank Tanana pitched a CG.
Upon my first listen to Sugar's Copper Blue since the 1990s it is plainly obvious that i am a fucking idiot for having ignored it this long.
#NowPlaying Broken Bells, Courtesy of my Dad
Ha ha other bagel. You thought you were safe. You thought, "No way is she going to eat TWO bagels!" SHUT UP AND BE UNDER THIS CREAM CHEESE!
Flew to Austin w Todd Shepherd from completecolorado.com. good to catch up.
first time I have heard that one... May be the worst nick name ever
Cole suggests that bundling limits could make it more difficult for not-so-rich candidates to run for office
Perfect time--most should be intoxicated by then!
In my bag Ms. Mint Holiday Bazaar North/Clybourn to 6pm Great food Great troutwich from & more!!!
hi! what time does it start tomorrow? The hotel staff don't seem to know anything about their meeting room being used...
U could win the bed of your dreams. Last year's winner was from Denver, CO in the national contest. We want you to win! contest.simmons.com
when I produce and direct on a project I can complain about myself
The best thing about going back to my old lifestyle is that I'm the best at it.
I can do that...but support the others
Easily one of the best soundtracks, ever!
Sovereignty > (but includes) legitimation of property. Will be tweeting in the next week from 18thC American Rebels on the topic.
;P Classic Army Airsoft Manufacturer life counterparts
Like either of them would have done that. In the playoffs.
This week better go as quickly as this weekend did.
you still alive from last night? Do we need 2 send the cops looking 4 u or would u prefer the Hangover guys?
11-7-85 Big day in JYD history as he wins the only WWF Wrestling Classic beating Iron Sheik, Moondog Spot and Randy Savage.
friggin love them cards just wish I could crack the bubbly and celebrate with em
ctfu my nigga I have no clue
Wondering if best friend is at derby again this year wearing a fabulous B. Michael hat...where are you Mary?
Finished up my last grocery shopping for the month. :)
Overheard in a Mill Valley coffee shop: a young mom saying, "I probably have more money in strollers than I do in my car."
For example, spent the morning with my Frat Bros, planting trees for #ComcastCares day. 7a-10a.
true, true
So shy people think you are a snob. What to do??
ANOTHA MOTHERS SON HAS BEEN TUKIN AWAY FROM HER BUT IMA PRAY EVERYNITE YA FAMILY BIG BRUH RNS FWM. R.I.P STACY HILL
It actually worked. Ten times more than I thought I would get!
top talent actor. Fam--can you tell me where you got those glasses in your film Heart Specialist. Red.Black.Green
love you too amanda
I'm not a player I just fuck alot.
all kinds of crazy machines,but remember nothin better then2dumbells,but tendonitis&just gettn back is making me look at using machines
*throws up in a bag*
I love the upper hand! Watch me use it to my advantage!
ha. there's stuff besides baseball on tv this time of year?!
My pleasure, anytime! Thanks for the Tasty tacos!
RT : also, Tom Friedman is .... high on list of folks i would like to see water cannon'd
After a Breakup or Divorce-What to do when you feel sorry for yourself
I'm mad I'm glued to the tv right now. lol watching cartoon network
lol u silly jus slow down u gonna end up spoilin ur self
In case nobody saw my eailer tweet, today's my birthday!!(((:
no idea
Goodness, prom is in a week! :'D
Reviewing BbLearn for implementation next fall and considering new ways to involve the Libraries. Looking for success stories!
Design of the past may not make sense in the present. Meeting needs of community
Close call, just happy the fish pulled one out! was a stud out there ": Wow that was a FAIR ball!!! Giants got screwed"
sorry guy your team is done
I did get it to work. Thank you!
60 RT So if the Pats can hang 38 on the Dolphins in Miami... What will they hang on the Chiefs in New England?
imagine they're all like the trembling animal you're holding there, clutching to your words for safety.
They seriously should be related though!
Time to acknowledge & thank Senator Amy K. and then go to work .
Oh my Lord...LMBO!
IM ROLLIN' THE DICE GOT THE WIND IN MY HAIR.
I DO NOT sit on the phone n argue, just know when I see u in these streets throw ya mofo hands up...n stop calling blocked I'm not calling u
just doesn't make sense. Suggests campaign wants to capitalize on news cycle swings (open mic) but does so late & w/o overarching narrative.
ya man I am from central florida also, What u get up too, Its hard to find cool spots these days..
"A woman needs to always be ready to get undressed publicly" - my mother, ladies and gentlemen.
() shared a Tweet with you: “The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job.” -- Zig Ziglar"
still in school
gosh, i would be happy if comcast would even CARRY al jazeera.
Soundcheck at St. Marks. C'est rock.
I'm sorry I didn't see this until now. Not necessarily. I do love writing in English--it's a terribly rich and varied language.
Life has got to be lived -- that's all there is to it
The Viewfinders are going to be on we radio. Tune into WWW.session.biz this Sunday from 2pm-4pm.
Has reading a book ever changed ur life? If so which one(s)?
nahh just a thought ha
pardon me, that's Dolly Pardon.
When teachers give you homework .. Recycle
sis with an awesome name!!! Haha have a great weekend :)
I don't mind!
"Not one, not two, etc.". Self-glossing as a "global icon". Plus Lebron never owned the mistake of The Decision.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn Wen u get less calls from ur man or ur woman!
tonight is going to be amazing I cannot wait.
I wasn't there, but I'm thinking it's still "I'm Leavin'" by Jesse McCartney. AM I RIGHT ??
Watching the Princess and the frog with my little neighbor!
Today was a good day mostly becuz followed me (: one step closer <3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.
Rob G got that through back mix going 97.9The Box sweet..
My problem with people is that I can't stay mad, I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
What a way to start the half!
Why would you wanna marry me for? So I can kiss ya anytime I want. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
In desperate need of a haircut.
Come in and get our soup of the day clam chowder for $2.99!! It's yummy!!!
who is the oldest oldhead still in the league???
i don't like Shoobe...
Breakfast for dinner? haha i just did the same shit...
Well look who's giving Twitter another try!
Your tweets made me laugh so loud my boss looked over. That's on me for checking twitter at work, but you are not blameless.
Aviators > Wayfarers
Think you have what it takes to be a Hustler Honey??!!Come to our weekly Amateur Contest tonight and you could WIN $1000 in Cash & Prizes!
Wishing I were raising a pint in Midtown NYC with and the rest of the boys. Happy St. Patty's day!
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed.
I shouldnt? too late D:
Heading to Washington D.C. and Maryland, then back to Berlin, Ohio for our October 23rd with special guest, homicide survivor Mark Petric
Welcome back David! How are you today?
so i guess it's time to play
#RIPSteveJobs - I offer my condolences for #SteveJobs who generated an enlightenment with innovative inventions.
leave school and come over and chill with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The heat's not working in my apartment. Possible solutions: Alcohol-as-additional-blanket or shared bed technique?
& bitches I aint got no love for em, just a lot of swagger and and a lil bit of drugs for em - meek milli <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
tickets won are for that particular show. Sorry!
Haha, there are no shows to be had, sadly.
Hint: Not a Diamondbacks t-shirt.
yay! sending good first day vibes your way!
Beep Beep coming thur .. Out of the way pretty please
haha thank you!
No Sleep Til Heaven. |
Happy Memorial Day everybody! We are open!
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
One thing you DO NOT DO is ask me for money or ask me to buy you something and be dead ass serious...that is such a QUICK way to piss me off
Found a gray hair this am...
"All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection. So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible. "
can you send it to me?? :)
I am so close to smoking a cigarette, even though I know I absolutely should not. Sinus surgery is heinous.
Didnt reach my goal of 500 followers by today but I guess 281 isnt bad. I love all of my followers!!!
In the end I always want to say She doesn't even go here!
I was so worried it would crack my windshield on the way home! Scary!
#worldnews Mobile phone company Sony Ericsson reports a fourth quarter loss, blaming tough competition and the global economic slowdown.
My life long dream is to open my own men's haberdashery.
Woo, thank you!
Happy Holidays !!!
Putting together the next Heritage Collection. So many options for inclusion...
Thanks for the follow! I have always wanted to learn how to plant.. I have a teeny, tiny, green thumb! Looking 4ward to tweets!
Everyone messes up in different ways
Highly specialized organisms like Russian research teams?
Time to wash face, get PJ's on, eat some DINO nuggets, and dream about you tonight. #wishyouwerehere <3
Thank you so much :D it means a lot! Tell some friends about us :D
Lmaoo yup<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A> RT : AT THE SAME DAMN TIME! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : Drunk and high at the same time
Lol Im Funny
That's fun (:
RT Inventor of the Modern Pinball Machine Dies At 100: porsche911 writes with this excerpt from the New York Times:......
Not feeling to good, I think I'm going to lay down and go to sleep, goodnight.
cool, I just want to go somewhere I've never been.
link doesn't work!
If little else, the brain is an educational toy. Tom Robbins
My phone has been blowing up all morning! Ah
Hell yeah Jeff Gordon on the pole. 71st of his career and 20th straight season with a Sprint cup series pole. Which ties the record with ...
So mad i should have been an extra at shoot 4 friday night lights 4 tom but have class n cant skip bc my participation in tom'S class wi ...
look who has joined us, !!
Dinner special is on! Don't forget to get a caraf of wine with your meal!
Glad to see my start to get back on track!
The pizza ghost gets nervous and sweats pepperoni juice EVERYWHERE.
hell yea campus days..
Stop by and try our delicious new flavor: Chocolate Peanut Butter!!
I received Malice of Fortune! I'll send you a review/post on my site as soon as I can. Thanks!
hi lauren. If you ring the Liz Hobbs Group number and someone will be able to give you more information.
another trip to NYC for a BIG audition. Not saying any more lest I jinx myself. WISH ME LUCK!!
massive xmas blowout! 100% off everything at Marathonofdope.
you know how to spell my name yet?! Hahaha
OH! FAIL!
absolutely dude
Hope you have better luck taking your little one to shows than I ever did. None of mine tolerated it long, always left early.
And yes that last tweet was a bit of shameless self-promotion. But really, come see The Miser this wk - the Wabash students are fantastic!
Hey Janelle! Thanks for the RT! Are you going come to come help us drink the free Magic Hat taps tomorrow? Bring Friends!
#oomf talking bout how much she love her bf. I should screenshot our convos
But how to measure this engagement. It does come down to ROI. SM is time-consuming.
Sounds good! I'll let you know!
On my way to the Windy City.
A friend of mine, also BARD but in NYC, told me. I'm back in Detroit now and happy to help with anything you're working on!
S/O To !! PRETTY BOY NATION ! <3
lol it will happen ;)
nice! Did you make it back for sessions or was the siren song of sun too strong?
I started out my development on a Lumia 710. Wishing for a Lumia 900. :-)
Do you think Jay Beagle thinks about changing his last name to doberman?
Hancock: "Julie was not the drunk leaving the bar who decided to use her motor vehicle...perhaps over the objections of friends."
What a game! Thank you for a great show!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe
Reno 911 is one of my Favorite Comedy Central Shows, It's so god damn funny
Lunchtime jog. Just a mile, but it felt good.
Ah, they sat down with Greta and Lindsay.
#primaryschoolmemories where I meet the love of my life....who I don't end up with lmao
i saw yo ass earlier on middlebelt but i aint got yo number no more lol
In the morning, O Lord, You hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before You and wait in expectation. Psalm 5:3
So glad I got to see my Gucci Gucci
You can always make more money, but never more time. So remember to use it wisely & cherish the moments with those you love. Have a nice day
follow back :)
UPC, one of Ireland's largest internet providers, will not have to cut off illegal downloaders, the High Court has ruled.
Heading to work..
Ill-phrased, yes. But larger point that many moms don't have the choice Ann Romney did is legit
So anyone from class #Tweeting? If so you're part of a #Twitternomina! Which ads do you like?
I say keep fighting with each other #Heat and make it easier for the blue and gold!!!
yes! Just provide me a key lol
Sometimes I ask if they've developed a solar-powered truck yet. I don't get any answers.
#springbreak #2012 cannot come soon enough! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Happy birthday!
follow me please i'm directioner :D
ready to try this place Texas Roadhouse in South Jersey for some beers, BBQ & the Sixers game...
#honestyhour eh? Is Mike Mignola REALLY a god among men?
Great. Keep the good work. I enjoy reading your tweets my good friend.I Will say good night now.
Doing a tour this morning :)! If you ever want to take one, let me know! TV/Movie tour of lower Manhattan. Super fun!!
OMG ! I think I have mines too , I hope not cause I didnt study
Life is like a box of chocolates you never kno what ur gonna get :^)
And GOOD NIGHT! :)))
I don't like how FB sends out birthday cards from me on its own to random people...
Born Ready
time to go get ready for Laguna Beach
read about your win & late free throws. Good to see there is still ice in those veins!
Thanks For The Follow :)
You ain't bout it RT : Wanna hear me rap in spanish?
Fellow passengers on the SS Traveler have said I AM THE MURDERER in our Mystery Game, making me WALK the PLaNK despite my protests
Just a reminder: the deadline for Spring 2012 Meal Plan changes and cancellations is this Saturday, February 4th!
Dude the shit is cray...I have a Steve Perry mullet growing. Kinda amazing visual haha. You doing good bro?
When did pandora start having adds?
"We can get past this? I just tried to fuck you, sue you & extort you."
Let's do this
baby i got options
you were great on chelsea. For the record I liked your inverse prostitute joke!
“: "Inner Space, Secrets of the Unknown" opens Thursday. Dec. 1st enter the great wide open.” <-- Who's going?!
Vote for Beyonce... i mean Bon Jovi, sorry beyonce's always on my mind.
Cotto I canr stand maywether he dnt box untill his opponent is tired... N u??
BAHahah #nailedit RT : Waiting for Tupac to show up on The Biggest Loser when the contestants walk out with their "previous selves."
This was an amazing event today! cc RT : Drum Roll and Gong Blast! Official Launch of #MC2012! Apply Today!
Congratulations to Joshua (Producer) & Micky Silverberg on the soon to be birth of their child.
Damn these blondies are good!!!
would you care to share the color of your walls in your beautiful kitchen?
“: i believe in fairy tales and #happyendings And i know my prince charming will come to my life ;) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>”
She kills me lol
Hey Taunton guys U should move to NYC for the summer. Could be fun
3/8/1792->D. Stewart: That the Commissioners have had more than a little trouble & vexation with Majr L’Enfant, I can readily conceive...
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. ~Vincent Van Gogh
Callaway: #directdeposit loan product is identical to payday loan offered by non-bank lenders, but bank not required to disclose APR
POKER TIP: Always raise the same amount IF you raise..No matter if its with AA or 7-8. Be consistent and don’t give up your hand too soon.
Greeks are rioting because you obviously didn't spend enough money while you were in Greece!
another option is auction...they may have that same car 3 times cheaper..
"Nothing good can happen in those pants!"
tweet me for a follow back :)
made my morning
Lakers are working it out! My new home team!
Ayers (great speaker--funny): "Digital media does not produce any partic outcome: not degrading or improving of education" Neutral.
Wow. Last minute and I mean last minute goal for Dallas. #DalvNE. I feel so bad for NE. That was terrible defending though.
SocMM Free Spring Workshop Registration Closed | Soccer Means ...
Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do.~ Sarah Caldwell
dreaming of Paris in October ....
If i repeat myself ,feel special
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
yea buddy. Will be my first full Iron Man. Coming up quick!
yes cute <3
Must check out the ma memories road show - a community based statewide digital history project - when i get home.
Can't we all just hit a bong? *in my Rodney King voice*
Panthers win on the road... good stuff
I'm about to call you now then real quick
You should walk over the the woodruff!
that sounds AWESOME..yhu deserve the best yhur very talented nd pretty plz follow
“: Darren needs to shut the fuck up”
Done with taxes! As in...over it!
Im So sorry =/ . I can message him on FB And tell him you said Hi.
How long ago?!
Finally made an instagram account. Too bad I didn't get on board earlier to share all the sports photos but I will now! Follow me lcmayer32
A Surprise with Birthday Cake from my sweet sister Thank u :)
You too, Deborah. I'm a great admirer of your work. Yes, John is a very dear friend. I just saw him last weekend, in fact!
I have also told clients their idea won't work. They don't like it. I
I'm not sure the various factions of faithless have any better a chance of consensus, than those who believe in a creator...
oh yeah! So do you want to go? I know you can convince Jon. It's what a proper DC winner would do.
helping chris cook is funny
You are so close its not even funny! Good guessing. We are going to be at 21st and J at 6pm.
At The Drive-In back together?!?!
yes it is. Just have to run a program on the iPhone to jailbreak it. I know all the tricks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>.
lol is that suppose to be a RT? Haha
why would you block me Richard? can't we play a bit of #Twitter #Tuishou , a bit of
nah that wasn't at alibi, it was at The Place. shit is baffling right?!
Powered through Changless and Blameless in the past two days. WHAT DO I READ NOW? Oh yeah, textbooks :(
As hard as I try to care about the World Cup, games with scores of 0-0 and 1-1 don't get me hyped.
Double Yum!
It's funny how people turn out to be little fucking bitches
A Training Needs Analysis (TNA) is used to assess an organization’s training needs. The root of the TNA is the gap analysis.
Skrillex tweeting about sports is so strange...I'm having the same reaction that I did when was talking about sports at TBOX
Damnit blues. Come on Thunder, save my sports night!
Turn up the music.
Live tweeting from Colorado ILL conference. Pre-conferences today - CLiC this morning, Prospector this afternoon.
I want to and it's the hunger games
make it out to The 6th Branch with RTD on the memo line and we'll take it from there... Thanks!
DEFINITIVELY DECIDED. I'M NOT POSTING HERE NO MORE, NEITHER AM I RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYONE OR THINGS HENCEFORTH HERE PUBLISHED.
"Will the revolution be tweeted" - going to UW lecture tonight to find out..
just snuck a 20 pc chicken meal into the movie "Think Like a Man" nothing to add.
HE'S BACK. RT : Crazy to think that 10 years ago I signed my letter of intent to go to Butte Community College
let's not forget John Ritter!
hope the tacos were great. I still feel mean for teasing the Doc. about his tie- hopefully we will meet again & I'll apologize
i got that thug in love.
Need new music? Touch, Endless Summer, Any Way the Wind Blows Country Life!
Nicholas Sparks is a genius <3
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I have been 2 or 3 times to the princible office this year for stupid things!
I love courtney smith to death:-)
My foot is falling asleep .. its quite a disturbing feeling
i would pay $ to meet at #sdcc. in fact, i've got $25 in my wallet right now with their name on it
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest
John, Obama sent Planes to stop killing Mulsms why don't he stop the killing of Christns?
#eluna09 Of the new Tomcat WebVoyage, Paul Asay thinks Exlibris got it right-"industrial grade" code he calls it! And totally customizable.
Love it :)
Can't.stop.staring.at.my.BG. so freaking hot<U+2665>
World #Parkinson's Day is in one day & PDF #Research #Advocates are raising awareness about study participation. What are your plans?
Just laying down, trying to sleep, when "Ayy Ladies" comes on shuffle. I blame & .
i would wait till the iPhone 5 comes out in October
shutup lol it wasnt nothin nasty and i got a new phone after breakin my old phone so #ItsAllGood and plus she liked my songs
Project is live. Beta days. Really proud of for being f--ing smart and making awesome shit.
If, just if, there is no God, people have sure been wasting their/our time over some ultra-dogmatic bullshit.
Ha! Awesome.
Clean clothes! Yeah!
no way!
yow. sessions to hill.
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us. (Pls RT)
At the dentist.
long sleeve!
Nice blog article!
he said offensively
this month!
I'm ready for a reread - it was *so* good! I've got abt 3 doz stickies marking fav passages & lines. Re: Narcopolis
Heehee! RT : Somewhere in Seattle, there is a witch in a sleigh feeding an angry British boy Turkish Delight.
"Learn to think." Nailed it, Paul. (CC )
*waves back* good! You?
just watched your play's trailer! Looks great! Massive congrats from across the pond!
is the game on radio at all
What a beautiful day here in San Francisco!! How are you enjoying the 75 degree, sunny weather?
Good morning! Waiting to hear from a client who is in labor is nerve-wracking! Now I know what I put my photog through in January.... ;)
UGH! JB's last tweet used 'alot' again!! #frustrated!! I keep telling him!!
I Also Danced With A LOT Of Peoplee (x
How High? real high!
I swear dude I will kill u haha but I think he is undercover
don't forget the goods :)
because it's fun
thats what I wish for all the time...
Skinny-dipping in primordial ooze!? I'm there!
This will be the last week to win before we go on hiatus. We will be back with more hunt in a few weeks. RT
Wish I was at the pc game instead of class :(
I'm curious
ima cocaine cowboy.
you gonna play kickball for team #shuckeyducky? We gonna practice tomorrow at 5 at Highview park off outer loop
Cannot seem to escape from the word "curation" lately.
During this week in 1862 BG Grierson was on a mission to support MG U.S. Grant's Vicksburg Campaign. His objective: Rebel supply lines.
Going to be a fun year for Reds fans.
Happy Passover! Happy Easter! Happy Weekend!
Steve Stricker to tee off in the first round of The Players in one hour (12:49 PM) with Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson.
CBIS is smoking now up 13% from our alert
Well, sure, but those are interesting.
Two more beautiful days to hang out with in Chicago!
yep, mine is here...it'll be gone by Sunday
Thanks for droppin new single Show Out ft. Shawty Lo --Shameiks label Bad Newz Ent. cool meetin ya..
crittenden hospital in the er
Yum! RT : eating the most delicious ceviche and tomato avocado salad. You are missing out.
Carrot cake or coconut pie for Thanksgiving?
Yes, I still ended up listening to it on repeat. I am so predictable to myself.
you're amazing , just the way you are . ; goodnight :) text me .
#EventProfs + unique mentoring environment= #SMB success! It's more than networking, it's abt creating relationships
Austin is losing followers now. Fast. Thanks
go crash at my place. It's peacefully quiet there. Well, atleast my dogs are, can't speak for the neighbor dogs. :/
Personally it's not about religion... It's about relationship!
la lala la... going out tonight
happy hour tomorrow?
Thanks TO for keeping me in first place on my FF team. Team Asian Sensation!
Can't wait to make Milwaukee Purple tomorrow night!
Don't miss out! The half-off Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
Thank you for the #FF!!!
I wish he didn't have to work tonight
hahah this guy
Amazon just released its new Kindles. The pricing is pretty sweet.
Offically not in the mood now
my headphones are fucking up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Yay !! So happy for you!
Called the Gov of Missouri, posted this to Facebook and retweeted. We'll do our part from CA to MA to help.
TY for the great conversation. Have a wonderful weekend!
come to #SXSW SINCE YOU TX...
Thanks for letting me know. I do want to see it. :)
Good job by the to bounce back with the W today.
Heyy sweetie-hope all is well with you!
Sounds like animals may be what she's been dating. But that could be offensive to real animals.
Welcome back Javier. We hope you are having a great night!
Check out this quiz!!! It will help you see how vulnerable your marriage is to infidelity. www.familyandlifesolutions.com
Is that the subway under the church in library mall? I frequented there.
About to start my book! Almost as exciting as a sample sale.
Samuel L. Jackson narrates my life tho RT ": morgan freeman reads to me"
Very sweet to know I can comfort my dog who's scared of the rain - after all the comforting she does for me
RT : Were wrapping up #trainchat in about 5 min. Q5 - Any final thoughts or examples of successful training design?
I saw it too, really cool!
Do you know where to find the practice round tee times for those playing practice rounds tomorrow?
and all the #SeaMonkeys following both of you. (smiling face made of punctuation)
That was Fernando.
gorgeous ensemble!
UNLV? Come on...
Hello Mary Beth, I enjoyed every episode of Food Network Star. Best wishes in your writing and cooking career.
Make sure and RSVP to our tour dates, we are so fucking excited to meet all of you!
I love LOVE "Stronger" Got it on repeat I think she read my diary & made my soundtrack album lol Thank you KC
Thanks Definitely still #Purdue proud, but that was one of those where a blowout perhaps would've been easier to handle, haha.
The is like Big Daddy Kane in that he gets the job done.
Happy New Year's Eve all!!
hello :D
www.iheartchaos.com/post/3745552633/the-year-2000-as-envisioned-in-the-year-1910 We would've never guessed.
: however has his own hashtag, #INhack .. important to note
Thanks! I have scaled back since our last one.
FLOPPY ASS BULLSHITT JAMES IS A BIGG PUSS..
Totally agree! Was waiting for the laugh.
Just passed John Tesh at CVS on Ventura. That dude is taller than I am.
RT : RT : I get the sense that Zuckerberg would absolutely vote for Obama if he were of legal age.
me too brotha!! Hell yeah 400 hurdles will prepare us like crazy bro!! You doin it?
And my Balls are fucking Huge
Jeremy Lamb hits a big 3 for UConn & they take the lead
Noo!! I was soo embarrassed!! Like he won't ever let me live it down.. U know how coaches r
Thanks! RT : I think does. ": Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters?
Hope you had a great presentation at #pubcon. Loved following along.
#SouthwestAirSale need to watch out for terrorists more.
these are ma magic shoes! I'll call you, or call me! Hopefully I won't devour all the creme eggs for our hunt! ha!
Faith will keep you doing. Even when u don't know what you're doing. Faith will keep u going. Even when u don't know where you're going...
Only one more hour until Happy Hour! See you here?
Thanks for the tweet! RT : I'm all for breastfeeding, it's up to every mom how long they want to go for.
Are people really using the #Facebook #Enemy app? Kind of stupid in my opinion. People waste too much time on negativity these days.
thanks for RT. will anyone listen?
*sigh* I want someone cute to text.
Favorite vid is now the newest with #love #EVOLUTION <3
lol he never tells me until after
Why is #pvtaughtme trending?
cool - will check it out :) -CV
RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
no. this girl needs to eat a sandwich
national spelling bee semifinals...let the sudden death throw down commence.
CRASH on Ramp from I-5 NB to I-84 EB is now cleared
got into the biggest argument with one of my "best friends" at school today. I am DONE with all the drama.
Very cool! Love the "Out Of The Cellar" record. Love your voice and Warren De Martini's guitar work on "Back For More."
Hey, anyone out there have an invite to Google +. I reviewed the demo-- it looks awesome-- so now I want in! have any ideas?
i'm just gonna stay home. make my mom's mother's day gift.
I saw the first part of that the other night. So good, but so frustrating.
2 Cody I Heard Ur Getting Sick That True!?I Think I Know How! I Think U Getting Sick By Surfing Cold Water!
What an ugly bra, take it off.
I forgot to charge my phone last night.
well it might work to your advantage, considering I actually know you (: go for it!
Thanks for RT! Hope you enjoyed the post about cultures of collecting
Ha, I like that you like my tired face. Also, you can't see it in the pic but my necklace counteracts the monochrome.
Hip Hop will always have my heart!!!
To find Mr. Right you gotta go threw Mr. Wrong!
Yes, DRIVE is on instant. Yes, you look like a real asshole in that jacket.
thanks for the shoutout!
well if you would have said this yesterday or watched tv you would have saved $5
#KansasCity #Chiefs... I told everyone in my office to bet their homes KC last week... How many new millionaires will I meet tomorrow?
Jack White is so cool
Sorry I'm so slow lately. I daydream constantly & sketch a lot. :) Always thinking about the next art piece.
I KNOW IF I GO I'LL GO AFTER SCHOOL SO AROUND 4:30
I been on just not tweeting u
#lust for life , got the fake ish in the rearview
Thanks for the Retweet!
banana froyo (my new fav) with hot fudge and pecans...delicious!
Joe Hachem Becomes New Ambassador of the Asian Poker Tour
Time to let go of the past and make my own future come to life
I love the craft party song/video it is very fun!
Ah cool! That will be a blast!
Viewing proofs! Yay!! :D
prove it
im fuckinq tired
Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it...
Seems that Literature Depts replacing English and foreign lang depts = excellent in theory but potentially disastrous in practice
sucks to suck
www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com 31% off New Era Fitteds Coupon Code "thirtyone" this weekend only
a woman that loves her mother will cherish her mate.. And vise versa :)
Looking for a full time admin asst. If you know of anyone looking, please have them message me
Bike riding - which always reminds me that I should be in better shape.
Have you seen any crowd size estimates? This has got to be >100k
a man with springs on his shoes just walked by my office.
I'm a little bit in love with my new E PC 1005HA (in blue). Only problem with its design is the spacebar is a little too short.
Ill be at work if y'all need me :)
I got a lot to do today,and my least favorite thing to do is house cleaning.
<U+0093>Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.<U+0094> - Winston Churchill
that's a very good point. But quality of women to take out on dates undoubtedly much better in NYC
Seventh inning stretch. Time to pick my wedgie
Guy who got me the shot bought me a pink rose. This has been a great evening.
hey all! Back and in action!
miss you! Hope you've been doing great :) Have a good night!
Your creepy clown/puppet background is really scary! Ah! And I miss you.
You know how Pee-Wee Herman married fruit cocktail? I'd marry ' peanut butter cup cake.
It's about to be a very very bad day...
And thank you! Looking forward to the tweets!
Up and coming DC area fine artists!! - contact us if you are interested in submitting your work for gallery shows.
Hopefully, in that backpack there's no vial of that Foot-in-Mouth Disease potion Bron McTarded has been swilling.
Yeah. Okay.
I wanna meet some more people =] Who wants to be #friends ?
'And then,' said Satan, 'I will schedule Set It Off & Warped Tour on the same day!' (Lauren 7: 9-12)
Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.
Oh ohh oh i wanna sex you up c;
Do you want Made in the USA pajamas for your kids? Check out our website and Thingamajiggies4kids pajamas.
Sucks when plans get canceled <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I like to think so. I'm not sure my financial advisor (or the mortgage company) shares my enthusiasm, though...
Noah is beautiful! Shares his name with my awesome nephew. :-) I'm follower #40 on Pinterest, too. You're terrific, thank you!
RIP Dean you will be missed
Sorry to lose you as a follower...
STILL has a sore throat ~ could this be strep?! Get thee to a physician....
Wanted just came on my tv !! (:
Ah! I'm glad I asked, then!
Great to hear! So happy you enjoyed FOOD = ART!
I think it's just as bad when museum people describe archives, e.g. a diary as "ink on paper."
HEY COUPLES!!! WE'RE ALL WAITING FOR SOMETHING MORE ORIGINAL.."BABE" ISNT CUTTING IT!
I don't know the MMA game well enough to answer that. I just know Kennedy wants to fight the best.
my evaluation is its not done ?!
what shiz needs a day to rest before #beerolympics..DISQUAlIFIED! Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail. On the GC drinkin
Um, that
Got dat girl talk with ma girl Eva.
Good morning!! Working until noon. Didn't forget my coffee this morning, good start to the day.
I'm not passionate about it, but I think they are overused and mostly unnecessary. I mean, it's a link.
Could be just cause I'm mobile, I'll try on the computer when I get my lazy bottom up off the couch.
MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell's anti-Mormon rhetoric is flat wrong and disturbing. I bet he wouldn't talk about Mohammed in the same way.
Share resources RT : Q. We have this beautiful community, how can we maximize it so we can all win?
Funny ass night it was just one dem nights
I'm not doing this for only me... I'm doing it for him to. Too bad he has NO idea how much I like him.
Spotted my idol, the beautiful and incredibly talented tonite...from across the restaurant.
Thank you sister
#TeamOMG start voting for Gucci this Gucci that by tomorrow we want it to be #1 Rt Rt <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Parents: Help your kids be coachable by teaching them to listen.
The problem is that people focus on the present instead of the future....
Coming to the Small Ensembles concert tomorrow night at 8pm in Paul Hall? Check in on #foursquare for discounts on Juilliard Jazz merch!
The "granola bar" bandit is still on the loose. Are investigation is in full force, everyone is a suspect.
Everytime I blink gas prices go up 15 cents. Ugh!!!!
I looked up and some dude was yelling. I was quite confused, lol.
Just had my 1st "how to drive a stick" lesson. No stalls!
Encourage active alumni to reach out and mentor students. #customerservice #caseindiana alumni would enjoy the opportunity.
Go Future Chefs!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan is Happy Tim Tebow is Not on the Team
I beat Dayo one on one!!
The action is certainly more "realistic" than action films, but that was off-putting to me (personally). (1/2)
Partying, Jax Beach style.
rocking out in Austin TX, now in College Station TX
exactly! Don't mess with TEXAS!
I wish on my witchboard that you win next week! xox
: RT Hope you can make it...See you there (Bellicosity). My Heart goes with You!!
Also, Chris Denari in studio talking Pacers...a 1-on-1 with IndyCar winner Will Power...and meet an forward with amazing flow.
Heading down to San Diego in three weeks! Anybody have a good course recommendation?
Will do!
I have school, conditioning, and work right after ._.
If I could take the feeling of pulling up my socks, and spread it all over my body, I'd be the happiest lady in all the land.
you know bro
Just be real with me, because that's what's going to keep you around.
Enjoying a cool STANKY river breeze before 10 hours of mind dulling boredom. STAAAAAANKY!!!!!
Damn you HBO for all your good shows!! After #trueblood tonight I discovered #gameofthrones on demand.
Learned to look for nonverbals in the spoken word during interviews, promos, appearances,etc.Compliments of B.Berger
If she's easy she won't be amazing. If she's amazing she won't be easy. If she's worth it you won't give up. If you give up, your not worthy
Maybe ALA should come to you! :)
Thank you to "Boston: Inspirational Women" publisher for supporting w/ +
T minus 4 hours til the Mixer!!! You can still get your tix at the door!
Thx for the mentions and RTs ;
Dear families sitting at Panera blocking the outlets. I have 1 day...please leave and let me work! Sincerely a stressed out mom.
Thanks for the retweet, Kristen! I hope you're doing swimmingly!
I eat so much Fire sauce from Taco Bell that I've memorized all the sayings on the packets.
hey man,whatever works for ya.
Just donated 10 bucks to the Barack Obama Campaign For Not Electing Anyone Evil Fund.
Laughter truly is the best medicine. Spending some time with my girl Jess<3
some people are so annoying....time for some tv and sleep
it doesnt snow that much in Texas, but when it does it's really cold and so much fun to play in!(:
Next time I won't plant a tissue wad in the V.I.P. room when corporate stop by.
I'm headed that way now.
I mocked Matthews to the #Ravens in round 3....nice call...love his game and hands...great body control
If knowing who you are is hard then how can you express yourself? ~ possibly buy a mirror and find ur image.... L0L
Must have stabbed her fifty fucking times, I cant believe it,Ripped her heart out right before her eyes,Eyes over easy,eat it eat it eat it<U+2665>
Was at the game last night ... you could definitely tell it was still bothering him
I could die today, but would it matter anyway?
We're at customer Cox Business' session on it's Xactly implementation. What questions do you have about implementing #salescomp?
Find great events at www.tournamentscoop.com
Thoughts n' prayers to Adam Yauch's family.
followed me:D<3 :')
absolutely the worst
Can't wait for it to storm tonight!!<U+2614><U+2601><U+26A1>
Yeah, you know: neutral. I thought everyone knew that.
Where?! is there a new video or something ? lmao
Next year.
lmfaoo that's why we always stop talking LOL
Great practice guys! Let's do it again next week and get better every week.
In other news, sales in Apple products are going to grow absurdly high for the next few months.
then you die cause one zombie can make 100
Just realized that My yelp badges say a lot about Me.
if anyone is a working PA needing a gig tomorrow, I might have a job for you! hit me up...
Was just thinking about you :) how you been lady?
We start filming again in April.
Great work tonight
are you doing littlefield again this week?
Tony Krantz (?) sold 20yr old ER script by billing it "from creators of Jurassic Park."
i got my little guitar. its so cute :D
Man there are certain things girls in skirts shouldnt do
Yes, I believe that's where it comes from. Can you confirm?
You will have to shoot me a message all about it. Let's try to Skype sometime brother
My husband and I both heard the shots. We live just up the hill. 5 shots. Crazy for lil' MV.
tough enough to run for prez, or just to critisize and critique from afar.
you're welcome :D
When you don’t know how to pronounce a character’s name in a book so you just substitute in your own jibberish word in your head.
Now THAT's my kinda priority! Right there with ya! ;-)
#7daysofsex was actually hilarious
Had a blast wit my fam tonite, got tipsy...goodnight tweethearts!!
Talk a good game all you want to but all that isn't seen counts for sh*t
congrats to you both!
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Thx 4 not stopping to look for the truth! But maybe we need someone who is "nuts" not a robot. Nice interview w/the Judge.
All you say is I'm sorry it's this way...
The only person I want is you . Daamnn I swear if I could write a paragraph about you on twitter I would . (:
HEY... FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER... I ALSO HAVE A FACEBOOK PAGE.. THATS ALEXIS TODD ORIGINAL SUPERSTAR PAGEANT FAN PAGE. LOOK ME UP & "LIKE" PG.
RT "You can't exercise your way out of an unhealthy diet, and you can't diet your way out of an unhealthy lifestyle" KG
Longest. Meeting. Ever.
getting better. I ride around the city streets at night. I'm not hood at tricks by any means, but just riding I do great.
Ladies and gentlemen, its been a long wait but WE ARE BACK FROM HIATUS. <3 We missed you #fizzyfamily and of course <3
boo hope you and red are havin fun
Last call get your scores in, guess spurs/clippers halftime score to win a deucebrand watch...Enter Now!!!
Looks like there's a chance for a rainy/slushy Indianapolis for SB Weekend. Anything is better than last's year's ice storm in Dallas!
are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team, aye.
going to Ireland soon:D
thank you for the mention !
DNC chairwoman: Trump, Romney ‘both like firing people.’
there's proof that a "," makes all the difference
2mins left wow!! Please pick me :-)
*Stretches* Should've known it wouldn't be that easy as I wished she would make it Well, Lord show me my armor, we've got a fight to win <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
CHINA TOMORROW SO EXITED
No problems, don't work too hard. Hope you find some time to relax.
OH NO MACIE NOT NO DESSERT
Shaq retired? I forgot he still played.jk-jk still have love reserved for ya, I mean you did help us to Championship in 05 & this year :)
my fav so far has got to be OneWayTicket but I love them all
They'll be available at the event!
Then we'll tar & feather 'em! RT : RT : POTUS: Voters will "run" GOP "out of town" if they are a "do-nothing Congress"
I think he does.
Today i was in time square and meet and <33 you guys made my day!! Thank u so much!! <33
RT : If someone sends you 5 texts in a row, and you don't respond, that's basically going to be their suicide note.
I have a callback for the Wild Turkey commercial and a new one for Schick tomorrow...Thanks Nancy Chaidez Agency!
Just realized how many times I've said Massive since loving One Direction. LLN too many!
Call me crazy. Upset!
It frees you from doing things you dislike
He told me he will never leave us, I told him to come back. He said he never left... It wasn't just a dream to me...
Tuesday is here, are you setting up an outbound campaign or telesale center? Call us to get help 866.460.6611
it really is. Lol
I'm the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you'd ask me too! <3
#openbrainsurgery in anatomy class. still
babe dont worry about him
well, they are not hard on the eyes... and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out - with photos.
Snow is general all over Chicagoland.
HEY. Renaissance fairs are cool.
Brooke's gown looks like a wedding dress O_o
I hear is giving surfing lessons tomorrow. I'll be there!
Bestfriend graduating and then seeing my gf later tonight<3 awesome day so far :)
I haven't made my mind and I don't think this is right but I'm loving another <U+E106> I think ..
I do
Did you read on news, supplements are not good for older women? I gave up them long time go. Just eat your apple!
Today reached a milestone -- 1000 followers! Thank YOU for following this Twitterfeed on Jews, the arts, and Jewish culture.
Go for your dreams. Live for YOU !
I would like to have one, just ONE, good morning. ONE. At least I know will the day will improve thanks to and mel.
having sex inside the car triggers me...
Excuse me- one of three. Harris Ranch, Taste of India, and Pea Soup Anderson's.
chemistry has us grindin man. We can't all be journalism majors
why can't I see him!! Thanks a lot
part of it is just.. the contrast between ~how i used to be~ and the fact that i had no idea they had a new album coming out
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly I scream #yolo and buy all the properties til im bankrupt
Tomorrow night is 80's night... going to the thrift stores tonight
my daydreams are tangled w you, that coloured disco ball light strolling slowly around made me think of slow dancing... your forgiving eyes.
I'll keep my shit protected for a week, see if that works .
Wouldn't that make you more of a hooter?
They do a Jane Eyre every year... sheesh!
thank you! Love you!
Franklin Pierce
Do you have chloe following you
Chilling n lex town...hitting tha club up..Holla
As you go out tonight remember that DJs are performers, not personal jukeboxes.
Who would like to see Matt Wayne and Company produce a new album in the next few months? - MW&Co Mgmt
Wide awake...
great minds....
House Energy & Water Committee released preliminary FY13 #weatherization funding at $54.5 million, down from $68 million last year
Damn that's a nice, round ass. Def would love to tongue fuck your hole.
... I sent an email back asking for your address to send the shirt to you....
Please pray for the health of my father. He was rushed to the emergency room early this morning.
just kidding haha
when did u call I've been on a plane skbce early this morning tests way it was off. U could of texted
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
happy #earthday don't forget to recycle your beer cans from last night
Why? What is your skin tone?
Did you fart? Lmao
um fine then ur uninvited to church haha jk
#BestPickUpLines "Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see"
of course i have work when its gorgeous out
I like your style sir.
Attending a conference on building local biz movement in northern California.
lol well thank you :)
Since has not been resurrected, we decide to take matters into our own hands! The tradition must continue!
“: "We'll wait until they quiet down"....might be awhile. #LexingtonPoliceScanner”--shitiswild
Come to our information session October 6th from 6:15-7:45 at the Orleans Street Library! For more details/to RSVP visit www.casabalt.org
Can't wait to get home and sleep :P lol
I'm so bored and so hungry
SELENA GOMEZ BIRTHDAY TODAY WE GAVE A GIFT THANK YOU SELENA
is Crabtree even dressed? He's the Ochocinco of the NFC.
RT : It isn't okay that there's a movie "based on" Battleship starring Rihanna. That is a thing that is not okay.
climbing wall in Los Angeles.... Any suggestions on a good one, preferably with plenty of bouldering..!!! Thanks all
The certs. and language proficiencies are sometimes missing.
Get the flick <U+2708>
Wow...did that Mullen racism story explode or what?
I luv it. Where did you find it at???
me either. I feel better! Stretching works!(plus a nice nap afterwards) round 2 for next week?
I have to clean my desk. Backhoe or match?
Ok great, can you DM his # & or his email addy.. Thx,.... Orphanz™
Gabriel Hirsch is one of the premier bands of Berlin!
Can't believe my little bro and cousins & are going to be seniors.
Hell hot guy with his shirt off... Wait, we're in class. WHY IS YOUR SHIRT OFF. well I'm not going to complain ;)
Turns out canned tomato soup is a passable sub for pasta sauce when you add the right spices. Kitchen wizard!
Ok cool :)...are you enjoyin this beautiful weather 2day
ill be by there later
Sick and in pain
Where did you see it?
Stepped away for a while. What'd I miss?
What's this about?
I gotta say that stung a little. To each his own
These ladies are serious about supporting Mamas! RT : WOW! Thanks so much!!!!!!
When I correct you, and you get mad, <<< ..... It's for YOUR own good, stupid ass. -.-
I didn't know Josh Groban was a contestant on
Omg monster energy drinks are like crack only 3 sips now havn heart palpitations, and shakin like Pookie on NewJC
It's not finished, but I have a full sketch with voice and orchestra framework up to the last bar.
My grandpa thinks its ok to get in the car without his keys #forgetting something?
w/ Fresh, flavorful Laotian Crispy Rice Salad at our Holiday Gathering. Go to Falls Church & give Chef Seng a hug from us!
but, didn't you play by the rules?
hey Jeff, really enjoyed your panel just now and would love to catch up and chat. Are you around during the break?
you're on a tweeting frenzy. Lol
The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie. :)
you imply that you normally give cocktails to children.
HEY LOU! IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL TURN YOU INTO A ZEBRA SO YOU CAN PERMANENTLY HAVE STRIPES. :3
My babys meeting with the surgeon today. :/
The Scandinavians are winning everything. Like so many Vikings pillaging the
S/O To All My Followers, Thanks For The Support
just installed xmarks for chrome. life is sweet.
What about Horror/Comedy? Seems more unlikely, but just as common. Easier to scare people after they've laughed?
yeah, nuts. and make a damn sandwich yourself dude. you can buy a pound of ham for price of 2 lunchables.
"As sure as spring will follow winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession." Bo Bennett, Motivational Speaker
A womens heel in the club is deadly to a man! last night a bitch stepped on my boot, hurt like a bitch, felt like some1 shot me in da foot
thanks girl, me too!! I still sometimes can't believe I wasn't dreaming it :D
waiting for you to follow your biggest fan so i could cross it off my bucket list;)
My life have taught me one vital thing and that is: I came into this world alone. I shall leave it alone. And, if I have to live in it alone
when are you going to notice me? :/
did u get to catch any of co hawks 15's? If so thoughts ?
It was the shirt :-)
hey bud, I need a favor. Could you spare 5 minutes sometime today to talk Moscato with us? Launching a new FB ad campaign.
Whoa. Your Tweets are uh. NOTICABLE... xD
A new empathic approach used in one high school. Great results!...
got u
thanks for the follow ! Great website -- fond memories of the Mozart clarinet concerto...
Good Luck to all students having Chinese tests and Oral exams! <U+52A0><U+6CB9>!
Josh hutcherson & jennifer lawrence. You're killing me here.
ohmygod. Im so embarrassing lmao so dumb
Be great to have a one-stop virtual library for all these new digital maps, with all the content they index.
haha guess it's going to be a long semester then lol ;)
Tho, with the AQ going away, I see the only reason to leave as money. And if that doesn't come thru, well, it's a mistake to go
don't leave the one you love for the one you like blah blah blah...
Awesome, I hope everyone enjoyed!
Still awake.
thanks! You too, where can I find your music?
absolutely! the fun just STARTS at 7! RT : this event tonight- can I get there after 7?
Terri Gender Bender from literally almost just got arrested in the middle of their set. Long story. But rad.
really? Aw thank you so much!! :)
You're welcome! RT : Cardamom Latte, thank you,
Looking forward to a Wisconsin Fish Fry tonight with Brandy Old Fashions!
I've had third lunch all week
Thanks, Jim. Happy Thursday!
is it me or are #BLUECHIPS hating on the #FACEBOOK IPO? strange to see haters in Corporate America, LOL!
It's better that way
I <3 NSHSS (The National Society Of High School Scholars) ^_^
Had an opportunity to pray for a homeless brother named Terry. #ETTS Eyes to the Sky. May the Lord bless the homeless.
what u guys doing?
I'm trying to follow people that are following me but it isn't sticking. Weird. I'm TRYING though!!
In relationships, sometimes the most important part of communication is HEARING what's not being said.
BIG News Coming Very Soon!
has brandon jennings under contract as well as auburn, texas tech and other hoops teams but has no retail hoops shoe to sell
just chillen in advisory laying on the mats wishes advisory was longer that 30 mins
web-investigators.com and private.investgator.detective.com
Hello to our new followers , , , and !
sweet! You should catch Queen L on Sat!
Jennifer and Derek so deserved a PERFECT score tonight! I have no clue what is going through the judges minds?????
About time one of our DJ's got a Twitter. Everyone make sure to go follow . Who btw is opening for this Wednesday
Is there a football game on? U gonna show for my celebrity bar shift today 11AM-1PM at next to
Mayor : "I will be the first Philly mayor to visit Incheon." W/i a year. Try the live baby squid, Mayor, it's a specialty!
The NYT today was all about the World Cup. Check it
I was watchin all the jersey shore reruns last night lol they was funny thoo lol
Happy, happy, happy Friday! Did I say happy yet? Wake up with the
You are so welcome!
one tough Defender
It is sad and incomprehensible how much fear and angst is triggered by a discussion of health care reform these days
America's Best Dance Crew with all routines to Drake songs--SCORE!
Post-July 4th blues? Sync yourself into some great reads on your e-reader: THAT SUMMER is now 2.99
Actually, it was my ex girlfriend. Now I just need Bunny to cut me a check for $100k and this all goes away.
Graduation party tomorrow
School's out! Share fun activities you and your kids are doing over the holiday break... :)
enjoying a bowl of chicken noodles, while opening up new metros... busy day! been on the phone most of the time... i can't wait for tuesday!
NYC in summer is a Bikram yoga studio for 8 million. Hot sweaty people contorting themselves to fit into small spaces.
I wouldn't want him
We gotta start praying for our family members
If loving waffles is wrong, we don't want to be right.
Don't worry - its a request not a requirement
Not a chance, we got this in the bag!!!
"You know how horribly flawed I am." Bree to Tripp. "I don't want to love an ideal, I want to love a real person."T to B
Don't worry if you didn't win this time around! We will be giving away more gift cards in the next few weeks!
my pay it forward: I bought a former colleague lunch and lent him my ear after a recent layoff. bad times ahead for this good guy.
Ha, so true! Warming up and stretching...
Just posted a few new shows. Check them out!
Valid point - planning on it!
Devotion is more than just saying you love the Divine... You must become that love, see that love in all things, and be the act of loving.
Love that song!
“If you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.” Henry Ford
“: Yes! And, like, yeah, man. RT : she totally looks like Janice from the muppets. #bachelor” Yes! Ha!
Thanks for the RT of my post - and thanks for producing so much great info!
hi Beth just wanted to say I love you you are amazing and I wish I were as strong as you you are a role model
We're close to launching our video on inspiration. Stay tuned!
mom brought home five boxes of dunkaroos
tripped transistor lapses, I touch / the body, eclectic / and my hands reach out the eyes / transposing silently the veins of sleep
hahahah soon, we will go soon. lol
Major Obama Donor Under Investigation by SEC Over Payments to the Chinese - In addition to being the largest single donor (Katzenberg)
Howard Cossell: DOWN goes Frazier, er uh, Facebook!
The fun police just raided my loft.
“: #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [ ] #HURRY!! :))” done.
Check out the new single off "Where Giants Roam". Let us know what you think!
you cant die! We got shit to do this weekend
Pissed off at you.
who do they play?
thanks, playboy!!
thinking of dropping iPhone in favor of DROID, AT&T killin me because of service. thoughts?
I dnt ask fa much...but 2chill n have a good time!!! So y is it so hard 2 find mii Mr.Right?
The next show replay is Tuesday on Root Sports - I believe 5:30pm.
Oh, okay. Um, I invented Post-Its.
We've had Farley for almost 3 years... got him a few months after we got married... and he's not fat, just big-boned ;-)
I'm such an idiot. I bought the wrong strings!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I still can't change my default :(
Today I got lunch at Calexico Cart, someone shot me with a Nerf dart, and we had an office-wide cookie decorating party. I heart
Enjoying our first real day in San Fran! Thanks to & for watching the house, dog and most importantly Caroline!
I'm playing at The Jam session tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando 8:00 - 11:00
#happymothersday to all the mothers, the expecting mothers, pet mommies & the sexy mamis of the world! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
haha you sure did! What's your name? Im Ashley!<3
Lick me like the end lick me like it's the end of the cone!
I sure hope so!!!
yay, it's officially the day when we can spoil the Hunger Games movie for everyone who wasn't quick enough to see it yet!!!
Botulinonia: sex with a sausage. (How weird is that...)
i will make sweet love to one day.<3
this music shit isn't done overnight..
ii meant tu put who watched dha bad girls club last nite ..!!
Nice, GLOC! RT : we need to hook up so i can co produce this! good luck to you all!
I know there are a lot of veteran hockey media guys, but with media companies looking to get younger and cheaper (continued)
I hope so too
Just Got Banged On , Soo I Guess I'll Go To Sleep Now !
Learning about Twitter with Lexi Kavanaugh right now. She knows what's up!
holy crap i did not know this.
Good morning YOUNG,WILD&FREE
This week we've got #TheKingsSpeech, #Rango plus the new Matt Damon thinker-thriller,
Thanks, Malcolm! RT : I gave ten bucks to Keith's Campaign!!
Mike miles from harrison school district 2 in Colorado Springs testifying in support of house bill 1238
Dt Bars tonight
Going to the airport early in the morning. We!
“: 60+ bands performing for FREE at #Superbowl village. #OAR #dierksbentley learn more www.indianapolisSuperBowl.com”
Who is going to win the game tonight
What's your favorite yarn website?
Yo, this skull guy from "Captain America" is mad scary.
if not, see us at the Gorge for Watershed! : )
I have one in my purse.
"Forward down the field!"
#humblebrag :Was just rear-ended because the guy in the drive thru line behind me was checking out my wife as she walked by
are you still playing KROQ Weenie Fest? Buying tix next week
thanks for checking us out. Let us know what you think.
Wtf RT : =O!!!! Wow.... niggas be looking too. smh RT " Halle Berry's stunt double, in the movie “Catwoman”, is a man."
perfect day to go to the beach -_-
Thanks for last night's enjoyable member get-together. It was fun to meet more chapter folks!
My wife just referred to her butthole as the brown biscuit.
Finally got to see game of thrones, the first two episodes of the new season. I don't remember stannis doing that in the books....
they are so fun! Try to go when you can. :-) plus you get to see in person ;)
#HowCanYouExpect people to respect you, when you don't do the same to other ... you gotta give it to get it...
The awkward moment when the person who is cutting your hair says "oops"
MT Ravens Suggs on ESPN: "Why don't you like my quarterback, Skip? Is it his mustache? Is it his eyebrows?" > > Awesome
Didn't hit the jackpot. But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
couldn't get waveburner to work with my 002... why you gotta mess my system up :) jk
If it works, you realize I'll have to hire you every time I audition? ;)
//lol Aw man!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell me I'm overreacting. Care to die?
m nice honey
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm, & Tides of Ruin; Friday October 15 @ Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, 6:00, $5!
your friend is cutee
Yay watching a movie
RT : The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
welcome to Twitter lmaoo
DOH that's right. Candlestick!
Watching a movie w/my family, then bed. Night world!
there's a shell station with one in reseda on white oak right off the exit
aww, poor baby! It's no fun...it's gotta be the change in weather and allergies combined..
Spent some money on Tribes:Ascend
the king of all photos ;)
no doubt!!
Couldn't be more proud of our vice president and his stance on gay marriage!
then they should have no say about anything!
Nikon's D800 outclasses all others in sensor test - CNET
Great time on Saturday at the #Gasparila festival in Tampa. Our annual "founder's day" tradition.
Slave to the bills.
THIS it the COOLEST shop ever!!! Must Must get one (um, or two)!! THANKS MARCI! LET US KNOW WHAT YOU WANT!
You know what's not so fun? Planning a day's worth of food for a whole conference while getting over food poisoning.
what about it? Haha
well yeah, but after that ! haha and mommy was looking so forward to seeing you!! she was kinda happy -__-
KDAY's 4:20 programming is so on point
same... who are you going with tue? i haven't planned this well.
Brian can sigh in relief - Steven Tyler is engaged:-)
I read :) Sorry I was off :/ a little busy
I am having a great Vday
The Tigers are becoming the cardiac cats again.
Hammed in a shuttle oh
Want a tangible reminder to be an Upstander? Send us a SASE. We'll send you a penny card, w/ info on 1 child who died in the Holocaust.
Finding out more and more things about avon girls that i thought were perfrectly good.... Wrong! <U+E40C>
Happy Mothers Day!! Hope it was a good one!
it's bad enough reading about chocolate souffle 1st thing in the AM, but is the chocolate icing banner really necessary?
I had coffee Patron just now and it was SICK! Never again. I don't want my hair to grow anymore
the inside GOV Center sucks! The one inside North Station (NEAR Door) gives 3/4 cup of coffee to save ca$h :(
50 cent ain't a rapper who got shot nine times, it's the fuckin price we pay, when we eat on wing night!
Anybody smoke American Spirit cigarettes? They any good?
eating sausages
roc u being sexy
you post some of the best internship opportunities. Thanks for the continuous updates!
“: I have a list of questions...I need to ask the perfect person, !” I apprieciate it Honey, but I am far from perfect
Muffins, queso, enchilada dip, and iFratelli pizza all by 1 p.m. Not a good day to be my pants, man.
yup, & it's your fault!
who gives a fuck about all that? Get over it bro
Fall programs are underway. Peer groups, respite care, community outings, and parent education in the Los Angels area! We still have space!
this has been the best season because of Britta!
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date with schedules and special offers!
American Girl Readers Club will conclude with Cecile and Marie-Grace at the Centre Branch on April 26th at 4 p.m. For girls 8 and up.
texting you
Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans! YOU ROCK!
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to your updates!
If I had a# KeurigVue brewer I would call it go go juice
I AM EASILY SWAYED.
Thanks for following. Nice description, I feel similar about making music.
no way dude. We already went down that road once. Too expensive.
Brad Templeton on computing security: "We are now automating both good & evil. Crime can now scale nonlinearly."
Concealed Carry and Castle Doctrine are fine, but we need laws to keep guns out of criminals' hands.
WISH I COULD VOTE FOR PIP >=[
11 more likes to page status and sale!
lol yes I did
go to tunecore.com and sign up. it's pretty much the easiest way :)
[GT]PSA: #Community returns tonight! If you're not part of the audience, you're part of the precipitate!
“: Bros graduation tonight!” hey I'll be there too! Did you know that?
Top floor, dog.
Happy Veterans Day
Can't sleep. It has nothing to do with the double chocolate cheesecake and coffee I had earlier this evening.
Beautiful holiday. Now back to work! !
Vanessa Hudgens kisses guitarist
I enjoy but, come on, it's Jon Hamm everytime. Always, no matter what.
Nah, you're good. You're clearly on top of things.
heard that, lol
oh thanks O_O
what changed for Rodgers in sf? Better scheme fit?
my husband runs a lot and LOVES them! He took them to Afghanistan with him and uses them to run there too :)
Another #GoKingsGo power play! Coyotes getting frustrated, taking terrible penalties.
I need to know the details before you put out a press release. I have other obligations and don't want to put you in a bind.
Aw, there's nothing more adorable than a four year old working through the concept of his own mortality at the dinner table. Right? *sob*
Amen to that!
Four Movie Extras needed as Construction workers error
oh you Portuguese with your magical realism! Anthem of my heart! (Family name is Andojar).
I love my baby, Tyga.
Fuck I could have cracked that hanging pos , come on hammel
I know you do.. Sleezebag.
House of Sand and Fog was a great movie but geez I need a pick me up now. (with Robbin)
nah u guyz r sexier
Why is iris by the goo goo dolls randomly number 1 on iTunes?
Eff it.....oh well
Only one Answer! rel to Free TV Series onlineMore Tweets
sounds interesting, ill give it a peep! thx peeps!
No gain without pain. Have a great workout.
You've got to be kidding????
#10thingsaboutme; #7. I have 2 sister's that are both older than me...:/
WOW!! Jean Merrill is one of my author heroes. Plz pass along my best wishes. I give PW and Tooth.Mill to library custmrs often.
didn't read it...lived it.
Show us your independent artists!
It was so nice meeting yesterday at neiman's! So beautiful! Gonna catch The Talk later on today!
dont get lost in our huge giant airport lol
Wondering what the Rose Bowl jerseys look like? I've got a sneak peek at 10...
Seriously contemplating getting banh mi again today.
Chinese museums grappling w issues US museums dealt with in 19th c. How to define museums? How to build colls? But is v. new wld.
on what? hahaha
lol yea i know. U gotta come up
standing outside metro arena waiting for ur sexy ass! Cos rihanna we found love in a hopeless place!! Get in woohoo!! Cnt wait x
Omg -.- i know Im not dating him.-.-
I hope not. But it helps. There isn't one way. One way is for religion.
snake selling
Happy Friday and Happy Tweeting !
Dowager Countess should consistently reference Budweiser & Chevy in addition to playing some mean defense.
bad mother.
Dude. Dude. You guys. I'm like, dying for a cupcake. /munchietalk.
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVEEEEEE U SO MUCCHHHH TWO
hahah I just like nujabes beats
follow me back King!
its on Henry boulevard in stockbridge
#21CRadio Q4 Do you like to get music news directly from artists on social media or do you prefer someone else to do reporting?
Ho ho ho! Lol-popin. Just finishing up music for a video game for xbox. What's the haps with you?
Just took a shower! Fuck feel
it's how we process a large amount of information in a small amount of time
omg thats adorable :)
HELP ME GET MY MOM TO TAKE ME TO PLAYLIST LIVE SO I CAN SEE YOU!!!!!!!! :D
&PARK NICE JZ LOOK AT \U NOW
o woow ok thats far whats out there to do?
awesome job Josh!!! and !
Do you ever see D. McDonald getting thrown into a trade? Seems we have plenty of legitimate outfield prospects.
Good luck in Dallas, buddy. Will miss you behind the plate this season.
Police down town again on Colerain
So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered "bummy" in Newport News..smh
What's good on #Netflix ? I'm thinking a stay in movie night tonight!
Ya did?? Will look again. Did not see your email!
What if standardize tests are a gateway to an uncontrollable desire to read crappy passages?
Welcome Nancy! We're glad to have you!
Watching tennis matches all day. No drinko de cinco for me =\
Great wine and great food - thanks for sharing your favorites!
Does bama dare attempt another FG???
1634 meeting tonight!
I hope that I wont cry but I think Im going be our ET has that affect on people
Hehe. Will do. This meal will cost me 1hr of swimming+1hr of dancing+1hr of walking tom. But worth it coz #foodismyreligion:-)
I'm good. Building the new terminal at McCarran Intl Airport LAS. 1/2 mile long... getting my exercise, for sure.. Weather's nice!
RT Thursday: Marathon reading of Melville's Bartleby, the Scrivener: 60 Wall St, 3PM
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubba
I can't wait to leave this town tomorrow..
Good two days resting up hangin with friends. Big week ahead. Charlotte I will see u 2morrow and then....ATL!!! My 2nd home. <-- justin said
All I wanna do is just smoke drink n fuck
'Let's have some new cliches' Samuel Goldwyn
The singer for this salsa band looks like Boris Kodjoe. M...
RT First words of Easter morning from lips of our resurrected & reigning Lord were, "Do not be afraid." So....//Hope!
Mike and Mike apparently hasn't watched alot of AD themselves.
Lol thank you for that voicemail saying "hey bitch wanna get laid tonight?" stfu immature cunts whoever you are.
Decemberists live at Austin City Limits right now.
We have showrooms in Phoenix, Glendale, Scottsdale and Tucson- so we are never far away when you need the best lighting options!
Watching Gremlins - forgotten how much I loved this movie. Bright lights bright lights!
I can't sleep so im just chillin on gif boom making gifs loll
really and so have I, you just got ghost on me like... damn
Just came back from a walk down the national mall, snow men everywhere! Love this winter wonderland!
Ok! Definitely added to reading list.
I don't know what that means...should I keep going? :p
Great to meet up with looking through his recent shoots. Only £35for an hours family photoshoot... Really good value!
please i want a count of vevo ,, i live on peru
Gorgeous #Fall day here in
loves Valentines day, where nookie is only a box of chocolates away
whats ur email ? We can trade !
. You are an idiot. Stop while you can still dial a phone. Then call a friend. Or a taxi.
I say all pittsburgh is missin is more diversity all thr movies,music,and diff renovations def make a good impact
Your always BEAUTIFUL
Thanks so much, Kate! Great to hear from you...let's catch up sometime soon.
what is the status of the duval fire. my house is in that area and i know y'all are having site trouble.
Just did the math and tied for most apps at #HackTO with 5 apps each out of a total of 17 awesome apps
I've had a rough night and I hate the fuckin eagles man... Also trance > techno for grinding, and in general.
Laughing at THAT visual. I'm not Canadian though so he would be biased against me I'm sure.
My pt is really this: it's a polemic. He should state "I prefer x type of football. I have a prob with X"
They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network.
Im surprised that more people don't recognize you
: these vets need to be employed! I speak to executives for improved interaction and outreach for awareness and compliance.
Hi Miss Lady, how are you?
"Every kid needs someone who is proud of them."
My cousin insists on talking over VIber. Anybody tried it?
"Now made with real cheese" . . WTF were you using before???
Im.back.twitter.world!
Emails for server status is not a service we offer. I recommend 3rd party monitoring and have passed along your concerns. ^CB
for audio? Do you have a genre you like?
I told that Guy From Facebook about you. im really sorry for what I did... I love you!
Kids Rock! Today is take your rocker to work-all kids get a free ice cream cookie sandwich with the purchase of an adult entree 11a-4p.
Will I ever NOT be scared of sleeping alone?
Hey Matt, what does turn out for Friday look like?
The only thing we bring to this relationship with Christ is hunger, He brings everything else. GET HUNGER!
What a dunk by MKG! Kentucky up 32-24 with 5 minutes left in the first half!
thanks ladies!
Man is it just me or do it seem like everybody on dumb shit 2day? lol wtf
Pleasure is all mine! Looking forward to your updates and also joining you at a
Hey! I've only been using Twitter for a couple of months lol
that wud b me
i have the huge headach
Kourtney and Kim Take New York ! <33333333
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than dream: work."
The awk moment when you keep retweeting someone. Sorry, #you'rejustclever
rock, heavy rock, R&B and Hip Hop. Sometimes mashups between those genre's just for fun :-)
that awkward moment when you are trying to do 11:11 but the time changes to 11:12 before you press send.
I know what you are thinking about me, and the worst: I agree!
Join us at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate. We walk to the stadium area together at 2pm.
Awesome. Hey, is there still time to do that animals on ships exhibition we wanted to do? Maybe we can adJudycate the matter.
where r u meeting them?
can we hear some fatboy slim, praise you? Please!
thanks for the RT, hope you enjoyed the article!
For some odd reason, I never have any hair nets.
E-ink (used in Kindle) is actually easier to read than printed ink in a book? Hard to believe but want to test out that theory!
Deck doesn't want me here. Had to fold top2 on dry brd, and then just folded KK on J high brd in a 3bet pot. Now at 8k.
I'm ready to have a great weekend...I hope you guys feel the same!
I agree. It really tells you something about the man behind the public image. So does his incessant changing of positions.
"John Mayer can't decide whether to age into Johnny Depp or Jack White, so he's splitting the difference." Hilarity from
can i be the 301st person you follow ? <3
Spring break........ Summer won't come any faster :(
at work right now, if anything is going on when I get back
#antm #americasnexttopmodel I read its cuz she told who the final three was when she was supposed to keep it a secret
oh lunchtime. I love you so much.
Totes have room Maggie! :) ^dr
our pet food drive is doing great, but we need more canned cat food, first drop off date is Feb 7th....and also visit our site, great sales!
Eddie Montgomery's bound, show starts at 9. Come hang out with us. May roll out Hannah's latest "LIVE". Get there!-BH
Berly finished hand drawing 3 mother's day cards.
haha idk either. and we thought we were awesome with our sidekicks
he was so pissed he used a pc
Living gives you a better understanding of life
whoever that is, says today is my 3-year Twitter anniversary. Congrats to me, I guess?
in one them moods lol >>>
I thought our robes were black?
Amazing Baby just finishing up on stage. Will have to check the out on Itunes or Blip. The are pretty good, live at least.
Not every girl has the same intentions the bitch that fucked you over had.
“: Physical Therapy Flow”keep up the great work & congratulations on your accomplishments & achievements!
go follow ASAP>>>>
are you going tomorrow ? or no ?
In 2016, 'haps? “: YU DARVISH FOR PRESIDENT I DON'T CARE THAT IT IS ILLEGAL MAKE IT HAPPEN OBAMA”
Watched TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE last night at 2:00am---Big Mistake---Could Not Sleep at All--Don't like watching scary movies by myself hahh
hello from Japan
new to twitter. wish me luck!(;
good luck!
Ok I was just testing my luck. Goodnight <3
want to target n got my sister a white ipod lol n back home
Use psychology to your advantage: Encoding specificity principle. Drink coffee while studying & then drink same kind of coffee during exam.
You have to use #slapam because the hyphen causes the pam part to be dropped. I'll see you later.
SAM TRUMP
Tropical Storm Don turned out to be a dud here in South Texas.
Happy New Year to all! Make it a resolution to go to at least one Edcamp this year.
what u up to
Folks, the people of North Carolina elected John Edwards, so what happened yesterday should be no surprise.
Now were not lost..
Noeleen: Keep it simple...pick three main messages of 4-7 second sound bites and stick with them.
You think I settle for convenience? You're fucking stupid. Lets talk a little. I'll be nice.
Drinking beer up at getting ready for our #MPMF set at blue wisp at midnight
HAHAHA MY LIFE
awhhh yaaaay! you guys can have the three tickets I have ! and it's a 230 show! i can't wait to see you guys! :)
At least my grandma not following me on twitter, cause we are friends on FB
New Detroitexploitation Cinema: "Red Baby Syndrome". Later this Evening. Word Yo!
lmao u wrong as hell aint nothin wrong wit street pussy u jus gotta beat it lol
Who remembers all the Punk-O-Rama compilations?
Just don't drop it!!
hey, thanks:)
#TECHmunch: Enjoy SASS during brk 2day? It's maker is bringing free bottles for u to tk hm. Tweet me if u want one! Thnx
Singin in musical theatre today. It was fun lol. Me and Courtney killed some Annie lol
hey you..
they are the sweetest girls you could ever meet please follow you wont regret it
Probably not. It's not possible to please all peoples at all times. And while allowing universal access might seem beneficial,
I knew you'd come around RT : I hate to say it but I think Adele is starting to grow on me.
I shouldn't even have to say this but I'm STRAAAAAAAAIIGHT so guys..... not gonna happen
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is. My question now is: "Why do only technologically-challenged people use self-check-outs?"
I wish that I was Superman so I can fly place to place ha...............
Where are you moving to??
as if Barry, ARod, Clemens, Pettite, and Jose needed any help...baseball sucks.
That would be me :-)
Progress is good
Getting a tumor removed from his nose. He's a tough old dude.
Any idea what side is which at #cowboysstadium? I can't find it for anything...
Have a great time on vacation!
stephen and ellis wasnt?
School!! Listen ing to I feel so close right now
please do. So tired of bending over to do everything for a girl. I have 5 sis. Me youngest. No more.
Is this the Charish Badzinski I know from WEAU-TV? This is Rob Johnson, formerly of the Chippewa Herald.
how many models do you have?
I wish Jerry Blank had a twitter
Putting 's kids through college with my use of stubhub this month.
"This Tooth Shall Pass"
How do you drive and tweet?
A great month to check out our music and edu programs: www.cantatasingers.org RT : Oct. is National Arts & Humanities Month...
All business majors - receive the FT electronic edition while at school -
I swear I just witnessed a drug deal..
..I like sleeping alone.
YOU BOYZ KILLED IT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
I have ashy knees.
You’ve got to live the life you want to remember
Do you know her breed?
Good. I thought we might have to change it to "submission inquiry," which sounds like "Where's my muhfuggin poems?!"
Havent done anything all day and it feels great! :-)
RT : 1st person with D Rose slander u will be automatically treated and smacked in person and that's no fucking joke
i'm goin to bed....peace! (please tell me i spelled that right lol)
Win. So John Krasinski is in a movie about whales and Emily Blunt is in one about salmon? Is that like a marriage pact?
hahaha, that's what I should've done...you'll figure it out eventually. I still question what I should do. It's annoying!
start tweeting!
Yummy white mocha, no whip, non fat and two pumps please *winks at cashier*
It Was Easy, the debut record from DC band Title Tracks, is an amazing piece of work, go buy it tomorrow!
Can never catch a break.
Just got home, extremely tired but had a ton of fun. Howard University is amazing!!
RT : users pin 20k+ in a week & we slip over 100k. Go citizen historians.
Nice videos, Steve!
it's just cruel to release a trailer for Dallas, and not show the episodes until next summer
change that to "face-smacking toddler" and yup, I've been there. Lots of times :x
Headed home for the break? Be sure to unplug everything and tightly shut all windows.
I have been seeing a lot of articles lately about fracking. Am I the only one that thinks of Battlestar Galactica when I see that word?
oh goodness! that is not what i expected!
"some of us just get fat from breathing air."
RT : A female tht remains loyal to you without a relationship is a female u should wife ??
Going to the gym soon
if Kobe had a twitter he wud retweet this but not Lebron.
Hopefully will pick my name this week if not then next week
96% of users use free version; only 4% pay for the extra storage says
Because GOD has his way...people show up in our lives daily to provide support on our journey through LIFE.
should talk to the unions in Wisconsin next time he needs to gather signatures. They've got it down.
are you going to the conference in October? Tickets on sale today a noon sharp...
meet is cancelled!
syrup and oj tastes like shiiiiit
He showed us how not to run a country.
I loved it Christian.!!!!
Yum! RT We'll be making great food all weekend!
Team Madonna
Cool! From People's 50 Most Beautiful list to this. Did u wear your #client Ralph Lauren big pony shirt?! :-)
If I don't know you and you "follow me" why not use this thing to actually be social, if you need references you need only ask. xxoo, MM
Boom boom
sdfasnews followers: The party to celebrate the end of #afta11 and our brand launch is Saturday night from 6-12 dwntwn
I hate life. :)
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy but socially dead.
Store clothing away from natural & artificial light. A cool, dark closet is a great location for storage.
Twitter handles for Health panel-
I think so.
fresh lettuce
Sometimes I wish I knew someone #famous just so I culd feel the like the coolest person ever. Lol. :P
": ; lol ,I don't think I ever watched it all the way through...."(why not its good)
So fresh! Love the #WhiteOut trend for summer!
you look like ^-^
Looking to make an impact and develop your leadership skills? Join our NextGen leadership team! DM for details!
congrats! keep up the good work. we enjoy your tech blog over here at
It sounds cocky, but I attract way too many young lady patrons.
Nice Sonny Rollins concert at Symphony Hall in Boston! (Forgot to tweet earlier. Oh well, better late than never.)
Big game tomorrow. Lets get a W and move forward. TRUE BLUE ALL DAY
haha!! Sounds like a plan! Lol
Pleased that my operations manager and I disagree about web design. Means we are seeing different data, meaning more information.
We'll be rootin' for the Giants, with GMEN BeerTAGs on our Miller Lite bottles!
Yep, and worse than that, I've lost track of time doing fun research (ancestors) that it's already 1:25 am. Time is not friendly.
sets the context for why at
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. ~ Aesop
yeah of course(: hey girl!
": When youre great you're either going to be loved or hated nothing in betweenhe makes hiself hated,He needs to humble himself
MSU is playing at Comerica tonight. I know it's Detroit and all, but there's a nice view beyond the outfield. I need to see a game there.
When a girl gets jealous, she does more research than the FBI
BLAIS will be well represented at #Barnard2012. IMATS is providing simulcasts & librarians will be among the redshirted volunteers.
Haha no i mean a swing swing.(:
For some reason about an hour ago I cut my bangs they actually dnt look bad :p but eh :* . I'm glad I din touch the rest of my hurr ^_°
Guys get quite creative with pick up lines, but I've yet to hear a good one.
Best in the business. Congrats Shaun. RT : Excited to be producing our newest show starting Tuesday. 7-10p ET!
Fixing to go babysit :D
EVERYDAY THAT I CAN GET UP AND GO ABOUT THIS DAILY GRIND IS A GOOD DAY A BLESSING THE NEXT DAY AIN'T PROMISED<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Getting ready to head to the rangers ballpark....ah
Horrible story :(
If you let me braid your hair I'll love you forever <3.
It's hot and sunny down in FL. Sat i'll be in the web chat at the beach
Yay! She is good peeps!
I Miss Minnesota just made Top 50. Here it at www.amyams.com
Call me carazzzy to work 32 hours in two days... I say ppl just don't know what it means to actually work
Maybe both
I know that was a test
well not rude jst so noisy !
*realize, omg I'm starting to write British lol
Alicia Keyes looks like a beautiful MOMMY.
take the hat off ;)
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 23
're having BBQ chicken, steamed rice, garden salad and fresh fruit for dinner tonight!
I failed that shit...
but as a result of the outcry those cops were later charged and found guilty in federal court for hate crimes
It is during that period of discomfort that we change.
Everybody has a pair of J's...I don't need to see an of YOUR pair. #NotFresh. #NotFresh at all. that new BOOK you got!
THERE'S NOTHING TO FIX... OH! - Blanka
Hi Shan! that's the cutest smile ever.And it made me smile too!
#bulls good luck tonight!
Thanks Bro
I expect no less from you. TIME FOR HATS.
Cake of the Day: Black Forest Cake :Chocolate mousse, kirsch cherries, and layers of devils food cake! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In #boxing, everybody has their favorites. Thomas Hearns
#FF he's a silly little nigga.THIS VERY MOMENT \m/
The Clippers assistant coach played the father on Family Ties.
I was wondering the same
how do 5 gay guys walk ??? answer: in One Direction(;
Hey victor, your mom makes the best frybread!
Don't go with a girl who's high maintence.
theyre the worst omfg why do they exist ): ive had one everyday since monday ):
Ill treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,ill show you the real definition of the best,<3
which one
aye, everybody cousins lol
Thanks Rondi for following us!
Dear , you just saved my night!!
Huey Lewis makes the world go round
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW hehehe!... ;)
I won't say I miss you and I lie because I have too.. Because I know you'll never look at me they way you look at her
Hurry Back!
"Talent is a gift and Character is a choice." Anthony Grant - Men's Basketball Coach U. of Alabama
Wow. Blake with the heads up steal with 2.6 seconds left in first half then has the audacity to dunk on Speights as clock expires.
some rubbers!! LMAO!
clairewasserman Thanks for coming!
staring endlessly at the wall...
The first thing I'm going to do when I get to Chicago is to update my status location. Second, find parking.
ima do ma best.
I have used DyKnow a couple of times just to try some of the features, but I am still very much a rookie.
Watching Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer. Why is Clarice dolled up like a $2 doe? Fake eye lashes and blush? She's throwing herself at Rudolf.
#1DVDforme #1DVDcaptioncomp Just smile and wave, lads. Smile and wave.
YOU SAW THAT GUY?
I love that the team actually scored
Leaving work early on a Friday
super excited ive been cast as a zombie! more to come...
“ Which should I update for b30 first, Black Nexus or Rootz Exodus? You decide!”Black
Red Sox Game tonight with <3
okay!! keep your phone on you!
Any word on the game? Should I scrap all MIN and KC players from my daily fantasy lineup?
Gem worthy grab by SS
Ted, thank you for the FF shout, my Super Friends! Enjoy a restfully fun weekend!
oh no my people... i still dont care, they ned to use their niggie speed and run away
#RAWraleigh will be attending the Launch Party at Solas! Looking forward to seeing these fabulous designers and their work!
RT : Every time you tweet for and #MBTeamS, another "girls under trees" picture is removed from a college home page
Thanks, Karin. Now all you need to do is show me how to reciprocate. :-)
Just finished MWF Seeks BFF by Rachel Bertsche and starting The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides
Yowhen i wake up ...
haha didn't u learn ur lesson to not do that from me?! I have that
put your L on your forehead and run along
feel better soon Gina!
hacked by hehehe i miss u ger bear!!!!!! school just isnt the same without u!!! (just in case u wnt c this) lylas!!!!
I bet you $1,000 won't see this tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
i'm amadisonian there are thousands waiting to get into thecapitol chanting "our house"this is not koch's house, it's the people's.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original “Halloween” was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Definitely going get the RAZR tomorrow..this screen too small
I like how I'm hanging out with my best friends mom, wow I'm cool lol
Hey babe, you smell that? No. Me neither bitch, start cooking.
Being a "new" restaurant is not an excuse for bad food & poor service. If ur not ready to open then don't!
#elderlaw seminar Glencroft Phx, no wifi, no tables, few plug-ins. need 2 update to today's attendee needs. viral marketing obstacles 4 sure
Trying to look for my iPhone...in my right hand. <<<
Yes i know !! How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!? Im gonna miss tweeting them ! :(
"Honey, I'm more man than you'll ever be and more woman than you'll ever get." - Lindy (Antonio Fargas) in CAR WASH (Michael Schultz, 1976)
sad i didn't grab coffee on the (hilly!!!!) walk to the conf. this hotel's brew is not doing it for me. seattle shouldn't have sucky joe.
Watching the Superbowl on NBC. Madonna at halftime ! planning on supporting the Giants.
GOOD MORNING PPLZ. Thirsty thursday!!! If u aint thirsty bout yo goals then stay ya ass in the house. Its ppl out here tryin to make it!!
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!
Ready 4 the weekend
Happy Thanksgiving to all our tweeters in #Phoenix! We hope to see u shopping with us on Black Friday! #Paradise Valley Mall
Texting with a friend from my home town in SC that wants to move here. I think we started a trend; lots of our friends left after we did.
Looks like part of The Little Mermaid.
I am going to marry the night...
what's July 13th?
luv me some head and i love a woman that likes to do it....
Acctualy im gonna make a yo mamma joke twitter not a music room.
I CAN'T TAKE YOUR SILLINESS ;)
Thoughts on the new K-1?
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control, and it is sustained by power, because it lives in fear.
it was great talking to you today about social listening at GU! Looking forward to more conversations.
Just a thought: in the midst of everything going on, is it possible that your reaction says more about you than it says about anyone else?
RACE trailer plus interview on "Ringside Politics" - thank you Jeff Crouere! Show repeats this Sunday night, WLAE 32, Ch 14, 10.00-10.30 pm.
Thankful for another day.
Q1 Be sure those above you are aware of your future goals
people like laurinaitis now
Happy Birthday Jon!
where are you? D;
#YouShouldntEver doubt that I'll always come out on top.
go eat blubber
That was my favorite moment so far
we slept under a pier on the beach with drunk people walking through our campground lol. And doing other things around us...
Rock on that was a lot of fun! RT : Thanks so much for having us on!! We had a blast!
Mike Leach did not play football at the college level. (along with Paul Johnson, David Cutcliffe, George O'Leary, Bobby Hauck, + Chip Kelly)
Oh No: thought of my daughter when I saw this. But I see my Niece re-tweeted! RT Life is better monogrammed.
a real friend ain't finna let no so called dick come between their relationship. then when it comes down to it that I ain fuq him... apology
no bullshit - today i asked a "street dweller" if he could give me advise, & he said verbatim: "don't bump heads with common sense".
I hope everyone has a Great night! My new video out tomorrow!
there's a problem with your site. All I get is Database Error: Unable to connect to the Database: Could not connect to MySQL.
I love those days when you, find money in your pocket
Sunday Wedding today!!!! Did you know we offer a great discount program for having your wedding on a Sunday?
Tryin my best to go to da haven wit and
"Winter Freeze 2011" Saturday, 12/3...It's in the making. Hosted by DJ Dick Hennessy; Prize Giveaways; Beverage Specials; Complimentary Food
Aww shucks! THX! Just did shoot last week on Hollywood Blvd with vintage theme. Can't wait 2 share!
Signed up for Google Offers- now available in Indianapolis. Can it compete with Living Social & Groupon? I will let you know...
"Have you always hunted with your hands? Can you show me what you've done? (...) If you catch it, can you kill it?"
I'm well. Thanks for asking! How are you? Did you get my FB message a while back?
THE ASSISTANT cast cont... LynetteColl, SeanMichaelBoozer
Econmic Development Tour Today for the Beacon Council along with City and County Government Officials. Lunch in Little Haiti. Beautiful Day.
keep up with it then
could you please DM me your p.o. box? I think I've lost it):
Today the #knicks begin their #comeback ! #beattheheat! #dreaming lol
you certainly can not fuck a tree.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
just hanging
thank you for the shout out. Love reading your tweets!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-39
Not much just chillin with music and friends what about you Bro?
Sounds like I am preaching to myself. LOL
the fact that you took tdf out of your name makes me think that you're leaving tdf PLEASE DONT BE
awww I love you Kim, thanks for the skittles, hugs and kisses
PARTY PARTY!! Our baby boy bass player ANDY is getting MARRIED tonite!!! Tonite he becomes a man, any advice to pass along??? Ha
Took a nap out on the porch
Avengers was
Kickstarter probably isn't appropriate for the Patio, but there are a number of tools out there for social fundraising.
writers block ugh!
that's what we called receptionist at Office Suites Plus in Lexington
Boyd/Mt. Clare street garden volunteer day tmr morning. West Lombard and Mt. Clare street. Come out; help build garden beds.
DM us over a mailing address and we'll get a $25 gift card to you :-)
#Don'tBeScared To Tell Someone How You Feel.
Just can't wait to get out of this country
I thought it was a cute fail :)
Associate Producer hat on. Wow you surprise me God lol!
one more follower c:
Ima ride this bitch till the wheels pop..
I really want to check out Menomale tonight.....
Any prizes for most team name wins in quiz league ? Seems to be the only thing we can win...
Its possible by Serial #s and models, but its not easy at all. Worst part? Chinese/Korean guitars wont be subject to the law.
how 'bout them O's? (that's Bawlmerese for aren't the Orioles doing great?) Hope they are and that you're enjoying the game!
Starving...time for some Baja Fresh. Pretty much anything enchilada style. lol
is TRich speaking with a mouth full of marbles?
Happy Mother’s Day to all of the moms out there. RT if you love your mom!
That's a tough one! Cher comes to mind. It would be neat to try on some of her zanier looks just for fun.
Vegetarians must work harder to get a diet with enough proteins, iron, calcium, zinc and b12
hahaha!! It's cool, I'm just gonna look at you funny when you shit talk Boston now. Haha!!
LOL, yes, you're AWESOME!!! But you're a Steelers fan, so that explains why. :)
Each one... Teach one.
whoops, followed you on the wrong account. This is the real one!
I think my joints are frozen due to running p.t in 38 degrees weather FML
I will be live tweeting for/as all day as 200 women scientists + engineers share their brilliance. Follow along + join in!
I JUST got the checks I'd ordered & all my bills set up too. Alas, my husband is a citizen of the UK, so it's a deal-breaker.
cool!!! country girls rule!!
off to the gym with my best friend:)
Are people still upset with the new Facebook? My Firefox doesn't always like it.
Crawl, Walk, Skip, Run... You choose... Chase your dream
We share an account but he usually uses his card. Same pot of money but I like not having 2 always carry my heavy purse LOL
Well done
spent all day yesterday watching Amir Khan sparring at the famous Freddy Roach boxing training gym. Never really apreciated boxing til now
Gorgeous morning here in ATX! Temps in the 70s and crews are arriving for the races!
Site outage today, #gwu readers. Hopefully can work some magic and get our site up and running again soon.
Social Media Day sponsorships are still available - please contact Deana @ gtxmarketingllc . com for details
is too cute ;)<3
look it up on youtube. (:
Listening now!
About to cook I need to eat for I pass out
what caused the bleeding?
It sucks when players get switched around. What do you do with your purchased jerseys?!?
Dave, does Radian6 have copies of your book for use?
My Phones retarded er <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It sucks when you sleep from noon to 9 pm...
I think I just saw a copy of your replies. You don't know me. I can promise that.
Taste the tradition one cookie at a time..
looking forward to it!
This lady at work just asked me to sing for her. Sing some
Chris Paul just made the least Clipper shot ever.
um. or you can simply get the #unfollow HOE. I mean yeah that's what twitter's for. but damn HOE, you have NO LIFE.
Mommas don't let your babies grow up to cowboys... or rapists.
stud at disposal = Beach = Hamptons. Music = me singing. The pieces r in place all u have to do is organize it!
good morning :)
I am thoroughly enjoying christmas music this year...
“: I wish I played for a team called WAHOO #jealoustweet” or drinking a WAHOO.
Is it still "Hump Day" if it's only a 4-day workweek?
up working...
On my way home from todays' Racial Disparities conference in Albany. More later...
Props to for their easy online booking system. It convinced me to squeeze in a haircut today!
No matter how I fight the urge I really feel I am going to end up in law school within the next 10 years.
just did!
What the hell goin on twitter?????????
I Owe You One!
New overlapping definitions of media co's to include #Craigslist #eBay All those creating & publishing content
heck yes! I feel like everyone I talk to lately is... Something must be in the air.
a stupid used-to-be friend is ruining school for me. i can't even see my bff without her interrupting.
Happy warm #FF Love the venue!
Your crew is insane!! Such talent and guts you have to do what you do. Can't wait for #NitroCircusLive 2morrow !
we should start a rochester safari.
you rock on Kickin It your my favorite character!! Please follow me it would make my day!!:)
“There’s such an epidemic of obesity in the United States, and for some reason, everybody focuses on anorexia.” -Anna Wintour
Good Morning!!
I would expect delays... Everyone was evacuated and things were canceled. It wasn't terrible. Everyone is really freaked out.
great scene by all!
YOU NEED TO CALL ME LIKE NOW!!!!!!!!
I've got an hour to kill unexpectedly and don't want to go back home. What do people do at 8:30 AM?
so pleased went to see "Detroit" Jealous you managed to see my friend Austin Pendleton in the bar afterwards.
Much respect
Damnet got hacked so I keep getting DM's while I'm trying to jerk it to this chicks Avi...totally annoying.
why did I have to fly out of town this weekend. Darn! Happy super super early bday I guess. Haha
I was going to ask Brad but I can't remember his handle. How are the Hinckley Inst. doing with Salesforce?
Wendy Chun's discussions at #c21nonhuman of ideology, reception and representation in terms of social media. Were you at RU?
It's official, Lex Fenwick from Bloomberg is our new CEO. Welcome aboard!!
Q7 This is like a Dating Game question.
Now THERE is a man with taste! RT : Potential suitor wants to meet tomo at #shenanigans. would approve!
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo let you do crunches and situps because they'll make your pooch & your #diastasis worse!
sweet could use some now lol
Front row seats!
Real Estate's Tiny Desk Concert providing a great soundtrack for my morning commute, perfect blue skies with some perfect psych-pop
That awkward moment when you call someone they answer then hung up then you call again they ignore you
Obama caught on hot mike at nuke conference. Details soon.
www.facebook.com/Exploracise Like Us & win a DVD!
Meh & about to kill this kid for pushing us ...#bitchgonnadie ):/
sweet braided belt bro
Hah,, I love that you included the accents. And that my phone auto-included them too.
Well, I meant when I drove to work.
90 minutes of #exercise per week should be good enough and always have chill out days
yeah you're a little far. Haha
Went to Riverbend tonight, waited a million hours...got stormed on...left because we heard she wasnt playing...right when we left, she began
yes tell him to come too I miss yall
The last place said, "I dont think our chef can do that, but he'll give it a try".
Now using the simulator to plan my financial course of action for 2012.
Gene simmons is behind me at starbucks. What an asshole.
Why am I always eating meals at the most inopportune times while watching movies? I'm looking at you, "Breaking Dawn, Part 1" birth scene.
": Perfect day to smoke in tennis" my wrist is feeling a little better......soo maybe ill humiliate u around 4.
Swedish minister of culture? still in the middle ages? i wonder when some europeans gonna become civilized people?
yeah the the android are awesome. My sis has the android razor. Pretty amazing. But I love my iPhone 4S lol.
“: He's back! Check out my good friend 's show #BeyondBelief on #OWN. 10pm EST. #qualityTV”
Why does your profile picture remind me of James Maslow ( from BTR ) Lol.
Sample sales are the death of me. Who can say no to Cynthia Rowley and Halston dresses at 70% off? (Answer: Not me.)
Choir's 13th Annual Spring Concert Sat- May 5th @ Sweet Holy Spirit -7pm. RT 2win a copy of our DVD
We're excited to engage with Affiliates and allies at #NCLRAdv12! Join us for the education session at 2:40 in room 6 upstairs.
Got the ingredients for my master cleanse. Was kinda disturbed that all the grocery tellers at whole foods knew exactly what I was up to.
NFL players are true gentleman at the club. NBA Players are the drunkin fratboy ASSHOLES and the MLB players are cheap smelly mexians.
Holy hell, , 50 pages for The Games Games Bowl? You've really outdone yourself.
Chow break
truth. I also
What's up tweeps!
We hope you enjoyed your stop here on your “natural history road trip.”
if its meant to be I will.Thanks again.Hope to share more soon.
back from "vacation!"
Your dream is accurate lol JK
Great meeting you, Dave eer.. Dan! Keep making great email! And I'll try to get out to see Jon's band out east sometime!
Luis sorry to hear you had a bad donut experience. Can you follow us so we can follow up w/ you.
*regardless. irregardless is a double negative
S.C.H.O.O.L. -Seven crappy hours of our life. C.L.A.S.S. -Come late and start sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. - fuck i never actually learned shit.
not so!
Hey. Thanks. I favored it, I'll check it out later tmw. :P
In times like these we can stay paralyzed, overwhelmed and oblivious or we can practice presence, gratitude and love.
Eleven are killed and more than 160 wounded in Cairo protests against army rule - Daily Mail
Wagon Mound boys basketball just won the state title! That's the team I played on high school. So proud!
I pray that #someday will follow me<3 :)
yes. its call the Brandon Crew-neck. its an American Apparal shirt that I drew a big B in Sharpie. its only 89.95.
#17 :) We have never talked but I've watched some of your videos and your a great musician! :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Hope you have a GRAND and ICONic day!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
You will rock! Wish I could be there!
BOOTY TWEET!
don't knock the short porch. It's lefty heaven.
yes, I've been printing duplex for all the articles.
Austin is not following me o well he still is following my other account :)
NEW Jack’s Pizza Comet II – the largest portable steel roller coaster in the US at 60 ft high, 1800 ft of track & 4 HUGE drops
come to think about it, i was always that dude in the classes w/ no attractive chicks.
your just jealous bitchezzz
600th tweet goes to, of course, us. and !
Reasonable for a 4 diamond boutique hotel in Back Bay. RT you know the way to this girls heart! What are your prices like?
lmao lmao.... Lets see lets practice
so true!
I never smoke weed again
And also, I somehow lost my ability to keep write in just one tense at a time. Good thing I don't have to shelf-read for another year.
So great to visit with this evening :)
Bar Louie for Margaritas
congrats. super!
Hey Borbs. How goes it? Been a long time.
It's your last chance to see Monsters! Tonight until Saturday! Get your tix now!! @
what's your number
The #Marlins need to throw money at someone quick so people start talking about them again.
"I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that..." - when we drinking again?
Us too!
Don't forget: Healthy Living Expo-June 25th! Free food, kid's activities, demos, presentations and a silent auction! Benefits Gilda's Club!
bitch please you've seen the zumba ass shake
Chi closed 50% of community mental health centers. Destruction and privatization of public assets isn't news.
hahaha... i really love the way you r random
here we go...
All of our food that you LOVE to LOVE is made ALL NATURAL and from SCRATCH without any unnecessary processes!!!
Amen, sister!
Twinkle twinkle little whore. Close your legs your not a door.
It is an absolute fact!!
REMINDER: Optional drafts for feedback for R&D Program due no later than April 12 (May 19 deadline).
Get Austin Mahone Verified tweet me it and ill RT it!!!!
You can now find Envy Protege Designs on FaceBook <3
i hope you're having a great day! Please make my day better and follow me?:)
Im sorry! Im still learning whats ok to post on twitter and what isn't.. :P
Having fun with TLC this week, hunting for library treasure. You can check them out on Facebook at TLC LMU
Another epic #couchbycouchwest night for me. Really my favorite spring festival in Austin.
At least it didn't drag on for years. My fiance from many years ago dumped me, then wanted to stay friends. Yeah...no...
Jan 12th fruit butters & tea. Simply the best. Tasty & healthy. Local. MUST RSVP . Lmtd seating. 6:30pm
Oh my! Don't you loathe that! “: #YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen you get ticked off by people who think or say you're 'jogging'.”
Wish I could switch off my sentimental responses. Choked up reading abt elephants moved from solo zoo-pens to reserves w other elephants.
Yoyos clearly have a greater and more violent following than I knew.
Hi Monday. I'm excited about you in a way I haven't been for a long time. Nice to start the week this way...
I would like that. I'll search it out and see if I can make that happen. :)
are you as excited about as I am?
uh oh sounds good
of course
I'm thinking of taking saxaphone lessons.
o oh ok my bad lol. I know the release over here will be hell as well.
I have a qiestion i Dmed it to you
I don't even know! I'm torn between Pontiak and Screaming Females on Wednesday. Jared (our COO) is excited for K-Flay.
Reggae music will take over Miramar, FL on Feb 19th from 12pm - 10pm at Miramar Regional Park! Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie and more
If you're a TACO this weekend for Halloween...tweet us a picture and get an extra 11% off of your meal on our 30th. Anniversary, 11.1.11!!!
This weekend somehow feels more necessary than most.
followback is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Now that Courtney and Ben are Happily Ever After, because she was misunderstood, I can sleep better. cause I was really concerned...
Nigga please!! that song is amazing!
Marco Estrada is like a nice serviceable skank but nothing you want to bring home to Mom. Cant expect much.
Working on one of my papers for the rest of the night. Goodnight Twitter!
Directing is stressful.
no such thing as a nice futon.
So if I have sex with a tree, is there any chance that will help me get over this awful case of cedar fever?
Eli went to Disney world I going to San Juan
Student cribbage tournament tomorrow at 8 in the Hagen Center! Donations for the Portland Rescue Mission serve as "buy in."
You are appreciated.
Holy crap Ellington is fast as hell!
We were expecting a convention of librarians to be much less noisy! #pla12 #pleasantsurprise Come say "hi" at the photo scan booth
So whats up with the sluts in this place somone tell me and then get me a drink :p
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =D
Hunger games. 2nd time watching it. 10:50. may the odds be in your favor.
Welcome divorce, support and custody attorney to the twitter world!
The last bottle of Black Metal. I love it.
GAB board votes to accept signatures on Senator Fitzgerald saying there will be a recall election.
What jobs will our kids apply for? Our youth should not be limited to today's job offerings kids will create their own jobs.
Local buzz on bike share & Highline Park demonstrates NY influence on local (SJ) cityscaping.
Working on a new screenplay idea. Dialog can be very poetic if you embrace sound as much as visuals.
AZ baseball championship being forfeited b/c girl plays on opposing team is awful. But, is this really why ppl will get fired up abt AZ?
Thank you!
i miss you.
So who else is looking to hit the reset button and start today over ?
Exactly! So not only will I die early, I'll die smelling atrocious. Not the way I wanted to go out! :D
but of course... will that song be running the entire weekend? thought there would at least be a playlist of annoying songs.
max we love you
"You Oughta Be in Pictures" was the presentation; presenter should have links/handout up soon, I think?
Gotta love the traditional "Theater Mondays"! One small step for Theater Connects, one giant leap for the international arts industry!
What is your best masterpiece? Share it with us for Talented Thursdays!
Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. Don't forget it.
OKC right now... Wow! Beasty ass plays
Thanks Carolyn! Great seeing you too. Hope to run into you Krogering again soon!
Fair point! The direction is +/% jump is high BUT 18/500 is not nearly good enough!
We hear you're doing some cool programs in conjunction with the "NASA | ART" opening! From hands-on science to star gazing :-)
Love this. Morning Ms.Elaine! Happy Valentine's Day to you & Chris!
i love you<3 i would be the happiest person ever if you tweet me back<3nothing will make me happier
18u what's the schedule like and fees
If only you knew. . .
Do you know of one, or are you looking for one? Because I'm actually looking for one, hahaha
These Hyundai commercials should properly address popular culture... implementing depressing color tones, vampires, and straight leg jeans
<U+266B> If tomorrow is Judgment Day and I'm standing on the front line and the Lord asks me what I did with my life, I will say...<U+266B>
Why do I have class today? Nobody else does...
that's motivation!
I yelled "THEY'RE GAY" at some directionator today. It was fun.
that shit is just horrible
for a week.
Welcome new followers! We are 8090. No fake label. No fake CEO's. We just make awesome jams. DL our album #AMP and feel the love.
There ya go Tebow, keep doing your thing!
DO IT.
If loving the is wrong, I don't wanna be right. Now serving lunch in Rice Park.
Can someone tell me why boys are sensitive and take everything up the butt? -____-
Really excited to check out Stanford University's new campus in NYC
- I Love My Dick Eat ;)
Last day of vacay & instead of laying on the beach I'm on hold w since they decided to seat my husband, 2-year-old & I separately.
Dining at Seasonal, an Austrian & German cuisine fine dining restaurant on 58th street in Manhattan. Checking out the 7 course tasting menu.
must still have her old handle on foursquare
ttp://priscillagilman.com/2012/04/q-a-with-todd-drezner-director-of-the-autism-documentary-loving-lampposts-and-father-of-sam/
If Donald's scores aren't all 10s this go around can McCarthy throw the challenge flag?
": exactly"you missed your calling...you need to be a relationship coach!
I can't believe I haven't put you to sleep yet...I also can' t believe I'm flirting with a woman who doesn' t drink much!
awesome, lets do it!
Imma need to go get me some Reese's pieces
Dang just when I go to tweet stops RT :|
Congrats to all my fellow #GCU graduates, great ceremony yesterday!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Chernobyl Barbie ...glows in the dark
2am in Philly -- does MLB really think having a playoff game at this hour is good for the health of the game
Good mornig everyone! one ride ends and new is about to start! woot woot
this game is reggy as hell lol. Mostly for fun. Idk what I'm doing for summer but if it's Vegas I'm def down for some goofygames
I love seeing the shocked faces after Shawn solves a case!
Workin With !!! Come see us!!
ah its International Straight Edge Day, the opposite of 4/20 I'm hoping to get Edge gloves by then or a shirt
Rebel America Inc. lands music license deal for "CBS Sports" today. A very good start to another music working week.
#Brewers not on TV. Good way to ruin a day.
That akward moment when drops her purse walking to the bus.....
hey, your join link is broken on the website! and so is the donate button!
Watching a show with a cold case from 20-years-ago. Why is it hard to wrap my head around that that's 1990 and not in the 70s?
I'm about to go for the IV of coffee or tea at this point. :)
Bumping BIG K.R.I.T.and Kendrick Lamar....mellow out my thoughts and mood for the day
tomorrow or next week?
The best equipping is God's living presence, His hand which will never lets go of yours.
in the presence of the only known print of Robert Frank's C*cksucker Blues, barred from exhibition since the Sixties
Looks like we have all three options!RT : hdmi, component, or composite?
I know recruiting violations. But , I wish you nothing but the best on your birthday and all the success
there will be this weekend. Lots of protesters here already.
I didn't play soccer, yet I'm sweating.
Twas amazing. I was a police officer, hence your random sighting of me pulling out cuffs lol
Today must be christmas - is on the twitter machine!
#MyPastRelationships have sucked.. So I'm going to be single for a while :P
#mydog mixtape n motion need feature from musa and need u2 host
The county of Iceland is recovering nicely from their economic downturn because they were willing to let their banks fail.
And Beauty is her name... #Goddess - XavierLT.com
Bambi--the hunter killed Bambi's mother--just brutal for a 5 yr. old. Thought I was going there to see a happy rabbit, et al.:)
a really lonely production team
I wouldn't mind a summer romance. <U+E402>
And u can use instead of grape leaves 2 make dolmades! Delicious! How to prepare squash blossoms: stuff em and fry em!
dang. Can't wait to watch.
Lemme put my birth certificate up before I hit my aunty with the "I coulda sworn" lol I always say dat when I lose shit
YES!!! More pics:)
Talk the talk but can't walk the walk.
New info on the Licking Co triple shooting...coming up at 11
You won when you woke up. Think about it.
Never received it.
#ANightinHollywoodLive is only 40 days and 40 nights away. Official theme song coming soon!!
There is no such thing as no way out. Just ways you haven't seen yet. There is always a solution
to early cant wait for school to be over # tired
Big THANKS to City National Bank of NJ (900 Broad Street) for its support!!!
Thanks for replying! Looks like a great site. :) I do think folks will be more likely to explore if they can get a peek!
Really?!?! RT : The average company saves over $7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted!
HAPPY NEW YEARS from MIX!
I couldn't feel so I tried to touch.
Detroit's where the murder is at.
N need of a vacation...guess I start plannin to go to Disney world
Yup. Spotted: Robert Plant at the Austin airport
TY for sharing ur #vegetarianproblems. While it didn't occur at our business, we'll be mindful when we prepare our food
that's because the red line has been stuck at Belmont for 10+ minutes. I have your seat.
Nice! How do I get that designation?
I'm just waiting for that one tweet that says some real interesting, it has a link to a picture and then it's like YOU JUST GOT RICK ROLLED.
so jealous now!! Haha! How long are you staying? For the whole thing?! That would be sick!
All of you make me look really underdressed in this picture. Nice to meet you indi
ha ha how many hours do you have
What a happy day it is out there.
no I don't. I would just unfollow you back. Duh
what position you play
happy birthday.i cant wait either
wish you were here :) thanks
Yeeeesssssssss!!!!! Way to go rookie. Let's go
Enjoying the comments of at #FutureEnergy tonight!
Passport Mixer today at Roka Akor, 5:30-7:30, open to everyone today so bring a friend and get your networking on, cheers!
WTF #Fox and #NFL, why'd you rip us out of the end of the Tebow game?
#buffalo zoo today! Visit your local zoological park!
Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind... – Rom 12:2
Thanks! Will be a huge topic for all -- sooner or later we'll see a Mozilla-like indy ID entity. Or maybe Mozilla itself. ;)
No thankyou! Love you too but more!
is talking abt trusting our instincts. So true. We have to stand 4 the power of our gut & trust ourselves
Saw at the store tonight. Amazing how he gets through the aisles without his blades knocking anything over.
Be aware of the messages that you send. You will attract people that offer the same thing in return.
not sure if it's too late to join the scouts again. sometimes I feel I learned more about life there than I did in school.
Drama is stupid.
NEW MUSIC 6/15 EVERYBODY!!! What day did I say!? let's give the people what they want.
Do you know any experienced bartenders (w craft cocktails) or servers looking for a new J.O.B.?? is hiring!...
Sabotage and espionage......wont work buddy
faces and names sample t-shirt in production in Lima! Who makes your t-shirts?
Sad to hear about Junior Seau, is football now considered a deadly activity?
Thanks for the mention! We make a great effort to provide the best content.
wow #cnnfail. Who put the blogger on the air to talk about himself during an obituary? Dude, no one cares about what you. Get over yourself.
<U+FFFD>If you think you are in control, you<U+FFFD>re fooling yourself
hahaha #FailedMcDonaldsProducts The McSheen Burger. When you order it they always ask "Do you want Coke with that?"
* Had 3 beers last night at the bar. Wake up feeling like I went to Tyrone Bigham's $50,000 crack party.
"Mayor Adams worked tirelessly on this plan," says Leonard. "I don't think people realize how much work it takes to create a 'legacy'...
When can we stop acting and be something again ? ;)
Sounds like fun. :-)
And we totally miss you. :*(
RT It's started ?#+! that Siri Says - j.mp/mRxCdh
Last min!!! Comp tix avail 2day's 11am perf of Disney On Ice Mickey & Minnie @ Sports Arena. See me @ KFMB B4 the show!
Gotta feed the Bear!!!!
then wen say, "becoming famous" if he alredy is lol he's recognized by plenty artist lol
Envy would get you no where (:
How the heck did Jose not get to that ball?
Dating again at age 36 is insanity.
Yeah, I'm pretty much yours. Which is good because three minutes is my wheelhouse.
it will just be like minor withdrawals !“: just left me for an extended period of time. NO!!!! #StarburstPal”
Have an #EPIC Day!
That was in the top 3 nights of my life.. Cheers to the Millard West lax team!!
I have not been this happy since my daignose of #breastcancer. The end of treatments is in sight!!!! Sending all of you my HAPPY vibe() !
I'm actually not sure.. Still waiting for the phone call from Mrs. Vance
He is adorable!
Kris plays hard @ the PRU. As a man, I know love can be hard. Gotta keep your head up and push thru
This is so TRUE! I better start becoming more aware of this! Never confuse motion with action. --Benjamin Franklin
That's how u start Game 2! ITS TIME
Tweeters: Why do I have to see Justin Bieber's words when I don't follow him? people pay to get followed? hm...
Dare to inspire. :)
that one place in anthony with the bomb ass raspas>>
Let Eddie Take your Hair Too the Next Level, 404.454.1494 for your next appt
it was awesome. has the 11 year old seen any of the other movies leading up to 'the avengers'?
awe thanks and yes we shud!!!
Reconciliation of lean startup and b school strategy courses: lean = preserving optionality.
Omg you guys- not only did Thomas shower today but he combed his hair!! Come in and tell him how pretty he is!
Happy birthday you should head to omaha,ne :)
this guy.
Thanks a lot !
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have laws that protect the custody rights of our service members while they are serving our country.
Next you point a finger I might have to point it to the mirror
you better do it tomorrow at 9am lol
Nationwide trend? MT : Us too!! : Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds.
I agree. Gia is the star. We're just supporting roles.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it. Wharton, Edith
haha.... Swamy ji, do something that give her heart attack
You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
WE JUST MOMENTS AWAY FROM CRUNKMAS THURSDAY AT KLUSOZ!!! YEAH BABY!!!
“ Forget what's happened all season ! This is the game that matters ! #ChampionshipGame #BashBoyz”ballout fam
no dramaz someone won't talk to me!
@ the Library: so far today is uneventful. Erm, did I just jinx myself?
Hunter Pence hits a solo home run off Myers to win it for the Phillies. 4-3 in the 10th
we can change that last name to garcia lmao
Sun shine and Sam Adams
that's mean. I'm do fucking mad and annoyed. I'm going to my friend's house
I'm sorry to hear Kev, you gave her a good life in this world.
ATTENTION!!! EVERYONE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW MY FREIND she is such a good friend and she will follow back
I'm your only foursquare friend
Chef orta bout to cook some chicken and broccoli
Breaking news! Jamie Moyer becoms oldest player to blow a snot rocket on a major league mound!
I Can Do Brad All By Myself
Day two back in the gym..it feels good .. Kinda hurts my legs tho..no pain no gain
Wow, the new 2 has a ton of cool stuff built-in that I was messing around with by hand / plugin before! Sweet.
27th Church Anniversary ....
The Los Angeles May Day 'Queer Contingent' and the Politics of Inclusion - Huffington Post (blog)
Casey is leaving my Google Voice a VM in which he defends the parenting of Alec Baldwin. It's a translate experiment.
Just another way for the industry to make a whole bunch of money while slowly (or quickly) killing you in the process.
It would be Magical if you where mine bt i guess our paths wheren't destined to be together..
slept in this morning saw your tweet; praying for the families in china & plane that was hijacked
Max in bad mood this morning. We are at level orange people. :::crossing fingers::::
GoodNight My Future :)
hi culture friends! finally tweeting! took us long enough, we know...
Bye the way no one said happy Passover
Blazers WIN! Jamaal steps up in L.A.'s absence to lift Blazers over Warriors...Playoffs still a possibility?
thank you
it probably doesn't start until 9 or 10
really, really wish I was able to see talk about adaptive content at #ias12!
I wish my bank did that! WSB, you better take notice!
Mishel: In polls, 38% of people say that they or someone in their family lost wages or benefits in the last year
Great workout tonight after celebrating my wife's birthday
RON ARTEST ON PUNK'D NEXT TIME, OMFG. YES.
Beach tomorrow! Can't wait! ((:
That means more dollar bills in
Without #God we are nothing. Don't be #self #righteous. Those who #exalt themselves will be #humbled. Those who are #humble God will
Arlington wins! Go tigers!
This weekend was fantastic. Sad to see it end. Ready to tackle this work week! I'm getting excited to go to Denver. Very happy with life.
Doors are open, shoppers are shopping, is rocking. come join us until 5.
recorded a punk tour song last weekend... wondering if it should be a hidden track on the next album or an offshoot project
I don't understand why Republicans say they want less government, when they're trying to shove it between women and their rights.
We're sorry to hear that, Marissa. Please DM us your room number so we can fix that for you!
Something tells me the Indiana Pacers will gain a ton of fans across the country after watching them play today & the rest of this series...
That's not fair! Tell me! I won't freak, I promise! *Bretana*
My thoughts exactly!
Practice room 'til I die.
B: 4 point whatever million for Corey Hart. Like everyone said this past winter. What a bargin!!
oh shut up cam. Lol and this convo is over
thanks for the rt
I just sent a workshop/presenters request app to ! Looks like it will be an awesome event!
The phrase "I know a guy" always makes me uncomfortable...especially at 9:30 in the morning
ooh yay I love armchair psychology from people I've never actually met before!
Ha..i dont know what i would do without kid cudi & my bong
That's for sure. Heh. RT : You.
So my bro is dating a girl with my mothers name, Alexandra.... Is that weird?
Knock that pussy out , yeah that just a lil cat nap.
We'll have to try at least one of these out w/ you all in the next few months-- looks like we may be leaving CA for a while.
Prom expenses are about to absolutely rob me
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is wear black socks :3
Raise your hand if you're interested in Friday or Sunday classes! (afternoons or evenings)
was about to show my Oakland roots up in that bitch
feel better laurrrreenn!
Big time Mina.
Bitches b looking mad dumb trying to b cute with a lil ass jacket on just to show they butt...
ill bring you dinner
#Badgers 17, #Illini 7 at second TV timeout. Illinois 2 for 9 from the field.
iLOVE ASAP ROCKY ASS :)
“A boy’s best friend is his mother.” Norman Bates, Psycho (1960)
. is doing some DAY DRINKING AND SLEEP EATING. Not sure if it's BYOSBF. (Bring Your Own Sleeping Bag of Food)
lol u be coo if you had someone to snuggle wit
9:45. Sigh. "Plague of Doves" is calling me.
lol that would be so kool... but i would call catwoman,,,<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
There is evidence that the children of women who are obese when they get pregnant have lower cognitive function.
You ready for tomorrow night games
Absolutely, it is also good to see a woman that is so passionate about football....fantasy champ!
I'm not sure if you've seen the statuette or not, but you're just going to make a mess.
I completely agree. Love the new avatar pic, too!
it’s our Human talent.
If u aint say thanks an i told u happy mothers day i hope ur kid fuckn dies lol
Brunch was awesome! Then picked up some closeout books at Borders, a new squeeky toy and kibble for Ruby, and then groceries.
Just today. It's always the Thursday soup of the day. Stop by!
People roll their eyes and groan when they think they can't do it or are too lazy to do it.
Great online game for Revolutionary War- www.mission-us.org
Good just,my ex boyyfriend asked me out again!! :\
They have the worst cust service EVER!!! But i mean they wear that hot ass hat and smell like COW all day.
makes me feel bad :/ & that im the bad girl :'/
enjoyed a great day!
CHIROPRACTORS - stop by booth #707 at the FCA National Convention. $25 Chiropractic kit available for FREE. www.sombraUSA.com
BTW closed invite for my birthday if I've invited you.
3rd car registered in under a year and currently hold the mayorship of the DC DMV on #foursquare #personalFail :(
mom comes in my room staring at my clothes for 2 minutes, "something's moving in there." and tries to find it. aka,don't take ambion.
RT : Bishop Gene Robinson, NY Faith Leaders to Deliver 20K Petitions to MSNBC Demanding It Take Hate Group FRC Off the...
Gonna try to join in via iPhone during Caillou
I love it when you talk that shit
Happy Fiscal New Year 2012 to my Twitter Followers
Whos your tiger rt : #RedSox trade Jeff Larish to #Pirates for cash considerations.
Love this
you're a natural
Hi Dan, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Q4 I'd be interested in a more systems librarian-ish job, so I hope there's still a need!
"Money is like manure. It's not worth a thing unless it's spread about, encouraging young things to grow." (fuller dialogue quote from H.D.)
#chiheritage starts with talking about the problematic mess of funding cultural heritage
I love you Jill!
make a new friend haha
love Sharon!
Holly Cole; vocal chords of pure gold!! lp
you and Rob are lucky I am not putting it on Facebook!
Hope you're ok when the Heat fall 0-2 on Wednesday!! :)
Fan on high just coolin
I don't know where he went, of all days..
Preperations for the #D3launch tonight The end of days will begin.......
that was the worst experience of my life
Andre Miller is still very good! Glad to have him back!!
yes, but can you say it properly. That guy bugged me w/how he said ukelele. Very smart though.
and thanks homey. for always showing love...no matter what's going on.
Left on Vermont w/ Alexis Marceaux & the Samurai | $10 | Doors 8PM |
I woke up to Green fog this morning & thought "We're really getting into St Paddy's Day." Then I realized it's not green on purpose
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Mikey dude you are so fucking awesome and I want to be like you when I get older.
please let me know if you find out anything more! I will look too.
the Temptations performed live on Dancing With The Stars tonight!!! :) love you!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
See my days are cold without you, but I'm hurtin while I'm with you
No problem. That still sounds like a great presentation! Looking forward to it.
Happy Friday!
Needless to say, healthy food creates healthy people.
Why thank you, Charlie. Your tweets bring a smile to this mom's face every day!
Super positive vibes today, lets make some music
In honor of anniversary, predicting 12-0 win over Herald in softball game.
I made it myself! :D haha
We're hitting up Linda's in Citrus Heights this Thursday! We'll see if it's as good as Zelda's pizza or not.
WOOOOOOI!!!! Make it happen today!! I believe you can do it! God KNOWS you can. Just felt the urge to throw a fist pump your way. ArmorUp!
Talking local biz on #WXXI 1370 AM @ 830. This week, we eat a lotta leftover ham.
At long last, " Sir," have you no sense of decency?
Lawd have mercy!! Daddy is tired!!! :-( I needs me a nap!!!
Last rehearsal tonight before heading into studio Sat 4 demo CD with
and quite delicious! :)
Whats good wit you, how you been?
same ish, different day! whats up with you?
Ive heard young love three times today, its starten to get worn out. I cant listen anymoree
Ronny Turiaf starting at center for #Heat tonight... Love that move, Joel Anthony provides great energy of the bench
Live in such a way that those who know you but don't know God, will come to know God because they know you.
MT : I declare this "line cook appreciation week!" The backbone of the kitchen, not often given the credit deserved.
Louisville getting 4 to 5 shots per trip.
Sometimes you have to make that decision about what is worth fighting for and what isnt worth fixing**
we will. Almost done. What email should we send them to?
get some tea
#MUSICNEWS Robin Gibb woke from coma to sound of his music
u stream
if it's anything like Ninja Assassin, I know I will...
Girl in Campion is listening to generic Indian music really loud. You know? Sounds like DINKA DINKA DINKA DONG on repeat.
(looks around) um, really? MT Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
yeah he's my guy though so its ok
Smelling good round here...Tis the season for BBQing !
to #speak @ Dept. of Homeland Sec Sci & Tech Div on #humantrafficking. DM us for info to bring Mike to your #conference #event !
So omw to work n a deer jump out n cross the road in broad daylight my sister said I thought tht was a dog
Yep. Not on all planes yet. It's $5 but free if you're a Rapid Rewards A-List member
*suggestions*... Interludes. Dance in the dark. More speeches. That is all.
i have to get a whooping cough shot tomorrow ):
#AVC2011 Having a blast - waiting for LTR manual rollout session!
He said ur mama pussy so hairy, you came out with rug burn ha
No grudge is worth holding onto esp since no minute is guaranteed!
What's that next to our name?! Looks like a registered trademark! ;)
thanks for the retweet yesterday
Awesome job uk.(: now come on murray.!
Thinking about the best online file storage solution. Has to be DROPBOX.. tried google, and others. DROPBOX is KING!
Maybe its the feeling; maybe its the freedom.<3
i crush em like a camel
we haven't seen you in the chatroom for a long time now
Well, "Fish are friends, NOT food!" :) Mom gets annoyed when the boys and I walk around singing "Just keep swimming.." ;) lol
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Summers over!:(...
I've never been the serious type... I'm definitely a fool at times.. Lol
Yippee, the insomnia fairy visited tonite. Apparently swimming 3200 yds did not help :/
Happy days are here again.
Nearly 600 Twitter followers! Pass along to your friends to share all the best in chic, budget friendly decor!
Somehow we get another mention of Justin Bieber.
yea!! RT : Now following
is this real?
I got 370,025 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run!
are you interested in co-writes?
haha while "air heart" would be appropriate. I kind of doubt she was the first person to break cloud cover :-p
is it possible to trade this Ghost Recon: FS 360 key I just earned for a PS3 one?
Wade is gonna shut EVERYONE up.
Let me find out
Just do it _Nike :D Hitting the bed .
“Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.”
not sure. I had it written down but I can't find the paper anymore. It's really nice an cheap tho.
Hope Dudes from Hugo stretched their Hammies they are getting a workout
Up and at it, Louisville bound! 4 games today , can't wait to see the boys!
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
How I wish I was on EST for #MadMen premiere tonight. Guess I can wait another 2 hours after 1.5 yrs
i remember as a kid getting our hockey sticks and pucks at 'western auto'. these things were precious to us as we paid our own way.
I aint tryna be all that...
1 more thing bout trolling initially thought you were just looking for blog post. Couldn't tell if you authentically cared
Let's go Kansas!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Omg... My fat ass chipmunk cheeks keep ending my calls with my twin!! NOT COOL!!!
u always had my attention.. You are an awesome girl and never change for someone....
Cause I'm not in the mood to argue with nobody
oh honey...you know my world is yours...ALWAYS
Super Tuesday? Its Super Wednesday #iPad3 !
Can't wait to beat them at home.
yeah. No lie. Im sorry. :( I didn't forget about you. Just been super busy.
so embarrassing. The Red Sox are allergic to playing consistently good baseball. .500 or worse this yr.
"you've got to stay on your hustle until it's done." indeed!
You are too kind, thank you! Glad to hear you found #TRMA585 a valuable learning experience, Rebecca :)
Skipping to first lunch to be with my girlfriend(:
RT : Be mindful of what u toss away, be careful of what u push away, and think hard before u walk away
/ffweekend,missing big Pix on 99 wks.ext. look at who gets all 99 and who don't get all, why is this, Bias/Raisest or ???
I followed!
Well, I see Scott Walker's questionable ethics is racking up the bill for Milwaukee County tax payers. Again.
I'm bout to vote right now cuz!!!
930 in the AM for our arrival. Will have beer and a cheerful disposition.
I was performing on stage & enhancing my home voice over studio. I got rid of my old Android & didn't have a way to tweet
Hey thanks for the follow!
Bay City Storm
“: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...”
Thank you for the RT and support of !
And the next mans bitch runs the third man...
Just read over my past dozen or so tweets. Jesus , how have you people not unfollowed me yet? No skills.
Percussive repercussion syncopating Shabazz Palaces. Check out from our Puget Sounds collection. Ask for "CD PSM 185" @ the Media Center.
That is by far the wackiest shit I have heard all day. What in the fuck is that all about? And how is it dark?
sweet heart if anyone's ugly it's me not u
whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha! They fit!
So you can marry your cousin in NC, but not your gay cousin?
"*actually* didn't feel it" as opposed to those times where I "*almost* didn't feel it", but actually did.
Lemme know how that is! Its been in my Netflix queue for months!!
I really want to get pair of rollerkates, old school, four wheels with a skate key, Punky Brewster Style.
What value does a cd even have these days?
I don't think I'd know how to act if I had a girl to tell me something like that. Guess it's always nice to dream, hope and wish:(
Her name is Suzzane Noblett. I figure if I am going to suck at golf, atleast I can look good doing it. I'm a thinker!
Thank you for the mentions today!
Jkjkjkjk I'm not single!!! :) a big misunderstanding hehe wow big word in a way!! :)
#FF Fabulous partners:
did u tweet that wit an attitude? Lol
Good morning all! What's on your playlist today?
Is atheism the newest addition to the American religious landscape. Courtney bender on the significance of the prayer upsurge for
Peet's Coffee. There is a location in West Hollywood.
Congratulations! A house for the family :-)
great seeing you tonight!
J. Hilton estimates first year of realtime operation=$15million.
Gotta go shopping. #desperate for clothes! D;
Morning!! :)) Today you should have a Apricot.
this doesn't surprise me about hockey at all. Have heard many stories about racist shit hockey fans shout at black players.
Shoutout to anybody getting hyphy with me today and tomorrow
I want more vera!
Thanks for the heads up. Fixed.
Would those 3 be pitching for the Sox?
on slickdeals,front page....not sure which to choose between 2 or 3
Only But I would love to reach out to more. Could you help me?
The new episode of doctor who was epic!
So help me god if I'm getting sick.
lolol, i knew you would get it.
Trying to learn Hebrew didn't realize just how deep the language is with the meanings
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you in-large their AVI and BAM! Ugly as sh*t
Hrmm...you haven't been here lately. Just want to say hi, dearest.
Ah dang! Sorry to hear you can't make it.
The Bow Wow Club speaks to the Trayvon Martin situation and how the tragedy ripples out to their relatives and circle of friends. RIP
Applied Game Theory and Social Incentives for upcoming Smart and Social Grid 2.0 (DR 2.0 and Efficiency): coming soon an Intelen pilot study
as long as there aren't any Turkish bath houses
I'm hoping for the best, too, with this 3D. But I've been disappointed with 3D so much I'm preceding with caution.
can you post some imagines?
Nothing but chillin with the family today
Hey, do you have an address for hard-copy submissions?
Listening to the great Joe Lovano wail with the Westchester Jazz Orchestra. Great stuff
Kelly ( ) and I are presenting at 4pm on Sunday about Passive Programming for teens.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the re-post, guys!
somebody tell Lebron to wake up, it is OK to be Great in great Moments...
Just noticed that I have a lot of pictures of my feet
Somebody that I used to know....
This says that in AZ charter schools are “public school[s] established by contract w/ a district governing board...
What's that at the bottom of the pool...
Interesting! There's version comparison capability and review/collaboration tools built into Sibelius First 7.
your son won't stop talking about a poopbutt.
The roof's on fire!
"Rollie Pollie Ollie" and "Bear in the Big Blue House" is what I'm watching on Youtube. I loved those shows so much! :D
Choosing between #TeenHoot or Valentines concert SO HARD lol
RT : There's a great deal going on around the world. Are you keeping up?
Hi Sarah! Glad you found the article helpful. Let us know how your branding efforts go - Best of luck!
done almost ran smooth over Fred this morning.
baby isn't giving up any of her secrets. If I had my way I would vote for May 1st.
Worked for me too.
Enjoying some subway ice cream!
oh yeah!!!
Word we should use more often : sleazy.
“ "A discouraged believer is a most unnecessary thing" Bill Johnson”
Just ate 1000 cookies. They were so little
Thanks to our new followers:
I want to go to a hockey game
Ask us about fund raising for your children's school, little league, Church. We would love to help and give back to the community
I miss my family soo much. I wish I could be there for you guys.
That has been my motto since I saw the film in '91.
Oh wait just a minute... Some people "check in" their real identity to locations that actually exist? For free?
even Jeremy seemed a lil dissapointed in her.
RT : Always, always follow your instinct. It was how I composed. I know it works!
I had the exact same reaction when I heard the news about Cheney. :-/
who Told you that lie me and can dismiss ppl
Thank you for sharing about my company's QA job openings for CF Devs!
I haven't been this happy in over a year, and it just keeps getting better and better<3
Where's MTV for this episode?
Finished Season 3 of Dexter. Last episode was definitely unexpected.
Hopefully I get called in tomorrow. My money making week.
world wide web search resulted in my feeling like a goober for not having known about that piece.
Damnn I missed it !
Thanks! It's kinda crazy after so long. Unrelated question: Do you do SM as part of your job?
Here's a fun question: anybody want to drive me to the E.R.?
Edgar Allen Poe, the poet. Poe is mascot
aye bro
Happy Mother's Day! :)
every time i think of you i burst into tears...IMISSU
thanks a lot:)
Don't hate, he deserves nice party since this has been so tough on him so far! ha ha
Looking for a toy or toys for your infant or toddler? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : Never expect support from someone you've never supported.
revolution # 3 - the social networking revolution.
"You are the antidote that gets me by, something strong like a drug that gets me hiiighhh."
Waiting for Knight n Day impatiently!!!!
yes, please!
Two outs. Top 6. King 2, Churchill 2. King allows second (for now) unearned run on hit, errant pickoff and two ground outs.
Thank you for your brilliant, intuitive, and inspiring writing as I am learning so much from you!
How is it that I lose so much hair yet I STILL have such thick hair?!
Thanks for the RT!
New Bike Night feature, starts next week – Show us your Foursquare or Facebook Places check in, get an extra raffle ticket!
Finally saw the Harry Potter movie. I thought it deviated too much from the book, but was entertaining nonetheless. What are your thoughts?
you too'
Ty Stewart expressing optimism for poker #WSOP conference call
im going too screw this up. i already know... wrong decisions.
any word of when this is expected to be built/unveiled?
be sure to invite them back!
Been many times & don't remember seeing the term "hand-ripped noodles." As a good a reason as any to go back.
LMFAOO i miss You !!
but ll look like a clown xD
RT 2 more days until ATEC Scholarship apps are due. Use your spring break reprieve to work on an app, #EMAC students!
Do you need a "lift"?! We are #casting for a #beverlyhills #plasticsurgery show all about INJECTIONS! Men & Women who want to look younger!
. Seems it would be better to have something specific to ask to be sponsored for.
rt - "Do you think believes drugs should be legalized? " Drugs Shouldn't ! Bud is not a drug!! RT if agree
Thanks Ali!
bipolar disorder ?? Lol that pretty serious
forgot my pad - the gym won't be the same:(
ANYTHING under the stars at Otto is classic! I also liked the Dating Game and Fear Factor...
LOVE IT. LOVE IT!!!
So what will be the #USWNT away kit?
Not gonna lie...kinda emotional right now.
u r funny
Can you please tell me my future?
I hate when they're right
Rest in peace #AnthonyShadid, poetic journalist and witness. I picked up "Nights Draw Near" weeks ago. Will read in a different light now.
I played a couple of pieces last Sunday on my radio program (Sundays, 8 - 10PM, 90.5 FM)
she has a protected feed.
Follow Hes So Funny And Nice #KendallFollowRobert :)
Pints of Blue Bell Ice Cream are on sale. I need to avoid Publix...
Perhaps a misunderstanding. Dress sizes vary; choose a different type of goal.
thats not making me feel any better about myself.
Don't forget to check into #flacon2012 on FourSquare! Is it right that is the Mayor?
Heading to the #StateoftheDistrict - which should be called #StateoftheState ;)
Ron Paul to suspend campaign, in other news, the sky is blue.
Stealth train headed in my direction. Woo!
Going to bar 4. Come see our full band show at 10pm!
There's no hope for us.
May GOD BLESS Her Soul, Abhishek Bhai. GOD BLESS.
: Martina wasn't here, just her little cutie! And she is super adorable! Reminds me of the doll I nanny!
haha yes! Ready to crush this final?
I could sworn it was like 7:35 five mins ago!!!! Wtf happened man..day goin by way to fast O_o
or how many times you shit
That moment you realize you're crazy as fuck.
thank you!! And what's that? Lol
I like to play this game where I take 4 Xanax and try to finish masturbating. I win 78 percent of the time.
When I party.. I party hard. If you're going to do something, do it well.
Bring me food someone?
No #RedRyder as of yet, but I think I see something back there in the corner...
ok I'm off this weekend so let me know what your schedule looks like.
it's the style
When guys whistle at you and call you mamasita
NO, JIMMY PROTESTED!!
Black ppl will still support POTUS b/c we understand the political & racial implications of him not getting a 2nd term.
I just bought a print from Brandon Bird and told him how awesome he is.
Dead ass
HOTTN video is outstanding ! I think I broke the replay button! Lol! Please RT? Love ya (;
that wouldn't be a bad idea
Then follow that up by standing in a second pose for an additional five minutes as you power up your beam attack.
YEAH GIRL, write that future memory! I love it! Such an amazing practice for everyone to do.
So when you're lost and you're tired. When you're broken in two. Let my love take you higher. 'Cuz I, I still turn to you. <U+2665>
that is because you didn't wait until the crowd left- I'll give you one ;-) Tell me size and style - I love longtime fans!
like, how do you just throw your 16 year old son out of the house because he's gay. wtf.
Oh my god. When I searched "My Suicide" on Netflix, "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic" was the first result.
Whatever you do: don't imagine Yoda's voice when you read Gerard Manley Hopkins. You can't unhear that. Ever.
All kids deserve a high quality education...
Now give me money so I can lie to you.
Off to work I go .. todays gonna be a great day
A baby died here in Washington recently of whopping cough -- have to wonder if anti-vaxers helped that happen.
you suck
Yeah, not much unfortunately...good luck!
Gettin sentenced for man slaughter isn't bad....(: only on Lifetime!
Let he who is without Sin cast the first Stone...
Behind the Paywall at Glenn Beck&#39;s Confounding Web TV Network
Who wrote those "co-sign" lyrics for #SWV. That messed up an otherwise good sounding song!
These storms are crazy, time to get in a bed with the fan on :) bur
Thanks for the spreading the word about #socialanxiety support.
Well, my footlong Pizza Sub could not have had less pepperoni on it, and the napkins they gave me smell like burning plastic.
so glad you're here! Now it's a PARTY!!
Love park n ride... #pittsburgh would be a better place if there were more parking/riding & less driving!
I miss the farmer's market at
Padme looks stunning
. it's design for learning that's the key. I agree that online+offline maximizes design options/opportunities.
Last night I went to the best show I have been to in a while - The Rapture at
Can't wait for
Productive evening, lots of emails written and answered, Have a evening, back at it again tomorrow. Good night all!
HE JUST CALLED US 12 YEAR OLD GIRLS.
Currently 8+ helicopters hovering over dtla right now
Oh, shit. RT : New special: Meatball Sub--only $2.49/$3.49, baked meatball, marinara and provolone on a soft sub roll-delicioso!
Those people exist?
Are you willing to starve rather than quit? If so, then success is all but guaranteed for you. 100% commitment is all you really need.
Me too. Well looks like were under a Tornado Watch, but from how I'm seeing it on the Radar the heavy stuff is heading-
sounds good you won't be disappointed, yummmmie
#nba maybe the fans should show their outrage with all this high price jerseys and tickets sales the fans should hold their own lockout
the song lyrics with the hashtag #LiveMyLife !!! (the song!!!
Should have stayed in bed and slept all day.
Damn you really don't realize that you do the things that you make fun of other people for doing.
Well done Kevin! Whatever part you end up in you will have a blast!
Follow these folks to save some money!
Correction: has ZERO respect for teachers....unless they are willing to work for next to nothing.
Skins draft QB in 4th round? Is Shanahan crazy? How about some blockers or some defensive players or even a RB? Man!!
Read my book, meditated, and now snuggled up in bed. Time for sleep, re-applying at my old job in the morning! Let's hope I get my job back!
can't wait for Harper and Mason <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Silva/Sonnen July 7 in Vegas, r u going?
>> Apple innovation has peaked...haha.
Girls hoops: Heritage Christian leads Barneveld 28-18 at half.
Pour one out for our homie MCA. The R in A+R is proudly wearing her Beastie's t-shirt in memory of 1 of the greatest acts, & her 1st concert
merry me bo0
i follow you
Editing lecture audio. Yawn.
for you true jazz heads...you have to check out 's album Day One...wow!!!
Yes, the entire reason I moved to NYC was because of how bad the Padres were ;-)
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Carries $1.8 Million Price
Oh mayor they're not there any more! :( RT : Try Newark Art Supply : somewhere my students can buy school supplies.
I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin Cause i'm a pidgin
I don't want to close my eyes i dont want to fall asleep cause I'd miss you, babe And I don't want to miss a thing
Thanks! <3 #2000late RT : Thanks to my Microsoft Paint skills, now has a new & improved profile picture & wallpaper!
Why the fuck is there snow -.-
thank you for the follow
you guys are awesome. I don't say it enough, bit THANK YOU both for all you have done for me and
You guys. Me and held hands. *giggles*
Responsive design is like a religion for front-end developers; users don't care, says
I'm so excited that is showing The Band's Visit!
New years tonight ? Gonna be a kick ass night !
Been getting involved more and more in school. Taking a PHP class now :3
so sore from sober softball!
haha ok. I will :)
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. ~ E.E. Cummings
RT if you are at !
haven't been on this for a cool minute .
how many jobs is this creating?
I miss listening to MCR. Gonna do that all day today.
too late to let anyone know. But thanks for the heads up.
awesome! Glad to hear stars are lining right
omg I don't even remember it was a while ago
Hurricane Irene ! Im ready . . . .
It is only when they use CST that they realize the #communications inadequacies and gaps that exist
Headin to Charleston for the last meal of the vacation. South Carolina seafood. Wouldnt prefer it anywhere else! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
Tonight on we're joined by Travis Tuttle, and Verona baseball coach Brad D'Orazio. Starts at 7pm.
are the top 15 BFD bands gonna be announced on soundcheck tonight?
#Rager txt me if you're interested
I know as #Patriots fans, we're a bit sensitive now, but "butterfinger" stunt in Boston and others like it are pretty tacky
Bitches Tryna Shoot Meet With Potatoes..!
You make a good case- might have to go with too close to call.
The stupidity that is displayed in the comment section on ESPN website is UNMATCHED!!
smile...sparkle...shine!
There should be a rapist who rapes people who rape people, to teach em a lesson.
What is it like to feel healthy, rested and energetic? I can't recall.
so effin cute!
Is a sweetheart (:
Got my pay roll from work and its all gone know bills suck lol
Afternoon off. Abandoned errands and opted for for the pool since it's not packed and sun is shining. Hope the sun is here to stay finally!
Why thank you my dear.
I want a new apartment that I can decorate and spend all my money on!
I'm ready to just jump off the tobin
Life becomes a whole lot easier when you look at all of the positives. Words can't express how excited I am for to be at Metro.
possible, probable, maybe. Depends on where you do your drinking.
Lol you need to hush! I jus been kinda busy thats all :)
RT : A #Sagittarius loves to flirt in a subtle manner in public places.
Next Show this tuesday 5/2 at 8pm! .love.
For fans of The Office fans... We thought you would like this- Pim and Jam
Lin's Bin on tackles #linsanity! BRILLIANT!
Hi ALL did you have a chance to check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
it's were u check are tweets and we put out a contest from each group member....we put out hints to help with the answer but......
Passion can hurt when it is difficult to achieve
A band on #SharkTank ? What happens if one of the members takes up heroin?
Lmfao okay! then i have to remind myself to get money for ana's mountain dew! :P btw i think i only passed science sol. :P
Oops! You caught me laughing at my own jokes. How embarrassing. LOL!
It's a red ale and it's darker than Spotted Cow. I go for it occasionally.
My 4 year old son always calls him "The Credible Hulk". All attempts thus far to explain have failed.
omg i did to! and we have art next
My dad goes running at 9... As long as I get to see 's performance. Then will I go!(x
Last game of , the season today . ( :
I want to win the contest from &
Can you guess which state has the lowest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...SD! (from small business & entrepreneurship council)
what's on agenda for the day in Richmond
TOLD THE WIFE WE'RE GONNA DO SOME ROLE PLAYIN TONIGHT @ CASA FIERE: IM A SLAB OF BILL'S DRY AGED PORK RIBS, SHE'S STILL USELESS
Yay, I dreamed about programming all night.
No BYOB restaurants in Des Moines?
I know what I'm getting though:)
A Haiku: Sleep you elude me. You are my best frenemy. My Regina George.
I just had a chicken club sandwich and it was awful. Are the only good things available on your dollar menu?
Waaahhhhh I meant 6001st I suck butt
Brooks Conrad is older than me.
Hair long, ass fat,shawty mean.
thanks for your support... always
lmfao it's like, Nah it's cool I lost my penis, but I still want pubic hair! Wtffff like anyone's gonna go down there anymore
They keep calling me Jenna
Always be in an environment where people trust you.
Hold UP! HOLD UP! HOLD UP!
My thoughts exactly
Not only Sexy Sexy Sexy, shes one of the coolest ladies on twitter, follow her get promos, follow back and New Followers.
Morning all! Today we should all Get Up & Go Harder and also HU$TLE HARDER.
Superhero Hype has confirmed said sequence's appearance at the end of the credits of The Avengers that people overseas didnt get to see
Hi there!
ya I choked the first one down!
#RonPaul gingerly bows out
I remember when I was younger i used to say 'hurted' a lot. xD
fair enough, and I certainly would let any of my ducks drive my Benz if they ever won me a national championship.
I completely agree.
in a month or two! B Ready!
Big day today today. Target, maybe Idea...
Haha! Just ignore me! Some total shockers right in the beginning...
Sounds good! =)
Whatever works for you. Just hang in there.
“: #Mavs giving away 20,000 'All-In' tshirts for game 3. (no , I will not grab u one)” hahaha fish takin jabs at LO
Aw :) You'll be back.
On Google+ aim for on-topic/off-topic ratio of 80/20 says
Wow! Its almost 5am. This is what happens when take nyquil and you nap all day. Gnight(mornin) folks!
dang... and he might buy you one??
That's right. 6-8K here.
Packing for the IUG conference in Anaheim. Not sure I'll ever be ready.
Getting ready for band rehearsal... so much fun.
I love those things in the Trading Shadows audiobook! Its so raw & real and they're the bg sounds to your everyday life. :)
I was in Napa for several days. Did I miss anything?
Yes, please, and thank you. Dare Iz A Dark Side stays in heavy rotation. “: Can we get some new Redman?”
it was so cold in SB last night I had to break out a blanket to go on top of my sleeping bag.
hey man I am not far behind you. Talk is I will have a embedded defibrillator in my chest soon.
You are a grown man. Stop playing with your silverware
I get what he's saying and he does have good points. Too lazy to write a response though lol
Sure followed,follow back? :)
#wronglyconvicted & another day wasted in prison :( Think.n of you W.chadevanswronglyconvicted.org
I'm just about to attempt my formula in Excel - I don't have high expectations ;)
#fact. u shd c our building! decided 2 fightback & leave his bicycle outside
the one thing you haven't broken are my friends. that's why I have the strength to get through this:) #therapy:)
Yeah, shame, way too young. All good here, how are you keeping?
Yes it is! And you are really good! Are you signed?
prayers for my family please.
#happythanksgiving you filthy animals....
This always happens to me when i at a friends house. Me:" Omg I <3 this song so much!"My Friends:"How is this good?"Me:"It gets better!"
What's racecar spelled backwards? ;)
finally gave the dog a bath!
My previous search, I should say. From whose results I am clicking on "new search." Adds, like, whole seconds to my searches.
RePEc is an example for an Open Library, loosely defined w OSS principles.
appreciate it brotha.. Good luck with ur 2nd feature.
Have you ever worked with people who are extremely annoying? Makes you want to scream!
on live now with Jennifer Griffin & husband Greg Myre about their book "This Burning Land" with www.radiokolamerica.com
#LetsBeBlunt I hate ugly websites!
Where the hell is that?
Have everyone laughing at you
with there consistently good output, most definitely. I can't think of another company that is that consistent with their talent.
Just finished mastering 2 new songs for Rickie Fox. Let's render some video files from NTSC to PAL now... how fun is that?
It is safe to assume that you cannot assume anything when it comes to airline travel!
Junk food, movies and the couch al day
Hey retailers: ever think of "unlocking" a special if you get enough RT's? great idea from Twitter's
I bet you were speeding out of Charm City after that loss.
Thank you all for coming to last night! Check out #chrispierce next thursday singing the sounds of the 60s!
Student from a virtual Georgia charter school
Bears finally starting to turn it on. Come on, Bears!
Hi EVERYBODY...it's the WEEK-END !! YAyyyy.. show someBody some LOVE & BE SAFE...LAUGH a LOT LOT LOT...N Give YOUR NEIGHBOR A HUG :-))))))))
Its finally sunny again in Baltimore!
have fun!!
how r u
unbelievably awesome.
You feed it once and now it stays.
Damn you Shonn Greene!!!! Score a TD! I'm losing here asshole!
im in kansas and ts FREEZING today its sposed to be 20 degrees f
How to back up iphone?
Remember, if you are in the #Boston area, visit #NNRC in the exhibit hall at the show. Ends Oct 15.
I'd seduce him no doubt
tatas , chichi's , tits , boobs, breasts, fun bags
Would you work for a company that makes you sign into your facebook on a job interview?
Agreed, Amsterdam is an overlooked gem. Music blows away the lyric though. Wish DLR was the co-writer. Great TMS Saturday!
watever u do dont fall u could die
when we registered tho biopharm wasn't even offered for everybody
#10thingsihateaboutyou: You tell me you miss me, but won't make the effort to see me.
the dude from bad boy who became a priest or somethin .. He could rap well tho
is on timeline now, oh boy!
too funny!
yep! Were a new atlanta group were now starting mi names Taqwila they call me qwilz lol.
Now things get inter'sting.
yes miss
I've been tryin to hang with him for like two weeks! Tonight may be our night
“: Husband is 30 pages from end of SPELL BOUND. His verdict: "This is REALLY good, but there is WAY too much kissing." Me next!
Ok then I need to decide between that and an iPad... which do you think?
Closed LONG $EURUSD for -26 pips loss; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
Horan the world?! CURLS! Hahaha had to say that(:
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Happy Hour bound wit the Ladies!!!
When you're at McNally's tonight at 9:30 for vs make sure you get yourself a sweet CoMo Cauldron scarf!
lol yea yea
Cool! Are you in Gastown? Should be down there Friday afternoon.
when r u gonna do another live chat?
I am going to just bring a purse with paper, a pencil, and Gone with the wind for now on. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C>
tonight will probably require bro'ing out.
I'm curious about the circumstances of his being the father of Leonard Cohen's grandkid.
I'm dating Niall. He just pretends he doesn't know me cos he doesn't want me to get hate. Such a sweet boy :')
We should have a support group.
Sometimes, entrepreneurs have to do it all, especially for a start up like Pay Per Visit Email. Today is my day to pay the bills..
I missed something: you weren't in Nashville all this time were you? I was tired after two days out. Welcome home!
NY Shump goes down bad looking knee injury too. Damn 2 down?! So painful seeing it
Make the best of your workouts... Try Flo Fusion Fitness.. If you don't like it you get your money back no questions asked...
It feels like feathery dust everywhere.
Besides the greed why the fuck do gop have no damn desire for clean energy? They always want to drill.
yeah thats how the mind of some men work
its all over the news. Waiting to hear from the president
Yo I got 200 now y'all should be telling me good job or somethin lol
Ryan dunn died
After watching my 9 year old play Midnight Club, I've decided she won't get a driver's license until she's 30.
Speaking of bed. Let me get going. Need some rest. <U+263A>
What's that, Sean Bean? Over the hills and far away?
I love those people who just make my day <3
Can't wait to hear about it! RT : thanks for honoring us with largest next/Alinea menu to date!
Going to Barnes and nobles to pick up my 50 shades trilogy &&&& the other book I ordered ;)
I just read the quotes on the tumblr and decided that would be good enough.
“: Good luck to this weekend in her track meet at Michigan!! Proud of you!! #GoBobcats” thanks!!
to ice the game. DUH
Just made a chocolate cream pie for dinner party tomorrow. Trying to entertain more, but can only fit six people at a time at the table.
Why is 7-11 coffee so . . . something!
Tonight's #NewYork sports exceeding available screens. #Capitals #NYR #Knicks #Heat #Mets #Astros #Yankees #Orioles. What u watching?
Another #random tweet... I just saw a pic of at the #kentuckyderby & I'm loving her hat! #awesomeness <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
BF and I got a 2011 Crown Vic rental at SFO a few weeks back. I swear you couldn't tell it was made this decade.
WEAK that their lawyers made you pull it down.
Now you just acting retarded.
yes, I agree! Best of luck! You're going to make a profound positive impact on students no matter where you end up!
could quite happily spend the rest of the day in the bath.
did you fall off the twitter wagon? Hardly see you tweet anymore.
Great 79-76 OT win over Cincy by Marq! Mr. and Sir Lazar Hayward (what, no twitter?) were huge & DJ-O, too. WE ARE MARQUETTE!
You could fill a room With all the hearts you stole
Sunny >>> Rainy
never too old for children's books :)
and shoutout to you for following back sir.
See #Thethingis you will always play girls.
you're welcome. Hope you had a great day!
"Good" music should have real emotional content at ALL times,if not it is worthless noise
Gun's and Rose's!!
RT if you're still awake (:
was just filling in :)
damn straight! Celebrating championships n holeshots!
dee gordon just homered....ok pujols now it's just getting even more hilarious
Damn right. I frigging hilarious. RT : your pal is a joke. not reading ur posts for next 90 days. u suck
“The First WE WILL STOP giving our valuable attention to idiots!” Just started to listen… and i already like it
Another day, another video. Off to for next week's entertainment shoot!
Hobbies: Use vintage embroidered fabric scraps for embellishments
awesome music project we should chat! My app is very different now but I have an 'ear' in that direction!
No matter how great your idea ... does it scale? Beth Comstock,
What is everyone doing for the Oscars today? Big deal? No big deal? Just an excuse to gather and drink while it's on in the background?
Yup Didn't make the team Looks like no baseball for me this year.....
Wild just fired doug riseborough
I don't really like Ohio State, but it is always a good day when #Duke gets run out of an arena.
$1000 for the jeans Do the money walk
You guys did a great job w/ #GRC11, really looking forward to #PAC11!
Hey Darlin'! Gonna send my pics in. Mine's raging right now. Yeee-haw!
RT : vetoes bill from directing Va. Edu Board to develop phys ed plan for schools.
yay! And I cant do anything , like stay the entire day in my house -_-
Guy at Lowe's: "50 ten-foot PVC pipes? What are you building?" Me: "A human wall."
I love The man is a genius. I really want him to direct my film.
I couldnt imagine anything without you
Sometimes bad grammar is on purpose so as to be cute, right? Right...? RT im new to it so i dont have no friends on it yet :(
Thanks dude :) Have a fantastic Thursday!
Thinks she's narrowed in on a sandwich idea for Malcolm's birthday picnick. This one's going to be good!
has FREE Sunday concerts 1-4. After the show, stop by Anthony’s for your favorite seafood dinner. See you there!
hahaha. now go scoop the poop.
Only 2 hours until the Christmas Tree Lighting! So pumped!
“: If Paul McCartney songs "hello goodbye" I will LOSE it.. Love that song!” I love that you love that! And Adele! I respect you!
Yovani = still ace of staff..
Shoot Out to all my new Followers... Just Mention me if you want me to FollBack.. (^^)
twitter is not the place sir
Tomorrow I get my general exam on info during disasters; y is it also a day of protest on the internet & a snow storm in Seattle?
#RAYJ gonna pull a drive by on fab LOL R&B THUG
sent you a DM. Please let us know if you have any questions!
Well then get to wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!!!
I am, I am. This is just so boring!
Saturday Night PARTY! VEGAS STYLE!! HOTTEST AND YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN!! Contact me for FREE limo service...
StartupLive: 9 months of gestation. One month of life today - Happy Birthday, baby.
I think Mark Mcquire is genuinely sorry for the steroid thing.....He's a good man.....God Bless him........lets move to another story
Sign up and Listen Live www.iBand.me
Plus, if you went to the Caps game with me you could dress up in RED. With your skin tone you would look so hottie tottie!
May be wearing my tattered Edmonton Oiler touque thus winter with extra pride - #1 team in the NHL right now!
Have the courage to believe. No matter what the circumstances dictate; have the courage to believe what God has spoken is coming to pass. RM
Why do I connect Football with food? If my doctor knew what I plan on eating tomorrow he would slap me.
mwah im so excited baby girl :*
Just biked up the bel air 'pyranees' in homage to Contador's performance today.
do your homework
Unlock your potential by letting go of the past. Go to www.industrydeal.com today to get a sweet deal on my Opening to Love Program.
Thanks for featuring DealAngel in your blog post! I am very happy you liked it!
It was obvious that Kevin Spacey was Kaiser Soze RT : Ketchum Hunger Games fans... can we discuss? What did we all think?!
Interest Rates Are At a all Time Low, Now is a Great Time To Refinance or Buy a Home. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
"Music, true music, not just rock and roll... it chooses you."
No worries. We enjoyed the Jailhouse.
Why do guys call girls "females"? Like honestly just call me a girl...
Just Do It! Make a $5 donation to the Japanese relief effort and Living Social will match your donation....
mother, I can tell what you've been thinking
Alright, enough messing around..Time to chalk up, tape up and get this workout done! Adapt or DIE
you were jealous of his originality. Admit it.
i'm drinking a MILDLY caffeinated tea right now - shit, i'm already cheating!
So proud of my lady and her first launch party of her company.
Aww that's sad, we liked her, but she wasn't a necessity to the show I think.
Hugh Jackman and Neil Patrick Harris in a song battle over who can host the Tony's better? --- God, I <3 Broadway :D
Oh Yeah! Love pix of cum seeping out of holes; live RT even better!
watching never say never on Netflix
Maybe Colton and Matt could tag team! Lol!
and can you some how get Louis to follow me I love him but he doesn't notice me I know he has other fans but he is my love!!!!
": Just saw a preview for teenwolf!!! Omg omg omg omg...." you totally just fangirled over Teen Wolf. Forever loving you.
ah yes, the moss curtain
drake is sexy !
Go Giants- have a great Sunday Funday! :)
where at again?
#blend12 workshops are free! No registration needed!
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while their hands are in your mouth..
God is faithful, God is always there for us, but we need to accept Him and follow Him and keep Him first.
Hm. Well, it's not important. We have a new site and it is good.
WITH BRITNEY MURPHY,WE BLOWIN HERSHEY
One thing is sure: There is no one like #Messi in the modern game. He stands above all the rest at this moment.
New Hair Mag at UpDoZ.com Looking for Stylist Submissions + Designer Input & Cover Ideas / Themes - Stylist Competition Coming May 2011
yea she did..!
don't you have enough jobs boo?? Lol!
Hey #Chicago get ready for MVP Summer Sessions! New Venues, crazier parties! Coming at ya soon! <3 this weather! :)))
" i wish you could see me now. i wish i could show you how..i'm not who i was."
come hang out sunday at before we call it quits. OK I'm just being dramatic.
Hotter than a flame but i do not know her name ....
Wow,what a shitty day!!
Ahaha! I used to have a sleeping problem! I think I still do! hehe. :]
if you can cope with your problems without smoking, i respect you.
and last year’s leaves are smoke in every lane
Everytime I c a cute guy I look like crap haha o well
Making friends with a cat is a lot tougher than hitting it off with a hooman, or just about any other species outside the reptile world.
Happy Birthday to !!
It's been a long day..... Still tweaking up this new Myspace. When will it end?
Full of dim sum, drinking ginger tea and working on some new music.
i think i almost died from food poisoning yesterday
"No, but once I danced with a guy in a devil mask under a blacklight...Does that count?"
yess! I don't know what I'd do without you on here to laugh at ma jokes.
what a bum.
Fantastic! I hope it got people stoked for/inspired to participate in critically-informed production.
#athletanyc to support BOL students for a semester!!!
You are once again correct. Thank you Mr. Hairsplitter!
they got that shit
Thanks for tweeting!
can't sleep my son is upstairs in his room singing Yankee Doodle Dandy or something! Watching Live from The Masters!
Five dollar tattoo.
I was once told by my Nigga meech , you feed a sucker they just grow To be a bigger leach
no. that crunch sound. it makes me blind with rage. HATE. (i do like kit kats tho...)
not for long
By far the best thing TV has done in years. Nice.
interesting ... I never suggested Americans want to go into Syria. We don't. But who else could actually help? So sad.
Adams Morgan has been thru a lot. Th rise of U St and Columbia Hgts. And perpetual road construction
Might have to make an Arby's run tonight, you guys. Thanks
Hey chris when you read this please do not ignore may you please follow me buddy your so cool and i want to be bros with you.
I speak on a smaller scale, because there also always are good people in the world too.
i swear. my dad is such an idiot.
I love "30 Rock," but the live episode was unwatchable. Why are they doing another one?
What to do today
that was hilarious i was dying haha
I know that looking for a job is a full time job, but what is the schedule?
If doesn't respond to soon, all hell is going to break loose. Full wrath.
-I love so hard you think I'm stupid, but it's a fight I don't mind losin-
Understandable. I have gluten intolerance and can relate. It might be something you reference on certain days, not all the time.
I #Love #Quran and we #Read Quran #daily and #tell u Read to
Please do not talk about the Bucks anymore. Your uneducated opinions really magnify your ignorance on the subject.
1450 Studio in amazing building E50th.. renting by the end of today or tommorow. Hit me up to view.
You're never too old to become younger.
Really hoping for Brauns sake that he doesn't go from Hebrew Hammer to Herpe Hammer...
Yes! Beer now!
Eating, by the fire with the Chardonnay . c;
hahaha! theres not :( its a small apartment soo its just enough for me and my mom :P
Just heard on the news that stress is more harmful to women. Routine massages can help decrease the stress on your body and mind.
att. Mike Neal right?
Exhibits are now open! REMINDER: Today from 2pm-4pm is the spotlight on Adult Lit. Exhibits close today at 5pm.
awesome new profile pic!
I hot boxed my room that I started crying while smoking the blunt still <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
President Obama on Immigration Reform: "the right thing to do" and "smart for our economy."
MKE's North Shore Library has a nice program for new babies where after 3 visits you get a free board book & sippy cup. Target sponsors it.
No turkey lftovrs today. Tried the bacon,cheddar,PEANUT BUTTER burger at AJ Bombers. Yeah, it works.
Hey , I'm willing to make this road trip RT : Notre Dame vs. Navy Sept. 1 from Dublin, on Sept. 1 at 9 am ET
All my favorite big ten teams have caved. Time to read a book.
Idk why everyone is concerned about Koney the guy lives in Africa what about all the homeless, poor, starved, and dying people in the U.S.?
This is horrible. Nuggets getting ass raped.
Watching one of my all time favorite movies: Sleepless in Seattle. Can I live there please?
when did you get glasses?
Just put in the order at photoworks. My first piece is going up friday. Beyond excited!
ugh, you're annoying .
Listening to makes my day better, even when I'm feeling sick :)
I'm so very sorry I've been MIA, I'll try to be on soon, really miss ya! Hope you have a great XMas too!
give me details please!!!! ;-D
A young man I know at work died on Tuesday. Was sad until I found out how. Now, I am devestated.
Thanks for the RT : #win a copy of “The BugaBees” #book sequel “The BugyBops” by
Satanic hispanic
haha. Well put. It was great to see you tonight. I can't wait to share the wobble vid with friends.
yes! That's awesome!
oh but you'll totally be tweeting from work.
make a wish. <U+E32E>
If you're not loving the iPad keyboard yet you might be interested in our typing training app: www.flairify.com
Hope you never have to use it! Be safe out there!
I need bed!
The efficacy of my brain is directly related to the amount of sweat in my training.
sweet and your from the bay area even better. I will hit u up with more details when I figure out what song to do and when
I sent the email to Austin about 24 hours ago-.- email me back already. . .gar
yaaay!:) how do you know her?
Are NFL teams going to start playing flag football? Will the officials throw a flag on every tackle of every game? Is football dangerous?
lol get up n kill that mug
... But my roommate really just ordered a prostitute..
where do you work?
Good job #broncos keep running on first down, you might fool them..
Boom. 1 more baby.
Good Evening Hope you enjoy our twinning related tweets! Watch this space for Last Night at the Proms news 28th Jan 2012
Bed early. CrossFit early.
School ina few hope the day goes well
remove it off
#Geeks rule!
Good Morning! It's such a wonderful week! Loosing weight before the cruise!! Can't stop now, I've lost 4.5 lbs!! Yes! But now the weekend...
Copaganda: The misinformed belief that 1 bad cop means they're all bad cops!
RT "I will remember these last ten days for the rest of my life. It was a rare display of being the best we can all be."
I don't understand how a nigga can be posted on a block all day but u always broke
dont steal his tiger
And the weed purple like a black girl pussy.
The name Arianna comes from the Italian origin, meaning very holy.
- keep me in the loop!
Great #Foodie session last night #SPJWash. Thanks Key takeway = Follow your passion!
back on twitter =]
Website is up and live.. Go check it out!! www.nwboatsports.com big thanks to the Miller family on getting this site up and rocking!!
Use your website to track customer behavior.
my new #nokialumia 710 brings me much joy.
that shit wack lol..... But he did fuck tony Allen up .... Kinda how I use to have y'all niggas lol
I'm doubting the mc only version Did you look at the practice test? I think we will be graphing our butts off!
It's 3:46 am and I'm at work. That can only mean one thing: SNOW COVERAGE!!!
I passed my tests. I have my cdl permit. Whew! I'm glad that's over?
Enjoying Lo mein and dumplings for dinner
naw just tweet as spam. Tmz more reliable the the Washington post.
Are you, by chance, all out of bubblegum?
America's Game with your Super Bowl champion Packers premiers tonight at 9PM ET on
Never once have I read a newspaper article, glanced down at the comments and thought, "That really added something to my reading experience.
I'm ready for it!
Actually, we let the friendly, conquered natives do that.
#beforeIDie have the courage to put one of my songs on youtube.
This girls voice reminds me of somebody I don't like (-_-)
Yay! mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Welcome to Los Angeles Chris Paul!!!!!!!!
New IPad for Christmas and watching the Packers!! Great day!! Merry Christmas!!
Great Quote!
omg i am getting justin biebers movie tomarrow...cant wait 2 hours and it will be out.........
That awkward moment we you have to adjust your lobe when you lay down on your side.
Ditto. RT : Enjoyed quality time w/ and need more of that in my life!
Truly! RT : Fiesta! Reception at Casa Esencia w/ all those cosy little rooms and a PHOTO BOOTH = The. Bestest. Ever.
Rearranging journals to fit 2 new vols on shelf. Colleague: "I've never seen you do actual work before!" Self: "This is the first time."
Hahaha, I love how everyone paused HUSTLERS LOVE ATL to figure out last tweet. RESUME. :P
Tax prep on the cheap - 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
": I Think I Made A Major Mistake Last Summer... Doing What I Did!" what you do ?
you have no reason to act this way.
New #SharkTank baby!
Rock & roll keeps you in a constant state of juvenile delinquency.
watching baby boy w
24 Hours of The Best of the Small Plate Radio Network - live right now - www.sprnetwork.com - now playing: Job Search Radio
“: Started focusing on my inward self and who I want to be. #betteryourself”
love u
At the drive-in, a gaggle of children singing "don't stop believing" off-key at the top of their tiny lungs.... AWESOME!
I sorta forgot you were on Twitter.
- we need to link up on sum music
Who's all goint to Club Interlude tomorow?? HMU If going might go 2 get things off my mind )); </3 hmu 4 info and flyers
Congratulations on the seed money. If we can ever help, please let us know!
I like losing my phone... New start New Toy
Just call me "Mockingjay"
Can't tell whether the person driving behind me is an old lady or a small child
The world is about to be #BLIND-SIDED by
I want a chest tattoo.
Baristas that serve coffee drinks filled to the brim and then tops it with whip cream spilling the hot drink
leftovers!! I'll only eat one if that lol
"Its t-shirt time" lmfao (: can't wait ...
Maybe, maybe not. Let's find out.
Getn money friday. Spend it saturday is tomma. And swangn sunday is comn soon....mad monday tha day afta
thats That's the truth ! Cocky dumb bitches !
Hi Walter! I do PR for Will we see you at Webbinno on Mon? Is Twitter the best way to get in touch? Thx!
#bigGayAl #terrytoughguy I'm super thanks for asking...5 beers deep and counting
Though I do enjoy the daily ice tea delivery from Urth.
LOL that happened to me the other day too, but I thought my sales lady was going to cry too
Black Friday Weekend Paper Jamz deal! Use coupon code:blogpromo10 for an extra 10% off!
Rocky Mountain Diner in Downtown Denver to close.. Sad News! Http://bit.ly/ihRzVl
Screenwriter spotted.
feeling warm and fuzzy
Holy friggen viscous intentions lol I like the new format!
Truth. RT : "Please check back later", really isn't appropriate for a web thing in 2012.
I wonder if my plugs are here(:
i've talked to her about some of this stuff. she's pretty frustrated too. not sure if she would want to get involved again
<U+266A>Freddy and His Mother - "Fambly 42"
his eyes. <3 Makes the stars look like they're not shining (;
Has anyone built a good Test Runner plugin in #SublimeText2? Not worried about the language... just wondering if it's possible.
#ReasonIAmLateToWork Skunk got in my house and sprayed all my uniforms!
arrrrrrrggghhh : The theme this year is Pirates of the Cowibbean! Get out your eye patches and get ready for some fun!
Interesting article in Sports Illustrated about process Manning used to ultimately choose Broncos. Stealth & diversion. Like a spy novel.
Games games games
what about Missy?
fuck are you talking shit for when i'm sleeping in the other room? your loud as mouth woke me up ahole.
Amen. We're 4 weeks away. After 8 1/2 years together...I suppose I can't put it off any longer. May 19th.
China has more English speaking people than the United States
Haha I don't have one but like some ppl can't buy them so it's a good idea!
“: Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields. (North Carolina)” just so we're clear, can they plow other fields?
None taken was just checking on you RT : was having some "me" time, nothing personal
Drew breaks NFL passing record held by Marino, amazing
I have Aldean singing me to sleep tonight!! Or keeping me up? Who knows?
THIS THURSDAY (5/17) Sweeney's in #Philadelphia. SANHEDRON is coming to town... Come out & show some love!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing (John Wimber).
UWP rally still going. Not sleeping for a bit, looks like, because audio is loud. In other news, I spoke to Alice! She's already bigger.
**TanWorks will be closed Thanksgiving Day and Friday 11/25 ** We will reopen on Saturday at 11am - 5pm. Enjoy your holiday!!
My dog knows the days of the week and he wakes me up even earlier when he knows I'll be home. Let's get the party started!
Darrell just seriously sang half of glad you came.. He didn't even suck! He knew it all! :O
Just turned on the game and they were closing to commercial. Saw the Clarkson goal. Oh man lol what the hell was Bryz doing gaaahahahahahaha
Ah it's fucking HOT :o
Depends where you are. In some countries, PayPal is an option. Location and size/stage of business is a factor.
Game over.
take me too
goodNight but....
no whats it about
all this talk about suspensions when is the real sports story today
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
Too much clutter in your office? We are the solution!
I don't mean to be rude.. But your a smut...
Thanks for the free car wash, Gaia.
Awesome! Thanks.
Going to get the ultimate, mega-super-awesome, most bad assed kite ever with And then I'm going to fly it. Pics to follow.
i drink gravy.
RT : 328 #artists from 31 countries involved for #twitterartexhibit in Norway. Supporting Moss Woman's Crisis Centre.
The whole white out thing with the away jerseys being white...
man, im so fucking confused! UGH!
$49 teeth cleaning special at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com (New Patient Special!)
So is it that the gov't keeps you poor or you keep yourself poor? America. Land of the Free?
Are there 12 days of LARBmas?
You have car and renters/home insurance? Home insurance should cover contents. If you need help, you can contact our agents.
I can totally relate to "too many new passwords, not enough room in brain to remember them all"!!! Stay warm!
What kind of drink goes with Bengay? Alcohol, people, alcohol.
House music is the answer! Friday 05.04.12
Dont ever say that you want to give up, because at that moment all could cease for you!
David Coria is like a bull fighter en compas on stage!
friends- what r we, chopped liver? Nah, have fun, enjoy it. don't get alt. sickness and have a #newbelgium Fat Tire for me.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand : When people talk about you behind your back
how did the Speakeasy go?
- Love and peace to you too.
RT opens tonight at 6pm and we are excited to have coming at 10pm to feed the masses.Come see us tonight!
If I spell a word wrong... 10 times out of 9 I did it on purpose.. I have an Iphone and a MacBook, they both have auto correct...
I've been on tour tbh
HERE WE GO BREWERS HERE WE GO!!!!!!!
Never forget, God loves all his children including those sinners who have offended Him. Beg for mercy for each and every one of you.
which zoo?
Marriott this year
Happy i passed
was here this morning catching all the set up action! Many volunteers getting ready for
Yay! That's a perfect afternoon + evening! That's how I want my tomorrow to turn out!
We have the same brands dt...just not Philosophy yet...I will show you Monday
we have to account for both the new and old ways black women are marginalized. new contexts, new questions.
Such a pleasure to talk to folk fired up and ready to go out to talk about Presiden Obama's values and accomplishments..
bahahahhaaha me too...that pigface is creepy as hell
Working hard on dinner. Tribute Book has gone to the printer. Arranging for the reunion. Mary has not seen Egle or Aurimas since 1945.
Speaking for all normal guys. Even the married ones. That was exciting.
I like to party, so I like my Jesus to party
idk if i'll be able to sleep tonight :(
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
In less than 13 hours my premies Jackson & Campbell will be joining me as we March For Babies. Can't wait! (There's still time to donate.)
They were giving you time to work on your book!!
Thanks for the RT, Mark!
Another example of Politics and the Arts not working together...
The McRib is back... every time I see an ad for it I want to vomit. Just get rid of this please.
d best thang u can do is unfollow me an i fucking meen it
Did I miss the Paris discussion?
leave your number in my inbox
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. - Robert Byrne
#Mets90sBands is trending right now, and it's hilarious.
is it Cooper or Ventura that isn't handling the pitchers properly
It damn sure did... RT : FATabul0us_Lola it caught your attention didn't it lol
kljalkjglajgklajs lolol i just saw u put my song on here!!!!! Could it be U!!! Yeah!!!
We are shredding soon!
lol dont be mad at me cause I didnt have to say my speech today. lol and what was yo excuse for not being in class today??
American Girls are foreign & exotic, just not in America.
do I ever! Lost my sh!t on many an occassion watching that!
And of that 1%, probably 1% are big ol' hits. If you do the maths, that's pretty meager.
this is my last full week of high school EVER... I'm so fucking excited! 26 DAYS UNTIL GRADUATION!
what the hell? Is there an epidemic of people wiping their asses with phones?
Hi Molly - UVA library is great and the people are the best part! Glad you are on board. Wish we'd been there together!
#3WordsForYou ..... You Are Awesome
I'll be participating in the New Author Challenge. It's one of my favorites every year!
just remember you are cheating on me too!
if only life came with a <U+25C4><U+25C4> REW <U+25BA> PLAY ¦¦PAUSE ¦¦STOP <U+25BA><U+25BA> FF
Word to the wise bring swim suit to go swimming
3 power plays in the period and no goals...
im bout to listen to gotti and watch da playoffs
that's nice. Sound like u had a good time. It was hot today. So what school u go to?
Ready for lunch. This next hour and a half may kill me!
My friend just threw a cat. Or should I say... my EX friend.
Cyanide and Happiness are funny af
"networks" and "net work" definitely seem to be the trending topic in Knowledge Management
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Keeping friends close &&d enemies closer!
You have my word.
Heats<<<<<<< horrible night
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste?
First person to spot a #FoodGenius t-shirt at and post a photo of it on our wall will get their very own.
This is MAJOR! TEDxHarlem reduced price to $20 & moved event 2 Riverside Church. 3/27- now available 2 all!
I need a photo blown up to poster size....where should i go besides kinkos?!
"You stay the same thru the ages. Your love never changes. There may be pain in the night but joy comes in the morning."
If She Stays With You When Your In The Slumps And Stays With You No Matter What Bullshit You Do The Shes a Keeper,Cherish Her
kase got a twitter?
Im about to go downstairs & see wasssssup
haha I know right
Followed!!!!:D
sorry. I mean--I hate being a nuisance, though admittedly I do get charged with it sometimes.
i'm about to go up up & away.
Need a turkey platter, gravy boat, serving bowl, or more wine glasses? Watts is open until 4 today for your last minute Thanksgiving needs.
GOD BLESS ONLINE RADIO!!! Listening to on =)
I shall. ^-^ I'm not much of a Twitter person but I'll try to be on more often to talk to you. :)
#ironic that I'm at a library this afternoon since I'm at the Library five days a week
Welcome #literary friends
like more unlicensed spectrum? Or more e-rate funds for connections?
impromptu girlfriend party at my place. I have wine beer tequila and some sort of Mexican fajita thing I just made up
Can't think about anything else.
In addition to our Chocolate Dipped Strawberry, we have a NEW TUESDAY FLAVOR! Come try out our Chocolate Banana cupcake!
hahahahaha sorry but holy hell good luck haha": Finally on Round 3 #NFLdraft #Raiders"
we hope it doesn't know anything...
Wait a minute...According to Philadelphia, the Penguins are the dirty players... Not today..
I am creating three infographic resumes and preparing for a Pre-K astronomy presentation
What if we used to be able to make wishes but then someone wished we couldn't?
...cause I don't speak Spanish all that well, I'm outta cash and I'm drunk as hell
#CLOelite taught me a lot today. Will be implementing "Try This, Learning in Action." THANKS!
good article. I'm still rooting for A.I. too. I hope he gets his life together.
It's hard being on this trip with the guy i love to death, and the girl holding us back.
OMG I can't with these switched personalities on glee!!! TOO FUNNY!! HAHAH <U+E409><U+E412><U+E326>
Thanks for the link - looks like it was a great day with excellent content.
for men: The thick horizontal stripe on shirts going across your chest was cool in the late 90s. This is 2012.
At mcMULLENS, with one of my best friends who's visiting from Oregon!
I'm so bad at homework.
thanks so much for your presentation to UW emba class today!!!!
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling. - Margaret B. Runbeck
A5) We are not created to mindlessly work in cubicles, offices, cash registers, & loading docks as slaves to bills then die.
. introspection is not even very good for analysing oneself. It is good for rationalizing.
I feel so uplifted!!
thanks girl (: you looked so pretty! I loved your dress.
I know!! :D i don't even know how i got them i'm #surprised too...
Congratulations, Chris! Looking forward to seeing what comes next...
Boooriiing.. ring... ring... hello? (i've lost it..)
Thanks a lot!
Well gee ... the obvious response to that ?? would be #whatonearthwouldwebarterwith?
NERDFIGHTER LLAMA LIKE
Does anyone have a favorite inn/B&B along the Bourbon Trail? Need to book our room for Memorial Day weekend as it's getting close!
Discussing consistency in functionality among activities, consistency is really important for us higher ed folks
Quick replacement of the cork on the '04 #Rivola Abadia Retuerta Sardon de Duero kept it from falling apart like our last did - 1 btl left!
your super hot, fire hot.<3(;
me either.
Fresh black T on...
Our iPad 2 winner from the Home & Garden Show will be announced April 27th on Facebook and Google+! Check back soon to see if you won!
let u fuckin bitchez bout a pimp name c..i aint payin for da pussy an my dick aint free
Thanks for the like, Jessica Acevedo!
I want to be a real life superhero... Just not sure who I will be.
Sure. I'm at a hotel near airport. Would be taking cab in. How long is the trip?
please help me get more followers so twitter will allow me to follow more then 2000 people
Teens (12-17), could you have survived The Hunger Games? Join us tomorrow @ 4pm @ Malcolm Lib for yummy popcorn & fun book/movie discussion.
Thanks for following.
haha yeah, but my girlfriend and I pick up our new boxer puppy in a few weeks so soon I'll feel your pain!
"If you can dream it you can do it." Walt Disney
armor assembled as crest, drunken fist at wrest, prophetic dream manifest
In wake of 9/11 ann. Another must watch movie is "Man on Wire." Can't help relating the two events even though filmmaker never does.
This week, is featuring a German Chocolate cupcake! YUM!!! Hurry to 41 W. 5th Street to get one!
i leave twitter for 5 minutes and i came back to 150 new tweets.
Happy Fathers day!
Guess that's all the questions.
get you a new designer.
then this nigga just farted loud as fuck....uhg
"A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away." - Bil Keane
to check up on u
I'm done
I've been drinking tea like it's my job lately. Thankfully it's just down the road from my apt.
Not tired
I had the chocolate vodka cake!!! can you say YUM!
I just started it this morning, bought it at the Nashville airport and I'm about halfway done already! I can't put it down.
BVU meeting on school/business partnerships.
Come join me at Hiawatha I would really enjoy getting to know you and learning about your company. Thrive lunch 3/22/12 @ 11am
Today is one of those "hurry up and wait" kind of days...
did you ever get to come to a UK game?
We hope the #LTDArmy has a fantastic 2012!
i thought we were past that...
Company Profile for Axis Communications
Thanks for the mention!
Wow, this social media stuff is amazing!
Former Time n Meredith CEO, Jack Griffin talking at ABM conference, says b2b media tends to b more innovative than consumer
Congratulations on the new job! =D
We've hosted hundreds. Always down for the cause. Hit us up @ 212-593-4321 Thanks!!!
We want BritneyOnXFactor
Daly Double IPA and Alpenglo, Founders Imperial Stout and Three Floyds Aotearoa now on draft
Not sure why this call this place an outlet mall if there's not a single one available to plug my recently purchased Juice Tiger into.
cool. Will do.
I just don't understand why I was made a part of this hahah
Last few days of shooting gonna miss the crew and all wonderful people I've met :(
Trivia fodder!
Yay!! Me!! I won!!! Very nice event Elmbrook H. S. !! Thank you!
Happy Birthday to the best person in the world Courtney Holland i love u
don't say stuff like that.
Finally in bed. Today seemed like a 36 hour time block.
15 million people love including me! #TishaLewis now on
looking forward to your tweets! "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
RAINING!?! What the heck
This is interesting--what do you think you need to know that you haven't learned yet?
she's very reliable! Unless also naked, drunk and in a police cell.
growing up sucks
#ADP Run Certification - #training complete - Download this fantastic application today!
I just want this $100 bike at Walmart. I've been there every day and something goes wrong. Is it a bad idea to just buy the display and run?
A L L the popular kids at school give me dirty looks.....
KINDA?! what the hell! haha
will do. talk to you tomorrow.
Hitting the road back to DC. New York, I love you, but it will never be more than a one-night stand. W/
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier
haha. It's crazy though, everyone is pregnant!
Don't come and go, just like the others.
#bankofamerica im breaking up with you
Hm what game to play?
LMFAO!!!!! Yo, we gotta do that again! we were straight wildin out! You had the ol slanty eyes going on
Thank you!!!
Can I just live with my mom in Florida..please
So pissèd, i can't even remember my first name
The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.
Free styling..
The count down BITCH
“If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.”
BIG NEWS IS ADDED TO THE FEB. TEEN HOOT !
Salsa St. Patricks Day Party Tonight at Club Irie! Dance Lesson Starts Arond 8pm!
*guys *girls RT : Girls just love to play wit a mans feelings
Traffic is so eww...glad I left early, almost to midtown for my first appointment
#whatmakesyoubeautiful Everything that makes you different from the rest.
Good job :) keep it up RT : Passed both those classes with B's low-key one should of been a A but I'm not trippin.
Dar la cara (literal: to give the face) Meaning: To face the circumstances
Feeling like I should publish something before going up for permanent status at the end of the summer. What should I write about?
my ankel still hurts will beadle good night sleep well and ima about rest take nap
A couple glasses of wine, but no dinner yet... Yeah, my cheeks are a bit warm lol
I follow what your sayin you ain't got to twitter shit
RT Florida, you need to know that America is watching you right now. You need to take action. NOW.
You could make "fetch" happen.
Less Rain-More Snow Please!
Their algorithms are crap. Surely I am more than a "bit" of a douche? Very disappointing.
RT : Happiness keeps you sweet. Trials keep you strong. Sorrows keep you human. Failures keep you humble. GOD, keeps you going!
#HappybdaymommaJ Thank God that he created the three most wonderful boys in the world!! May The Lord bless you on this wonderful day
Moment of truth time
#Rubio on #Hannity "I think ANY of the Candidates are better than what we have now"- Need he say more?? I think not!
About to take a quick nap then get back to work
anyone want some Jaded Chain downloads?
Friday the 13th who being sneaky?
i thought i'd never see that picture again!
yea their bomb too but he be stingy
I'm in opposite boat from a community college view, "It's cheap as hell but has extremely high value contrary to belief"
5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon. :-( so sad. RIP Dan Wheldon.
tattoo contest at secret gentlemens club tonight! girls come down and win some CASH money!!! 10pm las vegas
I only have one thing to say... Anchor Man 2!!!!!
Awww Love you's
This what you call freak weather gotta let that booty breathe
Ah fell into the door! I'm turning into jackson lol :P
Well..I'd add in be honest to yourself and others too lol :) but agree.
It was definitely magical. My favorite line was "I wonder what my purpose is."
lol no way
Congrats Robinson cano on home run Derby .... he's ridiculous
you can come drink with me if you want. lol. i got some trees too.
All you are missing is a lobotomy and a gender reassignment. Then you will be a truly enlightened mythical creature.
I can promise you if it happens again, I won't be nice this time.
I would like to push one over and create a domino effect.
sorry if i hurt you . and sorry if i let you hurt me.
Failed a math test
Ah! The piggie!
hey Mark! just pinging you to check your email :) just dropped you a message!
Looks like the Bulls are toast. Geez, what a horrible turn around for that team. Fun to watch the young Sixers move on though.
So Yesterday, we won BEST TASTE for TASTE of New Albany 2011! That's pretty good right?
Just wish you knew how I felt because you just start to ignore me again </3 :'(
Hey you're Welcome ..!!
can't wait to be a part of the Snowballs Film Fest this june!!
I bet my tweets have vibrated a bigger hole in the crotch of your panties.
Share the love for Honk Fest West (official page): like this page and share it with everyone you know in the Pac NW. HONK! loud.
Downtown has so many amazing places for all styles! MT : Q1. Which Chicago neighborhood is your favorite to shop in?
thank you
I don't know much about this #Kony guy, but facebook should probably make a 'dislike' button for him.
L and a S was down with Pooh!
Looking for a great Hoffmann for our March 2 show. Have any ideas?
but your music sure is
Lower right ab (if that makes sense).
thank you!!
I wish I wasn't working today so I could spend my Easter with my loved ones :/
what have you been up to!?:)
hey!! thx for inviting me to NuBook. How the heck are ya!?
Louisville = Big East Softball Champions
Bacardi mojito is the right thing to drink ;) <3
please be reasonable and nice. That's all I'm asking for, nice and try
tnx for the follow. Do you offer any programming classes in Huttese?
have to get a couple of index card booklets before I start my storyboards so I can be more organized with it. I will also work much faster.
PEOPLE ARE SO IGNORANT!!!!! -____________-
#Brewers All damn day
CONGRATS PLAGUE!
OMG sure heck from the middle is gonna ask for a concert ticket on the show wednesday(: ahh i better go buy some popcorn<3 ily
I,m allways looking for better "tone", I have found that it lives in the hands of the player! so play with zeal+ intensity!
see you soon!
What do you call a woman with one leg? - Ilene
there are two colours in my head
Okay I can go to sleep now.
lol. Actually the first vet that came to mind was.....AJ. Lol (not our problem anymore)
They're playing Breathe Carolina on 90210. Oh bby.
Exactly RT : I vote for the team photo #12 and #56 stand next to one another
saw ya on the news :D yay!
lol its all good
Beyond Redemption's cast: Lily Rabe, Lisa Gay Hamilton, Jake Weber and Hamish Linklater
Is the latest 'Bill And Ted's script by the screenwriters of the orig? I believe they were 2 USC students?
Loving all the people in my life
Alumna Bernadette Torres was just accepted to KC's art council. Thanks to Michael Claeys () for the tip!
Working fire in Greenfield. Sounds like they are upgrading to a box alarm. 3060 w American dr.
One trick I use that sort of helps me w/ that is to tell myself the butterflies are excitement instead of nervousness. Seems to work.
Lmao too funny! You go! RT Ava is my daughter and I could give a fuck that I do not know how to spell Justin Bieber's name
thanks for the follow!
Minneapolis - we're on our way to you....Tonight at Club Underground!
Summer 6 week Meisner program starts tomorrow!
Not a bad guess-all in all.
RT I wave Luke's hand in the air like I just don't care #StarWars <-HAHAHAHA!!!!
love it!!
lol you're stupid
thanks for endangering my life and making me feel like a 2nd class citizen right now
why wouldn't you be able to?
Thank you! Much appreciated.
#LTBroadcasts "President Hoover's Administration has made it clear that countries that owe the US money will be expected to pay" (5/2/31)
Am i ever gonna get any luck this year?
Just drove by a garage sale and saw 5 cat travel cages as items for sale. That may be a good indication to keep driving.
Every day we ignore protecting our children from sexual abuse, the greater the chance we lose them later on to suicide.
I think Cozart is a witch
If life was an anime show my nose would be bleeding half the time I'm at school
That #heat loss felt like a #bulls win. Anybody want to host Bullscast?
What else can I do?
You're proof that the hard work pays off! You know, top 10 album on Billboard and all... : )
RT : I just drove through the snow to fly to a desert city where it's 91 degrees outside so I can watch a game played on ice.
gonna spend the day hangin out with the fam..maybe include the lake
the joke??
As long as it works for you! I'm seriously thinking about picking up some turkey slices after work...:)
Relish wins! #O's
Chillin in Bali: singing @ a superhip hotel, sitting in with the New York Voices, having a drink by the pool.. Yeah!
A while back someone started a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to purchase Kickstarter. :)
Is it wrong for me to want to punch someone else's kid? Little girl keeps smacking my kid in the pool. Her dad is smirking...
#WorstRapLineEver "Look at me I can rhyme, oh my gosh I can do this all the time."
I'm so jealous of you right now!! Miss you
Im ready for friday to end and the weekend to come.
Real talk!! RT ": Never plan a future with someone that has no future plans for themselves."
you guys should start flower shop.
Sitting in Qdoba with my crazy ass friend lol
Happy birthday babyy ! you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats <3
so what ya think?
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
« Taking one step at a time.»
Thanks! Good to know. MT enjoyed your article, but I believe term "Haterade" came from 90's Hip Hop Culture.
#fbadvocacy Jules from DCI talking abt social gaming in advocacy
hell yes she is
Gladly. BTW, I'm already drinking ...
I always do
It's not good when you go to school and you forgot your pencil. I had two so I shared.
Lolololol did we seriously just have to take a love survey?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! God damn this whole night has been a huge disappointment.
If you refuse to argue, you automatically win the argument .
Happy 52nd birthday to the best momma a boy could ever ask for! Love you!
well where Im from its a sign of respect not age :)
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. – Theodore Roosevelt
SUNIFY PLAYLIST #8: Country Music for Non-Country Music Fans
#WordPress #Tools AuthorHighlight – Highlights comments by the blog’s author.
Good morning :)
Nice meeting you!
Sounds like someone's itching to write a fanfic…
Monday off day = first lunch eating in the servery all semester
I will count that "favorite" as sympathy for my dilemma. hehe
When im last on the bus and dont have a seat <
Lame niggahs be quit
RIP to half of the Memphis Horns #AndrewLove responsible for sounds of Otis Retting (Think JayZ/Kanye - Otis), Aretha Franklin, U2.
now I'll never eat there again
boom boom boom
#TweetOfTheDay if its not broken, brake it
u watching la vs. Okc?
#NINJAGAIDEN3 The game is an abomination before the baby Jesus.
I know how to bring his hidden gifts to the surface and I feel it's my responsibility to do so!
Happy Holidays! Rehearsals start back up on Wednesday January 4th, 2012
Thanks for the #FF love !
Went to Fish NiGhT!
Congratulations on your health care USA .
via - Toronto Raptors Think Of Really Good Comeback 10 Minutes After Losing Game
There appears to be a fair number of empty seats on club level at Pacers game as well tonight.
Same here doll!! It's going to be a BLAST!
Glad Doo is home. Miss that little poop when he's with dad. He was a Skeleton Zombie Pirate for Halloween. Waiting 4 pics. Have a good week!
RT : RT : <U+2605><U+2665><U+2665>R<U+2208>TW<U+2208><U+2208>T<U+2665><U+2665><U+2605> -> IF YOU FOLLOW me<U+2665> I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT<U+2665> #TEAMFOLLOWBACK <U+2665>-> and give me a shoutout <U+2665><U+2665>
how's the snow? Looks like it's gonna seriously dump on you
Heading to Everest in April. Get fun facts about the adventure updated daily at With Eric West on facebook.
oh well .. lol
alien space technology?!?!?
Money is on my mind...
I was singin that shit all day
sure! Just give us a heads up which game you will be at & we will have it at the cyclones booth behind section 137
This is one of the best known free gift card offers around and please read the fine print but yes, it is the real thing
How'd you sleep? :)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
haha I laughed when I saw that too. But thank you! I hope I do too before I go crazy lol
Two course lunch: Campbell's Chunky Chili/Saltines, now Carmine's leftovers
S/o to Zombieland
Shack now planning events and working hard! Hit it up. Great food drinks and gaming!
That sucks! I guess a better camera IS the better idea. I would do more vlogs once I have more to say than just rants.
Champions keep playing until they get it right. Billie Jean King
U.S. airlines cancel flights as winter storm bears down
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou Pussy, ass, & a boatload of cash!
Last question: when you say make does that mean they grow the grapes there too or just import grapes and make wine?
These classes are horrible
Thanks! RT : rooting for from buffalo!!! lets go boys!!!
Eating dinner at 10PM and missed ballet again. Feel like I'm going to be struck by lightening for my bad habits. Oh the guilt
Just Saw Falling In Reverse. And Wow! They Were Amazing..It Was A Dream Come True Seeing Play Live Tonight..<333
oh most definitively. on youtube they have over 20+ tracks
Grievis Vasquez at Comcast Center tonight. Must be a slow weekend in Memphis.Or Caracas.
I'm gonna go ahead & claim victory for my Lakers & shut it down!!
hilarious! MT : ...we accidentally closed the lid on an 18th century traveling library + couldn't get it open again
with a little umbrella? and maybe a snack. i'd also like a snack. something chocolate.
you guys playing on Tuesday at the renaissance?
and at the designated moment, golden and sublime, One crystal dream at a time, unwind and climb inside yourself...
AND THE REST OF YALL
First rehearsal is in the morning, actually. Good times await!
Back to Nashville today!!!
I'm getting good vibes for today
I'm so excited to learn proper Spanish!!!
When they originally shot Star Wars, they used number 2 pencils instead of light sabers.
funny... Same here. Tattoo party!
#YouKnowYouraWhoreWhen........ your 12 and having sex
Excited to share and am honored to say that I am a PRSA Bronze Anvil recipient.
#20factsaboutme 20) I am very picky about my Starbucks! Carmel Mocha Frappacino, Extra Caramel Drizzle and No Whip! :)
": Star Wars in 3D!! #ifyouknowmeyouknow I'm a secret nerd #maytheforcebewithyou" and also with you!
Archipac truth: If you are not at the table, you are on the menu! #aia2012 We must speak up for the NEEd of architects!
Haha okay, must have great teeth!
African Educational Charity World Teacher Aid to Benefit from a... A company that helps average Americans earn money through internet mar
I had alot of crooks tryna steal yo heart!
HAVE WE FINISHED OUR HISTORY ASSIGNMENT!?
Besides watching paint dry are there many things more boring than watching Joe Johnson dribble for18 seconds then hoisting up a shot??
Smh at the shit that some people will do just to get some attention.
#jhuAAM getting close to story telling time with moth!
haha if my name is all you got on me , just hush cuz i know my name i made it dumbass ! , you guys just crack
ScanStation C10 Laser Failure. Anyone else having this issue?
Thanks, Cyndy! I hope your day is going well. :)
My back needs to be cracked. Pop it for me?
my set time is 2:45 am
damn u look good!!!
Just orgasm'd after watching the rough cut of our music video.....
Hey my friend thinks your account is fake and i tell her its not what do i do??
who won?
Are you still trying to craft an excuse to buy a tablet but don’t know when you’d use it? Read on to see when people use their mobile...
Stop. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. In and Out. Repeat.
There's something about seeing dogs rolling around on their backs that always makes me smile.
I was set to have pancakes fror breakfast till just found out it National Pancake Day and now I'm having eggs. LOL "Just the way I am"
we miss you too cuz,It was fun having you over the weekend most esp.at the theater we were laughing so hard,haha!!:)
If you're looking for VIP to the hottest clubs in #Vegas DM US!
Just locked myself out.
oh now that sounds scary! haha
3~N~1 PARTY PROMOTERS ALWAYS ON TOP!!!!! ALL WE DO IS "PROMOTE" WE ARE THE BEST AT WHAT WE DO......THERE IS NO STOPPING US.
Homeroom acted very responsibly through testing, I ran 3 miles yesterday, and my friend bought me a t-shirt
The Pixies is good stuff!
Just wanted to say I love you guys So much!!!!
If #LOVE is hard to find then you're off..God is Love and He will #DIRECT you to happiness. #SpeakingtheTruth!
sorry that didn't happen, but was a good time hangout with you all nice folks.
Nope! She's the newest addition to our household. Her mission: find ALL the cobwebs!
What is your Spark longing for today?
Obsessed with Instagram!
I miss Gerald Levert!!
Primary season is too long and not constructive, IMO
Who else thinks that people are upset about the Coach Joe story for the wrong reason. What about justice for the victims?
most interesting question in US Census Survey - "what time do you leave for work?" I guess to gauge need for alternative transportation?
Um hello you have to be up in four hours... why are YOU awake?!
Thanks for the follow. We're based in LA as well! Drop a line if you need anything.
More like 2 RT Jessica Simpson looks like she is going to pop out a full size adult.
My downsides of being clumsy, not ever playing football, and overall laziness might be too much to overlook for most teams
spring break u
thinking about it
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Your fans are getting out of hand in Seattle Adam!!! We almost witnessed a fight between some 50 yr old women!
you should come too!
“: ": Hello" hey beautiful”how r u
thanks for the RT. God Bless
Via : Consumer insight worth remembering: Consumers aren't in need of 1/4" drill bits, they're in need of 1/4" holes.
I'm leaving :'(
From a friend (): What's your 12-man Team USA roster?
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. Aristotle
Hey! Can you follow me? I'm new on Twitter!
#TebowTime F off Big Ben go strike out with college girls in Ohio.
DO IT! RT : let's kick some ass, april.
THIS SATURDAY: Butterscotch Baby will be vending at the Indoor Urban Market held at on the 2nd flr atrium 10-3pm
Gearing up 4 #SMILEcon in Dallas Wed speakers include
I think they put those there so people won't notice them and walk around with it on there :0 sneaky people >.>
oh, I would love that but my trip is too quick this time. Alas.
does anyone have the lync or name of the video about jessie slaughter i cant find it
Drinking with and Franky and and other people (;
Ima never let a nigga or bitch disrespect my team.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i care but i don't make enough sense?
thanks for coming into !
I nicknamed my ass cheeks the left and right hemi-globin', respectively.
I now have 25 twitter followers!!!!!!!!!! YEAH!!!!
well hell send her out here, i'll change who she roots for lol
Little over a month!!!
Watching sporting kc in spanish haha
Appreciate, Cherish and be Grateful
I'm alone, and I hope she's unhappy just like me.
Oh gawd. The #Smallville theme. Whenever that comes on I turn the volume up to punish the wife.
Got some new beats.Holla at me.
I Swear, I just wanna #SMOKE to tha bullsh*T
Just picked up "A Thousand Splendid Suns" by Khaled Hosseini... can't wait! Anybody read it?... Thoughts?!...
Are you a badfish too?
I love your website, well done!
Made it to the windy city!
almost forgot, you need to watch the video on my Facebook from the prophet bar… especially Zech's drum solo… amazing…
not kosher, but you're not Jewish so you can eat him if you want.
Watched The Monsterball twice last night on HBO. never ceases to amaze me. X
Hahaha, yeah that is ridiculous!
like its mad at you for not practicing. Temperamental things, instruments.
Wooh RT : Pedroia: 'I really don't know what Bobby is trying to do but that's not the way we go about our stuff around here'
That's it. Quite a list, huh?
Had a lot of fun painting a corridor at the Health and Science school for #engage. Thanks, Sunset!
Is there a disease that makes you hungry every second of your life? Cause I have that.
Lololol i love you
same here but its friday woo!
So looking forward to our FREE FOR ALL FRIDAY SHOW tonight............6-8pst
After 12 years in the workforce, I'm now officially addicted to coffee. CRAP. I resisted for so long!
Well shit happens
do u have holy ghost speaking in tongues acts 238
diabetes making a turnaround - better blood sugars - must be the cinnamon on my morning oatmeal :-)
GUESS WHAT!!! is gonna be at SummerTime Ball, why don't you come along? It's in the UK!xx
Lazy lazy day
Watching movies in bio lab = nap time
and that's entertainment... or is it the power of marketing?
Amazing LesMiz performance yesterday. JMM as Jean Valjean is inspiring.
LOL..Thanks sis RT : Skype lessons with theory, chord voicing, ear training? You're so dope and innovative!! :)
Framing - the context affects the observations and decisions; maybe focusing too soon limits perception; multi-tasking is a myth
Come on down to the Heart of Indiana Run/Walk tomorrow! With spectacular finish at Celebration Plaza in White River State Park.
I will be providing you with more info tomorrow. do well by doing Good
House! Unless something changes before Tue, which is possible
you still got it on lock, keep doing your thing...
So pumped for the cider mill tomorrow!
All Black Everything!
Was there only 4 movies last year that were made??
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people today to say the secret word CRABS to the bartender and your first drink is free.
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, beer garden, live music, xl106.7, silent auction. March 31st Noon to 6pm. Oviedo Mall.
No. Eeyore however...
African Girls Are Cool...But Aggressive
Tomorrow Night: Cape First Worship and Jose Dugand at the Heartland Worship Institute.
"Hello ladies. Soup and salad?! That's all!?" "No, we're splitting spagetti." "That's good. You two enjoy your weekend,"
I'm tryna tell u!
Thursday Jam! $1 Old Mil $3 Powers Shots $5 Stoli Tall Cocktails - Be Here Now!
“: “ #NBAPlayoff #MFFL” Nuggets!” don't make me hurt you. War is on.” I'm coming at you with the Koala bear hug <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
aww I'm sorry. :( anything I can do to help?
oh Grey's Anatomy. Get your tissues if you haven't seen it yet.
TRADE DELMON YOUNG FOR A BAG OF PEANUTS
Why would I pretend not to know such a thing?
saw an eagle catching vents south of Southridge. I hope this is a harbinger of good things for me.
Sitcom rules: if appearing via web chat w/ a group of people, look around as if your computer was made of cardboard... and u were inside it.
thanks Lori! That chat was awesome, look forward to the next one. Cheers!
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, Not forgotten
happy mothers day to all you mommas mommas mommas
hey i'm at school sorry! Haha &its ok :p text me from your ipod. :D or just tweet me
That is not how that game should've ended.
in about an hour hopefully
This is when a mobile hotspot comes in handy.
Always feel free to email with any questions you have. Hopefully that meathead can answer them.
DiverseWorks is looking for volunteers to help w/ painting & prep work for the gallery. Contact Jon at if you can help.
No, but I could possibly arrive Friday and leave Sunday, just to meet some folks.
You have trapped him in a sexual spell.. but i respect that.! LMFAO xD
Private Practice has me and my mom bawling.
Just about done with this working in the evenings and on the weekends crap.
Happy Birthday Bobby from Jim and Mari Carswell!
Great article reminds me of "Positioning" by Al Ries and Jack Trout...we can't be all things to all people...focus, focus, focus!...
I love YOU
That last sequence should be in Rondo's HOF highlight reel. Incredible.
Just tried catching me some river monsters!!
At the dentist! Ahh!
In most cases, people want to network with you not because of your talents but because of your connections
They need to adapt to new tech to survive RT : Ok this is what he means: Newspaper, Magazine and TV sales are down.
Herman Melville~ We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibres connect us with our fellow men.
Never go to the second location with time-traveling #Alcatraz escapees.
Yep it's 6:10am, I'm awake and ready to get this day over with. Why the rush? Because I'm performing tonight 7pm with L&G!!!!!!!!!!!
What to do, what to do.... Patio is a must:)
you're going to have beat some bitches please
Also, just to throw this out there. I really like the new Kettle Chips commercials. "They Love Them"
Practiced some double-bass today and remembered why I gravitated towards jazz instead of speed metal.
Ring-sitting with on the way to wedding rehearsal
i was under the impression that he knew his show was getting cancelled soon from crap ratings, so he spoke freely on his last days
The eye of the liger...
We’re always looking for ways to improve the enrollment process, contact with any suggestions!
Big idea 9: Mifflin Area Reenergized: include a midblock 'urban lane'. Adding dwelling units.
I gave it up in December 2009 when I moved into my own place, I have not had it since and do not miss it at all!
the possibilities are endless!
Thanks for sharing! :)
Delegations have ended for tonight's Board Meeting.
(AP) -- "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening reveals the Springfield in Oregon as the basis for the hometown of his characters.
Well, let them line up someone else! :)
“: I don't wanna break my $100 bill. #firstworldpains” THIS
my face arms and feet are dark.. But my kegs are so white
the crossover front pant: cross between a skort and harem pants... anyone know the fashion term for this silhouette?
More exciting is that my panel is the warm-up act for a keynote by 9th Circuit Chief Judge Alex Kozinski.
Rondo 1st with trip doub after missing prev game
Coming thew Laurel..
How I started? A skin care line. My grandson added: All Natural. 3 years ago, research began, beautysnatural.com was born, then tested.
I dunno... can't I be a "custodian of things" *and* a "purveyor of concepts?" I like both.
o i am sorry what happened :\
ya well ur house is so huge I would lock myself in my bathroom hahaha
For years I've heard that I'm so mature but I'm really just a kid. I never asked to grow up and lose my innocence so soon
Yes, is a wealth of information (esp. about Twitter) and a master curator in my book! :)
: love hanging w geek squad at #aasl11 Learning Commons with Woot!
#20thingsaboutme I think I have ADD...
when you get dress you gotta try on like 5 different outfits before you say okay this is the one..
30 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
I was in love but fuck it.
You easily forget, so you have to try hard to remember.
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dangerousbacon
In NBA heaven. Good series for Bulls - Celtics!
good morning miz
TRUTH RT : More than a little disturbed by notion that the US military should be institutional model for the rest of society.
#thebachelorette Wow! Some of these guys are really creepy..
thank you. The support has made all the difference, and I'm so grateful.
Everyone wants someone that completes them or at least someone who can temporarily fill that void #life????
I don't even wanna see my anatomy grade
The difference between those who change the world & those who don't is that those who do believe they can.
No more Ms Benz ;) Julie's now Mrs. Orosco o.O
so i was listening to dead man's bones while shaving my legs....bad idea, i kept getting goosebumps lol
for sure man (:
no I mean crying when you get tatted lol of course it does more painful than a tatoo
that sucks! I was in the hospital for a few days after they removed it. Their testing is awful, at least it was at Swedish. Hugs!
Slingin' joe at Lucky's Cafe from 12-5. Yes, I am living in the 1950's.
A glass can only spill what it contains.
The INDIANA STATE FAIR is in full swing! What is your favorite part of the fair? The animals? The rides? The concerts? OR - all that wacky..
I'm Watchin' Top 10 Plays & There's No Basketball Plays On The CountDown It's The Play-offs wtf is goin on?
He said, "Thats coo wit me thats what I want" ;)
Get this work night over with and first thing in the morning we are headed to NOLA can't wait
Hey guys! Help me get to 1000 views on youtube! We can do it! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Wow. What does that feel like? :)
Redesigning my website again. I know, it's a sickness.
The weather right now >
Q. Why did the stoner cross the street? A. His dealer lived on the other side.
Roll of Thunder, Wait 'Til I Get an Umbrella
couldn't find that one in English but ill be damned if that isnt better
And back to bed I go --> lucky bed
Congratulations to and on your key roles in leading the 3rd year Big 10 Pub A's to their first Championship!
Are you going to be in Chicago this summer?
I gotta holla at jen to finalize everything
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx1
he's lying.
RT : You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. – Les Brown
I CANT WAIT TIL IS IN INDIANA IN.JUNE
The Glory by Kanye West
Need help linking facebook BUSINESS page and 4squre. Do not want link to personal page. Help!!
4th & Washington, if you ever want the full experience!
Dear spikael, is it possible you could like go into a magical time macchine and come out 3 years older? Sincerly, yo favvv couga
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
What a lackluster game. On a sidenote, welcome back to Chicago Kyle Orton! Sorry about your finger bro... #BearDown2ndHalf?
Good looking out =]
bought 1D tickets the other day for next year and i didnt tell my mom i got them... surprisee!
Oldest daughter just discovered that Blue is a girl. It is blowing her mind.
Michael just tried to make me play his guitar aw I MISS HIM
I like how you text back
Damn just another friday night! My body hates me at this point
Just watched the first 2 episodes of Paul Reiser's new show on nbc.com. Those didn't actually get on the air did they? Awful.
Britney Spears is joining the X-factor, good luck that show's a loser !
DJ MIGGL at Chi-Cha tonight
i saw your video on worldstarhiphop.com. You r doing yo thang gurl!!!
Listening to baby music on the way to Anderson.....
#That LOOK you give your friends when someone ATTRACTIVE walks in the room. #IwantYou!
lol nothing much April how you been?
Since when did Baylor get so good in everything
Happy Hour 4-7pm, $2 Domestic Taps, $3 Rails & Thursday means Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
is telling the truth! Many of my fam and friends r uncomfortable and I know preachers who will preach against this.
did you go to the North End?!?! That's where the pizza is
Wow!!! My Angels sign Pujols!!! Can we please get some starting pitching now?
just had all that! Ha.
One last hour...of The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show....it was a good run
All-Star game about to take a back seat to Kenny Powers
Giuseppe's Pizza in both Palm Springs and Cathedral City CA have come on board 10% off Do you have your Diversity Platinum card yet?
Had a good time in Sacamena last night seeing pals and Janet Dawson.
12 miles in weather that was not as warm as advertised. #runstreak day 114
Don't miss our exciting Calendar with casting directors from NBC L&O SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT & more at BTS. Limited seating on many of them.
I am all aus of tictacs, but the lavatory only sells CONdoms !!!
Millly Resort 2012 collection: classic ideas done very well. So chic!
Nothing much. Just jamming to my Whitney Houston/Michael Jackson Playlist while working on my web series show.
Had a most excellent meeting with , , last night! Great stuff coming for !
I wish.. but it'll all work out in the end.
I'm sure there are. Still -- two houses?
At a gallery earlier today I asked about printing my B&W photos on canvas. I then saw the new art at Cafe Fiore! Photographs on canvas.Nice!
In case anyone forgot about Jerry Meals, ROOT Sport just replayed his jagoff call. Yes, Jerry Meals, Pittsburgh still hates you
Knock knock... Who's there?... Orange... Orange who?... ORANGE I am wearing to church on Sunday because im a Starting Point Volunteer!!!
We're sending you positive energy for your job interview on Monday!
Damn this week is flying by. It's already hump day
I made it up. It actually wasn't my first idea. We were almost called Angry Red Stick, but thought it was too long
you always take naps
Magic booster draft in 30 minutes! $15.00 Come on down! Hope to see you there!
Please don't give me a lecture on responsibility again
whats good with it.
If someone calls you uncanny, it probably means you're a mutant..
-_- I Just Wasted All That Water. Now Im Mad
say it ain't so Miss Bee, say it ain't so.
Getting ready to party at the dragons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits. So come party
Was just talking to someone about Zingerman's last night. :)
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
Ok, who shoull win The Voice?
World Book Day! I'm celebrating by writing and reading ... pretty much what I do every day, but today I'll do it with a bit more !!!
Debra, that is totally awesome--you deserve it!
That you have good taste. Obvi. And also that you want me to have as many nightmares as you will now have.
blew my mind today in our heated discussion about social meaning. I hope he stays in the field...
yea. I'm really sorry about that man. I didn't anticipate my roommates being so cheap. I'm gonna try to get Internet soon tho
Plant a tree on earth day <E> <O>
I wanna see this cartwheel when I get there lol
I'd kill for a mcmuffin! But these apple slices will have to do. Big workout today
By wearing Green today you're doing more. It's the color of Heart Energy, Growth, Potential & Mother Earth; celebrate it all #stpatricksday!
Nah, I'm not. I'm just the only one who realizes how Fi-ON you are. Be patient he's coming.
We'll always have our lobstery sunburned skin to remind us of this glorious weekend, Seattle (always = till Wednesday, then peeling)
TO ANY ENTREPRENEUR: "The better work men do is always under "Pressure" and at Great Personal Cost! BY W. Carlos Williams" ~ Go Xtreme~
Doing brief research to catalog a photo & discovered that until 1950 7Up contained lithium. Guess that's where the "Up" came from?
ben: "stop crying. your going to make me cry and i cant cry at a fashion show."
I LOVED IT!<3
Economic development? Start dev with cityscaping from Henderson and Day. Wilde is about jobs but unclear plan.
Always do what you are afraid to do. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Q4 Survival has always been popular (ex. The Giver, The Hatchet, Island of the Blue Dolphins). The genre has grown in past yrs.
The choir looks bored
Movie recommendation is Justin Long in "Jeepers Creepers"
you that looks good because I am full as a tick fresh off a dog & I would still eat that right here, right now.
that just makes my skin crawl.
My dog is trying to catch a fly..
Yeah, it was great to see you again, IRL. It's been a while!
so the ice cream turned out really tasty, but I realized this morning that it didn't include any ginger!?!?!
#Spotted: zipping across the quad in a scooter
*Attn* Send request to book / Francoise for venues, events, songwriting, hooks- available nationwide bookingfrancoise
Gary Indiana. So solid
what's the SnapBack Of Choice today?
Lookin like it might be a white christmas in Chicago
I said all along that City would bottle it and Utd would win the title again. It was in their hands and they are falling like so many others
Take me from everything i couldnt leave
whered you hear that
#alleyboy needs to go a little harder ...
Hawthorne Burgerville is currently hiring hourly team members...if your interested come by and fill out an app.......
who is your boy Oscar gonna pick today to win the game?
Today, a couple lovebugs fell down my shirt.. one got stuck between my boobs.. they died. The other made it out alive.
I CAN DO IT LIKE A BROTHAAA, DO IT LIKE A DUDE, GRAB MY CROTCH, WEAR MY HAT LOW LIKE YOU.
Making friends over STUPID boys >>> #GoodFeeling I'd rather have a friend for a long time, then a fling for a week!
follow me<3
Super Excited about TONITE - - Own On Deck. #GoodTimes Ladies!
That's a remarkable anecdote, David. Nice you had the chance to meet Ogilvy IRL
I love greyhounds & whippets as much as I love pitbulls. If I didn't have three pit mixes already, I'd have another whippet.
A lot of people have been saying that doesn't come out and greet fans after shows! Ask him why please? :)
please please please tweet me back it would make my night your amazing and adorable so please notice me <33333
breeze - quiet - cats chillin - "Songbook" - now birdsong - catching up w;/ tweeps - doing what I do - whatever I do today -
Got tickets to see #neversaynever3D tomorrow!!!!
Best show i seen in a long time!!--> SOUTH BEACH TOW #OMG!
OMG he died?
right, cuz I would of took my person with me when I left the table!
Haha, it's not really a thing :). But maybe it should be... I think a Kickstarter project is in order.
so, THOMAS THE WANK ENGINE, is trending, i bet hes a friend of seamon staines! ahh the captain pugwash character that never was!
you aren't following me so I can't DM you back but sent you an email yesterday did you receive it?
always #TrustYourCrazyIdeas RT“: I hope the big ideas I'm coming up with can be a part of everything yal do!”
hahaa aai Cameron well what color do you like . ? O.o
Some people laugh at my jokes but I laugh loudest. I wonder if this means I think I'm funnier than I am or I just have a loud laugh
11 more hours and
Dear #occupy movement: Way to build credibility, morons.
Provide more = expect more for us & our patrons
Got respect for Dave Fleming flat out saying the runner was out.
If I don't wake up. I want to be cremated. ashes spread with my grandparents, and then snorted by those who truly loved me
Aw You Sure Did :D Thanks Ava !
fukin mr. b want my ass on twitter huh lol
I feel incredibly lucky to have such amazing friends (siblings included).
We're growing everyday! & you can get some coffee via LevelUp at Deli and Cucina Liberta :)
it was a woman...
Holyshit Grey's Anatomy?
Attending the conference call with the Louisville chapter at Sullivan college-how do we get from today to where we need 2 b
Thanks for mentions and RTs
Took my parents to the park today, it's all about quality time.
“: Playoff Basketball ... Nothing quite like it”<<u see OKC killing?
oh goody! Much happier now ? Yes let's schedule a date! Let me know ur budget
I think your brother was in my class.
I didn't have a ride ....
Gotta love the way the youngsters in chicago dance. W that bounce. My city got soo much
you should check out/register with if you havent!
& THAT is how you do a superhero movie! The best one ever, your move Nolan & Webb!
Come hang out with us this Sunday at Galleria Mall in Houston, then afterwards a sweet show at Fitzgeralds in downtown htown :)
This is USA healthcare: A "doctor assistant" says foot not broken BEFORE he looks at foot or asks where it hurts, he SAID he looked at xray.
It's the sordid fanfic-writing past, I think..
"I still have your underwear." "Well I still have your virginity. "
I just LOL'ed
k, I hope youre right
thx for the #FF mention! have a gr8 weekend!
# Oprahlivetweet I love the land and the accent
I will try and find you a link to the place when I'm not so lazy. ;)
VIDEO: Jim Tressel Begins New Job at University of Akron
News newbie? Could that be a "newsbie"?
We've eaten, eaten well, and are back to work. (Did I mention we're composting? Greenest #thatcamp evar!)
lol and the ladies... ;)
If there was a candid camera that caught the sh*t show of me trying to carry packing boxes into my building, you'll be seeing the footage.
..as I just said via my reply! Moseley- let's find some new biz love soon!
True! RT: If a #Libra never calls, nor call or text you back, your behavior or personality may have rubbed us the wrong way.
lol ya i follow back
"Please refrain from using any further obscenities in the presence of these people."
Thanks for the RT! Please keep spreading the word. God bless you!
Stand-up Strategy: Threaten audience to put commercial song jingles in their mind for the rest of the night unless they laugh
done with the B.S finally got things flowing in the right direction
But that family portrait including the old man was not a military photo.
Congrats to #Artown attendees for diverting 73% of July's waste in Wingfield Park thanks to single stream recycling & composting!
So don't forget me when he doesn't treat you the same, don't bother calling when you realize you've made a mistake.
The little miss skipped her afternoon nap and went down at 6. I suspect she'll awaken just as I fall asleep tonight. She's got her own beat.
He's here.
haha it's true bro lol
The sun, the sun! Austin, you're looking a lot better today. Now, somebody tell my neighbor to stop hammering metal in his garage.
Candy Cane Cruise tonight with and we are so excited to have live on board!!
Still speechless after that finish
#Team heat lets go <3
If your employees don't understand your #brand, the world won't either.
Hello Twitter, Its FierceBy Justina! Modeling Photographer & Consultant try & Keep up!
I'm taking my son ! See ya there! RT : see u at comic con"
Will be featured tonight with Payote at Harvelle's in Santa Monica...See you there!!
They made the Devils/Panthers game at 8:30 so they can air the Sens/Rangers game at 7? Such BS! I have to get up before 6am for work on Fri!
HAHAHAHAHA, love it
Yes he is!! Loved watching him drum in Full House!
I'M BORED. ENTERTAIN ME.
Happy Monday! We open tomorrow at 11AM.
I'd rather see the players decide games, not the refs. Too many unnecessary, quick whistles at the end of games.
Madison police Chief Noble Wray estimates crowd reached 35,000 to 40,000 outside Capitol at its peak at today's noon rally.
Weird numbers are always calling me.
Well, I certainly appreciated the way the left respected Bush. ROFL. Your logic is stupid.
yes ma'am!
I agree android sucks.
we're so happy to hear that! thanks for the kind tweet!
Well it may b winter in chicago but it feels like spring n vegas :-)
Since a Very Potter Musical has been invented Someone should make a Very Drarry Musical that would please me greatly.
I'm not logging on for a week. the numbers from yesterday are too high and one day off may not make a bit of difference.
After a whole year, I finally got to see the ending of cinderella man that we never saw in american history last year
Please don't text and drive. Kthnxbai.
I was worried too much time on the computer was messing with my brain. :(
It is 7:30 at night, I always forget the time zone difference. I'm getting so long in the tooth that 7:30 is almost my bedtime.
haha I know I'm just thinking im in Bolingbrook hanging out with Julio and Brad, I had no idea that's where this all went down.
biggest loser this season, chocked full of drama
Happy Birthday to new Kastle , who celebrated with a qualifying win over No. 5 seed Kateryna Bondarenko at the !
Nassau Co. police ofcr. is out of surgery after a bullet discharged from his gun breaks his femur. Docs inserted a titanium rod in left leg.
Road kill surprise
I don't know what I'm suppose to be doing right now..
At San Diego Latino Film Festival. ¡Muy bueno!
Hells yea still growing, im tired today but ive officially have 2 weeks left exactly till weigh-ins,
yea he was, only dude that went at Omar hard body
this snow is much more than I expected! Crazy!
I know me too. I'm about to call Glen myself lol
Listening to The Planning Puzzle: Integrating your Strategic Plan and your Technology Plan
Happy !! If your're out here, look for the #MASHUP guys!
sorry bout that. slipped my mind with all this debt ceiling debate...
and I have two video clips for you. I don't have any editing software for them but I can send them if you wamt them
TGIF, want to wish all my dear friends an awsome weekend, hollywood, venice beach and santa monica pier next week new noho resident yeah
Beautiful thunder + lightning storm in Portland, OR. It's warm, 70's. Hawaii, northwest-style.
were comin close to finishin up the Mayhem Nation Mixtape "Money Talks". im also busy workin on my solo cd "The Best Of Both worlds"
They both put up 20+ against the same teams earlier this year. I'd go Vick. He's more of a play maker
Happy Birthday!
When your bank says no, Champion says yes.
Check out a great guest post on my baby boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Do you have any procrastination horror stories? How did you get back on track?
MAJOR #PetPeeve #BrokenPromises . .dey get NO PLAY around here
We are still here at #remaxr4 and have the wonderful opportunity to listen to the inspiring stories of and
wonder if you are in the car next to me! I #feelyourpain!
I want
s/o to the people that support me, an fucks wit my music!
YUP!! Nicely done!!
ME TO
thank you (:
I should of got up earlier today
Finish off the night w/a greasy sandwich or a garbage plate
RT On that note, I guess I will do my daily self-flagellation and go exercise.
It's been awhile since I've #libchat-ted. Peeking in tonight, even if I'm a little late. I'm Nicole, special librarian in Indy, btw.
At Ricardo's pizza on the south side in green dale village.., great stuff!!!
Always looking for a list of good children's book pubs.
I agree. But we need to address that DT hole or else we'll have teams running down our throats all year.
No shit, my mom just shuffled.
Ohio's March #unemployment rate will be released Friday at 8:00 am.
yes we all need to go to Nunzi's. It's always empty and it's too good to go out of business.
thanks for all the promo :) sorry, we went awol. we're back, so there will be tons of new shit for your beautiful ears <3
Yes! They show great classics. FMJ was on there last week and now that seems to be on every channel lol I think its on TCM now!
adding TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME to my list too!
I get twatched,
Out of #balance w/
I wish Syracuse had a Trader Joe's.
why aren't you going..?
Just placed an order for a boatload of equipment via public wifi in here we come!
RT: NANCY PELOSI "God Bless them" referring to #OWS endorsed by Communist Party and Nazi Party- nice company you keep Pelosi
Nope, I was at my desk at that time. I do have a doppelganger, apparently.
Whoa, the last time I was this excited for a George Lucas-produced movie I was sorely disappointed and wanted to jab my eyes out.
Im about to grab something to eat,watch a movie then its back to work! x) catch yall later.
another long day I...I need to decompress
Harold, do you think my take on the numbers make sense? I'm kind of a publishing outsider.
We have locally screen printed shirts displaying, "You are nothing without feminist art." Sizes hot and plush.
Once u got to know him, Osama bin ladin was actually a nice guy
lol I'm tired of the word
hahaha not so fast!!
Sleepy time:)
Excited for my mom and brother to finally make it out to Austin this evening
I dream of some day working for you, my dear
that's just an embarrassment to anyone with a computer. Yikes.
I personally think he's a douchebag.
Thanks man . I apreccaite it
Did the elevator smell like Drakkar Noir (then you know the culprit!) or are you just bringing your work home with you?!
just for education
what do you mean?
I need sleep
4/28/1788->Rochambeau:I wish the affairs of France to be on footing which would enable her to be the arbiter of peace to neighboring nations
The WAVE road team is heading to Scottsdale AZ hanging with and some awesome clients...gonna be a fun weekend!!
I wish I had legendary on my phone or any movie on it but I dont :/
It's Pioneer Day weekend, which is reason enough to go back! Are you going this year or will u be on tour?
Desk clerk just described my Vegas hotel room to me as "smoking optional." "You can smoke if you want to, but you don't have to smoke." Ah.
A culinary event with a twist benefitting the San Diego Council on Literacy San Diego's top chefs prepare dishes inspired by favorite books.
Welcome to the
Let's do it chargers!
if its snows as much as they're expecting..and I don't get to see my bf for the first time in a week, heads. will. roll.
Feel rejuvenated in just 60 #METime minutes by escaping to RT if you visited us today!
When guys look hot in sweatpants >>>>
It's absolutely magnificent<U+FFFD>the creative talent, the colors of the costumes, the dancing, said Karolyn Grimes.
sometimes that is the best thing to do glad to see you on tonight
yess. She's got a lot to learn.
Nothing like a six mile run to end the week...
I think the farmer's market pumpkins were priced low so the vendors could amuse themselves by watching me lug them off.
we will be releasing our first clothing line Early this Year, most likely in a few months!!
Oh I see, they seem to not like the direction I needed to be going in. Back the other way!
lol logan cant spell for shit
First one here... More for me!
Campaign should seek anger management counseling, Will they junk-punch ?
All these children do is actually run around all day
Good morning Tweethearts! The winner of yesterday's #RawnatureBodyTreats Creme Body Wash contest is Congratulations Erica!
2 new pairs of Nike shorts? I think yes. :)
That's hilarious! I'm a 36...should I be proud? ;-)
Bikram yoga today. 'Do not judge your practice.'
Chicken and shrimp on our hibachi!
Words are the most powerful drug used by mankind.
im still online for a while. whats up? (:
RT No matter the circumstances you were born in, you were still wrapped in love while in your mother's womb.... <---
It's ppl in da industry jocking our style & swagg #Damn_Shame B$E™ we been Bang Bangin
Throwing yourself on the bed and then banging your head on the wall -___- <<<
RT : Has anyone used iPads for travel staff? What are your thoughts?
maybe Joe's waiting to use cc as a pinch runner when posada gets on in the 9th. Wow
Thursday will be a preview of the upcoming games and #fantasyfootball help
all the time!
what do u do when your dog shits on the carpet at 2am??
CCHS RT : People asking, How is #MittRomney ever going to win the youth vote? Easy - plenty of kids today are rich assholes!
YOU make it happen Mr Sam Merkle Adams
Sinus infection! Yuck! I feel like the left side of my head is rotting off!
we moved down here a few years back, miss family and friends not the cold and snow, love sunny skies of FLA...
RT : #Rockies vs Dodgers in 2 weeks? Yep I'll be there!! :) Go Rocks!
Can't wait until I don't have to hide behind this smile.
I miss the days of saying with 100% accuarcy "Bubba's gonna win!"
Community strategy model courtesy of The Community Roundtable. (follow )
1st Waterford Lakes Latin Festival performers will be announced in the next week so stay tuned to www.wix.com/waterfordlakes/latin-festival
also, stop by to see and we'll explain how we can help *you* make art... or... anything!
haha oh mother
what's the full story? I'm curious.
mutual admiration society
Musical theater singing today runs gamut from legit to rock. Some MT college programs now require pop/rock audition song.
I don't know what the "fahck" someones deal is #donedonedone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
“Effective teamwork begins and ends with communication.” --Coach K
#God bless the world :)
Good luck to everyone running in the #corporaterun in #Miami!
Stop in today for afternoon nosh: $10 cheese flights until 6pm. The garage door is open, the breeze is warm, what are you waiting for?
I'll be moderating a tweet chat about new media & the contemporary music industry tonight via my work account
writers group. Me at Souths
New Twitter Handle
Trying for vanity url on Facebook, entered cell number to get confirmation code. No response to cell. Any suggestions?
I'll Have Another wins!
Also, what kind of team trades someone DURING THE GAME?RT : Suck it Montreal.
Think I want a bowl of fruit loops
Beautiful day
Gotta get up early tomorrow to see daddy and my grandparents
ok cuz im tryna get rachel to come over too
Doin my hair over Chews so we can put this plan in motion...Watch this tho...
Thanks! RT : Miss live chats Wednesday. Recommend #bizforum and
& me and carlos are talking again c;
I need to go to a concert.
styled to many celebs in last few days of OSCARS ... need some rest ...
Ssshh! I won't say anything if you don't say anything!m;P
i think about it near everyday
#LTBroadcasts "The Pope advised workers and employers to practice charity and exercise a fraternal spirit, one toward the other" (5/15/31)
....you in your own head lol
Thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
I deactivated my account. And it shows its still on but I'm not getting on it
Hi David, sorry will miss you at PathNorth. I was really hoping to meet you there. Love your book and recommend it to my students
what are you serious what grade do you have then?
3 goals in life:love God,make this soccer dream happen,and take out for dinner n a movie...ambitious but overall a solid list
RT : Welcome! My clients love Miami! Looking forward to working with you!
totally forgot about 80's themed Zumba Party tonight ! what to wear, what to wear ?!?!
Gentry hates talking about must wins, but we've finally reached that point.
Develope your style and dont worry about being like another, be you! that's what makes us unique.
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.
Who are the best NHL players to follow
Just downloaded #picplz to my Android phone. Get ready! :)
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must work together in coalition to share networks, resources, and tools to improve
You don?t have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things ? to compete. You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reac...
#TheEnemyOfMyEnemyIsMyFriend is my delemma- cardinals opening weekend vs cubs... as a #wisconsinite i'll say it this weekend only #GoBirds!
Yeah. That was pretty much *the* low point in Pryor's career.
#BoyztoOrlando ? Yes? No? Maybe?
hey Ben can you give my house of blues new Orleans cd release show a shout out tonight? Next Friday April 6th $10
That's how we do #VOLTRON HAPPY BIRTHDAY NIGA
omg, that cake looks so tempting!!!!
just out....Lausanne CLOSED!
people really kill my mood today
Close Ties documentary airs October 22nd and 23rd on WDSU (NBC).
Oh, but that's why you like me :)
retweet if you think austin has swag. ESP IN HIS WHITE SLIPPERS.
- ms. Hanna you KNOW that never happens;-)
awww we wanna see that...now and I are discussing our parents' mortality
The stylist today had a mustache and a beer belly. One rump roast away from being my butcher.
writing an final exam paper for my Jewish studies class -_-
I want to swim with dolphins.
However, the Bucks' end-of-the-season presser sounded like they thought Udoh was still a bench guy :( Maybe they'd go and do it.
Today is already so boring
Previewing Canada's 2012 World Hockey Championship Team - The Hockey Writers
Our Paducah team rocks! Looking forward to our event there on June 6. Enjoy the weekend, everyone.
If I died today remember me like Malcolm X
5 freaking days until MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE concert!
Loving the groove on "Back in the Day" by Najee my point of view Album
just blew my mind with that contemporary routine :D it was amazing!!! And now voting for you, we want you in the finale!!!
About to head to Charlie's with my special guest star....lol
... and the Twitter app does not update my profile pic from Twitter.
Today is made of the stuff of dreams. Today, I buy a motorcycle. #Vrooom!
Thanks Scott!
Pretty sure nobody's thought of this before: Tony Homo. : Romo Sexual
not a actor but i am a screenwriter..
Ugh bout to leave my house
your a weeny :)
this is so Pimpin!
Great! We'd love to connect if there's opportunity. Would be great representation of Boston as social leader and innovator.
Is it weird that is the only celeb I follow on twitter? It's because I'm curious about her upcoming novel. Probably.
I would forget to get the laundry -______Â£Â£_
So I guess this #MadMen show is coming back tonight. I vaguely remember it from a few years back. Guess I'll tune in.
LOL Naw u just forgot a nigga was breathing
Thanks for the follow back and mention
Up w raging heartburn at 3am... ugh. Baby Fling did not appreciate all that Superbowl food...
His name is Robert Paulson
About to bust this move
Leaving new orleans to clear my restless head
I have no idea who has the momentum here.
we both want to win the contest post that eachother sent eachother to get us started?
Just as u find me 2 be dramatic because of the depth of my sea emotions I find u 2 be heartless because of the shallowness of yours - kiera
Thursday Night at Binkley's Kitchen and Bar: Beer Club welcomes Triton Brewing Co. at 7pm for beer sampling!
Haha! Thank you so much! :)
Bidibidibombom RT : Like you don't jam out to Selena at work...baila!
Dr. Marye Anne Fox, UC San Diego Chancellor is speaking at today!
Is this a Ron Artest siting????
Sweet where do ya live
That awkward moment when your voice over guy at the network misreads your script and says "tranny" instead of "tyranny"
And still featherweight champion of the World...Jose Aldo. Awesome win and congrats to our Nova Uniao teammate.
People keep giving me free iPads. None have actually shown up yet.
We're here at We, The Pizza! Find us upstairs at the big table!
been working at camp randall student athlete project. there is stuff under camp randall that was never known to be there. new turf next wek
Watching a movie :)
I get excited for every Steeler game :-)
People would read it always wondering when the other shoe was going to drop...
Alice on chains? Nice :-)
If you build it they will come does not work in the real biz world! Build it, them market it, then sell it. All this requires a plan
Stop Net Neutrality!! Twitter, don't get owned by the government. It's a trap!
These little desserts at are pretty good. Dolcini? Speak american, dammit.
Had a blast playing with Casanova at Daytona today! Our performance went great! No rehearsal. On the spot!... Main St was insanely packed!
Remember their appearance on Beverly Hills 90210?
• How great to have a shiny new stadium? Unrelated note, I'm a graphic designer. If you ever need anything....
Tanya Clay House of the Lawyers Committee on Civil Rights Under Law has started her presentation.
I knew about the code talkers, but didn' t realize Cherokee were involved. Does that come out in movie? (never saw it)
Chrome, Chrome, Chrome. It's the best...
Late night editing.
“: I miss the Bonham lol”...You know where it's at!!! Don't be a stranger :-p
Cuban's craziness to dismantle the Mav's may haunt them for years ; it'll probably be a awhile before they win another ring! Laker
<U+200E>"Dress for Success" seminar hosted by Christopher Schafer is today @ 1pm at PSA Insurance & Financial Services in Hunt Valley.
Come fast because Our Portabello Mushroom and Sandwich is ending soon! Don't miss out on this great and tasty sandwich and mushroom wedge!
i sound like him when i have a clear throat and not all stuffed up i can sound just like him its so cool
how about Wednesday afternoon? :)
Throw out fad diets & try the diet of MODERATION. That means eat an equal amount of veggies as other foods.
Alaska & Michigan aren't looking good.
I wish I coulda been there but I also gotta talk to youu
Wake up bittcch
thats why i'm fairly broke haha, BUT I DON'T CARE
CRJ is really looking forward to tomorrow's Convention!
retweeted for you
We've got it too. It does hurt. :-( And we are on vacation!
Check some of my tweets, and i just posted a link to a well reccomended book
My family is having a full blown out argument over my sister paying 4 spray tanning..like shut the fuck up there are bigger problems in life
#NP John O'Callaghan - The Bailout (Original Mix Edit)
Rolled over to new web hosting over the past couple of days. Long overdue!
Your ex couldn't beat, I hit it like a freak doe
I wish I could watch sex and the city....
Scroll limit gr8910
Society for American Music conference begins! Session 1d: Children, Music, and the "Mainstream"
yes that's what I'm learning. Specific french Canadian course. It's awesome!
Peter Vermes just asked where was at...
"you can be the king, but watch the queen conquer"
www.Facebook.com/gettogethergirlsthedoc
You're too sweet! Thank you!
At #home being #bored :|
I want to make a porno with you! \(>o<}/
with electric cars all you need to remember is not to stick your tongue on the battery to test.
Talk about a good night for Harvard... Jeremy Lin goes off for 38 in win against Lakers, and the Crimson defeats Penn 56-50.
Not too concerned about trading Quinn Johnson. He had a role but hes not good enough to be on a team that wants to contend for a super bowl
well I don't have 4 teams yet
Recommending storyboarding for mobile apps.
Ooh, have fun! Let the ladies at know that you're visiting from out of town. We love travelers! :)
Adele crying is the saddest thing I've ever seen
not sure I understand question. It's by w de Brailes, artist from Oxford c1250. Creation of eve as in bible.
Idk. It's my first time watching it! Lol.
Finishing yet another song today in the studio. It'll be worth the wait when you guys hear this!
been great so far! Plus I already presented, so now that's out of the way and it's time for some fun!
DM me Jason and I can send you email address
judas is a song, that has hurt me and insulted Jesus & christians around the world, im posotive its not better than me.
it's fantastic! I'd love to see something like that in the U.S.!
Amazing what usability testing can tell you about user search behaviors.
#itsTimeForYouToRealize That you made the wrong choice.
Dont fall for the "american dream" cause its the people the highest up that got the lowest self-esteem
you should follow me today. just a thought :)
Lisa's school project leads to the discovery of a new drug that makes the elderly less cranky tonight on The Simpsons at 5!
I don't even have swimming trunks. Double-you tee efff!
#SpriteSlam Williams for sure in round 2
thanks i will check them out, especially since they are free
thank you (:
what's going on for real
Well if you're from Wisconsin, I am not sure how many weekends in sport could be any better than this one...man that was awesome!
Guillen is still in an orange jump suit, officers put his walker in the trunk
Hates Houston so much! Wish I was in Tuscaloosa with !!!!!!
Don't stop loving it!! ;)RT : stop being so fine!
RT : IT WAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS!! A taco? Really?? That couldn't have been a text?
Did some light jogging today for the first time in 2 months! Time to ice my knee, eat breakfast, and then therapy.
For real. Well maybe not, the bikes were a little expensive. But yes to Colombia and at least renting scooters around Cartagena.
how dare you tweet at me in fash!
Consumer Automotive Financial Services in Emerging Global Markets
Why is it so hot in my house right now? It's just adding to my already bad mood.
It wasn't cold before but now it is!
aww thanks :') you're too kind! You are too girl <3
Right quick bite to eat back to the flat to pack and off to Route 66 and then the blue line to O'Hare for my flight back to California
good night :)
Sitting at work crunching through some stats, I almost shed a tear & felt a wave of exaltation as Spiritualized's new album came to an end.
Wish I could wear shorts to school...it's gonna be SO hot when I get out
Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges? How did J Lo do?. Get the trend going.
Congrats! You won the Wed. drawing for our Bobcat contest. Direct message us your address and we'll the get the album out to ya.
hi there:D please follow back? Xoxo :)
O's / Braves world series....lets go
“: I thought you might think so. ;) But now I have an excuse: "I'm disabled!" #theitcrowd” it was painful watching it but funny.
He unfollowed her back last night, but if I say that's why you don't stay friends w/douchebags who beat you & don't respect you I'm wrong.
anytime! Enjoyed another amazing dinner at Rumpus Room so thank you!
I really wish i had a GF that I can run home 2
Purple or Pink?
Exactly! Ha!
That's the trouble with nests. They always seem to need a bit of tidying up.
Got 30 miles in today to tarpon springs...random day off ;)
I need to lose 30 pounds before lunch tomorrow. Tips?
Thanks that made me lmao
I know I'm not beautiful. So don't call me ugly bc of my profile pic . Atleast I'm being normal and not all duck faced. I Dont wear makeup(:
He gets a dollar for every Yahoo/Bing search query featuring his name. So far, $3.
Hope you had a Merry Christmas!(:
All right. Time to get back to the novel. This plot isn't gonna unfold itself.
Also: www.DirtysLaundry.com directs you to my etsy store now instead of my tumblr! Fabulous.
no more NFL pro bowl.
how is current ?
He's what? 1 1/2 feet taller than you? I DEMAND a photo!!
My little brother just said "asshole" out loud and didn't get in trouble, but when I say "shut up" they get mad -___-
Just rolling in to the meeting at SFPL - should be on stage soon.
detroit tigers mini-bats forever!
but don't you want it to be easy too? like shouldn't you just like the same things and want to see the same shows, etc?
Thanking GOD For Another 24; #Blessed For This Day! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Happy birthday !
Big Congrats!
Why do they use ankle bracelets for house arrest? Just schedule a UPS delivery and you can't go anywhere.
he's a punk coach always was and his offence is terrible
We are currently welcoming to the Book House shelves a large collection of French language titles!
I really need a cigarette but going outside is too much of a hassle. -.-
do the potty dance. But that was really cute xD
haha, nothing says it louder! Get it in today!!
I love the big bang theory.
Too bad the Heirloom Tomato Salad is so seasonal..such a hit! Burata cheese, shiso, squash blossoms m
Bottle cutter? what are you trying to do?
Black Hole Sun
I hate drama!
#FF Wonderful participatory photography projects with youth.
Just learned from a student: "Elephants Got Big Dirty Feet." Way better than "Every Good Boy Does Fine."
Hell yeah #TeamGiants !
hey girl hey :D
really want another family photo too!
David Stern: "the 2011-2012 kia most valuable player...Lebron James" Uncle Gooch: *yells* "Where your championship at!!?" Ahahabba
RT : i love my friends
BTW, the driNET project team includes a librarian: Jake Carlson from Purdue's D2C2 is a co-PI
Bed bed my sweet bed. Cannot wait to be in u in a min
Mav ball practice at 6:30 Tuesday night. Can't wait!!!
THNX. Amazing kids. Amazing stories.
Check out this new bargain website! www.ideeli.com/invite/specialoffer They have great daily specials like Groupon but for clothing & such!
Holy awkward phone call....
Love it! #GoDucks beat #UW by 25 tonite... Love it more when UO student section chants "JUST LIKE FOOTBALL!" #asswhoopin #again&again
u know melo ain't gone ever see A Ring lol
I would have...you were supposed to let me know when you were free miss busy bee lol
Get the fuck away from me.
What would be the ultimate gift for a guy on Valentine's Day?
Awesome; thanks Adam!
Love it when 90% of my twitter dash is about the
Ruffalo made a great Hulk.
When the government tries to impose morals upon me is when I have a HUGE problem. It's civil rights. Period
Im thankful for the beautiful daughter god has blessed me with and for giving me a way to give her the world Happy Thanksgiving Savior!!!!
March 17th, the only day of the year when everybody wants to be a ginger.
leaving out..
Goose bumps.... Bumps on geese
Had back surgery 12 days ago & broke iPhone 3GS a few days after I got out. Popsicle incident. Lol. Up & running again w/ my new iPhone 4!
I look up the score is 95/76. Jesus take the wheel, the Celtics are about to win.
Lady Rollins at the Whistler in an hour or so. See you there?
Really..where. I'll try to check it out.
Thank you to the Harrison Co. early Childhood Council for inviting us out to talk about resources- great group doing great work!
Last week I said heejun was probably goin home Tonight I'll make another prediction. Jus need to c a few more performances.
"I don’t shy away from any opponent. My heart doesn’t pump any Kool Aid, only blood." - Antrel Rolle is ready
I'm a Proud Alum -- commencement Speaker - Brilliant!
I like BIG people ;)
It's official. Vornado season is here once again in MN. Loving my today!
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows
Holy cow VCU won! Final 4! Go Rams! :)
I'm still very professional about my fitness
Dont take on a do-it-yourself project unless u are well trained to handle the job. SMH Some people claim to do everything & look so stupid
Oh, hush!
You guys can take turns!! Haha I hope all of our friends are reading this
History will be kind to me. For I intend to write it. ~Winston Churchill
McDonald's breakfast kind of morning
yo! You should get a custom pair of " laced up" kicks Keep the movement going I respect it..pimpmykicks.com from Cleveland
So I think I'll start using Twitter again if anyone cares. Update: Internship VH1 in NYC. I want a real job. cross training and ice massage
Anyone using paperbackswap.com? Likes? Dislikes? Recommendations for book swapping?
Ok show me what you've got!
When all else fails the word prevails. Pastor Doseck
Paper Economy - A US Real Estate Bubble Blog: ISM Manufacturing ...
A hoody doesn't make u shady, running does, zim was a rent-a-cop for a reason, cuz he is a fat out of shape wannabe that lacks police skill
My #soul awakens dreams too. My #desire is always so, asks for a #kiss and denies the same mouth.
There are some people that are compelled to fill every moment of their life with talk, constantly on the phone, barely seeing the world. Meh
aha yep! so now im very careful to who i give my number too!
I like listening to ALL of OoT's music repeatedly. Especially Gerudo Valley theme, Song of Storms, and Nocturne of Shadow <3
The Game
Um, need to get your friend -_-
Dude! u should like RT this and follow me!!! even if u dont I still adore ya bud;)
almost a 100,000 views bro ! That's a bunch of sick crazy bastards!
you got it. Lets do this afternoon.
Former slave Sojourner Truth, was a powerful speaker for the rights of women and Black people. Celebrate Women's Month.
Douchebag Comm Professor, you have made it very very clear that "rhetoric" is your favorite word...Now stop saying "the internets"
Goodnight beautiful people
great things are going to happen for you this year only to steps(1.) God first and (2.) work hard.. itz the recipe
LOL! Beldar: Maintain low tone, maintain low tones... I used to tell that, recall it being v effective! ;-D
Follow our #CEO at Enjoy words of wisdom from our fearless leader, now in 140 characters or less.
But also sweet!
I'll scream untill my heart falls out of my chest.
my room no longer smells like puke! >>>
Thanks Greg! Glad we were able to help! What make/model did you end up with?
The most difficult thing I have ever had to do is follow the guidance I prayed for. - Albert Schweitzer.
Ashley Young: Great work to get in the box, gets clipped, could fight thru, but chooses to dive & looks to ref for PK. Sad.
Katy perry and lady gaga on the radio, WHAT DID I DO WRONG?!?!?
yes is wonderful.
Hey Your Aweosome!!!! We Should Be Best Youtube Friends!!!!
No don't know that at all. Could just be depression. But if it is the result of brain trauma, makes issue real for another gen
you were only 22 minutes back and you were tapering for a 100-miler. :)
good luck my man. Even though I picked Atlanta, I'm pulling for the G-Men.
Loves giving good news to award winners. Hates sending bad news to losers.
That is awesome
doesn't it seem that the last three years before start of tourney some writer comes out with a negative article?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 56
Yes Ric, you are inept.
How do roaring lions and talking giraffes sound? :)
CBEADLES FACT : Christian road a dirt bike with out a helmet and said' that's how it's done' even though he could of hurt himself. Bahahah
the only thing i liked about new haven was its massive amount of cute dogs. new haven = puppy heaven.
us at the twitter( ur fans) we miss you. when will u be back on twitter?
she said.. I know you bad, but I want you bad
Looking forward to the band interview with
Girl next to us at the bar gets a Fernet shot & a Notch Session. Me, raising eyebrows: tough day? Her: sorta. I just quit my job.
"'Every playboy bunny with the bleach blonde hair' That's !"
We are here LIVE at kicking off the Tweetstream from ! Doors open at 7:00 pm! ^d3
On the plus side, my purchase supported & I found a used copy of Pizzicato Five's "Made In USA" on vinyl which RULES.
At Casino De Montreal again after a day of urban hiking. Not sure if it's because I had so much fun yesterday, or because I'm a total degen.
strongest in Python/Django (plus all the web languages; HTML/CSS/JS)
let me look into it
if peeps hate exploitation at its finest..boycott the Estate of Marilyn Monroe (twitter @ MarilynMonroe) & what they r doing.
A bully at my schhol would lick peoples food, so they would gross out letting him take it to eat himself.
no like legit shit I have no idea how do this math stuff ....
Sometimes I feel bad about eating baby Swiss. It didn't even get a chance to live a full life.
improv with kids, manager meeting, cookin' some delicious Tilapia and then to evaluating plays and writing - yay kinda day.
Looks like i'll be working the #MayweatherCotto undercard!
What's the current fascination with Snow White all about? What does it say about our society right now?
- Thanks for working to make strong connections at the State House for #homeless children and families! Our Policy team=the best!
We're so excited to announce that Eric Kerr L.Ac. will be joining out Acu-team in September : ))
you guys were amazing tonight! I can't believe i actually got to meet you! Can't wait for the next concert!
Crack the code of African American quilts. Dr. Maude Wahlman will clue you in this Sunday at 6 pm. - www.mingei.org/events
Yes, I am giving testimony on the next piece of legislation that will come before the committee.
Happy Thanksgiving! What's for dinner?
Follow her. RT i want 1,000,000 followers. But I'm starting to think thats never going to happen...
iMessage + oversea friends = sheer happiness
Most people do. Lol
I've been exiting the 163 to University for the last half hour. Worse than #Carmageddon?
thanks for the compliment and when you come tonight a round on us!
same here. Great interview. Many blessings to you and yours. XOXOXO
Black Mamba!
You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for the kind words at the #FF shoutout!
S/O to my Lake Shore Drivers
aw do you really?
meepsters meeping in the forest ;P bored at home..
Because only Puerto Rican are Royal.....just playin....sort of :)
listening on way home from Excellent!
You too Rachele!
wes from Friday?!
ugh, this is going to be a complete disaster (though very very very small chance it is genius).
"seems" to be problem - yes - because that's the false, intentional narrative
When you said dodgeball, it made me think of the South Park episode :P
anyone want to do shout out for shout out ?
thanks Bumble!! Hope you're well. xx
bro is my favorite racist dipshit.
I'm excited for the future of Matt Moore.
& your students: thanks for your patience! Hope we stay up for you, especially if you're going to post awesome FunnyorDie videos.
I'm going on June 21, 2013. ;) x
Keep doing what you are doing! Mad support over here at Le Ninja for you!
My 4 and 6 year olds are obsessed with the sndtrk to John Water's film Pecker. I'm waiting for the inevitable "Daddy, what's tea bagging?"
I Am But It Wasnt My Fault !
can you please give a shoutout to me !! and my question is will u guys ever come to hawaii ?? (:
Getting yelled at by my Lil brother is not okay . Just cos I touched his Xbox !
Library evacuated for unknown reasons...sitting across the street waiting...
Rumor: Nick and Kevin are at #SummerBash supporting Joe's first solo performance.
We honor You, We praise You, we worship You, we glorify You, we give thanks to You .... ("Gloria in excelsis Deo") Glory to God in the...
for this sunday?
Planning a novel set in 50s Winterfell about a sexually sadistic journalist tracking down a Scandinavian hacker whose photo he saw in Iraq.
. has a great show. Glad he's taken more control in recent years... Very fresh format and production. Kudos to him and his team
Girl. all I see in that picture is hair and titties. haha. I love it. =P
Got to the barber at 745am and I'm still looking at a 3 hr wait. Funny thing is, dude has hands so it's worth it!
u Yup u know it p.s dont know what 2 wear need help
The Conservatory Crossing will be here through January 8th. $3, (Closed Sunday, Jan 1).
Ohh well I have no idea what I'd post. lol
Obama&#39;s Remarks at the White House Correspondents&#39; Dinner
by : Put Glen Davis's brain on casualty list of Dwight Howard's elbows. How long does list need to be before world sees him...
What about Nancy Drew?
Happy Leap Day!!
Last night #CV City Council voted to dissolve the CVRC (redevelopment corp.); it was a good idea at the time, but didn't succeed.
Working on my vignette. Thank you everyone in my 3rd period dumb enough to vote to do it. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
DIRTY LITTLE TRICK starring is on #Netflix streaming? Sweet!
but it's not like we suck...right? *nervous laughter*
Oh, well in THAT case -- it's not that bad! They're not really 'beautiful' anyway, are they?
becauuuuusee I'm just plain off stupid; what the hell is with this Sydney girl? wtf, 1D want HER VCARD?
MT : Honored to again host #usapro. Big welcome to new cities #Boulder #Durango #Montrose & #Telluride. It's a fun wild ride!
and alyssa, and songwriter our manager is just an fyi
You saw them ? :O lucky !
Lunch at The Miami Circle next Thursday!! Food Trucks and Live Music...Cya There!
Emilie Jackson is coming to Share & Grow today and I am so happy for her spunk!
<U+65B0><U+5E74><U+5FEB><U+4E50>!Happy Chinese New Year :D
I'm down with unrepentant stupidity.
Did u know a 12 oz regular soda has 10.5 teaspoons of sugar (41g)! You wouldn't eat that much- why drink it???
what are we doing your home work for you
plz let it b me...lol
his love for me runs deep, but not like, mayorship deep.
what do you think!!!
I was called "Ma'am" and "Old" in the same sentence tonight.
Merry Christmas to all!!! What a wonderful day to enjoy your family and friends. Cheers!!!!!
Two wrongs dont make a right someone has to be the bigger person and realize that!
#sxgpluspages open open open. Please.
Lets get ready to rumble!
#Vikings fans at the Capitol chanting. #Build it!
yeah I guess it is the thought that counts. But next time try to help me a little it early lol.
Should be sleeping.
My room really needs a record player...
was extremely productive today... in order to distract herself and avoid a meltdown.
Lol my dad is a joke.
All mistakes can be marked by borders.
I'm realizing, and learning to accept, that I have terrible taste in music.
On my way home, on the bus widd Andrea.
Hm. Why is your 'Similar To' list always full of unattractives?
you said we were going to, anyways he was happy. ;)
#np. "This Is For The Lover In You" - Babyface.
feeling like a sock in the spin cycle
PPR pick 2 Harvin, Lloyd, S. Smith, or Stevie Johnson?
TSOI-NY squeeked in sold out show at Bellhouse (hint: there r a few xtras at the door still).
Going to BMV, SS card, birth certificate, passport, first born child. One is bound to work, for new license.
RT : A4. By demonstrating clarity, confidence, character and creativity.
Groovshark is being sued at the tune of $150,000/song. I knew this service was too good to be true. Was nice while it lasted.
being *Anti - Social* works for me
...awesome! Thanks for the tip.
So fo I, but I don't advertise it like that!!! LOL
Really excited to fly to #Virginia this weekend. Need some sister/spa time!
Had a really good day today, now time for bed. Goodnight. <3
I think my ear canals caved in.
At mtg this Mon, APD reported they had good leads on the home invasion.
RT : Seeking out at Man Up premier tonight! >>Gr8t meeting u Allison
I've been under a rock. This is sick new knowing they are permanent!!!! #[S]
Good to hear from you - thanks for the follow.
Getting ready for an epic, old-timey weekend. Tenn Street Coffee Friday and then Lyons' Dance Saturday night!
done deal. Follow me to biatch!
ahaha nah man
There goes Adams, but Randle would make a lot of sense and would be a great pick at 60th overall.
what i want to know is what happens when someone is struck by lightning.. that's CRAZY!
No possession can surpass, or even equal, a good library to the lover of books. J. A. Langford -
Thanks for the shout-out John!
"Luck" is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
In DC for the Annual Meeting to discuss the challenges & opportunities for research funding in the coming year
I am way behind on this, but I can't believe Junior Seau killed himself. If this has anything to do w/ potential head trauma...
My husband just made the best spaghetti ever!
Base oil prices are going up .25-.50 cents per gallon june 1st. I have taken 15 wholesale prices increases over the last 18 months
It's a great model, isn't it!
hey beth! yep we are planning to submit. would love to chat. please shoot me an email to . thanks!
Nigeria shuts border with Cameroon to help track activities of radical islamic sect members #BokoHaram via Cameoon Post online
RT my new line! My today was yesterday so does that make my tomorrow today? #fun and have fun with this one!
that made my day!!!
RT : I'll be in Omaha Sat doing pxp for vs on Join me and Doug Marsh. Kickoff at 5pm.
Just a joke - breathe easy ;)
Going to enjoy proper tea with friends on spring break. For more beautiful civility visit
I'd swear our phone just said my son's name and "M.D" when announcing the caller. He must've REALLY picked his grades up this week!
Thanks Gary!! You enjoy your golf day too!!! :)
Truck into train on Sandy blvd at about 135th
can't wait to see you too and for you to get your crap out ma room!! Btw I can't text so if you wanna text me, email me.
The first group of legal immigrants that were selected for visas was "priority workers
AARP's John Rother says "life expectancy not relevant" to Social Security. ZOOMER: Not relevant? Life expectancy is now 20 years longer. Hmm
Listening Too You Saying A Lie But In My Head I Know The Truth ( :
My homework for the summer: personal website. #deepbreaths #twitterpromise Congrats on your can of worms, !
my wife can't stand her..I love her...will you go with me?
I did! Love the pics. :-)
RIP Junior Seau, one of the best linebackers who ever played
Someone TEXT me
designing new unis for a hoops team & wondered. What R the most iconic jerseys(any sport)w/ the # inside of the logo on the front?
If ever I could get away with murder I know exactly who My victim would be
:( RT : Taiji: Dolphins in the killing cove- juveniles amongst them. Dolphin trainers and killers arriving
Who does everyone think will start in net tonight for the Flyers?
Topic ideas: Divorce rate, spousal abuse in military families
so what you're saying is you don't want a hug?
(con't) ... visiting from the Congo, with the African American experience, by traumatizing him. This makes me too sad for words.
I wish you were mine <3
I'm starving!
I'm glad we got'm. He can be key off the bench. We still need one more, but this is solid depth.
We have soul, and that's still fun, but this car, is an EPIC one. Tweet your pic and a weissberger's gift card is yours!
The latest from #smwknd about Facebook & other social media predictions on by bit.ly/smwkndstorify bit.ly/smwkndfriday
Thomas, You The Man, I'll call you in a little while
RT : #NFL games 2morrow #Dolphins at #Falcons 1pm et I know the #falcons will win that 1 #football: #NFL games 2.. http: ...
Good for you!
1D is getting is becoming a big hot with what make you beautiful !!!!!!
Thanks!! I will definitely be visiting the next time I go home! =)
everything is more fun when JiLL's around!
i want to have a murder mystery party
I fucking hate hiccups.
Ending a gorgeous long weekend at Mohonk Mountain House
"Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone!"
You have an amazing butt!!!!
May simply be a case of "too little, too late." Yet, Obama hasn't done much to help his cause w record # of deportations during term.
Oh wow, thanks for the heads up. What type of issues do you have? Did you grab the newest version from github?
Sure thing. I could the rest.
Thanks for the link to the offshoring story. Smells fishy to me! :-)
How is everybody :)
'Morning, all! Welcome back world traveler!
We Mets fans miss ya so much!! Boy I loved your swing!! Your the best Floyd!
Have so much fun tonight! :)
I wish lunch could last forever...
watching the walking dead. why don't the zombie's eat each other? do the living taste better or something? fresh, perhaps? yum.
Can't sleep!
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. -Ursula K. Le Guin
It's true has The Twitter on all day long
what u think bro
Thank you! Sweet of you to say. I've yet to glaze-fire the beads; waiting until I've moved & settled.
looks like we have a few different opinion on this! RT : Fact»»RT : Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
i cant wait to be home tomorrow!!!:D
2 more for 800 please rt spread my word i follow backk? ;)
#Outside you look happy and all put together but on the #Inside your steady falling apart and hurting and you feel like hell!
's house!!
The bump on my back really hurts every time I sit down :( might have to get surgery today :( :(
If all you have is a Cranhammer, everything looks like you could, like, nail it.
Deborah Klochko, directer of MOPA "technology is one pillar of our strategic plan."ex. of leadership integrating tech for achieving mission.
Ended day with a great prep call for panel which I'm part of for #ASC12 next week in Austin. Should be a good one.
Maurice #Sendak, author of 'Where The Wild Things Are,' has died at 83
Good quality brown lenses are best to protect your eyes-keep the energetic blue off your retina. i wear Maui Jims.
congrats!!! Miss you at meeting.
RT : Retweet : Gratitude & Contentment is great gain
Dremt I was in #Vegas last night. Woke this morning feeling like I was.
Adorable idea... Colleagues have been writing names on their food in the office fridge. I am currently eating a yogurt called Debbie.
That call is complete BS. Refs better watch that tape.
Im always gunna have my bestfriends backs. Even if there right or wrong, ima be there.
damn I know :/
FACT:Studies revealed on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven.
dude thats funny as fuck y would u get an old man high lol. fuck dude that shits funny as hell.
Are you doing quality follow up after your giveaways? Launch a Text-2-Win campaign, follow up instantly and directly with the entire opt-in…
The #FitFluential ladies sharing their love from #RBKFITBLOG is awesome! I need a new crossfit shoe, may have to take a look at men's line.
Who is going to sxsw interactive this year and who to gdc?
Wow almost 400 likes in four days! You guys rock..make sure to go to the download here tab above to download every song we have FOR FREE!
#ulcnet love the velocity image
damn thats shady
L26 Jam Sessions continue tonight hosted by and and me. 11 W. 26th St. $10/$5. 930 to 2a. Roy Hargrove MIGHT be there!
Wow, everyone is from big ten… : Big Ten Takeover. Welcome to the Texans #LetsWork”
is he leaning and shooting them off of one leg?
I agree with one of the commenters, it looks like she took an arrow to the knee.
I miss u guys! Come visit :)
same i probaly go to some butt deff going to gabriels.
Get it bro! Arm day for the big man! RT “: Chesticle Tuesday at the gym lol #BOOM”
going to shoot a portrait of LA Clippers' Ryan Gomes with Bob
#wbagala nice job on the Capitol protest coverage. A lot of hard work (and hours) went into that.
Tweet with hashtag #indiefilm to enter our contest! Keep tweeting over the weekend! Prize: 50% off a weekday rental!
great personality.... he got that... intelligent..,. he is that.... my heart.... he stole that
The distortion of taste may cause the diet soda drinker to seek higher calorie foods.
I want to be at Game 5 so bad tonight...
Great seeing & last night at How was your dinner?
Sorry, I meant Good Friday and Easter weekend! My bad! Forgetting what day it is!
U still got my # ?
Lights back on. Now it's awkward because this guy knows I was pooping in the dark.
i like this 'end of the world' thing..great reason to break out better wine, even better food and kiss those who count. Love the kissing :)
watch out in the pool area for the Vdara Death Ray
Now that my evening plans have been canceled, I guess I'll just watch another movie and knit this hat. So pretty much what I did all day.
New favorite song Bulletproof Love by
ps - teach me how to be a gym beast like you!
gun reviews . Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
I have 2 Pens tickets for sale for tomorrow's game vs the Rangers. Let me know if you want them.
that's probably true. I'll shake it off :)
RT : "If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby." #K**Y20*2
Saves the inning again.
#kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
I have been getting broken links today from the site.
no he's been quiet lately.
Time to curl up and read the latest issue of Now if only the weather would play along...
Let's try that again. The second day of the #Summit 2011, the very last one, is just getting started.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WHATEVER: our way of saying FUCK OFF!
I need to order one of those Oakland University sweatshirts.
Happy one year and four months
Amazing music by tonight at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2, 7pm. You will be blown away at the musicianship of these gentlemen.
Don't be a fear thinker... Be a faith thinker
": #Sagittarius likes to go shopping."
Off to a good start! Already 2 dogs in purses - we'll be keeping count all day
Except for Ricky Martin's bleached skinny jeans, right?
People in Alamogordo saw Ronnie Chavez, 55, hoist a large dog in the air by its leash—the dog frantic, the man unmerciful, the dog now dead.
There's a guy here wearing a Scuds jersey.
I just dropped some major <U+4E2D><U+6587> knowledge on
Haven't been in Forever!
great selection of articles in the iOcean! Grazie for including my post!
Tough Mudder looks terrifying! is down too. What day are we doing? Let's do the recommended workouts together plz!
how r u?
ok so i'll read them :)
pretty sure the whole team is feeling this way right now. I wanna die. I'm like grumpy.
I am getting Spotify just for this!
Guess who's verified on twitter?
Not worried about who we have to replace Gamel. Ishikawa, Conrad, Hart, we're fine there. But I am pretty bummed about him.
I believe its all your fault lol, what part of town you staying on?
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
blogging about it soon!!
Man, 19, off to prison for street race that killed friend
Let's Go
2mor nite I"ll be hosting Mon Nite Football party at Park 52 Rest-5201 S harper in hyde park! FREE! drink/food specials & prizes!
Are you on Facebook? Connect with us there too! www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
New York City, I'm comin' for ya in less than 48 hours!
I need a good motivated app developer Where are you?
Hmm was corrected to Buckhingham, ON (valley) - which is why we felt it so bad here I guess - not far
Team Meat.
That sounds interesting. I think I wil give it a try.
What's up?
Hahah okay ! nothing is happening
I can only watch this nigga play UFC for so long.
Pan lab Lev
Congrats to you and your family!!!
Still feel like death warmed over. Attempting spin later, because I hear exercise is good for the immune system. I hear what I want to hear.
Me giving up on my hopes and dreams
Just did week 5, day 3 of #c25k with !
I got chick dat really like me would have put da dick up on her but i had to catch a flight
I love you baby!
Smelly people in elevators suck
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
yeah he will
It is me shooting - good catch :)
Excited to check out Almost Atlanta tonight in the Garage!
Happy Holidays all. Eat well, and then go see the Artist.
Getting ready to hear 's Peter Linneman speak at the University of Baltimore #real estate
man, i had no idea. thanks for sending
you're sweet.
Just submitted my absentee ballot...with one vote for #honestart!
I bet when one of my "friends" need a track or song produced, or some studio time, they know how to find me then.... Smh!
hey u can write fo me lol
Never be ashamed to be an exploding supernova amongst brown dwarves.
LOL prove my point even further.
how come everybody else always fucks up and tries to blame me
It does show the world how much of a pussy he is. I'll check out your music. He tried the same fraud no hit single shit with me
RT : Designs can be curated too (dont we imitate/reuse when it works?)
He who has achieved success has worked well, laughed often and loved much. ~Elbert Hubbard
that sausage pizza I made tonight was god!
Your welcome. Have a great week.
Gareth Williams verdict: unanswered questions
I am totally listening to right now. She's a fucking rockstar.
Kennedying (n.): The act of partying at night, then rallying through the next morning and completing important tasks.
Life is pretty good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i guess
Ah that'll be awesome! Can't wait to see your posts on that as I've never been. I'm currently in Cusco :)
wow, today has been so great!
I am so addcited to Pinterest!
i was at home talking to my girl the whole time bro
one more question does she have a twitter?? Or what's the link to her tumblr??
Doing a thing well is often a waste of time.
Excited to announce that I am interning at the Cape Cod Times this summer! [And then spending three weeks in London after haha]
Maybe important people only come into your life when you are in need, and after that, they Just fade away ...
it would have been cooler if I did.
Tom Reese, SJ speaking tonight at St. Ignatius Baltimore on #ElectionValues! last Woodstock Series lecture of the season...
Another reason for me to not watch. The phone call scene between them in the finale pissed me off so much.
JT scores three goals in 3 minutes! Parent pride!
M.. Did yu cook it & if so, What did yu make?.. Lol. & I'm just chillin right now
Oh no! Too much crazy in one area!
aww thank you!! :)
This is the first time I have been on my website where the background wasn't there, just wondering if that is normal.
She knew what's up.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
We will be open Christmas Eve, and New Years Eve!
•Don't be a Woman who needs a Man.Be a Woman that every Man needs•
RT : If I'm going 2 keep eating Chipotle while I drive, I'm going 2 need 2 steal 1 of those giant X-ray bibs from the dentist.
Being not nice to some Romanian
i havent been able to come on !! i miss you all
We gon TURN UP the #SummerHeat this weekend w 5/12 LIVE at
House Party
It's 6AM and our baristas are ready to serve. Stop in for $1 coffee or $1 off espresso drinks until 7AM.
Too serious? You're sense of humor is retweet worthy!
That Did Turn Me Off lbvs .
Thanks for the shout out, Gary!
I could do nights sheetz date the next two days! And before 330 on sunday or after 9....please, please, please!
Hi! :) I'm Megan. You guys are amazing! <3
I feel so awkward .___.
On my way up energy fitness
Greeny's Jet Fandom is coming through. Bill Belichick is no way NEAR Tortella's disdain for the press.
it's all in 'the secret'!! yes miss nunn, I am a believer!!
please follow me OKAY?
Wishing I had the energy I did 5 years ago when we bought ! Restaurant years = dog years^2. Eff.
On my way home from Vegas! It was an amazing trip but I'm really excited to sleep in my own bed again!!
Did they live to see the next day? :D
Why does every body want to be a playa and a pimp but they have no dam idea how to be one.
Help us make #StreetVendorFundraiser even greener: use sustainable transpo! Ride the #620bus, cycle the 1st St #GreenBikeLane, or use...
ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO
In the green room waiting to be on funemployment radio. Surprisingly not green.
www.FlapperGirlSings.com Hope to see you at the Allerton Wednesday night and the *Chicago Jazz Fest* Sat b4 our gig that night @ Allerton!
Interesting, is idea to use nostalgia to get people to think positively about the product and remember brand loyalty? Thoughts?
my ankle been fine. Its my shin/calf now
I can't believe I was playin TightEnd and ran the ball at practice today!!!!
Lawyerist Happy Hour Meetup in Chicago, 4:30 p.m. Thursday at Kitty O’Sheas (in the Chicago Hilton)
love all the Campbell love! have to make a pit stop to u as well.
Not feeling like myself today...#Grrr!!
#DCmusic tonight! at bring on the twee!
hey my girl where u been
My Niggaz Out Here Wild'N! ..U Can Duck! ..Or Get Wet!
I don't know about you, but I'm pumped for X-mas. STC has a festive "Christmas Sampler" droppin Dec. 1st. Don't miss that!
Drinking all my pain away nd drowning all my feelings out. #fuckit take it to the head.
Unemployment predicted to hit 20%, Inflation runaway, Euro to collapse, GNP down 3% the Dow Jones rose 300 pts due to good Koolaid sales
its okay.. I'm pretty in real life.
I'll send a pic on my nuts in a nuns mouth, we will get her good side
hey lyndah how can I order that shirt
RT : How do you get patients more engaged in health? Its not a single app. Its needs to be a social movement.
Haha oh shit! Remember that one time, last night occurred?! LOL You're such a trooper :D
I don't even know what to type about my topic!!
Reason 21: #indiana's state govt is one of the few in the U.S. to be operating in the black. No red ink here!
Penalty on USA. Japan kick into touch and will get the line out. Still deep in USA territory
bike party this fri? RT : a celebratory bike ride is in order!
. You're very kind! Look forward to meeting you someday.
Cheers! “: yum! Absolutely can do #vanilla bourbon stout float. See you soon!”
#Pittsburgh Summer Jam is back.for 2012! MAJOR ARTISTS at Console Energy 6/21/12! Get ready!
Taste of Honey jams on the way into work. It's gonna be a good day.
All the world seems crashing down right now...but trying to look at it as an adventure. Pruning so that new growth may occur...right???
Some of the qualities a good leader should possess are integrity, courage, optimism, and empathy.
hello miss shine hows you doing xx
They probably don't even exist... Like Harvey The Rabbit or Santa Claus ;)
Football! Go Giants <3
Glad that's over
bugger! Line wasn't so bad :)
Just saw your tweet and it reminded me of how much I LOVE your Lakefront Brewery Beer & Pretzel Caramels.
Best wishes, #SteveJobs. It's amazing how much you and your company changed the world. You will be missed.
Bike ride!
Rocking out to the Master of Symphony for Dolphin and Duck!
we definitely stayed in the shade. Did the pull out a win? We left in the middle of the 6th.
": #Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them."
I mailed out Bumpstart #6/7 to my subscribers this week. Hope you enjoy the Cannonball-themed issue!
good cause I wanna be able to look at your face ALL THE TIME!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
some time i feel like a dirty little fuck doll... with too much time on her hands.
#socaqueen...Allison Hinds..."Roll It Gal"...never gets old. Miss the Caribbean in a BiG way...
thank you! yeah, my adorably proud boss is promo-blasting...
RT : YES. "It’s never too late to give up what you are doing, and start doing what you realise you love."
Bradford bad boy <3
Hip hop fans if you like , check out this kid from Maryland #BigShoes It is all in the lyrics.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when ur dumb enough to tie the knot
I thought I too #thingsthatmakemehappy !
Is there a new season of Sherlock on PBS, or still the one from last year?
how about when you use the Google Earth browser "3D" on GeoCommons with uploaded trails?
Jim finally watched Terrence Malick's THE NEW WORLD. It only took him 3 months.
True,i do like the crossed tomahawk logo on sleeve. honestly we hav the best home/road in the league & dont need alts
BigChilln with my sista......i over <U+2665> this girl
Held store door open, not seeing the 2nd inside door also open. Ran into its edge and almost knocked myself out; black eye likely. Idiot.
I hate back spasms
Alvarez got the edge
Not looking forward to having this conversation...
I'm sitting next to you.
so sorry. we sent you an email. Please check your inbox.
Neal dropping pants
maybe the pages will be more engaging and have more of a viral impact?
Ok thank you I will check your link
the graphics are of better quality though.
Food for thought RT “: Consumerism is ultimately designed to get the middle upper classes to protect the super-rich.”
hey i heard ur a player. nice to meet u, im the coach.
only for people with ten toes! ;)
your the dumbass cause I was taking bout the rest there games!
Thanks! :) RT Favorite talk at #carldigs today was on on-the-fly screencasts for chat reference. Cool idea!
FTFD got added on? where'd you guys see the dates?
Zing. RT Can't wait for the hotel in UT, get electric shocked by the key & relax in a room w curtains borrowed from gma's house
The resort I stayed in while I was in Mexico is on Dateline..
Why was the piano invented? So the musician would have a place to put his beer.
Fuuuuuuck you teen jeopardy. Idiot guessed Eli Manning was Aaron Rodgers. Dummy. Unforgiven
U have to feel pain to know pleasure..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
miamiblackKOD Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... From South Beach to KOD. Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus service
Mini shopping spree!
Now that the NFL draft is over and all the analysis has been done, it's finally time to shift focus to next year's NFL draft
love it
My gut feeling is Erik D probably can lay down a mean beat.
#What2ChainzWouldSay my head hurt tylenol, ur girlfriend I got her drawls, I ate her up n da stalls, I said ho 3 times Santa clAus
ah yes i knew i heard that from somewhere!
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 1 week. Don’t miss it! This is a performance you won’t soon forget.
san to sfo lowest fare around thanksgiving?
Today's word: inoculate (v, immunize) from COUNTRY ROAD ABC: "I is for inoculate" (a great read, as an aside!)
but all the other ones were really ugly and yuck haha!<3
i wonder how many of you niggas gone end up sugardaddies 40 years later?
Thanks for playing Axford.
lmao then girls are just straight dumbasses
follow me or follow me.
The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.
What's your fashion/beauty goals for 2012?
Ok thats it for me. Have a great night people!
are you on campus? I can surf anything on campus.
Could the Thunder be without Harden and Ibaka in the post-season?
is preparing their best sweet treats that you do not want to miss out for this Sat.'s Island Divine event!...
Honoring drum.: One way to get yrslf a reputation as a dangerous person is to repeat the phrases our founding fathers used.~C.A. Beard
unfortunately, nobody gets cast from open calls...its hard for great talent to get a fair shot under these circumstances.
Unsure which spa service to buy for Mother's Day? Buy a gift card and let her decide!
“: Thanks so much for following! Make sure you have my album, Reclaim Your Land on your playlist! xox”
Words of #EverybodyLies Say they support #GayMarraige but vote for the opposite.
we will miss you tonight!!!
Agree w/ Ron Paul re: jailing people qua the economic collapse...just think it should include people in business, not just govt.
Pausing Pot Luck packing to get ready for this weekend's tours! Who's planning on coming in?
Looking for an event space? Contact Fashion 40 Lounge for your corporate and social event needs. www.fashion40lounge.com
Typical DH project: "Look! I created a map of all the places where Hemingway traveled and wrote!" "Okay. So what and who cares?"
Another great day in offices of Net Tel, rain is clearing here Philadelphia just in time for lunch
a lot of good things, too much to put in a tweet haha but I'm a very happy girl right now (:
Leaving to Vegas tomorrow afternoon!!!
"Not everyone has the same kind of experience, when it comes to observing.." says Orion's poetry editor
Beautiful Monster (:
Hey pretty lady!
Hello Virginia, You are welcome and thank you for your support!
. We're having this conversation and I am not following you. I have fixed this grievous oversight. Forgive me.
And anxiety hits... :-)
There are a total of 8 sinuses -- conflicting views of what sinuses "do"
Tonight is double the troublee we are back to the old days
S/O to and for sitting back and watching me get mobbed outside the comedy club
ur rite. i luv u like a sis. and i already miss u tons. im trying my hardest to not cry my heart out....
": I want some starbucks ."
Looking for fund raising ideas for a family that has hit a very bad stretch of road. Would love to use SM any thoughts would be appreciated.
My hair grows too fast. I feel like it's almost time to shave the sides again
Pros in #WagstaffTrial claims defendant raped and stabbed victim 39 times. Defense says sex was consensual.
I'm sad I missed class tonight ):
On another note...Where does that door go?
Seriously, though. I'm not replacing someone who gets benefits, just another temp, with whom they're not entirely satisfied.
24pts to 12. I hope it happens
Heading too Aj Bombers come join me.
What tournaments would you like to bring to #VanWA? Let us know! We’re here to assist.
Richard being childish.
great another democrat
If Crawford could've come up with that he'd have had Tulo, who was running at a Molina-esque pace up the line.
Never had my picture taken so much in my life by so many differnt people... HA! #ActionOnFilm festival
so inspired by , nathaniel smith, and alex hargreaves last night. we knew they'd be awesome, but we were just blown away.
Niggas lie so much, just keep it real!
...I am picking up some budget narrative pointers from house theory and the literature on inalienable goods. [-]
NYC gay #pride parade today - right after passing marriage equality! Feeling less jealous of those attending #ala11 at the moment.
Looking for a great plumber in the Atlanta area? I recommend Petes Plumbing. They are honest, ethical and professional in everything they do
Chillin with Dj Tribal Touch at Tocabe on 44th and Lowell! He's gettin loose on the turntables right now
Our email server was down - getting back online soon! Sorry folks!
Flattered and happy that you're doing that. The blog has been helpful too in connecting Univ Arch w/ University Communications.
Give me good knowledge!
Happy Father's Day! Continue to be the great fathers you are supposed to be.
Jealous! I waited too long to buy tickets. Waters is (are?) great.
Also thanks for speaking with my lil sis over the phone at RoadRunner Sports in Atlanta early in the week, made her day!!
Seeing you've just missed The Simpsons Mr Plow episode=GUTTED!! Seeing its on channel 4+1 in 30mins=DECENT!!
Congrats man. Welcome to the club.
Um. Feeling a little neglected over here bc of the barrage of NON shoutouts. #jk Super S/O to #shoutitout ;)
That's the snow spirit! Huzzah!
Portland bound...via Bicycle! #STP 204 miles to go.
you're sick
keep it up buddy! lookin good.
First time user and I must say, very nice! Definitely recommend if you need a lift.
Good night n bless night to u all
Who hasn't done their homework? Me...
Kim Trumbull, RN, has been named COO/CNO of Kaiser Permanente's Vacaville Medical Center.
Benefit Concert for San Isidros Elementary! 11/2 @ 7pm in Witherspoon Cinema, $5 includes concert and food! See you there!
Done "trolling" for the night. Time to start packing for New York, seeing as how we're leaving in about an hour...
I have to admit, I'm trying to get a shitload of followers, but I'm not about to spam my entire TL with #TeamFollowBack all damn day!
Come one, come all! This Thursday, September 8th we will be having a #job fair at our Westside Factory Store (3709 Ellison Road Northwest).
Trying to teach my eight-year-old Scrabble is far more fun when we use the tiles to make up words.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/02/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Building products is like cooking. Features = pepper. Pepper adds flavor, but add too much and you've ruined the meal.
Awww... :) RT : Everybody deserves somebody that makes them look forward to tomorrow. is my somebody. <3
First thing of note for 2011? My imdb STARmeter just shot up 256% since last week. Can't be a bad thing. : )
haha my dad always told me nothing good happens after 2am! i dont practice his believes but he is usually right!!
Why is it when we put "a recent study at harvard shows..." it all seems 100,000,000 times more legit??
The ESPN guys are having so much fun talking football! And it ain't fake-that laughter is as real Terry Bradshaw laughin' at Frank Caliendo.
Why aren't my twitter & FB accounts no longer connected together???
When are we going to acknowledge that all we do is complain! Obama is absolutely right!
Excited about our Innovation Panel today with Mark Larson, , , and Andrew Lofts at 1pm at the Del Mar Fairgrounds
Had a great brunch at The Blue Egg in Tosa this morning! Been wanting to try that place for awhile....
I don't think I could ever be in studio again by myself thanks to freaking me out with paranormal activity he experienced.
My people perish for lack of knowledge. ~Hosea 4:6
maybe I can get some good from you where you get it at?
massive thank you to for showing me this fanfic <U+E328>
sounds awesome!
U'all hav such nice twitter backgrounds! Impossible to keep up. Trying; couldn't live w old one much longer!
You cannot depend on your eyes if your imagination is out of focus. - Mark Twain (writer)
Definitely need to play there. On the conveyor belt.
ah so close! I am super excited about the opportunity to be on the panel. Thanks so much!
I have 4 days to get my Seattle stuff done before I am off to LA for work and a bit of fun, but just a bit! Gotta work hard to get places :)
#NP The Black Keys - Nova Baby. On repeat.
I can't wait to see the interview. ": Thanks to & audience for their understanding about my... #sisterwives"
uh not true.
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND, NEVER LET YOU GO, KEEP YOU IN MY ARM GIRL, NEVER BE ALONE.
OMG! My Favorite Part Of FAME! The Scene Where They're Dancing To Black&Gold! :D
brewed Hazelnut coffee this am from in honor of National Coffee Day! :)
i miss your face
Riding my butt to the #easternmarket. I love
Q posed today by CM Tom LaBonge: Who are the smartest people if you want to know what’s happening in Washington? What do you think he said?
Are you living life like a rock-star?
I want to make a small kickback at my house with a couple friends sometime
Doing very good thanks, what about you?
Did really good on my English test because I definitely BOMBED the last one.
Welcome back #NFL :)
Why am I still awake and with a stomached ache none the less? Argh
Driving with your left foot is a lot harder than I imagined.
"Who could pass this (metal basket shaped like a rooster) up?!" Most anybody with taste. That's who.
With you & still hyped! ": Who else has been up for an entire day #whoswithme Cc "
JUST had oatmeal microwaved with fresh strawberries and blueberries. Similar tasting enough to "cream of" types but healthier!
I picked the right day to take off work. Heading to Welles Park to play some tennis and throw the baseball.
Happy New Year everyone!
Is anyone crying right now cause now we won't be able to say that austin is a 16 year old singer who lives in texas?
Conference on Higher Education Pedagogy. Excellent
Tucson banks did well in third quarter - Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks did well in third quarter Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks and cr
Less we know about ourselves the easier it is to market copy and paste personalities in this cosmic dressing room of material conformity.
MBA programs do take into consideration factors that best fit the working adults.
I would rather "eat cake ", than some future pill that simulates touch ,smell & even taste Same with invites, & art. Recycle yes
But in case anyone's listening, I wasn't mad at you, I simply held you to the same standard to which I hold myself.
Happy Easter! What's your favorite treat you like to see in your Easter basket?
That's too funny! I can envision the student doing just what was described... Great stuff.
did I miss out??? What is
sounds like a project for a Michigan trained engineer! Turn in your Top Secret for a Pop Secret Clearance.
lol yesh. part of my job is to become an uber twitterer so i shall be 'twittling' in earnest from now on :D
yes, hoping for tomorrow!
I'd love to give one a spin (heh), test it on some artifacts, and write you guys a review for its archaeological applications.
If you live in and/or near the city and have a few days/weeks off from school you should head down to liberty park
:-) Thanks Elinor! Happy Wednesday!
Berenstein Bears author died at 88! Those books fueled our storytime for years
Gorgeous!! Both pics, Definitely the darker the better on you though!!
Experience is the best teacher. Some ppl just don't learn until they see for themselves in any situation.
just a simple hybrid - taking the Hank Aaron back to East Tosa - hope we're talking bicycles ;)
The QLC doesn't really have an age-limit! Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com -Do u relate??
Sounds like a buncha swingers, &
Do you tweet like a whore like me?
Remember, Dwight Howard is only 6'9", if you're going with the 'no shoes' measurement.
I guess It's time to let go
I just found a half bag of cinnamon-spice flavored coffee still in the freezer. Oh happy day!
U already know Capt goodlookin bro..get @ me bout that Chrysler 300 Music..L's Up!
USD right now: green veterans share their stories
NAWWWW D: well gotta start over... Sorry that drawing was stupid... xD
Q. I married Miss Right. A. I just didn't know her first name was "Always."
Something with cake
EW, go away gym.
*fixes hair into webcam* LOLOLOLOL
I've been listening to John Mayer all day.
It's not 3am but you rocked my world! Looking forward to feeding this friendship!
That's why Sony restructured--Bail from movie production/distribution but hold patents on all digital video devices? Big $$$
happy b day
That's Korean for "I'm sorry I shot you but I thought you were robbing my store"
Same... check them out www.reverbnation.com/punation what r u listening too?
If a horse is injured in the big race, the horse ambulance will scoop it up. Everybody dreads a catastrophic injury.
digital scholarship?
What I have to say is more important than who I am.
Hardy gets O's out of the inning. Matusz gets to 96 pitches, gives up six hits and four runs in four innings.
Looking forward to the WORT Block Party today! Playing w/ at 11:15am. It's a beautiful morning so far.
RT : Ok this is it. I'm going to bed b/c the iPad is at 8%. #teamiPad.>>Time to re-charge
okay - let's go - for realz! loving the uni's tonight!
Ancient Egyptians considered gold to be the flesh of the gods! Learn more about Egyptian life @ The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.
My little brother just asked the petsmart employee if they had any fire breathing dragons lol
Welcome Did not think u where the Twitter type. So happy ur giving it a try. Peace! Would love the fallow.
Starting to prepare my office in preparation for the move = hilarious. Loving the random items from 2004...
lmk what you think
what is the last digit of the phone number...I would like to sign up Jamie Ann Burke
Every day that a Springsteen Pittsburgh date is not announced a piece of my soul dies.
Thank God my mother taught me how to cook! So many women cant cook nowadays, id go hungry!
Bout to cash out wit my nigg i see wen somebody wana
LOVE your username!
yeah im sure that would have helped your scores...not
Before you crowdfund, read this - VentureBeat
Everytime I make a friend I make a future enemy
what's up!
lmbo, also on new iPhone
Love it. Lol RT : What do you think of my display picture :P
I love the fact that I am the only one at school that has great taste in music!
Don't ever think I'm not working cuz this Mind is always running at 100% . It's just the phones needs to recharge sometime lol
We were together; I forget the rest.
Only 2 more chances to see "The Eight: Reindeer Monologues" - tonight and tomorrow at 8pm!!
o ok(: ahaha i now how to do that on facebook to(:
ONLY 2 PEOPLE FOLLOWED ? LEST GO GUYS FOLLOW ME OTHER TWITTER. I'II FOLLOW ALL GUYS.
#lpr2012 sandefar speaks about education change. Promotes experimentation, school choice.
Being told tht u spend 2 much on #socialnetworks Hmm...now how wud u knw tht? A: Wen u get on u go thru my page or B:(the answer) SO R U! ;)
Today's final film showings: This Is Not A Film, Wild In The Streets, The Patron Saints, Vito, Empire Builder, Pilgrim Song, #MDFF12 (1/2)
If you dont think the Pacers have a shot with home court and the Heat's 3rd scoring option and only big man that's a factor, youre an idiot
Slow start this morning but I will not be denied! Carpe diem!
I'd wax that ass
On the runway - not the fashion week kind.
The most important word when blogging - YOU.
So, like, at one point in one's e-mail career does the "Reply All" syndrome strike and how can we rage against it?
#YouGettinPunchedIf you lay your hands on me and it's not ok with me.
i don't recall that but i prob agreed tho
Garlic Stuffed!
Come see us perform LIVE!! in Sheboygan on St. Patty's Day @ Speak Easy with Digging For Jack, The Ruin and The Faith Hills Have Eyes.
that account blocks me...cant figure out who it is.
Had a fantastic show this evening! Check out my group this coming Wed at The Shrine (2271 Adam Clayton Powell Blvd) 8pm!
Its time to do an official interview for What's your email? Xoxo
love it and so true
Just caught your recent #TinyDeskConcert and I have a question: Where did you get the Rangers t-shirt with the backwards logo?
So exciting :-) My side/fun/hobby-project is progressing nicely. Just hired a design company, which means I have to spend some real money.
aww you're going to make me cry....
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle is trending...lmao. Here it goes...
#YouveDoneItToo prank calls.
Yo ... #IDJpromo is out hitting those streets hard for this "Boyfriend". Get ready homie!!
Bievendido a Miami
Thx RT : Checked out today. Beautiful escape in the heart of #SouthBeach. No ? why it's rated
File this phrase under "things always said too late." RT : Clearly the drinking was not a good plan.
no I'm takin it Friday.and is it the same one artina got?
If my phone was really so smart, it wouldn't have jumped out of my bag in the first place.
Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
thank you Mike!!
Obama wins New Hampshire!
Pray for japan
Hugo Cabret: If you lose your purpose, it's like you're broken.
It'd be cool if everyone could close their car windows. Sick baby raccoon in the backseat?
Who's ready for this week!? Hope everyone has a blessed one!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
if you have to ask, you'll never know.
You sit with the company that invited you. You dance with the girl you came with.
thanks dude what's your bands name?? We will check them out!
Shouldn't be a problem now, we just changed the beta so it's open, no password required to create an account
pretty surprised my screams while running back to my room didn't wake anyone up.
Young people like that are pushing to #bethegoodguys! RT : "We need young people with your moral compass to solve these problems."
This. RT : There's silver lining if Brees gets MVP. I don't want to face Rodgers with a chip on his shoulder in the playoffs.
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, 'I will love you until the last rose dies.
For enterntainment last night I brought my dehumidifier into the same room as my humidifier and let them fight it out.
Welcome aboard! RT : Mealing at the Weary Traveler after a fabulous first official day on the campaign. 238 to go for
YAY! It is NaNoWriMo! Time to put a serious dent in the new novel!
I'll keep that in mind. That's right; some experiences *are* better remembered than re-experienced.
When I listen to Spanish music I have no idea what they are saying but I LOVE the beat to the songs <333
Ass whopin on the job
this is me promising you a wake up call! Be prepared bitch
Thanks for liking my page Sheri! :-)
Fermentis WB-06 wheat yeast went from 1040 down to 1010 in less than a day. temps were around 65 the whole time. Pilsner and Wheat malt...
No answers on #GeekTrivia from : In the new 52, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
A: called together group of marketers on campus to strategize mid-February
Swing by the station. When are you arriving?
yo. weird. app and mobile browse work for me. ?
You traveled back to 1995?
You're really letting go. Do you have Sarah Kenderdine's book in "Theorizing Digital Cultural Heritage" in there, too?
Ive got a pretty good intrumental tape and another on the way. Check it out if you have time, the link is on the page. Thanks -Con
People who have head dimples...!!! Hahaha
My mam wants me to be indie aw
Getting academics to acknowledge that students don't share those beliefs is a big problem for the academy going forward.
It did, thank you for asking. Have a great rest of your day :)
ugh that's a lot of badummmy games. Yuck.
Seriously, you are the MAN for #Mizzou ! Gonna be sending Flip NBA tweets in a couple...
I would give anything to see George Strait or Garth Brooks in concert!
There are 900Mmobile phones in India - parents want to purchase devices to provide better educational opportunities for their children
RT : What a fun #cashmob we had on Saturday! Delicious gourmet chocolate from Loco for Coco! Next mob in 2 weeks- May...
I remember a couple summers ago I was walking through sunset in crestview and all the hoes were yelling "fuck for a buck!"
Big girls whose underwear hangs out -__-
Semester over and done with now time to celebrate with the gals! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Thank you. Why so short, I wonder.
Yes! I have class on Mondays and Wednesday, but any other day is good for me.
Happy mothers day! Buy your mom today! She will love you for it!
Been wearing out all of albums. But can't stop!
lmfaaao and its cold poor bairn
Great meeting Disney Channel's Matthew Scott Montgomery at 2011 Youth Rock Awards with ! Good people!
If in theory I was studying business management in college, and I wanted to join the team for experience, how would I do so?
Want Backstrom to get two goals tonight. We need him to play his heart out again.
hey charlie and michael will spider beer be ready for 2012? Jim
This obsession is about to get out of hand.... Thanks , I thought I was out of this damn teeny bopper phase :P
thanks to you girls too!
Condolences goes out 2 the family & friends of the late heavyweight boxing champ/Olympic Gold Medalist, "Smokin'" Joe Frazier. God bless you
is conflicted...
Most grownup-sounding tweet of your life?
“: Had dreams of Miu Miu skirts last night.” hahhaha oh no, fashion rehab
Psssst... Today's my birthday(:
Could be the best charity...thanks coach
Georges at the Cove will present a dish based on "A Sheltering Sky" Join us to find out what Chef Trey Foshee has prepared.
That moment when your laughing at nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
/// Boston is supposed to sweep Philly......na bro. You guys are NOT allowed to shit on LA tonight LMAO!!!
"you can't have Rolls Royce Dreams with Volkswagen commitment" you must work hard.
Sry we didn't get a chance to respond this wknd. :/ Hopefully, you were able to get your fix!
Finally getting all my follow backs done :) WOO!
Could not sleep at all cause my body was hoped up on red bull, 5 hour energy, and poptarts lol
Wkshops esp in areas they need to boost knowledge. Ex:Creative teach educ for challeng kids bully wksh, invest in on line educ
really makes you wonder what of this is true in terms of the study! chandra levy was found in the river!
#FF on a Monday.
That was emotional...
tell here eye said that means the world to me for her to like it
Heading to now for a great melt facing session! Happy Birthday, !
Tonight I ate a meatball sub for dinner. I hope I get some good windy gas w/ bass to blast out of my ass
RT : No matter the form or size of your problem, God's capacity and willingness to solve it is infinite.
Oh yeah! RT : Pizza on ART Milwaukee tomorrow
Is the Church traded publicly?
yeah. So well try and get more signitures then well try and show him hahaa we got thiss
Are you still friends with Alex? (:
What to do with properties? Revenue Generation ~ lease to community, industry, selling seems last resort.
Chapter 2012 Page 35 of 366 My production level is directly correlated to my ability to delegate. I can't do this alone.
It’s amazing to me how some politicians spin anyone who has legitimate concerns about this country’s income inequality into “a hater.”
Lol yeah, we hung out literally all weekend so i figured why not
Testing Adsense embedded stuff via hootsuite....
Dear sephora. Your noisy DJ just drove me out of the store. This is so not pro sales.
You shooting stills, movies, or both?
i love prank calling, but getting them is so retarted. i hate them. -_-
Punk rock suit night. That old one. Hole and all.
Why do I feel so alone?
Had an excellent meeting of the minds today. Many good things to come! Random note: "probability is luck taken personally".
#MeAndYouCantDate -- because you went behind my back and had sex with 500 girls..then you called my phone when you were having sex...Tf..?
Who's doin 18 this weekend in #denver #colorado?
: Could be applied to almost any type of profession - replace players with students/customers/visitors/investors/guests/etc.
awww....love pugs. Hope they recover well.
You are killing me tonight with wit and sarcasm and the like
Come see Linda's latest creations and get on her list for workshops -- wish her HAPPY BIRTHDAY while you're at it!
If you want some free stuff send your email with your information to . It just makes sense.
#DuringTheSummer I stay up & talk to my friends(:
Yeah that is a great feature. I have it on PS3. Last year it was poor quality on it. This year it's great.
Idk iThink Makin #Cupcakes Brings #Joy To The Room
happy birthday ! Will there be a birthday edition of Collin's Corner??
Looking on the bright side today...
Wow wth I did not mean to see that man again now he thinks I'm crazy gat Damn it and her find bar Louis public house request
#thankfulfor a wonderful day: great people, weather, food, activities, conversation - life.
I must say I enjoy the daily laugh I get when calls someone out for something stupid or cliche on Twitter.
Watching Love & Basketball # Favoritemovie .
To the RWCHNM! Congrats!
one of those days...time to get this chi aligned
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and the rest of the
Thursday night! Bowling Green KY. Newmatic and Halo Stereo at Tidballs. Can't wait to get back to BG, Kentucky!
Seriously, google me & my work history. LOL. I have easier ways to make money. I do this b/c I want to.
All Team Mindless in Chicago....follow me :-)
Portland is quite veggie too. It just takes people to get things going!
I'm now influential in Tardis... despite never having seen an episode of Doctor Who.
Another workout done and now planning to eat Mexican for lunch.
Mr Harrell is everywhere I am....
Certain songs make me think about the one that got away, the one that left, the one that said no, or the one I never told how I feel.
Heyy God bless you sister
THANKS FOR THE MENTION!!!!
6% more to go...lets hurry this along, Im not having much fun
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a stranger comes up to you, hits on you, and you tell her your a homo and she walks off in disgust.
Enjoyed working in the nice weather today, spring cleaning time all weekend long
How geeky am I that I just cancelled my plans for tomorrow in order to watch the GOP debate?
leaving soon for #BCBos - lots of interesting proposed sessions
I hate thta, People judge people without getting to know them first.
Sitting in my car just to listen to a josh Hamilton at bat.
Dont call that bitch a hoe...
Get ready for NEW "Circuits"!!! First song released from our EP. iTunes as well! TOMORROW! Retweet!
I'm losing followers :'(
I don't know, why??
Double fact. RT : Fact. RT : The Kazoo is criminally underused
well then your sad :)
#MothersDay Idea: Mom would love nothing more than a stroll along #MissionBay & a massage from #BlueMarbleSpa! Call for details 6192241234
Listening to your material.. liking your talent. Hope you like mine.. [see next tweet]
Happy May Day to you too Babe! I wish you worker justice all year long too :-)
next to trane!
Good on ya for the follow...you're right on par
Smiling happy! =D
it was AWESOME!!!
I saw Ray Allen air ball... Being a shooter that was weird to me
having used one for 3 weeks I could argue for MBA depending on what you do
Electricians lay siege to Balfour Beatty
My dear lord....
Got my fill of Thai food and social media talk during lunch today... which means Beth is a happy girl.
Nice! Yay, enjoy your trip! Guess I'll see you next in September at the wedding... :)
Is everybody ready to kick off the Halloween celebration at The Hop tonigh? We'll be there, so should you!
thanks for the friday follow! Much love.
Thank you!
When the clock switches to 11:12 while you're still in the middle of artfully composing your wish.
Virginia Beach
Today's goals: 1 updated resume, 2 paper proposals, 4 loads of laundry, 12 important emails, and a pre-LA base tan. Go!
Thank you in advance, rockstars; love you all
Looks like Nba wants to see Heat and Thunder in Finals. So obvious ..
Good Morning.... Happy Tuesday!
hey follow me
Sat night treehouse. Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
Thanks for the follow. Keep chasing those dreams.
The Silk Tie likes Mark! Ties make more of an impression that schools, right? thesilktie.com
DFW is at a disadvantage “: Oh, #hungergamespulitzer is not about the book but rather a fight to the death over the..."
It's an entire tour group. Not sure all 11 of them will fit.
Apr 4,1922: #Churchill circulated memo requesting advice on "melancholy events" in Ireland.
Well I need to go on vacation ..
CNN makes the call: Santorum comes from behind in Alabama 3-way
Fast and Furious marathon on TV? o.o Definitely not leaving my couch tonight.
Relationships are like far people, most of then don't workout. Lol
James Harden returning the elbow favor. Not to the same degree but funny watching Artest complain about it.
#smwchic #MadMen pushed midcentury modern forward in our homes...lets not forget this is part of pop culture.
hehe :-) thanks for heads up! I'm trying to win 10k and I hope I won't get discouraged entering sweepstakes if I don't win it...
What's the narrative defending #walkermath from the Right? I'm curious about the logic being used there.
I time bomb
RT cogentsmile: #boonville2011 this breeders is better than a blowjob from a Slavic hooker with icyhot in her mouth.
he never went anywhere
You can do it!
It needs to snow. Its only snowed once all winter.
Head to Salzburg later this week: trying to change the world one student at a time. But it's giving blood to do it!
The magnitude of this systematic failure to simply act as ANY prudent person would is just mind boggling. HAVE to now clean house.
A guy that can make me laugh >>
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 53 to 58. Light winds.
the things ill go to war for.
I've found that a good rule is: multiply the number by 3 and bump the time unit up by 1: 5 minutes=3 hours. 1 hour-3 days.
How did it go. Do you have a link?
..I know, and I had already got a babysitter<U+E403>
Its almost #March! That means plenty of opportunities to watch the games with #Bartab! Come out this Friday to
I loved Midnight in Paris. Glad to see it's up for best movie
Me too. RT : RT : I have an unhealthy addiction to museum giftshops.
Hurt and betrayed... Jets were ok but he was out to hurt the packers by playing against them with the vikings Purple = vomiting
Thank you Natalie!
Blues history: Alberta Hunter recorded "Texas Moaner Blues" as Josephine Beattty No8, 1924 in NYC w/ Louis Armstrong & Red Onion Jazz Babies
The best thoughts are written down on napkins.
yeah stupid was suspended for two games and crashed his car into a tree
you can never have enough shoes.
Here comes the snow! Bro-tanks and jorts will have to wait...
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!
I just realized that its 12:30 and I haven't eaten yet...I'm starving. I want to go to IHOP and eat their amazing Harvest Nut pancakes!
haha that's what you get for drinking to vagina!
Woo. Woo.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 6: "I have a general interest in the topic "
HuffPost just cited that Obama's team has put out a *prebuttal before Romney makes his next speech. *Kind of like greasing up for a rebuttal
Find us on Facebook!
The SB I am on cutting funds for MS sports to balance the budget. Goal is to preserve academics. Some residents are upset - thoughts?
Tell Ya Followers 2 Follow Me!! the HA[R]MONY & [B] sensation of the group
already preparing! cant wait to show yall what the Caribbean has to offer!
dale nigga hit me
I love our town even no matter how shitty it can get.
FED "quantitive easing" = inflationary. Causes cost of IMPORTS to go UP significantly. That's why goods & food cost going up double digits.
Hello Im looking 4 a literary agent are u avaliable?
is Albania in the middle east? oh. and you don't have to be from Albania to be Albanian.
That's not real.
Excellent, have fun & let us know how the Lunar festival went!
Eww! Is it wierd that I kinda want some? RT : Hippo milk is pink.
Who else are ya gonna let know? I have a whole forum for you to vent on!!
How gay I'm on my way to school.
Amazing show last night! Now off to Tennessee to record!
Can't wait for it! #TIMELESS charity and #CHAR&MEL Sexy costumes here we come!
I can't count how many times my high school coach told me to hit their QB square under the chin and make them pee blood!
thanks Erin!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> congrats on
Or be an "information radiator" yourself.
Why soes my sister have to be a sicoyic bitch
Happy World Book Night!!!!
Going to McDonalds for a salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
Should have twittered my NYC art bonanza weekend...instead, some post-trip thoughts...
wanna text new friends but girls doe....
My iPad seems to be losing time like water leaking from the sky. It's 12 minutes behind since yesterday. How does that happen?
well at least you have sense
The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership. Gerry Adams -
I don't care what it takes
Good morning!!!
But the quaint town of 23,000 -- scene of just two murders since 1999 -- had just accepted a $285,933 grant from the U
that was a really GREAT interview. Thanks! Who else have you interviewed lately?
Well alright! Send them my way!!
it's all biscuit stay cinematic:)))) thank you too!!
Bulls need to get it together!!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright - so why not drive :)
great idea to use biometric wristbands in communities to track, understand and improve health in communities
I'm so exhausted and I am craving Orange Leaf.
We saw a chain in Atlanta called "Ray's New York Pizza." I have a feeling we are going to struggle with the pizza there.
I think I'm more interested in the other 50% then
Recall the Brewers
I don't know how to do it ..Jajaja
If you don't know who Andreas Gursky is, drop everything and look up his photos right now.
Can dunk a basketball; kicked at 50-yard FG at Lions' stadium; can drive a golfball 400+ yards; and obvious baseball skills
Just relax while he tears you apart
thank you <3
I was young and inlove I gave you everything but it wasn't enough..
Are you near Orlando, and What channel at 5pm?
Remember when...I almost loved you<3
Have you been watching this?!
yes yes yes yes yes!!! did you get the ep?
ahh its the best job ever...you should def try get into it! Awhh bless :) I need to come see you guys! Yeahh I'm good thanks x
Love the pics. More of Chuck Bass please?
Hm...RT : I create positive thoughts to fill my days. I am filled with spirit, optimism, and happiness.
The eye girl. BAHA. I feel bad.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
I LOVE ELLIS
I have rediscovered the simple & relatively guiltless pleasure of making Jello for dessert. I recommend trying Blackberry Fusion!
And they are back again.. whatever deleteing account I guess?
in the house with hot off the presses copies of magazine issue #!! launch party tonight 6 pm
why do I keep getting emails about getting a ged I don't want a ged I am only a sophomore
Working outside didn't really happen, just wishful thinking. But went out at lunch. Hard to come back in.
#Terps not understanding the uniforms
thanks Mark :)
Thus it comes full circle. Teabagging CRs attempt to slander Kris Barrett for 3 emails, defend massive corruption scandal surrounding Walker
Gloria Estefan turns 54 today. The rhythm is gonna get ya.
Downtown Indy engulfed w/ couples holding lg manilla envelopes. Either lots of courthouse weddings or dreaded workplace scavenger hunt.
people from ocb are being so shady! Luke said no, no one else has let me know. Should still be fun
awww shnap! Thanks for the Mandonna love! WE love you too!
I'm into young ones. Not that I'm a pedophile or anything....
If I have to get out of my car just to end up getting back in it one more time... I will not be a happy camper. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Successful day! Scenes 1 and 2 of Julie and Kieran in the bag. Shooting with Shey Flowers Tom Machell Grant Turnbull Olivia McFaul tomorrow!
Love this! Auto reply email that dude "A" is out of the office, contact dude "B," only to get a similar email from him to contact dude "A"
lmfaoo, I looked a mess that day.
hey, I've been on that ferry a bunch of times!
“: I'm gonna follow some people... Retweet if you want me to follow you”
All Packed For New York :)
This weather makes me want to watch someone else bob for apples.
#RyderWins!!! He actually did it!
you got to tell me all about it! :D
great win!
Rest is part of the healing process
No more excuses Q pick-up bball 2012 will be in full swing next week.
Meeting up with the Tejano Dems!
That is an awesome chair! Hope it has a cup holder :)
Yes plenty of sunshine today! How 'bout you?
happy birthday
DEGRASSI TONIGHT YALL :D
haha. I like them and think they have their place. but 4" inch heels are painful/stupid for daily wear.
but I'm not a person who forces myself to finish things, unless I have to for work. Life's too short to read bad books.
if someone tells you you're not beautiful turn around and walk away, so they can have a great view of your fabulous ass
Good Luck! RT : Meeting with a new consulting client!
what the what??
Data visualization definitely seems like a Mt Everest for beginners. Did anyone suggest a good entry point?
You too huh? ill see you someday also.
PROM! PROM. prom... prom? Oh and the mets just let up a runner. I feel your pain.
Thx so much for the offer! We will be there courtesy of another vendor but will definitely stop by. :)
has THE best tweets during #Raw each week! I'm sitting here cracking up yet again! Lol
Putting together a workshop on social media/ #HigherEd wonkery and policy (not teaching). Suggestions? Talking points? Readings?
#favmoviequote i dont hate you cause your fat, your fat because i hate you
I dont wana make things,i wana build an empire.
#ExperienceWA Wine much?
I take it you must be doing a concentration. I decided not to and to just move into the PhD program and save a bit of money.
Just day dreamed about senior year what fun times
who should she pick
Happy to connect with you. Thanks for the follow today!
Literally peeing my pants excited for boombox tonight, I may be the happiest person alive starting at midnight
the amount of money in the Secretariat Lounge right now for the post draw right now is proposterous
los ramblin Rebel rousers de cincinnati.
The day I made my debut into this world many moons ago...is Monday! wowzilikers!
u most don't either
I just wanna go back to sleep.
if it makes you feel any better, we're not having any fun at
For my xmas present, my iPhone 4 decided to COMPLETELY die. Anyone have an old iPhone that I could borrow/buy until I can get a new one?
u were probably the 10th person to ask that. Lol
you don't follow enough librarians and archivists on twitter :D
Ready to go back to my room, lay down, listen to music, daydream and fall asleep!
We'll be waiting!
lol ok ill take it..
Six for six on the crab shuffle.
Where you at?
Lakers are in this to win it!
I ate pancakes after my 1/2 marathon last weekend then freaked out & had to be talked out of going to the gym later that day.
lol tlkn bout the one who liked to jump on roofs lol
Rain almost killed me!!!!
Had a great script reading on Fri. Has us very excited for things to come. The gears are definitely in motion. Look for much more info soon!
I just tried to register 2 days ago. To use discussion boards, it said you had to have a approved blog. I swear!
Jazz musicians! Come sit in with my quartet on Friday Dec 16th 7-11p in Calumet City at Siam Marinam, 80 River Oaks Cirlce.
Hell Hath No Fury Tour 2nite at Bossanova - female meta bands - hope you got your tickets from one of the local bands. Support local music!
please finish the book
2 hours until frappuccino happy hour!
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Was in publishing then went to culinary school; worked in social enterprise in US & Canada. I'm now a caterer. (Fun ride, no JD!)
I just took a celeb tattoo quiz and got every one right. I hate myself.
haha I've been working on it
Truthless lies! ;C
This Survivor season was far to predictable and a bit of a drag. Hopefully next season will be more exciting.
My brother is there tell him Hi :D
Phil Barker saw his shadow today!!!
Been surprised recently that something contains a food allergen? Tell us about it...
1. Sounds like that totally needs to go down again. 2. Bring that type of horribly awesome chaos to my bday party, thanks.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe I love youu !! xoxo
What happened to Sonique?
Who is the best person you've been twitter spammed by? Mine is Kevin Corrigan.
Today is the GRE. My puny mortal mind shudders with apprehension.
Excited to see a bunch of amazing MKE Yelp elite tonight at the Wisconsin Cheese Mart for our April elite event!
omg what did she say
I adore your hair c:
Will you be Mi Amor? Just what I'm looking for? Dont be afraid to fly... Across the sky. ;]
liar you can't dance lol
New best practices article coming tomorrow by Find out what energy efficiency and the '85 Chicago Bears have in common.
posters right? I will work on it today :)
a big nigga? Like ?
It's the debut of a new week Good morning to you Portland!
i am just simply me
why is such a threat to american institutions if two people simply love each other?
Thank you & #FF : #FF some great education/Career tweeps:
Weapons of Mass Destruction
Adele is one of the greatest talents ever. So glad she won and is BACK!
don't forget about video promos/Q&A with Fink :) Look forward to seeing you at the Fanfest in June! Coming from bama?
This is great! twitter is going to start the race war with white people stink!
hahaha true. At least we know that the album is coming out soon and isnt gonna be on that detox status lol.
#Designstar is one of the only Fashion driven reality shows I can sit through. Fashion+business=quite entertaining
It's Juiceusary! Kaboodle Insiders got word of a sweet deal on Breville Juicer's this morning... check your inbox for your coupon code....
Cost free Cartoon Video games is excellent for Family members Bonding Time.
TY for SO and #FF!! Inspired week my friends! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
LOOL Wow you have big hopes
he's like way into Rip n Dip. When are you coming by the office for hugs and duck throwing.
Piece by piece into the measure of your flesh.
And don't show the 'vomit' draft to anyone. RT : Dont take rewrite notes from strangers.
gmyh was gonna come out today :(
I know the future! will follow me tonight and retweet this!:D <3
The Battleship director seems crazy as Fuck ...
Fact: Stefany of 13-MONSTERS is a classically trained choir singer. Now ya know.
#school OH THIS IS #SALTY. :D
i just think she needs more experience and she will be good just matter of time:)
Me too. Im gonna stay positive though! :)
PSA: For most of you in the U.S., remember to set your clocks back one hour tonight!
My name is MCA, I got a lisence to kill And what's the time? It's time to get Ill!!! So sad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Is at the 95 year old Japanese mountain palace drinking saki with Megfred
this fucking professor makes my blood boil
Go to court, go to court, go to court...
I understand that you don't wanna RT my dream but I tried..I LOVE I aM mE Crew
Oh, Megan, we were all really worried about Don
Heat wave is crushing the garden and vermicompost. Placed a hunk of ice and lots of wet newspaper in the worm bin this morning. Any tips?
It's creepy for a company to publish stories from anonymous people who claim to love products while they're the fan of their competitors.
follow me back. And i will let you know who I am.
"To direct attention in one way precluded all the other ways." #aimstech12 How do we reframe the conversation?
Interesting characters at the DMV...people watching at its finest
I have JUST found out about burnt ends. I love charred meaty bits. Anywhere near Sacramento that serves burnt ends?
Feed the ball to Coppage! #uww #staggbowl. Or get that call....
My cousin did an ammaaaazing job drummin it up at the percussion day times!!!
Weather, you better not ruin my trip!
Co-write with the sibling..looking exciting!
Sometimes I feel like I'm living in a really cool indie film.
Yeah totally what do i need to do
Have a couple snoffledorpe cookies and a couple platzgangers. You'll free so much better. :)
You look like u could be black and mexican or somethin like that.
SD's #humantrafficking guru & rescuer Marisa Ugarte talking with today for a show to air in May.
Fresh baked cookie at the shack brought to you by: KatyCupcake
With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
thanks! Now if could just tone up these abs and arms...
just read a text that said i'm incredible...thanks! #random #amazingfriends :-)
(cont.) If you are looking for a special gift....we can help you!!
Good for you, Doug! I'm looking forward to reading it and seeing you in Cleveland!
RT : Q1) Im less interested in what I use for learning and more interested in what the learners use for learning.
All of you say Wade or Lebron needed to take the last shot. But look at the replay, BOSH was open. He's been clutch before. Why not?
Yeah I always enjoy seeing them. Glad you liked it :)
Why can't you see me?
How bout not taking out your best pitcher for a mediocre closer.
Yes, we Beavers fans are out here! Please fight to keep them in Portland!
Wow! That never happened for us. (Not that Verizon FiOS is much better, but tends to stay connected, at least.)
If the hood was a battlefield , ill earn stripes
Happy Friday! I hope it's a great day for everyone.
The moment when someone ur not even dating asks if ur seeing someone else
Ha! I was waiting for the first comment to show up on the Women and USIH post. thanks for reopening the wormy can! Let's not go t
Oh, I get it. It's just annoying! :)
I was drunk of love, but now im sober.
I worked backward and forward on today's NY Times crossword. Now let's get ready for some football. Go Bills!
Now you're heartbroken ,tears in your face ..
Good choice. Thanks! What did you order?
Cocaine dreams: "...indicates that you are feeling empty and devoid of emotions."
Hey Leo! If I get a monthly Pro subscription to Buffer, can I upgrade to yearly later?
cool! Where is that?
Breakfast with Mary Jules... always a good time.
if u see this RT or follow:) imma MAHOMIE!!!!!
NFL Game NY Giants 14 Philadelphia Eagles 3
hey whats up gurrrrrrrr! finally got a twitter up.
Enjoying a much needed day off!
Just checked your page. Nice beats man!
Man... The Walking Dead season two. Dang... Still not as good as the graphic novels but darn good T.V.
Going to hide some easter eggs for Luca to find in the morning!
"Keys To The City"
maybe the Spirit of Steve will provide you with something!
Happy Mothers Day everybody! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Portland local news anchors+stations have always been great advocates of SOOR + YGames. Thanks for the follow + !
It's 2:30 on my birthday, TF am I gonna do today??
Music Hip Hop Rock Art Video Helping Artists of All Genres Free Mixtape Love
ever dream twice with @ austinmahone wanted to tell him how it was
my flip flops are like 5 sizes too big. i look like a hollister clown.
Sports-free - no (but no play-by-play) any chance to add real-time tweets of traffic conditions before/after events?
congrats Scott walker
grey days make me tired
it used to be so much less complicated, they just changed the format the other day and i was like wat o_o
A midnight marauder ?
I don't like to smell like their sandwiches though, lol
Time to hit Twitter and see if any athletes need any food recommendations.
Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, Fla. In March 2012, one in every 248 housing units received a foreclosure filing
RT Life was so different when Apple and BlackBerry were just fruits!
i wanna play saturday afternoon. Cinco de mayo hoe
someone must have thrown their clock out the window.
Life Application Study Bible NLT
damn I feel old lmao
much better! Did u have a good cinco de mayo?
Watching latest video conference about the new Google Buzz!
...we know why that is. You weren't always sporty.
& Joe is going to be a daddy!? bahaha wow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
can i get ur number boo
lol no no no :( RT you can do it, I believe in you :') *starts doing "we believe in you" chant*
M fresh coffee on a rainy day. Nothin beats it.
Knots were always the hardest thing for me in Scouting. I could never translate the drawing into what you're supposed to do.
I miss the Pace salsa commercials where cowboys used to say the words New York City in that accent. It's just not the same anymore
Don't forget to stop in tonight for one of our 25 featured flavors!
I have some good ass lookin followers
Fireworks, beer, bud, n sushi. Today will rule.
Trust me I'm happy, can't stand the hype when other players just as "skilled" are looked down on.
that last part matters most. Great to hear :p
Wishing a very Happy Birthday today! The man has evolved into a leader in his field of entertainment & communications. Cheers!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Many of the faults you see in others are your own nature reflected in them." ~Rumi
my $25 itunes gift card purchase thru upromise has the option for either a 6 or 12 month financing plan...
aw...how come?
#FezFriday at the Moose in Glendale messing with balloons with the love of my life
I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump? Really?
Hahaha! Me too D:.
Dead serious.
New Yawk New Yawk. Ha ha. Look at all the packer fans heading for the exits. Suck it!!
I just arrived at Citrix - Getting ready for tonight's SFTA members only event. I hope we see all of our friends!
glee baby!
I'm still laughing at talking about these players and their adidas lol
Heading to 30 Rock w/ She'll be on w/Chuck Scarborough :30 on ch.161!
nice how is the traveling
join my live chat?
Sick to my stomach. fk everyones feelings. No one cares about anyone else's so I don't either.
Fashion Tip: Find skirts/dresses that work w/ and w/out tights for the most versatility!
you're such a weirdo
Going to bed on a Sunday night HUNGRY after a big dinner ....idk
Workout was on point ! ...... Jersey Mikes time niggas !!!!!!!!
Joel Ward, Matt Hendricks
I was singing Hey Jude this morning, and now somebody is playing it on the piano in the hospital atrium.
Haha Yess! They are getting the job done even if ur tweets about Texas make me sick.
HELP! Need to know what kind of sunglasses was wearing in the boyfriend video. when he's in the black car.
do? Look at his numbers that entire series compared to everyone else. Ok was 6-34 the last 5 games. Their bench stepped up
thanks! Stop back in again soon!
If you can’t feed a hundred people, then just feed one. Mother Teresa
#SometimesYouHaveTo follow your head, instead of your heart...
Say...."TWEET" for a special discount @ www.PatricksCatering.com...
Will do, thanks a lot!!
Thanks for the follow!
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
I feel like I'm never smart enough, pretty enough, skinny enough, or good enough for anyone
thanks guys!
still a little down :(
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd- its gonna b fantastic!
We've decided to go big for cookies. We'll have GIANT chocolate chip cookies on Saturday at the Hillsboro Farmers Market.
“: Girls Who Rock Beef & Broccoli's >>>” Or Regular Wheat Tims !
Do you think textbooks can be replaced in the next 5 years with eLearning content?
actually lives in NYC and reportedly is a Master Hostess. Make it happen!
thank you so much for keeping us abreast of the hearing!!
Got a suntan today && yesterday freakin hot LF outside!
How does Best Buy only have one cashier open on a Saturday?
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African Proverb
You guys tweet back and forth a lot.
is actively iso a PT job on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD. Got a lead?
JB got a all Electric sports Car wow I did not know they made those
Idk at a party. Chilling but people are getting stopped and attested.
#TPDL2011 extended the submission deadline for tutorials, panels and workshops to February 18, 2011
A nigga at HALL OF FAME gettin tha dome chopped up so a nigga will be brand new for #TWITTERTHURSDAY TWERKTEAM at ENDLESS
I miss and I just saw her.
- so you were, like, six when you recorded it? ;o)
nice dude! What caliber?
hey its me mary w. from school, please follow me back. =)
Who you are determines what you see, who are You?
remember when twitter first came out, everybody thought it was pointless remember the commercial of the family tweeting in stead of talking?
: riely loves his sisters and brothers
Phelps is phenomenal. Number 8. Wonder if anyone will still be watching the Olympics now that he is done.
Just can't keep fans away from Indians-#WhiteSox games, whether they're in Cleveland or Chicago. Avg. attendance is 13,253 through 5 games.
finishing up Jersey Shore :( so sad!
Ur funny bro
I'm bored so, tweet me a singer/band and i'll tweet what i think :). COME ON !
Three followers short of 500. Tell your friends!
Firehouse Subs. We don't work with TGIFriday.
A friend of mine wants to do one, can I make one and send it to you?(:
That awkward moment when your brother is having sex with his girl & you can hear the bed move. Lmao... Oh lord ~
no you're making alex's phone buzz! hahahahaha
I love the shower
is like the dad I never had.
Is it not scary that I can type any student's name into the directory on the MU app and find a phone number if it's listed
Good morning ;)
Couldn't DM you back but thanks for the messages. Have a great Sunday...don't forget the sunblock!
I bet you are an awesome mom!
game day...get focused !
Not on the West Coast. Just sitting down to a yummy ham dinner.
hm boring?
please follow me I LOVE YOU<3
Don't forget to wear GREEN today!!
TONIGHT THE DOPE PARTY CONTINUES www.dopela.com Early Arrival Suggested
The Fifth Down: Giants Say Adrien Robinson Is the Pierre-Paul of Tight Ends
I can't wait to see everyone's facebook photos of flowers at their desk from the "BEST BOYFREIND EVER!!!"
Get at me nigga!
there might be a storm here, in Vegas/henderson, Nevada
Adelaide: "I'm a pretty girl! I want Violet to see!" Steph: [Looks at friends and laughs] "Shortbus."
so I'm in appleton at a martini bar and I wish it was closer to home cuz I think we could have fun
had both but kept Droid and bought ipad for the fun.
thanks for follow (:
I woke up with such a bad migraine, and my eyes are swollen from the lack of sleep.
when u grab them J's for me they're yours!
Oh this is good. The artful dodger will have to step up his game.
#itsawkwardwhen you in the house in your boxers and somebodu come in unexpectedly
2 things to be excited for. Sox sign BobbyV and this cooler weather!
Welcome to the Brown Center’s new feed! Follow us for the latest #edpolicy research, news, and commentary.
Workout then home to watch .
What if we artists use our lulls to establish healthy routines to support us when we are busy working?
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Think too much and you will create a problem that was not there in the first place.
Thank you! Great group here >> RT : #FF Women to know >>
revolution aint a game, it's another name for life fighting
That AWKWARD moment when most of my teachers & assistant principles tell me that im beautiful that most girls are jealous of me.
My family is so dis functional its and it's terrible in this world now we should want to stick as one like sisters but nope we all got probs
I forgot if i'm testing tomorrow .. Ehh, I'll find out in the morning cx
Juan you think anything dealin with alcohol is winning you need help. Lol
Boston's going to the leastern conference finals
#wouldyou pull me closer to you while we are dancing?
Hehe, well, just for Verizon to replace the battery under warranty. I guess the battery went bad or something.
Q3 start following a few people, and you'll find more who interest you
They tryna get it cranked up at these auditions .....mad dese nutz
ha you're retarded
Nothing gayer than a French police siren
lmao I have never looked at your ass before <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
My thoughts and prayers go out to Owen Pickett's family-he was a great public servant and just a great guy, period.
new cell phone w/ 2 year contract= free. new battery for 1.5 yr old cell phone $41.99= ridiculous.
with a huge Win on my birthday my day ends well thank you guys!!!
DAMN MY STOMACH HURT!! I HATE FEELING SICK
argues for corpus approach to media analysis
Thx & LP followers 4 warm twitter welcome! I'm new to twitter not PDX Been lucky 2 to help lead this great KGW team for 13yrs!
I now understand when asked what I was watching tomorrow night.
Good morning, Minneapolis! Gonna talk #librarianscode with the #usain12 preconference in just a few.
What up world Gm, long day ahead of me
House of bread in anchorage is awesome !!!!!!! Happy mouth!!
You cannot solve a problem with the same mind that created it. — Albert Einstein
Spent day in London photographing Sir Christopher Wren buildings - favorite architect; discovered many other jewels + new tea at Twinings
Does anyone in NYC have a church fan tht I can have? A friend needs for a photo shoot
as of right now the alliance is still together but me and mike bonded a great deal last night. A great deal
lets just keep tweeting #LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 before the day ends thanks!
Thunders G James Harden wins 6th man award
About to head to the ATL before going on to PHL. PA, PROM, and then Boardwalk Empire this weekend.
it's been bad for me too. Everytime I say "This is it" I end up eating more haha
FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown & Sexy Affair..... #Come clean or dont come at all
In addition to reducing clots, it has been suggested that regularly drinking green/black teas can lower risk of heart disease.
Wakes up, grabs bong, turns on 2k.
Makin a REAL late Easter dinner.
Migraine-ville.
ready when u r nigguh
Kumbaya and BS. What a combo.
i expect great things from u man ur skills are outta this world also u happen to be cool as well haha
Turns out that customer service telephone reps are overly ecstatic when you use your manners a bit. But really, who isn't?
can't wait to create beautiful hair all day Aveda 2! <3
Dear , I love your fuzzy wallpaper and ecclectic decor. Please don't ever change. K thanx.
Yeah, I thought ippudo was too salty and the noodles were only ok...
Stevie johnson has more ceiling than fitzpatrick
Audi A4 loaner was alright but it felt cheap compared to my car. Happy to have my baby back.
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude. ~Cynthia Ozick
• Phillies on right now. First spring training game!
RT ***Time is running out *** Hurry into TEMA! This is the last weekend for TEMA to pay your sales tax. "No TAX Days" will end May 2, 2011.
BIG BOY moves by bosh finally!
please tell me when and where. This is a must see. I'll buy two drinks. :)
I like them dipped in beer.
In 1980 I saw the SD Clippers with Lloyd Free, Swen Nater, Marvin Barnes, Jelly Bean Joe Bryant, and Bill Walton.
I'm a recovering realist, so I'll take it.
get any fun stuff yesterday?
Good without this morning... 20 more lbs to go then cutting
Thanks! (And amen.)
Stop worrying and thinking about things you can't change… Maybe then you can be happy for once
enjoy your birthday and enjoy a massage for me!!!! That's a direct order ;)) lol enjoy your R&R ....
I stay up night and day thinking up stuff he might find funny
BYU doesn't have the legs to run with Iona. Maybe Brandon Davies isn't the only guilty man on that team.
do you run the 400?! my brother got 2nd place in states last week
Let's please make this happen. I have at least 3 books to get thru. It'll go way faster w/fun people & truck food.
Nathan Ryan in substream magazine !!! <33
All done filming. Had great time. Now it goes to editing. :)
who is Barney marrying?!? ;-)
you be my slowpoke grrl.
Trying to convince my mom to let me go to #playlistlive so I can see and HELP ME GO PLEASEE!!:)
Dude where have you been at ? .-. You have gone missing and shit ..
I'm currently watching the #Brewers game from today on DVR. Travis Ishikawa was just walked intentionally.
Did you find those balls?
already did, just didn't want to put it out there lol
Shout to those new reds that just came out
None of it matters now because I don't want him. Not the way you think, not the way I used to.
since you are from Wisconsin, does that make you a Packer Fan ?
The moral paradox presented by Groupon in their ads is amazing if you think about where Groupon came from.
Today's stat of the day: 37% That's the total % amount of my original weight I've lost in the last year.
My newest task? Building my own webpage... stay tuned... soon it's up!
So glad to hear that. If you enjoy following us on Twitter, feel free to join us on Facebook @ www.facebook/ProjectLookup
Watching Storage wars til I K.O
Lets have a poll. Who likes it when their partner tells them they're f-ing someone else in their bed?
Agreed With the continued growth of mobile and the app store, we will see more of this. DrawSomething: 50mil downloads/50 days!
#VisualEffects goes to #Hugo #Oscars I'm sorry, #HarryPotter, I was rooting for you.
Thanks Rick/Kathy@ HEB the $37 2007 Silkwood Petit Sirah blew my head clean off Glad had extras. Jammy peppery tobacco finish Best I've had
he's a single father with 6 kids. Has to be hard.
Who!!!RT : Fighting in Denver sept 24... Mark your calendars!
miss u too
This was about someone's mom who just died, not you. They died unsuspectedly. So yeah.
hey are u ever ganna give me my imagine? Just wondering
Thanks for the follow! :)
in other words, "maybe?"
rain rain hurry up& go away so a baseball game can be played today! <U+2614>
My relationship with Hamlet is quirky. I know it from seeing and reading it but I know it best because of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
and aren't they creative, tech smart, entrepreneurs also ?
Drop by and see us today; we'll be closed Saturday and Sunday, December 24-25.
Raven Symone came out of the closet ?!?Wow, who would've guessed?
not all of them, also teach people to be themselves
They can't wait! Let us RT you boob.
ok seriously you'll do great!! And yes she would!!
figure it out mike
no! Are you?
It's SOO screwy! I'm sure it makes your job harder.
Hey NYC Lovers! Sign up for , use promo code FCDNYC, get $5 free to spend at B&J and raise $5 for charity!
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME?!
Good morning. Yes absolutely 100% Blessed, no doubt. Have a safe trip, keep in touch ;)
I just heard you guys are coming to Raleigh soon, it's an awesome studio.
In 4 hours my weekend begins!!! Can't wait!
U can call it dom....condom
Missed every 10 footer I saw, stuck behind a group of 35 handicap senior citizens, broke another tooth. Walked straight from 13 to my car
congrats to welcome to the family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
thanks for the #mm! We appreciate it :)
Blocking all emails that have the words Valentine, Chocolate or Flowers. Take that, Hallmark holiday.
yeah except if the source link is broken or bad via original pin then all repins lead nowhere
seems like a lot... did you actually eat a hamster?!?
noonee is ever awake
Dudes are dumb !
My knee locks up sometimes and apparently it's because my knee cap gets caught on a muscle.
*High 5* *Kisses on the cheek <U+E414>*
so excited for you babe!!!
“: . *Breaking-character* You're an asshole. Stay in character or get lost. Seriously.” /exactly.
Great idea Joe! ": I say we do a #SheHeChat from Seesters one of these Thursday nights when it gets warmer. "
Woke up with a little sand in my mouth this morning.
it's on all day I believe?
Jeffrey Maier reaching over the wall to help Derek Jeter's "home run" against my Orioles in '96. Awful
Editorial: Increased educational requirements for local police serve the public&#39;s interest
ok cool
my bike just got stolen. blue trek 7.1 with yellow 'bike PGH' and 'bike hair is sexy' stickers. shot in the dark but might as well do APB.
Just... don't...tweet about it again. Please. Next thing we know, The Milk Fic will be trending.
ugh still working on that. I'm hoping to figure that all out by the end of the week. Did you start w the Buccos yet?
(*)i'm nOt ShY..i JuSt DoNt LiKe YoU!(*)
MT: : Matteo Gulfi: "Natural wine is vinegar." >>Let's hear some other voices! What do YOU think?
Ready to leave work at The WKU Store and find #beef for lunch!
She texted me and said my hormones are goin crazy and I want ruffsex. I texted back bitch I ran a mile today throw me some throat I'm tired
lol..but not really. Probably getting fired.
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken for flirting:(
I'm still alive but barely breathing. Praying to a god that I don't believe in.
you have mentioned that several times. Now, let's stop arguing and start working together to end homelessness.
It's Billick, bro ;)
Not in a good mood today!
In Everything Give Thanks... Thank You For the Hard Times. Thank You for the Good Times... I Thank God Now, for he is Good!
Very inspired right now
I cant understand this asshole
Nice to be back playing men's league again!
MUCH LOVE SHORTY FROM THA O.G N HAVE A GREAT DAY. CHECK ME OUT STRAIGHT OUT OF DALLAS...
still have power. so im gonna take this opportunity to take a shower, use the bathroom, and watch the movie
Yes! I will do it before class tomorrow.
Very pleased that we will be welcoming to our staff later this month. Now officially sanctioned by his predecessor !
choimhthioch labhirt teanga is hard to do with muinin if you are just dtosach so its a good thing you have a connection to RapTV.
it's at the YMCA in penfield. They have an outdoor one too. Love that gym!
Tai Chi flow....that was fun
am I the only one not watching the eagle cam?
You know it is going to be a good day when you have a dream about <3
great project brother. i hope #SHEEZYTAPES gets the attention it deserves. i rocked it on the drive home too!
good on you! Let your dog poo all over your own property without picking it up but leaving it on public property? Not cool.
“: Thanks for always having my back and loving me! We are pure weirdos but biffles for life.” awe love you BFF
Party! RT : Tix to our 2nd Annual event have officially SOLD OUT! See you Tues, come hungry! Thirsty too!
You can do what you want to do, accomplish what you want to accomplish, attain any reasonable objective you may have in mind--no
to spank me.
Where are ya in the world?:)
Gettin ready to watch
A week from now, I will be playing in the first match of the season for the SJTL. Spring outdoor tennis bears little resemblance to indoors
Believe in me, 'cause I believe in you.
It doesn't get more straight raw gutter gutter street NY rap than UncleMurda...
4 more days til the book signing. I'm all ready to go. I just need clear skies.
After the launch it will become clear why our avatar is a mobile phone
2nd Samuel Adams 'summer ale'
. I like Hickson, and he can be a solid contributor, but "dominant force" slow your Fresno roll kid.
I miss you girl
spots available for 2 this Saturday??
It would be so helpful if I could read Japanese right now ...
Are you a member of NACUBO? I am doing a session at Midwest EDUCAUSE on CIO/CBO relationship with a CBO. NACUBO too?
Holy cow. is nearly funded and we're only half way through. We were going to do several KS campaigns but we may only do one.
We're here at the serving up Pulled Pork & Brisket. Come get some grub and drink some brew!
text me back? please?
My bus got overrun with 4 year olds! Like 40 of them!
then I'd have to worry about her either killing me, or ripping it out haha :)
Your circumstances are opportunities to create your destiny
isn't my baby floyd fighting tonight ?
I love how happy my boy makes me!! (:
#ValleyLeadership thanks you for creating these amazing videos!
same here
Can't wait for dinner tonight !! With and others. Thanks bring on the risotto!!! Yum
good to have u in la!
concuss your head!
When a guys tells you,your beautiful and he is really cute & has alot of girls on him.He probably just says that to each one of 'his girls'!
Nothing makes my Monday morning brighter than emails and messages about lives changed at ! Honored to be a part of it all.
psu book prices not up again...so frustrating!
It all comes to the surface eventually.
I don't care about the Celtics.
yes. Excellent way to boost revenues
Happy Friday too you! Have a good weekend!
yeah! Keep it up !! Lets go #Pack9 :)
Thanks for the follow!
Hamilton will steal a police van and have a pic taken with it at every ballpark he homers at. And sends them back to Valchek
ART Station | “2012 Children&#39;s Summer Performance Series”
Cool morning. :) <U+E326>
your the besst :D
Wear my scarf today since im get my hair done tonight.IDGAF
Become a Health Insurance Agent with ANAE - Help us bring health insurance to Indian Country - join us and make a difference
great show, keep up the great work...
haven't yet. May do that today!
great read Matt. I'm boarding a plane in 30 minutes. I think I'm going to ask the pilots to turn off their phones :)
Lol": blowing.....idgaf.....right in front of the job..."
My favorite piece of gear that I own is....
I love chocolate covered raisins..<3
you can just eat your own shit
my favorite word is: salacious.
Yay! Ordered all my transcripts for my transfer. Now I'm going to bed.
LMFAO!!! Must be massive knockers then! :P
It's national Spaghetti day! Come have some!
My cousin is getting ready for her formal!
Thanks to for covering MYC presser opposing AB481 this afternoon.
Thanks so much for the follow. Like your ws. Simple and to the point.
You're a big liar, liar-rreah!
what's up ? Good to be on campus ;)...15th and Wells lunch today
I need to play golf soon
Not sure. I've read "On Writing" and some of his short stories but none of his behemoth novels.
Who cares as long as they beat the crap out of each other! 3OT would b nice!
Aw its over.
We all have our quirky sides.
Matt, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me.Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Oh. Well I hope it sells for oodles.
You can catch me saucy in my Barcelona jersey/santa costume at santacon tomorrow
Love the braids! I love to do updo's on day 2 hair! :)
“: awe don't worry we'll get weird soon hehe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” u know I can't wait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
LOL, I'll be sure to make look very nice and clean just for you. :) Interiors, carpets, buffed, etc. #perfect ;)
5 Extra Useful Apps For Music Fans (Hypebot)
To soon
today when i get off maybe? i need his smile and laugh in my life...he always makes me happy!
haha too much! I'll never forget it.
To be continued...
Going through Orlando! wonder if we'll run into
Thanks for the RT!
Q re: dealing with off-the-record convos. A: Make sure the person understands that you're not a counselor.
Facebook expected to hit 1 billion users by August of this year.
Whats The E-mail To Send Beats?
#ORSPartners just joined Facebook! Like us!
one week until I go to Canada!!! :D
good times! No baseball this year?
excited to see you today! It's gonna be a partayyy(;
Thanks, let me just talk to my new best friend Billy Payne and see what I can do for you.
whats up homie! It was really good seeing you last night, we need to make that happen again but this time on purpose lol
As of June 16, I will no longer own NachoFilm.com :(
Yea so its on so dnt act funny when yall get the dog shyt beat out of yall and u lose the bet
O family feud....
Donna Summer's music helped so many #lgbt people, especially youth, through difficult moments. Thank you.
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years. Don't sell him as the "bat" we've been waiting for.
Last-night was weird & fun but this morning was even weirder, waking up to "Cheena" my friends pet spider monkey sitting staring at me!
Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney believe English should be the primary language used in schools.
": Why do I only think of cool sayings after I've seen em on a Tshirt?? ;-/" !! Totally. I hear you!
When people waste your time &lt;.
your boy is about to kill himself in the library
need sum luv from u boo just cants stop thinkin about u.
Getting ready to watch some awesome derby tonight ! Bringing knitting for a great combination.
How is everyone doing today? cause I'm straight up bored and have the mondays...someone change that?
I'm watching the 40 year old virgin this movie is too funny
#1ThingIFindSexy buying brand name even when supermarket alternative is cheaper
Hungry but too lazy to make food. Oh well.
Don't feel like cooking for the Holidays?Book for your Holiday event! Sweet and savory all from one place! 312-545-0951
Lets chat about this in the next few days and try to make something happen.
yeah man.
That would explain the previously inexplicable contract extension.
Fall farmers market is a great way to start your weekends. Don't forget we are just off the Monon.
cool, thanks! RT Thanks for the follow, followed back! :)
the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow! Number 1 spot here you come!!
I dunno why I just thought of this, but if the Rangers make the finals, they will have beaten 6, 7 & 8 and if LA does, they beat 1, 2 & 3.
lol, she wont listen though ...continue to vibe B;)
....well maybe we can do it with your help :)
Happy Star Wars Day!
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Just got confirmed
Monday, Monday... here we go let work people... let short week...alot of things to look forward too this week.. class and the gym today...
looks like a cool dude.
Please follow my other account , I tweet from there most often, and I follow back just tweet me xx
When you accept your decision to follow the path of being an artist the first & last things you should do is associate with creative people
I am coming through Conroe from Beaumont to College Station on Tuesday between 10 and noon. You going to be around?
Possession of material riches, without inner peace, is like dying of thirst while bathing in a lake. - Paramahansa Yogananda
#HappyBirthdayBrent (: ": IF WE TREND MY BIRTHDAY I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST EVER!!"
Fanny pack: check. Brand new iPad3: synching. Starfleet uniform t-shirt: check. Inform 7 lesson plan: check. I love packing for
I love what's going on in Hollywood right now. With all this talk about changes, tell me, how do you feel?
This woman is all about courage. She was kidnap'd and raped 2.5yrs ago outside her salon. Now she's holding a fundraiser for Golisano kids'
#Pens need to get rid of Lovejoy
Wednesday should be great o_O (sarcasm intended)
Body massage?? Yeah I #need that pronto!
so far so good! We used a local TN company, I do not recommend them!
Claudia, are you ready to evaluate the SPM data mining suite?
Thank you for sharing such a fantastic view with me this afternoon! Very excited for the DFG!
please follow me.......
": Tatt your whole body you don't give a mutha'fuck you say? #OHyoumustbecool" our just stupid
WHO? WAIT WE'LL FINISH THIS TOMORROW. Loves ya nite! tell peeps im back. and........idunno just tell them im back
I don't care who wins I just don't want it to be the heat
just noticed that the leopard print limo lives in west LA.
so.stabby. need.chocolate.
Happy birthday Mare! You totally lucked out on the awesome weather today so go out and enjoy!
can not believe diaz did not come to the fight I have a fight tomorrow and would never miss it
Joe FTW RT : THIS. RT I have never been more grateful for Joe Biden's inability to stop himself from talking.
Mosquito bites...
so that must make me a CasualAcquaintance--
Wadup everybody? Do ya boi rite here a favor and follow me on twitter
#IfOnlyICould tell you how i really felt about you !
. So sorry for your loss, and yes, isn't this every parent's biggest fear -- losing a child? UGH. Never goes away.
Thanks for a great day of Hill meetings promoting vision and eye health programs at #CDC and
Should I be concerned about trying to remember something that I didn't know to begin with? More writing, less talking!!
It's just a shimmy and a shake.
This fantasy baseball seems pretty crazy with the offseason changes made. I always say that, but it seems especially true here.
Dangettttttt! . I have strep!!!!/:
Looking forward to my next shopping trip now that the construction is over!
Apt description embittered and despairing
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1995 Rapper Eazy-E died of #AIDS at the age of 31.
My boss told this Mexican family, "my Spanish is as bad as your English."
will do.
cut and dry and to the point! Love it
Going to get ready for the mall! Cant wait to get my new #TOMS and new shirts from #Aeropostale! New music video tomorrow!
Not sure if the best moment of the day- watching the little girls chase the #chickens, or them telling me about it!-
happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday :)))
Bitch you mad at me now? Go fuck yourself cuz I was the last friend you had but you chose to have none
that is a great mivie, but dont think my baby would like it. Prefers elmo.
I rested quite well today. Busy day tomorrow!! :-)
“: Decided to go to Torchy's instead. Can't handle PB&J today.” Good girl :-)
North Carolina u dum.
Hope you're right about UVa being a 10 seed (as opposed to an 8/9 as some folks still have).
You've got a submission! As promised. Steeling myself for the rejection. Be blunt. I can take it.
I know it's winter in Los Angeles, but it's quite cold in my office. But that's just management trying to murder us.
Now Chris Brown has a few more reasons to hide his head in shame.
Drive time tonight, where will you be? You should be at your radio: AM560 KLZ from 5:30-6:00. Some don't-miss hot topics on tap
Nevershoutnever and Owl City. i love you
#DailyRebellion (courtesy of ): Catwalk everywhere U go, as if the world were your runway. In other words, put the bass in your walk.
Baby I can't be with out you.
Greetings & thanks for connecting with us! Comedy is good for one's health...where can my clients go to laugh and have fun? ~Linda
you is a real DUMB AS !
First exam abroad tomorrow...
thanks for the info. I'm out of ink.
Did you really send that message or was it a SpamBot?
Welcome back to Twitter. I hope school and the VA are treating you well.
Finally started tracking the drums for the new album. As slow as we are, this could mean a release by next Christmas, :-P
clicked the link because im at school;) hehe:p
I love you so... *cough* *cough* ...hold on I'm gona get a drink, I will finish that later <3 no just kidding. I love you so much! <3 :D
No matter how old I get I still love me some lion king but still can't watch simbas dad die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
lol ya you better love colt he is freaking amazing
Theta received gold recognition for Leadership and Service/Philanthropy!
"She had a tan line... on her ass hole, bro." "Wait, what were you doing near there?"
I'm going for the Dodgers against Arizona. Lol
Am at the cusp of applying for positions. Not talking to third parties particularly. Need to contact orgs directly.
#NBA2012PLAYOFFS Do you #Follow #CLIPPER ? #Follow now & GET READY to ROCK the #PLAYOFFS w/
More rain delays...
Oh happy day! Ok, I'm lying to myself.
You expect your close friends to always be there when you need them...well ig i dont have any
“: #Leo's favorite quote "I'm right, you're wrong and there's nothing you can do about it."” so true <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
ha! sounds like a winner
How do we change Asperger's Disorder from an invisible to a visible disability?
Break time at #CloudFairSeattle -- Tweet us who YOU are chatting with!
Getting paid for it, or you stuck on your own?
Lol.. How many times have you heard this when someone is interviewing you "Well, we've run out of time... do you have any questions?"
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.-Napoleon Hill
why did the engaged users and talking about metrics become the same? I liked be able to see how many photo views or video plays we had.
This Mifflin is for the boys. Not for me but for the boys.
We will just have to see what happens. But i hope the do beat Oklahoma haha
The NJ Nets' break up with NJ causes sales of ice cream and tissues to soar in the Garden State
Saints Johnny Patrick will be on Sports Radio Show "Overtime" tonight @ 10pm on
State law requires defibrillators to be at every public school. People no longer have to be trained to use - they are designed to be simple.
I think Paris is a very romantics place *-* I like there
HA! I saw the list. Just another reason this country is in awful shape and declining rapidly. Good HEAVENS.
Thanks kindly
Not too obvious, just too terrible. Haha.
will we see a scene together?!?!?!? Nothing would be hotter
it's a good one to live by.
Take a look at Petrarch and thanks very much! =D
Rule number one: you do not pick up singles at the club if someone is making it rain.
My 17-yr-old raised >$500 for at a gaming tourney advertised through social media. Does that count?
“: First time using the butterfly pull-up during a WOD - total game-changer! Watch out Fran. #CrossFit” get some!
happy birthday <33333 love ya!
Ugh...2moro i gotta do work...on math...i suck at it..but at least its easy (:
Milk chocolate Seegars, root beer lollipops sweeten dad day. WWW.sees.com
Keep your Weather Radios on tonight... there's a good chance they'll be going off during the early am. (Rats, I was hoping for sleep)
Technically 69th best in the country. Goddamnit, I'd love to be 67th.
#HonestyNight im watchin this bake pop commercial & really considering buying one
Just had one of those "have a break down and get a pep talk from an audience that is only your friends" thanku Baltimore, it's been awhile.
Where the hell is that Ferguson whn U need em ?
Sun beating this morning..
Want to reach Louisville Moms? Send me a message, I can make it happen!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! :D
try doing some studying, then I bet you will get tired!
1ST round or Elite 8, you lose, you're out! SUCK IT UNC! HAHAHAHA
I love to see the hard work on #Eng9 essays. We are all writers!
Dammit, I'm coming, Mouth Wide open!!! <3
Going go-carting
If I leave the office before then I am definitely going to stop by.
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. The second impression means the most and thats when I figure a person out.
i hate bein :-x
:) good idea
haha I wanna see that shit
When I was in college, I took a Film Analysis class. It was one of my favorite classes ever; loved every minute and got to see the Greats.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.” Thomas Paine (1737–1809)
falling asleep <<<<<
med school is silly.
Country’s First-Ever Drag Queen Bar and Gaming Venue, Drink & Drag, to open at Neonopolis May 5!! I am speechless! Now where is my lipstick?
Who is everyone picking in the Ohio State/Penn State game this weekend?
It's said as of today, the minorities are now the majority. I think we need to come together regardless to end the race issue.
The last novel I read was The Help, a year ago. Before that, American Wife; before that, Oscar Wao. Oscar Wao was pre-Erin, forever ago.
wrong. So very, very wrong. Let us know the results. Flavor?
My 3rd show in 6 months, always a hell of a show!
Closeup of the moon...coming right up.
Interesting to see registered Dems and Reps screaming to #StopSOPA They dutifully elect the mouthpieces of lobbiests and then wonder why?
Beyond the Summit is only $.99 on the kindle. Can be read on your computer with free software.
Sounds tasty, but it's no pig head.
have fun in eire-land: lots of singing and arguments are never settled with guns, just fists and molotov cocktails!
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? We have gift cards available for purchase.
Love showing my rental listing at 3630 Durham Ln - there's always chickens and roosters crowing! And we're in north #clt peeps, not country!
Happy May Day.
Meaningful Trip - cool travel while giving a helpful hand. Who's interested?
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE
thank you both!
Banana split martinis are the greatest. Nuff said.
u live n newyork right
are the commercials for "diabetes care club" directed toward a demographic of geriatric sugar shoveling couch slugs?
Adele is AMAZING. I admire that woman so freaking much.
seriously, i hate the clips. Floppers, bullies, and they ugly.
Start to make gratitude a daily habit and say thank you every single day for all of the miracles that are already in your present.
I'll be home Friday night! We should plan something for saturdaY night!
I assume Spike Lee stayed in his seat tonite? Not much to cheer about if you're a Knicks fan... Heat win by 22 in laugher at MSG. On to CLE.
BINGO! That is the correct answer!
just got to Chicago! IPass and , time to get thru this city!
Woohoo another win for the bulls!
#BusinessTrip RT : Doc Rivers said everyone, including Pierce, is expected to play tonight
Tickets don't go on sale until Friday though?
It was great!! Completely packed...and enough funding for four of your kiddos in Iraq :)
Lord shoot me now. Forest is in the game smh
<U+2660> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+25BA> {link--------------
Thanks for including us in your tweet!
No school today :D Thank you Battle of flowers parade!
Looking for cinematographers,camera operators & folks interested in shooting a movie. Email
I never thought people would be moving to Florida to get away from the heat.
well u see i was suppose 2 see the lorax today bt it started at 1:20 so meanwhile i watched most of mirror mirror & some HG
You bring us the world ! This is the least we can do. We love and look forward to your events! Peace and Love!
: aw....you melt me......hope your sitch is improving....my best to u and yours <3
Gmail goes down the same day Facebook announce their new messaging system!
oh gone head with ya bad self!
You're welcome
why did you delete the salvador lens etc and then make us pay again to get them back in a new pack? I'm not pleased at all.
Life has gone to the dogs
Gotta love the Restaurant Report Card courtesy of !
Constant inventiveness is America's only hope and means to sustain our competitive advantage in the marketplace!
Hmm.. Maybe I'll check them out. Right now, I think Banana Republic might be at the top of my to-shop list.
gotta fight em all, I suppose . . . STOP BLOWING YOUR NOSE SIR
What would you have done differently (for Obama campaign)? A: I would have used Helvetica. (joke)
you've seen Avengers already?
I'm in your car Billy Ocean. Now what?
didn't do anything I was supposed too but I guess it was an alright weekend
omg u and Nat look amazing together!!
i cant go =(?-puppy eyes
They look so cute :)
Having an ice cream treat with my girls at BR. Celebrating end of sba testing!
I love you best friend!!!!
Absolutely! Glad to see you guys out on the scene. Sending Good Vibes for the upcoming album release! Peace. BK
Ohh my goodness ! If you followed us back, I would absolutely freak out!!!(: -Megan
Somebody itch my back.
Money does talk. Just want to best represent the brand & optimize the format to tell our (historical) stories
Looking for a proofreader or an editor? #Follow-->> so she can help you get ready to be published.
miss all of u how was the first day back
RT RT if you're in bed
I want waffles :-)
Kinda cool seeing Serena Williams in person lol
thanks homie. I'm doing the carb back-loading thing and Ive gotten stronger and leaning up, so its working.... (cont)
what does it mean when it says "includes actual clothing justin wore for his album photo shoot" ? like legit ? his underwear or somethin ?
Who do you miss?
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
The fight for equality presses on -- I have several pieces of legislation aimed at improving public education in Baltimore.
good luck doe bro put on for green run
Just got finish workin out, on top of that helpin my uncle do some yard work
Anyone who watches soccer should tell me his this afternoons game went
Lmao, this guy honestly loves me. how nice.
Wow!! Does the morning get any better in the Chi!!!
ten more minutes til i can go into the loyola dance. yaaaaay
": Who has to work in the morning?? #NotMe" are you talking to
Iwould kill for my amily no matter how much we fight, argue and say stuff we dntt mean...<3(:
Thanks for following
Where in Baltimore are you? If you're in Charles St/Mt. Vernon area, I think you'd enjoy -> Good Belgian beer
Ik! That's cuz I'm stupid!!!
Time to get a Kindle! Or go to #Internet Archive or Google Books or Online Books & find many free online. T
Sounds like you and I need to have a dutch bros. and killing spree day soon.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
#Norwood case goes "beyond hazing" according to Denver DA's office.
Commitment lends structure & sustenance to our dreams.
forever wishing i could work at Sugarscape. omg it would be perf.
No school! Working on music today.
My bros r watching stupid shows and stupid everything just like them they r so stupid (god plz help me!)
aw!!!!! What a sweetie pie!!! Mucho boy points for him!!!
Thank you these links are helpful! Google was not pulling these up.
Do Miami play tonight??
the #DCFlacks meetup group has a message board; feel free to post!
When I was younger I bought ppl CD's & wished I could work with them...now I'm grown & they are calling me to work with them!
Did I hear jive and inxpo are collaborating?
Total prelim. turnout in the #wirecall primary for governor today was 1,316,736, a 54% increase over 2010 primary. 30.3% of eligible voters.
just brought vitamin c & tea home for me cuz im sick.
you have to put the underscore. alik_rainey
Snow white.(:
I'm mad cause I can't hug my mom on her 62nd birthday!
A huge birthday shout-out to April of !! Hope you have a wonderful, relaxing day!!
The mall is bonkers currently!
: "Did I ever tell you guys I have the largest collection of pirate movies in Charlottesvile?"
... But I have nothing against fat people tho. :) I just wouldnt choose to eat that 3rd plate. But shit.. If u hungry.. EAT HOE
oh I know!! They're just so adorable!!!
City c:
Miss my Robalob and K-Man. Next Thursday can't come fast enough.
I never stopped believing! haha I am so excited though I don't think I could have watched a brewers game without
Too many ideas, no time to do anything about them. Aargh.
I need to change my handle, since I'm closing down the www.
thanks! It's rainy in Miami. Boo. :(
Unimpeachable sentiment, Jacquelyn
#ChildhoodGames Dressing up like a ghost and pelting your little brother with waffles! Sweet, sweet innocence...
“: Awh lord this girl just cranked a Grand Slam !”. That will never happen to you!! Lol
WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation:PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open...
Chapter 2012 Page 134 of 366 I love Social Media, but it can't replace good ole face-to-face interactions.
Doc and the top we shall go!
Sunday drive with Miles Davis on the stereo.
I have the same problem bro,ill be like you want some&they Luk away “ White People Always Stare At Me When I Eat. It's Not Cute.”
kind of, I stay further south
APD investigating shooting on the 300 block of Wisconsin in Ne #ABQ. More details soon.
And to us!! Let's celebrate! RT : Happy FIVE Year Anniversary to Roy's Waikiki!!!!
You'll say You Love Me And I'll End Up Lying And Say I Love You Too
LET ME GET A RT BY ALL THE #BRUINS FANS THAT WANNA SEE A SWEEP TONIGHT!
Beautiful picture.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo are believe everything they read in newspapers on the internet or hear on the radio or television....
Look for a Royal visit to St Augustine in #staug 2015 (not Queen but possibly Prince William and Catherine).
Or we could just keep you in the gangster booth to keep us company! ; )
RT : for the love of god #fastandfurious was not botched
Get ready for tomorrow night's #ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest. 2 winners (+1 guest) win VIP seats to watch 1st round.
I'm at school now.
yep... found at some pet stores (if they have freezer). We give2 our dog on her bday... she loves it. Safe for them to eat.
You're like my favorite song On the radio, radio, radio, radio I could listen to you all day You're like a music video, video vi-vi-video
Top players from last year who will miss the list this year: Gates Wayne Charles Mathis Bowe Mangold Ryan Colston
saw someone pay their gas with an old navy card?
I haven't read any of these and I'm remembering why you are always so helpful when one doesn't know what to read.
#ASECS12 Now Juan Christian Pellicer, considering Anne's patronage of poets in particular.
hey girl howw are you and how is the prgnancy goin
Of course! Thrilled that + the men of are doing it RT : thanks for supporting
Random tweet for anyone interested, the new extras on the Grindhouse blu-ray are great. If you...are thinking...of not getting it...DON'T!
that's cool that they are but it's more than that a good story goes farther than the attributes of one or more characters.
#BounceThatAss For This Last Reese's Cup
I always just miss #AskTheDragon Question sessions Fux
"everybody just wanna play the wii, play the wii, play the wii..." // hoping is doing well :)
#Broncos should make a claim. What say you ? RT : Roster move,waived WR Blair White
ha! Say something, I dare you!
Anyone own a Kona? Looking at a Zing Deluxe but wanted some feedback.
DEBBIE DOES DALLAS
Awww you guys have a very good-looking family. =)
Thanks for the follow - we look forward to your tweets!
Cute ad but why is the government spending $3 million on the census?
justin what time do you get up in the morning
I was raised in Haiti and my mom was born there, and seeing the outporing of support is so moving to me. THANK YOU on behalf of everyone.
and that is why I love twitter!! let me know if you ever need someone to talk to, i'm always here :)
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing is invading my person space when I am in a line for something
Modern slavery: buy an education and a car to get to work, then go to work to pay for the education and car.
Brasil makes better jets than Canada. In always more comfortable on Embraer Jets than CRJs.
Happy to help!
I always get confused wondering if I accidentally started following someone.
They believe the ubiquity and security of the platform will hold up, even as more service providers eat in to SMS with Data options.
yep a hangover by 3pm sounds about right
Had a great first day training for the KB half marathon <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Ok.ok..ok.
what class ?
RT Louisiana House Ed committee begins debate on anti-bullying bill.
Awesome day!
god damn it :\ I've been texting you like crazy, haha >.< And I thought you needed to know. haha
complete killer. Great to meet you too!
catch up soon?
#motown is the perfect mid day pickup
Stepping into a Starbucks audition
next time you are here, we should have a gin taste test.
I love that song.... The chance to get to be known to you and lots of other people is something for me to dance for..!
nailed it.
AEGreenClean thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Imperial Stout: A high alcohol stout brewed by the Brits to impress the Russian Czar. Inspired today's Double IPAs brews.
Thanks to all of my long time and new followers! Trying my best to respond and follow every1 back looks like theres follow limit though! =(
Pitti: EAD often records intellectual/conceptual links between individuals ex. 20th C. collector of Dante's works
Then I went away and wrote the short story Myndset, then came back to the main book.
aright, aright, aright! Lol.
am I still eligible if I last played HS football in 1986?
Does it? Maybe more accurate for surveyors?
RT : RT : While some employers ban #socialnetworks, here at #Kforce, we see the benefits of them!...
Do you think the soldier-suspect is even in Afghanistan at this point?
Looking at Taj Gibson's stats he should at least be in the running for sixth man of the year.
Making sex noises while I eat this cake. Can't help it.
seriously?! where?:D
Flyers, Phillies, Sixers all win! It's a Philadelphia night!
benefits: provide meaningful stats to admin; can see high and low use areas; can tell if users benefit; can do URL maint.
can't wait to celebrate the launch of with u tomorrow!! So exciting!
i go off bye
so much better! I felt like I suffered through SBS this went by so fast because it was so amazing!
#letsmove #Kids complaining about the heat? Why not turn on the sprinklers and let them get some #fun #exercise? Fun for the
are #winning all damn day erryday!
never get tired of that show
Watching Major League Favorite line if the movie "hey bartender looks like JoBu needs a refill"
You go home smelling like pork, so you get a double seat on the train all to yourself.
It's Good Friday just a reminder the banksare closed today.
this sat 11:45pm hosted by funny girl" latice.. seymour saturdays ny comedy club 241e24thst. mention twiter for discount 2126965233
: Chemical magic shows and crystallization of masculine control over audiences.
Going to try!
We are excited too! RT : Should we give out choc or sour patch kids to the kids this year?
We all got our angels and our demons...
My middle school self can't help but snicker every time I see the book that sits in our office bathroom. Title? "Streams in the Desert."
What i wouldnt give to hear your voice...
The answer translated to "I'm a virgin, I swear by my children." Can't imagine that happening on the US version.
yes, primarily in MKE, will follow so we can connect!
AWESOME... I just had a client cancel tomorrow so I may get some tailgating in. Go #lobos 0-4 or 2-28 for
No access to TV right now. MLB needs to get video of the second Braun HR up soon. Heard it's a bomb.
Who wants to bring me a pack of cigs to my work? Might go postal without em
Tomorrow will be my first full day since my surgery ^-^
This is it!! Today is #QBM11 day! 4 to 9pm. concert 9pm. Tomorrow 9am to 4pm. Del Mar Hilton. thequeenbeemarket.com
It's Frangelism month @ New Life International Family Church 5349 Snapfinger Woods Dr. Decatur, Ga Bishop J.C. Williams
Time for a run!
Oh, and super good to see again!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
christmas eve dinner..finally
No worries. I really enjoyed the talk and learned about a new apps.
RT : Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 08/28/2009 at 05:00 PM @ Andy's J... in Chicago, IL
omg is following me!!!!
Jz woke up on a fine Saturday day....gonna chill w and then tonight for
check out bossing it with evan wrekn ,switch ill featuring me
Angry Gran is addicting
:::Attention::::attention:::ATTENTION:::Party @ #NOTTE w/ ,, & YOU #CollegeAPPRECIATION <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Okay another mall trip tonight..to get my ring back from Ed sphinx. Now it will fit my ring finger.
thank you…that would be awesome! thanks for sharing me with your peeps :)
I say own to much :|
Hm I wonder whats wrong with twitter tonight? It's not loading very well if at all...
Come outside now please
I get around but I can't forget about it n tell that other lame dats enough to get his brains blown out.
I'm not thick,don't have makeup caked on my face,im not naked in public/in pics,nor do i have a head full of tracks&i can still pull niggas!
Tweeps - I'll be in DC tomorrow through Tuesday. Hit me up.
Spotify is my best friend.
You can get books and many other products from Amazon
I mean, I guess I feel like if you want to live in a theocracy, there are plenty around the world for you to choose from.
Now I am fully fucking forever alone.
I hope Dwight Howard is watching Bynum film. Bynum takes games off, no doubt. But he has 1,000x the offensive game than D has. PRACTICE!?!?!
I hate topamax... Another 9 pounds lost and no freaking appetite yet I have eaten nothing all day. Doctor appointment here I come.
J Hudson did a good job with the Whitney tribute!
holla at me need help cuz
School sucks!
YOU KNOW IT, THATS ALL I SPIT NIGGA.
I just saw Haidy!!!! He's so tall!!!
Gonna b @ memorial 9-11 in Las Vegas . Cu there. Bill
Cullerton welcomes Gov. Walker with sarcasm
See each of these apps as department stores when selecting what platform works for you -
Just stopped @ Panera :)! 2 more hours on the bus until Vermont and Game Time!
Hit us we hit u back End of story 98% of the time. 2% of them led 2 people who don't no shit change the way its playd 4 130 yrs
Need a rally inning!!!!
Miss G so funny. Gave her 4 melon ball sized scoops of chocolate coconut ice cream, "It's a BIG TREAT MIA!"
do u still have the same number?
planning a sweet 16 bash HOPESPIN style! performing & EVERYTHING! also getting ready for the official "DANCE WITH ME" video! get stoked!
DM me so we we can talk
Those were Hannah's exact words on Skype today xD
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. -- Satchel Paige
i'm not a huge fan of christmas commercials, but it is fun to watch them rollout new ones. esp lovin' the new kia ones with my boy Blake
"Superficiality: Literal and phenomenal" is title of Michael Rock's presentation.
Boss lady took me out for lunch today. Woop!
sure thing! Please tell anyone else out there so no one leaves :)
good (that you're not watching) b/c there hasn't been much prettiness from the orange and black
Two of bigger question marks heading into #SFGiants season are coming up: Aubrey Huff. Brandon Belt. Let's see how it goes.
WE NEEDED A LEADER
If you enter the #Emmys and create a composite, put the absolute best story you have 1st. Trust me.
Nothing like a good ol Redbull for breakfast lol
For anyone who needs a history lesson
Forever on some fly shit .
Amazing ingnorance of Americans on almost everything economic & political & how Fed'l Gov't works.
Make yr way to Maker Date - starts now !
sounds good
Almost time for another installment of delicious Q
Which one did you go with? Subway has salads ya know :) RT : Gotta have subway or a salad today...
I actually fell asleep at 6 PM...!
Oh my goodness! Just read the first 6 pages of J&L to Libby - she was completely enthralled! Now she's wishing on a star! Wow! So exciting!
Praying for her and for your family
And the Fountainhead event raffle winner is... Lisa Gann-Perkal. Mazal tov!
#shitsoftballplayerssay eat it!
I wish I could stop time & just sleep for as long as my body lets me. & then wake up & continue my day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Clayton. You never call me, so I don't wanna hear it. :)
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary
Too bad E!'s coverage for LatAm is dubbed, it's a lot better than ABC's...
although these taking books are fantastic, they've got some puzzling things. like saying a guy's job was "Penobscot"
thats love for ya.!!
2011.09.28 #Brewers 7 #Pirates 3 | Game one sixty-two / supreme regular season / play next one at home.
Than I wipe all the sweat off me face..
You're beeping like fools bc your semester is over. I'm sitting in my car waiting for exam to start at 1. Goodbye...........
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
Anyone need an Everton supporter for their #twitter92? Look no further than this goofy American who loves his 7th place Toffees!
Is it seriously that hard to put a decent outfit together ?!
When I'm with to you, I smile. Everything around us disappears and it's all about us. Only me and you, no one else. <3
Just had the chance to meet in person, what a nice guy! Thanks for stopping in!
Mean Girls movie night :)
is here all morning & this afternoon celebrating launch of tours
Have fun!
my heart is ready for you to come home, but my liver sure as hell isn't
I have no comment
I have picked myself up from the rubble of a life thats been hurt, and I begin again to try to share what I have seen. How I want you to kno
My parents wont let me do anything for my birthday for the 3rd year in a row.
Good night
go to bed :P
A true man passed away today rip #DickClark, my thoughts and prayers go out to the family
RT Did someone say free #iPad? We did! And you can win one by following and RTing this
End of the 4th. Rockies on top 4-1. Top of the lineup coming up for the Dodgers.
haha I know right! I'm actually loving the weather the sky looks beautiful :)
I hope you are cheering on the #RANGERS!!!!!!
lol I like that :)
true that!
probably hurts more then helps
try the boxer wit mark walberg
STOP REWARDING YOURSELF WITH FOOD.. YOU ARE NOT A DOG
Holy crap! Who is enjoying this day right now?in two weeks.. Goodbye sunlight hello studio mood lighting!
bring fios to Milwaukee, WI....please.....
Love my OKC Thunder
I'm afraid to eat gluten-free foods because I might lose my natural immunity to gluten.
Oh T.Mills is gonna be in Indiana tonight. Why didnt i know about this?
well i guess ill just watch the heat game.(:
I think we're in 187. Probably going home right after. It's a school night ; P Will u be at UVillage Thursday?
im going to check right now
So what do you think of Rotton Wisdom?
Have a great nap! :)
Very cool! Enjoy your time with her!
get it alan lol
Accountants can help the owner create a system so that revenues and expenses can be tracked.
Those containers are in a supply closet that the students don't access. The ones that are out (eg, pencils) are always a mess.
sunday night
Thanks for the RT Jim. Argh, I owe Jenny a phone call (hoping for tonite).
I'm working on articles and blogs for homeschoolers and how to help their children develop the traits successful people have in common.
This is what I mean, Rondo is such a great facilitator...why can't he get his team an easy bucket?
LOL HOW IS IT
Come to think of it, you're even too ugly to be a Smurf!
please follow me andrew <3
Gym, Cardio, Homework, Research Paper, Bills, COD3, Sleep. Yay I'm a freakin ball of excitement aren't I?? (being sarcastic)
So Helen keller walks into a wall
BREAKING: Washington will continue to do nothing for another night.
DBQ seems reasonablely challenging, choice essays are softballs
I know it will be a great talk. RT : About to speak at San Jose #SMX Maximizing Paid Search Ad Extensions in Grand Salon 3.
.99c Mozzarella stix @ Sonic #Baltimore store today only-Mention deal when ordering(valid 7/17@ 8212 Liberty Rd-cant use w other discounts.)
Thanks for the RT! Create a beautiful Friday! #RecoveryWarriors!
How do we go about getting those underwear Christina is wearing? Gotta get me some - Dustin
Ditto! You've got some great advice. :)
I loved reading ur tweets today! Entertaining! Go Pack Go!!
It is necessary from the very nature of things that power should be a check to power.
should join for our pilot launch! We love social media friendly bars. Free advertising and marketing for you. DM for info!
I love you guys soo much. one of you sangto me onstage it was awsome. your so amazing is their a way to book u for events
Love wishes to perpetuate itself. Love wishes for immortality. -Mortimer Adler
Great day! Learning and grinding is our kind of multi-tasking.. Watch out World!!!
Performing Artists have you apply yet? Scholarship funds generated from last year's GHAPFM talent show.
What are 3 things you are grateful for. Focus on that... You are not missing anything.
Free Lunch Today at the wesley! Free Lasaugna and fixings... 12-1:30 be there.
Everything should be working fine. What search query are you using? I'll look into it and see what's going on. Thanks!
You always have the best finds! <3 following you!! And I just signed up for !! Thanks for the suggestion!
TIME TO NJOY THE HEAT ,,,,EASY WORLD HIT ME IF U TRYIN TO WORK ...GOT WORK ...PROMOTING ...ANY EVENT ...OR NEED LIFE TO YA EVENT
tell a guy who named austin mahone to follow my twitter.. Okay? Thx xx
I'm so glad Obama supports John Travolta marrying those masseurs!
lets meet up!!
Working on a bio project hoping to get it done tonight....its due in 2 weeks haha, also watching #that70sshow haha
islands, man. Islands.
Guys, sucks :(
Disappointed yet again
Hey it worked! Accio belt?
A group for EVERYTHING relationship and dating related - JUST FOR WOMEN to get advice, guidance, support, etc. www.kissandim.com
Hey, Laura Lippman said I should know you! Nice to meet you!
You can't save the world, baby.
No it's more like she's a killer and I'm a lazy poker player who hates to run! Hey at least it's not the other way around, right?
#rip ryan dunn
Don&#39;t Miss the Good Stuff | Rachelle Gardner
I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something's wrong with me
To make you mine... <U+2665>
thank you for the retweet! greatly appreciated! :)
YES PLZZZ. Preferably one were 15 and older can work out would be great.
I did
Just had a great chat with Bridget Cleary- she is awesome!! (wish she lived closer so we could hang!)
We are officially on ITUNES! Check us out-Download us!
My dream is to have follow me back. I truly do love him, but SHE'S in my way :(
One brief recollection of the people in my life that have come and gone. One brief fleeting moment of people I've loved that I have wronged
Now, I'd like to know more about #blendchat. Is it like #geniushour?
Happiness is the best face lift
m isn't it great?! it was one of the first restaurants I tried when I moved here and I have loved it ever since!
Just visited the cemetary in Queens, NY where my wife's Italtian immigrant ancestor is buried. Very neat experience.
#oscars RT : Bradley Cooper's mustache is going to haunt my dreams.
Follow and they are best friends and they are really funny 2!!!;)
July. Maybe you can be my travel companion!!!
Going to rule the world....I mean go cannoeing....be back in a week
Dinner is done!
There was a point in my life that I owned a "No Fear" t-shirt. Miraculously, I wasnt doing meth.
No new TV tonight, but, um, taxes. It is still January, right? :(
tootsies is ur second home... oh wait got that wrong 4th home... oh lord ur everywhere ugh I give up lol
I just need a hug today. :(
has anyone told you what a perfect fit you would be in a phillies uniform
Thats because the male population in this Country doesnt want to pass the Equal Rights Amendment so women get equal pay
welcome baby
Sometimes a woman needs you to show her that she means more than anything in the world or u could lose her forever
Enjoy carolers in crisp air while strolling thru SAT. MARKET on Harney St. til 4pm today~handmade items by local artisans!
We got our differences, but when I lay down at night you're the only thing on my mind :) J <U+2764>
It's almost Turkey Day at the #barebonesfilmfestival. The newest comedy by Austin based and
u rap right? Ima have to get u on somethin
checking in on you, saw the weather in your area. Stay safe! Xoxox
“: So last night was fun..... Im so flipping exhausted....” me to, finally I am home and alone I is so tired and in pain
Guessing: Read between the lines?
Happy weekend! Let us know if you find opportunities to support a child or family this weekend. Strong, supported families = prevention.
Oh, so I get a flat tire and my spare is the size of a frisbee? Sure ... Way to think Safety first smh
next time!
you need to include the DB Bistro burger from that is stuffed with short ribs and foie GRAS. It's insane!
there's a song in there, somewhere...
I guess not :( RT : is that an invitation?
I would think we all feel that way until provided other info, unless we're ESPN!
Seriously, Davis looked more comfortable in his two innings today than Abad has looked into his entire career.
back from tap class
I wont say ur real name on here on my tl or your college ^_^
they were out before the season even started
If report on Ray Lewis is true, Ravens could very easily be 6-5 this time next week. Even with him playing, that is possible.
It's all fun and games until someone loses a mayorship.
New background. Check it out, kids. It's pretty awesome.
any chance fb deals coming back? I think there is an incredible way to turn the groupon model on its head
I would love to have a new and better d-man in Buffalo
. at least Bloomberg is being slightly more understanding than Mayor Richards at this point
Fact 1: Shonda Rimes is genius ! plus Fact 2: is one of the best actresses in the business Fact 3: equals
I'm hopin to release it in #June but I dunno yet. What do u think?
yeah .. you could be fuckin bitches & gettin money ..but twitter works too lol
Arroz con leche after cheescakes is my favorite Mexican desserts ;)
I have Google+ invites if you're into that sorta thing. Follow me on Twitter and then send PM with your email for an invite.
It's going to be the longest day ever. Absolutely no patients on the schedule.. Why did I get out of bed for this?!
#Twins new #TargetField feature: once a game someone's walkup music gets Rick Rolled. Whadya think?
And the answer that and I decided on to question 212 of the form is "mauve"
March, April, May?? You let me know.
Wanna get wasted first?
My neighbors are smoking so my room hella smell!
Tonight on #GreatPerformances, Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall celebrates the 25 anniversary of Weber's smash hit. On Ch. 10 at 7.
Haha, good call. The worst way to pat yourself on the back is to call yourself a guru on or in your bio.
Money don't make me I make the Money
Honest question: is there a reason web designers don't indent long-form text? Why always the paragraph spacing?
Awww, that's cute. Have your bestfriend tweet about me. #feelin'loved
I can't find my fav pair of jeans!! D;
what up peeps??
...like the Kobe ring for Vanessa...do the 49ers go out and get one for Alex Smith?
my day is made! :)
lol and that's why i love my girl lol ;)
my phone is fucked up so i haven't been tweeting :c
Who walks around half naked in Target, me and bestfriend do.
I’m not sure what makes pepperoni so good – if it’s the pepper or the oni. ~ Ulrik Stephens
can you type not in japanese?
Well, I was only 11! Couple years later Dad went with me to Kiss/Judas Priest.
The harder I work, the luckier I get ~ Samuel Goldwyn
Thx - I needed a respite :-) Unfortunately I'll miss the show - I'm heading to Panama on Thurs.
Looking for affordable venues for upcoming MHC DC events. If you can help please let us know. Thanks!
Same here!!! Fuh-reaky, but i liked it!
What did Katniss do when she got her period?
Pouring out and the sun in shining - #newyorkcity you saucy fox.
Freedom can sometimes kill.
richest match in the world and all that?
Still wish I played softball
Ugh in the middle of an awesome volleyball game and my knee decides to give out. What I get for walking around bos in heels all wkend
Listening to Nancy Pearl talk about 24 Books that Make Great Gifts, including "On Canaan's Side"
Just left city dump records he's the best, did a track with ms amber fox
thnx for the add how did u hear about us?
we love our iPhones on Sprint. Coverage is great to good, personal hotspot is good. Unlimited data and great service
#CalipariSecrets was once caught by Prince in a hotel lobby masturbating to a copy of Street & Smiths
U2 - The Joshua Tree Tour
or freakin starving and stampedes of them! Just sayin.
Hi Austin (:
At #ERDI Canada conference - great session today on Mental Health in the classroom.
your bf tweets in class but won't text you back is pretty terrible as well #"youhateme"
Cleveland is a horrible city and team.
=best band ever!!!
If anyone mentions burrowing rodents tomorrow I swear.... people acting like it's a real holiday or something...
Haha! Glad to know I'm not the only one considering it / congrats on Northwestern btw
So I Went To Hang Out With My Stupid Friend Carlos And Hes Stupid Friends Left Him Hanging Never Again Will I ever Hang Out Again
We are at the Belmont Street Fair today in #PDX, make sure to come by and say hello!
Be nice to people
whats the spot in vegas to club?? me and the homies going out there in july from houston & we dont do sushi!
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Wherever i go my dog goes <3
wow that's so sharp..
are you missing Tyson Chandler, yes trying to get D. Howard messed our championship team..
RT: Oh u and ur boyfriend of three weeks were so in love that u had sex and then he dumped you? Please tweet about it some more
I never knew it would be this hard to lose something that I never had.
Cheers! RT Anyone else find it strange how quickly "not sure if I want a beer" turns into "oh. it's already empty" Right ?
1st Sunday = "I still want to be a Christian!" #communion | Good night loves!
uh oh! Careful... Ya wouldn't want anyone getting any ideas... Cough cough*
is here offering an impromptu buy 3 get 1 on all LFD products in stock so stop in if your in the neighborhood
This has been a public service announcement with Efty.
Must have been some sale!
the rap genre has been reinvented for the better.
Everyone and everything's gay.
The Brazilian Festival is the place to be right now. 42nd-52nd on 6th Ave. 25th Year Anniversary.
All I want to do is go see Harry Potter, but I guess I'll settle for presenting a poster at a mock research session.
maybe he wears them for migraines...
It's a comedy show here at the q&a these boys are on a roll.
Iron your capes, heroes.
my att contract ends 10292011... you can bet i'll be thinking of switching.
moving in new room with
Grandpa used to say, "No one lives forever." But so far, so good.
Hey I'm gonna send you some pics from friday
Magic Johnson to be a part-owner of the LA Dodgers..Interesting to see Magic dip his pen in professional baseball..
I need a new dentist..this guy is getting on my fucking nerves.
Nothing I love more than *free* PR tips - would love to learn more!
“Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.” Aberjhani
Excited to watch the race in Dega today!
How about exporting the Keynote to a .mov file?
r u ganna upped it tonight
if you get a larger size , lets say a coat , do the pockets get bigger to ? :O lmfao
no, we are doing lucky 13!
you might think im young but, i am a huge fan of you. i love you so much and it would mean the WORLD if you followed me!!please
Staying in &Cleaning my room!
To Do: find lovely people to justify my justifying. CHECK!
you should see a physician.
you Fuckin & Suckin everyone u work with, #ButYouAintAHoe ... Bitch go get hit by a truck
I finished the video for your channel ;D
It is more difficult to un-learn a thing than it is to learn a thing.
eating pistachios and watching harry potter.. Boss!
I need to deterministically position myself in an ideal situation.
...sometimes in her presence, even though I know she would never harm me. This is something that Katz cannot comprehend....
Same here. For real. RT : i really can't wait for #recordstoreday this year. just thought i'd tell you.
Want to take our workshop "Real Law: Protecting Your Brand in Cyberspace" for free? Email for deets.
At this point, Kyle Seager might as well be the one to tell Chone Figgins he's not going to be playing much anymore.
#Mary Frances Berry accepts her award .
Nice weather today! We're already packed! Wow
luv that word
how do you speak my language so fluently???
love my Keurig it is the best ever
Just compared a book to "a tiger-eating gorilla" and "the hellspawn of a giant, nuclear whale." Must be the factsheet for
Happy Hump Day to my Favorite QB. Enjoy
I feel much better btw :)
y then who is going to take us niko said no too :(
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're filiming that a picture too. Vote for actors
UNIQUE - reads calendar date/loc & profile & auto-searches #travel + itinerary + map + alerts + drag/drop changes!
oh lord no lord ay dios mio... Hahah been like that since pre-k son !
my pleasure.
Great: RT : All technology is educational. The question is - what are we teaching? - Levar Burton at #mamabear conference
The hacker tweets always the same "nasty rumors" "bad things" etc. if it happens to you change your password
Heard Adam Kolker, Scott Wendholt, Ed Howard and Victor Lewis yesterday night at Smalls ... and I am going back tonight!
i hope i can help you to accomplish your goals, please free to reach me any time
iMessaging with while we are both on our flights. He's using this tech to let me know he's filling up on pretzels and free wine.
It was great. So many events, so little time...
Morning students, good luck on your final exams tomorrow!
Shout out to and they have a big meeting today!
no- seriously: i just felldown twice while listening to
SCREAMING TUNA SIGNATURE ROLL: Shrimp Tempura, Spicy King Crab, Kani Kama, Roasted Garlic, hint of Wasabi, topped w/ Seared Tuna & Avocado!
I wish I was a punk rocker with flowers in my hair.
Comedy? performs as The Navy Appeals and Alpha Squid tonight, 8:00 at Tech Love 3901 Central Ave. NE Albuquerque, NM 87108, only $5!
Ahh I haavent been on a lot :c tweet me ^.^
RT - I wonder how my life would be if I stayed in Jacksonville... S/o to the Jacksonville followers doe ! Are the ja...
Good luck with that! I will be somewhere south of Center City be then :)
So, how YOU doin'?
That's realistic. And likely. And not at all crappy.
Follow me? Please. It would make my day. :/
yeah I see that!
That moment when YouTube unsubs me from Why YouTube? D:
lol I did not see this haha....Party in my bathroom lol
we had a pretty awesome TLC Mtg everyone seemed to be up
I like the sound of that. Hmm
shoe gazers of the world unite and take over!
OH MY GOSH GUESS WHAT THERE IS EXACTLY ONE MONTH UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY OMFG. :D
The trade market for Pujols just went thru the roof. RT : The #RedSox and #Yankees are both 0-2 for the first time since 1980
ohh u wingendersss always being weird.
Everyone is familiar with the concept of reducing the size of their carbon footprint. Doing so can produce positive benefits for all.
chillaxingggg :) also wondering where i can find some really awesome new music at.. if anyone has an idea let me know :)
": Great chat by on sports psychology. Just having a break with the " Thanks Pete! LE
This song is so corny
Ruth Bader Ginsburg sworn in today in 1993 as 2nd woman to ever serve on Supreme Court, at 60 yrs old. Born in Bkyn,
I'm pretty sure the only thing Bryce Harper can't do at this point is buy alcohol.
Btwn the political landscape, cultural polarization, musical regression, etc., I've realized something: I miss Chappelle's Show
Data diversity will probably increase due to inherent innovation forces: Wittenburg
Having a talking charachter (like the Gecko or Mr. Clean) on your website to reinforce your brand is less expensive than you may...
. No problem! Lets get it.
what happen. Wanna talk about it. Dm me
tweet, I thought u where suppose to post more on there.
what is 2p2?
I'm shooting a video! Gonna go viral and make me a millionaire.
Lots going on at the booth today @ If you're around, pop over, we've got Vibram, Sticky-Icky & more.
what up nigga?
No doubt my inner housewife.
lmao omg. Doo it! That'd be hilarious.
Great times at Tribal Connections this last weekend!
So much pussy ..damn i dont need dinner
Sounds great! RT & looking for #YOGA studios across the country to carry our spirit & products !
I stayed there last weekend and fell in love too. The cookies and complimentary wine hour didn't hurt.
You only live once ; Take the risk you would have never thought you'd take <3
Did you guys know St. Patrick wasn't even Irish?
oh yes, we will! cc:
Girls with braces is my biggest turn on & idk why!!!
Already bored in class? Get your to catch up on the news and do a few sudokus...on the stands NOW!
Down to get it in
Couple of amazing days - one with a hill tribe which was unforgettable, and today seeing some of the culture in Thailand. Excited to share!
ARE YOU GOING TO WALK ALEXI CASILLA WITH THE BASES LOADED?
I rescind my previous statement RE: Gorillaz Plastic Beach. I'd like to nominate Superfast Jellyfish as the official Summer 2010 anthem.
: *nods head* 20/30 partners...powerful #'s! Today in they dropped 30 summer associates #Interesting/TryingTimes
Congrats on what looked like a GLORIOUS stadium opener for the #foreverorange guys on Saturday. Can't wait to hear about it.
checking with some regional colleagues about #DellStreak availability in Turkey. Will come back on Monday with an answer.
I say, thank goodness for facebook blocking the defriender app. Can't we have ANY privacy? I don't need to know when I've been rejected.
#headdesk. What an awesome hash tag. Will be using more!
Depends -- public or private, large or small?
let's hope for a solid performance today, let's go Giants!
Good day Sun is shining an Lakers are playing :) think I'll wear my #24 jersey today
omg Justin changed his icon! :)
Sitting next to Robert Plant in a coffee shop while trying to book Venues.
Happy early Sunday morning<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
heyy can u please tell people to follow me i just made a new twitter and need followerss :)
my dad is going home at 5:30
“: Anyone need any extra mojo for Monday? Here is a super mojo HUG 4 you! RT to pass it on... #smgirlfriends”
Go Vinny: MT “: DeMarco talking health care progress and MD's leadership to prevent tobacco usage through tax increases.”
RIP Carroll Shelby
Google Revamps News Page: Google on Wednesday started rolling out a redesigned Google News page
Ott-a-boy
RT : My cousin on fb gloating about some chick, im 99% sure its not his wife. *sigh* <~~smh
we sure are! rt is following me... true #bachelor #bachelorette #bachelorpad fan.
Thank you, Ansa! Hope to see you soon.
“: our border has more holes than Obama has excuses, how do you help secure the border? #cnndebate”
looks like a great way to star off my bday week
did you listen? did you like??!?!
and that's why it's important to never burn a bridge.
I see some Shit never changes lol.....got any free time this weekend ? Wanna get a beer??
nigga , if you got a LOYAL ass , FAITHFUL ass girl that holds you down & deals with your bullshit , quit fucking up ! grow up .
yo u is a fag lmfao
are they "little people"?
So i cant go to practice because we are supposedly under a tornado watch and a flood watch... 9 times outta 10 both wont even happen.. WTF!!
Not surprised #amywinehouse died, I accidentally bought her album and it sucked
Really beginning to see who really have a fuck. This is nice though... Good to know the truth rather than befriend you bitches.
YOO IT'S SMASH TIME BRRRRBBBB
LBJ is 27 w/ 0 titles & never seems to have had fire MT : Not saying Kobe's lost that fire but he's 33 w/ 5 titles already
It amazes me still that people just don't listen to the instructions from airport personnel.
ah yes! See you later!
Ummhmm. So you say. Kidding we need to catch up. Miss you.
perfect spots when getting dirty someone can admire the artistic view ha ha sorry
Our database server is still down and we're still working on restoring it. We're still working on it and we hope to fix it by days end.
My life. Lmfao that's funny
No, gettin back cold already!!!!
Happy Halloween!!! :)
Thanks! Now I can sleep ;)
Just 25 more days to go and finally I will be moving to florida(:
Decriminalizing the humanity of the offender, the first step towards reducing mass incarceration in US prisons. The criminal is still human
Austin is right handed
RT : The thought of the day to my boys- Truly great people never discuss their greatness!
March Maddness and the return of Sid the Kid... Thursday just got a lot easier
I'm about to FLIP SHIT.
im not missing out on anything!!!
Oh Emm Gee-this week's episode of #smash really packed a punch! Dev and Ivy?! Color me shocked!!
You said it. All the best to her :-)
I expected you to already be here! Come to Hotel Metro when you're done working tonight.We'll be there at 9:30 until close.
we can see that wen it comes out ,if you want?
this is tragic but there are better degrees to get if a good job is what you wish. MD comes to mind, JD, MBA, MSW, etc
hahaha ok! I'm super excited to see who will be the first person to post on my wall lol
Turkey and Friends Africa now has over 20 members! This is great news! Now we really are making a world of difference!
Please! the blue I have takes four coats!
keeping busy, finally made it to SMC this week but didn't see you. What have you been up to?
SVP is not going anywhere. It'll take a lot more than Beadle leaving for ESPN to fall a notch.
My fruits of labor; I want ‘em ripe.
woke up at 9 am to watch angel game and Ervin Santana threw a no hitter!!! First no hitter i've ever seen from start to finish!
There's still time to sign up for my workshop "Positioning Yourself for Research Proposal Success" this Friday!
I have 88 I wore for a while & all last season wore 7. I need new 19 cuz my other one is signed. Think 2 is next for me.
#thoughtsonhungergames great actors, great illustration of book, and excellent effects and costumes. Stuck to the book for the most part:)
Hopefully I don't get my braces off soon I love them, if I do I'll never talk again lol
mhm. there are 2 other matches i'd rather be seeing on my tv right now inst ead of benny / granollers.
Who should I see tonight? There is so much, I cant decide!
Haha... I hope so! I don't think you've missed 1 of my classes yet. You coming to Milwaukee next week for ?
Never mind the minor things, just move onto the finer things.
this was just an announcement. I don't know what she wants. Assuming a normal portfolio???
Photo shoot today.
A person who died in sex .... RIP means raped in peace
Congrats on your CCNA!
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO SUPPORT and ALL THE TALENTED ARTISTS LAST NIGHT. DFW SHOWED UP! THE SHIFT HAS BEGUN
what's up
so glad its the weekend but its gonna be exustaing and this has already ben, i need a break
Hi, thanks for the follow ;-)
I snagged the pretty rare Lee Perry box set and almost started a melee at a midnight sale. Gotta love
Amazing how much I accomplished in the last three hours! Time to call it a night and get some sleep. Busy day ahead tomorrow.
hahahaha I just did 5 worksheets,read two books, and now I'm doing a digit values worksheet . Whoa
: I am the last thing has said in the last 4 days. Pathetic. For Gods sake go watch them people! Send so...
Anyone up for TopGolf in Allen on Saturday the 21st? DM me for details.
Shhhh Mike is roasting a chicken for dinner and doing a load of laundry.... #HeIsAllMine x
Bring your A game if u want A results
At the moment Im just relaxing listening to some music CHILLIN! Hope u had urself a good day Xman! Ha!
you're awesome! Thx!
#OnlyIf loved me back
a lot of Elton John's Elton John this week...
#mycrazyobsession biting my nails when I'm nervous
Lmao at the 'lipstick' my mom showed me
only telling the truth Pastor !
I can probably do that
dude you know Renee from WO? I found her sister on facebook lmfao.
right? Most of the time it really isn't necessary but hey, to each their own I suppose.
I just had to fire up VIM to remove some email formatting, but then repasted it with Shift+Cmd+V...yes!!
Hey R jay and J paul 1 gun per boat please!
Oh yes indeed!! RT : lol me&amp;erin call them type "universal fine" haha.
Did you go to CalABA? Thoughts?
RT I like understanding that things are always evolving~Abraham
I think I'm creeping people out at Urth cafe.
omg sun bleached is that a #Spongebob reference? LOL the damn sun. It all points back to the damn sun. WHAT THE FUCK SUN
I was asked how old I was today. I said that I remember when the M in MTV stood for music instead of maternity. That. Old.
Ethnicity is far too prevalent in our society.
Most bi-sexual females are on a dick strike
A blunt a lighter and a razorblade *bitch gotta protect her shit*
Would you drive drunk with kids in the car? Local mom joins growing list of parents accused of doing this. Only On KOIN at 4pm
Imagine what Kentucky would be doing to a 24 seed
good luck 2 my friend who is so courageous & moving 2 #nyc this wknd. you'll kill it girl.
MT : to meet the Kardashian's, you have to be the first 200 in line & make a purchase from their line. / Kardashian Family Values!
there are always beautiful women in Grand Central during rush hour. always, guaranteed.
Stand firm on what you believe and quit changing your mind to make it fitting to others. They don't matter!
is a money order less touching than a wire transfer?
The prob w/S-Delete is it completely fills drive w/ a file at normal priority, activity slows it down, it's command line...
Hoping to get some librarian QC love for wearing a shirt by at
Tnight on 10: Widow of Sgt. James Justice talks for the first time about losing her husband in war, tune into ABC5
The Wise Woman Builds Her House -- Proverbs 14:1
I think I am missing something here. HR, like Human Resources?
But, if the American Dream is about an individual getting rich as hell, then maybe we would come to a different conclusion.
Well record is now 2-9 with loss to Rock Canyon last night but Friday is another game this time at Rampart game time 7:00
bad news... Call or text me
Action is the foundational key to all success.
I swear the hood is dead,some them niggas like old tires that need to be rotated..
Yep, creepy to connect on LI without any history or details on why you'd like to connect (if you haven't crossed paths already)
“I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work." M Thatcher
Thanks Jade! Hope all is well with you
I'm really hoping that this advisor hold is taken off my account sometime before tomorrow cuz i kinda register tomorrow!
hahaha...thanks for that
Beautiful sunshine in NYC GreenFlea market today!Favorite item 2day: Okra/eggplants Fatayas& spicy ginger pears!THKS2all!Have a great week!
lol...rejection shoud have sounded over a loudspeaker mortal kombat style
The white girl named Jamaica from South Africa just... Wait, what?.
Yes, and I was trying to tell you that you were correct. This means I had 6 out of 7 illegal exams/projects!!
leave it all up to me .
The crows are going crazy today. It's like a Madonna video up in here.
thank you for notifying us Mike
u laughing but Im dead serious
RT : Event Reminder Wednesday March 7 SAG-AFTRA Informational- Meeting Maimi, FL for Spanish Language Performers. Details:...
PLEASE... follow back?
Sounds delish! Must try
happy I could help. R u writing ab the lawsuits?
I'm getting subway for lunch
Yaaaaay :D “: alright, i'll listen to it:)”
Happy Mother's Day!!
we were on double secret probation without a chance to rebut. The decision against USC b4 the trial.
I'm in the south though. I win again.
Nancy, are you going to do some campaigning this year for the Pres?
It's Bumgarner's first start since signing his five-year extension. Let's see how he responds.
hehe the ones that i put on me and you and shan should get hehe (a)x
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page
i guess i should be going to sleep. good night followers <3 :D
"Years and decades are required to reach and demonstrate the manifestations of spiritual adulthood and maturity." -Ml. Asraf Ali Thanwi (R)
Have spent most of the day writing press releases, guest blog posts + newsletters and the day still ain't over yet :)
:) RT You should appreciate a Pisces astounding ability to understand you without trying too hard or asking too many questions.
What do you stand for?
Great - look fwd to seeing; lots of discussion/focus on this at witness,+ some research/frameworks that might be useful cc
When your crush sits right behind you...
I'm quite tired this morning.
hey, how did you get our fire escape squirrel to visit you all the way over there in california?
it cost the same a getting it replaces
Stepbrothers is the best movie ever:D
heyy when will you be able to find out?
what does you're tattoos say?
sure you do :)
you dont know how it feels to be your own bestfriend.
Steve the bat has left the building
thanks for speaking the truth makes my day over and over!!!!!!!!
Now you're just somebody that I used to knoowwww
Study: Pollution 'Hid' Climate Warming - Sci-Tech Today
congrats. Here's hoping for many more seasons of Abed
Thanks for the mentions! Have a great day!
Today is a magnificent day! You know why!? 3 words
I DO, however, wish that was not 14 dollars and up for a can o' coffee!
How right you are...
And, when you're reaching out for me. You will reap everything you sow.
flickmob crashed and i was about to grief everyone with yanni =( my evening is ruined
Only black guy that gets sun burned smh
The Silk Tie likes Damianqualter!
A sharp vision, backed by defined plans, gives you an enormous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Dear twitter girls if you're going to put up a fake picture at least pick 1 that looks like a real girl and not a brushed up supermodel..dum
August was a rough month. Getting back in the game with The Jazz Half!
UGH IM SO PISSED OFF
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!
What country is Michele Bachmann a citizen of today???
Assyrian Proverb~ Za dvumya zaitsami pogonishsya ne odnogo ne poimaesh. (If you chase two rabbits you will not catch either one.)
What happened to Lin-Sanity?....... Oh yeah Carmelo came back. Selfish basketball= Losing Basketball
is there going to be lulu cycling gear soon? i have been aching for lulu shorts with cycling padding...
RT : City govt meeting are long & hard to participate.People that engage are really not rep ofpublic.
#Wideman takes a #nutshot! #Caps vs
YES! someone is my American Politics class just quoted from Portlandia hahaha!
damn... reached my follow limit once again.
I'm going to state and my boo going with me :))
Isaiah 41:10 "So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.I will strengthen you and help you..."
how r u up so early!!
this icon maker knows everything i like.
Thanks, guys. Definitely a big honor & happy to be a part of the distinguished list.
we condemn in others what we dislike in ourselves
If it was real, we would have been shafted in that deal!!! You are a huge blessing to us here in Jax!!!
call me as soon as you can please. Thanks
He Vinny I have said time and time again lying does not prove murder. No Motive Spinning wheels
Sorry to uk fans following the US fans...Spoiler Alerts!!!RT RT : UK Fans #GoldRush2 will strt in May
welp, craigslist is no longer a viable outlet for buying/selling tickets
Truth. RT : Sometimes I think Jones only holds on to the podium like that because he will fall over otherwise.
I have little less then two hours to get ready for my concert. I'm fine with singing, but singing in a diff. language?!?! HELL NO!!!
I'm an aspiring retail real estate agent. Are there any good books regarding this career path?
Top Shop hurts me.
we all tried to find you after the show to give back the hat!
I am freezing :/
Enough business... let's have some fun. What is the worst song you've heard this year? Besides one of ours?
ditto on that -- got pulled into a meeting!
I need to get some BBQ after looking at how good these places are here. #I'mhungry
fa sho.. This is the first invite since ur grad party haha
your beautiful and crazy too!
Follow me please? :D xx
Tonight brings some NW indie rock to the Lounge! $8 at the door.
on craigslist 'in need of a professional photographer looking to make about $25 for a two and half hour gig...' lol
Welcome home hipster.
Polishing up the set today. My Ticket Home/Visions+more tomorrow @ The Loft. Doors at 5, we go on at 7. Let's get rowdy
these 3 veteran-led non-profits will continue revitalizing beautiful Oliver:
such an insightful post! Thanks so much for sharing. X
Did you go Friday?:)
Euripides' #Medea at Cambridge MCAC. Wow! Jennie Israel plays the murderous miffed mom with disturbing aplomb.
baby just let go dont hold back let it show i can love u better then any1 can put ur heart out there & let it fall where it may
says he would like to "end the madness" that occurs every ten years on redistricting.
Chillin' with my family!
Thanks Laurie. I tell my students this all the time, but still a lesson I have to keep learning for myself!
OMG, MY BFF MERYL.
Our week in Cambridge continues - bringing Human-Centered #Design to #HBS students. Thanks Katie, John, and Lauren!
haha whatever you already posted a terrible picture of me!
It's such a beautiful day we've got the garage door up!
Happy Saturday to my new tweeps
Thanks! Happy Weekend!
Worse national anthem ever....ever.
I've an unfashionable aversion to Mongo because I don't get its design. Riak seems easier to reason about, though it lacks conveniences.
"Why don't all cars have no doors"
but I just bought a sweet curse from Sephiroth. hes gonna be so pissed if I try and return it. I threw out the receipt!
Best line ever! Maybe I won't be such a freak now ;) RT Blakes a girl?
Limited spots available for the 1st Build Day. We would love to bring 120 people but we just can't. So if you want to go sign up early.
Did Idefine th vague "rogue capitalism"? Or am I stillconfused? Curium,tell me before she calls me a commie!lol
The Gallery will be closed this evening for First Friday due to the weather. Thanks to all of our loyal friends!
what do u Meen?
Maybe because it is a bromance drama in disguise. I feel like thereis is a writeup there waiting to happen.
call me! lol
MPD Capt. Cam McLay on protest #wiunion: There's very large crowd. Mood really positive. People exercising 1st Amendment rights responsibly.
If u r a girl and u walk around campus in a suit u will be hit on by old men
aw fanks ! & I leave at like 5 but won't be home till Sunday cause driving blows
the most "The hardest thing in the world to do in this business is start a band nobody's heard of."
My laptop would crash right before exams
yup. just replied
So true... tuche!
can't pronounce that shit lol
We LOVE Dive too!
I love lamp.
start volunteering at the animal shelter with me homes!
N just think its destiny that he fell to us 24th!! hesTHE GREATEST #QB i have ever seen! Mobile accurate too much 2 list!!
Looking forward in today's winter wx tweetup!
You're very welcome Anne! I'm blown away by your great articles and photos! What a fantastic trip you're having!
who is it?
. just explained (hilariously) how to setup a mic stand for a piano. Now showing what background music sounds like.
Great advice!
now all of u winners b sure & tweet, facebook, & carrier pigeon when u get ur prizes & let every1 know how amazing #zapcash & Azap Skin are!
blue lines theme song - american bad ass
EVERYBODY CHECK MANEMANMUSIC OUT HE SPIT HOT FIRE : - ) *christina the cuban*
of course!!!
the LA phil had a base drum. but the Hammer was specially made for this performance.
RT Bundling up for a run. Daisy is requesting my presence outside. Hey! I've lost 3lbs on my soup diet.
I don't want to do homework!
If you need an artist I can help, A painting or drawing with you and the doggy would be amazing!
Not to 'kill the mood' but that picture of Justin with his "cuts" isn't funny to me at all. I think it's really immature and rude.
well, notes !
we actually invited the in laws to join us in Red River and watch our baby while we hit the slopes :-)
Awesome! We look forward to you trying us out, too!
The big Yom Kippur question is will The Hebrew Hammer play tonite, or pull a Koufax?
Im Alright <3 :)
next time I file a petition with the weather gods, I'll be sure to ask for better mummification climates ;)
your name is used a lot in math. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
yay!! Bikes, skating and swimming right around the corner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Jealous, but please just make sure you help them get a WIN today!
In Vegas? Don't be disappointed with lines message us for Bottle Service & Guestlist.
#Touchdown! Don't forget to come by today and get some of our famous #football #doughnuts!
Me IS older than my grandpa.
omg do u have a tatoo?
nice split screen..
Quit running sweeps on 3rd and 1!!
It's Tuesday and has his One Day Sale on Facebook! Check out: www.facebook.com/travelocity to see the deals he's got!
But the pain still drains me, so hold me, untiil it sleeps.
One of the best moments of my life
Release your desires into the Universe!
I always used infant ibuprofen. Lasts longer.
am I going to be allowed to spend the night???/
omg hahaha I do that all the time hahaha
Snow should be tapering off by 9am with upto 1" slushy accum. on non-concrete surfaces. It will all melt by this PM with temps near 40°
And a great journey began...
Love me some snow to play in!!
IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THE PARTY BUS CALL 786-223-1654 PRICE:$150HR MIN OF 5 HRS 3 FREE BOTTLE ON BUS 3 GIRLS YOUR CHOICE V.I.P ALL THE WAY
Mini high school reunion with friends who hated high school: "Hell, we're all educated hobos trying to live our dreams. Sans trust funds."
me too! Lol
Hello Wisconsin. Go sports!!!!!!!!!
gotta love beef from a hose haha
What's your favorite Sauced on Paseo specialty pizza?
Send me a formspring question! Formspring.com/ericamarieowens xo
Whoa wait that's an actual movie? :o
Rush just said what I've been thinking...if SC overturns ocare, BO will ignore ruling. An exec order & it's fixed! Who will stop him?
follow back the greatest photographer in So. Cal lol
Thanks so much for the shout out!! You Rock!!<U+263A>
Contemporary Uruguayan Artists: A Uruguayan Presence in the ABOUT CHANGE Exhibition Cultural Center Art Gallery Through June 1, 2012
On my phone streaming.. RT : where the fight at?!
today im out with a baby tee and spandex. this is so not me, but its hot and I have to make time.
Awesome! Thanks Jeanette!
If you could have anything in the world for lunch today, what would it be?
LA-bound! Friends, taco recommendations. I need 'em.
i'm sick:( maybe some more of those old flirty tweets. will help:) LISTEN TO "EENIE MEENIE" its so cute:)
That's obviously a scaled model.
What does sandwich mean i sandy witch or a witch wit sand
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know :)
Classy broads ;-) Where's ?
Insult Cody when you're around me? I'll give you some delicious berries called nightlock.
You should totally do commentaries. For many movies. You could turn it into a podcast."cryssy & nate on the couch
if I shared it, it might not be peaceful when I got there!!
The only thing awesome about this montage is BABS! I miss Babs, a lot.
Not even 1 hr after my phone call with my new agent & I already got an audition tomorrow, and I get to be atop a waiting list for CD
This. RT : I think it's time to reevaluate some priorities...
Detective me caught someone internal mucking about with stuff on our website they shouldn't have been.
13 students, Troy! Can't wait to have ya, and hear all about it :)
Happy mothers day! Oh and happy birthday to my mommy!! <3
False RT : IGNORANT: is thinking you can do whatever you want to and forget about what God said..
I love that song!!!
"One-fifth of the Forbes 200 Best Companies are run by people who did not go beyond high school." -William Bridges, "Creating You & Co"
You're my lucky piece.
USC Noon workouts resume tomorrow July 6th
Always give my mom a new pair of gardening gloves for xmas because she <3s it so much!
Please tweet me, i sprained my wrist today<3 :(((
I'll be at DBA Wine Bar in Pomona tonight. Show starts at 9 and I go on at 10!
I hate when i start crying about one thing and then i think about all the other things that piss me off and cry even more.
The amount of studying i have to do for tomorrow is basically illegal
good but it would be better if you would follow me please Alex :)
No problem...keep putting out good music:)
Great weekend with the family in OKC, now headed back to the mile high!
Back in Albany, doing some errands and then watching some football (hopefully the Vikings/Packers game is shown here!)
It was me. I'm sorry. It was an accident...
Watching "Up W/Chris Hayes" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Name names, Doyle!
Pre Super Bowl press conference in downtown Indy this AM at Bud Light Hotel. Very impressive! Can't wait to get out of this suit!
Indiana has way too many windmills
Thank you, i appreciate it!
4 more days ..
I can't promise sunshine, but I can promise great, humidity and a good time!
MG's Theron Baumann field event performer of the meet, winning shot put and discus titles.
<U+FFFD>An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field<U+FFFD> Niels Bohr
I need to get my tickets still, hopefully will be soon.
QoTD: "Life consists in not holding good cards, but in playing those you hold well." (Josh Billings)
oh yeah it is that time of year..
thank you :)
Cannot decide what to wear to Hay's wedding reception tomorrow!
“ S/O to my niggas& kicked it on some smooth ass ish ..! #WalaMagic” When U Wit Some Real Niggas You, Keeps it Real
I love David, but I like Matt a HELL of a lot more than I let on!!!
lol ive said this since she first walked out on the stage too. she is it!!
is in the house at the olympic sculpture park. Dealing dogs in the sunshine, don't miss out!
Stomp the yard with chris brown ah he's so hot
Well here we go. 3 exams today and then hello summer!!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
about? :o
“: we have a #j202 after party reservation at Nitty for 7:30 #bethereorbesquare” <<--What if I'm already square?
No idea...weird. I fixed it tho!
Good luck tonight my big girl ! Cheering for ya <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
we were born this way
Who's ready for some basketball!
CAN U SERIOUSLY STOP TALKIN SHIT BOUT THE BOYZ AND US ICONIACZ WE DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO SO SHUT THE FUCK UP!
just offered a hug in her session!! Now THAT'S quality! That just may deserve a BOOM!!
Creating a YouTube channel for the library and folding brochures for TRB next week.
no I forgot to put sunblock on xD
Hey Wendy! Thought I would stop by and say hello! Hope all is well!
Red = see you know, it's the same. ..Kind of.
Feel like listening to some R.Kelly for some reason..
Thanks! Today is awesome, despite the insomnia because I am INVINCIBLE!!!
Working on the RockIt Children's Museum Exhibit today!
AMAZING! We will all bust out in the dougie if you play it. Toot it and boot...also a great selection. What up from the office!
Last home game at The Swamp and my brother is starting on the mound!
Awe he got kicked off, he was good looking. Just like B.Cooper's less self.
the smiley face
Fuk this hoes ... Mary j is mi girl she alway make me feel good .....
lol. What we gonna put on it?
As tech savvy as we are they still make the call to the bullpen via hard-line. Why not cell or video chat?
About to get in line for but I have my school backpack. Wah.
this is the worst birthday weekend ever ..
Why does it always have to come down to you leavin', before I'll say, I love you
I think my run this morning unleashed some happy endorphins..back into a routine & it's never felt so good
Mo Rivera twists knee shagging fly balls in batting practice....No!
"If I die & become a ghost, I'm going to stalk hot guys.”
LMFAO! Told you to quit and just be my #trophywife LOL
Happy mothers day :)
Coffee makes me feel like a crackhead but ahh i love it!
yea lmfao it hurt
Lol I love my friends xD
Much love to everyone who came down and made last night with the best yet!
Glad I decided to watch the #Masters instead of the
You beta say that! lol
and the same to you!
very true... this will probably make their road to equality alot more difficult since God says no.
I saw it in the news feed
Simply asking "What is the blessing in my current situation?" Will help shift your vibration; bringing you closer to your Divinity.
Room for 3 more couples on party bus. $35 each person.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! <33
Voxer now Path I can't keep up with all this socializing. Going back n my shell now
You play games , you get played
i am fascinated
Ok, Reds, don't let me down tonight. I've seen you play 4 times this season and you've lost 3 of them. Beat the Bankee$!
so excited to try out their estee lauder night cream
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
I wanted to go but I might be on vacay that weekend
thank you shocktop! You are right, obeying the law!
1st Saturday tonight?
#Dallas Braden reaction from all over the country-www.USSportspages.com
Also, by the end of season 1 does Cersei Lannister or Viserys, the platinum-blond incesty brother, die? I'd cheer for that.
“Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world, a mother’s love is not.” – James Joyce
can't wait for the color run!!!!!!!!!!! thanks for our cool new gear :) yipee!!!
Do you want to know how much your house could sell for if it was on the market today? Call 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2306 to find out
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
I could just eat sushi for the rest of my life.
Finally installed Snow Leopard.
hey u have beats rite..??? Lol
apartment searching is a pain the ass!
Lmao omg I'm over here dying! Well that was for you. hahaha
Scheduling meetings with a group of people is still a less than awesome endeavor
Definitely missed you last night but Vegas is an acceptable alternative to Cathouse.
wlc womens bball is going to calvin for the 1st round... shout out to my hometown
Peja suffered at the hands of the Lakers back in sac.
I need to learn Adobe Illustrator stat. No more procrastinating.
Currently listening to: Eftos - Shinagawa on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
YO PAPI CHULO! I think I accidentally quit following you
RT!“: #1: You only live once, and most people don't even do that.”
always have you on my mine
Your a waste of fresh air.
#tellmewhy when i went to eat yesterday, i took madd much food but couldn't even it eat. SMH brb :)
I'm still loving the Local Natives album... personal Sunday favorite.
Lakers lost :( but still is proud that they put up a fight
Yup, it gets out of control once you start.
not yet but we are definitely interested in playing up there ;)
Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy, It gets you PUSSY !
#birtherblather lmao love it ! Blithering Idiots they are
I thought he was going to go for it!
For sure! You too!
Power Up! Learning more about what next year will look like when our HS kids bring their laptops to school...
Congrats to my girlfriends sancha for finishing the marathon :) Proud of her :')
Heard speak tonight. Inspiring and amusing chap. Well meaning. Nice design-y slides.
well, i don't think Qaddafi is going to see another Bastille Day. just my prediction.
Sure, they'll battle royale over who gets the most ice cream or who sings the loudest - but who can take the longest nap? No takers...
Goosebumps from listening to transformative power of engagement when World of Warcraft used well for empowering learners Wow!
Sitting in front of the mirror wanting smack the stretch marks out of my thighs.
Curating playlist for next weekends 1/2 Marathon. What songs are moving you right now??? Suggestions warmly welcomed.
With this truly terrible start (5th worst record in MLB), who are the All-Stars for the #Brewers? Axford, Braun and maybe Lucroy?
good morning!
This pollen got me feelin like ugh
Aw poop I screwed up the test
Hanging with the boys. Just had dinner. Miss this.
i hate fast things
Yep, I'll be in Paris for a week attempting to grow a thin mustache. Also Amsterdam, Brussels, Frankfurt, Copenhagen. Whoozah!
Tks for the RT! Sometimes the quick solution isn't the best (or right) one. Let's wait and see...
Getting ready for school... EKK why why why must i be sick oh well YOLO HEHEE
So jealous. Mine should arrive on Thursday. How is it?
I am supposed to be somewhere else right now & this means tomorrow will be unplanned, disorganized chaos. Fun!
You should definitely visit as Steve Brule.
Leaving the hotel n heading out to
I feel the same way about actors.
Finding a good woman is hard too find now adays
that's what I'm tryin to figure out brah, but what's good for next weekend...
Oh and I'm dead serious about the Super Soaker. The stairway to the attic/office is in my room, so people walk through all the time.
Turns out Stu isn't such a fan of small children. I might have to be a cat lady after all...
We're playing some sweet oldies in the office today. What tunes are getting you through the afternoon?
REVOLUTION! RT great brainstorm today w/ about a conference on transnational DH and global canons.
and still CHAMBER OF SECRETS' not opened yet..:(
You left me alone when I needed you most.
I got my current job through a Workforce1 ad. Thank you!
Good one! That’s Chris Haltigin, I believe? (And the photo she’s taking is an ‘extreme close up,’ for sure!)
At work.
Who doesn't love a free clutch? RT : #TeamFollowBack Neiman Marcus to Give Away Clutches via Foursquare Hunt bit.ly/pS9FRy
Thoughts and prayers with the family of Apple founder, Steve Jobs--a man who's life personified American exceptionalism.
Ford bets $4.9B to erase also-ran status in China The Ford brand has just 2 percent of China's car market and its current image among Chi
Men at work looks hilarious
RT : When actors try to do a southern accent for movies... And get it wrong. *head on keyboard*
Race to help as many people as possible & count them like sheep to show results & get more funding. Time to change
Shredding an entire chicken by hand for pho tonight. It shall be a carthartic and delicious endeavor.
My night was just made when text me hahaha
Ha! Truth | RT : “If only they enforced bank regulations like they do park rules, we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
One great marketing #campaign isn't enough. Marketing is a way of
I want to go hunting, I've never gone but someone should take me!
The awkward moment when you ask a guy if he has a penis..
For a really long time. I can't remember haha
wats good with just the passes?? What do I gots to do son?! Haha
thanks for the retweet!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Stay tuned! #FB!
hahahaha it's one of my absolute favorites on YouTube!!!!
That blows! ": Final from New York: Caps fall to Rangers, 3-2 #CapsNYR"
Backordered. Damn. Guess I wasn't quick enough.
thanx- should be fun going to Albany
Happy New Year yall!!!
i chill like time itself got froze.
Totally sucks I can't run the Pgh half. Going to be hanging out at Roland's Sunday morning.
Hired someone off CL and he made a comment that made me wish we weren't of the same race. Wanted to punch the guy! I HATE racists!!!
Save a tree. Watch the movie.
Im more worried that this is giving a bad reflection on the bears organization. His performance is key.
Am I the only one who thought #MaddenTrial was referring to an early demo of Madden 13?
that's me ha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> woo
Maybe there won't be any work/school tomorrow...
hey there:) thx so much! awww x
my workout playlist is full of bad music. I pretend that's the only time I listen to it.
Blackboard's deep pockets bought Moodlerooms, netspot, Angel & supports Sakai. Pinnacle uses Moodlerooms as its backend. So much for options
so Mi Amor what chu doing?
Good morning guys!!
ohh you know.. :]] just studying! listening to some music rhats all.. and youu?? :)*
Rainfall rates were 3-4 inches per hour with these storms as they came through.
So I'm shooting an attempt at Flo Rida's "Wild Ones", the girl part, but I'm to embarrased to keek it.... LOL
looking forward to some game time this weekend :)
congrats on all your bookings!
Where would you guys like to see us located next year if we were to switch up from where we were?
BLOWING UP YOUR MENTIONS WHILE I CREEP ON YOU MUAHAHA
#np the weekend... sets me right
Love me or Love me not.But the girl your aint better than i not? You'll remember the happiness i gave you. She cant always give that to you.
Omg I'm at the movie theater and they past the step up 4 previews and saw !! Can't wait for the movie to come out !! :D XD
If you're like me and like to be the first to know new music check out they're playing rams head this fri in bmore
This rain needs to go!!!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do-Goethe. Keep smiling.
Wow I understand the guys been crappy but booing in spring training is a bit much! Just my opinion! Keep him in minors if needed.
Safe travels home! Great times last night!
back in school finally home was getting boring ;o
I wish there was a or in city vista
u always share the most pertinent information, thank you!
none of the avengers were black. Lol.
thanks for the RT!
thanks for the memories
Come by for a crisp Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc, or Vouvray on this hot Sunday!
To not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric - Bertrand Russell
If she never blew in a Nintendo cartridge to "fix it" ... SHES TOO YOUNG FOR YOU BRO!
Yes, Educator's should design evaluation system Authoritarian change=hierarchical=industrial model
We'll be in Beaverton Thursday from 11am-2:30pm- You can have as many as you like!
Thank you to all my friends for an amazing year. I wish you all the best of luck in your learning and growth. www.chadtimothy.com &...
So happy w/ #customerservice! Shiny happy employees = shiny happy, $ spending customers! Thank u!!!
Kudos to Diane Persellin, professor of music, lauded for her commitment and dedication to student advising
RUBIE TUESDAY AT LAUGHING BUDDHA! TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE! WITH RUBEN 11AM-8:40PM! COME ON DOWN!
HEY! GOT ANY GRAPES?
#ukplc could end up bankrupt by 2050 according to
OMG it's about time. The ones you had were straight up nasty girl!
When his friends encourage him, Leonard asks a woman out! Tune in at 6:30!
If you are a CEO or president and need a top-notch e coach, consider a #Vistage group and get coaching-squared
Another 12 AM show. Will #POTC4 be as good as #POTC1? Doubtful. Hoping for better than #POTC2 or 3. As ever, you should be here.
Please visit our websites for great sportswear (Boxing & Golf). www.knockoutincorporated.com www.miari.com
so bored
Come pick me up by Ryan Adams
Guarantee turn a square to a bop bitch..
“: #Libra How many kids you will have with Niall - 6” WE BE GOING AT IT (;
is that really you in the profile pic?
oh wow is that it?
Merry Xmas Everyone
OK nvm, big/little reveal is that night-sorry!
if y'all really bout that life I'm with it lol.. i was gonna go today but it was all gloomy
she don't love me, she love the power.
just fine. Very hot. Wish the power would come back on.
I think imma see about hoopin for the Army after I swear in.
we appreciate the follow! Vote for PHAME Exec Dir in WW mayoral race + PHAME earns $1500 donation, true cmty service!
what are you doing?
Watching E news
One more day until #DiDN12! Come check us out!
JUST SAY NO TO BOOKS!
My thoughts are with Whitney Houston's family.
“: I find nothing about Sacha Baron Cohen funny.” what? I love that guy!
u r amazin
Mine too haha.
thanks for following
For Outstanding Male actor in a supporting role... CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER!!!
Thank you for following all my accounts (:
Have a good day too!And it's always good talking to you. :) And Happy Easter! He's not here!He is Risen! \o/
representing on Don Lemon.... can you forgive Zimmerman? Not an easy thing for me to do!
definitely a classic. you are very welcome!
ok well when you get it my username is stephanielorrainee :) I added the double e in Lorraine cuz someone had lorraine<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Getting a physical , so nervous ... #wah hate them
cool people stay home on saturday nights to watch anime and play animal crossing
The dining chairs will be delivered between 10a and 2p today. Who wants to take bets on what time they actually show up?
Who wants to make labels for me?
Watching the Whitney Houston episode of Glee and HOLY! I would be way happy with just on the show (: <3
I like you already! :)
I have the hustle and the heat, but whoever helped with his jumper needs to help me with mine. It needs it.
Ah, so sad about #WhitneyHouston. Also sad that Maya Rudolph can no longer parody her in good taste.
just moving to NW. it's been planned :)
Thanks for the follow! Following you back!
just because of that Hollins is going off tomorrow just for you Adam haha
So pissed. Your annoying.
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
I don't think we're making a big enough deal out of the fact that Zooey Deschanel needs a phone to tell her it's raining
Made my 6th trip from Aurora today, first time I had the chalupas. AWESOME! Always leave with a big smile. Thank you.
CNN Debate in 1 Hour! Paulites, you know what to do!
Lmao at the mexican version of "asking all them questions" hahahahahaha
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ...
Well Ft Myers is definitely closer for me lol. Good luck with the PPV on your iPad.
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
Usually id perfer puppies but is my favortie little kitty. :3
you have it.
RT : on bringing fanfic practices to academic communication, also putting prospectuses online
Check out keyannarochelle
yeah it looked sick!(:
God Ministry ,is God Ministry, all he need for us to do is play our position he got the rest,Jesus said go and dont take nothing with u
Meniscus is also a possibility, since the knee resisting being bent threw him to the other side of the base...
just listened to 12-6-97 bc its mr.miners favorite tweezer... you should go listen to that. definitely.
Famous people like Steven Spielberg, Sarah Jessica Parker have a house in the Hamptons.
RT : Nice spot on the Mo show last night. Good catch with the basketball wifey!
if you can carry them by yourself it's not too many ;)
Shame on us for not signing #Sneijder. Best center mid in the world. have a great season. Hope your a red some day.
Today 4-9pm fundraiser @ Zaxby’s on S. Church St in Murfreesboro 10% of sales donated to the Rutherford County Foster Parent Association
If you struggle with your weight and wish there was a way to lose weight and keep it off, Loving Yourself Thin is the book for you....
Really emphasizing w/ my interdisc grad class the importance of making their critical approach explicit in their work.
CBRE named global integrator of real estate services for Microsoft's 34 million-sq.-ft. global portfolio.
These WesternSky loans are hilarious. "$10,000 in your bank account by tomorrow".. Catch is, you end up paying back $62,000 over 7 years...
the last time the knicks won a playoff game was just starting to look for his first #twitter follower
He's such a stress on my heart. I love him but he's killin me wit this stress
sorry i took so long to respond , im reading imagines :)
A4 to be trusted is to be honored with a sacred gift
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS! Sry cant follow u guys back rite now:(having technical difficulties but as soon as i resolve the problem I WILL FOLLOW!
Thanks :) Or else what tho? Just curious :D
Switched to #HTCClay #SuperFast v1.3.2. Seems to offer excellent speed, stability, and usability. Has ossum orange wallpaper.
That makes two today :'(
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
what's good beautiful
When watching your thoughts, remember to be kind to yourself. Author Pema Chodren calls it being a compassionate witness. ( I love that !)
Everyone should go follow
Omw to the mall
You know, NERDS really are the best candy!
and i'm on a few haha
I might look Amish, but don't try to smear ice cream on the nose of my tethered human. It would not be pretty.
oh you know it! :)
Insecticide Linked to Brain Abnormalities in Kids - U.S. News &amp; World Report
What is the music of the day? I'm feeling
Back to normal. Cant believe I survived that haha
Oh my! Republican campaign getting mean and dirty. Gringrich being compared to Nixon and Romney compared to Carter. Can it get any worse?
A S/O to my new tweeters that follow me, I love to hear what you have to say! A great day out here in Souther Calfornia!
Sending high-fives and angels! Go "Git it" girls! You Rock!!!
RIP Ron Smith
#OnlyAtNimitz people slip on fruit loops lmao
Recruiting in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas the next 3 days. Back in time for our last home game of the season Sat. Redhawks are improving!
Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you
I dunno about that, there are plenty of fat americans that would make a tasty polar bear snack :) we are the kings of fat
Buy SIX weeks and you get one WEEK FREE* Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6 (savings up to $210)
I AM RAP. Point blank. Nobody works as hard as I do.
Conceit is God's gift to little men.
: just submitted my blog post.
Wherd u play?
Real!! Nothing smells like the real thing.
oh my goodness! Pneumonia in the summer time?! Feel better.. Let me know if u need anything at all.. :(
I'm using Echofon n tweetcaster
Printer ink exploded on me today.....This is the first time I wish I had been working on web design instead of print.
Why?:( RT sucks to be you!! Cuz it's mine :) forever and ever :p
BREAKING NEWS: Boys@ Adam Yauch (aka MCA) has died from cancer at the age of 47
Thanks, I will definitely share with our students.
Social Media Factoid: LinkedIn is 277% more effective for lead generation than Facebook and Twitter.
BO. But yeah, they wanted it. OT time.
RT: Why do heels have padding in the heels? All your weight is on the balls of your feet...cruel monkeys musta designed them
Remember to consider your "above the fold" apps carefully via
lol *in chris brown voice* You gettin paper!
#TakingOff to #COLORADO n da morn n i cant sleep ive neva been i wonder what its like...............
Who wants to attend a listening party? Your attendance would earn you a goblet!
hostile much?
Life is good!
no wonder hehe!
Bout to do a Beat Listining session for some clients.. ! #OverTime at aka
yup. And who said the NBA has gotten boring?
Matinee Performance TODAY at 3pm at TSAC! Join us for some hilarious improv comedy for younger audiences!
they caught the guy less than 1/4 from my house!
Ok after calming down-I like Weeden since they say he will start-can still get WR Hill-I got a lil fired up- what u expect, I'm a Browns fan
<U+0427><U+0435><U+043B><U+043E><U+0432><U+0435><U+043A> <U+0441> <U+043A><U+0438><U+043D><U+043E><U+0430><U+043F><U+043F><U+0430><U+0440><U+0430><U+0442><U+043E><U+043C> Just a man with a movie camera
So it's official: one half of the former Sausage King appears to be a new hair salon. #wtf #sad cc
One Direction: You're insecure, dont know what for. Me: Do you want a list??
Thank God for what you have; as well as what you don't have.
Interviewing comedian today live at Crabtree Funny guy. Come say hi & be there for North Face giveaway!
Also, on Fri, Sat & Sun only, we'll offer our "Red Hot Youpon"! 5 classes for $25! Come on in, or get them through the online store!
Even though Memphis lost was clutch. Fck Griffin. Fck Paul. Fck the Clippers.
Thought is action in rehearsal. -Sigmund Freud
What was the name of the South Haven place with the good fish tacos?
#StatusNightClub is that move this Friday. We popping bottles for
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. Donate today. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
We are over the 100 fans. Thanks all for the LIKES!!
Anyone else having issues right now with #frontier internet?
Whoa--congrats! Zombaby No. 2 coming through!
hell yeah bro what about you?
oh my gosh I totally cringed and feel for you. Puzzles are my favorite and I can't imagine not being able to totally finish.
when we were at the #winesisterhood conference, you mentioned a car service from Napa to SFO - what was it?
love me some Michael Buble but those pants are not becoming!
Foie Gras Oysters are going fast tonight....Quilcene oysters sauteed and topped with foie, quail egg sunny side up....
Thanks for the shout out!
Finally departing Baltimore and heading to Dallas!
I now own and operate and licensed talent agency in southern california. If you are a model or actor looking for representation, please
Morning twitter family!
Yes, Tom, you are the only one.
... but it's also useful to have longer, more 'permanent' debates over email
Juice Gun Gun | online games by Lista Juegos Online
i heard from my friend ciara you were trying to get in contact with me. hit me up on fb or here :)
You'll always know who's not happy with their own lives, because they're the ones always so busy discussing yours
section 109. Asking face value, $190 for the pair.
Why is nick cannon tweeting being transferred to another hospital?Man just chill twitter gone be here thank God for life and rest
ringringring!!! hello! thanks so much for the follow!! xoxoxox
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome. -Jules W Lederer
holy close up on and !
Ready to get up outta here! Forget some of these dumb bitches for a while.
Going out tonight(;
Because our sometimes-idiotic culture fetishizes children as both political and as accessories.
Make up your mind follow me or don't !!
um was that a laugh?
Vegas Crush TweetHearts!
I took my daughter and niece yesterday, it was a cute movie. The lady next to me enjoyed it more than my daughter and niece
what happened to airboom
gwah awesome congrats!
Came to #toccon looking for the magical ebook solution for re-imagining illustrated art books. No magic yet. Still looking!
CDs are burned...now need your address...text of email me! :)
just licked my elbow
Wheels up Miami... #bittersweet miss you already
“Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.” <U+2015> Fulton J. Sheen
17. Im Random, cool, nice ;)
I want. I hungry. O:
Enerchia tip of the day: Sprinkle #chia on foods such as yogurt or salad to get a boost of energy.
well lets get you one of those.
Plus they're kind of one person kitties - affectionate w/me, but standoffish w/others.
Blasting and checking out some of rocker-fashion's best lookbooks for the spring. Happy Monday, dolls!
Super excited for the first food = art on 2012 tonight at joe squared power plant
An entire sunday in pjs and lots of cuddling with my kids means this weekend has been pwned.
Chillin wit listening to gonna hit the torch soon!
Thanks for the follow would like to hear some music give us a shout, Have a blessed weekend
Hey you! Maybe you should eat makeup so you can try and be pretty on the inside bitch! you're so funny!
Someone please come take care of me
haha, poor E. just can't hang like you used to huh?
Congrats--maybe celebrate by buying a few more that you're dying to read?
Really wishing it would snow in WI!! I want to downhill ski so bad.
Absolutely, we really appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students. Thx !
I miss you too! No updates. This is going to be really hard :/
#Memphis | If you love the "bleus"-as any good Memphian should- join us on the patio tmw night. Daddy Mack takes you back to the juke joint.
Creeps on facebook you dont know who message you.
Re: Monkey Nest - Was Pacha too close for you? Or maybe you're trying to be mayor of all Burnet Road coffee shops ;-)
What up twitches, one more class to go and the weekend begins. What r ur plans cause I know where I'm goin, just dnt know where I'll end up
Thinking hard..
why not have both???
when are we goin to the cousins?
I believe in positivity and fate and it's paying off!
Oh boy...hey, twitter makes your tshirt look one size too small....oh, wait....
May 20th, A Servant in the House of Many Gods by Maryam Abdul-Qawiyy, debut at , 7pm!
Tip #84: Losing focus? Go outside, take a very deep breath in through your nose, hold for a count of five, breathe out fully. Repeat 10x.
The best part of #ThenIHitThatShoulderDance is that I picture doing it.
Seeing the suite empty out makes me sad :/
We certainly did enjoy the sun, thanks for sharing!
figuring out what twitter is
Don't forget the one sitting in a dark room drinking himself to death.
Aw...I'm here
If ya man don't want you let him go :-)
true true. I guess you're right! Lol that means this year is gonna be GRRRR ATE (; lol
let's chill this weekend!
Wha? 8 Mile is on Instant View! We are so watching that again tonight.
Well, I think they would of pumped ads in there anyway.. They have to make money at some point...
Social Media Breakfast Madison. Also has a Twitter handle !
this interview w/ ted danson on oceans is so inspiring! www.oceana.org
CBP is such an awesome park. It never gets old.
Fav apps - Dropbox, Diigo, Evernote, Pandora, TED talks. You? I'm always looking for suggestions.
Mad Men was trippy this week.. ;)
Worse for me is when they think I'm just offering my opinion RT Sad part is some of those comments about about as silly.
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning alarm clocks
TGIF and TGWGB! (Thats, Thank Goodness It's Friday and Thank Goodness We've Got Burgers!) Come try a classic GF Beef burger w/ garlic mayo!
definitely hoping it stays at a perfect 75 all weekend.
Putting in some work. Getting it done! Studio sesh later tonight!!
will I be seeing your pretty face at happy hour tomorrow?
Important Dates in February 2012: Monday, February 20 - College Close No Classes Tuesday, February 21 - Classes follow a "Monday Schedule"
My mom called my uncle a dilldo0.o lmaoo
jealous! I miss the West Coast. awesome birthday idea.
Research and Markets: Fantini&#39;s Lodging Report, Full Suite - includes Market Notes, Conference Call Reports, Of ...
thank you! :)
Why do so many guys take pictures with their tongues out.?!
ha! Definitely not. He's still kinda short, but weighs about 55 lbs now. Still puppy-like & playful.
so I thought I knew where everything was in NWA, but I saw on FSOhio a place that had college, USA, etc jerseys, u kno where at?
key is to go direct to B or C groups if you make it that far. I hit B first before scoring on C. Redonk.
Lather and Rinse.
#FF & - two very connected, very knowledgeable activists!
with some MARGARITAS
Ooh, how I wish. Though 20 might be more than I can handle. Good story material tho.
Purity is attainable. It is sustainable. And it is where true freedom is found.
"Straight Man is a wonderfully satisfying novel. “
I'd be enjoying this moment a whole lot more if I was asleep.
Never let them see you sweat
love the face in the pic
lol Dasha you right , never wrong <3 but im leaving sunday im jst here for this week after i leave i might not come back .
Ugh .. so not motivated to work out right now
today's feather is tomorrows feather duster
A big Tony Noland welcome to Marksville, Louisiana - you know who you are!
Normally when I hear someone's music through their Beats by Dr. Dre, it's awful gangsta rap. Today's was Journey, so I couldn't complain.
I need a tan! I heard sun is in the forecast this weekend<3
Uh-oh. Somebody hacked your Twitter account and gave your avatar a face! A pretty one, though, so don't sweat it.
Getting ready for Showtime Nationals and Jr Phenom camp for Lo. Lot's to do to send the girl out of town..
Today caller 98 on the Draketones wins a pair of tickets to his June 8th concert at Darien Lake.
RT : Art Walk this Saturday...come check out what everyone has to offer in the Miami Design District
“: Fuck bitches, get #weed.”
some Lode Runnery locomotion there
wats up wit dem digits baby
Birthday shoutout to ! Enjoy your day. I miss you already.
National Kiss Day and nobody to kiss!
cats are so cool!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> Haha I'm trying to get mom hip to the #Nikelife. She's a tough conversion though.
LOL of course not! Thanks for checking it out; hope you can make it Weds! (wish we had Droid avail right now but 1 thing at a time)
Oh snap!
Women are the most Beautiful Creatures on Planet Earth… And they bring life into the world…To bad Hillary didn't become President.
looking for a job call 720-404-7961 we are looking for a cook
Midway through the 6th round of the NFL draft, Aaron Henry, Antonio Fenelus, Oglesby, Butrym, Phil Welch and Brad Nortman still on the board
Glad you got a laugh RT : his impression this morning was spot on! So funny
Makes me mad-____- but i still love him<3 lmbo
- m lil wayne has the cutest smile (:
every thing you have to fix or improve will take 50% more money and 25% more time than you expect. No Fixer uppers!!
Coming from a diehard Lakers fan; Derek Fisher & Thunders will have the last laugh in this playoff series
We should have picked up playoff tix. You going?
I've never seen such tenacity in all my life.
Still going. My current distance is 8.22 miles. Current song is I Hate Everything About You - Three Days Grace
I will live and learn.
GoOD MoRNiN <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>s
I need to go pie so bad liey
I hold the Throne.....
Lmfao xD Gay ;* That was funny though
Whether you know it or not.
:Nice well have a good night see ya tomorrow hun!
Will be back at Penn State tomorrow morning for #pala2011. (I will have my Terrible Towel with me.) Go Steelers! Nice to go back home.
haha well shit sounds like I get better connection on the streets of Dublin. Don't worry the city is average at best ;)
Party at Ground Zero-Fishbone.. tonight! RT Starting #SpotifyFriday- name a song that you're listening to on
To be still and know that Your in this place, please let me stay and rest in Your Holiness.~ MercyMe
we've done quite a few weddings for the late night reception food and some casual rehearsal dinners
I could do that in one night, LOL i'll definitely watch! Going to bed now though, i have school in the morning, unfortunately!
Agencies in LA in favor of rate increases and don't want rate increase decision delayed.
surprised i have died from a calorie over dose tonight with Alex and Lauren! hitting fitness hard tomorrow!!
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
What if next season on American Idol , somebody sings SH for their audition ?
RT : He's Just Not That Into Bacon
Enjoy your weekend! Let us do the dirty work. 1.800.DoodyCalls
i live in the outskirts.. lawrenceville.. but i be in the city networking and what not.. i do hair #DivaIllusionz and i promote
Bitch on my timeline keeps judging people for no reason. Okay, it was funny the first time and now you sound like an a-hole. Stop.
I agree with you completely on that.
Oh and I'm busy tomorrow so I can't hang. monday. monday. monday.
City skatin on this beautiful day
I'm about 3% finished rendering out my new HD video of the house of the faun! (started 12 hours ago, yikes)
yes this weather is crazy here in Nashville from
Even though I'm a #Deboralien I still love Ariana!!! Which is why ArianaHasOurHearts FOREVER!!!!!!!
lakers better make 2 points. at least
I agree! RT : Via speaker panel... Every high school student should graduate knowing how to code.
u will this Friday come out and holla at me
about to wreck some kids in discus today.
RT : "I hate school."
Good morning everyone haven't been on twitter for a while. I've been very busy with my book. I'm back now for about two weeks.
Leaving for México tomorrow.
haha date night
hey are you still at #barcampclt ? I want to introduce you to a organizer
Wednesday im wasted at the W with whitney
Among them was a gala evening of several hours commemorating Imi<U+0092>s life and activities
I want to win the
#MissionAccomplished RT : #NowINoe RT": I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
Good luck on your finals*
AWESOME. lol funny, He dragged u lol...cute. Well I'm not using short cuts either & Im following His lead. So nice 2 meet u.
Genevieve, you will find some money soon... less than ten dollars... about enough for a six pack?
in the stu tomorrow
oh ok but what do i have to do so at least she can hear my song thanx anyways !!!!
Just landed in PDX. Skies are clear, sun is bright and views are spectacular. Headed to EcoDistrict discussion tonight.
Some times you get lucky. Sometimes, invisible // and automated. Sometimes, punched or incised.
Man I Hope 8Flavors Dont Go Home!
I love it when it's cold, rainy & super humid
I'm going to sit this one out. I'm still pretty worn out from NYC and need to hit the gym tonight after work...
This is not africa, most people running around screaming Africa have never been to Africa. A ticket BACK 2 Africa does not cost that much
hey buddy wats been up long time no see where u been hiding
Welcome home boys...We missed you.
How has the locker room changed since the last time you were on the road?
have you checked out the Kodak booth at #CES2012 yet? Wi-Fi camera, and PlayFull Dual Camera. Hope u can make it over.
I am so fucking pumped I could run through a wall.
Watching Indecent Proposal
In my humble opinion, a well told story is always worth reading. "Young adult" is a marketing category.
thanks! I just have been looking at pictures of me with red hair and I miss it!
Regarding privacy: If you've created a profile somewhere on the internet you've largely sacrificed your privacy.
I'm in Pluto I'm in mars, at the same Damn time!
its free advice my man, do with it what you will
An old man came into Subway and when we were in the back we talked about how nice he was. A few mins later he yelled at us and walked out.
Hey check it out! Social Media for with and
Sangria Luxe Lounge Saturdays with DJ XXXCLUSIVE AND AzPartyLife No Cover if you mention AzPartyLife at the door.. Nw 59th Ave and Utopia!!!
Lol my 7 year old just asked if I was going to watch grey's amanity.
You know it's going to be a great day when Lionel Richie "you are" plays on the iPod!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I've almost drowned twice. >.<
I'm at "Not psyched to be reading your posts about island paradise" JK.. Hope you have a fabulous time :)
Fixed the fuel line in my 67 Stang and drove 500 miles to Auburn. Now to clean up and see my nephew.
thank you!
I haven't seen Steve in like 86482864 days. What's going on here? -_-
I've been on the pinterest waiting list forever. Can someone invite me? Lol Thanks!
Y r females so insecure??? I dnt wnt ur man sweetie... But if I did I bet I cn have him...
loving all the information that is on my twitter feed today and it's a plus that #prsasd is trending
You and me both!
yes, yes. Very excited. Thank you.
Mall in a little ... Hit me !
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3c45
We are all traveling at the speed of light spatially and time wise sez #BrianGreene. So why does the laundry take forever?
I'm good! I was at a networking thing last night at RFD. How are you?
i never strive for perfection... just to be better than i was the day before.
The communication process is complete once the receiver has understood the message of the sender
In the CBD in my car.
Sorry t-shirt quilts, but I actually think my new magic jar cozies are the coolest thing ever.
I Was About To Say "Eat Ya Girl Up Fa Breakfast, Wont Save You No Extras" lmao But...Nvm! -_____-
ASDFGHJKL OMG THIS WAS RIGHT AFTER HE DELETED IT LMFAO
Hoping we'll see the team sweeping the awards!
pretty sure you can get at least tree fiddy for that
Beautiful! RT: #Faith is the #vision of the #heart; it can see the face of #God in the light and in the dark.
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful mom's! Jah bless!
SAME. :D
#theview is discussing banning of 50 Shades of Gray. They say it was banned by #librarians. I don't think so!
haha....of course. Anytime you have a giraffe on your shirt you & everyone else knows that you're a badass! :p lol
$149 for a detox you can do at home... What the hell do they put on TV theses day?
Perfect for the weather: Braised pork shoulder with black mission <U+FB01>gs, mustard greens and soft polenta.
That pretty much sums it up! :)
are you saying I can't pass for Joel?!
is a great company! You're lucky to work there!
oh yah i just saw that article haha those are pretty bad
-Thank you for the #FF!
First time I've come back from Vegas and not needed three days to recover. I feel like such an adult.
if you can't parallel park might as well not drive at all!
When you put your iPod on shuffle and it plays old songs you haven't heard in ages...
Will be tweeting my Health Economics class today... as assigned. ;-)
Repeat after me: The polls are meaningless. The polls are meaningless.
3 borderline grades, and they don't get rounded.
Ashton Kutcher is portraying the late Steve Jobs. They should call the movie: “Dude, where’s my iPhone?”
Oh that blue light ....
"Many join the ranks of informants to supplement their income" Dr. Joseph Sassoon
Of course, buys for the FB IPO closed on like Tuesday. So, there's that. And the having no money bit.
Oh great another Country Singer to sing the National Anthem in Indianapolis, At least i still have time to get some good Ear Plugs
We're the best Steel Dragon cover band in Pittsburgh.
Due At Their Enhanced Styles Corum Watches Are Whatever ...
Curling my hair tomorrow c:
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
That shameful moment when I see I left myself logged into skype and missed a message from my brother in Afghanistan.
Goes to show you how parity in the NHL isn't just a nice buzzword anymore. It's a reality.
The son of an immigrant, he's really got some nerve! Lord have mercy - we will need it! Eff ME! "Illegals?" HUMANS!
Just kicked 's butt in bowling and pool tonight.
A nice weekend trip to New Jersey with and
Yo bro I don't wanna sound like a fag or nothin but dya mind if I just scrawl some 12th c. Japanese love poems on your back for a quick sec
Rihanna - watch n learn
LADIES please look before leaving the stall. It looked like a Monster Truck rally at the bottom of the bowl.
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, "try not to act like a criminal."
Hold on to your innocence, use your common sence, you are worth waiting for.
Will check it out!
We are too! RT : PHAME is thrilled to welcome as our sweets sponsor for March 14-22 #phametour - !
I sometimes do it with Peybear's tweets. Haha. I don't know why though it just brings back memories I guess.(:
To quote Sam Kinison, I'd rather slide under a gas truck and taste my own blood.
I read that last night and I still don't know what to think about Lance. Willful ignorance is the beat way to describe it.
RT this and send me a DM of our best memory :) HateLies<3Trust
I'm going to sleep with an angel flying over me and my family & God on my side, I wouldn't be dreaming if it were different. Love & Serenity
Thank you for the retweet & the favorite!
First full day with #windows phone "mango". Takes some getting used to, but I like it...
#NF Go Follow
when is the Pittsburgh show?
Busy weekend: Tribe 2day, Fri & Sat, Sat. (leaving at 1/2 to get to Monsters game), on Sun.
Does your resume tell the truth? Good resumes aren't just factually correct — they also emphasize the expertise that counts.
that feeling of accomplishment when your phone is about 2 seconds away from dying & you find the charger. loll
Tonight at 5 pm: Varsity Women's Basketball CIF State Regional Finals. Good luck to LJ Country Day Coach Terri Bamford's Lady Torreys!
i want this trashy bitch in jail
The Devil Wears Prada always calms me down<33. Gonna take a nap listening to them. Peace!!!!!!
thanks for your following. i'll be sure to take you with us on our departure next year.
this day is going by so slow...
To the Orthodox Jews in NY District 9 want to campaign for Israel then they should move back there and to Msnbc L. O'donnell don't be shock
Where u goingg?
“: The Gas America on 10th is now a SPEEDWAY!!!!” PRAISE DA LORD!!
RT : Alota niggas ain't blessed with the oppertunity to be able to leave da city and leave that street life behind em
I just can't win, can I. Oh well, guess I've waited this long, what's a couple more days?
Thanks for the love!
Anyone have any funny parenting stories? We're talking about being intentional with your parenting this week...
mmmmmmmhm, isee it aint worn off yet..so u excused
Congrats!! Thank you for including me :)
thanks for having us! you guys are inspiring!
So excited! This exactly what we needed! Makes me want to start using yahoo...
She so caught up in hype
conference - Nasa showing us a well thought out set of business rules for LMS Admins, avail online
we should ball some time ? One on one ;)
thanks for following me... finally! just kidding. sending love.
Yes. That goes without saying. RT : Am I the only real entertainer on Twitter
I guess I should leave for work.
#FCBayern win it!
65 Years ago today Jackie Robinson becomes the first African-American to play major league baseball.
Great to hear Aaron! Come back soon! RT : SKYBAR. It was good again today thanks to Mr. Merson.
HELL YEAH!! :D
can't wait for #TurnToYou :D
Happy Friday!!! AAR, Tim Halperin and a lil Everclear tonight - do u kno I once ran a lawn mower on Everclear?
- I Seen A Couple. No One Major YET Lol - Haha And Thx (=
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
mee too , i want to see what crews are going to be on it.
Yes, those who can lucidly explain the truths and offer pure guidance ARE spiritual teachers. They are the fortunate few tho
My dog is more fond of our compost pile than Purina Puppy Chow. Hm ...
How different is your version from Liz Einbinders? Went on hers and loved but don't remember Lusty Lady.
Writing about what my ideal #publiclibrary will look like in 2015. What would you fellow #libraryschool students like to see?
We have gone up two more places! Yay!! Every little bit counts!!
Congrats to my brother for gettin the job keep doing the right thing
Is #veganism healthy for children ? We want your input!
Thank god the Blazers passed on that Faried kid, total bust. o_0
Looking to register a few at my agency - where can I find the cost?
says design thinking extends to thermostats. After seeing #the nest we agree.
Highlight of my weekend, creepy TSA lady at PHX airport checking my boarding pass, looks up to say, "nice shorts, they look like undies!"LOL
RT I was wondering what you were doing in HDS. Now I know and it's great!<merci francis, ca bouge! A bientot a San Fran?
Hear you on the work-front. Your family rocks though for giving you your very own day to be honored separate from Hallmark bs.
With careful watering, we can help trees in this drought. Young trees with limited root systems are especially vulnerable. They dry quickly.
RT The triceratops developed three horns because duoceratops was too hard to say, and monoceratops sounded like a disease.
congrats on that man.
Ah! So much to do! Feeling Excited & Scared!
it's 5 o'clock in the morning... Conversation got boring.. So we made cake
Other tips: Shoot a LOT of frames, esp. if the light keeps changing, try to stick with one performer at a time and
yes. my girls r on the list 4the Wendy hilliard foundation program in the fall. I hope they get in. u haf to apply early for these programs
because its just one of those days
Contra Costa regulators vote to strip the Mt. Diablo Health Care District of its authority and turn over its tasks and money to Concord.
I do remember. Glad it's working...
WHO INSPIRES YOU??
"How low can you go?" #ludacris on the surround sound at
the iPDU will work (sort of) with 3rd party servers with info you can put into Insight Control
will do! Especially want to pick your brain on better greenfield frameworks! Great talk!
3 yrs is a grain of sand in the face of what 30 years of "voodoo #economics" has done to the USA. This is just the beginning.
as long as you know the quotes.
“The future belongs to people who see possibilities before they become obvious.” - Ted Levitt
Watchu Know Bout That .
I am now! Thanks for the connection.
I agree! I watched the Watergate hearings and it was jaw dropping. I remember John Dean dropping the bomb...
when the checks stop coming....
No free coffee on Earth Day in the States? According to my local Starbucks it's only available in Canada. True?
#Saffran #Orlando coming soon to the FL Mall area! Check out our amazing food! www.Saffran.us
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT coming up at 7:30...
woouuw 'one time' are u OK??
RT : "By Obama being a grassroots organizer, he knows what it takes to help our communities & put people back to work."
Caught in the rain with my coogi on. Coconut shrimping gimlet sipping. where u at yoga man
Rock bottom moment: Drunk girl on campus crying outside a 24 hour donut shop across from where I'm filling gas. Anybody top it?
Happy Friday! Are you ready to enjoy a sunny weekend? :-)
and it was wonderful!
I have literary 127 porns.:-) should I give them away?
I saw BTR in concert in Peru, Illinois. I live in Florida
Phenomenal poster art project from Maine, come check it out! @ the art of social justice conference
it's a super-duper secret!!! We go incognito!
Latvian students were so impressive! Did a great community service project with their Philly friends
"Be nice to everybody." - My Mom
I am not sure windows ever accomplishes work ;)
not only that but from the very beginning... many of those same settlers worked against slavery (which had existed forever)
Shower time to scrubb
Folks like Marie seem like they never get a break.
Followed! And I FREAKIN LOVE YOUR PROFILE PIC!! YOU LUCKY DUCK!! xD and thank you!!
Its going to be another #MiamiHeat beat down at the A tomorrow night.
Guess I never deserved you anyway. I was lucky for the time I got.
lol it took them like a week to put in mine
In light of Cinco de mayo I'm gonna go to Top Golf with my favorite couple Chris and Kyle.
Two more weeks of school then summer of fun.! Ayee ;D
Let's see who can come up with the funniest hash tag for moving while isn't here.
tall and skinny
When the two big stars(Amare,Anthony) come back to the Knicks,it will sound like a tv show: Two and a half Lin!!
As they say... If things around you don't change,,, change the things you're around.
That's my problem too! RT : either that or I know I'm not cute enough to keep everyone's attention
Busy week to come, solution PLAN your work in advance
haha thanks ;) how old r u ?
loved our coffee date! Can't wait for the next!
and feeling few lbs less lol
Happy Friday, Kingdom!
RT : Support the environment w/ Sprinkles! 1st 50 people to whisper “plant a tree” at Sprinkles receive a #free EarthDay Vanilla!
good afternoon!
Parents as the first rain in California starts. Remind your children about safety while driving.
stop by and see us!
You go girl!!! XD
#101.5 thanks for making my morning jam ahhhmazing !!!
Excuse me aren't you coming to harvard next week Newt?
And time! What? Nothing? Crap. Someone give me something to do, I wanna play a game.
Driving around town jamming to with momma. Thats what im talkin about (:
I Am The CEO.... ... Join The Team.. J-Shin New MixTape Coming In March.. Titled (Alter Ego) Muscle My Way In...
Apparently I'm crazy!!!!!
MTV loves Helvetica. To the fullest extent.
I think we already know. didn't we just live through that few years ago?
I can be anything I want with sacrifice, hard work and perseverance!
ur always doing fancy things. I been around!
seems like a motivated man from his tweets :)
OK, I've officially hit a wall.
So many days without any real amount of sun. I'm starting feel like I'm back in Milwaukee
This Wednesday at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with accordionist Sergei Niremburg and Ted at the bar ! Have you made your reservation yet?
Transforming an online course from low to high value is often stymied by short-sighted planning, lack of consensus, poor financial support
yes! you need one! :D
listening to justin timberlake
Have to get out of this house
Cat whisperer jamie.
drink water
She stuck her birth control up her vagina!
yesterday's unis were better
thanks for the tweet about the opening!
i want eat n park....
if you say she could be hurt or something they just may do it.
Midweek Poll: Where's your favorite St. Patrick's Day gathering spot in San Diego?
oh! That's sexy!
Yes ! Bring us please! Make us sparkle!
#BecauseofObama leftists have to fight off idiot conservatives who think neoliberal Obama is socialist, ignorance is bliss for the right
": #Virgo's are materialistic & superficial."lies ppl tell
Could be because I tried to post from my phone with Facebook ID authentication.
It just takes me to my own Facebook page & news feed. That may be because I am on iPhone. But someone is seeking info for me. Thx.
combined 2 wins for both LA teams? Over/under
i DID IT(:
Watching Kailey try on her prom dress....
Will anyone come see phantom of the opera at stepinac with me today?
trying to make up for a completely wasted day yesterday. Guest room close to clean, dog walked & sleeping; time for a mani/pedi and I nap!:)
How was the competition yesterday?
k text me with your top 3 choices :)
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Malik McKinney °Rising 7th °Bowie, MD °Travel Team: Bowie Magic °Point Guard 5’1
FCTOA is on the move here we go
Sleepless nights..
HA we shall go shopping. ;P
The Best Shrimp in town
I've been at work for 5 minutes and im already pissed the fuck off. What a bitch.
Who Wants To Meet Me At Lifetime Today
okey dokey - that's a deal :) hope you're well sir. -CV
Come enjoy our Patio, hang out w/ to watch the #CincinnatiReds ... Full Menu and $.50 Cent Drafts
So proud my big bro has 2 shows opening! "Liberty Smith" at Fords Theatre in DC this March! Follow and "First Date" in Seattle
State strategy on foster care working locally - Meadville Tribune
Nap + playing with fun iPad apps = nothing done for tomorrow. Oops?
and not enough iPhone cases.
I credit this fact for why I was able to pick up French fairly quickly after a lifetime of Hebrew-speaking!
Obama? RT : And yall know this nigga very well
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit! Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, an invite to...
#Mitga air base in #Libya has been used by the Italians, Germans, British, US and Soviets over the past 100 years. Now being bombed.
I mean TAKE ME WITH YOU TO THE 1D CONCERT!
Whaaahoo! Loving my love
Hot dog wrapped in bacon, fried, then covered with brisket? Yes please!
Yea RT : Was that about me
I Capture the Castle, Dodie Smith.
Also thanks to the lovely for stealing the last scene.
Some people literally dont know when to shut there mouths . I am .2 seconds away from literally going crazy ...
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Daniel your Qs as well! He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
Is that a maxi pad over Nicki Minaj's mouth?
I watched Hall Pass with Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis last night. It was a good laugh, Owen Wilson's nose is funny full stop
i saw him at ur concert in december tell him i said happy birthday!!
South Dallas on Sunday Fresh Paint on 2012 and wheel to match yeah niggas got real money down here
How can somebody be so perfect and flawless and hot and sexy and talented and and and ...
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
First time at Mineral Point for baseball, diamond is in the corner of football complex. Press box is in straight away center field.
Everything that I have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry. I'll be there when your insecure, let you know that your always lovely.
Baby Seat Recall
On the bus
there's a lion and a cheetah in a race... the Cheetah wins. The lions says, Hey you a cheetah." Then the cheetah says, Nah you a lion.
....and it is reaaaallly good, Jessica - thump, thump - was up until 2am last night, couldn't put down.
I eat subway daily
Can't get any work done after watching and take yet another night off
Wish that I had booked #Frontier for my flight so that I could watch #Fringe live. But will watch it as SOON as I get home
Happy Mother's Day 2 All Moms on Twitter.
Need to see #TheFighter tomorrow
Bulletin board material always helps!
pllllzzz be my 707th follower .ett would mean the world to me.. Lik really :)
everyone go follow hes the sexiest
Dammit, I didn't see this until now! The deadline was yesterday. : (
Why buy Modular Mates? 4. Designed to fit into the average cabinet. To order go to: mytupperware.com/jbarol
goin to bed
O_O why is the nigga up rappin?? Waking me up and shit...
Big S/O to---> ..I appreciate the follow back Homie! I too am hustling with a different sack. I'm never going back to the Feds!!
At a Marvin Gaye listening party/ discussion with special guest: Aloe Blacc!
We look forward to seeing all of you! Liz, Ann, Dean, and Terry will be there, plus others.
I swear, this girl's a mess you could sell.
#DailyQuote: "A canter is the cure for all evil." - Benjamin Disraeli
We just changed locations to be totally mobile. We are now on a trike right outside of Hole in the Wall. More coming soon!
lonely but not alone :)
Palin like every nut in GOP says desperate things to be seen as relevant; BTW when is Herman Cain going to vomit to MSM?
yes sir.
Good executives focus on solutions. Inept and incompetent execs focus on blame finding and punishment. How's US Govt handling the oil spill?
RT "Lovely. I feel so cosmopolitan...so worldly." <~ Lol, Very Cute. Welcome Darling!
Move bitch get out my way!
that crap fake as hell
yes, but he also is as good as he is because of collins. Does that make sense?
Excited to see my Tigers bust up the White Sox tonight #DetroitHasGoodSportsTeams?
I think rocked it!! Lovin #thevoice tonight!!
Time to Cut the CAKE!! Judges, take your place...
Answered question about losing my job email me for all facts
Madden is 10 today! My babydog is into double digits now :( old lady dog, she's the coolest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
RT : When i was a kid, my favorite social networking site was called "outside."
RT : A1: After working w/ her on several projects, my color consultant referred me to one of my best clients.
Hi, please take me back to 2010 for a bit. Thanks.
Gorgeous day in nashvegas today! :) I'm lovin it!!
We are going on a bike ride!!! 6pm at Cory The Bike Fixer!
Fucking hammered!!! I'm not the only one roflmao!! This is Miami baby!! Crazy dayz and nights and wait..what tine is it! Where an I? Lol
Again, I get turned down by a drycleaner for trying to clean items worn to costume parties.
The survey was meant to bring to light some of the misconceptions regarding childhood mental health disorders.
- lemme buy you a beer at First Friday - I want to hear this story!
To have American Legacy's Mobile Truck visit your city, log onto www.americanlegacymag.com today for more information!
Lies are easier to take when they're sung to me.
Make sure to come in before Thu to make your 1st rnd pick for our #NCAA elimination bracket! Purchase of any full price drink gets u a pick
let's hit the studio make some music some money some history
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown
No Prob! You guys were swamped! Email me your resume scherry [at] mindgrub
Tame Impala's album "Innerspeak" is perfect on this rainy day.
Woman next to me quietly sobbing
Ever had a little Korean guy tell you to "turn down your footstep"?
Make sure #Mom has a fun day this year - Brunch 10am-2pm. No reservations needed.
wants to help you. I have seen to many young black men with kidney disease. Your money doesn't equate2 good care
almost at 1k...
It's a beautiful day! Come to the Blue River Valley #Pioneer Fair in #Shelbyville near #Indy!
oh no no! it's just a word that creeps me out. everyone has a word! what's yours?
"We've got 2 get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's 4 business." Chris Huber #HRSW #socialmedia #HR #global RT
The slide can only indicate stop breaking down blues
I know, maybe some other bday :)
Sometimes you take one for the team
Girls can get away with so much more stuff than guys
> cites Marshall #McLuhan: "Every new medium begins as a container for the old." Time to evolve.
RT : "B ur own biggest supporter. Use d strength of ur thoughts to continually encourage ur own positive, productive actions
I wish I would have favorited the tweet where you said you were going to turn on Justified because it was your favorite.
Lol go back and read the tweet that I had replied that to. :3
ack. could also be ruptured ovarion or endometrial cyst, diverticulitis, gall bladder... hope they figure it out!
going to see #thinklikeaman today!!!!!!!!!! :D i'm too excited
just voted for you. Go rob:)
#please comb your hair
The #Summit has begun. Dan says this will be the very last one, unless something really unexpected happens.
Welcome to Twitter WestX! Glad to be in the first round of people you decided to follow : )
you are. And i know i like how you go leave me
any one wants to know how to lose weight fast?
they said i had it bad , addicted to what we had"
has gotten me excited about women's fights again
Damn it, the Devils just took the lead again. *sigh* Well, I didn't expect a sweep, or the Devils to lay down for the Rangers.
Your "working with Joe Besser" stories involve Hana-Barbera cartoon series Simply Jeannie? Sounds like u had a blast. Do tell
#WWCHD RT : Young, energetic rookie...Kenny Faried is the perfect player to hit with an elbow. Settle him down
“: Kouzmanoff doubles in CRob to tied the game, 3-3, B6.” it's great to be reading storm chaser tweets again
Just who I want to see on the halftime show... Obama .....
I hope I can write a blog post about this, but for now. Look for a list of agents in your town and submit pic & resume!
why didn't I think of that! Good ole YouTube.
the reason.
small city , big dreams ;
If #selfinterestedcandidates weren't so busy slinging mud they might actually solve some problems.
#MyBiggestFears Clowns.. O.o
Thank you for remembering me! That's really nice :)
All sports select @ Peach State Augusta GA AAU Basketball Games..
": Off to the gym for quick cardio & weights and, to watch Mayor on Good Day New York at 7:10 am..#letsmove!"
I Lost `My TRiP SLiP !
Any chance you'll start posting data about all of the books people read? I try to scan through most, but over 4k is a lot! :-P
James? And idk im on a diet dude
The LaQuinta is booked! Wear your love like Twitter, dude.
goddam you guys rock.
agreed. Yall get down
Good, bad, mediocre?
arghhhhh. trainwreck of a day...web changes tomorrow, mister.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis how to lose a penis in ten days
Heyy it's been a long time!
Everybody Support ! & Make Sure You Attend
I havent heard of it? But it sounds awesome!
Get affordable treatments in your home starting @ $150 for 60 min.. Microcurrent , microderm ,peels , oxygen & more... Beautycallla.com
All Time Low lyrics, great choice!=)
REAL SHIT ITS LIKE I NEVER STOPPED TATTN HMU IF U WANT 1 3106141754 ITS BRAND NEW INK 3 MAN SHOP #ICE *BLING
Ryan Singer UI and UX both point to video 62 and have the same content? Maybe some caching issue?
I've accepted a nice long-term offer from a favorite client. They're savvy business people, have a nice niche, and laugh at my jokes....
Pretty sure the only good thing about this movie is Tom Hardy.
Got a gorge blue/purple stripe maxi dress in the mail from (reminds me of Prada's spring 2011 collection). In love.
Get through the rest of the week by eating some jerk chicken, oxtail, or goat!
“: Long night and long day. About to sleep until tomorrow morning. #FeelingThisBed”
but but...car shopping is so fun!! ;-)
"lord zuckerbeast." awesome.
City fans belting blue moon? NOPE LISTEN TO LALAS SAY STUPID SHIT INSTEAD AMERICA. -espn producers
let the acting class begin
Don't tell me what to do, Billy!
Tribe v. Jays this afternoon at Progressive Field 1:05p
Me and lost to and inthe the locker boxing championships! Welp.
Great article. I just met for the first time at #blueglassla. We talked about Twisted Sister & Cinderella!
i have been here since DAY ONE i am the biggest ICONiac, i will ALWAYS support these boyz i love all of them to death <333
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
If u ddnt want to tlk to me u ddnt hav to answer the phone.. I wldve rathered u ignore me than tlk to me tht way..My mood is all fcked up nw
Apparently Fleury thought it was a 2pm start
Most impactful statement (for me) heard at a sales training today re: making best advertising choices - "You can count the people you reach…
Last formal meeting of #alamw12 just wrapped. Two events yet today then done. *whew* SO good to see so many wonderful folks her in Dallas!
sitting still in traffic and my morning coffee dump is creeping up fast... fuck
Early timeouts. Costly.
the tone still is about Strasburg being less than tough.
i would love too! Naa more like #mom #3 lol
there is that! Wonder what will go into the KM location. Might make a good headquarters for a newspaper!
are you going to apply? There are some good people in that program. Great place to raise a fam.
I just got approval for a Twitter discount on humidifiers and duct cleaning. Let me know if you would like pricing.
Bensoussan removed as deputy mayor of CV City council; Steve Castaneda -- passed over for the last 7 years, gets it instead.
so true RT Rain in the forecast? Playgrounds are still amazingly fun on rainy days. Don't be afraid to get wet :)
Another reboot of the D&D rules? The series hasn't been the same since the 70s and 80s. Too corporate and convoluted now. I miss Gygax ...
omg mine!!!! Duh
I like your style!
When there is never fights at ahs
im on that page but I dont know what to do on it
Good morning tweets! Hope your week-end will be good!
yo sorry it took a sec to get back to you. I'm free in the beginning of this upcoming week if that works
APUSH assignment seems long....
Indeed!! Are they on twitter?!
Austin went to preschool w Sebastian, and Cam's at preschool w/Benji. It's a coop, so we're all in each other's business. :)
Follow me on #instagram too for cool Indy concert photos :)
I wanna go far awayy -_-.
Fun! RT : Tonight I'll be a return guest on my favorite podcast #thebillyandbryanshow where we'll be talking top 5 kids' books.
Can't wait for more #inthegap creation!
RT : I feel so fly when I'm in an airplane.......*cough*
New subscriptions go on sale March 28th! #SeeYouThere RT When can people who don't already have subscriptions purchase them?
Yes! ": can you let the LA govt people know that I don't agree with having to breathe your car fumes? K thx :)"
Attending interesting class on #socialmedia for #nonprofit orgs at , my wonderful former employer!
All depends on what you would be using it for...
you're the greatest!
She did an EXCELLENT job of scaring me!!
Oh how I love Ashley... I like eating puppies >;)
U want to sit around and do nothing #ImBusy tryna make my dreams come true.
. I'M watching Kevin Hart for the first time.
Kudos to the people who write her songs. They don't get enough credit.
we should play a party together soon.
Receive Real Estate Education by following from Flip This House, New Haven. Please RT this message.
ALERT! GARETH IS IN FT. LAUDERDALE FOR THE NIGHT AND HAS A HOTEL ROOM ALL TO HIMSELF :(
Seated and ready for today's Tech Summit: The New Internet. Front seat because I don't have my glasses, and looking forward!
duh because I think that I actually might miss talking to you...
Greek fest be droppin dem sick beats
... so Sun. June 10 perhaps?
clearly fits as in seizures
should model for Polo! :o I'd buy what he's wearing. =P
I think 14th is where Lincoln Mall starts. As close to there as possible
follow us and you get a cookie ;) dont believe it? try it. o.o
Ah, there you are. Nice meeting and hanging with you @ #mw2012 !
#WhyILoveYou because only you could have me tweeting on the trending topic of
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday, you give me hope to continue rapping thank you! :)
that article also reminds me of the saying, "if you need something to be done, ask the busiest person."
hey jean
Can't wait to get these summer classes.
like puta i only have 2 months with you until you leave and we hardly talk anymore
#Sushi w/ my Beckett, classic car cruise, homemade fresh fruit #smoothies, and #cuddletime. Perfect start to wkend!
Police talking to a "person of interest" in Crown Point hit&run that killed 1 corrections officer and hurt 3 others. More info soon
Better believe it!
yup exactly how I feel! Love my Old Ky Home! So proud to be born and raised here! For many reasons
Obama voter, come on that's almost as bad as a newt voter“: Were you trying to spell “sick”? If so,you must be an Obama voter.”
HOT MAMA!! lol Happy Mother's Day, Tameka :-)
Thanks for following me back. I love your music. I am a big country music fan.
Patrick fultz of dm creative group and Nick Moore of wunderman giving a great talk for
probably still has my name written in silver on the back
Blogger here, looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
Detroit Tigers were 77-0 with the lead after the 7th inning last year this year? 9-6.
Need this job man :p
Just found *the* perfect pair of boots for a show I'm costuming this summer; too bad they're 3,000+ dollars. :((((((
no problem! (:
Hey ladies if your mam gives u good head, retwett thid
Bible Study :)
I would, but surely anyone not up on Ian Fleming's children's work doesn't deserve a merciful death.
Tonight's Foreign Film is "A Room with a View", set in the beautiful city of Florence, Italy (UK, 1985). Starts at 7:30pm
Too pissed about the protests
Living on the streets would be alot easier if i was n Indian..
Sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing, means absolutely everything to me <U+2665>
Sometimes we forget that the people who loves us the most are standing In front of the mirror <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Good Morning World;) Happy and safe Saturday to all!
Makes sense to me. Have fun!!
Can I get a Happy Birthday RT for ? He took a pic w you at WP and it was everything to him!
I jus put black olives in my chicken korma. Yes, it's amazing.
me too and gooodnightttt love yooouu
Even better...getting a ride in the batmobile. :D
guys this was the first time since like 5th grade I studied for a test <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> better get at least a C <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
And the dj is totally checking his phone
Same here.
so excited to have you at the treehouse! Ohm shanti
yeah i want it so bad ima try to coop it dis weekened
Lol..I hate I let everything else go for that Date, but its a learning experience. #FuckIt You know I'm still #Winning :) Note that
congrats! i'll be interested to hear what you're learning throughout the semester
Please note change of time to 11:00 am tomorrow for Danny Glover & Team Ross Rally @ 24th & Mission. Join us!
You have amusing dreams. Perhaps no target practice before bed. Ha!
Just walked in my office and heard Springsteen's Bobby Jean. Made me think of
- Hey love! What's your schedule this week? Sent you a text last night. Miss & love you!
Going out in public wearing glasses for the first time since middle school, it has come to this
need to stay awake to watch Jack n' The Beanstalk, with Abbot & Costello
then go on oh yea now i can call u i will call u in 5 mins
Today's Insane Daily Deal = 50% off on all HOOKAHS!! To receive coupon code send an email to with "yes"!
who's ? Oh right... the kid WHO IS STILL MIA FROM MY LIFE bahhhhh
Michelle Biden always looks just soo happy to be around! I dig her!
CAU elections are here!!! Speeches and debates start today at 6 pm in T. Cole auditorium!!! Come support!!!
Happy Mothers Day dear Lady ....xoxox
#Dallas tweeps: the #Gaultier show at the DMA closes this weekend, and I have a free ticket I can't use. Any takers? Message me.
Thanks ! We had a blast with you last night <U+2665>
Life's a gamble. Hit my joint and roll tha dice
I'm sorry, did I keep you up...I think I am starting to wear you down. Winning!
Wow, really cool; never seen these...thx.
Are you there? You should check in. Get yourself a badge or something. :)
I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime.
You fellas gonna be at #wu-tang on Wed?
Norah Jones has a totally new band-- they are good!
Is Gene Smith announcing he's got to have a colonoscopy or is he announcing the new coach at #OhioState?
Good times, good times.
We might be looking at redoing our error pages. What's the best error page (e.g. 404, 500) that you've ever seen?
Learning Twitter!
Remember when I said I was going to do all my homework this weekend...lololololol
have fun little one!!!
Happy birthday to Adam Clayton Powell, Sr., who was born today in 1865.
The last class is always the longest... Sigh
Thanks for coming, Tim! ^ac
Is gearing up for his twins 6th and Joshua's 3rd birthday this weekend. I can't believe my girls will be 6. Where did the time go?
he is on one this morning. Check his timeline.
Have you not noticed? Curt Schilling is NOT on the 38 studios website any more.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1797 Nathaniel Briggs patented a washing machine.
Even in times of famine, false accusation "You're Still A Gift!
Session M100 w/Google. Food 4 thought, what experiences do you offer the learner? Is your content more important than experience?
wins about 3 lotteries a day according to e-mails.
I"m not convinced that it needs to be binary - both goals can be achieved w/a college education.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ~ Rita Rudner
I mean I realize they make big deal abt it every yr
Only I would sit behind a freak at gym... Help me lol
This bitch has her bare feet on the floor nasty ass bitch that floor hasn't been washed for 10 years
I guess it turns out that missing work sometimes really is in an email that disappeared.But I reflected, and I'm still OK with my stern tone
My yoga teacer, "If we take care of the moments the years take care of themselves"
love ya too!
that last tweet was moronic forgive me.
and now my other lovely too :)
Let the drama kid die
Congrats! Which book?
Darren Criss is Nerdy Chic at Benefit Concert (PHOTOS) Sing it, Blaine! Looking sharp in a skinny red tie and thick framed glasses, Darre
I'll tempt you until you give in
OH I know hun. I misses you too. BUT AWA IS ONLY A WEEK AWAY BITCH!
how did u get hurt anyways?
First performance Monday at Bubbles! Come out to the Sharon Needles show Friday too! get your pre-sale tickets b4 they are gone!
COFFEE.EXE missing. Insert cup and press any key.
the #RightByMySide video is dope as fuck
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. Mark Russell
me !! Recording music in the fabulous state of WI
Are your taxes done? Then treat yourself to a hibiscus facial to calm your stressed out skin. Only $75 in April!
Good morning!!! Getting ready to start my day. Hoping that everyday is feeling ready to tackle every challenge that comes their way today.
Thanks for the follow. I wanted to go to your opening on 10/1 but was out of town! Soon...
So I figured I'm giving twitter a shot. and so far I get nothing out of it. what am i doing wrong?
re: Oklahoma embarrassment. So you moved to a more progressive state . . . um . . . Arizona?
don't follow your heart. Make your heart follow you. The things your heart desire are often the things you're better off without.
the chef rocks cuz he's my hubby
I love the blue wall
So glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for stopping in!
And it's official... (and fam) totally rock! Thanks for a lovely chat!
you mean that summer camp
IT'S ON AND QUACKIN'!
Pooling of financial resources lightens the financial load and gives the group greater financial means. Let us help...
I try to keep up with twitter as much as i can. I realized i only know half of the people on my list.......or maybe less than half lol
I really want a tiltshift lens becausr I dont want to go throught the pain of editing
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning? What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
if you like brunch as much I do I think we should go!
#WPSP I have the cup! The quote is the footer of my email messages to my women's groups. Powerful statement!
They throwing doughnuts in the crowd lol
Love it! Now if it was only responsive :-P
haha it is a lovely distraction, isn't it...? ;)
At home finally with my baby!!!
ill be drinking again by then so you're on...
you're welcome!
Still 4 Yankees tickets available at #PENCILGala without any bids!
hilarious!!!!! I thought it tho..... Lmbo!!
Getting back from the Crozet Music Festival
So, I only watched the second half, which means the Redskins defense is clearly going to carry them to the Super Bowl, right?
nandi need u to read my tweet for ideas
We're all wondering...MT : Chris Matthews intros Log Cabin R spokesperson saying he doesn't know why they still exists.
whats up! justin bieber #1 fan i know u love him and wanna marry him!Lol...
Did I tell you I loved Sins of the Son? I need to email you to tell you what really got this theology geek excited.
what library?
oh fine you can have my autograph...
Di dyou ever get that email?
that's one way to look at it.... :)
When we left off late Thursday, we sang the praises of #Browns taking Brandon Weeden to be their next starting QB
thank you jade :) I can't wait for you to be out here!
It's #FF! Make sure to follow
Wade has to go up strong, then he'll get the call.
- I suppose I'll keep your dang gift now. Since you wrote on it . . .
If you have your work on facebook as "Drug lord" I really have no hope for your future.
Did I really just read the book to kindergardeners!?!
It's a running late, turn signal in the parking garage, forgot badge on desk, hair still wet, hit funny bone, stubbed toe kind of morning
You've clearly been there too long! ;-)
So tired ugh glad I'm.off tomm
": wah, your tweets are so depressing! p;" I'm sorry. D; lol
Oh man! I heard a re-make of my favorite slasher film, Slaughter High is getting made. That's a terrible idea!
Haha it is indeed
Good PR day: Wall St. Journal interviewed a client for story: Then Rachael Ray's magazine editor agreed to taste test our client's product .
i see u bra, im ova here maxin , lookin fa some loud!!
don't even say stuff like that just own it loud and proud no excuses 1love
the last 3 episodes of mad men have been spot on.
Nice work! *flex*
: Next weekend is going to be great! My moms bday; MS walk with family & best friend & watching win!
Good Catch Jennings!
You know me so well, inside out. Your deep acceptance of me is what I adore most about you.
Time to save! RT : Huge sale on party wear get in and save!! Sale ends Saturday!!!
I Need a drink!!
Has there ever been a more fun series to watch? 1-1 already
"I'm gonna be Iron, Like Lion, In Zion."
says to during #infoneeds conf soc media good for 2 things speak to small group of people & documenting
Already a busy day for me answering emails, calls and writing a letter to one of my artist attorneys. My favorite saying like a boss!
Is Inglorious Bastards any good?
go read a book by yourself.
Anyone know where I can get a tickle me elmo
whos dogs are they they are too cute love the names too :)
Ah! DMB is announcing shows! #SummersComing 2 headline Hangout Music Festival May 19th-21st Gulf Shores, AL
Do You Have Gay Friends? Show Them You LOVE Them By Inviting Them To Follow GAY WEST HOLLYWOOD LOS ANGELES
So I decided I need a bunch of lipsticks and retro dresses. ...And a job.
The McFarlanettes are trying to come up with the perfect Mother’s Day gift for this weekend...maybe a trip to the spa or mimosas at brunch?
<U+266B> "You may be with her, but I still had you first." <U+266B>
Who are you rooting for? #Eagles or #Bears? RT this & let me know who you're rooting for! Going to a #Bartab spot? DM me & I'll hook you up
What a great idea! Don't let one measly class stand between you and the BA!
More like sequestered between three expressways in suburban Philly waiting for lunch. Then Mustangs @ Soul 5:45 pregame 540ESPN
I hate hypocrites just as much as I do liars
YaY will ! sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up
Break the cycle of the poverty mindset...discover the prosperity mindset and open your mind to multiple ways to bring in income.
falling in reverse is in town...if this was 4 years ago i would be there. but im not going by myself
I bet Suzie was the cause of all of this smh she about to get Keisha killed
"the victim's mentality". Victims tend to have a "victim's mentality".
We don't. We're a delivery service for food, treats & toys. We can ship toy or add to food order if interested in our service.
word. This yours?
Welcome to Twitter. You know how to use it yet? :)
The NHL should bring more teams to warm weather cities like San Diego, Houston and Orlando.
Just had my first Korean Mill in K-Town with Hugh!!!
I'm a little concerned that he's not in a formal training program...
Hope it's nothing too serious then.
Don't b hatin Atlanta, U KNOW U LOVE HIM!
#wiright now shameless attacking Kris Barrett, ignores the fact that she, and thousands of other teachers in WI, were laid off bc of Walker
Appointment setting, calendar management, data entry, invoicing. Boring and time consuming. I offer quality VA services....
same here nobody messed with my family i'll go off on their hating ass!
Aishdusuah I wish I was pretty... :/
Or, a bitchy waiter named Ryan. Either way is cool.
Decent steal Pacers. Tried to lose but the win prevailed.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <-- this is my favorite emoji
Love you too <3
Thanks for the following.
Umm your the one who calls people a slut have you stopped to think about the things your doing???
Whats the ideal amount of time for a lasting erection, huh Cialis?
A modern family's day...I think my wife and I are going to pass within a few miles of one another on two east-west flights this morning. ...
He just happened to be the product of a beast ass line....like Grahm Harrell as Texas Tech's QB and them passing numbers
"Almost all questions can be answered by Star Trek. Really." - My Philosophy professor. Omg, lol.
#" You could b rolling with a thug except you with this weak scrub looking for some love & in the club"
Do you have a Record & CD Collection to sell? We pay top prices for mint condition LP Records & CDs E:
Anyone else hope the Man in the Yellow Hat doesn't move in next door? That stupid monkey is into EVERYTHING.
OBV. what part!
I'M WATCHING THANKS FOR THE PLUG
No one wants to be around a negative person. Being a positive person is not hard. I mean, just look what God gave you!
Enjoy all the hoops this weekend, everyone!
These senseless acts of violence have got to stop
UHMMM DA KIDS. WELL, AS SOON AS AUSTIN SHAVES ME, I CAN GET MARRIED. I DONT WUNT TO BE SWEATIN ON MY WEDDING DAI
RT Thanks Marky Mark! You get my sense of humor! Lol. ;) I also get how Gmoney stinks..
": thank you I need it" De nada focus trust your self and you will succeed go get it Naz
It was great to have you through. hope to see you all again soon.
: old age ain't for wimps
WOO HOO!! :-D “: #nowplaying ~ ~ "Sounds Like Country To Me"”
Well I think your attitude is pretty terrific 99% of the time! Hope your day is going ok sweet girl.
i love it(: yur soo cute ! And i love yur eyes there to die for ((:!
Damnit i dont know your name but id like to creep on you via internet before next class. Thx.
street team coming soon!
Thanx for the RT. it was a fun bit of cheese!!
"White House ‘#BigData’ Push Means Big Bucks for Drone Brains" via from
Goin to Vegas in May, and Jamaica in June!!
I needed that! He's a master of medleys.
It gets easier in the summer when it's strictly precipitation-based.
. asks Filner when the public will see his pension plan. "I just stated the plan," Filner says.
How are you today my love? [:
Eating breakfast on the bus.
Gas station food. Folgers. 80's music. dark circles. same clothes as yesterday. ready for another 16 hours at
comin from someone who can afford a trip to Cancun but bums other ppls clothes
hey you gone to Castro Farmers Market?
You can look for our new posting on SUMMER CAMPS .com getting ready to audition for summer teen arts production 2011 April 30-May1in NYC!
I forgot how fucking good avril's second cd was. So damn good.
What is Wichita State's mascot...the Quasimodos?
neon is the dress code for the event we're attending tonight. didn't neo preppy hipsters totally beat this horse to death?
The discovery of God's original intent for the church is with the family! Rediscover ur family their u will find the more excellent ministry
Exclusive: Mistress in Navy Doctor's murder gives riveting testimony in court, see it at 11
Your movie program has to be one of the best among public libraries. be proud of what you're doing for your community.
Tyler sucks at NHL <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
that said, I'm definitely aware of the balance that needs to be struck. Notice no contractions in the speed test.
But it's like a teaser for a miniseries that's being pitched to NBC, so if it's good i might get dragged along for the ride...
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT AND YOU KNOW IT
make sure people/alumni vote for in the airtime giveaway for
nice (~);} Y did you think of me? Is my halo missing again?
Follow #pingpongdiplomacy and you'll get to meet some of the APDS team!
Crazy, right? Especially since is basically a dark-haired Cooper Neilson.
Doing what is right isn't always popular, and doing what is popular isn't always right. :)
Time for my business coaching call :)
Pookie and Ms Tasha bout time
you already know brus! Let's run it!!!! Let's get it!!!!! What's up witcha doe?
Just as long as I am where your at, Im gonna have a real good view I'll go anywhere, with you<3
Ten dollars off for a rental car if they don't clean it! Hahaha
You have a very poor choice of words mister.
Priorities for the future 1. Leadership Development 2. Strategic thinking 3. Risk taking.
Can you attend Fashion’s Night Out at Fashion Island 5-9pm on Thursday, Sept. 8?
Is it creepy that I want to have an orgy and just invite the members of One Direction?
Author John L Brown did it again. Mentally Blind the book you will never forget.
supports the cause to find and bring Joseph Kony to justice
Another cool free show tonight at Hazlewood: Thee Midnight Creep
...mumford and sons, arcade fire, scissors sisters!
Where are we? Maria echoes...
If you retain nothing else, always remember the most important rule of beauty, which is: who cares?
“: BREAKING: #Anonymous releases entire Sony music and film catalog.” is this true? That's crazy.
I wonder how long it'll take to get to 600 followers...
Lady GaGa -- The Most Popular Hair in the World - Huffington Post (blog)
Time = money. Faculty indicate that it's not worth their time to be in training.
Dear Japan, I'm sorry for your losses, devastation and destruction.
Trying to stay stong for your family..
I just changed my password. Should that fix it? Let me know if it continues. My apologies.
Hockey is trying to grow in popularity, right?
We hope you can join us for Thursday's piano concert by Aaron Jackson, Horologion and music by Sibelius. It is free and open to the public.
We are beyond flattered that enjoyed our popcorn and dill pickle seasoning on her show! She added truffle oil.. brilliant!
follow me when you get online #muchlove for you <3 <3 <3 <3!! follow me!!
Braves season opener. <U+26BE>
Thanks, that means allot.
If I believed in fate I would take this as a sign.
As a direct result of media coverage, Alfreda Barlow has been located.
Who prints stuff at home anymore? Coupon fanatics?
Thank you : )
I am watching you wishing you were here :)
When the meanest thing I can say is "you suck"<<<<<<<
Yes, Iranian Democracy. FYI No one woman was allowed at the committee that put the newly voted yes upon constitution.
happy birthday! the big 25!
We love having you in! Thanks for making us a part of your Mother's Day!
Incredible stuff and great researchable site you have there...hope to continue on!
Whoa nice workout now for a shower
Hahahahaha... that was hilarious! You will be entertained by all my guesses, but I did finally get it! LOL
Locked out of my house.. praying Jake has my key. HURRY UP JAKE.
#latin quote of the day - Non ut edam vivo, sed ut vivam edo. "I do not live to eat, but I eat to live."
Who was that Tim Brody guy throwing the football around?
Damn! with the nice footwork on #raptors Ed Davis. 3 diff camera angles, all 3 sweet.
"See, Barack's been talking down to black people on this faith-based...I want to cut his nuts off."
WED Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in Basil Mint Vinaigrette w/Sonoma Goat Toasts, Sliced Salmon Gravlox, Toasted Pepitos
Thanks but no thanks for your misinformation. That is not President #Obama's true budget. Check the fact before tweeting!
Thanks! We are pumped to get the rest of the songs out to you as well. Spread this tune around! AMAZING!
#astd10 top down change leads to greater resistence
dude is most definitely a lady
Preparing Twitter for the 2010 holiday lighting season!
Ryan is in the same boat!
We love Cat Valentine
The greatest thing I heard a woman say was.. Tonight your getting lucky and I will pay for my half of dinner.
Thanks for the mentions and retweets!
I will be there!! RT : Great music, yummy food! Check out at Fri. 9-11 p.m. $7 well spent.
I was thinking shot copping that colorway after watching him run in em. I cant get behind this whole gitd phase everyone is on
yes! i vote for a thunderstorm.
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY is near...Bring your gang, smack-talk, and appetite and enjoy 9$ bucket of domestic beers all day!
. Hope you guys can make it into . in #Brookhaven soon. We r new 2 #Atlanta selling eco-friendly infant product
Pancakes or waffles?
#fashionforpaws meetings... woof
Boyfriend Video Made Us Wet ? It makes me cringe knowing a lot of the Bieber fans are quite young..
Lol great answer!! Please send your #wine labels to labels .com to enter our Free contest !!!
or not, depending on what you want. Does fabulous have a score?
"Work followed by holic like gin chased w/ tonic."
RT : Tweet Tweet Tweet... Dis is Madea... <<< bout time made gets a twitter... this is gonna be fun! Lol
+1 RT : in any event, I'm enjoying you 2 rocking the boat of the 4 person twitter feed for
I know I think the Haters get huge chubbies when that is the only way they get on air
What is your favorite dairy milk substitute? Rice milk? Soy? Almond? Coconut?
Agree Michelle :) Don is alllrrriiight :)
's community bldg (asking questions, fill in the blank) & raising awareness of partnership wins interaction pts
great idea => MT : #NASCAR first-Farmers Insurance features #Farmers5 h-tag on bumper of Kasey Kahne's Chev in the nxt 2 races
im sleepy lol
you must give it try..
the Madison buzz follows me. I knew you'd be proud. :)!
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
Bebee girl call me..idk your number..
Is this Elijah Wood's first #Oscar?
haha you are so flattering !
The start to another amazing week. Great lunch of hotdogs, chips, and strawberry milk. So so good!
It's nasty when girls MY age say "I WANT YOU IN MY PANTS blahblahblah" You're under 18, seriously.
Blake Griffin has a monstrous game against the Clippers with 47 pts and 14 rebs; first rookie since MJ to do that
I'm back in Vegas March 11th
can't believe I woke up to 400 followers! Incredible!!!!
pulled out his chrome 45 talked some shit and wound up dead
I had that beer! It was delicious :)
If he makes you sandwiches.
TV, bring back "Jem"!
Just bro'd down real quick with Curt Morgan of Nicest. Dude. EVER. Not a bad filmmaker either =)
lol fine then, whatever works best for you!
On my way to #iipc12 with Just boarded in ABQ
Dude NWSA - see you there! :) Drinks, let's get some.
I'm glad:-) I always find such inspiration and lift here..I'm glad that I was able to share some with you. Have an awesome day!
After a long day at the office, I finally get to walk home and see my beautiful iPa... I mean wife!
could you open it? and read it?
sla2011 tarot readings leadership booth
tweet me. online.
oh good because I just wiped down my arms & pits with them
And now James Purdon on Pylon Modernism.
1,2 bitch what it do.
Some Phil's BBQ with Deathwish V. Excellent night so far =]
Wow. You must be really dedicated to the walk. :-) I need the bribe of an expensive java as reward.
Where will it end?
we did for new clients it worked great client loved it they could see what we were inputing in the computer -we do bankruptcy
I wish everyone could witness this woman trying to shove her oversized luggage into the overhead compartment.
it's nice to be missed. I've been busy with work and then hiding the rest of the time that I'm rarely on twitter.
are these lightning bolts really singing superstition to them while they're inside a cage what a perfect date
just tryin to stay afloat
Glad to hear that the industry is growing up. Thanks for the update!
Want to volunteer abroad?! Come by #TeenLifeLIVE NYC this Sunday to see what sponsor can do for you!
Pizza and coffee for breakfast. Why do I do this?
I'm 57 and I loved The Graveyard Book.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
who mad u blast'em lil buddy?
your welcome!! I love you too!!(:
But our friends are back, So let's raise a toast
#Knicks just let Miami get momentum going into the half. We have to get it back in the 3rd quarter!
#mistakes are bound to happen. Ultimately, how you deal with them is what really counts!
We're in #Florida for the 2011 National Humanities Conference!
Staying in DC for the 4th, but making my escape to Cape Cod the week following. 'Bout time for some sun and sea, and lobster!
<U+200E>#Humility. Noun: A modest or low view of one's own importance; humbleness.
I knew shouldn't trusted you...I never make that mistake again ...
I definitely need to start wearing more buttons.
But I have enough artifacts of print history around that his collections would make me look like a hoarder.
Homecoming! i look great! (what other ppl say)
ur tweets are like when all the jets beat writers tweet the exact same thing one minute apart.
A movie we did FX for #Absentia got a nice write-up in #Fangoria issue number 311.
Great job Congratulations! Awesome tournament. Thanks for hosting.
right?! Like where are you in my life?! Demi, Cher, One Direction. Jesus. Who else do you like?
Kelly Ripa.... Whoooohoooo! One Hot Mama!!!! Yeah Baby!!!
RT : MidWest Living wants to know who has the BEST PIZZA in the Midwest. What’s your favorite pizza place in #Ohio?
These people on this damn train are throwed off
i will kick you in the dick, for threatening to steal RT Oh REALLY? Don't Bring That iPhone Outside Then...
Need to relax <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
This was a fun weekend!
j dawg has a problem
Orel. Vinny was back in the booth today! What a treat!!!
I meant shes in my class...sry waznt tryna creep ya out
Okay #Bears do us right. please
Enjoyed a fun long weekend at Casa de SamBub with the gang. Especially and her chickens and and his shenanigans.
Ok. Big Inhale :D You are right. I am not givin up. There was just a bad ambiance in that game. Gotta Pounce tomorrow :-)
Be open to the here and now so you can see the beauty all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
m hm la cancion te calento LMFAOOOOOOO :P i`m just messing
Ghetto girld got there income tax now dey know dey baby need some clothes and dey tryn to buy a michael kors purse lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Phoenix Suns Win Game 4. Go Suns!!
Twitter is my savior during school hours.
you guys are weird
3 wrecks this morning?? Is it due to TWD? Tweeting while driving?
“: Happy Bday”thanks
Good morning twitter ;)
RT : Bayer Naked ladies #SantorumsFavoriteBand // also a joke, just 59.99 yrs younger than Foster's
Justice League Unlimited. Final episode. Superman. "World of cardboard."
Wade looked so hott out there tonight
Thats what we get for laughin at boston cuz there closer went down
If an ocean lies between us, I'll send a message across the see.
Yeah, it got lost a bit in Matusz's struggles last year, but the difference btwn Britton's 1st & 2nd halves was pretty wild.
Call and make an appointment to change your oil, it will lengthen the life of your engine.
Hi Bernie! #Nimble fan?
When your depressed it's only Wednesday.... But then you watch Jenna marbles and it's no longer Wednesday. ITS SEXUAL WEDNESDAY.
Passed my 100th tweet and didn't even realize it. Hmm. It's getting bad.
his new song is comin on at 9:10 !
YO Lil B! Hundreds of users over at want you to do an AMA (Interview of sorts) check it out man, tons of fans!
Oh I'm late to class, please stare at me like I killed 5 people
at Liv in South Beach... And not a gay in sight :-(
good read Paul
Shit will be talked about me, rumors will be spread, I just gotta ignore it
Nobody BBQs like the residents of Judkins Park! My hood is bumpin! Seattlites see the sun, and they flock to the nearest park to eat meat!
Picked up my books and the answer keys for my first class: Intro to IT, which I'll be teaching, Fall Semester, 2011.
was insane tonight on the show! How does she not realize how wrong she is? #teammelissa all day!
You should be "thrilled". Wonderful write up, you "online marketing shaman" you. Congrats!
Powering through hour 10 of workday on 4 hours of sleep. Gettin loopy.
Made it to my 930 after we just won the national championship
What's it like 'round the ol' celestial water cooler when Jesus & the Holy Ghost dish on the GOP? "TIME TO PRAY" my latest for LV CityLife.
Can't stand you
Pearl taking you out for BBQ?
Folks, blaming HBO for theft is the most vacuous type of justification. You are not entitled to their content however much you want it.
Just met Michael McDonald. Pretty cool to see one of my heroes keeping it together and staying sharp.
So, Shannon was wrong? ("Information can't be quantified")
Fans need to rise up RT the saddest part of realignment, sacrificing everything the fans enjoy for that extra few million.
The #1%ters taking their money out of the market now so it goes down & #obama looks bad before election, #gop will do what they can to win
Sen. Tom duane says "albany is play to pay."
you should change your tagline to
oh I agree, sure let's look at other options just not ones that are 14k a year. HIV/AIDS patients have a hard time getting meds
Who's enjoying the open bar right now ? It's going on till 3pm!
I love brunch, the delicious breakfast food and the option for champagne before noon
Just favorited my first tweet:)
no way! We must hang out! :D
love Mood! Love your wedding! Can't wait to see that gown!
Hello, Albuquerque, NM! Proud to be offering graphic design and marketing solutions for your company or organization.
It was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day
was that the reference you were making? or just some cosmic shit?
hell yeah man ...I love that place
On my way to go record vocals!
RT : Much respect for Kerry Wood. A true
Rushing around the NCR like a chicken with its head cut off...
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who disrespects the teacher & doesn't get in trouble but if you say "no" wrong to the teacher, you're suspended. -_-
Report: Minn. soldier killed on duty in Afghanistan
I am hoping that PROMETHEUS plays at the Bob Bullock, but they haven't confirmed it yet.
Thank, you're welcome, and You too!
Holy crap, it's like The Artist, Part II! ;P
Brrrr...it's been a little too cold lately. How about some Freeplay in the showroom tomorrow to warm the kids up?!
if im not feeling you, then that's it. I can't force my feelings for anyone
Hey ally, I tweeted that link too, amazing!
Wit his straw
Hi Monster
#2010memories the internet simultaneously made things more and less interesting
Yes! Entrepreneurship in a Noisy World
did you know there is an atheist convention?
Its so hot in here
Your article in 's #PRdaily was a perfect combination of wit, humor and helpfulness!
Just bought the best Mother's Day gift for ! Be jealous , and !
How are you ringing in #2012 !? This new year let your light shine and everyday put something good into the world
Just want you to be smarter, Bode!
Time to get ready for school. Sure wish I was getting ready to do another show! I can't wait for the next
Xmas came early today! All im sayin is wen u c me n my supa fly SMU gear, NO I CANT HOOK U UP :-) !!!
okay then its not just me! I just tried getting on it and all it keeps saying is redirecting!
in Soviet Russia, Internet KICK you!
Rihanna's association with the Illuminati makes her responsible for the ascendancy of GWB, the 9/11 inside job, and Kardashian's.
The Spurs lead 66-60 with 5:07 left in the third quarter. Tim Duncan has 17 points. Danny Green is warming up and has 9 points.
Mine and 's 11:11 WISH IS TO HAVE YOU FOLLOWING US
CAN U PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME IM A BIG BIG BIG FAN OF BIG TIME RUSH AND U
are you the real JS? Did you receive the email w the pics from last Monday?
Thanks, Penny!
New sermon "Grace Anatomy" now available on Reconnection app. If you haven't got the app get it. Search app store "Reconnection Youth"
RT : It's a kinda morning. Who's up for breakfast at the spot. If u late for work, you can't be late twice, right?
RT : I'm thinking about getting a computer, see what all the fuss is about.
I was abused by teachers and I have a fairly high IQ. One teacher tried to fuck me and another did fuck my GF. Go USA!
The hangover part 2 #hilarious & #awesome !!!!!!
#1DAsianTour every directioner should have a chance to meet the boys(: hope that day will come soon for me!
Would've been funny if they'd called it Vega$ to be clever, only to find out that name had already been used
let me know how it goes!!!
Should you be in the market for a new vehicle this holiday season. Hit the youtubes and type in The Marauder - Top Gear - BBC
Anyone else think that the Google Doodle icon looks like a dead rat?
I'm waiting for the iPad subscription. No more paper subscriptions in our house.
lol oh wow
An accidental yet propitious homage to you and
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
coolio! sent me a picture of that wall in Pgh recently, too!
BrainyQuote wrote: To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. - David Viscott
I know right? So so lovely.
"Having a bad day? hold your hand over your heart. Feel that? That beating? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason <U+2665>"
Yes - I think it's an extremely fascinating text, and one that I find myself referring to quite often (esp. Matsumoto's essay).
how do i dowload pict from my pc to my twitter
Hope I get this lil Job. That would be coo
Getting pumped for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow? What do you rock out to at the gym?
my favorite hockey team lost. it's not the end of the world or anything
#Vibrato is an informal dance between air and tone. The hand of #breathing strokes the #voice. #singing #opera #classicalvoice # music
Thanks for reporting from the party !!! You are the BEST !!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 16
I miss the Jonas Brothers...
Good luck Michael, if only we could have you when you were a lot younger, thanks for the memories..
Point being he sees himself as weak?
BJ Coleman: QB&#39;s Relationship with Brett Favre Should Excite Packers Fans
anyone wanna do something?!
What an awesome year! Merry Christmas everyone.
same! RT : I'm a new type of busy, so if I owe you something, it's coming and I'm sorry.
Being a very public and unfiltered forum is what makes Twitter horrible/awesome at times.
*you're
Thanks for the 30 Book Awards list, really useful!
~ got damaged goods. Dr. never signed off on him in Philly! Madson is a fraud U and should write about it
is next on 750-AM... 5:03 p.m. or so. Be there.
they were really good, glad I went!
Poor , she actually went with the plan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> LOOOL
The # of articles in tech/advocacy mags about is directly correlated with the # of male friends now following me on
can anyone explain to me the love affair austinites have with the leaf blower?
I can't really help you with this over Twitter; create a new thread on DTC and try to capture what's being sent to Twitter
still grinding and growing.
So i just walked past my moms room and heard her boyfriend say "I wish my dick was that big." Um okay.
Nyggahz is making me laugh right now
Are we really talking about dog sex? I feel sorry for our followers lol
Dinner tonight with my tandem :) I love Saturdays!
THANKYOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THE #AUSTREAM PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD!<3
stuffing envelopes. anyone need a press copy of Remaindermen's Border States Album?
Not as tired as usual.. That's unusual for a Friday morning when I have school! :)
sucks. Republicans from Florida are super weak who cares if he's latino
Feeling pretty bad right now. Can't even sleep. Desperately awaiting this so called breakthrough thatz supposed to be coming.
Bieber to turn on Christmas lights - The Press Association LondonNet Bieber to turn on Christmas lights The Press Association Justin Bieb
I just learned today that there is A baseball team actually named the Albuquerque Isotopes. The Simpsons are an unstoppable force.
There's more room for moving up, when you're at your lowest........Take the room, and move up....
could not agree more... YPs and ROC City Rising a true value to the Rochester community #ROC with Maggie Brooks
Tired of ppl asking you if you love riding camels? Help me and fund #TheBeirutProject!
I can't believe the bus was early...now I don't know where2go haha
"This definitely rates about a 9.0 on my weird-shit-o-meter."
Soon to be a published writer :)
carry on with your hilarious jokes than....sorry. ;)
Just saw a promo for #HBO's #newsroom. It looks interesting & think I'll have to watch.
SEE YA SOON!
favorite day of the week :D
yes they do. Just think if Sony didn't own the rights to spiderman he'd be in the avengers film. That's what people wanted to see
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 18
Side note for today: I'm NOT drinking.
#home remodeling Thanks for the mention. Gregg Cantor
why doesnt she want u to?
What a cunt
#IDBmtg Henrique Meirelles, ex Brazil Central Bank prez, opts to speak in English instead of "Portunol" at IDB seminar
you just got taken to school @ #BallSoHardUniversity meet your teacher
oomf always retweets this boy I don't fucking like & unfollowed a long fucking time ago.
Los Angeles :-)
Ugh. My plan is ruined...
#R.I.P Charles your not alone.
- sure!! What's team awesome!!
My brother just told me I have fluff all over my face
YES! goodluck premature tweeting works again! all booked up to fly to Nashville for 2 nights of Jack White and the Alabama Shakes!
Full time, in house job. Can't be outsourced.
English and German, my French is like Swiss cheese! :-/
u took so long writing that jajjaaaa
wasn't just got hurt in spring training
Before I go to bed I want to wish Robert Pattinson a incredible 26th Birthday! I hope it was special spunk ransom!
just in case you see bear at the glacier (which is common) you want to be able to RUN. ;)
I am okay with chopping it 3 ways as long as we each contribute the same amount and I get manage the money/investments
for sure he's been here since 2pm. Regardless, it's a cinco shit show and we wish you were here!
God damn mongorians break my shitty wall!!!
Fall reminder-Make sure you check your gutters for a build up of leaves before winter sets in.
Thank you!
I knew that lol
ya I feel you. I work and go to school so time to play is little.
haha yes! It was hilarious! :)
Can you guys play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by on the air!?!? That song is hot!
Which is better being too emotional or too rational?
god morning!!!!!
I forgot I followed just made my day. That's all. Really, that's it
right with you.
Really well done and cool product wish you the best from DemoPit! RT : wow. thanks for all the love everyone!
I am spending the night at (insert girlfriends name) tonight.
Thanks for the RT Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that need some fundraising help? ...
O'Connor water park is open!
Saturday March 3rd, Woodfish @ The Lucky Seven (The old 7 Days Bar / Whipping Post in Union Beach, NJ)
; but I told him I was napping but yet he texted me a BUNCH
The lifetime value of the customer is more important than the current value of the sale. Bob "The Teacher" Jenkins
Mess of the
yeah that's a good one. Last year it was something, but i couldn't remember if it was #nbtwd or #btwd or what.
Backroads...check....walmart parking lot...check....I'm one el jimador's trip away from being done with bardstown.
In "History Museums Are Not Art Museums: Discuss"
Obeying God isn't always easy.
true beauty is how big your heart is.
Even Thoo His Chick A Hoee .
Ha! Well thank you, my dear :)
Wine Social tonight! Check out the events calendar at www.ghartwalk.com and come see all the Art around town!
...and #carmeltweetup Nice to meet all of you!
Gotta run tonight....Thanks to all of you nothing makes my thursday nights shine like you
should i use polyvore in my story?(:
Brother, you have the one liners tonight. Frikkin awesome!
please follow she is you biggest fan!12
I just saw that the audience was handpicked by nbc to avoid the hooting and hollering. That's why they're so tame.
Any commercials or sponsors coming for you that you can talk about?
Because I can't make fun of tards. MY BAD lololol
I love the smell of rain in the Spring
RT 7.2 #earthquake is the most powerful to hit #Turkey in over a decade, & equal to the one that struck Haiti in 2010.
": Need Prices On Cutlines Or Bottles Dm Me! #Next2Naked [[Mansion Party]]"
RETWEET if you remember and LOVED<3 the game Bop-It!!
It's one of my faves. :0)
okay love :)
Is Sarah McLachlan singing about Hawai'i? Enya singing about a Chia Pet?
How many people can say " I get paid everyday, and everyone in my organization does too! www.travel.zeekrewards.com
Trying to add new recipes to my rotation. Today I made a kale and red cabbage salad. I know not too exciting. I'll try harder next time.
A big GenX group hug today. Our culture is a blender and Adam Yauch was part of what whirrled us together.
that sounds awesome!
Avatar. Not gonna show that to the troops. Pretty state of the art with compelling story about the heart of military behavior.
please follow me i had to make a new twitter :)
If I wasn't at the stadium to see his playoff triple that took 14 seconds, I would have sworn it was special effects.
OMG FOLLOWED ME! :D
No. Do you want it if it's still there tomorrow?
they refuse to use TMZ as a source
where have you been? The twins miss you!
Reference at 140 characters or less? Sometimes it can work. Weber.
What should i have for lunch?
READ MORE!
again if we were having this discussion, u would have been against Miller Park correct? How many winning seasons in 80s & 90s?
Choosing wine over a night in Capen. Best decision I've made all semester.
“Tomorrow :) : hi, when's your backstage interview with Kristen gonna be released? always love those :))”
You know what, I love the fact that Directioners & Beliebers are on the same side.. It's two of the biggest fanbases coming together<3 x
Agreed! RT : whoa. adam looks CUTE in a black tshirt.
Cheers me ol mucker. I'll just be happy with any European footie considering where we were exactly 3 yrs ago :)
Please don't stop the music :)
Goin to Texas Soon to meet with some BIG Wigs?
Idk I just am, hahah today was a good day!
First I need to find my bio freeze
love ya too :) xoxo
Most certainly. That's what I do well. Not my call, however. Cheers.
first xmas card of the season. 'from your trashmen.'
Check out the 2 goals from tonight's Timbers win right now at portlandtimbers.com
well put
that sounds the most amazing EVER
Rufus keeps coughing. Like he had a hairball. Except he is a dog.
Went shopping at Banana Republic. Now I'm happy and WASPy.
All of you people are so annoying at this hour
Cory Garcia for the win! Slinging Ink at Big Star Bar.
Smile at the Haters, and Watch they Jaw Drop
Having for the first time.
Working on Sat blows. Rather be pregaming for #ElClasico. Viva
happy valentines day, love bug!
lol thats not what it do
it's already like a dollar!
The same fans that chant MVP for Paul Pierce.
very much. Yes(:
I am assuming you're photoshopped into that pic right? No way your graduated from anything.
Its a hot steamy rainy day here at the beach = perf shopping day...
ooh ok will do :-)
Think you know #MarchMadness? #Trivia Tuesday warm up! When was the last time that no #1 seeds made the Final Four?
How bad was the play in the NCAA Final????
W.johnbaptistrecords.com
get them tomorrow hopefully I'll be there!
I think is calling and I...
I have the same name....just wanted to point that out!:)
I'm watching it too! "She was a bad egg."
lmaooo madison quote<U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Have ton of ideas for shoots. Start organizing and following through with shooting them.
Oh, that sounds really good! Can't wait to read it. :-)
So happy to be original.
I got an app on my phone called MP3 Music Mate and it gives me free music
I don't think that is arrogant. I think it is wonderful. I would imagine you are very comfortable in almost every situation
Visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for fabulous beaded sweaters by Design Options! Maybe you'll find an ugly sweater for a holiday party!
go get some clippers from Wal Mart and do it yourself.
I love being home alone :))
I wanna open a store that just sells booze and call it Pussy Liquor.
True, but we're very sensitive to officials here (Supe XV), and that call looks likely to rival Joyce's for controversy.
Do girl scouts really have to try? I bet they could drive around in a truck like the ice cream man and adults would run after them...
Lol, my decision? I didn't know YOUR decisions were mine..
your welcome, i just uploaded it!! enjoy!!!
Rain, rain although we need you please go away & come back again another day :)
“: Taco Bell is dead to me - they've discontinued the chili cheese burrito!”
I'm at 45th and Madison
I'll go with the flow, man. Looking forward to a cocktail for sure.
Great to hear. I was pulling my hair out trying to get work done online yesterday BOS->NYC
Yeah, a few times.
My roommate just found out that no one likes Nickleback
Seeing on t.v. always makes me gush like a idiot. Naturally, my dog decided that was the perfect moment to puke his dinner.
Tools also help students realize their work isn't just for the teacher... ownership is huge!
Low Turnout Milwaukee - so far. City elections official says turnout "appears low" as of mid-afternoon but "it’s a moving target."
it was awesome! It's too bad you guys didn't make it
DUDE! Do you have the Nesquik packed??
Getting closer to starting some changes. :)
I'm on Carnitine, CLA, and Con-cret for some size. Also using fish oils EPA/DHA.
Baseball hangover
Wants to have nasty sloppy rough Freaky hair pulling ass smacking sex That is all
At the CSU graduation in the same place we graduated last year :)
how much did u love that #REM parody moment on #30rock???
I love you more than life itself,
hahaha omg, good luck with that lol
Oxbow presenting archaeology for middle-school students on May 4 - TCPalm
Thank you!!!
That was great!
RT i aint worried bout josephine;; & is that a good thing or bad? Hope u have a blessed day by the way
- gets better. It's a character drama - gotta get to know the characters.
It was good. How do you count the milk in portion plan?
I haven't seen you in a week
We can not become what we need toby remaining what we are
you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio
indeed you do!!!
My stomach hurt :.(
Oh you're cool you premature slut
I like that kind of change
Already starting to freak out for tomorrow...Gahh I don't wanna do a speech!! Lol
Just received an email from Eastbay: "Remember Martin Luther King Jr. with 20% off!". Unsubscribe.
Hahah me too! He's soo perfect *drool*
sonia, & all here checked in to see Angela Davis at umd
All the time, for years.
wondering how my students and colleagues are doing at #ncph2012 #oah2012 wish I was there!
are you in school now?
Just chowed on some Chinese food. Now I'm ready for a nap.
Get that workout
He's been linked to the Packers in the 2nd
good site.
excuse my French but your fucking adorable ^o^
The maintenence & security ppl be too damn happy driving these golfcarts around the apt grounds. Speeding & swerving n shit!
I hope your not moving to Denver...
Reason 438 why I <3 #NYC: Leave my apt in W.Village at 7 for a 7:17 train from Penn St. Sitting on train w 8 mins to spare.
I love you so much. Thank you for all you do for me and the kids. I don't know what I would do without you!!!
what was he fined that much for?
what's up hows your day goin sweetie
Not being babies, we CAN wait, so your thanks & thoughtfulness came at a perfect time. Be w/babies!
Thank you! Also DM we are interested in your microloans! Have a great ECO Monday!
Also, #FF don't miss out on the upcoming events!
Amazed at the State GOP that over 800 delegates spoke for chance to go to Nat'l Convention in Tampa! People are not happy with Obama!
We'll be there! RT Anyone up for community class South Miami tonight?
Expect BIG announcement on Monday focusing on "turnaround-arts" to help low performing schools using
okay THAT was the best one.
great report on Ramova. Love that place. How sad
: X Whoops! They do have an amazing manuscript collection.
Happy 40th! If you are in town stop by for some Birthday (cheese) cake.
Scrimping and saving? See our museum for FREE: Saturday, March 3, and on Wednesday, March 7!
Always on the move. I was looking on Foursquare and apparently you were at the airport at the same time as me last week.
Tasting for today's interview consisted of merengue powder, espresso, whipped cream and crushed hazelnuts.
all you guys are the special one :) *giggles*
Be sure to follow my producer & my director
Women need to start searching for guys who have goals and want success...in 10 years, "swag" isn't going to pay your bills.
We second. BIG salute to Wilde.
If Constitution protects right to privacy, then your concerns with healthcare invasions of privacy can be redressed by courts...
glad u enjoyed my street!!
I want to notice me
The way i see some of yall treat your other half #imstr8 on dat! #single doesnt mean desperate smh
I just made a Pandora station based on anonymous 11th-century French polyphony. :-D
that's what I was thinking myself
watching Prince's likely final at-bat was tough, even though I have known all year it was coming.
We had a great event tonight with Mrs. at !
Quality businesses offer ‘lagniappe’ (extra value) to customers! By Joan Endicott
10 a unit of the Natl Guard in Boone is coming home tmr, we're talking w/ a wife/daughter about the emotional reunion
Tempted to send you questions about refs' calls!
Our guitarist will be on WLUW 88.7 from 3-4pm cst playing records including his bands & our track 1000 suns.
Good luck!!! Will send out some positive energy your way:-)
I DID NOT FUCK TWITTER
RT : Poor Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Worst food and worst soccer in Latin America. Share same colors on flag too.
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Charlotte with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
i've never heard of sour cream as a moisturizing mask
Love this advice from : If you have spare $$ for #mobile testing, use it for user testing.
Yes, Simon J is amazing! And you, sir: 1000 thank-yous for the gift of Bartimaeus - one of the all-time GREAT characters.
None next week, but probably next month!
its what I do man :)
great game sunday!
Saying 'Fuck It' is like massage for the mind - relaxing you, releasing tension, giving up on things that aren't working.
I really want a tattoo on my wrist. REALLY. But I'm afraid of being turned away from a job because it's "unprofessional".......
yup, saw that too! You looked (and sounded) great!
MY teen daughter's wise words texted to me (I am now ashamed of myself). "Well, this is what you have and it looks fine so that is that!"
you so funnayyy.
Never liked her, Never will. Fuck it at this point keep him. He's shown what his priorities really are. I'm amazed Pussy really is power.
#somebodyonmytimeline has a group photo as their profile picture. WHICH ONE ARE YOU?
Ig lieing is the way to go right now ...
that explains it, thank you. Learn something new every day!
Im not given a fuck doin my thing.
Yup RT INDESIGN IS A CRUEL MISTRESS
Ci just won't get a break from haters!!!
I just realized and are following me. Of course I followed back <3
#PLBO may be over, but we're not done with you yet July! The has their first concert July 30 at Vets Memorial! Stay tuned!!
I just got smacked in the face by a moth.
Up early making breakfast for my moms
I Love u! :D Just thought i'll say that :) lol
When your ex says "you'll never find someone like me" you are supposed to turn around and say : "I sure hope not !"
Let me know what you find out. I'm wondering the same thing.
NO MORE BACKING DOWN MR. PRESIDENT! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! , YOU ARE THE ONE IN CHARGE!! MAKE MY VOTE COUNT!!
Panda cam zoo! With
My dad is coming for a visit. I'm looking for car cruise-ins in the Sacramento region between June 20-June 26.
You should've told me you needed a ride home. ;-)
ugh, my computer is really acting up today! Mondays :(
In fact your fanciful writing abilities has inspired me to start my own weblog now.
you still in the boro?
my dad is moving out on Wednesday. k.
Come see ya boy @ famous sams!
I keep thinking about how there are like 30 songs we'll never hear. Some of them have to be amazing considering Runnin almost didn't make it
Tune into next Tuesday at noon, when Cynthia Lin interviews a panel of local Waldorf teachers and parents in Madison.
Next time come to Brake Specialists Plus! We will take good care of you www.brakespecialistsatx.
I don't like it when people will say "I will beat the fuck outta of you for blah blah." Real talk,it pisses me off.
VDS $1600 today, table looks tough. on my left should be fun.
Is this true? Prove it. RT : Same as ppl who do visit - interaction, belonging, ownership. Value.
maybe you'll actually get to talk on this one without having 99.99% dropped calls!
Proceeds from the sale of books will benefit Indy Reads programming. Store will feature used and new books. Opening is scheduled for June.
I should have kissed you i should have told you that i love you and you mean the world to me<3
No aural skills tomorrow morning!
did we not just discuss portion control?!
Smoked Venison Sausage w Port Wine, also a Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno Vegan Sausage w Pepperjack Daiya, and Double Choc Orange Brownies
How are you? In ur opinion (which is highly credible) what's the best mobile conference?/Which one(s) do you recommend?
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win- Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
torie been readin our tweets too much. Lol RT : Good morning n shit y'all wtf is up
fuck this, I'm about to go find some fried pickles!
That part in the movie Advengers when the hulk throws around the bad guy like a rag doll!! Hahahahaha too funny
How is your training is going! How do you beat the heat? Give that training a finale with the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Let's call this New Year's eve weekend... celebrating starts tonight, tomorrow is the finale! Hope to see you either night!
so am I but if I realize I'm screwed midway through then I'm just drawing pictures
Thank you so very much. "I am Very Happy to be here" in my Prince Hakeem voice!
Ah fuck it !
ready to fail my geometry exam tomorrow...
If someone fakes their ' death' thats just sick. They dont even know how many ppl rlly die cause of bullying.
i'm seriously hooked on these cocoa roast dark chocolate almonds
Whoever said you can't wear white before Memorial Day, I've proved you wrong.
Hahaha I thought you already did! My bad.
Yo Terrell Owens. Most of us don't know how to be dads. I have sons and didn't have anyone to show me. I try to learn as I go.
Hope you're getting good stuff for the new house!
Okay, so I can just attend then. Thank you both for your help!
Back on the tweeter
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Grand Theft Auto 5 Release Date Is March 9th? Much to Grand Theft Auto fans' dismay, the fifth installment in the open-world crime series
...shit, never mind.
i can always count on thats like blood
bad idea battery will get swollen and you will have to leave it alone for like 2 days straight Bc it will b over charged
Lots of #yardwork getting done. Also planted #gopherplant seeds and repotted my #hedgehog #cactus-"Spike":)
you should be following your own piano!(:
VA wine is really tough to find outside of VA, as most small production state wines are. I've never seen a VA wine here
came by today with 50 turkeys from Safeway! Yay!
"SNO" Contest Still open, "BIG" hint Downtown Sacramento, LA, & San Diego... www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I need to follow more people on instagram... Kinda boring
I'd probably cry.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul
FOLLOW BACK
Oh man. I'm jealous! Have a great time.
Scotch is good stuff most of the time. Good scotch is really good. Bad scotch is really bad.
Great passing on that last play for the Bucks. Drew is going to work but I hope we see more production from BJ3 when he gets back out.
your mom said the same thing...yea, we'll see, hasn't even been 24 hours
Wonder what kind of birthday list the founder of must have? Hope your special day is all that & more !
in the sports office: "The Blade-Running Alien Gladiator!!" Coming soon to a theater near you...
Waiting in Assembly member Manuel Perez's office to ask support for transforming built enviro. He supports it all!
Ambient Music and the Experimental Counterculture... yes, i think i like my dissertation a lot more now
he retired
cover of the rolling stones..haven't heard that in years! love it!!
Steak Night!
#dhtrial with his promise to get their names. Tomorrow we're back.
did not spend time in jail. Hasn't seen the light of day since.
Love love love the butternut squash Risotto from !! Great with shrimp!
FB News Feed: I'm now mostly seeing pictures & stories of people I don't know. I'm glad MY friend likes your photo, but come on.
A guy who tries to get with every girl, is not the guy for me
lmao, you'd be surprised!
thanks for the pub - we appreciate your help
Headed back to boston.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE! have a great day, so gutted that you won't be playing the Camden 1D show! :( <3
get to 500 followers ! ((: yess. GO &while you're at it ,go readd her
Perfectly lovely Easter. Highlight was probably the guy I saw angrily searching for all the eggs the kids missed on a church lawn post-hunt.
This comment has inspired some whole sale aggression! Couldn't have asked for more
cant wait to try this place!“: We're opening up The Colts Grill 2nite Downtown! It's gonna b ROCKING..b there or b square!!!!!!!!!
Loving #laborwatch with on #wakeup this morning! Good luck lady!
Rich kid names are becmming more and more like stripper names
Wonder if Bobby Petrino gave his mistress a custom T-Shirt the night before he dumped her.
Yes! The swipe menu feature is back on my twitter app. Win!
Thanks, Susan.
I have no doubts... I am Humbled!
Thanks guys. The puppy is actually in India bought by my parents..named her Rosy..not to my liking.
something something sperm donor something something
tv film short sketch documentary comedy romcom romantic comedy project directors or producers see my two previous tweets
Action is the real measure of intelligence
as always
I need your number to do that silly!!
Happy New Year Baltimore! Let's make 2012 our best year yet.
Vocal music Tweeps: Do you use #SmartMusic? How do you like it?
How can I live with myself knowing I let our love go
your pictures are so god. #greatgreatgreat what camera do you use?
Thx for the follows
Cold, cloudy days are great for bundling up with a new book. What are you reading this week? We're reading SWINDLE, by Gordon Korman.
experiencing momentary difficulty with the FREE Breakfast Entrée reservation system. follow us on Twitter () for updates.
Thanks! We enjoyed Detroit too. Tell some more people out there about us and we'll be back!
Dallas escapes Orlando with a great win! The Magic will be kicking themselves for this fail.
One #FREE month of #marketing and #SEO #coaching.... I have it... You want it?
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs r
Happy 100th Birthday, Phoenix, and your 300 days of summer (with yesterday being the exception).
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. ~ Unknown. Happy New Year all.
i was sleeping ahah i be k.o early and damn just oovoo me cause you're bored mean ahah >_<
With malts & hops as his servants, THE MAHARAJA, ruling our taps now.
What's the perfect powerpoint? Remember, less is more. No hard 'n fast rule, but Steve Jobs did it well. - Mark Allen
It's on itunes just search mercury in summer mixtape, it'll pop up right away :)
thank you very much for the opportunity
I secretly changed Matt's ringtone to BEP's "Good Night'. Hehehehehe. He can't figure out how to change it.
On the bus to Boston. Had to run across the street dragging my suitcase to make the bus. Was probably entertaining for passerby.
on crystal sand, we sleep hand in hand, while soothing words hover like hummingbirds.
#PlansForTheSummer Outside Lands, more music venues, and catch up on one years worth of sleep I gave up for College.
I've burned beans too! It's smelly! I felt like a #badmexican too..lol
Thanks to summer artists for attending our marketing workshop on Sat! It's going to be an awesome summer!
huge thank you to jaime for sponsoring our excellent #datavizlibs webinar today
This weekend at WYNN by the pool....ONLY girl that dared to get in the Jacuzzi was the girl with PERMANENT MAKEUP..All the others looked on
Watchin cars get #smashed at the junkyard
The GoldWashington app is getting popular. If you use this app, tell us what you think of it and how we can make it better.
seriously dude wow
I think this fits nicely in with "be in the flow"-get readers to return to library for services as we can
Woke up in a great mood! Its going to be a good day. :3 interview Monday. Woo!
I got all green lights yey!
GET EM BABY! ;) ": Just watch. After this mixtape, its all over! #BrickSquad"
People earn your trust. It shouldn't be given so freely.
I like you, you like me, were single....am I missing something?
DITTO! RT : Awesome presentation from !
Thanks Jacks. You guy were incredible. See you again on the 8th. Ciao.
thanks! and same to you
Payton manning sighted with the broncos ? O;
People can be mean
1TIME, I PUT donuts OUTSIDE IN OUR DRIVEWAY; nothing would eat them; not ants/sow bugs/raccoons/opossums/ flies
It's pretty ridiculous some of the things that people argue over .
Interesting that studio is called Move. Because after my first 2 pilates sessions I can barely move! So sore! But I love it! :)
We're glad you liked! Thank you!
you're sick! Get better!!
How perfect! Did you know you can even practice while you're on the plane? Once you download the courses...
Haha it's cool..
Politics has a habit of emasculating men.
Hey new followers! If you havnt already! Go follow my real account it's I would love it if you followed thanks!
I'm afraid to click on that link. Free shipping? Were you hacked?
Congrats to Jackie De Tore and her team for winning #OTRC journalism competition.
Passive-aggressive #FF for all the limp-dicks who unfollowed me this week: , , &
at a loss for words rite now...
you're not counting sheep, you're on twitter.
I just heated up salmon in the office microwave because I apparently hate all of my coworkers.
follow back?(:
RIP grandpa. I Love You. I remember we used to jam out to all the time. I'm missin' you already. You were my favorite buddy,
We would love to have you in the spa.
Yeah just traumatic in every way possible. :(
college coaches join today find the talent you are looking for. Everything is free we have players from all sports
Having a lovely bday with and at the brat house!
OMG! So jealous.
we could organize a meeting of cart owners/leaders to discuss with you if you're serious...
Driving home from boston and neither or are on TIC. It is sunday right?
sorry Alex :)
Thanks for your beautiful write up Sarah! Glad you had a great time. Hope you can make it back soon!
Tyler, you actually look like a mixture of all those.
tested out custom strap this weekend on my #M8 well worth the dough
If TBK doesn't beat Abyss for the X Division title, then or or whatever are fucking stupid beyond words...
Protecting your tweets? Thats just stupid, this is twitter not sex.
OMG IM DYING RIGHT NOW.
First opinion of iBooks Author: Look, Ma, I'm a big gurl now! I can rite a bük!
Don't be too quick to judge
last leg of the trip. dallas here i come.
what's up
omg!! Don't put it on me!! MDNA is a special occasion... As is any time I come home to Vegas for a visit.
50...can't wait to hear the new songs... U rock 50!!! holla at me!!
Women of the world rejoice... is now 18
RT : Winning design for Smithsonian Gallery of Art would've been 1st modern structure on
I cooked & ate liver & onions, my grown-up meal turned out pretty good.
1- best fight you've ever watched 2- where does this fight rank?
#666 followers ! not good, quick someone follow me!
you text mine
Very sad to hear that. I liked the way ep.io fit my brain. Good luck going forward, I will be watching with interest.
Thanks for the introductions! It's great to meet new people and learn what they're working on. Much appreciated!
you must be watching on Eurosport. No live tennis in in the states.
It was 3-5c time. West coast, YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE!! P.S. Alexa's hubby also produced it! Go go go!
Hey how bout them Hoosiers.
Kobe Bryant on MWP returning: "He's the one guy I can count on, night in and night out, to compete."
accidentally swallowed my gum.
lol she can... Aye, no Amare - we ready
Thanks so much you're the best! RT Check out this kewl, nu band They're kinda badass.
Some of my favorite Christian charities: Habitat for Humanity, Samaritan's Purse, World Vision, Compassion International
Mariner's Revenge Song!
so is it going to be cool if me & my friend both serve as club presidents?
yee yee girl I'll be there in the fall !
Cool World remake with #ElijahWood just so they can say "Elijah Wood if he could"
We'll have 4 E-Cars in the parade! (via )- thanks E-Cars, these are the coolest!
Got hit on the head lyk 4 times today by with a #MioEnergy Thing & A Can ! XD
31,000 people waited in 90-degree temps on the final weekend of the McQueen exhibit
THANK YOU XD :D im still mad though i did do something for the food though its outside being eaten by homeless cats :D
love how people forget the childish behavior of those free mike vick falcons. Who wanted to coach those clowns?
#AntiWar #DeathPenalty #Occupy movements should combine and protest nationwide
There are LOTS of books in this world to read, besides mine, lol!
What are the resources in which we own? What are the consequences of loss of privacy/integrity? A few questions we need to ask.
"Making history come alive through a textbook is like enjoying food by only reading cookbooks."
Hi! I wish we were coming to Chapel Hill! We'll be in Raleigh, tho.....
Between these two QB's, who's the better start this week...Eli or Big Ben??
Police say a cook has confessed to placing rat poison in meals served in a public-school cafeteria in southern Brazil.
Can NOT wait to see you!
yes! #PT, #Yoga, and #Pilates should be given a shot.
You are so funny. Luv this tweet. I'm rooting for your gals to win this one.
Congratulations to 's Travis Beckett for coming in sixth overall at
But since it sheridans daughters' routine she still wants to work on it! I would need to rechoreograph the whole ending
#askjessica Are you coming to Florida anytime soon?
Thanks, Alison! :) Coming back at you in just a sec. :)
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
when did people decide Johnny Depp is talented? Captain Jack was a great character, but I just don't get the obsession with Depp.
It's about time!
no, I totally got it....aaaahhh, I'm just going to bed. Night, folks! I'm fried!
Todayy was amazing! Megan had her baby & I was wit my Bestfriewnnddss! # Can't.Wait.For.Summer.
and KCAL in Los Angeles for interviews. Chaka Khan is the other guest today. She now has her very own copy of The Fourth Fisherman!
Welcome back, hope everybody had a great holiday!
#MiddleStates team here, wrap-up session today. They were interested in our libraries, esp re planning and assessment.
lmao , your crazy they're gon take them pictures .
Zeptyche - Black Mouth (Extended Mix)
we should trend #VerifyAustinMahone! keep trending #400kmahomies too <3
Don't people who say "cray cray" realize how stew stew they sound?
Home after some delicious sushi with my friend, Steph.
Where the fuck is my taxi. Yo, didn't I say 7pm almost 3 hours ago when I booked it?
Congrats on finishing library school!
You remind me of the times when I knew who I was. But still the second hand will catch us, like it always does.
aw, I'm flattered! Thanks for watching. :) I love learning new instruments. My fiancé gets me a new one each bday!
Congratulations to Elan Elkaim who won the iPad2 Giveaway at our raffle last night at Artician Digital Media Gallery!
follow me? :)
I'm not accepting responsibility for any of this. You started it with your creeping
What was #aol thinking? I have trouble believing that HuffPost could be capitalized at such a high number. Good for Arianna though!
Skydiving sounds fantastic right about now...
not cuter than you though ! Lol
that's good, and that's what I heard
you want just the tune recorded or a video with it to? Talking to my co-horts in crime about it.
Okay, I thought my kids could sleep anywhere :)
Did I hear correctly that the Davis cat (no pun) from Kentucky has set the single season block record 18.5 games into the season?
I just bought 's book to add to my public library's shelves and I'm using it as reference for a thrifting class I'm teaching.
There's so much hockey left to play. And yet, and yet...
I had SO much to do tonight. Did nothing but watch hockey.
EA games needs to make a motorcross game. Only good one out there is MTX mototrax on the Xbox and ps2.
Cobb and her stupid ass assignments.
are you going to Uganda? Ill be there in like 2 weeks!
M!!! Smells so good in apartment... making chocolate and cream cheese strawberries cup cakes about 50 to 70 cal per cup cake.
do you sing in the shower???
Texas football and drinks. Gotta love family wedding weekends.
between the 2 of you there would be hair fucking everywhere.
The text i typed wasn't to exercise my fingers. If i text you, it means i want a reply.
well you are :)
Wait, you have a Jodie Meeks bucks shirt? NICE
Its so fuckin hot I'm finna go shoppin for some shorts and some graphic tee's
Opportunity always looks better during desperate times...even in the stable times opportunity knocks...that's when decisions are made.
Got his autograph plus he gave me free stickers :D
Party at my house after the show for CROWBAR's BIRTHDAY!!
Fight party at my house..gotta find yur own way there though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
oh you know, pretty stellar. How you been???
She told me to tweet that like last week hahaha I had forgotten.
You know it! We're hanging in there!
Chrysler's big mistake was selling the original Sebring Platform to the Russians!!!
Come check out Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
Thursday night: 70's themed patio party! Cocktails and live music - join us in costume or just to have some casual fun! Party's 6 to 9!
Really enjoyed our SFCC class tour yesterday! Another great place to hang out in Santa Fe for ALL AGES!
"homeland" as in Showtime? LOVE IT.
Listening to for the announcement.haha
haa. its funny how guys actually think its funny that they are dumb-ass players that just want to get some.
haha! Ooh I need hair color advice. Text me or whatsapp me later. (:
he gone learn today
you bet! It's a good stat and article :)
Wow, Horn of Light just bowled me over. You address lots of the issues we have been thinking through. Going to email you.
RT S/O to for leaving without Wood KNOWING he was wit u when u came over...thanks-_- cry me a river ~~~
I'm the best at hiding my feelings.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
If you get a DM saying clcik on a shorten link, don't do it. It is a Tarp, seriously a few of you have been hacked, check your sent DM's.
A big thanks to and the Renaissance for helping us put on such a great event last night!
Clothes packed for #ala11 3 pairs of shoes and 4 dresses, I'll be all fancy and stuff.
We're answering your question now. "Find your passion. Talk about what you really care about" -Jacqui DMIS
Harrison brand!
Congrats Jonathan Delman......USC says YES!
#np: get higher - juicy j
I will see b/c that is my bday weekend and I have a film I have to shoot that morning so I will do my best but I cont.
Every man I know who has played football has said it's a vicious,brutal bloodsport.But now ppl want the fucking Disney version.
Today is Hug Your Dog Day! I hope I see lots of people hugging their dogs, that would make today totally awesome
district taco for lunch? Yum
maybe you should try sleeping? Lol
solid reference
Damn.. she actually fell asleep on me!
People trust more than other social media sites, says
Back on the elliptical, watching the #LAKings .2 of 3 periods last game on this = 82 min. Cant wait to thank my Kings for the cup&lbs lost!
You're my everything. Never forget that. No matter the distance you're still my everything. I love you with all I've got<3
You can say i lost all i want, but dont bitch at me when people are saying i won. -.-
lmfaoo well than that'll suck ass!!
its cool
If anyone attended the Holocaust Remembrance Ceremony on Friday, pls tweet us with photos, comments, etc!
hahaha i know(:
NF... follow me back !! -Rated (P)retty (G)irlss
unlucky us
Main lesson from Herman Cain losing his chance to be 2nd African American pres. Stay away from white woman. MR. X told him so.
Part of me want 2 get an mpc
Want to try out Fliqz for your website? Just visit us at www.fliqz.com and click on the huge orange button that says "Try for FREE."
Fast Facts: A developmental pediatrician is a physician who is especially trained to handle children with special needs.
RT : Out of WSOP ME. Thx all 4 the supports. Now I can go on with life!:-)spending FTP players funds! GROSS!
Okay well if you do text me :p
Hi Stacy, We are so glad you enjoyed the mini cupcakes!! now you know where to go for your sweet cravings!
The sun is finally starting to peek through after 5pm. Nice.
i took a nap before class it was only like 10 mins but i needed it
Anyone gone through a move lately? We did a couple of years ago, we tried to make it as light as possible
We should put the chapters alone in a room and let them work it out on their own while we go for cocktails. That'll show 'em
Did you ever get the water dragon bones so you can comb my beard? >:O
Thank You!!
Colas, from best to worst: Mexican Coke, Coke, Diet Coke, Diet Pepsi, Pepsi.
Goin to cinema in a hour.. Forget a little about school..
im all N
Who Tryna hit the driving range ?
Ready to go "Walking in Memphis"
Just made another order with WCR. If you have never ordered from them I suggest you do. Those guys are awesome! Great service and price!
a new adventure everyday.
In this Aug. 3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
I love you!
Congrats on 100K. If you could somehow turn that number into dollars.....
I love love love Pineapples
Excellent advice!
But what did your narratives say?
"Son, stay away from fast women and slow horses." -wise words of Daddy Dee
This will be good
When I saw the picture of Justin Bieber's new haircut, I thought it was a joke about an actual lesbian.
Ikr u take a long time typing this really long message and all they message back is "LOL,HAHA,(:" im like seriously!!! ):
Hm...OK, gotta think about the car situation...if I go to Orlando, you have to get home! Ha. I'm gonna buy my tic to Tampa.
do you still have the same number??? I gotta talk to you like foreal this time
That's a great idea. I'm going to go to Chick-A-Fil-A on Sunday. Get a little Sunday brunch and not worry about the line.
I wonder what ever happened to my very 1st GF I had in Pre-School, Shannon Beavers. If anyone knows her, ask her why she broke my heart.
#AdvertisementReference I love it. RT Kevin Durant's going to spend the fourth quarter playing Doodle Jump.
menchies is good stuff. Need to come to Atlanta for a fix.
Well If you ain't a ten you're a 9.9, tippin' and spillin' that homemade wine on your tied up, tshirt
I don't trust shonda. Lol she can easily kill him off too! I'm a mess. I couldn't breathe. And I didn't even like her :-/
Can't Let You Go-Fabolous never gets old. I love this song
Solving my e-reader angst by only downloading books I'm embarrassed to be seen reading.
Hey , your voice is beautiful. Glad to hear some new music from you.
you've never had one?
Huge Thank you to Lena for the amazing Oxygen Facial! My skin is still soft and glowing nearly a week later! x
some people just dont know when to grow up
:) It was beautiful!!!
Loving this chilly weather! I get to bust out my grandmother, GaGa's vintage furs! Sorry PETA!
yess I know I just love them I was texting them through the storms asking them how the were because we live were some hit
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
What do you think? Did Madeline Albright convert to Judaism purely for the jokes?
Thanks sir and thank you for following! :-)
been gone for a while, major changes coming soon!
my next week is open! Just let me know!
Niggas downtown used to be cute to me...then I got a car lmfao
your really good at these:')x
Tired of this :(
When you feel the fire taking over let it make your feelings behave older <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Wow, the Trail Blazers are certainly making it difficult to cancel Season Ticket orders, esp considering there won't be a season
#Confessions I want some McNuggets right now
ill be damned if cards win but we wont because we dont gots pujols :( damn him lol
- Thanks for the follow, JB. I can relate.
great points, I find the challenge is having enough time to both create strategy and execute.
I need to eat, this headache is killing me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
i lost my freaking cat
Just text #oomf the most heart felt text i may have ever written.
aye bitch did u hack my shit
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
#NW behind the music t-pain
thunder storm.! im scared! :/
The #LEGO movie has a release date: Feb 28, 2014.
Hope everyone will stop by Buddy Bike booth to learn about Buddy Bike, adaptive cycling and how to see funding!
leaving this school is gonna be one of the hardest things i ever had to do.
Haha oh really?! Have you corrupted my boy Ross?
RT : RIP Adam Yauch (MCA of the Beastie Boys). He was a super-genius, a visionary and, most importantly, a really good person.
bubbl.us was used by Colorado legal aid to create flow chats. Easy to use and free
we won today! 4 of the 5 matches we won :))
Vanity license plate seen last night: (NY) Whoo_haa … Wish I'd thought of that one (but I still like my METADATA plate)
What you working with?
1st day back in the shop 2day. No bucking or shooting rivets for me... I'm getting better though..
anytime :D
I can't wait for #BELIEVE it is going to be AMAZING all your fans are going to be wild when they get your single
translations are free
“You May Disagree With Me…But Then You Would Be Wrong.”
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks."
Flaws and all, I'm here.
Meh. Clothes are overrated!
Got a late start today. All is good.
I cant wait 2b on the...": On the road again... #ala11"
In livermore for the next coupla hours, who wants to get their drink on?
“: completely overwhelmed by the Lord's provision this morning... God is so good!”
I cannot live without my alert services, says #SESNY: Google Alerts, Social Mention, GigaAlert and TweetBeep
Guten Morgen, Bonjour etc to new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets.
If you don't know I love ...One day I'll get that opportunity to meet her!
I make no apologies for the fact that your balls aren't big enough to handle my personality
wow, that's quite a lineup
Marry The Night !
has danced on the precipice. Actually, I have not. I just wanted to write that.
Niall please tweet me me n my bffl r coming to see u next month n next year but i can't wait till then
I do and I will.
16 miles in despite some serious hills and rain. Feeling good. 2 months + 1 wk until #LakePlacid. Bring on the day
All the haters can wait in line, Because... 2010 Is My Turn To Win! Much love to my twitter friends! "PEACE TO YOU & YOUR FAMILY"
Did you mean 'Sun' or 'SunsDay'?
is so awesome I'm a fan
SING IT GIRL!
.....hum ill tink bout it lol
You need ergonomic pillows that are intended mainly for your neck. check out small pillows. :-)
Chasing the boys upstairs for bedtime, & tripped on a used (but thankfully empty!) diaper in the kitchen. Naked boy, where are you?
I'll definitely be live tweeting and answering any Degrassi related questions. So send away! :) #DegrassiFinale #frostival #EclareFTW <33
someone is being naughty lol why did you say that anyway
What a game! Northern Lights 4 - Rochester Hawks 3, final.
Take some risks, kid.
SPOON!! -> “: I have decided that I need my own battle cry. I have chosen "PUDDING". Thank you for your attention.
until when?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Your battery is low.
Have you been writing? ;)
Debating on whether or not I should accept the invite to be on the #grafton Public Arts Board.
Shit not me
"All These Sensations Got Me Going Crazy"
What's the point? Might as well give up. My life is pointless
Cats!Cats!Cats!
meeting you last evening!! Looked at your Icon Project, would like to discuss this and Santa Fe, many levels on which to connect
really wish i had practice this week. need to spend time on the field cause its my escape.
speaking to jstudents about the ethical issues related to covering the Sandusky case.
Can Cody cat daddy on me?
aw, thanks! finishing OJ2 now (titled ACES WILD). coming in 2013!
Wow. What an evening! I somehow ended up home. Met some really cool people last night, hung out with old friends.
Thanks much.... getting a few more scripts out.... cross your fingers :) (send prayers) :)
Just got my hair did. Thanks
Speaking this morning for Christian Leadership Alliance. My topic: Great Leaders GROW!
knowing how I'll vote in November is a huge relief...now I can focus on something other than infotainment.
Come have some U-Swirl to cool you down!
why last practice what's up
My first tour with was the fall of 2005, back in my Vedera/Veda days. I was grateful then... And grateful now.
Or on you o_O “: I do believe this is one to live by. RT : Shit happens, just don’t let it get to you.”
I am too young for health problems. :/ Smh...too much fun can lead to problems lol
I smell bacon.
alright come by tomorrow we'll get it together.
The Grim Reaper is working down in New Orleans in the French Quarter for the next few weeks. Ping me if you have time to meet.
how about talking about a Glove Co. that makes their gloves in NYC? Us Lacrasia Gloves .. we love you Fox B esp. CVPayne
Anyone with an extra Google+ invite?
no mocking
that is very funny and creative!
Twitter Is Better Than Facebook Though
Close call but is leaving MSG tonight with a win! 's team is headed to the #NIT Championship!
Just purchased 2 new Jerseys for your cousin Crystal and I... We will be reppin our Wilson Jerseys in Cali...
Teaching Shelter Operations and Simulation to a great group of volunteers today! Donate a Saturday to your favorite !
Yes foreal, I'm done with his shit.
Watching a one legged wrestler in the NCAA national finals n the 125lbs class. AMAZING! His disadvantage is actually his advantage.
Shelby Lynne - Don't Think Twice, It's Alright - 08:43 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RIP Levon Helm. A great loss.
if you haven't changed your #Twitter password yet, you should.
work work work
As well you ought to be! Mazel tov!
Great time at the #LonelyHeartsFilmFestival tonight. Excellent films and congrats to the organizers and award winners!
The Blues, Part Three- Albert Ammons starting out the day.
absolutely. Being status quo because of a lack of drive isn't inspiring. Why be with someone who doesn't want to better themselves
Work in the field of entertainment , work yo way up and get paid in the process P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
very much so but who am I to judge I would be a hypocrite
Christine Lagarde asks deputies to spare the Tax Credits on Research & Development in France, very helpful for SMB innovation companies, thx
RT : If you have a smart phone, we'll have a mobile site ready for you soon
If you enjoyed the synchronized swimming routine on Glee tonight, you'll love our Azul show. #SeaWorld San Antonio opens on Feb. 4.
Haha! Yah only hes worse! By far..RT : he reminds of someone else I know... Oh wait. That's you, dad.
i'm decided to take out my nose piercings for good. too much of a hassle removing them for work. i'm kinda bummed. :(
Getting a disposal for my bday, I've reached the age where that is super exciting to me. Clothes? Shoes? Jewelry? NAH! Just gimme plumbing!
it's not even on FB! the guy has NO idea who i am, no idea what I look like...
I don't get it. Am I supposed to use the entire tube of Super Glue in one go? It's always going to seal itself shut and become unusable?
Nice one! Thanks for sharing the photo.
I know what it's like to juggle. You got your project management skills down, though :)
Listened to your sxsw talk last night. Nicely done!
*earphones in* world out.
Our favorite spot! Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!
Cold but dry, gotta go out for a ride
Even though the have made it difficult this season, I'll always be a fan
they asked too and tribble said yeah
Good Morning Everyone! One of the best ways to stimulate your metabolism is to eat breakfast. Have you stimulated yours today?
I am pretty sure if we had a camera on us in college we would have had a better reality show than most!!
sick photos your a beast! Can't wait to see you back on the field!
So cute!
thanks for all the follows! we love the ariana army (: AND Hope you still love us!
well, there is only one, and he was in that diner.
National Coffee Day this Thursday 9/29! Stop by any to get your free sm coffee & doughnut of your choice!
The day before something is a breakthrough it's a crazy idea.
Ew. Creep alert!
Thanks for the information. Have a great day : )
Baking pumpkin pie bars! Yum! :-)
In session with on eBooks and eTexts
Bensimon: We need a way to address how Title V funding helps Latino students succeed.
Talking about religion-"do you believe in ghandi?"
Double header against Fresno State today
www.zakdowntown.com is coming this summer with new music!
I need a man to ride ride ride
oh okay :)
Done with Season 3 of SG1. Time for work!
Everyday I'm hustlin hustlin hustlin! RT : Rise and grind! My sisters and I are hustlin. Everyday I'm hustling
Thanks for the RT & compliment! Will be sure to pass it on. RT : Digging the new #SGIAExpo avi!
Win Your Share of $3,250 in the #OVS Cash Raffle at the #Bazaar! Buy your tickets on 12/11 for $35 each, or 2 tickets for $50!
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
Watching Elite Troop 2. really cool, but what's with soap opera deal?
Happy Friday. S/O from Los Angeles. The CoffeeLady is in the house. What's good?
Being cursed with fast growing beard genes <
Peru Schools released early for weather... All Main Street Church activities for this evening (01/19) are cancelled... Stay home... Stay...
yeah, but I was always bored before because I got it so quick.
please do something about the refereeing. Galaxy goal was embarrassing
Ah, thanks for the tip! I'll update the slides.
RT “: Love Everyday”
Great win for the good guys. GO MAVS.
Thank you to #everyone who helped us recycle over #150 cell phones!!!
Note: The digital sew out is the way your order is going to show up after your approval!!!!
Finally Patriots got into this game!
Last games I played were Scotland Yard and Shogun—oldies but goodies. I want to play 1812 next, but haven't had time to read rules.
How much of this is just good photography, I wonder?
17 Ways SMBs Can Survive the Google Penguin Update Effect
Ditto kiddo
More like the sequel to the sequel's sequel
I just want my damn email.
hey how long are you gonna be at LAfit today?
alice im really sorry
Got em next time Dallas
there really is nothing like it.
If I could sing "Bohemian Rhapsody" at my auditions, every single job would be mine
Just got approved for a J. Crew credit card. This is potentially very dangerous.
I hate when companies combine words in their advertising. YOURgage=Your Mortgage . #quickenloans Same goes for celebrity names!
Thanks for the RT!
I dropped out of highschool in the month of April ... Ahaha
Top countries on HAL: US, India, Brazil, Spain and South Africa!
your very welcome beautiful <3 i love you!
got a feeling tonight's gonna be a goodnight
don't make me sick the feverish ones on you... No one has ever had Tim Allen fever
this movies weird.its like the hunger games,but in a cabin,and like wuuut.omg.idek.
LADIES-->A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none.
nu-metal so ya sure y not? Love those dudes too...can't wait for Pow wow!!! That night I'd gonna leave me with a sore neck
If no one followed me on , would the sun still come up?
That sad moment when your crush at school graduates DX
I should go back to school now *cough cough* *sniff* mom: oh wow you sound terrible, take another day off not very motivating lol
Worst flight attendants ever. No please or thank you's, just demands. #airtran needs to reevaluate their personnel.
I just may go golfing after work. Even if its cold. Its been to long.
hey! Can u follow my freind ? Shes really cool
IAP/DLC would be HUGE in terms of making #XBLIG better for profitable dev. Awesome games would get more money.
is Mario staying the night in buffalo?
KEEP UR HEAD UP works about as well as KEEP BOTH HANDS ON THE STEERING WHEEL to a 9 year old middle linebacker. Not enough info
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT.... BOREDOM
For the record, I would love ANY Asian-American NBA player. I was crushed when Yao retired. This Lin action rejuvenated my love for the NBA.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Remembered I decided to go online shopping last night at 1am when I got a shipment notification just now
Pissed! I hate when someone try to make me feel bad for something I cant do.
girls never let a guy come between u and your besties and 4 some advice dont go out with stevan belliveau and if are friends with him u got
Is like a twitter ghost
haha yeah those two don't go together
Hangout with me. ;)
How to describe this article and the project that inspired it? Gurtlush!
Jerome Chou: NYC Garment District still exists b/c super close proximity = apparel is made faster, cheaper than overseas.
Clearly I cared but keeping my feelings to myself .
Sally Mae how I wanta visit your house and pay you this loan money personally lol
Feel like I just got hit with a ton of bricks.
Happy Birthday Michael Jordan. Thank you for everything. It made my childhood watching you play!
of course there's only 1 The world couldnt handle 2. That'd be awesomeness overload. :D
Today I am "working" from home. Yippee!
Accidentally bought a Mad Magazine. Don't ask how that happened. It's kind of funny.
She knew I was on Angel’s side. It was a bond we continued to hold in common,
Putting in a bid for a home gym. I hope it Works Out!
what's going on?
It's never long enough!
It's gonna be really hot today.
wow congrats!!
heard you went home sick. feel better bro
Got the speakers thumping
Give love...& listen to the children! RT: What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give.~P.D.James
awkward just did..
Gotta have it
If doesn't have butter cream icing, it's not considered good cake, in my most humble opinion...
Obvious travel there. They called it!!!!
omfg I know I was screaming at the damn tv! And last year the worst team in the super bowl beat them! Sea hawks? Really?
TIX HAS BEEN SOLD! Thanx for the inquiries! #ILLSTATEOFMIND. LET'S GET TURNT!
hay trey I don't think gettin smart is a wise decision. You saw what it got u earlier today
#tacos are delicious(:.
If you're a reader of Style magazine, check out my article in the March issue.
This girl randomly saying "oh I get it!" like somebody cares.
On my way to G. Gotta take this AP test.
If you find yourself thinking, "where can I find a bounce house for my kids," on Saturday between 5 and 8, come to Holland Park in
This girl has a cameltoe in her picture on facebok Think i'm gonna keep this one to myself
I am 13 and I even know right from wrong. But college students?! They are supposed to be focused on their education not sex.
Thanks for the follow!
1824 Viewers currently watching the live stream while Jay Sean performs.
The patio is open! Come join us for lunch and vino until 3 pm...today and tomorrow!
Will Tilly be the next Nikki Finke for the publishing industry? Follow for breaking entertainment news.
I thought you were leaving today obviously I would love to spend another night with you
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
Off today and tomorrow! A much needed break
Applicant's attorney doesn't seem to know much
Did I really turn down going out tonight ?
I'm brushing my hair & painting my nails today.
I left my headphones at home. Great. Now I have to talk to people.
Never say what you dare to say....
Let's go stevie
Real. Mature. is a real comedian.
TOO DAMN HIGH! Just like myself. Muahahaha!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile going out with her on the weekend..
Don't overthink-sometimes best to do things quickly before you think too much & make it harder. -Marilee Mostov on prototyping
Ford profit skids on dip in Europe
solid choice! does love the peanut butter M&M's!
noticed my equalizer settings on iTunes was set to flat... -.-;; changed it too my prefered settings and it's like listening to new music!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
= always full I swear she should b FAT AS FUCK
Okay I really dont care if the lakers win this game (so we have mwp for okc) but this officiating is atrocious
DID PIERCE JUST RUN IN TRANSITION AND BLOCK SOMEONE?!!!!!!
"The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times."~Psalm 12:6
Already seeing panic over sex trafficking & the superbowl. Who's got articles on that? There's better info out there. Let's spread it!
oh hey WAZZUP?!
Thanks for following
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee. lmao how do i have friends
I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!! I love it!!!! Legoooooo!!!
Huzzah!! Bag checked in to hotel at 1am. Reunited, and it feels so good!
yeah same here. do u have a bf??
i like yolyvo better because you only lose your virginity once and thats true shitz
I miss being tan.
do u want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
Tha Baristaz mix tape goes dumb
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY D & KITCHEN OPEN
people-discovery (hope it counts as one word lol)
RT : Tuesday's Lunch Special ~ The Ultimate Ham & Cheese and Soup of the Day is Tomato Vegetable
a loss by mcfc and then a late mufc collapse may kill me.
We're on in an hour! Tune into to Drive Time Live on at 4pm for a preview of our last concert of the season.
it was
Happy pi day
Not even close to Miley...she's for Obama, haha.
High praise to the rigorous retweeting going on over there. Particularly about events in the city.
stats show its same answer, OkSt//“: Do u want 2 best teams to play or do you want the conference champs to play for title?”
Good Luck Chris ...
Teaching starts @ Lehigh University 2morrow. The New School 4 Jazz & Contemporary Music on Wed. Music Business & improvisation ensemble.
Atlanta Ga North Ga Concrete Stamping Pool Decks - Patios - Driveways - Take a look www.concretegeorgia.com Ask About Twitter Special
Current status: screen and (max-device-width:960px) and (orientation:landscape){...}
Fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make oneself its slave. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Today's Message: "When You Must Be Odd For God" (Jeremiah 13 and 19)
Grind time is prime time! #SayYes to results
Boyfriend needs to hurry home.
RT NYPD has sidewalk checkpoints requiring ID to pass down Broadway. Iranian-born co-worker said "they used to do that in Tehran."
have not been on twitter in a while, days months had been busy to me
Rest In Peace, Amy Winehouse.
Boring ass night
good morning (: !x
wait what? no honey, we did that last year, facebook timeline displays outdated stuff.
So my baby girl got a perfect report card...PERFECT!!! I must be doing something right
Mlrt please do cause im over here crying for no dam reason lol
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
RT : RT : Self-realization is effortless. What you are trying to find is what you already are. Ramesh Balsekar
its a real treat being part of this culture of ours and a real pleasure rockin w you guys tonight at this town
wherever i go she goooooeees
#VINNYCASTRONOVOMEETRICH! <3 HES A HUGE FAN & HE HAS CANCER :'(
ya I was sharing my noobyness with the world. Geez
I, personally, love Weiner's Circle cheese. It's nice & tart & I like the consistency. What do u think?
When are you gonna call out these Philly chumps for using your song during their games?
Did you get my DM? Let me know which session you'd like tickets for and what name to leave them under at will-call!
I'm kind of addicted to Wordfoto. It's a problem
Did you ever read the articles and interviews about the women who claims she was Glenn's lover?
They introduce them to you, very proud...it's cool...
1st day of the week feeling 100%. It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day. :-)
GO RED!!
Thanks for stopping by. Flash your permit in-store and receive 10% off all tennis gear this season!
That double eagle at 2 was incredible and a major victory for
Riding slow bumpin that $ #le$ismore
Last chance to get your tickets for our cd release show!!! Hit us up!
you should be able to install XCode from your Mac OS install DVD without registering
Hog farm, turkey farm, horse farm, puppy mill... when is a story gonna take me to the spa or the theater?
Same here :) RT ": Talking to and last night makes me wanna go to school today. :)"
Hatch My Fall, If I Should Stumble
by missing sunday of lollapalooza im not going to see flo and the machine or kaskade and im pretty upset about it
I love that song!
Do you have two twitter acounts or is my interwebs glitching out?
RT : Ironic that Twitter's mission statement is 183 characters long. You'd think they would go for 140 just to make a point.
I'm ready for the weekend.....ARE YOU?!?! =D
Israel Radio reported that all Israeli passenger planes will be equipped with a system that can divert rockets launched at them.
Nice. Just got a copy of The Interrupters, the new movie from Steve James, the guy who made Hoop Dreams. It opens in SD on 11/11.
Check us out over on Facebook, or our website if you want to see what we are doing, getting closer to launching the demo, wish us luck.
Mondays are always happier when you're
Just booked my flight to New York!
Menchies!!! It really is the little things.
BASEBALL SEASON RIGHT AROUND DAS CORNER!!
Happy New Year! Do the world a favor in 2011, buy a Love Crunch bar to alleviate world hunger!
smh im with ya
We ask our twitter followers: What is the best gift you ever received for Christmas?
Call me maybe sounds like a Disney song, ew.
Pretty sure I have changed someones perspective on something today
If you turn down your thermostat just one degree you can save 50 dollars a year.
Keep checking in on Foursquare and and I will make it sooner than you think.
GOO FOLLOW ! I will give you a shoutouttt.
I love how ijever hates everyone who's more popular than him. Oh, and how he treats girls, what a lovley little douche bag.
Haha. It does, doesn't it?
I'm DONE with all the stupid and pointless drama.
National Alliance Meeting begins and the comments are on the great opportunity to meet withPCAA Chapters.
“: But i did see a shirt. It read "I Hv a body of a god (too bad its of Buddha)"” sounds like last Conquest
urrmm looks like a very interesting conversation you got there <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
God Bless him he's a cutie pie!
dude! I'm getting the one with the spikes on the back!!!!
changed my profile picture to me and brando<3
Why do people leave the world so fast?
"The ClueTrain Manifesto" - my review of a classic … bit.ly/j7FRjy … plus info on how you can get it for free!
Drop me a note on EOL and we'll talk.
If I hear any one of Adele's overplayed songs again so help me God!!!! O_o
Thank you, , for solving my forgot-to-get-something-for-mom problem.
Thanks for following We should all be adorned with these funky butt designs
A project that's been on my to do list for 1.5 years is finally done. I thought it'd never happen! Now, vacation time!
Please believe he don't love that hoe
“: Hey Manny Pacquiao called for death to all gay people. Drop him and #MakeItCount”
Light Everlasting is TONIGHT at the Schlesinger Center in Alexandria at 8 PM. Tickets will be available at the door. See you there!
OMG where is my pants? ;) Is cold here!
If you could be a dog, what kind of dog would you be?
LMAO. man i have whiplash. did some major headbanging. ouch
Monday is gonna b CRAZY!!!
Bud Selig's group must be kicking itself in the proverbial tuchus for not retaining the Miller Park parking lots when it sold the
#Ragemode coming this May!!!
hahahahahahaha thts so cool ur so lucky!!! My parents hate him for no good reason! I think they r just jealous!!!
My 19mm tunnels need to hurry up and get here >:(
Don't we all.
Um no on the reusable TP.
I'm a tippity top model from Australia <U+263A>
Aggies will go into the new season with a new conference and a new coach -- and same old suckiness. Good luck; you're gonna need it.
Hanging out as is my weekend ritual. Coming soon &
selling a Size 8.5 metallic blue rookie pennys for $100,...hit me if u want them
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life...It goes On--Robert Frost.
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you also read Runelords? They're filiming that a film too. Vote for actors
opening night is a little crazy... Sorry for the delay, it wont always be like that! Hope you had fun!
Yadier Molina received his Platinum Glove today fort the best defensive player in baseball. With his bat coming around, best catcher in MLB?
Jean Ann, do you watch the show 'Bones'? Took me a while to warm up to it but I love it now. Ryan O'Neal is on it.
DJ GROOVES going in right now with the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix! Turn us up and enjoy :)
Whos ready for tonight & what songs would you like to hear
"MSL: the monster truck of Mars" Doug McCuistion
This Big East title game is painful to watch
lol oh ... Thats weak if it come after maury...
that's a lie. Lived on a cashew farm.
Shah Jee's it is!
thanks for the follow :)
kick ass boots
nigga u wanna talk about my moms? But last time I said anything about ya moms u flashed out. U not real
Tell Her I Said Wassup Sistaaa (x
I think I could totally live with a plural marriage if we found another wife who likes to clean, go to work, & not have sex with my husband.
Rainy days and Monday's always get us in the mood for a Vacation!
Happy Anniv! Many many many more....
WTOC was a lot of fun; I miss it too. Who's been working here at RHT that you know?
Want to help families in pain? Go to Therattainment.com.
- Nice! What really got you into it? Enter any competitions?
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend Now that is a sickening trending topic.
finnah get this job at taco bell ( :
THE PICKLE is set to resume shooting this weekend, Saturday and Sunday. Wish us luck!
,Brees,Rodgers,Peyton,Brady,Eli,Ben,Vick,Stafford,Newton.Rivers,Cutler,Ryan,So yea i ll take all those guys before Romo
The truth? You can't handle the truth!!! Smh!
some people are just strange.
good morning! time to swim!
Quick once over of Seattle's strongest 'hood news sites reveals 1 election campaign ad. But that's 1 more than I see on Times+PI+TV sites
Good flick RT : Hubby has just switched channel to a movie called Diggstown. It's chilly in the house right now.
The Christmas card is awesome, isn't it? They did a great job with it.
One of 2011 best praise songs is to me is Brian Cortany Wilson.Watch and we wait and we anticipate.
it is daddy.... I love you and am praying for you
shooting videos..
Kinda late...but fuck it. We dont sleep anyway
Wouldn't that just make me sizzle? :-)
YEAH BUT YOU DON'T HAVE BRACES!
AMEN!!...Bless up mi bredda.
Was just on hold and forced to listen to a techno remix of "Living on a Prayer." So wrong.
Just hanging out at home with my lil love watchin his new DVDs! It's the cutest thing.
( & ) Thanks to all our new followers this week! We're so thrilled to connect with you all!!
idk..i want to
Mya Hatchette the Orlando Lawyer for Old Republic Title Insurance Company is Autism bullying me - Pensacola is half-way to Texas
Finishing up the odds and ends on this tv show raven...27 hours in..... next song
Thanks for the RT!
oh totally. I think House and Witchfinder General were his most villainous roles. Also Mask of Red Death. Can't forget that.
Turn on NBC 6 right now to get your day started! See you at 5:30 am with the last piece of evidence in a high profile murder case
Throwing back a from yesterday. Evidence of being a recent grad and working in the creative world.
One Direction meet LMFAO: "You don't know you're beautiful!" -"Actually, I'm sexy and I know it..."
where in the hell have u been. It was announced a couple of weeks ago.
headed to Morton's with tonight, m. steak
that's what I thought
Missedd them. Now everythings...almost ok again.
U NEED TO STOP..GOXGO
great article and show.
Road Quote of the Day: "The wise man travels to discover himself." - James Russell Lowell
no the correct answer is "WE ARE ACTUALLY ENGAGED TO MINISTER AT THE NEW DUMENSION DISTRICT MUSICAL" that's the right answer
Thanks for sharing this!
Fox 9 Investigators dug up important details about So. Mpls. gas line fire. Watch Fox
there may be a deep, philosophical, meaning as to now having action partrol as the first band in my itunes list. above against me.
Prep work for Biggest Fan
I think should have a bigger street team.I for one want to pass out flyers,post up posters and give stickers in my college
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just saying a Quick hi, Really busy :p but wanna see how u doin :)!
hahah (: no tanks darling (:
alrighty have a good night guys :) chat soon
#BounceThatAss is trending now .i cant believe we made it!!! =D
Giving a personalized gift says, "I took the time to create something just for you!"
Keeping a pace that life demands.
Ready for Obama to be out of office. The decisions he makes are WRONG
I smile and laugh sometimes for no reason when I think about God. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks Alan for the plug.
I love the mussels but you can't go wrong.
Let's have a moment of silence for Earl...fuck silence!!
weeds at 1am!!
Why does #ediblearrangements use papyrus in their logo typeface?! It makes no sense! And it kind of makes me angry.
GM nagga have a great day
Do they make one? I've never seen one, but check the pro shop at Miller Park. They have a section just for us sausages!
Commit your work to the LORD, and your plans will be established. (Proverbs 16 : 3) Need I say more?
#nf can i get a follow back
Oh Snap I'm Harassing You On Twitter
RT the girls in the office are sporting a vibrant red lip. I have been telling you this for years!
Excited for the (Neatline) & (poster) folks headed to #dh2012 & to the going to #dhsi!
I have a video on my phone on Aurelien's goal, I'll post it soon.
You know it's a secret. Lol. I should be there on Friday!!!
“: I love the halibut tacos at Anthony's at SEA-TAC airport.”
thanks for hosting a great launch event last nite!
lol thanks thanks
The work never ends.
I need to lose some weight,,, anyone??? Any good advice about it?
I will certainly follow your feed. I've had no success finding a decent monogram shop. The mid-west could use more monograms!
... usin tap water with those little nose cleansing pots! dont use the tappy!
Thanks for mentioning us!!
Aloft (TEMPE) tonight come check out DIVA DJ's Featuring DJ DESIGN.... Hit me up for info @ (602)882-0317
I'm gonna buzz the nike swoosh in my hair you can't stop me
2 cerebral and neurotic 2 b yr manic pixie dream girl, dudes. SORRY. I feel like I'm always selling the wrong thing.
whatcu want boo boo?
mines is 2,670 I think ..
ayo Nicky, when you gonna let me keep you up til 6 in tha morning?
reading other peoples fights on twitter >
thanks for the RT today! Great stuff learned at our customer success event in
I just got a macbook pro 2weeks ago and love it. the switch from XP was much easier than I thought.
Check our #onechance apparel line and see what we are doing with apparel to change the future of the children in Kenya. brother apparel.com
u wanmt to get back wit mariah
Q3: Does your book address how can I run a profitable business with two small kids at home? My biggest challenge!
Congratulations #UConn. Great defense and great free throw shooting at 87.5% for the game.
Crazy that I am in Minneapolis at the same time as the American Association of Museum meetings and am missing them. Conference tsunami.
what happened to your steve buscemi eyes?
EXTRA CHEESE OFC
what ya mean?
welcome to twitter!
missed #ebksmt. guess I can make do with the archives
That feeling were you feel you've heard every song in the world / :
A girl on the street ~ the breath of memory ~ fills my heart
Bitch say whaa
You talk shit about someone to me and then all of the sudden your completely different in their face hmm? you must do the same to me.
T minus 31 days til the CCD calendar is released!! Better start saving up your $5 now! :-)
Nm either just im really cold >. <
why don't F&F look into who gets & who do not,, Get off the coutch &look it up, Mike
sorry wut does wuu2 x? mean :o
Huge save, that should do it
OH: I want someone to accidentally fall in love with me as a person
Do you, or anyone you know, take the water taxi to work?
guess what everyone is planning on doing next thursday
no thank you!
ive been having such a good week :)
me! well maybe i love rayray though! i just...idk man!
make sure u follow me ;)
I became strong when you set me free and I became even stronger when I let you go.
Nice shot! Mind if we share it on our Facebook page?
it's not put until Tuesday. Lol someone's illegal. ;)
RT : Pittsburgh needs a NBA. Rich niggaz let's make this happen!!!!
Don't dream your life away. Live your dreams.
23,000 every home game and UK sells out their opponents arena when UK goes on the road! Big Time Basketball!! 7 National Titles
": Seriously. Can anything be artisanal???" ONLY... If its
you should try #spreecast. it is the combo of G+ and Cover it Live. DM for me for a private demo.
Know of pets being mistreated? The American Humane Association reports that animals are abused in 88% of homes where child abuse is present.
they just burn their own city now and again. No biggie
i will kiss you soft so you know, it is love from the first time i pressed my lips against yours. thinkin' oh, is it love? <3
Houston to JFK to Syracuse to Alexandria Bay. My little Texan will be in northern New York by day's end.
“: J.Cole my favorite rapper”
Starting off the weekend with some mid-day drinking with
Imma die alone. I came into the world the same way doe
Pray tell.
The mouth is the door of evil. - Japanese Proverb
You can do better than that
I hope trade down for more picks
#welcometostatenisland where everyone hangs out at the only mall around
decent ideas behind the protest but terribly unmotivational speakers. Entertain me.
AR ? of the day: "how does AR keep up-to-date w/ city layer data if, for instance, a bldg gets bombed or implodes?"
#3WordsOfAdvice Knowledge is Power
Trying out newest collaboration with Greenbush Brewery at City Provisions! Yum
Hey Derrick would love to be on the #microconf list! Thanks for creating this.
This is life and pain is a simple compromise
You totes said that! It is starting to get a little creepy.
hello! Thanks for following back!
My CivWar class is full of great students, but for a few moments I despaired for this generation. (even older students in their 40s!).
its like a WHOLE 'nother WORLD. And you're the Queen of it! :)
Thank you so much! You rock!!
Happy is hard. Sad is easy.
WI Republican State Senator Pam Galloway from Wausau officially resigned on Saturday ending GOP majority control in the Senate chamber.
Yep, plenty of omelets and benedicts plus bloody mary's and mimosas every day of the week. Have you had a chance to try?
Then if its not that sucks for you!
Trust in the LORD and do good; dwell in the land and cultivate faithfulness. - Psalm 37:3
same here. Dramadramadrama.
lol i always leave revision and homework til last minuit.
Bumming it today :) #comfy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Or whoever... U got any Dough? U gonna be around town?
Pity the man who inherits a million and isn't a millionaire. Here's what would be pitiful, if your income grew and you didn't. -Jim Rohn
Rainy day yum: RT Filling our freezer with goodness to go! Take home our signature chili and chicken sausage meatballs!
Someone bring me Poquito Mas please.
thanks for the rock n roll
Manny Ramirez agrees to a one year deal with Oakland, worth about 500k if he is added to big league roster
And in another year you can be C-SLP!
love the Wi Fi on Alaska Airlines planes!
you are the cutest guy ever ;D #mahomieforlife<U+2665>
Congratulations to all the IMM Finishers! Thank you for choosing our race. We hope you will join us next year!
bahah I'm proud
Congrats on the launch, guys! The site looks incredible!
Okay, so tweetdeck is one way to post your status to both accounts at once.
Spinning LIVE (deep, funky, soul, afro-cuban house) on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca .Tune in!DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
Started watching fansubs again, but I'm sort of having trouble finding stuff I want to watch.
I'm just glad the winner is not a female pop artist. Sound coding is rough.
OH MY GOD. I Just Remembered Something... D:
Just trust your heart
Nick Young another former Wizard balling for another team,yall still wanna tell me the Wizards aren't cursed
I am loving that "think tank" idea and putting slavery supporters on blast. In SC, that would rattle so many!
ok good. Cuz I wanna choke others <U+261D>
Ok its #twittamentary still cool and wonderful at SXSW
I'm not gonna get home till late tomorrow ^_^
there absolutely will be.
Did you find a place? I'm looking too.
lml im bored
yeah, i thought so. hang on a sec.
I KNOW. jesus needs to use our slang because i don't know what he's saying.
juss got the new and i love it best mag ever
in school, bored as hell, how's everyone? xx
awesome to see you and have you try - we loved the feedback, truly enjoyed the company! cc
Looking for student or freelance videographer's, willing to work for trade, interviewing Ambush artist and
I gotta take a shit
Received our first box today!
My dad is so funny! Has me crying.
can you not. :c
RT : Haha, you wish! I eat racist hate-mail Wheaties for breakfast, Son.
of course I know that lol but you shole know what to say!!!(without the quotes)
SO MANY BOYS WITH AUSTRALIAN ACCENTS JUST CRUISED MY PORCH. I AIN'T EVEN MAD.
": One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor."
#6: Dispensing alcohol without a permit (selling beer), FINE: $681
The #Honda CR-Z has amazing gas mileage when you use its awesome "econ" mode..saving #money and saving the #environment = great combo
Thanks for following, we love your work!
Oh man...she turned in her badge. Bye Olivia :(
Thanks for the RT, Lucia:)
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 55
oh well check em" again. I told you SOEMTHING!
A you-know-what is going through seven innings at Camden Yards. Get 'em Hammel!
Thank you!
#cosign RT : Happy Mother's Day xoxo to you & your mommy!!
Sometimes I can't enough of The Velvet Teen.
i will but if u follow me plzz.:-)
Are you suggesting you'd have no problem with the first 14 miles?
lol I probably won't!
#MOSDOHevent preparations are underway.
Nosey ass people kills me!
DENALI JOANNA JAMES KNOCK IT OFF BEFORE I COME OUT THERE.
Thanks for your trust & support. You rock. RT : You are awesome ! Thank you for the laughs & sharing your coins!
Yes I forgot all my makeup at home and realized it an hour before show time. Thx CVS
that song means a lot to us so we are glad you dig it!!!!!
Have to love the Madness of March
Support us, mention us.
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you
Finally got a twitter account...now I can communicate with birds through tweets, awsome.
you're so beautiful i want to marry you !
Pastor you do care!
Do you think Bobby Knight is saying "penetration" so much on purpose?
I know my bothers messed up ALOT and we barley talk&we practically hate each other but we would take a bullet for each other.
Birthday martini. And then DWTS.
I just got 's pic. Do u want me 2 forward it 2 u for a new fb profile pic?
I am too a huge fan of the Saranac brew. Love the Big Moose Ale.
a high five might be in order!!
listen to the morning :)
Omfg this freken ghost adventures show is going to make me shit my pants
nope. my sister was working on those I think.
"Honeymoon on the dancefloor"
You're welcome, I still have to finish watching it. Maybe after Game of Thrones
Ocean acidification linked to larval oyster failure
just announced I'm in 2nd = work biggest loser contest. first place guy drops weight like a wrestler. I have 10 more days to kick it gear!
Not just yet! We'll let you know when we are. Thanks for checking in!
walk in the freeway
yes, I'll make sure that's clearer. Despite the different param name, the list timeline should still be treated like other timelines
Thanks, Dan. I will use that line next time I get called out for looking at a woman's ass.
Delish! New OYO Cocktails! Creamsicle cocktail w OYO Honey Vanilla Bean; Stone Dude w OYO Stone Fruit // and many more!
it was like a badass novella every Tuesday ! I wish it come back.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I can't, I have improv...
cant wait!
It's not quite ready! But I'll let you know when we get closer :)
Girl u must luhh me..
. AC/DC music should be written into our constitution as a God-Given right!!
that's totally me!! haha <U+2764>
#DearTaylorSwift you're beautiful!!
People choose not to believe in God and His word cause they think it's irrational. The way I see it choosing death over life is irrational.
is looking for someone and i have a crush on him. i think it's a sign (;
I know! Heading out as early as possible!
Nope, but .. It's easy to prove you "know" facts in small talk; harder to prove you are critical thinker.
where are you? lol
Interesting article on the evolution of
Driving around the New Mexico desert....
came to coffee shop to avoid distractions of home - have re-discovered the distractions of facebook, twitter, assorted blogs & google reader
Heard Ang & Brad r engaged. Do u plan 2 make an appearance through the wedding dress? I'm guessing u'll b maid of honor
Thank you my friend. It's nice to see your happy pic back.
You're cute<3
I hate when I have the feeling that I'm missing something, but can't figure out what it is! >.<
I feel like we're better off as friends:/
When you're talking with someone, are you really listening? Or are you just readjusting your agenda?
I used to be that cool.. then I found out what sleep was
I wish I could play Zombies with you, but alas! My Xbox live expired and I'm too poor/lazy to pay for it :'(
bro wasup man!
Well geographically, the Rangers are the closest to the Astros out of anyone. So go Rangers!
Thanks for the follow! YA fantasy writer! rock on!
Rush Limbaugh is talking about those militant gays again.
Don't mind if I do! Good post for Earth Day
been at this resturant all day! Miss ya too
you should open one downtown called "The Hoppah"
forget them and boosie
Plus Chris doesnt tweet you like he did for ..
For that matter, archiving the ancient web seems important for you too ;) Unfortunately, getting LANL to pay ... unlikely.
I've been working a lot but from what I seen not too great.we are sunk without mariano
They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.
Cheering for Jayson Werth's injury. Stay classy Philly
A broken heart is like a clogged salon drain...until its clear nothing is gettin through.....
Most challenging task as a curator yet: writing text panels for a young audience.
Showers & storms tapering off. Expecting a nice break before sct. storms roll back in after 3 PM. Temperatures rise into the 70s.
Somebody that I used to know is a good song!
how about "would you like to go somewhere and just sit?"
Lmao as if it wasn't obvious that the reason why you see ( . Y . ) in your profile picture is because you want attention. Lmao.
Just got home, thanks for an awesome night!
Tbh, I think Jelena broke up.
collected $61.18 for #UMW Relay for Life today :D CANT WAIT FOR RELAY.
You need to realize sex isn't love, money isn't fame && Twitter isn't reality.
love you so much
get pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes for only $65 bucks!! guie are flats to stand out!
I'm pulling for Louisville. Gives UK some separation from Cuse!
You too.
My pleasure!
That first chill you get that fucks up your perfectly smooth legs <
Went out with a friend, we walked for ages, What are your plans? <AB
he would never even notice me.
You were my ticket outta here And I was your dream come true
My 17 mo old champ eater will only eat frozen waffles.teething gets to the best of us. Thanks for tip a long time ago
don't die before Record Store Day!!!
how would you know?
these guys never give it rest, I'm impressed....
So nice of my wonderful brother to cook dinner for me and tonight. Sorry Leslie!
time to change the profile pic?
Because sometimes people dont know your hot until we tell them...
Ladies: u want to find a man of quality!? Dress the part! In a tiny little dress at the club....what did u think ud find???
Two months until THE LEGEND OF BILLIE JEAN...The Musical....Cavern Club April 20
“Every single person I know who is successful at what they do is successful because they love doing it.” Joe Penna
kids are never satisfied! Kid gets to drive the cool car to the prom; now she's upset that she can't stay out until 1 in the morning
News of the OSFM coming out on Sunday just made my day!
Are you kidding? I loved it! :)
So will The Shack henceforth always be located in same mall as The Hut, do you think?
DJ SQUARED IN THE HOUSE
haha you are very right! Thanks! ;)
it's
....imagine the marriott... welcome to helven?
"Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand." - Sir William Osler
Disney movie marathon before the new year? Yes please.
I hate Justin Bieber, but i have to admit, i like his song boyfriend. haha
lol! U crazy man I can tell you a good ole guy! Bldg's are slow!
Don't lag
Happy Friday, everyone. Let's get ready for a long day of nothing.
They are playing phenomenally!
Hope you are feeling much better and snug in bed with a hot cup of tea!
just leave her alone... She doesn't deserve anything your saying about her. You always say ur gonna leave but u never do so-
Never let ur Guard Down
worried about my travel time with Wendell on Tues. How long is too long in carrier?
I just need my name my businesses name & a cupcake logo simple but attractive
Great Hoot in the Night event on Saturday night! Your team is amazing. Cheers to more summer camp for Milw kids!
ah me too!!! Sounds so fun! Stupid may term. Haha
You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Pussy is like MP3s: For every 1 who pays for it, there's thousands more getting it for free.
Lmao! Ole! *dances around sombrero*
U gotta get thru NJ cuz they R more old school than San Antonio & Boston up in here
#oii10 : the challenges of data opportunities from specific online sites - only looking at the better-offs.
Of course.
My days about to consist of Netflix and my snuggie.
It's a new week and the last week in October. Make it a great one.
Touchdown wooohoooo GO Steelers!!!
hot as fuck outside man.
Agree. Not what she used to be RT Ashley judd lookin busted!
you know I got you Frida :)
"the philosophy of technology continues to see Heidegger’s likes and dislikes as profound thought"
I hate having allergies...They always f#%king up...
please follow me and !!! U know our friend Alessandra and her family!! Please follow us!!!!:)
Matt<U+2665>FOLLOW ME! Please Mi AMor<U+2665>
Technology taken over bed
What a great afternoon on the patio. What are you doing still working?
Just got my and I have to say they get better with each delivery - I have YET to be disappointed!
I will during the Q&A section - Steve Anderson just gave a nice mention of and MediaCommons in general
yes i am
Not looking Forward to going to school tomorrow :/
Should be today. We'll tweet a link when it's ready.
Fist bumps for RTs, thx! Have a great TGIF!!
700th tweet. How we doing so far? You still following?
anyone else feel like rice coulda been tackled on that td?
so excited!!! its going to be a great day!!!
ToDay ToDay Time Get Get Up In Go Get Dis Money...........
dealing with poison oak on my little one. It keeps popping out in various places. On my way to store for benedryl- hope it helps!:((
that is how I spell improvised after a few whiskeys
Patience is key
Please join us in thanking Jamie for his time
Tailgate BASH set up; RB Kickoff Luncheon; Ducks Pep Rally at Santa Monica Pier, then a suite at 6:30 Blazers-Clips game
Now that's girl power that lasts! She has been celebrating her victory proudly for quite some time now. Go her.
Our pup had a nasty allergic reaction to something outside, he has awful allergies. He's much better now. Summer is officially here.
i love the hair cut, but i love the shirtless factor WAY more(;
Oh had so much fun with Paul! Can't wait for you guys to see the new video!!
so yall aren't going to attempt to address the issue in any manner?
I see Cherie Johnson has opened a restaurant in Houston. I may have to go check it out.
Did you indulge in a heavy meal for Easter dinner? Drinking Pu-er tea after is said to help clean the intestines & stomach, aiding digestion
Should change alarm clock to scary sounds. LEAPED out of bed at 4 a.m. today b/c I was SURE someone was chewing in the other room
Got facial skin pain... Need sunscreen with restorative aspect... Need city that sprays mist from treetops...
I hate when movies leave an open ending, I WANT RESOLUTION!
#Royals win their season-opening series 2 games to 1 against the #Angels. Off to #Oakland now.
Hahaha i'm so sorry, i just noticed this. But my bad, i got you addicted to twitter already c; #yourewelcome ;D
is the best boyfriend ever!!! I had so much fun on my birthday :) Ty baby <33
Driving to Newport with Excited for some whale watching and dinner at :)
Heading into Boston on July 4th? Look for our CRA van! We’ll be driving around with some fun, free giveaways! You won’t want to miss us!
I miss seeing the Boyz And You on Tv! U guys were fantastic don't u ever forget tht!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT : Shout out to Tim, Julie, Tricia and Chef Michael #N9NE.. Best Steakhouse in Chicago..
RT L.T. called Seau "a good and loyal friend...notice the words I said: good and loyal."
My kitten just broke her back leg...
Did you miss the live tweet of the show? No worries! Just click #vatzlavtulsa and relive it for yourself!
Hey Patrick, any chance we can get a coach or player to do a phoner for Channel 27's Wake Up Wisconsin?
will yu be at sweet 16.?
My dad is rushing me home so I can see the voice. I'm right around the corner from my house!!!!!!
I don't think they teach those skills. High school students should probably take econ, sociology, and statistics?
Must be a slow news week. I've seen the same story about Sheryl Sandberg's work schedule everywhere...
I have to admit, your shooting mechanics are in order. And thank you on the compliment! Haha
#IfIWonTheMeggaMillions I'd give to the deserving & not let them know where it came from,progress my business further, & cont. 2 enjoy life.
Back to MKE for the
Everyone is beautiful. I wish people (especially girls) wouldn't pick themselves apart. You are a human. You are the only you. Love urself.
finished this morning. i'd give it 6.5/10. super quick read.
I picked BAYLOR to win it all...
Stunningly these attitudes are making a phenomenal resurgence. It's astonishing ... and scary. *Reboots ex-pat fund*
#educause10 Northwestern using Vidyo for desktop video conferencing that works with their legacy h.323 video conference systems
That awkward moment when you aren't sure if you should delete it or keep it as evidence.
#YouKnowItsABlowoutWhen The announcers are talking about the weather and how OKC got to OKC.
Bobby Knight finally realized that UK might actually win the tournament. If its gonna happen anyway, he should just lay back and enjoy it.
Hard work & dedication.
Just heard #Cursive quote Scarlett O'Hara; everything comes together!
ok you can be the man too..Lol
nice, never tried that one! I'm going food shopping today/tomorrow so I'll pick one of those up to try. Joined WW last nite
Hahaha, I miss the competition.
ALL NORTHSIDE BITCHES WHERE THE SAME HAIRSTYLE
As I said, your very lucky. lol
"I LOVE THE WEEKND. HE WAS IN NYLON MAG. I SO WANT MY BOYFRIEND TO DRESS LIKE HIM"
Hey how have you been? Haven't talked to you in a while. I have a new job now. I start on the 21st!
When it's all said and done...is there really anything to forgive?
a mi me encanta
not too much, just watching Family Guy Being lazy haha hby?
“: There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.” love this
I heard the most ratchet song ever yesterday. lol
Thanks! And, I'm a little terrifying. RT : yup! Which means: great acting skills :-)
what white wine or rose would you bring to tonight ?
good morning :)
i follow back!! yay!
thx for the follow!
Need this essential mix immediately
SECRET SERVICE thinks GSA has better party settings& more booze.GSA thinks SECRET SERVICE has hotter chicks : )
Thanks for the #FF!
Going home :]]
failure, sigh
I think I just googled your name + moth
You a bad girl and your friends bad too, oh We got the swag sauce, she drippin' swagDEW
the ultimate home run trot RT : Would it be inappropriate to time the length of Obama's walk from the podium back to his office?
follow MIRANDA COSGROVE PLEASE
I would rather die then get ready and go through a b day.
FYI that was a first half bet
Downtown with for her audition with Break a leg!
SOCCER is still under FOOTBALL ... Football> Soccer
Prayers go out to the lonely lookin white dude who just got off the Light Rail at the Westport stop.
Stay safe, TN friends! As my mom told my brother, "Hold on tight!"
we have talked to him about football...either that or superhero. :)
I remember Twitter before all of the whack jobs joined. No, I'm not a "belieber" and will not follow you.
Thank you to all the support I get from each of you. I couldnt have made it this far without you all.
you're such a hottie, please follow me.
Did you see fast five??
RT *spend : My money come fast, so thas how I spit it. Trunk sounding like it got a marching band in it. I gotta go to work.
Anyone else watch Torchwood?
Hey guys! What do you think is the next generation of books?
Guacamole and stale jellybeans for lunch.
Pray for Storm Stephens and his family.
Ugh who you
Thats it for me tonight. Thank you all my new followers in building my twitter with from scratch. Wishing everyone out there a great night!!
I hanged out with B.o.B today at the press party for MTV and Express. super great time there. !!
Oh you don't like me? That's cool
": Who you'll going for La or OKC?"I know I'm late but lakers all day baby
"I literally just stalked a bunch of cats for 20 minutes," is something srsly said. See what does for Philly!
Yes! will be at the Murat on May 12!!! Treat 'Yo Self Hoosiers!!!
I want to learn to cook from you! Do you teach wild foods cooking classes?
all i want to do is curl up in my bed and stay there..hate what emotions can do to a person
Off 2 work, Gurr I hate working the late shift:(
AYYYYYEEE RT : Put your dick , where my mouth is :)
Your only limitations is your own ignorance.
Hey you said you needed 10 more :) I got you. Thanks for the follow back!
Congratulations to !! For getting Dance Captain!! IK you would do it! Love you girl!! :D #KillIt next year!
Rupert, an honest man?
ah so he's a quick shot!
Assuming the laws of attraction are true. What negative influences are you attracting today? What's your plan to stop that?
Great easter service at church and now time to drive to connersville
Hi! Can you re-order job history by preference instead of the default chronological?
Great news, and ! We love to see our students connecting with the community in such a positive way!
Do you want to make airport parking faster? Sign up for the Go-Fast Pass today!
Yeah that was me on some random dudes shoulders all night. And no never showed my tits im classy.
Larry's got the right idea
thanks to for remembering DY
I really need to drink more water daily. A lot more. Why is this so hard?
thank you :)
Time waits for no men
trying to make my life more complicated. Any suggestions for another website? Is Hulu any good?
My leggings all of a sudden grew legs and walked away -_-
RT : I torrented an entire tv season only to realize that it was on netflix streaming.
I'm sure I will.. But I don't want to come here and be depresive...
Kardashian Korner -- coming up on news on desperate housewives finale, GCB cancelled & more deets on shows on the chopping block
We have great mommas ! RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Looking through the program for #hsjsea and sad that I missed She's great!
or that ex girlfriend that never goes away!
Thanks for the follow. I hope you'll check out my book at Amazon and let me know what you think.
only have twitter instagram & tumblr now.
you're not even following me haha
Don't know how I missed your request...but I'll make it up to ya!
TY for following. We're off to London to launch a new furniture collection with Nina Campbell. Look for details next week! RT
Why would you compare your last to your current?
If you are in Houston come to hear Anne Allison speak at 1:30 at Rice's Fondren library. 3rd floor. All welcome. 9-4 Asia conf today and Sat
Right now I'm on hold with JCPenney & is playing! I LOVE it!
shutup! He didn't But it didn't send anything to him on Sunday either! I sent him a message on facebook telling him though
of course he is. Who wouldn't be a fan. Especially when we do the best karaoke version of danger high voltage ever
Emails have been sent! Who's excited? :D
ok even I must agree with your statement.lol But definitely for a good cause!
upside of being in the office Sat. morning = phone doesn't ring, email inbox is silent. Docent training talk prep, here I come!
Help us to 1800 followers on Twitter! Have your friends join us Once we get to 2000 we will be giving away special prizes!
I am so utterly sad that I have now watched every episode of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. Puh-LEAZE make the rumored movie continuation....
I bet Le Madeleine make good King cakes!
So GM is relying on the Volt. The Volt will sell for $40k!! Gimme a prius for half, or better yet an SUV w/3yrs of gas, FREE!
That I did RT : pers did u graduate??!
Enough Photoshop tonight. I need a rest. San Francisco bay area photographer commercial Napa wine country wedding video
tan divina Nina
Our new FB page just got set up facebook.com/notomorrowartists we need friends! Well have a stop motion movie up tomorrow!
You LOVE tax increases Please reverse all the tax increases you have subjected MD to sales tax alcohol tax and soon gas tax
Keg Wars
Another rainy night...
never stop having faith in your team but always have to be realistic. my babies wont make it out this round :/ it is so sad
You need to wale up and text me already :/
Now I hear that the Indian commandos have killed 10 terrorists and have arrested 1 of them.. So what about the remaining? Terroriss stil ...
Me + My best friend = trouble
cool, I'll be the dork in the bright yellow vest
I want to sell you FIBC's. How do I make this happen?
they really were! :')
I can't work a nine to five and you don't seem to realize what's on my resume.
#SweatStock already?! This year is flying by!
this whole thing is "sketchy"
Wish I had friends in this study hall
I'm now missing Rick Santorum and James Dobson's stop in Columbia. Oh well.
tweet-up is on fire!
A vendor addresses me as "President" in its mailings. And I'm not about to stop them.
RT : Heard the Kinks' "Lola" playing at in GV just now. Of course, in my mind, that's now "Yoda" by
its 4:20pm about to light up my blunt
Yea, she said this Mountain View place is hours awayy from here haha.
Post your tough reference questions on
Fair point, not sure I agree.
how about laying off the auto message BS and pay some respect to Junior on ALL your platforms.
Seems to me Cantor is getting a bad rap for her coverage of Michelle Obama. Does she even say anything bad about the first lady?
After weekend yoga the destroyer
he's no good
Anyone have recs for books, articles, or sites about mentoring, for the prospective mentor?
Who's your favorite rapper?
Leadership - A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
I can't wait till the day I can actually do things with Cicily. Won't be long though!
finally peace and quiet. oh god jersey shore spinoffs ah!
so glad you're enjoying The Fourth Stall. Isn't it so fun?
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?! #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!! <3
The decisions that university bureaucracies make are both fascinating and frustrating.
shit gets RURL when you talk smack bout my artist =)
Brilliant RT : might as well tailgate for spring training!
#PLA12 precon - what's difference btw symptom and problem when you have disconnect between strategic plan and output measures?
sounds like fun! Can't wait to hear your new album and the songs you guys wrote :)
#fridaylistens - still listening to Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci - need more excuses to listen - getting close to the end!
Anyone ever tell you that you look alot like Lana Del Rey? I love her face...
Not sure what you are bringing for the Thanksgiving dinner? One of our party trays would be perfect! Order yours today!
& your not a trashy tramp..
6:30AM comes & goes...No sign of
you will not be disappointed!
great meeting you at the M! Enjoy your tour of Detroit! A truly special place on the road to economic recovery!
They are doing this [negotiation] behind closed doors. In their hubris or fear, is this to shield us from the truth?
A little Lawrence Welk to pregame the Flyers game.
Favorite Movie Line "Man,Give The Lil Ni**a His Ball Back" Some Dude in Boyz In Da Hood
#fuck this weather
#workout time
As a biz owner, if your customers had a bad experience. Wouldn't you want them to let you know first? So that you could fix the issue?
It's no problem. I figured you were busy but may get back to me soon. :-)
Nothing like a wine bar blasting "one big room, full of bad bitches"
checked out my first event today. I'm excited to start acting with them later this week.
Much simpler definitely! Then I could stop using RTM for my tasks and Springpad for my notes.
I cant wait for this week:)
I just saw you in the twitter stream! Look how similar our names are? Ha!
I just finished a 0.20 mi run with a pace of 27'12"/mi and a time of 05:42 with Nike+ GPS.
You're all I need <3
Nite all, have sweet non partisan dreams.......God bless America
now that would b a blast
Thanks Bran, you rock! RT #ff analytics & social media
Can Dallas go after Tebow to atleast perform an exorcism on Jerry Jones
Did You Know? - You can make Installment Agreement payments with a credit card or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Bucket Hats
Laybach Music is coming...stay tuned.
You know life is good when you're still at work at 11:30pm on a Friday night.
Grace and Truth Ministries » John_15_041812
That's some #BOSS shit
Lol.Smiley Miley stick to the bubblegum rock!Ur performance of a Nirvana song waz horrid.Stick w/ur meal ticket.Ur parents ruined ya!So sad.
My mom is calling Mr Okes tomorrow...that means she's really ticked her off. She's never called any of my teachers before.
redbull and coca cola
No more drinks for you, stay sharp, Fae!!!
feeling very sad about maurice sendak. feeling sad and human.
Even in autobio, author & subject are never "the same." MT Ask Alex Haley RT How do u write someone else's autobiography?
that Hadley ever happens... Bit when it does its beautiful :-)
Happy Thanksgiving to our friends and family! Save some turkey and stuffing for us, we're coming over!
True... Hunger Games. Lord of the Flies. And, she does have 3 dogs to help...with something...I'm sure.
El Sobrante, CA- Need females for art shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is $100. (Casting Code A1)
Parkrose teachers taking a strike vote tomorrow. District will not change its position
Dogs and wine tonight yumm!
I need a fairytale!! Hello !
seems like a lot of random people I follow on twitter are there. Stone Cold still was the best, by far!
Can't wait to see #JohnnyDepp&#MichellePfeiffer in
Thanks to our multi-tasking warrior for a great day of filming! Can't wait for you to also be our RED guy!
And the next seven Christmases, too, I hope. At home with CNN, I still stood throughout the address.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand , Liars. RT If you hate liars.
haha I still got it ;D
I never admit or deny anything it makes me more interesting
okay tbh~ tattoos are pretty cool. I actually want one haha but I guess that's different. Sigh~ stop comparing us!
aite i got ya lady
ha! i won my fight against netflix...they finally reactivated my account!!!!!
At The Cheesecake Factory, trying to pick a cheesecake.
pretty cool
Feeling defeated.. Need some motivation. Cook books are on lockdown
B-fucking-s Toledo...
all steve joneses are utterly trustworthy and non-threatening always and if you dont believe me i'll have to beat you up
so true!
What film are you watching?
And all you get is a big fat fuck you. Not a thing more.
Have a great weekend, get out and enjoy the weather or stay inside and relax all day, which ever works best for you
beauty and the beast.
It's so frustrating to hint something to someone and have them completely over look it. Ugh...
Pesto. Geez, I know you too well lol.
Seriously? The movers just dumped the furniture in a heap so it tumbles out of the open door?!? Idiots!
#InTheMorningIMustHave those extra five minutes of sleep
Mingling w/ great people at Seau's join us! cc:
RT : ask anybody over 30 - if they tell you they have more than 10 friends, you know they're counting co-workers.
Someone at Time clearly goofed, and my joke aside, intended no disrespect. But to say people *exclude* SD from SoCal? C'mon!
cause there's one 3 times the size behind it. That should be good enough. (:
congratulations man! :D
Hehe wiggle wiggle wow
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech!
hi, interesting tweets, lets follow each other :)
fantastic! I will ignore it. :)
That's whack
#DidYouKnow that over 690 million lbs of turkey will be consumed this Thanksgiving? How many pounds for those in poverty?
just one more after tonight
RT Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
Alright Deandre!!!!!! Loved it!!!
hey! Thanks for following. Love what you all stand for! S/o to
WHENEVS YOU WANT. I kind of want to just go to the oaks mall to look! Could you do tonight possibly?!
thought u knew.
Push beyond the border of excellence- CROM
I am so freaking excited! What was your fav thing that u did when you were there? #NYC p.s. miss your face. We must catch up!
If running a mobile campaign, don't send them to a non-mobile-optimized pg + make sure lead gen forms are even shorter than online.
just found out I was in the same dance class as my dance teacher a few years ago #wtf!
Eating Friendly has gone public! Thanks to my friend, Shibley Burnett. Thank you, Shib!
happy Easter :)
I'm about to put my nephew to sleep with his bad ass
Informative read, just what I've been studying this year. Will be interesting to see any DSM-5 changes to diagnosis next May.
Jealous! Will u live tweet? MT Very excited awaiting & re curriculum mapping
It really is fun & easy. Great tip :-)
lol for real, it's on Sunday at like 10 in the morning i think
nice interview!!
Just sat in Vermes' chair at #livestrongsportingpark. I felt like whistling and yelling!
I've been back from DR for 2 weeks now and I'M STILL SICK. Looks like it will be another sleepless night...
Long day of travel. I should sleep but #SNL shot that down.
Another #lameclaimtofame was finding a University of Chicago astronomy journal volume with Carl Sagan's name on the check-out card.
"Im so sorry for what we put you through for 100 years. 20 years ago you guys wouldnt even be allowed in here" "20 years ago was 1992" baha
Had our first volunteer event at the Chicago Food Depository during night-we packed over 34,000# for the needy!
Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend!!
i love that song! I sing to it on the radio. We could be singing it at the same time. Who knows? :P
oh really so you live in texas I didnt realize that where at?? You should come see us in september :))
Boring night as usual. What's everyone else doing?
People come and go, but I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to be here for YOU.
so am I. But, I'm baffled how that could have happened. All is good and I'm back in the fight.
I forget who shared this tidbit of info with me... Come clean as soon as possible. Lay your cards on the table. dmp
Chavez with a single!
thanks, this was great but alittle overwhelming at first.
Throw a lemon at her girl. Lol
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them. --Oscar Wilde
I think it's time for me to learn how to keep the people I love.
for the record I did not get pegged!
Crazy Horse Twitter Terminator now self-aware. Can't be bothered with judgement day, watches HBO instead
#YoMommaSoFat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Of course, I wouldn't miss it for all the Scotch Eggs in the world.
sorry baby ... let me start a convo!
Your first mention is coming from ME. c:
Questions about the team? Tweet them at us for our podcast with the hashtag #SSPodcast to get it answered.
Happy May 4th! Today is the greatest "holiday" in the film industry
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
Anger is an emotion so strong it has the power to overtake rationale.Express why you are angry NOT what is wrong with the persons character.
Which film should win best picture?
Living Mice = Lost track from The Cure's Disintegration album. :)
Thinking about
“: respect for the follow”Thanks! U too!
#thingsthatneedtochange saying God then saying a cuss word right after lol #reallydude (in my Kevin Hart voice)
New excuse; I'm reading my book. It works EVERY time. No joke.
link mi when u ready. :-)
Students (and instructors) have to learn how to learn digitally.
Tell me something
I was at a wedding. The 'ima' tweet was a song by zebra Katz.
We need help in 3 key areas: planning, organizing, and fundraising. DM me if you have any suggestions.
such a good mixtape
Is it weird that when I hear people freak out about seeing a shark at the beach my eyes light up and im way excited? #Poseidonlookatme!
If only I had a bb gun and some woods right now... or a pine tree haven. ha! so many forts
Well now that football is over, what else do I have to look forward to? Star Wars Episode 1 in 3-D? Really? 2012 sucks.
That's why there's Bath & Body Works! :-D ... sometimes i like to eat an orange just to make my hands smell good.
And like a fury she dashed upon the scene
PL in MA asks for free dig. for local HS, museum, and church."I view the library as the coordinator for our community's digitization"
I gotta wait for Sam to finish school so it wouldn't be until the end of June anyway. And yes PARTY!!!!!
ILLEGAL toilet set up- NO ShutOFF valve on it-so this happened.
Daum the rest i got is coins. -_- )X
I want some cookies.
Like every week like it's
just something else for the cry baby Cards to complain about...
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its innate limits and challenges.
'Please stop hunting my dreams'..
We will be publishing the talks in a week or two!
Drooling over the products on the store.
#ff big shout out to our boss (#mustfollow)
best of luck!
The worst thing about #sonsofanarchy is that it doesn't last all night, why does it have to end......WHY?
The movie, Battleship, looks boss!
SAT word of the day: unctuous (adj.) smooth or greasy in texture, appearance, manner
Okay awesome! I can probably do it either tomorrow or today!(:
Who else cant wait for website?! im super excited<3 Only if she would follow me now :/
signing off for the night, its #patriots time!
Sitting at work listening to Viking metal!!! How amazing is that need one more sale to match my commit
Stressed for a week about a project and the big wigs are too busy to go over it!
I'm sure the electricians working on installing more desks are happy I'm listening to JB and Taylor Swift.
Was that saying that 21% bought then pinned? Or pinned then bought?
Today I began the drywall process in the restroom I'm renovating.
I'll take, you know, Hoch.
Thank you for the follow. CONGRATS on your success!
Thanks for the tweet! :)
I'd be happy to say Happy Birthday on Twitter..! Send me his Twitter name.
Even betta, so easy n cheesy! lol
when u start
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"....
Anyways you should keep that up. That's awesome! Direction is great if it comes to business, school or anything.
My #FridayReads is when the killing's done by T.C. Boyle. Yep...I can see why this guy's kind of a big deal ;)
I watched dance around the house this a.m. like Maury just told her she wasn't the father of a baby. Her jury duty got called off.
if you say so lol
A Look at AboutOne&#39;s Online Family Organizer - One of the Top Products from the 2012 Consumer Electronics Show
food trucks in LA! We need more here in ABQ.
Came home to the barking and fussing of my two demon dogs. Those two can be a pain in the butt.........
Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.
Buying a home might not be the best option. Compare all costs between the two to determine which really is the better deal.
shout out to pepperdine! thank you, library staff, for a great training day.
yeah... Go to iheartradio.com and create your profile!
Ok and a couple of crown n h2o's and a giant jager shot...
Cool. Me too! Following lots of folks.. See you soon!
really good at turning that knob
We use potato rolls on the Bistro Burger.
Another day, another immigration queue.
Hans Rosling: I love this guy! If you haven't watched "The Joy of Stats", do it: www.gapminder.org/videos/the-joy-of-stats. An hour, but fun
If you're American and use the word Mum for Mom, you need to be kicked in the fuckin' head.
YES! “: We're excited about opening the new Centre Technologies office in Nola supporting our hard working IT departments"
#IfICouldHaveABabyWith1Follower it would have to be with Not only does she have a great personality, but she looks stunning.
Beautiful evening. Boh's and O's
yes sir
You are the man! Thanks dude!
we left
i'm in lab with you
Like how this turn is partly a recovery project. GF & I both worked in health, that the body is porous is no surprise
Will you be hiring summer interns? I am graduating in June and would love to work with you!
You guys sound like a pretty fun place, we are gonna have to pop it. Have a great weekend!
Well, here goes any chance of cleaning today.
In rehearsal listening to Autumn Hurlbert belt out some serious notes.
Who's on your side?
With my Sept 10 fight for the World #Boxing Union Champ , we're hosting a weekly contest for great prizes on my #facebook page
tease. Meanie:P
can i get a shoutout from ICONic boyz plz
In a meeting this morning in which a semi-colon was mentioned. Wanted to make a Cormac McCarthy joke and realized nobody would get it.
urban outfitters has the best tanks. And they are 10% off!
wth? Really? I'm doing what? Protecting my name? Blocked btw.
NICE!! Improve your strength and biking endurance through strength intervals. You'll be
Study study study
:O WOAH ITS NATIONAL STARWARS DAAAYY! may the fourth be with you!
Really wish I would have gotten tickets to the #BrewersSMIS event! Would have been a fun and informing experience.
Fish tacos sound amazing!
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
No worries. Drinks are always good there.
its barely raining lol, artists have to stay in shape
you guys should do some video of you and making sweet sweet music for the new album! it'd be awesome
Austin Rowing Club is looking forward to serving the community in the new Waller Creek Boathouse!
I feel your pain!
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Can't get enough Joel Anthony fadeaways in the playoffs
Summer hasn't even started, just imagine the weather then. :o
: please RT? Your tweets are great:)
Can't decide if I should get a kindle or not...#firstworldproblems I like reading and collecting regular books but the kindle is so compact!
however this 2nd half play out...this is going to be one really entertaining last 45...i am pumped!!
Feel like talkin on the phone.
ok I'll go check it out, and how did you get so many foloowers so quickly?
So, your finding is that CS majors write with spreadsheets frequently? That's interesting. . .
Pimping ain't dead Man you aint saying nothing !!
hell yeah i know ima see wat i can do. but if its over with, ima just fuck with a after prom or sumtn
344: The to-do list may be long, but I'm thankful for that good feeling I get when I can cross things off of it.
This is the first full week I've worked since before Thanksgiving, is it Friday yet??
Haha. Sooner or later I will be in the same boat.
emoji 2- free. So glad they finally got around to making an AIM style sunglass'd cool guy
If you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it perhaps will occur.
Why am I awake?
Never fails. I always end up living at a place where construction occurs nearby. This one started at 7am.
holy $*#% you're amazing <U+2665>
Thanks again to John Ellis of Portland Internet Design () for an awesome presentation! We're all fired up about SEO and keywords.
How does one "study coffee at White pine"?
It’s hard to care about #TheVoice “Live” Shows when they air on the east coast first. The internet's not secret NBC!
RT : RT : The GOP forcing the religious right's views on the country in many ways reminds me of the Taliban.
Happy Mothers Day!
Lots of LONG flyballs out there tonight...that park may even be able to contain type power!
Right now I need a drink and a blunt this guy over here is making me upset
'I will' instead of 'I wish', 'I want', 'I need to', or 'I can't.' Ask God for help in every step.
Shout out to Marquis Daniels!! Fla Boy rocking the #USF Green&Gold Sneakers
any news,,,can you tell us WHY the delay/silence/lack of news, we would ALL be so grateful, many thanks.
Holy week kickin off, really excited for what God has over the next few days!
I don't like Kepner. She's annoying. I'm sure it will. We both watched the episode and it triggered the same reaction :-)
i missed the sounds of rain
The votes are in! I'm going to dye my hair red! Thank you for your feedback! :)
Apparently my version of not leaving the house is to randomly drive to Cimarron.
ah girl you're so cute <3 thank youu!
do have Killer B number ?
You're doing a great job Connie!
Facebook: creating, and killing relationships since 2004.
RT : RT : Hey non-soccer fans - turn on ESPN2, high drama right now if you like sports even a little.
RT if you love Austin Mahone.
Thanks as always for the promo. Looking forward to next weekend!
LOL literally just dapped him up
too too funny
Producer is T-Minus
Official: Most snow since 1893!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night to the Roux House. We had a blast!
Not to be confused with breeding. No what's breading?
I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE. ;)
On a telephone town hall call with one of my heroes, Rep. Alan Grayson.
Real coconut chunks in my mocha? No thanks, Starbucks. I don't want to chew my coffee!
No! There's a hole in my Toms. Its cause I dance in them during dance class.
I'd be totally down for chicken wings & Mumbo sauce at Nats Stadium.
Gotta put up with the clouds but the sun is comin'! Where shall we go #PDX?
yayyy. We win! Bankruptcy for all means we will all finally be equal! Morons.
she always does.
Sgt. on scene says both suspects have been detained. Riverside PD was arresting suspects elsewhere in Santa Ana as part of...
i want some food
You are the only one I promise the stars
Cuz, I'mma call you after 5pm Central Standard Time, OK?
I fight it every chance I get. I got my son hooked on My Little Pony and let him paint his nails. And he learns science from me.
She's strong enough to walk away; but broken enough to look back.
Bri talk a lot of shit!
Sexy chick is on the radio. Makes me think of video <3
How do I do that? I know, sheer idiocy.
No way I stayed at that same hotel when I was in Orlando, Florida
- That awkward walk\run you do when a car lets you cross the street. o.O
Can you hear those footsteps behind you? That’s not me running behind you, that’s karma catching up to you
Haha that made me laugh and feel better about this game. Mostly.
Just tapped, Soltice Summer Ale (replaces Blue Mountain Estate Winesap Hard Apple Cider)
follow mm!!(:
bro I no so much b.s. went down in the few weeks. Yull have it this week my word.
roll one up for me
Perrie Edwards is so freaking pretty!
just a couple <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>on <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Springsteen show, song Sunny Day little girl from audience, sang Sunny Day so well Bruce carried her in his arms stage to sing
When's the last time you were arrested for a cause you believe in?
21 Jump Street tonight? Hit me up
Looks like online marketers have picked up a few tricks from reality tv
hey let me know if you need a mix for that song you're gonna record!
we throttled our request limit to you to 1 req/second average - what behavior are you seeing now?
I hate getting to certain events extra early now its seems im wasting my time
Oh you made a chain of cheeze itz at lunch? Tell me how cool you are.
No SB plans? Watch the Super Bowl game with us and enjoy 1/2 off dumplings at the bar starting at 5pm (sound will be on). Pls RT.
RT : Baby you should let me love you.
lol better work on that swing <U+26F3>
I think tonight is probably one of the worst nights I've had at work in a while. I just have to pretend everything is fine and dandy.
When are you going to get more juicers in stock? Really want the Juice Fountain Plus in Los Angeles.
Excited to be at Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School’s Annual Celebrity Waiters Luncheon. Looking forward to raising lots of $ for !
From South Grove TAP meeting: This is NOT about test scores; it is about our kids and quality instruction."
Can even give folks feedback (as in regular classroom) by clicking on applause button
“: Register for the by Dec 24 and you can WIN A FREE IPAD2!!! It will be the ultimate ”
What I'm reading: "Broadband for public libraries: Importance, issues..." Govt Info Quarterly 27 (2010) 280-291. Thanks !
knowing! Kinda weird but keeps your engaged!!!
I always think bout u all day <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Getting ready 4 Prom 2012 I REALLY REALLY hope I have fun becuase this is my first prom by the way Bummy do you still want to go? Nah JK :)
can't remember if you saw the little guy or not. If not, you could stop by before we leave tomorrow morning.
You're a dear, but no thank you. I work with Carole, so it shouldn't be a problem. Thanks for the offer, though! :)
Love is like heaven but it can hurt like hell
Friends with Benefits .
I hear that the new stadium will have better lighting.... Ha!
Dylan !.follow Me!!
And a special thanks to our friend Annie for showing us picnics, sunshine, rivers, couches, and all things that life is all about.
bored @ work
well now your offer will taunt me forever! How long is it valid?
Today is pickle Tuesday i need a pickle!!!
Free kick for Tech from 25 yards out! Gaul makes diving save!
where are you? Haha
I now measure my reading activity with how often I see John Steinbeck's face as the Kindle screen saver.
i just realized that i posted a tweet about folding demin on here instead of a text to someone. haha. i definitely worked until 1 AM though!
Fitness equipment key to toned body - The Manly Daily
lol, one condition. You wear a bandana around your eyes and no peeking. :P
well, ya see, we need a weekend to spend. That's what we need.
Hey Tweeples, Spring is in the air...wait a sec...THAT's BBQ I SMELL! Stop by and see us :)
If 80's movies are so corny - how come we miss them so much? Maybe it's because they take us back to a simpler time...
cause she doesnt know what it means
order you tickets today for Victorian Halls' "Big Bad Wolf Show" at the Beat Kitchen! www.tinyurl.com/VHtickets
good morning sunshine
thanks for trying bro!:)
hahaha ohmygawsh thanks(: lol yeah it was funny. I just laughed with my bff & then he texted her all sad & I replied to the
And if you don't know, now you know
good! Everything we needed. :)
Success is doing ordinary things, extraordinarily well.-Jim Rohn
I would love to see them. Hope you are tweeting on the trip.
#SpelHouse taught me
My dad calls me Jakey. You're in!
Gonna drop a new mix on y'all early next week :D
"I can't go into that backyard." "Why not?" "There's a beast back there. A giant gorilla-dog that ate one kid already." "Is that a fact?"
Thank You for keeping us in the game
: Hank's Oyster Bar, Circa, Sette!
perfect! That's all I need to know about:)
Failure is necessary to succeed.
5.8 quake is nothing. Try waking up in a 7.0 swaying high-rise in Tokyo sometime.
I decided there's people who need the #MegaMillions jackpot more than myself.. Ya know, just wanted to serve my community! You're welcome.
RT : It's official endorses for upcoming gubernatorial elections
that's tight i need one too haha
You're the warmth in my summer breeze You're the ivory to my ebony keys You would share your last jelly bean
Jeez, bunch of cry babies!! We don't even have em yet! Yur all 1st on the list.
Yes, Citizenship before Partisanship, Country first before Party. More power to Mr. Howard Schultz.
do you guyz live close?? Hope ya do...im lucky i get to cuddle wiff my boy...hope u guyz do too :-)
AND for being Uncle Jesse!!! FWD: : Thanks for being such a good friend.
#caa2012 Nick Mirzoeff: pays homage to the spectre of revolution across multiple spaces
As an artist, you are what your work is... and secondly, you are what tools (in this case cameras) you use
Did we somehow unfollow each other?
We hope to get it on video, at least.
I watches batman. Just for him. Ahaha
jay will you please bring up on your show that we need to quit giving Mark Sanchez so much praise!
Mary! How do you change your name all the time?
Pimpin ain't easy but its necessary so I'm chasing bitches like Tom chases Jerry.
#Rockies 1-0! Great way to start fellas!
Took me longer just driving to school than it did to take my test.
Florence + The Machine is SOLD OUT Apr 28 Don't worry, has your tix THIS HR
Looking for local artists to sell/display their art Tweet us!
thank you so much, Cher! Happy Monday :-)
It ain't that hard people. I'm not a religious man but ever heard of the Golden Rule?
free! works for me
; "ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass. ass." great way to start my morning. (:
RT : My brain has reached its bandwidth capacity limit...
Apr 8,1952: Jock Colville wondered whether Eden's lack of experience in domestic affairs disqualified him as Churchill's successor.
See the RC44 Cup Sailing Event in SD from our hotel March 2nd through 6th. Views of the harbor right from inside your room!
just watching tv :) you?
The kids are back in school. Now it's time to focus on you. What would YOU like to get accomplished between now and end of Q4? Think BIG!
incredible pain. But an opportunity to be tougher right? Consider myself lucky & can't wait to run again. 4 years for u?? :(
You're welcome. I've never actually tried it.
Never thought I would be so happy to get back to a product. So long XP, I will not miss you one bit. Hello again #Windows7 :-)
dude sounds like a great idea. We aren't going to be around tonight unfortunately. Let's grab a beer in the next week or 2. You up?
It has gone back to being nuggets today
I want them!
Successful Trend Show on Saturday with Stacy London @ Southcenter! :)
I need OKC to kick this series off with a W
yes, they adopted an older beagle a few months ago. I'm sure she'll have fun there. :)
Fill in the blank: When I'm working out, my favorite band or musical artist is ________________.
Now you're just trying to reearn your man card...;)
Once I had a container of hot chocolate powder burst open in my luggage. Cocoa-riffic!
DeVante Designz International was a very proud sponsor of the 2012 Boston Marathon.
poop I have to do it.. hope its not too hard
Woho. 150 nominations down to one. We're getting ready to share the big news and announce our non-profit this week. cc
Too late.
Chris Brown just won a #Grammy? My cue to turn this off.
check out #lil_dynamo1987 on youtube
why aren't you coming to Lawrence, Kansas??? Will you be coming here in the summer??? We love you out here!!!
Son: Dad, no offense, but I think you get angry too easy. Me: Yeah, you might be right. Son: We should set up a reward chart for you.
beautiful morning fbs! just an early morning reminder - Tilted Kilt on North Dale Mabry tonight for Triva and food and beer! starts at 8!
Only thing better than NYE in Vegas....Halloween in Vegas! Xo! ;)
Getting my run on!
yes! I love it so much! I woke up in the middle of the night just to watch it (: KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :D
And you'll never hear me say that you all didn't drive me insane ;P
I hate that you can't delete it when you do something dumb on twitter! No going back
Jubilee’s Swing Dance Contest. Watch Sac's best Swing dancers compete. Hyatt Ballroom Sat. prelims 11:30am finals at 4pm.$1000 first prize.
preferably if you don't live in virginia
I found Wordpress to be a better option vs Blogger for the site. Please take a moment to see how things are going: www.stliving.com
RT : Ducks are in full force tonight in the city of Philadelphia
earned it this week!
(can you RT?) Dirigo Alum Chapter (Maine) is having its 3rd Annual "Hike for Hearing" this Sat. @ 2pm (FMI - contact )
you are very welcome!
Bummed too. Sorry, we had no idea that was a requirement. Hopefully we'll see you at another or next year.
Over the counter pain medication doesn't help my cause @ all
That's exactly what I get out of it. Good assessment makes you plan a course backwards, compared to how you did it before.
RT : Be sure to tune into Q102 today you might hear something familiar. << What time?
just did. Great feature.
That snuggle detergent commercial is creepy..
Dylan freaking Holland just tweeted me. I legit just screamed in the middle of class. Got weird looks, but I don't care(:
Sneak out of the bottom of the 9th with bases loaded to force extra innings with the Marlins. Let's go Brüe Crüe.
Awesome to hear so many new voices at !!! General Assemby
"the economy" isn't a valid to reason to terminate when the real problem is performance.
guy is eating chinese food with his hands and licking his fingers. is this for real?
did fundraising for boston last year. Invite friends to a "wine tasting" get the wine donated - great way to raise funds!
#p90x 2 comes out this fall, tell me you're going to hit it up and rant like only you can!
You will be judged by your actions and those actions will precede you and be remembered for years to come.
the ways in which NSM is being used in relief efforts for Haiti amaze, intrigue and fascinate
Why did it take seven months to print the new Allied contracts? Why are there still none in the primary language of the workers there?
without my fans theres no me
Been a long week. Trucks, vendors, wood... furniture world. Feels like an uptick. Thanksgiving and Christmas rush here we come! Weekend.
You know your in the ghetto when your GPS says "Drive faster and put me under the seat!"
"I hate carrying change."-
"When I had my first Big Mac I thought my dick was big."
RT : Watching last night's #4thandforever from Great show.
Nap time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
super weird brah. I just watched that youtube video "brew" the other day. Reminded me of you. Haha you want a brew, brew?
Life is like a cup of tea, it's all in how you make it. ~ Irish Proverb
new #napoleandynamite cartoon not too bad so far! I can see this being highly addictive.
There goes everyone's bracket down the tube.....Good win Norfolk St
OMGG I HAD ONE TOO
Another Lent meal: our very popular cheese, sour cream, or guacamole enchiladas. Mix and match for the perfect dish!
The "arrangement" of a song is the fitting together of verses, choruses, breaks, intros and endings
Don't forget to thank a solider today!!
Is my brother really gonna go to the movies right now?! #TakeMeWithYouuuuuu!
*Hoping Brian Williams will offer some psychic predictions on #Letterman*
They put Him in a tomb & He got up....so don't tell me your stumble can't be redeemed!
What were YOU doing at 11:11 am today?
Sir we're landing in 20 minutes, I can't serve you another #MileHigh cocktail
I love you Al.
I just don't. I didn't like them from the beginning, they're just not a crew I like.
What's the point of having a twitter if all you tweet about is how high you are? Support 420 but Jesus Fuck
I'm really torn about this movie 'Bully" marketing battle with the ratings board. We need kids to see it, so edit or give the PG-13 now.
lookin forward to my first sip of your home brew. What are you going to pour event?
My love is like a star. You can't always see it, but it's always there. Just know that you're not alone......I love you too :)
Kid & Guy don't care for an explanation of the brewing process at Kid's brewery.
Lot of mullets on the ice at this NHL skills challenge.
rain. heels. stats. three of my favorite things.
I WISH I met Frankie Sandford!!
I should remember to lock my phone.
Glad you enjoyed it! Come next year too!
Hero ball is the best.
if she want to be with us old folks. I wouldnt if I was her
why ask if your going to do the opposite
Oh, how I have missed my
#BigGBirthdayBashMay4atIBIZA I think I'm goin in
SD3 #stpatricksfest SD in the big D
Take a look at the newly #redesigned Tuesday #Tees website at www.TuesdayTees.com --- We just made it LIVE! Be the first to see!
FILL IN THE BLANK WEDNESDAY: On any given day, after a long day of work, I like to relax by____________.
5 o'clock somewhere
Taking a break from music to eat seafood and drink wine watching the yachties sail in circles Round the Island tomorrow
If you enjoy following my tweets on Velocity, please also follow , and my alter-egos!
Oh god the little glimmer in Daenerys' eye when Viseris talks about letting the while tribe fuck her...
#InHighSchool people change and only the ones who are always there for you stick around. The others are called fake.
Yes Additions list emailing this eve...
On cold days like today, I pretend that I'm a dragon lol
Great article!
Fixing to be moving to Tucson very soon so be back with my wife
Welcome to the 2011 at ! Let's have some fun. What speaker/panel are you looking forward to most?
i hate this weather
What is your best scar? Tell the story of how you got it.
“Science, you don't know, looks like magic.” Christopher Moore
I also felt it was raw. if it makes sense to you, which is probably what I appreciated the most.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjold
Gettin' down with this website #RealGangster.com, tough work for someone who never had much at all N people to take care of.
It was upbeat. Need some SD team spirit after dismal padres loss vs CO
The truth is you either lead by example or you don't lead at all.
It's a start. Keep at it. Best wishes. Rob
Lol my sister called me in school telling me to come over and swim.
…so that's why the rooster wakes up yelling everyday
We only got one life to live
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!113
you got me beat by one follower!
Theres not a day that goes by that im not sorry .
You need to eat, starving yourself will lead to problems and I do not suggest ever fasting because it is horrible for you.
Is Michael Andretti on this show?
How far can I run today? Here I go . . .
Instantly puts them in the Super Bowl conversation
I can't figure out how to attach picture do you know? Highly uplifting picture.
Just had microwaveable waffles. Just like mama used to make'em
do you think laurinaitis is a good gm
No diamond can sparkle without going through friction and likewise, no daughter of go can shine w/I friction as well #dgroup <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
give it a few months. My brain is still processing the monetary dimensions.
And I will always love you:)
The best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. That way, they never suspect you hung up on them
Gee, so sorry I have an opinion that I can publicly air. If you don't like it, quit following me.
shouldnt foreigners who lived in the US (legally: for school) for over 9 years automatically get a green card too ? :(
": hey sis how you been doing" hey bro working hard
Firm resolve for legislative transp expressed by & , strong advocates for #house openness
It was raining here for two days. But GORGEOUS yesterday and today...Not to rub it in ;)
For the love, wisdom, and life.
You Mad tho? RT : Whats up with people saying "tho" after every sentence?
me cambie la foto del profile
& are at my table..I'm in good company!:)
Hah! Looks like fun. Thanks! “: prescription refill: ”
dont trust many...
what up
Odds are in favor of PHI +105 today
Here we go spurs basketball is showing up now #GoSpursGo!!!
oh never Hun
Your life is your life. Don’t let it be clubbed into dank submission. Be on the watch. There are ways out.
you're confusing me
I agree. All of my stalkers are wackadoodles.
"that was illegal..but I did it!" I have the best mom/role model ever ;)
Tired bored and horny....hell of a combo
On the bright side, it appears the rolling blackouts in Las Cruces are over for now, and the weather is warming up a tad.
Family Friendly Improv show here today! 4-5pm Nothing warms you up better than a good belly laugh and candy! INDYPROV see you soon
Yes, we do need to change that!!
sweet that's awesome that everything good with you just stay happy and ignore negatively always
I promise I won't be here forever..
omg radio announcers really gotta research shit before they say anything. jeezus
me too! I'll take you when ya turn 18. btw my phone's broke
totally aware. It's an amazing field of study.
Oh, check out my profile on Gaia? I updated it.
Finally heading to LV, hoping to get there before night time descends
well, now it's raining, so I won't complain :)
I will explain my absence upon arrival. Sorry! You're my first stop today as soon as I can get there.
«--- this is what extraordinary looks like
yay!!! That's awesome!
can you send/tweet the pic of the epic failures? Thanks again for including me in the session :)
You're welcome, Porter. Same to you!
Love u so much can u follow back plz;)xx
My nose right now <<< #lifesAbxtch!
Love your cakes! Always glad to see another Milwaukee area wedding business.
Dedication is simply reminding yourself what you want. Then paying the price to get it. Every day. -- John F. Groom
well turn it on tht channel lol
maybe in June or July. It's gonna be a busy spring for me. We need to figure out Milwaukee still
Maybe the baby will raise the average IQ of the cast when it arrives? :)
Interactive Mortgage Advisors, Denver, is selling a $226 million portfolio of bulk Fannie Mae servicing rights for an undisclosed client.
im down!! But its thru Facebook
just what we need in our lives, adding another meaningless bowl game
I wonder why Slow Down Chicago by isn't Chicago's anthem? Hey maybe you can help out with that? Haha.
#Maelstroms,#IreneAdler && #TellingFalseTime killed this show.
Hi Patricia: Charlotte here. Hope all is well with you. Didn't realize you too liked Pan Am. LOVE that show...
OK. i've styled my profile just the way I like it... oh and by the way: I'm close to 100 Tweets. Follow me evryone!!!!
Chan and MM..
Well that sucks. I'll keep my eyes open. Best of luck!
Lookin like a nice day. Probably play some laxater
So pumped!!!! Let's do this RT : The Philthy Cryers are about to get wrecked! #GoPens!
we discussed that same thing, compared to Vietnam and only remembering the black and white news coverage.
Cool! Likewise! :)
yep would love to see Cali but new Orleans is a big one I wanna see for sure
char from our winery, members not owners darn it lol
Really, what?
We will be closed Thanksgiving Day & Friday Morning. We'll re-open Friday at 6pm.
when and where? We will be out
Ok I can breath: inbox finally cleared out from the weekend, only took 4 hours.
“: Too Soon. -Gilbert Gottfried” nah I was drunk Amy for Halloween and to good reviews
First thing to do is to get rid of the crappy admins that are hiring the bad ones.
I love that I'm responses to my question about whether Spike, back in the 70s, watched DARK SHADOWS.
I really do hope nothing about you doesn't have to change
So does have the board of a public agency review your story in a giant PowerPoint mean you're doing something wrong or something right?
LOVE that cheesy Philly sports geek trick!
The best feeling is seeing the Mamba through the trees.. hello Worlds of Fun!
I felt an epic 'meh' after consuming one.
OKC ADVANCE! BYE DALLAS!
Watchin Tv, I Just Woke Up Tho ~_o So Yeah......I'm Good :)
God promises to bring good out of every circumstance, mistake, and tragedy. Sometimes you have to fail forward to see God's success thru you
Need assistance sticking to your resolution. Contact us at www.teamvic.com and we will help to keep you on track!
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
thank you!! Fantastic :)
Wishing Everybody A Safe Holiday.
I am giving a free ringtone to next 100 followers
Willie Nelson at The Belly Up on July 12th?! F yeah I wanna go!
I HAVE A HUGE CRUSH ON AND IM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU AND OBSESSED WITH U SO IT WOULD ROCK MY WORLD IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BACK <333(:
“: my family upsets me.......”same here
A lot of "good morning" and "long day, I'm tired" tweets....."Yeah, what he said"
RT : My favorite part of attending a marathon is watching the reaction of runners who grab my plastic cup of vodka
Im just excited for Boise to have a full Big East schedule than their out of conference games. Competitive game every week..
Try ZonePerfect. The Chocolate+Graham and Chocolate+PB are really good.
Check Human Rights Watch website for research on use of children as soldiers. Reality is much worse than the movie,
Mexican food. Yum.
can watch ncaa football on espn3 and the nfl on nbc.com at the same time, side by side
I ditched my dvd for a computer.
Teens Are Using a Growing Number of Online and Mobile Tools to Learn About ... - eNews Park Forest
I'm watching Hugo. No, HUgo. No, HUgo. OK, that might not work so well in written form.
every wwe fan should watch on youtube bc its funny (: ily austin charles lee flanagan 02/25/12 <3 tomorrow is our 1 month <3
Is this the #VMAs or some elaborate episode of Punk'd?? Who ARE any of these people?
Is it too early for my bracket to be busted?
They are 8,9,10 w/ special needs. I would love to check it out. Thank you!
Boom boom boom boom, I want you in my room [insert dancing face]
Last night, we saw a great #jazz show at the #Merc in #Temecula. #Sherry Williams was great. The best small venue in So.Cal
pretty girl ! Is there a game today?
Hey hows everything going with you?
How am I up so early I only slept 2 hours! Oh well guess I'll watch Pauly D Project and get this day started
why are you such a dork?!?! You keep making me love you more and more!!<U+2665>
#replacebandnameswithboobs the goo goo boobs
That's beyond unacceptable. But at least he's not Yadier, right?
WE JUST SOLD OUT OF ALL GRAND OPENING TICKETS! Can't wait to see you guys at the event.
We love the way music brings people together.
Going to sleep on that note.... Had 3 beers n that just messed up my buzz smh
I wish I skipped school yesterday to go to IOA.... Lololol <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
If people think I'm "discerning" (ie snob) now I had the weirdest fussiest tastes about EVERYTHING when I was a tyke
are they talking about you?
You stay in drama trying to piss someone off, lol that's your karma
Glad you found the strength to overcome your burning hatred for "choosing from a menu of options."
ewww, why is that?
Tnx for the follows and RTs!
Is there a difference between failing and being a failure? We'd like to hear from you!
did you write a piece recently for African Woman magazine by any chance?
Yes. MiniBük is a product of Access Laserpress--my company.
You rock.
The #B1G is off to a rough start, OSU better kick some butt to save face tonight.
Thanks for following me Lakers Raiders Dodgers Kings
Yellowstone is the best vacation I've ever been on.
I need the weekend.
He is. :] That little terd, teehee :]
that was funni
Thank you, just signed up on your site as well, hoping to be a featured artist sometime in the future. Keep up the great work
Everyone send positive lease-signing deposit-submitting vibes to and I for the next 24 hours PLZ
Congrats! You guys do GREAT work! :-)
oh my gosh, that's adorable
Hey Scientists: Please find a way to breed shrimp to naturally taste like garlic.
just playing. WKU cancelled our game against them tomorrow. I was looking forward to seeing my sister!
e-pink1cute picture!!
Sucha high tide today. I feel a storm...
sumthing has to be arranged were we can get jewel of an artist on the show VIA phone
Gretchen from Real Housewives of Orange County will be at SUITE MAY 13th plus special guest
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
I hope you love it Tara! Can't wait to see you on this season of True Blood! June 26th!!! Cheers!
Feeling Really Blessed Right Now. Thank you.
have informed coworkers that if I ever leave the room w/ my Sigg & don't return, I've prob thrown my back out replacing the water cooler jug
I'm curious what section, row and seat are you selling on stubhub???
Stop and try our Witty White Wheat, Hop on Top, Fire Light and many other local craft beers Fest! Cheers!
Rants? Our system, as you know is ultimately corrupt. Rants? Read the bio. Look at achievement. He came from NOTHING!
#whyareyou talkin to me we not cool
Need breakfast fast? Check out our VIP special at the Bakehouse--$2 egg sandwiches all day today! plz rt
“: That's why you never count on the Lakers for anything” exactly!
If you promote "yourself"," your company,"" blog," whatever with a # (not a URL) while tweeting the death of someone... You're an asshole.
Thank God for another day for livin
Bout to drink some of this 151
Some of the artist I love now are underground from different areas. Thanks for the emails. Much Love & Peace to the
We would love to serve, we are the only certified producer of Certified Digital Master Prints.
I’m not a girl’s toy. I’m not. Why do you guys keep saying that? –Ken
About damn time my phone lets me log in to twitter!
i'd like to invite you to join my professional network, lickedin.
Wth is up with evry rap artist singing these days. If you can't sing then don't even try smh
Try Greenbush Brewing Co.'s beer with Jo Snow Woodruff syrup at Baconfest Chicago! That is something to cheer about!
Opportunism COMBINED with idealism? Ever hear of "The Third Stonecutter"?
Chinese food. >>>>
All New Sundays @ Cabo Grill (7711 Gilbeau) No Cover great specials
i will never be weak .
Thanksgiving is almost over... Bring on Christmas! Love playing holiday music!!
Up this early watching Live From The Players on Jjrc, sorry it's hard to type with my glove on.
let me check on how many we have, so far I know we have them.
have a great gig!
it's yours
i have to be ur friend whats ur name ??
I need your advice. My "Forch on Your Porch" community chats at locally owned bars/cafes in every Seattle 'hood are still going strong.(1/2)
You almost had to cut your hair!
Instagram hurts my head:(
Things are good! Spring weather and farmers markets are opening. Next time you are in town, let me know! : )
Northwest Company 50-Inch by 60-Inch Printed Fleece, SpongeBob ...
I still got it for ya'.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Andre Gide
If you'd like to help w/ translations, we can look at including Finnish. Please send support@ an email for more details, thanks!
Mayor is doing OK!Just being treated for smoke inhalation. Came home to find house next door on fire.He was able 2 get everyone out.
also, we've decided on Durham. Any help you could offer on making job or other connections for my wife are much appreciated.
Hey you still interested in the live tracks? Just send a PM with the email you want to use and we can send them. Thanks!
yes I'm on. Lmao
SOME Judgments are preferred over others!!! I like a lot of your judgments here, Kristin! Possibly over 50%!
Good morning.....say hello to a stranger
Tuesday: from the latin meaning "like Monday, but duller".
Austin prob isnt tweeting because of all the drama with keyra! Just leave them alone about it. When they want to talk about it, they will<33
Don't do it. The Knot is the devil.
My neighbor White as rice tryin to gang bang out here, he bout 32 goin Hulk hands on his ol Dad ova sme damn wash towels! #niggaplease lol
They are amazing, but it still won't be the same without MJ. Joe was right-can't go a day without hearing one of his songs.
who is Jody Arias?
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 9
This competition is certainly not as easy one with it's ups and downs every week. Find out what Donna is struggling with....
Good morning all.. It is just too cold outside to function!
I did. I went to ACME over lunch and it made me wonder.
I'm goin' back to waves... Word to yo daddy leather sandals...
#ru4real my birthday in 5 days
Finally, the #B1G just got on level playing field w/ 12 teams & the #SEC goes to 14. Hard to make an apples to apple comparison.
That's so strange! Sometimes technology is dumb!
Happy Wednesday and Hump Day to all!
Thank you, sir, for your support and your service.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 49
thanks for letting me know maybe another time.
The one thing I gotta say though is that censorship is coming in a whole lot harsher at the collections level...
Lying again huh?
thanks for following Packrads, look forward to learning more about your business.
decisions decisions, bigger nicer spot for more $, or smaller in better location?
let me know if there is a recipe I should try
can't get the muppet babies theme song out of my head. ,,,^..^,,,
I'm so hungry!
it sucks when mother nature doesnt want to play nice for a golf day!
Survive and advance, yo. Drawing UConn as a 9 in yer conf tourney is tough. We'll take that.
Harper didnt touch 1st accord. to 1b Ump OUT on appeal
#dead! Not Topanga tho lmaoooo RT look like she did what lil kim did to hers. Now Topanga is OFFICIALLY badder
RT : Jeff Selingo's commentary in Chronicle offers students' thoughts re #highered innovation. Don't forget parents too. /Ditto
Rio stepped up, but couldn't make up for Wade's no show. 2-13, 5 TOs. Damn B...
I'm pretty sure is only avail in the US. Being that I'm not in the UK, I'm not sure what the best options are over there.
I know the feeling well :-) RT thx for the follow:) man I can't wait for my new archie to come in the mail
thanks for the complements! That means a lot...if there's a way we can work together in the future let me know.
aye we will see though
DailyHookahTip#98: Don't tape the hose to the outlets.If someone tugs the hose whiled taped,the hookah will tip.Invest in a new grommet.
no doubt
Didn't know about this project though; glad you tweeted!
That cover reminds me: has anyone ever found the legendary Gene Colan hand-on-a-doorknob illustration? Or is it apocryphal?
She ducked as I took the pic. Sorry!
and I do want you to go with me to get my eyebrow down when I gather the guts!
Thanks for the quotation from Tagore.
Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path. Psalm 119:105,
I know! Lol. The co co pop was divine. I tried it all of ur suggested ways.
Stan's wealthy patron: "From the rear, Mrs Bradford Harrington looked like a little girl but, Christ, what a crow when you see her head-on."
just dusted off my eye patch for
hey its carey minaj and you have a blazin profile pic and im single and you sexy so hit me up:-) :-)
just had a margarita with grain alcohol
someone come visit me
I want Heath Shuler. RT : we are going to give you a jersey on us of your favorite team and player to claim go to
Hmm. Hope that means good things!
thanks for recommending girlsmemory. it helps!
Dangit - my ankle is getting all swollen.
Haha I fucking love Tyler The Creator , thats baby daddy right thuurrrr .
Good so far how's its hanging on your end what's new!!!!
Just saw a cop texting while she was driving.
Happy #friday!!! Fun weekend ahead.
#BoredtoDeath in study hall
I think of my twitter followers as actual people - so a pretty steady 300-and-change seems like a lot to me. :)
What do you think will be doing in the next year? (: (tweet me)
#Shoutout to !! Follow Back!?.
of course on raincheck. Have fun at conference Cori. Sent you invite.
It was great meeting Chinese customers on the trip. They have $ and are willing to spend it on internet marketing training materials.
I know! I *literally* could not stop the sound from escaping. That's how cute they were, the little buggers.
I left you a voicemail the other day regarding our event, I was wondering if you had received it?
Yay! Javy Guerra is no longer the Dodgers closer <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>. Sorry your man sucks!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Hate me
Going to bed early. Good night
Enough of this #CallMeMaybe stuff, just meet me at the bar for a shot!!!
We're here at Tuesday Blend Project at Hard Rock Cafe. It's getting packed! Great vibe <3
This is not a coincidence And far more than a lucky chance But what is that was always meant Is our ribbon in the sky for our love, love
Thanks to for following VSU Archives too!
just getting around to trying the rye stout homebrew. It actually IS good. This surprises the hell outta me.
I'm no ones superman. I'm Slade. That's all.
Okay. Me jealous. I loves the mini putt putt
dodge charger is a sick ass car
I love you quis (:
hacking is mean :( sorry for the spam! and thanks to those who let me know.
I'll be in Fay this summer!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
Well, NY Mayor Bloomberg & NYPD like to be shady assholes & FORCE protesters out in the middle of the night. FUCK THEM!
officialy follows you!
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant in Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
Yay i got a new follower ^_^
Never, Never be afraid to do what's right! Martin Luther King Jr.
Haha, why thank you. :) way to kick my teams ass. lol.
Congrats to Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Pres. of Liberia, co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize! Check out VIA's programs in Liberia at our site!
i must have been the manager in that dream then!
Ia short strategy in bull markets makes money. One in the bear rakes it in. Fast and furious. Always have the next trade ready
wait wit…what's ONIKA?!?
Can't call it a relationship if you feel single
I'm in Vegas ya'll... Just landed... Smooth flight... Pilot was an artist... Local time 8:50pm... Local weather 72 degrees!
Thanks guys. Heading out now. It's mom.
. Thanks for being willing to help me out on that Playboy magazine thing with Jennifer. My charm took care of it though.
" stop no don't touch me there, this is my no no square" what the hell is that from?!?!?!?!!! I can't remember !!
't look like a bad place to be stranded! Look at the bright side...no one is expecting you anywhere :)
trend it without hashtag! :) Get Austin Mahone Verified
The law firm hits the nati... rather have ced ben
Thunder storm in SF! Cozy. Dog hates it.
Thinking of making a fruit tart .
yea it sucks, but thank!(: I really like pink and purple(: haha
Eagles trade with Sehawks and select Fletcher Cox
but did they assemble???
RT : Hope to see you Friday.
This gorgeous girl was being a huge cunt at the store to the cashier. Why did this make me want to get her digits? Must be brainwashed.
Got my drama exam tomorrow :// having my hair down the first time since forever
THIS I gotta see. What time should I tune in?
Excited to see all my new and old friends from at the high ball this week!
Visit the mall on the South Side. You'll see people wearing just whatever. PJ's in public. Sure. Saves money.
Hi Carlos... . Hahaha - that's good! :) Mike
Ha! Sneaky.
...was disrupted, but I stand by my defense. I know it wasn't as dark as the book, but Gene Wilder made that flick. The 70s version wins.
#CelebApprentice agree. Everyone's favourite mum is Patty
*Guy begs 4 $ on the side of the road* Brother:He's not even homeless.He doesn't have any dirt on his face.Poor ppl have dirt on their faces
OMG and I are listening to CyrusChestnut at the
Respect for Ruben Amaro, though. He did everything he could to get his organization a championship
I do that all the time....sucks when you're phone actually rings though and you get busted
Austins adorkable. We all know it and can't deny this fact.
wanna play after the game?
I hear is the new million dollar baby
#3day First stop DONE!
Congrats to #SFGiant Buster Posey and his wife Kristen on their new twins, Lee Dempsey and Addison Lyn, born yesterday (14 August 2011).
They are a wonderfully strange bunch. Cardozo had an explicit no recording policy. I don't remembr whthr we had a note policy
No lunch is complete without Jimmy Jonhs, what's your favorite sandwich from them?
The NFL wouldn't be fair if we could do that.lol
LOL :) Keep going Dave!!!!
this will happen. I don't mind calling UwbKalsjxowns
how's you're walk going.
Paper based on my #AAM2012 presentation due soon in Fordham IP...Law Review. Thanks!
we broke it down last night.
What should I do in my last days of being 29? Already scheduled a massage. ;)
beautiful baby!
I've been in this office since 7:45am. And I feel wide awake and refreshed. I think I'll go to bed at 9pm again tonight haha
no, but his sled is clearly a time machine
we need to hang out!
im just watching keeping up with the kardashians i love
Happy birthday Jesus!
Glad to see Marty Turco is fitting in nicely. Looks like he is buying into the #Bruins system
not sure yet (:
hey which is your fav. group band? :)
Apparently my older sis is on tour. What?
Obama: Today we're setting a new target: help 6 million people get treatment by end of 2013.
I thought of both of you while I ate my banana, Devi...did you share your banana again?
OMG LONDON!<3
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 243
16 Candles will start at 11pm. We won't put 16 Candles on the wheel though...
Wow. Congrats to Norfolk State. They played a great game.
aroooooo!! Lucky you!
Ain't Guna lie , I'm in love with Yelawolf n his music <3
no. Plenty of space to do that outside.
"Today, I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black, I tell a nigga all those flows are borrowed, it’s the phar-oh, Three Stacks”
No, that's crazy talk...Moore's not even in my top 20 this week, Newton remains a top 10 play against a week TBB d
worst foodie hipster ever
there is a good reason I remember the exact date I met you hahah
In just a few hours I will be crossing off one of the items on my bucket list. Super stoked!
I'm good. Congratulations! How did it go?
fuck star wars day. Today is MCA day.
THANK YOU Delivery Volunteers!!!!
Chillin with my peps in good old Lincoln Life #LoveLifeEnjoyIt :)
No faith in Suisham.
#Walrusball RT: Gimmicks. Trickery. Possibly some Sorcery. Not a fan.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely. ~ Anonymous
I thought tricks were for kids? :)
Happy Christmas! xoxox
oh no!
We love Lima Family Farms... And their Eggs!
Hey babes!! I'm tweeting once again! And I'm laying right next to you :P
I listen to that like every day ! haha <3
Up early and don't feel good.
trust in the sense of: data safe on disk? Or something else?
Don't no body go in that bathroom for, 30-45 minutes.
RT : RT : It's National #SafeKidsWeek! Here are tips on how to keep your family safe as the weather warms up:...
Changing the English language 1 ride @ a time RT Loving My wife now uses it as a verb asking me to "Uber it for dinner"
pretty sure i just paid extra for a side of type 2 diabetes... at Five Guys.
Take off every car, for great justice. RT : ALL YOUR CARS ARE BELONG TO US!
Watching 90210. Brandon just said a girl was beautiful in "an organic way. Like Deborah Winger."
so proud of the boys!!! state bound again!!
well, he was going to be cut. So instead of just cap space, they get a 7th rounder, too.
i cant wait for the albam #believe to come out! I think we all can
They are fast. And in control.
Finished editing another #wedding. Now getting ready to go on a video shoot.
GOOD LUCK!<U+2665>
Pretty sure u aren't supposed 2 call someone & tell them your at their door to serve them w/ court papers
"we are heros" Won in "americas best dance crew" Yeii : )
Click, capture, cite, export, save time
#crazierstuffhashappened: is the real?
it's not my fault the iphone autocorrects :(
Gonna go get my eyebrows done :P
Um, wow. He can keep that history lesson.
love me some BEVJ! So happy you stopped in!! Xx Gladys
USA! USA! After game comedy filth at www.freekshowradio.com
Great work!!
It's a great day to help someone, to be a blessing and be blessed!
Time to pull out the Moka pot for a good espresso!
my pleasure Cindy.
RT : Could you please RT #ATB for a young man who lost battle with cancer this weekend in Kansas City?
lets look for a solution and not the tag line..why are women in this position Obama
And also with you, young Padawan.
haha yepp its.morining now and im geting ready for school(: what time is it over there?(:
k thanks
I wonder if people say they shd stop stealing homes from people using HAMP in their own interest vs homeowner to do so.
Polk describing the use of chaplains during WWII to encourage soldiers to choose faith over fear and blend patriotism w/ religion.
Can't wait to get to heaven and hear all the things I did right. Tired of hearing from everyone all things I'm doing wrong right now
I agree!
Emmy Award winner Steve Thomas joins Habitat for Humanity in nationwide building effort
holy shit prom is today
god we are killin it on draw something
Haven't seen Avengers yet, but anything with Scarlett Johansson can't be all bad.
#first40songsonshuffle #7 Loser Like Me - Glee Cast
An LA trip? Now that would be fun! Wouldn't it? Let me know! I'll be your tour guide. I'm an original L.A. Valley Dude. LOL!
DARK PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE!
oh excellent choice! I'm sure your mom will love it :-)
easier to recycle?
Kadgerinakatenina of the antibody Of sampler Of kit contains reagents for studying total protein from the key proteins of the :-)
didn't make me believe in myself, she just showed me how beautiful life can be once you do.
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! .,_.
Those aren't Paul's gay cats are they?
The end of terrorism? Really?
Watching "Mission : Impossible 3" again. As much as I love De Palma's original, Abrams' second sequel is the coolest of the trio.
No, it's the absolute best thing you can ever do.
S/O 2 #NF thanks for the follow
Awesome :D
lmao! Maybe you'll have better luck than me! Twit pic it! Lmao
Tool a cool dip in the freezing Atlantic ocean today!! Love vacation...
8 Mile reference on #JerseyShore tonight. Anyone catch it?
really?! Already! Ha
This is my 1000th tweet.
sure! wait, april fools, again
: Blazers say #Cacao to the Lakers!
I'm watching a movie where a guys last name is McKenna. (sigh) oh :)
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. - Ray Kroc
lmao hell naw she will be mad
Yes, right now we are in the process of recording our new DEMO. Fuck it! we might make it a whole Album \m/
I keep missing you on here. I DMed you my email address. Excited about the event - hope to hear from you soon!
Hi Frank! Thanks for the follow <U+263A>
Oh so blue!
No man ever fails until he fails on the inside.Harold W Ruopp.
Dave thanks for the RT!!
what's good fam did you get to checkout that track I emailed to you
by trauma, I mean physical, emotional, mental psychological harm done to a person -- the situation that created the
TMI May is a weird promotion.
Have you seen the snl Downton Abbey sketch using footage from the actual show? It's actually pretty funny
Math is awesome when is here
Today OWL showed me how to light a pickle in fire!
I like a guy and i think he likes me, i turn around for one minute, and he finds someone else
Wow, great find! It's sad that our culture sees art as leisure and not as meaningful and valuable work.
#5 The real problem is we are being desensitized to fake food. The processed food we eat isn't real and our bodies know it.
v MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
Avoid avoidance!!! It'll add years to your life!!
I hope everyone has a nice lunch!
Kids were out in a street and throwing rocks, in Portales. A man was chasing another man and holding a bat. Two others were fighting.
Come to for $3 bud/coors lt drafts and $4 bottles till 7 then enjoy rooting on the #NYRANGERS at 7:30!! Come Bounce with us!
You should check out a newer season with Ten. They're a little more accessible. If nothing else, watch the episode Blink.
Just started a painting. At 11 o’clock. On a Tuesday. That won’t backfire.
is the coolest #Brown since the 90's let's get Clairborne and build a D like the rest of the AFC North
Never confuse... comfort with happiness... wealth with success... age with maturity... an apology with an excuse.
I sounded good huh
I want to be famuse just like u one day... Ur my role model
i bet you the Somebody to Love music video will be ahhmazing lovee. <3 :D
Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives. ~William Dement (via )
better yet! You and Carol should come over for dinner.
The copywriting is exquisite: "They'll think it is just a cane until it is too late!"
I need a manager
thanks for helping the world :)
": McKinsey estimates potential of Medical Travel at 190 billion $$ per year #ciht11" We need to look at employer direct hc
I AM LEGEND. I am predestined for greatness.
The things which are impossible with men are possible with God. ~Luke 18:27
Where children are, there is the golden age.
Tasty Thursdays at Marion St. #Garden-tonight we make snow pea stir fry w brown rice. Come celebrate the #harvest w us!
cool Lmk if you need to cancel
ok let's compare bellos will be just as tough
wow! I love her!
But the fact that tweeted me today!!!
You mean my friend can.
Glad to hear it. It's been fun hearing from folks that were actually at the shoot.
I dont care if you hate country, you have to love that song!
Damn you need tto do better
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help out. It was great talking with the students.
Wow! I've been added to a lot of twitter lists! I have to get my own lists in order! I never update my lists! Thanks to all who added me!
Headed south to celebrate a friend's graduation from ISU this weekend.. Looks like im gunna HAVE to try to have a good time ;)
Whoa, didn't even realize that they got Butler too (earlier this month). Wow. The A-10 is lethal!
amazed to see brazilian beaty in washington DC talking about I'a am doer
Mayz KY map post index city demographics weather forecasts and the index of search Mayz KY of local weather conditio :-)
Pitbull, Mastiff, and Boxer they don't know but aperently it don't matter..Guilty, Guilty, Guilty
Dont waste your time on me.
#CoralReefNeeds a sorting hat to separate the bitches, from the real niggas..
Fields at SG is the worst joke in the NBA RT : Amare Stoudemire will start, Woodson said. Landry will start at SG.
Wonderful to see you, at the GMU conference on youth aging out of #fostercare today. You're a great champion for #VA's kids!
It is totally asinine to give a game a 0 rating on metacritic. I mean did it give you a brain turmor or epileptic fit?
That is definitely a "fat guy" appliance. Moo-moos and piano case coffins would be the next logical steps. Don't do it.
Looking for good Bulgarian food in Chicago? You may be in for a trek. Was recommended Serdika Cafe at 9439 W Irving Park (Schiller Park).
Towels work fine, but the t-shirt neck hole around the face is the latest technology
Wisconsin *will* lead way no matter what w/Walker recall. But will WI lead US out of RW darkness--or deeper into it?
Taco Bell or McDonalds..Both of them hoes are literally across the street
I will when I get by a computer
hey, i hate my feet.
#fenway100 In honor of Fenway Park's 100th birthday... Everything Red SOX is cleaned for FREE today
DID SOMETHING REAL DUMB TODAY.....CAN I DEPEND ON YOU FOR ADVICE??/
I'm going to be keeping you all up-to-date on happenings that I find important. Follow my blog. You'll enjoy the ride.
I need to get more people to follow me on twitter .. help me okay
just heard this on NPR - very interesting!
Given conflicting initial reports on #Afghan shooting, r are q's on whether there were multiple shooters. Hope more info is revealed
catching up on a week of blogging
Ughh, I ate vegetables. I think my body is rejecting it. Does Beano work on Broccoli gas or just beans?
Something is going on!! My live is kinda taking a twist this week & I'm LOOOVVVING it!! WOOHOOOO!!!! YES ~ YES ~ YES!! :)
Why it take years before a poker pro realized/said this? RT I'm going to assume nobody cares how many chips someone has on day 1
After getting lost in Back Bay with my cab driver, listening to Jay-z & him giving me a discount for getting lost, I'd say he made my night
Hella my followers PHONEY as hell.. But my mouth is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Thanks to programming partner for making all events spectacular.
met Jayboy tonight parking cars on sunset(cross from roxy) he said you gave a $20 tip, you deserve all the good bro 4 reals :)
Just found out that my single #laiditdown has entered on the 200 Billboard Gospel chart #didntknowthat grateful for everything :)
Good morning :)
My pleasure Ruthie, thanks to you for been here :)
That's great, glad you're enjoying life!
It will be ok. I'm sure u will get to meet him again & I'm sure he will remember the message. He is a very caring person!!
I loved Selena's dress it was just. i can't even.
Who the fuck is Jacob Bell?
good morning all.hope everyone is having a good day.peace and love. www.reverbnation.com/samthompson
Well you're in luck... because we already recorded it :) Should be out in a week or two!!
WOW! This iOS 5 software update is the Business! U may be gone but your work & vision shall live on! STEVE, great JOB. :-)
ok boss, I see you! hire me...
stood her ground about Lou. I was waiting for him to turn into the hulk! Watch out for LL!
If you are a young guy living in America, can I be your illegal bride? I just need to be in America.
#tellmewhy phineas and ferb have been on summer vacation for 3 years...
Eh man maybe if me and Dan weren't so fat you wouldn't have crashed lol.
hahaahha..u and ur bf should celebrating here too.
Oh god, I thought that would be an exaggeration.Hopefully they have to go through some sort of interview to get in.
so fun seeing you at sushi! Keep rocking those aldo booties <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
thanks for following my blog!
excuse me con I'm sorry...porq tu dices eso?
I'm wearing my torts shorts for the next 30 hours.
Daammmnn, you're on a role tonight, aren't you?(;
Aw, thanks. :) it's about confirming plans for tomorrow night though lol I'm supposed to go camping with Josh but he won't text!
Ahaa we'll think about it !!
I miss bmx ;(
How many kids do you want?
Lmao! Billy Crystal is a fool..
Of the fights being planned for CFA 07, which one are you looking forward to?
you and should record these sessions! it'll be like the Chapel cd =)
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."
I really want a Derrick fisher number 37 thunder jersey
Broadcast jobs - meet with over 40 recruiters from and more
WF Bank often denies out-of-town charges. "Together We'll Go Far"? Ha! More like "Better Not Go Too Far!"
Criticism, out of Wayne State, is good. That's the only one that comes to mind.
My pizza was pose to be here at 7:13?&. It's 7:18 tf bitch come on
Everyone is getting ready for the #ClearedJobFair First the career seminar "Resume Tips & Tricks" #security clearance
Man,I am just so happy to be home. For the first time in a long time I just feel like everything's gonna be alright.
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Hint. Union Rags is the pick. He's the favorite to win Triple Crown.
Heroes r alwayz remembered but legends always live in our heartz
What complications have you been experiencing with Camtasia? We'd love to help you
This is an oatmeal kind of morning.
Maybe Forgive and Forget :)
“ u deserve to be a bum!”} So a bum it is for today lol
You can't change anyone, but someone could change because of you
I don't care how rich you are, you should never wear crocks. Ever.
I tried Tropical Smoothie Cafe for lunch. Hello, diabetic coma. Sheesh!
I will rip your balls off. You don't even know
oh my gosh, the wording on that diner sign gives me the creeps. cue: spooky music.
How'd you feel hearing your song on the radio for the first time?
Stupid challenge rules.
Almost time for wedsnday church. :/
And wow. I wrote hire rather than higher. I am losing it!
Thank you Shema :) YES-what time are you going? I can't wait to see you.
aww you have a phone
Spoiled with this weather
oh! Is that what I feel all the time?
I didn't feel like going
We're stuck outside the fence, but we'll be rollin' deep with the all-star spirit! Let's go East!!
congrats! I think that award means more than any other kind!
Bad Love Affair John Lee Hooker Jr. Tomorrow Night at the El Rey Theater don't miss it!
Yet most of the 'big names' embraced by the art world are white men from comfortable social backgrounds.
Heidi, Thanks so much for mention! Susan
It just hurts 2 know i'll never b gud enough 4 u I'll never get my place bck. I just have 2 accept da fact dat i'll always b LAST CHAIR...
Data mining conference: good place to pick up disgruntled or bored geeks to do data cleaning for you?
aw im sorry :/ ur not a loser
Yes! An evening constitutional, with beer.
wha???? Mexico? What is this all about?
You can do it...take the first step!
We are open until 12:30 PM today at 125 Fleet Street, Scottsville.
I just want some banana pudding
Madden 13 ain't gonna be no different than last years Madden... NFL2k5 is and still da Best Football Game ever made
We hope our coffee plays a part in your enjoyment this weekend. Have a great one everyone!
thank you so much!!!! Hope you get all your work done
Ruling on Transformers: Too many robots. Too much George Lucas-esque tomfoolery. Still beats Terminator Salvation hands down.
Summer nights >>>>>
Failure is the chance to begin again, more intelligently.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ The old believe everything the middle-aged suspect everything the young know everything.
RT Congrats to on getting your MBA!!
Stupid freaking Flubs. Worst franchise in sports history...smh
Thank you for the RT!! Have a wonderful evening!!
is always chomping at e bit to try new things, but remembers that priority is student learning.
Gotta love my city #Houston !
That awkward moment when you're talking about someone and they're right behind you.
Nice speaking again last night @ iStandard. You mentioned getting me some contact info to pitch you a few Dave The King tracks..
Dirty dance into the moonlight :D
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for sharing this post. Lesson learned.
RT : i agree - SM has turned aqauintences/contacts into "friends". Not accurate in my mind
Looking for a quiet place to workout? Look no further than ! We are located right inside
RT If you laid every Twilight fan end to end around the world, a lot of them would drown, get run over or eaten by lions.
“: Pablo told "Y.O.L.M."” YOU ONLY LOVE MILKSHAKES LMFAO
Thanks! Hope you have a great weekend as well.
im watching the first 48 and sometimes it be maken me mad as hell...somebody always dien that aint have shit to do wit it smh
i sent you that song. but accidentally sent it twice. lol. one has the song and one dont. let me know what you think.
Carolina said Spike cant be tamed
aw you are SO SWEET thank you!!
um, yes i know this, its still a quote.
Just got back from school and it was fun as F
Just bought "Managing IOS Devices With Lion Server" by Also author of Lion Server Essentials - great book 4 ACTC certification
“: If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts.”
Heat on in the house? Something is rotten in the state of North Carolina. I moved here for the fine weather, damn it.
teach me how to dougie. :D
You are welcome- thank you both for coming. Great to meet Ed- he's working on being a great chef!
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling. 698 calories burned.
How many systems/passwords do you have to remember? 102 here, and I'm sure there are more that I haven't recorded.
f...ing wow
"The only thing I'm missing is enough money and my court dates." -- Slim Dunkin
Right Eli is terrible, he only throws 10 yd passes all day, he is a clone of Kyle Orton!
#MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it? Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a $1 #Bartab drink before?
Almost time for Secret Circle !!!!!
I tell my wife, "I don't like to take my work home with me". May change once we have homeowner stuff to do
I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster.
Had a fun time at my aunts cookout :)
I get no type of love on my phone.
When this boy meets world, boy meets world. Wandering down this road that we call life is what we're doing.
are you scared or something, nervous? Lol it's just hair. Lol
Saw those on FB looked nice!
that eoc gave me a freaking huge headache
ah that makes sounds like Erica. Well tell her she missed out on my massage!
Do people still say Real Talk?
You see lady who doesn't want to check her bag, I already checked my bag, I'm 6'4", and this space under the seat in front is for my feet.
Business needs to come from the heart says
Can you recommend a cafe?
Last show of the tour, too. Not sure if that's good or bad!
- did yahoo purchase British Airways? ;)
Make way 4 the 4th wave! RT : My daughter was a kid then.Now she's a 2nd yr @ Occidental.I'm sure she'd luv ...
Digging into the CSS today. It feels oddly good.
“: My titties smell like orange chicken.”
Okay...now I want to download that one!
Thank you, love. I know I need to be more careful. I am a challenged creature these days. :( See you tomorrow!! xo
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 65F Fair: 65F Fair
"somebody hold me!" HAHAH so realistic. and that cough? genious.
Tipsy Tuesday Ladies Night at Crisp! Free Martinis for the Ladies and 2 for 1 everythings! Thanks to !
"No God-No Peace... Know God-Know Peace."
This bitch at T-Mobile's voice made me wanna scrape my ear across concrete
"If you always complain about bad drivers on the road.ur probably the bad driver." Yes! I like Pt ur finger, 3 r pting back!
I have officially signed up for my first class. I am excited about it.
in your dreams lol
Yea, quiet semi-controlled chaos.
Big thanks to Melissa for giving our new song "Right On" it's first spin on the radio! It is truly appreciated.
doesn't that only apply when the mortgage is backed by Fannie or Freddie? (i.e. Government owned company)
Risk impacts decisions, the outsider is at a disadvantage, decisions must be realistic / reassessed every 12 months.
#Seau and now
Until yesterday, Alex & Peyton had the same agent!
Just read an exciting new script!!
Excellent conversation today w/Air Force coach...really enjoyed hearing that. Thanks for having him on your show!
Tonight: A Party For Drinking, hosted by and her housemates. Day two of the #sorryliver weekend.
"Tommy" closing! I'll miss rocking out...
lol what does that mean
Of course they give it young..
I think Ole Boy from Siena played for my middle school, and he looks exactly the same LOL. That guy looks like a 12 year old!!!
We chill and ball till we fall @ my house. Kiiki you invited... lol
Thats what all the fucked up children say 0.o
Wow only 48! R.I.P Whitney Houston.
if you could RT the last message, that would be awesome. We're trying to raise awareness and help as much as we can. Thx!
How Merlot can you go?
Saw show. Iv-7 Germ Defense 1st EPA appr 30 yrs; anti- bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral..Unlimited uses..So safe can spray in mouth
I misspelled forehead...
Surreal pottery inspired by dali
If you move texts and syllabi to electronic, we need good annotation apps.
RT Louie: The Shatika people-group have never read the Bible in language of their heart, because there isn't one.
whenever i see (: i see a bald guy peaking his head out, not a backwards smiley face
“: I love being the big spoon! #shitnoonesays” I'm always the big spoon :/
Congrats on your KPMG win! Could y'all help us fix capital formation for small biz in America?
thanks girl.. Good times.. And the moon was bright!! :)
Whatever, still proud to be an #Aztec!!!
Kill the lights, these children learn from cigarette burns fast cars fast women and cheap drinks <3
I Chooked ON Air O.o
Bored out of my mind
the stupid page (in this day and age) needs flash, which is why we see a blank page.
gosh y'all make me sad to be busy.
According to (whatever that is) I've been on twitter for four years today. Wow.
Not sure, but I feel most problems can be traced back to all the outside/lobbyist money in politics.
will be sitting front row in Boston :)
Takis is God
As new cowboys return, others leave #cowboyinjuries #tanner #demarco hopefully Felix keeps this up
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ill await your following button press!!!!!! <3 you better press it...haha i aint wishing for no reason -__-
Maybe Garcia could pitch better if his clothes fit.
People dont just talk to becausee of Louis, Leave her alone unless you actually want to get to knoww herr .
Well Duh! They don't wanna offend THEE.
both/and
Damn chocolate festival...I can't believe people are paying for all of this stuff.
As for how it affects tenure... Not sure. Certainly can't replace usual tenure measures - yet anyway. Value add?
Telling someone why you love them is like trying to explain what water tastes like.
I need somebody, somebody crazy enough to tell me. I will love you till we, till we are buried. Our bodies, our bodies buried close together
great pic..beautiful!
miss you too. May 2nd! Ny here I come
MT : Voter fraud in WI 0.0002%. Same % as people who die from dog bite. #VoterID = voter suppression.
U:Don on the Ave.
Happy Monday! -RT- : A trip to to end a long work day and properly start the evening.
Bourbon-pecan pie w/ seemed like a good idea at the time. #sugarbuzz Looking forward to advisory board mtg at Emory's DiSC tomorrow.
I appreciate YOUR music:)
Honestly you guys their break up is none of our business and frankly we shouldn't be focusing on rumors cause that's what this whole (c)
Blame Will! If u don't want it, Rhonda will eat it.“: Who left their demon cake in the studio?”
Time to talk football with #Dolphins receiver Marlon Moore on the show.
Out to dinner with at Primo! in Sarasota.
Do you have a specific Interest List you'd like to see us add? Please let us know using the #FollowEDUinterest hashtag.
that's at least 4 shots for you! ;)
i almost have 500 followers .. someone HELP ya girl out. pwease witha cherry on top ;D
Moving on is easy but what you leave behind is what makes it hard.
Hi guys! Good luck at NYU this weekend! RT : Hey , we need more followers!!! How about a RT?
Thank you so much Aeicha!
should prolly stop smoking sometime soon
At The Jaklitsch Law Group, our personal injury lawyers have more than 60 years combined legal experience serving clients in MD, VA & DC.
follow me or kidnap you? no, I am of those you never would do that, you just kiss
What are your plans for Black Friday? Do you have a strategy?
oh you hush pretty girl. College makes my life nonexistent. I still love you though <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
LES was pretty grim in the 70's.I haven't watched tonight's episode yet but unless it involves heroin...
Welcome & thanks The idea exchange is welcome.
Christmas party later...
My fireman is in route :)
THINKING WHY POSH WAS OFF THE HOOK LAST NIGHT....MAN
I live in a party zone. But Sunday night? :-/
I know! far too much to talk about... I'm totally overwhelmed :) I went through a phase where Volume IV was all I listened to
EFF YOU INSOMNIA.
SoleSlam on the 20th ? I must buy BC 3s....
Brunch today! Don't forget we will be closed Sunday & Monday for Labor Day.
Wow not 1 person unfollowed me after my spamming.. Sorry about that .. Lol <3 u all
bye's
On my lunch break I snuck out to finish listening to HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF_BLOOD PRINCE.
Thank you blood orange margarita is amazing! Helps relieve
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
Buy tickets to our upcoming shows here: www.collaterallive.com
GO FOLLOW & LET HIM KNOW SENT YOU !
Bitch please.
lol the kids in my family are just as bad as their parents. There is no safe zone! It's bad!! Lol
I don't really get allergies (knock wood) but I've got enough mucus here to flood a small Midwestern town.
Printed my board passes... Now to pack...
Good point; I should have given my daughter equal time. She is indeed cute, too. ;^)
haha I see you have found the lovely chat roulette! it's a crazy world we live in!
Fifteen years ago, no company like an industrial company like Colt could imagine that everybody has to have a website now, says Gertie
let me teach yu somethin that cant be taught in school dnt worry yu still can use ur head baby lets take a stroll if ur tired use my legs
RT Unfollowing people makes a good anger management exercise.
Hey everyone, help us welcome who joined us as PT Publicist this week!
I wish i could trade my heart for another liver so i could drink more and care less.
Today is the 25th anniversary of Farm Aid and I was there. www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html
I would but your not at
One Crazy Summer = One Awesome Movie
i<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>Slovenians I'm one too! My grandpa is in a polka band lol
I sure hope this nutrisystem lunch bar thing is filling. -_-
RT Help free the reindeer from sleighvery.
just was v.i.p with mayweather BIG
I get annoyed easy.
To no one's delight.
I hate the fact that the freshmen got the day off. Like wtf? Make them test or sumthing. Why make the seniors do community service? -.- smh
I really really really like that song:) <3
Hello again! PM me RE: shooting!
dont think b/c you are a lib no one will try to hack you. libs generally have seatbelts but not forcefields
Just redesigned my site. What do you think? Not sure how I feel about it yet! I really like the logo :) Let me know what you think!
Decepticons in the workplace...
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
I needed 2 get a convo started regarding the meaning behind 's "So Im 7/3 help clear my eyes." Its very cryptic & new age
There's. Sleep Country Canada, too. Are there Sleep Countries in every country on earth?
If you could have any piece of art from history what would it be?
What is your favorite barrio in #Madrid and why?
It is a pizza kind of night, try our new NY white pie with ricotta, mozzarella fior di latte and thyme
Quote of the game by Pierre McGuire on sick Holtby save, "Don't try that at home or you'll end up in emergency room."
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked I'm on my period.some woman just say that to get out of sex.
I had a weird vision last night: Sense-distorting technology that reflects the intentions of the viewer. You see what you want to see.
I Just Need To Stop While I'm Ahead.
Rachel's dream. They're auctioning off the jerseys for charity.
chilling with a friend youu?!(:
Finally! Got a $1 ticket on to NYC on Saturday. biennial here I come (for first time in eons).
Back at TBHQ! Stoked to do a new episode of Rip City Update at noon with on TBTV. See you then!
happy b day
bitter bitter. Haha.
Home. For B-day
I need sleep. Im beyond the point of tired.
Traffic was madness on the way home to the boro, but hearing Rick Springfield's "Jessie's Girl" made it all better! -Lee Anne
Hi That was a nice article! Do you think mobile devices can prove to be an effective teaching tool?
Those little packets of fake soy sauce that you get from take-out Chinese restaurants should be banned from the universe.
#allergykids #difficult Hello and thanks for following!
You're welcome!
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
will do bro
omg yayyayayay, can't wait to see baby hazzel<3
After work meeting....
...I think we will be known as the CRACK pack U too
Off to visit with Audrey Stanfield and Brittany Kriger for Brunch!!! Yes to Brunch!
Ima hustla baby, I just wanted you to know
PBS; Lydia and Yan. Have fun and stay clear of the needle? And remember: my father never pulled out but he never apologized.
Thx! my route was far shorter than that of the amazing sbmalley and Go ladies!
u made ur icon ?!
some mini projects using ethnography: documenting museum experiences and how to improve them
are you a ruler ? Cause your ruling my world .:D
Listening to Kadir Nelson speak now.
i need a tan , like so baad . D:
At the Butler game today, Nick asked "when that one guy, your student" was going to play. He was talking about
hope you feel better
my production is on hold for a few days...
true story. It was really awkward though because brad did the same thing to Scott's daughter.
Relentless: an attitude or posture that is resolute, uncompromising, persistent, unyielding, constant, unstoppable and ruthless.
Congratulations to the cast of "The Artist" on Best Motion Picture of the Year!
:) They could collide on a boat
#youknowyoublack when u spill a little bit of grape pop on ur cover nd try to slurp it up...and I just did that....-_-..
Party on KC!
Dear Highway Patrol, when the hwy closes at 11:30am, it might not be a bad idea to set up a detour by 2pm for unsuspecting travelers.
should be finishing up soon, we apologize for the delay. Printer issues :(
thank YOU and Becky Splitt for articulating them.
Will someone please tell me what that clock thingy in union square is counting
exited for free coffee, just make sure you hand out your business cards so we can recommend our friends
I have finally arrived a Congenial atmosphere, friendly people here. Plus food and drink.
I also voted for Dole, Bush, Bush and McCain.
appreciate it breh ... I'ma do it for the town
Yes, I made it a goal to find all of the best things!
i wouldn't know :p Ahh! , 2nd guessing is a pain :/
I cant help it he starting off with good taste lol
It’s sad when someone can walk right by you and pretend you were never a big part of their life.
Because there's often that divide between friends with and w/o kids. She needs you, and you can rise above it. BUT (c)
Lake joe pool in Texas is like a lush green country 20 minutes from Dallas Texas, Acre runs from $35000 to $455000
Hello, basement.
Ugh . I'm always seeing Hella ppl I know when I'm looking rough .
It appears that the Pac-12 tournament is about as well attended as a high-school game. Perhaps that's appropriate?
What is interesting about this... is the changing of the perspective... Looking deeper... Continued next tweet
Just in! Miami-Dade County Public Defender Carlos J. Martinez will be at the "1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON MARTIN RALLY" tommorow at Goulds Park!
I can't tell if allergies are kicking my ass or if a cold is brewing......
So I think I just kinda fell for your smile...great job tonight at Webster Hall!
What a beautiful day and what a beautiful weekend we're going to have in Seattle! #ThankyouMrSunshine #We'resogladyou'reback
yes! Her name is Rain, I will show you pictures when I get home :D
Just watched the movie The Constant Gardener. Stunningly amazing. If you haven't seen it, I definitely suggest that you do.
You tweet a lot .-.
Chipotle after a good win and no homework all the makings of a good night
Eat grilled cheese then "Say Cheese" (fitting pun & shop name) now opened on the UWS 142 W. 83rd Street between Amsterdam + Columbus Ave
I love going to bed. The sooner I'm asleep the sooner you're there :)
"Content Cultivation in #SocialMedia" has become its own discipline."
I am not. I take it you made the trek?
Great time today at the Willowdale Steeplechase races. Try it sometime!
Did not sleep well at all. Fell asleep thinking about wordpress, dreamt about making a medical records app in Django. Serious WTF.
I think I did pretty good, although that interview was done before the First Class trailer hit so I was at a loss.
Good D Omer
It's not about working mom v. SAHM, claimed the SAHM didn't do work. She's the one making a judgement of worth and value.
I still love Andre Miller – one of my favorite former Sixers.
OneHeadlightInk thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
LOL, Good 2 see you last nite, dont let it be your last...
Bye LBK, see you soon.
I really don't know:')
is a trip to in your future?
why would i follow fake mayonnaise on twitter??
When you want the boy you like to text you, just so you know he's thinking about you as much as you're thinking of him.
Thanks for the mention!
the best next to my homemade smoothies lol
promise, I don't ever miss class besides that ONE time I over slept!
- I moved to NYC a few months ago and miss the hell out of you! Keep rockin, I'll be streaming.
Well deserved. I was a lovely tribute and great job you all did.
this Monday? :)
AS Thad damn!
Played 3 rounds in 6 days... 76 76 78...want to be under par so bad
Listening to Luscious Jackson for the first time in forever. #the90's
um... periods
Challenge accepted.
Chaos, panic
I have to agree! I also like when in the middle of CTMEOY Frankie looks up at Bob. And Bob Crewe's rant.
Why the heck is Austin wearing that in After The Runway.
BE CHEERFUL ; WHEN EVERTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG
Walked all the way to the gym to find hat Fordham closed it 2 hours early today.
Happy Birthday Adam Jr
Slaughterhouse bodied flex show
looking forward to #seatweet! See you tomorrow!
AP is reporting that Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has won the Democratic nomination for governor in Wis. Will face Gov. Scott Walker.
Agreed. RT : Highlight of the evening: A bunch of entrepreneurs belting out "Money Can't Buy Me Love" at the top of their lungs.
(correction: written as one who continually strives to do it.)
haha i was actually gonna go for the unicorn sweater and school girl skirt! sorry!
Excellent, thanks.
ctfu truuuu is it on rite now???
A dozen high school-aged prospective students attending class. Maybe I should rethink my lecture on the life and times of Nicolas Gombert.
Happy one year anniversary to my favorite royal couple!
How about e_espinosa? She would be great!
That moment when you get the accounting lesson, but the accounting majors don't.
#firedandpromoted within one tweet. Only you.
if I can finish up my notes shortly, I'll come by and say Hi
Not ideal biking conditions for the one armed wonder, ya'll.
You're going to love it, Steve!
Now im startin to get a lil tired...
me Julio n taras on our way.
Thanks for all the new follows~ hope to see you in the brewpub soon! Well, look at that...it's the weekend!
trying to stay tuned into this year's #CES news... am i suffering from gadget fatigue, or is there just nothing cool coming out?
Caught in a bit of a jam & not wanting to lie I reluctantly gave my # & got out of there quickly but #NumberBlock ultimately saved the day.
Down goes Gadafih, down goes Gadhafi! Another tyrant bites the dust. Lesson for the world.
My feet smell
OMG I love the story:)) you should be an author some day!! Lmao;) are you posting 3 more?:)
RT : Hundreds of GE Healthcare employees volunteering at MPS & Waukesha schools today! We're at Allen-Field Elementary this AM
U Rock! RT : Just dropped off some wings to the dolls ! That means you
stop being an attention whore. And you know that Beliebers hate you so you want them on your side 4 this. GTFO. Im a PROUD MAWHORE<3
Omfg where have you been ?
is almost to 50k . It's gonna be even more impossible for him to notice us.
"The Father Connection" has been a great read so far
lol what ever youre still so damn pretty!
hmm. there's a song that came out a cpl yrs ago by an r&b singer who played piano and its killing me lol :(
you got mad tweets & follows I'm low key jealous lmao
Thanks for the follow! Shred it bro!
Are we about to lose 3-1? To Kansas city? They must be tired from rounding so many bases this weekend. #lotsofbases for
oh yes its good stuff haha
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Tender Greens - Vegetarian / Vegan (live updates)
lol this is a funny joke
#YouGetMajorPoinstIf we can crack jokes together
I've been good! Thanks, just busy with INCTV. and I hope to stop by soon to check out your new view. :)
even doe we fuss i love my daddy!
Well Said “: Build your image - and the image of your business - by being a consistent positive performer. #gitomer #business”
Is that...? Yeah, I think so.
Loved spending Easter with you and the pups too. :)
#bbworld11 #blackboard content sys users giving sneak peak of Bb Drive at booth theatre @ 9:55.
#Work and stop trynna hop on everybody team or hate everybody who doing everything you not doing
Me too! Saw Nick solo & up close two nights in a row last fall. Life-changing. So stoked for you!
Fantastic story today on deployed service members reading to their kids from miles away. Thank you from United Through Reading!
Was the same way at #SECNOLA “: Hello New Orleans!!! My hotel is literally overflowing with UK fans”
Where's the dress? : )
They get his hot wife as a bonus RT Fill in the blank, #Dolphins tweeps: If Miami drafts QB Ryan Tannehill today, _________.
RT : Sex in the shower ;-)
hey who want the parenthacks person you mentioned at the wonderful ICANHAZ cheeseburger party?
What are the most important features you're looking for in your platform? I'd be happy to share my knowledge of both platforms :)
Just saw a commercial for Sketchers "Bob's". Is that supposed to be a joke? Or do they not know about ?!?!
WOOT WOOT! RT : <--happy to report I have FOOD
Having a #DewWeezy kinda day...
I miss summer.
Thanks! I'm on the hunt for it :)
Thank you, Tony!! Wish you the most joyful weekend.
a local child psychologist says the 9 year old responsible for a gun going off in a backpack deserves sympathy too. your thoughts?
yeah and not even AP teachers it seems, just teachers that are available.
My neighbours listen to some excellent music. Whether they like it or not.
92% of U.S. adults read magazines....GFK MRI
Does anyone else almost break their arm and leg when hearing Chris browns name on tv? I sure do!!
Haha! I was spite watching the iPhone ad that accompanied the episode of 2 Broke Girls...I was also spite watching.
Sign up for Patti Ramsey's cooking class at on March 30 - Armenian Easter Feast www.centralmarket.com
stop tweeting mean things about.me
u said it!!
you could just legally change your name to Melissa. If you really loved your barista.
no - the one on cartoon network? haven't seen it yet. What about you??
Went to the grocery store and one of the people that works there came up to me and said he loves the music!
Yes it's good one.
#ICONicThanksgiving HAPPY THANKSGIVING! #ICONiaczThankfulForICONicBoyz follow me? <U+2665>
Cleaning a lot to make your guests think your house is cleaner than it actually is…
aww, I miss him soo much >.<.
'Ghost Town Directory' the new album from will be released on March 15th www.beverlymartel.com
80% of Home Teams Win Game 7s...are Refs influenced at all? Would like to know the FT differential. Im just askin !
everytime I go to get on twitter I accidentally try and get on twotter
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! You guys have a great message to share
"My prayers and condolences to the family of one of the NFL's greatest linebackers to ever play the game ... Junior Seau ... RIP"
That's good, keep building and stay encouraged...
Coughing so hard you throw up <<<<<<<<
I wish I had that luxury, no exercise and I have a heart attack
Employment Coaching Workshop #3 this Sat., Dec. 3 from 10-2pm @ 506 Central Avenue. Subject: Resume and Cover letter Building.
Good morning Minneapolis!!! I'm going to *THE* Mall (of America)!!!
#animtip - go experiment & have fun, because every tip won't work for everyone.
Who's going to be at #SXSW Interactive? #Code4Lib colleagues? Friends from the #Boston area?
Our followee list grooming/reviewing got us blocked by -our apologies, tell us what we did wrong to avoid same mistake w/others -thx!
71- but Obama says "I'll see your Saddam and raise you bin laden and that Libyan guy, but hey, you still have baseball..."
I bought that outfit!!!
that's EXACTLY what Plan B workouts are designed for. Whenever life throws a challenge your way...you keep going.
who's booty was in my bed this am?
It amazes me how many aspiring actors, producers, and writers I've met in the 3 months of living in the OC...WoW
false. It's only like that for radicals that distort the aggressive meaning of jihad.
i just added all my new followers thanks and i hope everyone had a safe and fun holloween check out my new pic's add me pimp me
No football till pre-season. You know you got it bad when you long for pre-season football.
please say hi to Jaycee!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Great job, DD!
yeah that's my impression too but at least a sight reason for optimism
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Hey smokers, NO ONE WANTS TO SMELL YOUR CRAP!
Where do you recommend the best place to get The Pale Pacific's collection of albums? Thanks!
Aaron, that's such a low blow...Delete this post now and salvage your self-respect.
Alex.. Please see the photo that i did with much love to you <3<3<3
Why did the bartender just ask if my brother was here?! Ok!!!
Me:hey you know that peice of our convo you posted? Me: ya. Me:shut the fuck up! Your never funny your a stupidass
- he might still join you!
Not much has changed since my childhood here:) still a flowery small beach town with really good vegetarian food.
While team value has gone up. MT : Feel good for Pacers owner Herb Simon, who said he has lost $ for 11/12 years in new arena.
Her - "Why is cunt supposed to be offensive?" Me - "I love you"
Looking for published reviews of online exhibits. Any ideas?
congrats! I lost my voice. I yelled really loud for you. That is all. No, wait- I just made taco salad. You guys can have some.
Do you prefer to Schedule your sex, or are you more spontaneous? I'm a scheduler, but only due to a very busy schedule. How about you?
Everything looks great! I'm counting down the days. :)
Thank goodness for seamless!
Hear ye, hear ye all artists and internet content creators. No way to replace you, yet. Art isn't nice. It mirrors life. Stop playing nice.
i no i sound desparate of my last tweet but its true
wearing slacks then?
Hope you and your dad had a great lunch! :)
:: Happy presenting! Sorry to be missing you all.
My love for Emma Stone is through the roof right now! Best Presenter EVER!!!
gopetfriendly is the BEST!
-- My pleasure, Silvia.
One that needs to be carried out! :-)
Friday is going to be a kickass show! can't wait :D
another boring day in paradise...
It must have! My shirt was decidedly void of wiggling and furriness. But again–– great race. Love having you in the 'hood.
the greed never stops
Happy Easter to all my fans.
The longest week of my life has officially ended.
disagree, look lakers team Magic kareem worthy, & worthy was 5x the player bosh is, ur just over reacting again
O...very jealous! Have a great time in Spain and thanks for flying with us here at Milwaukee's Mitchell Airport!
if you follow me i would be the happies girl on earth
Grinding at the Roost.
Finally got insanity. I'll start monday, so I can go along with the calendar
I am! Can't wait to see what you guys found!! Also I can't believe they r turning it into an apt bldg!!
Thank you for the tweet about the Professional Networking Event. Hope to see you there!
NO!! Please I'm sorry I take it back!! I love you more than anything even my own daughter!! Wait? I don't love my daughter.
That's it. I'm cutting that bitch makes the library closing announcements.
Dam u jones!
*smacks lips at Taylor*
Check Out #freshlikeme on YouTube with #jonnytee The Official Clipper Anthem. #RiseUp #clippernation #nba. New Single "Friday Night" 6/5
#killedit with on the floor! greatt performance:)
We all want to make a crapload of money, but Mario Williams REALLY? U'd rather play in that shit hole for the #BILLS than a true contender?
Yes! Opened yesterday! Come on by, we'd love to see you! :)
What's your suggestion for the best tool to convert .mov files to .mp4, AKA iPad compatible?
If you've got some time to kill in the Big Apple, you’re lucky. NYC is one of the top business trip destinations, and has a lot to offer.
Ginger hate
We are a family! I wish all of us could meet one day :))
“: Very much enjoying Josh Clarks' mobile UX presentation (and humorous Lego slides) at IDEA.”
Heh: for Imogen Heap's crowd-sourced album, do her fans get writing credits?
After a couple days on a balance bike, Alex Beck is riding a big boy bike without training wheels.
Our mission is simple: to simultaneously champion local businesses and reward the people that support them!
You should have seen my TL yesterday. Thanks for calling me an idiot, though.
Simply the best. Madison Square Garden thanks Coach Pat Summitt for all she's done for college hoops. An inspiration to all of us
Dallas City Leaders to receive briefing on extending Arena TIF.
How to upload an image? Watch our video clip on 'help' menu! @ 2:03 shows you how to post your image on the ad space.
Now on: Strongbow, Heavy Seas Loose Cannon, Rock Bottom Witches Brew. Come n get it!
i have birthday
The infamous "Thursday" is upon us. Will we make it? Stay tuned
Great idea! Got asked for a 5 min personalized masturbation clip for cellphones. Want 1 4 ur collection? Email
I hope you guys win
hey don't make fun of my dad ;)
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. - Plato
Every damn song on the radio during this morning's wet, grey drive reminded me that my friend and former lover is leaving town this week.
I was up all night coughing and I got no sleep
": #Capricorn motto: If you hate us, that's your problem not ours. Capricorn stay cool."
When fashion meets art its called BELOWTHEBRIM!#100%Real
Predators have never led a series 3-1
Sure thing, i'll resend this afternoon!
plenty of space for friends-work out a date with DW.
Cross Country Road Trip via Canada. Be back in a few weeks. Pumped!
I don't wanna go get a shot later :(
We've got a winner. Thanks for playing!
Honestly I don't wanna get too used to a fight stick untuil I can afford one of my own.
And remember, there are only computers. Planes, TVs, cars, etc -- they are all computers.
2-1 on the free day guys! Sorry it wasn't perfect but at least we took home some cash!
Me too, though I think it's probably clear (maybe too clear, but whatever) where my greater sympathies were.
Black & Gold game today was koo'!!! :) I still hate 6th and 7th graders!!! Made my class sit on the floor cuz they took up all the seats.
awesomeness!! I really like the single Happy Pills - need to give the whole album a listen.
[seems like discussion back to square one]
I prefer a statement w/o frills. :)
This girl wears the ugliest clothes ever.
If I had the time I'd love to code that data by appeals to ethos/pathos/logos.
montana what up? been waiting for some more crack music!!! #FREEJARULE #Freemaxb we want hear a NY anthem from you and ja
Site is live and soft-launched! Lots more content coming daily - join up, share, go hit the trails!
for forgot to say eh at the end of that lol
Just a lil dose of a what a real nigga goin through....on top of that...ion owe YOU.....SHIT!! nigga..
correction sent
Avengers is not flawless, but it kicks ass once it gets started. Also, stay ALL THE WAY through the credits. Don't be fooled!
RT“ Thanks To EVERYBODY WHO CARES About My Brother Johnathan .. He Is Okay #ThankGod !! The Person Who Shot Him , #YourDONE !”
Can't believe the amount of work I finished today.
late night coffee yesterday may have been a bad choice!
Awesome photo! Thanks for posting! Can we post it on our Facebook page?
Today's thoughts: Getting a juicer and going on a 60 day fresh vegetable and fruit juice fast
Next time you have a conversation with someone pay attention to how eye contact makes you feel.
How to share status effectively: "what i did, what I'm doing, where I need help"
They had to drop "Avatar" from "The Legend of Korra" because of James Cameron's shitty movie...this angers me greatly!
I'm not laughing go make my fucking money
The ones that turn on me im always keeping them close
More than 79 hours since landing in GLA on Xmas eve, still no baggage from Never again. Dreading the return flight to SEA.
It took America a less of mount of time to embrace homosexuality then African American
That's a great compliment. Thanks! Still more to think abt, like: Who benefits from non-optionality.
Good Morning Loves !
aww....same to u...u the only girl that look good in Blonde!!!
such a great time last night! the food, cocktails and desserts were amazing! Great way to celebrate an early valentines.
Heyy its me
Ha!! They dont wanna play the best!!
Even less than we need an article about Hipster Grifter's response to ESPN Con Artist do we need it paginated into 5 sections
Are Zebra Cakes still a thing?
Off to STG's Twitter General Session today - which Back Stage West is filming? Should be an interesting adventure!
Happy Easter Family ; why did the bunny hide the eggs? So they'd think he wasn't messin w/chickens!
Choking is as choking does... RT : Lee Dixon's reasons for City's slump. 1) Their form. 2) Their team.
you would go there. xD
Off to Turning Stones with , #KerryMaguire, , #Nick, and #Dan <3
RT : #Jbsomeday I will be a famous singer! I'll never give up!
will do / “: You're with two of my fav ladies. :) Say hi for me! cc ”
Calvin and Miranda = Melanie and Derwin....they're the same
he petty....i need to catch a morning release..he playing with my emotions right now..lol
Starting your day off with hate mail is not a fun way to start your day.
Happy Mom's Day! RT : Nice stream of novels about mothers developing at
Flyers need to score!
Don't raise your hand at me unless you're gonna hit me... And I'll be damned if you lay a finger on me....
Another Yankee down.. Eric Chavez.. Yankees are running thin on the bench. Could it be time to call up Ramiro Pena?
I want to learn how to drive o:
you did AMAZING!!!
I finally laid back almost off the edge of my bed, pinched my nose for about 1/2 hour, and it stopped.
Money will not solve the issue action must be taken to make children important
I need sleep!
In Vancouver, BC, Canada of course... RT : geh, tough... 1378 Nicola Street???
I literally just left there. Saw the 7:45 show.
What are your thoughts on orbs? Natural explanation or possible evidence of the paranormal?
so do I
Someone tell em I'm a rider of a family.
oh man. i hope it's everything we dreamed.
You know you're in a good place when you can laugh at something that would have made you mad in the past...
Wow am i really such an awful person that my own sister stabs me in the back?
ima stab you
NY agency mixer! Check your email!
Anybody visit G+ on weekends, especially this busy one? I have a question there for a small slice of y'all, if anyone gets time...
is on her twitter game! Happy New Year hun
So proud of you!!! Keep doing your thing girl! The song sounds great :)
JayZ and Mayor Nutter on the Art Museum steps tomorrow morning to announce Made in America festival over Labor Day weekend!
i miss you Ben! how have you been? we need to see each other! love you<3
Thnx 4 RT “: RT You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. Harriet Woods”
the toughest thing is not being able to fulfill the requests of individuals and organizations from across the globe wanting to create peace
Cold calling Austin dance studios seeking guest teaching opportunities. When following your passion, you cannot fear the phone.
Feel free to marry us as a whole, it wouldn't be weird at all. Happy birthday<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Hi Hayden! I got a project I'm working on and could really use your help. Would love it if you'd contact me. Please!? :)
DM me .. Im confused ?
Lowercase Noises - Marshall is also super soothing. People gave me great suggestions. This album makes me feel like I'm floating in space.
I can't stop wearing heels in my apartment only.
I love it when teachers are really open about the possible failings of their pedagogies, thinking of complex reasons with us.
tonight SUCKS.
Can't sleep because some idiot thinks it's cool to blast out hardcore country music at 11:36 pm.
Wayne from Sa here
That too
it a good pick trust me.
It looks pretty legit. He has the UTA agent following him, he could be using it for marketing. Not that he needs that :)
i hate being rushed..meh..
Thanks for your post on 'A Rolling Stone'!
Heat is broken. Warm blankey :)
Got my first look at Trevor Bauer's pre-game long toss: RCF warning track to left-field foul line in the air. 300+ feet.
You're welcome! I'll have to see if you hit 600 today. :)
Being a power house program is not everything
One might argue that half the people in Texas were created by an asteroid.
I don't get trig a all
but you went away, how dare you..<3
On the other, I lose credibility with colleagues because they see this happening.
YAY! My birthday's tomorrow! I'm turning 16! :D
Great im really bored here
jump in the car and this nigga maxing this cousins ... A nigga extra hungry now like the commercial kids ..
Getting for the the big matchup: U L Cards vs. Evil Empire. If Kentucky's Frosh don't turn pro, then they will have to start going to class.
I love you more than I could ever explain <3
we love Hot Chip! I bet New Build will be just as awesome!
I kno! I need to get with it! I'm a little behind..lol! But tough to sit in a theater on these nice days we r having in SEA..
OK so clearly that sentenance didn't make any sense at all so I meant putting icexream to bake
sad, yes! and also joyous to consider their legacies.
{Coming up with something that works in EDU reforms is almost impossible. Great chefs have the wow but all secrets r never shared}
oh same but i read on the theaters website anyone younger then 16 yrs of age have to go into the theater with a parent (c)
Whats the point of people hacking facebook accounts?
Yay just followed me now I just need Robert Alex Austin
yes, yes it.is
that happened to me last week had to buy a different brand. They were also out of my coffee
I want Some Freaking Sea Food
We are taking the long way to a road trip. Traveling with a toddler requires a rethink of travel priorities!
Haven't seen it. J/k
Accidentally vibing your friend's girl - never a good time.
Do you spend the week beating your body up with running or intense fitness routines? If so, you need #YinRelease! Call us and sign up!
some aromatherapy candles, a loofah.
how u feeling?
sharing is caring !!
track and field rematch tomorrow. 12:15 sharp!
Thinking about watching Red State. Anyone recommend it??
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at !!
COBOL? No, RPG and Assembler. That was REAL programming.
District champs !!!!! #hell yeah
He was mad as shit he dropped his ice cream like he turned over a car ctfu
omg I had no idea!!!!
I suggest lots of ice for both your legs and your cocktail.
Love what you're doing & love Phila! Used to live in W. Mt. Airy, had a biz in Chestnut Hill Farmers Mkt & went to PAFA!
#OTH always has such good music :) can't stand Chris Keller tho, wish they hadn't brought him back! Grrr
sometimes i'm surprised just how much code is required to do what seems like such a simple idea at the beginning...
Are you still taking speaking submission ideas?
Thanks for the great presentation!
Should get in contact with :)
Finishing "The Big Book of Social Media: Case Studies, Stories, Perspectives" by If your into #socialmedia & #networks , READ IT!
Pawtucket police say they were defending themselves when they killed a MA man who pulled a gun on them during a traffic stop
Composers shouldn't think too much - it interferes with their plagiarism.
You should threaten to unfollow folks who don't! RT : #ff Though if you follow me, you prob already do.
In retrospect, I think maybe William Wallace would have wished he said mercy instead of freedom. Would have saved him a castration
Had the pleasure to meet on Friday at the #Edelman offices in #NYC - what an amazing man and role model for kids everywhere
oh, and happy thanksgiving to my featured bands over the last month.
figured you'd get a kick out of this - I'm most likely moving back to Lake Dr area and my mom told me to "book Kyle for the move"
Morning all.
lol tell me what we end up doing though please >.<
U Must be kidding? Lol. B/c u sound like an ignorant fool!
Curt, I think would agree w me that your service to the community is one of the GR8est things ever! Thanks!
Prompted by watching the clip from The Paperboy. Also, 2012, Hot Tub Time Machine, War Inc.
...household #incomes would fall by more than $7,000, and U.S. #exports will fall by $28 billion.
I have Tiny Monster stuck in my head. Thanks a lot . :)
When people try to bring me down it doesn't phase me but having your own blood fuck you over is sad as fuck.
360 Trying To Get The Taxi Driver To Acknowledge That You Really Speak Japanese
i seem to remember a guy being there :P
oh yeah, i look forward to that! I bet you've crushed some lunchables too.
can you use google map API in your software?
Wish the refs would just let the teams play seriously
Can the rest of us listen in? RT Yo don't do little twitter battles.. Just called you on your phone ...
damnit you're gonna pass me up now :(
listening to - and tweeting about it per instruction
Put down the joint, bottle or Xanax and get off of your ass "The worst of all fears is the fear of living." Teddy Roosevelt @
you ah bad mf you say you love me .
McIlroy vs Fowler!
Working hard on our next feature film project with and Leverage Entertainment! Gonna be another good one! Start shooting soon!
#Delta employee standing behind counter at gate chomping on chips. Not a good start. #CustomerService!
trying to pretend the spudnuts in my office (smelling delicious) are not really there...
Couldn't help myself RTing 's #c21nonhuman talk. I just finished Programmed Visions; her work is so exciting and generative.
Yes they're called hipsters. “: portland has so many shamelessly fake bums”
Took advantage of the long weekend to cross things off the list. Short week is still jam packed with goodies and miles to run!
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past. Tim Berners-Lee
No. Not right now. I'm just sitting here staring at and thinking deep bus thoughts.
Aw, you're mad at teachers because you never learned to read, right? RT Right, both lose handily...
And now, Lord, what do I wait for and expect? My hope and expectation are in You. Psalm 39: 7
planning on signing up for the summer reading club at our local library today.
I know right :-)
My laptop is nearing old age and isn't as quick to the draw as it once was. Backing up all my files now. At least the last 5 years worth.
mine too! Just text me whenever you want to!!!
Deadline for special two-year college CG competition just around the corner (2/2/12). Call 202-606-8309 with questions.
so true
I fxing love this band. They are the best band ever period. Ladies and GENTLEMEN! TENACIOUS D!
According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie.
believe me I'm well aware
Prof Inda tells us that # of deportees has doubled since 9/11 to highest # due to expansive definitions of criminality --even jaywalking!
sure, followed.
Small Titties Are Cool
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Go to www.expresslube.com to enter today!
Hey Gabe, Yes, 1990, best class out of UCBSO ever!
I couldn't make it to game one but I do have my ticket for game 2 Friday night
You would be enough for me <3 RT : You never had no one like me? Well why you so complacent.
its official
hahahah when they were on the Brits my mom asked thatt:pp and I said that "it's the style"
that's unfortunate.
I think calling them maggots is insensitive... they should be referred to as larvasexuals.
Haha. I already told you that you're my favorite cubs fan :)
Ah, day three of sitting at a desk. I might be able to get used to this. Or very bored.
doh! Sorry to hear that. Hope all goes perfect on Thurs for you both.
today is the best day ever because it means i FINALLY get to see
thanks babe
Form a tree-planting group with family and friends: commit to planting and maintaining an agreed-upon number of trees over your life times.
I must STOP watching random episodes of #gameofthrones until I get my hands on the first season!!
Good luck tomorrow!
Tonight is the first Thunder Playoff game!! Come and get your Thunder hat!!
When all the money, material possessions, and friends disappear all you will be left with is your reputation.
#NLC minutes at APAMO mtg. good opp 2 hear new info, meet nice people & eat (again)
MT at the end of Pettus Bridge, reminding us that 47 yrs later we are still: One Heart, One
Ha ! RT : RT Oh my god: There's a Tea Party coloring book for children on sale now // Actually, it's for adults
well good, that's a good way to start off the season(:
i love this picture and
In other news, Stanton just hit a walk off GRAND SLAM! Marlins win 8-4!!!!!
But my cats can clean theirs up and they have the smallest brains!
I find looking at images much more descriptive than words like "large lesion..." on a report
#Sis, The Conference of the Birds. Amazing illustrated adaptation of the 12th century classic demonstrates why books need to be on paper.
Call me ASAP
My dog is snoozing so hard her snore is like snoring with a hurricane going thru town!
These days<U+FFFD> it has become a primary condition for any business to have its own website if it wants to survive the cut throat competition.
Star's Side Effect Warning: Hyperness may cause insane retarded randomness. Questions/Concerns? Please contact Thank You.
Yeah i knew it! Lmao. Do you work today?
..for The EuroConnect #3, , 3M's Global Design Dir. A lot of CD's have a European bent/Euro exp; hope we meet tomrrow!
RT : Curiosity is our primal state of awareness. Alert, relaxed listening is our strategy for awakening.
I think would be the perfect home to my winning comedy pilot...
ENTERTAINMENT: The Avengers (2012) watch the Official Teaser Trailer | HD
Looking at my TL, I'm really glad I DVRd Basketball Wives
Working with a great new student today at the Cherry Hills Library.
what up thou
One free ticket left to the Chino XL show.... Whoever asks first will get it.
Soon dance
Enjoyed new #transformers film, best of the three and pretty sure I saw a #BIM model of Chicago's Trump Tower at one point!
I bet you were adorable doing Zumba ;). Take me with you next time.
We can help you market that listing , locally and globally. Use this code to list for free US270911
<U+266C> helped us create our Archie-Rose logo, we have had so many compliments, give them a try, you will not be disappointed <U+266C>
Hey, this is almost Natetastic... :P
ooh just heard Ah Yeah by Robert Glasper
We heard the 's fall concert was excellent! Keep you up family!
Thanks for following my movement.... WELCOME TO MY WORLD!!!!
Getting it here too. My response: It's joyful, life-affirming, skillfully executed. Enough 4 me. Does that apply to Gin Blossoms?
< Im getting this suday!<3 Cant wait:)
Post-bust Vegas looking more like Anytown, USA - NECN
Happy Mothers Day! Don't forget to make the moms in your life feel special. I love my mom so much. Even though we argue a lot, I still..
i miss my fucking sunglasses. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
We were going to hang out on friday. I was looking forward to seeing you ;'(
Homer Simpson would be appalled! Where is Lionel Hutz when you need him!?
what the fuck you mean,im from the concrete jungle
RT : Content quality still counts. Crappy content doesn't get shared. Quality better than quantity.
thanks bro
who is we
Thanks. The same to you!
damn right.
You bet!
IM FOLLOWING YOU FROM ALL MY ACCOUNTS FOLLOW BACK
will you make my forever and follow me? x
finally got the wi-fi in school to work<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
" sent me to follow you
Earthquake - Right now!
secondary tweet: disgusting. thanks for not throwing up on me.
CATS!!! definitely.
what if those latino/a presidents are also LGBT? or they are but are not out? there may be way more LGBT ones but just not out.
Get your morning started right with and the
awww how adorable!!! They are all soo cute!! And I want pancakes like that!
That was my son hiding my face. He is much more concerned about privacy issues that I. ;)
I hope everyone had a nice Easter!!! :)
Now that my best friend gotta new boo.. we don't cake as much lol.. don't let him take your heart from me bitch lol ((:
there u go with that lil bro mess again
Always try to make every a dull day productive.
Nope. Not at all. Just an observation.
RT : Gerik has no life tweeting any & everybody cause he dont got shit better to do lmao!
He's defending the indefensible. If it's so great, why doesn't any other intercollegiate sport use such a system?
Shout out to and for awesome work at
Hey mahomie (bestfriend) <U+E056><U+E328> mind following back? <U+E415>
and its usually humble pie fir dessert afterwards. I hate that.
American Bandstand... New Years Rockin Eve... the $25,000 Pyramid... 4-Emmy awards and a Peabody Award. A radio and TV Icon RIP Dick Clark
So far today the sun rose in the east, set in the west, and Mitt won the nomination. Another day of no surprises. Yawn...
My Kentucky Derby pick: Creative Cause. Will also be using Daddy Nose Best.
Klaine. That is all ;)
One-legged donkey kick!
RT Choice not circumstances determines your success
I miss humidity. 76° doesn't feel like I know it to be.
#gym time.... my quiet time. Gotta make time for yourself.
Dam she taken all day
R.I.P Dick Clark. Wow. End of an era!
why yes i did
PG offers its heartfelt condolences to UGA football on the passing of legend Larry Munson....A sad day- better win the SEC in his honor RT
I like to consider myself "Gorgeous" if you think Im concieted then you must consider yourself "Ugly".
Still haven't eaten though. We REALLY need to go shopping.
I will be performing a relief concert for Japan at New York City's Blue Note..details coming soon.
Would it be wrong if I declawed my kitty?
So sick of not being appreciated.
Wtf,These damn bears Suck
Today is the first full day of spring. The weather here in Austin is great. How's it where you are?
QUAKE N BAKE
Most of the gains were from re-compressing the audio files with a different codec and also reduced color palettes for pngs
Doesn't look good does it? NFL teams don't draft first round backups.
RT : Face your fears! It can only make you stronger!
twatchin *shoots the bird ** punk ASS
you know it!
LLBean's return policy is crazy. They take anything. ANYTHING. No receipt. My TV's broken, I'm just gonna show up and say I bought it there.
Free Prime content is def limited but still worth $80/yr for free shipping if u ever order stuff. w/a KindleFire & Roku2 I dig it.
haha, sounds good.
I'm so very sorry for your loss.
Ugh , why am I such a pussy when it comes to scary movies? ._.
Shocked to see all the hate on facebook about Beyonce & People mag! Last I checked, she was way more gorgeous than...well...all of us.
#Fox Soccer Channel in Hi-Def? My life is complete.
can you sign my stoopid cd on Friday in Denver?
You may not be the best at what you do but your the best you there will ever be so be the best you...
Bout to get this lasagna watch theses movies and smoke and drink with cousin we about to be nice and bopped in a second!
in Pompano FL. Great BBQ n country music.
Agreed! Lots of fun! RT : This was fun as hell man!
When you have your own place, pay your bills and take responsibility of your own actions.
Just now setting up - look for #CoworkBmore signs on the tables to know who's coworking!
Ave Life on the Come Up
Well i got the lead role in fiddler on the roof just call me Tevye!
No man or woman should ever have to beg, borrow, or steal for affection or compassion.
Archivist's walk of shame: pushing a load of materials through silent rooms on a *really* rattly cart.
Stop sneezing boom
Pumped for Mir vs JDS
Neither have I. My excuse: living on other side of continent. Being from 7th gen District family, have heard stories of WH egg roll
I always try to pretend that I want someone else, but deep down, I know that I've always wished for you and me.
I follow positive #edchat, not posts on #edreform that place blame or pitch magic fixes for #achievementgap. Proven methods for
RT : #CNN releasing raw exits on air. Not normally done. They show Santo winning TN and OK. Mitt winning MA, VT, OH via...
Iranian naval admiral: ‘If needed, we can move to within three miles of New York’
lets go chess with friends iphone app- marinforprez
Plenty of other reasons not to drink Coca-Cola, Sen. Grassley, & btw there's no such word as "sucombed."
Thank you!! Hope to work with you some day!
The clearer your #vision for self the easier the #mission<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
I have all A's & B's except 1 F. -_- need to turn in that project
Twin Anchors, founded in 1932, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
They should be arriving soon! Thank you for loving our cufflinks!
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
Thx, Norberto! Great to connect with a fellow #ColoradoSprings business owner. :-)
Local las vegan's. For the month of May say TOPTIONAL at our entrance for free entry. Men, gentlemen, playas, ladies, girls, and women! ;-)
lol... only if you promise to play fair!
Hm...how much did you shovel? I think you're still feeling the novelty effect. After 54" (and counting), the novelty wears off.
LOL, you do have one! It's not super thick but it's there!
LOVE IT!
LOL, I think Jared was referring to this new bundle of joy. Jared, of course I would. I love kids :-)
Flagstaff Business News welcomes DELTA DENTAL, as an advertiser. We appreciate this new relationship. 13,000 hi income homes receive FBN
Good lift with my boy Time to relax now. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
" let me holla at you "
we must! RT Big Freedia is playing a legal warehouse this Friday. I'd probably regret missing that.
I'm assuming Harry left his phone at home? Whats the plan, dude?
"Hey look, it's as good as used!"
guess where kyra and I are?
The Donald is crazy!!
Hey and , we have a pretty cool idea for the two of you to engage customers and attract new ones. Drop a line.
i hope there's beer when you get home!
Love when I go to a baseball game wearing basketball shorts t shirt no make up hair pulled up with sun glasses on and you call me beautiful.
“: -- I'm Smacked in real life ...” lmao HELL no your not!.haha why you just get over on yourself like that?!...
Thanks for the quote. I don't entirely agree with linking intellect and God, but there is certainly value in the connection.
How do I keep up to snuff on my editing? I edit Jamie's grad papers.
THANKS NOW GET UP AND EAT SOMETHING!
u can sing
Dug ourselves to deep of a hole..
I wish it was Tuesday, ready for this audition. Ah! 2 more weeks of school!
I love you. Thank you.
This how im feeling nobody support me so its fuck what they feeling im not the type to try and fit in if im not welcome and i feel unwelcome
Drinking chamomile tea and watching the BAFTA's on BBC America!
Tomorrow night in Alison Park the Pittsburgh Jazz Diva's will be getting together to use or voices to raise money for someone we know …
Ha! Was hoping that you would see that tweet. :)
editing with beer in hand. we'll see how this turns out.
i gots 2 do sum thing 2day....im always freakin stuck in this freakin house ...does this shizzz only happen 2 me... whats up with that shizz
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock & Roll Yearbook for 1965 - The Beatles Rule the World.
Listening in on #mhealth tonight. I'm Jessi, a medical librarian in the DC area
#Roc, the more the merrier here on twitter. Promote to your friends!
Ah I'm so happy I only have 29 more days of school left till summer vacation!!!!! :)
This bitch totally blows !
lmfao berlin was fun though
Championship game today... Lets get it!!!
All I need is Samuel and his disgusting soul patch, and I'm a happy guy.
This Saturday At Club Zona Latina PT 2 of the New Pop Single (Tonight) Everyone Is Welcome Come Show Me Love !!!!!!!
I don't know tha-- AAAAHHHHH!!! *transmission ends*
I'm about to meet you guys up when you guys finish eatin
Bed! Talk to y'all in the morning :)
not this trip:( have to return to NYC Sunday to prepare for trip to France following week.
Just followed back a TON of #arianators!! I <3 all my followers! Can't believe how close I am to 1000!!
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Still love the show, though! Ha ha! So glad to have found your #LAT column.
“: Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. Have fun and give them something to talk about.”
“: Traffic on the way to the airport. Don't cut it too close. #idea10”
And I finished my third draft of Cloudy (Sumerian god story). Going to ask Nancy to proof it before I send it to the contest.
that's where I need her lol
Wanting nothing else but a gyro
yes that is always a good one ;)
thanks for RT, Jessica.
I like #vegmamas too, but twitter has taught me to be mindful of character counts!
what you been up to?
#SUCKERPUNCH WAS BAD ASS!
Nice work!
Tired of paying too much? We save you #money on your insurance through
I wanna thank god for that he blessed me
Those days when your jumps feel so awkward but they really are just normal.
RT : RT : Congratulations to our new chapter president
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Gustin has been serving as head coach at Waubonsee Community College (Illinois), and helped Canby to back-to-back league titles in '98-'99.
aw oh ok
Look Ma, no more tweeting with wet hands!
This Earth's about to swallow our asses. I've got hard hats, flashlights, and plenty of canned tuna if u need some...
So...Ryan O'Neal bowed out. Do we have a surprise replacement? If so, I'm betting on Chelsie Hightower and Michael Stag!
paying $3k is ridiculous. Thats the biggest impediment to producing world class players
i love you. k bai. xD
omg Zoila is so awkward sometimes omfg
lol I just left the gym! My goal is to back flip! Was standing on my head yesterday #believe believe
now floating up and down I spin colliding into sound like whales beneath me diving down.
It's a cool book - she has a few of them but that one is the best.
ernie johnson. Guy on TNT.
I like that. RT : Love didn't make you weak, it made you stronger. Cassandra Clare
This is pretty much gospel truth. Also: Life Aquatic RT : ...and it was nothing that watching Royal Tenenbaums couldn't fix.
Love you work bro!!!
Lol I might can put up with that maybe
I wont lie im falling hard.
Right now, I am enjoying a perfect cup of coffee from McDonalds! Who knew? But, they got it right ~ medium w/ 2 creams added!
oh yes he is!! I am amazed at some of the saves he makes!
Whilst cooking I got some herbs in my eye. I am now parsley sighted.
Kpbs is back on the air. Thanks for your patience!
Sweet! Can you email that to me? :)
I went to sleep at 1 something . So I just turned on the tv & woke up. Didn't even realize its 6AM O_o what's wrong with me?
Have fun who u watching it with?xx
Quincy Miller look like Pat Terrell in his avi!
Not as small as ATL.
Finished audio of Jo Treggiari's Ashes, Ashes on way home. Good read if bit predictable. Feel good abt recommending it @ book fair this wk.
feeling so much better today :) Maybe #brinner tonight...?
you are welcome honey
You've got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set, confidence is the difference. - Chris Evert
Power moves
The Pirates are going to blow up your idol tonight in Pittsburgh.
Failure is not a collection of mistakes. Failure is a collection of mistakes...wasted! ~Tom Davidson
So now I only have one uncracked cymbal... Smh... Lord please make a way for my need to be met.
Guide-on-the-Side vs Sage-on-the-Stage
When you need to pee and all the lights on your way home are red <<<< #fml <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
There are so many creative people in the world today...
Plane quarantined at MDW for "contagious situation." Passenger has rash. Ready yourselves for ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE.
... Did he confuse the two of us? xD
Just took the most ghetto five hour driving class
replied to me!!! Now only if I can get and to reply too!! CAN YOU GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW ME????
sure thing. Teddy is a wonderful fellow
RT : Today is a SNOW DAY here at Fracas! 10% off your entire bill!
lol oh you sure you could take all that?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> but better
Happy Saturday - let's be the best we can be!
Internship shopping! So many great museums and only one summer...
Each person eats 1.7 dogs on dollar dog night at the jake
WTF and #umftv way to kill my mood by turning off and !!!
We're looking for a Dallas, TX area JavaScript pro to help with a project. Ping andy at unitinteractive dot com.
was just thinking that I'm finally starting to feel like normal at 1pm today haha
If u DM me then tht jut proves tht u don't have the balls to say it in front of everyone! Maybe grow some balls and say it out loud already
that's wassup!!
Sent you beats bro! Check your email!
Suggested CTA operator script: "Passengers if unable to fit,please lose 5lbs immediately or board the follower."
Looking good!
I'm not the kind of girl who gives up just like that...
Best night ever!!!
Yo, Imma let you finish, but your boy band singing can go on outside class...
why is never in the Ford commercial?! Or am I just missing him?!
Nice. You're almost to your running anniversary then :)
"You lure them in with humor, than make them think." -mantra of preachers, priests, and cult leaders alike
#Leaders wanting to learn more about deeply examining employee performance should watch Jon Gruden's QB Camp on
with 1000 tv channels there should be something that is not so bad to watch, new content need....peewaddy.com is coming
In ADTR mood.
chachi do you still go to school? O.o
I wish. I did plan for it. : (
Working for the weekend. It's almost here!
On demand like Showtime, right BP?
Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011 www.miamiriverwalkfestival.com- Non profit partner- www.sacredfarms.com
I have no idea what my team is even doing. But if it was a good night, then great!
is your palm tree a houseplant?
#mw2012 From a user perspective, yes, as we self-select for content. Harder, though, the further out you go. How to balance?
I miss my London baby!! <3 Come back soon.
It's nice to know who your real friends are.
You're a hoe but won't even admit it
Keep forgetting the time is differnt over there sorry
(c) one if you haven't~
Young Alex had recurring dreams about the adventures of three dogs. In the last one, two of the dogs died horrifically. The third left him.
sry I'm out so can't be in the tinychat atm. Are you guys doing the cali gurls idea?
Learning how to set boundaries is a necessary step in learning to be a friend to ourselves.
Meganne, how beautiful - thank you so much.
Here's the twist...it's not really Sarah Phillips! It's a horse! Of course, it's not really a horse. It's a broom!
criminal justice careers
probably, don't know for sure. What is the school's responsibility for opt outreach ?
We are pleased to announce availability of Interlink 1.0.6 for #CommitCRM. Please visit the Interlink member area to download the release
Guess he DIDN'T learn his lesson from opening his mouth earlier in the season. Wow. Kid needs a muzzle.
Os killing it
Oh my god! I hope you're okay!!
going from social to super social-Yodle Style!
What's amazing is that I've only RECENTLY launched the blog and to already be garnering such commetns shows the POWER of the Web!
go on my page and look at my fabulous design:)
Get a life.
Going back to hell..I mean SCHOOL today. Yuck.
go Cairns!!!
benadryl but it makes me very sleepy
where is ya music at homie?? send me a link to something.
My daughter hit me wit "your the best dad ever"
A bit surprised Brandon Bass wasn't a top vote getter for 6th man. He did start a good bit of games though.
Lovely day to all!
hey rube, how's the edu market? Thinking about getting back in.
Cool! Picture everyone in their underwear and you'll be fine (unless that makes you throw up, that is)... good luck & have fun!
this is my real picture and is not doctered in any way
Forgot my keys&& it's like Antarctica outside.. :(
diametrically opposed to "release fast, release often" philosophy.
There are sloppy joes in the deli today but I really want stir fry. What to get, what to get!
Luckily we're located in Portland, OR so we dont have to deal with Carmageddon. Ha. So, 0 minutes. How about yourself?
So you think you can Dance?? Tryout today downtown at the Palace! The line is almost around the block so hurry!!
I dont really care
Ford Leveraging Social Media for '11 Super Duty Launch - Ward's Auto (subscription)
I will message Deb right away. She may just want you to contact her directly.
God wisely designed the human body so that we can neither pat our own backs nor kick ourselves too easily. ~Author Unknown
Thanks for the kind words. As far as how to get going on Kickstarter, it's all about emails and FB, and lots of them!
Judith quote of the day: "you really could break your penis"
Thanks for the follow! Would love your expertise on New Orleans restaurants if you have any recos!
"'Success'" depends on the second letter..
Let's go Jayhawks!!! Play some awesome <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> cause I want a <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>.
RT : Eating gluten-free doesn't mean missing out which is clearly displayed in the taste of 's GF brownies...
Oh hai, internets. How have you been? I think I might keep up this media fast kick for a bit longer, but that doesn't mean I don't miss you.
FUN FACT: Like St. Patrick who drove the snakes from Ireland, with a smelly prayer St. Drunken drove the cougars out of O'Malley's Pub.
therein lies the problem..... eventually the church will be diametrically in opposition to the state. That will be our end.
For the first time in a while, I love my phone more than my calculator. Haha
listening in while driving from Kenosha to Whitefish Bay and would love a shout out! -Ben Weber
always blog :) cleaning can wait!
I'm pretty positive I think that everyday! Eeeeeekkkkkkk...is that mean?
I see you.
Hugh the #LoosingPitcher Mulcahy. Mulcahy was a starting pitcher for the Philadelphia Fliers when he was drafted in 1941.
Lebron might have been cursed by his headband.
Thoughts on what Allen Craig is doing?
Can anyone recommend a really good, not too stuffy biography of Richard Nixon??
If you ford the stream, I'll follow the trail for a while. We'll both be home soon. [A death poem written for an old friend.]
- Of course after tears down the entire North wall, the bldg is now "a threat 2 human life, health, safety"
High and drunk so I'm tweeting
": seats sold out #Wilco. Lawn seats available . If going to festival, buy " I must buy tickets
I have, legos are amazing. And they support engineering, math, and science education!
Thanks for caniuse.com!! Very nice!
bad interpretation of what he said. Get it right, blackvoices.
Last Night were the Most perfect night of my whole Life
Black Friday Albq Comic Con Special! 3 day pass is only $25.00 Friday only if you come in to Tall Tales Comics 10-6 and buy your ticket.
A randomized, multinational, open-label trial have shown that outpatient care is noninferior to inpatient care for low-risk patients with p…
what's she competing in?
I remember that dilema well Don....good luck!
Congrats to all of the doc Oscar nominees!
The Avengers is the most badass superhero movie to date.
Last two weeks of my high school career
tweet justin bieber....please
Bout to fuck with this new game of thrones
What you got out there for the Ladies Today? They need to hear something Nice.
Are you ready to watch LIVE in NJ ?!? You're heading to !! Congratulations!
Can't stop!
Beauty sleep<3 8th grade dance tomorrow
I'd need middle-class money to pull that off.
ohh my freaking teddybears, I will come into your room by the window and take your fone and delete this picture! #ihateyou(:
Lots of interesting questions in this discussion about LMNL and XML about interaction between models and tools/workflows
Ah Monday morning, Thursday can't get here soon enough. Back to #Vegas!
Vince Carter going off at the Mavs game!!
hi michael.
New nail polish <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2728>
#Imagine Austin: I think You are... You: What? Austin: You're a twinkle in my eye and an angel from the sky... You: *melting* <U+2665>
The ideal that Jesus loves you goes way beyond the Bible saying so... He proves it everyday, all day -- simply w/ the Grace to move forward!
A life without risk..... Is a life unlived....!!!
thanks for the kind words - it was fun! we should do more stuff like this, right?
Awesome clothes guys!
Vin Diesel has been a major fashion influence here
Wack pussy is the devil
Grapplefest, crazy day ,my kid did great
Pay attention to nutrition labels on your favorite foods. Watch 4 added sugars, calories & sodium. You might be suprised by what you see!
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
I apologize on his behalf I'll talk to him about it tonight.
checks yours :} :3
Gay Priest on Ballot for Episcopal Bishop’s Post
Yeah pretty much. Everyone loves The Tommo.
thunder last played Saturday, Spurs last played Monday....dang, talk about rest & good practices
Got to feel for a guy like aaron kraft. Must be hard to live your whole life with your face turning red in certain social situations.
your like umm? How do I explain it? AHMAZING!!(:
Penn State with three turnovers already. One minute in...
I hope it's not weird that I'm going on vaca alone. Has anyone else done it before?
you guys have the best pictures ever.
That's creepy.
Haha, again I dont' think I could feel for someone who put their trust into that guy :p
The things you did that amazed me.
omg we definitely should!! haha stupid sun!
Is anybody else getting text message spam for the iPad 3?
NO MALACHI THIS CANNOT BE RIP
Nfb this cutie ->
Very excited to see fellow SDSU in orange and blue!
Actually very sad to say goodbye to Lamar and Pau
RT : Want to brine a perfect #turkey this #holiday season? Check out our brines & spices for easy, tasty...
Happy mothers day to & !
go go go go so I fuqqed her one time then I let her go !
Come celebrate my birthday with me on Friday March 2 @ Opium's MAD HOUSE @ the Hard Rock. Mi ago wine an bubble all night long. :-P Lol!
"Real or not real?" "That was a good show" "That was Deal or No Deal."
DAMN! when did Urkel get so smoking hot! Go Jaleel
Just hoping for a good game. RT : are the shockers pulling for #RockChalk tonight? Any in-state loyalty?
Cuz of The faces <U+270C>
thursday needs to get here already so that i cant be on my way to miami and away from my "friends"
Where are you menggggg
Yes because being a woman is SO HORRIBLE.
Good Morning everyone! Have a wonderful day! I see sunshine! Wahoo! :-)
At hydrate for the show ;))
I'm just putting it out there she told me today she's not set to attend any. Please do check it out.
Wow I thought I lost my account here I couldn't log in or anything Yee
RIP Ryan Dunn U will be missed!!!
Weed + max 3= cool night
#disturbingmoment When someone sneezes and cleans their nose at the restaurant table!!! Just nasty!
Right now - videocast of "Show Off Your Apps" software challenge using NLM data - presentation of winning entries.
It's Friday the 13th... I feel like we need to so something scary
thank you for entering! We have shortened the original tweet for easier retweeting. Winners will be notified soon!
I talked to price
Just heard Rebecca Black's new son 'My Moment' its not as bad as 'Friday but still not very good, she needs to make REAL music
Can we blame Ernie for this team? There's not enough veteran leadership on this squad!
Dude. Party. ": We picked up a show for Friday May 25th"
LOL.. Too funny..
We are, however, allowed to hope?
I just knew this was coming...
Check out our booth at the Electric Avenue event tomorrow and Thursday and learn more about how you can "Mow Down Pollution"!
FOLLOW ME ! I love you <U+2661>
Just got to work and getting ready to head out on our story. Happy Easter everybody!!!
this weather buh-lows.
well.. I wouldn't put it past them!
At Hotel Sax listening to the fabulous Stacie Francombe with ISSE!
so hey how about some vidya games and junk food to make my shitty day better?
The celtics got the "I eat ass" face right now lol
<<<< now following
yess(: you will have to(: we know how bad i am at writing(: erika! guess how much of a life i dont have!(:
#ThingsThatINeed respect § money
Barack Obama "In My First Term I Sang Al Green..In My Second Term I'm Singing Jeezy"
i really dont know :( there all jerks!
I'm Angelina your Jennifer, bitch you see where Brads at.
love you too babydoll, definitely gonna need you 2moro:(
Did you mean, you've been looking past your mustache at me?!
This gay kid in my neighborhood is way too flamboyant. I can't.
Couple of shows coming up this week! Check them out! Wee!
All my chicken in the house say buck!!!!
oh my, we left a couple hours ago!! We were wrapping :)
OSU Libraries & Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum present a reading & discussion series, “Immigration in Comics,” in Jan. 2012.
Big day for #Detroit! President in town saving jobs & Uncle Jam rescuing dance music from the blahs.
Absolutely. Jar Jar in Avatar makes all kinds of sense.
please follow me back! you are my favorite glee character EVER. im a huge gleek cuz of you XD. please retweet me <3 :)
Good Morning Fools, By The Way My Tooth Hurts!
Cincy, in St Louis.
Open call! Chink is looking for music of all genres to be in film. No pay but credit, a copy of the film, and we'll promote you!
So many dreams about aliens
youre the one who runs away :o
lol how are u a creep?
(1 of 2) Please contact me immediately. You sent email to me stating you shut down my colleagues email due to....
Chillin 'S Downtown
You never know when opportunity is looking at you in the face. So its best to see everything as an opportunity. Better safe than sorry!
Thank you!
Get the Quote of the Day from BrainyQuote on FaceBook and Twitter
If nobody won tonight...Tuesday's jackpot will be $975 million!
the shop just watched single ladies... we created our own version called "Chris couldn't do my tattoo"
Permission to cock freely?
Still have lemon frosting under my fingernails after visiting ... yummy!
Trying to write an article. I think Twitter and FB status updates have rotted my brain.
nope. Prob gonna check facebook.
Jessica Sanchez...that is all...
Cardio done, chest done, abs done. Great morning start with my one and only
"I don't know if I'm going to use them or need them, but I got gummy worms" epic
Awesome day....farmers market with the family, 43 miles on the road bike, and dinner at South Street.
ive gotta stay off craigslist, getting to many pets and junk i dont need!!
The fact that I will be seeing the lovely in sunny San Diego in less than 6 weeks is also everything #LifeIsGood :)
Not to brag here But using a permanent marker for Easter eggs is totally cheating. (see my pics for masterpiece)
Remember that time Dashboard Confessional were a thing?! Anthem to your emotional mental breakdown. Don't lie.
very interesting article.
I love when I see something crazy, thank god nobody is hurt!
Thanks for the RT! We really hope this will be a big event we can do in the future as well! Need something to do Dec.24!!
omgzzz you're following people?! Can I be lucky and get a follow? (:
Addressing a complaint from a person? Separate their emotions from the meat of the complaint. Deal with the meat. Have peace forever!
Bout to finish these braids
I earned the Exercise Hound badge on Lose It!
so many great events laterly.. just wish I didn't put myself on "event lockdown" until this baby is born :(
TAYLOR LAUTNER!!!!!!! I KNOW YOU'RE GONNA PRESENT WITH HIM! RIGHT???!?!?!
Isn't the difference that intelligence is merely the ability to speak a collective fiction while imagination speaks a new one?
Dolly Girls in Handmade Dress with Apron ... - Tokyo Fashion News
Continue to give you love and support, great look on the new film that John Singleton is directing, and how are u 2day?
andpop got bottles on deck
<U+200E>The Girlfriend Season's track "Butterflies" will be appearing on the 2nd episode of 'The Real World: Las Vegas' on March 23rd, 10pm EST
I was just going to say that there's nothing like that in my client. Assume most of your pals will be on comma-friendly apps?
My trip to Vegas is strictly business. I will be #GettingItDone for Pittsburgh. I do my gaming locally !
ill se you there mi amor :)
Don't you hate it when you thought you did something but ending to forget to do it -_-
Student Discount at School's out, but hey.
Thanx bro I appreciate u taking time to listen to our shit
with who?
You're just hating so hard right now.
#MaybeIshould start saying NO to more things that don't profit me and put myself first so I can help others in the long-run.
Brittany legit talks in her sleep.
Great....I couldn't sleep and I'm already up....Gonna be a long day.
The Feelies did 6 encores! NJ reppin' the good fight for rock and roll. Where has simplicity gone? I danced myself right to the knees
HE HAD ME SCREAMING AT ME TV DURING THE HIGHLIGHTS ... THAT SHOW IS THE REASON I DONT WATCH TV NOW LOL
Liberals like make me laugh when they want to argue politics and haven't even read the Constitution. Pathetic.
Johnson Gray 2012. The two most boring names of all time.
hey i wanted that last Fresca! :)
I guess to look more viable.I went to Tulane,but I didn't know all the obnoxious yankees I moved to get away from were all there.
DO NOT HIT MY BRAUNY....
They really don't know what other breed my dog is mixed with but it does have a bit of Shepherd markings on her.. hmm...
First couple of years were Dr J and Dawkins later Moses Malone, Andrew Toney. I was a little one 3rd, 4th grade. Good memories
you are welcome!! :))) How has your day been
First u get the respect then u get the money then u have the power..
chilling at the house playing some rock band.. chaz runnibg around like crazy.. want to chill call or come by..
it would be cute if 'Lucas' gave you mothers day present in real life!(: he is so cute!
RT : We will do all we can at the federal level to support the use of technology in education. at
Worst packer ever award goes to me! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Just finished reading Impulse by Ellen Hopkins and lets just say "I'm shivering in a frigid indigo sea."
But can they buy sexy men underwear? RT Right now in inner cities across America, Black folks are on courses like Gus Wortham
My little alpine strawberry plants are happily looking out the window for the sun.
HAHAHAHAHAHA I just died!
“: Thanks to the amazing for her video skills! #MCN2011” // happy to help!
Sitting with one of the finest leaders in youth culture Kid is wise.
Why she bein so mean to that lil girl
you're so lucky!!
I love Blair! I think she's very cute and stylish
Yay!!! So excited!
oh that Kiki!
welcome to my twittscape dad
Btw, how's that other job working out for you!?
But you said that like a dozen times and nothing changed.
Back in Business after that #snowtober hope everyones power is restored in
: librarians are teaching people how to BE online. New slogan: Be a Mensch library? :-)
RT : She's gone but never forgotten.
right?? #sogood i cannot wait for the movie!! the trailer looks sick
If you get the chance, go see Saw it last night and it's phenomenal!
Sometimes your have to be starved and feed the poor and homeless and share the love of God like that.."Feed your soul'n Fire."With God words
It's 's birthday? That is *literally* the best news I've heard all day. Except that it's also my bro 's birthday!
word its def gonna be poppin this time
God, you're such an inconsiderate asshole.
"Acting touches nerves you have absolutely no control over." - Alan Rickman
Can't wait to get a puppy. Even though I've been told that having a baby is actually easier. Somehow I doubt that.
hello I love you
Good morning, sunshine! Enjoy your java. :-)
He's still our #2. Until Andy comes back. Who do you think Girardi would like Pettitte to follow in the rotation?
each get one! i don't know if we can split one
she's a boogie eater and she don't care...
. One of my fav shows! Positive, informing, inspiring. Never miss it.
RIP Dick Clark
#RealFriendsDont talk shit behind your back , cause drama , drop you , kick you to the curb , throw you under the bus , etc.
I feel like we should create a legal partnership. HEY AH HEY AH LOCKNEY HEY AY AH LOCKNEY HEY AY AY AY AH
I would say I love you, but you already put out, so instead I will wish you good luck instead
all yea that some freak shit
I can so relate 2 this :-) when I saw em in concert my whole body hurt the next day. Never jumped & danced that much ever haha
!!! “: twatchin your ex will only get your feelings hurt.”
- congrats on the bill signing today. Good work on the Health Exchange.
To ALL veterans: There are not enough words to express our gratitude for your service and sacrifice.
OMG, IM SO HAPPY
Good morning y'all
Back at you Ken!
What are some free music downloading sites THAT WORK.?
whys the link no worky
It's how our relatives entertain us during those icy winters in Saskatoon.
I try. No one answers. I always get voicemails and no one returns my call.
The secretary reading Nietzsche in The Birdcage
thank you
Safely arrived in lovely Monaco! Will meander around the city and probably play a turbo tonight.
for indiana?
how are things going for you?
That #idgaf attitude right now »»»
TysonProperties thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How are you guys doing these days?!? Hit me up!
He does. I love him so much. Your day will come, babe. :)Well. I really need to go to bed. I have school tomorrow. G'night.
That saying, "men are dogs", good grief I wish they were! Loyal, affectionate, playful, funny... Thought I wanted a BF, I just want a dog!
happy mothers day...you inspire and encourage..t/y for the retweet
hahahah I'm not doing hw but I'm busy right now :P dm
hope to see you there. Just landed in houston on my way to austin. Wld be great to catch up
I didnt do anything.
Twolves score award for 3K new season tix at nba awards!
We LOVE you haters!
excited to see yaa there (:
Piano for the score of 's film - "A New Life" with Life is good.
in the px, and he didn't see me.
Tweeting in English with the gurls
I hate people who blame me for shit I didn't do.
Because it is an interesting question - the breaking point for altering historical personages and events - DvL
Clap clap lol RT : ROund of applause baby make that ass clap
What do you mean by that? RT Consider a carbonara pasta.
What is the difference between a flea bitten dog and a bored visitor ?Ones going to itch and the other is itching to go !
I am tweeting via clap bc Im lazy and dont want to sign out. But I laughed when I saw you on this! YESCH!
so the 1D tickets are basically sold out and and and and
yup! Hes here!
We are at tonight 6-8pm. Cask of Kind too. Our pints are $3.50 plus get a FREE logo pint glass.
SLUT FOLLOW AND I? <3
Add sparkle to your apparel. Whether it's Custom T-Shirts, Hoodies, Polos, Long Sleeves. NYC Printing 123 is the leading printing...
NO RULES! NO ONE LIVES HERE!!! #youvebeenwarned p.s. I NEED THE MONEYZZZZ
Don'r forget . Wednesday's at Salute. Wine and live Jazz! Can't bit it!
Spurs will wear you out and frustrate you if you're not 100% focused for 48 minutes
Everyone's scary-positive right now. Our impressiveness frightens me, but I'll take it, nonetheless!
Did you ever end up going to any of the Kraftwerk shows in NYC?
They hate what they don't understand
My friend just asked me "Dont I believe in the after-natural?" The What????
if you want to follow a great MAHOMIE account go follow they follow back :)
Back in the Chi finally!
“: I got the moves like Jagger”
I ain't being critical, but you got the xerox "ill" or "real" individuals, but ain't nothing like the original.......lol
Facebook needs these 3 buttons: "dislike", "who cares?", and "are you an idiot?!" ugh... Ppl sometimes. *rolls eyes*
I wasn't aware of this. Thanks for putting it on my radar. MIT media lab continues to blow my mind.
Unbelievable video: Is this the largest wave ever ridden? bit.ly/veMNES #surfing ( via )
Are Rick Santorum and Ron Paul even at this debate?
Fuck this Essay.
Make plans to be this Sunday night as we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus!
it's going to drive me crazy I'm still trying to get it to upload!
we got some excedrin at our office, I'm not there but someone should be able to help you.
When it's just because you love me You'll let me Maybe
what's good son!
That is still weird. I hope you get royalties at least!
You're single? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. me too.
I hardly ever update this thing anymore! I wish I wasn't so bad at tweeting haha
hey I know you you always order three piece of cheesecake
Dinner with Mom's before the game I Love You
Pinterest has a "value" of over a billion dollars?
Yep my kid is playin baseball.
: Did The Big Dig involve the construction of a new airport named Ligan that is meant to compete with Logan?
Columbus, Ohio ranked 3rd in the WORLD as smartest city by the Intelligence Community Forum...Great job Columbus keep us prospering!
Casting, characters, dialogue all spot-on. RT "Parenthood" cld be best TV drama & Jason Katims the guy who can adapt anything
How is 3 million Vietnamese dying because of our hubris a good thing?
totally busted mine. Ugh.
Me please. RT : Holy Hour tonight. Who wants prayer?
oh really.
I find it funny that so many white ppl on tweeter talk so ghetto and "hard" but in person they would never pull that shit
He isn't a 'Jewish leader'... he thinks he owns small faction in Likud. So, you think Jews shouldn't be allowed Temple Mount?
<U+27BD><U+275D>The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where one ends, and the other begins?<U+275E> Poe
A mole can dig a tunnel about 300 feet long in just one night!
sold!! Congrats! Well done.
I hear ya Drew!! “: Cat-lanta her we come! Ready to pay back the Hoosiers and go after banner #8. #gr8ness #8pril #gobigblue”
#Pinchat is on right now. Into #Pinterest ? Join and others
I can't watch Azarenka. Her moans are so obnoxious
Q0) This week I've learned that you can't do everything on your own and that you need to ask for help more often.
great to meet you! You were last night?
So using the product means I cannot deplore how it is made? Bullshit.
Thank you soo much! I am so glad you enjoy it!
RT “ "Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth." -- Albert Einstein.”
that's kinda gay bro... Haha jk man I miss ya too. Start hitting me up
I've got a lot of author sites but book specific--not as many. What genre are you looking for? I can probably find some.
Killing mosquitoes like it ain't nobody's business.
Listening to throwback and reading Great Gatsby <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wish everyday was Friday! :B
glad to hear it Justin ..good for you
really would love it if someone could text me.....
First to jump on Twitter, Andrew Luck or #RGIII?
Always trying to throw the POTUS under the bus concerning poor ppl. Such a bitter, hating brother.
NeuroFocus video (on YouTube) is fantastic #ideaseconomy - one for every entrepreneur!
Woohoo! RT : Heading to "the GoLab" (on 6th ) for a couple of presentations and beer garden .
how many times has someone tweeted that? Lol
Yep! Four hours on the plane, the rest in the hanger! The epi is "Mai Ka Wa Kahiko"! Good to see DDK again. He's a great guy.
Team no sleep whey u b lol
imagine can't "ban" but can influence & bad pr 4plyr 2rebel. Hints at NHL dynamic/plyr leverage vs other sports
I don't buy shot glasses, I just use regular glasses and don't fill them up that much. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Definitely thanks!
I guess tomorrow will be a fun day. Let's see.
Just added Poke The Box by Seth Godin to our #Workspring library! Thanks #TAOM!
Loving all your tweets :)
Yeah thats a bummer :/ but thank you we appreciate your support!
Why did God invent economists?So accountants could have someone to laugh at.
Just browsing through some Rocheter people's profiles
Nicolas Cage said he once woke to see a naked man wearing his leather jacket eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed. Fun.
"L'americano" wins best short film at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!! OMG!
I want more sassy Linda Levy!
Check out "The Ace", Surachi Ace from Brewmaster's Reserve plus 3 more Brooklyn brews for sampling party tonite from 6-8pm
Feeling thankful for the opportunities I have daily
What is with teachers and skits? I do not want to do a skit about the do's and don't of communicating with me from my DISC profile.
is cousin. She's really pretty (: <3
:( another horrific divorce in San Diego with Love/Doyne partners. Money wins - not the children..... Ethical attys. beware.
ss looking forward to this 8 game home stand gonna be a fun 1
Ordering a nicely discounted iPad2 for my parents' 50th anniv. So tempted to treat myself too. Alas, I haven't been married long enough.
Oh, and I was at Goddard two weeks ago. Where were you?
20 LIKES & Ill Put Up A Baby Pic Of Me (:
Do you host any programs yourself?
Nap time.
I'm signing up for this weekend (after payday)!
You did WHAT for HOW MANY jellybeans?! Damn........
I'm following you just based on your handle! I drink Miller Lite
The #Aztecs make a nice run before half but still trail the Broncos 30-32.
Salt all in my wounds
thank you so much!
Have a great coupon code for any followers interested in half off ticket prices for Six Flags!
Yes! RT : Ditto RT : I question my parenting skills daily. Do you know what that means? That means I'm
You don't know you're beautiful.
The iOS Wunderground radio player has a section for Prelinger Archives, but yes -- I agree with you!
Hiding out in the bathroom at work. Have a meeting at 815.
WILL BE LIVE ON APRIL 25! SUPPORT & TEXT "CASH" TO 79922 TO VOTE #CASHINOUT ON 106&PARK"
Just got back from Georgia <3
You can still go to Franklin. Unless you don't want to.
Man I wish the Rangers and Mavericks would give the Cowboys some of that Tiger Blood.
No plans as of right now for today and tomorrow, just sitting here doing nothing :/
that was me
weird ?: have you seen the movie getting levis Johnson? If so, what did you think of it???
o ok what you got planned for today
Something tells me it's going to cost him a lot more than $7K with his wife!
finna cop the louie belt.. GET WIT ME
o dam my bad but u gon cum pick up the cheese afta its done or pay pal
hi Louis <3 can I get a happy birthday from you? It is my 16th birthday... and I seriously love you. It would mean so much!
Workout with me and Leland. We're so hardxcore. I'm sure you've noticed.
Just finished seeing Twilight: Breaking Dawn, I don't want to wait another year for part 2!
It's only 8pm and i've already eaten pancakes eggs and bacon, a hamburger, a hot dog, a torta de picadillo, and a lot of fruit. i love food!
We're excited! Thanks! RT : . receives an award for their work on the science of the Olympic Winter Games.
Good Morning, how's your Friday looking?
The weaker we get, the stronger He becomes...Lord, let me decrease, so that You may increase.
yeah but I save that money. I mean like a job that I get a regular paycheck and always have incoming money.
i can see him being almost Cowher like-15+ years in Green Bay... him as well as Ted..
I start the same day!
Happy Hour from 4-6pm everyday!! Enjoy 1/2 Price Wine, Beer & Sushi!!
UGH...it's sales tax time! I'll be buried in paperwork for awhile!
If Taco Bell delivered, they would make so much money today.
THIS year I'm buying dollar store for these kind of times. Lol!
dude!!! So good to hear ure voice! We cali folk are. missing out
Who is faster with the ball in their hands, Derrick Rose or Ty Lawson?
Tuning #Obama out. He lies, lies, and lies.
is doing something cool, id love to talk to the devs.
#GOP Agendas:(1) #GOP VOTERS choose CA$H over CONSCIENCE=Voter Suppression(2) #GOP VOTERS choose CA$H ovr CHARACTER= #GOP "IMMORAL BUDGET"
Aw man. I think I missed the parade on my block!
Fuck the planet earth
is pregnant
I am already in the process, also was telling my friends about it. Theater Majors are pretty active readers :)
I've been "ducking" those guys all year, gotta wait a year or so lol
Happy 4th of july for everyone!!!
Tweethearts!! If u could ask a homeless person one question what would it be?
Did you know Zuma gives out FREE tokens for A's & B's...Stop by with your report card today!
Can't wait for summer time!
I knew i was doin somethin wrong haha RT : You can't shake a whore tree and expect an angel to fall out..
: Mom (NOT me): "Housewife Porn!" Boys (looking completely horrified): "How bout the Blackhawks? Bulls? Sports!"
sounds like typical Bailey to me lol
Wow Mike Wallace of 60 minutes just died.
New biz idea - similar to 's mobile car wash service, but rather for checking and optimizing tire pressure. I need this.
HEARTBROKEN! I dont think I can EVER recover from this one! Well played Patriots, great team season but came up short! Kudos to Giants!
"Remember: It's ok to look back but don't stare. "
yep I sent her the link to the sourceforge page I think they have a howto there no problem have fun with it
Those who say its impossible should not interrupt those doing it. Unknown
RT if u love justice.Searching 4 insiders willing 2 talk re:how SDPD whitewashed Arevalos sex assault complaints.
Invuity: Taking Surgery Out of the Dark Ages
no problem Josh! Luv u <33
I have gotten so much done in the past two hours. I am so proud of myself. Now as reward-- pick up dinner, nap, eat!
#marketing is a harmonic use of tools to communicate. You wouldn't fix a leaky faucet with a shovel right?
Oh, boy... looks real good early against The freak has struck out four of the first six Bucs he's faced.
Rick Ross Talks 'Great Relationship' With Lil Wayne, Cash Money
damn Chaka looks great now.
Cursing spin coach for getting "Moves LIke Jagger" stuck in my head from class this a.m. it's driving me a bit batty.
Watching the Simpsons movie in APES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
National Semi-Finals today! 2pm against Apprentice. So pumped
In for two CX races this weekend. Single and crash 5s (4b)
Eating an entire bag of Trader Joe's Reduced Fat Cheese Puffs because reduced fat makes it okay.
Christina Millian is on Meet the Browns :)
It's dumb for LA to have 2 teams.
Anything can happen at anytime!
...was that for me?
#TasteMakersKS im a consultant, i specialize in technology, but do social media, production and branding for music, movies, and start-ups.
sex is the young folks addiction..... mines is MARIJUANA(:
High frequency bus line my ass! I've been standing here a half hour!
What about grep isn't working for you, tho?
or you're a human pancake
still laughing about G "going into labor" because he didn't want to be at work
I think he made her very happy but I also think it wouldn't have lasted (this) long. She appeared very happy though..
New blog just posted....meet Mr. Hypnotist httwp://www.kissandim.com
It is better to burn out then fade away.
Watching Basketball Wives !
Stoked to play all these non-Richmond shows! It is probably going to be different though, because your Richmonders treat us so well!
So apparently really red lipstick is back in style but note to pasty white girls, it's just like skinny jeans, it's not for everyone...
Why are there so many people hating on One Direction & Justin Bieber lately?
I remember when I sucked
Good afternoon there. How are you doing today?
Another amazing night. Dinner then homemade dessert. So happy
is there a limit?
At Blu jam cafe on melrose with a nice group of friends. :-) life is good.
If you could read my mind youll be In tears
the good that you are and have will out shine everything else.
Go and observe each other's classes.
MARSHALL GOT A SAVE?!?!? It must be a sign of the apocalypse! He's NOT a closer!!! #FireDusty!!
Out of $1500 NLH. Flopped 10s w flush draw w 10sJs v AA on 102s4s and missed. Then short out w A10 v j4.
just get rid of the undies and all is solved
ahh i know i would love to! i hate leaving dc, and YOU!!! haha you ran away from taking shots! that was hilarious!
;; I like your "jane" part ! change the first part to mary , and that's what I'm on !! WOO ! And ;; why do you wanna se ...
where is my creative writing skills
WFGM needs volunteers for our Thank-you-thon phone drive on Tues., Oct. 11 from 5pm-8pm. Email if interested.
Austin bound this weekend ...Birthday round 3!!!
Way to keep OKC in check so far Lakers. Keep the Defensive pressure and tie this series up.
Who else thinks it's gay when guys take baths? I swear that's so gay to me.
I lived at Sunset and Gardner... my old hood! Too bad I wasn't doing standup then... it's a place for it.
Everyone check out pic
"Wooded Area" neighborhood name is very muich used (and coveted) in Point Loma
Burgerville + mimosas + Michael Jacksons corpse = weirdest day EVER
Please say it's not piss or you are severely dehydrated.
That was my little surprise !!
Everyone have a blessed day!
yep he sure "did"
your crazy you followed me haha
we thinkin of dropping "work" tonight
Sorry to disappoint but I was not in costume, ha. (I had come from a prior engagement.) Next time!
thinking about reading Catching FIre for the second time.
#PRAllStarsMichael and #PRAllStarsMondo are the best bromance EVER!! SO CUTE!! lol
Niggas about to have a face off tonight, it's going down and it ain't even Friday yet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Kobe playin sick an still the best player on the court
New ways to lead a healthier lifestyle
According to the AP, Men's & Women's Basketball teams are BOTH expected to make the Final Four. Both preseason
Only Built for a Cuban Linx.
Smooth Operator- SADE... Very nice piece of music!
Also: I love Premium
Exit 162! :D
Watch for on the Biggest Loser tonight. Yay Clay!
Same to you Carolyn! Looking forward to conversations in 2012
Fun animal fact: a chameleon's eyes can look in different directions at the same time!
That's right folks, It's TEBOW TIME!!!! You should make Schultz wear a Tebow Jersey tomorrow!
Fishy onion rings my new unrecorded single with smell ya later
Finally saw the new #Sherlock movie last night... Loved it! Especially thought was hilarious & perfect as Mycroft Holmes.
“: We just made a donation to rockstars for their amazing work w #civilunions bill! Thank you #gay #vegan”
check your hawkville
In order to protect our belongings, my roommates and I will be adopting a rescue panther.
very true, but Matt "Mattyice" Kemp had nothing on Mat "Mattyice" Gamel in tonight's game
Where do the Packers stand cap-wise if they land Tollefson on top of the other 2 signings?
Tim Lincecum is so cute.
CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great Tuesday!!
Stuffing my face with cookies.
I want those
. Some of my best memories of after high school involve working with Christopher Knight (Rand) at WKHQ.
Today's coaching highlight for Seattle U is none other then the head coach for the Men's soccer program! Brad Agoos Biography - Seattle...
we learned the word vaya in spanish the other day haha
Rain rain go away I got to be in boston to dj! Going on 5 hours sitting on runway!
That is brilliant, is it possible to create an app for that? Without re configuring the Ipad?
And one of them was me! #travel #studyabroad RT Record 3 million foreign tourists visited #Chile in 2011.
Quality #payroll services are better at QTS Payroll with new reporting tools for clients by Readywebgo - www.qtspayroll.com
you are so cute
Wrecked and torn up vans>>>> i am a boy who likes a comfortable pair of shoes with character
Great news KU fans Turner Gill is GONE!
MR Blow! great article on Romney in Times!! You are a great voice for peace and freedom keep on keepin' on! Love Eliot Fisk
what was DD's score. Cant see it here
Been off of twitter for a bit. Been working on the #RVA region homeless simulation for tomorrow participated last year
Heres to the mahomies in Texas who love austin & will do anything for him to stay & not move <U+E328>
#IE4ME - is rocking the AMA Gift Lounge at the SLS Hotel in Los Angeles!
favorite things!! “: Patio weather makes me happy! #cherrycreek #denver”
How to avoid social media faux pas - ZDNet Asia (blog)
oh hunny bunches, I SAW THAT I CALL MY AUNT & WAS RANTINGG LIKE THE WHOLE TIME! -____-
One of my Favorite Micheal Jackson songs #DirtyDiana ;)
First morning jog in a long time. Feels great, but staying consistent will be the challenge. Any other Logan / Dupont / Shaw AM joggers?
in the studio
Please call me at :D
RT : i love masc bttms. there is nothing sexier
Cinco de Mayo, you gonna celebrate or is it just another reason to drink? Gonna cause any problems in high schools like last year/
Real rain!
sure - we could do a webex or similar. When are you holding the class?
Hey Caleb! Your awesome
Great to see people getting active! Can you say #SpringFever?
No worries. Wes Anderson is fighting the good fight RT : Someone needs to stop Tim Burton before he ruins every good children's book.
thanks for following! i followed back :]
2011.07.04 #Diamondbacks 8 #Brewers 6 | Shaun Marcum grand slam / fails to carry the day / with shaky bullpen
“Good fiction is made of what is real, and reality is difficult to come by.” ~ Ralph Ellison
yeoo your the man JR be goodd and represent whats real !
thank you!! Miss you tons!
Can't wait for spring break!
beautiful shot! Love the flowers.
Pat Houston is the right woman for the job.
What makes you think I can read music? I probably haven't read a note since I was in 6th grade. I'm all ear.
:) you're welcome!
thank you for the inspiring words.
Wow royals... It's only the first inning.
Oh gosh, I am so fat...
Looking at twitter timeline is like watching
Good enough never is. - Debbi Fields
since you're taking guesses full on...here's mine all spelled out...Pinetop Perkins
WAS FINA SLIDE OUT BUT FUCK IT GET HI NIGHT AT HIDDEN GROVE WITH THE BRU CEELO NIGGA GOT HEAD AKE. BT SHIT FUCKS WITH ME IF ENY ON CELLY
I'm jealous! No chocolate pancakes down here in Marco Is.
starting to understand the project's nat language algorithms! Cool. Now focusing on how to load our orig txt from the csv?
Ah ha! I can pay you back for all the cool stuff you teach me and train you to use my awesome budget spreadsheet.
Go shop in our webstore so the Night Owl staff can afford tickets to see this April!! Bruuuccce!
Heading to the pool for a while with the boys to try to soak off some of this heat before watching sweaty fights tonght at the USKC.
No...just took a few days longer than I thought it would to finish. I extended the due date. Check email for details
Say hello to SASHIMI! It's not just for the brave- but it is the healthiest option with it being just the slice of fish.
I feel so *white.... Ehh
Thanks Jan!
im at home now
WHY AREN'T YOU AT SCHOOL? D:<
Bitty as in "old bitty" or old lady. And I was really too surprised to react. Plus I have a no wailing on old ladies policy
aww thank u soo much ;) for compliment ^^ HELL YEAH ;)
Describing Sensation in 1 tweet would be hardest thing in the world. No words.
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
I know he was so cute!!!! I was like OMG can I please hug him and never let go
When my parents dont answer its alright. When i dont answer, its not. Its like ww3.
Vets Unite, the social network for Veterans has been launched! Now offering free VA Claim Submission
And it was like a week or two shows that you did miss me ^.^ And it was a long ass time since were use to texting 24/7.
#ThingsIWonder who's still going to be my friend after going to college..
do you guys have any further plans after the echo six maps are done? Sequel? More dlc? I love ORC! Huge RE fan
omfg I was. I confess. Haha
By request, The Chaos Agent will be coming up in 15 minutes, right here on WSUPFL! -Crystal
Thanks to all who came out and made Riesling Week so successful, always fun to do something different!
I ate like 5 tacos last night! And I don't even like pork!
Yep! Cooking with one hand, tweeting with the other and yelling out homework help over my shoulder. Out with bikes now ;-)
It's always fun being on the road. Lobster dinner in Maine (I know it's not lobster season).
DrewScott Dope Producer!
It was awesome. No but I did discover poke (raw marinated ahi), and have vowed to make it at home this weekend.
damn you and your addictive and catchy unicorn attack
Who says,who says you're not perfect.
its wierd talkin about sex with your parents ... my aunt keeps saying pussy and its making me feel ikky!!!!
so true !
RSVP to Audrey Watne at .nyu.edu. Thanks for your interest! Hope to see you there.
Stayed up to see my friends on ! xoxo
This college offers classes that you will likely not find elsewhere, such as Natural Health Studies and Equine Science
Trash Can Hoes Cnt Smoke My Tree
how funny i'm peeing as i type this
I *may* have done the same thing. LOL! #nip RT We just had to rewind to Jlo so Curtis could weigh in #nipslip or
I can only be and do me cause everyone else is taken
Best of luck on the GMAT tomorrow!
yeah why
Don't open any emails from us we are working on it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!!!!
Tweet me a number and I will rate your twitter
Hope all my mermaid fans have a great day!!! Mermaid kisses for all!! :)
the problem w Martin was too many GP questions. Doesn't want to be Mr GP.
Ohh! I thought you already got a break? But I'll see you when you get home! <3 Love you! :*
Patient: Doc, I feel like a GOAT! Doc: Really, since when? Patient: Since I was a KID! ;)
Even if you were the only person I followed, Twitter would still be grand. Thanks for the chuckles. : in fairn
Where have you been this week twitter? Oh yeah its me that's been distant.
thank you for retweeting my article. I really appreciate it.
Elevated radon levels found in The Village at Rolesville. 30% off radon tests to neighborhood residents now through Feb. 15, 2010.
Great, thanks for the link. We'll have to see what we can come up with that his fans would love.
Don't forget to take part in the #bigdataweek Survey www.bigdataweek.cdsom/survey
Just now, an unrealized alternate dimensional timeline was created in which space lobsters cooked me breakfast. Thanks, space friends.
what's worse than forgetting a hashtag, right? like, just shoot me. #
At the UN press tent. It is like the journo Olympic Village
We're going to be on 1290 WMCS with Earl Ingram this afternoon - tune in!
Grayson is 3 months&3wks & drawing conclusions about world. He shows approval w/an all-out gummy grin & disapproval by puking on your shirt
Just went through my forthcoming one last time before submitting my final line edits to It. Is. Finished.
could you use wallwisher? I can't think of anything that wouldn't require an account...
I write because it brings me pleasure & joy. I am able to express myself—the many shades of me—through pen & paper. It's a gift I can't deny
Good morning #NOLA! It's another beautiful day! Join us for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30
Billy the Kid on tonight at 8pm on Join conversation by using the hashtag #americanexperience - DVD giveaways too!
Getting my tmobile back
It means I need a good recruiting campaign for "The Averagette".
Guys are the most confusing people on the face of the earth. It's a fact
dolled up!!!
Hugs and prayers
do it!
I once tried to make hummus...I think I have you both beat for the nickname.
Maybe a tweet-o-matic?
I like it when I scare my fishes with the net. #lmao <U+E105><U+E107><U+E522><U+E019><U+E328>
Special Situation and Exceptions in Slip and Fall Injury Cases
ankle boots ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle boots :)
Really bummed my commute caused me to miss tonight's #PRStudChat, great advice though!
Can someone please explain to me why we still have school?
up late working on www.civilwardata150.net data, desperately trying to finish before Civil War + 150 officially begins.
I can't get the link for the nonlinear films to work.
I need time... Anyone want to sell me some?
i know rite~
Any icon with Jennette in it I love! She's perfect!! You pick some great icons! :]
Me + you ima tell ya one time
Talking about college with mommy.
I guess that dream was telling me I need to talk to my husband more.
RT this if you want us to share our special a la carte dishes available on #ValentinesDay !!
It's raining and I can hear a neighbor playing the violin from an open window. $50 says a vampire knocks on my door in 5 minutes.
Oops, sorry about the duplicate posts this morning. Life happens ;-)
#ImHopingThat someday it could be like it was, way down in the future, everything will work out, with me & youu..
ets - harvesting songs from the universal radio station.
more #NFL tweets please!
Can't. Stop. Sneezing.
for how long?
i say the same thing to myself and yet we are both still up late lol. sad life haha
RT : Mark your calendars... Pet Day on the Bay is May 12th this year! Your pup's ears are sure to perk up ;)
Mr. Estrada, resident of LOCO describes the importance of keeping up with our new economic reality & how the FLES program is critical.
They make purple doritos?
LOL! Good one. How about: tambourine always too close to the mic?
And for drummer Drew Billings, he's "Couchbone" all the way. Guitarist GarthBoyst? Just give him a hi 5.
Forcing myself to write a conference proposal (just in the nick of time).
ConQuesT is Memorial Day weekend. I'll be on panels most of Saturday and book signing.
5th cup of coffee today. SUP
Going to the zoo tomorrow to see the monkeys!!! #RNS lol
Major headache! :(
#Ghettocrayoncolors blue waffle
RT : RT : Fight for the things you love. Love the things worth fighting for.
Don't RT any of the others, I'll go and find them in your TL! Xoxo
Guinness and blue cheese. Who knew?
Every young lady should be bumpin' Lady Don't Tek No. Fellas too. It's going on a playlist for my niece right now!
Not nearly as fun to lay out on the beach when you forget your towel. Hello sandy crack.
OMG I bought boyfriend on my ipod! Now I can't stop listening to it! I got it yesterday, and I know the WHOLE song! I<3You
I think he's drunk.
Thanks for the follow. Check out He is an incredible metal guitarist like
Almond crusted eggplant with bruschetta and mozzarella over quinoa - my favorite late night, got all my mom chores done, dinner
Hey there loyal twitter followers. I've starting working with this great group Ode Please do me a favor a throw them a follow!
ooh, who will Mr. Irrelevant be?
Havent done crap all day and want to continue
Great. Thanks to years of mental conditioning, I now have an unassailable craving for pickles. I blame you.
yeah! where rte you?
"The Eagles have gone from the "Dream Team" to the "I'm Not Sure I Believe" Team"
My quick take on Indian regional election results: Congress remains weak in UP, but so does BJP. A change of cast, not so much character?
Come the hell outside!! Ugh I dislike him not having a phone
talks marriage, housing and black wealth on #washingtonwatch 11 am ET/PT
I know. Why were you all excited?! Haha
A lifetime #car2go membership is currently only $35! This fee includes: maintenance, fueling, insurance, parking & 24 hr cust. service line!
Watching a documentary about Scrabble Champions... did yall know that San Diego can also spell DIAGNOSE? Love learning shit like that.
Is that a Madonna lyric? RT ": Hope is alive in these angel eyes tonight."
me: "this is almost as exciting as college basketball!!" : "just stop talking."
Thanks for the follow. Are you guys deep in #linsanity?
Now that's something worth investing in
do you think gluten free diets help individuals with autism? or is it just a fad?
“: LOL FUNNY ASS LUNCH! Love you crazy HOES!” love you too! Lol
Blame on the alcohol and Mary j...lol
I don't know what that is but I like the sounds of it.
people are talking about auto tune and Jordan. Do you know what that's all about?
What a writer wants to do is not what he does. -- Jorge Luis Borges
You need a bold face, to go with your bold outfit. How ya doin.
has been unfollowed.
wfc had glitches i hope foc does cause ppl hack them and if you do not know how to hack you glitch to end other cheaters
i need a guy that actually has the balls to tell me the truth!
i wish i could do thatt...
Relating a story of how she was introduced to Capstone Interactive Library. They gave her a district trial
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap. I think I'm more tired now than I was before the nap. #howisthatpossible?
I loved your artwork shown on #SOS. Will you be having an East Coast show anytime soon? You were also luminous on the finale.
Good afternoon to you 2... Wats up? (:
Met the nicest Jehovah Witnesses while planting the trees. They gave me a tree history of Baltimore Elms, and this wasn't in their pamphlet.
Hope to see you there! Pino Daniele is one of our favorites!
Had a couple of closings today!
The chicken man trumpet playing mini bike rider so OMG lol
Yep.. I'm ready to start walking.
Did you know that you can recycle small batteries at There is a collection bin on the information desk at the Lombard St. entrance.
Time to vote. Yowza!
Not sure I agree with that. If he showcases an offseason-improved defensive game his stock will rise considerably.
this crap is eggplants e-g-g-p-l-a-n-t-s <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
What do you want Chloe?(; Just kidding.
Using GET encode params into a URI. This isn't explicit by the HTTP spec, but it's best practice for GET to not have a body
I'm always impressed by booze. Esp liqueurs.
Mexico in a month or so... Need some sun! How about you?
Just arrived at #sunlife to see the BLACK EYED PEAS tear it down their last show ever
Thursday: made summer school syllabi, graded 12 papers, read for 2 hours, watched Hitchcock's 'Shadow of a Doubt.' Not bad.
Life Member gameday parking at Alumni Hall is no longer available today. The lot is now full.
he just like followed u out of no where ur hella lucky
Netflix be on some BULLSHI*!!!
when boys always disrespect me so I can get their attention <<<< like, I don't even wanna be bothered by you. Leave me the fuck alone bitch.
“: I'm thrilled to start contributing to 's beer coverage..." congrats Paul! Look forward to reading more...
...about a dozen came from and in the nation's capital 450,000 fans attended this year's Jazz Fest
13 hours and counting on Amtrak. Anyone who still believes in the dominance of the USA has never taken regional rail.
Love that photo. Thanks for the Smithismn.
thanks Toni for the follow. Please let us know if we can help with any furniture related items!
no problem. Good day?
Hearing sing Dyce to sleep melts my heart.
right. What I MEANT to say was Given early-inning woes thus far, before the game wouldn't you have taken Wolf, thru 3 down two?
oh okay cool!! THIS GUNNA BE FUN.
To every1 tht im not following thts following me. Im sorry, i have reached my limit, unless i get 1000 followers help me out pls. Ill follow
you're literally rift across the street. I still can't figure out why we haven't been. You have the best sounding food!
Henry Rodriguez, Bama of the Night
Hahah. I love 80s hair metal and stuff. And foreign bands.
Food Fact of the Day: Apr 1st, 1996 Taco Bell playing an April Food joke claims to have bought the Liberty Bell. reducing the national debt
If you can speed sleep, you can get 8 hours of sleep in only 3. Then you can wake up and keep recording.
#TwSIG Public opinion is being formed in part by Tweets and FB. Many businesses will respond to the twitter stream and negative opinion
god +family + education +basketball or diee
it's no official yet but yes same band members different band name.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at S&S Tire and Auto Service Centers! All Caring Club...
Wait, so this banning football debate was a real thing?
I hate to admit it, but Garnett still has it. Too gross.
On the road with the Loyola jazz band. Just played our first stop in Memphis and hanging on Beale st. later tonight. NOLA dun spoiled me...
When You're Feeling Lost & Wanna Be Found,Wear Love Like A Crown. Wear Love Like A Crown <33
I just submitted an application to in the hopes that I can receive some funding for Parlour to Parlour. Wish me luck!
For those of you in , don't forget CAT vice-chair and general committee apps are due by midnight tomorrow!
hell yea i think dey gne beat kansas
Happy presidents day weekend. There nothing like a hottie with a tophat and loads of authority!
Wow, these men are turning into puppy dogs meeting Emily. Have none of these men dated attractive women? Where are the confident men?
Neenah Paper Declares Quarterly Dividend and Announces Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 16, 2012
I couldn't either. I need a clear separation between my private and public life.
": BOY: "Is your body from McDonalds?" GIRL: "Why? Cause you're lovin' it?" BOY: "No, because it's fat and greasy.""
Stinky Gringo is excited to announce the authorization of Original & Strawberry Margaritas in the Seven County Metro Milwaukee Pick N Saves
And I really love the trumpet
This is why politicians change their spots faster than a cheetah can BLINK
Sometimes #oomf gives me no hope.
Spring Auctions - New York Times
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?1
I think i just saw a celeb's "Ambien tweet". About half disturbing, half funny. :) Something about The Thunder basketball & her fans?
where are you? Lol
Up early with #RHCP set-list.. to excited for tonight! Finally May 11th!! [*]
Isn't it funny how people feel the need to label others. We only need to care about your heart!
About to do these pics from yesterday !
so u think Pitino was honorable for having sex w/ his employees wife in a restaurant? They were both horribly wrong/fire able acts
Congrats to our pals & fellow #entrepreneurs for the release of v3 of the pintley app! We <3 beer! Keep up the great work, gents.
Twitter is like an endless conversation to yourself ...
Bitches need learn some common courtesy.
Bullshit never ends... Will I ever be happy?
The door it opened slowly..my father he came in. I was 9 years old. I thought i saw an eagle though it might have been a vulture.
Thank you for the follow! Feels awesome to be followed by the author of the "first" ever poker ever read by me.
Not yet. Just the dakotas, MN, and WI. It starts with distribution. We have to sign with a distributor in your area 1st.
Why you gotta be so blind? Why dont you open up your eyes?
lmao no worries dude. I've got shit to do today but ill hit you up when I'm done and on my way.
thanks so much man! Let's do something this week!
Don't forget it's #teacherappreciationweek ! You still have two days to do something for the special #teachers in your life!
HA! As in Mandolay Bay or SF Bay! Just checking, cause you'd be one place I'd be the other! How I accidentally "roll!" HA! =D
what does that mean..? Cuz I've heard sum crazy stuff last two days #illuminate ??
just tried Omar's Cafe on Mt. Prospect #Newark! pictures to come for Food Porn Friday. Believe the hype!
,We believe the Lord is going 2 use these songs 4 hope & healing! Honored to have u @ Redeemed Girl Institute!
watching NatGeo's show Amish: Out of Order. And yes....it's amazing. :D
It's amazing what makeup can do..
Thanks for the RT, Bill!
I'll probably weirdly text you
#IGetJealousOf people who don't have to work on beautiful days like this
It was great meeting you! Excited to be your mentee. :)
RT : Monday's should be optional.
I'd love to see that! Haha
Ok, who the hell didn't tell Punto to throw home? That's completely pathetic.
All night work party. Yippee.
I blame Radio Disney. RT : This a.m. Charlie tied Robbie at 3 in the # of times each has puked in MY car. 0 in Amy's.
still has to prove it, but read context, all he said was "I think I'm the best" 95 percent of players have same mindset.
haha cheap asses what are you doing tonight?
Silent but violent
My favorite side at Maguire's is ______.
How much of your eating is related to your emotions? Watch out for more on this today!
Happy Birthday !!!!!:) hope you have a great birthday!!!!!
BTW, this account in 100% libraries shit, about 50% overlap with ET, so I won't be offended if you don't want to follow it. <3
Ugh, I KNEW I was going to regret signing up for The Knot. Just got an email advertising a "Bridelicious Booty Camp." Just...no.
thanks for the shout out and encouraging others to follow!
I hate that I can't change my twitter my name on my phone
I got a Canon SD 1100 is - it looks pretty cool so I'm hoping to get some great pictures!
Nuggets radio play by play voice Jason Koszmicki on now talking about the Nugs' new signings!
has anyone ever tried #bubbletea with #soymilk? if so, how was it?
OK, here's the deal: the universe is (in truth) pointillistic. Them be gaps between the grains.
Gallon challenge with and
Holy crap! I got a 100% on my Anthropology paper!!
Congrats Ruby! I miss your face.
Mike Tyson that **** Im talking lights out..OMG.
Just finished an intense 24 hour session of non-stop design. With Very proud of our work.
WHY DID THE PICTURE GO TO JAIL? BECAUSE IT WAS FRAMED! :-)
Colin Ferrel is my future husband. He is so gorgeous!
No worries, it's a sleep condition that is scary as hell, google it. Miss you and love you. I am the happiest a guy could be.
I miss talking to you (:
Thanx to the students in #H340 for a great semester. I learned much while working with all.
Once you get everything settled, I wanna come up and party with you. Go see a Reds game maybe RT thanks
don't we need the #PBS gang to acknowledge their #ABA roots? The PBS sites I've seen bury ABA references
yes legit. I don't fuck with anyone who fucks with fakes. And idk I'll email him
Kate! What are you doing eating cupcakes, no matter how delicious?!
Congrats! Unfortunately, he still has u beat on nicknames MT redemption on Sex Panther during elite 8 gms... psycho wins 30-0.
I need a backiotomy. Back is so sore. Perching on reference chair is not helping.
i started a draw free game with you :)
Happy Birthday from LA to the A! Wishing you an amazing day and weekend! M
amazing Connie Rice:amer policing tactics stems from slavery &the suppression & containment of African slaves
i wish i had an ipod anymore....
Missed made in Chelsea last night :( what happened??
oh you
scared money, don't make no money.
I need a boyfriend
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What does your heart tell you? I mean, which one would you rather see naked?!
If Felton could play like this consistently, I could dig it
Philly...Flip it to PHL17.... is on! My interview with w/ will be featured!
Let's hope this 9th inning doesn't end w/ a dropped pop-up
Just got in the car. Thermometer on dash says 105
just finished watching 's NEVER SAY NEVER! best movie ever :) loved every moment of it! <3
#OscarTweet Octavia Spencer: stunning, gracious and clearly very proud of #TheHelp -
Your Neighborhood Plumber NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies....24/7
aye bro i just emailed you hit me up when you get a chance.
Last few bites of chametz before #Passover tomorrow- thanks for making it extra tasty
Aha! The back of her head "lookin lik some road kill!!!" Hahahahaha! Always renew your tracks dont leave it in for 9months with out moisture
Awww thanks love. It's def a great combo: beautiful weather and Bday. :)
Two comments: 1) Kobe tripped over himself. 2) Closer is a baseball term. Dennis Eckersley > Kobe Bryant. GO MAVS.
it's reminding me more and more of lost... and the last episode really surprised me. you?
A9: do a full tour of the south pacific
Looking forward to trying out the Hangout Sunday. Gotta borrow the wife's cam-equipped laptop, tho...
amen to that...did you here the choir rehearsal tonight ?..this is Koda....the singing cop. Lol
I love I miss his tweets :'[
Q. Who is the greatest babysitter mentioned in the Bible?A. David. He rocked Goliath to sleep.
oh shut up
Are your labor costs higher than you'd like them to be? We can help! Email us at
whoever this so called "boss" is who didn't invite me. My feelers are hurt.
well, it IS the University of *NEW ORLEANS*
It;s going to be hard to drink a cold beer in this Texas heat
All seems good these days, will relax for sure and take it easy today. Love to all
Got more facts. Basically, it IS rare, but there are some bacteria resistant to antibiotics, mostly east coast.
It hurts.
Missing India, but a lot of great viewpoints : Is the Social Enterprise Bubble About to Burst?
Dude. I'm. So. Bored. It's not even plobnorg.
yes can't wait til your there it will be awesome:)
All aspiring #Actors and #Actresses should be following What are you waiting for?
They represent two different aspects of digitization, but maybe both trending toward more open, flexible approaches.
That #SNF intro for the Patriots D' sums up the problem perfectly: guys so unknown they dont even have an intro graphic
Get the Free app for free right now in the Apple App Store & Android Market now & get a ton of free stuff
I hate waiting on transit
Want first chance of winning tickets from ? Sign up to receive it before the rest! Email and sign up!!
Q3 My work has a frantic Oral History project that is trying to cover as many Austrian Holocaust survivors as possible.
Thanks for the post Gary.
Very good point...and the novel does look a lot like our own society...
good luck man.. hope to see it published
I'm trying my best
Rec. using one browser: Google Chrome, preferably. Use usb tether to 'see' work in real time as you create
RT : #IWasThereWhen played alchemy index songs live for the 1st time! + they play my request of "Atlantic" too!
if your still looking for a partner for vball you got one right here!!
it's okay, your not the only one (hangs head in shame)
#beatLA hell yes Nuggets! Show them whos Boss :)
When i was younger!
it took me a few hours to change transparency background...i don't get it yet...
Good night!
I sent it to ya as sneak peak!
Follow RT I bet Rick Santorum has "accommodated Boehner" more than once.
ew why is everyone in my school so weird?!?! freaks omg ugh
he sports our band on his back with our shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Brisbane your looking beautiful today
Why do people believe everything the newspaper says but question what the Bible says?
*stuffing addiction. Not audition.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never. ---Charles Caleb Colton
just watching TV. How about you?
And he is cute
Thanks for the RT!
you have every oppurtunity to be with him! shut up & be grateful he's not getting jerked away from you stop worrying what other people think
Enjoying beers at Leary's Landing Irish Pub even more!
so so excited about tonight
When do you get to #ctia? Would love to meet up during the conference. Please DM me, Thx!
OMG!!! I got my own happy cow! :D
In need of some kids for Childrens Dept. send pics to
- hey, follow me so I can email you. xo
50% off dinner at The Clifton this Monday and Tuesday. Think this is the last week we are doing this
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
working now, thanks!
Just another excuse to SHOP!!
At AMC theater having expensive dinner with Gia. Just saw &kids having dinner on the walk over. Gia thought it was cool.
try boiling the tofu before frying-- sounds weird, but makes it super crispy!
haha your cover of california king bed!! and omg my phone is broke too! :(
great news!!
lol love you too (: & of course you will. let me know how it goes bc even though I'm 4 hours away, I still care! :P
I would love to have lunch any time!!! Miss my fav wine ladies!
Take aways from today's FastForward camp: all writing can be snappier, compare retweets to click-throughs, complexity continues.
you guys don't know this about me but I do yoga in my room everyday to ed sheeran.
what song is it? :)
Equinox is loud, NY and very uber achiever oriented
Sometimes its cost other times we are picky eaters and fall in old habits
- If you guys meet any developers who aren't a fit for you at , I'd love a shot to place them somewhere else!
Freaking out with over the fact that we are seeing in a few minutes thanks to Ahh, what is air!?
Love how my twitter timeline is flooded from the NFL Draft
Good morning! It's going to be an "afternoon pie" kind of day. Pear Caramel! Want a visit from the pie cookie fairy? Lemme know!
I'm resisting the urge to tell my friend the Santa photo she subjected her baby to taking is creepy is fuck.
Casey Anthony has been found... NOT GUILTY for first degree murder and aggravated child abuse by the jury!!
Had a fun show @ LaSalle High School in Pasadena, then had a yummy dinner @ Zelo's pizzeria. Beet salad, spinach pesto pizza +
Hello my friend! They must be showing the Nuggs on TV up there ehh hope your doing good!
okay! Should be up shortly!
Hi Paul, we tested this and it looks good on our end. Please contact and they will help you out. -Brianne
Good questions, Greg. Glad you didn't go easy on TT.
Unlike every freaking guy I ain't tryna get with every girl!!!-__-
#inthe90s Everyone was free. It felt good.
"Why am I waiting for tomorrow when Christ gave me today?"
I'm bout to sleep good as fuck tonight tho.
If octopus an i ever went on a date, i wouldnt order BBQ chicken wings just for the sake of him.
Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!! Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
#TENNWOLF IN 7 HOURS!!!! whose hotter or
Guess I'm back on twitter :3
Check out my new FB page! Irresistible Woman - Sacramento, CA!
No problem its good ! On new years i wanna see it completed with like outfit and stuff !
Oh well
STM or DIE
shooting music video for "Deep End" soon and will need lots of peeps for "live show" day of shooting. ill have more details soon!
Any of my followers watch Scandal?
Ah did great on my test!!! Gonna take Calculus 2!! :) and got uniforms today... I. Hate. Them. Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P
that publicist david nobel brought to your attention,i am his manager and i would like to forward you a post
brings people together (:
Excited to hear founder #alexbangash speak at #Wharton tomorrow.
We will be booking some shows soon! Who do you wanna see us play with?
thumbs up!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
pats all day
recovering from computer advice giving. Contrary to the hype helping someone with their computer and ipad with the set up they really have
my stomach hurt
Ha as much as I love good music, true Jazz is not a staple in my library.
Good idea thanks :)
naw shouts out to you ..contraband was on Point <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
ehh. Naah. ;) I get him Sunday-Saturday ;)
Winning on the road in Philadelphia during the playoffs is probably the greatest feeling as a player. Great atmosphere.
just received the LUPEC SF calendar. Thank you!! You are all stunning.
hahaha me and my country love :)
is it bad that I'm still in love with my ex after 5 years not being with him im texting him and im crying 5 years together
No, because I never thought in my wildest dreams that I'd be here for my 11th annual Employee Appreciation day.
:) have a great weekend!
Gearing up for the next BOTB
The weeknd version of every drake song Is better than the original >
Verlander wins AL Cy Young award by unanimous decision
Welcome to new follows!
Thank YOU so MUCH for the RE-TWEET you SO ROCK! xo!
Head-bobbin' to "Sweetheart" as I type.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
If I was in the Twin Cities this is where I'd be Friday>>>RT : Dj Advance BDay Celebration This Friday @ The Grand Hotel !!
psh your parties would be the bomb , and for each birthday you could have met anybody ! , eveen prince Royce !!
But I bet we catch up fast:)
I think fo rme the "form of the future" is the theatre we all are talking about tomorrow
I'm going to the Indy one possibly, if he sells M&G so(:
I stay loading followers smh I guess I got to live on this mf to keep my followers up
Besek: and of course specter of international issues loom. Whatever we do it will be scrutinized in other countries
see you at tadasana festival. Assisting ash turner sat and sun.
Suddenly regretting sensible decision to put off further graduate degrees; the library is lacking in Iron Age coins and mud.
back at you
Beat Ohio State!
He was key in the 4th RT : You nailed a 3 with that call...but do I get an assist for the Dooling comment?
Omg, no one has ever done the "OH" thing with me. We're best friends now ok.
work has paid off for them.Bill raising beer 5-8% ABV has passed House & heading to Governer's desk!!
#WelcomeToDetroit where almost all your school friends are dead or in jail
I will make you famous. We will make bakers' dozens of millions of dollars.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>thanks for a great day!
It's great. Went 2 nights in a row. Carpenter's Vampires (hosted by ) and The Birds
It was amazing! My tummy is very happy.
super-strength yes!
U have already failed if U R anticipating 4 someone else 2 fail. Throwing stones, hating, jealousy or whatever U want 2 call it,
#CutCapBalance = cut off America's leg, give it a bandaid, and say good luck standing on that other foot!
I think is still sleeping... wow! :}
Hear my reaction to getting stung by a bee tonight at 10 in the KARE 11 News Extra. It's kinda funny!
Hey THANKS!! That's awesome to hear!
Be thankful for the musicians in your life and show them love on #recordstoreday! Head to to celebrate
Niggas at home but they gfs absent dick n her mouth sound like she gotta accent
I'm the original rocket bc I got the original handle.
haha. Don't worry about it. But I just took medicinee for this dumb cold. Ha. Hopefully I'll talk to you tomorrow. Good Night(:
Thanks for all of the Love, Houston (and other cyclists around the USA).
But as you say, it was a small amount earmarked to a very specific fund in my major.
Finally a win Ubaldo!!!
Receiving billions of bail out money and still being broke.
Cornelius Tacitus~ I am my nearest neighbor.
_Northern_ Virginia could be considered a Mid-Atlantic state
I wanna drive
#NP I should have kissed you ~~~
So glad to be following ! Have fun in Dallas with your training!
You too Samantha! Sending you lots of luck today with the news segment. You will do GREAT!
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundraiser on May 16? You better! Use promo code "YoungFriend" and...
That moment when u are about to go asleep and realize you forgot to set your alarm an then get caught up on twitter for another hour...
My swag game... Tight like my jeanss..come through my diamond piece chain...shine like...rain!
Good morning mentions?
Make a wish!
Having a really bad hair day!
or you just haven't bought new clothes in the last 15 years. #lazy?
Belt is going to split time at 1B and GoldS is struggle. If I had to drop one I guess it would be the guy splitting time
We have a car full of records and ready to rock!
#Quote of the Week: “Teaching reading IS rocket science.” - Louisa Moats. Happy Friday!
hey r u hanging out w/Pit Bull?
Writing my freshman letter is hard , so many memories !! ^_^
I love photography, social media and engaging youth. Your Brazil Team Leader position looks interesting. Good luck in the future!
He was my friend first!!!
"Eight hours for work, eight hours for rest, eight hours for what we will." Haymarket Square incident on this day in 1886 in Chicago.
Oh... Sedona it is then!
doesn't include things like foam rolling but i consider that recovery, not working out. even that doesn't account for much time.
oh 4real so is u still gettin the car
Sorry ladies, the website is being re-done - should be up and ready by tomorrow morning!! Thank-you for your patience!
good :) we just have to remember that fighting fire with fire won't solve anything, it will only cause more destruction. :)
wow everybody coming at me I'm just going to google first dang I got some mean followers lol.
I love PLP!
THANK YOU. Yes. YOU. We reached our goal—30K participants w/70K+ mods completed—we beat the natl record! Couldn't have done it w/out you!
Then one of my neighbors came out & called them all dumb hoes & told them to take their young asses to bed.
How is your weekend going?
Crossing off another #bucketlist item tonight...going to ! Reason #78 why
lmao it was in 6th grade at school in the morning but no one told on me
:-) I still rock on! Haven't seem them again, but seen Rush many more times. What's new?
That intro never gets old
I hate how people judge others. I'm pretty sure last time I checked your not God, so who are you to judge?!
Your #Goodwill "family" is rooting for you here in #Milwaukee & #Wisconsin. Hope you feel the love. Show em those moves!
": Poll: iPhone vs Droid" Droid all day
sounds de-lish!!!
I don't agree w/many of the studies of when is the perfect time to tweet. Tweet when you know your followers R tweeting.
Another long, incredible Friday night with , , , and of course,
Why would he do that?? I haven't seen anything particularly offensive from you.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. - Helen Keller
Did you know that San Diego Country imports 90% of its water from the Colorado River?!
Picked the right one.
I wonder why Visual Studio puts .csproj files in the Recent Projects list. I've never wanted to open a .csproj in my life.
BRING IT ON BIOTCH !
good. Enjoying days off. What Bout you?
Pig cheerleaders, a tweeting bird (pun ignored), a depressing ref and a kiss cam. Puppy bowl has now sold out. Guess I'll watch football
I got to many projects on the bench. Time to button some of this up.
let's get ginger root after my interview! kthanks
Good night gracey.
Good Morning World:):)
I wonder how you can do a heart in your tweets
": About to get stitches..." i hope it wasnt too bad, good job today bro
Enjoyed lunch at Wild Ginger with the Fire Chief. Good conversation about the Fire Department.
u going for the ravens
Trying to decide if I should read Tam Lin now or for Maybe I'll save it!
Thx! RT : A Sunny #FF to we appreciate you!
DJing tonight with my man at Lucky Lounge #usualnonsense in the building. Let's go Oakland!
(jen) Uploading sketches into the storyboard for a new client project - this animation is going to be FOA.
Last stop, St Charles place. Amazing trip and will miss you
There are! Tins and tins and tins of them. Thank goodness. :) Soon, I'll be handing over the twitter reins to someone else. :(
Follow a fellow news anchor. But please don't be offended.
Anytime sis, :) how thing going?
Awww, wish you were here, Dave!
Spectacular Parenteau mansion disguises tale of greed and wrongdoing - Columbus Dispatch
Soakin up the sun at aliante station pool.
I finally figured out what to do with our future children who are genetically destined to be short- mini Maguire jockeys!
Thank you Douglas, I really appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
I miss that final bike ride with a flat tire at maple lane. Can we do more stuff together? :(
Don't play the part. BE the part.
GRRRR waiting for appointment this day couldn't get any worse :(
Can't wait until they get untethered jb for windows.
why is she tired again??? That's the problem with out team Girardi makes them a bunch of babies "saving the for the Playoffs"
Stuffed and very very sick. Clearly I ate too much.
Sorry Queens Library, promoting Amazon is a no-no and you should know better.
Best Free iPad App of the Week: Khan Academy: // ok I give in. Time to buy an iPad.
lol u set me up!!! lol
Love it RT Chris Kreider right from natl title w/ BC to the NYR and scores game winner tonight to force Gm 7. Precedents, anybody?
#TweetMeCody #FollowMeCody I would be the happiest girl in the world if this actually happened (: 143
Yesh work those muscles babe
so is life my brother, we have to come up with a list of reasons to be successful, those reasons will become our motivation.
thats tight u can rap!
RT : RT - I heard a joke, "Of course Tebow got drafted by the Broncos, it's the closest team to heaven." (Mile high)
“: Pussy hair braided #ButYouStillHit cuz that ass fat” ===> Oh are there beads down there too? Cause beads make it legit.
I wish that for once, a guy would genuinely like me.
on the positive, at least I won't be dancing in sequins...just sayin'
#EatMoreSoup - introducing this week's specials - reply tweet for more information - I know your #Hungry!!!
LOVED Savannah's earrings this morning on Today Show.
#BATZ was kinda whack. The only people shaking shit was Misfits, CerveTech, and Widmer Brothers.
I welcome the challenge. And there's no doubt, a 100 degree night is coming soon.
Let me check calendar tomorrow and get back to you. thx!
My grades right now > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> on point!
going to see never say never directors cut so exsited can't wait
Show at FLOYD'S on Friday with !
I'm not sure how that could be considered invasive…?
taking pictures :)
guys help to reach 1500 (and many more) followers!
...Two fire marshal vehicles
I aint even seen this.
Alright thats cool i understand just take your time.
ill find someone lol
Happy Chinese New Year! Dumplings are said to bring you luck and prosperity for the year. Come join us today & tomorrow night.
Rotfl. words cant explain how much I hate this fatass
Just saw 2 guys playing basketball in the new sunset triangle.
I don't usually take requests but I guess I could make an exception this once!
Well, thanks! We'll see if I still have it by June, when I'll be passing through Chicago again. Another juice bar meet-up?
Laughing at my self for actually believing for a split second that I was gonna go back to school to study for the night
We started there the year Staples Center opened, which was the first "revitalized Downtown LA" building.
There isn't a day that goes by where you aren't crossing my mind <3
"And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming Wild Things.” -Maurice Sendak
1 2 3 Magic my daughter used much of it with her son
Daisy? that's a cow's name TOM!!
Any SEO experts out there? Do links (to your website) on twitter, facebook, linkedin, etc improve your ranking?
i love sundays, especially starting them off with
Keep your eyes open for Steph Wright , our Data Services Librarian!
I could use some chik-fil-a breakfast today! I'm so hungry
Frozen chocolate chip cookies are the best thing on earth...
Having mommy in law and the little ones
dear , when you go to california... Take me with you! :) Kbye
Getting defensive: For first time since &#39;82, Cowboys use first 4 picks on defenders, 5 overall
Looking at this janky flip phone next to this Blackberry#TheComeUp lmao!
Khloee is in bed at 8 thank god!
Best way to not get busted for something, not do the shit at all in the first place.
Three days till the all new Jessie; "Evil Times Two" has a new guest star on it... Kinda. Tune in on Disney Channel at 8/7c. Xoxo <3
We see stars so clear that have been dead for years, but the idea still lives on.
-- I'm great Thanks! Hope U are havin a good weekend.
awesome! shoot us your wf username once you've put in some recommendations and we'll share it
hehehehe you're so cute! come ova friday to meet king scout<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6> you'll be like i eat choyse only on poyzza ployse.
dude let me take some of that before next game..i keep forgetting haha
Staying home with my little lady. She has a stomach bug. Stop by and see Eric. He's holding it down for me today.
you guys better get a ring this year !
id old school..on that Dewayne Wayne & Ron shit
#PrettyLittleThings is currently moving through post-production. Stay tuned.
el spicy if you like chicken the double stack if you like beef. All the salads are great too!
140 characters ins't enough to say what a failure Obama has been and what a moron you are
Just finished watching "You don't mess with the Zohan" lol it's hilarious!
yeah buddy!
love you to<3
This Weekend See the Hattiloo Theatre in Memphis perform 2 plays by 2011 Youth Playwright winners
True or False: The name Tommy DeVito is mentioned in both Goofellas and Casino?
omg Juggaloos live in my neighborhood holy shit
Watching , love her she is so funny and witty.
We had a fabulous time with our Young Patrons at our Christmas concert and after-party tonight. Pics coming soon!
No symphony orchestra ever played music like a two-year-old girl laughing with a puppy. —Bern Williams
I just have to admit that it's all coming back to me
I need a massage..
I luv u past the moon...I really do, wen I say I hate u I mean that too ma u make me crazi bt sometimes dass wat luvas do
“: She loving the Crew..” great minds think a like
ha! Awesome. Well played sir, well played.
If only I was double my current age, I would have adopted you as my son:-))) Sounds super-delicious!
Happy birthday girl!!
Linked Open Data: museums don't need to worry so much about the linked part. Just make your data open. API, complete download.
Oh it's the morning ap test? Fuck
THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29 @ 5P.M. AT THE CARL J. MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER!
Listening to 1969 SGA President talk while Smashing Pumpkins 1979 song plays in background.
take a picture :-P
how much is Kansas getting paid to lose this?
i wont make it to church, unless we go to the 6;30 service. but i will fo sho see you monday! :)
Is a tweet considered fact ?
Got the worst advice ever at church yesterday " You have the rest of your life to see the world." smh...
Two days off before two days on
What exactly is self respect?
so you Rollin tonight?
bella, i'm flattered! :))
saw a fresh bouquet with balloons tied to it on a dumpster. I guess someone didn't appreciate the gesture. </3 and
Finished recording guitars for one of our new songs today! So excited for you guys to hear what we are bringing soon!
My Droid has video!!!! Now on to the scary stuff.
I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations. -John McEnroe
LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT: : "I was drafted in the 3rd round fuckers! Where the bitches at?!" - that one Punter
I understand there are steroids involved but why is it not a much bigger deal that we are WATCHING HISTORY: A-Rod now 5th all time in HR
People who aren't in the music industry will never understand the music industry.
If i E V E R hear Justin & Harry's voice in one song...IM DYING THINKING OF IT.
I wish my phone was working the right way :/
I want a snack
At the
thank you!!! That's so kind.
can't wait to see you saturday i'm super excited! (:
Ha! RT : RT : What is Romney thinking? Again with the firing?
Ahh. So like Breaking Bad.
I find it funny how people r still dming ask if me and met 1D haha yes we did now yah know! ;)
too bad I am not out there to celebrate with you. Florida is beautiful.
Good Morning, Thank u God for another day. Wishing all Mothers a Happy Mothers Day. Enjoy your day ladies!!!
have a good flight!
Thank you for coming in! Which location are you visiting this afternoon?
you don't have a dog..
Crab cakes and key lime pie. I embraced my inner Aretha today.
Where are you getting this information? It's *NOT* posted currently on their website that I can find (US Pacific Tsunami Warn)
These episodes of Ghost Whisperer are the best, ugh.
he's a senile old man who can't let it go. What do you expect
Q5 Know any organizations that help travelers in need? What’s your fav?
@ praying alongside you for a quick recovery on the new antibiotic! Take care of yourself! xoxo
The Alyssa's control me. Quiet night in was but a dream
After enjoying a wonderful B-day with the family and friends, I'm now back in the office with the girls. We have a ton of work.
How would you describe #CaryHoffman in #MySinatra?
new standards are needed but so is greater funding
what a nice compliment! Thank you Jeremy :)
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. - Geroge Sheehan
Finally!!! My partner in crime is singlee!!! Ah shyyyyt things r gonna get crayyy!!! #notetoselfdonotgetarrested ^_^
I get my jaw unwired/opened on April 16. Yay!
Hailing in #Glendale :)
RT: : Love Your Account! Just starting up over here! glad there are others out there willing to help for free!
the two on the bottom look like they're smiling? How could that be wrong?
You're asking Bill to be safe? Surely you've met his alter ego.
I could sing of Your Love forever! Jesus <3
Looks good, Rebecca! I like the twilight skyline.
Anytime! Have fin and let me how it goes!
Now on the news, "your smartphone will steal your identity"...and your soul. Luckily I don't have either.
Newt Gingrich lays off his campaign manager, but did he think maybe it is HIM that is the reason he is not doing so great? Hm...
isn't the best?! love when he helps me! RT : thanks!
make bday 30 something to remember right
I'm up! Time 4 my daily fix..#$tarbucks
There you go Wade
My brother is getting married in Egg Harbor in late August. Any recommendations on where to stay? Toddler friendly?
much respect for including some stellar indie rappers ( ) in the lasted Public Enemy video
Blackstar performing at the House of Blues September 7th...Finally GOOD hip hop comes to Dallas
what kind of doctor are you (;
GS is one of Cleveland's finest!
brutal shit www.facebook.com/lastseendead
Interview went well, just had some Korean BBQ, chillin with my hubby and the rat pack LOL
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami!
am I a freak! Or Naw
8am classes suck, especially when its 34 degrees.
I LOVE that idea-- thank you!!
I am so confused...
Trying to forget someone you loved is like trying to remember someone you never even knew...
i hate when my parents get into my shit..mind your damn business!
come work with me instead. Thanks
good idea for the sporting app idea contest.
I need more followers... tell your friends.
Don't HATE the CHINESE for the SHIT PRODUCTS U Buy from THEM..lol...HATE YOURSELF 4 creating the DEMAND..HA HA
How about the next 3 games? :-)
have a great one and if you ever start to doubt how great 30 is, let me know.
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorority Sisters of Delta Sigma Theta. Much Love and Many Blessings 2 u 2day
Is magenta your new lucky color? :) Held og lykke! Your fans will be cheering for you and the rest of #SKC tonight!
Yum! Great choice, Kaitlyn!
just kicking it.. You coming to USC vs Clemson?
We will be here all day Monday tracking any Severe Weather.
“: Day 1 of Official Bar- Sponsored by Special guest of #MCC2012”
Sadly I am unable to go to this weekends MWF show in Melrose, Mass ! Was looking forward to seeing and the Trifecta of Terror
#GCB I can't stop laughing!
BIG NEWS.The Diversity Platinum card is now on sale for 19.95 Celebrating Pride Month. Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
Oh yea ? I'll call u in a few
Off to bed I guess... Might get on the computer before I go to sleep ...smh
Noooottt in a good mood...
Chuck Norris keeps insomnia from getting a good night's sleep.
I am not sure the dudes were targeting you there, I think it was the 8,000 AAC apps out there and the media's take on it
#TtW12 #c3 FB lives in perceptual presence - no archive. What are your views on the FB timeline?
“: Does smoking weed help migraines?” fuck yes
Question is why? Really just a rest day?
per-race parties for carbo loading for marathons. Post race only for ultras. :)
Nothing about the demographics of the MU poll in your piece. You know, stuff even TV covers. Twitter is more information.
You know the words. So sing along for me, baby.
What a game 49ers Saints!
Here's to the girls that do smoke weed
Ha! Yes, #IM703TX. Been tweeting too many things from watching Oceanside!
Woot! website nearly ready for launch, wordpress installed and brownies baked. Twas a successful day!
I will not be discouraged by Haters...i will keep working hard daily on my music...and I will see my dream into reality!!!!
What was amazing? Lol I'm so confused... And not watching abdc so ya...
Had a good convo with from this afternoon - good stuff.
Tyler Perry movies feed into so many Black stereotypes
How do you use twitter? Can it generate business? I use it as a design resource, but it seems to have some interesting possibilities.
Both northbound and southbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open now.
Have a good night. Love your new pic!!
smoke something!
Kesha is the music equivalent of that feeling you get when you walk barefoot in the restroom of a public pool.
all them ghetto tunes were knocked out that way. I haven't heard it yet.. but...
too many big words: Revenue, Stream, Debt. let's make fun of sumthin!
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife of 11 years!!!
Another paranormal activities ... The first 3 where bad enough .
Data center here in the Philippines is going fantastic. Great call center and great people!
hit me up anytime girl(:
all the small updates adding up to a much slicker overall experience - more impressed the more i use it
Get at me if you make beats!
Ugh I wish I could fall asleep early
T.I is funny lml ;p
I'm starting a blog for women on how to live cheap and good in the hood
I am effin' excited to party with my BOOZE tomorrow night!
Florida, here I come!
ifttt.com is my new favorite thing ever.
My boyfriend >>> <3
yes, definitely! I use it for the catalogs, too. So much easier than print and everything is in one place.
Another I heart NY moment: John Denver's "Country Roads" playing at Woorijip Korean takeout.
RT "Hey look! Spanish Flu!" Museum visitors getting a kick out of discussion of 1918 Spanish Flu epidemic in main exhibit.
Hi - checking to see if you might be free to chat with a public radio station in LA re: the new Kony video? Many thanks!
That kind of thing takes a while to come out of- I'm glad it went well! Here's to a quick recovery. *sends good thoughts*
It doesn’t make sense to let go of something you had for so long, but it also doesn’t make sense to hold on when nothing’s there.
Riding home from South Carolina -- via Twitter -- with former Edgewood great and former Baraboo standout
Fenouil is AMAZING! Well-deserved!
That's a good thing!
Wake up in the Morning feeling like JBieber, get my glasses, do the hair flip, I'm gonna spread the fever
yes eating!
steve, please share with the class
Happy Healthy New Year to all of our Chewpons fans! Here's hoping 2012 brings wonderful things for everyone!
Going to tonight to watch the #Brewers game. Hoping for better service this time.. And a Brew Crew win!
"Every life is a profession of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence." Henri Frederic Amiel
$5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!!
I think I saw you!
Currently being fat as fuck
O's opening day is Friday, April 6!
how was the video shoot today?
I think we might be on two Different pages here, buddy.
Hey I got a DM from you that I don't think was really from you. Change your password, man. You've been hacked.
okay, school starts in two days. i have to go socialize on facebook so i actually have friends when i start. lmfao.
Hi, I am a sci fi and fantasy enthusiast. I also try to write a little. Do you self publish?
no problem dude!
Learn the Art Of Acting with Victor Cruz tonight at Pearl Studios 4th floor. $20. 7pm.
We throw tantrums like parties. We're not happy 'til everyone knows we're sick and that's just how we like it.
I'm not a fan. I'm a mahomie.
Both Brio's in NYC deliver...www.brionyc.com or www.brioflatiron.com
Big Sean Really Slaughtered Meek Millz On "Burn" Smh
nothing. It's a hoax. (-: jk #m adores you too. And the unicorns. And me.
It's true, I did. Thanks for recommending it so heartily.
lol I see(:
Maybe an Aries is a good Match for me
Lmaooo quotes this morn "he wasn't with me shootin in the gym" loll I died .. I <3 u!!
It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition. - Isaac Asimov
Produce swag hahaha
Yep, it's still happy hour & we have cheap drinks, good food & a DJ.
So I woke up feeling like hell in a plastic bag. My quads and bottom butt butt are so sore. Why does building muscle have to feel so AWFUL?!
me too!
Because I let what people say get to.me which is bad but ugh!):
OMG really bum's on da rap flow @ Mcdonals parkin lot... hahahaha
what do they do with old expatriated twitter names anyway
Can I get a "Happy 13th Birthday"?(:
Flight is delayed 3 hrs!!! Looks like I won't get into #NYC till noon
OHH haha I thought you meant he hates her. Not the braces! Lol and haha who wouldn't be happy?! :)
It's #JustRead Monday. I'm so happy to have another week to finish the pile of books on my TBR list.
Die you little faggot
Good weekend with some new friends! Now time to run it off!!
GO FOLLOW ! LETS GET HER MORE FOLLOWERS!! (:
hell yes! If its going to be cold, we should at least be able to hit the slopes and have fun
My twitter game is disgusting
Kick him out of the game, he clearly can't throw a strike.
or go to the park
I SEE WHAT Y0U DID THERE!
I need an Early Mornin Gym Partner Str8 ^^ !!
There are some motorists venturing out on the road on 610 near Galleria.
If you're one of my new followers go and follow for updates on the newest hip hop , apparel and everything else dope
Seriously, probably the worst matchup for you of all the teams left in the playoffs.
Ok! ": I'm kidnapping your daughter when I get off work tomorrow"
no she's not! #ILoveYourMom <3
Listen, I'm just speaking common sense. RT "You Precede and then you Proceed... how hard is that" LOLOL
Cathy Watson says we need more national champions like Healthy Teen Network. (Thanks for the shout-out!)
phone was stolen at rocco ranallis last night
Forreal I'm starving.
There is no way Obama and this government could be this dumb in there decision making for this country www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Looking for #Law #Librarians in #LA. Submit your #resume to
that's the plan. I have some work ahead of me
thanks, Nate :) I had a great time meeting everyone & helping out at , so bonus if everything ends up being useful!
Our clinical team consists of a MD, RN & Tech collaborating with patients or referring #physicians to ensure successful patient outcomes.
pottery barn!
Thank you for your help tonight! We appreciate it!
Looking up races for later in the year. I really want to run the "The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror 10-Miler" at Disney.
We have a dinner tomorrow night at Coast Sure to be special
Momma picked me up early to go eat ;p yay
When your sister automatically assumes you took her shit -____-
Very interesting! I like it.
Join us at Marche' Restaurant between 1 & 2 PM. Having lunch w/ Eric Brace. Love to hear about new album - Richard Carpenter
Orly? That's surprising. Good for !
My mom ordered my prom dress:) SO STOKED! got the best one out there:P
Also, ate after midnight two nights in a row. Hey cholesterol.
Nothing says to me"It's Wednesday" quite like a run to the Comic Shop.... Yeah, that didn't sound geeky at all, did it?
Hey! Thank you for the birthday tweet--I just saw it today and it made me happy! What conferences are coming up for you?
very cool to live in such a small world; hope you enjoy the book, j
Feels like a great day to ____________
headed to SF for the - excited to be one of 10 awesome featured startups! cc
thanks for the shootout!
thank you you also.. : )
what camp are you in? The image they use definitely paints a large change.
#thingsthatineed an identifiable opportunity
calling editor at 2 a.m., sitting on the curb & using flashing cop car lights to read your notes beats a smartphone every time.
Ya guy new video coming soon working on 6 songs right now SOON by april should be releasing new song
Ok....Thank you so much for letting us know!!! We'd like to offer you a free meal on us. Show this tweet to your cashier.
New York,health officials announced testing 75 students Queens school for swine flu,students,flu-like symptoms,CNN television reported.
Summer workout program starts right MEOW! CrossFit, yoga, cardio, repeat!
Huck the faters! I liked the utter stupidity of THE FP. Just boot your brain down and enjoy.
Just once, I want to be convinced of the student BS. :-)
Urban Dictionary Rejects: SAME CAR! | When You Put It That Way
"Eminem Is The King Of Rap" TRUE!!! :)
that would have been awesome if we both booked! We are due for beers and
Thanks for nice words about the social media candidates column! I'm working on your proclamation right now.
everyone sucks to someone else....even the best of the best have people who think they are awful.
Mom said you are starting a second job. You may need a third
going down March 14th. Going to Jupiter, but also spending a couple days in Tampa. Gotta see
I love them!! Great color and I love the designs
rocking out tonight ! Then I'm hosting the evening with the Night Dreamers!!
Bring your skis T. The powder is the best! Lay down some sweet music for those mountain people.
Block and report as spam.
Courage is contagious.
HEY ALEX:)
Mental Health Awareness PSA: Follow to actually watch a person's medication stop working
Rebels! Tonight at the Kohl Center 4 members of our AAU basketball team will be playing for Hamilton in the State Tourny! Root for a win!
omg u guys come to PA I live here please come to Lancaster it would mean the world to me please
find me five followers n list me then retweet
Working on a user survey-is it possible that users will actually complete one? And how to get it to them? Via the web, reading room, both?
Its always good to come out of a scrum when all the developers are laughing like mad scientists together. #webdev sharepoint madness css js
here, here.
Yes, yes it does.
economics are so corrupt
I accept your apology :)
awesome my wife put on gold lion earlier and we both had the "damn this is good why did we forget about it" face
Spent a wonderful evening on de patio sitting n reminiscing with my parents...cherished moments, only God knows 4 how long...de beuty of lyf
my twiiter has turned into a social networking site. but i love it. (:
DID YOU SEE MY TEXT?!?
#PracticalSecurityTactics Vulnerability management is more than scanning. Partner with ops to facilitate remediation activities.
I always think driving faster will somehow get me to the gas station before I run out of gas. Never works.
Whit.li enables trust between consumers in C2C transactions.-to whom at #SxSWi would u trust to rent a room/ run an errand?
make ny night lime us beliebers made yours & follow me(;
Looking forward to it!
My next martini is for Lee Boudreaux.
you are a legend. Hey KSU
and its MY fault
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend.
HOW IS IT COOL
that was long and hot but #RunningCuresEverything #BNS I just finished a 7.66 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Is it bad I'm not wearing pastels to church?
I KNEW WHEN DON CORNELIUS DIED DICK CLARK OR CASEY KASEM MIGHT BE NEXT..BUT I GREW UP ON DICK AND I MEAN THAT IN A NON SEXUAL WAY. ALMOST..
Don't know where liquor store is at new home, imaginary shot FTW!
Groves offers hospice & respite care.
Or do I actually have to kill a second hobo?
is mega magical!
Guess not, I think the belts are only on the line on "SuperStars" j/k
I said brrr it's cold in here there must be some toros in the atmosphere
Loved the Chrysler commercial w/Clint Eastwood. Best one tonight.
Wishing all my Twitter friends a happy, healthy, prosperous and conservative New Year. Cheers!
changing my avi ;)
What are u doing to keep u and your family healthy this season?
I'll never forget the first time I listened to The Beaters
Can someone please explain 2 me why it is so costly 2 run a campaign? Our deficit is trillions, but George Cloney is giving Obama $1million
15. If he were any more stupid, we'd be watering him twice a week. 16.Bright as Alaska in December.
Who wants to screen print with us? Tomorrow at Come Screen Print your Heart out!! 12-5pm!!!
My poor eyes should've never been subjected to that "situation".
Rest in Peace Marty Kay. 1310 WIBA AM will never be the same without you.
Don't get one. Reference.me will spam all of your email connections with Reference.me, which, when they sign up, will spam their's
Kinda Funny: how many colombians does it take to stop a race? Just Juan.
You bet i'll be there. Please find me, if you go also.
LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY! TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!
same to you!
looking forward to our meeting & talking about #IncidentonMarmontAve !
Yes found a solution to that problem...Now to this other one -_-
So glad to hear it! We strive for you to have an exceptional experience every time!
coming to the show Feb 5th at The Beat? =)
I just saw this! I miss your odes to Padma.
Kitty Pride...really? COME. ON.
woohoo! So glad you will have a new zine for the symposium!
Should auld acquaintance be Page Blocked And never brought to mind?
hey guys! checked out your YouTube today! It's official, I am a Capitalizer!
So tired of school ready for summer
I gotta listen to music to get my mind off the Yankees horrible loss tonight!
thanks Pete! Sorry bout them red wings bro :P u gonna come to Vegas this summer at all?
Why are all these cute boys hiding out at olive garden with their families on a Wednesday night?!? #notcomplaining #owowee #callmemaybe :-*
GOT DAN....whoops, I mean damn. Or did I?
I wake up late for school almost everyday.
you got a what now????
I'm sending you a <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> load of pictures right now
Also, looking to buy a #fender #Jazzmaster for touring on this album. Anyone selling?? A white 62 reissue would be stellar. (^_-)
Also, the Blob is the Jar Jar Binks of X-Men.
I think everyone smelled it, Sir.
#TILTS2011 Unsworth: 1922: The Waste Land publication date marks an actual wasteland of what we can text mine b/c of copyright laws
Bout to go to sleep
Heeeyyooooo! RT : I always notice a lot of people bashing teachers union - went to private schools
Rewatched "Devil Girl from Mars" (1954). Leather clad alien biatch terrorizes people in Scottish inn. Better than it sounds.
I think you have single handedly started the trend #newyorkcity ....
hahaaa yeah ik hope ur ready to have to pick up ur legs with your arms to get in and out of the car.
Oh man lucky you! I was hoping to catch it on the big screen but it never made its way over to MN :(
MT Also, I don't dismiss "hippies" I believe sustainable living and back to the Earth values are the only chance humans have
Never interrupt someone. Know when to hit your off switch.
can we set up a shoot soon?
yeah, I'm very excited to see Mike returning. If he's anything like he was back then, he'll do great. :)
Happy Marriage ! It was an honor to be a part of your wonderful day.
There's nothing worse than hearing the freight train when you're trying to sleep.
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." -- Cynthia Ozick, Novelist
I want love to walk right up and bite me. Grab a hold of me and fight me leave me drying on the ground.
Seniors-- Don't forget to stop by and order your FREE Alumni Status Jack the Bulldog debit card!
in 1985 Oklahoma Governor George Nigh had a Christmas Show on public television! It's on 1" videotape at
Didn't get those TPS reports in quite right.
yeah love him. He really is humble, extremely talented and seems to have a big heart.
I dunno. I looked at other posts on that site and some have Caps and others don't. Lacking consistency.
“: NBA's $15,000 fine of Pacers coach Frank Vogel is ridiculous. He never criticized officials, just the Heat. Typical joke.
Today is a good day!
The average person lies 3 times per ten minutes of conversation
I get it hahahaha!!!:D
If we're talking #teamfirst, Cole putting his team behind 1-0 sending some weaksauce message 1000x worse than your Bryce example
We're looking for a second guitarist! Hit us up if you wanna try out :p
Mike Crawley, #lpc national president speaking at
sigh "Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de St Exupery
RT the blonde joke I just tweeted if u like it! :)
Maybe that I should be in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette.
And Twix! :D
baseball practice tonight
Thanks Fred!!! RT Congrats, y'all, well deserved!
Haha, text me about it
thanks for following! What do you do?
Just lit a candle in memory of my niece we love you Ashley
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll feel better!
woah there tiger, I am not a nerd ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
story of my life! I want my next 2 tattoos now!
RT : Watching the late models turn laps at RIR, wish I could have gotten mine ready. Maybe next year
All is well in Baltimore, thanks. Golfing a little better for a certain Irishman near here last weekend :-)
I'm goin to jackson....go comb your hair
After months of reading a chapter a night, my son and I finally finished the Narnia books. Kinda sad. Now we have to figure out what's next.
"[Anne-Marie] Kinney is a Southern California Camus." -Susan Salter Reynolds reviewing RADIO IRIS in Los Angeles Magazine
Yeah, but remember Sue McCown was constantly on the Today Show, Martha Stewart, etc. She was a celebrity.
6th period football players ran like bitches from the bees hahah<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'll never give up believing til it's impossible for us ( Man Utd ) 2 lift the cup. Newcastle play early, & can go 3rd
I just said semen puking asshole dickhead and dildo in a paper. Sweet. F the system
Building a community takes patience and endurance....#occupybaltimore is still here!
Thanks for the feedback on the new site. Go to the contact us section if you would like to reach out to us. Thanks!
At home lol. Im going to take off to conji in about 25 min.
My phone Finna die and I can't stay off twitter. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>....Phuck it.<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
like honey you are too ugly to be a first lady?
People make fun of the C's for being old but do the C's let this game get out of hand vs. the Thunder? Ehhhhhhhhhhh.
Are you leaders or administrators in your leadership role? Kane
I'm the dev behind CC - let me know if you ever need anything!! I'd say it's totally worth it to sign up :)
just returning from odnet2009 and presenting dissertation research on GenY & coworkers
Based on the pictures I have seen thus far, Charlie Morton looks pretty healthy. I still think he should target late-April return.
RT " Paris is always a good idea " -- Audrey Hepburn
Oh yes! Thanks
maybe you should tweet occasionally
Folks, I am at a conference called #NetworkArchaeology in Oxford, Ohio. Now at a panel feat Shannon Mattern and Marina Peterson.
lol what u get?
Learn your digital camera. Don't forget the manual can show you the features, but they don't show you how to use them.
I must finish Lord of the Flies tonight.
hey! Happy new year to u 2, I hope you had a good Christmas 2
She BELIEVED she COULD so she DID.
Twitter, Y U NO SEND ME NOTIFICATIONS ON MY PHONE?
Lol. Not even going to say anything.
ok im not hating on all!!! just like 6
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Can't wait to play Scout Bar this Friday!
Did something happen?
TGIF!!! Celebrate with $2 Coronas all day and $5.99 classic burger, fries & a drink after 4pm!
If you don't feel it in your "gut" then don't do it… it's got a come from the heart, you're inner-spirit. You'll know when it's right!
:)) thanks they are nice I can't hear a single girl on the bus
Rumors of Kim Kardashian & Mark Sanchez are testing my maturity.
#Avengers = EPIC. Go.
Thank you! RT Happy birthday
Going over our amazing speaker proposals. Thanks everyone who submitted for giving so much great material to sift through!
I meant old orchard sorry
Only because YOUR coworker called in sick when he was supposed to be covering my coworker's vacation.
Last Day to use the code "BLKFRDY" get 15% off! support indie clothing lines! Stay tuned. -The TV.
To the schmo I work w that brought his New York Ranger's jersey to work today... Karma's a bitch
Important to feature the people behind Watson to tell the story #prsms -- again, be your own spokesperson.
In Class Watching Lovely Bones!
in that case, good work. thanks.
Ditto! RT : Ryan Seacrest trying not to flip the f*** out after "borat" spilled dirt on his tux is HILARIOUS!!!!
i love you too aw
Teachers are preparing to strike in two local districts. Details at 10&11.
Working on my CloudCamp Seattle talk - not quite sure I fully get the whole "unconference" thing yet
#gwu Good question! Maybe and can help us out.
just sent some beats get at me
RT The poorest man on earth is not the one without money; he's the one without dreams!
yess, i had it with me cus i remember using it, and i always put it on the little wood thing on my bed
that's good, I been well alo, my daughter is 2 already crazy how time flies!!
It must be tough to live somewhere where you only have one sport to care about
people tweet me #HackedbyMamaMahone and ill rt (;
8 beers on tap & Happy Hour has begun! $22 gets you an hour of pool, large pizza & a pitcher of beer!!
Ugh I think I'm over drinking. I hate feeling like crap the next day and trying to remember all things I said and did. It's not fun anymore.
I'm hungry and upset because of it. This secret shopper job we are about to do might get messy. #thug lol
... hold my poodle! and let me put my cap locks on, NOW WHO CALLED PROD UGLY!
that rules.
We don't know when our Food Paradise episode will air on the but will let you know as soon as we do!
If Seattle trades Brandon League, who is the closer? Wright? Ray?
ME SO HUNGRY.
:P silly me lol
my artist of the day: sharon van etten
Wish #Romney would go away, spend his money & let #PresidentObama get on w/the business at hand.
Shit Sarcastic Makeup Artists Say: Yeah, Proactiv is great for your skin.
RT : Internships are so great! RT : Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
Durant, Lebron will choke in the 4th like he always does. The guy is clutch when it matters least.
I would have loved that!!“: pushed for my Cowboys to take him, but they needed a third-string tight end.”
in the boondocks
Is your business operating with APIs?
"Stacy's Mom" has been stuck in my head all day.
should be, gotta haul some seed up North soon though! Hopefully I'm still in range!
Best April Fools Day prank. Rigged a co-worker's computer. Letters appeared to fall off the page to bottom of the monitor. She fell for it.
RT : class was officially at capacity tonight Steve!! 17 bikes filled :)Great job Melissa Thank You.
Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality!
Baseball party idea: Kick off the season with amovie night - Sandlot/popcorn
u been away too long!!
Pepco now talking about smart meters on the smart grid. 95 percent of meters in DC are smart grids now.
2 words: Free Tacos
Professor just posted "correct" flowchart for our assignment. It doesn't look like mine. Fuck.
Man, I hope DRose didn't tear his ACL. That would be awful.
Thanks so much for the shout-out!
I'm beginning to worry about that!
following now.
New Edition "Can U Stand the Rain" >>>>>
Khan video on blended learning: Level 1 supplemental online resources, 2 flipped class with lectures at home and projects in class
Thanks for the RT!
Until the plastic bags break! LOL!
Waylaid by Crown Point issue. Will be there as soon as I can.
thought you might enjoy this
I wish I was going. I don't have tickets:(
Mashburn should've won the award over Calbert Chaney. But close is only good in horse shoes and hand grenades!
Just left school
Off to help a booming dispensary capture more of the market share.
Says a lot that I've caught up on a month of #HartofDixie in two days. This show demands a renewal!
RT : Okay, Biden. Now say something about decriminalizing pot.
Come TO Vegas Quit Fuckin Around.
A big Friday shout out to all our lovely clients - have a great day! X
Get at me : ) hottest photographer LOL ": Phoenix, AZ #ModelSubmissions Hit up Stunnaz Photographer "
Morning should not have been as crazy as it's been...
El Paso is so small. Everyone knows everyone.
good night..xoxo
im sorry...... I love you
EFF YOU RAIN. jk, its nighttime #keeponrainin but the thunder scares me!
RT : Many people confuse eye tearing with not having a dry eye issue. The eye often tears excessively when it is dry.
officially done with another semester! now brainstorming for my dissertation question...
u should do that, who knows u could be discovered like Justin Lol can't wait to listen to ur songs!!
I decided to take a chance, and went to see Fright Night...it was absolutely horrible, and I don't recommend it.
#4wordsaftersex Get off of me
yep! I'll defiantly text you more!
Country boy's accents are to die forr. City boys are shit. I want me some cowboys.
thank you for the twitter shout out :)
Super excited for our trip to Dallas to watch dominate the Mavs! I don't know who is more anxious-the hubby, son or me!
Such a delayed tweet week. We have been working on our new restaurant day and night! We would love your support!
OH. IT'S NICK'S BIRTHDAY TODAY! #happy18thbdaynickj (: haha, i almost forgot.. BUT I DIDN'T! ;D
I got 2 fast dogs.
these guys are insanely good. I LOVE LOCAL MUSIC!!!!!!!!!
ghost recon comes out on tuesday! my gf thinks we are hanging out that day....
One of those days... In a very unpleasant mood.
Hey Red Sox, YOU BLEW IT!!
that not right at all
I once had a bad habit of hitting all of my homegirls homegirls #coleworld lol
Test first period -____-
you have a paper to turn I
We are at two shows today, come see us for awesome specials until 3pm!! Brookfield suites and Macy's sip and scan at Mayfair mall
Just like that my day just went from meh to perfect nothing that happens 2day can bring me down, not work nor the bitching people in my life
verify my life for google...is this really correct?
Thank you, Stephen!
Gotta be easier than chem :) RT : finding a dress for and 's wedding might be impossible."
Marinate red meats in wine to tenderize.
it a blues hammer kind of day...: (
Hate to start Monday off with bad news, but this is just disappointing. Botched housing effort by Peaceaholics results in waste of city...
The new track is the first one I've not hated.
...alrigh, maybe not a Classic for #allstargame bc #MVP is doin Work
Teaching is offering a sympathetic ear while maintaining a stern voice.
Just because my actions arn't good decisions doesnt mean Im a bad person. It means Im young and havin' fuun:)
Thank you for the RT!
Know him personally. Reading speculations, details, etc. is frustrating. *venting* okay, now is the time to focus on winning! :-)
your sons are very talented...i put their song on repeat
Time to turn this business up to 11
love your energy!! Fearless is POWERFUL!
While amputation is never an ideal circumstance, I can't help but think I would feel a lot better without my right leg right now.
Keep up the good work!
There ain't nothing like shitty #prosecco to warm a girl up on a cold #sanfrancisco nite. Go !
#highfashion racist faggoting... the new trend
Everytime I hear the word kechtup it reminds me on Austin xD
OMG..its Really hittn me now that ithink hard abouu it..wish i culd take back wt i said ! Itried 2work it out now its ur turn, 2stbborn ...
A little reflection was sufficient to show that this was no more than an echo of an extraordinary kind.
And as such she deserves not to be personally attacked. Attack her position, not her personally, otherwise it's bullying.
#Didyouknow fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than a space shuttle
Enjoy the show last night?!
It will henceforth be known as the "Did You Get Pears?" episode. ...?
2012 film watching! #19. Seven (Fincher, 1995). Watched the blu ray of this, it is emaculate!! Just a brilliant transfer of a great film!
On July 31 find P&G brandSAVER coupons in your local paper. Each coupon = donation to to keep kids in school
We have finished all the intro meetings for today, student are now starting to relax in the residence hall!
Thanks for the #shoutouts and right back at 'cha!
Dude... who made you so angry. I try to engage in a civil conversation w/ you and all you do is yell at me. Chill out.
Hey Jerry, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
My lil sis starts high school this....So Cute
Getting a slushie!
Yes, there's one in the Rainforest and another I think in Chernobyl.
RT : Now following ALL
it was nice to see my family again..i missed them so much
I keep dosing off
DJ "OMG It's HIM" is at Chi-Cha Lounge tonight. Where will you be?
great, look forward to reading it!
Come check out the Grill tonight. Wet Bar as long as supplies last and some great HH specials until 7!
It's hot, but it would require much more work before coming close to replacing a term for even simple things.
OH: "Perhaps our geeky lab guy should have a bigger head?"
A toast to Crystal Pepsi...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com
hah I didn't exactly help but you're welcome!
ZAK! Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night. MSU tonight.
No doubt. I see u homie up @ the store grindin. Gettin a lil crowd around u. The streets is recognizin. 504 Stand Up
Safari in the Morning, Pool in the Afternoon, & DQ in the Night?! I'm bout that Florida Life
it is possible to enjoy tasty food/drinks that are also really good for you--then, later, you actually feel good too...so that's nice!
Hubert Davis is going back to Chapel Hill to serve as an assistant coach under Roy Williams. Great presence for the young Tar Heels.
#sexfact most girl like to be call bitches hoes n nasty dumb sluts while you sodomize em
Almost forgot. DEAD LAST in BA.
VEGAS BITCHES
i got put on a waiting list
we combined ours for the pic haha. Rack city
Time to Grind Yall!! What you got to lose? We all going to die one day anyway! Lets Get It! Cmon, Lets Go!!!!
Have my glass of red wine in front of me. What movie should I put on? My Week With Marilyn or Showgirls :)
don't forget the totally tasteful soldier/osama duos!
Mike, how are things looking? Reports of damage/flooding?
Also from connecting via projects like Flat Classroom and NAIS's Challenge 20/20
"See" you in a few hours then!
Me likes your new hurr!
Being sick never felt so good.
#BandsILove Say Anything
They are in a hurry too and we might be out of class early. I'm going to tell them 1:45.
What's up fans.
To make it easier for people to follow subject matter being researched I will try to compile more together w/ sites & links. Thanks & Cheers
Launching early gives you opportunity to get user feedback on an iterative basis.
If you ever need anyone to talk to you can always come to me. <3
be safe guys RT Tipsy tow happening until 6AM please get a safe ride home tonight: fox5vegas.com/story/16671930…
So are these storms ever going to calm down?
I miss you too! Lets hang out soon. When are you free?
that's great I'm happy for you. Nephew
to teach your children, I was yelled at and somehow Kathy thought that verbal abuse would make me strong and build me up. Delayed
I love you pumpkin!
trespassing and/or failure to leave a riot
Extra hockey.
Taking in a great Friday show: "Being #Shakespeare" with Simon Callow ()
Don't forget! 2 Chicks With Chocolate here today from 2-5 PM. 111 St. Marks Place NY, NY. Perfect activity for a winter Saturday!
no #skitcommentary cuz they made us go outside while you performed. I heard good things
Ok well dont get a DUI on another continent, I'm not sure how to get you out of that one. would be useless.
Why aren't the lights on!? You should be lit up all weekend for all the visitors to Cleveland! Let's make Cleveland shine!
Wisconsin: America's Dairyland. I hope to see some big creamers!
well I don't think it hits me too hard in am but never I say never drink it after 2 if I want a restful nights sleep!
I'm finished had Duke & Missouri in the final four.
BETTER YET, IM GONNA TELL YOU WHAT IT SAYS TWITTER... PROVERBS 11:2 - When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom.
And we haven't helped the world. Do you think Libya is better off now? Was Vietnam better off? Iraq? Afghanistan?
I'm not completely sure.I'll have to look at a map. Somewhere near the Chesapeake bay. Not a beat thing yet.Maybe I can fit it in
3 miles uphill and an hour later, I feel like barfing and I can't feel my legs.
Minimum wage in California is $8 an hour? and then if you work more than 8 hours a day, it's time and a half extra??
Steelers Gettin They Ass Beat - Damn! - BAM!!!
If Floyd falls to 22 I'd pee myself.
It will be the kiss of death if Romney receives endorsement from The Donald.
Solid job by and tonight at
A1 Our marriage is what we make it, and not what others experiences say it will be!
Follow along with ' talk with the #wellesleydh hashtag--we're about to get started!
It is from Flickr site. They seem like nice people who like to share.
*hugs* happy mommy day to you love.
Maybe, but online education works too!
Jim, how are things going in Seattle? Thanks again for the shout out!
No problem. Don't be a stranger
Starting rehearsals for The Little Fish Theatre's 'The Sugar Bean Sisters' playing 'Videllia Sparks/Robinelle Fate'. Opening March 4, 2011!
I am the eggman.
Nite out bout get Faded 2wice
If being gay is a disease, then so is being homophobic.
I love you so much! Thinking of you xoxo
Ray Allen just blew by a defender. That just happened.
my favorite #holiday is>>>>>>>> #INCOMETAX! #CASHTHATCHECK! CAN YOU SAY> #ROADTRIP!!!! ....MAYBE #LASVEGAS OR #MIAMI IDK YET
Weddinged. Hey there, married people. I sure know a lot of you now.
God works in mysterious ways. He has his own plans so don't set your heart on your own.
The one guy I like on the Heat is out indefinitely.
I wonder what justification one gives one's self for wearing a t-shirt under one's basketball uniform.
Hey Greer thanks right back at you
#IsItMyFault i fell for you?? no, u tripped me!
I need to get out of Phoenix for a couple days.
we need you back in the Chi.... Blessings bro..
The difference between "Like", "Love" & "In Love" is the same different between "For Now", "For A While" & "Forever" .
well it's definitely interesting...
Thanks to and for the RT!
Reading Steve Job's Biography.
Lmao NYC is too live right now, LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!!!
Suffering from narrative block...
Finally, the Pats team I recognize. Keep that momentum going!
Fuck everybody except for TRUE FANS AND FAM thats how I feel
Good news for MKE travelers from downtown. The new southbound exit to Mitchell Airport, Layton & College Ave. will be open later this week!
Never lie to the girl of ur life with the hoe of the nightt
Tzafun is the part of the seder that the kids search for a hidden piece of matzah called the afikoman
Not a finger!
I just turned in 17 pages of word vomit and 5 pages of crap...I will not miss you Fall 2011 semester.
Drinking some delicious , and headed to movement class. Aw, yeaaaahh!
RIP Davy Jones you were b4 my time but my Mom said you were her first crush. I'm thinking theres a lotta people feel older tonite
Rumors at #DEVRY are pointless. The females are scandalous hoes and the guys work at getting they dick wet. No surprises there.
tbh, I think Britney best song ever is If U Seek Amy
#nowplaying Howl- Florence and The Machine
Why on earth would you say that? :)
PLEASE ME PLEASE .I LOVE YOU :{D
YO! How you doin in the Windy City??
if you aren't enjoying the #NHL playoffs so far, you're probably not a sports fan. Exciting hockey being played!
And i will finish faster when those lungs come in!! jaja!
Happy Halloween! How are you celebrating?
How do you rate #schoollunch? Healthy, trying, or missed the mark?
Anthony Davis is going to need every bit of this upcoming week to recover.
bout to go to mcdonalds!
Having said that, I understand and respect your strict anti-acronym stance.
Congrats to you and your team RT : JUST LAUNCHED: FreeEnterprise.com – your source for free market news and ideas.
"There are better alternatives... Australia should be exporting its #Solar technology, not its uranium."
If Hitch was [sic] a poor black kid... RT Working through your complicated feelings about Christopher Hitchens is the new black.
"Did you hear me? Jane's gone!" Penny to Lynette
I never go to opening weekend, but this movie was worth braving the crowds! Read the books, they're excellent!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoying My Day ! Hope You Are Too ! :)
There is, its called "douchebaggery"
Come on, man. You're from Seattle!
my twitter feed is filled with misdirected You are not alone. :-)
im bout to call that nigga
Good to know I got shit clear now!
Ha, thanks.
Q0) learned that there is no point in IM'ing or emailing my team while #lrnchat is happening...they wont answer ;-)
The buzzer in the SDSU/Baylor game sounds funny
- great tip! I didnt even know Logic could do that. Thx for sharing!
So my six year old son lost his first tooth yesterday. Remember when silver dollars were cool from the tooth fairy? Not anymore...
Jamie is cool, she is getting married oon 10/01!! Very exciting
who's sticking their nose in ?;)
Follow - another version of us!
Thanks, my friend.
our pleasure, I think it turned out great! Thanks for working with I think we make a great team.
where are you???
thank god for that.
Someone will die if Real Madrid wins <U+E113>
love you back! :) “: EEk! Thanks for the follow guys!! I absolutely love your podcast!”
pretty good! chilling on turntable.fm
seriously this last episode almost made me cry.
New page! Please follow me ! Itz such a long story..smh. Thx!
How do you get Easter egg dye off your hands?
Great! Looks very useful. Thanks!
I did grab the recent issue but haven't gone through it yet. Thanks for the heads up!
To clarify, I'm not anti Whitney. Just not my music
Symposium today pm I'll be live-tweeting our panel discussion: "Empowering Users/Creators to Take Control of Their IP"
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for.
RT : You cannot inspect #quality into a product. - Harold F. Dodge
6/11 11:00 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
Bricor! I didn't realize this was you - should have, but didn't. You're the best! Remember me? Cristina from Austin.
why should i trust you if it still hurts from where you stabbed me in the back ? i don't even look at you the same anymore bro.
sour patch kids??? :) tweet me? please :)
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet !!! We have to get this WORLDWIDE!
hay whats up!
Thanks for the RT!
Yes, it's times like these I'm reminded DVR functionality exists and is available to those with not much more money than me.
ps u never followed me back wahh
Trying to get the edits from last night finish and blog before another tournament game this afternoon
uh oh... Going to be a crazy day on show.. Can't wait
Methinks forgot to send the mandatory prescription drugs with my dvd of
it was my pleasure (:
Note to self: never marry a Kennedy.
¦ Isn't that an incredible thing? The sound of baseball produces a near-physical response in me of safety & comfort.
I miss you </3
Why can't the girl I am seeing just get rid of her x I'm starting to get annoyed...
I am free as my hair ! :D
RT : The Pope House Bourbon Lounge opens July 29th in the former Brazen Bean location. Bourbon!! Woot!
Try a Caramel Delight--A Traditional Mocha with coconut and caramel
got u sucker
Should I have seen Drive or Shane?
Do you mean right click? I am on a Mac. When I click on it, it just lets me change the name
I wrote about you and / for NY MAG because I think you are THE GENIUSES OF THE WORLD
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Just killed rehearsals for show at Webster Hall Sunday 8pm .. Gonna be a cool one
Get used to it!
yes, the title of the article needed the addendum
AlJazeera up and running again in the US.
Home plate ump sounds like a dude from
can't wait for breaking dawn part1 it only 3 more days
why i dont got head lice xD
Yes we saw Ben's talk the day it was released! Happy to see the technology getting such a high profile venue. Great work!
miss you too
Consumer Reports: Used Cars Less Of A Gamble
RT Now Playing: Manny Baby & Shae G (Milwaukee, WI) - 99 Ways To Get Paid
Kimya Dawson is playing Right now.
yess boo!!! You know I got you if you need anything!!
New York Artwork without the New York Price - Original, Affordable, Contemporary Artwork - www.timhovde.com
why can't I figure out which Danny joint this is?!
haha he def goes hard, & he has a lot of people beat that's for sure!
Thanks for the #WW mentions to
glad to see another WP-powered library website. Decided against a WP calendar/event plugin, I see. Any reason why?
Real and lasting success requires work.
u killed the show fam! I'm going to have to collect a finders fee for all these hoes that want me 2 hook them up w/ u IJS lol
Do you know what determines the distinctive flavors of pure, all-natural honey?
I can't wait to get out of class, because that means I get to smoke with :))
cc RT Love Halpern back in the lineup 4 the Caps Loved it more when I was coaching him at soccer camp in the 80's
you are forgiven. only this one time.
That awkward moment when you run over your own banana on Mario kart.
Heading to St. Louis next week - May 13 - to be with the St. Louis Symphony. Looking forward to it!
you haven't been to the gym in 5 years! More vino it is!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
#gambling is the right hashtag
lol I see.
two different sets each week, $5 cover goes to the musicians. unday, june 21 will feature:
Invites will go out soon for the 2012 All-American JUCO Showcase. For consideration email Brad Winton
4 those like me that paid >$50 for Mayweather's last fight ending w/ a cheap shot, suggest U boycott Mayweather's next fight! RT
It could be confident, inflexible, and uncontrollable
#thuglife RT : Not even gon lie, I'm a real life thug. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Now you're just somebody that I used to know!! =)
Another hot, humid day. Yuck!
Who scores with evangelicals? What is the most important candidate quality? breaks it down up next on CNN Early Start
Had a nice 3 hour Skype session with the bestie :)
Yankee game tomorrow... SUITE swag :)
It's funny when people Twitter names are TheReal.... Knowing they're nowhere near famous and nobody is impersonating them.
When it pertains to your life, the opinions of others are as important as what you flush down the toilet!
It's amazing. So many of these young female artist don't sing about anything but sex.
Starting to pick all my tunes for my senior recital. Fun stuff!
. rails against the expenses paid to sports programs in colleges across the country.
Valentine's Day is next Monday, February 14. Don't forget to get your someone special a gift to remember!
Just got ourselves the "FAT" EP and at half price too! Really digging the sound, sending you our regards from NYC
I just found out there was a in Sydney via !
I did it. Unfortunately I had only a little coffee left. But it was delish.
What is YOUR knitting drag name? RT : Today, my knitting drag name is Lacey Swatches.
uuummmm idk that depends when your going to myrtle?? lol
haha :) I know i miss you too we need to hang out soon!
Dang, I need a team to promote my Twitter too!
Finna watch tv
you are the most prettiest person I've ever seen! i absolutely love you! Follow me? That would make my life! <3
If there is a local Netwk Eng who can troubleshoot WAN's and proficient with Cisco I have a Go to work in the Fort Lauderdale FL area. Ple…
It always pays to arrive early for a hair appointment.
Why eat anywhere other than commodore?
Thx for the comment on the blog today! Hope u get nap time back. Let me know if the nap time treat works!
Do not accept mythology as truth.
Oh #BloodBrothers.... I have missed u much. Bulimic rainbows vomit what?Every crotch is a Siamese gun. sky spreads like thighs inside lace.
Anyone else a little underwhelmed with #FMC announcements? Gamechangers for sure, but nothing that we hadn't anticipated... #JustSayin'
you mean a BOY. but it must be nice to be out of school. I'm stuck here till the 30 th
I need some help with formatting dates in a bulk upload, its been killing me
NSAC: Want Mr. Overeem to understand, we are denying him a license today.
I've moved from getting on the internet to just being on the internet full time.
The first cross town classic of the season and we've got a question: #Cubs or #Sox ?
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.-Theodore Roosevelt
Learning a bit about ins and outs of RedHat Satellite Server. Sort of nonplussed that there's no rhn_unegister command?
'Men in Black 3' -- Topless Invader in Germany
Frits Van Eeden tomorrow night at 6:30! He'll be painting in shop, alongside musical entertainment Grumpy Al. 258 E Eau Gallie.
IM SOO EXCITED FOR...
I AM GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE
#gym then home to relax
you know how to warm up!
umm hey! and dont say you dont know me!
strength of WE
Reed and I heard you guys on WDCB90.9 in Chicago. Congrats guys! Sounds great.
my man!
I missed #jerseyshore so much
Anytime.....speaking the truth there hon!!!xoxooxo
I only have 4 ladies going tonight:( any other lady down to go. its only $4
Well we know they ain't with him for his looks! He's gross
Woohoo! I finally got a follower :) Thank you haha
FUN YOGA FACT: Downward dog is significantly more exciting when you have a boner.
Tomorrow I'm gonna #race u to the fence. Come on, jump out the door. Do this first: -z. Could be the best day of ur life #tomorrow. nite
I can't wait to see it! RT : The Roots' with perhaps my favorite Thank You Notes expression tonight!
Thank you for being a Bronze sponsor of #sdp2p!
your welcome #TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;)
word on the street is, we going to trial...
Don't those bitches get it?!?! Heeellllll naawwww
i wanna talk to u or say hi but it would be awkward cause u know i like u but we have never talked before and im afraid u wouldnt say hi bac
I miss my baby ):
lmao he likes to get on my head <U+E105> idk y but hes funny
In house counsel trust law firm blogs: use social media to build your reputation and expertise Joe Calve
it like a 5 pt game in the 4th with about 4mn left
Just got my VIP passes for 2012 Olympic Team Trials for canoe/kayak Great event!
Might want to credit for the original report.
What, it's not enough that they can peck your eyes out?!
Just dropped my phone in water... ruining my phones never fails... smh
Looking 4ward 2 another great a.m. of discussion re: #MKESucceeds. On tap? Mtg w/in-school providers re: 3rd gr reading ntwk formation
are you staying in mke for the summer?!
you coming to Orlando next week?
seems a universal truth.
My body is so sore from practice..ugh..the pain.
welcome to the farmers family!!!
morn lady!!!
live legends ,,, hittin the lab for a mixx down
ah lets trade then! lol
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can<U+FFFD>t have it
It's a shattering experience for a civilized person to admit his troubles are nothing more than a foolish prank of the imagination. -C. Jung
csjacksonphotography says Hi!!
#milwaukee Join our E-Newsletter and receive industry news, product spotlights, exclusive sales and more! Sign up now at www.afillinger.com
If you followed me just to get me to follow you, and then you unfollowed me right after...you got issues lol
I have always used your service. I will now "Pull Out" of you forever. I will never use you for ANYTHING.
Lmao I love you Enrico. Jam sesh ASAP! God so overdue
Just signed up, looks pretty hot
I know right!!
It's the Girl Scouts for crying out loud! Heaven forbid they learn about marketing and promotion at such a young age!
Excessive heat warnings in Las Vegas. Welcome to Hell.
Yet another reason why subscribing to is among the best $2 per month you can spend.
but now you know what cars to trash.....
#weenieroast kicked butt!! Still stoked from all the good performances
sounds good lol
For sure - maybe someday we can get and others out for a visit too!
I aint never met a nikka i would of made my right hands
This classroom is always cold !
thanks for the #FollowFriday! :-)
let's do that I am going to DM you..
what do u mean???
I think he meant 'your A, slut'. Obviously referring to someone's grade.
We're starting something new! Every week or so, we'll post a tip or little-known fact about compulsive buying. Let us know what you think!
looks like it might work
Another part of childhood comes to an end #HPDHPT2 one more day!!
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ? He's a newer guy. Super talented and cute :D
: #FillObamasBlank "I gotta get my Shih Tzu in the slow cooker. Family's coming over" #ObamaAteaDog 's sentence
A gentle and welcome into the world of earthquakes, East Coasters!
yeah and wasnt pleased with the final shot. i know blake was open. but for a 3ptr and u just need one. not kool
De Graaf: Americans report being more stressed than only six other nations -- all of which are currently at war!
yes, very. Always good to see forward-thinking teams doing whatever it takes to impress fans and sponsors.
One super awesome paper on assessing e-book apps for children with low vision DONE. A teeny bit closer to finishing PhD year 2 of 5
Happy Friday! #ff Thanks for what you do!
Entered my tweet yesterday. Crossing fingers!!
stealing "obvs" from you. now.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama declare war on demcracy in Wisconsin and plan to bring battle to other states.
Going to school bbl(:
It's Take5 not Take (Space) 5.
Dr. Airsoft, Practical Testing: Hakkotsu Iron Face Mask ;O airsoft
Did you fall asleep? I hope so. Were you awake because you were freaking out? Because I am right now.
just trying to make it real. but compared to what?.
just finished running through some of the songs for Sunday Cant wait.
Yup, isn't that crazy?? What ever happened to one callback? LOL...Felt pretty incredible after to say the least! :)~
Discount double check!
i hate you for all your travels this semester/summer. did you get pretty NP's for me to steal? ;)
You never miss a good thing until it's gone :(
Omw to this auction.
I hear u
#ithoughtyoulookedgood: If you smile, even if you’re in a bad mood, it will immediately improve your mood.
Happy National Decision Day. You'll be seeing me with my Miami gear #redhawks!
No one wants to go out on odd days with me.
#HawksFam how are you feeling the day after? Smh
I for volunteer but i no wan eldee stab me with yabbings
Just to let you know, ill never forget the look in your eyes that night, it said it all, I'm sorry I turned out right
Blasting and dancing to Daft Punk while driving at 6:30 in the morning! How else am I supposed to wake up?
Part of her RD 2 recovery is being honest
#imsorry #ireallllllydidntwantto ... I switched with Rohn too so I work thursday now.
I wasn't singing to papers... I was singing with the people beside me duh. I'm not THAT weird.
You've got to be in class, why haven't you played a word back? :)
thank you sweetie. we're having beautiful weather today!!
Thanks, Jenny!
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner
I want more thanksgiving food
Got the spare out and lo and behold there ain't no damn jack to jack up the car wtf...
#feedbackfriday Good show this week Your trialouges give insight into using social media that we've used sucessfully ourselves
I was always the kid that woke up way before everybody else at sleep-overs. Still makes me feel just as lame
Seniors: Fuck yeah. I'm outta here. Top notch. Bitches bow before me.
Hopes she had success learning Base 10 content editing. Way harder than Drupal.
that awkward moment when I get Bieber fever instead of a Fizzy coma.
You Have the WRONG mr motivation! I have no idea what you are talking about!
all helped me cut off my dreads just now...wow
Thanks to for a fun, little Twitter contest during #DSum12 ... and for one of their Apple gift card prizes as well :)
Just joined the youth. Minstry in church # team new psalmist
Bullshit ass games on!
#BandsILove .Hmm..well there is 5 british/irish homo's in it.. If you guessed O N E D I R E C T I O N .. your correct (;
Don't see myself storing my music "in the clouds". Isn't that where our heads are supposed to be?
Bedded down @ Chicago's Essex Inn. New fav. quick eats spot: Eleven.
Support 3rd annual Final Friday Fundraiser this Friday 4/29 at 1150 Vine St from 6-9 PM! Enjoy good music, food, & drinks!
Not only is he two innings away from qualifying for another win, Jamie Moyer even has a base hit tonight...
All surf nazis must die!
Writer's block. Just don't want to write this paper. Feels like that time when I was 6 and Dad made me write "spaghetti" 150 times...
You are the best! Thank you :)
I'm doing pretty f'ing good! Looks like you're great, although I don't know why you don't have any head shots in a snuggie.
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...We bay the Bar
you say that because they're yours and you're tired of them!
so pretty.
Wish there were an obvious best pick for #Scala CLI option parsing. Don't want to go the Karaf route, looking at Argot, optional, parse-cmd.
OMG OMG OMG YAYYYY *FAN GIRLS*
Preach Sistah “: I know a lot of women have gotten their body done, new butt, new breast but they really need a new brain...”
Need a code because gears is the only game i play
Since I can not get a formal tutorial in class for this software, I am looking for a book with good info.
There is just no way to not look crest when you are driving a hearse with someone in the back.
Happy birthday Nick Nolte! You deserve an oscar. not just their lunch.
I hope they paid the black eyed peas in popcorn and beer.
On iCloud, Baby: Sandoval quotes Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes as talking favorably about a cloud solution for movie storage, but only ...
Bed time! Night all!
Working late... again!!!!
RT : "Have you ever noticed? Anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, anyone going faster is a maniac." - George Carlin
so if you know anything about me you know my favorite tv shows...what the HECK happened to southpark? jonesin' right now...smh!
thanks so much!! You're making us blush.
Like any great sporting franchise or. Business organization success often come down to leadership and team
Was off in Youtube land getting my laugh on
Me: do you see that guy staring I our class?.. Breanna: he's a stalker .. Michael: black ninja... Us: erm....weird
You're welcome! I hope it's a great turnout. :)
winner gets the sticker bag.
Do you know about Exquisite Tweets? (I can't recall exact URL, but Google will)
Five McDonald apple pies and a pint of ice cream
So, this little girl looks at me and says, "why do you have brown all over you? I like white all over me, I dont like brown". I (cont…
well, good morning, dark circles! you are news this am.
Great to talk w/ you! And to meet RT I love impromptu things that just work like lunch w/ &
Senator Blanche Lincoln is a Democrat from Arkansas who just voted against a public option. She is up for reelection in 2010.
spent the afternoon trying to remedy my server issue .... cord was unplugged!!
“: It's hard to make subtle jokes in a slide deck. You never know what your projector will do to your hard work.”
less than 2 months!
BAD DOG.
DON'T GET KNOCKED OUT.
AH I HAVE A B IN PYSICS :D
A dad is playing with kid and making noises and the baby is giggling so loud. Cutest thing ever.
Awesome Gold Cup game last night! Time for some amazing baseball today!! Go Sox Go!
Great Moment: Michael Phelps wins 8 Gold Medals at the Olympics
k I'll be right there..... Wherever the effff you are...?
is there a chance they might? because people are saying they are :C
God is in the midst of her, she shall not be moved; God shall help her, just at the break of dawn. ~Psalm 46:5
Ready for "concepting" to become a word so spellcheck can leave me alone.
We all wish to achieve wellness in our lives, and that means sustaining balance.
Having nachos!!! <3 yum
Getting ready to grab dinner with my wifey. :)
Beautiful Morning in San Antonio
I thought I was the only one who still listens to him!!!
We'll run your sound anytime. And good luck in lala-land!
wow :) now we just need to build in support for paper titles!
*cricket chirps* whoops, looks like no one likes you. Now get urself some help.
#wewontlastif you give more attention to the computer than me
goodmorning sunshine! have a great day love! (:
Bo-Peeps Strippers
i want to go fishing
RT When God made man He touched dirt. But why is it that us Christians are afraid to get our hands dirty?
Eating the elephant today, one bite at a time!
Oh. My. God. is following me.! breathe Icela just breathe... AH! <3
#OccupyRochester bride-2-be is Roch native Polly Miller. The 99 (invited guests) will stand up for her. Am looking fwd to it!
Sex in the City marathon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A2>
lmfao over NOTHING at all . cause anit shit happen
finally has the Internet workin' at his new place! Thanks Comcast! lol :-)
no matter how hard I try I'll always end up on the other end, so I guess I'm just gonna stop trying, seems like the best bet to me
I appreciate the RT! Thank you very much!
the block
"I wouldnt call u a homewrecker, id call u a slut!" ctfu at "that 70's show"!
i'm watching old movies with my mama, feel free to come share my couch with me ;)
Getting ready to go to Bakersfield - soundcheck at 10 am! Only 2 drive. Looking forward to the Bakersfield jazz festival !
Kudos to Sean Penn but remember Louisiana, Texas & Alabama “: “The real problem wasn’t the earthquake. It was poverty itself.”
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists...Biomagnetic Chemical Reactors...Biodefense...
no worries!
O's were 30-51 on the road last year... 9-5 so far in '12...
I got here like an hour early. Oh, well. Better safe than sorry. Anything to see J.T.
DIS SHIT HARDF WORK SO IF U THINK ITS EASY
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
BYO..flask? Earthy items? #familyfest Is Whole Foods catering? They should.
happy to do so and thx for the support
I wanna real relationship , being single is getting boring .
RECENT CLIENT TESTIMONIAL: "Thanks for all your good work in helping me to manage this injury and allowing me to do the marathon."
thanks for the good info today. Always nice to hear from you.
With the 222nd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Carlos Ruiz
"Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind." (Dale Carnegie)
man i just watched dont be a menace in south central whil driking your juice
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they don't have a destructive divorce.
Attending #NACCU today and tomorrow with Matt McDaniel of Great event for campus card users. Come say hi to me!
Waiting for the #Northeastern #springfest tickets while watching the game!
#FF to these fine folks:
it's beautiful <3 :D I didn't know you were a senior tho
I love that I can see the other person's cursor. How about showing the text they have selected too?
"Just breathe in You'll be fine I'm right here by your side (I love you) Just breathe in You'll be fine (I love you)."
Just finished day two at SharePoint Pro 2010 Summit & Expo. Better Silverlight integration provides richer user experience. Good stuff.
$KORE is steady climbing today, check out the full report here: www.frankspennystocks.com/kore/
RT "The A's have 4 consecutive hits, now here's Josh Donaldson."
Very nice. Bone worthy if I ever done seen lol
some creep just came up to me asked for a lighter than told me his wife got raped last night
What'd you win?
thanks for the follow! Here's to seeing Milwaukee Succeed!
Those jeans look sick. I'll have to drop in HEM and see what's up. Appreciate the word.
We should have re-released our Milwaukee Idol t-shirt!
Thx for the cool shout out!
Got it-send it to your phone. Moses missed you too-you need to come back to your "time share" down here! Xoxo
Happy Holidazee Everyone!Hope you all enjoy the time with your friends and family! Not everyone gets gifts so be grateful for what you have!
Just spotted Zoe Saldana at the premiere of "Machine Gun Preacher"!
They are going to run into the beginning of the #FrenchOpen !
Loved speaking with you
Thanks! I instagrammed and tweeted a regular photo. Lots of RTs. What a sight!
some dude wit dreads
Berman is confident that we can do set standards, assess learning better (than govt), but it's up to us to seize the initiative.
“I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.”
yup so do any of those fit ur situation?
"Don't let yourself be held hostage by your own IT department." Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
doing work!!
oh yeah forgot you're moving! But yeah no plans for me just chilling at home!
I REALLY wanna go to Vegas
<SUPER BOWL SUNDAY> STEELERS or PACKERS? SPECIALS ALL DAY... pizza, wings, beer. make ur reservations NOW and get 10%OFF (949)515-9090.
“: you make the thought of college so much better!” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
So I'm pissed that Diary Of A Wimpy Kid won over fucken Twilight and Hunger Games. NOW WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS THIS BULL.
is there a Minecraft plugin for that or something?
Noeleen: Spokespeople can not be emotional or your crazy CEO will be on TV screaming and swearing at people.
Everyone make the world strong and beautiful. :)
Remember When We Laughed Till We cryed In EachOthers Arms. When We Played Spin The Bottle All Night.When You Took A Cab To My House.Hmh I Do
cracking the fuck up
Had a great productive night here. I think its time to head to La soon.
Joyous video-game shtick - New York Post
My birthday 2DAY
Matt Kemp ends the inning with a spectacular running catch at the warning track, Dodgers 2 Brewers 3, end 7th.
Sibelius First 7 IS GREAT! Now playing with video export! They let you turn off playback line, excellent!! Can't believe how smart this is.
Colon covers first base...small earthquake reported near downtown
RT : Value proposition: the value, competitive differentiators, cost of offering.
Even in my dreams, I'm no good at basketball.
It's time for Friday night pizza!
i like uncritical unreadings actually. affectiveness. i got chills when he said NO!
I went all Mr.Glaser on my history teacher today :o I guess I did learn a lot in his torture chamber of a class :$ o:)
Congrats to Sara Nelson who has moved from Book Editor at O Magazine to Amazon..I was with her last night and she didn't utter a word!!! LOL
Tisk Tisk lo siento. I have been sick all weekend..
I'll be around m'dear.
welcome to the real world man.
I love y'all so much!! !!!!! Yes I'm from Texas and can't wait for your concert on June 23 because that's my birthday!!!!!!
Well thank you! We are looking forward to his arrival!
haha I know
Hope you all had a nice weekend! After having four days off of school, I don't want to go back...
All right!!! Time to audition and I'm gonna knock this one out of the ballpark.
it's becoming obvious both you and have too much free time and don't know how to use Twitter !!
well let me know what you get I'm working on 27
Happy #Shakespeare Day to thou!
Come by and see us we are gonna have a great time today!
looking at girls butts to figure out who that person is.
Aww was a little hero in August Rush! Too Cute!
I steal souls AND haunt dreams.
What motivates you?
We are open every night but Monday.
Thanks for the follow! ,,,,
Who's up? What is everyone doing at this hour?
Who wants to be my bestfriend On Here!!!!:D I'm in a good mood
Why didn't I use sunscreen today? Ohhhhs well :)
Amare's punch to the fire extinguisher has nothing on the Baraboo mirror slam
The Swing by Robert Louis Stevenson. My fav. as a child: How do you like to go up in a swing, Up in the air so blue...
Flute practice= no fun
my team is whoever my husband SAYS our team is. #goteam!
Awesome! I'l see what I can do! can you DM my Joy's contact info?
It's not rocket science...if arrested keep your mouth shut!
RT Happy Pres Day. Many Presidents played #poker including: Grant, Harding, both Roosevelts, Eisenhower, Johnson, Nixon and Obama.
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! Join us at Lackman for a tall cold craft brew! Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman
that kit is about 2000 pieces- its building from the resistors and wires up -it'll be fun! I actually think that and will help u
Bout to eat some popcorn and watch gremlins
Happy Birthday Tom! I hope makes your day extra special!! :)
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
Inge goes 1 -3 with a walk in Oakland debut.
I like that he is leaving more space with the left hand during soloing unlike some of the other players.
as if you don't know the noise of a boiler exploding
Let's take both in Philly and win the series back at home.
yay! gotta go practice my singing then(: <3
The boys play "Call of Duty" obssessively, then get freaked out by "Little Shop of Horrors"?
My dear Twitterverse, I promise that someday I'll have more to say than talking music & bitching at Blake.
Sunday is almost here! Cant wait to see you at Urban Flow. It will be just like old times- but NEW. Its filling up, Om Namah Shivaya!
hello!! :) good to be twitter 'friends'
Sorry, I didn't mean to offend. Just seeing how things are going.
Seniors: Free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness Nov. 30 at 10:15am. Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sports analysts still think dan snyder is running the show. Morons
I salute you guy wearing vibrant KU visor and shades w/ crokeys on the train downtown
There's lots of bad guys in the world, not just one.
Powe, Bair, Bailey, Those guys could all step up. Add Gordon and Jackson and suddenly it doesnt look so grim
Rachel Is So Talented <U+2661>
RT : Spring is right around the corner.. Call now for Free Estimates on Lawn mowing, mulching, or any other landscaping.
Heading out to the meeting ! Diplo tonight! You don't want to miss out!!
the USA version is more eye catching but the UK is grim and gritty. Choices choices.
- Axel, As usual, thank you very much for the #FF shout-out -
nice :p
Bloop! Hope to se you guys soon...
Detox Day.
Make sure you add me on Facebook! www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
the question is.. Why were you on nickelbacks fan page?
Are you here on this earth to simply occupy a space or use every minute to work for a future that includes U??? occupy logic & wisdom!
Anyone out there looking for NEW Ground Floor Projects to invest in? Contact me via Email: Thank you.
Hey Guys! If you want a follow back let me know, I have no problem following a Black Eyed Peas Fan! <U+2665>
Matt Cooke suspended for rest of the regular season (10 games) and 1st Round of Playoffs. It's possible he doesn't return until next season
"Sunshine & sorrow always go together...like Good Friday & Easter" - Easter Sermon 2012
yo phone tag me in it on yo Facebook
Following Wishing you all a wonderful and fruitful day ahead!!
Thanks for the follow back!
Its hard holding the camera , and everyone else puts all your fat in the shot when they take your pic for you ..
sounds exciting :P
it was a good year man
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage...you were one of my faves!
If you live in/near Jacksonville, FL you should check out Rockin Rodz Restaurant. The food is great & they bought 2 of my paintings.
Getting sick
Umpiring in a cute uniform..
This geology teacher is a deceived fellow
is a beast still tough knowing you're not wearing a #bucks uni but best of luck still a fan!
Christmas is coming early to Upward MotionPersonal Training! Come discover the NEW and IMPROVED Open Gym!!!
Surprised by this! Looks like the "bribe reform" premise of NCLB waivers & RTTT may not be foolproof.
Listening to music!(:
Sadly, still no word or apology from cc:
Dad VM re:printer"I found out how to turn it on,I only recognized it bc it has the same circle with the negative sign in it as my lawnmower"
Trying is way harder then giving up right now. Things will be looking up in no time
Little kids don't need naptime. i need it more it than they do
I'm really glad the hooker's nose was opaque. Otherwise her professional life might falter. Isn't pale red it's own color?
Its almost midnight and i'm looking up youtube videos on how to make a rubens tube
Nice upgrade on the phone buddy!
Snow 2 years back to back?
it would be awesome to get a pair of your shoes AP! That way I can look at them and train to be the best every day, ALL DAY!
The Blue Note week w the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars was bliss! Now off to Singapore for a private engagement,then to Bonn w Kirk Lightsey trio
If you let me heres what Ill do . . Ill take care of you.
Too sweet to be sour too nice to be mean On the tough guy style I'm not too keen To try to change the world I will plot and scheme-MCA
Im tired of you ugh
wat up bro
I'm reading Insurgent by
undergrads are also worth triple points.
Loving the #DriveInMob It's feels like the Twitter version of MST3K #hilarious #Airport75 not so much
Come back on facebook!!
El Cajon council discussing the possibility of a "four-star hotel" opening near the (closed) East County Performing Arts Center
THANK YOU! We are going to kick this goal's backside!
did you have fun at #wcmia what parties did you go to?
man, i love i could sing a song to him and pet hi barber shop pole (; JUST KIDDING
This is all about to go down! Similar feelings to before running out in the Murray league under 17s grand final for the Cobram Tigers.
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
Please welcome TheKidDazeLo to the Max life
Its crazy cuz he was still young... (43) >>RT : I hate hearing sad stories like this.....
Today, I am hoarding Dove chocolate to get me thru until Christmas.
>>>hahahahahahahhaha. I saying real fast.......#shescominInAHonda! (Me speaking in tongues!)
Yes, it is a blessing. did radio news in my first life/career.Feel so much better about what I'm doing now & more fun!
ALZM keeps going and going and going and ..... you get the picture.
LMFAOO! For real!
never been to one ever lol
Thank you. You must be so proud. You should follow if you dont already. Have a great weekend.
Rise N Grind everyone! Update tonight! Get stoked!
Wazzzzzzzzzz up w/ u girl?
Wife,Mother and one of americas brialliant actresses of our time...Keep the flame going :)
but if none of those work out, ill still play your album, on repeat, all day of my birthday, and pretend its real life
In 25 days school is over. Weird
lolz #sad imma need you to go grab some honey & tea asaperz :)
march madness is a perfect day to bust up the blazers, my sports head is about to explode
#single doesnt mean I'm looking for somebody.
cant help it
“: "Take a picture wit no filter #SoIKnowItsReal."”
que cute :') rt ": Just like gramma does :') rt JayYF_: when i try to hide 69Maryjanee 's boobies and fix her shirts :') >>>"
its too painfull its tragic but if i say itll hurt more :(..
As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
Anyone know where to get some free Disney tickets?
Salute to fa da follow I Preciate it my G!
Hahaha RT ": Sorry I haven't met one #Playmate that can actually #DJ - stick to the pole ladies"
#10beautifulpeopleifollow I can't narrow it down. They're all beautiful.
I'm Sofa King We Todd Did
M. Make me dinner.
Vivat Regina => Long live the queen
Making forts with my little sisters <3
Shots of reality
We are excited to attend this year's forum!
Thanks, but that's actually another Night Kitchen. They're in Pennsylvania.
I sit here and wonder if you’ll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
When you realize you hardly ever talk to your best friend anymore <<<<<<<
Florida st, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me #bracket busted
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge; Fools despise wisdom and instruction..
Well played RT Not to be outdone by the Yankees, the Sox plan to sign Johnny Pesky to a minor league deal later this afternoon.
Bulls’ Odds of Winning NBA Title Widen After Rose Tears Ligament - Businessweek The Chicago Bulls’ chances of capturing their first Natio
Penelope Cruz is/looks beautiful!
Meanwhile Cards got franchise QB, Rams a year wiser + more weapons for SB, and Seahawks win FA...
That sounds...stinky? Really though, what are those things stuffed with, anyway? THAT stuff probably smells weird.
omg stayed up almost all night and slept all day, havent done that since i was a teenager wow
Sorry there wasn't room when you arrived! The house was almost full when we arrived at 6 p.m.
Just gave away 20 copies of Bel Canto in three minutes flat. I love World Book Night!
I bought a Nook tablet!
ACS partners with libraries to hold events that demonstrate how the library supports faculty & student research "ACS On Campus"
#WhyShouldI care if you don't care...
how do you gift it?
story time. One time on a rollercoaster, I dropped my phone. Great story right?
The reason why sign spiners spin their sign is because if they don't they just look like terrible protesters.
ha, I dont hate it! Ive just played the hell out of Swoon/Carnavas recently, maybe I just need time away to appreciate it more.
May12th! I hope you can be there! #SEIPDX Let your people know!
barfing is good ab work, you're welcome
yeah! But how? Because I stay in Scotland. :(
i do that too but with my d**k,
My cousin smoked a #SuperBowl before that skrillex concert. Then proceeded to pretend he was having air sex with the robot from the jetsons.
Listening to 'Five Leaves Left' by and JPQ after getting the CD in the mail this morning. Gorgeous! Lovely packaging too.
Thanks for tweeting about the #PhDStudentPanel - I couldn't make it but like being able to hit the major points
you look beautiful
I don't wanna see One Life To Live go :(
Happy Birthday!!! How many candles were on your cake this year?
Listening to David Blight speak about the Civil War at the Freedom Center in Cincy...just another regular night.
Apple Cider Vinegar and beer are the household quick fix for damaged hair?
Reminder: Viewer's Choice Voting Ends at 12 (Noon) PM PST!!!
That is wonderful! Congratulations, Seth!
Bicycle injuries and deaths affect children and young people more often than any other age group. Wear a helmet.
does also follow your goth attire?
Rich! Whats good mane!
You guys are awesome! Can't wait to see the new show!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
If you have to print "Grown and Sexy", your party is neither the former nor the latter.
Headed to the game with !
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Don't you fret my dear, this is WAR! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
thats good wat are you up to today
Just realized I can't DM you :) Shoot me an email thannan <at> ipcommerce <dot> com and I'll get you in touch with right folk.
RT : Jude1:25 To the only wise God and saviour, be glory and majesty, Dominion and Power, both now and ever, AMEN.'
Need to practice fire staff. It's really something for men, but I think it rocks. I've already got poi and fans down. Staff is an art.
I appreciate you being here for me in my Jason Statham crisis. New movie Safe coming out soon :)
dem dudes
now I remember the case you're observing. ugh.
Any chance youll still be in the Minneapolis area on Wednesday 12/14?
You laugh now but I know my Zombie Apocalypse Insurance from Zaico will come in handy.
thanks for the RT, Billy! See you at #2012tcc :)
Thanks for checking out our glossy #flooring!
thats what she said
I was joking too ;) I am great! Just back in the SharePoint grind...how are you?
Love the Profile Console feature on , really helps troubleshooting #ajax requests.
Reports: Peyton Manning negotiating contract with Broncos; could lead to trade of Tebow.
Feeling planny today but got nothin' to plan. Guess I'll just write an article instead.
bout to go z
Tami always talkin about where she came from. Ok but you're not there now get the fuck over it and grow from your past don't keep living it
Fell asleep on the floor of the union. Ultimate low. One more final and then comatose time.
Doc Rivers and Rajon Rondo are just so smart. That's how you close out a tight game
- please,. you don't want the boys hating us because we keep sending hate. It"s not right. I know we can be better than this! xx
Hey there. Enjoyed your comments at the art writers meetup earlier this week.
Ever thought about starring in a new Star Trek series with Geordi as captain?
heh heh. lets go. what position.
Kyle Korver is the new Lebron, well for tonight atleast. 2 Blocks?!
Goodnight everyone! Come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; White Walker! See you tomorrow!
yes you are! you are stunning! (: <33 x
oh OK I know the owner I have the #
nothing says summer like that.
Income investing is not simply about investing in companies with the highest dividends (in dollar figures). The more important gauge is the…
sorry if we haven't returned your call, we are experiencing crazy phone traffic. email us for faster response:
who's in the city cuh?
Good luck man RT: Gaucho's tuckered out from loading up. Which means it's time to go. Goodbye, Las Vegas, we'll truly miss you.
I mean the Twitterlove Fest...LOL!!!
i love you follow me or rt me or something please!!!!
Everything HALF OFF at our #etsy, #artfire, #zibbet shops & our website! On sale thru New Years Day.
I'm tweeting so much today. So this is what it feels like to be
I want to thank for supporting me. Just got a big job squared away from a client seeing me on the WM website.
interesting. mind sharing a few URLs so I could get an idea of what this looks like? Any words of caution or encouragement?
Sometimes I have split personalities
I have Lou lined up to be a shepherd, with Wykle as one of the three wise men.
thanks dude! :)
In football, the greatest satisfaction is winning when they say you can't.-- Robert Paul (same in business)
“ Yo Orlando is the spot right now, rappers performing at clubs plus the All Star weekend”
I want to thank Suzanne Koett, John Mulvany and Cherie Weaver for a beautiful show! It was great to work with y'all!
I smiled while the trainee took his money for me. I walked away saying a silent thanks to Grandma for smacking the douche out of us.
then yeah
LOVE!! Does Wonders!! SEXY DDUB!! iWANT in poster size;)
Obama returning to Gulf Coast this Friday. predicts that he will be on a boat and in the thick of it...let's see if they're right.
you're doing a great job at work lol thanks for my food!
good luck!
Thank you Milwaukee! We will continue to serve the best Indian food in Wisconsin, while making the changes our customers want!
Hey... Glad you made it.
OU Men basketball game thursday night at 7PM!!! Come support the Sooners!!
It's a mobile workforce in that you go where the jobs are. When you work with MN unions, MN workers will be the first hired.
We're camped outside Tennies Ace Hardware downtown
Happy Monday Buggies! We are hard at work getting closer to you! Happy trails and don't forget to taste outside the box! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
I got an iced white choc mocha anyway lol. I'm so selective with my frapp cravings :3
” The internet is like Esperanto—only different.” ~Brune
An <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD> got RT on my TL
Nathan Fletcher has some serious momentum cooking. SD's next great mayor and regional asset!
Procession of Faith right now at OITP - Mozart's "March of the Priests" leading them in. Slowly.
Good morning Houston! Friday is finally around the corner...what's everyone up to this weekend?
i started that one...but the one i wanted specifically right now is...the MissionHub one. :)
Flyers Eulogy was top notch.
RT Reagan won because he ran against Carter. Had he run unopposed he wld have lost – Mort Sahl
Omg...how funny. Its okay. Every place is not too exciting if you grow up there, but I love the country so who cares.
“: Have you photographed your #idea10badge yet? We'd like to create a Flickr set #idea10”
about what?
some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> ideas by noah
two... and i think this is an "on-the-side" project for them both.
I do this the majority of the time. Oh, they're making a movie out of it? I guess I don't need to read it.
My baby (now 17) crawled out of the apt, down the hall and up the fire stairs. It was her first time on steps.
OH YEAH!!!
yes! Dr. Doom is in the room.
What do you enjoy most about ? What can we do to make your experience better?
that sounds like a challenge! :-) Round 1: Angry Young Man - "He's proud of the scars and the battles he's lost..."
I wanna go swimming on this nice day
RT : OMG just remembered seeing Miike Snow tonight too. How could I forget. I LOVE
Dang! I havent been on twitter in forever!!!
OMG how? Are you serious?
I dunno, it could be. Hm.. I got like 5 different spirits asking me either "who is this" "who is that" or "who's there" O.o
of course
texting you now stfu
Motherf'er man
yes it does your just retarded and don't know how to use twitter
How are the sodas as a mixer for a cocktail? Noticeable difference?
#Ihateitwhen guys tell half-truths.
-_- bout to try an take a nap
yeah but ya play b ball like grandma rose . Lol
it only occurred to me later it was filming. rave woulda been cooler. looks like the architect was on...something.
Can't wait to see you in.. And we accidentally retweeted you twice!..
Hits!!!! Wats hood playboy
Thanks for book cover congrats!
I luuuuvvv spring break!
and it's not getting any better. It's so sad.
I hope that you've been spinning The Whole Love all day, because this is going to be ah-maze-ing Dec 9 can't come fast enough
Nimble's a brand new social CRM still in beta. Jon's the founder who also started (& later sold) GoldMine back in the day.
trying to do my job. sometimes is not easy :)
A Low-Cost Social Innovation Alternative to Arrest, Probation, and/or Incarceration is CAP -- Community Acceptance Program.
Brian Blackmore will present a paper to Am Acad Religion essentially saying my Elias Hicks findings offer a promise of "Queer futurity."
For a Twitter client? Echofon.
All you hoes still get no love all you can get is a fuck you get mad if ya want to you can kiss my white ass lol
lol we did
LOST 2 FOLLOWERS
What do you suggest we do as a country to improve the market place???
whoopensocker is just that, except the wonderful part.
#ThunderOverLouisville weather lookin better. AM clouds, PM sun. High 62. You two should come!
hahaha yeah right we love it. Sure do miss you though!
Hey what are your thoughts on Delonte West giving Gordon Hayward a wet willie?
Never got it, i checked ... blame hitler
in short, I loved both but found the original more profound. And the story is only half-complete w/o Smiley's People.
love you. Will be happy to join in your crusade.
Tech isn't a villain; it's a tool. But it can feed into mob mentalities. Ppl shouldn't take on the judge; judicial system should.
And good Monday to the rest of the Twitterverse, let the week's games begin.
Twitter rant over. Happy Lil 5/ April 20th to all
Just got down packaging some Love Crunch bars :) Tomorrow...post office, then get ready for another Chicago delivery this weekend!
Excited about the VA film festival! Going to see more films this weekend than I usually do.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
Teal, eggplant,burgundy, orange
Best response I've seen to the Romney bullying story: it can't be true because it violates the first law of robotics.
okay talk to u later
I was unaware you had the authority to take all my shit away & not allow me to talk to my own mother. Then hit me. You're only 18. Bitch.
I believe I'm capable of making some really good music!
I only knew one song! Lol RT : wish I was there! They are one of my favorites.
Safe travels to all of the #Amerks -
I'd 5-7 days is good. Enough time to hang with , catch a heat game, checkout some of the better restaurants, go to a meetup
shyt u saw me
judging a person does not define who they are.....it defines who you are - Marilyn Monroe
Also, isn't what tried to do like 5 years ago? Will a for-profit model succeed over mission-based?
Bought my STREB:Brave tickets way back in Sept bc I love that group but I had no idea that it was connected to that week's fest.
LOVIN ! U just killed it!
Hooray for Jan Maxwell on her Tony nomination for Best Leading Actress in !Thank you for your AF support...
Who picked #Ohio and #NCstate to reach the sweet 16? This guy!
Working on the lookbook for the new spring collection. It's something different, you guys, and it's SO exciting! Should be out next week!
#summerplans are ruined today cause its rainy and crappy :( wahhh
call me!!!
Skip Bayless: Questionable journalist. Horrible analyst.
true...I'm always cold anyway lol
~ Maybe you should do 1000 more! LOL.
Ignore last tweets, I was hacked!!!!
hey now, nothing wrong with that.
In flow/"the zone", the emotions are not just contained & channeled, but positive, energized, and aligned with the task at hand.
Don't count on your pacifism before your fists hatch.
It's wonderful to have a clear focus, genuine interest and actual programs for vets! Bravo!
day 20 of the heavy metals cleanse! my sciatic nerve is inflamed and clearing out toxins. hurts so bad i can hardly walk. woohoo!
My girlfriend Brandi mad at me cuzz I deleted a tweet about her ... Lmao who cares
Woke up to the sound of burps and the smell of eggs... 426 pride!
Oh, the flyers are at the nickelback concert? Please, someone jump on this. Two birds, one bomb.
I'm sorry but lesbians gross me out.
Morning practice yay!(:
my dad is concerned about the amount of drinking we did in Barcelona
Time to chipper up:)
nice. I say go for 45 minutes and see what they say.
the weeknd <3 new obsession "dedicated"
People are coming out of the woodwork to show their support for Baltimore Twestival. Thanks everyone - and keep it coming.
Didn't your mama ever tell you that fibbing is wrong? LOL. If those songs are posted, I can't find them.
Play Your own Mp4 Easily Along with Mp4 In order to Imovie Converter
awwwhh i do to !! i miss you sis :\
Totally agree with this John...Well said!
Working with this huge cramp
i freakin miss you bro
"Consuming wine in moderation daily will help people to die young as late as possible." ~ Dr Philip Norrie
I can't wait till I can have my site shut down for recording a cover song!
Sky with the great question, FTW.
haha nice, mine dropped a lot the last 6 matches or so -.-
Need some Vitamin D? would be the place to visit today!
no, I just don't get it
being more serours I'm here if you ever need some one to talk to :')x
you are welcome
The best band you signed while at Megaforce? (we have something in common...we both worked with Icon)
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Avoid the sun, except for early or late in the day for a few minutes, depending on where you live.
my mood seems to be adjusted by who i talk to in the mornins....
Working from home is bad for me. I can see how beautiful the day is. Makes me want to not be in here.
YES RT " A3 Tell me I'm going to experience a problem before I see it =good. Fix it before I feel it =great"
- miss you, too. you seem happy with your man. may God continue blessing you. love ya.
The COOLER SCOOTER is Now part of FLIPCUPS.com Products page
Good Sense
Bike ride home from the train station... Still steamy out.
Dear Newt: Thought we were done with open marriages in the WH when the Clintons left.
Either the rosefest is drawing a whole new demo or something else is happeming at the waterfront.
no he didnt..
Im hungry but I left my money at da crib.
Rest if you must but don't you dare quit.
NW; Bait Car
#TEDMEDgreatchallenges what do the buttons/pins with the challenge numbers on them look like? anybody got a pic?
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
We just read that for my book club! Did you know the author is from Austin?
Eleanor was the best Teaching Assistant I ever had, while doing undergrad at York. Set me on path for Queen's PhD 1999.
Does Marvin Lewis know you only get two of those red flags per game? What a terrible waste of both in the first half.
Both with a gigantic loss, and the fact that sudden, unexpected death is horribly triggering for me, cannot do anything in next cpl days.
I Understand...! You Are Most Welcome...We Are Here To Serve :)
My goodness, even the Oregon's band unis are sharp.
oh the irony of that tweet.
": Steven Spielberg produced 65 episodes of "Pinky and the Brain."" I used to love this show as a kid#:-)
How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete? -Unknown
Texting my Bestfriend and some more people(: hmu ?
just in case? more like definitely. i'm still not completely sure i understand the rules...right
iPhones covered in hair spray.....
Cameras ready #movie #plies #ritz2 shout out all my ladys
RT : Meet Dr. Jerry Gordon - 2010 Virginia Person of the Year - at Breakfast with Millionaires. May 13 2011. Jerry is a...
no, I am single. But, me & #youknowwho are great. <3 .
We are glad you had a lovely afternoon at #winerev, could you choose a favorite wine?
awww Nialler. What's wrong blue eyes?
Yes it does.. And science is a process.. Not a thing...
Ah! #Bbfail, eWarning cannot be used during reading period because no classes are running...
I've read some stuff lately about the procedure that is VERY scary. If it was me, I'd pick the mask.
Mitsubishi Motors in the UK Chooses Incentivated to Build iPad App
I spend 2 hours walking around houston with just to get some symphony milk chocolate bars
thanks mark you're the man too
Went to #ChelseaMarket for my first time yesterday and it was AWESOME! Food, desserts, and clothes. What more could you ask for?
I missed my 8k tweet :(
Anytime the Smith brothers need ne thing, its done..
Haters start ya engines, I hear em' gearin up
HappyBirthday to the most funniest/gorgeous/everything twins in the world and ILOVEYOU
It isn't me and you are on!! :O
Thumbs Up RT New M. Ward album on a quiet afternoon = perfect.
Thanks Steven! cc:
must be a lebron fan
I thank you God for all you are! I am thankful for you everyday! I love you Jesus Christ!
It was great to have you! You did great!
Interested in writing bout for HuffPoNY. When does #54below officially open? Send DM
I said "hmm... I see a moment forming. A moment where you and me can change both our lives" he looked at me as if I was drunker than he was
I was following your friend but she didn't follow me back and she didn't help me gain is what I'm saying
Next Meeting: March 28 at Lot 117 "Video and Photos in Social Media" - Keep your eyes peeled for my info
Roger that, Range Boss!
I swear to god if someone "nudges" me ONE MORE TIME on Draw Something I will lose it
don't get me wrong, I am rooting for osu.
needs to come home nowww :)
what time is practice tomorrow? is it open to the public? anything I should know if I have never gone before?
Austin, can anyone tell me where the #ddp currently is? They're doing a terrible job of updating status!
I hate you lucky duck!
writing some blogs ... it's fun to write!
I was changing up my room and then BOOM it got dark
jennielle and I do a bit of back messaging during the chat to plan on the move!
Let me guess: the one negative was probably a bully his or herself. If so, that's really sad in my opinion.
THAT HAPPENED TO ME!
#Twitter is starting to be fkin gay. Every time I try to login it fks up. Twitter you are so lucky I can't stand #Facebook or I would be out
Checking out terrance Blanchard tomorrow w hell of a musician. Wrote some soundtracks for spike lee films
Even thou your hearts on da left side of your chest , when it comes to makin decisions its always RIGHT!<3
anytime. It's truly is amazing : )
Are you ready for the Spring Lucido Tacori Giveaway & Trunk Show? Stop by today til 6p, tomorrow til 5p
Ain't nothin to it but to do it...
Somebody done bit this bitch Burger than gave it to her.. lmmfao
Perfection: "...to combine the seasick physicality of hardcore punk with instrumentation beyond guitars and emotion *beyond* anger."
Yes I did a keek & posted it to FB & Twitter :)
Hahaha Love it!! So what can us #Wellers do for you for #TroyTuesday ?? :))
I had no idea ppl wld B going this crazy 4 the Missoni stuff! When I say nothing was on the shelves..it was lk a tornado hit.
1. that's not a pregnancy test, and 2. you're pissing on my flash drive
and what did you think of the HG movie?
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book!!! (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. --Ayn Rand
Leaving today for a little Dollywood and backpacking in the Smoky Mountains, going off the grid for a bit. Hold down the fort for me?
Obama says he supports gay marriage... That's cool.
still sexy then and now!
I had a good time playing with the JCC. Fun gig.
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing boyfriend :))) <3 so understanding and caring.
thanks for the update. Police officer passed away perhaps?
Practicing my spanish at amigos supermarket
thanks for the opportunity!
Join us for Sunday night tunes & toons with Jed! 8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :)
All of a sudden you want to be in my good graces.
We look to help a population of young ex-offenders succeed!
Mahogany Productions Android App is pending in the Android Market and it should be available for download tomorrow.
Friends don't let friends use #godaddy. ;)
it will be ..the republican party has yet to show anyone else worth considering.
I can't ever just fall asleep. Although nighttime garbageman has come and gone.
It's a Janet Jackson kind of afternoon...."It's Janet, Miss Jackson if ya nasty!" WHO...okay I should start drinking now.
Eyoo. Its Yadi. I know this ain't FB, but here's yadi hackin jazmins twitter. xD This chick is amazing. I love you with all my heart jazz!
RIP Selena April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995 We will always love you and never forget you <3 Dreaming of You <3 A legend in music <3
in this economy its probably like a nickels worth for a dime. Lol
Am i the only one who want the shoes kobe got on rite now
cool!! Is that Arabic? Awesome!
Have to find some of my old Smiths CDs.
cuz im. down to hit it up:) an thts really close:)
Ton of cute guys at park st. Station right now
Things are good! Catch up soon?
Excuse my language But those B*#ches on the TNT half time just refuse to give our Hawks any love. That's ok That's ok tho.
#MTVWEHATEYOU because you put so much pressure on us to be perfect.
Sounds fun.....not
FWM WE TRYNA GET INTO A STUDIO IN DALLAS, N WE NEEDS SOME COLLABS....WHATS UP
Doubling down on our watchdog commitment - Chicago Tribune
OH GOD I CAN'T STAND IT! GO !
oh so you got the skills on the Wii huh?
The silence in honor of Carl Beane is great, if only we could get Bobby V, Joe Buck, and Tim McCarver to do this forever.
Okay, I'm freaking excited for the afternoon trek to , but it'll be great to see Mi Suk Ahn again. She crafts a mean cocktail.
The US needs to move on from 21.
Thank you Melena for following. Have a fantastic weekend.
In fact, dear lady, I came here to find out what was going on. I rarely do twitter. Go to G+ I can send you an invite.
Incredible night w/Haskell Wexler, Rita Taggart and Dir Andy Davis @ screening of Stony Island. BRILLIANT piece of art & exceptional score!
Burned out playing games. Apple staff nice as always but the reality is it's a S L O W line at Uptown Apple.
Well if there were 3 of them, that would be weird
Fasho! I got you!
hi i exist.
#Whywelove #Taurus they love to get touchy feely -- Terry Nazon () so true
Actually, I'm a little tarnished today...Lord Voldemort compromised my FB again. May pull it down.
thats whats up… im def down to make moves
Dag yu gone fa a min ...
it was like 4 days xD
yer awesome! Other people just suck.
Shoutout to GO FOLLOW HER! She seems EXTREMLEY NICE and should talk to me more!! <333 (: GO FOLLOW
There is some kind of St. Patty's bar crawl going on at the Square. When did March become "let's get drunk" month?
they are currently blasting your footloose song on campus at asu right now..made my day bout 30x better.
Listening to at #whatsnextdc. Gets it more than any lawyer I've heard. Talking about getting legal on board first.
OH NO DUDE! I had mine taken off :/ I can't make puppies :( Thanks Lisa, I had a dream for a fam.
I already have 3x more followers than I have friends on Google+ lol
So many wonderful performances tonight already, but rooting for as always!!
"Riding with my top down listening to this Jesus music.."
Didnt really tweet much today.
next year... but she doesn't want to you know with her making new friends and all
let me know my dude i got you you need layers flyers i know how to run how a campaign
I'm revisiting #ZendFramework - looks like they've added some better documentation with the newly release v1.8.
We love
I'd text but I'm dead on my feet. Talk tomorrow? You guys are my drug!
Enjoy BC! RT Dead wifi stopped a productive day on way to Vancouver. Guess I'll have to read Thank You Economy
I'm definitely going to regret tweeting and texting during this.
I know :( tommorow for sure though! :)
Watching Blood and Wine w/ Maynard James Keenan of Tool. Great flick.
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC. I'm ready to rock.
and , Happy April Fools! Try not to get pranked (;
that depends, does the ugliness of it affect my grade?
o ? Ehhh not goin to class if I can't make it to my own class. TOTAL FAIL wahhhhh :(
omg McCrain it's so short! It looks good!!
Well sometimes I go out by myself and walk to Ben & Jerry's
Carl Schurz~ Our country right or wrong. When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
Female vocalists FTW! ;] - Jess
Looking for Alpha Phi Alpha members for an article I'm working on.
wifey & I saw the movie last night! Just awesome! Wash your hands next time ur b4 u touch somebody! LOL! Again Great job
Awesome both! I think I'll be learning lots more about this as my book goes into production. It is all fascinating.
nice! Gotta love the 90s music :)
thank you for this. I have been exposed to "reality" TV on vacation, and I was letting it get to me.
Happy Red Aids Day. Happy Birthday Bono? Oprah, why'd you have to go?
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life :)
If I don't make it to work tomorrow, it's b/c I just did a kettlebell workout for the first time. Dammit, work wellness assessment.
Tweet us your #hangover stories! Best one gets a RT and a FREE sample of Closing Time! ;)
makes sense to me. Where do presentation skills come in when selling ideas? Face to face.
hey, you said your Kristen Stewart. Why would you wanna look like her? I will never know
ok. I knew I tagged you on one of my posts... just wanted to CMA. And abt PM to Denver... Why don't you ask her yourself??
Matrox Announces Support for Adobe Creative Suite 6 Production Premium Software - Broadcast Newsroom
oh shit. I'm on a plane tivo'ng
Turn to you makes me cry everytime I listen to it <3 Why does this boy have to be so sweet and flawless?
Still hype over the #Sixers win!
lol and then you lost with them. Lucked up and beat me and then stole my team! Lol you're searching for an identity on NCAA lol!
I'm sure I could arrange a private concert.
oh i forgot the subsection - "except when idiots make 2 fake ian accts"
Nice seeing you, I liked your hair, ugly.
watching the documentary again just made me prouder than ever. It made me remember all the good memories, fangirling and all :')
Sitting in court, waiting ... The wheels of justice grind slowly.
Ah fall weather!
going to sleep after means you did your job, now if they get up and start talking on the phone you have a problem.
Very applicable, interesting social media conference- but haven't heard much mention of
Way to finish strong with SClub 7 and The Cardigans !!!
LOOOOOL whod oesnt think is pretty most pretty girl in the world <3 i love her I.aM.mE SO INSPIRING AHH
The one time can watch 's austream he doesn't :'(
Who knew Blessid Union of Souls was spelled like that?!
Thus far since joining twitter, #jenniferlovehewitt has had the most interesting things to say...
It seems like every Oscar show has at least 30 people on the memorial segment.
hilarious... Oddly enough though, I just realized they have a grammatical error on this picture. Oops!
5 contestants in the running in the Twitter contest. 2 contestants at the top. Will it be or ?
Returning to Ohio next year...who knows.
“: MY NEW YORK SHOW IS SOLD OUT!!:D Thanks so much guys!!!<33 I love you(:”
Ha, love it! Will give that one a try for sure.
Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive. Haters gonna hate!
The Secret of Happiness can be read in my 5 previous posts...
Honesty is the Best Policy, Just Ask Yahoo&#39;s CEO » Flip Traffic
Anyone go to the Buffet concert last night in C'Ville? Heard it was awesome.
Dinner break after 8 levels. Nothing is going my way. 14k. Avg is 3 times that.
Galvanized by #2011ASA. Great panelling, project planning & catching up w. friends. Screamed lungs out at 's book party.
same here, here, here lol
I thought it was 4!
I never received my acceptance letter to Hogwarts, so I'm leaving the Shire to become a Jedi! #nerdstatus(= this makes me entirely too happy
Had a good leg workout.
Essentially, a few people come in and share how they use technology. Then we give a chance for teens to share with us.
some good ideaz there!
I can tk 4 max to Bellevue
Happy Mothers' Day! I know some pretty great ones.
all of the above! Jon said any IPA that we can't get here.
I Hear Angels Singing! HA
CALL ME MAYBE BABY ;) BHAHAHAHAHHAHA HYPER!(:
Oh and nice argyle pockets on your baggies.
HEADS ARE GONNA ROLL Y'ALL!
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary by Brandon Mull
same to you...have a great weekend!
What TV show would you MOST want to be on?
When somebody says they had no choice,they're lying people always have a choice.They just chose to take the easy way out..<3
Is anything im doing brand new?
Alright. Christmas is over. We can all go back to being assholes again.
We all have a really short friend named Gary
Thanks for the mothers day retweet! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Blah RT : Training camps won't open on Oct 3 and the league canceled all preseason games scheduled from Oct 9 through Oct 15
already did.
Jen....I want to apologize for upsetting you. I dont like that your mad at me. Im sorry. Upset bad friend
I hate it when my mom thinks everything is so easy & then her stupid fuckn words that always get to me
Feel Asleep For Literally Two Minutes .
I wish jeydon wale followed me or read my thingy I were him but it's old lol you should go rea it it's In my faverites
BB, if Boyz II Men loses to Big Time Rush, MTV should just close their blog. Period. No questions asked.
well you still have time! It's not due till Friday!
"Who I was": common avoidance of "whom" "Whom I was": See, I can use "whom" "Who I was": I can use "whom" & know about predicate adjectives.
The may never lose again.
"Friend" is a strong word.
coffee ice creamm (y)
heyy have you checked out our music? We're to to Vegas, moved from Florida. Our new ep is up for free download on our page!
It's not fair
I need to buy more VS sweat pants
I wish was my best friend...
My first book- 'Conversations I recorded without them knowing.'
for some reason I can't open the link. Doesn't Fb have >500M?
Rocking out to Mister Heavenly's "Bronx Sniper". Find it free on Amazon.
And I'm not trying to bust your chops; you wouldn't have your résumé w/out a good head on your shoulders & passion for the game (:
LOL, Schaub continues practicing his running TD's... just in case.
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty. Gregory I
Can Dampier replace Matt Light on the #Patriots offensive line?
yeah me fucking you in the ass bitch!
Was feeling sorry for myself with an hour plus wait at the DMV until the guy next to me woke up and had overslept by 80...
right?! He's terrible
Nice! You could soon be Mayor there. LOL Enjoy Bill's talk.
from the neck down is good that head??? Not so much
Can't believe I missed that. Do y'all have other upcoming events?
In a hidden vault buried under the house with some creatures guarding it. No one's seeing those. RT: where's yours?? Lol
I'm Bea tweeting on behalf of a Bay Area emerging arts leader network
Gore: The average American watches telvision for 5 hours a day, and older Americans watch 7 hours a day.
"i think id miss you even if we had never met."
when your thinking gets in the way of your sleep <
Ah, that's why I couldn't find it. I had "A". Looking again...
Well. We tried to leave gator town early... But Carter lost his iPhone. And we had to circle back twice! Northward!
Starting physical therapy again today
Not yet. But keep your fingers crossed!
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include seeing your grandkids grow up. What motivates you?
no . But u must still go all out lol
here too. .
on ur computer u can
I always think these things won't mean anything to me. But then they happen. And then they do.
Anyone going to buy an iPad as a gift for someone for Xmas?
Two new batches of cold process soap curing: Tropical Fruit and Stargazer Lily. Ready to list in three weeks. Vegan, gentle, pretty!
Four more commitments to Lady Royals’ program announced
Getting ready to watch USA play Brazil in FIFA Confederations Cup. Go USA!
Overheard : "If you guys bought me teething rings, I'd totally chew on them." (cc )
aww me too, represent(;
I heard your interview on the heat sattelite radio station. I think you AMAZING haha #1 fan right hurr ;) <3
what time and which cluster? Lol
Life at any time can become difficult: life at any time can become easy. It all depends upon how one adjusts oneself to life.
#CLIPPERS Safe Travels.. Bring home the chip!!
He who lives by the crystal ball soon learns to eat ground glass. -Edgar R. Fiedler
because it was an improv field trip....
I think another issue is also the name. "John Carter" sounds like a Masterpiece Theatre #film. (on Mars! with monsters!)
Wow... that's a lot.
I would love to hear more about the conference! Thanks!
Today's projects: homemade roasted poblano sausage, bacon caramel corn, sweet tea vodka in fresh squeezed lemonade. Not a bad Saturday.
I miss you too!!!
Bubba freaking Watson
Happy #StarWars Day, everyone! May the 4th be with you. (stolen from a friend)
Woke up late ._.
become a fan on facebook King Of Fitteds
U just as dirty greasy.
swing by my office in waltham, we have a softball game this evening and could use some wings!
Stoked to try out my new windshield wipers. Too bad I live in Southern California and will never get the chance :(.
Couple A,B,C's, bad bitch double D's, poppin E, I don't give a F nigga told you I'mma G.
HE ALREADY DID HE'S WITH ME
Last Thursday photos wanted! Send them to us at
here we go again..
#The Top 5 Lies women tell "I'm Pregnant and its Yours lmaooo"
lmao man yeah
lol i was being a clown that day
Remember every situation has a bright side .. It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
I'm going to be
Like I said to you (er to Jeffrey Dallas LOL) today, I am inspired by how you got started as well as your skill and tenacity.
And if you all are really really lucky, I'll break out the #aasl librarians at the conference haikus I wrote last Saturday.
in We Trust...all others must prove they're #BITW .
New #Nike spot #basketballneverstops is epic!!!
#mortgagenews What ’s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : November 7, 2011 Mortgage markets improved last week as optimism fo
Glad to hear it. If you have questions, send them my way and I'll answer on my blog.
Just started reading NYT profile of Fascinating.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Brady is a consistent 20 ppg fantasy guy, no reason to it him against Jets, he'll do just fine
Your the best!
....I love this weather
tweeting random shiittttttttttt
It's crazy here Lots of things going on Can't wait to share with you guys but we'll give you a heads up soon :)
lucky banana. Hey do you know if they have physiology as a science class over there? :o
RT : Frustrated tweet
Everything always sounds worse at 5:30am besides, "I will make breakfast you sleep for another 4 hours"
“True love cannot be found where it truly does not exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does. ” William Shakespeare in the house!
Global tourism industry is double the size of car manufacturing and roughly 1/3 > chemical, says World Travel & Tourism Council.
yuup im down!
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
#Someday Justin will see my tweets to him and follow me back or retweet my tweets I'm never going to give up Justin <3<3<3<3<3
Such a politically correct answer. You're such a pro :)
RT : "Enjoy yourself. It's later than you think." ~Chinese Proverb
Good tip, saw cheapest tix there. Now I know why.
are you available in Illinois?
TWEET TWO!!!!! LA spirit baby....LA spirit
This Mikayla Girl..
Can't be there, but I could prob get y'all a table.
HOLY SHIT it's cold. What happened to out like a lamb??
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT TONIGHT be there at 6pm! NEW SERIES tonight 'OCCUPY all STREETS."
plus, I need to go retake my english placement.. I know it still cannot be the same.
SHERRY'S KITCHEN - We finally got a beautiful poster for the first season, designed by Suzanne Baranski.
RT : literally just preached amazing at #gcconf ! Cant wait til he comes to in vegas!!!!
I'm going to end up hurting the ones who are the closest to me, but I have to do this if I wanna be happy. Alone is what I have to be.
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. Reports Technical Disclosure Review
Apple orchard =satisfaction
RT if you love BET and MTV
hey bro. doing fine?
Went #HAM at Lunch Today, which made my Nerves so Bad.
|<U+2605>ATTENTION<U+2605>| For all Photo Shoots contact <U+25BA> everyone follow now <U+25BA> For Music Videos contact
is Las Vegas today - Ballmer speech & Medialink CES Kickoff Event
Thanks buddy!
Compare & Read Reviews now Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad ...
you have to follow me haha
is this for real<U+E336>
well u gotta come by the crib wen u make it in town so u can see yo godson
did Mr. Wigget do it??
got my taco bell. happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Do you ever have days when you think you could start a business counseling the salespeople who come in to pitch you on how to sell? Today!
#thatawkwardmoment When you're singing your favorite song & still mess the lyrics up..
Who wants join me in a class action suit against the city of Seattle for their 8pm parking zones? Hurts businesses and neighborhoods.
What shades of gray are you looking for? Charcoal Gray, Heather Gray?
it's not her birthday smart one
wow i'm a spammer bc I sent you 1 msg in reply to something u said? ok! Make your tweets private if you don't want replies
Love my KOOLAID PICKLES
No, do not take a job to retain your sanity.
I am thankful that I have such incredible parents.
I'm still not against taking a corner in the 1st. I wouldn't mind DT, CB, RB, LB, DE. Depending on the player of course.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander - gps car dvd players
Al Harrington...trying to scare Kobe Bryant with his own face mask.
Did you know this fact?! Every home purchased pumps an additional $60K back into the community?? For more news, check out my FB fan page :)
I don't wanna go to work!
Did anyone else IMMENSELY enjoy "the Format" back when they were making music?!?! (I'm always 2 years late to the party) #FUNgreattune!
o who is jehovah?
I've been waiting on God, and god has been waiting on me.
Big thanks to Strong Midwifery and the family maternity center. We feel very well taken care of here.
20 more minutes then im out of here.
You're still stuck? Good luck today! Get home soon. RT And another delayed flight. Joy.
You're welcome. It was a very good talk.
That moment when everything falls into place
Guys, I do NOT hate Kate. My iPod shut down while she tried calling me and she's just being a drama queen :p
hate you
#Retweet if you like freegive aways! Especially if there Giveaways!
fb chatting even though hes 20ft away from me.
it's slightly soapier and slightly sillier west wing
We Go Together Like Cocaine & Waffles.
What album have you heard recently that you can't stop listening to?
wonderful day!!!
Thanks, Plaid!
I need a new AVI
And the wheels fall off.
Feeling rather rough today. Cuddling my dog and a bottle of water while I curl up on the couch and watch chick flicks
take a shot for me.(:
I know. Cavs beat OKC, Irving is great, talk radio: are the Browns a bad team or the WORST TEAM, call in...
Why must we create a new website for EVERYTHING...
hello new followers ! make sure you follow us personaly too ! were and
A5 Moments of honesty, insight and humanity. There’s nothing more moving than hearing someone speak straight from their heart
Unscramble,Guess the song, True or False, Who said this? Any of those
Today on my bday, I just wanna run some errands....that actually is exciting to me lol
no your hot i just got the movie on dvd the directers cut even though i saw it in the theater 3 times!!
I love Comic-Con because being there makes me feel like I'm on Cloud Nine. Being there is a great experience & I love going every year
I cant wait for the show next week
All of the pretty bluebonnets make me think of my younger years; stopping on the side of the road and snapping a few pix!!
It's a lightly smoked sablefish mousse, wrapped in a chive sheet and topped with Ossetra caviar and a pain de mie crisp.
I swear I bowled a 114 last night... I swear
I hope you didn't forget your wallet.
Are you staying warm in this cold?? We have just what you need to feel better! Stop in and see us open till 9! :)
hey baron...sent you an email....
Are you ready for Summerfest? Who do you want to go see?
illicit flows
Tune In Today: Bill will be on to talk about the new book and the 8 steps of collaboration. You won’t want to miss this.
i describe twitter as mini-blogging. of course describing twitter to people who don't know what a blog is tough.
Love the photo of you & !
Anyone in the Madison area heard of or used General Purpose Movers? Thoughts?
You want the truth? I love you
On April 18, 1923, the first error committed by a Yankee was Babe Ruth. He dropped a fly ball in the 5th inning of the Yankees vs. Red Sox.
He who began a good work in you will perfect it until the day of Christ Jesus. -Philippians 1:6
love you beeb.
Ted Nugent Booted From Army Concert
What a terrible, terrible accident. I've never heard of one of those chambers blowing up like that, but w/ all that oxygen...
Holy moly! Have fun, you're gonna crush it for sure.
$500 dollars, down the drain!
Cannot believe that, with just a little more work, we will no longer have any wine left in boxes. Racks all around!
I leave town for a month and you write a new book??? That's awesome. Looking forward to it.
he's pretty solid right?
Serenity now!
Santorum said he "doesn't believe in an Internet where anything goes". Better Google his name to find out why...
when i get paaaaiiid
Yea I would be up anytime in the morning for your job ^^ Have fun!
the best feeling in the world; falling asleep in his arms watching a movie <3
": wins the Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor!" a star dem for WI one day G-d willing. We need one.
Never really figured how to get value out of #AdobeBridge, would you mind sharing your contact sheet tip?
I love lunch time
I don't want a late practice.
Brennan sacked by Muldoon, but there's a flag.
I can't believe people are actually following me :) I'm so flattered!!
. I did. Love the Cinammon P! Saw something similar with Bombay East at Social Mixology's gig.
Me!!!! Lol “: I'm going to make tea, who wants?”
I give up xD
My Head Hurt So Bad :\
Everybody be safe out here!!!!! Ride for ur team....
Beautiful day for landscaping at Avenues.
Off out soon to do some photography at a Fancy Dress 40th Birthday Party!!
so super psyched
Traveling today...later gator
I know u're kidding, but need to interject that yesterday I interjected in a convo about meditation that LoL = restraint
Bard to take the hill tomorrow if the weather holds up. How do you think he will fare for the #BoSox?
Not sure yet! RT : Trying 2C when u will all be there RT still working on schedule
We put the "us" in "trust"
enjoying your comments via googledocs at #ntcamp !
I don't hate you, I've just lost all respect for you.
aw man!! at least i'm on the train now-- I'm stoked!
Dear Acer: You make some good-ass computers! But you need to dial it back on the smartpad sensitivity. It's fucking up my writing. Love, RMJ
Ah, sunshine! It's amazing how a little photosynthesis makes all the difference in a day. Soak up some Vitamin D today, people!
i want a follow!!! I love you <3 and im actually wayching u right now on tv lol , pleasseee:)
does the war still want to kill me? -k
Heading to Texas to see my colleagues in Houston and Dallas. Looking forward to conducting training programs for you!
Looks like "Hot Dog" Sanchez will be using Tebow as a bun for his wiener.
Tribe line-up set to tee off on this 9.09 ERA. Sounds like hits, sounds like runs.
do work son...
Very much yes. The ALA theme doesn't mesh with our marketing & it's Friday afternoon so...
That Algebra 2 test<
What a surprise. Security not explicitly called out in requirements means it was never a consideration.
I miss you!
What was your key takeaway from ?
Just got my bill and they gouged me with overage minutes with no warning [not happy] VERIZON....
Rock it out as always!
Not trolling, just reaching out to people who might be interested in visiting the exhibition! :)
its pretty
i don't think bobo really caught on.
Blood Drain Angel's Story get it #blooddrainbook #barnesandnoble #fiction #vampire retweet this plz
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa
Thank you #AngelaCorey god bless u!! #TravyonMartin- he has been arrested! may ur soul hav comfort and RIP
What neighborhood in New York do you live in? And what is great about it?
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
Holy crap, my awesome sister is graduating college tomorrow
teaching style has nothing to do with charter vs. non.
Standard hip-hop bar has 9 words, mine has 30.
Too desperate? : (
I get home faded af everyday & straight knock out then wake up like at 12 wide awake . I gotta stop these habits -.-
All shirts should be Dri-FIT.
You're really bad at comebacks !
Close of business today and no LOI from hoops prospect Tank Mayberry. We're seeing if we can get more info on this situation.
you'll be having 1-hr straight moments a few times a week pretty soon
fuck my feelings right? I don't try to.
Do you and some chick named Stepanie have a problem or something? :o she goes to stephens >.<
not even their accessories? :)
I'm coming over cause I nearly froze this afternoon. Let's talk about shrinkage shall we!
Watching Seether, Shaun is like Kurt Cobain reincarnated. Everything about him is Kurt.
ooohhh the bengals almost come out with the win. lol
Thank you for meeting with us.
Two participants in the tasting guessed the wild card wine correctly...Detailed results coming up this week on the 'Zilla
Who ever said 'What you don't know can't hurt you' has got to be a complete total moron.
Lunch at BASIX CAFE with mom!!!
I'm so happy that NBC renewed Whitney!
Happy Thanksgiving !
*belly-laughs* I was in #bitchmode. Now i've switched gears to #buzzmode :)
“: Ex-Olympic swordsman who performed as Darth Vadar in 'Star Wars' light-saber scenes dies at 89" this is breaking news?!
#CommonTattoos Nautical Stars, Tribal Armbands, Black Cursive Chestpieces
Keep the air your baby breathes smoke-free - both to reduce risk of SIDS and for baby’s overall health (as well as your own)!
Free Ezell's chicken at work. Thank you ESPN you work above me on the 12th floor.
thx for rts <U+2606> “: ; Greetings! Thank you, for following. I appreciate it! Best Regards, ~Beannaichte'! Alicia O'Hara”
Before I hit the sheets, I'm sending a huge Happy Birthday wish to one of the most amazing ladies I know! Happy Birthday !!!
Headed to the auto show been a long time looking at the future garage lol!!!
Cookout... fun?
Yay! Positive, encouraging feedback in Music Cataloging. These are the days I love
turns out it wasn't cosplay, he didn't know who Haggar was!
Today we are excited to aquire the art work today!!!! thank you artists!!!!
RT : Guys always make girls cry, but if a girl can make a guy cry, she must really mean something to him.
Is that your excuse for not going? The bubble? Hm. :)
No. She thinks that person doesn't work for the Packers anymore, I haven't looked. Not all GBP empl. paid well.
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b! #sciencerocks #STEM this is what #scied needed
A Lean Marketing Revolution by John Errigo, has made the concept of marketing easy to understand in 40 pages.
Love checking out trending topics. :)
I felt it. Crap. This is last spring all over again.
RT cheers all from the Barossa! Busy w/ vintage!
and #BryceHarper is on
but you would like him back if he liked you?!
I don't think you have the right # I'm about to Dm you
Love wen bitches twitter fight;D
Actually, I have a great sense of humor. But some mocking just meant for public perception.
That would be really, really fun... And so useful! Alas, I cannot attend this year but will avidly be following.
Enjoying some BBQ w/ buy she's a vegetarian... More for me!
Hello Twitter World !!!
« me either Tiff»
Doing financial analysis on SKUL for a final. Judging from the scene in the library I'm recommending they move into the yoga pants market.
Wait until that money come in... all your friendships will end...
it's the atheist in you.
Loved seeing you on Sunday! Show is too short; more kids=bigger time slot! “: and mys
#tasteofdc is only 6 days away!! featuring wine tasting pavilion & The Wine Games with ! will you be there?!
im always carrying a poptart with me
hahah she didn't even know what it was until I said something
Fashion Star is really off to a good start. They just referred to H&M as a "juggernaut."
Pre-All Star Game the #Yankees .258 team BA was 9th highest in #mlb. Since then their .288 BA is
Tracking guitar today on six of my originals! (Don't worry-- I'm not playing!). I love recording.
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 26
by the way, my birthday is in December! I love to celebrate!
We have a truly special wine 4 you David Bruce Chardonnay w/flavors of lemon, apple, mango, bright acidity, minerals, cream & vanilla bean.
And get to Yayos Tacos at 5:45 pm to watch #NextGenerationRising perform an acoustic set
Even if the Lakers don't win tonight they need to beat up OKC somehow. Fresh legs = falling jumpshots. We're seeing that tonight.
don't forget that Reggie Wayne is going with Peyton and Denver has already signed Dallas Clark.
Thanks for the retweet of the Wired Campus piece. Would love your feedback on a demo.
I'm not seeing an image.
how much longer do we need to wait until we hear you play Cher Lloyd ? :-)
At Thompson Park in Arlington supporting Karl Warren for Arlington City Council, District 1, beautiful day for a picnic....
And I can only hope that Facebook meets the same fate as AOL.
You're welcome(: I'm glad I followed you, your stories always make me smile(:
it would have made a heck of a bonfire haha
This is stuff I need to cover on my album
I know god won't give you anything you can't handle. But hopefully things will be alright.
and Winning!
Throw out a RT if you'll be at our trunk show with tomorrow! 6-8pm Benson 410. Champagne's on us!
: WTH is all this candidate singing stuff? Its true Our election has officially turned in2 American [snip] idiots
Damn my throat hurts, but it's money for us
Good morning, all!
Hope everyone stayed safe during the storms! Looks like we are in the clear for the rest of the evening :)
Please bring me a ham sandwich. Just kidding. Enjoy #NationalTrainDay at
Thanks Matt!
Guy right behind me at a Starbucks - cashier: "what do you use on your mustache?" "oh, just basic mustache wax." .. Epic!
Nice guys do finish last, no lie!! & girls wonder why we turn into assholes lol
thanks girl! Samantha said hey!
Lilly said Coach Ditka has elf ears.
Convicted former SDPD cop Anthony Arevalos will be sentenced at 9 a.m. in dept. 37 of the HOJ.
no Justin Bieber
Thanks Jared.
Glad to have you. This is going to be a GREAT season, that's for sure!
I did paid close attention to Subway's ad during #ThePitch--a great commercial. The show is an advertiser's dream. Quite canny by AMC.
Soo, I wonder when I'm actually gonna start this sonnet.
And tonight it's Ommegang Keep the Glass Night at Tilted Kilt!!!
Support student autonomy. #savektru RT : how much do you think we could get for the MOB? you know, strip it for parts
More sem web use commercially than in academia.
I agree. I think it is because they are infused with self-righteousness and an air of superiority.
Naw im all good, I was back to zoning last night on xbox live. But I won't be able to drive to box arena for awhile.
Who did you hear that from?
its sick that someone can control a persons life this much. Roger should remove his salary for five years and see how it feels
Kind of jealous of the library with the three-letter OCLC abbrev "SHH."
Great first session of the future lab mentorship program with today, excited for the rest of the program!
Did anyone else notice in #GIRLS that Hannah is following 902 people and has 26 followers on Twitter? Protected account?
I knew Joe Jonas & Ashley Greene would break up eventually...
I wish had an rss feed for their blog.
it's tasty as fuck.!
Thank you for ending my search for the "most obnoxious sunglasses." It's a sick obsession.
The show is amazing and you're so Great! Can't wait for the next episode!
Wow just woke up slept 11 hrs...this shoot in the hot desert sun is kicking my ass! LOL
Cutting a Foot on an AgateWare Bowl
Wow, I had no idea that Kristen Stewart actually had fans.
still waiting for my skype lesson.
i fucks wit make a buck hard, and mf doom verse went hard and i like retarded fren but i didnt feel the beat
What along day. Sighs
Love the new song!!!
"AYYE LETS BLOW THE LOUD"..." I GOT MINE BITCH WHERE YOURS AT??"
S/O to my new friend
Now I need to find 1-2 days to sit back & kvell in all your rich new content. My #mw2012 PPT is short, but coming!
I know you miss DC!
Today is the National Day of Prayer. Whether you make it out to an event or not, please take time to pray for America. Romans 13:1-2
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 46
Realized the events of the next few weeks make me want to laugh, cry, and vomit simultaneously.
mine didnt want all that lol shes just finding 30 stupid things wrong right now
Tell ya mammy I said qood morninq ya heard meh
Hey follow me I know where i am going . . . I think.
Pussy on my lips. > I eat tha pussy up up up up up up up
y'all r behind
I just wish Tebow sucked as a Chief. We could use some wins.
Glad you enjoyed our photos!
I don't know but I like it!!! Follow E - she is :)
Somebody i dont really know should tweet me right now, anybody who reading this on they TL whats up??
Now following Seriously funny.
I have had the same problem with HSBC.
ugh! Almost done with my cleaning. YIKEYS!!!
I'm open to anything
#mona is not A if anything it's someone you'd never guess. I think Mona was hired to pretend to be A.
This is why we teach our kids the proper terminology. Last night my daughter announced she had to go drop the kids off at the pool.
My phones at 13% ):
Yucky day outside, today used to be a paid holiday for my company, not this year :( But one week from today i'll be in DC!.
I just found out that you had a SoundCloud last week. I literally have listened to nothing else since. :)
I'll post the online auction address this weekend.
Had Pho for dinner
I want the hamburger you posted on tumblr! YOU MADE ME HUNGRY. lol
Couch Park, it reminds me of the quad at UO. My new hangout spot on sunny days.
Thanks Annie! RT great video Alexa!
I love you, too <3
i'm volunteering @ a high school..very interesting listening in on the walkie talkie conversations...it's all good :)
I see any signs he's really straight... but still his words were like sugar, really sweet :) <3
Aleshia Dorst Happy Birthday!!!!!!!! This party is off the hook! Full house yo!
All work and no food ...
You are the perfect teacher, Josh--they're so lucky to have you!!
On our way to Davis Island for our morning session.
CD COMES OUT NOV 15TH! PICK IT UP!
Lol I'll be looking forward to that.
#happybirthdaytravisclark. If you had a time machine, what decade would you go to and want to live in?
Aw that's so sweet!!! Haha I'm really happy for you! He seems really nice! Lol and he's super cute!
Taco Surf best Mex in SD, breakfast burritos. konos @ pb pier, egg sandwich
Did you know Marilyn Monroe was a foster child?...
so i'm mowing the grass trying to hurry up and get it done and run out of gas...super
it's important we all take a moment and remember that pretty people have problems too
Memphis gon take game 7 but grizzlies I don't think will get past San Antonio
My brain holds 60% dance, 30% music, 10% miscellaneous
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 88
My my Mitch Daniels what a nice hairline you have
Wu Ting-Fang~ Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.
i have a poem i wrote when i was 19. my mom destroyed a book of over 300 i wrote. poems have been a hobby since i was age 9.
YOU ARE AMAZING! Thank you so much for that. Seriously the best.<3
goodnight Chris jumping over the moon. :) thanks for your leads.
come and see the violence inherent in the system! help! help! I'm being oppressed!
It's crazy seeing Austin get more and more popular. But Im glad I can say ive been here since the beginning.
“ Frank Klopas complained to Fire FO and made the Cauldron take our banners down at a reserve game. Haha” so proud! Thats awesome
If I had an opportunity to reboot my business, I would start a larger PR agency. I'd have layers of assistants to keep people out of my face
studio session knockin out a smash!
Made my Momma some pancakes, bacon, and eggs!
"Same doesn't lead to different." re: people, places, & voices in evaluation -
Jan just mentioned Phil Ethington and Todd Presner
For a church to truly partner with families, family ministry can't merely be a department in the church.
Test posting: our Twitter client seems to be posting things twice for no good reason.
March showers bring April flowers?
Chicago Municipal Election Day Is February 22, 2011 We urge you to exercise your Chicago Citizen Empowerment. ChicagoCitizens.com/Candidates
We're building a global ent netwk fam friendly a one stop shop for all yo ent. needs.
No matter where you are, it's always the same story. Cops have ZERO respect for the people they supposedly "protect & serve"!
you know it! Hahaha All day & even more so lately since I stay home alot
Hurdled. Again. OUTS ARE YOUR MOST PRECIOUS RESOURCE, CLINT! Quit giving them up like a teenager on prom night.
well.. I'm always saying how much I like challenges. time to hop in the rat race and acquire some dead prezidnetz
Amie, angelic softness
Going to the tonight: Unanswered Question, 3 Places in New England, and some piece by Strauss.
You forgot burned popcorn
tonys game in a little :]
That earth quake is crazy. Never say never.
Mayor: even if there's a good reason for not making Fire Sttn 10 a restroom, there's a better reason for doing it anyways
Rebekah's hilarious typo of the day: "transhitstorical."
wat happened2Id b there4u no matter wat guess it just went down the toilet w/everything else u said bout our friendship I
i love your icon *-* <3
Classic song! geto boys mind playin tricks on me! that's what i'm listenin to. Hey chad im officially a patriots fan b/c of u sir
the men & the other women are both responsible. If either are incapable of controlling themselves, they need help
Shabbat Shalom! Join me tonight for live services. 7pm EST
it may be best for our relationship if I let be the mayor. ;)
Picking up good stuff at MD Entrepreneur's Expo, but the state needs to break its addiction to fed govm't contracts
I am so impressed with the housekeeping staff at the Hyatt in Cincy they are so attentive they will be getting a great Yelp review for sure!
Ppl who take 15mins to text back. <<<
OMBB, Our boyfriends, have the same name . <3
“: Watching the #RoseBowl and my nerves are frazzled. I like Oregon but want to see a big ten win"didnt figure u 4 a Midwest gal
I agree. Good for you!
I make a lot of experimental instrumentals, not just rap beats. Do you have any preferences or ideas on the vibe/style/genre?
OMFG REALLY!?!? What school do you go to? I go to Clark.
Listening to Country Grammar. Almost thought Nelly was clever enough to put a Pokemon reference in the song.
Yup. RT turn on rose or durant RT : when Lebron wins one what are all these people going to do with their lives?
my tl would be boring without and his rudeness(:
Just got your invite! I think LT and I are going to have to come!!
Thich Nhat Hanh has a wonderful saying, “Peace in ourselves, Peace in the world.”
I ate at the new one today m m good!! RT“: Excited that Chick-Fil-A's opening corresponds with my menstrual cycle”
no way, I live in hays for school.
whoa, leaving early...good luck bro! Is there a website to monitor your race?
WOW. Congrats, Caps! Well deserved.
# COLORBLINDFRIDAY!...wear it or tar it:)
Off to a 2 hour softball practice...
Keep Your Mind On Your Riches Baby, KEEP YOUR MIND ON YOUR RICHES!
I was really craving Hainan chicken (random) but #Savoy is closed tonight! :( Any suggestions for Sunday dinner in LA?
It is hard to be that smart.
Tomorrow ESPN will announce which 3 new international cities will host an X Games event beginning in 2013. The X Games have come a long way.
OPENING ALL OF HIS BIRTHDAY GIFTS = PHONE BEING BLOWN UP <3<3 HATERS DONT SWEAT US, ITS A MAHOMIE THING(;
Today might be what I like to call a "retarded" day
I'm a OG for GOD
should be on in an hour. Middle school dreams are about to come true.
I don't mind reading I wish I liked to read more but it's hard for me to find a book I can really get into.
*eye roll in unison*
Thank you for the #WW mentions
Was all hardworking yesterday only to find that everything was closed. Hope ya'll had a good day off. Hmph.
When people tell you what you did wrong and you attempt to fix it and they say "naw I got it"...don't complain then if you got it!!
That's awesome!
This #thatcamp #pmt brought o you by IKEA and LEGO
Need to jump all over NJ to start the 3rd period
Adrienne Bailon has a new TV show on Style starting June 3rd! I can't wait!
following! Great game by Dion and the #CUSE tonight! Happy to support!
LAUREN C shoots a beauty campaign for DERMSTORE today!
I tried to memorize all the French monarchs once, so I could stop googling them
We do. First, sleep.
Have fun you crazy bastards! Say ello to Harry for me!
I asked him if I could go away with him..Pack all my bags and just run away with him.
No Perk!
Good morning twitter, too much blood in my caffeine system, correcting that with some coffee , ricky tick ...
I can't wait until tonight!
Who says that?
Together let us run toward #freeandfair elections in Congo. Be a whistleblower for peace.
But, I'm most disappointed in the lack of customer service. #grouponfail #nmmagazinefail (6/6)
This is how we do it
I luv samsung phones
I really dont think you should expect to learn anything from this tweet... except that guy on #ancientaliens has one wierd doo..
#ABQ This sunday we'll be streaming live "Night at the Oscars" film industry party. so you can see all the behind the scenes stuff.
no good
no, you are just tripping.
2nite $4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY DRINK/SHOT
Its a good thing I am who I am. I would have been useless at anything else.
Seriously hate everyone!! I'm so done.
thanks, mate! hope to see you there.
Who says you can't teach an old cat new tricks: it's amazing how quickly kitty acquires a new way to subordinate me.
Listening to some Mary J. Sipping on that peach ciroc
Caught up on past episodes of #panam last week while on vaca. Ready with cocktail-bring on tonight's show!
FRI Dinner Dessert Special: Blackberry Cobbler with Brown Sugar Ice Cream
In 2011 you're still singing "we're so 2008." Really Black Eyed Peas?
my phone does that randomly all the time. I hate that.
RT They were painted a distinctive color to set them apart as fun, evocative figures that could be touched.
sanjina you can pick us up... Jk but seriously. Let's find someone who can drive that isn't at prom
sometimes it's hard to find like-minded people
a watched pot never boils...
RT : Happy Easter Tweeps. He is Risen!!! He has risen indeed!!!
whatcha doing in o-town?
......lifes too short for Bullsh*ting, get it right 2day, and be kind to others.......
Listen. React.
I need a #Tools #Programmer interested in working on an #MMO on the east coast.
Rock out under water with this coupon Code: GO BANANAS It is still waiting for love. $20 off
photographed U2 in Philadelphia. photos coming soon.
Filner says he has what all the candidates talk about, experience, new direction.
Morning Glory Coffeecake, Giant Blueberry Muffins, AND TOAST. Cinnamon Swirl or Eight Grain. Plus more, start your CoffeeFest in
remember the advice I just gave you, about F'ing the shit outta college for me, F someone else's college, LOL... Love you.
agreed very good
Do You have more month than money? Jobs 4 teachable, smiling, friendly net-workers. Possible 6 fig income. 360-217-7967 phone appointment.
Salutu! Friday greetings to my tweeps in the Corsican tongue.
I always laugh a bit when people say 120mm film...the visualization of how large 12CM would be doesn't seem to come to play.
Happy birthday to my baby daddy again!
RT : its time to build #DopeShitRightThere #TeamBoxMann Sick Made
me too! ;) I haven't seen the footage yet. My sis is gonna teach me how to edit my own vids. It'll be fun! :)
Haha! That's hilarious! Plf cover band? We're honored! Although you'd be much more succesful doing dave Matthews band songs!
you too! Have a good feeling about it :)
THATCamp Hybrid Pedagogy if I have my way. :)
haha must be
Lots of girls do! I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James, & most of the top 20 piks last Sep! Girl power!
So much grading to do and - o, there's an 11am showing of the Avengers?!!?
4,000 followers! thank you guys. lets get it to 5,000! My new music is going to blow you guys away!
Unfollowing all the people that send me spam. Stop sending me spam!
full blown hardo move bein a bar before the sun goes down
Why are there so many etiquette books directed towards girls?
thanks Alexis! You rock!
thas what's up
Did you block that fool?
a good way to look at it. Being smashed by 30 is obviously da same as losing by 3. Must not teach math in the bluegrass state
he started jumping at 2 months..the first day we got him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Olympians comparing their bodies to hybrid cars = time to move on
thank you so much :)
Family guy in Spanish is hilarious
wow! I had no idea. Thanks!
VJ for a first down.
Hey World! I'm new to twitter! Who should I follow?
#FridayNightLive at ! Music by & Hosted by Powered by & RT
OMG I couldn't tweet for a second. FEMME FATALE
Thanks for the intro you wonderful lady!
I feel sorry for #Jelina . The biebs is already cracking under the pressure.
Then I just saw that I have a collaborative English assignment due the day after spring break that was assigned today.
I will post it on my blog tonight with the information on how to prepare it. It would not fit in a tweet :)
#summermemories when me got thrown outta fun for all <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
and it's one thing to report hard news it's another to bet on morbid curiosity for click throughs
is back in the saddle - flying F16's in Colorado is a nice contrast to Iraq!
you'll be great! It always takes time to get the hang of it.
that would be amaze balls
Never here wen needed
oh cool wat u buy?
QotD: "Hamburgers. The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast." - Jules Winnfield (Samuel Jackson)
Heading to sparring at
I have come to the conclusion I must attend UMF next year xD
Blessings to the women of our world who Mother us. Past present perfect imperfect, birth Mothers, those who accepted the role, Happy Day!
The #MegaMillions 540 Million-Dollar jackpot is a world record! I heard a report that tickets are selling so fast, SOMEONE will hit tonight!
W/B I-70 west of I-25 closing due to number of accidents. .
Can't drive to Fond du Lac with anyone in the car because "I'm a bad driver".
3D is overrated. The Rock still cannot act.
Happy Memorial Day from Planting Fields! :)
Full day of final editing and interviews for sound design/mixer all with success. Welcome Julian, talented sound design/mixer now onboard!
Hanging out in Colombo, Sri Lanka
Sorry. Would love to but we're at a soccer tournament in Verona.
Wishin' I was at Awards right now. One day, one day.
My client is writing his own answers down at deposition. This is weird
i got your check! you prob sent it forever ago.. but seriously im too short for my mailbox....hahah
Hi there...sorry we didn't get to talk more last night - next time :) If you are ever in NY, pop into
Mm.. Thought your comment was correlated to my profile update.. You're not allowed sleep, Masnick—We count on you missing NOTHING!
Hottest dance party of the weekend. -Phoenix New Times
Logan you look so out of it! Hahaha
got a fun research request- looking for images and stories of The #Beatles with Send me note if you have one ^TR
what about leaving from a different airport here? Or flying into a different one where your going? Last resort may be upgrade
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster have just been added to Minerva! Stoked to see them with underOATH again?
“: ": Miss you, Love you, Believe in you!!!!"<---love this girl!” LOVE you right back chickie!!!!!
There will be lots of pugs there for you to love on, including my Bella and Romeo :-)
A see you lata or bye wud have been nice...
thank you
You mean KNOW it alls. :)
Chillen with my sister an her beautiful kids
I'm afraid to do it too often, lest I get careless. The baggie method was mentioned, but I don't know if that would work w/ touch.
I don't lie pfffffft !
RT:I need some new jeans. A couple pair >spandex.....al spandex
its 2012, shldnt marijuana tests be irrelevant? if it was coke or prescriptions meds, then OK...
Everytime me & my small circle of friends get together we always end up crackin up every 2secs over so goofy ass shit lol.
happy mothers day to me lmao <U+E409>
Good Morning Twitter Peep(s). By the time you read this sentence, I hope you have already figured out I meant YOU(:
I can watch takers 500 times & Chris brown Gets sexier the more I watch it <3
Thanks for the shout-out! We're currently in the middle of a big Romare Bearden mural reinstallation project in Pittsburgh.
My first book just came out! It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
We don't want people to stop buying chocolate [phew!] - but to be AWARE, and to take social media ACTION.
Dolphins are the BEST surfers.
excited to hear interesting stories and ideas today
#SEM10 10:45 Paul Schauert's panel on "Propaganda, Power and instrumentality in W African Dance Ensembles." Discussant: Kelly Askew!
I'm shaking for no reason
TAs serve no purpose at UK. Thanks for making me wake up for a class that was supposed to be cancelledafter we win a National championship
#AskBoca Hey Carlos, who do you think has the greatest beard in history?
conflicted today. How do you deal with feeling you have for a guy, that might not be the right guy for you?
: Sir, it's time for Congress to act on online #poker licensing. States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon
Fun indeed. Thanks.
still feeling great, just wanna fight already!!!
Thx for the follow! It was great playing with yall at dba on Mardi Gras day!
you know. The unit. The fork unit. Your done. The kid is walking. I'm putting a fork in you, your done.
if you were my neighbor I'd hit you up for an onion, and invite you over for dinner
New celeb mom-to-be...new mktg deals-to-be abound RT : #Beyonce rubs her belly after her performance. Major congrats.
I love your tweets!(:
#nw Robot Chicken
Oh Bristol! Go screw a moose.
did you get the sunburn thing done.
I actually head of that. Is it a principal role?
Finally finished with school til August...awesome grades, next step is graduation next week! HELLO summer, how I've missed you <3
#GirlsLoveWhen Guys Let Them Rest Their Head On Their Chest While Laying Down .
I don't care all that much as long as they aren't lashing out at me.
#bestadvice Just because you're done now, doesn't mean it's over. You're not finished. Your hard work will change the world!
oh, Straight thuggin !
At #HoosierPRSA luncheon listening to prezzo on crazy media attn for men's bball team. Makes me proud to be a bulldog!
If you have a clear mind and an open heart, you won't have to search for direction. Direction will come to you. - Phil Jackson
No Disneyland for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I don't even think I'm going to the homecoming! :( my parents are broke! Real talk.
it's been a great day! (:
What restaurant delivers tomato soup?
Just watched my first 2 episodes of #UnchainedReaction and I must say it is fantastic.
Thank you for the new follow!
wow! Need for some immediate lessons for her on what not to do..thank goodness nothing happened.
RT : "like the UK Bribery Act ... it prohibits commercial bribery" Squire Sanders' "Overiew of Russia's Anticorruption...
ok just leaving bjs and on my way home
“: A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, & realize how blessed you are.”
for what I don't know, I guess to be around for my kids and look good when I die lol
Can't wait for practice tonight! Got a new student starting!! Wonder how long it'll take them to try and get their claws in this one?? LMFAO
I managed to get through about 1/3 of the new play without using the "z" word. Have to feel good about that.
tnx for the follow :-)
I am living it but would really like a 10 min call from you on national advice regarding improving academics in america.
I really shouldn't get used to walking outside in shorts and a tshirt in the middle of winter...
A similar thing happened in Portland, except it actually WAS the projection.
TMI, UNCLE JESSE! Cut-it-out! “: In mid air right now- is it still considered mile high club if I do it alone?”
NO! At least I know for sure 30 Rock has been renewed for one more, final season. That link didn't work...
North needs south. East needs west. And no needs yes
Better said...Will the #electric #utilities take full advantage of the #cloud with a full #security solution?
So proud of you!! Keep going and finish strong!! You can do it!!! #RunDavidRun!!
I would also love a call from him someday haha.
I think it's called 3/17. ;)
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” —Kurt Vonnegut // Mother Night
Marvelling at the production of the show River Monsters on Animal Planet
yesterday, the victim was a 42 HM. The attack, at 26 St & Mission. Same area, where, on May 3, a woman was slashed in the face for gangsters
Iwant the new mac air computer
Whatever, we're just watching Big Business instead.
RT : The Productive Scholar, today at 12 noon: John LeMasney on Inkscape. Princeton's Frist MPR. Please join us!
well you do that dumb rave thing at tremont is the same night right
Thanks for all the love and support
Was expecting a picture of you at a show. What I got was so much more.
but if you're gonna say that then the TEXANS should have beaten us in the wild card game...
Hoping This Conversation Goes Well. It Is Very Much Needed. =)
Just saw my baby on american idol from tonight <3 I miss him :( but he was soo good & his new song is really good <U+2665>
rain checks happily accepted in these times of drought.
can't complain, what say you?
Everyone follow. Cutie
You know how it is. The country is split evenly between the 2 parties & folks in the middle go back & forth.
the sleeper pick merch is in! anyone going to buy some when the web store is open? :)
Westchester county's finest!?? The one and only?!
TBD has a helicopter? There's your new revenue stream: helicopter rides. Sign me up.
what player was tweeting during the game? If you're referring to Harrison he isn't with the team due to suspension.
If u hav feelings for someone let them noe. Don't be stupid tho! we all noe when sumones not interested
really take a look ...serious!!!
Y'all should go "like" our friends in Cadence, they just got signed by our other good friends at Crown & Anchor Records. "like" em also!
Thanks, Barbi! Wonderful meeting you yesterday. Stay in touch. :)
when you coming out here nigga?
I hear you. Too many as well. Spectrum, Security 12, and Summit. Grueling. Still running?
Im hungry!
yeah, that was ok. the maura johnston one was good, too, but I read plenty of her stuff elsewhere already.
My Ice Is So Cold , That Shit Come On A Cone !
Bases loaded for Aubrey Huff
We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it.
Just laying in bed, looking at my room & thinking about everything.
That's what Skype/Tango is for <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> #Aussie “: aw it's not so bad... I'm sure when u go home it was come back :)”
Wat u been up to
You need to cum to Texas and see me, soon!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Thanks Mary! My inspiration comes from everywhere - even the amazing House of Drysdale. =)
Well I called you didn't answer , I'm not even gunna try anymore . Over it
I'm starting to hate this place...
I just finished a 5.05 km run with a time of 31:15 with Nike+ GPS.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained
Headshots done resumes almost done packing not done. Hm...for getting so much done I still have lots to do.
RT..Anyone with softball/ baseball experience interested in adult kickball referee position this summer? $15/ game, fun atmosphere. DM me.
Fantasy Factory:D
RT ...I was forgetting the house music!! I love it!! :D... There isn't party without Electro House & Dirty music :D
Today in Literary History: Tennessee Williams' "The Glass Menagerie" premiered at the Civic Theatre in Chicago in 1944.
you mean just follow
You know how I got to do it
Just been workin, What's Good Big Homey?
You're suppose to make others feel invincible NOT invisible.
New web design and user portal on the way for
Bahhhhhhh .___. all the girls i live by are such hoes...like legit..close your legs. omfg. thats why i only talk to 2 girls and mostly boys
YES. I actually had that same exact thought.
#1 in a series of tweets to help future historians understand what tweeting is: I stepped in gum :(
lol ok dang
Detroit Lakes and New Ulm are tied at 4 after regulation in the first round of the consolation bracket.
Conscripted "by" seems more accurate than "into." Maybe even "impressed" or "abducted" by rather than "conscripted."
I think we all need to ask ourselves that question every now and then
Whats Your Favorite Drink?
#Bills look like high schoolers today... :-/
New Music Posted Soon.... Quickie Remix Feat. MIXED by
Just Got a FREE bottle of #crownroyal here So yeah, its gonna be one of those nights!
*chuckles* you know it. :)
And the spectrum scholars luncheon is at 12:30 TODAY in the special functions room!
Happy Leap Day! The first Leap Year was proclaimed by Julius Caesar today in 46 B.C.
Can you give me a shout out please?
Why are there no Elephant Talk era King Crimson mp3s?
sitting in boring English wanting to go be Reckless! Even wearing my Stay reckless tee!
Just go.
Omg I wanna learn to salsa dance <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
mine too! Ordered and shipped to Charri!
<------Direct ALL #Heat slander here. Fan or not. I'm alright w/ adults discussing basketball. I welcome it actually.
aw boo! Yes I got Nick really good. Almost made him cry lol
Looking forward to it!
Honestly there is only #oomf that Im interestin in.... If yu think yu kno,, then yu probably wrong
Dave Shultz was the best enforcer of the 70s
I think yesterday was the best day ever :) im so glad i met you... or re-met you :)
I wanna go to a pool!!
What is with you why are you starting crap up with ? You are better than that.
I'm a teenager, I'm not going to follow the rules, i'm going to live life my way.
I like that Ichiro at least took a hack at that first pitch, instead of letting these first pitch fastballs go right by him.
That was much to do about nothing.
Thanks for the follow and the listing. I look forward to tweeting with you!
I thought the Nestle Yorkie would be special. It's just a giant, sexist, solid block of milk chocolate.
I want 2 thank all of u 4 #FFs! I'll thank u better later.A gardener helpd me whos great but broke thru sum waterlines so things bit hectic!
I hope you get it!
no love for the frog suit??
26 points at the halftime? I thought this was the end of the 1st quarter.
I use 2 think 3yr olds could understand babies, Until I was babysittin & asked a 3yr old wat his sister said- he didn't know lol
Did I mention I got a hug from Jack Loeffler? I did. And it is still making me happy.
My work email address is being spammed by an "adult classifieds" list & now ppl keep replying-all to be removed. Stop making it worse!
At roca bar houston
thanks man! hope to see you at another show soon!
Problem solved. RT Yesterday, 6,952 tons of goods & gas (including 440 tons of fruits) entered #Gaza from
HEY SWEETHEART<U+E32A><U+E32B>
RT : Be careful: 1,984 people who were passengers in #cars were killed in alcohol-impaired #driving crashes in 2010
Happy Birthday!! (:
RT : Met a wonderful Amish woman today. Visited a farm. Made beautiful quilts. Gardens bursting. Gave me fresh mint. It's...
steady doing tht huh ?
remember when we dated for that brief time
When someone makes the most annoying person ever sound fucking amazing lol omg Gtfo
Happy Friday, thanks for the #FF!
Why do people go into restaurants 5 minutes before they close. I hate closing now.
Randgold Resources - Robust reserve profile; increased overall grade
Canada's banned the penny, but they can still charge ¢99 for stuff, right?
Second best thing to the #colts winning the #superbowl is the #giants beating the evil #patriots AWESOME!!!
Did you send me a DM with a link attached? I didn't want to open until I verify it is actually from you.
get the droid..will show you the app if ya stop into Pipers :-p
damn....im not even watching cuz my boys dun made it thru the first round of games 4-0!!!!
Tonight come check out John Chimes if you like the blues 6pm, or make your request to Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm
#FirstEdition doing the #Gas happy dance this morning - prices under 4-bucks a gallon in #PDX FINALLY
F no! #redcard RT is it g 4 dude 2 tell another dude "man u put a smile on my face U made my day?
I'm watchin and Philly's got not just the lead I saw, but in double-digits.
no problem, the for follow you too
so does anyone have a bike they would let me borrow/have/buy for cheap? i need one.
You made me blush and made my day! thanks for reading and tweeting! <3
Just saw a job posting. Gotta ask, where did some folks get the 'you should work for free' mentality?
Jeb Bush prob thinking less about endorsing Mitt than the fact he might be the greatest victim of "anti-nepotism" in history
The #Nuggets game?
My tweets are not that fun. - Disclaimer.
I love when "?" text me <U+263A>
Happy Holidays everyone!
Words can't describe how much I love Lauryn Horstdaniel.
Shake shake shake....shake shake shake....shaky your booty....shake your booty. This was the #1 song this day in 1976.
Great question! Would love to hear too. I have found good third party websites but no plugins
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument. - Zsa Zsa Gabor
good cause my sauces are legendary....
“Have the courage to live. Anyone can die.” -Robert Cody
“: just informed me that "pretending you're not going to have feelings doesn't make it so"....bummer.” it is truth!
so you don't see a difference between control and regulation?
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack At Heart Rate Monitors California
how is the twitter crash course coming?
Missed you guys
ur so pretty and i love the wayy yhu dance :)
Interesting! RT : to judge some party. You say "macarons" and will be there.
thanks anabel for following!
oh lol just thought maybe you had something else to do or something. I was looking for you.
I Don't Care What Walmart You Go To... They All Hood... Smh
Married love of life on 17th. Been busy but so happy!
trailer park boys?
Completely surprised my mother today with balloons, food, and love! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+270C>
yeah it's a great concept. They're definitely onto something...
Will do! Glad you enjoy the milk.
Awesome...i'll be sure to stop by and see you guys
Tessa yelled for me while she was in the shower, I ran into the bathroom and she looks at me being dead serious&goes "do I look fat?" lol
But we *do* decide that very thing every day: in wars, in funding for disaster aid, in abortions. We already have the right.
Jealous! Gotta hear how it was.
* Mr.bigham listens too hard.
follow me i am as i am following you friends
well-played.
With my fucking ride or die bitch GIOVANNA RODRIGUEZ!!!! BOSS!!!!
Daedelus set giving me ear problems.
From a big fan! I sure hope you get a lot of playing time this year! Drive to to the hoop more, pull the defense to you!
I want to see the hunger games
Likewise! Let's hang back home some time lol. Are u sticking around now? “: awesome to hang with u in LA!”
now officially in my late twenties. does this mean i get to take more naps?
i have no idea and probably not just make sure you ask her today how many hours you need ans then see if you need to go
"One day, a man walks into a bear…"
I want to follow a random family around Disney world for a day, and just be in the background of all of their photos.
Bitches Brew has been my go-to writing/reading record for years
As opposed to anyone else on the bench?
Nigga you Aint Got To Text Me !!!!!
I can hear fine! ...
Follow me please
Finally hollywood puts out a great movie. Go see black swan
Most of America. I never see anything below an XL touch clearance racks in NYC. It's expensive being skinny here.
Scott - can't wait to see you at the Gallery in the next day or two!
HOW YOU DOIN
The #ROsCars are this weekend. Best party in #ROC is ! do u have your tix?!
We'll be watching for Ray Rhodes RT : thanks. Was going to go with Lindy Infante. In due time
RT : Yay! RT : Campaigns are out...content platforms are in
came into our store once, bought a collection of lullabies. When a coworker realized who it was he bolted out the door after him
TV Review: &#39;30 Rock&#39;: A visit to the set
when i think of house i think pitbull and afrojack. lmao electro has been doo doo too. :,(
Reserve your spot and take advantage of the early bird special just send in your registration fee of $40.00 by this evening! Don't Miss out!
Great presentation last night! Got really good takeaways. which I will be implementing immediately.
TGIF already? Let's see superb meetings, Ins Agents digging the PhotoSheets & Emergency Response time, yep a good week for Call Paul indeed!
True sneaker junky
#4 on the Charts - feeling the love Colorado...
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. - Joseph Addison
Who do the #Redsox bring out to close the game? I say Aceves.
I woke up scared as ah bitch
Congrats to Louisville for a great season. I respect that whole team except Behanan, he's a jackass.
Anita- THANK YOU!!! RT Great Pic!! RT : Four reasons why I LOVE being a Mom
Official timeout; I should say so, if you could see the carnage and mess that I'm seeing... dear God, I love derby!! :)
Had so much fun at Charlie's and neves party!! Davila
follow me please?????(': <333333 :D
#RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe - People who start every sentence with "So..."
try computer doctor on Temple...we love them!!
True I just estimated on the pages but I say around 230 more pages but I still dont know how my novel will end
that does sound better. lol i remember yesterday you were like lets go watch t.v, yet we never did. HAHA
Curry's Auto Service Summer Sweepstakes
Pure pressure is a bitch, so here I am actually "tweeting" for the first time. I'm such a sellout, I love it, lol.
I know and no one said anything to me till it was to late :(
Dont forget to like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/EzAsSquEZ
Went to Sea World SD last night. They provided us with a list of all their foods and allergens in the park. Very helpful.
I remember watching Mike Cameron launching four home runs against the White Sox, unfortunately.
Hoping everyone had a safe and fun holiday!
is trying to sue Dokken for putting out an album that came out ten years before their shitty label was founded! Fuck Jesus!
Everybody finish this phrase. "You know you in the hood when"......
This. More than 3 losses and Tebow is in. RT : Mark Sanchez gonna get pulled for Tebow by week 6
Thank you 9th Circuit.
A letter from Houston Baker to Reed in which he offers an "anti-Judeo-Christian autobiography" to Reed's publishing house.
sounds like fun--super sleepy though. Any ideas?
Susanna is in charge of them from here on out. She has my memory card. But I am sure they will be up soon.
Awesome games last night and Keep up the winning streak!!
#RVA How have you or a family member contributed to Black History? Second Baptist Church, West End wants to hear from you.
Insanity! 2nd time had my bank account hacked. Clearly it's a European virus/hack. Last time was also upon return from Italy. Safety people.
you are Katy Wright. The semester doesn't stand a chance.
so cal so what?
=) Love those Cats
I think we can win in Boston
": earrings with an s lol" =)
hello follow me please ;) bye
for sure. So downtown this weekend? I'll give you a call sometime to let you know what I'm doing. You will be jealous.
Sometimes......I wanna set the world on fire....
Care to help with the rocket building portion? I am horrible at science.
yeah, we just got home from eating at Frickers!
Lebron mvp should have taken it but he copd outRT : guess that means wade was mentally weak for missing that layup? right? anyo
Lolol.he said "do u got a number" lmfao.wth? Thats a weird way to ask. But FIKHIOVNZVG
I've been listening to 1969 for days straight!
The talk I had with my stepdad >
I'm not smiling no matter what you say to try an make me :p
Great opening monologue Ms.
nf cast member
well that's also part of spring clean up. Kudos. ;)
You can just look at Pau Gasol and tell that he smells bad.
yes part of broadway across america
#6: choose the best solution based on your current and future requirements. Numerous #CRM solutions for functionality. cc'
Hey, , are we talking about the same Clive here?
Fielder flies out to left to end the 1st. 0-0 heading to the 2nd.
Change, when it comes, cracks everything open.
bruce almighty in chinese.
I get to go kitty shopping today!
There's always some truth behind: Just kidding, Knowledge behind: I don't know, Emotion behind: I don't care & Pain behind: It's okay.
Why is Jacoby Jones trending...? I didn't know he was so popular...
Math test in a few, not happy :( xx
#AYMD: first panel was "The Collision of Privacy and Openness"; second (now) is "Creating and Sustaining Trust."
Nasty breakin ball
Loving this new apartment . :)
CA Initiative Process began 100 yrs ago today. Prof Glenn Smith proposes notice&comment process 4 initiatives. How would u improve process?
He's a BIG fave at our house!
RT : You got to know when to hold 'em. know when to fold 'em. True for business opportunities too.
I'm following you now :)
Hot Dog dominated the sausage race today.
The more time I have to process, the more content I am with this. It wasn't sped up; so next season can be absolutely wonderful.
March madness begins... Let's get it #Hoosiers!
Great to be an #Orioles fan today
porcaro's deep pockets!
just submitted my harassment story...
my pleasure! I may keep the #Stayhomereadball party over the weekend :)
Meg&#39;s Musings: The Importance of Punctuation....
Today is my Birthday please Follow me and my two friends and and i will give u a followback :)
How does this contraption work?!
Yo! What's up??
Open the door !
Another SOBCon Chevy ready to leave in 10 minutes from the Hotel 71.
I miss you shorty!! Never hit me up??<---#Change that=)
Yea i hear you talking shit but i let it slip cuz im not getting down to your level
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
I hate country. Judge me.
I'm trying to use a credit online - doesn't work and I'll get when I call is rather lovely spa music... pick up the phone
Monday's Events: Log Sawing Contest, Harness Racing, Jr. Dairy Showmanship Contest and The Robinson Family - a musical experience.
WUZ UP BITCH
Why are British and Australian Guys so hot???
Overwhelmed with how much packing I still have to do
RT : A lot of opportunities to win prizes at #gpacacmoacac12. Come by booth to get you torch sticker and country star.
1st day went well. Can't wait to learn more tomorrow.
": Triple H, Justin B., and 50Cent really??? COTTO WHOOP THIS NIGGAS ASS!!!!!!!"
so good. Believe me.
Happy Founders Day to the First Black Sorority - Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 104 years and still going strong!
The sun is out in KC and the day ahead will give us challenges. Be thankful you are alive. Hug your loved ones.......
"fingers gotta stay off the trigger till you're ready to shoot"---
Bought almond flour today to make macarons :)
I'm more of a Buddha girl if I'm honest
lol okay ill see u on there
that was supernice
BGC: camilla did her damn thing rest of them bitches is wack. Red head erika need her ass whooped!
I did! It's so gorgeous out today!
#ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to privacy and agency.
I tweet what the FUCK I want...#NoFilter homie!
#Denver Keep smiling - it makes people wonder what you've been up to. ~Author Unknown
did you remember to bring a banana?
LOL!! Even practically one-handed, Radar always seemed to get more done than anyone else!
I'd expect nothing less from JR. Nobody is better at the meaningless 3
...need to restock my fruits and veggies to make smoothies
In all, I don't see why NZSUSD, AUDJPY, USDJPY will eventually tag their respective 61 fibs of major leg up.
u sleep
Oh, it was One Direction on SNL. They looked so young!
Heading back to #Syracuse after a wonderful week in #California with
Check out the VIP lounge you all will get to chill in at my Single Release Party on May 25, 2012!!! Sit back & watch the performance.
Thanks for the RT!
I found a Mourdock supporter. He says that he feels like has become less conservative & wants someone new
Call us if you need a ride! (630) 363-9027
well ya know that's how we do it in the #ATL lol - btw Austell lately? Happy 2012 if I don't hear fr U til' then~enjoying Ur twts!
i was telling Oscar about my ex and stuff and he was like "you need to move on and be with me" i was like :o
HAHA! Ass, that almost made me spit out my bloody marry when I opened that pic!
Adore your mexican skulls! x
decisions decisions
": LOL OMG. ALL DAY ERR DAY XD IN THE CAR.. LOL dying."
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #1: What are we going to do about collecting sound recordings?
Congratulations to the people of Egypt!
still no leads on the blender; we're camping this weekend so its ok...any luck on your end? By monday we will NEED one!
We have a full time temp office clerical opening at M&M Office Interiors from 4/6-6/20(ish) for $10/hr. Let me know if you know of anyone.
and I'm media trained... I like to talk about myself... A LOT!
Phyllis Diller~ Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Croatia :D
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "20% OFF + Free Shipping Carlos by Carlos Santana - Ends April 27"
She's sweet. I'm wild. We're dangerous.
Yes. You have a lot of energy. That's good for radio.
Are Lakers better without m w p?
tell me how you did when you done
Uh, hello. I'm doing some research. What do you think of when you think of California? Thanks.
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Looking for the PERFECT gift? Treat someone you LOVE and YOURSELF! For every $150.00 spent in Holiday Giftsets receive a $20.00 Giftcard!
I know!? Harmiane and Ron got together. I was legit up on my feet clapping! I KNEW IT. I KNEW THEY WOULD GET TOGETHER!
So smart RT : PTs have been great, we are just careful not to step on toes when they refer over, we refer back
Come on home Chicago Bulls,we still love u. You made it this far and you're still winners.Real fans never give up.
thanks. And now, I finally graduate. :)
Hoochie, goes ho's like that always be on the track
Welcome back for another great Lagond school year!
Busy weekend with interviews, article writing, and working with our webpage designers Can't WAIT to debut the webpage to you all!!!! :-)
What's cooler then being cool.....
Password change :)
. #EndingOurPrivacy with #CISPA? OK: I had cereal for breakfast this morning.
Mark Cuban is responsible for the Dallas Mavericks collapse in the playoffs. He's in charge & he's going to do what he wants, regardless.
Why cant you just be happy for me..
At home with my baby girl and why you acting up
eh. Could be better. But okay. How are you?
I don't let people walk on me so I'm not going to keep people around who talk crap about me
More from the "Overheard at the Quick Stop" series: "There IS a difference between me and you... I DON'T suck!"
You can be a victor without having a victim.
You can't change people. Not everybody wants change. Focus on the change within yourself. No regrets. No looking back.
I still don't understand what Star Wars and/or dogs have to do with Volkswagens.
evening everyone.
lol well im gone put n n get another room
okay Goodnight! Sweet Dreams! X
lol i bet you bumbled saying it :P
Tomorrow night party people! Stella's Starlight featuring Caress Sahura! We. Are. Ready.
Q;How Come we never hooked up? A; Cause Youu Think You Can Play Out Every Girl That Hook Up With You And Im Not Down With That Bro!!
If arab ass says "We The Best" one more time I'm gonna scream lol
also let me know when you might be in New York and I can arrange a meeting. Call me so we can discuss,or lets meet up.
Lunchtime quickie, anyone?? Our lunch specials are fast and super affordable! Available 11am-4pm daily
- alright I got my old twitter back ! Lol
Question from the floor to : pd2.0 is defined by what? Internet usage? More Actors?
I know it. In my hometown.
did you see the Spanish booths in already? Resol: 1020, Kettal: E733, Porcelanosa and Interiors From Spain: 1024. See u there!
single, i guess. I think....
Purple Friday here in Baltimore! Have a great weekend. Leave the car take a taxi. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
. always has the best bumper music, but why no ?
difficult to grade papers made of outlandish claims, for i love them
Happy birthday !!!!!! Enjoy this rainy Monday!
Woo hoo! My real-job business cards came in time for #rootstech!
RT ": I'm not popular bt I have good friends, I'm not rich bt I have what I need, I may not be liked bt I know I'm loved <U+2764>"
As #Virgos come and go i This #Virgo stay on this planet till' the very END
Seriously hate this basketball game. It cheats. Other teams rock and my team sucks! We always lose!
I've never been a D. Howard fan. Why doesn't he take anything serious?
Yeah, everything happens for a reason. But you just fucked up.
sometimes i seriously think that you were dropped on the head as a baby & it worries me. like idgaf if i get hate for this but fuck you.
-bitch is really geting off...
Will treatment be limited to stabilization if aesthetics can be handled digitally?
It's Shanshan new social media intern at StudyBreaks. How's your day?
The tables are turning! FINALLY!
Back atcha! :) RT : #BayArea LOVE to Museum of the African Diaspora's young professionals organization.
Lmao oops yeah I did.
I always have my goldfish~
Is it only or is everyone elses mentions unorganized?
"Yes, dragons happened"
I love orange juice with the pulp :) Idk why ppl don't like it -.-
does that number have some kind of significance? ;)
I'm just so happy!
May 5- Amina Figarova sextet in "Night town" Cleveland OH
We are heading back to high school today. Fittingly, met in high school and we are joining the BMYA's class today!
Heat 4th qtr performance is a management issue.
I love you <3
Just starting to feel better. Looking forward to getting back to painting.
I've seen Meloetta, though I assume they'll(Nintendo) hold off on releasing her until her movie comes out.
cool, thanks. I'll help out.
Please write a comment below, so we could help you more
Come to hillcrest to see 8pm.
#iWillNeverTrust men ever again thanks to my ex...
This also means that there will be a regular Geek Crash Course page in the magazine! More coming down the pipeline too!
Freaking notebook is on...I'm gonna go be a little bitch and cry now.
Will do my friend! They're blasting Irish music during the break. Seems like the place to hang. We're keeping it real 4 you.
Glad to hear it! :D
I think that is called
So it would be like 'a year of buying American' blogs or 'a year of buying from Black-owned businesses", I'm tentatively
April showers bring May flowers. Who is ready for Lilac Fest!? Most rainfall in April in #ROC since 1929, so I'm expecting beautiful flowers
okay so I'm not going to bed until you follow me(:
He knocked you up, denied hat shxt, and you still took him back ... You better than me
no the one where I wish graduating students well.
Super tired. Super bowl tommorow RT if your watching it. Night <3:-p
OK... this new Jack White album is some serious shit! love it!
Giving a stream of "What people are saying on Twitter" can help reduce decision making anxiety.
I don't think straight people even think of DPs or CUs benefitting them, unless maybe they're old.
hello darlin! i bought the last brown leather bracelet @ room service today. i would love two more. have any available? thx!
Ugh! All this damn drowsiness. Maybe if I eat more it'll ease up....
as much as I wish, he isn't my man... </3
it has been fun hasn't it? Have a great night!! (:
I'm gonna start tweeting more often. Dammit!! My battery is dying. FUCK!
houseboat rentals in kentucky Houseboat Rentals - Boatel
Thanks for sticking around :)
not tryin to go to school tama -.-
My twitter app keeps force closing on me :/ so to those who followed me or r going 2, I promise I will follow back, but mayb not right away
I don't understand you...
wait till they drop?
I hear there's a twitcam tomorrow. It better not be while I'm at school. Just watch it will be.
Moving On To The Next Topic Trend #Mahomie4Life And Forget About All This Drama.
Redsnow #Jailbreak seems pretty smooth!
Welcome to twitter:)
We have 15 students and 11 staff members and the field trip bus they sent us holds 19. This is education, folks.
i'm a little biased but knocking everyone's socks off and the debut lp from levek!
There's still time to get Mom that special something Fri, Sat & Sun enjoy 15% off handcrafted items in-store and online!...
thanks roz, you should be in IT...
i know i used to do that if the female wasn't in a relationship for at least 6 months or married i wasn't interested
have fun love
We move forward with somebody that isn't a dumb asshole.
Ugh, I don't even know how I'm going to run the mile for gym tomorrow.
i want these egg rolls in my mouth hole!!!!!!!
": If you're not getting someone's attention, don't give them yours. You're only empowering someone to hurt you."
Watching all these Nicholas Sparks movies makes me wish there were actually guys like that out there... :(
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 55
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at AMC Northpark, Seeking Justice at Cinemark 17, Jeff Who Lives at Home at the Magnolia.
I wanna go to a camp in July!! HAahahahaha so happy
That's a good thing.
Love the CAPS? We have 2 GREAT tickets for tonight's game for the FB fan who first posts a picture of our logo somewhere interesting....
Thanks for the link Debbi. Hard to believe only 11 months have passed since we wrote about residents in the area rising up.
GM! we are holding a benefit for on April 28th. Any chance you could donate something signed???
hi baby. i love you
: Facebook surpasses Yahoo, now #2 (to Google) in daily traffic
Hey! It's there every now and again. Honest.
someone in cracker barrel said that she loved my band and that shes seen us three times haha
I got faith in my team
": Single, taken, in a relationship; are all just terms. Your status is measured by your actions." Luv this guy RT this NOW!
Hey guys ill give you a shout out if you follow and RT this tweet I am checking if you followed so get to following ;)
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyper-realist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
All I want is a beautiful day spent outside with my <3'd ones.
30+ hardball season again! We won today; I went 1-3 w/ 2 RBIs & pitched a respectable inning. The HGH really helped this offseason (shhh...)
At Foundations in Las Vegas right now then AMOA Amusement Expo starting tomorrow. Busy times but always good to network and meet new people
summer 2012 is so close <3
Maybe records management has jaded me, but, after reading some recent articles by archivists, I feel more outside the box thinking is needed
haha yeah, and omg i saw peachs a couple of weeks ago!
sorry, I only fish with whoever offers the most money
Tomorrow on the TJMS: Tyler Perry's chatting with the crew and discussing "Madea Gets A Job" Tune in!!
We are in Phoenix AZ. We are named after Seth Godin's book Purple Cow and we also own Golf Realty Network
Lady at PacSun just asked me if I came into the store 2 summers ago w/o shoes. Told her she had a great memory
I'll always love him... No matter what.
Thanks for the advice. I will try the un and pw as soon as I can even get the page to load!
yeah been mad busy.. Ive been up there all week tho.. Yo ass needs to call me lol
I touched the screen for you !You are the best around they will hire you!
I'll be there!!
home alone & dont have shit to do <<<
#backinthedaywheniwasakid i used to brake little boys arms when they called me golly green giant..lol
By The Way, True Freedom is Financial Freedom!
Im waiting for the pizza man to deliver my PIZZA !! im starvin like Marvin
Haha... nearly lost it there. You're right, the last line didn't help.
Tonight! LIVE Haters for Hire. Molly Sharrow, Michael Buzzelli, and Kurt Branagan tonight at the Steel City Improv Theater. 9:30 Show.
Good morning :) TGIF lol i wish i could be with you today and.. forever
almost like they say hahah i going to fuck wit mommy mind so she cant get play lol
yeah i picked that lol
What do all you archivists think of this? "If you can't protect it, don't collect it." via Wish I could've gone to
My show airs every Sunday about this time.
if I were you I'd give it up and take up something else haha there's nothing to look forward to
William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
#goodnighttweet Sweet dreams!
During the new Jersey Shore tonight has an announcement about the VMAs! Hope she's performing!:))<3
still burping smoke lmao
Filling in for someone tonight for the CSSC means I'm missing my Hoosiers kick ass. What a bummer
Kobe with 40
okay ya'll sorry about that. I am done with my rant. lol but anywayyyyyyss, I WANT SOME STARBUCKS!
I spend $350 a week on average. Is that low or high?
We appreciate you! #AIDSWALK12 RT : Early morning start! Walking with in the walk today!
because your protected tweets piss me off! Lol
I really, really enjoy using Grooveshark. I prefer it over Pandora at work, actually. Lets me make my own playlists so I don't go nuts.
Your love has me locked up behind bars.
I LOVE YOU! :D
Fountain's Dictum: There is an inverse relationship between the use of "LOL" and the hilarity of the previous utterance.
It seems to me that the secret of life consists in simply accepting it as it is.... Juan De La Cruz
Thanks. No, you weren't the house spinster as you didn't have enough cats. Spinster have cats. Lots of cats.
what i love you ? i need u :/
I found this quote that you should follow . have a good day and Run your Day. "Either you run the day or the day runs you. "
Champagne and beer tonight. Pain tomorrow. I'm going to be SO ready for my juice fast on Sunday!
I wonder how many of my Wisconsin dwelling friends/family are at Miller Park right now? (a lot, I'm sure!) Go Brew Crew, Happy Home Opener!
Everybody getting they're panties in a bunch instead of thinking logically about the whole situation.....
Now Following <U+2192><U+2192>Go FOLLOW<U+2192>:)
i kno that must look good
I live in poland and you? ; D
check out my music on facebook! goo.gl/ejx0Q RT
Walking around all day. <3
T-pain on the court can't hit free throws an now goal tends... I play better pick up ball
"Must be 3-7 sentences." "Yeah, I'm only writing 3..."
Charlie Sheen is planning a humanitarian trip to Haiti because He says he wants to show them what a real disaster looks like
We got featured in the Ext JS newsletter for the Ski Crystal Mobile. Thanks!
I'll be
You need an excuse?
#Santos up 5-0 will make us 5-1 in Soccer today S42 dimes get on the list I
well, what about your mom's chicken?
to watch Alladin
I think I already have one!
how can i get signed to your label
I second the triple-sieve suggestion because I can't think of anything good on my own.
Ah, how wonderful! Loved Coles's dad: “Bobby, if you’ve got Middlemarch, you don’t need anything else.”
there should be more to come in the following days. the team is retiring for the evening. will keep you posted. great show in SEA.
That Suks! Ugh the only thing about me is that my wish is to meet which i know will never ever happend!:(
The fact that they keep showing that notification months after we've agreed doesn't help my confidence in
Learn how to swim so you can get deep, the shallow end is overcrowded.
I'd say its a dead tie b/wn the two for me.
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love. You are one of the most beautiful girls I've seen!! Gorgeous!!
#thankful for today... Even with the snow!
Caught my first Medeski, Martin & Wood show last night at the HOB in SD. Highly recommended.
I took a B12 Vitamin pill, and I feel like I'm having a heart attack and want to skateboard at the office right now
Have something you want to let Moms know about? Send us your press releases and pitches to !
Rocking out at Luxotica showroom thanks to my friend Junior.
Glenfiddach I love, Lapfroaig, sorry--too much peet for me.
form post?
Great workout. A little tanning action. Now headed home for some dinner.
It' s what you learn after you know it all that counts.
oh if you want to share one with me i'll write you a haiku a day for a week :-)
These Salisbury U librarians are Prezi geniuses! Great presentation on getting students into info literacy.
Ima kick your balls to your throat.
Did teach you nothing? Don't chase your dreams... Catch Your Dreams
At Dullesn to Aspen for Ideas Festival TOTN from there Tues, Weds, fron Denver Thurs
haha im going to come in and be like hi ms simmons, i have a delivery for abby horan i mean what ?! haha
Taylor didn't even tell us she changed her hair!!! :'(
Emerging markets as "colleagues" rather than "customers", changes the mindset from "help them" to "work with them"
"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff"
1. I am quite excited about the debut on 2. I am rather worried about 's news today about her health.
It was so great meeting you today! Thank you for all your kind words. I might have picked up SO SHELLY on the way home...
Smokers likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm www.closys.com
Breaking up is hard but we all have to do it
#bb13, watching flashbacks from last night, Shelly talking about Anthony Weiner, and how he disgraced himself
Cool!! looking forward to it brotha.
Man dis week went bye so fast man <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
Watching new years fireworks from the beach in Wailea, Maui was an amazing start to the year. Back to Seattle in the morning!
DoE: Anything else not captured in app that you feel would help our screeners? Me: I'm applying even though you've no idea wtf you're doing.
dude! The new profile pic is totally creepy! GO PATS
Rick Ross - "McDonalds"
I'm sorry the timezones r soo off I'm in australia :( r u officially on summer brek now?
Flat tire on the way to work this morning. Luckily I have chocolate in my desk.
this is cracking me up
When you Love People...that makes God HAPPY!..GetOnBoard
DODGERS GAME TMRW NIGHT!! YAY!=D needa go pickup some Dodgers gear thooooo
Your Buatiful and it's killin me !
And trust me I didn't try for 15 and a half years of school and did just fine
is a disgusting person omg.. I hope you know that you are awful and are just trying to get attention but seriously leave Naya alone
get anything good?
that looks and sounds DELICIOUS!
Time to get a king sized bed?
RT : 85% of sellers want more service NOT less commission. Via #crs210nm > & though they may pay more they net more!
Good Morning!! :-)
Employment in the U.S. healthcare sector grew by 21,000 jobs in June, according to recent data from the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics.
hell ya get one month free on like a ps3 or Xbox or if your tv has it!? Then 8 bucks a month!! Do worth it!
why would you make coffee at this time?!
went to the store today to get a magazine with you in it. You were in all of them. This is getting expensive. Lol
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch. -Robert Orben
truth, almost as much as an 18 yr old Austin
I will get latest and try again.
IM HUNGRY
Loved your show !!! Amazing pieces.
bong bong
With all the dirty, lowdown, gritty grooves you got in "The Grifter's Hymnal" I needed to take a shower after listening. FANTASTIC
That was kinda ironic if you ask me!
lol I'm gonna assume this is about me and my truck ;)
comes back I hope the lines between Clana v. Clois will NEVER be blurred. The way you have told the story, Lois is it for Clark.
Thank you!!!
Losing a patient is always hard to deal with, even when you know it's inevitable.
no, i'm not gonna do this all summer again.
*smiles* Okay then. What's up?
“: Just remember who has always been there for you when everyone else wasn't.”
Choose to be present in this moment, it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation takes place
Shout out to for trying to jab me in the jaw after I gave him a nookie
also Art Garfunkel and Tom Waits
RT : Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. William Butler Yeats
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT!!!! PLZ!! not forcing yhu though
bout 2 make a move ima check bac later!!!!!!!!!
"El indio no vive sin la tortilla."
RT : If you don't like most ppl, it may be time to look at yourself as the source of the problem
Depends somewhat on type of book, but generally $9.99 is the new ceiling for mass consumption.
Naw just beats only, are you looking for some tracks?
Took a much needed nap. Feeling better! :)
how annoyed are you buy the "take this survey" hurdles in place on Adweek? - #friction sucks
Beautiful Friday to you too and thank you for the #FF Have a wonderful weekend!!
Does anyone want to see Shen Yun with me at the Lincoln Center in case can't go..
I'm an insomniac and I STILL don't think there are enough hours in the day.
what bro, thats a cool story.
where at?! & yes maaaam. What days are yal stayin?
Momma have one in the oven?
after 's previous post i've discovered that 'butter cook' is a MEMBER of a band called 'the fruitnannys'. pretty mediocre imo.
that is very acurate lol A+
Jared jefferies look like a poor man swizz beats
may be the only person in beavercreek that doesnt get high and has never been high.
What time is it where you live? It's 8:42am where I live. Wbu?
You're welcome!
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market 2012. Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the #WestLoop!
When pretty people call me pretty. c:
I told you idk who's going. Do you want be to ask my friend?
I will! #TebowTime returns this week!!
Well said. Me too! RT : In tears here watching #cnnheroes So inspiring. So much hope. Truly moving.
LOLL those were funny tweets to justin lolol<3
Need help filing your tax return? Call me! (504)891-1970 or visit me at my office: 804 Webster St.
What position needs to be the drafts top priority?
He got sum Bomb ass pussy from a white lady.
Kansas is playing like a 16 seed
I'm bored & my mentions are dead... Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest! (: go go go!
just remember how the family of contortionists would feel is they read that tweet k
Stop seeking to destroy everything you hate, and start creating anything you love.
wow that is so nice of u that is why r my roll model my everything I <3 U.
haha yeah. crazy stuff man. I'm glad they're having fun. I'm just concerned about all their younger fans and their BTR's image.
k. When?
At times I just wanna cuddle, and watch a a movie until I'm knocked.
oh yeah?
#NW Transformers. The last one.
same here :)
At youth group playing gaga ball
If I need it, yes. He sounds like he's the real deal this time though.
Yall can pick up yo size braw an just go, me I can't do that, an I hate it
Haha! The pillow IS their weapon!
our carpet got a bit wet, but other than that, we survived the storm. you?
Damn creeping on OLD tweets haha
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
why do people even say 'smh' i find it very stupid.
Praying for everyone's safety with all these storms. Yikes!
right before he died.
As much as this week at SXSW was bizarro and wonderful, I am so ready to come home to Boston. If only I wasn't laid over for so long :(
Charlie Bragale and guests are in studio, on News4 set
i'm sure you heard about what happened with me in the caf lol
Thank you! Have a great Friday!
Be sure to stay tuned to our website @ www.LuxeEssentials.com for new updated images of our products!
Sad ending to a great game played by the Badgers.
Finally finished Catching Fire.
yo! What up, any rezzies for our wine din?
Pros and cons of normalizing the dataset, lots of idiosyncrasies that might be lost if they removed built in redundancies
Ball so hard NFL want fine me $$
It's all about the hatred... Isn't it, #Georgia?
I'll take it. Dozen years ago the NCLS worked out nicely.
He is so beautiful and knows fluent English :)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys out there :D!
milan, turin, padova and that fleshy place between thigh and buttocks.
Have You Tried: Kefir?
Omg why is my website awful and why haven't I been keeping up with it?
holy shit goddamn this playlist is like on fucking point
Have fun tonight - wish I could be there too!
I need something to happen to me today. Somebody to that.
Sounds good and I'll let you know what I see in Digital Projects. :-)
Yep...not done yet...windy through tomorrow and then it will calm down for a few days...chances for t'storms remain, though! :-)
im just irritated af !
follow back? <3
My sister arriving in Hawaii would be the last of my worries...if Mauricio was in my hotel room!!!
hit the rocketballz and new Nike driver. Both very smooth, Nike seemed like lower launch, but same distance.
i missed something here.
dare you to send that to Dan
Fell off my friends horse and was slurring my words.. im okay now.. working tomarrow :)
#20factsaboutme 7) My laptop is lime green!
.!!+|_ HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Check check 123.....
what it do Homie. yeah I got a tatt shop
Prosecutor:"when somebody's little girl doesn't wake up because of a criminal action" there will be a fair trial.
and you kno this man
omfg I hate that ruins such a perfect thing called sleeping :P
Didn't know where my iPhone was for 10 seconds. Literally had a heart attack.
Evanescence!! aaaahhh Wake Me Up Inside^+*
#10thingsihateaboutyou : Bicth, i just hate you more than hating.
Up 3-1 heading into the top of the 5th! Chris Smith now in to pitch for Washington
See you tonight for #Muse talk
THEY ROCK<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Romney's pattern of misstatement and distortion is the campaign's most under-reported story.
Rest In Peace. Donna Summer.
lol I got you I thought you were sayin she did, I was like the FUCK?
I couldn't figure out what was going on. If they were that limited or the effect of cancelled galaxy foams
Trying to mentally prep for this weekend, FLT,hasbro party,3rd annual liberty Halloween party (biggest in Boston), and dgaf w/chris crisis!
We had a blast. They asked good questions....and we're glad we freaked them out a little! Thanks for having us at
with the license I have big dog
Black history, valentines day ,me n my twin brother b'day! The month I made history! The love month! #Blessed #special-month :)
exactly. I just don't tell them that part. ;)
I know I will but I don't want to go back lol
haha..I love how honest you are. Wish more people were like you.
NO IWANT THE PREVIEW URGH IM SO IMPATIENT
“: who's manning twitter???” Just some guy. Maybe Wally or Taylor will honor us later.
washing my car
Tea and Lethargy
Awesome! I'm sure Jack would agree :)
Hope my bestfriend is feelin alright after her surgeryy!!
lol lets stalk him together lmao.
Wow! We put the #DollyParton wallet up for sale yesterday, and someone from FINLAND already purchased it! FINLAND PEOPLE... FINLAND!
this is real hair , my shit is NOT allowed to be pulled .. you can rub yours hands through it tho' ...
Aye ; do me a favor follow my bo ! :)
Annie, Get Your Gun!
I wish I could marry He just seems to have a beautiful soul.
can i get an, AMEN(; lmao, im ready to see you in your dress<U+2665>
Billie Holiday would beg to differ.
To bad I'm not into Mormonizism, I would love to live in UTAH!
that's just any small school anonymous quote
My draws is sticking to me thats how long I slept
I guess you done feel the same?? :/
Ahh, if it could only be March again!!
I am always left home alone.
go see the Avengers!!!
Holed up in a hotel room in Pittsburgh, waiting for the next hockey game and wondering why I can't find olympics coverage.
on our website and twitter! And for you web designers - our site will soon need a makeover. Any portfolios out there?
I love the GK dance team. Not gonna lie.
To get to Lincecum like they did, that has to be a confidence boost after 2 straight shutouts.
it was an odd night...I think I'm too old lol.
Its been a while since i've seen some Twitter After Dark shit on my tl...hmm..
Lets have a great Monday...
shit! The ONE time I don't go to the bar...
In love with
thanks champion <3
Avg Apple household own 2.4 Apple devices rt One-in-four iPad Purchases are made by First-Time Apple Owners...
I wanna go see The Avengers. This weekend.
Deep Blue Organ Trio, two sold out shows at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola last night! Thanks all!
OH: That's it! No iPad for a day.
woo, love the followers <3
Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing - The State
nice shot!
where is simple math on your roadmap? It would be more than a "nice to have".
thanks for the follow!
i love DC hip hop
Sad that when I go grocery shopping I can only afford roundy's products
Bella and Zendaya Fan Forever! !! !! Love Ü girls
omg my brother gave me pizza...
"Improvise, adapt & overcome" is still my favorite saying.
Great to meet with you as well...awesome to see you guys taking the biz to the next level.
Hey Liam PLEASE follow me!! :)
Hail the size of golf balls hitting my parents' car and making me feel like a sardine can in a rock slide? Fun day...
FINALS, who ya got?
Today is World Water Day! Join the conversation by following #worldwaterday and
that is amazing. Much better than what I had come up with.
you was a one man bitch, go ahead and make that switch. i got the leather in my shit, your old man got that itch.
True...but I'd like to visit!
Patrick: "Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?" Me: "Absolutely." Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions.
Matt kenseth is a great spokesman for you, congrats!
Barometer, n. An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
5 weeks of my life fit into 2 suitcases, a duffle and a backpack. Sorry I am not sorry for checking all of them.
I can deal with a lot of things ...no sense of urgency is not one of these things.
LMS If You Have A Facebook
grinding at work and making people laugh
oh my...that is just a treasure trove of great ideas! How many hours do you suppose I could spend exploring???!
Guess who just came off the SpaceX wait list!!!
Thanks so much for the review!
a must have for game days
goodnight have alot of dream! cuz who doesnt like dreams;P
Welcome! RT : Officially walking #marchforbabies305 with
I'll start believing your words, as soon as you start proving them.
that's how we do big sis!
I followed back.
awesome, thanks for the feedback!
She speaks the truth! RT : Only in Ohio can u get all 4 seasons in 1 day...smh...
drat! My demands will never be met, I better start kidnapping more important shit!
Answer questions, share tips, help everyone - don't give away your secrets. File under: lessons I still need to learn.
the federal poverty level for 2011 is an annual income of $10,890 for an individual.
TOMORROW NIGHT, TRAINING CAMP, PRESEASON, AND THE SEPTEMBER!!!!!
Truth. RT : Our waiter is a total hottie!!
Once you start to dislike someone. Everything they do begins to annoy you.
moved down here for a new job and to be with my fiance. I make it up to Austin every now and then though.
Wax coke-shaped bottles with colored sugar water inside
I'll see if I can pass by mañana. Where did you get it?
Visit our website, we have lots of beautiful Apartments and USC Housing for Students! www.sternmanagement.com
Aw ! I love you too ! If you need more Followers ! Tell me !
playing the part of a rockstar with a hobby that pays the bills.
Story of my life lol": Sunglasses & advil"
Dear MLB Fans: say what you want about Bonds and Clemens now, cause you rooted for them then...
You could call the Arab Spring a food riot -women out in the streets protesting price of bread. We have been depleting the world's resources
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS. So be a W I N N E R . And STAND GRAND.
When Lil Wayne got jumped into his gang, he threw a party like it was his bat mitzvah.
These people are unaware that the bubonic plague is in there midst.
Some of you people crack me up, putting "lol" at the end of the sentence, knowing good and damn well you typed it with a straight face.
I had a similar experience with this winter. Between this & , I am so disillusioned.
"... behind a computer will only drive you to depression, and defeat."
May the 4th be with you!
How about using social media/Web 2.0 tools for engaging citizens in policy development outside public meetings?
Hey #WI, be sure to go out and #vote today!
And seriously bummed to hear about your back. I hope that works itself out quickly.
Thats not always bad! RT : Home sweet home on da solo..
Check out San Diego Natural History Museum through Jan 15 for the "All That Glitters" display of gems and mineral exhibition at Balboa Park.
Might be back early, so I'll be able to track out those joints!
the chick in the UCPA
I'm good Lood
it's still light out and I'm going to bed. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
That makes us so happy. Did you change it all together, or get a quick freshen up?
Really really like him alot
5 available readers on ShindigTarot.com ready to give free #tarot readings for
you want to see it if so i can send u a pic of it but any way do u got any pics
I would love to talk to you today.<3
That's all kinds of f'ed up
Hot dog hot dog hot diggity dog
Watching #GameofThrones... Yeah Buddy
Thank you David. Have an awesome weekend!
Thanks! We're all tired on this end. Hope you and Stassja are well.
I'm having serious heartache pains for Dollhouse. What an awesome show.
Are you fucking kidding me NBC?
Read it and weep bitches
ok maybe he was kidding (:
Why, oh why, did Geico decide it was a good idea to bring that pig back?
I must be hooked on phonics... I'm confused. Have you created a user guide yet. Also, I want 212.931.9020 not the venue's number.
Pretty much dead on all accounts. I think H wrote something recently -- I haven't written in a while, either. Might as well stop.
tell the cousins hi!
I just screamed WHAT?!? at my phone upon realizing Adam Yauch died today. Sadness. Lots of it.
no clue but huge amounts of parents pick up.
If #Tiger wins more majors than Jack, does that make him better? Read about it here-WWW.ussportspages.com
Tonight .... Late night check in at The McKittrick Hotel Excited beyond words - Are you ready?
The idea that have-nots are really soon-to-haves is a fantastic lie that keeps the never-to-haves in line.
great day except for that &^%$( parking ticket. Grr.
“: #Leos are always ready to throw down for the people they love.”<<<<THIS!!!!
Just saw a license plate that read "brahin"
It's the afternoon here, and I'm still having a hard time!
Study the matchups and maybe you can pick a winner busboy!
Words cannot express how awesome last night's Radiohead concert was. Actually, they can...but I'm too lazy to write a review.
You're very welcome! In glad I could help.
ah! I'm a day late but I love that you hung out there & thought of me! Paradiso is magical.
do you know if we had to do all the atc's for chapter 8 and 9?
who do u want dude???;D
can someone give me a WOOF? Kinda bored!
computer? or...
fersure bro I should be in pretty good shape by then aswell.
A woman asked me while I was carrying a camera at the track meet I was shooting, "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"
The fact that I'm still watching a show where hair gel (or lack thereof) is an acceptable plot line says something about me. Something bad.
and has changed the game for me. 3 films and 3 web series booked in the month of January alone.
I do, bunch of varieties at various generations.
60mph to 75mph down to 45mph then back up... knows what I'm talking about lol....
watchin get rich or die trying
Going to sleep.
Find me at the Grog Shop where I will buy you nothing. Unless you are
iv'e been trying to tell them that for like an hour :/
i freak out everytime i watch it<33333
lol yeah but they live in communities with just them and they don't use cars or any other electricity... Lol
Last I saw Hazard was wanting Fergie to make a move, where's he wanna go now then?
come play tonite!!!! =)
sorry we try to only follow those who follow back. good luck out there! if u follow us we will follow you back
Okay, that IS disgusting.
I hope you feel better!! <3
thanks for following!! XOXO love the site!
trying to nominate a project, when I preview it keeps telling me the why field is blank even though it's not. What am I missing?
Just Breathe!
If I wasn't in Atlanta traffic I'd be a little confuse seeing a grown ass man blasting Rihanna's "Birthday Cake"
If i dont tweet back then my cell tower is done cause its storming.
Excited to announce on 6/4!
McFadden is legit franchise back. Shades of
Thanks for connecting here Jaime!
$.55/sf CARPETS YOUR HOME installation only - material IE: carpet & pad Extra
Black youth unemployment rate is 40%. The social engineering of high minimum wages has eliminated entry level rung on employment ladder.
That's where I stopped!! RT : It's been pretty bad to south & west. 18 inches of water on road at 11th & Layton apparently
Rita Ora would be so much better if she made songs Lana Del Rey style. She's so pretty but makes shit music
thx for the follow!
Please go send your love to - he's not feeling up to par today!
Lol just passed by.
Haha can you send me a pic of the green paper? I lost it.!
Please 4 more followers!
like women who have tats
#paleo snacks on the beach! I love my beef jerky!
It's a blizzard! Glad I got home ok.. . . . whew! The weather folks were right :-)
companies with individuals.
Well put my application in today now begins the waiting game.....
Woke up to I Love This Bar this morning. Made me think of #HonkyTonkFriday!
Thinking about Wacom Bamboo Capture as a digital sketchpad for my Win 7 machine. Any rec. for or against?
I definately wouldn't leave for anybody. I love them too much :) <3
No homework? Gotta luv NECAPs I rather take those and have no hw. Come home and blast da tunes wit tumblr :p
let me kno when...
Go with Johnny & the Moondogs : If I call Friendster "The Quarrymen of social media" will listeners know what I'm talking about?
Join us on the red carpet 6/1-5 @ Gold Coast International Film Festival. sponsorships still available. Reach me @
So 's "Quiet Rye-It." Best beer name ever? Or best beer name ever? Citra Ass Down is a close second.
occupy small businesses today
i feel like there's a hierarchy when there are multiple presenters
You are your brand. Respect it & Represent it hard!
um, Miss Janet can rest as well. Hahaha
boofuckinghoo there are protesters. shut the fuck up and take it like a man.
Open the door to a host of new telecom services to sell to your customers.. Globalnet Telecoms new Channel Partner Deal..100% OF THE PROFIT!
Just got the heavybag all setup! So EXCITED to start boxing again! If u have never tried it before it's the best, ENTERTAINING cardio ever!
Hello just got home going to try and do as many more #FF I can
open-source. could it build the world that ought to be? I don't know, but might
Confidence can take you a long way
I can't get Mr. saxso beat out of my head
yea they are. They're gay
Any way I can get copy of your slide on ideas for tweets and Tw Campaigns?
I hate my dad.
in 10 minutes me leave out
I don't know what's up then. I just updated the software this afternoon and shits gone haywire.
She also picked Mine that Bird and I didn't listen
On my way to school
It's always hard when a large law firm encounters such difficulties. I feel badly for the folks there.
Earthquake!!! Along the east coast, crazy!!
What snakes? Where?
I'm going to Red Tango tonight - an alternative milonga, which is absolutely my fave style. I'm ready to bust out my Comme il Faut's!
I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while
Thank you:)
We've been hanging up the bunting and planning so many great things for you, Denver! Stay tuned for the goods on CRAFTIN' CARNIVAL!
Don't judge me on my past, I don't live there anymore.
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there <3
People will follow you not only because you have a great voice, but because you have a great mesage to share with them.
one more day of rest means you'll be even more rested for school... on monday.. lol jk
I hadn't walked there in a while
When creating social projects, think about the lurkers as much as the ppl who will create content.
"She looked like something out of a magazine!" ...sorry, which magazine would that be, exactly?
Omg everyone is so stylish. Especially in Madrid, like everyone is classy. Nobody wears tee shirts & everyone wears scarfs.
Hey children’s literacy coalition: what are your favorite children’s books?
Today is the 22nd. And I thought it was like the 14th. But we just celebrated my mom's bday on the 16th...
u are funny on tv
Had a great evening with my sons.... Also taked about Donald Trump video phone busness...$500.00 to buy in????? to sell $100 phones 30/mon.
Happy birthday Ace Frehley!
Today's gonna be great. Why? and I got to do our Secret Sammy Handshake on campus walk.
searching for a Data Entry TEMP for a Wash, DC law firm. send resume to
wow delpo acted like that. I am going to watch match on dvr. Did fed start yet
I have this big dream that they will...realistically probably a little too much to handle though. Terrible seeding!
Greetings to you as well, good suh.
Awesome #Reds sold out tonight. Hope I get to watch it tonight. Caps play same time. Game 7.
lets go to cedar point
Funny shit happening all around me
Very sad news about Adam Yauch. You were a top bloke, and we'll miss you.
Love it! Illustration Supreme.
hell yeah! I get to golf for the first time Monday!! Prepared to whiff a lot.. Could care less!
Morning. This looks delish: A Layer Cake Made of Crepes: BA Daily via
Yes. That's okay.
Love my Black Barbie. Gonna call you in a few luscious!
Mitt Romney doesn't like: Black people, Immigrants, Illegal residents, PBS, Amtrak, Poor people, Women's rights, The Internet, Michigan.
#GrandpaFred oh I don't care. It's your hands that are the important part. Here comes somebody. Can I help you?
so excited! RT : It is July. You know what that means…
It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that caused the trouble in the garden.
Lynn Leslie is now following us. Just thought the whole world should know.
it's white panda...Hulk Hogan choked one out in China for my birthday. it's reversible
#nf follow back???
Thank you for the RTs!
If this is learning, then I hate it -___-
Happy Birthday, !
see you dont deny it at all(:
Varmus: Funders see articles as a means to share the research they have paid for. Researchers use articles to build reputation.
Thank you, it took so long! I looked off of another picture but it turned out dece. The original pic was GOOD
Happy new years girlie!
oh boo i missed u!!!!
sorry bra, lol
Making cookies and watching the #Brewers game! Awesome :) #postseason #Beat STL
lol thats a sign of being crazy when you tweet yourself babe
yu a mess. Bye! ;D
ha. thanks for coming down & grabbing me...just saw this.
RT : "We all have two choices: We can make a living, or we can design a life." ~Jim Rohn
3 dimensions of public accountability within an org: administrative, technical, political -Delgado
Doing a presentation over a NYT op-ed 'Smokeless in Seattle'
Hurry up and quote handsome devil! (Mention me)
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. -- Maria Robinson
so happy got a new book!
Can't believe it's been 10 years!! RT : Practice? We talkin bout practice? We talkin bout practice mane...
hands in their pockets, shrugs their shoulders and says well somethins wrong. ~face palm~
Reading the Agile Manifesto again...is quite beautiful. Particularly: "...At the core, I believe Agile Methodologists are really about …
I heard the good news. Looking forward to hearing you speak again at the #GAAR annual meeting. U asked for the invitation... :o)
I want to hear #Believe I'm crazy hahaha i think the songs of believe can be amazing like Boyfriend :D #Mexicomissesou <3
They are available in combinations of dark chocolate, roasted peanut butter, white chocolate and some with additional caramel filling
Happy new year! ;-)
bring me back a koala and I'll bake you a giant chocolate chip cookie! Sound good?
*grabs the shotgun* HA! >:)
You're going no where in life.
have you ever talked to yourself in your head for a period of time and wondered if you said any of it out loud. #awkward no weird
If ur not following me why do u think Im gne follow u!!
Sup bro??? DaBears!!!
"You'll be amazed how much government you'll never miss." - Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels. <-- More responsible people in govt like this!
howdy partner.... o gosh its been a long day haha how are you doing?
So much pathetic beta approval seeking behavior going on
Kk games over goin to sleep now night!! Hit my cell <U+270C>
Hahaha RT : Since Hamilton should still be a Ray, I believe his HOME RUN counted for us. So, I say the score is 9 to 1 Rays.
I just pooped a little blood.
Just realized how much Ian Harding looks like :P
Stay sharp in whatever it is you pursue on the daily.
really interesting nobody answered that they hung out at business establishments aside from malls and chain restaurants.
Uhmmm I don't have lot of time. -.- Gooing Homee right Now. Two minutes left in this fucking Cyber u.u
I still find "Rainwater Cassette Exchange" to be Deerhunter's finest... but, I kinda like 'em all!
Please help spread the word about me please! #Believeland #Cleveland #Ohio #Toledo #Akron #Canton #Cincinnati #TeamShunte will soon be born.
Premiere of ARMYNEL tonite ! Very pumped !!!
lol that's a good one :-)
ill delete it my self when i get there. HateLies<3Trust
aww thanks love!
Current status:
Sweet!! RT : I'm seriously craving a red velvet cupcake, m that would be divine.
One more day until break 10 more days until CHRISTMAS
LOVING the weather here! We are officially underway in Puerto Rico, Breaktrhough VII!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you have a fabulous weekend ahead!
": Just got finished seeing Safe House.It was a good movie. btw, Tobin Frost aka Denzel died at the end of the movie" «lol that guy
Starting my day breakfast to celebrate their employees great work in the community. Love our partnership.
SHE RTED ME AGAIN! HOLY FUDGE BALLS.
One easy way to support local biz, use cash or debit only (prolly won't hurt you either). Help them avoid fees. Stay local my friends.
Working on #homebrew recipes. Going to do some Fruit Beers for the summer.
Sometimes I just miss having that person.
Done with this shit I got plenty of other guy that interested. That don't want to teach me like shit.
I love Jack White like a little brother (actually...more than a Brother !!)
you have to try roots new fav... Ham and franks red hot waffle sandwich... This may stay on the menu a while. Thnx
Its Friday Yay:)
I should be in Bloomington right now on campus, getting ready to enter Assembly Hall..
Day off to go eat breakfast!
Bill Ross Photography Opening Reception!!!! This Friday November 4th, you wont want to miss this, bring the gang and explore your mind!
"i love u boy neva gonna leave yah" then you both got with someone else the next day?? rlly, i bet you love them too.
Happy B-day! I wont tell anyone you're actually 25 ;-)
Yeah I was happy to find that it was actually pretty funny. Corddry & Craig Robinson are pretty great.
Just now realizing that might be a machine vs information question. Empathy with a strong work ethic still wins the day, regardless.
Glass exhibit NeoNatural is only here thru Sun. Don't miss it. $3 admission into conservatory.
Just registered for I'm not going to miss that this year. I was bummed when it sold out last time.
not lazy at all. it wasnt meant to go. I cant chill tomorrow
I wish it replaced the twitter stream in my "feed" homescreen.
My life is ruined if you do not know who I am... I know you even don't know that I exist, but I do :(
I don't know one person I can actually trust.
RT : I hate when people touch shit that's not theirs
Just checking up on you, how are things going? Is it tough watching all of the late NBA playoff games?
u should go as batman for halloween
keep dreaming. Wont happen. NHL needs to contract teams not add them.
you guys are all amazing who make the world big and beautiful :)
Been playing pokemon a lot lately.
At Sea Breeze for brunch
He needa text back! I need a favor! >.<
my end of the year goal is to have RT by JAN 1 <3
m Central Waters, saw a great piece about them on the news while at the parentals' place over the wkend.
do I get to be there too? I'm your wife..
The rest of the evening belongs to Iron and Wine. That is all.
I want some starbucks!
WOO let's run 13.1 miles!!!!
what did you
I put a pedometer on once and calculated that I walked a total of 2 miles daily just around my office.
Don't worry, has you beat.
When Freddie says the line "But nobody asked how I feel--" I swear he reminds me so much of this one actor, but I have no idea which actor.
Did Obama get caught playing dirty basket ball politics with Russia? Or was it simply lips service?
#learned : if youre using twitter's Bootstrap-dropdown.js, remember to include the styles for ".open" or your UL will still be display: none
really?? U bought it for me??Love you, you are the best!!! Yes, upside down jets might b just what we need. Thank u so much Alan.
#followfriday love to - so good to finally meet Jack last night & looking forward to working with your team!
The Voice could have saved some money on spinning chairs if they'd just got Stevie Wonder as a judge.
Just checking! Haha then that's my suggestion for a story.
Did she just say, be 'pacific'?? I think she meant specific.
Hi S/O from Bay Area!!! When are you going here? :)
For Christmas, who wants to get me an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic?? :) no one? Okay...
Just watched "Courageous" Every Male should watch.
Hey Steven, is filming a show where you get to shoot zombies as fun as it looks?
ok doll! XOXO!
D-Wade
in cases like that, I look at what they funded in the past, & have informal chat w/ sponsor and share my idea. might help?
it's hard to see how HC can sustain the idea. It undermines the entire free library concept.
Stephanie Meyer has officially convinced me that every girl deserves to be Bella and have vampires and wolves fight over her.
this has got to be a sick joke. It can't be real.. Does beibs even have loins?
Thanks for a PERFECT Xmas-in-NYC weekend. Can't wait to read 'bout it in next weekend!
I like the fact that there is a relationship between the two great business schools
what a gem
Hey man what time are you guys hittin up #polica or starting the party?
Yes, of course I did. I tweeted it when it posted haha
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0010298
I know bro I listen to Jim Rome & you're the highlight of his listeners / callers
thanks for the mention and have fun
If we can see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would transform.
5/15 summaries done. :p determined to do 3 more tonight!
a bunch of long ass names. just wait dude.
Always a pleasure to give Duke journals a shout-out.
LOL.. u got that right
Just reviewed a fantastic crime thriller..Hunter by Check it out on Amazon..Kim Norris (Kindle Book Review)
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm looking at you
Distinguishing character of an #entrepreneur is that he/she obsessively seeks an innovative edge - Joseph Schumpeter
Next time I'm in that area I totally will!!!!
It's comical to watch Arizona drivers throw on their flashers & slow 2 a halt as it begins to rain.
- m looks like I am missing out. need to get to LA!
aha, the need for funding and minions to keep up becomes apparent. Who will write the paper? ;)
I Bet you guys are sure something!
I like the new boarding group numbers ... Much easier than before. Win 1 for united.
wow just got off the phone with bobby valentino.... crazzyy this summer will go HAAMMMMM!
“deliberative discourse requires a multiplicity of perspectives to shape ideas” How To Argue Productively by Daniel Sobol...
#followus this coming June in #Denver and you can #ShineYourDivine with us as we move our #vibrations, work with #Angels in one big #event!
can u give me a shout out for my burfday on saturday
I'm not sure. Up one day, down the next. I didn't curse. Let me look into it.
Ask Cassie and Courtney "what happened to the Libertarians?" for me!
"Smell of burnt rubber hung thick at Brannon."
gag I just got off... Still people there?
Got your book in the mail. Thanks so much!
Library hosts networking breakfast before library opens. Serves "suits" out of work who pretend to go to work.
I love my besties Chandra,naiya,Priscilla,Joyce ,Dolores,Brenda,Sabrina,and Stacy there my everything I love them :* <3
NY'ers, Please let know you'd like him to deem May "Aviation Month." #NY,
HAHAHAHAHA!!! ME AND LUKE GETTIN OUR BERNIE ON!!!
Project X or Wanderlust? What to see tonight
I hate that word and people that use it
Super bored someone text me
My dude CJ
It's academia (in Georgia.) Therefore still very democratic.
will we be able to follow this Thursday's talk on #socialmedia on twitter? pls say yes!
;You can Go Hard. . ,Or you can go home.
New "LOVELY DAY" music video debuts in 75 minutes. :)
The art of saying goodbye. You got it or you don't.
good thanks hun
#20ReasonsWeLoveDemi her courage, body, smile, voice, hair, personality and I cant name only 20. She's perfect to me & I love her so much. <U+2665>
thank you! And yes I'm 14 yrs old.
No guy is worth tears, tears of joy? yes. Tears of sadness? No.
I know what might help! #ala11 Dance Party! Seriously, prepare yourself for my sweet moves.
Chicago is really cold lol
It's official. I can't do it all.
The Ginny got me RUNNY!!!!!!
When you don't have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.
plotting a mutual dj assault passover seder entrance...
This time change is CRAP! Lol another jammed packed day tomorrow ... Like I had enough time to begin with ... #COMEON lol
I love you dirty hoee! ;)
Lol I was so bored, I started going through youtube and I think everybody found each other on facebook lol its so dead there now
looks like that one finally got through today. Thanks!
RT : 90% trust friends for music recommendations... Livestreaming this morning w #SMWLA. See you in person this evening!
-- There's a reason why LaHair played in Triple-A for six seasons ... just saying.
RT : RT : #Rockies traded Seth #Smith to the Oakland #athletics for Guillermo #Moscoso & Josh
I reserve my skepticism for the sensationalist media, not the meteorologists.
“ My Lil sis works,fished school& is going back to fulfill her dreams! Only 19!! Old dumb hoes take notes lol ”
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
#Nw Death at a funeral <U+E412><U+E411><U+E420><U+E41F>
Thanks for keeping the fight alive, Oakland. You are leading the way to social justice
Decluttering...what do you do with all the rosaries and crucifixes you received as a child? You can't just THROW them away...can you?
“: Negative emotions can harm and damage your immune system.” -reading this while sick in bed and seething over stupid stuff-
Grocery store Lata......
Mass impersonal #followrequest to my favorite twitter people:
thanks! I think I got what I need...
Don't be taking bitches personal.
Wow the clear cutting of timber here in Oregon has gotten out of control!
#TwitterPoll Is it trifling 2 break off a relationship thru a tweet?
Checking in on my page ....this afternoon,, Hope everyone here has a great weekend!!!!! Kiss Your Kid..make E'm Smile for Us
Thanks for the follow! Would love to help spread your influence.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
And actually, the Nintendo3DS is now a platform outlet for videos too (e.g. ) It's crazy!
I hate Bank of America.
So we beat on, boats against the current.
Please follow me!
didn't you just fill last night?!
ugh i wish stafano didnt get voted off of American Idol im so sad :( he was so cute and i loved his smile
what happened to the fast food purge?
Have you seen our Downtown Dining menus? What are you looking forward to most?
shut the fuck up bitch , fucking poser cunt slag
girl, how far are you from santa monica?
Excited! RT : Bloomingdale Farmers Market reopens this Sunday, May 13th! New hours this season 9AM to 1PM every Sunday
It's your responsibility to move in the direction of your dreams.
You know those people who just TRY to piss you off?
Looks the Braves are getting their brooms ready
Working with the door and window open. Can't beat that -- lovin' the cooler weather here in Charlotte today.
Lettin' it all out for my
DIY: Manage email campaigns with phplist
So I have my glasses on and my hair pulled back, dressed for the gym. Mike looks at me and laughs: "I married Liz Lemon! Who knew?"
yes...yes you do. Is that too much to ask for PauPau? AWWWG YOU DON'T LOVE ME
Derby Hours Today! We'll only be open from 8 am to 12 pm!!!
Anybody need a roommate??:/
"I'm always eclectic." - Nicolas Cage
That late JIm Rohn said it best, "Profits are better than wages." Yes lawd!!!
My "good songs" and your "good songs" are two different opinions. :3
get ready to hate me all over again..Lames beware
when written language came into being people were in an uproar, but hasn't it done more good than harm?
Fixing something I fucked up on my own
Is that the iMac cause I have the same excact computer
#YoungAdult favorite is free fries at Burger King. At Last a home run King with Barry Bonds and Etta James ahead of #2012 #fridayreads #FF:)
ego cared how&who followed&I followedTwitter,3months after my wife of 31 years left me2b 65Nov 9 my spirit wonders how 2find new wife&lov;o)
Im ready for another SUPANOVA!
Oh that Siri cracks me up. Keep me updated when your next show is.
I really don't know what to do at this point <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Aww thanks! Well.. edited it ;) haha :)
hey man let's catch up. Hope U have been awesome!
thanks for the follow Jennifer what kind of menu planning do you do? Check out
our photo book with 152 pages of photos taken from all over the world is coming out in nov. keep and eye out for my tweet on this.
Thanks Rose.
It's blissful. RT : To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
I'm good. I prefer Chris Matthews, Lawrence O'Donnel, or Ed Schultz.
Happy Birthday !!
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
“: What a win for , sweeping UMD in Duluth! RT this if you think #Gophers Hockey is BACK!” Hope so!
WHAT? Are you kidding me?
Yay! My camera has arrived just in time for Black Wednesday and of course Thanksgiving!!! :)
hmm righton, you said ur at a UC. weather must b WONDERFUL; i miss cA!
Wat happens to peeps twitter accounts wen they die?
yeah I had some guy in construction and I hit ignore.
haha right?? I hope I get tickets!
love you bro!
LA Times website running slow, probably as readers rush for latest news on the shambles that the McCourts have left the Dodgers in...
Stayed up late to finish reading Before I Go To Sleep by SJ Watson. Should probably dig into Anna Karenina for book club next.
if anyone's down for chilean seabass and crawfish etouffee stuffed pecanwood bacon-wrapped shrimp, respond now or forever hold your peace!
BlueRock is closed today for a Hoppy Holiday!
Thank you and for your participation in #comcastcaresday at Buri-Buri School in South San Francisco!
And the headstones climbed up the hills And the headstones climbed up the hills
Adam has an Elvis look & performance style...with a lot better voice. In fact, incredible voice. www.hansonmusicstudios.com
lol i bet u are lol
never...I'm a man of steel.....at last mentally
Shout out to , hurry up & follow him. He follows back. He's cute too(:
Be sure to check out The Bellmen
There's a lot of double standards. Such as you can't be ugly and mean, I know, wrong. But If I have to be fat and Jolly, u can deal
love YOU music party in the U.S.A
We're happy we can do it! Thanks for supporting.
Lmaoooo! RT : If you get a chubby when you poop, does that automatically make you #TeamBottom ?
Im sleepy af*
#1 Urban E-Mail Marketing Firm On the East Coast! Let Us Make Your Campaign FLY!
Cleaning, moping, laundry....at soon it'll be time to enjoy the remainder of the weekend...oh yeah, and call the folks!
thanks for the follow my man
The secret is to stay open minded and continue learning every day, you can never know enough
M&M's for breakfast :)
I see Julio Cesar is trending...did he leave Orlando to play some GK today? Me thinks so...
J. Cole- Problems
i don't understand why they all getting hurt...
ha wait what.. oh I'm just bored… must have missed the troller tweets… going from working remotely to back at the office
As long as you are going to think anyway, think big.
Photographers, as we get closer to tax day, April 17, word of the day: Receipts!
No sir. I am the cumulative creation forged from Gabriel's hopes, dreams and aspirations. And yeah, this is my 2nd breght!
Things just got serious. Groups are competing for $500 to implement an idea on Georgia St (via ) or in Indy (via )
I may put a chat room on Magic City Mayhem.com tonight for all of us waiting up for the Hatter release. Anyone interested?
Lets go on a trip to your heart ;)
At least it is semi warm out
He's the backbone of this land
I performed there once! It's incredible! PS I miss ya!
No school tomorrow-->> #shopping !!! & Saturday I'll get to bring my prom dress home finally :):)
Who else cant wait till spring break? Couple days :)
this rain fucking up my hustle!
There you go!
The reason people hold on to memories so tight for so long is because memories are the only thing that don't change, even when the people do
Word on the streets is the Cards have Nickleback performing tonight at the Yum. at #BBM!!
just voted!!!
maybe when i turn 21 it will be something different but for now, i am content with my age. i don't want to get any older lol
I knew the "trio" wasn't gonna work very well
Look on the Internet, look on the news, follow on Facebook to find the clues...ThatFreeThing is going fast, sign up now and don't be last!
Bronson says she lives in the same gated neighborhood as victim Ava Lopez, about a 10-minute walk between homes. Talking about pilot husband
Hopefully no final today! :/
Yes! I do that too. Can you imagine if we went around and called every human "baby" or any nickname we use for babies/kids?!
I haven't had this much fun in a while.I need to go out more often.
How is facebook gonna have a 100 billion dollar IPO when they can't execute a single mobile app with good UX?
If you can't convince them, confuse them.The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
lol.. I'm finally home but gotta go back out, hopefully by then all the slow dumb ass drivers will b home sleepn lol..
Looking for Network #Programmers and C# Graphics Programmers for opportunities in
Cool! Glad to hear that! :)
Don't you mean THE OCEAN?
Really, does anyone PLEASE want to explain what tumblr is? Im SO confused. :/
Heading home from NC. Happy Easter
Sorry about the aweful mini golf pic...
katelyn's hater is probably a 30 year old man or an 8 yr old girl.
should be a GREAT DAY at the Stadium! Have fun!
Though not confirmed, The Huffington Post is reporting that Rosie O'Donnell will play Miss Hannigan in the new revival of
Must get abstract and bio to #SIRLS for the homecoming talk I'm giving on embedded librarianship... and must do travel for #il2011!
When I said MacPhail wasn't going anywhere, I meant cosmically. We're all bound to this big baseball called Earth. Front office? Not so much
... somehow that link wasn't what I was expecting. :)
trying to do a essay hbu
watching mtvs new show #MoneyFromStrangers!! :D
Thank you!
Spinning = Insanely Difficult. Woah.
If I was this snow I would so stick to the ground
#OkUPrettyBut u know how 2 work it?
Sketchy as fuckkkk
Couple beers to end the day.
haven't tweeted in a while!
Have on full blast to get this day started off just right ;) Much <3 always!
Crowd is cheering, horns are blaring, #LevitatedMass is home!
Thanks for the follow. We appreciate the support from DC!
Goin to Inkster for my basketball tournment ;)), im ready
Of course he thought about that. And if he didn't, everyone in government around him did. He has advisors. He's not stupid.
Outsourcing city IT is a massive failure. It /may/ be better than what we had before but it's not a real success.
lee lee stay hurtin ppl smfh RT : S/o to 's tv for bruising my pinky! "/
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
Poor fly in the office - so many windows it wants to get out of, but none of them open.
Defense defense Defense #DABEARS!!!!
more vacation reads i loved: BIG MACHINE by Victor LaValle. a team of spiritual X-men search for god and investigate the supernatural.
I don't know, how much of a fan are you?
#Bruins not enough urgency! Looks like it's golf season.
Or if you are a Sprint user, please text the number 3 to 97979. Thank you!
wow lucky you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
guh he standin at the patio door with nothing on cryin n when a lady walked by he said woo lol
means lots of 0-5s in there as well
oh man I hope Neil Hamburger joins them again
I feel the same way. I wish that the story could continue in this fashion until all villains have been introduced. She's sneaky!
Bryce Harper has a F'ing cannon.
wasted time wasted skills wasted energy making a living by doing a job i am not meant to do like so many others displaced from their field
We love San Marcos! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks San Marcos!
There was 2,118,577 #records #sold last week on #top200 #soundscan where do you fit in?
Late for class already... a damn shame...
you try to be strong but inside sometimes something will always sting, something always just kill me "always darkest before the dawn"
: I've been lost in the working world, but I'm slowly finding my way back :)
it's been fun cheering along with you!
RT : Congrats to the winner - We <3 and we're really excited for them!
why is your poker down? Extraordinarily frustrated together with the service as soon as a great deal more.
What restaurant did you order from? Did you call us to get the amount credited or brought back out to you?
is that who you want the giants to draft? (realistically) i really like me some Fleener as well
They Act Like They Don't Knoe when too Go Inn The Damn House!
2010 = record no. US soldier brain injuries www.epinews.com/
Mountain dew is the best when you drink it from a can
are you doing summer league?
Nick Jonas is the most darlingest!
Today 1845: First free public school opened in Southport (later to become Kenosha), Wisconsin.
How the fuck did you know that?! Oh, you must've seen some of my videos? That's cool.
Don't forget we're open tomorrow from 12-7. Come in and say hey!
Damn I need some excitement ! Any ideas?
AAPT .006 - still underground. Distribution news with Walmart due before April 1st. Check it out.
Did you find your lost thing on 6th? Try the area they call "dirty 6th"
: "People at your company think you're freaks!".
Loved Rachel blomgrens knit skirt! And fort Wilson riot was great!
No silent treatment for Bryce Harper after first home run, how bout that.
I'm gonna try to win backstage passes for the concert from b96. U should try too
oh yeah from the "namaste" guy. our apartment will never fully recover from this past weekend.
Only 2 more days until UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
I'm so fcn irritated right now!
ha, sounds good. what type of book; one of those "what to do to get shows as an artist" book?
Call of duty tour kicks off next week in Atl come Holla at me! Tonite come see how to boy shut it down I'm at sunset strip tonite Det Mich.
It would be funny is Kobe just threw up on McGee during the game.
Enjoy Jon Duschinsky's "Philanthropy in a Flat World"? Then you'll want to catch his session at 8am in the Fundraising 101Theater!
#SantaCame but the only thing I really wanted wasn't under my tree, :'(
Hehe my mom thinks you and Jacky were hot in the "Im Not A Vampire" video, but she wants to talk to you about your pants xD
eating was amazing, let's do that again.
Opportunities? They are all around us, there is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.
When was the last time kobe hustled back on defense?
Guy trying to sing Paramore on American Idol. Just...no. Hayley Williams is a goddess with a voice unmatched.
dont know the song ariana is singing
Nasty boyz think bout having a video shoot soon, so we will be looking for video girls
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
can u give cena 5 Rock Bottoms tomorrow Plz!!!!!!
RT Pretty sure I'm gonna go to pizza hut buffet....by myself #theusual // Like a champ!
The crew is headed to Frisco's in Columbia tonight (sans bike) to enjoy some yummy brews. Happy Hump Day!
you know how you had me do that trailers thing? could you do it for me? just put oheyitshannah21 in as the code. :)
killin it at the Nuggets game tonight!!!!!
RT : Hey, do let us know if Clear fixes their WiMax issue. I'm shying away from 4G till they iron out the wrinkles.
It's a beautiful day. Gotta love Florida.
would like to know if you could look over my business proposal
Much love on supporting my video.
When you hold me like this you kno my heart skips skips a beat
i say things like that because i'm fucking hilarious.
Organizations need policies to protects themselves against litigation.
At least Rick Carlisle is fired up!!!!
me too. Kids and a happy marriage are big factors in that
re: arrrr: Mag's pirate? Frustration? Stubbed foot? Do tell....
Can't see American Buffalo tonight - I now have two tickets for sale. Anyone interested?
I Hate Mondays!!!!!!!! I have never met someone, who likes Mondays!!!!!!
We're opened on Mondays - Get gorgeous for the Holidays! 412-854-6881
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!
"Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass...it's about learning how to dance in the rain." -Unknown #dealwithit # quote
Guess who just earned a free flight to Cali on AirTran? let's plan the logistics people- see you soon!
Feeling extra lazy
My cousin Mitch loves me <3
We were looking forward to your tweets!
Done. RT : Be #Considerate of others.
No official announcement but thunder and lightning pelting memorial stadium - no chance we start on time if at all
Sir James George Frazer would be known to super geeks who have a mini half priced book of their own. It is from a hundred yrs ago
im sleepy now!
they actually have 3 bye weeks.. They play the Vikings twice!
love it! You and are making me want to go paint my nails now! Haha!
Probably true-- RT : Grizzlies lost this series in Game 1, its that simple
By the way, congratulations on Knight. Sounds like a great project, look forward to seeing the results.
Nothing some Journey can't fix
Thanx for the follow!
Ah! My feet dont reach the floor on these benches o:
nothing makes a social network seem so foreign as prominent trending terms I don't want to know more about
Do anarchists believe in Karma?
The Merchant Of Penis
looked past by most, looked down on by all.
is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under Sessions-Poster in online planner
we don't joke about #scrapple - you can order online, and we will ship to you!
"Why Wrigley Field Must Be Destroyed."//Utter blasphemy...
Innovative use of location technology for tourism industry
Just discovered the #Google Translate App's Conversation Mode!!
fuck.. so did i
They Taking Too Long /:
Gatekeepers for artistic careers - not simply talent...but also economic privilege, choice of life partner, lack of dependents
It's official! Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago & NW Ind purchased Kubit2me Truth or Dare for camps & Trading Post Stores! Happy camping!
Looking forward to Homecoming Weekend. Hope to see you there! Go Tribe!
Well, you're a major disappointment!
I think should come to the now, you know, spice things up around here, its been dry and quiet.
Slow it down guys slow it down! Let's go bullies
Cause she's planning to purchase the sun. RT “: "When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes." - Oprah Winfrey”
So these fools in #Congress introduce a BIPARTISAN Bill to pass CLASSIFIED information from Government 2 Corporations?!?!
90 plus minute flight delay to San Fran. Not nice.
you're welcome! I'm glad you like our stuff!! Tell your friends about us!
I'll never tell. o more cryptic.
I'm still anti-diet for u... have u seen yourself!?
The autumn wind is a #RAIDER pillaging just for fun. He'll knock you round and upside down and laugh when he's conquered and won.
Omar will be in Milwaukee today
thanks, I like to think I am :D
Looks like its a two part episode! Should be on again tomorrow!
Money=evil?? Broke<evil... gotta eat.
Have you checked the for spring items - we love the bright colors!
I'd love to, I think it would be a fun feature to do.
If I cut off all my hair, can I still be ?
Lmao RT : I need to take Ruby for a car wash but I'm going broke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
what u working on mayne
So I wrote a new song..... and I feel really good/weird about it. If I finish it...It's being uploaded tonight.
The woman in front of me on the train is calling everyone in her phonebook to chat. Seriously?
America. It all starts in
Remind me never to play golf ahead of you!
Not really.
Making progress, slowly, but progress nonetheless in this former tree nursery. Back to work i go.
yeah and who not gay i will turn her gay
“You have to fight your bad days to deserve your best days.”
Best yoga journal conference weekend thanks to everyone!
Very cool!
#HeatNation we got this
Danke, I will!
Good Morning!
Can't decide on a dp
the final course grades aren't in yet, but the "Final" column adds up all the other points automatically.
I no booboo hopeful soon
thanks punk!
That's more like it. Of maybe if I expand my def of "art." re: : Can the pieces be considered craft?
- good God...it really is a 'full' English breakfast! looks fantastic. Are those true English sausages? be still my heart.
Join U.S. Department of State minister counselor Dr. Judith Baroody for SIS drop-in advising tomorrow 3:30-5pm in the SIS Atrium.
I don't know half the people on the K Fest lineup this year
Congratulations Principal Kim Sheppard for submitting the winning Classroom of the Future Application!
Use Research Guides to find help with subject specific research, class assignments, writing and presentation, and other aspects of the...
windows movie maker video effects & transitions
you're gonna b great
Hahahhahahahh! Classic. Your vocabulary continues to amaze. :)
what do you mean a story?
...when u dropping the next classic!!!!
Panda express>>>
Use promo code- sporta(all lower case) to get 20% OFF ALL SKLZ sports training products, includ SKLZ Rapid Fire(only $119.99)@ www.SKLZ.com
Haha! LOVE Bicester Village!:D I know, it would just mean so much to all of us!:')
Look forward to listening to the debate!
for my hazel eyes, can u suggest a pretty eyeshadow pallette that will enhance my eye color?
Fake cramps...
no doubt! that one had a lot of shine...seeing the oil on steel get some love was actually a lot more meaningful to me!
LOL! I wish!
we connected! :)
much appreciated :)
u can't her shirts. Haha
GREAT #jazz #bass, from '70s electric #funk to probing post-bop acoustic upright >> Buster Williams
Kyle Korver really ?
Back from an assignment in Sacramento; stayed at cozy, urban chic Citizen Hotel, dwntown. Its Grange Restaurant was superb; biz center tops
Yes = I'm doing the sequel.
Follow me getting rid of this account!
History is a vast early warning system.-Norman Cousins
Random walks and electric networks 8211 Peter G. Doyle ebook
Happy Friday! Are you enjoying this warm weather?
in street lingo, it's just 'cane.
How often do u get 2 Atlanta/Dunwoody?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
Cannot wait to hear one shining moment.
Hanging with "First Church of the Nazarene" tonight in Greenville! Also doing a book signing after!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to reading your posts!
Peanut butter jelly time? Wow. Both genius and terrifying at the same time.
Hi !!! Great job by you & !!! Job well done. You should pat yourselves on the back.
Miss America 2012 ok Iowa cool
Gov's Office: $3.7 million for school nurses. Adding 400 med residency slots. (GA in great need of pedi specialists, MDs in rural areas.)
I've heard that a winner has been picked for the Spring into Facebook Giveaway! Cross your fingers it's you ;)
Glad to help!! Helping authors get their work out is the best part of our job -- it's nice that this digital era supports it!
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." -Dalai Lama
you're in! Stay tuned!
His name is also a great way to promote the merits of evolutionary theory RT : Darwin Barney is still really, really raw
Yeah I hate having to wear a knee brace everyday..:/
underworldd (: ima just watch movie's all day.
You were the only to play along on Twitter...thank you! :) Google rules! : google
Are you seeing this!?
Looking for an #attorney to act as global head of corporate trust for top financial firm in
Students - Don't miss the #PRSSA chat tonight! RT : #PRSSA Twitter chat TONIGHT at 9 p.m. ttp://on.fb.me/w3onZy
most of the time, I love Venice but sometimes I get punchy when I see a mom pushing her $1k stroller on the sidewalk whilst on roller skates
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at Geisel Library, 3;00 p.m. University of California San Diego!
About to watch 'The Last Airbender'! I've been wanting to watch this movie cuz it looks CRAZY!! I'll record it<U+E00A><U+E03D> 4 yaw on my iPhone 4 lol jk
Wishing everyone a Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happystpaddysday #libraries /wk
Correct. I found it by going to your profile. :)
Just got off work-- Going book shopping then straight home to watch iCarly and Victorious!! :)
Am trying to prep for training ed museum staff on new iPads for use in museum. What do they need to know?
<-- Oh hey look my picture changed.
Apparently it's usually in the hour after... just a few mins to go
I buy TP at Giant and I think everyone is looking at me. "Look at him. What a pooper."
OMG! just made my night he followed back! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Just confirmed will be performing LIVE Oct. 22 !
just like the giants are gonna do tonight, it ROCKED!
Next up at conference, Advocacy Strategy session
Hormel Historic Home: Post master was known for his humor
And free IDs don't address the problem of taking time off from work and spending money on gas (if you have a car)
I need to tweet more on here <3
getting a lot of airtime today. Go Fritzy!
Watching War Horse. This movie is terrible. Predictable story and I really don't care for any of the characters. :(
Wof sucked ass
Mildly enjoyed the forced vacay by mother nature this week.
Re: Scandal the tv show: apparently there is enough gin in the world to enjoy this show. Who'd thought?
I really think he would of put out a dance song or something if he were still alive
Venture philanthropy -- Rockefeller effect?
Guitars and drums today ^_^
A man is not an orange. You can’t eat the fruit and throw the peel away.
And now to see what all this talk is about...
Did a great fucking job
I hadn't realized it until your tweet, but the characters have almost overshadowed the authors in my brain. :)
They will be Ragin Cajuns roamin in da Bourbon Street tonight.
Upper 30's tonight with decreasing clouds. Spring like day tomorrow as #RVA will experience temperatures in the low 60's. #diditjustsnow?
I love you too(:
Snow falling on the west side. Reports of sticking in Forest Grove.
Yes people. I am biting the callouses on my hands. It's called
NBA Pistons Game Alert: At the end of the third the Pistons lead the Kings 97-81. Rodney Stuckey has 33 points.
The Roadhouse at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse is avail for rent on 9.19. Contact a Sales Coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
Just a few short hours are between me and making my Corona cupcakes!
PLEASE GO ON TWIT CAM.! WE LOVE U
Boston about to lose
Always remember your roots, while also embracing your current situation.
Join the beer club and get your tasting free tonight. Beer tasting kicks off at 7pm-8:30pm. 5 great beers, paired with cheese for only $15.
*BLOCKED* RT : I have a confession to make. I wore a puka shell necklace my first few years of college.
nice video, thanks!
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory. I hope there's no pop quiz.
I'm not sure what you're saying. It's a confusing message written in code. But I think you are trying to say, "drink up, Johnny!"
Our new mattress just arrived, so freaking excited! We went with the Simmons NxG 300 Plush King. Duxiana lost out, so did Stearns & Foster.
kids these days bro, they're just stupid! It's hilarious
The did the Super Moon create any new Smurfs?
I'm really over The Weeknd
Does anyone have any experience with the programs in Japan, China, etc to teach english for a year or two? Wondering what your opinion is
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
My telephone :D your freakn amazing!!!!
- Thank you very much for the #FF shout-out -
a tradition unlike any other“: Wonder if Jim Nantz will get in another subtle, family/wife dig at Tiger if Phil wins the Masters
thanks for the follow. Eat, drink, and be merry friends ;)
Some of the graduates on Glee will be featured from New York. Oh no...Lea Michele singing in the streets of the Big Apple!
Congratulations on all of your academic success! ^bw
Every Man Needs A Women When His life Is A Mess Because Just Like A Game Of Chess; The Queen Protects The King...
Its here! Stop in from 6pm -9pm to our Kusudama Beauty & Wellness party! See you there!
You must be fucking high.
It's WANTED WENSEDAY
very true! RT : Successful People are generous and kind. They take pleasure in helping others achieve.
Hard to find any faults with SMT: Strange Journey so far. Great challenge and very addictive gameplay.
lol...hi again Mr.Taylor, Men, though well meaning compare spiritual with the physical and the spiritual loose the power.
Thanks for sharing our handout.
Shit hate when you misspell tweets...Especially if you thought they were clever
There's some homonormativity flying 'round my twitter feed today re: #gaytax. Seems like some want a seat at the heteronormative table…
Easter cupcake ....who needs some!?!
#SteelerNation you know wassup Glamour can't exist w/o personal social envy being a common & widespread emotion AR 4 LoLa Monroe
Had fun at DC
Thanks! RT Week's update welcome LegalShield's
#VAWA Klobuchar remembering Sen. Wellstone: "we can no longer stand by and say it is someone else's problem". What are we waiting for?
ahhahah them money makin bitches got me sayin the hell?
that's well beautiful <U+263A> x
FOLLOW ME MAYBE PLEASE!!!
One of the greatest teachers I ever saw.
Russell Wilson and Matt Flynn are trending.
For all of you wasted hooligans that pub crawled all over Milwaukee, all day, may you get home safe! Cabs are cheap.
Ugh! greeaat... thanks for the heads up... *sigh* as if i didn't have enough to deal with already.
FML RT : A woman will spend about 3500 days of her lifetime menstruating.
Actually I changed my mind, I don't like fish.
Definition of : (noun) Not your average joe. Syn: Greek God ; Bees knee. Ant: Loser,
Excited For New Jonas Album 14
I said that too.
Fav this if you got an iPhone.
you guys i'm getting so pumped to watch 5 different live blogs of the apple event
#L1C4 Im trimming up my line beard, putting on my Curve cologne & heading out to 4th street 2 celebrate with some Crown Royal
Any #screenwriters and #filmmakers in #Philadelphia bored like i am and want to create something for fun?!?!?
how do u know how many tweets you've sent?
Wait! I didn't kno niggas confess to murders on twitter....wtf!
send me the beat
just noticed your bio - I'm a Loki worshipper - my dog is named Loki ;-}
On our way to the new haven lawn club!
thx for the RT a few days back - been swamped!
just talk to and let's get a weekend set. is also in for Vegas
How was your food? Would love to hear about it :)
Thanks for feedback. Also, does "hypertext" feel more intimidating than "electronic literature" to people new to the idea?
Smart. Maybe if I can wrangle them I will. I'll get the details from - you have an email with those, right Em?
Ha! That's awesome, it should definitely be a blog.
romney has many home(s) states.
The noise of the water flowing through the radiators was comforting, but the banging? So scary.
SO HAPPY AAAAHHHH
has EXACTLY 666 tweets at the moment! +10,000 points for that!
noo thanks ill pass
Brandi Montoya defeats Natalie Roy via unanimous decision!!
nice job! That's next door to the rock climbing gym I go to!
go catch him on Hudson and Christopher! he looked sleepy enough for an easy kidnap ;)
I'm gonna miss you too! Funny thing is that I'm not actually moving out yet but I started thinking about it and got sad lol.
I need something to do tonight !
Take me to the 50's.
FRIDAY NIGHT! UP & UNDER PUB! VOTE FOR US! Help 215 get to a Summerfest Main Stage Slot. Vote Anytime between 9pm and 1:30am See Us Perform!
oh hey ramon figured it out. one time.
I hate feelings
Dunno what AO is but we need to talk. It seems everything other than what I got done fell through last week. I need news.
So many good movies coming out when I get home!! Gonna need a date any takers???
comment by Fotis Jannidis suggests 3 levels: text instances, schemas (classes of instances), meta-meta-models (XML, etc.)
hey, you still able to come on the show to chat and consume malt liquor tomorrow? I hope so!!
What a beautiful day for some folk music !!
Big time, dude. There's two outs in the 9th now, and Sano is on deck. Really hope he gets another shot.
I am going to watch Breaking Bad until my eyes bleed.
Joe Biden doing twitter interview tomorrow. Sounds risky. Is this where he sticks foot in mouth so bad that Hillary gets the VP nod?
