then how will it be?
Wanted Houston (thought it would be easier for Pats) but Arian Foster is a beast!
my favorite is "don't you dare call me crazy!!"
Hello Suze I watch you on QVC often, the Women Empowering Women sounds to be very interesting. Do a great job!
tapa the world?
7 fouls to 1? Heat leading in that category.
Seems to be a disconnect there.
I take it you didn't enjoy the Dunkin' Donuts Artisan bagels?
Gotta try the chicken flatbread RT : in the drive thru 4 Taco Sunday! Lol! I'll work it off in the gym 2mor!
click the little box next to the follow button.
Coming to VIVA MEXICO? Enjoy food, drink, music, dance and costumes of Mexico. Explore art and culture in four museums. See mingei.org.
You need to stop twitter stalking.
there shall never be a per-day limit on the best snack food in the entire universe
Recently attended a free Job hunting webinar courtesy of ALA's LLAMA.
I think snobbery is my new #1 top peeve. Here's hoping that helps me drive it out of all areas of my life.
I'm thinking about going off the rails... on purpose...
You got my vote.
Bitches too clingy.
Cannot believe my prom group fell apart just like that
#OnlyInSanFrancisco do you walk into Salvation Army and they are playing a album.
So true! RT : "Students can be successful if you give them opportunities to be successful." Arne Duncan #Momcon2012”
45 years ago OBAMA was still EATING DOGS, FRYING his BRAINS on DRUGS, and PUSHING girls a few years later...
Get $10 off a $40 meal at the Prado restaurant when you bring in your receipt from the #Titanic Exhibition April 9-15!...
Graduating from culinary school on March 7th. Best 6 months ever at the Institute of Culinary Education!!!!
Almost back to alaska
I have a terrible feeling this might be a game of bad ref calls.
Will be quite odd not seeing Pat Summitt on the Tennessee women's basketball sidelines next season. Sending her good thoughts.
lets have our sleepovers again <3.
Drink more
Like the world's greatest couch, Our Hero is always comfortable.
RT : "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. " ~Einstein
Currently talking to Peixoto's agent, asking the tough questions. All for you
Q3 Closed stacks may be old school, but they work for our library and collections
MT : #Fundraising events can get new donors in the door, but you have engage them to keep them coming back.
Fuck bitches get money.
Nobody is perfect so you hating isn't worth it
the nfl has actually convinced you that the draft is exciting television.
Its 945 and all i can think of is sad things. Make it stop.
If she wasnt special ed, I would of beat the shit outta her !
why are you quoting things from like back in myspace.. RT : Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
lol. Whatchu know about the Oak Cliff??
How many entries today? I am trying to gauge how early I need to arrive tomorrow. Thanks.
i hope you mean #howtopleaseahoodrat bc i can think of nothing more me than that!
American Family lays off 87, Hostess to lay off 184. Forward?
Hi Barry great stuff! let me know if you want to talk SB!
'fraid I can't, little miss. I'm picking the next one! ;-)
Thanks Ben!
RT : yes i know these cleats are wornout & there is a hole starting to form. but how can i give them up? they're like my kids
hahaha I know im sitting on a plane hearing them argue
The latest on the tricky weather situation on the CBS 58 News at Noon.
Man I dont like watching depressing ass shit when Im high.
So true. LOL
yeah! Let's do it! Tomorrow works for me ha
I imagine that woman thought: "Sorry to fall on you but if I didn't stand here & not hold on to this bar I'd never make it out at my stop!"
Sorry to everyone who isn't laughing their asses off at my fucking picture hack. Screw you whoever passed that bullshit.
Congrats for being selected into Governors School
ey I sent you a text
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead (;
I hope OKC beats the lakers just so I can rub it in Anthony's face & piss him off.
#raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
lol I answered u this time. <U+E056>
Waiting in line to become roughly a half billionaire
Mildenhall: Three teenagers arrested following BB guns scare - East Anglian Daily Times
Accustom yourself continually to make acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul. ~ St. Teresa of Avila
no kidding! How do you do stand by?! It's reprehensible. "I should have done more" um, YEAH. and maybe saved other kids from that
Not at all. Lee's birthday too. No idea how it still exists either. Much less as paid holidays for state workers
stop it. stop it now.
come to Houston!!
Day 2 Film Producing conference
You had me @ $2 in Boston:) This is how we do it @ the Shamrock...$2 bud light bottles, Red Sox, Dj, &
Hey nerds: Is the blue man group a bunch of rubbish Dr. Manhattans?
Maybe one day they'll let you pump your own gas in Jersey, that may help with the lines :-)
I find it okay to question things.
#lasttimetheheatwon.."Lil Kim was still relevant"
Never heard of it. I'd say Kentucky Gentleman or Heaven Hill is the worst I had.
1 trains are killing me today
Made it to Nebraska! Kickin it tonight with , , , and
Ohh *wipes forehead* lmfao I was about to say o.o
way to be productive! I played golf with dad and took a nap! Why was conference awesome?
#librarians, is it better to slow down/take a break from grad school to get more experience in libs or just go ahead and graduate asap?
That's for sure! RT : Easter: top 2 holiday in candy sales and embarrassing outfits :) #photoalbums. Have a Good Friday.
just uploaded this app on my computer.
Come get our Featured Gas Grill @ our Maple Road location or order it online!
Shelf Stiffener is used to reinforce a standard shelf in the longitudinal direction when increased shelf load capacity is required.
#CIO Quote of the Day from Brent Stacey: at Idaho Natl Lab "Management is a career; leadership is a calling. "
I sent some nice flowers with choccies :) Her Birthday is in a few weeks too... totally spoiled mum!
not in hadoop but hive and hbase are going somewhat in that direction
Yup, had to put the air conditioner on today!
thanks for the mention:) Have a good Monday.
When considering a Mother's Day dinner for yo mamma, remember - she'll appreciate the coq au vin. Trust me on this one.
Early Friday. Heading to Bay City tomorrow night so I can ride up with family. Sad to be missing The Avengers :(
uh huh,, u was on da other line with some Nigga
why is there someone in their 70s in my History class? All of her coughing is very concerning. Please don't die in class.
Think like a man.
Got a cool, new video to show in a bit. It's rendering presently, and then I need to upload it to youtube. Stay tuned.
Ranting an getting ready to head out or just ranting?
And now pigs are here
how can you be hungry and have to poop at the same time???
lol.. Bro you can meet somewhere though and I got u.
right.lol. 2 years ago +,but I could never forget it!
I'm just a stick figure with a happy face attached
There is no excuse for being out in public in curlers, but most especially not when one is shopping . WTF?
Hail video from Nebraska earlier tonight is wild, looks like an inch of snow on the ground
Lasley settles down after a rough start and orchestrates a 1-2-3 inning of his own for St. Xavier. Trinity still ahead 3-0 after 2 innings.
Woke Up Late -.-
“: Do something every single day that scares you.” seriously love this quote
Aaagh my favorite bar for avoiding Superbowl is having a Superbowl party. Why #Burnhearts why??
well played, but everyone knows what he's there for, energy and good d. If you watched the games you could see the imporvement on O
Thanks for the list love!! :)
boring saturday.
steve bergen is here! 33 hours...
So great!!
I had that last Thursday at It was fantastic. Perfect summer beer.
So greatful to live in San Antonio and its crazy but lovely weather.
OMG!! We had pervs. at my soccer game looking at our asses and they were 19 or 20 and we are 13-14!!!
black bean soup w chorizo is very healthy without the sour cream high in fiber, high in C & iron, low in calories!
We're talking about the BBC series and not the movies, right? If so, it's worth it.
In west Philadelphia, born and raised! On the playground, is where I spend most of days! take it away Niall! ;D ~~
sorry you had a long day i would have done whatever it took to get you out of the elevator
He does & it's creepy! “: I gotta say this guy from the Queen Extravaganza REALLY sounds like Freddie Mercury...”
Has there ever been a week worse than this in #Mariner history?
Powernap while diablo 3 installs and gotta wait til 3 for servers to come on
RT : They're making Twilight: the Musical. Now we finally understand why the Mayans booked us for 2012.
Through July 17th mention coupon code "5forJuly" receive an additional 5% off our already low prices on solid prefinished hardwood flooring!
sorry for the site tonight w got home late. My sons first tball game
I'll take Hopslam. Although I haven't had Hopzilla before.
Im not n asshole, i jus DON'T GIVE A FUK ALOT
Learn to seek Gods face and not his hand because when u learn to seek Gods face his hand will always be open
Yes, yes, yes .. I know ... Forgive me my Tweeps -- for I have failed to tweet for a while! I'm just taking it easy! :) No worries! xo
We're talking with Watergate-era White House counsel John Dean.
Some people drive like they wanna die...
I think I'm going to make an RC float, and dipped strawberries. (: Oh, this sounds good.
I LOVE MY LIFE!!!!!! #Balthazar #terrorpigeon check back for updates!!!!
#iLoveWhenYou say u love me.
shhhhhhhhhhhhh. Don't tell nobody!
will def check out your blog. Looking forward! F.
. This is why I still think there is viable stuff in a literature circle approach. If teacher's in loop.
Sore throat and frustration. Well, these are new to me.
Ohh hey sexy college boy in my living room with a broken knee.
Boys you have no idea how much better you can make a girls day by just talking to her.<3
oh, you lucky son of a gun; ) i'm being a total wimp about this, but ugh! just don't wanna do it.
If I had a gun.... Well let's just be glad I don't have a gun...
Last real sale was January. After 9 months, I just have to admit that no one is buying.
Please follow us Holocaust & Intolerance Museum of NM combats hate & intolerance & promotes understanding through education
Thanks for the follow Louis!
dark man. super dark.
Does that just mean you bought an extra case of high life?
We're ready. Not sure what for yet, but we're ready.
They planned to meet at the theater then move to painting. I'll check & share an update next wk.
You should keep any documents that have an impact on your tax return for three years.
cool! Tees run $10 a pop
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs****
Heard a few good responses. Pitt and Mizzou seem like good fits. After recent battles, I'd like to see #Badgers vs. K-State regularly
I wish you every desire you have ever wanted; and most of all I wish today is the happiest day of your life.
I'm too lazy to search for beer, so it's iced tea for now. Any of your non-creepy listeners can deliver me beer though.
If anyone knows where I can get some cheapish dublin boots in size 5 then let me know:) x
any updates on when the Web Books are available?
Class act Panther fans throwing shit on the ice
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 While you're here, enjoy a Segway tour of our city! With show pass $10 off! 312-552-5100
Why yes, We shall dine in the finest of grills this afternoon, the Thai Grill on Granville. I hope to impress thee, Lady De.
aw you have a sad face or ying yang in your username yOURE SO FUCKING ORIGINAL IT HURTS
Love the song Million Bucks of the
One of Boston's best days of the year today with the #marathon and #redsox! I loved running as a #bandit in '99. Stay hydrated runners!
Goodnight Makyla :D
4 kids, 400 miles. Great weekend camping, but time for rest
When your tummy's feeling funny and your ass is hot n' runny.
It's called pulling a "Harvick"!
cool. I was born in La Ceiba, Honduras
yup, they sound great but no one up here has ever heard of them.
about to dj this birthday party!!!!
Cleaning closets today... Who knew women could own so many shoes and WBA-sized title belts?
Try "You Are Everything" by The Stylistics, or "Voyage To Atlantis" by The Isley Brothers. Classic R&B.
AHAHAHA I know! so um I saw you when I was leaving the rec center, we were the car with What Makes You Beautiful blaring....
Loyola/Fairfield has been 47-44 forever now with 7 seconds to go. No overtime please!!!
BWW went from 45 cent wings to 50 cent <U+E40E>
EVERY word you hear or speak every day is either giving life or bringing death.
please follow mee:D
Thanks! That'd certainly make me walk a little taller. How's training going?
My new volunteer has more talent and experience in his thumb than I ever will. Here's to being a great recruiter...?
Life's just one big awkward moment.
Oh really bitch? Thought you weren't hungry. lololol.
i how you'll get better jason <3 <3
The fact that it's 2012 and not every politician has jumped on the "equal marriage for all bandwagon" is why I stay away from politics.
You know you're busy when you haven't looked for 3 days...
where do you think tomorrow ranks in biggest games of bo ryans Wisconsin tenure? Top 5?
enjoyed our conversation today about and Did I miss anyone? Ok 1 more
Boardwalk Empire is so good. I can't wait for the new season. Also, I'm trying to figure out wtf is going on in True Blood.
for sure u are! welcome! xx
"I feel like I look so cute in the water!" I am in love with your show!!
Find it hilarious if your means to tweeting is your mobile device that doesn't work but you.manage to still tweet
#thank you agree completely
yessir here now call me
I hate lound talkers!
Miss my #better half.....
You could potentially escalate it from there if need be!
I love kids tho , and when I have my own kids I'm going to be the best mom EVER !
Apparently Tom Brady is the TRUE choosen one.
Really wish people could just take things for what they are and not read into things!
What a great group! So excited
up now team
Four hours of menstrual nausea. Fun.
girl: Hey, I got some super good news. me: Is it about One Direction? girl: No. me: Than get out my face, Loser!
ice cold.
I use to beat it up while she dance to the tune
Pride, commitment, teamwork--words we use to get you to work for free.
thank you bro! (:
I'm not givig you a bj, but meh nothing really...you princess? if nothing and u want a girl drinking partner I'm done
TGIH -- Thank the Gods and Goddesses I'm Heathen! (On Friday and every day!)
I think it would be a good match up... Neither team gets all the calls
I'm liking the Spotify thingy.....:-) making a half bad day...better!
who is this ? hilarious.
He told me he was real bt i neva thought he was...lol...
Oh, the Places You'll Hear About!
Happy Birthday
Not MY dog. #barkstoomuch // Take Your Dog To The Office And Stress Less
thanks for the great event; met so many interesting entrepreneurs!
My biggest problem is that I believe almost everything I tell myself
friends, I DIDNT HAVE A DATE & it's okay lol
Apparently I'm not the first! Yes, that's what she said!
You guys were rad tonight. CA love!
oh my god
Been on the roof.
#SaySomethin is an awesome song I love it (: <3
-___- you know before the ;*
Good morning, Baltimore!
This game is fucking insane. Seeing Crosby mouth "pussy" on camera....my clothes are off.
cheap at what cost? their model is a bait and switch. only looks cheap. with the add ons they cost same as the major carriers.
Big inning
Its a sunday no cussing needed lol as madea wuld say
Having great catch up convos! Gonna miss being around club room ;(
Vote for for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love to win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
she so perfect for you, why wouldnt you have feelings for her?
Have 5 more hours in the airport. Cool. And only one free hour of wifi. Someone just shoot me now please.
RT : Scripture of comfort:: I sought the Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears -Psalm 34:4
Wrong. Exactly the opposite.
To move out of lothrop or stay...
Unfortunately, my allergies have become so outrageous that I left the actual painting of the tree to my sister. Hopefully it'll turn out.
Do you really need to ask? If not blackout level then at least offend the hostess level.
really does
Learn how to search for registered #trademarks using the Trademark Electronic Search System today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Yay! Just realized, im finally at 300! I really hope it goes up, not down. (':
on the way to #drupalcon with as part of the Promet Gold sponsor team
Hey Boston fans... Feeling #cockyandbitter on mothers day? Eat a cheesesteak!
It seems that pimpnosis and hip-hop culture is an influence...what draws you to rap culture as a medium?
I miss Frank the Pepperoni Cannoli Guy. Brady ain't the same without him.
Shit...I just referred to Chicago as home......I don't know how I feel about that.....
Oh, Wady. RT In the criminal justice system, a dirty anus is considered especially heinous.
That sums it up right there...you live by the three...and die by it....
Yep! Follow EPL and La Liga. Season ticket holder to MLS Sounders FC here in Seattle....
Trees that have been planted within the last three years need to be watered three times a week. Old trees can be 2X month
confused bout what? i mean i don't need nudes. I mean having a friend to talk to is good. u having man issues or friend issues?
If i played runescape id be like bong making lvl82
Good Day Mates!
and massage cuz my back and my inner legs are hurtting lol
Barrier 1 to faculty engagement - I don't have time.
love the socks.
Newt is proud of expanding govt. Mitt hearts regulations. They are both proud of paying taxes. This is a Republican debate?!
Common sense is not so common. Voltaire
The bible is not responsible for any atrocities. People are responsible. The Bible is a message of Gods love thru Jesus Christ.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $12 Lg Pizzas any toppings..WOW! 414-762-8866
Ha. Pretty good.
hello Marina(:
Victory sent The Bunny The Bear for me to preview, proving once & for all that Brummel believes there is no such thing as bad publicity
The anger and emotion was missing in the Glee version
I have been twenty for a whole month.... what?!
Just watched a live taping of
we have changed the policy of our online program. for those brands already locked in with us all will remain the same.
Mastering Pinterest (so much fun) at AuthorU
Black Keys enter to Wu Tang Clan. Quality.
The people with "how may I help you" buttons r ready to assist! Don't forget buses stop running at 5:30 & start again at 9:30
Happy New Year! wishing you all a healthy and prosperous 2011......planned the work, now working the plan!
Okay okay, I am glad I always have you. <3 btdubs, it's green.
Walked creepily close to some very well dressed business men just to hear them continue to speak in their beautiful British accents
It's just that UGLY part of ME .....
Just downloaded the free tracks off your site. Really great stuff, guys. Look forward to hearing more.
I'm coming to cascade with my truck covered in sticky notes !
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
is my mom pregnant again???? oh no!!!
Our usual dough is vegan, but the gluten free has eggs. Our soy cheese has casein, but right now we have a limited time vegan opt.
Time for some Monday Trivia!!! How many roses do you think went into to making the World's Largest Bouquet?
I guess we are also at peak Cameron. We are definitely in the late Scott period, Prometheus' potential badassness aside.
Sure, let's sidebar this conversation for later.
Welcome to SD, hope you brought a coat!!
hey ;) tweet me im really bord
happy easter.
babe if you wanna talk you start it off cuz im not going to give u the time u don't deserve
ond of them is for NYU's web privacy tech incubator, PRGLab - tell all your hacker friends about it!
Vols Needed @ Bar-Code, Das Ethiopian, Mourayo & Tonic @ Quigley's. On 4/26 raise funds & have fun. Can u help?
I think Bronson Pinchot should be cast as Abed's father on
The way Austin's voice goes high in #SaySomethin. Sex.
Finding it soo hard to wait to find out about this job. Kinda like a kid on Christmas- that's how much I'd LOVE to get it!!
I'm a fan of the Palace Cafe. Nice and close to the hotel. Great food.
Such a shame someone had to murder selena.. she was Freaking awesome
#IKnowThisOneGirl whos a major fag and has no friends<3
Need to be on the beach already! #onemoreweek<3
I have the worst luck ever....I missed them when they came in the Summer and now that they have a billion fans here I can't even see them
Danny Granger and Paul George getting they asses locked up...........
I would totally go but I'll be in Vegas.
What's up Tony?
What happened?
“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.”<U+2015> Thich Nhat Hanh
Yes Bitches, Miley owns 2012 :)
Is it just me or is always hungry?
I feel like the only person severely underwhelmed by it.
Just shook hands with in Dupont Circle. This Friday is looking good.
her jet blue flight from Boston was supposed to land @ 7ish last night. Around 6:30 they were told they were going to LB.
where to? How was ryan's party?
haha I'd say the heat are the golden team.
Always a blast getting together with other curious, innovative journalists. Madison is rich with thoughtful pros!
went good! Decent weather and a lot of heart being shown. Some young guns stepping up.
It was great meeting yesterday! We are so excited you love LetsListen! Thank you so much for the support.
#familyalways will be here for you dad
going to SD this weekend to see my family!
Haha RT : shoulda punched that news guy in the eye.... Haha he was being a bully himself
the song is playing now=]
Couldn't make it until two, or noon on Thurs.
FSMB’s new policy favors the use of opioids for long-term pain management, despite an epidemic of painkiller abuse and addiction.
At the vet with my dog who just had a seizure...he's too fat.
Matt, i think the new iPad does not offer enough to compel me to leave my iPad2. Photo and graphics people will enjoy it.
thank you :)
Spent a couple of days with the on the bus tour this weekend. Great crowds!!! Nov. 8 should be a good day
I don't gunplay cuz I don't play wit.gunz trynna find out where I stay bitch I stay wit gunz ! I'm on my Waka shit love them gun sounds!
Why are we awake?!
What You Want..In My Pants xD
I like that! RT Heard this at a recent TEDx event "cover bands don't change the world" so be passionate, unique, original
hey rob! thanks for reading. do you go back and visit la often?
Nbd. My Geometry teacher just did the worm in our classroom...<U+E00E>
Mind sex??
85 degrees here in Chicago.
LET'S FIGHT!
it all cancels out though. i get my smiles from a reliable source.
take it easy on the jello shots
Hardware. We work on a right budget so I have to fiddle a lot to make up for the equipment we have.
has a girl friend and I believe does as well but I would just die in an exploding fire if did
thanks for the follow, i love traveling too!
I was going to wear my jeans today, but then I realized that my belt was already on my khakis from yesterday. So much for becoming a doctor.
I have a new favorite show! #PrisonBreak is amazing! Can't stop watching it!
- Bcuz some of those songs, your vocals are waaaayyy too loud... u will have a hard time getting ppl to listen 2 it..
I knew I was missing something <3
haha they know that I'm a funny guy.
Awful night in #NY sports..
Stuck by the longest train ever. Grrrr
that song is stupd
A great part about corporate work is getting business advice from some of the best during their keynote presentations!
Haha swag! RT : I would totally rock world baby
Who wants a S/O?
i dont even know how to work this stupid shit tweetings fucking stupid as hel might as well just fucking txt
S/O to for letting me know what fake kicks are. Crazy to think that I'm 225 pairs deep and he just taught me the difference.
another printout pickup.
Im very sexually frustrated rite now >_<
Awesome day in #Chicago! How 'bout some blueberry or raspberry fro yo? They'll make you think of spring-promise:)
WHAT IS IT??? Nothing is that cute! IS THAT YOURS??? My voice in my head sounds totally like a Katie Pengra bit right now! e!
Loved #Awake too. Hope busy Jason Isaacs will still do Season 2 of
Springbreak went by way to fast. Back to school tomorrow...sadly.
The creative challenges will be greater than most people ever get to see in a lifetime
Ass shots
Tell your wife she should have taken Closing Time! Tweet us your worst #hangover story for a chance to win a free sample ;)
Mo and his YOLO
Nice meeting you! Laughed a lot-they were funny! Let us know when you're in LA!
Hell yea.. its where its at... im going to link up wit em.. you shuold come down 2
Roasting jalapenos from the garden for a spicy chocolate stout truffle! Very Excited!
Oh goodness I can't sleep!!
Beautiful day out :)
happy sabbath!
RT Want 15 stories of PURE EXHILARATION?! Save ur spot for Breathe Extreme Challenge to fight lung disease: www.lungsrus.org
THERES PART 7! look at my last tweet!
It's 2 many ppl I know up here
Now , lets go make a couple babies and alot of money
Phillies got the early lead.
We come in all shades Soledad and it sounds as if Jesse is still out of touch with reality! I wish he'd just hush or retire already!
i'm really concerned about moscow's drinking ;)
Please confirm that kids (10 and under) eat free at your restaurants on Mondays & Tuesdays. Thanks so much!
Now don't get me wrong there are way to express how you feel tastefully; but in the heat of the moment you just let it out
Twitter elites discussing scandinavian election often offline elites, twitter used as one-way medium and
say wha?!? Absolutely. There's moose here too. And the duggars. It'd be a fun vacation!
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
jeez whats with your speed (GODLY) typing speed XD
Im soo happy now don't ever look back <3
RT tonight and Sat 7pm (w/ Porterfield's first feature HAMILTON), introduced by Beth & Adam from
Tonight don't miss the awesome tribute to the police '3 Non Cops' and rocking covers from Talon and Punchbox in West Chicago
your link doesn't work :(
Printing business cards, postcards and a bunch of school materials today. We're #WINNING that's for sure!
Lots of word games this morning to break down shyness and prompt creative verbalization. What kinds of games do you use in your classroom?
#wecanallagreethat a horse is a horse
never been to Roscoes… I want to try it though!
I'm eating everything in my grasp. I have a plethora of family there. No diet restrictions when I'm there.
can you share that recipe?
please follow back?!
I've looked like shit for the past 6 hours.
Glad the sun is out after a fresh morning!
where u was at?
Sunday Fun Day! Follow us on Twitter at FastFixPhoenix!
MegaUpload mega oh no
The Voice is actually really good
Devil #tarot card can signify that we want more than need. The Hanged Man reveals what must b sacrificed. What will you find in the cards?
my white grandfather used to say that.
one of the best parts of my junior year was getting close to again. it's hard to find real true friends like her.
I'm thinking of getting it.... Idk yet
He is reading notes!
paid you say, eh? subject studies about what?
is really craving captin crunch berries and i dont have any :|
Tonight DRESS TO IMPRESS & join us at KREMLIN as we do a live Photoshoot ! No cover for all locals!:) *free parking for everyone
Netflix gets worse every month. I think I will cancel soon.
“: . $1B to whom? Which company?” So he didn't give away 1 billion in tax breaks?
so much on my mind right now : /
Couldn't be happier. When is the last time Duke lost in the first round?
Great points on Stem Cell Research!
so he is on Leno and Fallon tonight???
to I'm tryin to learn twitter lol this is from my phone hit me up so I know u got this
Have a great first day!!!!!
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life. ~Jack Kerouac
What's Up ?
Charles Barkley on Atlanta: "We’ve seen this…five years in a row. The movie ends the same; they all drown.”
After it came out Dennis Miller said they were already working on #6. "They're calling it Star Trek 6: The Apology."
Laird made do shots with him. Its the annual foundation fundraiser, it was really lovely. I hope they raised money for the cause
RT Brookhaven Farmers Market Pint Selection: Raspberry White Chocolate Crisp, Bourbon Burnt Sugar, Mango Chile Lime,..
hm that's funny, because when you were 3 came out with "word of mouf" but you've been rapping longer? Dumb af
What's 1 of Boston's fastest growing nonprofits? This morning we skyrocketed to more than 4 thousand Boston Volunteers. Excited! :) Pls RT!
RT - Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get.
Hope Bisi is ok.
you will be able to make great desserts & U are going to get one everyday of the year along with you Daily Inspirations
Without further ado, here a list of records that are 15 years old, aka the soundtrack of my 21st year, in order of release.
thanks, Matt!
yay !!! My favorite YnR star is on Twitter !!!!
Most of the drama that happens at school is the underclassmen, I'm graduating soon soo I could care less at this point
I just got carded for being a spectator in a casino. I know someday it'll be a compliment, but c'mon, I've been over 21 for years now.
Pretty plain that multiple selves are here and tweeting at each other.
Peace out Buffalo! Sitting next to and on the plane...
ha no like watching one
im so up der dat i cant look down
where's the love for KJelly's birthday?
Just cheated my butt of on that test lol
I love the smell of freshly cut grass. : D
Having some fun with decorative metal... new products for the home AND another new buckle coming soon!
Not to mention that it feels like -5 degrees outside! UGH!
bonus points if the monkey can also operate the blender.
practice practice practice.. big show on Friday at The Bitter End (aka Lady Gaga's stomping grounds).. come hang and party after!!
who should i follow
Gaddafi you gave too little, too late. Now you're giving too much to your people. Take your 180 billion, your sons, and go.
sounds like a recipe for trouble.
Perfume? Perfume: The Sequel?
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Can't wait to check it out!
once again our defense is lacking. thought we had somehting.
You're welcome! Summer should be fun. The movies are set and they're finalizing the bands now.
I can't believe you still haven't been able to resolve this!
Reading the story of terrorism in swat valley
My (awesome) mom and i roadtripped for 12 hours this weeken and i love her more than ever!
GOOD MORNING. HOW IS EVERYBODY? AWESOME HOPEFULLY.
We just finished filming "Unveiled Corners of GSEA!" The video will be up this Friday!
#drupalcon #ux Module list page squanders a lot of real estate with the unused right column.
it's a Honda commercial. Of course it's stupid.
Girl at taco bell just handed me my food and told me to "have a taco-tastic day" ....wtf bitch lmao
what about thomas mustac? ;D
. did they think the irresponsible Germans would never understand the value of hard money?
5,000 liters of water to feed each person, each day
by accident. Ha I was pig through all the people who follow me and pushing unfollow haha idk I was confused. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
a little harsh, no?
I noticed that. Advice: abandon all hope.... :-)
Baby,Talk is cheap.
Reports of police massing at Calif Capitol as education protests drag on. Palomar students in Sac to protest fee hikes should be gone now
Girls are beautiful
Good morning & welcome! Thanks for the introduction,
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally. Chris Widener
"twitter that shit"
Too many papers? Go through one desk drawer or file cabinet a day until you're only left with the important papers that you actually need!
Columbus mass-murdered the native americans and now were better people and that we wouldn't be this advanced if they didn't
Just Tellinn you so if you get a Unfollow you know why.
My job has made me a repeat offender of exclamation point overkill!
Its funny what life brings you and the people that comes into your life!!
Thanks to all Our Twitter followers! There are now over 1000!!!
"Man, I need to get me one of them data curators." Avoid me-too-ism.
The awkward moment is when I put a wrong article in a sentence..then I'm in a hurry, needa remove it cuz I don't want anyone to read it!
Tripled up to 30k with aa
great to meet U all!
Another bus ride home, another lunch at the Union Station Bojangles.
What are you looking at getting?
Came back from the beach had the best time
Krispy Kreme in India sounds like a winning recipe to me.
"I'm THEIR PRODUCT. It's vital you sell me..."[bleep] [Performance has been removed because it violates the App Store TOS]
Good for Susan Komen! Those nasty knocked up whores should use a coat hanger that is MADE IN THE USA lol
i think when George Mikan was shooting free throws underhanded
Being dumped can be hard fortunately it was harder for her than it was for me this girl dumped me and she felt so bad bout it
Yeah. Not sure WJC helped much by saying what their line should be. Legitimately tough to figure out what ppl will respond to.
I am glad you had so much life together, and I am sorry you are now parted.
across town, must checkin and steal mayorship
“: I need some Sam-E in my life :) #CPS” sounds like you need something else. Haha
I am in the hospital !!! ): maybe for my appendix!! Wish me luck <3
I hung out with you more when you lived 30 miles from me vs 3! lol
It doesn't get any better than this, folks. Well, maybe.
Omfg its so hot outside
A promoter can be your best friend or your best enemy.
feel better!!! we'll have some hot tea ready for you!
Two days from Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call Friedens 414-289-6030 to register your team. Come out and have fun!!
GIRL! I almost ran! RT : Lmao! I bet yo a$s walked.across that stage
why don't we talk more about children as laborers in the modeling industry?
what about the nice things I say ? Lmao #wheresmycake? Lol
#Meditation to increase coherence in the body. The deep rest gained through #Transcendental Meditation to boost clarity, and creativity.
Thanks, Dorothy!! :)
I'd just dress up like Adorno and complain about kids and their low brow love of jazz (or brostep, ha!) the entire night.
Russell Westbrook sexy ass
correction i dont have the time to take it off...
We have to be fearless. We have to take chances. We can't live life just being afraid of what comes next. That's not what living is about.
3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching. 2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot 3.Now you're smiling
ok, i will. put it in a song! (just jokin)
#AustinMakesUsSmile <------- Trend It!(:
Wow on skype wit tha cousin
SAMMEH'S TWEETING, KODAK MOMENT.
Circumstances is What You Make Of Em
: I miss you and your mentality! Haha
#Bruins it has been almost 40 years since you won the cup & 20 since you made it to the Finals. Game 7, 3rd period 7.33 to go & SCORES 1-0!!
in this snowy weather, i think about winter for those in the camps, and how lucky we are to go from warm car to warm office to warm house.
Bro, I'm ready to get out of this room. Help me... :(
Your voice is my favorite sound, and your name is my favorite noun <3
I'm zabzuta u ass eating ass nigga
Even if Lakers/Heat amnesty Artest/Miller, either could only offer Ray Allen the $3 mil mini midlevel this offseason, barring trades.
#Weiner Sex Scandal ... Copywriter's dream ... Newscaster's nightmare
Maybe his so we can lay up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Great, Obama is out about his support. But what are you prepared to do about it oh fearless leader?
is that on right now?
Welcome Kid to Kid of Greenville, TX to our Bottle Snugglers retail team!
idk how im suppose to go shopping to be honest.. i knew this would happen -_-
does this #SPURS win & #1 seed mean that (to name a few) will finally acknowledge us?
You guys coming back to Chicago? If so, we'll help spread the word.
At Piazano's Italiano in Chicago...enjoying pizza and a pint...Headed back to TPA tomorrow afternoon.
LOL, I wonder who the other 3 are. Haha!
Welcome Public Safety Professionals!
studio session... staying productive is da key to success ... nothing comes easy...
You're Really Pretty ( : Please Follow lol
Don't be mad. We behaved on twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Boy: "Dad, I got a girlfriend!" Dad: "Nice! Atta boy son!!" Girl: "Dad, I got a boyfriend!" Dad: *loads shotgun* Haha
yep screw em
Worked up a appetite
wish you were with us!
still at palmetto ?
That one tweet got like 20 retweets doe.
Stars Are Blind is the shit.
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life. ~S.D. Gordon
First of all Steve shouldnt hit that un-contested 3. Second how we gon be up by 7 with 2min. to go and lose???? smh at my lakers
Yes!! Wine in kegs... and on tap. Called Jamber. 858 Folsom St. Opening in July!
absolutely, amen to that. :)
Ok, I should stop drunk tweeting
just get off in Solon, it's fine.
Goodmorting! We're all in our places with bright shining faces=)
Haha, that just made me chuckle.
I don't have favorites I can listen to anything as long as it's music aha(: and you?
see also :) RT : LoC and N. Taylor on stage to present Library of Congress updates
I'm fat
hahah who said that?
Keynote from at
Brad Porter is wearing his dad's jacket during post-game.
#teenwolf who will make it out alive? And human? I hope !
two major hands-1. After opening a bunch, I 3bet a mp raiser with QQ, dude int he SB cold calls, original raiser folds
I can't believe you're up at 4am! Its 7am in Miami, so that's my excuse!
cannot wait to have a boyfriend with whom i can wear matching aviators.
Thanks for RT'ing!
Hey! Thanks for connecting. Plz follow back.
im tryna get wasted if dis my last day lol
No!!! I'm so sorry to hear. Get lots of rest, & I highly recommend watching all 3 seasons of Community between naps.
cool can not wait!
taking a quick nap before another fun night! can't wait to see you!
good one!! Forgot about that....
The pieces are all falling into place...it's glorious!
Twitter just recommended I follow Adam Savage (). If you know me, then you know how funny that really is!
We loved them too!
I was gone come with Betty but she was not coming back the same day nf I had skewll u no I had to goo
And again, with the whole church bullshit; John 8:7 "If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her."
It's freezing in SEA right now. Why were you sleeping with the windows open???
Impeach Obama 2012! Join The National Campaign!: via I will post this everyday until Barack Obama is out of OFFICE !!!!
Always be thankful for where you are...Appreciate how God is working through you and be a leader to those who are looking for the light!
“Digital Hoarding: How Information is Suffocating Your Audience” Matthew Grocki,
No you can't be honest.
pliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss follow me answer
Lauren Tilton created video of her project. We are watching this now.
Happy New Year to all of our Jewish Friends! May there be peace in Jerusalem and a curse for those that want to move it. L'Shana Tova!
Myers-Briggs. Information: Do you prefer to focus on the basic info you take in or to interpret and add meaning? Sensing or Intuition.
4 my NY environmentalists: Waterkeeper Alliance observes anniversary of Clean Water Act Monday at the Matthew Marks Gallery
thank you!
Hey, you and Simmons are co-workers now, so keep it friendly
“I feel good about everyone I meet. All my relationships are healthy and nourishing.” -- Louise L. Hay (Powerful Thoughts)
GUYS, MATT SMITH IS ONLY 29. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
i love you!.
Remember when ignorantly defended the Penn state firing and then 2 weeks later his wife divorced him? Yeah, me either.
My 6 yr old and I just discovered the cactus we thought was the biggest in the world was fake and put there by the city to hide an ugly pole
which one lol
You know I'm right. I doubt you'll be married or anything. All you DO is make mistakes. You made another one after Ty left.
hint or hit?
#Sixers just burning #Celtics right now, up 43-32. Run and gun, baby.
RT : That's the beauty of Twitter! You can get a quicker response then thru general channels
oh my I bet lil jakey will have a nicer one
Hockey fights are just as cool as professional wrestling.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my timeline!!!
Thanks for the great #titlletalk !
Guess who won most unique chili at the WMSE Rockabilly Chili Contest! Hint: Black shirts with white trim. Boom!!
I am the queen of procastination
Keep calm and never leave the house without your inhaler.
Hassle of getting the key for it is deterrent. I'd bring in cocoa anyway, or cider. Not a coffee drinker. Thanks, though.
and by the way, you've created a monster. my poor facebook account is missing me right now
We're finally heading BACK to the studio on Thursday to record NEW MATERIAL, and be on the lookout for LIVE TRACKS from also!
82% of merchants unsatisfied with repeat business from new customers, though 45% of total would advertise again. goo.gl/mctUq,
God loves the Hell out of you! - DM
depends on the details, really. and the lawyer he'd be able to hire would bargain it down, surely.
I know. And if they don't bring Eben back, I'm done with this show! GAH
I love when you give me a handjob while driving, thanks ;)
#MyNOTtodolist Give up. Stop working towards my dreams. Settle.
I hate hangovers.
Headed to my neighborhood picnic
My parents are planning to see in Hershey this summer while I'm in Croatia... Is this really happening...?
That's so sweet he call you KiKi! LOVE!
Rep. Bobby Rush gets kicked off House floor for wearing a hoodie, but it's ok for Barney Frank to grace the floor with his sagging manboobs?
Why do I have an expensive taste in shoes?!?!
That's when you sink the empty net goal!
yea dats true..
Best decision America ever made. RT : Electing a rich kid trying to outdo his daddy worked out just swell the last time.
My washing machine tripped the circuit breaker. Now I'm concerned.
It's quite surprising, Although I'm more surprised that the Seattle Times still isn't reporting it.
I think needs her very own custom-made Floppets!
just got back from the opera with some good buddies. came home to the nuns harmonizing next door.
Yep. Sounds like fun. Brass sounds lovely.
This is just a terrible halftime performance. Why choose her?
oh poop. Sorry - I thought those dates were this week. Sigh.
Come on Giants. Keep it up
Another special today - Camaron Saltado (Peruvian Shrimp Stir fry). Very good!
you probably could here
My doctor left me a message today saying something about I have HPV. He's so strange. He should know I would never drive a foreign car.
Just got soaked.
silly tumblr and its feminist posts
Actually, the internet is just bad news in general today. Internet, I have had it with you!
Tonya Thomas very sad case. she worked w/my family member very nice. this is a case of no help in Fl. for difficult kids or 4 moms. RIP
It's exactly 3 days to the start of beer week at the Rubicon. Have you cleared your calendar?
Screened the DVD for some of the post people last night. Much relief from some of them who had seen the naked locked version.
Good luck!
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them.
is in Bulgaria, spending time with family.
I woke up still laughing about "think like a man" that shit is hilarious
Growing plants outside helps you appreciate the rain. The tomato babies are going to be happy today.
time for me to drown his pissy-ness out with music probs not leaving my room at all today except for food
your video isn't up any more. Can you send it to us again!?
Can anyone suggest where to find a new/used sandwich board? Perhaps someone would like to #donate to a #nonprofit? Thanks!!
#Itshardwhen you have to watch someone you love, with #braincancer, slowly die a little bit more every day.
we will see, three and out.
I've got to say that my man is absolutely gorgeous. I'm lucky that Matt made a sexy ass kid. <3
EEP! How much is it?
houston's <3
Baby Z is due two months from today.
pitching fail, hitting fail, and I'm banged up. Oh and Soriano.
lol you think so?
hi I'm Amanda, I forget we have never spoken aha! U r booked in with Stacey
so then ur aware how unintentional it was. He tried to jump by him, got caught. Penalty, incidental. That's it. Move on.
About to celebrate Fat Tuesday at Gentle Ben's. Anyone else in Tucson feel free to join. Just a $5 cover.
LOL idk who did wonder if it was more than one LOL
Every time I hear Luke Bryan on the radio I get excited!
You know u are from New Mexico when someone says "it's raining" & everyone runs to a window to see.
Well, poop. Another time, then. :-)
Awesome!! I should be around town. Too bad Spaghetti Warehouse closed :( How are your adorable boys?
I actually have a fairly free night, but there's no Brewers game. Good timing.
home today with the kids - 3 cheers for the serious problem of having to use up your vacation days by the end of the month
Winners were contacted Friday, will be announcing soon.
Payphone - Maroon 5 > It's Stuck In My Head D;
depends on the relationship. Dated for a couple weeks - no. Becomes yes at some point before "married for ten years"
Creating one more twitter. More for just myself and tweeting little song lyrics here and there. I'll be on both don't worry. :)
Question for #archives folk: Where is #OAI going? Will it be overktaken by #linkeddata ?
Respect for Hussey
brayden just spilled nail polish remover all over my blankie...fucker
Can music define us?
done and done!
Getting caught up on the convo with Doug Armato of UMinn Press last night on the #cunydhi stream
Dang I was going to tease you about that last one. xD
Thanks for the mention!
Never forget your Mahomies when you're in a relationship :')
Is it possible for your eyebrow to hurt? cuz mine hurts so bad right now for no reason. lol
Haha. Yes. You 2 are the only exceptions. Hey! You've been in Cartersville for weeks now and we haven't hungout. No bueno.
May you Rest In Peace....Ms. Etta James! At Last.
ANT meets WendyO?
hope you're able to enjoy it with no pain
With all of these warrior movies coming out, such as John Carter, they need to hurry up and make a film based on
Some vital plugins for your Wordpress event website: Eventspresso, Event Manager and WP Event Ticketing, to name a few.
OMG! I just found out I DID get the Serenity comic. Now I have to decide if I'm giving it to my nephew b/c of Star Wars or if I'm keeping it
Take a mOMent today to express gratitude to someone who has been a source of inspiration to you: a teacher, barista, great aunt, author.
Close. They "log off and listen."
And cozy. Fuzzy feet = m Saturday night! RT : It's classy.
Fine tune your skills. Work on your craft every day. Work on different aspects of singing - technique, rhythm, improvising and phrasing.
It's American Beer Day and we'll drink to that. Who's with us?
Thanks for the follows,
of course
Everytime I get a salad I look around the room, expecting praise and some sort of award for my self-discipline... No luck so far.
Excited about all the amazing #Italian women I've connected with through !
really hate what gambling does to society!
Saw The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo yesterday and going to go see War Horse today. Should be pretty good. Was looking forward to it
Hey dude thanks for the follow! I'm sure you're just as cool as your brother! Maybe even more? :P welcome to twitter!
American Airlines Labor Protest
Bet You Avoid Me ALL Day Tomorrow ..
you can use the free SpinCam iOS app. Works great
What's the reason of lying? Never gets you anywhere. So might as well tell the truth right?
DP?! What vintage?! please don't say 99!
I hate smart asses!
New Glarus on sale! Yeeeessssss *napolean dynamite fist-pump*
I feel like everyone is trying to start drama with me.....
Wow...the kid at comfest passed away. I saw the area taped off last night with investigators working the scene. Not good.
Art is collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
"burn in hell #Saban, you're an awful person"-quote 8/18/10 Feeling the same before the #nationalchampionship ?
I'm getting Darius tatted on my left bicep and MKG on my right
Time for sleep my tweets. Lynne loves You!!
Yahoo! Sports: 21-glum salute: Pictures of Emo Albert Pujols looking ...
Couples Night! Couples' Entry=2-for-1!! $5 pizzas, dance specials, discount VIP Booths!
Yeah, Stefan really got something with that drawing. I wish I had a t-shirt of it. Black tshirt, white rat queen? GORGEOUS.
Confucius thought that a ruler who had to resort to force had already failed as a ruler. "Your job is to govern, not to kill."
So? he was being rude
Some interesting music is being played right now
Breaking News! We're proud to announce that of is releasing his debut CD #84 on 2/28/11
dude I though u got that shot FIXED!!!
welcome aboard! Let me to follow u!
God is a funny guy!
Good Morrow Good Sir Michael... you are more than welcome
She bought me Ray Bans
RT : We’re casting Shopaholics for a new Reality-TV show! Email:casting{at}pinksneakers{dot}net, if u r interested!
We can install the full version today for 80$ , reply if interested
then u just need a health card
Sometimes a song can express the feelings you could never find the words for.
The problem with forte publicly voicing his anger is now #dabears have to make a call predraft when we woulda had all summer to make deal
3.5 loads later, I am done washing and putting away all these baby clothes!
Welcome to our new followers
Get on Board TODAY!
You Call It $5.00 double call mixers!! 7:22 to close
It's National Golf Day. Fun Fact: The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million! Good luck on the green:)
Properly inflated tires improve gas mileage by up to 3.3 percent. Check tires with a good gauge once a month!
waiting....waiting.....
I am great! How about you? Where are you from?
uh oh I bet you're excited:) I go til next Wednesday.
So what are you doing with the countries?
Do you have a baseball bat lying around?
God is definitely at Emerged JV tonight<3
this looks great, can't wait to watch it with sound :)
STAR AWARDS LOL
MAKE SURE YOU GET AT MY WEBSITE PLEASE! www.boysdownsouth.com <----
to be honest, I would be upset. We would have a long discussion with him. I would still love him/her and accept it either way.
Thank You , your actions made voice echo across this nation louder and longer than if you'd just have let her speak
Last day as a 7th grader:)
an interesting journey...it's been a long road we'll see where it heads
Avocados are ripe when they're dark green & give just a little when you press. Fruit in general is ripe when it gives little.
The ARC preprocessor directives are more annoying than just managing the retain count.
'/play secret' is my favorite command in Campfire
sniff it out good sir...surely the OB is hiding near you!
Is anyone going to TED in Long Beach or Palm Springs??? I might be going tomorrow...
Jim Carrey is such an inspiration
of course :) love you guys <3
hey hey!!
windsor? they're all in london !
Never heard it
thanks for the RT this was an older press release, but still holds as proof of persistence!
Don't worry love, I'll make it to your funeral, even if it kills you.
ugh like i'm officially salty now lol
Congrats ! You are a finalist for the 2012 #SoMeAwards. See you Thursday, May 3rd , 6pm
Probably they're evil. Just seemed odd to me. Can't remember seeing something as a fraction of an OZ before.
Can't wait to see tomorrow - it's been so long!
Change poopy underwear of a 2 year old today for the
all hands on deck!
I posted up right here Go on drop a line on me, on me DJ playing my song Better make a move on me, on me Get Ya swagger right
you live out in l.a. now?
I'm a crazy girl i know but someday someone will love me like crazy
I publicly call for to take a car nap.
Man this nigga at the cash register is gay as shit
Hey thanks for the follow! be sure to check us out on Facebook too! Help spread the word about JADED! :)
My Twitter account got hacked. Ignore my emails from Twitter and don't click on the link! Sorry.
Who selling food stamps?
I like your #ThingsIGottaTeachMySon tweets<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
YES BLESS THAT IS NEMI
I often wonder if Justin Bieber will EVER be attractive. I doubt it. Why yes- I AM lonely why do you ask?
It's The Fucking Truth Tho. How You Drag Other People But Get Upset When Niggas Drag You ? It Don't Work Like That.
In my princess voice I awkwardly answered, "Everybody wears underwear and NO YOU CAN'T SEE!"
I just found out that Brian Lamb is retiring from . What a hero he is. Thank you for your service, Mr. Lamb!
Midterm week this is gonna be fun!
UPDATE: Scott's new Twitter handle: Follow him to find out the latest in the worlds of food and football. Bon apetit!/Score!
did you find your Nike sock 3 salty faces
vibrant, glowing and healthy. The absorbency of the skin is improved, so other nutrients will soak in easily :)
Thanks April. Make it a great day!
Shower. Work. Hang out.
Thank YOU! We'd love to hear what you think! Are you interested in learning more Thai or another language?
This day needs to end already -___-
RT Obama just announced new initiatives to boost US tourism. Why is your town a great place to visit? tell us! w/
“Games on Demand” Downloads Continues to Rise across the market, how long will it take for games to disappear from the shelves? or is this …
"My bytch bad, lookin like a bag of money" $$$$
dont be I love you just the way you are!
Fond du Lac police chief: officer died today. Says it's the biggest nightmare or any police officer.
But when a track is lame. Itss lame, blk, white, asian... Anybody. Thats just honesty
Where we are at Holstein is #1. This is a large Dairy county. Some Beef predominately Angus based.
You know you've learned to control your anger when you overhear two people talking about how much they hate Radiohead and not interject.
Object type: meh.
My formspring.me was hacked. Ugh. Some days, I wonder why I use any of this social media stuff.
hi Joe! So so week mostly because of time constraints. But the morning weather has been fantastic!!
Half day today!! Thank you A/C for breaking x)
I'm dying to meet and they are my idols...i know i probably am never going to meet them
are you going to Musikmesse in Frankfurt? Those will be there. The shekeres are also in stock here in Marshfield, MA.
I need to pray for kindness at this very moment.
We are hoping to get to 700 followers this week! Give us a shout out for
Tough loss for Lehigh Lax in the NCAA Tourney. Looks like smooth sailing for Hopkins.
Dear phone, I drop u, I say I hate u, I insult u, I forget u, but the truth is I cant live without u :)
Develop a 'can-do' attitude. Practise saying 'what can I do for you? I will make it happen'
*Puts my hand on your face and kisses you deeper*
I don't want it to be P2. Don't care otherwise
is having open practice at DKR tomorrow at 2. Anyone up for going?
Congrats Russell Wilson...my new favorite Seahawk
Ha no prob. Can't wait for you to start saying hella (if you don't already!)
Unless I could find a girl who will go with me to every were
yeah, do I know it! Known her since we were about 5. Good times, good times... I'm surprised no Disney!
How To Repel Mosquitoes Naturally by kerryg
April 7-10, 2011...The Palm Beach International WOMEN'S Film Festival...for men and women!!!
jealously does not even begin to describe my feelings right now. Go Spurs Go!
16 months ago today i had a 9 lb 3 oz 22 in tall baby boy. Now he is 30 lbs, walking, and is 35 in tall. Time flies!
just wanted to say hello :)
Had SO much fun hosting a great group of media/blogger friends for Wed night!! Thx
aw we cute. Wuv u <3
SO JEALOUS
Hahaha nice catch!
not to many people can start a sentence "when I was in jail..."
Straight back to the stage, which is in the left-hand corner coming from the entrance.
A mans reach should exceed his grasp, else what's there a heaven for?
when guys treat their ladies with respect >>>>
is your friend crazy?
Thunder Ten Tronckh, Buck Gooter, and Chicago's I Love You -- tonight!
I bet your hair looked real nice tho. :)
Awesome! I'm still thinking about going to MAGIC in Vegas. Do you think it's worth it to make contacts if I don't get a booth?
The Boss's new record Wrecking Ball is amazing
Just met with Tiffani of , fabulous way to start this beautiful day, Fabulous lady!
But I need my minature mexifry
- shipping depends on weight, but should be $5 or less. :)
wow!! You are good!
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D
Dinner time >
Networking with at Lester's!
Clippers fucking sucking out damn chris paul wtf u a damn superstar act like a fucking superstar
Film Maker Darren A. Saunders apologizes to George Lucas & Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product. We have 3D Without glass
yep--fun stuff:)
Havin a jam session to One Direction in the car this morning with the brother.
Yeahh that's very awesome. You still out in Jersey or you out here?
Stop calling me Martinez. Oh and pah-lease what you gonna do throw scratches?
I thought it was funny
so much more difficult.
OMG. were the funniest people ever. & megan is just like FCC!
digging blip.fm.
I don't like lies.
I need tickets
Congrats Adam!!
oh okay. Because she just said she was going to do Wednesday.
aww.. im so happy !!
nice. Following!
Thanks for the support and helping get the word out about our party! ;)
Hey there Marie-Anne, will we be seeing you on April 14th in Baltimore??
RT : #LiNC Welcome Reception is beginning in 15 min. Join us on the Pacific Terrace from 6-9pm -see you there!
thanks Jen!
Go for it. Better to do than to do not.
Fashion Remix: Boots with the Fur Makes a Comeback TREND: Fur-trimmed boots WHO 'S WEARING IT: Kelly Rowland, Leann Rimes (Australia Luxe
i swear i have the most stressful dreams...
editing pix from Sat and Sun. Bad Girl's Club is awful and amazing all at the same time.
I told them I'd call Whirlpool to report and he said he'd "see what he can do", I wanted to reach out before he walks out.
I know that you are not ready to take this in, for I wouldnt have been either had God not brought me to it by bringing me near my end&back
good time last night homie its marcus from the bar thomas' homie
As of today, I am being asked to reenter my id and pw in Twitter every time I open my home page.
Random follow winners 4 Free Ice Cream R & Congrats we will send u DM soon Can't wait 2 CU!
Someday I am gonna sell out Mandalay Bay. Ive just decided.
Big takeaway from Walsh' Teacher's PD presentation : In puppetry the challenge is to balance form and functional design
I follow you, You follow me :)
Great to meet Susan Martinson, the brains behind Keep It Simple Syrup. This will be a terrific MBA Capstone Project. Thanks!
S/O to my newest follower
We are very much looking forward to a quiet weekend and then it's off to the races with Holiday Parties! www.sazs.com
I had pappadeax with my mommy for mothers day. :-)
When you wake up not knowing what day it is <
Don Draper invented Banana Republic as a way to sell khakis. Know your history.
Thanks for the shout-out, and glad you enjoyed NOX! :)
where's my best friend from another state when I need her :(
Thanks for letting us use your space for the iOS classes. It was great. I really like your space up there.
1st day of spring quarter at #UniversityofDenver. Great class of 20 graduate students in "Strategic Workforce Planning & Talent Management."
It's workshop day:)
Hey I found on twitter! The person I named my dog after if anyone cares!
you were FANTASTIC last night!! I was so proud of you Rockstar! Can't wait till may 6th!! Love u buddy!!
is it possible that they are just acting? He doesn't truly seem to want love. Maybe just advertising for a winery?
Has anyone asked if they've been drinking in locker room again? 15-9?!
Got you my G.
RT TR_Problems: What would have happened if I turned left?
Have fun! RT : Ready for and #marketingintheround (w/ )
they're using James Cameron's 3D right? It should be EPIC
Like Davison's piece on depressions. Will sample more this week and get back to you.
Okaii I was gonna get a tattoo w libra on it cuz I'm a libra... It says they only changed for those born after 2009
Sigh I hate school
Loving the latest Castle episode, Sherlock!
Run that by me again!!!
lol lips are chapped as fuck
we're stoked on you! Thank you for hanging out and learning Cheez's life story.
#ThisSummerImTryna connect with as many #mom #birth bloggers to write about #diastasis re: fitness for them! Hit me up!
Hang in there..This is Rick.. I am Crystal Fitzgerald husband and she said her and Jocelyn are thinking about you Congrats
looking at the Sun rise over Manhattan... life is good this morning
o i just watched it on disney channel on demand
Paul Holdengraber of says a good program is a conversation, what Werner Herzog calls "collective agitation of the mind."
idk how the wasp could figure out who her husband was if cap hawkeye and Pym walked around the mansion in civilian clothes
um does Jenna know you are gay lol
my mommy :) we made a deal that i won't get a tattoo until im 18/moved out if she got her belly button pierced with me.m ...
Follow she follows back :)
3 foot long brown snake was riding the garage door for fun this AM. Scared the girls. I failed to instagram it.
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Still told her momma happy mothers day ... Cuz i got respect for her peeps
Perform, Repeat, Record: Live Art in History edited by Amelia G. Jones F'94 now available from
coffee would be nice- and eggs and bacon.... yummy! i love saturdays
GO's lasers fill the stadium nicely... The guy sitting behind me doesn't look amused, though. Guess he's saving his glow sticks for Trent.
It's Thursday evening and the sun is out! No time to be inside - get out and enjoy it, Chicago! ;)
I wish I could find a guy that wasnt gonna act fake around me.
Wow!! The weather is great today!! Perfect day to be off!!! Lots to do though...
": After the wild weekend, I have discovered a few bruises on me. I wish I remember how .." I have one on my elbow I cant explain
“: The real Glee spinoff should be Santana going to prison and becoming the leader of an angry lesbian prison gang.”
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs could make much better judgements regarding the future than the government can.
Trying to keep up on my iPad (thank you Sony). Need #SeeSaw ;)
Watching 'The Painted Veil'. These 1920's costumes are nice...
didn't get any good sleep last night :(( Maybe going down to the pool again will make me feel better...
fck my ex friend made me jealous with my boyfriend fck her fckinq bitch i hate i wish she can move of skool fckinq uni hahah :))
I might have to start myself and post from it on the reg now.
My boredom has allowed me to search stubhub for Brewers or Bucks tickets tonight. Prices are super low...might crack and quit working.
bitch stfu!!! My lil bro was crying in his sleep…lol
im trying duude!!! cause i really do wanna come see ya soon!
not a secret anymore my dear haha
Damn Bucs. Get Correia out of the rotation. Give Lincoln his spot.
IM SO SORRY! I made a poor girl cry by making up a stupid rumor about u guys. Im so sorry Austin. I feel terrible..
Amen! ~ RT : Following-back isn't an obligation or courtesy, it's a choice. Be interesting and engaging, not demanding.
Steve Blake had a good look tho but when the game is on the line & ur down only 1 point he should have stepped up for a 2 or give it to Kobe
Hey! I'm actually a singer, too. Do you think you could reccommend me for the Teen Hoot? I'll recommend you(:
MOIP is pretty fantastic.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!
Someone just got a They Live poster.....
Helping a new client get started on purchasing her first home.
He is going insane. This is what Karl wants, a team where one of seven guys can go off any night.
Coating debate currently ensuing at SOS!
Like Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win #free photo
Jordan Jansen singing Somebody That I Used To Know. i cant.
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY!!! YAY!!!
“: Shoutout to :-) Thanks for participating in our expo!”
the #idol band is awesome this season. Were they this good last year?
...she tweeted, at 2am. RT : why am i only tired in the morning?
Last night I was literally in the cloud and could only think, when this plane lands I will have returned to being inside the other cloud.
When he went out into the audience tonight he came by our row and sang to my friend. He was amazing. Very nice!
Thanks YouTube, for reassuring me that there are a million and a half other losers who spend free time watching old episodes of Jeopardy
I was. It was wonderful. You and the other presenters created a great program.
I'm looking for a Senior Writer gig in the Bay area. Anyone?
if i got your face tattood on my back, would you still love me?
Jason Mraz looks like a hobo.
I'll be a carrot and you'll be a patatoe x) lmao
I love it when my bartender warns me with "I think there is too much rum in these" Yum
Um, yum. RT : The first 50 to whisper “chocolate salty caramel” at Sprinkles receive a free salty caramel dipped in ganache!
Is anyone else having a problem adding new products to ?
"Deaths by paperwork" in Bleak House parallel deaths by contagion and model forms of legal, mediated violence
Too Live
It is chilly tonight. Makes a great night for a fire though!
I realized that I missed Basketball Wives for a reason yesterday...
think he has a huge target on his back !
Want to go see #TheAvengers!
New tracks are crazy tho!
Thanks! I'd say it's good to be back, but well... ;) Hope you're well!
Lovin' this weather!
How exciting! It sounds like a great opportunity to execute on your passion! So happy for you! :-)
Here we go again: Another third down for Pryor and the Buckeyes
I juss wanna hot guy!!! Haha
Anyone have a copy of "Steve Jobs" by Isaacson that I could borrow? I'll take good care of it, and return it promptly, thanks!
We just discovered & are hooked.
#caa2012 Joan Saab: we need to stop being anxious and dive in to learn to make
I can't believe after like 4 years, last night was the first time we danced together :3 I love him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
ok I'm bout to get dressed
Just picked up my copy of the #RHE306 First Year Forum book, Eli Pariser's The Filter Bubble. Excited to figure out how to teach it.
Watching the brand new Blues Room with Logan and Skye. IMing with Misty.
Glamorously adorable. <<
The world has lost the legendary Godfather of Go Go, Chuck Brown.
Hello Miami! Thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
i've got two numbers for you! area code 512 or 973? :)
Do you tell people to not say fuck?
Furniture Affair Hosts a Garden Party to Showcase Revived Household Decor, Accessories and Furniture Burlap, vintage and repurposed items
Simons reaction was right, she deff deserved to stay, best voice and way better than Marcus!
Indeed! : Social Book is badass.
#NowPlaying "With Ur Love" by Cher Lloyd ft. Mike Posner! Can't get enough of this song lately
yet could never beat us two years in a row in NY. kudos
I can't come Saturday :( but we need to all get together ASAP!!
The dark side of soya: how one super crop lost its way - The Ecologist
#LSU After LSU beat Bama I booked an airtran flight from New Orleans to Atlanta for $185. I wonder how much it would cost now if available?
still perfect
Hey wats up?
I Tongue Kiss Her Other Tongue Skeet Skeet Skeet Water Gun Ohh.. My.. God.. Becky.. Look At Her Butt
The team completed the dream. -a2b interactive
Too bad and I can never find anything to talk about. :-(
Listen,if the child can walk...they don't need a pacifier
I got the country girl side of me. <3
less arguing, more head.
Passed out earlier today, still not feelin good. Thank goodness I had my friends with me. Need to sleep this off, head still pounding :(
excited to go check out 's event at Flux design in Riverwest!
“: proud of you buddy <U+263A>” thank you mam. Means a lot from a buddy
GREAT LOOKING Movie
It's really gloomy in LA today! Hopefully you'll bring the sunshine.
Shared an amazing botthle of Iron Horse Wedding Cuvee with the brand's producer and (Women & Wine) at The Modern
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
Watching the super bowl with the fam!
congratulations to and the cast of for their 11 nominations!
1 more week until our humanities grant/fellowship proposal review opportunity. Who else would like constructive feedback? Grads welcome.
Hoping one day you will tweet me again :( :(
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Thanks for the RT!
And with that... I'm going to go to bed. Maybe I will get to read more than 1 page of GoT before I pass out. Night all!
Hey It's Tuesday February 7th and Our 5.99 Special of the Day is Pork Chops Dinner!
Just b/c you're the boss doesn't make you a leader.
Thank god it's Friday.
Gettin my #grill on. #Cheers to
Proud of Asheville for passing the Move To Amend tonight!
I agree he was with her for what 14 years? He needs to be there :(
Technology and tweeting...sometimes I think they are both "for the birds." Just teasing...it is a fun blog post though!
About to lay down again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i knew itd be btween Dani and Jeff but knew Jeff would win cause he has a lot of crazy fans that do anything to vote lol
Eating sour gummie worms :))
Me too! Global warming has made me a better biker! MT this is the most I've ever biked in January.
Glad to hear you say this.
I gotta PHD a Poser Hater Degree
thank you, I will get back to you today with a response
Hooked up #netflicks on the #wii last night. Kids are all over it. Need a desktop app for the tv upstairs now.
I'm reasonably confident that direct mail mattered a lot more than Books In Print.
I just thought of this crazy original idea... Shoot a video in the krog street tunnel.
he's so gay!
#Quote: It's not enough to rage against the lie.. you've got to replace it with the truth. RT
RT “: Just heard my grandma cuss for the first time #shocking”. Noni cussed?! Wtf did she say? Hahaha
agreed! Sad to say I paid money to watch it in a movie theater
Whoa! Lovely to see you on Twitter! Miss you in these parts!
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
"That's what" - She
The single most impressive thing a bassplayer can do is to make the song and band sound GOOD!.....ask somebody!
You is real though no fake , but you complain alot i cant call you fake .
if i have to write one more paper this year im going to go insane
is this your first time attending? Or have you been before?
Scott Simon, pimco. Without #fannie and #freddie, there would be no flexible market in that immediate future.
I'll help pull for Leeds and Hull to get up there, but the Hammers are gonna win this thing.
Lamenting the end of Hey Girl, its Pearl Ryan tumbler.
Mine's coming soon :) I'll be sure to shoot you a link.
I feel like an idiot
OMFG was in the newspaper:D I remember when he was just a troll in front of a camera :P
Let me know if they've changed the breath/compression ratio again? I haven't been re-certified in years.
Heat in 5 vs pacers
Timbaland no contest.
Janet from Chicago joining late. Healthcare call center background including patient adherence and clinical trials.
you are very welcome!
*plays Janet's new commercial one more time* SWEET JESUS! ! ! ! !
Hey Everyone! Been a long and productive day! How was YOUR day?
Is this thing on?
I was your 60th follower. Now you have over 2,000. I deserve a prize. I'm thinking, your love.
And I took pills already
: Announced tonight in DC: ConvergeUS brings tech, nonprofit, government, and academia to accelerate social innovation convergeus.com
Working. doing home work. Waiting for my awesome gyro
those shorts are for a younger person wouldn't you say???
Char Booth is about to begin!
Going for a run
Going to sleep...
Good morning!!!!!!
Thank god for fox news
Blake Griffin just killed the OKC thunder
Colt McCoy has not looked good
PLEZ FOLLOW MY BESTIE she is the coolest and the most funnest friend u can hav
Loves tongue is in the eyes.
Happy leap day!
Laziness? Pshhh no.. well maybe >.< And yes, everyone's asleep.. Do you have a Tumblr?
nothing all too important. Just my ass, a video of me gettin my dick sucked. Usual twitter smut.
Today in Miami, 1-11pm Sundae Miami w/Oscar P, Brian Coxx, Hallex, Yogi, Sonny Fodera, Lee Jones Ten 960 Ocean Drive
I love having such an amazing girlfriend :) sweet dreams baby girl, I love you :)
I don't like remix goes hard!
Just listened to the Gregg Williams audio. Disturbing. Major douche. "[Crabtree] becomes human when we f*ckin' take out that outside ACL"
Charlie Daniels was one of Vern's favorites.
imagine sacha baron cohen sittin there and listening to all ur boring unfunny drivel. He is the no.1 British comedian btw
" wow. Ok?"lol just saying..u ain't gotta be like dat
You totally just stole that from me. I'm suing.
Our Valentine's Day treat: Bone-in Ribeye and Lobster tail. Mahi Americaine w/shrimp. Pork chops with grilled apples and baked mac n'cheese.
Good! How are you and your fam?
Shout out to all my new follows! Have a blessed day!
I HAVE JULESANITY!!;)
if i did that i would get glue all over it... like a preschooler. my job is like preschool. haha
it was really sunny and high 40s
Now following
This is ridiculous...
Watching my bro play baseball..yay! It's like the good ol' days
For sure!!
I would use the money to hire a lobbyist & buy a politician so I wouldn't have to pay $250 million in taxes
Happy Birthday!! (: Have a good one <3
Awesome! Yeah I found out he was back in Vegas last Friday! :)
Friends: Only know a few things about you. Best Friends: Could write a very embarrassing biography on your life story.
it is the perfect color, isn't it? I love it for spring!
back from collaborating on new Bobby Womack project in London w/ Damon Albarn & Richard Russell (XL records) w/ guest spot by Lana Del Rey
look on the Ericson Cal-E Porter one
Tom Brady is so sexy ufffffff <3333
we would all be fucked lol
Last Night i saw the thing on Yahoo and I thought it said That you and Selena where getting married!!!! I started to cry!!!
Sounds like a movement in the making! (or should be...)
social media is awesome...you know, for maintaining historical data...like a budding Twitter romance...I'm gross, I know :)
Business is Snowballing... I guess the only times snowballing is good is business, & building a snowman.
My mom always comes randomly and gives me half an orange for me&jasiel. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> she cant wait to be a mima.
-moss +miss D:
I understand a 5-10 point loss but as THE LAKERS( one of the greatest franchises in history) this deficit is unacceptable
RT Don't hold back b/c u think you'll piss ppl off, push forward & show them what's possible!
"our country is headed in one direction"
is sierra on !
Whatever the story is you're telling...be consistent. Remember what you said.
Happy 6th birthday twitter!
Onna whim I just booked a three day trip to Orlando for April - cheapo rental car included. So fucking pumped!
having a beautiful day. trying out my new canon 100-400 is zoom. will upload to FB soon!
Countdown Begins today <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> 18 Days Left !!!!!
hey. thanks for the follow! I like your work a great deal!!!Have a great day!
#ROC #recruiters & #HR : avg vendor rating at our last Career Fair was 4.4 out of 5.0 w/ 33% claiming it was better than other Career Fairs!
Good luck to my clan mates this weekend in Philly!! Good luck I'll be watching online.
Ok. I am Android free and PC free except a virtual machine and loving it! The big switch is complete and it is very liberating! ...Sigma out
Today was great. You are too cool.!! :)
Thanks everyone for humoring us by playing our game!! Lots of fun answers.
Awww. Just try not to wreck this one.
ppl think i am making it up
A little over 12 hours until Media Day. Can't wait to rub my scent all over home plate seats.
So excited for this chili's right now. Yum :)
i did it for you baby! :D
Let's go to the beach.
Stop waiting for magnificence. It's happening all around you.
The biggest disease today is not leprosy, but rather the feeling of being unwanted. --Mother Teresa
Wow... JLo... can we even show this on FOX at 8:40pm?
that would be good, though it might be a long preface!
I got burned...by my oven
Happy May Day to everyone - I am planning a super-productive day - after I have a crown installed :-(
RT : If a boy is not on FB, he won't meet any girls. So he won't reproduce. So his genes will die. Evolution leads us to FB.
Is it bad to go drinkin before your tax appointment?
Shout out to mÿ boy C. Wright getting his first NBA start. And he had 25 and 8. Big things coming next year
Not too mention parents can choose what to but their kids. It's our choice, not an activist group or the govt. PERIOD!!
Had to spend the night in Superstition mountains with no gear after hiking in for six hours n not getting out in time before dark
Two tons of soiled adult diapers and a couple of dead cats and you're golden.
I am so over the DRAMA!!
Thurs happy hour @ Plan B w/DJ Pre-mo is 7:30 to 9:30. come join us for the party before the weekend starts
My friend invited me to a concert for 2013 ^.^ ah!! :) & back stage passes! freaaakin happy!
:) Yep. Just for the weekend. Quick trip. My mom & I surprised my Dad with my flight itinerary for his birfday :) We're sneaky :)
Libraries are still intellectual sanctuaries.
Simon Sinek keynote @ #kidscreen - most companies know what they do, and how they are different; few know *why* they do it.
Oh, so this is what the "is it too late to elope to a tropical island?" feeling is like. Got it.
Yo, I read your piece on Sleigh Bells. Is it possible for album-focused groups to get noticed in a hype-based era?
WHOO! Its getting #HOT in the #SharkTank get back in !
America's got talent... What its a re-run!?
I'm replying to what you said.......
well now i feel like complete shit :,(
Wishing everyone a safe and happy rest of your Thursday. Spend some quality time with your loved ones tonight.
Ah, chucks (blushes). I like you too.
You know works is boring when I can check twitter every 10 minutes. Common end this day already and put me out of my misery
Alright lol Just For You
"guys have it so easy compared to girls" shut up bitch we have to deal with the mood swings and boning on the rag isn't fun.
Ernie Lorch died today?? Wow. Certainly both a major and controversial figure in the history of NYC basketball.
Good Luck at the New Mexico Governor's Conference on Tourism next week. Let me know how it goes!
I can do bad all by myself or I can do good all by myself.i dont sweat the small shit.i just handle my biss like a grown azz man..
So weird!!! Just sent to you. Let me know you got it :)
He kno even tho I'm fuckin wit him..I dnt really nned him:-D
What is twitter for except to raise hell at airline companies for screwing you and your loved ones over?
well then enjoy my friend..
Watching Geno 2011/12 highlights because reguardless of the outcome, he is & always will be my fav player!
oh yea cuz...u tryed to come at me.........by telling dontarius you aint addin me
Check out the new Ace Hotel which just opened in Manhattan. The lobby is like a wonderful quiet, cool library with an old fashioned bar.
Got it on my calendar. I am thinking 6:30p?
How were there #richmondforum tix available when I started my order at 9:00 but not when I submitted at 9:02?
well the power went out for the longest time and it just came back on
So excited to hear the 2012 #cybils winners, which will be announced tonight at 12:01!
Trim Tab Leadership is about leverage; achieving more impact with less and new approaches, moving from incremental to exponential impact.
Top Plays for Tuesday in College Hoops in the Consenus are : Princeton, Providence, Central Michigan, and Oakland! GL to all!
Beautiful night Austin!!! Have fun!!! Enjoy your favorite sandwich on our welcoming patio.. Ciao buona serata
the village club, San Diego, California. Best dealers, bosses, and food :)
Some triflin yamp just answered her phone in church smmfh.
Can't. Breathe. Tell me when it's over.
All i want is to get one of those 'i love you<21' tweet from .. (; causee' I lovee himm<21 #wontgiveup #muchlove (:
Thank you! Hope you enjoyed your day!
I can feel the cloud of due-diligence- guilt lifting as I finally move work data to a TrueCrypt volume on my laptop.
Ebanks is a fucker!!!!!! You act like a little fucking bitch
Ppl make it seem like I'm emotionless
So bored!!! Oh my god
No. Just enough. RT unless you mean the guns I'm packing in my biceps to whirl this yo-yo like a master! too much? :)
Will be checking out this weekend.
About to see Don Irerra at SideSplitters! Gonna be hilarious!
GUYS STFU OK. watch the billboards on sunday if justin's not with selena then it's over and if he is they're together OK SO SHUT UP. ~
Despite gloomy economy, shaky financial plans for retirement, increasing health concerns; 73% of boomers report positive outlook for future
Final iTunes Match Update: 3,261 out of 25,096 was uploaded. Leaving 21,737 matched. Aside from a limit & minor issues. Match = Success.
The ball is starting to slowly roll!
This has been a very hard few months for me but I still thank God for allowing me the opportunity to move forward with my purpose~BAMM
This wknd: try fruit in place of dessert. Slice a banana, add a handful of walnuts w/drizzle of chocolate syrup or how abt a fruit salad?
It's pretty much the main issue behind therapists losing their license. All the other stuff pales in comparison.
I'm so bummed...I had plans to be there, got called to Austin to fin a film I wrkd on at the last minute!!
Great info on slide #SLA2012 RT : Girls who participate in sports more likely to pursue non-traditional careers
lets just say the wilderness and I weren't the best of friends... o and mosquitos consider my blood a rare fluid of the gods
I will! Anything fun I can bring you guys?
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Project penis
if Tim ever tells you to tweet that he's dead do NOT do it. He's plotting stuff now. So mean.
My Dad just turned on Shrek for JT. It's in Spanish. Neither of them realize. How do you say "that'll be all Donkey" en espanol?!
#FF Small Businesses!
But it's all good. :p
gonna try making aluminum stars out of old cans :-)
hey! we'll sign anything you want, sorry just didn't see that. It amazes me that you care that much about our band :)
#collegeaudition tip: Cut your resume down to 8x10 and staple it to your headshot in all 4 corners! And keep it to ONE PAGE, Diva!
When will you come back in L.A?
Living large and setting up my Twitter account for work and play... hello world.
"Welcome back Justin! I shit in your bedroom a couple days ago while you were away. Hope you like!" - Your asshole roommate, Linus the dog
Happy four-day weekend to me!
me too, i think it was a&e in the 80s and pbs in the late 70s and 80s too, just fantastic entertainment :)
Just let me know when Mayweather loses. Thanks.
yeah i'll talk to you a/b it in 3rd block tommorrow
today is national peanut butter and jelly day! ...Like a need a reason to chow down!
Herman Cain is Eddie Murphy in Trading Places & the #Kochbros have a $1 bet on him. Pure comedy
are you 18?
Hopefully on my birthday, i wish to get a tweet from any of the boyz and their siblings.
you know i'm being sarcastic <3 you saw what i wrote on your wall <3 NIGGA OUR 2 MONTH IS IN A WEEK. THERE WILL BE SEX.
Bootcamp feels especially early today with the time change. Ugh. should go easy on us this morning.
Oh boy. At the store, my total came to $6.41. I give the cashier $7.01. She gives me my change - 2 quarters and 10 pennies. Really???
Sometimes I hate people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
After last week's nod to Bollywood, Irish step dancing on the streets of Boston. Lowlife Bartender = lord of the dance!
let's help james get to 600k followers then maybe he'll follow us(:
thinking of an april fools joke to d o to my dad
Im fina get off twitter before I get on BS wit mfers. The heat lost 1 game and now its the return of the lost knick fans. Smh
If you're celebrating Easter Sunday today, may you enjoy your day with good friends and family!
Awesome…and yes, LOVE sushi
cant believe they put a keyboard on it
It seems like the person who loves the least is always the one who controls the relationship.
Congratulations to the new President and VP - !
Think back to the Hunger Games. Got it? Now replace Katniss and Peeta with you and Greyson...
sorry for wat
I feel like its a rule that toddlers MUST spill something every time they eat
that's great, really happy for you, both of you:)
It's fun to go for the impossible
I loved the ending I got. There are seven. Working on two and three. I call BS for those demanding BW change it.
4 Women Thank you. Grateful for this opportunity today at the Sandra Day O'Connor Luncheon. To Serve Is To Live.
This thursday! We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project
Today LCE’s Senior Medicare Patrol will present to seniors at Morris Towers 11-1:00 on Medicare/caid fraud, waste and abuse & identity theft
Thanks Marshall! We had a lot of fun doing that show! Thanks for listening!
Thanks so much for the mention! We are almost sold out! #BizDen2012 :)
I want Seth back.
Seeing #Ironman athletes trickling into #Kona. Looking forward to 2x Champion Craig Alexander's return to #Keauhou soon.
very sexy
Text or call someone right now. Tell them something that you love about them and tell them how much you care. It will make their day(:
Handsome as ever!
youre proud of this?
heading down later today, excited to finally meet you guys - good luck!
It's a beautiful day full of sunshine in downtown San Diego. Come by for lunch today, sit out in our patio and let us quell your hunger!
I have always been a storm.
Haven't been in NYC since Dec. 23. Hope I remember where the parking garage is.
Thanks for sharing!
Ok my lovelies, I'm tapping out. G'nite!
sounds good!
You'd be hard-pressed to find another line of products that produces better results for athletes, weight loss, etc.
Come on army
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. "Albert Einstein"
That brought a tear to my eye! will have a blast but will never forget you and ! X
Congrats! What's next for you?
Can't wait to sip some wine and kick my feet up
Party on Saturday!
Finally getting desk time, just after hours. What's wrong with this picture? All alone at the office, rocking out to !
Correct, but most (probably all) of his supporters were.
I have to be up at 5:15 AM for the dreadful survival job, but I still got A LOT of work to do... My work is NEVER finished!
Dear world, I've had #coffee today. Consider yourself warned. Love, Andrea
When I'm in the shittiest mood ever, I think of you because you're the only one who can make me smile like an idiot haha ^.^
& im saying get your own lol
Seasons Greetings you all. H & A will be spending the week in Portland, ME for private coaching sessions.
"Ewww, you shouldn't have don't it ;)" that's what you deserved pendeja cochina
Huge congrats on the funding. We're really excited to see what your future will hold.
It is more interesting to walk thru the casino than down the aisle.
Antibiotics!! Sorry, old joke. Create a scent for her, that's the new thing, Make SURE she's not allergic 2 anything in it,tho!
Define gangsta for me in your own words. Because I question your actual knowledge of this word, based on this tweet.
yes lol...i literally laughed just now. Does he forreal like you?...
GOODNIGHT Y'ALL.
I found ya. Damn u got a lot followers<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>.
Nice! How is it over there?!
I am SO into DOOL..days of our lives...the storyline is awesome this week! Check it out...my DVR is on overload!
Burning lots of calories spending quality time with the new pup.
I'm Hungry And Annoyed
Always knew he had it in him.
I do not want to watch falcons eat avocets
No Ravens fan should be in bed right now. Even when thier wives are yelling at them to come to bed...
You want me to tolerate the intolerant? How does that work exactly?
Sure he did. If he gets grumpy, I'll change my tune. Looking bummed on the bench after getting pulled strikes me as pretty normal
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-67
Couples in which one partner spends 10+ hours more than usual at work divorce at twice the average rate
Tomorrow night. #Legacy420. Bring that spark. And a helmet. ;)
I'd rather die standing than live on my knees.
I love how I'm never on, & I still get followers! #love my followers
Tune into FCCfreeradio.com tomorrow from 9-10 to catch a very special acoustic performance
I'm 99% sure it's Thursday....lol
If you're easy to get, you're easy to forget.
thankfully the line moved quickly.
Damn. That's the same microphone I got you for your birthday.
RE parking: On second thought, pls contact me here (email notice loaded wrong account). --Lisa
what's up girl were on our way to sc
Woo hoo back in Erie again! lets go Micro Brewers fest
Call up to V-103 & tell Lil Bankhead to play new single "Show Out" ft. Shawty Lo on V-103 call now 404-741-9833
If Hazanavicius wins more, it's gonna be like Tom Hooper all over again
Jennifer Lawrence = clearly, the go-to actress for killing squirrels.
And I'm calling it a night.
Pancakes indeed!
Had someone come up & pitch a web series halfway during our meal. And for a second there, I almost forgot I lived in Hollywood. ALMOST.
Ok, I feel bad. I hope he doesn't get cancer. I hope he gets struck by lightning.
Good Morning! Baby it's cold outside. Great day for homemade chili and a football game! But there's no football! :( And there's no chili!
Did you know $1 from each Trans-Siberian Orchestra ticket sold is donated to Second Harvest Food Bank?
On the corner of Greene and Cumberland at this crime scene and Jeffrey Wright rolls up to me on a bike asking, "What happened?"
Plz no mp3 files plz send them uploaded on a music streaming site soundcloud bandcamp etc it helps me post submissions faster thanks:)!!!
Report: AT&T, Deutsche Telekom consider network-sharing 'Plan B' AT&T ( NYSE:T ) and T-Mobile USA parent Deutsche Telekom are mulling
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live.
being required to drink mojitos at meetings. :).
I love them they like me too <:\> I feel to quiet *christina the cuban*
lol I know I'm addicted ;)
Looking for a co-owner/owner of my account :)
I knew she would be. Did you ever see her in The Producers? She was great. You should check it out if you haven't already!
It's done! Have a nice day!
Hey Portlanders, FREE pick-up game this Thursday 6:30pm at Colonel Summers Park. See you there!!!
no just a shower. A work shower for Paige. I just need to stop in. Yes, send ideas & I'm excited to hear your details.
wacthing JustinBieber:My World aw so cute i miss ur flirty tweets u said "im 16 girls are not bad" bieber?
Shot gunning Beers b4 I right this Statement of Purpose essay....it got me A's in college so I'm sticking to it....
Hey thanks!
Do you think this helps or hinders voting? Mr. President will appear on from D.C. today. 11 pm tonight ET.
There is no reason why I should have 13 canker sores in my mouth right now. If someone could please come up with a cure that would be great.
Yup got it RT : Did you get my email??? <3
I.A.T.S.E. meeting today. Gonna get sworn in!
It's okay, I've become addicted to Twitter recently as well!
If we all understood religion their would be no violence. The heretics are at it all the time.
owh . we are going to miss u so much ! haha T_T good luck and study mnah2 :D
im going to get a beer and look at digital cameras any suggestions. also look at www.timothylucero.com
If I was on Double Dare, I'd pick you to be my physical challenge.
Indeed RT : #shrine looking nice
Oh wow :( be careful now
no sharp objects
Happy Thanksgiving!
test message
Good news can get in shape in 3 weeks to shoot, but won't have any$for anything until probably September
Everyone isn't born pretty, but everyone can be beautiful.
Dont wanna do this ap psych essay -____-
Welcome back
You think #wiunion is tired of making phone calls, canvasing etc.,? We are more tired of GOP #walker. TV turns even gop stomachs.
Check out our upcoming Brand New Home on 833 N. Buffalo St. GREAT location!
Happy #StarWarsDay - May the fourth be with you!
Party like its SPRING BREAK! Tabu Lounge special Tuesday edition wit ya homie in tha mix! Lady Gaga after party
NF follow back!
Thank you for the follow! ~m ...apparently this is standard protocol too, to thank followers ... in this case, i'm excited too! ;)
A few set backs but I'm still moving forward with the project!!
That is so wrong. But I think it's even worse when they paint their nails on the flight.
I wonder if Edward Cullen texts people. O_o.
About to ride my bike in to the office for another great day on our amazing campus in Madtown.
S/H only: I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Patterned & sparkled tights with a LBD makes a perfect holiday ensemble.
1-1 last night... tonight I have Miami & San Antonio... the Lakers got mopped last night but OKC fans do not get excited yet...
LOL! U know it!
i neva trust a female
ShelterBox US started twttr acct, needs friends. Ths charity fills service gap by providing tents, blankets 2 disasters. Go 2
Thanks sorry I could not be there!
Congrats to $hitty on winning the league
- yes he does, thats why why we have to put on the full armor of God daily!!
I'm buying pencils instead of food. #Whoami ??
I agree! but so are you. Your dedication to being a better Basketball player shows.. #GoMKEBucks!
anytime i play video games i suddenly lose my vocabulary and just start yelling "IMMA CUT YOU, POWER OF THE KEYBLADE BITCH WHAT!? GET SOME!"
the back of my head hurts from lying down
Lights,camera,action its the major league
Being lazy lol ": at the crib as always"
will do. but this is rare free time with a newborn and being primary caretaker
jessi. he said he called his like cousin person to try. :L
Spurs play too much Fundamental basketball to lose. Not flashy, just get the job done
A microchip is the 1st thing shelters look for. Increase the odds of a reunion. Get your pet microchipped for $10 at IACC. No appt needed.
Hearing rain fall makes me want to go back to sleep so much more<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Have a great week all and I had a BLAST!!!!
OF FTW!
53% of age 16-22.... 48% of age 23-30 would give up their own sense of smell if it meant they could keep their laptop or smartphone.
Do I have good taste in women or not? You are in my top five list most beautiful women in the world!
Uncle Buck cannot be rewatched enough. McCauley was a cute and talented kid then
got me tripping
Stop saying "I Don't Really Care" when you know you do....
Good luck on #Bats opening night! I’m a proud pops! Relax and enjoy the fruits of your labor even if the labor is overwhelming at times...
and in my mind im saying i dont care
I didn't like my performance today I know it can be a lot better god<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> please guide me there's no turning back
I do recommend Dance/Trance tracks as they will fuel you through your workout like no other genre can.
I just think you and can't help but smile.
Happy Fathers Day to my baby.....love u always
dogs > cats in my opinion so i didn't feel horrible, besides, it was dead already (x Haha
"a delay is not a denial" - thanks,
YOU are absolutely fantastic! Thank you! :)
#finalsmakemecrazy is back!
waiting for your hot djness at moct. much love.
If u ain't got wings tell me why u tweetin
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.-Elbert Hubbard (Have a FAB week!)
Hehe I love that one ^_^
#ificouldiwouldbringback my knit #alpaca scarf that i lost last month! it kept me warm and was knit with love in #peru at www.shopmayu.com
I luv that u still use the term "Leftist" 2 refer 2 anyone who doesn't use gay as an epithet like 7 grade boys on playground
Shes not heavy enough!
bruh we live on da night "Round 1" is a smash hit
To its so funny that when I know a person I really KNOW a person... I can possibly be wrong about them once or twice but that's about it!
At a Cheesecake Factory for 1st time in at least 5 years. Still have a ridiculously long menu
can't wait for tonight!
Why don't they find they're own party offensive?!?!
liked discussion social realism have you considered links to images for readers unfamiliar & allowing comments
it's like "gaaarossssssss---s" LMAO!
Waiting for first episode of Mad Men to start. Would like to write about In the Heights, which I saw and loved. Reading Francis Bacon bio..
Hm, dont know the actual album name. Do u like it?? I was so intrigued when I started looking at all the pics. #weirdo lol
I do not like klout. I do not like klout in a box, I do not like klout with a fox...
": mines gonna be purple <3" barney :p lol.
but life and living is complex- get with the picture.
Figure of speach for not responding to me haha lol RT : I'm not in Hollywood lol :p
ok lol I'll just hang out with my aunt and uncle all week by myself lol
#Gingrich recycling Dan Quail going after Murphy Brown?
Not getting out of bed because I am out of cat food and not looking forward to being assaulted by miss piggy lily. I am safer here :)
I've got something now! It's pretty interesting! ;)
I think they're really there for the free samples.
i don't get why you still try to break us up with your stupid made-up stories, it is not going to work, just give up.
I'm tired about being tired.
Woo hooo!! Joy oh joy!! What a blessed time you will have!!
I can watch the show Roseanne, forever.
RT : I love IM's that start with "lol ... news" -- it's usually old dogs up to their same tricks.
That predates ours by exactly a century. Yours is definitely Really Old.
QuonFilms is proud to unveil its short film "The Love Within"...although a different title..it was a Cannes 2008 entry..but was incomplete
At a tasting and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines
i think so too -anna
We lack good models for how to interact online when we disagree with someone. Leads to greater incivility in class, in world
I need to shave..... Lookin like a cave man....
#CoachellaLive #bliss ...and writing those papers, lol
Hey look! Most of my timeline cares about NBA! Who knew?
Wow damn !!! amazing voice wow killed the Whitney
We have a surprise for you guys! We finally have a facebook! Its under construction. Add us facebook/stumbleuponmilwaukee
#20ThingsIlove hunting & fishing & just being in the country.
Just woke up.. feels so good to sleep in :) Think I will lay in bed all day :)
Philly Comic-con with was great. Now time to go back to being a responsible adult. More #primarysourcecode this week I promise.
Nice! Being a dick in that game is pretty awesome. I remember yelling at a floating Jellyfish in the first one.
not at all lol
HAPPY belated THANKSGIVING
I think I'll just dance like everyday today.
DID U KNOW THAT BURNHAM, ROMANCE ON A ROCKETSHIP & WEATHERSTAR (C)
hoops and happy hour tomorrow?
Fighting Bob Fest!
haha!! Is there any other way?! :D
Some random lady just came up 2 me and said if wins the #megamillions she wants to pay me 2 become her love slave.
Is that true? I honestly haven't seen the original trilogy in like fifteen years.
DYK? Keenan Ivory Wayans - Comedian and producer of "In Living Color" is a member of A Phi A
OH HELL NO!!!! #6 on the countdown?!?!!?!? Uh huh!!! We gotta get my babies back to #1!!!! I'm bout to vote my ass off now!
I want that shit that will make my toes curl.
Your custard tweets are giving me happiness
Here's a tip- Be careful. Ha! Seriously though, 15% and lunch?
Watching season six of #psych! Jealous ?
I learned during labor I'll be the coach.I'm deciding if my coaching style will be like,chair throwing Bobby Knight,or calm stoic Tom Landry
oh so ur b-day is in 2 days thats so cool (:
Kristen Wiig was robbed!
ikr like im ready for summer not winter!
OK whatever u decide! U definitely want 8x10 right? Did u want Kristian to sign it 2 or just Peter?
Well ins go see if dance moms comes on again
Twitter still fighting the blog so for now will just put Robert's tweets up.
Hysterical! Cat tweeting. :)
I do, actually. Hmm, I'm not that exciting. I like corn out of the can, and parmesan on everything
On the way down town ready to celebrate the Friday ahead. Woot Woot!!!!
Here we go..this is when the game gets interesting..focus on the game guys!
Interested in performing?Msg for details #FOLLOWBACK Thanx
Since, Feb./Mar., my weekends have been traveling and competing! Not sure if it will slow down, but I'm not sure if I want to either!
me to! my face was just like ... :O
RT I ignore texts. I let the phone ring. It’s nothing personal, but people need to realize that sometimes I just don’t wanna talk
hit me up text duece to 49798 to grab my info
I am not sure why more teams don't run the triangle. The rules of the offense calls for space for players + 2 players back on def.
#FridayReads A Visit From the Goon Squad by Jennifer Egan and your tweets.
Now we just have to see what kind of epic trophy you get tonight!
We make judgments every day on what stories to do and how to do them. Deciding 92 % is important is a judgment. Come on.
No question about it. dUKe
Damn, broke a string 2nite. It's been a long time since that happened. With Elvin, it happened much more frequently. I wonder why?
me too! I forgot to go look today. I was glad you pointed it out. ;)
i didn't buy into bryzgalov being the messiah. i'm less convinced from game to game.
We are excited for the GPB's SPRING KICK-OFF CONCERT!
I LOVE that song. I bop down the street when it comes on. "It never faaaaaaillls. ..."
oh hey look its me! :P lol jk
ate a watermelon sour patch from my shoe
After three delays I've finally landed in Boston!
RT ": Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard for someone else to understand."
Camel toe. Check.
Just got all the phones in my house & voted for
#SheenRoast Not very good.
I been thinkin bout u.... I been bout foreva frank ocean vc
Counting down to Sherlock tonight!
Thank you, Brian.
Gamsa = Thanks or Thank you. It's the Korean word for Thank you. Lol Gamsahamnida is the longer "version". ^^
thanks love yew tew!!
Lets play some COD guys, add me up WARGHOSTisHIM on XBL of course
You got that right!!!
Unfortunately the show tonight got cancelled cause of a lightning strike :( dead serious...sorry guys!
U guys R my favorite bands/singers! Please have a concert in Seattle! RT!
18 min left
Had a server go down day before last. Just lost a laptop today. Technology make us more productive?
wasn't that great either. :(. But now I'm off to the planetarium :)
Sad but true. RT : I think I need to take a break from reading articles about racist assholes. Hard to do lately.
man...sorry to hear dat...but fuck...nigga u stay focused
Menu now posted on our facebook page...www.facebook.com/offtheclockbar
Show someone who much you love their face. Give the gift of beauty everyone need a good facial!
Thank you guys for sharing this article with your followers! Hope it helps :-)
My heart is pure & full of love. Accept it. Please don't break it
Don't u wish sometimes they could really see through ur dark unhappiness just so they could stop stoning & passing judgement against u
I agree! Perplexed b/c you're right, we often share goals/ideas. I heart following both or your tweets though!
gets bored easily.
I'm good. Do u know Who I am
is that your arm?
but of course
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
guess what i had for dinner (: UR FAVORITE FOOD. <21
lol in Ms.Osborne class we don't do shit too
Opening plenary by Duderstadt at #cni12s on reinventing the research university.
Everyone waits until the day is following them on Twitter. For me, that day is today. Cheers!
Happy berfday to the love of my life the big 30 woot woot cheers to another year!!!
Happy Lupercalia, the Roman holiday where young women who want kid run around naked and get whipped by boys with skins of sacrificed goats.
Grinded my way to victory (or at least, a lead, since there's plenty of day left!)
Migraines suck! I need fried chicken and sweet tea. Don't think they have that in SanFran.
So is following don't even know what to say....
There's this senior in my school who has sex and everybody knows it. SO gross.
What store?!
"If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much." - Donald H. Rumsfeld
Always remember when things are going bad...they can and probably will get worse.
I hope people really don't think I care, cuz I don't !
The vicinity of my house to #MillerPark is definitely a boon!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 5
D: all of the above \8^)
App marketers seeking max growth should market heavily during big events. Those seeking value should wait for the week following the event.
cause i tried and tried to walk away, but i know this crush ain't going away...
Happy Mom's day to all the special Moms out there. Thank God for my Mom. Prayers for my wife as this 1st MD w/o her Mom.
Thanks, man. I dug your review. We were pretty close to the stage too, though on the right side, just wide of the mosh pit.
damn just made me wanta go visit really badly. miss it even though i only keep in contact with 4 people
I know it is preseason, but it is damn good to see football
is taking her dance lesson today for dancing with 12 news this morning. Good luck sally!
there is definitely a vast collection of choices to choose from.
ah hahaha wow that sounds extremely dirty
Excited to be working in book marketing in Detroit! Go !
Get your Star Wars tickets early (to avoid waiting in lines) at the Plaza Box Office (Opens at 9am).
my roommate wants to go because Louisville plays Kentucky for March madness so it will be an insane party!
Work :/ and homework ):
I don't take my whiskey to extremes. don't believe in chasing crazy dreams. my feet are planted firmly on the ground.
hahahaha funny stuff, funny stuff
Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
yeah, i know sam. i didn't know hw follwed me... i ain't dat cool. haha. take care of NYC for me!
I liked the crackers lol
I did the Pappy 15 and Noah's Mill 15 last night.
thank you!!
True friends lift you up. Lucky to have great friends like who keep me laughing and motivated!
Thot is was dead? RT : Hope for extension of wind PTC? Part of payroll tax cut legislation being discussed now
That's how you do it!! ;)
That awkward moment when a fellow simpsonizer that you found on twitter lives closer to you than you think...
*looks at the mighty Knight and shares a smile with him * Bigger.
Why are you not following me? :(
Had a wonderful time again at Thanks for the amazing drinks, food and service!
Oh chocolate and pop how I've missed you so!
Trivia tonight at 7. $3 Captain Morgan and Avery beer specials.
Good effort for capturing alt-metrics from #TotalImpact from
i'm slightly appalled at how excited i just got about my long awaited invite
Let's hope so! I am still cheering for Dayana or The Hulk to win. They are my favorites! Who do you want to win?
Can't wait!!!! Thank you all so much for sponsoring me!!!
And... I'm officially crying over Love him.
Kudos to on a great event! The buzz in the room is palpable. #MandA and #privateequity outlook strong.
Planning things in your head......hoping it happens.....
#Loneliness can be both mental and physical
We have some awesome tips for Colorado Parents thinking about instruments for their kids for - interested?
What a nice surprise running into today
Can't it be time to go to Copenhagen yet? Also, after an almost solid 12 hours on this project, I'm not sure I can face it again just yet.
Analyzing &amp; Accounting for Search Partners
BTW, I love the jewely you made on your page... VERY NICE!
how's it going?:)
I am absolutely incapable of reading a book unless I have a steaming cup of Earl Grey in my hands
"It was the best dang kiss that I ever had.. Except for that long one after that." <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I think she is fabulous, love her work!
Thank you again for all your help : ) I will look at the link that you provided.
thanks for the john + john sandwich love!
Why a week, painting cannot be done in a week drawing yes! Even if not done in 1 week, still worth it late...you should see them!
georgia's weather is really crazy last night we had black ice and it got down to low 20's and today it got up to 50 and rained all day
did you survive?
I thought I heard my name twice ;).
Hey,good(: yours?
How do you get away with the things you say on Family Guy? Lol
oh well Doesn't matter lol
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
#SPRINGBREAK2014 CAN'T WAIT GOING TO FLORIDA!!! IOKFRKGE0WPSAL
We've been called the Amazon Club.
3 for 3 is in your future against them.
Awesome! RT : Noteworthy stuff going on here! Didn't miss a single tax deduction & that was just from using his business card!
I'm starting to like Spanish class more and more. Not for the Spanish part, but for the people in the class.
lauren always has dresses
#elderlaw, fixed annuities guar if market goes down you won't lose your money. Mike Ford, SOFA
Referral Friday SKGraphicDesign for Websites and anything graphic, Ruth Otero for a great actress and if you want to write your own show.
So disappointing when you find a whole in your new shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095>
Shout out to the homie
Had the most fun on set of Mission Park.Saw all my friends.Lol.Awesomeness!
I don't see how that was a penalty kick
I think we have a real problem of leadership....in the clubhouse and dugout...#VMartWe MissYou!
Have a magical Saturday! “: U bring something beautifully original 2 the world..something no1 else has 2 offer. #TheSW”
RT Slight correction in the trademark story: Cafe Hon's facebook page was deleted (their Twitter account too).
"what's the matter with Jesus" lol
Blast you , for making me weep on the bike at the gym!!!
cheers to the freakin' weekend. < i think i say that every friday.
Trying to write a 7 page paper before 7:30 so I can watch the Caps/B's game
MUST FIND THE TACO BUS!!!
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :Night-night. I learned this word today."night-night"
Mr. Cooper!! Here wanna a follow you to me!! Man please! :3 God bless ur family and you C:
Happy birthday from New York :D
Can we get a fact checker in here?
So we have and I all on set today with !
that is awesome. 3 auditions in one day? Save some for me bro!
“: Ahh, Indian hair is where its at if you want a good weave. They do have some gorgeous hair” what yu talkin bout LBVS
we gotta learn how to keep moving ahead in Faith, even when we don't have all the answers
yep! Cenas lip looks a ton better
do you have a facebook?? If you do you should be my friend on there :D
Follow us and wfb.
I love love love that tattoo! :)
Thanks so much! And thanks for coming out last night :). We'd love to see you in SF!
Yahoo! Taxes are ready to be filed.
Don't forget! The Lifetime Barbie Doll Collector Auction starts on Sunday!
#SexPlaylist J. Valentine, Chris Brown, & Pleasure P - Beat it Up !!
rip it up sopes! btw, your game has been smart and tough last few matches it's like we got a whole new team in ATL this year ;)
Does it taste good ? Let me try. Lol
How goes the track? We're pumped to hear it buddy. Hope all is well in the city!
This is one of the worst days of my life.
Your opinion really doesn't mean shit to me.
good plan! but seriously can we all go this weekend?
What happened to the zoning agenda?
well played paulie.
Haha Why would you answer any other way? You're pretty loyal.
yes I am you're leader i am you're leader your not a believer suck a big d
#MUSICREVIEWS Louise Dearman - Here Comes The Sun - Big Hand Recordings
Trying to learn how to spell Nieuwenhuis and Jeurys without looking. Will probably need that knowledge someday.
Tbh I just want to hurry and perform so I can stop watching.
i miss my dog YOGIE WHO FOLLOW MY SISTER GO JOGGING AND MY LOVELY DO GONE!
thanks for the tweet paula :)
So many photo possibilities!
I will go ape shit if I don't play ball tonight. I am playing over near your house, rockburn.
Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!! Free Limo rides! $75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
I have a billion and one random thoughts an questions snorkeling around in my brain...
Michael Jackson was nominated for 12 Grammy awards and won a record eight in 1984- InSpotter app
#needmoresun not tan enough yet?? Lol
bj won't be going anywhere. I think we spooked him around trade deadline-he won't be saying anything dumb soon
Continuous income <U+0096> Increased income through niche marketing is done as you spread out the products in various niche markets
Understand. It's bad. I blieve respectful discussion/debate is how we solve probs & move forward. Respectful part gets forgotten.
It's a No Cover #ClassenCrawl this weekend , Hilo, & ! Playoffs start tomorrow, #ThunderUp!!!
My friend said 11:11 make a wish and i starting screamin lyrics hehe <WeMissAustin!>
Passed two rabbits walking home from lab, never seen that much air from a bunny hop.
Kid built LEGO cell phone, now sitting on stairs telling knock-knock jokes into it. "Interrupting cow. [PAUSE] Mo!"
U guys shud hav ben mentioned n the article.1of the premier teams n our state. Always competitive nationally, always well-coached
THANK YOU for sharing! You're such an inspiration!
Time for a taco and a beer
It's National Foster Care Month
nice to see you rocking the Motown on Mondays yet again
There's nothing like coming home from school after an absolutely horrid day and taking a 3 hour nap
damn haha it's fine ps I hope you were alive to hand in our papers!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I think the dolphins crush the jets...what u think?
Please all the followers of watchnhllive go to www.watchnhllive.com register and watch all the games live and join our forum thank you all.
it has only taken me a few days but thanks 4 RT, Beth!! How are you? Like your new city?
#BestPickUpLines "Shut up and let me protect you!"
Way to hyped right now. Primetime under the lights lets go!
then I might just sing to you ;)
Read our NEW TRAFFIC BLOGS
Welcome back to twitter it must be time for another #swrbc!
Down there, more like a Tea Party Rally
Audience or cast. HAHAHA
Anybody using a new MacBook Air as a main dev machine? How's it working out?
It was awesome! Thanks for asking. They are doing one in SD in November... you should do it!!
“: If you do mean something to an #Aquarius, they'll do everything in their power to make you smile, no matter what”
ur in my country.... :P
Really startin to feel 's flow
Hey its been so longg we havent spokenn ! :D
In utter shock over the tragic news of former New England Patriot, Junior Seau. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
even though you probably won't see this i just wanted to say i think Pink Champagne is legit addicting<U+2665>
I was going through things I was tagged in and accidently unfavorited it. So, I put it back.
you guys are all being too kind today. I'm going to have to buy lunch.
Stop fibbing...you loved every minute
RT Q2: 2nd quarter of 2011 is now under way - share with us your big goals through June.
Evening everyone! I'm Lydia, a library student and PT staff member
See you on the bus! Buses leaving from Long Island, Staten Island, Brooklyn, Bronx, Syracuse, Buffalo, and Manhattan bright and early.
is it me or the numbers are messed up on here ? 123456789
what r you doin up so late boy
Lol Hudler's comment about arm-chair managers was my favorite of his so far.
Tweeting onthe treadmill makes this Linda difficult.
That's my old hood! Enjoy.
Thank you! If you employ young adults, take this survey on youth employment in Washington state. You'll be helping the WRA
I LOVE THIS:) ~ We should always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart~ (Anon).
-Got My #middlefingerup Cause I Don't Give A Fuck
getting my workout done before my "tanning session." So far so good!
Busy busy day... Off to my next meeting. I hope everyone shows up on time. I have a 6pm/8pm/and a final 9:30pm meeting to close out the day.
sent me goodies: snacks and gift cards. A great surprise--thank you!
First Skype date with my babe #success! Lesson for today "Carry yourself as a Prince and have the mindset of a Warrior"
kk & get some sleep
Have U seen "Survivors" ? Maybe the Best Post-Apocalyptic Series of All TIme. This shit is FUCKING UNBELIEVABLE
You rule!
Watching Workaholics ^-^
Jon Anderson's in my kitchen looking for snacks. Squire moved into my shed. Bruford owes me $50 for breaking my lawn mower.
Today's plan: 1) #backup 2) go through the file of articles & clippings.Goal: read all, toss 70% 3) Back to work on the book
Customer rented this from me last night at Vulcan. She raved about it. I'll take this as a sign.
it's funny that peeps that preach acceptance get the most offended at differing points of view. Go get it player
I Know its ben forever (:
Beyonce is giving it to me this morning. What the key change. Yes girl.
My two boys are playing "Star Wars" and my 6 y.o. keeps insisting to my 3 y.o. that, "there are no puppies!"
thanks for the mention! Wm Dobkowski
Need to get my #prom ticket
Hell yea we have the same taste in music
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
I snort a line of espresso before I make my espresso.
Can't believe Delmon Young only got 7 games for hate crime. What if it was white on black or black on white? John rocker got 28 games.
The pony fetish must stop. Now clown a piñata, that's a fail safe plan for making friends at our tailgates #partystorerun?
Welcome to Twitter Soon you too will be ignoring the laws of punctuation.
you can do this !
united states :))
Say goodbye to year 2010 and welcome a brand new year 2011! Make 2011 the year You become your own Boss! www.fastfixfranchise.com
tell me about it
Newt saying "how can I talk to someone who blatantly lied." Uh, Newt, what about your affairs?
"We eat bitches like her for breakfast"
YessirRT shid u know I am bro. U ready?
You're the only one, cause I don't trust these bitches.
I would tweet you all the time. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
lol, yes, I guess that's one plus for an early start to the day! Have a good one :)
WORD RT : They're for faggots RT : do yal use a holster when yal carry?
you should come to the oc fair this summer (:
People ride their lawn mowers on roads. O.o I am stuck in a hick town!
yea I notice lol
Join the many that want to improve Georgetown's Technology...more information and Blog coming soon
Happy Birthday to your Dad!.:-) :-)
after seeing my sisters get in a fight im thinking i feel bad whoever has to take a hit from them
Bringin saggy ol lady tights back. Today.
« « Twitter > FaceBook»»
Haha. We should hang out sometime. We miss you so much!
whoopsies....guilty as charged “: If you're still wearing ugg boots this week #killyourself”
kicking it off tonight at the mobile meetup, talking about iPhone UI/UX design principles
someone cute, dm or tweet me ;)
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
Thanks for showing me around!
I wonder if I am supposed to feel bad that some guy I never heard of unfollowed me & put me on his unfollow list? Some people are odd.
Thks 2 everyone who participated n my concert survey 2 day
3 games I have upset picks are going right now. And I'm watching them all right now.
Imagine how many HRs Griffey Jr. would've hit if he used steroids as much as A-Rod did...can steroids cure pulled hamstrings?
Frito broke off in the bean dip. Had to get my hands dirty to get it out.
I won a Mendenhall jersey literally 3 minutes b4 you fumbled. Is it bad luck or should I wear that puppy with pride?
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for. -Socrates
Nice! Congratulations.
just ate an entire box of Cap'n Crunch, fuck it.
both ejected?
This weather puts me in the pissy mood
must be in a good mood. wasn't until the guitar solo that I realized I was singing along to 'Beat It' at full volume with the windows down.
erin really needs to wake up and pick up her fucking phone.
Why not bring in Matusz to secure a sweep.
love it!
Today is 11/02/2011. The date backwards is 11/02/2011. You will never see that again in your lifetime.
what's the average time for girls
hah! good one, you just got lucky
Chatted with CMO of a company I real admire and then went home and changed a very dirty diaper.
Once again, Björk's Vespertine is putting me into a state of bliss.
how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen?? I'm in the same boat, I need advice!! XO
Welcome back OSBLN members:
The next big event I'll be participating in, via The Artisan Group, is the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards, in September! Stay tuned!
It's crazy how #socialmedia allows you to watch a big story make it's way through all of the big news outlets.
Finished 's The Postmortal on Thanksgiving. Made me thankful in a Holy shit humans could be much worse sort of way. (read it)
Getting my ready for my awesome acting class with Working on my scene!
I'm happy to!
spotted. He wishes he we're on his new sailboat.
OK, now I am REALLY sorry I'm not there! RT: Dry-aged burger with garlic aioli, red onion, and watermelon salad.
Stumbled upon nyu's graduation (party!).. Oh memories...
Apologies in advance to our customers. Chili contest at city hall today..... Better open some windows
is there a Video on YouTube were he said that I wanna watch it!!!
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP xx
yep its a mommy and four little piggys :3 I saw them on the side of the road
Just checking...
Gearing up to start new workout program. This time w/boyf
yes good job. And we can play the Olympic game now to get ready for ropes
will you send me the picture of us?
so when is Tao Miami coming?? Was in Vegas early this year and heard the rumor!! Hope it happens!!!!
Funny how stuff like that always happens!
WAMU? Like the (late) bank?
and poof it's gone. i hope you all have a VERY happy Valentines Day <3
trying to fly out but can't! Need to change ticket and the line is here to the #Magical Kingdom...I need a fast pass.
I thought the Yanks had a rule against bad facial hair
Creative Cause will be 8th. Speed horses still out there - Hansen and Trinniberg. Post 1 still out.
of course! You get a 50% ownership stake.
thanks kindly for the retweet!
you better get that out of your purse
What is the current best practice to detect and redirect users on mobile browsers to a different version of your site?
Jaron's Opens 2nd N.J. Furniture Store Discount furniture retailer Jaron&rsquo;s Furniture Outlet held a grand opening Sunday of a new lo
fly your ass down...3 party houses THREE FUCKING HOUSES!
just saw you on gol tv my dude
Thank You So Much! Can't Wait Til' The ICONic Boyz Go On Tour. I'm From Colorado, Waiting For March To Get Here. :)
Arizona Catholic school canceled game because of girl on other team. "[We aim] to instill respect for women" Yeah, it's called sportsmanship
congrats bud. we love you.
did you remember? :)
Happy happy happy :)
from the question on youtube weird news that u post a few mins ago
yo CJ ... I smell buffaloes college football in the air!!!!
What a day for Joey V.
wht needs to change is the perception tht a piece of clothing gives u the right to judge sum1's charachter
thx for the assist yesterday...
What if I'm that gullible hipster? You know my weakness for brooches & pins.
You can see this #pubcampwest discussion live at pubcamp.tumblr.com. Current topic: election coverage.
Who's ready for a soundcheck
People who ruin your statuses with their pointless comments...
you're fine :)
Tonight, East meet West Bash @ columbus Square..Best music from motherland in town..see u there
Happy with life!
it's a dollar <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B5> hahaha not that bad
Friday Friday, Gotta get down on Friday.
Our guitarist started it after one of his friends passed. We are working are working hard! Thank you for your support(:
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up! They're on the map!!!!
I'd rather spend a minute in your arms than a week in heaven
& debating the best spot to buy buttplugs in LA
sissy what county is tifton in??
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Mind=blown. ;)
RT : If we live in constant fear of people's thoughts of us and avoid or fight their challenges & critiques, we won't grow.
why do rich people assume we want to nno how they got rich
If you feel the excerpt can stand on its own, we encourage it! An excerpt may always be submitted as a story.
Digital Bookmobile this Tuesday! learn how to download FREE eBooks from
OH YEA LIL UGLY
: contradictory impulses of professionalization: democratic yet monopolistic
He did exactly what I thought he would... Out of sight... Out of mind
She was pissed and cried n way like I love you, ahah niqqa I was dyin laughin. #Move Around Mami
lmafoo I have a gift for you ;)
#ICantStandPeopleWho claim they down wit you through whatever then when the time comes to be there for you they're no where to be found
no so scary cool, see you mañana don't rush we have an hour worth of stuff to cover first
I remember that, it was on New year's Eve. :-)
Lets do it! lol
Calling all cops and autobots I hope that you're still there...
Will I ever learn my lesson? Sipping Gatorade and laying on the heating pad.
#crazytown RT : 50 miler done! Happily ensconced in a seat at Chevy's drinking a beer and eating something other than Gu.
Not going to vote for Newt but no question Juli Weiner is snarky and a member of Obama's Palace Guard.
RT So.... I'm on this diet... n its killing me softly.. I wish I had a friend to come exercise with me..
first tweet from the new "real time" twitter app from the new mac app store...this is pretty cool :)
is following her so you should too!!!!! FOLLOW <FOLLOW
That moment when you realize you've totally done your midterm paper wrong 5 minutes after you turn it in.
PSU plates to be on Missouri roads soon
Liking that diagram
Sitting in the airport, waiting to take a twelve hour flight back home to see John!
Hi you! Happy Friday! I'm at the office pretending to work & clock-watching:) What's up with lovely you?
I'd love for him to come back. Stoopid crows.
Thanks for your visit on Saturday!
Oh, just listening to Savage Garden and being awesome.
keynote at #DellWorld. IT security key issue globally. 100k new threats daily. SecureWorks monitors 15B events daily.
please keep Alpine Spring year round!
hands down, The pimpin fries are amazing.
oh my gosh, i would be INSANE amounts of grateful.
Not everything is about you, princess (from mutton chops)
follow please? hehehe(: she loves you to death.
true. Then you have to deal with his attorney named, "Nails" and it starts a whole thing. I just prefer to eat the soup
thanks that made me feel better :-)
love beyonce knowles and killing lil kids at night! heheheh im joking!
Colleges of ed must give future teachers online teaching experience.
"Folks, David McIntosh is the real deal. We need to pour money into this race to help him combat a coordinated attack from pro-choicers."
lol i thik i know wat u mean i was on vacation not to long ago
Tonight on Pittsburgh Foundation Performance in Pittsburgh: Duquesne's Voices of Spirit, Sara Botkin w/Chatham Baroque, Previn & the PSO!
I've been ready for an hour....
We missed you last night. It was (and is) a perfect family friendly ride.
Thx for the follow! Love how you're using your Announcement Wall. Good luck this Spring, and don't be a stranger!
Factors In Modern Day Life That May Affect Your House Insurance
American idol ;) but ima take a shower right noww so see you tommrow byee :)
awww poop! Its ok Ms. Try txting me here and then
Hanging at the with .. One time for
"Piano Man" revelation: Paul (the real-estate novelist who "never had time for a wife") and Davy (in the navy for life) are gay together.
Welcome the #writer to Twitter--he's good people.
RT : ASTD's 2012 International Conference & Expo begins this weekend! Keep up with all that's happening by following
Kara's birthday tonight at Dave's Waters Edge. Stop down later and say, "Hippo birdies to you."
WAH DID YOU WATCH THE VAMP SHOW TONIGHT??!?! OMGOMGlol
adding new House MD banners to our today
hmm... Today.. Or next weekend... Ur choice... :b
whats up with your employer? A third time I had two interviews and no offer. We know I am quality so hay, why? I jest my friend
Sunday afternoon and you cant sell tickets? Cleveland is gay
Being a total internet-couch-potato this morning. Must escape the MacBook's gravitational pull.
WHERE RU ? xoxox :)
& .... Together?! Ha hello haters
Thanks so much for the follows!
Excited to see oomf this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
this is exactly what happened to me!
I make Detroitexploitation #Funk. Google, go to Amazon or #ITunes and enter a #Detroit Street/Place & my name. Told You.
at least he visits me and cuddles
"It's my birthday tomoz." please use correct grammar omg.
Just got back from a networking meeting. It was EARLY but very productive. Ready for a great day!
Did I use "hands-down" correctly in last Tweet? Just realized: maybe I don't know what it means.
#FF - one more amazing YA writer to add: - the author of forthcoming Velveteen !
Bring the rock tonight, Mean Melin!
The thirst is alive on my TL.
Looking forward to your visit to the TC this weekend. Let us know if you can stop by the station for a visit!
Thanks for the RT on our #ypnworkshop next week!
ah, you must have just broke it, we were JUST texting but okay thats fair. Draw.
also, thanks for showing so many women in the beer industry in your movie.
at sitting for 3hrs
That Is Lovely Sometimes Its The Complete Opposite ...
probably valid to send, just don't know if they're analyzed or just rounded to an int.
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNED IN AND EVERYONE WHO IS LEAVING FEEDBACK ON OUR FACEBOOKS WE LOVE YOU
All of a sudden the #douchebagcardinalsfan sitting next to isn't too boisterous
Fleas can be a huge problem-consult with your Vet
Solid indie folk release today, get ready for the lullaby-themed album “A Little Heart Like You” from
I can't believe I'm at school and today is National Signing Day
Aaron Gordon is THE NASTIEST Player in High School Basketball And Hes ONLY a Junior - high school basketball
Sigh ... #PTL for dreams coming true, for finding purpose. All in His time.
#recipeoftheday who would love a Sicilian eggplant and zucchini wrap on an airport for a meal?
I love you baby. I'm holding on. I won't ever let go.
it's your fault! All the mean jokes you make!!!! Haha but seriously <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Did anyone catch - Mitt just opened our national parks to drilling.
Thank you all for the support you've given me and as we step out into this new venture of owning a bookstore.
very cool!
MSG IS BACK??? When the fuck did this happen and why was I not informed!!
America, I have ZERO political experience and why is I can create jobs and the Federal Government can't????
Lol well is it a compliment
I demonstrate integrity. I am congruent, I demonstrate humility, and I act with courage in doing the right things.
LOL!! RT : Happiness is starting the day and learning your wife has used your coffee mug to scoop dog food with
Im having fun with iris, she kicks siri's ass
yooo they might not cancle Secret Circle on the 17th there gonna say what there cancling on tv theres a list they pick omfg
Why are 's tweets so amazing!
Been on such an arduous path, full of failure and disappointments, but I WILL change it, and my world will never be the same.- Kevin
Chicago has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Nothing yet! I forgot to get pertinent information from my modem so I could call from work during business hours.
My pleasure!
my looks and how hot I am.
texting him Me: its so hot outside him: sorry i'll go inside now <3 lol
obviously with mark and miles and danny coughlin hbu??
Great #SXCustServ panel -- nicely focused, useful tips! Thanks, !
hahaha ahh yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> it's okay though 'cause we'll know that he'll be happy lol.
Getting a lot more shows now, and this weekend we are recording our good quality full length album in Terre haute, it's goin to be great...
RT If you cried when you saw the Titanic <U+E411><U+E408><U+E411><U+E408><U+E411>
RT : This isn't just a huge, huge win for Premier Redford . It's a win for good old Alberta common sense.
Nice group! #ff and thanks
IN KALAMAZOO MI, MY MAMA ATTENDED WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY THEN BEGAN HER TEACHING CAREER
So stoked to work with you guys! A Burgh event not to miss... I'll be dropping mola on vintage items July 29
Thanks for following
You been where widd who
What is HelloGiggles??
Gloomy day. Gloomy mood. Can we put yesterday on rerun please?
hehe Right back at ya! RT : Happy St Paddy Thai!!!
You niggaz content is OK. But my team is O-SHIT!
It's a 7 point game. Hey, #JoeBuck, try not to sound so disappointed.
"15 tied at 0"... I mean, that's a form of teamwork, right?
Can't make it to for tonight's Mammoth game? Tune in on or online Go Mammoth!
How much more money has the #Tea Party and the #GOP put in your pocket?
RCA Victor still trying to name pocket radio: Handy-Andy, Dwarf, Pardner, Skippy, Falconette, Midge, Half Pint, Snuggler, Smuggler, Pigmy
Is family-friendly TV going extinct?
If the #lakers really did hire Mike Brown, the residents of Los Angeles should be crying into their car flags. . .
87-94% of visitors find a site on the FIRST page of a search!
I HAVE A FETISH FA A MAN WITH A NICE BUTT NIPPLES AND ARMS.... BUT NIPPLE RINGS...M I WNT TO TRY THAT ONE OUT. HE NEED TO GET AT DIS 1..
We'll be looking forward to it!
Steve Dushocki......."the Party's in his Pants"
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that been there wit from day one when y'all was walkin every where to driving together
We are a graphic design company. Let us hook you up! Check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com
Radio and the cherp of birds shall put me to sleep to nite
I wouldn't change a thing. <3
amen! I freaking hate it!!
How Social Login Enhances Websites
Was looking to get a review..not for posting in the Post per se, but something I could use elsewhere...even on the site.
What to wear to the Joywave Planetarium show? A Neil tie, son
how was i not following until right now?!?!
4 letter word:)!!! love
Coming soon: Black History Trivia!!! Look out for our Twitter and Facebook Page Alerts !!!!!
Oh I love grenade too......
finally walking down stairs to the gym lol :-)
Dr. Berthrong wants to quote my definition of globalization. Apparently today is a day when I'm really on.
I love DJ'n at the club on the weekends when the youngins come out and get shitty! I hate working during the week for these pathetic fucks!
Everyone please follow im tryin to help him reach a million followers n he could really use ur help too.Follow & RT thanx-bri
Friends, concerts, brawls, oh and mosh pits!!!!
Apply for summer study away. Dublin deadline: Feb 15. London deadline: March 1. Montreal deadline: March 1.
": It's a rainin'." And its a pouring.
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable and irresistible to all women ... she turned him into a credit card!
Who want to talk on da Phone??
“: There are people that can draw like Picasso and, then theres me that can barely draw a stick figure. #whateves” hahaha
Hii Bieebs How are you today ? I love you <U+2665>
If you like to party and make bad decisions follow our boys
What the fuck is up with people hating on people who are not like 3 and twitter? Can we all say stupid and immature?
RT : Great seeing on the Martha Stewart Show this morning. Selected as a staff favorite. It's a good day for tea!
Neuer is just amazing. Watched the saves again twice, channeling Kahn there.
I'm so glad that I have my dog, the only constant in my life right now
thanks so much for the shout-out!
Tailgated a Volvo with a dead deer duct taped to the roof for 5 miles. Rochester, NY windshield decal. Cool folks you got there
Obama addressing concerns seniors must be thinking abt as they graduate #barnard2012 ; makes reference to reproductive health, wages.
BEAUTIFUL opening day for the #Yankees. Sunny skies. High: 67. First Pitch temp at 1:05 PM: 62 degrees under sunny skies.
Oh dang that sounds m!
Take care of the little things, and the big things will take care of themselves
How you in 12th grade fucking with every girl below your grade?
Guys...when u go to restaurants...you should leave when youre done eating. Your server wants to give the same delightful service to more ppl
Pray about the meeting on Mar 5 between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
will you be the outside reader on my dissertation committee? I'm in the history department.
Complicated relationship with Speaktoit: I insulted her for not making a call, she said that wasn't nice, I apologized, she says we're cool.
thanks for the RT.
The #AgnusDei in #Byrd's Mass for 4 Voices is the 2nd best of any in the #Renaissance period
Can't believe we are 3 weeks away from #SXSW! It's gonna be an awesome time! If you attend the Trade Show, stop by and check out our
#slantyeyes not mean at all
Its like I never stopped loving you when we broke way...its just that I'm not 'INLOVE' with you...
here is your afternoon tweet. I hope everyone is having an amazing day!
The National Dry Eye Conference was a hit with a great turnout and monumental guest speakers! Congratulations to
that's probably a better idea... :/
snotty nose... foggy lenses...
Happy Monday to the Southern California Courts. Are you ready to distribute fairness this week?
Bout To Hop In The Shower . >>>
The Winner! Body Talk w Kate Grace! ESPN,1700 AM, Sat. 8-9am. All orthopedic & sports injuries & best way to Fix them !!
Now it's time for the Top Off!
no not my ass the skill I learned/ have BADASSNESS
The Adamouski Biannual- The international competition for all emerging artists. We promote the visual individual-"Adamouski"
LOL RT : Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated. Again. Signed Cash.
No matter how hard it gets focus and push ahead!
Some people look like fish.
April is Friends of Trees month at the Timbers team store at Jeld-Wen. TY ! Stop on by and donate to help plant trees!
We've had a phishing incident: if you've received a DM from us tonight, pls delete! We're addressing the issue now. Thx for your patience!
Playing Kirk Whalum!
blazers reunion time!!
omg..go watch it online!!!
NYC for the Beard Awards...the Oscars of the culinary world! Good Luck Stephanie!
RT : They aren't joking about the delicious margaritas at .... Our trivia performance on the other hand was a joke
went as well as a first show could go. Got me all fired up about the project!
that's so insane!!! If you win remember I raised you who
profile looks good buddy. Burris brats = common interests! PS- run that spell-check! :)
I have five BBQS to hit today, the J.Periiod show tomorrow and Coney Island Wednesday. who says there aint shit todo?
you might not see this but...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!:) #beliebers love u foreva and always!
Nobody likes honey like this black and yellow little fellow. Can you guess who this week’s Nostalgicon icon is?
Drop in for great afternoon playing board games. We'll have a game for everyone, plus cookies to decorate, too! Come and have some fun!!
lol I'm guessing that's just to name a few lol
Vent brother lol...personally yes it gets frustrating/old but regardless it is great to watch these young guys grow win or lose
Gotdamn if we don't get our ass to sleep lol.
The Silver Ring Thing is for fags who get no game.
Brewing a lighter version of our Irish Amber Ale for the lightweights... And bottled some AA, our good ole American Ale.
Best one liner ever from my dad I hate divorce I rather just find a girl I don't like and buy her a house
He'll prove his worth on the field! #leggo RT : he should have been 5 or 6
Nice job not coming to Hood River today.
it would be fun to see them repeat.
HWGWG = Hot White Girl With Guitar!
chris brown is qbert
yeha i think its through the pgh lax store ill let ya guys know more as i find out
Blastoff Network welcomes The Disney Store as one of our newest retail partners - We love Disney!
"Unique" decisions by the Boards of Ed happen close to home too. Not all members have good grip on ed issues.
Idc just from the start I know this vid gone be good
Listening to while painting. Nice results =]
Poor Mitt might not even win over BHO he is not aiming high enough...
I've seen it in motion outside my office here in DC.
Google Penguin Update Recovery Tips &amp; Advice
Thank you for checking in with us and ! We hope you enjoyed your stay.
I want you to stay with me, by my side, I swallow my pride. Your love is so sweet, it knocks me right off of my feet (:
Oh (: Lol.. That pic <3 “: i cant get over my profile pic ”
It is the ceptic side of Twitter. The only standards here are self-imposed.
Chicory coffee, crunches & Coltrane... great way to start the day.
this made crack up :D Getcho dusty shoes outta hea lol
“: Curtis Painter looks like a chunky Don Majkowski.” // HA! Thought the exact same thing! His slouchy shoulder pads rule!
stop being so perfect all the time, holy bejesus..
Excellent lunch with Great conversation and terrific 2 meet interesting people through Twitter.
Great goal by former player Joe Pavelski to win the game for the Sharks in OT.
8 more days to the BIG DAY
Cold bed sheets >
I'm going to be going out with mike tonight for his 21st birthday. What's going on?! What are you doing?
RT Start of my new diet today. Six small meals. Exercise twice a day.
You always got so much pride, but once you look in my eyes its over. You even told me bout when you was younger.
I thought that article was dope, too...
haha. im out of luck...
Corey Hart, I love you. This is why you're my favorite. #Brewers I thrive off Corey Hart HRs.
Apparently, Ron Artest sponsored the ending of Madonna's halftime show.
I'm pretty much over today.
Nice addition to the chat list! Thanks for the RT :)
ACHE Summer Social @ wine bar was great! Always enriching to meet new ppl, especially those w/ a wealth of experience & knowledge to share!
RT - Wily Mo Pena / Arizona Diamondbacks' Wily Mo Pena hits walk-off pinch homer to beat Cleveland Indians
": Lost your knife? Check my back, that's where you last left it."
awww I love him!
I love you! Stay perfect <333
#2011in3words "all behind me"
I would like to attend a ball. Does #milwaukee ever have such an event?
u watchin #RAW ?
Can he get Eric Snow as a throw in?
// There's a video showing just how uneducated one student is and how she disrespects Columbia's president.
instead of Hail to the Chief the band well play Hell Bent for Leather by Judas Priest
The NBA needs saving & the #Celtics r the X-Men of 2011/12: X-Men Save the NBA! Retwet if U believe.
I'm speechless. They actually calls the Celtics for one of those moving picks???
If I had had a cell phone, I would have called the guy in the company van next to me on the road and told him to stop texting while driving.
my dad sick profile pic on Facebook
Rain for President! RT If I'm elected President gas will only cost 1.25$ a gallon. And sushi will always be half price.
no, not yet. Getting some breakfast first. I'll be at 9. See you there man! You'll love the speed networking event!
We are open today from Noon to 10pm!
thank you...aw, don't cry!
I've decided to take a little break from the art auctions. Mainly because I've run out of small originals and need to paint more! :)
..And makes me think of the movie 'How High'
I got you
A PEACEFUL PROJECT DONT WANT HARM IN AND AROUND
If you leave me a voice mail and don't give me your direct extension but a general office number, I will hate you forever. Just saying.
Three branches of gov't are: miltiary, corporate, and hollywood.
who you got?
Some redneck just said America has never lost a war. Some stereotypes are there for a reason.
so , my heart is broken . but i'm still crazy about you .
Watching an episode of Frasier with a most brilliant guest appearance by Michael Keaton. Jeez. I couldn't love him more. *sigh*
“: Aaron Rogers just texted a picture of his ass to Brett Favre saying pucker up” :-)
every1 follow me!! i bet sme ppl tht i cud get at least 1,000 followers by my bday which is june 12th! #NeverSayNever!!!! ;) thanks
#Obama You Rock
is killing it on right now! 15 mins left to call in and ask him anything!
#Knicks like true NY'ers don't go down without a fight!
LMAO I hate when people say that... Like Tf?
Wow...sorry to hear that. Hopefully you heal quick. :)
same, but I still don't know what some of them are. Like this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>...wth is that!? <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
The 2012 Broncos Official Draft Party will be at Tavern Downtown--Thursday, April 26th at 5:30pm. Free and Open to the Public!! Meet...
Loving the land snail chatter thanks to
Thank you for making this loan happen for our buyers - you are incredible - making the impossible - possible! SALUTE!
aw. I sorry!
*sniff* and I thought we had something special.. but If you won't even let me meet Cokie.. I just don't know anymore.
#ilikeobamacare because I won't be denied coverage in the future for a pre-existing condition. Thanks President
Every failure, obstacle or hardship is an opportunity in disguise. Success in many cases is failure turned inside out. ~ Mary Kay Ash
proud that someone found my website by searching "squirrel haircut & wax"
Can't sleep. WHO'S UP
Put These Bitches On Lock Out !
Trying so hard to get to follow me!
WHOAH SHE LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU!!!
You'll never see the inside of my car.
We can't tweet anymore of this nonsense, but congratulations Newt on your victory. It's definitely been entertaining.
yayyyy <3 I know you happy now :)
I Wanna B Her Man
Yeah that's right
RT : If you fail to plan..you're planning to fail
Just tell me how much you love me so that I don't have to cry myself to sleep every night, I know I love and care about u a lot <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
still waiting for word. did you send a line?
thanks so much for the follow - you all are up to fantastic, essential work!
#NowPlaying--->Nobody By The Wonder Girls
“: why is Kenyan taking down others campaign signs? and Hunter as well! ”
the future involves you too
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you're feeling refreshed from the weekend!
I have a new office. 4301 N MacArthur Blvd. Irving 75038. Check out the rendering at ZeroSpinePain.com
That's only 5 yrs but shoplifting minors get a lifetime ban? Talk abt putting customer safety 1st!
I love hicks
it's not summer...
Miss Needles..you hit a Grand "SLAM" last night ! U SLAYED me, U left me in STITCHES ! U were a "DEAD RINGER" 4 Michelle V
I love you sweetie girl! Happy Momma's Day! Xoxo
You are welcome!
the mexican does not speak english
Trust us, you want the next zoom #repeatreceipt 20 away!
Ellie Kemper's skin is flawless. But still not sure that I like that her dress matches her hair...
umm so how are you? i'm guessing not so great considering the mention of killing someones ipod lol
I cautioned my staff that there may be yelling and cheering coming out of my office as I tune in the Michigan game today.
Just 2 candidates for Master of Arts in Religion. Epic high five in front of everyone.
All I hear is lies lies lies and more lies.....
Good morning people.
we got them fresh from the fish market - itfadalee :-) (means "welcome")
. hope you guys can make it to . sometime before Christmas! Eco friendly baby boutique in
ha.... They still don't. Those are all transplant hawks/wings/bruins/rangers fans
omg loved this ep! Daphne's awsome love her and wilke. Tell me he's not leaving the show? I'll miss it during hiatus
What it takes to be Number 1--->Unmatched customer service, dedicated account management and innovative products and solutions.
I think it's really exciting. For lots of things, esp. acad. publishing, where Harvard goes, so goes the crowd. OA ftw!
yea i kno bout that. but ive been hearing rumors and i was.curious if anyone else heard anything.
#Congress if you pass #SOPA, it is undeniably clear that you do not represent the people, but rather your own interests.
:D I love that song
When I don't feel good on a Friday night>>>>>>
got my bills ready to go haywire for that tangy bev.
Sounds great! DM me please.
Hahahaha I'm too inquisitive and outspoken for my own good. I challenge any and everything!!
Hell yeah sub in Weight training!! Basketball today :)'
whoever's the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on
I thought three alcohol shots. I was like DANG. Someone enjoys their Wednesdays! ;)
is having several sneak peeks of the movie across the country. Check our facebooks for details. Free tickets involved!
Hi. I was away for few days traveling. I have no clue about who, how or why RE that hacking issue.
I miss march, that was a good month
“: Is anybody checking for this Tom Cruise/MJB musical?”>>>ugh.
Meh. :( I do too now! I'm still scared though.
"One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak." G. K. Chesterton via
Brew Crew showing signs of life! Long game, can't wait to be there tomorrow morning
how come it's not
Ron is genuine in person as on camera. I got him to sign a painting, and next time he was thrilled to sign the drawing.
Its so hard to tell the people you care about the truth if they are constantly pissing you off! :/
“: I'm not afraid of storms for I'm learning how to sail my ship. - Louisa May Alcott #quote #rocktheretweet RT ” :)
Women are always right! As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
#HalfwayDone. And I still have to pack. Yippee!
thank you!! let's celebrate.
ok... if amber win, she need to send my friend kurt carr a thank you note :-)
I want to punch someone really bad! Not like in an angry way. More of a there are too many "DB"s around me type of way
17 more days
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Nuggets going to say goodnight next game! Have fun with this win
Edline ok map fe rele *Lets pray*
Drink TO This: "Shots" (Prod. Brick Tha Killa)
flat tires are really lame.
ipad raffle ! 15$ for book of tickets 3$ each
thanks for the follow! Hope Remy is still digging us!
. Nothing wrong wit being a "side-line" nigga. shit u aint got 2 deal wit her issues on a daily n all she want is dick.
I know almost everybody but me is sold on CarGo (Carlo Gonzalez). Don't see what the big deal is. Very ordinary away from Coors.
Will this Photoshop trial ever finish downloading?!?
Good call!
hahaha! They have made it a study! Who Comes up w/ these ideas? Hey ya know what we should do a study of?
Hey, remember how awesome swings were?
Bomb versus swaqq(;
You're quite right, and they often test too broadly killing any chances for iteration if things go poorly
We are always available
your welcome!!
whoa thats still far though! :( I thought you meant you were moving to like tennessee!
YOU ARE PERFECT!
- i've used Yahoo! PlaceFinder for a couple of small projects
WOW. My heart is going to explode!!!!!
#Bucks have turned this one around.plus 10 in fourth..who is going to close it on the road?
. I don't say this often, but this is one time 4 me when TV series worked over books.
Waka Flocka & Slim Dunkin "Twin Towers" Best Mixtape. I been slapping this shit for Three Days!!!
I wish I could put a price on your cleverness
its supposed to rain then clear up...its gonna be like 80 something degrees today
Let's make like banana and peel!! RT: quote unquote "MY TAB" #NiceLife RT : "put it on the band card" hahaha”
Yeah. My concern exactly.
Secret of good communication: simple, clear messages, repeated often by a wide variety of trusted sources.
Leap of faith
Lazy Sunday watching Home Movies.
true, to a point. we'll have to see how both sides navigate it.
what's tonirrow
I will survive although it would be impossible.
guess whe'll just have to go back and do it!
you seem happy
SMILE-It will make you look better. PRAY-It will keep you strong. LOVE-It will make you enjoy life ... :)) <U+2665>
omg and now there are tons of sirens going on. seriously. where do I live? Detroit? lol
well...hello ;) -alexis
Nice Chandelier! Who are those 'artists' hacking their way thru sum songs? Thanks for being there!
trying very hard not to get lost in the shuffle
It's $5 MOJITO #Mondays need we say more?!?!
thanks, Shawn!!!
Thanks, Curtis!
Mary had a little lamb !
hahahahahaha so the thing about your teacher made my day bc I used to flipping love that song <3
psssssst. Don't tell anybody...you going?
Thanks 2 all our loyal listeners 4 cont. to listen/support the show helping our aud. get 2 where it is in such a short time. Truly Humbled.
Fighting man!!
No luck for the Irish tonight
Dear Ms.K, You're a great person and all, but I don't give a shit about your final.
Congratulations to today's contest winner Haley Van Noord!! Wishing everyone a safe Cinco De Mayo!
just am #<U+E416>
I think it goes without saying that Jamie Hyneman is the top
well no one would leave you standing! Faulkner, Hemingway, Thoreau, Rumi, and contemporaries here. :)
Shooting with actor Kasey Bell today....looking forward to a great session!
Why are they taking so long??? Seems like a no-brainier to me.
So what do you think? Dance Rogue Sports Bra's ??
Thanks for following! We are looking forward to connecting :)
Hilariously on-point!
Going to Champaign-Urbana on Sunday anyone want to carpool? From Chicago.
But his meltdown is SO EXCITING.
Looks like ill be putting in work for a few years but after its all paid for, it's gonna pay me. Let your money work for you!
HUGE fan of your website! I've been a frequent visitor for months now.
How odd... Sign of the times, I suppose. I hope you had insurance to cover the items?
what's poppin slime?!
The HMS Cherokee and the HMS Tamar have opened fire on the USA Defense in the Charlestown, SC harbor, renewing an attack from yesturday.
back to SLC, Utah
ick, no good!!
So STOKED for Saturdays Clippers playoff game! I will be there loud as ever with my two cousins. Clipper nation!!
Fun Fact: I played a couple seasons of ice hockey when I was young. Reason I picked up ice skates and a hockey stick? A: The MIGHTY DUCKS
I'd rather be in rehearsal.
This bitch.
Things have gotten SO real this week.
Any good? I've often thought about picking up a 6, but the label seem so comical.
Yes, ha-ha, good one! RT : thx for the RT. rinse and repeat on Saturday.
damn yo it felt weird not workin last night sheesh
Thanks, you too!
Do you still get to go home to let the dogs out in the middle of the day?
“: Hey, Mitt Old Boy, hate crime and assault aren't a prank. Why didn't he get suspended? His parents were rich. Case closed.
We are so proud to be part of such a strong community! Congrats Zuffa, you actually did the right thing! No Hoelzer Reich clothing allowed!!
Our pool is open until 11p.m.
I was out of my mind, my head was screwed up, Jesus saved me, Ha ha ha ha hallelujah!!! new favorite song!!
A cool mothers day gift if she is old school and needs a new phone. The Droid Razr 4G LTE at Verizon is awesome. good deal right now! -Bobby
RT : Revelations in mobile: Seoul - customers care about speed, network and phones according to #Olleh store manager
What good are gated communities if the violent people live behind the gates?
As a fan since day one when they used to say BAM BAM and fun since he came into this league !THEY CAN DO THIS!
Rock chalk baby!!!!!!! Too proud right now KUuUUuUuuUu
My birthday is today :) gonna party it up haha.
Do you believe me when I say I love you?
HAVE A BLAST!!! You'll remember this day always. A piece of my heart lies beneath the pitch :-)
Here's to wishing #Adele was lesbian!!
BOP! ": I will not stand for this cold. Especially when I left my winter coat at work. #fail"
Sorry I missed you. Let's talk travel plans soon xo
There's still time to stick on the fake eyelashes and head to our big party with , Miss M & Lily the hostess!
thanks for helping the planet :)
do u guys have things planned Wednesday and Thursday already
Give us a call at 202.686.9330 and our Support Team will gladly help you out. Thanks!
haha nice save adding the "in their own way" part bc we both know........
Carolina on my mind... Road trip time...
(not tonight)
Breaking: Kobe was hogging the bathroom all afternoon!
happy birthday hun <3 i hope you are having the most amazing day in the entire world!<3 xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
Oh, duh. Of course, #dan!
What would you think of getting Buddy Ebsen for the Mountain Dew campaign, & ? In his hillbilly character?
One of my two favorite bites of the night.
Wow, these John Travolta accusers are dropping lawsuits right and left...things that make you go hm!
Metro lady says there will be delays due to someone getting hit by a train. Can't imagine how awful that must be for person and family.
I could never climb a fucking mountain
#20ThingsAboutMe You probably wouldn't like my harsh honesty if you ever met me . I don't really have a filter . :/
INCREDIBLE... Minus the fact that I've only slept 4hrs since Thursday :)
Check out Saturdays on "Cashin In"excellent pontification....!
New in draft this week: Chicory Stout. Come down to the North Shore this weekend and grab a pint or 4!
Another gorgeous Day in Baltimore.........Somebody tell me why the high for today is nearly 80 degrees and its like November...
To all my followers hit me wit a shout out...
Midnight premiere goers — how was Hunger Games?
Better than "Keep it Solar, Stupid" - not the most positive message :)
I have no words to describe your lack of concern, except that I miss hearing it on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow back
Im always watching ghost hunting shows
Roll Tide / War Eagle
Well, almost. Have a few more things to get done, will prob miss the start, but then watch the rest. Get em winning for me, k?
RT : Congrats to all college grads today!!
it's at 7:10 I'm gonna look n see how much tickets are tonight or tomorrow morning n I can spot u
I will photographing the last ever LCD Soundsystem concert tonight at Madison Square Garden!
Hot Tuna Melt
RT : #CONgress should only be fed the rubbish the #FDA approves, #TunaScrape, #PinkSlime, #Asparatame, #HFCS, etc.
#funday. Got invited to be on the yearbook staff(:
so whats cracking tonight Twitter pets?
These females forever saying they ready to settle down and what a good man but steady talking to niggas on side
Did you know that kiwi has more than twice the vitamin C of an orange (when compared ounce for ounce)? 1 kiwi has 47 calories + 3g of fiber.
My mom lives two hours from Boston, so she's driving in & I'm flying in. We don't see each other often, so it's a treat. :)
DLO the real deal!! remember in the entrance music
hanging at Nikki's?
Teach me how to act my own age because I find acting like a 12-year old much more entertaining.
I wish I had more time. If I buy from a bridal shop, the order needs to be placed next week. I have an appt at Zita's tomorrow.
Little victories. Hold fast boys; we're just getting started.
perfect! And I might be. I clicked follow on the phone just in case. The app doesn't know. I think. :)
I can never do anything for myself because I don't have money. I can't even help the band that I love the most :(
Yes! Did you decide on a place? I'm pretty open. (Booked a room in Andover).
omg didnt even tell you who that is... So shut that up lol
RB Larry Johnson goes unclaimed on waivers, free to sign with any team
by then the internet probably will be an exhibit in a museum filled with kids laughing at how old and outdated it is
I like doing body shots off my dad
benefit class in South Hampton Tomorrow! Yoga Gives Studio! Stretch before the storm....
Do or die pats!!!
.'s keynote presentation gives me faith that you don't need Prezi to give a great presentation
I like this..
Enjoying the rainy morning
Happy Birthday!! :D
bro we got it in shit was funny got on stage wit 2 chains,got in vip for free,fucked wit panky & day azz ken was a fiend
Happy St Patrick's Day!
What's better than Irish Coffee? Spanish Coffee. Maybe.
thank you so much for listening! You rock!
lol isn't Carlos just gorgeous :) the speedo helps!
cinci tomorrow not lex! So excited to see you!!!!!
I forgot to put gel in my hair :(
Great banking conference via Jack Henry Group. Good news and good stuff even with all the craziness going on!
Stupid sloppy seconds eater.
It's the weekend. Anyone down for a tea party where coffee is consumed?
Happy monday nation!
interesting, great point RT : When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states.
With breezy conditions continuing, though, we could see some blowing snow and driving conditions could be rough at times. Stay safe!
can you send me your design work samples to I'll furinsh u with details upon receiving that.
Do You Actively Root Against The Miami Heat? When Lebron James and Chris Bosh were first welcomed into Miami, they, along with Dwyane Wad
The Healing Meditation I led for the breast cancer survivors went well. All wanted copy to follow along with. Love & compassion rocks!
send me a direct message or text me
I believe every political ad.
Just had an aerobic class and i feel like im gonna die. My legs are in so much pain lol
Back to the field for some installs. Get those questions in slackers...oh yea, have a nice day. It's almost the weekend!
Yay! Hope all is well--are you still into charters?
shoot for maybe Friday. Or Thursday. Post shit on facebook about it and stuff:)
RT : "Stay hungry, Stay foolish"... the mantra of my buddy what a guy! / Haha, word.
and offically have tickets to hangout music festival!
Spent 5 minutes in traffic really listening to Luther Vandross' Dance With My Father.
So adding in people using W7 illegally, it's probably on about a billion computers.
Wht did i ever do to u? U wanna start stuff well go for it thro gas into the fire see whts gonna happen
": People giving CJ Watson death threats on Twitter ....Thats Ruthless smh wow
Kut U Up reunited?!? i smell another Pop disaster tour
He landed face-first in a middle-schooler's chest!
It will be on draft for We'll try to post the specifics here and on Facebook!
She is ! Not sure I saw that, will have too though! She is at QVC here in PA sometimes, you ever been there Danielle?
I wish I could rock sweats and jays to work damn!!
This 4am shift kickin my butt!!!
Can you believe asses are over
what's point of having fact checker if they just lie too? Politifact's lie of the year is true. The Post hack agrees. Shameful.
Dentist: don't be scared...I've done this before...show me your teeth! Me: you're not Gaga.
LOL :D nm just here about 2 do my homework Captain xD
Why would you even say that?
i have a feeling ima be vitamin waterless
's editorial in addition 2 being weak, demonstrates he has limited knowledge of Board Service, & lacks the courage to name names
bring some champagne flutes, Rozay, and some Shots Over, I Think Betta When Im Not Sober!!
the catholic church only has feast days so they can feel guilty about it the next day :-P
To all of you Yankees fans down at Camden Yards, I legit hope you die in a car crash on the way home from this game.
Well another weekend has come and gone...so sad getting up for work/school on mondays.
Excited about a #PR call I just received! After Friday I'll know if it's a go!
it's been sent
Working with Big D tonight til close. Come entertain us people!! Specials TBA!
Good morning! It's a great day to be a Bobcat! And a great day to be a Wisconsin and Marquette fan!
don't panic..
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!!! :)
theres so much to do so little time
Merry Christmas Eve! We hope you are all ready for the Holiday!!!
on Kobe it is
I miss that dumb fuck Newt - so much good material.
im sure you do. what about if the taxpayers money gets used nefariously though?
Finally sitting
Chris Lehmann the man, meet Chris Lehmann the man on paper. Same guy. Duh.
In the OC but in town on Sat if you're around. Hit me up. RT : can't wait! If you're around LA hit me up.
I kind of wish I had more people I knew follow me on Twitter, but then I would probably want to kill half of them afterwards.
offtop brah let the #LGND know we gotta line up a visual asap.
#FF Keeping us up-to-date on all the best things to do on campus and spreading news about amazing undergrads!
Have a great weekend, thanks for the RTs!
If you're talking about the Chapel Hill store...we closed for summer, hoping to open back up in the next couple weeks!
Giving this app Thirst a shot. So far so cool. :)
You guys should dedicate entire segments to D.Rose's toe.
It is quite the stanley steemer in Chicago lately...
#Excerpt- On bent knee, hand spaced before him for balance, he surveyed the area. Where was Sally? Did they take her too? And what of Joal?
Dm I Got Something to tell you haha
I'm a comic, not a clown.
In the trial of my life, I plead the fifth, the 5th of May. Happy Cinqo de Mayo
Just in wrigley and saw a sox fan yell "you suck" to a cubs fan
Yay!! I'm so excited!! I can't wait to see you guys again
someone just told me, "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone..." so I guess it started the first day after I joined Mandonna??
I MISS YOU TOO! I'm leaving al winter break, so January you better hangout with me!
be strong and move on
Who TF still has a KIK?!
I so miss them more than anything in the world Shinhwa Love You and Miss You.
Sounds like a good plan.
With Attending screening of Bridesmaids with talk back incl:Kristin Wiig, Maya Rudolph, , Melissa McCarthy & others!
Tweeps! Are you interested in volunteering with the Hunter V Day team this winter? E-mail us at !
Why is there 14 back on the shot clock!?!?
C'mon down to Pioneer Courthouse Square. Don't miss your one chance this year to see "The Camster" in broad daylight.
that's really awesome!
Folks, I'm looking for studies on the economic impact of #prizes. I have the McKinsey report, Harvard's work, and GT's work. Others?
can't get the Flo-Rida song Sugar outta my head....
oh man! I want to see the pic!!!!
This weather disgusts me.
whenever you get out of W.Sea, we wld love 2 meet you @ our cafe. We hear great things you do 4 our West Seattle neighbors
I will watch How I Met Your Mother. All Night. And Alone. I just wish I had a boyfriend to cuddle with.
you're straight hero squad. Happy bearded birthday mate
Picking out the perfect font is both nausea inducing and probably too much fun for one person to be having.
Why is #World Cup so dysfunctional? #soccer in general. Without accountability and instant replay it has as much credibility as boxing.
The two most abundant things in the universe are Hydrogren and stupidity.
1000 things the be grateful for today. Yes,Thank you, thank you.........
I think that makes you its legal guardian in some states.
<3 you & ! Wishing you the most perfect day together & a lifetime of happiness. Xoxo.
if u hoes fucking for free u deserve to be broke HA HA HA...
Well twitter is confusingg need to upload pics uber bored sitting in french tryn do work and failing
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! From your friends at 303 TAXI and Flash Cab :)
Basketball is always about THE NEXT PLAY. Doesn't matter if u just scored or took a charge as much as what will u do next to help your team.
RT : oh man what am I going to do about this indie-classical shit. If another person says it I am gonna wet myself.
Lynch for a 4th round pick? Pretty sure they coulda got a better value just trading his grill in to Cash4Gold.
Just finished the final season of The Wonder Years on netflix. My life is better from watching that show.
Would like to thank Sezonmon Alosse for helping keep me aloft this sleepy, sleepy morning.
<U+200E>"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowline
Thank You !!
would more of a cream(cf Pierre hermes) work, more subtle yellow color? Maybe baked it comes out the same anyway...
they still make me happy. no shame.
Thank you!! Always good to be home! See you soon B! Love you!
Don't fuck with people's feelings.
it was crazy at LAX tonight! Thought 12:30am would be quiet!
ha! Awesome
That was
That's 2 times that I have listened to #SaySomethin in 1 hour.. YEE!! you done an amazing job. I'm so proud to be a Mahomie<3
Be my date this Christmas eve, be my holiday, my dream.
Working on one of our new flavors coming this spring. Taste Testing is fabulous
Bobby Lee from MadTV? one of my favorites! The 24 skits were the best. I dont get a lot of APA actors to pick from to enjoy!
Google tribute to keith haring.
nah... just kidding! of course! he's come so far <33
so now every other team can hide their bounty systems as "purely for performance." saints are the sacrificial goat here
Motivos's Flor Melendez will present her #poem from the Fall '11 edition, Love's Many Faces at Stetson Middle School this Thursday.
Honestly, I've yet to read either.
found a way to link all my internet communications so I don't have to check or post separately...ping.fm
Why. am. I. still. awake? Erghhh
A very special #FF and thanks to ! Anyone reading this should follow 'em. Do it!
social technologies amplify relationships, open leadership is enhanced by strong relationships and freedom to fail
forced me into the arms of Chrome
I just heard Sam Waterston say the F word -I <3 HBO
Just finished first jui-jitsu class. I liked it!
haha-you can't beat $5 t-shirts and $10 sweatshirts..you might as well just give in and come on by :)
yeah Denver's defense (20th overall) must've been awesome--not TT--look at all those offense pix. Oh wait!
I had one chance that would change everything and I missed it FML
RED ALERT, RED ALERT...... CONAIR IS ON TNT! #CameronPoe#1Fan!
Jay-ism #10 - "Be smart enough to know that you don’t know everything. "
i like you
Yes they deserve to die and i hope they burn in hell
i want to go night sledding
im a little drunk on you and high on summertime
there are tons of westerners in my area, so i'm not that unusual. but still an object of curiosity. plus my blonde hair sticks out A LOT.
Sick enough that I just rebooked a trip. Ugh. Denver early next week instead.
Watching floor debate in the MD House - proposal for a modest tax increase on upper income earners sparks calls of "socialism." Jesus wept.
Ha. Sorry. I ate most of the jelly beans.
wow, that pic is amazing! :) go Ollie!
perhaps your correct, but perhaps not.
I hope to get my Wings fix this season too... lots of streaming games.
People just don't get it
Heading to Reno, NV to bowl in the nationals tournament. I'm excited.....its like a mini vacation for me.
You better b just kidding. I was gone have to beat/talk some sense into you.
..Thought i loved you so
makes 2 much sense to trade Youk for a major league reliever if you get the team to take his contract. whats holding them back?
what's wrong??
WOW! cant believe I got a parking spot this A.M. Church is packed! I can relax now I was going to be upset if I missed it. Happy Easter! :)
Do you know how brilliant "best seat in the house" is vocally?
Taking a Google Analytics certification practice test. So far, so good.
Great my freaking plans ruined again!! :(
Bo knows rollerskating
What's going on, Paris weather? I just put a turtleneck on in July. It's rainy and mid-50s, and this Memphis girl is very confused...
Waiting at a motorcycle shop with my little brother's best friend... let's just say the last 24 hours have been interesting.
Listen to Adele for a good night's rest. RT : Lol, :) goodnight tweethearts.
Thanks. Just having fun while on radio . They say I have a face for it
If you are a union member, vote Rep. Brad Miller. If you don't work for a very large union company, work to defeat him. He works against you
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting. You can't.
yes definitely! Thanks for sharing!
Staffing the Museum Studies booth at the showcase expo at
"Slide" is delicious...
Oh you're fixing that underbite? Well power to you sweetie.
via “A woman came up to me the other day and said, You’re the kiddie-book man!” Sendak said to VF last year. "wanted to kill her.”
Here's some Optimistic #YankeesFacts The last time the #Yankees lost a game on 4/28 was 2006 against the Blue jays at old Yankee Stadium.
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!! If you do I'll give you a shout out!!! It's my little sister!!
I'm in! Bring "Who's The Boss", I want to play while we watch…
Attending ESRI "Extend the Reach of Your GIS" seminar in NYC.
check out www.gadsenrecords.com
That Black. That Gold. That New Orleans Soul. Winning is the attitude. GEAUX SAINTS!!
I am now the proud owner of a Chicago Public Library card!
<U+FFFC>Santorum formally endorses Romney in email
I think it's more a core competency.
I Love My Mom, Even Doe We HaVe Our Ups And Downs
But I tell niggas I have a boyfriend anyway. I haven't been in a relationship in 7 months but I still say I have a boyfriend.
man they tamales sound good right now.
Just seen this Mexican w; the DC flag sign tattoo. -____- you don't see nobody w; a Puerto Rico tattoo on them.
Keep an eye out for my new and updated web site. It should be up and running sometime this weekend or early Monday. :-)
Interesting; maybe hospitals w/Social Media could ask community to help those in dire need post-discharge after medical crisis
A lesson that could be reaffirmed for me as well :-) I hope the rest of your apps are going well!
Dudes who pose in a avi like mine are
If u need Beatz ...Production work for the low
Ok...the commercial with the talking pothole...totally filmed on Bridgeport hill. I'm sure of it!
Last night I saw that you lost all of them, but now I'm looking and you have 138. I guess it fixed itself haha.
I'm on a health and fitness journey and its amazing. 20 lbs - gone. Stronger, slimmer and still plus sized! Don't let the size fool you!
Not taking shit anymore
LOL!!! RT : Why is Jimmy Fallon so orange in those card commercials?
It is weird being on the other side of the table at a craft fair ie. Spending money
However this ends at #Fukushima nuclear plant, our hearts go out to the small remaining crew working so hard to avert a disaster.
Thank you!
Looking forward to catching up soon. Thank you Senor Social Tables
We've been busy at our #EfS Summer Design Studio!
only the cool ones. Although I may be driving something new in the morning.
Everytime I come to Ohio I'm reminded why I never come to Ohio.
I didn't try it, thank god. So shameful.
and then.....the microwave goes "ding"..(runs to microwave)
what's up sitch how's everything going man hope all is well! And your man is now followed by me. Rt follow?
I know many CPD. They are feeling the stress of the NATO summit & it's not the weekend yet.
Great job on the redesign! Much easier to navigate
The Sixers are still playing?
I get to see him! :) super excited! And I get to party!!!
Lisa Jackson, the EPA Administrator, is about to begin a town hall here at Exciting!
You and me both. :D
how and who we gonna get lol
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you baby.
dumped out of tourney all in with QJ suited, got called off by a guy with same stack K9 off...K on flop...retards galore!
Howson isn't bad, I think it was priest that done goofed.
I don't know
Sucks to suck
Prediction: 9 months from tonight, Greater Los Angeles will see a spate of BBQ Sauce Babies being born. LOVE WAS IN THE AIR I'M TELLING YOU
I like listening in on chef interviews.
We were pure in our naivete, seized by injustice. Overwhelmed by events. Wanted new breed. Obama looked the part. Not new
Worry About You by 2AM Club fdghdfhghdgfh listening to this song since like 2010 . one of those songs that dont age ~
So ready for a photo shoot
Tuesday will be in the house for food and craft beer pairing event. Beer in a can and food on a plate yum!
Let's address issues in our own communities, in our own neighborhoods, in our own country. THANK YOU!.
I know that feeling of not closing a game 7 at home. I feel for you Memphis.
Prof. Giggie on the political, religious, economic, & cultural spaces of #railroads where blacks explored freedom and experienced
anyone not like the term #spirituality? but do like the concepts of positivity and human connection? if so, why?
Girls, have you ever caught your dude cheating? What gave it away? 571-9898 or leave your comment here --Jonathan
oh ok, prison break is cool.
As a public official, I'm very pleased that so many Virginians are following what their government does live, even at 12:30 am on Tuesday.
haha great thinking ;)
long day today. and gonna be tomorrow. goodnight!
Mahalo nui loa to for joining us today at The Art of Gallery.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMMING TO LA OMG
Ryan Braun is a mac
i thought we were doing the final in class?
An odd Irish birthday tradition is to lift the birthday child upside down and give his head a few gentle bumps on the floor for good luck.
#dwts go home Nancy!!!!!
i'm realizing why voldemort wanted to live forever. but i think my goals are better achieved over multiple lifetimes, so don't worry.
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ? SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
RT : Bruh ANY artist wants to be appreciated for their work, you wouldnt want someone messing up your hard work would you?
I learned my lesson, do not eat pancakes and syrup during your 8 month of pregnancy...baby kicking like crazy!
yes i should. my sister and nephew live there too. what's up Lowell P?
The 20% is probably the percentage of dirty cops anyway. Let them go and we'll defend our own.
: When I'm watching with my kids & hear your voice in Happy Feet 2, I feel I'm hearing a friend. And I'm not usually sappy.
That one creepy guy in every movie thay ends up being the hero
(My kind of gal!)... I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. -Lucille Ball
NO LOCK DOORS.... LMAO
We’re at “The Next Generation in Flight VI”. Stop by the table for a chance to win some great prizes!
HAHA! The creepiest!
No matter when or where or who.
The only other I applied to is winning!
First job interview on Wednesday!
You too! Hope the bus ride back to campus wasn't too bad
for uwm?! I still have to order mine! How do I do that?!
they said they kno who killed biggie
I noticed!. :'( I was going to keep watching even though the views were dropping!!!! (: #iloveyouDylan!(:
During the hours of 12:00 to 4:00 Monday thru Friday, please don't call me. I just got my ass handed to me for answering a call. Thanks!
2/2 The 4 song stretch of Point Blank, 41 Shots, The Rising, Lonesome Day... flowed together perfectly musically and thematically.
Amen to that Teddy RT : One good half enuf for #northwestern to beat psu. How bout #illini on wed? Aint gonna cut it.
I have not seen you yet. I am waiting for my food
This Clever Love
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
Fair Trade Sampling Day and Milwaukee Fair Trade Crawl Today. Get your fair trade on at ! 11 - 2 pm
we are not spoiled enough lol
I like this one. RT : Never limit your view of life by any past experience.
shouldn't be tweeting d: She should be learning.
He sleeps....
I came into this world black, bare and ugly. And no matter how much I amass here, it is a short journey. I will return naked and ugly.
seriously. INCREDIBLE! Such powerful vocals and emotional yet so young! You go girl!
I totally just needed a watermelon!! I have no problem with people telling me I look like you. Because you're beautiful.!
Quit stabbing me in the heart with ur broken promises.
I'm here too! RT : your correspondent is here in Tampa!!! #ACCHockey cc:
Go like Paradise Fears New Jersey Street Team! Get their likes up :)
Also, please let me know if there are any opportunities that I can help you all out up there.
Got the first copy of the new BlueDogRose tarot, need to tweak a few things, then available soon!
; you are blowing my phone up !
Tonight we are playing at Sambuca360 (7200 Bishop Road # 270 Plano, TX 75024) Come hang out! Be sure to grab an EP while you are out!
thank YOU for the hug!!
I hear the Tribe isn't drawing flies to the park even though they're in 1st. Howcum? Too early to wait for other shoe to drop.
love the outfit!! awesome blouse especially!
very rare that I abandon Tang, gotta go with what feels right
LIKE WHAT
Hey boo boo!
:) Brew Crew! RT : Happy #ValentinesDay #Brewers fans! RT if you LOVE the #Brewers!
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Greatness comes from within"
Eating Lobster!!! Yummmmyyyyy
No you must be qualify for free roll through the tournament or drawing
ok hurry the fuuck up!!!!
what shall we call it!!!??
When radio stations give away 1D meet and greets, but you're never there to hear about the contest until it's too late. #IHateThat :"(
How's your "I stole someone's pictures and made up a fake" girlfriend doing?
Today is November 4th, and in 4 short days, we can elect Mayor Coleman to a HISTORIC 4th term!
There's a lot of effing jerks in A Game of Thrones.
why im rooting for #Sens and #Devils tomorrow. As chaotic as it sounds the playoffs need more chaos
What are your plans for the Ohio State #FinalFour game?
I'm sorry, I just need to ask. What the fuck is up with your face?
yeah of course i love this two song <3
Nice meeting you Kent! Hope the movie turns out great!
I still feel like I am in a dream lol can't believe it
Wine company has just launched: www.giftedvine.com. yummy wines for lots of fun occasions. cheers!
Jason and I are on our way to ZION!!!! Can't wait!!
"Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It's our #GoalInLife to find it"
night night Jdav!
I like that J. Harden disregarded that prior elbow and came to play. Lesser man would have been intimidated.
3 hours down....6 to go! Plenty of time to get out here and see how ACM Rocks Bricktown!
yes it does I found a ton here on twitter. Now is a good time as any to have it lots of good things
Greyhound owner/lover & brains behind Jem Racing is now on twitter.
On DWTS tonight, wear a "cowboy tux" or u will feel under-dressed. Just ask !!
Good fight thou, good fight
#Techsongs she Csharp# ed me all night long
Thanks for the follow Ruvimbo "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Chubb: "It's not an option to keep technology out." Challenge for educators is how to make it work for schools.
Meetings <18 minutes, retreats waste of time/money, just give the employees an extra day off
Haha- I guess so!
I named my pillow pet after you <U+E105>
Dear computer: Stop stopping and start starting. Please?
#BOYFRIENDReview a lot of boys in school are in shock .haha u did it J!!!!
studio wif working on amazing records
Shout out to all my buddies who bought Depends for tonight. Just in case.
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
10's for Katherine and Mark?!? Woooohooo, that dance was amazing.
“: Tour de Fat coming back to Palmer Square park on July 21!”
deep breath. Love you!
Sutra tonight welcome to the crew
“Power resides only where men believe it resides...ofttimes a very small man can cast a very large shadow.”~Martin, Game of Thrones
Sure do! $1 Avery's Pearls Oysters 5pm til 10pm! “: any specials for the games on Thursday"
#EMPIRE TONITE EACH AND EVERY SATURDAY GOIN HAM !!!! DA MOB BE ON POINT, 5 STAR ON PIONT!!»
Welcome back Corina (Mendoza) Trommer, who returned to NTH as a Project Engineer, reporting to Mark Young in Northville!
Yes COME ON POOH
yess it is
The time is now...
When a coach doesn't tell you're not in an event till you're already at the track in the rain <<<<<<
Most Definitely man!
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Windows down sunroof open and on :)
S(he) be(lie)ve(d)
I don't doubt it RT : DID YOU KNOW: Science tells us that Monday was created in ancient Rome as punishment for stealing.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "ZOMBIE" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
completing my last full week of student teaching ever! two more days next week nd dunzoo. goin #HAM this weekend
I know what u mean. This one time I sprainedy wrist and...never mind. You're probably not interested.
6 days until the FINAL Sunday night cookout of the season... don't forget to make your reservations - the patio fills up quickly!
RT ": Fucking hate mexican girls god damn"
Shout out to TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson the best!!
plz follow me
hope we can connect soon!
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.”-- Anatole France
followed too <3 [=
They pissed off Edgar >:P These kids are so immature.
British slang for a cigarette or American slang for a gay male.
"awesome sauce!"
I don't understand why Carl Hagelin wears a visor, It's above his eyes.
Enjoying a nice meal at PF Changs at Natick Collection.
Tonight on ESPN: highly-anticipated doc "The Announcement"... When Magic Johnson shocked the world with his news. 9 pm ET
Oh? I've run into a series of broken links to free installs on my Mac. The universe hates me, I think.
IRON MAN is still a joy. Did seem a little slow at points today, but still a great superhero flick. 3 out of 4 stars.
What feeling? RT : I'm fucking sick of this feeling.
I love when it's really cold in my room. Ugh <U+2764>
Was it right for Elizabeth Warren to identify as a minority? Will voters care?
Got it - so glad you liked #WWS! Excited to get going on this next one.
Got the life!
dreaming about Patagonia
you're my life please follow me<3
really though, shit is hilarious!
Upper New York state, Appalachian Mountians, Fingerlakes etc. great for nature, hiking and and scenic! Enjoy!
LoBiondo: we need to get over the idea that religious values are only divisive - cultural meanings at local level are essential
nobody cares!
Oh, cha cha is coming up!
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of a fool.
Problem is I hadn't noticed it before especially when it comes to recent writers.
When rob dyrdeck makes fun of gingers >>>>>
I feel the hate crashing over me so rescue me
Man that dream was about to get good.... Think God had that stuff fall on me on purpose. lmbo
Do NOT forget your ears!
Sorry I haven't tweeter a lot today. I will at school tomorrow
Now available at Woodmans in Oak Creek! Pick up a 6 pack for the weekend!
A friend is a present you give yourself. -Robert Louis Stevenson
We want to say thank u for the 44 FolLower we wish that can be more but thanx to all ;) luv u
Can't believe the shit ppl wake me up 4! So my lil bro drew a stickman wit a gun & told his teacher "F*CK U BITCH" & said i taught him -__-
A quote would probably say "The poor long for riches, the rich long for heaven, but the wise long for a state of tranquility."
a reason to be an #organdonor AND #packer fan :)
May is skin cancer awareness month. We'll be posting related questions all week. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
I have serious anger issues .
40 people at training tonight, great night of training. Big games this weekend with Glendale and Northland.
Alright 2012….let's do this!
if its a oil based paint u Can pour sum vanilla extract n a bowl set it n the room for 2 days u should b straight
“: Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.” (:
aw stay beautiful forever claudia.. that's all I have to say. <3.<3
why are you awake?
Starting off well!
still the same.. heheh :$ how are u?? x
Nothing better than Dairy Queen after practice. :)
it's true! I hate that word! Ha
I THINK IT'S CUTE HOW BOYS LIKE ARE SENSITIVE AND U DONT KNOW IT LOL! <33
Check out the event page for our newest road trip adventure this Friday to the New Orleans Green Light District! Let's Ride!
Canners: Tell us how you use Marukan?
The Northeast Georgian uses deceptive advertising.Halle Berry's name is trending on yahoo now, but their site comes up when u click her name
Last day of school before summer AKA moving day at AKA time for 3PM bourbon hour
now we're following this page, too ;)
Rather than becoming discouraged, know that encountering a wall is proof of the progress that you have made so far.
RIP #Levon Helm. You were one of the very best.
That's good to hear they're updating it. Thanks for sharing!
same bored -__- is this your real pic dude
dont be scared into heaven. be prepared for it.
I know I have been wanting to hear you say those three words for awhile now I LOVE YOU!!!
Thank you! Big shout out to #FF Happy Friday. ^jl
Great!! Thank you for your nice note.
I think reading the hunger games made me better at bowling.
The movie was pretty good now going to bed
Aww thank you Melissa. I'm so thankful for Maddie as well! She's a sweetheart, so talented, and so pro! TEAM MADDIE!
I was shocked to learn that 1 out of 3 teen girls in San Diego are victims of physical, mental or sexual date abuse.
I miss you :(
Omg I love the big bang theory.
yeah i know! but at least they were there../: wehre are you from?
Just 5 followers away from 1,000....who will represent that magic number?
RT : online registration is back up and available. Sorry for any inconvenience and thanks for your patience.
announced the #ipad checkout program for grad students to debut in Spring '12! I'm testing #apps to preload. Suggestions?
I'm a visual #Artist ...I love t/hubby paints with light & he loves my #art & I want 2share the fight we fight together w/u.
getting new head shots with Theo & Juliet. Saw yours on the website. Feedback?
Just worked almost two days straight! I'm beat! Time for television an frosted mini wheats and can't wait for church tomorrow;)
Pounding noodles and ready for pork sliders with
And, assured in their evident immortality, proceed to physically engage any vehicles, such a bus, that dared to cross their divine path.
Sachem Energy Solutions Launches new Initiatve: World News Report: http//bit.y/JYPWPE
Bankers caused the crash the poor are paying for it! Bankers get bonuses Poor get made homeless!
I need a tan <U+2600>
Register as a user on gameESC.com - it's quick, easy AND you'll be eligible for future contests - like free games and gadgets!
GOD IS GOOD............all the time! I got another car, I got a place to live and praise God I still have my Job
Coming up at 8:35, a World Premiere of the remix of Romeo Santos' "All Aboard" on !!
This Chiquita eater is keeping it incognito
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
I would also add and to the list.
Going to the zoo for mommys day c:
Thanks for following, Kevin!
really liking that song. cant wait to hear the rest.
I don't have steps so my equivalent is a basket by my kitchen table.
technically, yes i do have school tomorrow..but im not going because im a cripple. i find it difficult to walk
Thanks! We'll take it :)
Anyone else opt for eel sauce over soy sauce?
I'm dying here!!! When is it gonna be on?! I want it so bad! Plus your late picking me up haha;)
Try now, I was only following you under CUServiceCenter
What is this instagram challenge?
lol yes! "I miss leah!"
Thank you so much for shouting me out in the Ustream <U+2665>
Laying in bed, so I can't say I'm going to bed, so I guess I'm gonna say I'm going to sleep. Or wait, what if I'm sleeptexting..?
A race car driver? Too soon, #Bachelorette. Too soon. Also, race car is a palindrome.
Valentine's Day = BIG Sale at the chocolate store tomorrow! :-D
I'm in it for the #Money #Power {&} #Respect and the
Because HE Lives...
You're home already? Miss you already! You got me thinking yesterday on the bus. KEEP ME POSTED.
Some clever #trolls on #Craigslist posted that we are liquidating to join with Barnes and Noble. This is not true. Nice try though!
Every inch you keep going up after you already stopped at the red light in front of me = A foot in the ground I'm gonna dig for your body.
England's motorways not safe for 80mph speed limit The motorway network in England has been classed as unsuitable for the proposed 80mph
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of yours
Thanks ! what is the best way for you to connect? I can be reached at or 206-420-8456
. I forgot to respond to you... Yay! can't wait to repin your good finds. Prepare to be addicted...
Dads pay attention“: You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
#SometimesIJustWant to marry you and live happily ever after
RT : You are ALWAYS worth it. Smile.
Doing hair Friday. $$$
I can make a dramatic situation entertaining bcuz I ain't gonna get mad but you might lol only bcuz ure not phasing me lol
. at our place, the monsters eat pumpkins, but they're shy - so only when no one is looking.
no way! i'll try again! do u know what's wrong??
wuts up TK..follow back so I can direct you..I'll be in the "A" with in a few weeks to lock down another feat
Just needed to let u fake ass hoes kno dat! She's just nice to u bitches.. Why? Idk that's just her
i dont think the entertainment community gave bernie mack the proper tribute when he passed away. especially the bet awards
Calling you out. As your AA sponsor. :) “: I'm a drunk, not an alcoholic. (shhh, don't call me out.)”
How was everything?
I agree. But for me, I am trying gain a little insight to which is performing better? Any suggestions?
After today's mammogram I was asked if I've had any recent breast trauma. "Um.. yeah... about 15 minutes ago!"
Get your popcorn ready, kidz - Blago verdict is in. Hearing it should be read between 1p and 2p, CST
Watching Andy Pettite pitch at Frontier Field...he just picked a guy off at 1st.
bhahaha so they're your stalker minions? Lol XD
Bomb threat at Waxahachie high school??? Wtf
Lunch time
damn auto correct...I meant haha
laughing cow light blue cheese wedges.
I was an intern there last season, and was fortunate enough to make my acting debut alongside the humble & talented
RT : #bhlib added 2 new US partners: US Geological survey & Cornell University! Welcome to the family!
One more day!
Happy earth day from at Savorfull!! Eat more local Free from foods!
That just made my night :)
70 and sunny <U+2600><U+2600> what to do what to do?
okayy (: i will whn i get homey!
Can you recommend a good pair of running shoes for wide feet?
when im recording a artist i hate when they have the word swagg all in the song that shit is played think of some doper shit
Someone found mine a while back while searching "men only". lol
All I want for Christmas is my two warm feet, my two warm feet my two warm feet (and a sealed house so the wind doesn't even whistle!)
stepped forward with a significant resolution at SITIAC to advance planning for major IT for students. Great leadership.
MT : Thanks to all who worked so hard to make a great Looking forward to 2013! #vaforum12 // Hear, hear!
Why thank you, Robert! Happy #ff to you too! :-)
Now on to debate for budget. Not good for investments in kids.
Woke up this morning thinking about the work and classes and curriculum ... It's 4 am...
great website. having trouble registering tho!
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
Anyone know of an open gas station and Wells Fargo? Gotta cash this check or else my rent is late after tonight!
I know. If I don't start drinking now, I'm never going to be able to keep up with the other wildlife biologists!
Going to spend the day playing hide and seek with the humidity and heat.
Hell yea bro, I definitely will!
Thank u my friend :-)
i just dont have the strength 2 hold on any longer. He let me down again
I BOUGHT TICKETS TO YOUR CONCERT IN NYC!!!!! I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU CANT WAIT<3
i am actually really excited for 8th grade :D
old man strength? HA!!
I would absolutely use a coffee-scented shower gel - please bring back Eggnog Latte and Cafe au Lait!
hi Andrew
Ready for great day of panel discussions at MMIII
Congrats. Let me know how it goes. Debaucherous big agency stories and all.
I disagree I think it a great statement and hope its true Vince young > Ryan fitz
AWESOME!!! Make this site Open all year round...
Hope you all have a great #Christmas! Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
So excited for tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+26BE>
We are at Eddie's Attic tonight at 10. Be there!!! Just follow Kult's fro and it will show you the way!!!!
I just moved to Nashville and I lived in alamance county for 32 yrs and didn't know there was a town by that name either
OMG How did I miss that? Following now. RT : don't forget to follow
Please redraw the mega millions numbers. Kay thanks.
I just saw one on instagram... There's more???
Hey guys! Brand new hot off the press monos coming soon! We'll keep you posted :)
Yes it is! I could be doing so many productive things right now including sleep but #Glee is very distracting right now. :)
Greed is the principal matrix that nurtures envy towards others ~ Antonio Mercurio
Thanks to everyone for the follows. Big things coming in 2012 as well as some nice websites to show you all. Also shout out to
asm is off to a great start
wait for 2012, it's gonna b a very prosperous year, I can feel it ;)!!!!!!!!!!
That awesome moment when you have a conversation with someone you admire.
What would your mothers say?!
Lord help us all.
OKAY SIGN OFF ON ME :(
Thank you Kyra:)
"Thug" means you never have to say sorry
Just got up. About to do the AOL thing
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away. -Ben Hecht
Queen retain UK album sales crown
“We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us,” attributed to Sir Winston Churchill...
Youth Competition winners announced! www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
Yay for screwing myself over academically....
Congrats, friends! See you at Endfair this Saturday.
Laundry in the U.N. coin op watching something on Disney Channel--a universal English language tutor.
Veronica White of WXII loves SECCA's new exhibit "Out of Fashion" opening Thursday, Nov. 3. You will too. Join us - 7-10 pm. FREE.
what up Fam. U good peoples fam.
NO REALLY, I THOUGHT THAT ONE RUN MEANT 10. RT it would be 1-0 :(
Keeping it real twitter...
Paul Cannon band got he Buttons choir goin tonight! Come out and enjoy a great night
A former UFC Heavyweight Champion just confirmed for the fest... sign up on our mailing list at www.txtestfest.com for the announcement!
I'm getting all the rest i can tomorrow the shit load of cooking starts for the free loaders caller family opps thanksgiving thrus
It'll be a great day! Hope you enjoy. RT At MB&F
thanks for the RT Rich!!
USA Today has come out with a new survey - apparently, three out of every four people make up 75% of the population. David Letterman
...and I'm finishing Season 6 of
Miss you like a connecting flight.
Mitt wants us to think he forgot his #LordOfTheFlies gang assault at 18? Nobody forgets one.
like what do you mean by that??? like how?
you going see future Saturday???
if only my phone worked
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
i Love the Tatz U Do...iHope You Can Tatt Me Soon
Divorce. RT Gross. I just shazamed a song by Train.
DeCosta: 'impressed with Pierce on the goal line.' (Ravens did have issues in red zone last yr.)
happy days lol
I was 183lbs then I went down 180lbs Now I'm 185lbs
not what were saying. But okay.
If someone were to judge me by the contents of my tivo, I'm pretty sure they would think I was a 14-year-old gay chef.
We love Happy Donuts!! RT glad you guys are on twitter!! EAV <3
When was it universally decided that people would say hello when answering the phone?
Ganoderma is a 4,00 year old herb used by the Chinese to cure all tyoes of diseases. Give it a try: www.drblackston.organogold.com
Listening to Labor Sec. Hilda Solis on ways to revitalize our labor force.
Ahh, the first 2012 work week. Going to need six frosty Horny Blondes and (no hassle) to get through it.
Perfect plan <3
I've seen Lars Anderson 3 times this spring, and boy does his swing look good
#WorstBreakupExcuses my cat died, I need time to mourn
Posted a bball recruiting update in the forum! Check it out.
I love this month!
I love that show! I need to catch up on the latest season.
I dont think so. Why?
I'm so glad I learned COBOL!
yaaaaaay :D save me a little corner & I'll bring my pillow pet & I'm good to go(:
This is the team that beat Mizzou? Either Mizzou caught them on a good day or they caught Mizzou on a bad day. I'm thinking the latter.
I'm Todd O'Hara, CEO of , a free Chicago-based app that gives you cash rewards & donates to #charity on every purchase!
I feel so rebelious when I #text during school.
I say a little prayer every time I go over the State Street bridge on my bike.
Austin Thornton can suck it.
me graduate too lmao
Thanks a lot, Texas, for screwing up all the flights. I blame Rick Perry.
Met the boy who plays simba ! Too cute <U+263A>
Lately I find a strange correlation between my sense of optimism as a musician and Obama's general vibe as president.
Do you ever hang out with Dave Rocco
Hi Olivia, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out
Looking for George Washington crossing the Deleware today on twitter
New Zack Wicks video coming later today
It weirds me out when my bestfriend says intelligent things, because I'm used to thinking she's a creepy idiot<3
to be sure to pass my drug test
Not really looking to add in your perspective today.
Not every company has the Verizon marketing budget. Targeting advertising like that is ideal, but it will come at a high price tag.
PT receptionist position open in a Wis. gov't office (Madison area). DM me your e-mail address & I'll forward the e-mail if interested
Holy Cow!! Do you like the pedal steel on the Carrie Under and Jason Aldean tunes?? The same amazing man just laid it down on our tunes!!!
OMG you are right on that! lol
My new neighbor brought me DELICIOUS brownies! so nice. (and hopefully not the opening line to a more interesting future story)
#sschat=the best pd and what teachers are really about
: (Obviously the ending of that video will be getting one last edit - "Oh wait...they changed their minds...nevermind.")
How bad will the breeze/wind be for us taking the #MuskegoPolarPlunge for on Sunday? CC:
Everybody needs somebody sometimes.
I hate you if you say 'no homo' ever.
thank you Mookie!! What a cool weekend!
I will test our live interactive Q & A session tomorrow morning. Submit questions via Twitter or Facebook and I will answer live via JTV.
wide awake ..need to go to sleep ..ain't gone get to much of it the next 2weeks #superbowl bout to kick my butt.
Goodbye, Jean Craighead George. I thought you were awesome.
No, I only tippy toe when I want to check out my calves :D
You Haven't Made Any Real Money, If You Still Make Decisions Based On It!!
RIP Ted Kennedy
Right on!
CHECK OUT NOGAYVIDPRODUCTIONS SUBSCRIBE!!!! follow me i follow back
SHOWERING AND OFF TO vEGAS
why does need a mobile app? Does it have any in person contact info functionality aka
It's definitely slider velocity. Bad pitch though. He hung it.
#civility the theme is agreed upon so far that civility is what we need to have proper dissent.
The Postman is lousy. I saw it for free and I wanted my money back. There's a cool rock star cameo, though.
"You got a friend in me." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
AMERICAN KID: "You're from the UK? Cool! So do you have tea with the Queen?" BRITISH KID: Do you go to McDonald's with Obama?"
miss ya too <3
Toddler, licking marinara sauce off the spoon: "M...meatbally."
Yes, yes you do!
OMG! That's you?! Just heard about it on FB! Congrats!!
Good luck girl!
LADIES has anyone had a chance to check out 's profile photo...chocolate treat!!
I do believe in the light.
Not the MAC BOOK! NO
It's sports-related, so I dunno.
you still look amazing! Lets get married now.
This week, Send a suprise today! 800-321-2654 Free delivery Call Now!
no good answers - observing? ethnography? it's not easy data to collect & something that should be addressed
I have 20 girlfriends Cthu but I didn't know wow
I just wana go home and cry
Follow Me At Ya Herd Me!!!
I wanna go four wheeling. The bro is.
STRONGBOW ON TAP. TAP.
I wish Sofia Vergara had hosted SNL this week simply to hear her pronounce "Gotye".
is the cutest baby, ever. <3
Hug in bed every night. Even when you're tired.
Excited for Brewer's Dinner at tonight with !
Welp Milwaukee, it's been real. I'll miss ya. Off to the Twin Cities. And I never though I'd say this but.... GO PACK GO!
house judiciary comm chairman quotes zogby poll as evidence of righteousness.
Tomorrow is the first day of May, which means two things: the 500 is near, and starts the trek from West Point to Dallas!
Yes it's true. Mitt's staff had to tone him down. He originally said he created more jobs than thr wr stars in the universe.
Impact factor: optimized for hard sciences & english, can be over/misused, not good for practitioner based articles
what's the event?
are you familiar with Holacracy practices?
Dos Santos VS Mir Who's Gonna Watch That ?
YES!!!!!!!!!! So happy about that! I think you will be much more supported there.
Hosting the Director of our sister policy org in Texas. Hope to learn how not to build a state tax system... or college football program
Get it! representing at the addys!!
I know how you feel!
Our Time Will Come Baby <U+2665>
Let me think about that. KC is a beef town! :)
type "do a barrel roll" in google using Safari and see what happens!
Last night I received a death threat that I loved hearing.
Hopefully the time goes by fast.
Yes of course. Especially the coconut/mango/rice pudding pops. First task: get ice-pop molds.
most people are pansies
i agree w/ i support 's decision to purchase a hat from cedar rapids. i would like a picture of this hat, please
Some of these girls are so gullible
Thank you for following us, we have great information to aid in protecting you & clients identity…
Panty Free Friday Party is tonight if you are able to attend!
I'm blowing you up today, but at some point can you please talk about people who constantly post their workout regimen on FB....
Yes mother to late child "okay she's waiting now"
How bout we send both #Clemens and #Pettitte to Jail where they can share the same cell
The most absurd thing is this: In Homer Lea you have a ready-made anti-hero, the stuff Hollywood dreams of. The story awaits a script...
Cher was cage dancing!
It's storming .. Imma sleep hella good tonight !
In case your didn't hear, I opened a vintage and used guitar shop called Thunder Road Guitars. Follow us
well...I called it quits at 4 AM, and I should be done by 4 pm :) ALMOST THERE!!
How's' your new phone?
So glad to have your support!
RT We're almost fully booked for January & February. If you're interested in working with us in early 2012, contact us now!
no problem
I don't think they'd be lying. They could just change their approach based on where the team is at that point.
I walk beside you. #DreamTheater craze!
it's just carb overload...but it's a celebratory meal!
Nominations rolling in! Thx for RTs
So thats my problem.More water RT RT Dehydration impairs your cognitive function and mood
This explains why I drink like a fish. ;) RT "Whiskey" is a Gaelic word and means "water of life."
is it acceptable to drink wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!
"Hey, I showered today"
iCal actually works really well for me so far integrating with gCal.
Can't believe it's in OT!
There's not a single female waitress at this resturant
Looks to be FOWL weather.....
lol yes me shocked too!
This one person looks like a creep
Don't you live in a country where drinking a pint is social acceptable before lunch?
my nail broke. i guess i took too long in the shower.
#NFLrookie advice: The only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
Blair Levin just mentioned a "psychology of abundance of bandwidth." What does that mean exactly? Something like Jevons paradox?
Good morning! I'm back from my birthday vacation. Who wants to hear about my adventures? I need another vacation!
Among the hymns we'll sing this morning- O God, Our Help in Ages Past + For All the Saints
But what if they were grouped with other students to help them learn? It must lower self esteem to be in the "slow" class
Workin on my interviews w/ the Kennedys about #Warhol, Reminds me of long nights transcribin @ Fox back in CA, but WAY better than realityTV
I picked up Eli manning who is going to have a massive game so dropped Vick
coconut butter!
Can't focus. Only thinking about Opening Day.
Too bad I already know it by heart.
FWIW (& it's nothing), I thought these Bulls matched up much better with the Celtics than Sixers.
My tv just did some weird magnetic pulse shit looked like the screen bent inwards...
We're very happy! :) Thanks bro.
are you in pre-production now?
Learn how to edit and enhance digital pictures, free instruction and computers available, Thur April 26, 5-6 PM, Superior Middle School...
bought some new dvds today: juno, kokowääh and the last song. i don't like miley cyrus but that movie made my cry ok don't judge me
Please tune in to Jaxon on 93.3 WMMR Online or radio between 620-640 tonight to hear the announcement for the December Artist of the Month!
It was something like, "You guys ever hear John Scofield? He's on this album."
Come in 4 a 1 of a kind series, Giants v Phillies, & a 1 of a kind beer. Conflux, White IPA by Deschutes!! GO GIANTS!
Thanks for giving credit where due! You may want want to change the ID on the <body> and mentions of REFRESH in the JS.
is on a diet? Why? He's so skinny!
": Folks be thinking they too good to follow back, bitch you can be unfollowed!"
Director Anderson recommends girls tourney to Resch Center, boys in Madison through 2020, no vote yet
yepp no joke, i'm at my friend's storm shelter party on university.
they acting surprised, with those weak helmets they had in the past,what expect
Hey there guys...Hi. I still exist. hi there. yeah. Okay just move on, no no I'll be fine. DON'T LEAVE ME
hahaha! You know I'll baby sit. (you might not get the kid back though) lol. Yeah is yellow and green.
a real Hoosier never gives up.. And look who got a RT?? That's right me!!!
I almost let fear and past experiences cause me to miss out on one of the best things that has ever happened to me
"Web of Science" is most popular query at NCSU... Not surprised...wonder when/if that will ever change
I love Great Music, I play it and tweet about it via #spotify, its a new show on called tweet-dio show!
man bro i wanna here some maybe collab
Glasses don't always make you look smarter. Like if you are retarded and you wear glasses you just look more retarded.
do what makes you happy
Tea' is in Port Charles, yaay #gh!
Yo fire her and HIRE ME!
I texted you earlier... I was trying to.
My phone all fic
hissing at my parents so they think im crazy and leave me alone
How many whitepaper offers does one need in any day? Do universities teach about white papers? Are they footnoteable? "10 ways to IBID"
Seeking a Banking Finance associate with 4-6 years experience in banking, corporate lending, and commercial finance (debt finance).
ET in Bayern Munich-Real Madrid match. Productivity gone.
I'll grab it!!!
I think the old format was my woobie. I miss my woobie.
I am not evaluating their actions, but yes, I think things like that are being considered action by other Euro countries.
i think its really funny when someone says "wtf you're 12" and then they answer "no i'm 13" wow huge difference
thanks beck<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+263A>
he's lucky his real excuse is "playing rugby". Sounds much better than fell down stairs! ;)
Black&Yellow x4
We will Always Love Whitney Houston!! retweet
I'm sorry but this Philly game is looking rigged as fuck.
God is my
Cary has lots of Greenways but most are < 2miles. Raleigh has fewer greenways but most are > 5 miles. If only they'd join forces
Hopefully getting a purple streak in muh hurr!:D <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Ah he puked on the Rari!! O_o
Or maybe we'll never get another laptop. Ever.
RT : "The best way to predict the future... is to create it"
aw :( your breath wont smell Minty anymore but whatever *hands ya chocolate*
I know lol!
Def. a focus on including diversity in everything we do, not as a separate initiative from a small group w/in an org.
Ba Ima sheep :D
How is everyone today?:)
“: Eastern Kentucky in Pikesville KY Coming for y'all tomorrow” sinbad is coming for you
Haha no, Chan got a New Guinea pig for her bday named Napoleon! Spencer & Napoleon are now inseparable.. It's so funny!
Sorry there hasn't been anyone on lately.. i promise to b on as much as possible!! <111
Thanks for following!
“: #thatawkwardmoment when you run into your ex-best friend every where you go.” life story
If it wasn't the zen master,then woodson is just fine by me.
deep breaths
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
Celebrating the completion of my doctoral dissertation defense--I passed and it is now official!
wish i could get a job at keep indianapolis beautiful
Surely that's not about me. SURELY!
Thanks for following me back. Do you have a Youtube channel?
I talk to people. WOOF!
Shooting again, today...yay!
What, already? I thought it wasn't until, like, Thursday...
Party time was sweet!! hangover.... Not so much :/
Must remember to pick up some mustache wax. I want to look spiffy at the Cape May #marac meeting.
Mastering for Country Music legend Lynn Anderson today.
We know many of you support us by proudly wearing Donate Life Ohio shirts! Tweet us a picture in your shirt, so we can RT to our followers!
I miss my baby
Finishing up this memoir, and on to my next... Enjoying my #reads :)
Hunnid thou on champagne
Starting the day off at the is less than ideal! On the plus side...I should have my #LFC vanity plates when i leave!
I SALUTE YOU, SIR!
I think I will start a blog and see if I can come up with some interesting stuff each day. These short tweets are hard to express yourself
your an amazing singer :) and your awesome at the guitar :) and Thanks for the follow!
How do you consider the transition from co-star to guest? About how many co-stars you think are good enough to move up?
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
remember how windy it was when we ran? It was way worse!
out of convenience i also hit the metry pho scene: pho orchid, pho nola, pho bang, frosty's. Lot of new uptown places too
Go USA Ladies Soccer!!!!!!!
Wow! I had a double nap day! Sweet! And still got some stuff done! Love Saturdays :)
#mobilityshifts Giselle Beiguelman tQR codes as the first writing for nomadic readers, reading cities etc. Skirts typing on tiny keyboards
Ah, ok. Good to know. Good to know.
Witnessing the worst freestyles ever
What's up lady?? Welcome to Twitter and Merry Christmas!
Good thing they haven't taken a look at your twitter....<U+E107>
My work out sneakers are ugly...but they are so damn comfortable
We know mother's day is just around the corner, but what are you doing to celebrate Father's Day weekend?
I'm not okay, but I don't want to talk about my problems. So I just fake my smile and say "I'm fine."
thanks for posting Ted. I loved the subversive work around strategy. I almost have enough media/culture books to try that
I'm a supporter, but when a staffer spins "private sector job growth" from these numbers? Get real. The TRUTH will set u free.
haha moved to towson a few weeks ago..obviously not much exploring yet..lookin for somethin better than
you know it!
RT Great article from on #digitalpreservation - we are losing our ability to reconstruct history htt...
I didn't go to sleep till like 2 am yesterday :(
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
direct message me your contact and let's brain storm!
I do a ton of 3v3 FC. Great conditioning, allows developing players more open court and less pressure; greater learning.
RT Thank god for waking me up
sounds about like the real world :-)
It excludes for-profit corporations from the rights given to natural persons. If unions are for profit corporations, it applies.
Cbs Chris Mayer, need to think about #savings. Embedded in owning a home is need for higher #savings rate.
north having a holy ghost good time!!! 2011 women's conference.
last we spoke hes busy packing n gettin his stuff ready to move. But when he gets to cali new recordings and hopefully (-c-)
Trying to decide whether or not to fish tomorrow morning
We are planning to attend Penn State, Pitt, & Alabama's spring games to demo our tailgating game.
I'm on the draw something bandwagon. Jisaacson. Look me up an see how bad I am at drawing with my finger.
Diapers and Politicians should be changed often both for the same reason.
tomorrow might be the last day of your life. life of a slave. burn. burn like your kids dreams.
. was hoofing around all over town today for And still has energy to put signs up at polling places.
I hate that I like the Rolling Stones so much.
Yo EVERYONE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE SERIES-FAST TIMES WITH MJR THEY ARE PRETY FUNNY AND I MAKE NEW ONES EVERYDAY SO ENJOY THEM
LOL, NP :) I was just very confused for a moment there!
thinking about anyone use or like it? still in beta...
morning ball?
Awesome I hope to meet u at the Denver show 5/18 but I'm waiting to see if my Pop's w/ Cancer, my mom & I are on the list.
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga “: I want a earlace earring necklace”
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. ~ Abraham Lincoln
That wet wet!! That wet wet!! That wet wet!! shawty got that wet wet!!!
People only see what they are prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can do this!! I've been on the phone for hours ,and none of my homework is done. BEACH IN TWO DAYS :D
right here wahts good
& can't wait to see you this weekend!!
Thanking the Lord for everything.
At with the crew getting cued up for this weeks shows
District has a water station on race day - what are the cross streets?
just figured out how to set up with ping.fm! this is gonna be a good thing. :-)
Thats right. I ranched your ketchup. What are you going to do about it?
I'm so fat I use mcdonalds wifi!.
YOU are #Love!
another Mrs Jo lol
Love you Cris. Life's too short. See you soon.
Romeo and Juliet LOVE THT MOVIE
I think it is going to be impossible to read 780 more pages while studying for 5 finals.
I'm out & about. will share it shortly, I'm sure.
Great healthy food excellent cocktail and the best looking staff in Bmore!
nothing. Lol I just thought we cud use it. ;)
Thanks to all of our friends for a fantastic party last night - looks like we had it on the right day - the rain's coming in! See you soon!
Hope everyone got a chance to take advantage of our sale this past week! Like us on Facebook for a chance to win our weekly giveaway!
exactly seven months to go!!
#MUCat The MU Cataloging curriculum summit begins with an informal discussion of the Oxford comma.
RT : “Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.” - C.S. Lewis
I replied you just couldn't see it.
Build a Spy Periscope at the River Park Branch on April 19th at 5pm. For ages 4 and up. Pre register online or call 282-4635.
Man, hope you get to feeling better soon! Bronchitis is nothing to take lightly.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh
following back
SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOOWWW. watched Wizard Of Oz in reading. holler.
what is you best advice for a recent college grad on finding a good job in PR?
Ok, folks, leaving work, going to store, then MAYBE play with some liquid latex on my new skull.
Up next: 'Poetic Persuasion: What Happens If You Eat Watermelon Seeds'
yeah I saw In the backround he and where in the backround of #jessie Christmas EpisodeIn the store
Absolutely! If you bought a ticket, please refer to outlet where purchased for refund.
Wish someone in charge would just tell me what opinions to have, streamline the whole stupid citizenry thing.
if I had a daughter there's no way I'll let her play basketball
I decided long ago I won't let my kids play football. I was glad my dad didn't push me toward it.
can't wait to hear more about it! Have fun!
Voluntarily spent an extra hour doing physics after school..
Dear homework, they may be doing you, but all they can think about is me. Sincerely, Twitter
The payment system in the SNF.
you're welcoomme <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
I know it's late but who ya got? #Knicks? or #Bulls?
Zumba In the circuit Normal Heights was also full house this morning. Have a great weekend ladies!
We're gonna ice skate our way to tonight! Better see some ass beaten hockey fights with some blood! Who else is goin?
thinking good thoughts for you. Life is funny
#allday! Let's get drunk
yum! Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies...Friday maybe?
THANK YOU! haha (:
Thought Hollie's first song was very good. I Can't Make You Love me was awful. That`s the kind of performance that gets you sent home.
Just wait until we drop Avaritia, seriously...
Watched my first episode of "American Idol" tonight and all I can say, they voted off the wrong singer tonight.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3
On the 6th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 6 rooms being prepped for new guests! #12daysof Christmas
: True love pursues a person's lasting good. But the one loved may not care about this good. Thus love may feel unloving.
In n out for lunch. Last in n out trip for the semester, so sad
Looking forward to results of your photo shoot today! I'm sure the hard work will be well worth it.
I just found out that employees are FINALLY getting discount cards. I won't believe it until I see it.
Dale's joke about Arkansas and shoes when showing Hawaii wedding pictures was entirely uncalled for and stereotyping.
#wow ppl are down to back bullshit music
Walking to the bus stop . Hair looks A MESS didn't have time to straighten it .
Are you driving or flying?
I can only imagine :P
Loved your candor this AM and that's why I like you:-) BTW Happy Sex Anniversary to you and Jen
Nice.... short, rich, white guys ask young, muscular, tall black men why they weren't honest about brushes with the law. wit me
#RIP Adam Yauch - MCA you will be missed!
saw the tasting table post!!! Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#BCEagles defense pathetic.
Just got tackled by 5 3-5 year olds
Me too. : I'm so ready to live on a normal street.
to insinuate that the words "permanent resident" and "citizen" mean the same thing would be to make a grievous misjudgment of the situation
Hey! I don't really use this account anymore, which is why I didn't see your tweet till now. Sorry! I'm following you now. :)
Dissanayake: Denis Dutton and E. O. Wilson are two psychologists/philosophers who understand the arts.
I don't get some ppl WHY would u come to the gym and work out while ur high! SMH
Only the social system of capitalism (free enterprise) offers the individual freedom to enjoy to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
No Lie i like to listen to it storm and all but today was to crazy for me !!!
IN DA LAB 2DAY NEW TRACKS COMING SOON
I don't hate you; I've just lost all respect for you.
Very strange reading twitter during a superbowl I'm not watching. Certainly want to see this #godaddy commercial.
thanks for the mention. Although we're not ready for Copenhagen maybe we'll see you in a game next time you are in NYC!
Follow Me & I'll FOREVER adore you. <3
I actually started with my personal friends&destiny appeared as a follower.So I hit follow back & they multiplied from there.
Chargers at Oakland. Getter done!!!
So what is everybody up to tonight?
Music in the Park (Meridian Historical Village): Dixieland Express (6/22)
I just watched my cat fall roll over in her sleep and fall off of the couch in seemingly slow motion. Hysterical.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Brown or Hazel eyes.
I wonder if they're gonna boo Artest all game long.
we have alot of green thumbers here in our city of
WHY THE FUCK IS MY TL FULL OF DAMN HOROSCOPES?!?!?!
RT "----> ______ , my invincibility anthem. GO!! " so white, so funky by Tom Scott/Dr. John
I've never seen soap fandom so united in their hate of a storyline!
Already done! Pretty sure game wasn't even over!
Thank you everyone for a beautiful day.
yes a "full ride" comes with a few attachments.
Love when you have enough time to update your status and take pics of your self, but no time to text or call me
...and I do have 2 subcontractors helping, so yeah, I'm a job creator. My taxes are gonna get complicated real fast.
i miss those days when you would notice my tweets ):
Checked out of #alise12 and headed to #alamw12. First up, #aasl educators section to talk about our IMLS grant research on SL supervisors.
Hey thanks for the incomprehensible announcement about why stuck at farragut for almost 10 minutes. Wtf?
Why didn't Schwarzenegger release the news the day after we got OBL?
I'm feelin famous BABY !
I'll meet you one day.
LMFAO YEAH THAT WAS REALLY GOOD HUH
March is going on now followed by open forum at 5pm and then General Assembly at 7pm
Sweet baby Jesus - I could have walked home in the time it's taken to wait for the bus.
I've got his ear next wednesday... up for a tour?
3 hours without internet at work. I don't even know who I am anymore.
Wow. I have no idea what most of that means. #???
I AM AN ICONiac. I want that shirt..
OBZH-broken chairs....Park-B-day....Rain-blood...
Ha. I can totally do that. :)
I miss elementary where I use to bring cupcakes to my friends.
Talent is God-given: be humble. Fame is man-given: be thankful. Conceit is self-given: be careful. -Coach John Wooden
Can you ask the universe for two?
Its a very beautiful sunny day outside:D<3 I think I'm gonna go hangout with my girlfriend today(:
We need to get you on here in Portland! Would you want to join us sometime??
Erica and I are watching a hearing where this guy is claiming to be Puerto Rican... He's like give me a chance to get my birth certificate o
of course, dude -- awesome first webinar, too. You guys really know how to do it up right. I was taking notes. :)
Final RING Cycle starts tonight. That means artists start leaving town tomorrow. Bittersweet.
Can the league review a Flagrant 2 call and possibly downgrade it to a F1?
I was wondering who I would need to talk to about using the Enoggera Military Camp for an event? Please let me know.
#nba teams r fools 4 not putting a girl on their team. U dont play ur 12th man anyway, imagine the hype you'd get. Great PR; ticket sales!
#At least the #brewers wont face Kershaw in the series. but Kemp has been unloading.
Thankful 4 all my followers!
RIGHT?! c:
Kay fuck it i'm going on a rant. the US is NOT NOT NOT trying to change anything about 1D. I have no fucking clue where you people got t (c)
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
No doubt about it!!
#cjsm Sree says that if one in 8 couples meets through social media than 1 in 4 couples divorce because of social media
im trying to sleep bt its so hard w the smell n taste of tobacco still in my hair n mouth! evn 30 secs for a shoot lingers!
Good luck!
Thanks for Tweets!
I'm just finished at Costco. Let me check in at the fish camp & I'll meet you somewhere.
Passion for acting
not looking forward to drive home
Last Week’s Top Posts (March 25, 2012)
Libraries aren't just about preservation, but about publishing, author fees and #openaccess - they have a bright future
you are welcome and clever.
We're taking a THX giving break. Rough Cut in hands!
Mind Surfing!!
A pit bull attacked and killed a little girl, 16 months old, in Las Cruces. A neighbor shot at the dog but wounded the girl's grandmother.
Maria Dabbah once again at the forefront! Friday at 9 PM ET will be Send your questions!
11:11 wish is for to follow me, but we all know that won't happen.
and you the same lil Bro!!!! Love you!
Last week's online voting winners: Mrs. Nigeria Int'l-Afoma Eguh-Okafor, Miss MD Int'l-Chardia Murray & Miss Teen NV Int'l-Courtney Critz!
I hope got her car problems taken care of ok. It was great to run into her, but not like that :(
ha! I'm believing the one where music makes the world go round!
About firing him? That's absurd.
Sir... Just because you support it & endorse it doesn't make it legit!
Roger Gooddell wouldn't be happy
Its a hard knock life for us
Great to see again!
When I said I was fine, I was hoping you realized I was lying and you would actually care..
Leave. Like everyone else.
Hammel with another great start!
Duly appreciated.
#CottoMad, he don't wanna do a #postfightinterview awwwwwhhhh
please try to get At&t on the list? we are as Americans we have the priority than other countries and
Thank you for the #ff!
can't wait to have you!
I have one request ! Please have little lizzy after 11:30 so I can be there! I'm on my way and driving fast(Missy don't read this)
Pornography: Fact or Fiction
come on girl! It's playoffs!! Who is your team for MLB?
So much 2 do...So little Time
TIP: In a live game: Never look a your hand before its your turn. People WILL pick up on small tells you have, like wanting people to bet.
I blame it on my poor short term memory.
& u'll find championship people like championship offenses share common trends...unselfish,no shortcuts no dribble drive $ under the table
You can make a decision to past on love....but you might regret it later.. When the time is right embrace it.
Kristen Stewart Shops for Guitars at Robert Pattinson ’s Favorite Spot! (PHOTO) Kristen Stewart arrived back in Los Angeles last week,
Listening to music#chris brown
You are too kind! Thanks for the #WW!!
Yes Sir... Chuuuuch
Wtf u in it for?
Also into Native American stuff.
and so am i
u don't have to apologize. :) go study,good luck ;) <33 :D
same here! Haha
Maybe it's me, but I'm feeling kinda "meh" on summer indie movies this year. Convince me otherwise.
I <3 you ... Cause you totally aren't racist
I wanna see Paranormal Activity 3,,, so bad!!!!<U+E056><U+E415><U+E057><U+E105>
We now have Craig Rubino, Product Designer at Macneill Engineering
One more shot at getting VIP suite tix for tomorrow night w/ this hour. Listen.
Joes crab shack ...
Hey fans! We Are Closing In The Next Few Minutes, And Will Resume Activity On Sunday! Well Be Waiting For You!
is for our poker tournament!! Buy in is only $300, all proceeds benefit #prostatecancer!
It was AWESOME...i'm so excited for new episodes!!!!:)
GAB WILL post searchable database online for all 6 recalls, info would have been available to anyone through records request
you guys are the greatest so ready for #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin !
Hi! Are you on Pinterest? Hansol Kim has some interesting photography you might also like.
Love the Italian dudes on
Thinking about Juneteenth and the apology
excited to celebrate my birthday this weekend at
Heading over there for dinner tonight!
This is all happening way too fast, I really don't know what to do :S
Yes it is you just aint learn its okay thou we gone get there i promise
The people did seem to like it. RT : Is there anyway you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Ima get her ass
why isn't she following you yet
The only high and I get is our voices when we suck helium in.
:) Do you get into Emotobooks?
RELEASING A SONG TONIGHT! Share my fanpage!
its them lace front wigs and forhead of brandys ppl dont wanna keep seeing that shit lol
Things I hate about political rhetoric: overstatement, vague terminology, hyperbole and finger-pointing. GOP most guilty of all.
he bet as a manager. when you're betting FOR your team. Days that you don't bet is the same as betting against...
My nephew bday party tomorrow gone pop tomorrow
RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
that great backyard oak tree makes me miss Descanso Gardens.
Sort of loving the new look of
lol. I hope so
Tomorrows the day. The first Memorial Experience...soon to be know as the Disc Golf Experience. Come on out to fountain hills tomorrow
That's true. They did it without Gay last year too. Could they do it with him now is the question
sorry to hear that- you need a drink
Thanks a lot to all of you playing the fundraiser for Thor Hansen today !
Tune in to on Thanksgiving Day, it's DOGS until 2 PM! Pass the word along to all of ur #dog loving friends who missed the action live!
why anyone would sell a superbowl ring is beyond me
Exactly! Last month I had to recommend 2 current students for the same scholarship -- those were REALLY tough to write!
hahahhaa lol. And yes I was planning on driving! K yaaaay haha
Darth Vader arrives to introduce this morning's Plenary speaker Dr. Milton Chen!
Does not compute
Dictate life, dont let life dictate you...
okay, I followed back :) thank you for following me
Keep it up buddy ;)
I know, too legit. But he's supposed to be home soon...and that was at, 535. Damn.
It is a great photo. Only a few miles from my home.
whores, politicians and Fenway Park
Good! I watch your show every single weekday and couldn't imagine life w/o it.lol. BTW, I was sad to see Life Unexpected end.
I had to turn the radio off. I just couldn't listen to it.
There's really not lots of details. I thought hard, but couldn't make getting stuck in an escalator at Time dirty.
What are the chances the cast of Jersey Shore use any so called "SAT Words" or somewhat intelligent words on the season recap?
At the mall, remembering why I never go to the mall.
I'm practically in a vegetative state after the release of the #Budget4All so tired
I am a pirate. Thanks to temporary blindness and a twitching eye, I am wearing an eye patch.
Omg. I hate #Texas weather. It's just terrible. Help :(
is anyone famous followin u
"Good Friday" falls one week before Friday the 13th.
Hopefully gonna be out of here by 1 o'clock
You're very welcome. Lol it will be nice to be yall twitter sister
Talking to your exboyfriend about who they a cutecouple with is just plain
what time yo?
I am SO looking forward to wearing my fuzzy earmuffs, bulky jacket, boots etc. I especially can't wait for the frigid weather! Sarcasm lol
That was a fun read. The people of Boston must miss him.
I know right
tour de tech terrace. Drunkards all over
Dunk, fat and stupid is a great way to go through life no matter what they might say (animal house)!
I love my best friend
Peyton, just come to Seattle.
Running errands today then going out later maybe!!!
Tip #191: There is always more to learn.Turn off all distractions & pay attention. You will discover something to help you chip up.
#PickMeEllen cause you'd make my dream come true !. But are you going to be there?
Potheads <<<<<<< Stop smoking
Criss!please check out my twitter profile.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
K pasta?
You shouldn't worry when a girl cares too much about you... You should begin to worry when she stops caring.
The 30th birthday party week has now come to a conclusion- thank god:)
HI HI HI :D How's #Believe going?:)
Ugh jeez. Didn't know Delta is the official airline for #Cardinals. #fail. I will email the Cards to let them know.
Yo my cuzo was #SOOZOOTED that he tried too hit the blunt from the lit end.
Good morning, Sara! Is the spider still in your bathroom?
NICE!!! RECORD IT AND SEND IT TO ME!!! :) See you soon!!! Have Fun!!!
#e10_sess041 #educause10 why is lecture capture important to you? What problem is it solving?
Kinect sensor allows users to operate the Xbox 360 interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
RT : Everyone please thank for his support of the tech community please send him a thank you
she saw him today morning, and he pulled her in the car.
With our kid being a little incubator, we're sick of being sick! Need to tweet more, just can't find the time or energy at the moment. :)
you're a little monster right?
it was great. His memoir may be theo next book on my list!
Friends are confident Giffords will return to Washington and her husband to space
So is yours!! “: thanks for the follow guys. Interesting product :)”
People can be slow sometimes...
Big welcome to you Jason!
Some of you - I like very much. A lot of you...even though we don't talk, I'm glad you're here. A buncha funny, crazy, neurotic, fun people.
why the long wait list? Would love to join and start pinning!
Help spread the word 4 a gr8 film on #StudentDebt by gr8 #filmakers- "Default: The Student Loan Documentary" : bit.ly/kGRKrX !
this will make our Australian Gondor customers very happy :-)
Thanks for your hard work. Looking forward to advocating for a better usage of Shaed.
OMG Really? RENT TONIGHT. My fave of that year.
Just cause you have tats now doesn't mean you sexy. You was ugly without them an you ugly with them... Nothing changed lmmfao...
why do we only teach kids about the world in the most #orientalist ways possible? this is why americans are so ignorant.
Civil liberties lawyers are going to make a killing if they continue with this drone bullshit in the US
When they can't find dirt, they make it up.
Thats So Cute
I'm with Moser on both counts. Incomplete sentences = good if its a good stylistic choice. Form should support meaning. And 69er?
Beyond disappointed to hear you say this, not even close to being true
Don't Be Nasty.
RT : Don't miss #CNNPresents tonight at 8pm PST: Our president Andy Keller is interviewed by for the #Plastic Wars feat
Then on top of that u got the nerve to be ugly w/ a bad attitude !! <<<< nah nigga lmfao .
today i am mad at some one who i am not going to say who and is not my sisters ok
is probably the rudest person on this planet
dude #Lure was insane last night.. I waz wilen out with Blaise!
I didn't feel so good today, but I feel so much better now.
Take care of yourself. Eat Well. Find time for exercise. We're all emotionally, physically tired. Who wouldn't be?
We process all film! E6 & C41 from 35mm - 8x10 & B&W from 35mm - 5x7 Push/pull, mounting, clip test, cut & sleeve 94291299
Thank u for following back !
My romance novel is not your Kant, in other words. All this talk about publishing vs. Amazon treats all books as being one standard product.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
#dml2012 Seeing great prototypes for connected reading from Nokia. People in Books uses depth cameras for an embodied story book experience.
Rock it! // RT : I'm totally wearing my Left Behind t-shirt with the kilt tonight.
Why does the pitcher pitch from a mound as opposed to flat on the ground?
I got to ride in a crowded subway car with a woman changing her baby!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 56 to 61....
First Brother Apparel event is tonight at 630. Kick off 2011. Bring 15 bucks and get a shirt that helps a child in Kenya.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Q:Really!! All 3 of your boys have #Autism A: yes followed by Q: Wow, how do you manage it all?
Oft times on a morn such as this I am fearful of falling asleep on the MAX, missing my stop, and being dumped off at the Expo Center.
Dr. Google von Turbotax is my new favorite Bond villain--oh, and I should do my taxes.
RT Thanks to for posting #butt!!
Offense Was In The Eye Of Body Art&#39;s Beholder
good afternoon :)
hey perk, how do you like your chances in the west this year?
shouting out your click eh?
Expect the Unexpected!
I would if I knew it would be climate controlled.
too bad I'm so tired now...
All packed. Just waiting for one cardigan to de-lint itself in the dryer.
can please help us spread the word about
no homo but good porn Follow me and ill follow you
Tonight we r young
Recommendations over the past few days: Tassili (4342 N Elston) for Algerian and Al Bawadi Grill (7216 W. 87th Street) for Palestinian
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
sometimes i wonder if you're truley my friend...
We have free pint glasses at #interbike booth 17021! Get them while they last!
Happy Birthday to ms. !
Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship.
RT : Been hearing about these death panels. Wonder if I can get some for my van.
American Bandstand... BAAANNNDSTAAAND ;)“: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....”
just name a place.
Everyone knows planking, and owling, well how about penguining ?! Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww. Its amazingly funny.
thanks :D
"would you rather eat the balls part or the asshole part?"
Thats hard to go to when I'm the star ;) Im not doing any shows today hehe
I already feel bad for my landlord because he's going to get an earful tomorrow.
6:30-7 range. We're glad to have you!
lmao #Dead! Thanks!
The teeter totters that could propel your buddy into the atmosphere? The metal-horsie swings that broke faces?
The obvious grade inflation of the scores, to me, underscores why the points are useless.
You too!
Wishing sometimes helps to make it so.
#RickSantorum out of the Presidential Race! #FuckYeah! :D
#webservius is now enrolled in Microsoft #BizSpark - really excited about the free software
Crisis communications, "profriendships" and keeping your cool under pressure. Just some of the topics we've covered today so far...
wild child sed you got that song on some live ish...thanks for making my tracks a smash
im such a mamona :")
High School Report - Kitsap Sun
when will u be in Denver
that's the worst I know
much easier than it was in 2007.
come back into my lifee
Which zoo?
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Sat | 7PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Duel of future aces? Two scoreless innings each for Bauer and Pomeranz
I hate when a bih lie on twitter. The shit makes my skin crawl!
Agreed. But usually I make my own words. Off to sleep. It's after midnight here. Don't want to sleep yet, but forced to by work.
I just woke up! Lol. Ready to take on the world!
#best17thbirthday RT : Wow. My sweet 16 was exactly one year ago.
Critical injury traffic collision kn Craig Road at Revere. Craig Road is shutdown, please avoid the area. Further details to follow...
haha I'm sure!
umm.. let me check!
If a teacher were running for Pres, and they were talking about education, wouldn't they ask the teacher their thoughts on it?
If this Rams/Redskins trade is real...WOW! Just wow!
Hey lady!Wanted to join you at Blogathon but I'm moving that weekend.A good news, bad news situation but I'm still up for BBC!
Tell me we aren't failing our children and our society when we have health disparities that fucking stark. TWENTY SIX TIMES.
Thinking about how I'm going to get to go to 's graduation party & how he's graduating next month
nope. ATL. has an awesome exhibit-sharing series w/ MOMA. This is "Modern Masters" - all of my favorite artists!
If you wanna get down on a collab E-Mail me the track and I'll lay it down!!
So good RT : Harold's in Hyde Park. 3 piece dark, hot+mild sauce, salt+pepper RT : Q5 #FoodieChat Who makes the best
haha lol but i am a true country girl no matter what
Review our Excellent 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and $4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
that's nice u ready for cold huh??
when is your florida dates? Please reply(: peace,love,vanity (i made that up lol)
Going to bed late on a school night thinking yeah I'll be ok. And then waking up feeling like a fly that's just been shat on
This bitch got no ass and braces.. You ugly af and she swear she bad! Negative!!
prom dress shopping online.
Madame addressing the IMFFA highlights the importance of families at the
Sports card is coming back, more details to come.
wat store do u get "dat" from in cali..the one I go to in inglewood is basic as fuck
: o like mine with marshmellows & whipped cream . I make mine with milk not h2O. Hersheys unsweetned & add splenda, sugar etc
that's cuz it ain't N DALLAS!!LOL
packed for Kevin Farley tonight!
your trolling is pretty obnoxious.
I love NY!
herve mons le chartreux is the milk chocolate of cheese.
On this day, Janet Reno, a Miami native, was the first woman to be sworn into office as the 78th Attorney General.
True friendship osnt being inseparable, its being separated and nothing changes :)
4 or 5 comebacks came to mind...but they are all lame in light of the bad ting happening to a real person whom I care about.
vampire weekend's "campus" on commercial for The Lorax--of course, i went to college with those dudes, they may be more successful than i am
Ewwww school ugh but I feel really sick I think I will stay home tomorrow!! I hope I do e!!!
Haha. Jai Alai is awesome. Was pissed there wasn't any near me when I went to FL. The Jai Alai IPA is good too.
I'm pretty sure what it came down to was you either really wanted Gordon Brown out, or really didn't want the Tory's in.
I hate unproductive days :/
That's right - I know a good thing when I hear it! Have a great weekend!
Did they just realize their sked now? RT : Giants mad about having to play Broncos on Thxgiving. Complain of short week, long trip.
I'm a tough act to swallow. I love how you randomly pimp me out.
Not a huge fan of this post. Let's continue to propagate antiquated gender stereotypes, yay!
let go whenever you want :)
It's been a very #medieval #manuscript #microfiche kind of morning. Said MS shattered all of my previous assumptions about 15 Signs.
mY TOP 5. Andre Johnson, Roddy White, Hakeem Nicks, Greg Jennings, Desean Jackson, with Larry Fitz in a close 6th!
RT : Do not judge your neighbor until you walk two moons in his moccasins. ~Cheyenne
It took me 30 years, but I just realized that in order to get up early...I simply needed to go to bed earlier. Haha.
On a journey to Disneyland with :)
Dedication is a must...ain't got that part your soul is weak
Urgent, important, immediate, and imperative
Knees buckled..damn Cotto...hes nice as hell doe
Thanks! Not that terrible really, mostly just time,stress, tons of paperwork...médical exams in dark clinics...hehe, Good Luck!
what's good miss naughty
#Marvelous Monday to you!
I mean like sagging pants and shirts that can be used as a dress.
You're confusing NFL fans with Jets fans
Woo-hoo!!! Congrats! RT : NPtalk is celebrating our 2 year anniversary next month - join us!
Interesting that my 'blocked' list is longer than my 'follower' list. Am I too picky about the type of crap I have to read? I hope so.
My plan for tomorrow is to take a long walk while listening to an audiobook.
Thanks. Part 2 is now up.
I personally think Myers will be brought up first, He is more of an all purpose player.
I should send a cardboard cutout of myself (a la SJK) for the house.
my impression is this: Well, 52% of it is(LaFollette's progressive WI). 48% is McCarthy's Wisconsin. No in between.
I'm so tired
yea good idea, how many gallons do you think I'll need?
Having a PYT-Nikki-Only day :) woo!
Just have to keep on believing. :)
whenever you get this haha xD
Heading down to the beach for the last time :(:(
Looking forward to
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I bet your a screamer.
I'd disagreed but were all entitled to our opinion. :)
great meal - can't wait to return!
Don't Trust Too Much, Don't Love Too Much, Don't Hope Too Much. Because That Too Much, Can hurt Soo Much.
I was setting right behind UK sidelines on the front row, have a great video of when the horn sounded. Will send it to you.
Maryland what up ?!!!!! #368Fam I'm here !!
you're in love with a gay man
people piss me the fuck off .
Love. Living. In. America. Just voted for....heh heh heh. Nope, not gonna tell ya for whom in either local or national.
Gracias!! RT : Friends, follow - a new Nashville music blog from a fine lady who just moved to Nashville.
haha yes it did! Now the geese seem sad :(
so you do
As soon as we get the tape in NY, I'll check it out! So glad you're getting to do some moderating.
Gotta whole headache
Im just sitting out here watching airplanes.
I think it was originally thought to be from navy blasts.That's what I think.Bet it's just getting covered up lk most controversy
#FF because he's a neato kind of kid. And likes Pokemon... a lot...
cool! You know what you gonna do yet? :)
ladies man ;)
#Relationshiptips Take your significant other somewhere in your city neither of you have been before. Newness and spontaneity: always tops.
I hope to make my way down there a few times, tanning & corona's!!
oh man this would be incredible
did you get to stop in and see us?
hahahaha yes I know! Some people these days....
Sure mom ill stay awake while these guys put a new door on as loud as they can !
Alot bad bitches in the club #AMEN came in the game killin niggas
Only half as self-conscious that I'm seeing a movie by myself as I thought I'd be.
56HRS of plowing with very little sleep no mail boxes or mirrors yet.
Wanting something that you can't have makes you want it even more <'3
Good Morning #DopeSwaggers :)
Less than 2 weeks till opening day...
I'm pretty sure Washington, DC is the only place on earth where #rockcenter is a trending topic.
#gopackers!! :) Looking forward to watching the game today against the Oakland raiders.
Deborah Eisenberg and Wallace Shawn at tonight. Wonder if tonight is the night to ask them to adopt me. #kidding (#kindof)
That might be a recessive gene from you and your wife. LOL
No movie but still a fun night
thanks for mentioning us!
we'll talk about it in 2013 If you still remember :)
Avengers sucked!
Just sent you an invite to our blogger meetup at #FOSE on Weds - hope you can make it!
Ur with my cousin?
I can't believe I finally saw you haha how random
Your backpack is inside out bro.
I have a great person! Send me an email.
is it pathetic that i have an Eharmony account, and i see people from highschool on it?
talked my mother into reading Slaughterhouse Five by but she didnt like it so im divorcing my parents & getting a new mommy.
Tonight! ATEC/EMAC Showcase starts at 6:30 at the Conference Center. ATEC will be starting us off, followed by EMAC. Come on out!
John Siegenthaler starting speech now at
Getting some people on to any of the Google Apps is more difficult than it should be. This is why I am making a PDF.
Something something universal healthcare. RT : Cuba's population is larger NYC's. 78,763 NYers have died of AIDS. Only 2,364 Cubans"
yeah! I saw you!
My sister is in town haven't seen her for months. Much better than going out anf losing money.
To add to the streak of unfortunate events, I had row G for Dream Theater but they didn't accept my credit card :( The worst.
i cant go outside this house is to f..king small
What assignment would you ask "Him" for?…… In order to begin changing things for the next 20 years coming up?……
DM me your number?
those are the ugliest boots/shoes I've ever seen
Careful, or you will get vacation hate-tweets like did
Deposits can still be made through the overnight deposit box and by mailing them in during spring break
Screening at next year's SXSW. "When Rats Attack!"
Yo #losangeles you can catch me at the Comedy Store TONIGHT in the main room at 8pm!!
i value personal property rights!
Making sound talking points while looking fabulous!
ha ha! We sent back some warm weather! It was a cool trip, Thanks!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Drawing News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Slow start today. Cats are fed.
usual BULLSHIT <3 ,how are you?
Good effort but the caps are just too good to always fall short every year. Its ok though bc next year is the
Board meeting #welcomenewestboard members
Wonderful stories tonight by Dr. Paul Osteen
The helicopter scene from "Sudden Death" comes to mind.
Its Saturday, what are your weekend plans?
Oh no! Ce n'est pas bon. Is that correct? :)
Want to sit somewhere besides my car or desk. With waves and sand.
Smooth flight from #ORD to #ZRH on Fri, train to #Konstanz, bus to #Dingelsdorf, and walked home 700m. No snow left, sunny and cold.
the curren$y concert? Your in portland?
Good Word: TURBOPARALYSIS – vigorous, dramatic motion without steady movement in any direction. [Michael Lind, Age of Turboparalysis, 2011]
Gorilla productions presents the playhouse square sat nov 13th!!
Thanks so much! Much appreciated!!
I'm crazy! What can I do! I can walk and walk and walk in silence without talking to anyone!Oh Hello everybody Good to hear about you.Thanku
Mood can improve by up to 29% if exposed to a positive tactile feeling. Web Mktg cant do that, Print and paper can
Not finding that Eloqua content strategy worksheet with a quick search. Will look more. (Sorry for delay too.)
Cooking dinner tonight? Come get your fresh veggies!! At low prices
Call me ASAP
He can, but he is no way in Tortorella territory, IMO
My bruh came thru in morning with early bday breakfast. Good Looking out it was much needed (:
Rep Rehberg issues a threat to on
Everybody dance now!
I'm gonna close my eyes while Chris Brown is onstage.
RIP to Wayne
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -"Illusions" by Richard Bach
In a Samsung Galaxy far, far away ... will Android still rule?
Congrats bro watch out for my Cowboys next season hopefully LOL
still getting used to new drupal.org, where is the druplicon!?
great show last night at UCB. Yes Im the guy you picked to tell the story about shaving. yes I'm now afraid of public speaking
Go from Old Tappan NJ to Old Pueblo (Tucson) AZ Where you won't warm the bench
It was! RT : That was a nice piece of driving by Dale Jr.
we look mad tired babe lol what u doing up ?
Fado Fado in the house tonight! 19 year old David Couto is the guest Fadista..
Pizza tonight? Yea, I think so...
Ready for Fall? Stay tuned for more details about our fun welcoming event at the library. It's a great way to start your semester!!
Follow along as I live tweet from the Big "I" or IIABA event in #DC on
Are you rooting for the #Packers?
Julia Roberts is such a beautiful woman
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Rohn
Good morning everyone! Back to work this morn. Everyone have a great day! :-)
Almost didn't publish it. But what the hell. Hoist with his own petard, etc.
I've been MIA lately, but i'm back!!!
Post The Pic On My Fb JMK Lol And I Hate Ppl.
so like in 3 weeks ?
I am such a fan of yours, can not wait to buy your CD. Rock on mr Nelson.
Going to bed early again!!
I seen him!
This time Patricia tweeted fortunate, happy, prosperous, and successful
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to the #Tea Tweets
Really learning a lot going to the WorkSource here in Portland. Thank you to all of the great staff that are supporting me. Cynthia Harris
you gonna be there tomorrow?
My run today was the same exact pace as my run from a week ago - 8' 38"/mile. Amazing consistency!
#RobinThicke arrested for #weed possession ;; now he's a real R&B artist lol
That's my plan! :P
fine. Be that way
You must be cool. :p
The Shit That Happened Wasn't a Game 2 Me..
I Hate When I Forget To Press Send On My Phone Then Sit & Wait Theree For A Reply Likee An Idiot ! -_-
Learned a Turkish word today, --Merhaba!
Life is amazing.
I see you making moves you come along ways since i first srtd followin you on twitter stay true to your path and you got it
Brother, can you spare a web tester? Participants needed to test #gov website May 18 at GSA in DC. Email
Join me 7/22-29 on where I'll be cooking up #healthy & #spicy foods in their Culinary Arts Center. Gonna be a great week!
Psyched to be interviewing hyperlocal blogger for our series. Chatting today at noon. LMK if you've got questions!
Can the Brewers build off last nights win? and what's it like filling in an entire game for Ueck? joins the show @ 3:30pm
And I love y'all back!!!
I'm still surprised. Just early! Hooray!
#RIP Whitney Houston
everyone who went to RIT should remem- *CLICK*
Wow! I feel like i've been waiting for YEARS! for this dude to deliever my pizza like i dont mean to be rude but Mia Michelle Monk IS HUNGRY
looks like McLovin came in for the awkward hug this time.
This campaign journey has been amazing. Our community is excited about the CHANGE that is coming. Let us keep up the momentum and...
Man that was loud. The Blue Angels must be practicing.
You know you're not foolin anyone.
Graceland enjoying some hot wings and my 15% off Jacket Backers discount.
You should do what i do when im made. auto erotic asphyxiation. love it. give it a try
loving the #aera2012 tweets. living vicariously through ya'll, keep 'em coming.
Being honest and sticking to it is painful..
Thanks! Happy Holidays!
That awkward moment when you scream uncontrollably because you've read one too many tweets/updates starting with "That awkward moment..."
free chips too!
Missing my girl:) Hope all is well on the home front. Can't wait to catch up with you and continue building our "P" school.
Jury has reached an impasse on one issue in the Google-Oracle trial. Jury coming in to read a partial verdict.
Yea this one is better!! =D
where are you?
Extra credit: TV-Who gets here first? Start curating video collections
Final, done. Brain, fried.
Too much of my life has been wasted trying to find parking at sdsu.
hope you have an awesome time at the Newseum! I'm here til 6 if you decide to stop by. If not, safe travels!
They are freezing to keep the germs away :)
About to catch up on episodes of HBO "Girls" it might be my new shit.
angel before >>>>freak during >>> angel after
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding... #delish cc:
If Corey can get me the file in time I can have you guys a new acoustic demo today!
Too late. Besides she's "traditional", and I'd be hung out to dry otherwise ;-)
I got indoctrinated as a kid in "Ballet is an art, not a sport," so that quote makes me flip out a little every time I hear it
loving the music right now... writing mix...
THURSDAYS || RT for that good ol' follow
Just rolled thru the toll in ATL and the worker has Jay-Z's "N in Paris" blasting..
Slick work. Looks awesome!
Well that's just peechy!
I gt fans tht I dont even know......
well actually, we deaded each other, but still. It was for the best.
hiding behind juan from ms hollis;)
I'm 46. Wait, what? Am I the oldest person on twitter?
listening to :) has the best voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I love your eyes, but I love my eyes more. Because without mine, I can't see yours.
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee. Wishing for a relaxation day.
Seriously? and acted like grown ups?!
would very much like yummy coffee and yummy cuddles and cant have neither ... dammit
thank you :)
im hungry but dont wanna get for food
Enjoy your Z's !
this isn't really news to you...is it?!
Up Up And Away
P.S. I was about to look up ticket prices.
will start doing videos weekly starting the 25th of august so yep I hav 1 video ready but I want to hav multiple in case Icant
I'm so happy it's finally getting a little cold!
so nice to hear! Thx for making us part of your day :)
The Oklahoma State Fair Exhibition will be an electric feel after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
That drive was beautiful! Finally in the endzone!!
and excuse me if I misspelled his name.
I am fairly certain that speakeasy's don't have bocce ball, shuffleboards and skee-ball.
Not sure. Maybe.
I hope it never does but if it does, I'll take you out for a drink anywhere you want!
My daughters teacher Jenny Johnson awarded her with a gold medal in her class and a letter of recommendation.
Spring Training? College Football?
thanks for the retweet! And hopefully the vote ;)
rocking my watch as I head to Exponential in Orlando. Loved meeting you! Appreciate you so much!
Look out Hotel, we are headed your way next!
lunch would be great today actually - i will email you
I was under the impression that ALL moments with Smurfs are awkward--doubly so if they're costumed humans.
Job 8:5 But if you will seek God earnestly and plead with the Almighty,
Getting ready for Avengers open casting call in Cleveland.
I've never understood why people get so caught up in the past.
TPC Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon. Don't mind if I do, wish could join
Next time it should be "Bond, James Bond".
pound the alarm. like, now.
Wow! 20 years RT April 16, 1992 - Nirvana on the cover of Rolling Stone. Kurt wearing "Corporate Magazines Still Suck" shirt
*Singing all I want by A day to remember* one day Joshua Woodard would marry me. lol and you with alex shellnut.
Late Checkout!!
Love Isn't Complicated, People Are...
Responded to FIRE @ 46 Point St, Yonkers, NY 10701. Red Cross auto update.
Friends? Nigga I don't know u! Smfh
My brother went to see The Hunger Games last night and loved it. Yes :)
Shift Age webinar with David Houle, #Vistage #FWV Global orientation and changes in leadership
Back at work and about 75% of capacity. Be kind...
Thanks to and for all who came out last night to the We had a blast!
I disagree with that one RT : Don't argue with a #Libra, they don't know how to.
thank you c': im so excited
You cannot shrink...You cannot whisper. LOVE THIS!
Happy Thanksgiving from Denver Family Institute! Enjoy this day with friends and family!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do u think I need 2 wash my car. Is it that dirty
RT : A kiss from a #Pisces is just the start to a beautiful fantasy.
$10 a tweet would be good!!!
hey, who's at Justin Moore? i'm on of you now
We love our sponsors so much...
awesome! Tell them we say hey!
Its nice to get out of the city and be in the mountains even if it is only for a few hours.
love that show “: Let me just say the show "californication" this season is damn good!”
Congrats ! "Outstanding Locally Created Event" by National Association of Sports Commissions...
Just got off work
Well I'm really 12 but you need to be 13 to have twitter so I just say I'm 14 but I'm really 12 :L
RT Caught Adam Richman of "Man v. Food" enjoying chili at Krolls West. Plan on sharing some food tomorrow, #Packers tailgaters.
I love you sissy! Your the best
amen say wat u want wen u want you pay the cost to b the boss n Jesus name ee say amen
Man what's wrong with females bruh
has never read anything by Euclidean before.
says not to use 3rd party apps to post links to #Facebook because the native share button won't show up.
My baby feel asleep on me :/ I guess that means its time to go to bed
I just love when Austin is happy. Austin happy = Mahomies Happy. ;)
So, I'm your girl that you play with but she's your girl that's "wifey" material. For one, who the fuck says wifey? And for two, i hate you.
Halloween is over, try to resist the plethora of candy & indulge in the good kind of sugar at !
Varla Jean Merman in "The Book Of Merman": Rrazz Room now thru 4/29! Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta Drake on drums.
MT Gotta say the attention to creating highly interactive sessions is a model every conf should learn
lol idk im thinking about it...
Stay safe.
I was supposed to do that tonight and I couldn't get off work :(
Great article. Thanks for the shout-out.
the goonies never fails to cheer me up.
Thanks ! The whole Tixato team is thrilled to hear it. and working hard to make it even better!
I didn't get it. Sorry, I'm sure 1000 people will say that.
We keep getting a lot of direct messages of spam. Please make sure you keep your passwords secure on
: Sustainable Design & the Pickle Barrel Composter
Economics of the situation changed SIGNIFICANTLY after the Braun deal. Team simply cannot afford to pay Fielder now.
It's not my business to reveal or expose though.
When love fails, its okay to cry. But, know when to stop, then pick yourself and move on.
I'm like crying haha I'm so exhausted.
JUST KIDDING
Thanks...I actually head that way in 2 hours for it, so it'll be a fun filled afternoon! ;-)
Special new "Never Ending" game mode for those who have purchased the paid version of CandySwipe! Update in android market
Focus on what you can accomplish for the company during your #internship interview.
Lisa's story will air on CBS 48 Hrs Mystery on April 30 @ 9 PM Central time. Please spread the word...we need answers & justice for Lisa!
Yesterday, Hayley Williams of Paramore turned 23 years old. Happy Birthday!
Got My Invite! Thank you #HANDIEGO #swtor ! Cannot wait to play!!!!!!
Just added to our #twitter list of #publishers. Check out them and the rest of our list.
it was amazing! Miss ya<3 hope your having a good break
i wanna see ya work out for me
what do you know about euthanasia?
I don't blame him either for sitting @ Lt Hvy for as long as he wants.
Who's ready for school?!
for real! It sucks it's do far though
#honesty night i still think abt him
Go Pack Go!!
Remember when did cool morning's w. , when they were just 2 boys from Texas having fun, </3 i miss that.
Let's get one thing straight: This isn't about greed; it's about hubris and criminal fraud by Wall St.
Thanks for the follow. What sort of art and music?
I think I'm the only person who isn't hungover today!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
Coming to the tip-off party before the big #Grizzlies game tomorrow? Be there or be square! So great that the Grizzlies won home court!
Another great day in the H... Is it really April???
Big money, now. Mobile/social/digital content making enormous fortunes in short order. Yah, some flat-out evil inevitable.
honestly a Range isnt that good of a car... its american made.. Audi... Is better
I'm addicted to full house.
Goodmorning Alex how r u what r u going to do today?!:)
mine and yours combined is Aucia .... Just saying ;-)
I haven't done his hair since September 2010. I've fixed his bangs twice, but that doesn't count.
we don't like this lights either! Hope it was something simple! (read inexpensive...)
What do you see a 2006 Prius grabbing in a trade at your shop?
our delicious edibles are spread out through dispensaries all over the valley and the venice beach area. hit us up! our edibles are the best
"Surrender to the Phlow"
I'm on Air Now with DJ TwinkleToes on air personality with WTPS.
Lewis: The goal is to catch the max # of fish w/ min effort. To attain, u need gov intervention.
Pf Changs and the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie! Sounds like the perfect Monday night to me!!
Hoole Library LOVES smart, energetic, and engaged work study students! Looking for a great work study assignment? Call or email us!
Has Ben seen his bday video we made. I've been away from twitter wanted to check in :D. How is the album coming? <3
I get to be with all my favorite people today(:
no way. We could've carpooled AND shared an office. THAT WOULD BE SO COOL I'M SURE YOU'D NEVER GET ANNOYED OF ME!!
Yep, warm weather & uniforms are a good combo indeed!
It's a fucked up world when ya "niggas" talk shit behind your back.
Anytime!! Next time we'll sub coffee for cocktails!
I didn't watch. It's unlike them to give up a 7pt lead w/ 2 min tho, however the gm was flowin...
Not here for this biblical discussion. Lol
Hey Niall. I have to tell you something: your amazing & the haters can back off! Us Directioners love you!<3
You don't realize how much you miss someone until they are gone
whoever invented eggnog should thank the makers of bourbon. kismet
banned in Indonesia!?!?
Rippin' rehearsal tonight. Brand new tune called "Half Happy Songs". Your gonna love it!
Word count goal for today? 1000. EXTRA CREDIT if I make it to 1500!
Sure! Profile where I'm in black is my regular & the one I'm holding up the "L" is my FB page. Follow & like...if u like! ;)
Jeremy, Bring entire "Linsane" team to my Tribeca Film Fest premiere 4/19 "Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie." Party too.
If you're going to choose something not to give, a rat's ass is as good a place to start as any.
So true! My new mantra : RT If part of your day doesn't include making someone smile then your doing it all wrong.
I'm outside now
urself in possible true to life place now unimaginable Pages of luscious romance convert ur neurotransmissions into orgasms
I ate that tonight too, but mine was recipe.
My awesome co-emcee at American Cultural Festival! Awesome event, come down and say hi to us!
'American Idol' Down to Four: Skylar Laine Booted From Show; Carrie Underwood ... - ABC News
My personal and work email has started to get out of hand. Around 300 unread between the two, and I see no end in sight.
Happy birthday!
I'm gonna get some studying in! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
how do we register for the event?
what's up?
I'm moving slowly today since I'm operating on three hours sleep...it only hurts a little :~)
What The Fuck Is #ChurchClothes ? I See People Say You Can Download Music From There
Ah work time
pretty pumped just followed me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
should have been at you, this is whack!
#pariswolf what colour is your toothbrush?
Glad to hear it! Thx for your support
Go to accounts wait hold on.....I gotta remember
"It seams like fake is the new reaI" I call them Rogan" for Man & Women
Pity those people who believe taxing businesses is OK. Apparently they're too naive to understand those taxes just get passed on to us.
got your autograph yesterday!! <3
ProTip: When someone gives you an Amazon gift card, it will not work when you try to redeem it on iTunes, no matter how many times you try.
Hi Ashley! Where are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We'd love to help! :)
The story has only just begun
Xbox Live needs to make some kind of live-streaming app.
Absolutely. Good tips BTW.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana breaks loose
Welcome new follower multi-faceted Bog Writer, reader, book/music/film/travel reviewer.
ughh. typing my essay and then it decide to freeze. need to type it again!!!
Craving Panera Bread now...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
IT'S NOT A NEWS SHOW! It's more like Morning Blend...
love our song!!!
I know what you mean. If I didn't like Matt so much, I would have to hate him for being so good.
Female athletes in general >>>>>
Men trip not on mountains, they trip on molehills ~ Chinese Proverbs
I solemnly swear I am up to no good!
RT : is down for me again. This is getting old. <-- Don't expect anything better... it will only get worse.
If Hartnell doesn't make that dumb lateral pass, no penalty on Timonen.
Thank you ma'm. I'm honored.
He loves his family and his fans <3
you better be, smile #prom date :p
the 2nd wedding anniversary gift is cotton... so im now off to my husband nice socks oxox
Happy Thanksgiving!!! I am so grateful for Blondie and Brown Eyes!!!
i wont bro! lol
Get the brooms out!
And don't think I just sit and watch. Most of the response I get upon saying "there's a trashcan right there!" are: snapped teeth or "que?"
Doing a good job filling in Gary Roberts footsteps RT : SLA begins 1st up, Gabe Feldman w overview of recent legal dev
"Get over it"....... lol, you talking like I'm streesing what happened, i was just saying!!!
Love Metta World Peace on-ball D, but not gonna get too excited. Let's see that against Kevin Durant. Then I'll golf clap.
Don't ever underestimate Carl DeMaio. He'd have the game masters in the tank.
See the trailer for "Come Morning" on IMDB. And look for my book on acting. "Camera, Speed...ACTION!" All things acting. Not just for actors
One good day doesn't make a success, just like one bad day don't make a failure. One day at a time, baby.
I need to do the same for you! Oh this has to happen!
talknn to lauren ! =)
Thanks! A co. called Pep in Cincinnati, Ohio that does project management for Procter & Gamble. Very lucky!
Pinterest is being so slow!!!
Some people think that gay people can't get married but cousins can. They are retarded because their parents were probably cousins.
i need to go to the gym this semester
haha because the pretty face and the tits come around the corner first lmao!
I got a B
Heavy music is dead. Switching to Reggae.
Congrats Seniorita Hottie!! Well deserved...indeed beautiful and talented.
If you wanna come strip on the pole, don't let me stop you! Happy early Sunday to me! That's a real first 48
hahaha OK, then I probably know his older brother whose longboard he took.
…for you…to justify my love…my love...
Sick of dealing with bullshit. Why can't women just not be retarded?
do you think it's weird that I constantly have "every little thing" on repeat? AskRyan (will you please follow me)
Boys, pull up your pants. Ass hanging out is NOT cute.
well I couldn't talk to you anyways I took the vow of silence today
Scuba diving this afternoon and filming the whole underwater experience. This is going to be FUN!
Sharing the same "spicy" Birthday with & the "funk doc" Get the party started...
miss u too!
Clarification to recent post about parents sleeping w/ infant: Just to be clear, bed-sharing puts babies at risk and is NOT recommended!
Can't make it. Too much to do, too behind. But hopefully will see you in Cleveland!
I'm all for Robert Scuderi, so whomever wins is a win for me.
you should go work with them
I want to shake hands with the wizard behind the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Mop. That thing is friggin' amazing.
Short term indicators appear to be bullish in my view
Probably would be in your best interest. And, by the way, GREAT late round selections
Hey hey hey, going down to the city in two weeks!!! Cookies will be awesome then, Eli or not :P
are you seeing a jam band or alt-country?
My jokes are like the Nicholas Tesla of tweets in the twitter community (Superior). Yet the hacks seem to come out on top like Thomas Edison
it's an art form :) have a great day!
studio time
Jerk move by Knicks or by Chauncey??
The light is your genius! #shadowgoals Love it! :-)
Could hypnotic marketing change the way you affiliate market online /?p=499
where is AC?
Putting together the finishing touches on 's music video for "The Lost Frontier" - it's going to be something else...
Robert pattinson in water for elephants was sex. Legitimate.
Bwahahaha!--“: Chaz Bono is probably my favorite Transformer.”
LOVE computer technicians! Just gave mine both my old and new laptops to combine to make a great laptop with all the info I need!
Only new thing in MT taser story is the tech: police using weaponry to "demand...respect" is long history for African Americans.
Why didn't you say hey? .... Creeper RT “: Opted not to be a creeper as just walked by me”
Finally getting my glasses back, after YEARS of procrastinating! Friends: "U can now feel safe driving w/me @ night" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The only ppl following me lately R pornbots Or tech-savvy sex workers. Oh snap, #TWEET826!!!
come on man pull the trigger you would look good with
who the hell is #RegGipp, how has he got my email address and has sent me spam email?
I love 520 rush hour!
Hornets nest of a kitchen Course one-Crab and creme fraiche, gougere, basil oil, pickled chioggia.
totally agree...RT : I don't bother with diet coke! Just the real thing.
superfluous. Do you see where this blasphemy leads?" Blessed Theophylact of Ochrid re-telling the commentary by St. John Chrysostom.
I will write this book. And it will become a movie. Starring George Clooney.
How do you get Hulu in Hong Kong???
at least you weren't baking break at the time. I was.
thanks for the follows i followed you all back :)
Thanks! Tell your friends!
You are so kind and sincere, thank you Alyssa!
Got word via contacts that Catholic healthcare heads (who opposed US bishops) have bn summoned to Vatican, as Supreme Ct decides Obamacare.
The Greatest Birthday Gift of all time would be to meet in Knoxville, next month, and then ATL the day before my Birthday.
Roses! #P4RB. Time to prove the doubters who have WI penciled into the #Rosebowl wrong. #MolonLabe. Honor your talent.
I am so Frikikikiki Happy 4 U. I would still be passed out on the floor. I would frame that picture of UR mentions. <U+2665>
You should do a style podcast-- complain about being an archivist and then interview a fellow archivist every ep.
() My fear is not much. Website seems to say the same things. Prez looks to be the same.
:) hope you had a good time last night.
well then you Pll should learn how to respect others without being rude
first rule of fight club
RT - For those keeping track, former Nats Manager Manny Acta has his Cleveland Indians in first place....
Texas State Trooper took some stickers and put them on his Kevlar vest at TXRD. Pretty bitchin!
MAIN STREAM SOCIETY IS VERY SHELTERED FROM SUB CULTURES/CULTS. THESE CULTS HAVE BEEN GROWING IN STRENGTH FOR MANY GENERATIONS.
For sure. And I may be in attendance as well if this other thing falls through. All the best!
baseball superstars 2012. best app ever
no prob... Hope all is well w/ you & Zach!
ill put a bet down on the stalker
RT I love the smell of gasoline
timeline? like? nah...but better be ahead of the curb.-alexis
lol because you copied your stickam status.
jets tshirts reminds me of dennis byrd, who used to draw Ichthus on his ankle tape
Today at #UNPFII and will present statements about 2014 World Conference on #Indigenous Peoples.
To what color I am going to dye mine red meds made it brown
Q: How does Al Gore spell potato?A: T-A-T-E-R.
Thank you; means a lot coming from you.
I'm sure you could get him to take off as many clothes as you wanted him to.
Thanks for that beautiful tweet! We too understand the power of prayer, and that's why we're building=> www.birdofprayer.org
what is LTN??
thats nasty! u smell like diane butt mary feet and the sweat under xiomara stomach
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
RT : It's that time of year! Starting to make those vacation plans for the summer? Be sure you are prepared and ready!......
We're not just about CDs & DVDs, we're t-shirt & apparel screen printers & embroiders. It's just what we do. Hit us!
Reading the 4-Hour work week, that my hubby got for me. I have been at 0-Hour work week since mid march so that would be an increase :P
I hate when people talk with food in their mouth
My L&C tweet got retweeted by the man himself, Thom Zahler. This is why I love twitter- I get to interact w/ my favorite comic artists!
Kodak’s Desktop Scanners Outpace the Competition to Earn Industry Accolades from PCMag and Better Buys for Business
Thanks to all the people who support me and share my videos.
I loved the easy usage of your site, it's clean/clear yet still fun/interesting. I liked the geek speak pic :) the paper
you do not disappoint! Already I am in giggles.
Wooa Xmas is almost here!
Awesome #Yoga followed by Ravioli casserole for dinner
That's wild, Robert. What screen?
that one i like alot
What are you working on with the course prof?
I think I'm Somalia's favorite white boy
Main-ly Movies Presents: Sherlock Holmes with Robert Downey Jr. at the Main Library on April 28th at 2:30 p.m.
- me neither, but then again I was raised Presbyterian, and always found the whole fish on Fridays thing very mysterious.
Don't regret anything because at some point it was everything you wanted.
TATP should be up and running smoothly for the weekend everyone! But don't get too crazy... ;) Until Monday....
Waiting to get my recalled airbag inspected to see which missing part needs ordering. I'm not feeling very productive here.
Really sad I never got to see the #beastieboys perform.
Wearing a white blazer today...any bets on how long it will take me to spill something on it?
why? U are one on the radio also
no you didn't wake me up my doggie did lol
Happy Thanksgiving!
thank god....I trust mark cause of the history but he has everyone nervous
Roger Williams (tx republican) quoted in his "Freedom Express" says he is against "Social Justice", Guess he doesn't want: etc.
yes I know lindsey...lacey tries to hard lol
its not right for me to have this much work so close to spring break
Only wish could join !
Getting ready to head down for the 3rd #VelocityDC w/ , & , are you?
“: Thanks for shopping! Find all your favorite beverages? yea thx!! Coupon was cool
Back to work-Will Skype with Duke Lemur Center Scientist today with a backchannel session for our class.
not yet.
You're welcome.
Did you know that your motorcycle's front tire disperse three more water than the rear tire? Ride your motorcycle cautiously this winter.
Do you know how I know No Child Left Behind didn't work? Maury telling people "you are not the father."
Ok no more procrastinating!
Yeah seriously--long, strange name but certainly thought-provoking content! See you Thursday!
If I agreed with you and your decisions, then we'd both be wrong!
It's kobe with the stomach flu, but it's the rest of the playing like &#%#
haha just had a customer end our conversation w/ "ok, love you, bye...I mean...just bye" hilarious!
I am so proud of mi amigos graduating from vet school today! Gig 'em!!
I got IND at +4.5 last night also. Do you suggest betting at the better number also?
lol is dat a good no comment or bad 1
Remove all door knobs, light switch plates & outlet covers, light fixtures, etc. & put them in separate zip lock bags.
Meek Mill!! where can I send you beats to?!
if you want a shoutout.. all you gotta do is let me no im so bored!
thanks for making such a great film!
Marathon, Rusk, Taylor Co's (parts of): Donna Seidel is the *Real Dem* in Senate Dist. 29! Vote Tuesday, May 8!
My bro is clutch
lol! I guess it depends which zone you live in! Being awake when evone else asleep can have advantages--quiet writing time?
why can't you make yourself another son and stop bitching about it?
Look at me learning how to take care of three children, while all ur doing is learning how to lie out of ur #ass!
a printer bit makes sense....
hey kid, most excellent burning questions interview!
i am sometimes
Really getting sick of homework and school
Happy Birthday to my wonderful, supportive, and gorgeous Momma! I <3 my Mother.
: an objection—even a vociferous one—is only a "complaint" when the listener doesn't agree with it. ;)
Last minute shopping ! Get Great Dresses and accessories and shoes and handbags...
What about those caps?
If you'll be smooching your pooch at midnight this NYE, you may want to bring him by for a teeth brushing! It's only $15. You'll thank us!
am i the only one you call babe ??? o.O
they're SUSPECT! Get some knowledge!
Nothing like trying not to laugh on-air while Bill Reh does his best "I'm too sexy" strut behind the camera...
Awesome Rock'n'Roll night!!!! Loved hanging with the Dolls, and the Crue ROCKED!!! Drum roller coaster!!
“: I'm a huge JMM fan...when is his set time?” 10:50
Nope... Most workplaces have access, though, I think...
People are so cruel. So fucking mean. Its ridiculous that you can bully someone that much to drive them to kill themselves.
thanks so much for your support and kind words! Wow!
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
In the mood to spoil !!!!
Hey y'all! Could you guys keep my friend in your prayers please? Also, if you have any encouraging verses about God's love, send em my way!
can I come over???
Please check out our new site and become our friend at www.sunsetislandmusic.com
Perry asks Obama for disaster declaration. Don't mess with Texas, but how's that secession thing working out for you Gov? Fed's useful?
Decided that I WILL wrestle next year.
Vandals hit a 3 to start the half. Kings down 58 to 48
Bogarted the charging station with my 4 USB port charger insisting "Can we share?"
Ha! No, I wasn't trolling. But now I will.
I think that's a dandy idea.
Trying to get organize!
I absolutely love that I just got a "happy birthday" text from my BFF 's mom!
Swear to god I thought we had something special
When escalators break and become stairs I become irrational
I guess I'll see what's going on since I can't sleep.
I'm tired of Florida being on the news for kids being murdered
I hear ya. Isn't that why we all go out? Looks like its time to put that place behind you.
The way guys and girls think is crazy!!! I'm laughing at this whole convo.
#NewFacebook can kick rocks. What are they trying to do? PUSH me onto Google+?
good luck tomorrow! Kick some ass
everything nikki minaj recently put out is horrible.
roger that- let me know when and I'll start pinning some new allhat pics
Uh-oh, it's only mid month and I'm dangerously low on my NYTimes freebies.
always wonder why fans boo each other when they're on the jumbotron but #Brewers fans shoulda let the #hoopster in a Celtics jersey have it.
Lunchtime has begun! Come by and enjoy one of our Irish inspired burgers or sandwiches!
The Chronic
sorry to hear that - let us know which URL you were trying to load at - thx! (cc: )
"it's not until you learn to silence the clutter that you can pay attention to the coincidences" -Santi White
Kinda want to play ball today...
Wow, my phone is effed up like always -_______-
We're excited for you! You're in for some big changes in your life!
Do you know sum1 who won’t walk away from u, even when they see how ugly things can get in your biggest moments of struggle?
this rain has to be outer bands from Danny. I know u think I'm crazy, but these aren't normal storms. these are outer band storms. all day.
Valora Technologies Inc.: 3 Things Missing in Predictive Coding
Pounds of tattoo supply 4 Sale
you misspelled Willie Mays' last name.
Time to take a shower and get ready for work at swapmeet!!! Ehhh lame
Is it rude to throw a breath mint in someone's mouth while they are talking?
You sound fatalistic...lol...
Another beautiful day of rain! I think a lot of Texans have forgotten what a blessing it is.
Can anyone recommend a good carbonara recipe?
easily Skip Bayless he's bound to die first.
Retweet if you love orange soda
US v UK observation No. 2: drinking four days in a week - UK = "social", US = "borderline alcoholic"
well thanks!
hi new friends, great to meet you!
I'll be committed until the end... RIP Mike Delfino RT Why I watch desperate housewives, I'll never know. But... I do.
This woman had tried one suggestion from the course and had already seen positive results
Thank you all for the concern & prayers. We met with the school this morning along with the officer on duty. They are going to investigate.
Need a quick fix on my weight
woah it's five already?!
The bigger the better. :)
I never thought I'd see people grinding to "All I Want for Christmas Is You". White people be crazy!
Yes, inspiring presentation! MT Thanks for presenting to the Study of the US participants from MENA!
yeah what about you? Glickman study sesh?
If you been at a party for a couple hrs and your tweeting about how live it is your lying.
lol I'm talkin bout to lose the weight.... Lol
Other question in most popular headlines: "Is Your Job Killing You?"
Saturday, March 3rd w/ & at The Boro Bar & Grill! 21+ $5 Yea!
Guess ill go to sleep now
Say what you will, but I think it's a great tribute to a music pioneer.
How you start your day says a lot about how you will finish it.! Make time to plan, prepare and execute your strategy for success TODAY!
Hey Friends, Our board is meeting to discuss the topics for 2012 forums/panels - let us know what you'd like to hear about!
when are we gonna get together. Miss you much
When people say Mahoney instead of Mahomie <<<<<
Hey twitter fam whats going on
bitch wants round 2 i'll give her round 2 D:<
Just discovered your you tube videos, fell in love with the music. Gave me chills - keep up the extraordinary vibe
Enjoying some of our Spring Street Farmers Market purchases.
Going to see The Box tonight. I'm pretty pumped. I think I'd press the button. yea, for a million bucks? I would.
how's it goin
Listening to Stanley Clark...
Fucking steak and shake
FUCK OFF! I'll be dipping my toe in the ocean while sippin on something real tough.
Feel sick:|
Glad You Had Fun!
East town mall is kind of dead, but a few kids getting a last minute chance to chat up Santa
You're messages are always awesome!
Did iggy play in the all star game?
awww gurl! What channel was it on? I'm shooting an online commercial for Schwinn bikes tomorrow!
Why is it every time I go to bww's I regret it afterwards..
Looking for musicians for a new project here or
only love march, because of basketball (:
Hey everyone want to be a part of the next generation in social networking? take 2 minutes and sign up today!!! www.iBand.me
your card is officially in my bag, yes me!
Going to take my mommy out to eat(: I love you mom happy mothers day.!<3
oh, hells yes.
What is your biggest fear?
Time to start getting weet for oh yeah the original weetster will be there!!!! I'm getting a cool t-shirt!!!
Seattleites, Don't patronize Rairdon's Chrysler in Kirkland. Very corrupt salesmen at work.
: dunno wat movie does everyone watch
My first time having Hookah!!:D
reminds me of high school. Lol
I'm Rosa Parks'ing it right now
thats y i was gonna talk to u on twitter.... thats how me and got cool... but umm i guess u dont so byyeee
Um,I'on Know What To Tweet?
Thanks for making my nite complete:)
yea i know )x meh. i'm just trying to find you. I'm sleepy so ima go to sleep ): sorry! Goodnight bye <3 ttyl tomorrow!
tell me why I wake up to a chicken every morning? bahahah...
I'm so constipated I couldn't give a shit
DM me this to much for the media
Social gaming for nonprofits? It's happening! See example in book or Blackbaud's YouTube channel to see if this will work for you.
watching the vow
for the record wifi not very good with ssh....connections freezes for minutes at a time.....good thing it is only $5.
LOL...that's what the system is there for...to serve the people.
I wish we delivered! RT : I wish u were here I'd have u Bring me some enchilada soup from Botanas
": You be my Louisiana. I'll be your Mississippi. You be my little Loretta. I'll be your Conway Twitty. #BlakeShelton"
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
#FF Follow Friday for #IT experts
So uncharacteristic. Maybe he's too busy running around Hollywood with Invisible Children.
Did the Cubs once again snatch defeat from the jaws of victory? I didn't stay for the end of the game.
what Nike and big retailers are looking at is those long ass lines...200+ lining up for 1 full size run
Atlantis is airborne!
Morning #chicago! Have u been outside yet? Raincoat? Is summer coming soon?
I could never forever dwell in hell... Because I'm the serpent swallowing its own tail. -JB
:) thanks. Oxygen always does the trick.
Los Angeles CA: I had a wonderful acting, auditioning class today with Casting Director Ty Harman. Good Stuff.
andrew bynum had a -20 PER in the 2006 playoffs. that makes me want to cry tears of joy
A cozy day in the studio...
MO! How'd your weekend go my friend?
I've heard some stuff you've done with Jerrin Howard. Really like your work.
she is pretty as hell!
Used Book Sale, open NOW in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library! (50 cents to $3)
Anyone lookin for a roommate?
I'm always struck by the irony of how very much food is involved in that event.
I ate twice before i came.
Life is so full of misrepresentations that lead to misinterpretations.. These last 2 days have been such a struggle for me :(
yes, yes you should, go there...often.
Slippery slope. (p.s. I'll translate YOUR vernacular)
win the shoot out in green bay! Gratz to Flynn he played like a true champion today!
Absolutely! RT You build relationships by telling the truth even if it hurts or embarrasses you.
Time for dragons and swords...
"If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others." - Tryon Edwards
how are you tonight? :)
far from it. spammers are automated feeds. I'm a real person that tries to add value on Twitter.
Oops... Also, celebrity grocery shopping and food trucking too.
Just spotted Colin Powell coming to lunch at StateDept! Starstruck moment.
They Cant stop OD
Harry potter
Yepp! We're still celebrating #Braunamania! Happy Hour Special all night! $5 small plates, $2 domestics, $3 imports, $5 specialty martinis!
Congrats on your book birthday--my students can't wait to get their hands on The Lunch Lady and the Mutant Mathletes!
My timeline is full of #Chill ! D: I need to
hell yea
RT: SarahKSilverman: Text STARS to 90999 to donate $10 to the Autism Schools and Programs
wow she just said to her boyfriend you got punkd b****!!!!!
Writing my autobiography. This should be interesting. XD
but I care!!!! Can't I be enough for once? You can't leave me..
GO FOLLOW and THEY FOLLOW BACK
haha depends on what time you eat breakfast
“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.” - John Maxwell
lol yu found me on twitter
Are you that rich guy who wants to pay more taxes, but just needs to be asked? No need to be asked, anyone can donate anytime they want.
Hey #heweb11 - make sure to stop by the lobby after poster sessions. We've got t-shirts and HPPO stress relievers for you!
this episode went too fast for me. I can't believe we only have 13 episodes before the end.
maybe it is cheap or free?
true, true. I'll still apply and take it from there.. but theres a part of me hoping I get denied. Idk
*WIN* an E-copy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" <---just 1:30 left!
If someone called me "mrs" I could say "you're making a mrs-stake"
RT Today in 1953: The #NYC Subway fare is raised to 15 cents and tokens are first introduced.
I hope you feel better soon.
Leave it to James Dean to come into my work and make my heart flutter again.
heyy did u know Dynamic Duo is coming to seattle and im looking for a date. How you been?
Niners D going to come up big.
He didn't play in NY and that certainly didn't slow their roll.
Don't forget we've got unfinished business.
Thanks Jake!
Damn this broad is badass!
Walking on sunshine! Got 5 tasks done! Onto the next!! Woohoo!!!!!
Ok LET'S GO RT: “: why wait??.... The restroom is right around the corner;-) teheheee *winks*”
you can earn cash using by taking photos of places people request.Currently someone is reqsting a photo of Sears Tower.
- enjoying a relaxing Saturday with the family. and yourself?
My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls <3 :D
Is this for real? Man. Awful
I dont remember! They were really colorful! But I cant see the link cux im in the car!
salty i'm not with and from some drunk #greenbeerday roomie bonding today
YEP, you have a link to ya beats?
IKEA furniture has a simplistic beauty that is affordable to almost everyone - great source of inspiration as well.
I feel like now if I tried to go to school without coffee in the morning it would be a complete fail...
At Roller Derby in Boise. So excited!!
I love you , flaws and all <3
you talk to yourself.
Let's go mountaineers!!!!
IRS Tax Audit Representation | Killer IRS Problems
Hey everybody! Tweet me :) -Maria
Everyone, jump on the Kings bandwagon! There has to be some room there.
With my girls tonight and Party on!
today is the final and the obvious
ha the bbq equivalent of
I could care less about what college he played for lol
Lounge chair, tropical drink with an umbrella in it, and a conversation about Cameron. That's how I plan on spending tomorrow morning ;-)
LOVING Hotlanta!! :-) Had a great mexican last night. Cant wait 4 u to visit
do it
Yeah fighting tears thru the movie The Help was work. But it was worth it.
Everyone Dont Forget we have Vistors here in Indianapolis 365 days a year, NOT just during the
Got my Sharp T-shirt on. Go Hawks!
Obviously! RT : We're more interested in the clothes than the awards.
glad to see you doing ya thing! "Eye get that CHEEEESSSEEE" 2 Fangaz for they bitch ass.
Good luck guys!
Corn beef and cabbage is done
Thanks for the shoutout! Now guilt sets in...haven't posted on that blog in ages! Drat! ;)
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing the world.
Oh gosh, it's a difficult one! But as long as you can visit all, hoping, you can cross it off your bucket list :)
Miss ya too officemate! Adding some Muse to my cataloging soundtrack today in your honor. Rocking in MA & VA!
Thank you for watching, everyone!
just making an intelligent guess, but an overconfident one. We might just endorse Filner to spite him.
Homebrew on the office patio. What a great end to a successful week
Don?t let go of your dreams. If you have determination and belief in your dreams, you will succeed in spite of your desire to let go. Ca...
I show suicidal hints, and it makes me want to give in because it seems like nobody listens..
Crazy Headache, Thinking Food Would Help ... NOT!
That sounds good enough to me! You just better hope they're so good i would want more
I live in NC, but don't blame me
We have a good one for you! I will send it as soon as it's released!
Happy birthday to Bob Yoder of , one of the !
This month? Damn!
Hate the EPA? Visit Woodward Ave for a couple hours today and breathe deeply. Get a new appreciation for the good done by EPA.
lol you had me super excited hahahahaha
RT : I text you becuase I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined.
doing the hair, getting beautified, then heading down to the eastside for a little partying and dodgeball... hah not the best combo.
Just got back home. Met amazing fans today of the Outer Space Men. Tomorrow will be amazing. Check out booth 2465 for the coolest stuff.
Creative Place making with for Falls and 36th today. Come join!
I woke up with Call Me Maybe stuck in my head, remembering the word dubstep and I think was in one of my dreams!
lemon will take the enamel off your teeth. :0
What's everyone going to be for Halloween?? With one Caramel traveling to New Orleans for the spooky celebration, the Salties won't have...
Ok, i will call you later #gottacallsisfirst RT : yep
Just got into my little sisters cheer competition for free because 13 and under is free. -_-
of course he's 6'8 and very athletic with that potential you have to dominate
watching #drumline and secretcly (or not so secretly) missing marching band. Never thought that would happen!
BLUE Laws (holdovers?) UTAH: A husband is responsible for every criminal act committed by his wife while she is in his presence. (WOW!)
Excited that is going to help our team suit up this afternoon.
Congratulations to on his offer to Rice University! Keep doing what your doing! Love ya! (:
I hate coming to the Asian market it be weird because were the only black people here and I swear they be staring at us lol
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
they become our difficulties." Benjamin Franklin
good chance of rain for my trees tomorrow
Hello, I love you . Wont you tell me your name?
We're gathering on Namaadi Corridor. Already have a guild up for Lost Battalion. Msg WittyJedi or Octavian
thanks! what did you think of his OER comments?
Joined the A (the American Association Against Acronym Abuse And Alliteration)
Chicago has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
I actually like Netflix's new UI. It looks cute and fun. Haha.
you're a good person.
Ortega's is slowed by the weather but we are faithful to our customers and will keep our appointments today
Bytches go soft as shit wen they not wit they friends . Shows they aint bout that life .
Hello Chicago!
I totally forgot to get the sheet out..... There was a lot going on and it just slipped my mind. I screwed up big time!
Started doing indexing. No Danish projects, so settled for Norwegian.
win that trophy for the family big sis
working on a paper
That makes me believe that talent can still win and beat out computer generated androids!
"I can't catch myself that's why I fell for ur ass"
I know that is why I asked where you got yours. plus i don't want it to fall apart either
Yeah. Him also
Running the world...or at least trying to! :) thx, Elba
got my windchime!!!
I love duel wielding flat screens so I don't miss a thing!
Tasty fruit bars... amazed at the chunks of fruit... got mine at Publix... Awesome...
MT : Letterman: "Newt has dropped out. It's a shame he will not be able 2 fulfill his lifelong dream of losing by landslide."
The text my mommy just sent me (:
Just saw that Soderbergh's Spalding Gray doc AND EVERYTHING IS GOING FINE is streaming on Netflix.
Andy's set was GREAT last night
I'm excited for my Spanish exam, only because my professor is bringing us Krispy Kreme. #whatexam?
testing tweet deck...
U r so hot nuff said:) love u!!
Have a happy MLK Day!
changed all my accounts to christmas themed, and decorated my bulltin board with christmas things. im clearly in the christmas mood. c:
Saturday and Sunday the 12th and 13th we're having a Barn Sale! Check us up on Facebook for a sneak peek of what we have on sale!
I do believe that I love you more.
I like where this is going.... ;) still thinkng about it, huh?
"and my words are paper tigers, no match for the predator of pain inside her."
Walk into breezeway, look for cookies&cream shake,they don't have..make a Reese's shake, walk off to pay, I see cookies&cream..Seriously? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Holy shizz. Bank of America center-aligned the online banking site's post-login home page. Is a better UI on the way?!
I had a fun day at my bro 16th birthday. totally awesome lol
oh my god he loved us
ha :) I was interviewed by KIRO7, asking if I felt less safe now... I don't. You?
........... by the way, i saw your film at SoHo Film Festival.
Sitting here looking at pix of u guys, leaking precum, now to cum...
Francois Payard, defending the price of his chocolate: "Better to have a $2 piece of gold than a $1 piece of sh-t." Um...yes!
Can't I just smite them?
Hate traffic!
This sucks... I feel like shit and havent slept in two nights... Please medicine work and get rid of this sinus infection...
cheers man :)
Thanks for your contribution, and spreading #poetrymash. Love the road less traveled slippers, More to come.
are you lying to me right now?!
My girldfriend is like a trampoline, I want to bounce on her but am usually too tired to bother
Hi Jeremy! Thanks for the follow, hope you're having an awesome day!
Was it in the (early) 1980s?
Still hanging in there, and hoping the rope doesn't tighten..... ;-)
At the movies about to watch Journey 2 with and the rest of the fam
Can't wait to get back in the studio on monday.
#bored #bored #bored #bored IM BORED! O:
Would love to see the guest list for the "Webby Awards" tonight. Has the web come a long way!
Bleh. I hate the heat. Give me a good ole LA winter anytime;) (though the sunshine is nice)
Such a busy week..so nice to be able to lie around and relax:)
Nothing better than having the slow gazelle as your partner in Spanish class.
So who's ready for us to put out this EP?!
So sad to be missing #Little500. Could we do it on Wacker in the Loop?
Go #Bolts! RT : Roli and the Bolts on the ice for warmups, ready to go.
Listening to my boys One direction!!!! Love em!
ik im trying to get a new number will calling so yeah ill let you know
It was fun visiting today. Such a cool place to work! I'm inspired to paint my walls.
fuck wit and all of the non-english speaking professors
Being able to spot creepy crawlers on my carpet in the dark... <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
We had a great time too! Thanks so much for coming!
Whenever a Japanese person listens to The Shins for the first time, they must be really disappointed.
Colorado Springs people are healthy to be fit, in California they're healthy to look good.
Sometimes a day of talking is enough(:
interested in spending spring 2011 in London? Come learn more! Info. session tomorrow, Wed. Sept. 15 @ 11am in Annenberg Room 3!
Jeremy Lin pretty impressive. Hard to play that well with your eyes (mostly) closed.
Only watching the #Avengers because of the hulk
Word RT & please dont start with that animal cruelty bullshit. Its cruel to have animals running loose.
with both the and the playing today it's hard to get any art making done.
watched my 745 bus drive by @ 730 now waiting for the 800 bus
hope you find her ! don't scare the directioners outta the fandom Lol (;
Also as usual at , I came away w/some great bks, including Talen, *City Rules: How Regulations Affect Urban Form.*
Papaya King has opened in L.A. When to go? When to go?
Someone wanna go meet with me tomorrow night? :D
sure, the act legalizes fantasy football and bans online poker
Don't care if the brackets in shambles.
but also, yeah. i haven't seen her yet, but i want to give hugs. she's strong though. she'll get through it.
Snowing. Glad I brought in a big bunch of lilacs last night.
I think you just did haha. She never tweets me either if that makes you feel better.
Overwhelmed with options now. This time last week, I had none.
Don't put so much kahlua in it this early
maybe I wouldn't spend it, maybe I would leverage it
Always hears the song "Black Betty" when cruise walking through NYC.
"Scary movies are so much better when you have someone to watch them with"-Sarcasm! () *Cough (; * ha I wish.
Cant wait to see my peeps in Tenn...been too long!
RT : It's summertime #lower40nation!! Starting this weekend early...tomorrow night @ 9 come &
Sing to me hahah
Thank you very much :)
By statute, Governor of NY must take full salary. Since Cuomo had promised 5% cut, he must take the full salary and donate 5% of it himself
Why is the word "pixelated" coming up in spell check....how long have we been using computers!? Something needs to be done about this!
Ha life is fucked. When you think you've done it all right and better than anyone you find out it's still not good enough.togiveuportryhardr
I love finding money in the dryer!
Good, its all been good. & You? :)
It's weird to think that this time last week was prom and this time next week will be summer. Time really does fly!
Standing, clapping! RT : Should be goal for all. Be intentional. Happen to your life. Don't let your life happen to you
yah im ok jason im tired of plp lying like i give out nude piks of me on here
I think Bukowski was/is a sexist hack, but even he would have the good sense to not put such a stupid bumper sticker on a white Mercedes.
I can't wait to bring my family to the Reno Basque festival tomorrow to experience some new entertainment and food!
What songs motivate you through finals? RT I'm making a playlist of the best study jams. Give me your recommendations please! :)
IN Rep Bob Morris, really?!? :-/
Happy mothers day to all my baby mommas! Child support will be on time this week
I know you wanted to punch Big Johnny in the face. But you couldn't
#Mild headache -__-
My speech Bouncing Back was very powerful. Cynthia Harris
I've made Gefilte Fish from scratch for a large Seder! Good luck!
So am I and I'm a #scorpio RT #Aries are attracted to the
WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW
Working on my memo, watching The Amazing Race and enjoying my stress relief tea!
How do you feel about pizza delivered initial D styled?
when I saw you were a belieber I knew you were awesome. When I heard your voice I instantly fell in love with it <3 <U+2665> u
Sometimes u expect more from people but I learned that 1 should not expect anything because u get slam in the floor when it doesn't happen.
'Your Things To Do List': Get more folks to follow us on Twitter&Facebook!Help us keep our community informed!
Nice jeter nice!! :-)
I just got dirty work bitchess!!!
1st time living there but not first time staying.
happy new year!
Grilled fish and shrimp skewers#GoodEatin'
are you on ?
In the never ending search for subject matter, I go back and forth between mythic and domestic. Possibly domestic mythology?
c: what's up? d
I will be at the KC IMPROV tonight with Mike Stanley and Tom Segura!
oh ya gurl i forgot to tell u my hair b gettin extra long i gotta go up to sallys and show u cuz ur gnna b like uhoh
Its alright though, gotta make money if im getting outta heree
I'm going to go to bed see ya :D
i don't even know you anymore.
acceptance is the first step to recovery.
We just pushed out a revamp/new design of Judy's Book. Check it out and tell us what you think.
- Thank you
is it weird that I'm eating a beefy 5-Layer burrito at 8:15 in the morning?
thank you is my hero of presentation. I personally love Resonate the most. It's all about storytelling.
good to know - figured study rooms were hot item everywhere
Brides! I highly recommend! RT CALLING ALL BRIDES! YEAR END SAMPLE SALE TODAY ONLY @ 34 E. Oak 4:30-7pm! Gowns fr $999!
then for
heading to sleep.....................GOODNIGHT HAWAII ALOHA BUH BYE TO ALL TWITTERIFICS
I guess the diversity coordinator didn't do their job
we can't wait! See you next week!
awesome. P.S. I'm leaving mine as of EOD tomorrow.
what? Text me.
Women with beards cannot be trusted!
BTW this could totally end up on ! Daley v. The Truth. Ha!
Hey hun, I'm getting closer to NYWIFT membership! I had to go another route, but should be all set for the event Monday.
We thought, because we had power, we had wisdom. ~ Stephen Vincent Benet
is that the only thing you have against Kentucky?
I don't see it much. Admittedly I forget, but when I do watch it's pretty good. :)
ily soo much dont let any put u down and be happy to be where u are. girls are just jelouse and want to be you
I'm sick, so I'm not going to school tomorrow. Therefor, I did my homework for nothing.
Hey , thanks! I wonder which would be faster 0-60, your espresso machine or an angry Tercel...
“: Some people march to the beat of a different drummer. And other people tango!” I prefer tango.
Kamala electrifies crowd!
Nobody's perfect. Everyone makes mistakes. As long as they learn from it, it's okay. Don't hold a grudge on someone who's trying to change.
Love #SwampPeople and
happy birthday !
#nowplaying Pierce The Veil - I Don't Care If You're Contagious
After your #NFLExperience you should try the GPConservatory experience. A tropical oasis just south of downtown #indy .
When it comes to money, I just wait for the weekend or wait for my father to give me it.
HAHAHHA ANYONE WHO KNOWS EVEN THE SLIGHTEST WILL LOL AT THIS
oh haha okaai cuz Jeffrey's those guys that dont like shy girls.
I need a copy of gears of war 3 right now. Someone help?
that's nasty
All you who doubted KU can #kissmyass #haters and to all u #Mizzou fans... U can blow me
Ready to relax
Agreed - RT Breakfast with the smartest people IN THE WORLD.
haha im older than you though.. he better live to be 150 yrs old too! or she
the hell you want her number for ??
Ready to go home -_-
what is you position on gay marriage?
thanks for following... make sure to check out our shows page at
so true. But we're in a hotel so I'm trying to have a whatever mentality about it all
When did adventure time get weirdly dark while still being funny. I like it.
This Petit Courbu is phenomenal. Complex and wonderfully balanced. Oak smell had me concerned, but it's well integrated
i love the new ! im keeping it!
Let's hear "I Burn" by the Toadies!
but just know I'm still mad so I will be pissed at you by tomorrow!
What a day! I'm not allowed enough characters to describe it. Accomplished a lot and excited for 2012!
yeah weirdo
Say hi to Centereach for me! Grew up about 2 mi from Mulcahy's. Saw the orig. Tweet 2 days after I got BACK from a trip up. ugh.
thanks! Glad you liked it.
Thx! RT: Love Atlanta Homes! Gorgeous work.
Junkies arguing politics on bus "we shouln' let no more of them Chinese in, they already said on the radio they wanna bomb us"
140 Letters (including spaces,symbols,etc.) to share what I think or feel lol!!
like tomorrow Thursday.. It's kind of last minute I know
Precisely, They're based around the same technology for almost everything. The benchmarks are useless.
NM State Conference listening to Stuart Crabb from Facebook! Awesome! # shrmnm2012
What an amazing weekend of shooting! Playing catch up today.
haha that's all? That's plenty :-). I managed to succeed in packing...
I miss #Romantic guys <U+2665>
Teams who cut Jeremy Lin are feeling much better today.
"Are those birds or bats? Bats! Bats! They're fucking bats! Flee for your life!!!"
old school fame or new
It's funny how the world turns sometimes...some don't appreciate anything nowadays. I'm slapping myself for not listening to my Dad
Schools front and center for oakland soldiers vs bluff city, bama, ark, vandy, wake, washington, gtown, vtech, memphis, maryland, arizona
are you going to class? my phone is dead and i need my charger lol
This ish is devastating!
Thx. Let me know what u think.
I love this thread of snips -- thanks so much for posting them. Have to get that book.
i put on for my hood..... penn hills
Yes, a natural, complementary stress buster for I recommend for
Ran the crescent city classic 10k race in 57:10 on a very humid day in nola after running 82 min a year ago. Z ran 51:10 what a boss!#HEAT!!
Saying no need to look for improvement cause things are going well is short sighted. Ask PGA how that went.
has went from 50 to almost 500 followers in ONE DAY!! Amaze!! Hope this works LOVE THE SHOW!
I hear you girl!
In 1983 a trust fund was established for the protection of social security where is it now.. All gone replaced by IOU's
Good morning, peeps! It's rainy dreary Monday in #DC. What's it like in your world?
What'd you have at Harvest?
You know it's gonna be a stellar day when brings her WORLD FAMOUS TOFFEE to work.
Your welcome ;) <3
Dreamt a hundred thousand dreams before but I final realize...
just wow at that ending scene at the awards table on
Once you figure out how you want to social curate & how it fits into your broader com strategy — it can become a powerful branding voice.
Broxton opted to set up in KC instead of close for the #Mets? Ouch.
Celebrate the end of the heatwave with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato on the deck tonight. Fabulous!
I love the people in surround myself with ;)
if wasn't for you guys we wouldn't be doing the things we like to do...thanks!!
You've got me trippin on my feet, my mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
ok thanks and can u ask victoria if she can follow me plz do me that favor it will be a great honor plz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love la
bye y'all.
Belts Below Buttocks: How One Millennial Fad Caused Worldwide Sterility
thanks so much!
thanks. *grumbles off to start day for real*
haha its like the greatest brew ever!! Look it up
: Thanks so much for the tweet re our new book!
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool snapbacks, double socks, and chuck taylors. You ain't cool, you just a clone of everybody else
VonChurch is searching for a network programmer to join a A studio in San DIego.
#JumpStreet 100% took care of the problems with Lily's birthday party. I'm a happy camper. Top notch management.
The worst thing is when hippies won't shut the hell up in history class
": Lots and Members' Club are now open! We strongly advise getting here early. #SportingKC" I'm here!
RT Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas. She declined, stating "I only ride coach!"
If you can't afford to tip your server then you (insert your favorite plural race here) shouldn't go out to eat.
Always a pleasure to listen to your theoretical swimming lessons.
belatedly... Thanks for your mention of the book. Glad you liked it :-)
I always wanna run when i cant yet i dont wanna run when i can... #ironic?
a case of beer for 10 bucks?! thank you 34th lq store
Next up Henry Alford's Would it kill you to stop doing that? Thank you
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
Just landed a short term gig for Hart
So many cool things! RT : It's a lot of fun! The Richmond Night Market will open this wknd so go do both!
Official transcripts can be mailed in paper form to our office for processing (first request a transcript from your account)
New York's hottest club is Splash...this club has everything. An entire Indian Call center, little dogs in sweaters, snow cones...
H.I.V. IS NOT A GAME YOU PLAY ON XBOX! ! (THAT SHIT IS REAL)
according to my mom, it doesn't ever end.
Working on getting that couch for the media labs. It will happen. I know it's sorely needed.
Congrats to Cecily Scheinfeld. That is no small feat.
Cool U R encouraging kids 2 write. My mom did too & now I'm the author of "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid." U R funny & smart.
Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year? Give a holler.
Does this mean Pax and I are the only people who matter?! I feel honored. RT :
I don't know why dudes think body paint is sexy. I think it looks like weird experimental art
chocolate or vanilla??
West bound and up!
Thanks for the shout out Kehinde! We love happy customers. Let us know if we may be of assistance, we are here to help. LM
From all your favorite Happy Enders: Merry Christmas & Happy New Year! May your days be merry & bright, & may all your endings be happy! =)
I have actually heard of them, but it's been 3 days of showering with water only, so I chose to go to the nearest store...
I haven't talked to you in FOREVER
I'd be worrying/hating on about someone else's banners too I guess if I didn't have any of my own in 484 years.
watch it lumberjack!
are you coming to ft Lauderdale then
the NFL Draft or NBA Draft. Which is better?
Can't seem to access my Ext Hard Drive on my Roku 2. Cable is securely connected. Any tips?
This is such a good day =)
if you loved me you wouldn't be a dirty Scottish pedo and you wouldn't get your hair cut :)
Gonna have a FUN day today at six flags!!
I have no one to talk to now...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Dental Pics and most oral care products.
I enjoy knowing that Jesus is my creator.
The hfboards playoff thread has me rofling.
Fun to hear a talk citing Bump Halbritter while sitting 3 rows *behind* Bump in the audience. I keep watching for sighs, smiles.
Crowd in the Health and Facebook panel somehow surprised at a user that has 1200 friends
The whole 'Christmas trees on top of corporate buildings' trend... I don't get it. It looks very random.
not in the mood to edit audio or listen to anyone or do anything that's not eating
My world are my kids. My kids are my
if you clog it you have to unclog it
Grateful for my grandfathers wise words "it runs just as well off the top as it does from the bottom" keep a full tank
I keep hearing Ernie Johnson say that HE is in "Studio J". Can't stand it anymore, JR's studio needs a new name
Stand-By Alert ! ! Attenberg -- Sunday
That's your first role! RT : A3: Youve got to prove why youre worth it
On Wednesdays we wear pink.. Well sweatpants are the only thing that fit me right now.. YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!
Enjoying some iced tea in the Joe Starbucks. There is currently a line of 20+ people. ALL female. WTF? Weird.
~ Wonderful accomplishment Congrats to you both!
Still have some time to win a FREE cltbuzz tshirt just use #cltOscarwinner for your pick on best picture
Obama: 35000 schools to be remodeled but turned by congress.what does this mean? Political circus? Check out engagemyfamily.com
A very happy birthday shoutout to the musical
Missed Mayor Jerry Sanders' unofficial State of the City speech at Downtown SD Partnership?Check out: ttp://utsd.us/yNe5BR
Don't forget to add guest lecturing for my FOLK 101 class to the list! But I'll reward you with food. Maybe even tomatoes.
off day?
Very observant! Did you see that Michael King was also in both the foreground & background of his shot? We was messin' with ya!
On phones, too many native apps should be websites. On desktop, too many websites should be native applications.
Thanks love!
Such a true story !!! I miss you
Lincoln up 21-14 in the fourth
Imus was different. He disparaged every group imaginable. That was his schtick and everyone knew it.
that's how I feel about Facebook. So I come to Twitter for a safe haven lol
Good Morning #TwitterFamily......Never stop smiling, not even when you are sad, someone might fall in love with your smile....
This card was actually on sell at Target, but pulled early this week because of complaints.How could anyone think this was a good idea?...
Tilda Swinton Wore Chanel to the Chanel Show: Tilda Swinton wore a tweed trench coat by Chanel to the fashion house...
Haha! I hear ya, #Painful2watch ": WTF is up with this? Minaj needs to go away. Truly bed time. #horrible #shameful"
That's a good question bro...i really dont know (considering i havent been on there awhile)? I will check with her..
#ImDone with the arguments and fights now am done with your ass
I'm never gonna drive again! Im soo scared to drive now :(
Yay! RT : Just received my prize from and ! Thanks for the #porklove!
. had a great spotter keeping him away from 3 trucks. Nice work.
Downloaded the instagram app for android but it keeps giving me error messages or my photo is too small. Anyone have advice?
Thanks R!!! Xoxo
Woke up this morning after a dream where a golden retriever puppy was walking on my face. My real life is a far cry from such adorableness.
This just in. Tim Tebow to move to Nose Tackle after Laron Landry shares premium stash of HGH and Horse Tranquilizer
no, thank YOU!
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
I personally enjoy the inner drama of checking the weather every 4 hours. . It's more fun than worrying about the distance
Im just saying your could do better <3
A new fascinating new discovery:gyro bowl.
great to hear it!
decoratig my school locker the 13th my whole locker is dedicated to , , , & (: #Swag (:
ok good cause i miss you!
Give me Bosh in that G. Tech group and you've got something.
mtv challenge "battle of the Exes" it's so on! Haha I wish I still had time to watch shit like this
Friedman: always think entrepreneurial, be proud of your work, think with optimistic paranoia, act as if you are in beta
Challenge your digital brain! Limit yourself to a memory card that can only hold 36 images!
#YEE 192,....... Followers and he NEVER FOLLOW ME :( this is sad :(
RT : “This is a test of lower order thinking for the lower orders.” The 1914 inventor of the multiple-choice test, describi ...
If your not with this #TeamTGuy movement your crazy
What will you read tonight with your child? 20 minutes a day makes such a difference in their early learning.
Got another scholarship (:
T-Minus 20min to MAYHEM RT“: Boogie nights is going to be nuts tonight!!! The boat is crazy busy ”
your ears burning? and I were just talking about you.
Thinking another Vegas trip is very necessary...soon
Is this the circus?
Whoa ! Way way way cool! Madison, you better get to know these guys! Amazing band, on now at The Loft!
I keep having a terrible reoccurring dream. Do dreams mean anything?
It's bring a friend day at bootcamp and I'm bringing Malinda, and will be there, so it's like #earlybirds only not. :)
it'd be easier to tweet if it was live and i knew what you were saying lol
HELL YEAH! JUST WHAT WE NEEDED! DOUBLE PLAY!
today and tomorrow, playing with amazing unmanned gadgets
Sounds like two small planes may be down
Sweet! That looks damn good.
My schedule forces me to nap sometimes. I used to hate it. But with this weather, I'm loving it.
I'm now dating #mycrushof2011 :D
Still not used to hearing the words, "This is a La Cienega train!"
So excited! Going to the park to hoop in a few hours =D
Someone asked about favorite phrase? "Non illegitimi carborundum" which means "Don't let the bastards grind you down".
Go red sox!
Thinkin about a girl.
It's a campaign simulation/training that folks are doing -- click through and join the fun!
Since I never got my poster, I want Q to know that as recompense, he should attend my wedding in November.
thats why I love my wife": Basically. It's sad. You have to appreciate what you have when you have it
Great piece! Burden is among my favorite narrators. You do a great job at showing why. Thanks
The only thing better than prom is the after prom.
For the future isn't... and that's fine with me! Good riddance. Go muck up some other part of the business!
Awesome! Thanks for the info!
Hm, cheapest Tesla Model S AFTER Fed tax credit of $7.5k is $50k. Guess I won't be getting that for mother's day.
The #FreshCoastClassic is all about connecting w/ the community.Thanks for the support & we hope everyone #voted today to make a difference.
I order the grilled veggies every time-Most amazing fire roasted veggies ever! You would love it there. Look for on-line deals
RT : RT : Gerard: Commonsense regulatory framework needed to pursue pro-development energy policy
ALL MY SONS opens Thursday. 460-8500 to reserve.
Finna go to sleep an listen to my music
Need to get you back on the schedule, mane!
eww my first thought, pathetic follows close behind, with weird fitting in there as well, can't DM you (not following me)
date -j 041816042012 +%s gives you 16:04:00 in epoch, you could use that in a script, add an argument for the additional seconds.
FINALLY took the first step today towards getting my PMP certification.
Organize your things to reduce clutter & prioritize your life. Living in a higher quality environment can have a positive effect
it's insane how much I've grown to not give a shit about anything the past year
Great to see you have been following since 08! We are really looking forward to this year's field. will be back!
I dont even know how to contact him.
well it's why I only will eat at Michelin 2* and above. Why are you up so early?
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Not having time to eat lunch does not mean you should have an unhealthy dinner, yet I still did.
It's a cooler experience, but FB habits are hard to kick and only the uber social will maintain both.
It'd be a mini-reunion. But you'd have to bring work to do.
I hope you all are enjoying this wonderful weather we have had for the last 2 days. I know I am!
Going through an acting dry spell...I NEED WORK!!!
Sure way of getting sick at breakfast is to watch power of financial/bank system in Spain: the true government. Disgusting.
thanks! miss you! come back and visit us!
Good morning to u.
Thank you so much. Good to have good friends and talented artists in my corner. Fam for life RA. Love you bruh
No one has the impression that a plant is in charge of its growing; it's a movement of nature. Why would you think it's different for us?
more that planet.. But it's like $24/month or so
Spending my lazy day playing angry birds. #woot :3
Not in a good mood tonight, people will probably not want to see me at the poker tables, I'm on tilt and haven't even started to play.
2 events coming up at uc tomorrow we will be at the taste of uptown and the first friday on campus we will be at tuc for the meet the greek
I can guarantee you that in 10hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #10hours !!!! LEGGOOO !! 63
That was a rough half.
Also tonite: NW CV Civic Assn mtg at civic center library, 6 pm. Topic to be discussed: future of the city's bayfront.
Work then celebrating birthday!!! Happy birthday my friend!
Tom Tom 5 widescreen. I think it's dead :/
Gotta love base running and his speed!!!
Diving today in Huntington beach :)
I'm seeing WebOriginals: Television's New Guinea Pigs at #sxsw - can't wait to hear what Lisa Kudrow, Brian Terkelsen have to say
Teacher: "What is the staircase representing?" Me (in head): *Pinterest.* Others in class: Silence and page turning.
Gallery Night is tonight! 30 Years of Dialogue is showing at the Jazz Gallery. 5p-9p! Be there.
OMG. I love smoked oysters on water crackers.
On our way to to meet some great students!
that mean the line is busy! <3
I could tell u a secret but I can't announce it on Twitter lol
Start a small business with a T-Shirt Printer! for more info
I'm Becca and I do video production and social media for in downtown PDX!
a pleasure!
nice ! I like byrnesy...
This Am Life suggested that an iPad made in the US might be about $60 more expensive. I'd pay that.
Cody Ross is really strong..... again.
that's unfortunate
wait where do u live ....in the states???
What Is It About Those Stage Lights That Makes Me Forget My Whole Routine? #DancerProblems #WishMeLuckTonight (:
You are welcome!
People so damn foolish
thanks for the mention!
There's suppose to be a thunderstorm and it's so black and windy outside, i'm scared. c:
I'm not the same dude that I was a year ago, or even six months ago. I need to get out of this slump
saw your home team last night. it was a baseball game.
Today is the day they throw out all the food from the break room fridge. I forgot and walked in just in time to see my dinner thrown away.
Im bout to snap l
How do we enter? What time is the workshop?
I heard you were on TV last week at the economic forum. Congrats - look forward to our one on one.
nice. Start em early. Sign her up for season tix. Should be able to get them around 45th birthday.
Another sleepless nite...
y do ppl wear clothes if they know it looks bad on them...
132 MILLIONS dollars for Calvin Johnson The Lions are willing to spend for him but they still property, homeless, poor, violence in Detroit
thank you, right back at cha =)
Had a great time kickin it with the fam *muah*
Congrats to you as well!!!
Thanks to Norfolk State, my bracket (and the rest of the planet?) is severely busted. Wow.
Same shit different day
I'll let you know one way or another.
Happy FRIDAY!
I ball out the fucking gym...I ball way above the rim...my money tall like tim... duncan
Who said im going with your cuz “ tell my cousin to bring me a plate”
mm and mrs.. mrs jones mrs jones mrs joness
Murder she wrote
Happy #EarthDay to you too! Looks like we got it right this time :)
Of course! Squared away my media badge with the lovely , and my straw bowler is shiny and ready.
sounds great and inspiring RT : "I hated every minute of training, but I said, “Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of...
is a combo breaker. No mention of his band #AllTimeLow in his twitter name. #Respect or #Shame ?
haha ok i will.
Ok. I'm out! The same old thing, except older and wiser.
RT : "I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver" -Maya Angelou
no, cavemen didn't follow daylight savings time. #paleo :-) :-)
you should have a shot with that and a lime RT : So salty this AM
In a few words, how would you describe Lucido's? It might end up on our next billboard!
That's how I met one other lady engine programmer who worked for Crystal Dynamics, she was wearing a cowboy hat, wonder if she's still there
People change, and i get that. But there's a difference about changing for the better, and then for the worse..
but seriously tho it's hilarious that spambots are basically causing a trending topic
Sitting at the DMV next to a white haired man reading High Times magazine.
#iPad overview: retina display, faster chip, better camera, voice dictation, 4G, potential hotspot. Can we move on now?
I'm like seeing things
Im gonna let people know when i unfollow them.
#SanDiego #school layoffs/ "it has to stop" Bill Freeman, SD Education Assoc. "enough is enough"
If there's someone you really want to connect with, send their tweets to your phone for a little while, says
Was he scared shitless or something? There wasn't going to be a better pitch to destroy.
I am content with weaknesses. For when I am weak, then I am strong. (2 Cor. 12:10)
TY soo much!! sounds right. Will let you know for sure when I get back to my office:)
off to work (: i love barn mornings!
i love and miss you to!
The lakers are getting shit on!
Whidbey Island? Know my cousin Patty Elvebak Smith by chance?
Summertime cookouts and wintertime fights....
alien transmissions have been interfering with aaron.tv
Just ordered my iPhone 4s. Anyone want to buy my AT&T iPhone 4?
Played some new tunes for my Papa Reed this afternoon then he taught me some old ones :)
We need to talk about this once we're both done. Maybe at Texas Roadhouse over rolls and beers.
#DailyRebellion: Do something unexpected.
i think you should follow me or reply bc i have been there 4 you since day 1 i love you so so much <3 HAPPY EASTER MY LOVE <3
Be the first to subscribe to #pricemobster and receive the latest and amazing deals in your local area!
Don't forget to purchase your tickets for Saturday's [June 18th] Country Comedy Tour! Tickets are $10 in advance and $15 at the door!
So do you really love all your youtube subscribers??? Even me??
oh it's not over ;)
Now if only Mitt could find a good psychoanalyst to take care of that internal debate he's having with himself
Hearth day, take care :-)
tea would be lurvely! my voice is still kinda gone :p
my mom<
Technology is anything that was invented after you were born- Alan Kay
I'll endorse it
agree. Didn't even pay attention. Check out the Jerry Seinfeld #Acura one when it comes on. 10x's better
Smart Tip! RT Ambal: Key questions to ask about your Conversation Marketing. How do you respond to feedback?
I hardly make it through the previews with mine and then wonder what happened
The only bad part about living so close to work is that I have no excuse to not show up when there is 6 inches of snow on the ground.
90 degrees today. Should I head to the beach?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
my bad babe
Like this if you own an I-Phone, I-Pod, or I-Pad. Thank You #Steve Jobs, you will be missed!
yup! This was nice because it was before they turned on the music for the position players, and few others were around
Watching Hugo. Why does everyone in Paris speak English? And with British accents?
you know there's an Allen Reed working in Arkansas? Holy doppelganger name, Batman!
"HAPPY HALLOWEEN" MAKE SURE U GUYS COME TO THE PARTY 2NIGHT!!!!
Off to SF. Anyone else crazy enough to attend both AFP and NTEN?
Bring on the Washington Wizards!...or not...
#YouGetPointsIf you like the same tv series as me and we can argue about what happens in them together
what's up wit u go on mto and listen to Rayj he's a goon now LOL
Faces Plus Hair Int'l 6320 Winchester Road
yep as usual
Springsteen is on Fallon wearing a leather jacket that apparently belonged to Emmanuel Lewis. Little tight on the arms and shoulders, boss.
M pancakes :)
I just learned that before my mother had my brother,josh, she had a bird named josh...wut?
Ha, I wish. This is the second time - I went for a few weeks last year. If only being a vagabond paid...
Umm excuse me, #follow back please.
Ugh sore for Two Days!! I need the gym! -.-
Today was very productive!
w/ mad frog in cincy thur night!!! Can't wait, gonna be one to remember!!!!
and on my Chrome MBP, the animation is way less smooth than most previous doodles.
I wish!!! Thatd be easy money..
well johnny just retaliated away boston's opp at a comeback here ton, but they definitely looked like the better team after tampa's 3 goals.
Looking like fools while eating at mcalisters.
Happy Mother's Day & #FF to these fab moms!
New Phila boys win on Colombo free throws, 61-59 - New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Phila boys win on Colombo free throws, 61-59 New P
tour got cancelled. so whenever i catch a moment.
ahaha shit, YOU CAN'T SEE IT, IT'S A TINY BBQ DAWG....left it at werrrrk,
I want to visit DC again
#FF and - they make sure we're never thirsty.
Creativity is putting your imagination to work. Should be at the center of education. -
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-23
Thanks for the super star Saturday! Hope you have a creative week
If you don't give the kids room to wiggle then they'll "break"; and that's bad.
National Margarita Day is February 22 (today). Most popular cocktail in the United States. Each hour, Americans consume 185,000 margaritas.
Show tomorrow (September 8th) at the Mint in LA with The Memorials (members of Mars Volta) we go on at 8:00 ....
Lets GO HOGS beat.Vandy!! Go Hard 4 CHRIST!!
is sourcing tomatoes for...Gazpacho, Bloody Mary Soup, Sun-Dried Tomato Chowder, Roasted Tomato Soup, Tomato Bisque & 3-Tomato Pasta Soup.
I wish you said stabbing people for money downtown :-/
There're lots of sociologists on twitter. Plenty to keep you in the game. :-)
Thanks for the tips Mari, even learned a few things! Wanted to say hi but you were busy. Look forward to partnering!
Happy hump day
certainly! all the best to the new enterprise!
“: I WILL be seeing on Friday! #cannotwait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>” going to be fun!!
hashtag your post with #scriptchat...lots of cool screenwriters will be found! :0)
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. - Dave Barry
#LAStageTalks Anything off limits? Steven (backstage gossip)
We love 60° weather in January. Can't wait for Spring!
Good ol' straight-forward rock and roll
I might watch that. I might watch some of the divisional games from this year.
i would like to try tart cherry juice
It was pretty intense. lots of sippin and partying. :]
what about him? ;)
i love watching Japanese cooking shows-i never knw half the stuff they use but i make it up-like oh thats pistachio creamer & nutmeg i think
Hope everyone had a great weekend filled with lots & lots of music and leftover thanksgiving food :)
I take it u have a BB? ;P
. We hope to get the information about the hotel up soon on the website. And yes, please share rooms!
OF COURSE I want to meet George Clooney, !
tweet tweet
If loan debt is forgiven after 10 yrs of public service, what's the incentive to make more than min payments until that 10th yr?
Or used taxpayers dollars to get birth control like or decided to live an alternate lifestyle like !
#Paleo #paleo while traveling is tough! I brought some homemade bars with egg protein and a few paleo snack bags made with nuts and jerky.
At Bar 82 mystery Edgar week reading. Room packed and electrified for a thrilling evening
Sorry Chuck. I feel out of practice.
THAT'S what I'm talkin' bout! More real fans! RT may have to get the nfl package.
Yes. Ended up doing factory reset and abandoning ADW Launcher EX which seemed to cause lag/failures in camera app.
It's been so nice and cool in Atlanta can't be thankful enough
Thanks Jason! We just went to Edibles last Friday for the first time! I can't wait to go back!
Time for some chezzie pizza and cold cold beer, and my hot wife
Ask other customers if they have any Grey Poupon
Just waded chest deep into a blog post about the lighting fixtures at the Magic Kingdom.
O, Little Town of Bethlehem (Pennsylvania) - I grew up near there
Good morning, Bob!
Ladies and Gentlemen, you've been a lovely crowd. This will be my final tweet.
hell yeah!! Double double w/ choc shake baby!!
- I suppose the other early knowledge of them would be Goodbye Goodbye from Fast Times. Great song & placement in the movie.
yo you gotta make it a mp3 first, the audacity file wont work
Good to see you back man, I hope all is well buddy! I sent you some emails too a few months ago
he can drive forward....just can't escape the pack.....
Is anyone watching the Tour of Flanders on Sunday? Good luck to and !
ya right bro
SOME CALL IT LIQUID SUNSHINE
7:15!!!! Did anyone fall in the lake yet?
When I say u have to have a soft hear for God and his plans... I.just came up 2x's Yes!
YES. i feel as if i should have a twitter acct set up for them already
haiku: Can't pitch like Nolan, Ventura might rush the mound, noogies mean touching
Many thanks to the dedicated professionals and leaders in Columbia, MO. Had an inspiring three days doing 9 workshops for 1086 people.
I'm over-the-moon to be part of this #IndependentFilm and marvelous collaboration with Casey Clark & Kit Redding. Follow us
Chocolate is good for you!
I had a dream about Miss Allen last night...
#fakepeople speak to u on the street,but not at work
Was hoping things would get back to normal after this weekend, but no
Spread the word...only SIX days remain until registration prices increase by $15. Invite your friends & family to join you!
Join us today in the Learning Commons at 2pm for the grand opening ceremony for the new Hamill Foundation Media Studio!
RT repeat after me: networks don't destroy power, they reconfigure it
There are easier ways to save your snacks.
you know its gonna be a bad day when you takes you a half hourjust to get out of bed because u hurt so bad
i want to ask my few followers for a little help if any help me it'd be most appreciated
Universal truth: We are ALL in sales.
Is there someplace I can read about your Jumpstart experience?
RT"If life gives u lemons,make lemonade. Then use the profits to buy an assault rifle. See if life makes the same mistake twice.”<Love this.
when u coming to Memphis?! I need to show my Lupe Love!!!
Jack Bauer does more in a day than I do in an entire month
my plans for today are ruined
And your cry baby whiny-assed opinion would be...?
Edited my review of "Wildflowers from Winter" Hope everyone likes!
- We hope you will be able to tomorrow. We had a security issue & staff have been working to resolve it. sorry for the delay!
gute nacht. and don't let the bed bugs bacht?
thanks for the follow!
No wonder you puked your guts up.
A GREAT decision if you ask us! RT I'm going to #UPA2012. That's my big decision of the week.
It is simply impossible, nothing is impossible
There was a point in time when ppl thought that movies wld fall out of style.
On the road to Nashville to play 's Splendid Ice Cream and Rock Cafe!!
RT ''Better late than never,but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together''
"Ultimately, no one will defend the Jews if the #Jews do not protect themselves. This is the cardinal rule.”-
sorry.... Will let you know when we find a good vegan one too.
funny because this song has been stuck in my head all morning. See you guys #Saturday !
Apparently I awoke last night, whispered in 's ear and fell back asleep. My tender words? "You smell like popcorn."
Anyone wanna give me a shoutout???:)
I'm the dirty cherub in the back of the celestial ballroom crisscrossing with the angels. Aaaahllelujah.
For the record, I owe a HUGE apology.l Notre Dame got the last word.
I'm 2 cups of coffee & a shot of espresso in & it's not yet noon...
Can't stand him. Wish Harden would retaliate tonight. But he won't, because he's not on Artest's disgusting level.
hey, sorry I missed the awards. How was it? Miss you, we need a coffee..
The far left has lost the intellectual battle on many issues so they fight below the belt <- #alinsky tactics
Happy Monday #actors!
Yay! I've been waiting for this, I hope it doesn't happen when I'm commuting home. Early #SupernaturalParty tonight.
oh awkward I'm a black belt... #CantTouchThis <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><U+270C>
lol can't wait to see you tonight Alyssa!!!!
who has tattoos
me! I'm sick... It sucks.
There is only one happiness in life - to love and to be loved - George Sand.
If Kentucky beats Ohio St in the final game, I will be hosting a three day rager festival in honor of illegal gambling.
I love it! Hope you're having a wonderful time moo (max) lots of love from across the pond! Photos are wonderful!
Addicted to EggCheeseMuffin, always makes my morning... <U+263A>:')
Yup. I'll feed you at both ends.
Today in South Side-the Slippery Rock Cheesesteak, with beer cheese and a wasabi radish mayo!
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within the reach of every hand.
And on that note I think it's time to try and meditate... else I'll never sleep! This mind of mine would never shut down if it had its way!
was cheating RT : how r u NOT the major at The Place???
yeah my favorite episode is 6 well there all good but i like it because thats when Kohta is just sniping like crazy haha
Hey hey I had a great 1st day of 6th grade hm ......... Very interesting to be in middle school
I've heard of FamilyBee and AGeneDB, but my phone is still too dumb to use either. How do you like your Droid?
Do you regret it yet?
Thanks for the RT support!
That Was Right On Time!
“: a good pbl idea kids create product, cook & make it, advertise it, sell it, compute cost/profit. #itconf11”. Ill buy!
If i die young, don't cry. I promise I'll be in a better place.
So u r innocent if your parents have political pull? #george zimmerman #justice for #trayvon martin
Clutch bunting by
We're out of chocolate.
Lots of outcry today over #SOPA & #PIPA. Are you protesting the proposed legislature?
Talking at customers will no longer work, marketers can't just talk, must listen
Mr. Rickles, is that an English bulldog? They are very technologically savvy.
Meet Kevin Weston from Baltimore's own Gutierrez Studios TOMORROW 6 pm at the Windup Space. Learn about his work with metals. FREE event!
#DontGo in the street, #DontGo in the backyards of people you don't know, don't bring glass onto Mifflin Street
dude I couldn't message you back bc it said u weren't following me -_-
i'm the kind that makes his girl watch cheesy romantic movies. lol smh
Hillebrity in the house!! Who could it be....
Last day in the office in Hersham, hopefully get out of here at a decent hour, and head into London.
Thank you
men amen amen amen the best crews eva
Just lost a flip AK<JJ... I'm crippled... Boo...
TONIGHT: 2011 Academy Awards - February 27 at 8pm ET/5pm PT on ABC. Let us know your vote for best picture..
i hope you have a great day today !!!!
RT : tell me about it -- these mf's trying make me wrk 20 hrs n not have the next day smh
Check us out in the OREGONIAN business section 2day!!! Proud 2 be reppin' radical woman owned small biz. Thank u
Going to give Axure a try. I need a better tool for dev'ing sitemaps and wireframes. Is it good/bad? Other suggestions?
robert Redford
Weird tweet from Deion: “: Pray for me and my kids now! They just witnessed their mother and a friend jump me in my room....”
U now what i jus now noticed the reason y nobody talks to me any more is becuz i dont talk bout the #iconicboyz 24/7 not hating jus Saying
. I think the Pacers sponsors, particularly CNO/Bankers Life, would beg to differ.
Metta World PEACE!
Get on the floor
Symantec Adds 4 Tools To Mobility Management Suite
Merry Christmas Everyone! <U+2665>
RT : It's HERE! Art From the Heartland Opening is TONIGHT from 6 - 8! Amazing contemporary art and FREE to the public!
Not all dat time, but yea u rite
Its on like Donkey Kong fool! and nah but ill be down there saturday night for sure this time haha
Ay man! I'm feelin the music! Keep it up! Us young ones gotta keep the movement going!
Well, that's the way it should be for most people but that doesn't meant that's going on.
Grt idea. Hope ppl go! MT : Today 10-12, Lrng thru the Museum, a special workshop for parents/educators-free!...
Who would have thought signing a 15pg contract could feel so good?! $$$
Somehow the fact that Switzerland has same-sex civil unions didn't keep the Bachmanns from accepting citizenship there.
I really love
Does the #Thunder have an "all no tattoo team"?
FOLLOWED..FOLLOW BACK..
Dude, I told me friends about you from the TV show "Breaking from above", I was like there is a cool new chick, hope she wins
Got to red my pretty penny tonight and bum the grizz game and milkshakes off val and jeff tonight.
this paper is done. and is currently being edited, and if i get a c- i will be happy. donezo lets rage
In bed with this pillow up under my chin ..just tweeting for the hell of it
- trying 10 new things per months is a must - not including testing the red v. green button
To my North Dakota friends... will be friendly again in about 3 hours. For now, suck it.
“ S/o to all da angels ( wit da fine ass rotel ha)”
FIRST LOVE (noun): The person you think you want to spend the rest of your life with until you find yourself married to them.
Don't try getting me involved into your stupid, middle school bull shit. I'm too old for all that.
Maybe no one else had power either so they couldn't tend to your dieing needs of boredom?
Any locals wanna do their own headliner show?
Where should I take my grandma for dinner tonight? She's hipper than I am.
#DontDoubleMyRate why would you punish people trying to make their lives better???
i understand now,so whatcha been up to?#.#
Matter Of Fact GEE Come Down Here So I Can Tell Uu.
what happen
work harder on your self than you do your job!
sounds sick , keep me updated man
I love how ghetto twitter is.. with the exception of glitter logos it's myspace all over again. Check out the trending topics.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
omg, I had the same problem on Tuesday. So. Much. Soy/nut milk! Almost left without finding the organic milk for the kid.
day three in mount kisco with no power and no answers from con Ed. Haven't seen a crew in town at all.
Just found on YouTube and I've been watching vids for the past hour.
A note to remember was classes which have conceptual thinking and classes which apply laws are opposite ends of the spectrum gamut
All projects scheduled for this week and only this week receive an $100 off coupon electronically through email
It seems that way, doesn't it?
The Excessive Celebration Foul aka the only way you can get your man or lady to dance. You do want you gotta do to get the shot. Go Team!
ifollow but no he does not notice me so please can u help me?
wuddup R rated
GRANDIOSE SIMPLICITY!!
not huge,but enough to really appreciate his contributions to dance and music
I dont know anyone like that, but the world is a peculiar place! :!
Just want to say that actor and comedian is an awesome guy! Go see Dave Cool(yay) do what he does best- stand up comedy
Your boys are so cute Margaret! Hope you're enjoying your Easter!
When it comes to math... It feels like the longest period of my life!!!
Serious question time. Have any of y'all heard about folks using Monistat cream to grow the hair on their head?
Hye ? What are u doing rite now ? X x :D
SMH .. The Day I have to get back on "Social Media" Creep Book pulls this .. - ___ - checks pulse, not in purgatory so this must be Hell!!
Sweet! Yeah, sounds like there will be a few going from Seattle for sure. It'll help in the madness.
I'm watching that episode too!
I would totally subscribe if it still existed.
Happy Birthday!!!!
Yes! See you there?
yeah man!
Glad to hear it! Did you try the new Heaven & Hell menu?
hahaha! Thanks Bethany and Victoria!!! U guys are awesome!!!!!....u 2 stewart lol :-)
what's the prize gonna be
where the fuck are you guys?!?!?
another day of school. here we go.
Randy Foye watched JaVale McGee highlights before the game tonight
I'll take it!
where's my brother :(
Go cry to the uber rich and let them figure out this mess. They will not help. They are greedy and don't give a flying fuck too.
Alright im working on one!
Thanks for following us! Check out our partner
Batman movie and the Avengers movie came out the same weekend and you could only see one, which would you see?
resting after an early morning with a hot cup of coffee (thanks !) i'm feeling very blonde
lol thats the nasty part he was when he saw the lady pinchin his weewee lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
tell your friends to follow - we're here for all your piercing and tattoo needs on capitol hill!
“ KIDS=PEOPLE. PEOPLE HAVE NEEDS. ATTACHMENT PARENTING FTW! HULK GROUNDED AND WELL-RESTED. HULK BABY OUTGOING AND JOYFUL.”
Happy April Fools Day! Thank you to everyone who made it out to Relay despite the rain!
Quill: a film about the life of an adorable guide dog.
If you ask me if I love you, I'd lie..
The cutest thing when you have two little girls plan a whole party for you! Had a treasure hunt, cake, and now a dance party!
"I am the Original and the Sequel, Which One came first though. Me or My Ego?"
RT : Inform = Activity, Inspire = Interactivity, Engage = Returns
my guess is that the first time is the worst…as long as you keep it up!
Ready for a day of Singapore math training!
I started watching Doomsday Preppers to create my own map of where all the poorly defended food will be.
Great day of teaching Intro to GIS for Fire Service at the #Burlington Township Fire Academy.
The relationship between and is the sweetest thing. I hope I have that later in life. #KhloeAndLamar <3
People are getting pretty crazy about the Tui Na, yo.
I have had some luck with PLS-4 by combining with an obstacle course when attention begins to wane.
lol you funny..YOU were supposed to call me back tho
The sun goes down the sun comes up.
The rule hasn't been changed--YET! MHSAA is sending a proposal to schools to vote by 5/31. Thx for yr support! LetEmPlay.us
I think I could probably get you there!
"UnLearning" after we think we know it all, maybe the key to your breakthrough and success!
it actually worked really well
What does this mean?!?!? I'm FREAKING out!!! RT Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
GOOD! RT : To what extent #sm can help museums being perceived as more than a destination?
I am going to miss the mj morning show very much. You guys are one of a kind! Peace!
March 4 is South First Friday! Come on by ... museums and galleries are open until late - and FREE!
the water is too cold!
DM? If you're following...
You look great! I hope you feel great. I am not quite at my comfort level yet. But I will be at some point. I hope.....
Shout out to ....Keep up the great work!
Cute guys with ratchet females <<
wonder if the final process of comp prep anxiety is total calmness and complete apathy.
You could...Believe me haha. He tried to say he has kids my age hes wise lol. Congrats hes a dad, doesnt mean he knows wtf hes
Just met with Connie Duckworth of "Until people can feed their kids they can't see a future or strive for peace."
Stimulating. Watching Season 2 of Sherlock tonight!
Rain drops are falling on my head :)!
Workouts today all day in the gym
Tell 'em Faust! is the broadway musical version of Dr. Faustus. They just needed more *punch* to the name.
President Obama has a pretty nice singing voice.
why are you so pretty!? xoxo
Ultima Ratio => Final sanction
The game ain't over until the Lehigh cheerleader sings
Morning, So On,,,,, lets Smile.
your very beautiful.. nfb
RT : Willard Romney has lots of good friends who are grits owners./ Actually, friends own the Co. that makes them damn grits!
15 minutes 'til kickoff vs The Fighting Illini! See you at and for Badger gameday specials!
You betcha! Not only a great executive officer, but a great spokesperson for Sac State, too.
HAPPY 2012! We have more work to do - lets make it great!
Now checking out , an analytics/dashboard/mgmt tool for Google Apps for Education, apparently an 18k-student market.
"No more. I'm tired of letting life run me. I'm going
Wow the rough draft for my algebra project is due tomorrow and I'm the only one doing the work but I was sick so I don't have anything done
awesome! i like it so far, although i'm only in the first chapter. Ps. I applied for a job today out in LA!
is going to have a big game tonight
Thanks so much! Happy to be here.
yeah. & it was a big trip from here to new york then canada then washington dc & then back.
voting today...fragile hope.
Attn: Strategists, developers & decision makers in government and business alike - pay attention to the artists among you.
even before opening this picture, I knew it was of your car...hahaha I must know you too well
it'll be okay. Orange juice is only half as good as orange soda.
Softball champions of the world. Get up delt!!
love you too Ashley!
YOU WILL BE HERE IN 3 WEEKS.
Colbert canceled his shows the rest of the week, I hope all is well, I'll miss my daily dose of Colbert. He's just perfecting his Santorum.
Lit it up tonight!
I saw you tonight for like 1sec <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's like asks us a question and he gives us like 20 mins and we trend every possible song! Yeah man! ;]
House Rules quickly passes rule for the CR. Rule debate should begin on House floor soon
I will :D
yea let's jump son and murk him
This Wed eve, we're screening Green Fire! GF docs legendary environmentalist #AldoLeopold and how he shaped the modern green movement.
Yes! Is like $1.38 some shit like that! I'll go look again just to make sure. But it's called "My Brush" right?
I'm also waiting on a mag stir plate, so hopefully that gets here in time to get my starter going.
day raged yesterday = feeling like shit today
Finally, nap time...please let traffic not be a bitch today!
#cookingtip The "smoke point" is the temp at which oil begins to smoke. Use high smoke point oils such as peanut for sauteing & pan-frying
Keep an ongoing to-do list with you so you can keep track of what you need to do today, this week, this month or even this year!
I know my peers are playing the RFP game, and conventional wisdom says I need to as well, if I hope to compete. Conventional wisdom isn't.
#fel = fukc everybody life . lol i think i just made it up .
Anyone getting into NOLA around 2pm on Wednesday and want to share a cab to the hotel?
Let me know if you can come catch THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS at the Little Fish Theatre in San Pedro. Would love you to see the show!
I was planning on working things out too. O'well.
yayyyy! Can't wait!! Dm me your number & I'll text u deets!
Holy hell Draw Something is crack. Good luck.
Great Easter service tonight Really enjoyed the 1500 yr old high Easter Vigil Service.
Have you ever had a massage with a happy ending? Better hope the woman looks goods and aint got nun you don't expect. xD
You did wonders with what you were given -- I commend you for taking such a challenging task! “ re: Magic/Bird Broadway
So, if a little drone helicopter flies into the airspace immediately above my yard, am I allowed to shoot it down?
thats not good. Hold ya head up
Happy Birthday!
Give them all wah wahs too, then you'll have some hits
#NFAIS Incoming freshmen saying citation management are important tools more than seniors. Obviously nice to hear for me.
Packing for Miami.... I still think girls should be allowed a separate bag allowance for shoes... sigh...
I havent spoken to my babe all day << yup . Bouta text him . :)
Tell me you are kidding me!!! WTF?!?
Singing "I got somethin' on my shoulder...just waiting for you..."
#nowfollowing my awesome sauce baby brother <U+2764> love this guy!!
You could look at aspects of the Industrial Revolution - there could be many primary docs to use
Saw so many tweets about 21 Jump Street, I went and saw it. Almost pissed my pants from laughing so hard throughout the whole thing.
It's cute how excited #Cubs fans get when they take one game out of a series.
Good margarita at Ceviche indoor bar. It's a whole half hour til dinner.,.
probably but my guess is you'll have to throw in a hot dog.
Sold out for the day! We'll be back tomorrow with more slow smoked BBQ!
Thanks for the RT!
Dr. Benjamin: "Health is about external & internal stressors. Too many assumptions still made by race, gender, sexual orientation..."
I love having a high metabolism.
Out tux hunting for Kyle's
Not gonna be working with Ricoh from here on out?
I LIKE DUCKS. IM DELUSIONAL. Night. :)
fuck the world dont ask me for shit everything u get u got to work hard for it
If you like history then you should read, Killing Lincoln, by Bill O'Reilly. Its GREAT!
They are so beautiful! :) Great work! I wish I could have a garden like that, I kill EVERYTHING- even plastic plants lol
RT : I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. — Jack Welch
50% off all day all cloths at Cape Surf check out facebook.com/capesurf
Went to my nephews football game this afternoon...he scored two touchdowns, then got hurt...now waiting for waiting for what the Doc says.
In Vegas getting readt for next months pool pary. I will keep you well informed.
i LOVE cheyenne!!! loved her since 06, i really wanna meet her!
One more week till my 18th birthday I'm almost
A Portland man finally tracked down a rare bike stolen from his store 2 yrs ago. But the thief is still on the loose!The story 6p
i think i resolved one of my pieces yesterday. we'll see how it looks!
can I reply twice? already did.
Presents arrived yesterday. Love the swag! Thanks Fox (and thank you too Didier Drogba)!
well just remember, Corbin weighed around 150 his first competition. Some guys are bigger than others,
Send a bit to Fort Worth and Granbury, please! Yards are already screaming for moisture.
Happy Moms Day more exceptional Moms
Siting...woman on morning jog dressed up as a bumble bee..full on bumblebee. Hoping Halloween costume. had quite the spring in her step, too
Mordecais on Main in Springfield KY tonight 939-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
I am annoyed from head to toe.
Finally watched breaking bad tonight, SEMI-SPOILER ALERT....that murder was some repugnant shit
Dude this bogus to say. But I hope his money dnt come thru. So I can buy the truck. Man I'm ready. Please lord please Ineed my own ride lol
I noticed a higher level of crankiness among people last week. Think it was lack of sun.
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Chicago! We return favors!! :)
LOL... a "tank"... hard to take that as a compliment. Mom must be a tanker then.
is at the IT Policy Cmte mtg this morning. It's a full house... at 8am on Good Friday!
Scraping up some change, but along came a dime.
i'll check out your site soon. thanks for contacting us.
I think $$ isn't the strongest sign of a qualified candidate but am interested here what missteps you've seen.
If you knew that in some states a contractor could foreclose on your home if you failed to pay him, you would be more careful hiring, right?
Props to Miffliners for including the Pinata in your celebration. I'm sure the Mexican-Americans in Madison appreciate it.
Thanks for the 4 am wake up call asshole. Is that the best you got? Hail to
you need to add me on facebook so I can answer the questions! (:
School in 6days :p
Im not tweefing Im educating ur ignorant ass. I can tell u came straight from fb. Im a teenager btw but whatever Im done.
I will send more then one. I have to keep it somewhat clean on my FB page b/c I have commercial clients on there also.
LOVE finding money in my pocket
Heading to Newbury to visit a customer
": sittin at my piano trying to make something pretty... i can't believe this is work. #fb"
RT RT If u're old enuf to remember using ur finger or a pencil to rewind a loose cassette tape
Uptown Browns Baseball squad steps up today with big 14-4 win over the Cubs. Great team effort.
Vote for me in mid day for president!!!
The chilli cheese fries I had earlier from the philly cheese steak place were da bom !!!
RT : RT "The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance." ~...
Appearance orientation and gender role orientation combined predicted greater variance in general self-efficacy
very well, thanks! Behind on Xmas, but nothing new there :)
Biden knows he's on TV, right?
R u checking your DMs? We won't announce the winner to our #GreysBenefit Sweeps until eligibility is confirmed. Thank you all for your RTs!
Happy Birthday Mister - hope you have a fabulous day!!
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved
After more than half a century, Jerry Lewis has ended his run as national chairman of the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Just like a shoe, if someone is meant for you, they will just fit perfectly: no forcing, no struggling, and no pain.”
That's a really cute picture of you!!!!
Jon gruden is awesome and completely spot on about Russell wilson
Angry Mother Warning for Johnson Co, KS, has been canceled. Mom has been safely returned to KC, MO. Sorry for invading that HS soccer match.
just kidding.
Follow me
wonders why bras and batteries come in the same sizes.
Yes! I would love to hear it! Cant wait to hear their new stuff! & Im so glad Wanted You More is their next single!
Phil Hughes punches out the first batter as the Bleachers go quiet when Jayson Nix is chanted. No Jeter at short. Curveball!
I am the mac cheese of all xheeses and you can't stop me
Sportin my Letang Jersey in honor of #hockeyweekendinamerica #pens :)
I covered the daytime rally & march in SF. Peaceful & colorful. Tweeted lots of pix. 1st time since Dec. Good to be back.
Stef, marriage is between 1 man and 1 woman. Its what I believe.
around 8 I think!
If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares but right now my time is theirs...
Thanks so much for the #FF and the kind words :)
Rob you're even cooler than Steff says.
Hey #Canada! What are you looking forward to the most this #LongWeekend?! #Cottage #Fishing #Fireworks #Camping #SleepingIn ??
it's a relative of Scotch and Manchester egg. Had it at a private house, more deets as they come available.
Have a marvelous day girls:) xo
I think shy girls are more easy to get along with than loud girls. lol
Who needs more food for the Superbowl? We do carry-out at ! 414-431-1119
#lebron is facing the #cleveland music & it is a symphony
Hide! Can you imagine! All eyes were on us! I pray I never do that to my kids! Now I can only laugh it off!God Bless my parents!
Thanks, Nicole! RT : awesome group! RT : Looking for inspiration? is the place to get it this...
just what the world needs now is another digest
And my birthday is next week Wednesday! Kinda excited. That's it. I'm done with sharing my random thoughts lol.
and frankly, it shouldn't be black women's responsibility to "explain"
TGIF...the best four letter word I've used all week.
We have zero openings today & Wednesday has now been filled. Times still available for Thursday. Good chance of rain by end of week,
Looking at Chanel Ombres Tissees and Armani Jacquard...would be awesome if a company did a houndstooth pattern.
I'll b taking my son in July.. yeah I knw, it's gonna b hotter than hades then. I use to live in Jacksonville so I knw
miss keri baby!!!
Wonder what wrong with economy? Went to store to buy HP printer made in China, pick up paper made in Canada and printer ink made in Korea.
Don't know about you guys, but I'm hitting the pool! It's a HOT one!
You are most welcome! I hope you find it useful.
Last night I had a dream that j seen a giraffe and then Hailie came over my house and we were best friends.
i will too. Its a plan. (:
I was referring to the "Is there anything worse to watch than blowout NBA basketball?" tweet.
M Bacon!!! RT : I just discovered the 32oz bottle, and I'm making industrial-strength bacon. Watch out, world!
KEVIN HART IS A FOO THAT MY NIGGA LOL
Congratulations on your new business Mandy!
You were in good company - 32% was related to Madonna
In the words of old ladies everywhere, but esp the NW: "bish plz".
Thanks for following me and !
i going to have on all red tomor
Thanks for the review!! :)
This legal system culd suck a nut & say hi 2 the other 1
Catch The Weed Show, next Tuesday, 6-15 at 8:30 pm, Mackenzie theater, 2907 No Main Street
Sears is a hot place to work if you're a developer who is into UX/UI. We've got some groundbreaking projects in the works!
NBC: Worst announcers of all time for sports Oh no it's Collinsworth...
RT : Spoiler alert, ladies. We LOVE it when you give us the silent treatment.
Ind to Dulles to Amsterdam. Hope the dryer dries and the washer washes and the boys take Max out while I am on the road.
Neither am I. But ACADEMY AWARD WINNING...Now that has a nice ring to it!
YOU A LIE
haha you're the best. Make sure it's a whiskey one
Hopefully My LA Team Don't Play like this TomorrowIm Talking Bout LaClippers
Court considers legal action against man, it says, skipped out on jury duty. He's been dead for 5 years. Story on 7News.
how can u not watch law and order SVU
I work with Steve, and he's one of the best. Thanks for doing that, Ed
what you mean the back
Sending you a thank you note: Thank you for being. there. Whoever you may be, it meant a lot!
I luv u
Running from the police picture that nigga I'm 2 fat I'm f**k around have a asthma attack<<<biggie
RT : If you don't follow , there is a 98.7% chance you don't really love us.
Isweat money nd de bank is ma shower!
That is so awesome!!!! Congratulations!!! :-) Party!
Happy Thanksgiving! Don't let paper stress ruin your turkey coma
“: My neighborhood has: Ice cream trucks, Santa riding on fire truck @ Christmas; and fireworks viewable from my backyard!”
I want the sun to come out so i can tann .
wish I could! ! You guys should swing by & pick some up!
Fellow #KW peeps, PLZ RT! Need #Chase to call me back re #shortsale. About to lose a deal bc the A.M. won't communicate. HELP!
#ThingsThatINeed BRIAN BOYLE <U+2665>
Haha, I turned my auto correct off. lol.
hi Nicole! Do you still remember our daughter Yvette, from Roberts Elementary days?! Lovely to see you, all grown up :)
Reached long-term deal with partnered merchants this week. In terms continuing with social media campaign through 2012.
Pepsi cola is made out of people!
Thanks Sis Come Party With Me This Weekend!!
I got your pictures for you with my sneaky skill
Ha, thanks. Don't expect you to read all 9,000 words haha.
you should double check with your local :)
That's mind boggling! Very cool. Pls tell Janice Huff she looks very chic this morning! Love the red top & fun belt!
Ppl fucking kill me. This is why ppl don't make plans cuz no one nos how to stick to it.
#IfSheCant take no dick - ima get bored with the pussy
my point exactly! Do it big.
Weather apps are awful now w/ pics. Rain chances are pretty small everyday but the pic makes it look like it will rain all day
Hardin could start on this team & safety as big of a concern as tackle. & he's a special teamer
sorry for late reply and because i think i just lost one of my friends
Reporting for duty!!!!!
She's Super Talented!!!
How could I ever doubt? Welcome to the fam! Everyone say hi to MT Of course it's USF of Fort Wayne! :)
Well. Get a good night's rest : )
Ruth Riley is good. Kind of reminds me of in a tank top.
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
What are you doing for the big Bulls vs. Heat game tonight??
Happy, Happy Birthday to you!!!
My knee still hurts. Really...
sorry i actually think its www.testourkids.com
well, you only get 140 characters..
blasphemy! They really should have listed you!!
Can I complain for a second? Health insurance sucks. Especially since I have to pay for it myself. Stupid deductible.
Big meeting tonight!
deal with it.
Pollan's breakfast: eggs, homemade bread, oatmeal. People who take supplements tend to have healthier lifestyles which makes the difference.
contest prize going to someone who projected davis with 30+ pts! wow Davis with 18pts already! Cats are MONSTAS tonight
Justin Bieber went straight sexy on them with boyfriend. Not gonna lie, that is one fresh track. He killed it.
Kobe could have got a better shot then that, he was in Los Angeles for that one.
- You feel me Jclop!!! No excuses!!! I'm scrapin, and still have time for the cut!!!
Your country? Not our country?
Sorry for the confusion. Disregard last tweet. Yes, the problem is still there (Oops, Monkeys are having problems...)
I appreciate the follow! How long has Lawrence Blake Group been around?
It's hard to be nostalgic when you can't remember anything.
chloroform is not medication wtf
Suck it.
Sounded like the National Guard showed up to Bay View about 4 hours late for the reenactment
thanks - hope you had a great weekend
Reading = introvertini. Straight up.
New York Times Manga Best Seller List, March 25-31
1 of the kids faked my signature on a test she took & did poorly on. We grounded her off the TV for a week. The wailing & gnashing of teeth.
Whats been everyones favorite mixtape of the year thus far?
think we're just scratching surface of defensive work on catchers. F/X gateway into sequencing, tendencies & more.
Sitting by two guys on the plane who are having a very serious conversation about Warhammer. I've been outnerded!
S/O and happy Alphaversary to ! 13 years of letting the light of Alpha shine through and around you. 06!
Wow haven't watched #sabres in a while...they suck
Suck my dick c.d.c
hey I never claimed to be the queen of pop culture...
You're welcome! I love your BlackHotSpots postings, they're really cool.
“: #WeWontWork if you think its okay to talk about another female in front of me . !”
"It maybe that those who do most, dream most." —Stephen Butler Leacock
that's wasup, I just paid Flocka 30k to do a show up here. I'm like I need to get my artist on fa real
at least it's not Smallwood lol
MAP and Sunny, though I guess MAP is for probes
feels not so long ago that we were tweeting with reckless emotion....here's to another season of the same.
"Crawford says they called Josh LeRibeus "XBOX-360" bc he used to weigh 360 pounds. "XBOX lost some weight," he said."
Happy Mothers Day I love you, Mom! See ya at the cookout :)
watching whitney houston videos. R.I.P truly an angel. <3
That would be awesome.
Shid I Ordered Chronicle Without Tellin My Mama Lbs Imma Just Blame My Cousin
I hate waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall asleep again. WHY?!
THE DICTATOR>>>>>
Rest In Peace Hannah. I miss you so much. I'm so empty.
I was attacked by a squirrel on my way to class.
There are no do-overs in life, only do-betters!
So good.
We live in a world where we're punished for being different.
Girly will be working it out hard core tomorrow. Has Hibachi tonight and I leave for Miami in 8days
Send me tha link for tha song u promoting
it's more offence they only have 17points midway in the 3rd
I had to work but it was cool, now I am off.
RT : My dinner this evening will include sülze, pâté, bâtard and some other foods with random pretentious diacritics.
When your music can be clearly understood from yoir headphones about ten feet away, it is timed to get your ears checked.
Well, you can respond to folks directly, just tweet to the universe, retweet stuff...lots of things. It is all just blab. Ha.
Cat’s life saved by local vets, Humane Society
mane watchooo want?
aha, thanks!
I wish! I was just there a couple weeks ago though. When is the next Lambda Alum trip?!
My new favorite podcast: 's How Did This Get Made? Quality discussion about less than quality #movies. Hilarious.
NHL 11 is by far the best, but the wii slapshot is the most fun hockey game ever!
In addition to my last tweet...or the one with the Most Experience
Accommodation Exercises using Math Add Code Words...
When's the next event? Disappointed I was unable to make it to the last Sunday brunch...
not sob son
I'm setting up tent first week of summer and not leaving.
Working, but can't complain. What kind of job? Message me if I can help.
I will be there! WIll spread the word through the AUC networks & Emory. Very excited! Where can I find the info on location?
I could really go for a good #trashcloset today.
San diegans need beta too... Rabble rabble rabble #obscure south park reference
You should try and predict the future. "Check out the freak thunder storms!" or "Yay Team X won by one million points!"
Fuck yeah, #Kings win!!!!
Maybe Squanto for rap-its a perfect rhyme/percussive name!I know nothing of James C- But I loved Cagney and Lacey
So far, no poop but quite a bit of sass.
uence how we see it?
I kinda' have to agree.
when you feel like killin yourself .. Yahh
We need a walk off homer!
Plan aims to actualize full potential of the center, ramping up programming as well as community/university involvement
OF COURSE THE ARTIST DUDE WINS. Oh well, he is charming. Like, really really charming.
you're welcome<3 can you follow me back? :*
like where?
I am so in!
If you haven't watched #101things yet, you're really missing out(;
is nowhere to be found. I think I found Nate Dogg instead.
#WhitePeopleYouTubeSearches How To Act Like A Dumbass
Get ready to #ThunderUp tonight! vs Dallas watch party at 8:30!!
my btw i made a twitter for it too :P
girl totally just caught me looking at her ass as she walked by me
My little brother is picking his head up at 2months is right or what
Doing a lot of "friend" deleting on FB and unfollowing on Twitter today, as people have REALLY shown their ignorance this week.
has a random headahce right now, with no idea where it came from.. #needstogoawaynow!
Hmm, my newsletter was in my spam folder.
what no mention of the Ramones?
I sure will follow ur second account and Chabuscus loves you too :P
Apologies, everyone! Our GM accidentally clicked on a spam link. If you receive a DM from us, it wasn't intentional. Thanks!
I had very good dentures once. Some magnificent gold work. It's the only form of jewelry a man can wear that women fully appreciate.
Christmas is one week away! What are you #reading this week? Some Jan Brett? Perhaps a bit of Chris Van Allsburg?
Morning people,,,
Video with tips about search engine optimization (SEO) and lead conversion
I’ll give #Scandal a watch if only because I really hope #KerryWashington brings some of her #SavetheLastDance sass.
that's why I stick to Assclowning as well
Twitter is great for conversation but Facebook drives 3x more traffic to site -
Just read this quote & liked it... Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out. ~Art Linkletter
Please come to the expo...it's this weekend!
was surprised to learn that Bob Marley spent the summer of 1969 working at a Chrysler car factory in Wilmington, Delaware.
have fun in #305. Call me if u need me to bail you out this weekend
We playing a little N*Sync!
What if the wrorld was run by ninja monkeys? Oh what a world that would be.....
Cinnamon Roll Pancake
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
We're so glad that you liked it. Thanks!
You have to be careful who you trust
It was amazing. We have to go in and try it soon!
I feel ya on that
Dressed in white? I like black timbs and black hoodies!
Amen! “: If you harass doctors and patients, but you go to church, you're still a terrorist.”
thx for shout out.
THE WEATHER IS SO NICE!! SO EXCITED FOR SOCCERR:)))
i'm loving self-employment!
ok thank u.
Haha! That sounds like a blast!
Congrats! For the longest running & best #bway, you should have millions of fans! Watch , they know how to tweet
I think it's common knowledge that Sasha's a "Paul's Boutique" guy.
Dogs and the mounds of human health concerns
Brendan Rodgers has pied Liverpool saying "I'd only be looking to move to a bigger club" That's brilliant!! Great shout
anyone using Google Apps at work? I'm ready to move a client over. Much easier than the old Microsoft Exchange system IMO...
The tip probably unscrews
Sunscreen is the word of the day. Re-apply and protect your skin. Our retreats are a nice cool escape from the crowds this holiday weekend
Ur a bitch...
Trying to hook up my Getty Fellows at comic com. Who is there already?
Our Battle site was down 6 hrs Tues. Our 5/31 discount is extended tonight (Wed) to midnight. www.battleofatlanta.info June 17-18
Is it me or does LeBron want nothing to do with the ball in the 4Q.
Watching Bambi's lots of family are getting ready to get here in a little bit
It was really fun!
I love 's avatar image!
aww... Thank you!
Shoutout to my TS <U+2665> Hope you're having a great day!
Bear one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ. - Galatians 6:2
#becauseoffacebook i've made some amazing friends!(:
Great opening at 721 Congress! If you have time in the next 2 months you have got to see the installation here! Day or night, night is best!
#AwesomeService thanks bud. Glad u came in!!
Meh, this week sucks.
Derrick Rose is a Killer on the Court!!!
Im really mad
It's so good. I make you think my bed is my work place. ( ;
oh gosh...who?!
RT : It's #digitalArchivesDay! Go find a Digital Archive and tell it that you love it. Give it a hug if you like.
RT : #PrintChat did you see that got international coverage for their vehicle wrap with QR codes?
il signorelli! I do like the sound of that. If one's not careful, they'll have il signorelli to deal with. Just trying it out.
Loving that the ad I'm looking at right now has 2 Seahawks & a on it!
Someone just sent over a review about me. Thought you may be interested in checking it out. Chad Timothy review...
Hates it when men act like kids!!!
Made the right choice. The seemingly golden logs of goodness were NOT fish sticks, but indeed, they were mozzerellla sticks.
I thought we were all meeting here. Where are ya'll?
Finally the weekend! Looking forward to the big game on Saturday!!!
And I had Capri pants. RT “: elvischatter hahaha it's okay. We've all been there..”
hey sexy
#TeamSpurs We drew a team (clippers) with no half-court offense in the second round?
Call the office today to make an appointment for your FREE consultation.
I LOVE YOU JUSTIN!!!!!!
appreciate it, man. Not always easy.
tv? movies? genre? Misfits on Hulu if you want action paired with an awesome storyline and awesome characters.
What should I wear to #LEDball ? "inspired attire"...
She's just so huge that people would also give her an award for philanthropy, best new novel, best director, etc
Want to make the Librarian List relevant for all (or at least to some), not just a flat list.
Heading to OKC
I met this girl on Valentines Day fucked ha in May she found out about April so she chose to March...
that's unreal.
With 6/19 Bingo card get: 10% off select items at Kahului Florist on Bingo days. $3 off your watch battery replacement at Imperial Jewelers.
Oct. is coming. Take advantage of our extended summer. 25% off golf lessons now until Oct. 1st '11 notify me @
takes me 10 minutes to get past your nose, you walked in front of my TV and I missed the first half of the heat game
of course i didn't sleep last night- there was a buffalo in my home running from window to window to get the best view of th night creatures
Not Like This is cold and wants some soup.
Boehner's tan: turned down to "menacing" for the special occasion.
You do you && Imma do me c:
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
Yo June 1st bro I'll be there lol just a public reminder !!
Can't beat this winter weather...
max is the man
“: RT Thanks for FUCKING NOTHING ! The new songs sounded fucking shit! Total waste of my time” MAL!!!” ur welcome!
The storm cloud creeping over Chicago is a looking intense. Thunderstorm Please! #HelloSpring, how have you been? :)
Thank you for choosing to follow me!
When 'I don't know, Google it' is my answer for everything > hahah
you should check #Kindlegraph and sign also kindle copies :)
Great smackoff,Loved it!Brad in Corona is for real.FYI this is Johnny the exterminator in Vegas.Im a night club dj too.lol.war JRIB
Does anyone in the vicinity of this Tweet participate in Follow Friday?
R U coming 2 the 'R U The Voice?' tour? Second stop is 2MORROW NIGHT, March 30th at 6:00pm at Love Land Church in Ontario, CA. Join us! RT
Going shopping for dresses this weekend.. Graduation is getting closer (:
CAN'T YOU BELIEVE THIS SECRET TRAMPOLINE WE FOUND!?
Jamie from Indiana, thanks for the comment about local authors! Way to contribute. Love the sharing out here.
Yeah. Don't need to buy another camera.
Welcome To Deus Beni Productions, Where Image Is Everything N Perception Defines Reality. Music Videos, Short Films (Editing), Photo's
the Thunder obliterates the Lakers and no mention or "thank you"?
Thanks for the kudos & the RT!
#Scandal ! Right?
I LOVE YOU
Should I make a form spring
#editing and #revision phase. not my favorite.
you are a fucking moron....
I from Chicago....Where you from?)
I just sent u the pics!!(: <U+2764>
Hello Fellow PRSSA'ers, checking in on behalf of from Miami, FL
Let the editing begin! But we won't stay away from the public eye! We've gone fun in store still until we get picked up. Keep following!
so i wasn't an early adopter this time around - just now saw the new #FacebookTimeline. Not sure I'm a fan...
That moment when your mom tells you to bring her a belt to whoop the hell out of your sibling, those were my
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
Sometimes just because you are hot,doesnt mean you can get away with saying stupid things(i.e Palin,Hilton,Barbara Walters). I need glasses.
Love #Disney SO much (maybe too much?) and so far loving Disney's #managecash session at
That awkward moment when Deena thinks she's a blast in a glass...
#20FactsAboutMe if you were even significant in my life and you making your way out of it, I don't respect you
feel like that last RT is attempting to shame prostitutes just a bit. maybe it's unfair that Tiger has that $ but those women worked for it
Get in line? Long list. RT : Garber, on MN: "It goes on the list" of possible expansion now that new NFL stadium approved
So ur hoping to be back on Sat 8?
thanks do much!
Sad I found out the true identity of But when you think about it, it is obvious that it was Joe Biden.
where do I get that style?
I'm like a kid going to bed on xmas eve ... goodnight new website, will enjoy playing with you tomorrow
oop! I see you're in TN - and a OH sports fan! I'm doing courses in NC in April too! Take care!
Welcome back home Troops!!! Mahalo President Obama for bringing them home!
Lisa Sun: Are bankers jerks? They're certainly impatient & take a lot of pride in their work, but that could be a good thing.
Chillin with my buddy
i miss you to :(
If you didn't know, now you know. is not about that life.
1st thing I read this morning, twitter feed. 2nd thing, a feature length script, as a lead character. I like today, already.
hey Ari, pls, follow too ? She's so amazing and her tweets is so nice;) thx! Luv u! Notice my tweet and me<3
I got mud up my nose down my shirt and in my pants lmao
That's crazy talk. Who would bet on a hat?
Frost versions of Gatorade are the best
Favre to the Bears would only make the road to 16-0 that much sweeter
Hello human! :D
Version 5 of the Riff Raff...done. Film Crew aassssssseemmmmbllllleeeee!
hope you had a lovely Friday off!!
For ur convenience, and for all you early birds, starting this Monday, CDM will be open at 6am M-F.
I literally dreamed of all night last night. woww
Lunch with today! I'm thinking Thai...
Not sure what you mean that we have nothing to eat. With 18 restaurants we have a popular mix of options.
I can't understand a word this pastor is saying lol you know how them country ol head be talkin fast as jaxx ...
I wish it was the weekend, cause i really need to be drunk right now.
Check out #KentuckyDerby winner on Twitter -- only tip of the iceberg on potential for sports content
lazy bum lol
Joel Bishop: What drives engagement? We don't want to let down our teams.
showing the famous #Michigan - #Northwestern game from 2000 ... 12 years later, and I'm still shocked that A-Train fumbled.
and... ? (Please tell me you said yes...)
Thanks #slowpigmadison for the amazing hog! Can't wait for the event on October 30th!
He should have slipped away quietly and alone in the victory celebration. Because that's how Bruce Banner rolls always.
Working the circulation desk solo for 1st time. All course reserves so far. Ah, finals week.
Thank you for the weekly #FF - always much appreciated and brings a big smile to my face :)
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” - Martin Luther King Jr.
Duck and cover! Our Top academic achievers are off for an afternoon of laser tag and good, healthy fun!
Saw like 6 kids printing out there shit for Government lol
Great to hear! RT Saw your booth at EarthFest great concept will definitely use!
Oh, I bet! You'll have a little Leo on your hands when she comes. She'll know who's boss tho! RT I wish I were due tomorrow!
#Chiefs and Americans headed to OT tied 2-2 in Game 1 of their #WHL playoff series. Surprised?
Puhahahaha. Oh really?
#NewFeds if you're interested in federal government, take a Fed Docs course. Valuable as a speciality in public libs too.
"catch you on the flip side." -Rocco
Grant writing begs for creative synonyms. Used "abilify" for empowered and then remembered: not a real world. Actually an antidepressant.
aren't u working? I should leave u alone lol
Thanks Jen!
#cabocantina “: “: I have some great memories out there in LA
endorphins are your friend, slowly becoming a runner
. Would have to be heart of Grinch: only had room for one 10 sizes too small.
lost my password & changed jobs so can't get to that email.Has my twitter profile tied to it when tried to create a new acct
also saw a teeny Saw-whet owl at MIA back in March 2009. Turned out to be a bit of a bad omen. :-\
lol yea you started yelling on the phone , but nimco is next :)
I had a blast.
Good bye new york.... What a weekend is all i can say
EVERYONE FOLLOW PLEASE! (:-MAJD
So far, I think May may be our most active month on the blog, but least active on Twitter... Hmm... Could these two things be related?
i already know ... im slacking
oh my.... Maybe hess... Busy
#raw10 I saw an elderly guy w/ a walker, he felled n the inter. like others, i tried 2 help, but he was drunk n pissed hisself. Nurse!?!
oh on Saturday! Haha I thought you were talking about Friday and ya prolly somee
It's easy to find someone that fucks you like no other, but it's hard to find someone that will love you like no other! #truth<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> #BeSmart<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Sometimes you just go to stop talking and do things. Simple as that.
Feel bad for people wasting time watching baseball. Love heat v thunder intensity
Happy Easter! Praise the Lord, Jesus is risen!
Delicious Tea. Yumm
Won tickets to see on Leno thinking it taped in NYC! Grrrr. Who wants to fly me to Burbank to see this woman?!
Excuse me ur a hell of a guy.. You know I really got a thing for american guys...
happy half birthday
Oh crap, dat beach boys through dat years, ewwwww dat dude on dat piano neck got a huge lump in it
I've been sitting here for about 2 hours and I havent started on my project.
Watching the monster ball with my mom :) I'm turning her into a monster.
Having a red lipstick day! Have a fabulous day everyone!!
I think that its really cool!!! If you need help with lyrics hit me up. I'm good at that stuff.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
Further success for MT's Expert Witness team at Planning Committee, helping the client obtain planning permission despite highways concerns
yes I did whatever call me back
Hey Emma, Welcome to Twitter! Congrats on the website -- I love the picture on it. Oh and I love you!
just got this msg. thx girlie but i do need some relax time lol
IF IT COMES DOWN ME OR YOU...ITS MOST DEFINITELY GONNA BE ME...
hope you got some sleep last night!
how bout i go to work on u hard
I leave for LA one month from today. Scariest/best thing I'm going to do for myself.
“Why, yes, Ouiser. I am high.”
Arguably the longest day of my life lol goodnight.
Can't express how disappointed i m in the Yankees.
Seeing the shy girl from class hammered dancing on the bar...
Hey, all you people talking about Dane Cook. He makes a lot of money for a lot of people. That's why he gets a show- funny or no funny.
Thanks! for a gr8 #4SQDAY Party! Next year will be even better!
totally lol have u seen them in concert!?
Canon makes good cameras. Good choice.
I'm so pumped for this brewer game.
GOOD MORNING!!!
I have the #sexswing great swing...
The stars are aligned!!! RT : Baseball is back and it's son1's birthday today. BINGO!
The mobile eval by Intuition is a great idea for all sessions.
I want a guy whos D.T.F … Dedicated. Trustworthy. Faithful.
Go Heat!
What a nice day for Blue Bar! We have cocktails & bites for $5 from 5-7. Fancy a Spicy Bulleit? Bluecoat Cocktail? We've got you covered.
I didn't know kids did & dealt drugs in college til these TCU allegations. Shit never happens, you guys. PS check any other school.
Dont like me? Cool. I didnt wake up today to impress you.
Get with a credit union. They are non profit and are not out to suck out your life force. Ive been with mine since 02 here in NM
Its funny what some people tweet, they don't give two shits.
Let's go, Sweden.
Was just Introduced to the Wobble. Where did this come from? When did this happen?
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
Oh u wanna man n u wont just let me fuck hold that thought as i become famous bet that'll change ur mind
Oh it is ON. And um... it's been awhile. MT : Wait, before 2day when's the last time you won catchphrase?
people should be able to learn about engineering and practical science alongside textual history and literature?
Oh yeah, happy 4/20 ;D
Concert @ Slosberg Hall tomorrow night! "NEW FRIENDS/NEW SOUNDS" Pre-Concert Reception at 7PM, Concert at 8pm. www.dinosaurannex.org.
Thanks for the follow! Watching yours!
Have you spoken to someone in Financial Aid about covering your senior year. Let me know. Want to help.
Watching Freese of the #Cardinals hit a 2-run shot. I feel like I'm watching the NLCS all over again :{
Big shoutout to triple A!!
Good! :) I hope you know you just might have made my day today!
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
What did Evan Turner say that isn't true? He didn't say they will beat the #Bulls he said the #Sixers match up with them better than
Hatred paralyzes life; love relieves it. Hate confuses life; love synchronizes it. Hate darkens life; love illuminates it.
No but i did spend a stack on supreme shit in a day RT : you ever pay $ 900 for a pair of lanvin's in high school ?
Who wants to do my dishes? You! Okay u!
Twisting at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma. on Tuesday night from 6-8 pm. Kids always eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
Again, it's double opt-in (to the portal, then to the partner) for this information to be viewable to a partner
Thanks for the social software RT!
Our 1,000th follower will get a free recording session for themselves or to give to a band/artist... so tell your friends and repost :-)
Want to see more birds than you’ve ever seen before? Tie a waffle to a helium balloon.
My pony Zippy would want to come- Im training him to b a seeing eye pony for me. He fits DOJ size to enter buildings under regs
can't wait untill bball season starts I know u will do great and good to have you back in ky
is trying via on Twitter to win this this all-in-one PC by way of #winanion on www.nvidia.com/ion
When I facilitate my "Ministry & Technology" seminar, I always reference --> as great example!
That's the suck. Did they get anything of value?
Switching between City-QPR and United-Sunderland. This is epic.
I love when people don't use a real photo on twitter. Who you hiding from or what are you hiding
NYisFAB!! Having a blast with !Saw across the street,both on our way to NEXT.Updates to follow!Be on the look out!
Heat goal...Ads now down 2-0 early in the 2nd.
It seem like its always be this one fresh ass barber in the barber shop
I am looking for a #journalist, #socialmedia, and #video expert who lives in Port-Au-prince, #Haiti. Can you help? RT or message
I'm getting reunion notices from Lakewood high school. I'm half tempted to go. My name will be Rhonda.
is already blasting rack city
That's awesome. :P Haha
yeah but preview students mean the food is gonna be good tidy and tomorrow!
because your such a handsome guy :-)
I like things that are paleo- green based smoothies or ways to make bread using alternative grains like almond flour. Love vitamix!
To my A/V Preservationist friends: Are you preserving in Uncompressed AVI or JPEG 2000 Motion (or H.264/AVC, other)?
I have some you could borrow. :) RT : I feel like I should be wearing leg warmers right now.
why you so bored.
Scripps columnist argues everyone should pay some tax - not that Grover Norquist would be happy.
Moodle is grit platform to org & support surge in 1:1 & flipped learning. Adds elements, inc. social & supports multimedia
So they responded by tackling/tripping him, and were only called once for it.
I think we should do the play just so Aylena and Ken can kiss...
Happy Thanksgiving from the Los Angeles Public Library, Memorial Branch. We are closed Friday ~ open for you on Saturday 10:00 am!
more like "Herbie came out, and 3 hours later, everyone was happy!" Herbie gave quite the marathon performance!
u already no fam im 1 phone call away
I love when people make up bs that I supposedly told them in a sales call.
are you into Skrillex? and I are old and lame and just discovered him. Thoughts?
I really think Alisha White is going to win ANTM, I should be routing for the America's & not the Brit's but ALISHA got this one! :)
are they definitively not? I think the digital is new and expenditure will grow over time as conservatism wears down. [+}
Still watching... Wait! I have netflix RT : Any Lakers fan still watching this is the definition of a true fan. Or a masochist
Yaaay!! Castle was renewed!
RT : RT : Guest speaker visits #com363 today for a special lesson on social media!
#thevoice way to go for putting your mentor in the forefront. True professional.
The people mover!! We've heard that even Jesus uses that thing.
EducationLoansUSA.com - nice resources for education loans, school grants, financial aid, scholarships.
Favorite action films with a female lead? male lead?
are you at #CTIAW12 this week? We are going to be there with #cellhelmet. Would love to meet up for a minute if you have time.
thx for follow kristie, returning the favor, peace {^_^}
Anyone who hasnt seen "No country for old men" its on AMC in 5 min. Great Movie!
Living your dream is optional.
"poor is poor"/commonality of interests across races is ideal...
I think Billie must be a philosopher. A deep thinker. A cat's intellectual, haha :)
Just because I don't use profanity every other word, doesn't mean my point is invalid.
Down to go to the gym today anybody want to come and be my gym buddy?
whatcha going to Chicago for?
Don't follow trends follow what's REAL!
This storm makes the perfect night , <3
blah go to the kitchen and cook me something Nina!!!! :)
Already in the Miller Park lot. Brats and steaks. High Life and seeds. Love.
The option doesn't look so dumb now does it?
been following him lol
RT Glass Doctor has recently won the Best of Southwest #Florida for the best glass repair and replacement.
Show me a good time.
I will try to have completed copy tonight
Nice a cool with my AC on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ever fall UP the stairs? It's almost as bad as falling down! Let us install handrails so it never happens again.
oh! you put DatA$$ in a bakini
I'm on the floor, floor.
When is Brian Cashman going to make some moves?
Was going to go out today but fuck it, another day of video games, food and music is just as good
just do it.
Sorry for the bad quality of our video tweets. I'll repost some.
Who fancies a complimentary seven night stay at Casa Morada? Like us on Facebook and that could be you!
Basil sprouted! Picked up Brandywine & Green Zebra tomatoes & a host of herbs (incl Vietnamese coriander) from Let's get dirty.
So good. Thanks, Mr. Beckett!
Never mistake motion for action.
“: #FF ” thank u so much for spreading the word!
I hate when starts crying because I dont hit him up for a weekend or so. I know you dont have other friends but cmon
ya, closing 16 units this month, 27 on the books for June. Market is ok, my marketing = hot.. How R u doin?
What If Im The Real ? LOL
I'd love to hear your summary of Steve's talk!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon Pizza: Guys just eat it, while ladies beat themselves up and consume massive quantities of guilt while eating it.
kidding, kids. :) Happy to help. Good luck with finals!
They don't. But if they are going to be published by news sites or other journalistic media sources, they need to have ethics
Wher do the uhts chill on mondays
Did you run in LA Marathon and if so what was your time and where did you finish?
I just wanna go to sleep!
stop by METRO and try our kick a$$ chili!
No you can't.
Looking for a little relaxation or maybe some extra motivation...Try our Kratom!!!
i think imma have to take a road trip to little rock ark to see you again.. Thank god i have family out there lol
QoTD: "A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake." (Confucius)
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. Maya Angelou
On the to shoot Big Roddy's verse for the video with
keep the "aha" chain going & don't film anyone in the shower while you are there :) cc:
In just over an hour, this month's Hillcrest Town Council meeting begins. Join us at 630pm -- Joyce Beers Comm. Ctr.
it's 11:11 and im making a wish for you to follow me! Please!(:
Not to mention you probably don't own a hollow needle, clamps, right jewelry, or even know how to properly clean it.
Remember the #saa11 business mtg. Vote first, eat after.
Forgot how much work moving was! Haven't moved in 9 years!
awwwee u followers r the best <3 u guys no homo
There's nothing wrong with having a conversation.
got sick during basketball practice now i feel dizzy
My idol told me not to hate, he told me how to love. Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love.<U+2665>
Ok guys ChristieOhh! Will be making her "Certified Official" debut soon! Looking forward!
haha! Those small stats compared to the quantity of articles is absolutely great.
The mystery of the birdless birdfeeder is solved...............They are there alright, until, the smallest cat stalks them to flee!
oh, u gonna start a world war lmao
not much better results however , body language not great in 2nd half
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is.
How are you doin? Ive been running like crazy! Hope all is well for the holidays
No idea -- we'll have to ask!
Happy Birthday Nick!!! :-) can i get a Happy Birthday?! <3
Aww..I know! Thanks for the RT:-)
the suspense is killing me!
. several Securitas Vans roaming downtown.
Taylor Gang or be Lil Waynes dentist.
you're the best. So glad we met at #socialdevcamp. Enjoy your weekend!
it's not jay wavey stew no more lol
Happy mother's day to all moms!
Raven Symone came out as a lesbian.
My Mama Funny Man She Gone Tell The Lady In Walmart BITCH Move
Happy Mother's Day <3
Very excited to interview Will Allen of this morning! Find out what he and I actually have in common, coming up on Wake Up!
That would do right by fans. We'll see what happens. I wouldn't be shocked if they held one or two for midseason either.
I'm so burnt and I'm loving it. But I can't believe we have to leave this paradise tomorrow :( fuck indy
Among all the other things as well. (:
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
he had some weapons in Denver...how did that turn out.
needs to play
and now its raining...
Would love 2 Joe. BTW, will b sending the creative brief 2 u folks tomorrow 4 ted e bear hollow.
Regretting my two hour post Austin nap... Need to get sleepy!
#MyDreamFor2012 Thwart the "end of the world" thing, save 2013, get famous, act the fool, lose everything, become infamous.
RT - I think the Jacksonville Jaguars should create and join their own league called "Legends of the Hidden Temple"
#HowToGetRejected " you're like a brother/sister to me" -__-
Hey #NYC!! It's beautiful day in the city? How are you spending the day?
Still need a #SQL Server based #Data #Warehouse #Developer for a very exciting internet company in SF
#m&m sexy and i know it... best commercial so far...
#opengovwest participants: city planners, datahounds, public relations folks, community activists. Oregon, Washington, BC.
Good Morning!
you should listen to all our ideas and do them
-Damien, Sounding great on 'My' bro. Enjoying your show!
yeah, but they still put her in a fat suit.
Well? What say you about SYTCD performances?
wad up wit u.. :) wat u do today.
well see, the thing about that, nate jones, is that it is. adjust digital strategy accordingly.
All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants
how are things?
We're into the cat-belling portion of the introduce-standardized-ontologies discussion
What about that the weed tho
They look pretty darn good...
People that have no dreams do their best to ruin yours. Just keep on looking forward and you will fly on by them.
Watching Pretty In Pink and saw the Lady Gaga hair.Freaked out.<3
I find that I have nothing left to give to this day.
Tonight we are playing at the 5 Spot in support of 2 important causes. We hope you can make it out!
What type of angel investments do you make??
okay dont forget! <3 you too!
Summer we will miss you!
surprised you didn't catch Doc saying "No Semin so far"
YOU LITERALLY JUST READ MY MIND!
RT I call my mom Mother Broski!! : Happy Mother's Day!
Wow Nick's car was just stolen, and I was witnessed it! :0
our new background looks quite Laker-licious
no!! thats exactly what you need, two hyper people = ANNOYING
i can already tell this #WEEKEND is gonna be the best weekend ever!!!
Yep - on KeePass but there were like 180 logins to fix when I started
#lasttweet I was not laughing that time.
you know how much I love chipotle!
... REALLY?? the real people one?? im gonna make u watch it.
I LOVE this story!! Can't wait for more!!!:D
My teeth just shivered from imagining myself doing that. disgusting.
i gotta go now mahomies, it's too late! goodbye <U+2665>
amen! so would Blake Lively and, of course, the equally talented Blake Matthews (aka me)
This game is KILLING ME!!!!!
Playing outdoor is so much better than indoor and my outdoor team is so much better. No Scholes in the wind but def giggsy. 2-0 win.
I'm with the Aggs.
mau, you're spamming my timeline
Sean O'Hair... it appears early on that you never had a chance Tiger misses winning.
So am I. RT : Watching Blair Underwood on
#OccupyBaltimore check out looking forward to teaching how #ows connects to the average college student's life!
People want to be like Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world. People want to be like Steve Jobs to change the world.
you are in trouble because u are polite? That seems wrong :)
looks like a horse! I have a pet deer!
a relationship involves 2 not 4 you little whore:)
Which state will bravely pave the way by banning gay Sharia law? I'd advise you to look under your bed late at night if you don't fear it
That's right, nothing
You can’t just assume that everything will always be the same because things change, especially people.
Thanks for the follow, Lindsey!
Thanks for the follow!
will there be a glide enhancement on #prototype2?
Happy to do it! Hope the stars are treating you better. (And thanks for the #FF !)
Consider that one adorable robot necklace bought :)
Heyyyyo, welcome to the Tweet world :)
Getting two 5's today! Haha yeah right, who am I kidding.
do you need a profile pic or anything like that?
Vick is inhuman
There's a plan for me
winners being announced at the pre-conf kickoff event!
WAH I should be in NY right now...
Clouds on the increase tomorrow with a slight chance of showers before 3pm. High around 70.
I'm at a Rockets game! This is so fun, I hope they get a home run.
Spent the afternoon checking out the Tim Burton exhibit at LACMA.... it was really crowded but an excellent show
I did a little weaving, a little bombing, if you will, myself. and it was good.
“: Hillary's cooch has a playoff beard. Gross.”
Good morning world. Back to sleep<U+E13C>
forever young, i want to be <3
I have only gotten like 3 followers today.. :[
RT : Yams are packed with vitamins & minerals, they are also slowly digested so you stay feeling full longer.
integrating sound and video clips into twitter would be awesome.
one of our students will be on KGW channel 8 around 4pm today talking about her experience with Red Cross babysitting class and SEI, tune in
My boyfriend has ADHD. dont worry Adam Levine, ur girl is gettin her master's in counseling soon :)
& all our friends in the DFW area...stay safe.
So excited & expectant about this week! "I'm in Jesus' favor so I stand firm in Him. He alone is faithful to fulfill His promises for me!"
thanks for sharing some of your sunshine!
ESM client Michael Brockers has accepted an invitation to the 2012 NFL Draft in New York! Congratulations Mike!
Knocked out wherever. I don't care about anything anymore. It's exhausting when your always in da wrong
Apple fans argue that Android phones are less slick and uglier, and that they junk up the system with low-quality apps.
Go Cards!
Tonight starting at 6:30pm, we'll have live on the telephone. More music follows with at 8pm. ^LG
just did the dreaded "hit the 10 am snooze, then sleep till noon" my day is going to be funkay
: not many other situations you could say that!
and now, like so many ny loves, it is DEAD :(
#pepco needs 4 months timeline if you need power/elec work. Make realistic timelines for opening a restaurant in dc
This SBS migration is going terribly slow.
We're clearly just on the same wavelength with finding good links on the internet
Hit carpenter in the neck....already been a hit batsmen benches woulda been warned...
I've never laughed so much in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Orlando offically done 4 game sweep
Beavis and Butt-Head rocks.
Any progress with Flacco or Rice?
Editing music video, 'Who Do YOu Think You're Foolin' with Jae Feinberg!
I know I'm super late, but thanks! I actually had a great Saturday!
cupcake breakfast and now a run. ugh- poor planning.
he is always loyal....to the team in 1st place lol
ok ok. i feel better. its brutal down there. where ya stayin, like 11 and diamond.
While you guys watch the crossfits, I do the crossfits.
Good morning.
damn first time trying to get a good grade on a final to pass...
why are social networks so addictive
You mean, the concern that you can't read the book using other e-reader?
he just called me gay ...Say what you want to but shawty was bad, lol
So with the rainey addition the steelers now have a rapist, a woman beater, and an aggravated stalker on their roster.
chillin with isaac watching blues cluess(:
Rising temperatures are melting more Arctic sea ice every summer. And warmer conditions make it harder for ice to reform in the winter.
I had that deal last year
i miss you so can i have ur number can i can i have it
that's why we are friends!!!!
Just registered for Magic Live in Las Vegas - August 11–14, 2013! Woohoo!
was lucky not to be rich;he could've been at Cranbrook prep
A2: Advertise through schools and word of mouth
Never thought that I would like someone like you!!!!
Thanks for the tweet, Adam!
wholeheartedly agree. it's despicable.
wish i could fit "Nick the Funky Homosapien" as my name. four letters short =[
It's not a bad choice, and of the various American beers I have tried, it is one of the few I can stand...
Volleyball today around 6
email me!
These trees blocking the sun will not let me be great right now
I know! I feel like I need to watch Cougar Town now. For you and for Abed.
RT : I am freaking hungry what should i eat.some soul food
And then she giggles+she's so cute! Like a Cyndi Lauper/Tori Amos hybrid manicpixiedreamgirl before there was such a thing.
never found great BBQ back home but I'm sure it exists.
ARE YOU WATCHING AMERICAN IDOL !? :O
CHOKE A BITCH c;
so am I to assume #13 will be back then?
Celebrating Easter with my family as well as my church family. Enjoy the day.
who said that?
600 followers. <3 Thank you guys :D
now this is true lol
it is!!! Im,hot af dude
Hm....not a bad idea. I might skip the artichoke though. Spinach bacon dip in a bread bowl. Maybe no bread either.
Send me like 100 words about Guetta. You got my email right?
really? You would? :D
Congrats Ryan! You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
The fastest reaction is indistinguishable from the slowest prediction.
NIGGA I DO WHAT I WANT
#Coffeescript presentation now up at #DevIgnition. Wonder what type of #Node.js goodness will be discussed. Maybe even #Zappa?
great game!!! ROCK CHALK!
they're so good I'm considering taking my lap band for the day to get one...lol
Father in HEAVEN please help me. THANK YOU.
Awww thank you so much!! I think you're cute too :)
Great! I will try to attend. I will be doing the Spirit Rock retreat in July with you and others..looking forward!
This is a really pointless meeting for all mt
and if I can barely run a 7 minute mile that means I can get there in, well, probably 2024.
hey. Me.
Just in case you forgot
I don't remember exactly, but I think it's sometime in June. Good luck. Hope you guys get regular season games only!
at some point you just have to let people figure things out for themselves... and be patient while they do...
"Talent is nurtured in solitude; character is formed in the stormy billows of the world." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Our editor is probably loving that Ben Francisco home run. #gophils we guess?
The new #BlueRock #website is almost ready to launch! What would you like to see on it?
So annoyed my dad never answers my calls when I need him to and any other time he is stuck up my asshole lol
Barack needs to fire Feinberg today. C shareholders have actionable grounds against him and the government NOW
We like to have a broad interpretation of "jazz." Glad you liked it!
RT We are no longer just passive readers. We have become reporters in our minds -
I am so glad to hear that your ok...keep up the progress:)
Just read tht Donald O'Connor had to be hospitalized after filming #MakeEmLaugh. Completely understandable
when you figure out that is following you >>>>>>>>>>
Laying in bed bored watching videos from #VEVO :)
HAPPY VERLANDER DAY
Love causes pain and joy; even though people keep searching for love not knowing how much pain that love brings.
Hopscotch 2013, remember? ;)
why not the Flip HD? Sharing uploads is the easiest. I love my Flip.
she's the best .
Put a little lipstick on your next project! Spice it up with DiamondKote or SoftTouch Coatings. Stop in ask for samples!
Whatever loser.
lmfaoooo I love you guys
yes Dr.. why reduction..wanting bigger here now breasts as i change more femme
Express Yourself!™ Teen Radio is the #1 most listened to program on the Voice America Network around the world. Youth Voices can be heard.
CISPA passed the house 248 freedom "lovers" vs 168 freedom "haters". Thank heavens. I think my computer has four terrorists in it right now
WHAT IS LOVE. in math, its a problem, in history, its a battle, in science, its a reaction. but in my heart, its you. -Tyga
Pop growth in Las Vegas is largely a function of Hispanic population growth
Travel with Val: Summer Caribbean getaway deals heat up
Let's not even pretend KJ isn't already in contract negotiations with E! Disaster, right ahead.
I can't sleep and I have school tomorrow! Ugh!!! Help me!
you guys are a couple. You moved to be with him
Best way to spend a snowy, winter day in Pittsburgh? At #phipps during the orchid and bonsai show.
is stoked about the Dell laptop I just got from the TRIF grant. Now I can work from home even more often...good or bad?
I am so grateful for this new direction. Thank God for His guidance
": Easy to dream a dream though it's harder to live it - Ambition"
Twitter Deal: 24oz Pineapple Juice for $3.99. Tell us you saw it on twitter!
Great news! See you there!
I bet Luther Campbell and Stuart Scott are bitter "Raise the Roof" didn't become a jock jam. I had the cassingle.
The milk & cookies I had <U+E420>
Revisiting one of my fave female artists, Natasha Bedingfield. I liked her brother's songs too
I always flub up the rap in Craig David's song Eenie Meenie
Okay. You can be my boyfriend. : If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Hope you're not getting sick again. I'll hold you until you fall a sleep if you like.
Happy Easter!!
So my flight 399 to SFO is now going to SJC, with a bus to SFO. I wish we could all just pay $10 more & have this never happen.
I stopped by parents to make dad breakfast in bed & told him how awesome Father's Day is #Justtofuckwithmom. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY the BEST Mom!
Baseball-Sabathia helps Yankees snap three-game losing skid - Chicago Tribune
a lot better
#downtonpbs - Life is good.
DM me with your contact info so that we can talk in more detail about what you have in mind. Looking forward to hearing from you.
i didnt forget about you!
thanks! A clip is up now. See finding hope tv on fb for the link!
nah it won't even come off as that
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset "Bad excuses"
I'm following coupon mom & some others I seen, let's save some $$$$$ & clip coupons,lol!!!!
at teleprompter class the off to another rehearsal...busy, busy, busy
This Is Samuel From FB Whats Your Skype Pic You And Stephanie Scott Or Just You Cause If You Want I Wanna Skype With You!!!
"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?" (William Shakespeare)
Happy Birthday !!!! Live it up!!!
Happy Easter! They're beautiful!
RT : this weekend! I can't wait to meet the change agents!
So tired! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
miss your wonderful and inspiring tweets last couple of days! Be careful and safe in the burg! #Hugs!
has been HACKED by some loser who has nothing better to do with their life...so beware of her tweets
As we start to plan our cooking school, we want to know what you want! What cooking classes would you like to attend??
Welcome back! Night LC :)
Will u go out with me? a)Yes b)a c)b Please pick ur answer.
I sent you two articles today already. There were tons written before the 08 election. PUHLEEEZE!
Can we start describing wars of choice as entitlements for the political class?
The new episode is finished guys, but since i have to internet right now, ittl be some time before it goes online... sorry guys! also...
as I wait for this sun to set I think of thee whom I'll never forget I tiptoe through the darkest nights while I run the dawn will rise
my friends own the puffer fish that was in the fish tank in that house. They got it after the show was done filming.
Hello, superwoman.
Raptors sure are Griffin this game away right now.
of course, you were wearing orange, and looked fab, so it kind of gave you away. hahaaa! :))
We love to hear you've enjoyed the book. Thanks for sharing! ^staff
Well we love you guys so keep it cominnnn :]
Rihanna really got a tattoo that say "THUG LIFE" wow. Ri I love you alot but u aint no thug. Ok I guess.
You cry, I cry, ….you laugh, I laugh…you jump off a cliff i laugh even harder!!
nice to see you again tonight at Opart Thai. Thanks again for speaking w/ members.
#Loveitwhen I can buy dinner with the loose change in my wallet. Thanks Chelsea!
Happy Happy Birthday to one of the true loves of my life!!!
check out the profile pic last time we chilled at Ritz soundstage at my beat battle
Indeed, it would take some persuading to convince me that live tweeting falls under Rhetoric 101's technology use policy.
": Invite only boys showcase set for May 19, 2012 at Durango High School. Come see some of Nevada's top prospects compete"
thanks. We'll take a look at it.
get saucy while you do your chores... its what I do!
Tomato-Malt Vinegar, Ginger-Soy Mayo & Maytag Blue Cheese are just a few of the amazing sauces you can try when you eat with us.
Waiting on phish to take the stage.
John Hodges, your about to be my new best fraaand #librarylovin' <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
G is for Goofy E is for Edgy L is for Liberal S is for Slippery O is for Optimistic N is for Neat
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Playing at the Living Room in NYC Wednesday with a few friends. Come out if you're in town! 8pm
i didnt say i was bad!!
points to your everyday delight. What do you enjoy?
IT/Software Development Candidates looking for their next full time gig- HIT ME UP! Id love to help you out! 312-616-7974 or send your r…
Sans cape, apparently...
Congrats on a beautiful restaurant. Cheers on bringing more deliciousness to downtown!
Great idea. The word "documentary" is synonymous with "boring" for many. Terminology should be similar to books.
Ian, thanks for following me. Looks like you have a ton of followers but looking forward to connecting with you.
Reduced to memetic responses by Hall and Oats at
just finished the first chapter of Nicest Kids in Town about race and Am. bandstand! Excellent work Matt!
damn that sucks... channing tatum was bout to get road head
How about some creamy n cool Tiramisu Gelato and a $1.00 Doppio to kick in to gear after lunch? M....Delizioso!
I could talk smack on TDR food but still invite you up for a bite.
I was in a wide ranging meeting today at a manufacturing client. It was fun to talk about enterprise-level issues for a change.
A R I A N A T O R S TWET #ArianaDidAmazing <3
^tl Jackie has your treat for a Queen, enjoy the Oriole JoeChino...
I just saw an ad in my timeline... Is this really happening now?
As opposed to a large creature seen from a distance that may have been a horse or cow.
its not to hard wit a lil practice
Favorite liberal arts major buzzwords, go! Mine: palimpsest, simulacra, discourse. cc/
Pretty quiet in the Park right now but all is ready for tomorrow's Colfax Marathon!
Oh, wave-jumping envy. I am overdue for a SoCal visit. Friend coming 4 surgery lives there. Wish she could bring beach w/her.
Guy: Be right back. Girl: Okay. -3 hours later- Guy: I'm back. Girl: What took you so long? Guy: Someone asked me why I love you.
Mine too!
IT WAS FUCKING GOOD SEAT FOR JUST A REGULAR TICKET SKDJFKLASD IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW OMG
Love it! :) Thanks so much!
yo my man... Living life u know how that goes. How about you homie???
The most simple act of kindness is simply a smile. ~ A.D. Williams
Game time less then 10 minutes away can't wait
Thanks 4 the follow.
If your ever un sure about a color stick with black always classy ;*) xOx <3
We hope everyone has an amazing holiday and happy new year. 2012 here we come!
what do you think about kony 2012. do you want to stop kony
lmaaaao god send to me on tezttt
the one girl who has the awesome father
What's your favourite Mexican food?
Agreed! Although I can't take credit for the idea. Got it off of a friend's Pinterest!
happy vday beautiful
you're in denial. Also, how great is that flick? Thats right....I said flick.
it is just impossible.:)
Looking for #designers interested in #Seattle, AWESOME GIG must have #fps or 3rd person experience.
#whatmeanstheworldtoyou ? My family. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
sorry for your relative's loss. That's tragic.
On April 9th Season 8 of will remind us how Reality TV can actually kick ass.
It's official, you truly are a comedian...I'm dieing laughing at these tweets
I don't think any of my $ will ever be going to help the FB Instagram acquisition worthwhile. Instagram: I just don't get it. Gimmick.
Football is over... which means we are getting that much closer to Baseball Season Starting up again! RT if you're excited!
Brian Selznick was actually the creative genius behind Hugo. Five Academy Awards and he still has not been thanked...
So long Vern, thanks for another year of bias one-sided announcing
Cheers to Me, Cheers to You!
agreed! I jammed that last night! haha
": Teaching my mom the difference between DC and Marvel comic books #typicalfridaymorning" HAHA. Mom tweets make my day.
Do you watch Top Gear (U.K.)?
#NP The Strokes- Vision of Division
Sleep blogging again, crazy stuff! Must of looked on ebay and saw, doyle stout moss and was confused
I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love U <33
Thanks for the mention!
There is no such thing a slut in 8th grade!
Raise your standards if you smoke cigarettes in yo house
Really "good" music is "felt" as well as it is "heard"!....and I,m NOT talkin about being really LOUD....OK?
Nothing to be ashamed of! Thank you for sharing the Socks & Sandals Guy love!
hey hey buddy ainsley~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
#lmn!! It's been too long
Yes! Sunday? Monday? Tuesday? Wednesday? Can I dress up like Thor????
Damn this set of bitches at the gym got cakes
dude. Jameson > jack
Weird Al White and Nerdy
i just ran three miles with 9 toenails. think about that for a second.
My guess is that the hospitals also do basic vet services. They just also do surgery, etc.
Was told by my husband that I smelled like a butterfly this morning!
Of course not! Where do I get my copy? Amazon, or is there a better way?
My excuse is that I'm Young :)
Is the research on whether those items will all fit into the same trash bag at the same time? :-)
thanks man! Glad you rock with the tunes.. but its been 4 years since I first started.
The world lost Etta James... GOD has someone that can please his ears for sure! We will miss that voice!
In business, people are paid salaries commensurate w/their time and value. Teaching time is considered valuless &thus paid so.
I want super bright DRL's how do I fix that??? Hahaha... Seriously.
Glad to hear it!
do you know who the ACC home teams are?
can you please wish a happy birthday?! :D PLEASE!!!<21
Other women they would seem secure, they're just as fragile as her
I want you to want me
(Napoleon Bonaparte) The greater the man, the less he is opinionated; he depends on events and circumstances.
you know me all too well:)
U & Colin r lucky 2 have flexibility 2 b with Hank b/c of ur occupations. I'm homeschooling my 16 yr old son next yr. Stay tuned :)
is now officially following He's got Luke Duke hair AND drives the General Lee.
It's going to be a long night ...
Just saw the #glee cover for I think I might shot my pants during the episode. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Thanks for sharing our excitement! We are so thrilled.
she said it meant NIGGAS ENJOY FUCKIN FEMALES
Happy mothers day! What are u doing for your mom on this special day?
Ha, its okay. Uh, how old are you?
Shoutout to everyone out there with a mom to wish happy mothers day to. If it wasn't for my grandma i'd have no idea what a mom supposed 2 b
Thia rain makes it smell like spring in the
If we could increase the number of Protestant missionaries in the field from 7000 to 50,000, we could evangelize the globe in ten years.
Congrats to you and team on the SNAC Mellon funding! Fantastic!
A woman is the greatest asset or liability. She can be a builder or destroyer. And is equal in both anointings.
If I reach for your hand, will you hold it? If I hold out my arms, will you hug me?
can I have a cookie?
Installing Snow Leopard. Fingers crossed!
Volunteer in Madagascar this summer! Join on this expedition on May 16th. Apply now and get a 10% discount!...
S/O to all my new followers I will follow yall
That's it. I'm too tired (long day at work) & frustrated (#Brewers being the Brewers)! Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight & God Bless. <><
Tip o' the ol' cap to Josh Hamilton. Holy crap.
Car A/C konked out. Bella is not a happy camper...though most panting dogs look kind of happy so, I guess I can't tell.
I wants some :-$
TV is nothing but static, can't get a human on the line at any of your numbers. Can u help?
Happy National Teacher Day & thank you for making a difference!
the philosophical basis of indeterminate sentencing are that there tend to be more liberal opinions on sentencing.
Happy Birthday s/o to the man
my boobs :)
I really like this Paulino guy. We should keep him.
I'm happy I got 86 tweets last night and i'm finally getting tweets back to my phone....
What does #Heaven look like to you?
Jordy!! Can I get a RT? It would make my day! Love watching you play!
Thanks for the First Listen feature. I've purchased several albums because of being able to hear it on your site first.
haha. I hate when stupid shit like that starts "trending"
Weekend of art opening, dinner w/friends, hair cut/color, workout w/trainer, Balance Lady Design crafting, wine tasting, rest & relaxation!
Thx for the RT! We look forward to seeing you there after the virtual session wraps up. :)
Lady in the crowd told me to "calm down twitcher" in the first show. Youtube video coming this Tuesday
Yep. Also, I know that without a sketch-to-wireframe guide, it's easy for me to dawdle on details in prototypes.
Walter d was playin that old school mix. Made me wanna hop on that San Andreas game.
Yes it will. RT : That TD is going to break twitter.
Become a Freek...www.freekshowradio.com
Apparently my arch-nemesis has just sobered up long enough to start tweeting again.
2010 was tumultuous and successful. Happy New Year! I will be toasting with a bottle of Do u have a favorite champagne?
soon! then off to atl, but maybe meet in person? we did at spped reh thing at one time. it was fun great fun!
My computer just fritzed.. The technical term" for what the?"
nope. I watched it on directv
MillStBrewPubTO when is the pumkin beer coming and how do I reserve a growler!!!!!!
not much Hbu?
Talk to our butcher behind the counter, & they'll guide you in selection & how to best cook your pick.
rother what is happining i miss u
#AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?
when is motherless son day/
#RG3ISABEAST, REAL REFRESHING TO SEE AN EDUCATED ATHLETE. REMINDS ME OF ME, or THE OLD ME.
What kind of music do ghosts like?
For those not still in a food coma, tune in to at 9:30 to see our own talking abt the best tailgating essentials!
great stuff, especially self portraits.
we don't support the ones sticking to the craft. End result: the crap that plays on the radio.
Now it's 61° F, Clear in New York City - Fahrenheit for iPhone & iPad
CANT GET YOU OUT MY HEAD
Hahaha.. oops. Hang on
Let me check and see what I can do! What dates were you interested in?
thank you for everything !
is the alternative to Slave Nigga Rap and Thug R&B! Revolutionary!!!
no suprise that you're at the end. ugh :)
At the Providence Hospital 2012 gala. Congrats to Drs. Bette Strudwick, Joseph Quash and Edward Ranking.
Facebook does nothing but gives us too much useless information about people we don't really even care about.. Lol
Stop by for the Valentine's Day Special. Free dessert and photobooth pictures with a $10 purchase.
SHOUT OUT to for being my 250th follower! <3 Keep the #FF Love going! xoxo
Cranberry juice. Mwahahahahaha.
AGAIN, you have NO idea what the play is yet you insist on insulting!! I don't get it!
#NP baby ranks ft notch -verme old song but I still luv it! <3
Got home from 14 days to Heather, a PTFC win & got accepted to Multimedia Journalism Masters Program @ University of Oregon.
When will Mindless Behavior VIP tikets be on sale? I thought it was suppose to be selling today during the presale
thanks glad you cashed after a hapless Saturday in #Soccer I knew it was a blip!
Excuse me sir, hows your day? (:
Do it! Endorphins + well-earned self-righteousness = an amazing mix. :)
Come wind down your week with Happy Hour in the bar from 4-7pm! All specialty cocktails, glasses of wine & beers are half-priced!
Just sent our very first payout to a venue! Thanks to beta testers Theatre Company for helping us build a better box office!
who/ Wendy? good!
whenever. Just let me know. Good morning to you too
www.therealchrisfaith.com
I'm drunk as fuck, but #nohomo has a huge dick!
RT : Are there Washington, DC metro area developers contributing to the #OpenStack open source project?
Fucking A he does! :)
Attending "What's the difference: Moving from Blackboard CE/Vista 8 to Blackboard Learn Release 9 and Release 9.1"
I doubt it. Sounds like a publicity stunt. (Albeit one in which we're now participating.)
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
gotchu...I'm thinking of texas myself..heard good things
Damge ; Chris Brown !
good morning everyone!
Mitt Romney said the Poor have a safety net what's that a GRAVE?
Good morning everyone Happy Friday
Working on some screencast tutorials today - first up how to create PIP (Picture in Picture) video presentations with PowerPoint
Utah State is going to leave Auburn with a fat check and a W.
I don't know why we all think 3D sucks but we do.
Didn't make it to my trainer today, had a chiro appointment instead. Bummed though.
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." NIV Psalm 145:8
my mom's cioppino. Sadly, she only makes it on Christmas Eve.
Thx tebow. Love my bears w/ everything don't get me wrong, but I wanna win my fantasy league so just enough points from tebow would be good
says: & will be Friday Night for last Bop of the season!
Back to taste testing a new coffee, we have a winner!
isn't just about the best thing ever?
(Slowly raising hand to see if anyone really believes me than quickly back down) Nope
SHGAFDGASFGBSAJGSBFV I hate having a cold! :(((((
Learned alot from working with Jodie Bentley this week....personal brand done, new headshots selected and at printer, onto building my reel
so glad your on my favorite team! beast this year.
thanks for the follow.
Whered all my followers go :'O
Both shows are at Strange Matter
I think you and I are two of the few people that use plays on offense and defense. Most people I play just reach and shoot threes
I've only just begun to touch your earlobe
when will they start in Eastern Portland?
Anyone looking to improve your domain name? Contact me and I can help you out!
woo im tired!!!!
RT : I applaud the Internet community/blacked out sites for participating in our democracy & opening the debate:...
hahaha omg! haha you looked gorg and a bird pooped on me when we were taking that pic!!
We love the LoganSquaristDaily!
but he stopped 7 shots on a pk once!
#dontwifethatchickif she got a dude she call her "brother" thats not really her brother lls
No need to give me an attitude, MY BAD that I didn't know. I just thought maybe you didn't realize what day it was. It happens to all of us.
Jeannette Rankin~ You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
Obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
well I'm just going to have to listen close because I ain't getting out of bed!! Lol but I'm serious.
#TeamHeat #TeamHeat #Leggooo WE GOT A GREAT ONE VS DEM OLD MEN #BostonCeltics 3D LIVE ON #7CT WUT IT DO JAY SHIELDS
The way I can move my hips >
good morning everybody. not feeling so good , but I still have to go to school. :I hope y'all have a great day <3
i trust you.
Something simple and probably cheesy. Someone probably said something better. :( lol
It's pretty hard to write anything good when Lightning Crashes by Live is streaming through your head non stop.
Coworker just on MSNBC. A good day for TechAmerica.
u already kno
So excited we're watching the same game, tho I hope Tigers win it for Verlander. RT : Come on Rangers!!!!!!!! Get it done<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
All about summer $$ not team, believe it RT : Lin brought up again today he doesn't have trust in the knee.
like, w/ John Waters its EASY: Trace Extreme Position X,Y, or Z back to POST-DIVORCE CUSTODY BATTLE. #KevinMyers = trickier
Jeff () saw the chocolate on my face. He told me I had gone too far this time.
legit night.
OLD ONE? what is it? i wanna follow lol and i dont keep up with my 2nd one. but i wanna fix it tomorow or something
Get ready for a sweltering HOT car in Vegas! “:please let events back on Campus-Hard to evaluate when your in the car all day
eating some pizza rolls
We welcome two new Fellows to : Mr. Ben Lyons of Columbia Univ. & Ms. Kate Egner of the Coll. of William & Mary.
has never hated LA traffic more than I do right now.
yea..u didn't see top on da porch?? Lol
It was your ass that didn't work more than likely. Lol
Anyone know of a user-friendly front end for a library database? Something super-simple (and pretty) to search titles/authors/keywords?
Come on you guys let's make it to 75 followers!!(:
Follow & RT for a chance to win: Room & VIP table for Thursday!
X.com domain for sale. $6.5mil. 1.4mil unique views per month. Obviously, HUGE potential. Get at me for details. Pass it on.
god morning peeps(:
I will not be beat down physically or mentally.....
oops! my choc chip cookie recipe was in error! +2eggs. Too hard to fit a recipe in 140 char.
woke up early, need my coffee on this happy hump day morning!!
no problem! I know you can do it! :D
Can someone, anyone, explain to me why DCA-DFW fares are $800+ more than two weeks out?
for y'all to have all that, y'all are getting that ass mopped lmao
yeah! how are you?
Sloppy day huh? Fenders might be a nice treat. Stop on in!
training is a bitch! How many times do I have to "thumbs down" Jack Johnson and Bon Iver before it stops playing them!??
i didn't catch it...was it good??
at the gym, guy's t-shirt, sleeves removed: "I'M A CATCH" - meaning you'd like to be chased?
um yeah i freaking miss you guys so much legit its not ok
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, TWITTER JUST NOTIFY ME IF I DO NOT HAVE MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I CAN NOT FOLLOW NO ONE :( :(
I know wants me.. she makes it so obvious. I mean, I'm single but *flips hair* not for her ;)
Poker Players Alliance is rallying today in DC to support online poker. Contact your congressmen today and lets get poker legalized.
Good morning #Philly hope everyone still has a great day in spite of the rain!
Your background photograph is so beautiful - want to visit immediately!
Welcome back Mr Edwards! RT : New show debuts Monday 2/13 at 2p on
But initiation process is weird. I graduated in Dec 2010, got a letter saying I was eligible, but never got more info.
they proud to me
My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400 (more importantly taking responsibility) & not supporting Megans Law (before it was Megans Law)
RT : RT : Idk You? I know everybody gonna be at endless to see twerk team
Chillin waiting on time 2 be up on my C+ vitamin masque/AHA fruit masque.Just gave myself a much needed facial.My skin been acting up lately
Bro what you on after school
oh that's just the tip o' the iceberg... but it's a start.
did you call in or were you there in person?
Happy Birthday to auto racing icon:
... mental snapshot at least, I hope!
Rudy Gay. Stoic. Calm. Silent killer
Going to a crawfish boil today! You wouldn't recognize me.
ouch! And yes, the incentives are all messed up in the U.S. healthcare system, and there's no easy fix in sight.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 85
Cereal servings LIE. They flat out LIE.
girl where u at talking about 3for1...thats too good to be true
I love that new carpet smell.
S/o to we ouchea at 1800 bar chillen
: You bet your ass I am!
we'll see... we missed a day
3-run pinch hit home run by David Murphy. Go Rangers!
after living in San Diego for 10 yrs I am convinced that SD radio sucks
Your premium brand had better be delivering something unique, or it is not going to get the business.
People Make Me A BItch Out Here Because I am Not Mad Enough To Upset Myself
Hmm, getting all of our followers tweets but had to re-follow some of them.. anyone know why??
Feel like my twitter was just stalked on that last tweet<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thrilled as always when you stop in. Hope you caught all the Bomb Upgrades.
they hope more than expect - I guess. It's funny tho'. :)
Would you share a link to one?
Dr Oz #greensmoothie this morning. Not bad!
amen to that
Its. 4am, I gotta be up for work in less than 4 hours.
The Amazing Race is still one of the only TV shows I bother to watch.
Germs are everywhere. Handwashing is the No. 1 way to prevent the spread of disease. Wash hands. Save lives. Repeat!
All Kentucky fans own peacocks
“:don't forget to see the Boyz k!!!, I know will not you love them 2
Ha! Loved it.
i believe nothing.
glad you enjoyed it, true it would of been nice if we won
Selling #usbeef in east troy today with will. He's up 12-0. Time 2 catch up
it's that time of year ...
RT : "Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage." - Charles Luckman
I think sumbody took her phone...smh
chilling fam what's good?
Talk to me my Twitter soldiers: who is funny that I should follow?
: Love the feed from #IPY2012. Thanks for the insightful play-by-play!
I'm planning to go to talk at 2. Maybe meet up later tonight?
full album/EP soon
Too many days off with nothing to do.
your so lucky!
On the Metro North and almost home to spend the weekend w/ my parents in NY. Been a long time since I've been back to Montrose.
Light yo front door up
When your basketball games get canceled <<
are you doing a promotiom for your bobble day, like Ax had last year?
LOL! I hope those are your pants. A new LLC? Awesome! I saw the guide you created, nice job there. Cologne? Oh no...
No, but I might ask about your post-hole experience later this summer... Sorry.
I wish but I bet she doesn't even notice me -.-
#NAEP Science -- Writing is critically important in science. Only 15% of students had complete responses on science writing task.
u sexy af
What the deal with these new rappers?..
what are you hoping to get for it?
My mom would disagree. I'm up every day @ 5 and go to bed at 1. I'm not moving from my bed until noon.
Savor the strength you gain from accomplishing those small, specific goals that are the building blocks of your dreams.
I need to pick up the Tron Legacy Soundtrack as soon as possible.
sure does!! And the Twolves, Vikings and Twins! #BAH! lol
Job-estimates are meaningless to people who have jobs, and similarly to ppl who don't. Only individual situations matter
Happy glorious Wednesday to you! Hope today went well for you.
you can if you want to but you only have to do one. It will count towards your 200 tweets though!
Some1 asked me if I thought they were good enough. I told them you ALWAYS know you are good enough when bullies show up.
Ok, forget the anathemas. Let's just forget I-I entirely. Praise the Lord for all three Star Wars films!
so ready to go to Orlando...Miami is CRAZY!!!
80 hair pins from last night
Still have a Boflex for sale if anyone is interested.
"For everyone who asks, receives. Everyone who seeks, finds. And to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened." Matthew 7:8
There are about a 100 things I'd do differently.
why do people say "grow a set of balls"?Balls are Weak And Sensitive,If u Really Wanna Get Tough!,Grow a Vagina!,those can take a Pounding!
I'm hotter then a candle
I have been a fan since the start and will be a fan till the end. Follow me!
I ain't never had someone like you this all new shit
dude, you gotta think ahead.
Can't wait for my next adventure!
In a mood and feeling confused... The times I need a magic 8-Ball!
hahaha right! And I was thinking about Rita's but idk...
so weird madison and i are eating pzza tongith! :D
Had a good day yesterday. Rounding up the celebration with pizza with my family tonight. :)
perhaps all that manipulation isn't necessary
Thank you for saying "snot" at the Grammys. You know what snotty snotty...you won that party! Congrats! You deserved it.
On my way to Awards Gala.
#RVA #AmzgRz #VCNVA Donate to Virginia Conservation Network. Double your dollars!
They got 2chainz in here !
jus made a twitter page plz help me get some followers plzz
bro is that the cover on your avi?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
I keep meaning to. Maybe this will give me the push I need to finish the column!
what is the best place to stay in Galveston? ( with kids)
We have a few spots left for the Nov 18 Beer Olympics. Awesome prizes. Grab 4 friends and sign up!
lol sure jk jk....what do u watch then on cable this late? ")
Save money, and print with us.... Contact us today for more info and pricing. 4074864387
Looking for the Hotties of San Diego? Look on www.WhereTheHottiesAt.com. See if your bar or club has been rated!
Thank you as well, all the best!
Vanni Holiday is in the house!
I was born modest; not all over, but in spots.
Best feeling ever, being able to say that.. Thank you, God. So much. <3
Nothing happened to Ben's. Tim is about to become a vegetarian. But you're gonna miss the after spot hours.
Brutal hit on Spezza. Hard to measure, but just anecdotally, feel like this playoffs has been more violent than in years past
- If you don't need a cell network, the newest Asus running Win7 is amazing. If you do need cell, newest Samsung Galaxy Tab.
lol oops I got the cops on the phone now they wanna kno where to pick you up at
Oh and I watched my boy Freaky Tah keep it 100 til the grave
Excited For New Jonas Album 28
“: smoking indoors is disgusting in Vegas. gross #thirdworldcountry”
call me...
Honestly if we have plans and you told me youd text me then don't text me all day.... I'm looking for different plans
And I need to set my anger free.
It's fucked up crack day!!!!
We should trend
whoopi is a woman?
Just wanna be with you :/
Spent past two days at virtual AAM - lots of great speakers, conversation, ideas! Send me links to your favorite museum-based AR projects.
Whatever Jay. #Cards defense is just that good. They take teams out of their offense
bhahaha I get it now. That's insane!
Coffee and cigarettes are the only things keeping me sane anymore.
Long that you are comfortable w/ yourself, healthy & happy.. That's the most important thing RT
Wine should be sold in bigger bottles so there would be some leftover for lunch
As it should
This quote changes a lot if you have a condition where you read "ofs" as "ons."
60% of my projects are saving web sites that were being built by inexperienced developers, taking on more than their skillset.
didn't they at least have to give him a shot at the complete game?
Today's Get Energized tip: Avoid placing lamps or televisions near the air-conditioning thermostat.
no way
Hi Rose! Love ya!
No, I understand. A COMPLETE mess is something you can edit. Congratulations!
Shout out to the honorable Ondarwey Julian
There you go, flauntin' your *literacy* again. *sigh*
Reinstalled Spotify after a good 4-5 months. Nice to see it's gotten better than when I deleted the app.
huzzah for my theater performance in two hours
Is Kyle French related to you?
Knowledge is the distilled essence of our institutions, corroborated by experience. -Elbert Hubbard
Glad you like them
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!!!
When they say get em I'm get em.
Oh, shot! Look at the moon.
Favorite Jingle Friday! The Folgers jingle has been featured in almost every advertisement since 1984 and, in its many renditions, has...
Not used to this place. Sleeping on the floor. :(
Yea im addicted 2 a drug money n working cnt stop 2 much banz yu feel
Bring afrobeat back to Castle Clinton!!
516- your username is so nice!!!! i love demi :) and bella is sucha pretty name! <U+2665>
Come learn about (center for the book) Sat. Whitney Rm presenting
It's probably about time for a new ipod
Jimmy Clausen has several fake IDs so he can get numerous free birthday meals at Denny's throughout the year
How is it that the entire venetian smells like a freshly cleaned bathroom except the freshly cleaned bathrooms that reeks of stale urine
It should be a good day. The sun is shining, and the Son is shining!!! :)
very nice! So we might see you tonight then.
Oh that's cool. Don't text me for months, and than when you need something you act all buddy buddy with me
when did u become such a fabulous photographer?!?!
Not loving 90's R&B music is number three on the “Oh No-Nos” list.
All BBW do is go to dinner and gossip, stop acting like girls!
Thanks Glen! I love our team - are rock stars.
1962: Last time SD elected a sitting Councilmember to Mayor -- same year George Christopher served as the LAST Republican Mayor of SF.
2 things learned from making a library survey: how to make it better next time, be more transparent in general and with results.
1 year after death of OBL World Trade Center reclaims its place. When it comes to good vs. evil some things don't change. Thank God for that
is it a compliment when a complete stranger calls me "MAMA"? :P
Ha ha, well we had to try. We hear the A4 and the Sportage make a lovely couple.
Fellas, if you saw a fine chick as a patient in the hospital, would you holla at her? Lol
u love me right?
Viewing "We <U+2665> our Workplace” video contest submission - nothing like a good chair race!
Don't try, DO! :D RT : I'll try and roll through, thanks!
I think my viewers would love some tips. Bbq. Holiday.
President Obama speaking from
RT : EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL aw #teamkerikrews are dope! xoxoxo
where u go now?
It's pretty desolate in the library, but that doesn't bother this #saturdaylibrarian, because my parents are on their way to visit!
I know:/ He is just soo so amazing <3
Le Pen mocks Sarkozy bid to woo far-right
Did they talk endlessly about 20th Century learning until about 1940? Yes, we know it is 21st century. Let's give it a rest already.
They told me to take this shit out on protools.
Sexually frustrated /:
it's because of that MTV true life show last night
Finally watched #Shift video. Nice! I ordered a copy of the book but there was a shipping snafu and now I have to wait...
We've been thinking of taking on a female sidekick. Hired.
Friday night favors! Poppin off right now! Make your way to 330 birch st. Brea,ca. Happy birthday !
good night
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I hope this is not bad!! #impatient #hurry #
Now watch us turn it up
Thanks man, I appreciate your comment.....
BEAUTIFUL here in Liberty NY! Doing the morning show tomorrow on from 7 to 9am! Can't wait!
"Can we as publishers be both author-lead and customer-lead?" Victoria Barnsley
Hi Teeety! Welcome to twitter. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
What do you buy a guy that has everything?
when I was 9 I enjoyed aladdin so much....And at 19 I still do.
I rather be single din be in a relationship with a dumb broad
spent the last 2 hours getting my social media life together adding I am hoping that my tweets will now show up on face book
What a rough afternoon!! Feeling better now!! ;) ah yes!!
I wish people would just leave me the fuck alone today
ADELE FTW!!! I hope she wins every category she's nominated in!
thats why we are here“: I wonder if the PM peeps thought one pic would generate this much banter
haha sounds good and we will see about that
We appreciate it Kim! Thanks so much!
It's weird seeing the blonde side of my family.
also, why was I not "following" you before? (and how didn't I realize it?) WEIRD.
The ego is your self-image; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control...
hey, what's up?
Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF
RT : CNN special this Saturday at 2:30pm ET. Music, tech, & movies...everything that makes amazing.
oo, tried to do track workout tonight (just some recovery). leg cramps, etc. taking it down a notch
- you should come - you'd love it... Tons of places to do handstands... And of course there's me :-)
I need AP Testing to get here already so I can start skipping -.-
Christopher Leigh Blues fans Jam night @ Cooley Lake Inn Ap 1st 7pm - 11pm 8635 Cooley Lk. Rd. Commerce, MI Host Band ---> Broken Arrow <---
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
My name is Amy and I'm glad to be here! Have a nice day
Ha yeah
listening from matt's hometown, middlesboro ky. Wish i was in NOLA or Lex.my 1st title&idk how it gets better
Swim Trunks? CHECK!
Like everyone picked, Harden is Sixth Man of the Year
I just did my first QR code- hi My name is Jenny and I'm behind in the times!
Anybody think would make a good spokesperson for the anti testing and driving campaign.
RT I got rid of TV a long time ago. How many friends have you met by watching TV?<but, but, but...
There's always that one thing that ends a conversation b/c it gets too akward....that life for ya...
I've been to Helnsinki - it is extremely beautiful & surprisingly clean. (same city architects as St. Petersburg, Russia)
Thank you and ! Ya'll keep the names of important black feminists coming!
And i don't even have a boyfriend
OMG...that's my very favorite saying of all in the Bible
I just think he's incorrect about swtor
i thought seriously bout it
This Friday at #Notte we are Honoring all upcoming College Graduates w/ Free entry and Drink specials ALL NIGHT
you don't get time to use the hotel gym? I don't belong to a gym, so travel is kind of a treat.
celebrates herself tonight
- Thanks for the retweet, Bob! I appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT & the follow! Looking forward to hearing more from you. Cheers!
You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.
good thing the NCAA Tourney isnt played in Bloomington
Great inning by the #Rangers time for Feliz to finish strong!
EVERYONE PLZ FOLLOW US!!!!We will start posting videos soon.:D
RT : RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
Just realized I've been eating turkey bacon so long I forgot what real bacon tastes like.
So it's basically the vs. Holiday.
Def gonna buy chronicle when it comes out on dvd.so live
- doesn't bother me in the least.
agreed. It demonstrates a different kind of research, something I've tried to push in some of my courses--reading/writing streams
Holy crap
RT RT : Fdtn today; like what I'm hearing: "A high-quality educational experience is a civil right."
this is wonder girl, she's everyone's dream; but things aren't always what they seem..
Great first show over the weekend. Thanks to BuriedBeds and Joshua Marcus. Next up, LP release show, TBA.
We missed You Marcus, I am Happy Your are coming back! Luv Ya!
NEW BAND DEBUT TONIGHT 10pm
Vanessa, Becky, and Mychael are all here tonight. Come by and see us!!!
we have a coffee truck too!
After late arrowhead, CAB, and the Onalfo years, it feels really good to see the team play this well.
BOOM! RT : Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock. Rock beats scissors...And LOVE beats Cancer ?
Especially on the iPhone, evidently.
I enjoyed it very much - nice to meet you, and good luck!
Lauren G Adams Jewelry was a huge hit this weekend! Hurry in for Charm Bracelets, Necklaces, and Earrings, all going fast!
At the #CEN Country Manager #e-invoicing Conference in #Zagreb. About to start!
There is always a soft spot in my heart for you, even when you've done wrong, even when you've let me down, even when you couldnt care less.
Cool, man. In kind, I'll offer a VERTIGO tour of San Francisco. That is, if you like VERTIGO.
“If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you”
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
Watching "Contraband" this movie is giving me agita...tense.
Oct. 27 @ 702 Fearless Fearless, Save The Hero, Almost Normal, Fear The Brave, Amoride, $10
is making music history right now. 4 albums on holding down 2 spots on the
It's TEBOW TIME!! would you agree the 2nd half has been better?
talk all about this in 2nd half of ch8. the defense can bring up SD as their strategy, and prosecution can then present
#ufc 132 tonight! Come watch on one of our 30 flat screen tv's. Great drink specials all night.
basketball all weekend in Lexington....its not a true reunion without all the original members
I'm looking forward to set up today. Feels like a good day to get some stuff done.
Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double - KOLD-TV Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News V
next year for sure though! And check out SageCoach! It's a country fest in Cali
totally didn't mean to RT that...they didn't mention what church in Marion though, did they?
Thanks for coming down, it was awesome catching up! Let's build some quadcopters!
ATSU-KCOM students in #Joplin are well and assisting in the efforts to triage at Freeman.
Why does sex sell so well?
follow me
“: hey buddy hows vegas?? Long time no see”great ill be home for Xmas
sounds good
RT if you believe teacher unions speaking out against the Castle Doctrine directly affects our Wisconsin students. #Wiunion (cc: )
": The worst: 'all men are capital B!' " Befuddled? Broken? Big-Boned?
So, so delicious. #LiveonKOMO is amazing. :)
dude you should do guest vocals on new album
shoutout to alexa?! And ask him if he gets special attention in school
I might pick up a new one soon. I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing
Every time I hear about religious organizations accepting government money, I hear General Akbar: "It's a trap!" Gov $ = gov control
there's never anyone there, it's a great hidden treasure
Don't have numbers but believe majority owned by schools. Apple never expected it when they released iPad 1...
a question I've asked of workflowy which they've just added with the pro account!
The special HTC Wildfire S accessories cases or covers, in order that they could help you to use the cell phone for a longer period.
Anyone else watch Smash last night? There was a tea drawer, tea offered and music. I could get used to this!
Glad that Gigantic Brewing opened in deep SE - spread the wealth Beervana!
can you #SAVETAY? She's still grounded and for nothing at that.
2012 NFL season schedule in an hour, cannot wait!
Just spoke at a class of about 30 students at #URI. Great moment, lost of great questions and interest.
Loving my online classes this semester. Now I can keep selling houses!
Ninja warrior is to FUN!!
Fans in the Ft Pierce area...get over to Fenn Center and join us at the Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off.
I know I bother you everyday but OMG. You and your dog are such cuties!(x Love you<3
seen THG...when is golf?
See also: Aoki RT : Ishikawa is truly awful. Just a fastball, right down the middle.
ouch! I still remember the hr+ of live C.Lo rambling on the air to you in what, 95?
We had some tech difficulties this morning but we're back online now. Thanks to everyone for bearing with us!
Sounds like a dish at Hue. lol.
#YOLO is an excuse for skanks to be skanks.
Where's the "choice?" RT : Vevo doesnt want to tell you what to do, they want to give people platform choices
Victor Cruz..amazing
Awesome. Thanks!
#STYLEGIBBERISH "YOUR STYLE HAS NO BOUNDARIES, BUT YOUR FASHION SHOULD"
Just got a bunch of updates done on the #CPCT website. Phew!
Making a manageable list for the garden store so I don't go insane there.
Lmao, but we on twitter doe, so its cool :P
I know...way too fast.
Making the choice to help others is most rewarding
damn thats where i'm headed to right now...
My note made my mom cry. :')
RIP #JimDuffy, you made Nickelodeon 90's cartoons the epitome of my childhood
RT : Happy birthday marchyyy. I heart you.
no you deserve it! :)
"The app really works great for me for practicing lines while on the go."
Hey yo where my shout out dawg
I was pregnant in my dream last night... Yeah, that's right. #wtf #wheresfreudwhenyouneedhim?!
Yeah so hey Justin, I miss those random CHUCK NORRIS MOMENTS. <3 & I just full around miss....you
hay wats up
What a great day of classes! And in just 2 days we go from arctic to tropic-like weather. Enjoy the weekend.
In year since dbw11, so much has changed yet many of the same questions remain.
Thanks. Good presentation.
RT Wednesday is wine day: ALL Washington wine 50% off at Icon
can i please get a follow back:)
Dude i wasnt that drunk , dude you were in my pool trying to find nemo .
May is the best month for sports
New restaurant: Awful Falafel Waffles.
I hope the photo of George Zimmerman that's all over the news isn't his Match profile pic. It's so unflattering.
I would give you some muffins but I can't... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
today is picture day.... (:
i dare you to Favorite this and to follow me<3 :)
lol. i'm so rude, it's not even funny.
keep trying, just keep clicking!
Minority pop growth accounted for 92% of US pop growth in 2000s. - Dan Lichter presidential address
I'm having major #alcide withdrawls
Obstacles are like wild animals. They are cowards but they will bluff you if they can. If they see you are afraid of them? they are liabl...
One hour until Washed Out () takes the stage at #IngenuityFest!
hudson came home in the middle of that night and said, "julie! you did it again!"
ahah I've listened to One direction and obviously JB before but never heard of reece mastin :) Thanks:)
To be fair, I'm constantly telling people "This guy cowote your favorite song, you just didn't read the liner notes."
Smooch the pooch!!! Happy Valentine's Day!!!
that's what u are suppose to Do <U+27A1><U+27A1><U+27A1> never<U+2B05><U+2B05><U+2B05> but hit me up u light skin bastard
ONE DIRECTION GAY?! PSHH. THEY ARE AS STRAIGHT AS LOUIS' FINGER WHEN HE'S HIGH.
Is anyone else experiencing really odd Twitter behavior this week?
Still this is a pretty hurtful article.
Massive cravings for crab based dips.
If I have to hear any more Skrillex before this weekend's over, I'm definitely shaving my head into a weird half-mullet.
Cutting up your own writing is highly satisfying ;)
pin:28E1C83D New BlackBerry
Trey Songz, marry me
I expected a loss tonite. Long ass game, travel & bullpen spent. Didn't expect Matusz to suck this bad or Berken either.
Working underground in the library on a warm sunny Monday, you started my day off right. Cue chair dancing...
Are you saying that I'm NOT a clever bot?
wait until we make you do the paddle crawl... fyi coach slaps the hardest
Oh that's how you feel ma, that's really how you feel.
OMG #ME3 demo is such a teaaaasseee!! I can't wait!
follow me, tryin to up followers 1 at a time :P Ill spread the word about this foundation!
I VOLUNTEER FOR VENTING
his grandma said he was pretty as a penny
On a field trip with my son's school at the 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates at UIC Forum in Chicago.
Jus burned my tough
fangirl moment when you realize is following you, I love his songs! Thanks for the follow (:
We honor those who don’t have the freedom to realize their own light by refusing to live in the dark.
Live each day as if everyone loves you because self-delusion is underrated as a coping mechanism.
Looking forward to NYC wknd w/
Adventure Time ^__^
When the moon hits the sky like a big pizza pie...
That pizza looks CRAY good!
Damn my phone finna die 0_o
ok bed time fwahuipd
I've always used Personal Brain PC software which has great features, but I look forward to trying these. Thanks for link.
All I can say is thank you for the attention :)
They tryna shut my label down
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now taking a five minute break.
and can Cena top himself from what he did last night for the next 6 weeks?
Thanks! It is a very complex film I made, so much underlying tension btwn those two! Ps. So much fun skyping w/you!
I can't even watch it...have yet to ever watch a complete replay.
yupp. and u should! wear ur makeup too haha u gonna look fancyy
Great show tonight--felt like getting to see an MCA touring show in a tiny space.
I want new weave
im so over this whole school thing
Of course.
Almost completely clear where I'm at. How's the weather on your end?
im a cool cat at the sober valley lodge
The same love that makes me laugh, makes me cry.
“: I have a vase filled with purple tulips to inspire me as I work. Nature is so inspiring! #ubusensations” <= Sounds nice
didnt know there was a title change. look forward to the flick meng!
Attending the chapter Exec Retreat NY
I've gotten with 2 of them..and 1 was kinda prude..the other is a whore
You think you are perfect.? Tell me more on why I should even give a flying fuck.
Sixers scored more than 100 pts. Almost time for my free Big Mac
"When you realize you've been standing in shit, you don't stomp on it to punish it, you just scrape it off and walk away."
Why do spam profiles follow me?
I suspect that my bookie is a huge fan of Brandon League.
#FF Awesome artists to follow! Have an awesome weekend!!
Are you IN? If not, go to barackobama.com right now and join!
All the turkeys done. Time to go wash the smell of 300 fried turkeys and oil off....lol
Stupid bitch! Do your fucking job instead of just flirting
I know, right? We just found out about this crazy thing called the interweb, and apparently people have been using it for years!
Everyone head on over to our facebook to check out the sick EP artwork we just posted! Let us know what you think!
I got enough money to get to la. But dont have enough for fair reserve money and deposit for place. Dammitt. Lol
LoveVoodoo is sponsoring SlutWalk DC - in our nation's capitol - tomorrow 11-4. Join us in the walk and then afterwards at our booth.
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER? Follow , they're following everyone RIGHT BACK! And tweet them if you live in Ohio!!!!
Oh! Total shoutout to the parent of a kid that knew what Malley's Chocolates was. :D
Breakfast yum ;D <3
When weeding, to make sure you remove a weed and not a valuable plant, pull on it. If it comes out of the ground, its a plant.
sixers couldn't of played worse tonight. Bad decisions down the stretch by Lou killed them
*breaks something in a store* backs away slowly like nothing happened >_>
Your mom is kinda cooler than you...
"it's important for plaxico burris to play for a team that wins. And we win. A lot." - steelers backup qb byron leftwich
Had a nice nap! :)
Actually, the one night before is because it's for Sabbath and I can't cook on the Sabbath so it all has to be done beforehand.
I have decided I want to move to Maine when i grow up!! For now i will enjoy summer vacation in Virginia though :((
Sometimes good people do bad things
So. Nurse sent me home cause of my eye. Doctor at 11
here here!
yea she's gorgeous (wink wink) but i don't think i have any ill double check..
woe is me.. man i miss that.
hey thanks so much for the s..o on #ya!flash. the premise for tick-tock sounds great! how's #diablo3?
Okay just got off the phone.... probably won't talk to her for another month or two.... but at least i figured out the schedule....
With an appointment letter in hand, I'm happy to say officially that I'll be returning to #Marist College for a fourth year.
awe ur the best
I got money in these jeans so they fit my kinda snug...
The Conservatory is open from 10am-5pm Dec 24th!
Thank you for all of the #FF <3
Agree! RT : 1hr of extra sleep tonight won't be worth the loss of daylight. Oh well. I'll get thru it......somehow.
can u follow me?
#ShockingNerlensAnnouncement Nappy boys AIN'T gonna be okay.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad <3
Nowhere to go for a jog where we are staying and it looks like a mcDs breakfast is in my future
Happy New Year!
I don't know if you all are aware of this but MASS EFFECT 3.
well...that game sucked.
The 4th was awsome! Great BBQ awsomes fireworks in banks. What more could i have asked for?
haha gramma? I'm pretty sure I'm the youngest out of all of brandis friends
thanks so much for checking us out! We also have a 60% off merch & music sale going on right now :)
If you're cheering at the #BostonMarathon today, or any race, stick around for the slower runners. We really appreciate the crowd support!
exactly why this is just depressing
If you are tweeting from the Empowered to Connect Conference, be sure to use the #ETC11 hashtag.
“: picking wedgies during practice cause you're fearless and you honestly could care less #athleticgirlprobz”
Time to spark a blunt and have a Game of Thrones marathon with Amy and !
bahaha I would too! You totally should. Go to 2fers tomorrow and go crazy!
If anyone wants to follow us personally, follow or convince to start using Twitter.
Book two of the summer, done.
I think this is the first (and last) time I've every watched MSNBC.
but they did a few weeks ago.
Right back at ya! xo
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid ...i remember not understanding life and always thought impossible was possible ..and i still embrace that
Truly missing my bed...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
The die has been cast. What work the tool provided actually accomplishes, we'll see.
Game birds are commonly hung out to dry!
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted.
Everything is coming together so brilliantly until I realize the timing is a little off....shit!!!!
I can't unblock my tweets because there are bitches that I don't want to be able to see the shit I tweet. xD
YES!! RT Careful of those 100-Calorie packs. You can get away with 1, but eating several defeats the purpose. Choose healthier!
I hope all is well with you. And I hope you will resume posting your castings soon. Your site has been invaluable to me!
I'm cool so I track trends in London.. Yeah :)
XML, programming languages, etc. as part of language requirements for PhD programs. Interesting ideas in the last panel!
how are you today?
It's so glad that our first lucky guy has turned out! And he has got a surprise gift that values $50.
Wow A-Rod finally Ran !! He's Out of breath xD haha.
THE MIGHTY COMBINATION OF KRILL, SKILL, AND THE LETTER X!
KMA in the Bill Building for real
RT Ty doll! Im sure I do just haven't been online RT : if you have an account on GagaDaily...
Hosea 14:3 "... for in you the fatherless find compassion."
what are the suspensions
Exodus 22:22-23 "Do not take advantate of a widow or an orphan. If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
VA is too early to call? When it was just Mitt vs. Ron?
Ack! I'm very excited too! Just not looking forward to a potentially long night in the Joburg airport...
i am u too
Absolutely - the resemblence is uncanny! XO J
Sick at homee.. :/
yeah that's super cool. Now if only it would follow me around the club and make me look like a celebrity :)
mixing with citron tonight on the rocks. Maybe make a nice soup also.
Me too. RT : Love reading Lakers fans posts on my timeline.
Hahahah its funny when people dont understand my humor .
Overdose killed artist Thomas Kinkade, coroner says
Forgot my glasses, headphones and my sanity on my desk this morning.
Can you give us specifics? Times, dates, locations, directions? With that information we can investigate. Thank you.
Bernard Mergen “Snow arouses playfulness... extraordinary, a break from everyday routines; it stimulates imagination and fantasy.”
CADIGs AutoTable brings in formatted Excel tables as a DXF in Revit and keeps a link open to autoupdate.
I would give "Ms Nobody" a 7/10.. not bad, not great, but overall entertaining.
why did this week go by so fast?? :(
Bigger things coming! Gr8 mtg this morning w/ LaMont Summersett. Green Biz opts abound.
If you don't mind me saying, your prose has improved over the last couple years or so.
Private Coaching in LA. On-line sessions available for students around the world! Call (323) 620-6951 for an intro session
Monday Already.... Visited Pompano Beach this morning back at the Yankee Clipper... Tommorrow Hollywood Ca and the main reason for being…
my hair may or may not be a shade of purple
lol I can't keep waking up like this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
to all u drivers in se wisc i apologize for the road rage in my girls lol
Happy happy birthday!
Take my advice: fill up the car and wear 2 coats today
yes I just live tweeted the news.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise, we harden. Goethe
Rock Chalk baby.
We may fight and i annoy the crap outta you, and yet you still deal with my weirdness no matter what. I love you mom.
Mr. is a sartorial wizard. I expect he'll be a sharp(-dressed) competitor.
RBP 4. 4.5 billion years from now the Milky Way Galaxy will collide with the Andromeda Galaxy.
we are pretty full on acts but I may add another 1/2 hour what do you do
okay. uh get off limit already!!!:(
Which also means we will be holding off on recording the EP as well.
looks awesome.
I love it when I'm eatin oreos and I finish my milk and there is a whole bunch of Oreo at the bottom
I can't wait.
LET'S GO HEAT!!
Don't worry. It has now started. You can safely ignore my tweets for the rest of the night. P.s. giants just scored
HAHAHA - so funny you shared this with me, cause that's my co-worker's blog she made this morning
Scratch >>>> <<<<<Here and smell, this is how your electronically filed tax return smells
I LOVE THIS :D
lets chill tomorrow
(Sometimes typographical errors are.. well.. galling.)
gearing up for early April launch in San Francisco, NYC, and Philadelphia! Time for some games.
RT : Maddox grounds out, runners advance. Second and third, two down for Tobias
omg I was thinking that!!
hey! It was so much fun! I wanna start in Feb!
wow umm that was rude....and you obviously dont know good music then cause she is a amazing singer
Its all gunna b okay.....ill meet mb again....ill,meet mb again
My sat night? Watchin ten commandments...
lol good.oh and also ihateit someone texts you then you don't reply instantly so they decide once you text back you get no reply
bitch I'm n bed needing to wrap my head n I ain't even do that
I'll take a listen! Thanks! EROCK
Too bad this kid doesn't have a twitter.
ur brother is funny! I miss mad TV!
Anyone interested in doing some down-and-dirty videos for an energy drink company? Phone cameras are fine, no experience required.
Okay, time to tweet my life away. Haven't don't this in a while. :)
This idea of 'believing in yourself' can really take over - Geena Davis
SEC getting stronger w/ Serrano while there a lot of unknowns on the West Coast.. Will the gap widen?
Hungry. Bored. Sore.
Don't apologize for singin' about chicken...Mary J...spend da money right..and send me some why u at it..lol
these hoes think they cute wit they ratchet ass!!!
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!
No thanks, but nice try RT : follow for Clemens trial gold
It's tacky that they "eliminate" contestants rather than "select" semi-finalist.
Respect for the law: Good. Fear of police: Bad
I already took my exams
Yes, please.
I LOVE YOU RT : SO happy I got to see my sweet baby #loveyoubeautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana...
Why did I every stop studying to Norah Jones? I wrote so many awesome papers to her in undergrad. Must continue this now!
Oracle Introduces New Sun x86 Servers -- the Industry's Best x86 Platform for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
since you asked, medicare wouldn't be needed if the govt didn't set prices on services & cause reg ins to cost a too much
We Gucci ( : Lmao His Dad & Sister Coming Tomorrow
Disappointed to know both myself & club owner in Manchester have been taken advantage of by shady promoter Jen Dunbar. UK gig 4/22 canceled
A big CONGRATS goes to for winning the competition on Friday! What a fun race!
Thank You!
Cholo adventures is "get down crazy" funny
Sorry guys :(
best article i've ever read.
sign in
iTunes is so dumb! All I wanna do is burn a cd!!!
. Pete Rose SHOULD be in the Hall of Fame, but regardless, Reds fans should STFU about Braun...
Where starting a new reality show inbound island@@
Today is a brand new day - No fools day!
Welcome to 2 the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV Looking forward 2 your tweets.
Really bummed out today. Being alone can be tough sometime. Have a good one tweets!
ok I will! thank you! even an e-mail interview would be awesome #justsayin =)
Lol, I know how ya feel. I use an ipod alot. The autocorrect is a dickhead.
what's the saying... you're either part of the solution or part of the problem... :)
In truth- to attain interior peace one must be willing to pass through the contrary to peace. ~SBrahmanada
in less than 24 hours I'll be done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You win a belly full of fire
great news! What setting did you choose?
Haha no one likes this bitch , Rofl
Stoked to watch the 1000 Journals project movie!
Super excited to see David Rollo of BLiNQ speak at OMMA Social today! Thanks to #MPOMMA for a great event!
The list, the intention, the release.
u gother pork
lmaooo thankss babee I feel honored that it's your 3rd time wishing me a happy birthday!! love you <3333
We're heading to General session to find ways to revitalize our nations cities.
Lord, Today I pray for Honesty. Help me to choose my words wisely; speaking what others need to hear, NOT what others want to hear. #Amen”
We are going to give out tshirts to 2 in attendance who thank for sponsoring with #web414 hasthag
Good morning ! Thanks for the follow. How are you today?
wanna play 20 ?'s ??? to pass time? y dont u play with all us mahomies nd have us answer and retweet the first answer u see!:)
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE HARRY PLEASES xx
I actually found the Groupon commercial about whales the really funny. I found them snarky about customers not the whales!
Thank you so much, Jennifer!
that's why you only have a select few as true friends
you can get news about the
haha I only had braces for 4 months and that was 4 years ago:)
I've been given a honey do-list and I'm last second lunching it with college buddy at 1:30 - let's see how it shakes out.
So. I think I may just have to wing a Raquel look. xD At least until AWA. HOPEFULLY I'll have a better bod by then.
almost exact.
Indiana Ice will play most of its games at Bankers Life Fieldhouse the next 2 seasons with a smaller # of games played at Pan Am Plaza.
Go and drown your sorrows in the waters of Lake Minnetonka!
Sam Dekker that is all!!
Better to consider some things a "MEANS" rather than an "END"...
Who's carrying you home?
I'm likin' me some Joe Jonas in Camp Rock 2 ;)
Aguirre doubled up to end the inning.
. (We've got a search-by-color feature in the works, so stay tuned! <3)
their brand of football and confidence is strong, i see no slump and it was YOU who was punting Rodgers!
we just love and is there anything better than a bentspoon cupcake followed by a good book?
careful what you ask for 5 heartbeats and after 7 lol. Wow
Of Course they are. The #gunlobby is probably the reason #FL is taking its time to bring this case to a resolution.
Went to the gym with my iPod, headphones, keys, a pair of The Boy's socks, & my racquetball glasses.
... no one cares what you think #no title in 40yrs!! its time now!!
I think you mean convenient stores, but that would be interesting.
working on it so I will be ready for the masters division when I turn 50
Couples massages for Valentines Day! 2 Swedish massages for $200.00 includes glass of champagne and chocolate! Good Feb 12-14. Call NOW
Today in 1997, 'Marchin Already' by Ocean Colour Scene reaches
Pharmacy - Reduced Costs up to 55% - WalMart - LORAZEPAM -
Thanks for following! :D
That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me! and your like "........Oh"
#FF -that’s flip-floppin’ Friday!
A personal tree understands when we lose our Selves. Our personal tree listens with a clean heart.
Well hey, I bet you're doing good!
Graduation swag!!!!
His accent was terrible, but it was a lovely moment to watch. We'll have to make some bilingual recordings for baby D.
love u too nique and thank u for allowing me to spend time with my niece.
Benjy's gots a twitter now everyone stalk him
Finished the slides for my first lecture as visiting professor at Info tech students, you are going to have a great semester!
In the States we have a 'do not call' registry.
Forgot I was on the ballot to be a delegate for the Florida Dem Convention. Well, the election is tomorrow. I should be campaigning.
Researchers in 04' tested 10 umbilical cords of newborns and found on average 200 toxic chemicals! Cleansing is so important!
Almost to Hollywood...Florida. Go! Habs Go!
yeah I heard it from all our techs and dr's. Yeah oh well, at least it wasn't shrimp.
how abt this: my talk is mostly abt copyr notices. Discuss.
again struggles through his Harpo Marx-itis for yet another day :>(
They all ran away cause they heard I was coming <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Carl, I have a tremendous idea for a sitcom. May you DM me your e-mail address? Trust me, this idea is huge.
Listening to Sunshine Of Your Love (The Adrian Sherwood & Skip McDonald Remix) by Living Colour
Gonna go and get ready to watch Justin<3 bbl lovies(:
#kentucky looks a little gassed.
Coming back to the east coast? :)
I would love to know <3
Diamond Club service is on point tonight
Same phenom., diff. flavors? Considering Wellman's "networked individualism" vs. "connected autonomy." : paradox, indeed!
Video's from Central Park are being uploaded. Take a look!
Our student section just "parted the red sea' hahahahaha made my freaking day
It's Wednesday, how are you getting over the hump?
than god 4 that ass:)
#everygirl gets a little moody, cranky, depressed and emotional sometimes.
I really don't wanna listen to drake anymore for some purposes, but it suggests seems to come out on my playlists .
Isn't it a cop out for Romney to file for an extension on his taxes? Even if it's his right to do so?
Changed my spot... Sitting on my bed now
" OMG niggas cant Stick her ! "
S/O on that new promo video.
nigga I just said we'll see, there's a chance they could win
your hometown is what made you, you
This Song >
You guys are like ICONic in the school's basketball history then ! ;p
A belated thanks for the #FF mention!
Q's about online limits for kids? Join us and Parenting Editor of for Tweetchat on 5/8 7PMET at
Dude, agree! Zach, you need to jam to some & get off that boy band sh*t!
Review: Lensbaby Makes Tilt Shift Simple (and Affordable)
ERROR 37 ALL DAY
I'm late but The Halo shines tonight! #Angels are starting to find their way. This team is built on starting pitching & defense.
hey D!
No problems at all since mid-morning yesterday.
Mike Wilbon says Pacers "fun to watch." Pacers sales execs gotta hope central Indiana residents get message and start buying tix.
strange that it worked as well as it did. Must have been one hell of a hat.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT (COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS) MY OBSESSION..
#easily how to easily straighten a synthetic wig
Ugh I miss him
A Good Monday starts with a company meeting, right after a Starbucks stop
i love
My crew is attending CNG repair and conversion school this week and will be state certified by the end of the month
I'll be at Penrod this morning signing copies of The Starving Artist's Diet.
Starting a new charity, Helping Central Florida, to help disabled pay for med equip and offer scholarships for volunteer work. Want to help?
Can you just, okay...
yup!! And awh thank you bunches!!<3
thank you! I wish I could attend , but I have to go to school tomorrow (exams)
your speech at the Hall of Fame was moving & beautiful. I've loved RHCP for 20 years, tonight you found a new fan in my mom :) xoxo
like you always do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
tequila cream chicken!
Kevin Hart: great @ end of this week's Modern Family. He's funny because he's REAL. He's got enough courage to tell the truth in his work.
then answer my ? why bring reprod'n into it at all if you dont think it should be a condition?
Spinning at far bar tonight. Will make ur booty pop. Come on down. No cover.
Basically just woke up...one for the books!
pretty name for a pretty woman(; haha lol
"Expect the Unexpected."
Shall I read Ashley Mears's Pricing Beauty on the plane, or embarrass myself by watching Ringer finale? So many decisions.
lol were u the only one tht got kissed by one of the Boyz??
If anybody can handle a controversial role with dignity, class, & true acting chops, its you! Good luck in your meeting!
Writing and working on new book daily... what a treat!
Congrats to 's on being named Rookie of the Year by College Hockey News.
Welcome to the neighborhood! Don't hesitate to call should you wish to plan a TEA menu!
Would anyone like to hear "Last Story" acoustic?
Songs that say "F*CK". Listen to the bit "....A F*CKING MESS" at www.freekshowradio.com Sign up there for updates.
I don't want some crackhead llama!! You gonna ship it I'm from Chile? Haha
Wondering what next week will bring me. Will Aidan's school situation be resolved? Will EJ find out that Sidney is his baby? Hmm. We'll see.
someone tweet me. please
We look like we in love, but only on camera
Even my bad wishes are good if I hurt no one.
not since mid-April. .200 OBP will do that. He jacked that huge HR in game 1 against the Dodgers and zero since.
No, it's due midnight tonight, or so says the syllabus. Do you need until tomorrow?
RT : welcome to the club, just got arrived myself. folks are nice here... i'm sure it'll pass.[cheers! landing soon myself too]
well you know, I just have so many friends that I couldn't pick one to be my screensaver, so I picked myself #imhot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
This Is For Them 50 Somethings Hell Ya Half Way There Baby Take It To The Head
Pre-order placed! And had an excellent convo with the booksellers about SHADOW AND BONE, to boot.
I hate styling pagers.
Darren Sutton is calling the #Brewers game? Good thing I have to study.
You have no idea how ready I am for this year to be over. While 3 of you graduate and I continue:/ #JuniorStatus xD
awesome, working on a new EP right now, can't wait to be done, and put it out!
Happy mothers day too !
dont take it offensives it's just his opinion :( i love iJever :( if you have a problem with that it's fine... i dont mind.
Thanks everyone! I wasn't really close with baby randy. But thanks for the kind words!
I was waiting for the invitation ;) haha
I got SPOILED for my birthday. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I finally had to upgrade my computer other lawyers going to the cloud I am going to windows 7
they are working to address
Sitting with a big cup of coffee writing & playing my 4 string tenor Irish banjo. It's incredible how inspiring playing a new instrument is
Waking up to this dope life that we live is such a blessing!!!
Anything Drake or Robyn! PS -We're coming Sun with Brad's super-athletic sister
I'm sitting here hoping some thing good happens
Wonder if things are going better for my AAHGS buddies at the National Archives...wanted to join them but go a late start
Im out here im out here im out here im out here
Really looking forward to girls' night with some incredible friends tonight, who hoo!
We're still in the lab mixing up a stronger Toot Away. Should be back in market soon! Thanks for all of your support.
He may sue for incorrect citation/quotation, but his implicit message is going to hurt his image.
haha it was a joke
I didn't unfollow you Lil homie. I don't run my own account but I'll follow you back.TO EVERY1. I DON'T RUN MY OWN ACCOUNT
Ops! I guess we all make mistakes. Last version had a bug in it. It's been squashed and a new release is ready for action!
Be open and willing to make adjustments on a daily basis. Doing so will take you farther than you could have imagined.
watching for #stpatricksday! drinking game: swig each time the boys use the F word--Sláinte!
Sure anything for a belieber!(:
...GAH! in my case, evil, evil squirrels- who take only one bite....
I'm in love with deep house music, a genre I like to classify as 'classy lounge.'
did some things you cant speak of but at night you live it all again </3
So nice to walk down the street to #thealcove for an after work #happyhour glass of wine :)
All appears to change when we change.
Yep! Next one is Alexandria. I definitely plan to be there. Was at Wolf Park during last one and totally worth it
Unleash your creativity with our "Creativity Series in The Lab" w/ Mary Catherine, Lisa, Melissa & Kimberly, Mar. 10, 17, 24, 31 at 11:30 am
Gonna have to make me another mix :)
great representation 4 Occupy LA Vegan Restaurant venture 8th/Olive Bldg
Cashin out by cash out that shit.
Kangaroos can't jump backwards
I cant wait to see you in Omaha hopefully I get lucky and you sign my pennys
hm, I think we should try out for the #NFL, what do you think? haha
"living wage" . . . boy, that's specific . . . what parameters could you POSSIBLY throw on that one?
R u doing concerts in Tokyo or just visiting?
We sound like a broken record abt Child Abuse but this song is being played all over. If we want the song to stop, we have to make it stop.
. Assoc of Rehabilitation Nurses President and Pres-elect Michelle Camicia just had a great mtg w/ your staff. TY
Happy National Puppy Day! #Didyouknow Aromatherapy is safe for pets? My dog loves the Yun Aroma Diffuser!
Life Fucking sucks sometimes
Bruce is a legend!
Follow these Midnight in Wilmington sponsors! Happy #FF!
YES! RT : Alrighty wrigley building folks and those surrounding Lunch! Lamb/Veal/Pork cheeks/ lobster/artichoke/porchetta!
As soon as I finish w this Yoga book MT so many books 2 choose from! you need to read something by Fuentes
Dopeboy's with no car should have on dope runner's or they're
Great customer service from
Live TV has long been the favorite source of video for most Americans. But with the advent of VOD, DVRs, OTT and mobile TV, today's typical…
Cannot wait for #NCTE11 w/ Time to make this an annual tradition.
get real bozo.
He looks very dapper.
Sherry shepherd rockin the host position! I LOVE JESUS!
cool app you're building.
In response to ur #APP #training, we #learned we needed to get #windows 8 running #inthelab and we're doing that now! Thanks!
we love you guys & y'all have talent that will bless so many! Glad to help spread the word because we believe in it honey!
no way my sis is 22!! haha but she still lives with us............ lol the tornado siren didn't go of here!!
Probably 1414, which came out this winter/spring. Big BB stout.
So the interview just HAD to be Saturday
awesome! thank you so much! would you be willing to write amazon review?
congrats on being a finalist!
Good! Time to relax, and enjoy! Who has a "moral compass" anymore? LOL!
it's rain because i can't make you love me.
thank you for posting last night's event! It was a sold out house with standing room only!
Ah life!
and in the blink of eye, tickets to O'Malleys March were gone...
my phone went off in a meeting today. Granted, it wasn't on live TV, but still...I feel for ya.
He wouldn't even go out in the yard!
Sorry yogis - the #DonationBasedYoga class has been canceled for tonight - please disregard the previous tweet
A person's true character is revealed by what he does when no one is watching. - Unknown
RT Hawks, Magic & Nuggets next to get swept !
smells like wet grass and mud. thanks for a tremendous game & !
Kids are so funny!!
It's pretty funny how the first sentence of my paper took about an hour and a half and I wrote the remaining 3 and a half pages in an hour
Happy Monday!!! Hope everyone has a beautiful week!
Hey man, oil is expensive. RT Dead bodies to be burned to heat UK swimming pool...
straight up hater lol
How did it start? Did someone rub two dicks together? RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tyler Perry Studios on fire."
Dm me your email folk. I'll hit you with the details there my dude.
Fortunate for Bryce Harper. RT : Good thing Chapman didn't take a page out of Cole Hammels book.
Song title: A Skull Is Not A Sphere.
school is wack
I can't even tell you how much I love life right now.
I don't find you being funny AT ALL.
- welcome to Boston!
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I don't wanna hear your shit lmfao
if I was dumb enough to use gmail. But to log EVERYTHING on the phone and not tell anyone? Where you go? Who you call? Txts?
same as here; amby619
Did you know? Marukan is certified "Kosher Parve" by the "Star K" Kosher Organization.
Sick sick sick!
They can learn a lot about #music at that age too!
Productive practice tonight...pretty much have a new original, and can you say, "Medley"?
Very interesting talk Phil Long expert in learning spaces at
haha that hurts!!!!
sum1s flooding early!!
did someone just remember they don't have odom, fish, Phil ....or Artest? ;)
The "person" has a twitter now too..?
ya Madison called me a good dancer
emotional consciousness = feelings & values; trust; EQ (Goldman); crucial conversations; self & others awareness
<-----Be the first to name this guy and win a
lemme get a RT tho. Come on with it bro
#PerfectGuyForMeIs Brian Boyle
This has been the longest I've watched BET
untrue! he will be effing CHARMED.
I'm not surprised though he's good at hiding it. Alex will be a good manager after this show lol
The loss in employment in sales, service and manufacturing out way the remaining balance.
we wanna reach the 100 today. can we do that? i think so. this is a brandnew account and i'm amazed that we get so many followers
May 16 is the Next Step Breakfast! RSVP today for a free and delicious chance to learn more about the Next Step Program!...
90% of my wardrobe is my favorite bands t-shirts. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Guilty. RT : Oh god yes. RT : record # of Pack fans just clicked that Twitpic link
lol! Nah no dreads Trin! He did grow it out... I think he has some ugly ass plats in once!
what exactly is 'it'?
Who killed chivalry???????
RT if you would wanna hear some more screamin' out of ! He's too beastie of a screamer to keep quiet! :D
I don't think people understand how difficult it is to only have 4 team turnovers if Russell Westbrook is your starting PG.
is it cute? Tweet me a picture!!!!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Oh man, pick and choose wisely.
Damn #celtics cut it close but the Garden was ROCKIN tonight! Gonna need that at the arena Monday eh Las Vegas?
11/15/2010 Babson College Forum on Entrepreneurship and Innovation: Crash Course for Entrepreneurs BostInnovation
this makes me feel so old..
it means i'm lucky.
Which is more affective/painful, the Cunt Punt or the Titty Twister? I wanna beat someone up tonight & need to plan my footwear accordingly.
LilTunchi in Hawaii :P
oh, glitter queen says use mica. it's natural, though i don't know where it comes from. (i should google that!)
Opportunity will coming knocking on your door. It won't pick the lock though if you were waiting to answer.
What feature can you not live without on your cell phone?
I have a few times, but nothing on the books at the moment...
.how ever the fuck you spell it! Flamin' hot Funyuns are the shit !
MediaPost: Restaurant Locations Down, But Sales Up
Mornin' sir! :) Hope you have an amazing day!
just trying to keep me head above water =)
Gotta get dis nut off...#Help me out
Does Willie Bobo get a contract too? Seriously, congrats on the new digs.
Ap euro test today
Guys...$52 for a 20 min can ride. Just because my destination is an airport!?!?!
Going to Anaheim for a business conference in two weeks. Staying at Disney's Paradise Pier Resort. Very excited!
We're excited at Oklahoma Home Repair! Redoing our website with a new focus. It will be done very soon so stay tuned!
Interesting articles by ex & current football pros in papers today-all with open minds about using healers & alt methods 4 injury recovery
great week this week , got a bite from a major label will know more this week will, let all people know whats going on. Real good news!!!
Wolf Pack fans invaded San Francisco!
Watching Regis and Kelly.
I sec tech problem .. Fixit it for you now! :)
Watches To Match Your Prom Dresses
I packed 2 luggages in less than an hour.
#WordPress #Tools Bloggersnap – Allow your visitors to take a webcam shot and post it to your blog.
we fish if the weathers nice and if we all aren't busy
FITzees, we're still working on #snack ideas! Keep 'em coming; we're loving your input!
Today's #Pricing Tip: Look at customers online shopping patterns- create diff't price lines based on how much customer will be willing 2 pay
Which image(s) and what sort of school?
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep? She reads them pig tales.
Tomorrow is Day 4 and the last day of from 11-6pm, bring EVERYONE you know and help knock this Flatstock out of the park!!
Pet food commercials, you are getting out of control.
Thanks for the tip! Looks like it's time for me to set up some RSS feeds...
Ah! That's awesome! Congrats, Dave!!
when are we doing yoga..?
Do interactive extras in etextbooks contribute to learning or distract from it?
thanks for an amazing time last night. Carley is very lucky to have great friends like you!
I sent you a text the other day. You never responded. Not cool.
is rocking it! Do you believe a year ago we sat down with in a Starbucks chatting about his endeavor?
Episode 388 - Watching with Lorraine Cink! Reviews: Conan The Barbarian Vol 3 #1, Mondo #1, No Place Like Home #1 Jimmy is joined in stud
what a brilliant thing for an airline to have something like . I hope they find them miracle fast!
We're working on it! By summer/early fall, we will have the app, daily emails and website in Spanish. I'll announce here! Thx4askin
seems like they should keep that stuff locked up.
whats good bro?
I had a convo about the biz, and someone who knows you raved about how good of a guy you are! So good to hear!
The website is getting a makeover! Launching soon!
where are u by?
Ha! I'm so out of fashion (and semi-fashion) that I had to look that one up. Now if it were REI or North Face...
Omg thank u made my week
I think I've outgrown Idol. I only like - I would buy his music.
3 years working nights was enough for me. Avi Selk can handle.
Too many jokes today lmao
Working on a film. I want to do a silent film too. I will make it happen!
Thanks to the great volunteers from SunTrust, St. Paul's Baptist Church, and Virginia Union University yesterday at 's
: Please follow me back so I can DM you for the #cfasanjose prize. Thanks!!
I have ben a fan of your since 90's My first love name was Marina and like you she was beautiful.blessings to you andfamily!
Skrillex sucks. There, I said it.
Happy Valentines Day! RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I've been watching since the beginning, and every episode was worth watching. Congrats on 100!
So much for the revenge rematch in the NFC Championship game.
Espys tomorrow night all star game tonight don't forget
If Twitter is a gun, that Ahcee Flores is now a rotten meat.
Did u try it? RT : hazelnut spread, banana, bacon on buttered bread.... O_O doesnt sound too good
what color are alien's eyes usually?
when you coming to San Diego again
I caught that a year ago. Real bad. Takes a lot of alcohol. - But its gone now!
My new favorite blog takes on the Newbery past and present, while referencing AC/DC.
Yea boy! Hot & Spicy #Cheezits and a ice cold brew for me #yadig!
I miss them too Lily, more than you can imagine..
she lights up rooms! RT : Your pictures are killing me! I hope you're having as fantastic a time as I think you are!
I'm laying down now lol and I'm really tired haha
#ThingsPeopleWithRatchetBlackberrysSay RT : Just because you have an iPhone don't mean you classy.
I need to drink some red bull for my job. I was chased down by lil kids & I think one of them gave me cold :(
make sure you and your Clifton friends stay away from that OVI checkpoint tonight!
lol...good times! I hope everything goes well for you. :)
you know you've done mad cardio when your underwear is absolutely SOAKING wet and everything else. <3
Mick and we can say nigga on twitter dude.. you so disrespectful.
Wow. Work on the Rec Center in Clifton Park is underway finally.
Sleep I want you!
I think I should do some porn again.
Judging a panel coming off of being very sick. Startup life? Wouldn't have missed it for the world, though. #women2 Great event!
Thanks, I'll follow back. Nice to meet you!!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe haters,bitchy people,singing loudly and screechy,bugs,pain,snobs,slow Internet,ignorance,criticism,and DoratheExplorer
#AintNothingLike getting no warning and then all of the sudden "You have used up all of your Unemployment benefits." Oh great! Now what?
RT : #orioles have struck out 15 times and hit into 6 DPs. Wieters with 2-out double in 15th. Chris Davis is up!
Father of Marine Lance Cpl Zach Smith speaking with Bob Lonsberry about the name on Post Office issue. A petition is online.
steph and tyree dougie video got me in tears right now
oh really!! so no longer a virgin! good good lol yeh ive moved here :)
It's officially time to start worrying. When they should be playing better, they just aren't-in every phase
Argh.....If the Broncos dont get Turbin i am gonna be PISSED!!!!!
“Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war.” Dr. Maria Montessori
- first, congrats on the new gig. Second, your name came up in a convo last night. Third, beer next week?
I cannot resume my game. My saves vanished. How?
Bad To The Bone .
haha yea and I promised you that like a long time ago remember :P lol
Coffee.. at least I could walk faster if I ran out of gas.
#ThingsMyExSaid I wont do it again
waah sore throat :/
No never! I'm sure I'll become obsessed.
Did u know? POC was the 1st guard 2 use a tarp @ WGI (1986-Star Trek ) this year we're setting trends again! 'Summer of love' = tarp free!
12uMajor big texas cool down brackets are up on turntwo.og
THX 2 everyone @ Chi Arch Club + + the panelists & winners of #UnComp who made Build On a Success!
When people think I'm 17, max<<<<<
when your last tweet was not a you tube video, I became significantly less interested.
I want to be your faite hello, and your hardest goodbye.
Tomorrow we are throwing down for the music industry folk. Oak tavern. 10 pm.
I just ate real gud, now I'm getting sleepy smh
you've guys gone so far and tht's great for ur career congrats. Hope u guys have fun and enjoy the states on ur tour!Visit VA
I love tht song :)))
don't you darn?
College softball(:
good morining everyone and HAPPY VALENTINES <3 in the air today
steak knives
Good morning Colorado friends! Grab a McCafé Frappé this morning on your way to work/school, it's sure to make you happé!
Belated congrats man! Couldn't have happened to a better person...you're well on your way!
Frankies now carries ice cold beer! Come check out our variety of Lakefront beers and Miller lite!
If you enjoy the arts, come see "Violet Sharp"; if you don't enjoy the arts, I hear there's a Katy Perry concert tonight...decide wisely...
have fun walking home bitch.
i puked so much last night
The Atlantic Bank United center is krunk right now!
when is in her 30s she's going to live in a hogan with no running water or electricity
or ya know. Just keep retweeting and NOT replying. I understand. Not really though.
Busy busy day today, not gettin home till after ten. Do people not understand its my spring break?? LEAVE ME ALONE!
Finna watch Poetic Justice #greatmovie & good actors.
on the last day of 8th grade I was the only girl not crying & reminding everyone that we'd be at the same HS
Thanks sounds good!
With the rising of the sun, creation speaks. Without words, the moon and stars tell of God's great works. Let us join the heavens in praise.
Look out for a new #OMGsocialmedia blog post tonight on #escaperoutes!
I feel SUPER old.
meeting great people and learning new things at
im not sure yet, probably like sunday
oh don't think that. I enjoyed it - just timing was bad. I would def do it again but not running to do it.
yeah her gma died funeral is saturday. So I'm spending time with her. If we end up at the buff I'm not holdin back!
haha this is awesome
Home I left my damn charger in my car across the street -_- gotta go get it its dark
Thanks Sarah!
Following 's Tweets from sendoff was as good as watching on TV. Everyone should follow.
If the winner of the #Devils #Panthers has to play against who really 'wins' tonight?
This is insane.
At the house laying low key watching my steelers play.. Come on steelers u know u can do it.. Halla
Ok... Who's sleeping with Pau's girlfriend this time??? This is brutal.
I hope that wasn't directed at me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
thank you!
Planning on seeing another couple Peter Watkins films "Gladiators" and "The Diary of an Unknown Soldier"
wow 2days goin to be fun pushing carts
I am working 12 out of the next 13 days and then headed back to Oklahoma for a little rest. Ready for some fresh air and open spaces!
u are something else:-) :-)
Mulholland summer juggle: 2 self-employed parents and one 14-yr-old who needs to be occupied = great opportunity for improved independence.
L.A. wields its extra-planetary power judiciously. Still, Mercury should be careful. Don't think we won't do it again...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 66
Stop tweeting about
Isn't that the place that Michael of took over? If so, I'm looking forward to trying it out one day soon.
I'm soo happy when I see someone following me who is legit. What's up with all the porn tweets? Do I have to change a setting or something?
you guessed right! d;
wow jst getting ready for school love and hahahahahah aiit lol x and wat yhu do for a living babe
don't you just hate essays
Yeah you probably don't but I'll let it slide. It's just a game your still my bro
thnx for follow, back atcha. Have a good one!
Glad I didn't take my cousin up on those Orange Bowl tickets. This game is sad.
just do it
Loved #mw2012 intro to San Diego air & space museum - amazing A-12 titanium spy plane.
Its the first time ever that he had girl dancers in his performance. I wonder if he will bring them on tour with him? sexy af.
70 degrees at 2 PM in Central Park. Even a touch warmer than expected. Enjoy the afternoon! We haven't been this warm since last November!
So awesome to be here with so many amazing filmmakers Wonder Women doc just won TAA grant #tff Tribeca Film Festival winding up
Thank you for following us :D xoxo
big day every day
Im the satanic hispanic damg!
#Embarrassing RT : Washington's two other road wins this year: Charlotte and Detroit.
MY BAD
just boil IMHO. We only purge crabs b/c of the sand in their mouths that isn't a problem w craw.
Um, breath taking view in #Seattle this morning.
Work day is almost over! Head on over to TK for Wing Night! .25c wings? I'll drink to that!
Picked Honig 08 Cabernet to complement a steak dinner with clients, which was met with very positive reviews! Score
promises promises made and broken!
I blame the Royals. When they were losing, we were winning. Royals 4-0 tonight.
Go get'em D!
So funny to hear a lie when you know the truth!
Sorry to hear about your fender bender! Good news is now in LA! Get your car fixed w/o leaving your house.
Now I remember why I stopped going to the bar
Ilithyia's secret will be exposed, hence the scene where she is a hot mess on the ground!:( Someone will definitely be killed!
If I keep working out like I have been, I may have a shot at becoming a barbarian warrior in the larper community
best video ever.
“We are entering a golden age of digital long form” with tablets & e-readers, says Slate’s
Too...many....commercials!!!!
One of these years I am going to run the Flying Pig. For real.
consider us attended.
Yesterday was effin' crazy. Learned my lease won't be renewed, GF got 2 job offers, the Doc wants me to change meds, and I lost my keys.
Up early to do some educational outreach in Minneapolis this morning. The kids always give us energy!
Ah that's horrible! Adele is beautiful just the way she is.
When you say Wisconsin, you've said it all!
#masseffect3 looks incredible. Great game last night
At Teambuilding for Supervisors with Looking forward to a great session!
Come visit me while I man the desk at Champion Contemporary (8th and Brazos) until 6:00 today!
Glad to be home. Can't wait to sleep.
Fiesta withdrawal? We open at 9 AM - come get your hot air balloon fix! Check out our new exhibit Fun and Game in Ballooning.
They make sure 2 keep me on my game!!! ;) RT : it's nice to be called out by Nike Loooooooooool
There is not one thing China is now doing that America is not doing in principle (media censorship, oppression of dissident voices
Why you gotta be so mean ?
#FF a fresh, smart online magazine for African Diaspora news/politics/ideas
Afternoon break question: Do you wash your car or let the car wash do it?
I'm lowkey geeked to be going back two his crib tonight. I getta see GABE!!!
I'm curious to know who's at Ari's party right now. :]
Both true and LOLworthy. Yet the interview (and book) is about, y'know, the iPhone. Damn elitist media/academic publishing.
is your show a reality show?
Just offered a brand new blanket to a homeless guy. He declined and asked if I had any cash for him instead.
Sam round 1
Watching the movie Adventureland this afternoon, which just so happens to feature my beautifully talented friend
Hahahaha! Got it now… I thought you were using some new monitoring app or something ;)
Glad to hear, that is one of our fave drinks on the list too.
lol they'd never let u :/
God is a seriously cool dude
Honey badger don't care? Well I don't give a FUCK....beat that honey badger
I'll be at 's session today & will be at conf all day today & thru closing luncheon tomorrow.
Not if you feed him well.
So grateful to have people in my life who continue to challenge and encourage me...They give me such motivation to rise to the occasion!!
RT : “: What's your fave album? #RIPMCA”. Check Your Head
Those around me that support the success I pursue, will be those that benefit from it.
For you. Not the citizens. I want Detroit to succeed, my dad grew up there. Cal has no money and is drowning in debt.
that happens to me all the time. and with Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday too. ;)
Come pick up Soma tickets from me if you want to see play on Saturday :)
I just realized that last night me & had the longest conversation we've had with each other. Kinda nice :) thanks Cassy<3
RT " everytime you nudge me in draw something i make you wait longer #patience" Agreed. The mona lisa wasnt made in a day
My friend keeps threatening me that he's going to get me a puppy. He would actually get it. hah oh boy.
its like a cigarette in the mouth, or a handshake in the doorway... I look at you and smile cause I'm fine
Will be doing PA for Kettle Moraine football this year. Excited to do it again after a little break.
So is #Linsanity officially a permanent trending topic now?
Hi. Playing TONIGHT at Jovita's. 10pm. Christmas music and jazz standards to gear you for for the Swan Dive's Winter Ball on Friday!
Praying for the Greenland NH PD after this horrible tragedy.
ya bro... at least im not cooped up in a van all day.
Chrysler 2 minute Superbowl spot best in game so far, regardless of where you live. But I live in Detroit!
S/O to my new followers
Good Reminder!!! RT If you can, text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to Japan’s emergency relief, a little goes a long way.
I seriously need a job soon so i can move to nyc already
I just signed up for the Warrior Dash in July. I've never done ANYTHING like this - should be fun way to get out of my comfort zone.
Oh my gosh, I did Spain 2 summers ago and Barcelona was my FAV. I'm so jealous. And I'm half Russian, so that is on my list!
YEAH BUDDY IM JAMMIN 2 THA FOO FIGHTERS...XD I LOVE THAT BAND!! IM A ROCK -N- ROLL CHICK UP NEXT THE BEATLES -HERE COMES THE SUN <3
I order a pizza and slam that ass!!
Omg #HOLYTALETO is trending!!! Holy Taleto!!
So Girl Wat Cha Singing For ?
Trying to clean before a UT student comes to my house to interview me about Barbie collecting. Got the Dream Pool in the doll room.
Fear of the unknown cripples the mind of those that have no faith in the known!
love you too. <3 so can we talk to Carson now?!
RT : Hearing a lot of people say ‘apps’ when they really mean ‘sites’. We really need to get this basic distinction right.
bro, sign with the ducks already
Prefilled description. Also, Pinterest has been slow/down several times for me.
OMG I would not be left in the dark with Minaj. #StrangeVoices Ha.
Jessica doesn't even sound 16...wow
i haven't told u my theory that Gosling's character is essentially a car/robot, metaphorically speaking?
Yay I finally got my dream catcher belly ring :')
The Silk Tie likes Ghazi! thesilktie.com?
the movies off ... You guys can go if you want to ! I'm just going to stay home !
Donna: I just saw Shame last night!!! Loved it!! Have u seen it
“: Idc who you are, if you talk about my mom; You will get dropped.”
okay what the heck i don't know what you're talking about but something happened today and i was thinking the same thing so
Finished my lesson plan while listening to 50 Cent. Don't judge me!
boss ya life up
I am waiting for someone to like me
Final tweet of the night for me...Umm...A. Rodgers is pretty good
Changed my flight from 530 to 430. Paid $50. Flight delayed to 530.
Seems like this Jacksonville or New York decision that Tebow gets to make is a no brainer. Go where you're wanted and can start.
Bored in school!!
more excitement and action in tennis.. IMO
Great start
I'll be at the Ben and Jerry's at 11 am. Come on down and say hello.
cool.. What kind?
I seriously think should do a contest a Wristband give away..
cheer up!!!
We were actually already following you! Follow us back. we feature your tile often, if you want to share =)
talk to Anna make it sound like the best thing ever cause like it is
Remember Google Drive?
That's what I was initially planning on doing. A lot of votes for TNG then DS9.
RT ": #SchoolMemories meeting wit her big bright smile =)" awh ! <U+E057>
I LOVE it!! You bet!
me. too. He's so perfect.
Other guy says "I know! I cant wait to pose him!" Made my day.
Noemi won't wake up -.-
I feel so close to you right now, its a force field.(;
Why do I always pick the wrong guys :(
You have to go to your order history. Kinda loads.
that just made my heart drop
We'll be gentle...
Congratulations to the #USC Class of 2012. The world is your classroom. Never stop learning!
Kindle Edition? Will it come to iBookstore? I would love to buy a thousand.
Recording Begins. Gn.
Do you use QR tags?
I can't stop watching mikey and nick rapping<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> I love there voices
Oh, it is going to *storm* tonight!
My OR Books counterpart in the UK --> RT I just had lunch with Julian Assange. Lovely guy.
amazing ustream like always !! Loved you but can you please tell me Andrews twitter and follow me please would make my day <3
We all use to meet up and have parties now we meet up to have weddings.
adding some Health 2.0 magic to the #dctech crowd!
RT: #Gemini pride themselves on not being needy, they enjoy being independent>>
Never in my life thought I'd say I'm working on custom pillowcases that are bad ass, but I am. And they are. Punk as fuck...
sometimes i wonder who the fuck i am.
Niggas really be sleep in on wake up!
Have you ever gotten a message that made you feel like you said or did something wrong?
You give me that humming bird heartbeat ;3
And when the remaining characters finally die!! Especially the video camera guy, he deserved it! Muahahahaa
Love when Bud Selig says that "baseball is as popular as ever been" . Dude needs to take a look at the Camden Yards right now
O so mad right now, try it sometime? Boils my blood.
Happy Friday! Happy tweeting!
Yummy Salsa!!! #lovesummertime!
yes! I'm finally not working so I can play!
damn y i just see this commercial where an old white lady shoppin for depends diapers.....
<U+E32D>BLACK VEIL BRIDES<U+E32D>
Twitter might have a meltdown today between the Peyton Manning news and the announcement of the iPad 3.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Now you're just trying to make me blush! ;) RT Listening to #Pyromanic by in the gym!
": Bertuzzi scores in the shootout and the Blues fall 3-2. #stlblues"- Hopefully the Blues have better luck in the playoffs!
a great beer best consumed in the company of great friends.
Buenos Dias ! Un bañito y pa la street ! :-)
ohh i love that ^^ its okay..here chillin watching :)
i love you, COME TO HOUSTON SWAGKING. so we can meet, and share a hug with a thug.<3
Never fails, if I try to watch one episode, I watch 8. You just can't stop at one! #AmericanPickers is the new #CSI for me
ridin on chrome
the tech people in our schools are becoming the leaders of 21st century pedagogy
-- thanks for following.
Seattle must be the land of clean cars... It rains... Then it's sunny... Then more rain!
Peeps have horrible posture.
Happy B Day DeVon!
Lololol at what just happened to and hahahaha
McCormick Screening Room is located in Humanities Gateway 1070. No food or drinks allowed. This talk is being recorded.
they don't know. Then again, some of us have had to come much farther than others
oh raspberry sorbet, the things you do to me
If you buy all your shit there, then I'll let that one slide.
. What if every hospital had at least 50% of its directory constituted by patients?
#thingsImissabouthighschool graduation night <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Beautiful day in Cincy and our BRUNCH is ON!!! hurry up, we are open till 2!
After hearing about my successful maiden guest lecture voyage, Dad said "Welcome to the family business."
Home finally! Haha training went well tonight than went to the gym for my last sessions of the day! All went pretty well! Night everyone!
what?!? Rihanna!
going on vacation? Going to cancun Monday
HAML looks funky but allows for crafting HTML with a lot less typing. Also no need to close tags!
185 emails in my inbox... Sometimes the "Reply All" button just needs to die.
One of these days sir... you'll realize that your calling is to be the modern day Gordon Lightfoot.
Happy New Year to all. I can't remember when more people looked forward to the end of a specific year.
Love That Movie hah(:, Please Follow Me Giys I Love You!(:
had an awesome day. the tailgating was great. the hotdogs were great. the seats were great. the game was great. the outcome was terrible.
"He can really rebound. He's really long, he's really strong." Brad Stevens on Roosevelt Jones.
Loyola came to play man!!!!!! Watch out Ohio State. It's early but man Loyola is hustling
My concerns exactly. rebranding is good, but we are NOT IT as a profession. Its much more than just tech
have you gotten one yet?
Looks like I've got Oz then Ganzi or Puzzle then another gosu after that and then I'm in the top 24! Easy :)
So raise your glass if you are wrong.
just had some the other night. Good times.
Thank you so much for answering me : )
her name is always china
ah.. im in tears!!
Professors should give everyone a 15% increase on their students exam grades post-national championship.
I'm down homie.. I do graphics and photography too..
spending all day on twitter because you don't wanna miss anything austin does.
you two may get along: " I don't have kids. I have shoes and I just want to make sure they're okay."
you and I both..although you actually don't need to..so shush
When Tracy McGrady and Allen Iverson were relevant... lol
Thanks for the mention!
They too worried about another bitch, you'll never catch me going through another female's phone
Making my mom breakfast before she wakes up!
If there was a <U+2601> higher than 9, I would definitely be on it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
« Keep singing All I Do-B5 for some reason»
is Outlook down?
Oh pewp! I didn't know that. Well, get Internet then so we can #misfits marathon one day!
seriously, you just finished a 50k and your worried about dropping 6lbs?
Really needed to study a little bit but oh well!
Loving someone more than yourself is #never a good thing.
“: #Tebow - I guess Tebow will have to settle for just winning football games. That's still the point right?
lol yea that's my new career Licensed Cosmetologist!
Thanks, for voting for us for #mc2012, we appreciate it!
Harvard is doing some terrific things for a medieval institution lol self-serve augmented reality sounds doable
The only person I want to talk to right now is you, and you haven't said one word to me all day.
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs. If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
Come see us play a ton of new unreleased tracks October 28th at the final show
says cars haven't moved in at least 90 min. Is that in Eagle River Loop area?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys:)
sunny and windy out today...
Shoots. Just saw this. Twitter app is all like 'no I won't tell you about your mentions' anymore. I was in Ballard getting Phö.
"LIS hegemony" - that's a new one on me!
Next Alternative announced that they have entered into a contract with Ontario-based Canamet Resources. N4H.DE
The new mouse is a fingertip
Thank you for the shoutout Jelani :)
Im excited for the June Brewers draft. Lame.
Making it movie night with my lady!!
“Tremendous. Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history.” this can't be true right?
Don't worry, we've already got out mind on it too!
Gahhh I hate school so much
kudos to you Bash! I have no words to say because that's class act right there!
LMAOO! YOU GUYS ARE CRAZY!:]
Any fun plans for the week?
Look out for Basia Diaries tomm
I hate the black people on twitter because they think theyre so cool and "nigga" and #teamtatted is so cool. It's stupid get a life losers
you crazy runner girl, you! rock it!
im in such a good mood,!!(:
that wasn't about u.
The Occupy Portland Movement is crazy!
The First Tote Board Total = $28,385
A combination of like 8 different things all annoyed me at once tho.
If only the places I needed to go were open right now.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
both of you are invited to my office for a face-to-face. Monday work?
"People do not lack strength; they lack will." Hugo
Great to see have active you are! sent you info on our latest product yesterday. Feel free to let me know your thoughts
Crocus! I see crocus in my yard!!!!
Wondering what the US medical library world will be like when the inevitable single-payer health system arrives.
You are so dead on with Ellis. His motivations make zero sense. He's annoying and unlikable... everything is wrong with him.
How have u been sweet lady?
Great American Smokeout on Saturday, from 9 a.m. Smoke free America's mission is to motivate youth to stay tobacco free, or smokers to quit
Thanks for RTing!
Archival footage & background info on L.A.'s African American community & their relationship with the police.
Easy...the before is amazing, love the kitchen. The after looks cold and contemporary. I wish more would restovate, not gut.
WoW I feel kinda ashamed that Mikey Cant tell us if he has a GF or not Like is that what ppl really do with hate that Mikey doesnt Trust us
Thanks Kristin! “: you're the best principal ever :)”
Morning and #FF to
I had a bite of my sister's maple brown sugar granola bar... and it was TOO sweet! hjgfyjgdwtpjh
Steelers Guy
i watched gavin's too. because im kinda of in love with him.
Same shit, different bitch.
#Sandusky feel passionately about this case and Sandusky's interview? Why would he talk? Hear my take on it tonight at 7:30 on
#Mac.Lingo: INFECTION; AVOID DE UNHAPPY ND UNLUKCCY
you know she won't respond...
they lost they mind! They need to be smacked for that. That's just fucking crazy.
That was fun! RT : Filling in for will talk secret service, jeb bush & joe manchin w ,
What's up with Brian Wilson's beard? It looks like a novelty toy. I think he is screwing with the Braves' hitters.
Thank you for stopping in!
Enjoying the warmer weather today.
follow me on Instagram.. :)
Which Shows You Talking About.?
glad to help Tom :)
Nice retweet, bro
NEED SOME STUDIO TIME, BEAT/VIDEO PRODUCTION, GRAFIC DESIGN, CD DUPLICATION CALL 619-487-9948 SPECIAL PACKAGE DEALS AVAILABLE!!!
For me it started with trying to understand my allergies and why my face swells after drinking certain beers and wines, but not all.
Nope, sorry!
You know when you stub your toe and you think it's broken while you scream and make a weird ouchy face.
6 more months until i'm 20
Don't ask me why I'm watching the #TSN broadcast still, but the jealousy of those guys towards #Phoenix is SO FREAKING GREAT.
I agree with Joel Courtney!! ;) I'd pick him!!
Chapman walked two batters in a row. He sucks. Send him back to Louisville.
I know u can't let no one cheat u..BUT U WAITING IN LONE ON FRONT IF ME FOR TWENTY FUCKING CENTS??? #Argh!!! #IHateYouSoMuchRightNow!!
more so wondering which institution chose to advertise this way. it's odd.
I feel like I am in college again. Life is open before me and full of promise. This has been an amazing year so far; I feel truly blessed.
old lady told me to pull my pants up.......Shut up hoe im swaggin
wow! just used #TOOTHPASTE to get #PERMANENT #MARKER off my mom's wood table! now who in the heck would have thought of that?
Never knew that chewing on a piece of ice would mess my braces up. Oops.
2nd gen. Romantic poets own hard.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKEY HOPE IT'S A SPIKEY GOOD ONE ;D
"boy you can say anything you wanna, I don't give a shh! no one else can have ya, I want you back, I want you back, want you want you back!"
My dinosaur has gone from eating my snickerdoodles to eating my friends graduation cake
Im going to the Wendy Williams Show next week thursday & Im going to be wearing the sexy ass dress my boyfriend bought for me. ^__^
REMINDER: Board Meeting May 12 @ 6pm at Mayfair Mall
Fixed Operations Director - The Ewald Automotive Group is creating a new position! The individual we seek will have multiple years experi…
Waiting for to come get mehhhh c:
Check out the My Band page to the left. Our EP is there, tell us what you think.
It's annoying! Am I right? :-D
You were fantastic in show, saw it Friday night. Congrats.
do you guys ever stop hiring?
it was over the top before tested it for me!
thanks Lori!
Aaron is a dumb bitch I am not DFMC ... Not even in a million years dude
Off to the Mission Bay Networking meeting then to a photo shoot for an El Cajon flip.
Okay. Coffee time on a sunny Seattle Saturday. Later folks!
Flavor of the week- mango sorbet. Refreshing!
there is a woman calling the illini game on espn2. nice.
mark of a good pizza is whether or not its good for leftovers ;) Glad you enjoyed!
No, thank YOU! Your inspiration and light have touched us all!
Hear that the radio broadcast booth is at the 20 yd ln...that aside, stadium is FANtastic!
Just watched The Yearbooks "Season of Love" video on HDNet! Who's recording that shit?
rape me.
lol thank you :)
Who's Still Standing is a cheesy game show with too much repetition. Only mildly entertaining.
tickets up for grabs today before 6pm. Listen for the cue to win!!
It's okay, Tom Brady, you're still gorgeous & married to a gorgeous Gisele. Who needs a #SuperBowl XLVI ring?! #NYG have it. I heart NY!
They're gonna need it!!! You trying to fade the game or what?
J&B'S Tavern this sat and the WEBN fireworks sun. Busy weekend for Specyphi.
Not so fast, Met's pitcher Johan Santana may not need reconstructive elbow surgery
bill millers is awsome... love there tea...
Thanks for the RT babe ;P
Is there an app that keeps babies from putting ipads in their mouths?
The expression on her face said it all! RT : And..I think Elisabeth almost cried when Suzie 'endorsed' President Obama
btw. i've never seen a picture of you.
Seems like a no-brainer then, but where will they play while an arena is built?
im good... expecting my first child
nope we're still friends lmao:p
Each dayy w/ out youu gets a little easier .. :)
hey lady!!! How's things?
follow me doh
Tonight!! 930pm! Comedy Store! On Sunset! Exclamation point!!!
all that said, blks (by and large) do vote against their own interests when they support gay marriage bans.
sounds tasty
THESE CITIES ARE ON IT --> WBHJ_FM Birmingham Al, WFXA_FM Augusta GA, WGCI_FM Chicago, WOWI_FM Norfolk, WiBB Macon Ga
GOW would survive on da ps3 but everybody died on HALO right?
Thanks for the RT!
RT : That noise you hear is everything being awesome all at once. Brace yourself, it's about to get louder.
I fear change.
hope all is well in your life!
Amy Freeze is now following me on twitter
but what if he just wants to cuddle?! OR he could direct me towards the spotted tiger I've always wanted...
We hope so too! RT : - I hope to make it back to Balboa Park to see you again!
I Go All Out On Everything I Do... I cant stress this enough <U+266B> $ <U+2665>
Rebel America Inc lands instrumental placement for Disney's D23 Expo 2011: "Living the Magic"
excited to work with the Mansfield Symphony this week!
#humanelement RT : Umpires who stare down players should be shot.
My ex ex for my number and drunk dialed me 13 times & left me a voicemails
was in town for press stuff for a measly 24 hours. Hoping to come back soon
do you like , too? Jk. The e*trade commercials are cute.
One of the biggest days of my life so far. Freakin' out just a little bit.
People honestly humor me with their problems. if you are skinny, getting good grades have friends&no family issues wtf is wrong w. ur life
Didn't pay my phone. There goes my phone calls and mobile internet. I'm stuck with only texting for now.
y do ppl always feel the need to talk about there signs (horoscopes) idgaf
Picking up my wifey shoes and boots
I totally think Maks sleeps with every single one of his celeb dance partners.
Queens. Park. Rangers. Wow.
Much love to the homie Back to work! Lol Hope all is well.
she's not what
“: jamming to tempted to touch . Ctfu .” lmao yes I am! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Chocolate covered fruits are very popular already
# known fact white boys don't last more than 10min in the bed
don't count them. They double <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying Slow drivers"!
Calculated evil. “: Ferrandino: "It's been proven that if the spkr has his way, it won't be heard tonight" #coleg #civilunions”
Not surprising. Kreuz Market is one of the most famous BBQ joints in the world. Over 100 yrs old.
Baby those sure were the days, now I'm second guessing.
nah! it'll extend the holiday for him another week! sometimes we don't get all of our delivery guys until after...
I got a dress for church, 8th grade graduation and just a random dress they are sexy
well that's a nice time to go to bed :P
Big ups to The BeatServer, RadioEditAV , Michal Menert and crew.. you guys killed it last night, one for the book's !
Absolutely agree. Great article. Thanks for sharing!
if you ever become famous, you will be like: my best friend is "tatiana tarabulski" :D I'll do the same for you!:) <3333
thanks for the follow!
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD UP LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED
post draft meeting
I feel sick and its my birthday :( worst day ever!
shed more jobs than the entire state of #Virginia since the downturn bit.ly/wfr80V
Con FUNK Shun- Got To Be Enough: via
thank you Irene, have a nice day
is looking for Antenna Test Engineers in the Atlanta area.
When me and my friend where on the computers, she actually turned around to check the clock WHEN THERES A FREAKIN DIGITAL TIME IN FRONT.
VEROniCUN will lie for me 2! sHE hateS that NOrma & wants me there as a BLOCKer. She don't REALLY for REALS like me it politics!
Okay good :) Just remember, drama is like someone talking about your mamma. You don't let it happen!
its like a new high there's no resistance who argues with success?
Follow me little homie, I do it like a
X-Factor has a hit on their hands, I really dig that show; Grace check it out
ON MY WAY TO HOLLYWOOD!!
yay week off! time to party like a betch! <3
WHEEN? OMG I NEED TO GO!
slight headache ugh!
HAHAHAHA ow RT : The average sized #coffee cup holds 8oz – is that enough for you?
I was wondering if it was too loud for your 4 year old. The theater I visited actually blew out its speakers.
k bye
Lol, yes, of course that was what I was thinking.
I can dig it haha
I will be missing edcampNYC. Gotta work that day. I will see you in Philly?
It was fantastic, a must see! RT Bet u looked smashing. Thanks for coming to the show! Hope u enjoyed it :)
Am feeling lots of warm fuzzy feelings for the people I work with. So much talent and good will overfloweth.
Just had lunch at Mannas in Harlem and I'm full!
let's be honest, was she ever even an actress?
Southtown being closed <<<<<<<
that is so fetch
Wishing for chocolate cheesecake #cakepops and cocoa
I got me a jobby! I GOT ME A JOBBY!!!!!! LOL!
Bitch I have an IPHONE I can tell whether or not you're reading my messages. And it says you have now reply -_-
it's OU all the way bro there's no argument about that
i Wanna Talk To u I Miss Ur Koolaid Head Self(: Lol
Weeks hit that on a rope!
How can I get a signed copy?!?!?!?
It's #SoCold outside that I saw a coupe of #gangsters walking with their pants up!
Im full of it , damn I didnt know that ; ^_^ tuff
RT : #Libras invent new ways to achieve the so called "impossible".
Kelsey Barlow can't be denied.. Top ten his destination.
Finally received my EAD card! I can't believe it's finally here! I guess being pro-active helps!
Great day today! Made muffins and banana bread. Then played at the park.
Hi Nick! Just checking in to see if you received our email, or if I should resend. Let me know! :)
The only reason why you're not taking it to court is because its a lie,stop lying.
at #pii2012: we are seeing "the shift from attribute-based identity to relationship-based identity" -- totally agree.
Today, my brother graduates with a bachelor's in mechanical engineering & will be pursuing his master's in nuclear this fall. SO PROUD. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><U+2764>
Monterey County Safeway Worker Suspended After Stopping Assault via CBS San Francisco... :o Safeway know they play 2 much. Smh
very true, last time I checked there's other places to get coffee besides starbucks
Just in case, I did sign up for a #HawaiianAirlines mileage card. :)
ahw so cute, your background. Little Austin!!<U+2665> Can you send that picture to me? :$ x
“So today I saw Git explained with Tinkertoys, and I think I "git" it now! #sorryihadto seriously, genius idea! #barcamporlando”
omg!! thats at build-a-bear!!!! ahhahaa
thx maggie! RT : Always ready to support :) Hope to see you later this week!
rap battle?
and there's a face!
Late night end of session and the joys that come with it. Good times.
thanks for the RT! Hope to get more lamb pictures.
I need to get away for awhile,
#IHateCollege when I wash my clothes and come down 30 minutes later to see "unbalanced-25 minutes left"
dont talk to me
I see you Fb doing it BIG! I'm so happy for you
Thanks for the support homie!! Spread the word.
Data and analytics should be more democratic. Sean Harper from feefighters
Happy Birthday<3
There is only one thing in life worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. - Oscar Wilde
Hell, that CD IS good *not a Brit*
Ortho...last appt before I get my braces off!
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, all in Round Two of the Finals. The match is even.
My mom is laughing because she sliced her thumb on a knife earlier, and now we're watching Derek's hand get obliterated.
burned 246 calories doing 30 minutes of "Tennis, general"
that's just my dad...my moms in south Florida eating Chinese and going to a movie later
Anahita Williamson, director of #NYSP2I, talks Green Initiative at DEC headquarters. Program will provide sustainable supply chain support.
we'll be there. looking forward to see you. interiors from spain, booth 1024. and check our magazine www.fromspainmagazine.com
Rest well all.
Who's Irish from Ireland?
hott mix tape.. thanks for the link
MANY THANKS CLAUDE..T/F/S..
yup she loves us <3
I will record the superbowl so i can fast forward through the game and watch the commercials
thx for generating so much enthusiasm for #PerSuit , we're so honored to be a part!
#Duke going down to #Lehigh ...could be the 2nd number 2 team to go down in the first rd today
#imaddicted to typing incredibly fast when the word count turns red, in extreme hopes that my post will meet the 140 word limit.
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 4
Julian Lennon & James Scott Cook - Lucy - 05:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
it was probably me, but it was like 8 in the morning. sorry I didn't reply, I'll be on my game next time. :)
OK folks, stopping in Baltimore for lunch on way to #PLA12. Suggestions for good/reasonable seafood joint?
I know! lol..
RT : Dubee is good, but he's no magician. There is no fixing a Kendrick start that has gone south.
That's Zac without his hair & makeup folks.
eating icecream you?
but it's so true!
follow me? :) #Believe 3
a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010.
So. It was pretty funny when that one guy from... WTF JIM CARREY DIDN'T WIN THE AWARD FOR BEST ACTOR.
20 is awesome, keep it up, soon will be 40 to 60mins :) Everyone is #working_out on my followers list, kick butt Ian! Emmi ;)
If you're lost, you can look, & you will find me..Time after Time..If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting..Time after Time..
Omg I would cry singing this
Thanks guys!
Somewhat....on lite duty!
Is the only reason i like bananas because I'm gay????
that Domingo is one classy, gracious man. and boy can he still sing!
Congrats for winning tickets to see #AlvinAiley at NJPAC (May 11-13). Pls DM us for details on picking up your tix.
If you listen to Travolta in Grease, it does sound an awful lot like he's singing "Handy" and not "Sandy"
“: Got screwed once, you're going to get screwed twice!”
I feel a Beastie Boy marathon coming through our speakers tonite! R.I.P MCA you lyrical genius! #BrassMonkey on Repeat!!
Oh, National Academies Press, I love you and your free ebooks so much.
iunno, i just asked him to bring u today, he said yeag
lmao see you there!
Looking forward to it. Cheers!
WAIT. Why is in a celebrity rivalry with Chevy Chase???!!!
Youth are being told the truth u talk as if there is a conspiracy to shield them from the facts
lucky u
Stupid twitter wouldnt let me log in X?
just gonna sit here alone while everyone i go to school with gets high tonight ... -_-
YOU EXCITED FOR NAKED TEETH!!!!?????
i know your probably, most likely tired because we ur fans want you to follow us all. please follow me n_n :D
happy thursday diane and
can't forget "face down, ass up" from 2 Live Crew!
I'm so nervous I feel like I'm going to throw up.
You treat me like a joke and I'll leave you like its funny
I love getting paid only to pay off credit card, car insurance, phone bill & utilities and have less than half left.
thanks for your comment and RT.
Congrats to Saipin Chutima of Lotus of Siam on her James Beard award!
The highlight of our casting June 8, was a "painting dog"... I couldn't believe it...a pekinese that paints!
follow back? :)
“: What's everybody up too today?? Football???” cmon now, where's your husband from ???
Excited to be going to the Rockets games this Wednesday and Friday! Great road trip.
i can be depressed!
I'm hungry!
I knew it would be great! :D A+++
Watch cartoons with me if you're a true friend.
ahh love it i will totally be at six flags tomorrow as well hopefully i will run into you!!!!
Gunna try out Windows 8 tonight... not sure what I'm expecting
you da best
thank you for live tweeting the trial!
Man some lil ugly ass fat girl watchin me and my brotha eat some cheez it.....can you say
Diabetes is a hell of a disease.
Thank you Arsenal for dropping points, Love Spurs!
a lot are, warrant holders are churning as well. After July, AIS should be freed up to run to near 5 I think
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
Appreciate the love.
M! Cheese (in Homer Simpson drooling voice) Yumm!
Lol not this one, but you have been!
Who's up someone text me
I originally had it down for next week too. Not sure where that came from. You'll have a good time tonight regardless!
love it!
What it do fam I need to holla atcha asap
To make Miami even more fitting for #tebow - just as Denver shipped off Lloyd midseason, Fins were preemptive in doing the same w/ Marshall
Might as well take a quick nap while I can before this class at 4.
Project Diaries on sale now at NorrisPimpton.com
I didn't get to catch up on my sleep this week. Oh well..
OMG! That's amazing!:D
Is that beer big or are Damon's hands really small?
glad you liked it. Now my girls start it every time that song comes on in the car. Haha.
It can help you get more exposure. Also, get on youtube if you haven't already. Put your videos on youtube.
RT Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at #MarketMix right now. Getting closer to a more public release...
will do! thanks! :)
I don't know what I would do without and his music.
ha ok
Awww I already received a bday email from !!
I'm proud of u Lil bruh!!...keep elevating ur game an mind state on these beeyitch as niguhs!(Free M.A.C voice)
I'm seeing a lot of tweets about Brian McKnight. What did he do? Someone pls update me.
How many days a week do you lift weights? That is the hardest thing for me b/c I LOVE cardio so much. What's your strength training routine?
I'm in the H tonight bro RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
Been there in Summer, depends on if you don't mind humid-hot weather, I personally don't mind it. Universal will be a blast
did you mean booties
Less than 3 Hours to Vote for Ron Paul! Do the right thing #NewHampshire !
i don't know
congrats!! Where? Oh, and I recently started at arena, so staying in dc!
So who will be nice enough to send me a pinterest invite?
He's so adorable!!!
You ever get phone hair?
It's so nice out
As I tweet I see 3 styles: Haiku style (wit & grace); link to useful & practical content; and finally - annoying twit.
Just booked my flight to London - July 4th through August 20th with various travels in between!
ALL HAIL SEGUIN!!!!!
If God didn't want us to eat meat...he would've made made cows outta tofu instead of steak! ;-)
Celebrate the Indianapolis Recorder on September 25th from 3:30-5:30 at the Cook Theater-Indiana Landmarks. Join us!
Let me give your heart a break.
Seau suicide so freaking sad... Nothing to say really, I just feel for his family. Especially his kids.
listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri its the shit
A Chard Day's Night
Thank you for your help! My dog son is not a very happy camper right now, and i need help asap!
People are attach to certain ways of thinking.
Sorry, but I hope he doesn't get it.
Beer Battered Fish Fry Friday! Yet another reason to love Wisconsin on Fridays ;)
: If it were a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification. It is 2011. We need more than TV alerts.
I love 's tweets about the rangers! Let's go boys!
At the movies and a FancyFeast commercial comes on. Ending line - "The best ingredient is love." Woman behind me - "It's true!"
I feel like every new singer I hear now is trying to be Yim Yames.
hay Ryder Rockers i just blogged about a film i'm in subscribe so you can get deetz n tweetz!
i am sad today!! my bf is sad too! :( this is a sad day!
Crowdsourcing, pls. Incorporating multiple perspectives = greater engagement with the content.
#bestbritishbands The Beatles! (2 trending topics in one!)
Summer has come early to the east coast! Hope everyone takes an extra 15 minutes to enjoy the weather today!
LOLOLOLOLOL YOU WOULD
i haven't received a daily roll up in two days...
Keaton, we're on it. Spinning up more photos over the next few weeks - wanted to make sure we got it right. Thanks!
Those are awesome! Sports should be that glittery!! Playing the glam way! :)
trying to figure out details-I'll let you know.
lol perfect.. Cookie monster hath no conscience.
“: oh get ready! It's crazy good #revenge” that's what I hear!!!!
Niece in bed by 8:45, papers graded,
Time to make myself make myself stretch and grow a bit.
When your purpose in life involves more then just trying to please yourself and more about serving others then it is easier to do it - sd
hahah I'm still trying. I've gotta drive a few hours to work for my dad so I'll be struggling for sure
Made it to my 3rd trimester. 84 days left!
THAT'S COOL!! I'd like to have Rims with this logo!
Isn't it! I found it on San Diego Bargain Mom's facebook fan page.
Just power arched out of JP!! Go go Boston!!!!
On a conference call with First Lady Michelle Obama as she announces a new initiative for military families.
Why is there no food in this house<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ur so lucky!!! i hope i get lucky tomorrow for my bus... :-(
If someone can tell me what i was trying to do on the dancefloor last night it would be much appreciated #solcantina #robot?
yeah! I'm trying to get some too! Just let me know what you decide! We need to do our rooming early if you do.
I have actual sea coral in my left knee. How random is that coming from an actress in L.A.?
I didn't win the lottery. Damn.
Today: noon - pm Celebrate Asian Pacific American Family Day ~ art activities, tours, storytelling, and music + dance performances.
no I haven't!! I just heard the bad news. There's a petition?!
Working out in the yard, mowing and trimming. I thought I just did this last week?!
Call the bad ones and make em choose
I'll definitely be doing some taste testing, I like to keep my finger on the pulse of the burger scene!
Let's go Giants!!
I am just watching = LSAT coming soon!
Damn people shit so loud in the school bathroom !:0
Homeowner says sexually violent predator is NOT living at her home.
You're welcome! RT : I just saved a ton of money on my car #insurance by switching from #Geico. Thank you !
(jen) Listening to Voice Over demo reels for a current project - entertaining! p.s. I love my job.
lol I was really hoping for something more gritty and raw for that track honestly.
CPA test questions make me question my understanding of the English language
The south kinda ruins my whole Xmas/New Year situation with its being hot n junk..but it's still a Merry Holiday Season anyway!! <U+2665>
Text marketing is a way to monetize your ads. Text marketing is not a branding method that pays off later. It pays back immediately 10%-30%!
Happy Halloween! Tweet us photos of your costumes!
Damn today... Damn today to hell!!! LOL Nah, not to hell but not here either.
EAT LOCAL, #ABQ!Nominate a restaurant that you feel has the passion, attitude, and heart for the community to deserve a Rocked out Makeover!
Brightening our national HQ on E. 125th St. this week - Stacey Cox, our Senior Director of Site Management & Director of California Programs
#SCTEBOW Tim Tebow is the most popular football player today. He is just so inspiring. He is just an overall great football player.
TODAY! REDDSTONE'S PATIO IS GETTING BLESSED @ 4:30 MADISON CRAWL PERFORMANCE TO FOLLOW. I WILL BE THERE!
how and when did Happy Endings become so smart? but just remember how that worked out for Community.
All tied up now. No looking back.
Oh, this is all part of a plan. It's not a good plan. Well, it's good if you're rich.
Thanks. :-) And nice to meet you!
Back on track...feels good.
My aunt just texted me saying I hope you stay out of jail this weekend
How's that working out for you so far?
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week
You should come to Virginia for some REAL sweet tea... Okay, it's northern Virginia, but that still counts, right?
i asked for one from jessi but she never replied :/ I talked to Debi and she said she was gonna send me 1 of Hannah(:
Now why you think you take a Hoe to a Hoe-tel Hoe -tell everybody, even the mayor Reach up in the sky for the Hoe-zone layer -
haha would be nice huh?
Who bought tickets for Austin's Concert?
FOLLOW ME OR GET LEFT
sitting watching csi snd eating cookie dough ice cream yayyy
deep breaths.....
the one with the leaf from great grandma's hollyhock.
Great venue, fantastic turnout and amazing food! What more can you ask for in an Oysterfest?!
Hit me like a ton of bricks. Break my heart. Time to get me on another level.
I hope RIP Rutgers Football is not the case.
Yes, but he probably told you that after a half-dozen-or-so IPA's ;-)
You know she's to young when she thinks created sweet dreams for the first time....
STUPID TEACHER I DONT LIKE HER ! -.-t
Thank you! Right back at you.
We're going to miss our seniors ! Can't wait to see their awesome work in the future
RT : stimulating w/ . Great insight from really smart UX pros in Cbus!
i want to die. I have like all the question/prompts typed up. Thats it. I wanna go to bed:(
I hope #Steve Jobs is well, he has made me mucho dinaro!
He's old, white, and male. It's the Self-Righteousness Trifecta!
Just left million dollar house... amazing! If u can or could would you buy one?
Aw shucks!
Never been to the Resch Center, so I can't really speak to its atmosphere.
She never compromises... Loves babies and surprises ;)
I'm so excited for the Adult Reading Challenge!
She got her a replacement Phone I need me one...
Adult bullies...seriously how immature are you!?
The light up acts are getting kind of old..
come to Louisiana !
Are you a total shoe girl? Why or why not?
Not feeling work today :(
NATALIE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU YESTERDAY??xx
ask for more access to #HStNE! X2 too many stops. X9 not enough hours and should be a double bus. Need Circulator!
The Wanted in Wisconsin.
none better. Range. Creativity. Lyrics. Showmanship. Win
We are so excited for performance on July 29th at #gardenwalk Anaheim !!!
driving all day and i've only been to one museum, three galleries, and two bookstores. one more gallery, then home
Picking up my new juicy glasses
Enjoy! And remember, #BASHH runs way late!
Plasma TV Reviewer » Blog Archive » Gas Fireplaces are Taking ...
Today was my last day with seniors-except those taking the AP GOV exam tomorrow. The rest will be on a field trip. Then graduation practice.
Didn't even recognize Aunjanue Ellis in this episode of #NYUndercover with Terrence Howard being Buster & Claudia/Bonnie & Clyde.
What if I just let them both do it.. can I do that? It's because my mommy won't be here and I never hear my alarm.
Stay tuned for the results of the 1st Early Bird Drawing!
The Heat stomped the Lakers and it has no impact on who will win the title. At least it can calm the prisoners of the moment in the media
having crazy dreams lately....just want a solid night of sleep!
I'd like to live in a world where toaster strudels and Little Debbie's are essential food groups.
i did, now follow me.
My parents don't know I'm Bi :P Yet for that matter... So far all they've been doing is throwing around this religious
Headed to bed cause Im going to be at BOOT CAMP on Chirstmas EVE!!!!!
LOL! Only when necessary.
I hope #DennisCombs wins race for Mayor of Longmont, CO. They are watching the results come in right now!!! Shout it out if you are a fan.
heck yeah I do!! :D haha
SCRATCH last tweet lol -- 40 minutes left to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN band!
oh my word! do mine(:
I Missed Victoria Justice On Ellen :( Anyone Else See It?
I just walked into a Ricky's in midtown. That could kill your love of Halloween real quick.
Pamela Cameron honoring her son Matthew. Fierce and fearless
Messy mix of rain, freezing rain, sleet and snow for much of WI: 1-2" south, 2-4" central; 3-5" north. Roads look to become slick.
Thank you for the calculator. I'm sorry I missed you! Stop by and say hi when you can.
ALL THESE HOES SCARED OF ME
That is awesome.
band practice tomorrow. Thank god! I've missed practice, I'm excited
just a question! I do not understand this but is Jamie not Bonnie's brother?
Internet issues? No need to call the cable company when you're staying with us. Just met the tech at apt & got internet DL speed to 50 Mbps!
The Land of Whatever: It&#39;s time to restore the music to MTV--whether ...
I SEE YU MOMAZ! AN HELL YEA LETS GET IT! #KUCCIENT DUH
Just found out I could buy a killer whale submarine for $100,000. Gotta get some money together.
congrats on the news!
watching Stanford and south Carolina girls sweet sixteen , not sure who I want to win tho
The zombies on The Walking Dead move faster than the storylines.
Just landed in SD!!!!
just got my wife to measure so it's up-to-date but we've never done this. Got 39/16/33.5. BR tops fit me great.
Coming home from Vermont tomorrow. It's been fun but I'm ready to go home. I can't believe that I'm saying that!
Gotta learn to love yourself, before you love someone else.
Gonna go running with annie(:
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion. — GARY VAYNERCHUCK
Who knows what miracles you can achieve when you believe R.I.P
I knew there had to be a reason why I still subscribed to ALA Council.
80 degrees in Chicago today!! So excited!
aww shit gone head and win that congratulations tho that's what's up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
2day was a gud day 4 us bros wit some more hard work n faith its lukin pretty green in da future
So good to run into you the other day! I need to start coming to classed with you so we can have our catch up seshes!
that sounds like a good #relaxing vacation!
Can I come out here all the time? It's pretty cool around here! I'll keep an eye out for him.
Look forward to hearing report RT : Heading to the White House today for the Jewish Social Justice Roundtable!
tell him hi
Just got a coupon for 72% off crossfit classes for a month...should I get off my lazy butt and do it??
its cause lorena said that she is gunna drop by at my house like at nine and i was like 0_o haha she said its cause she is
I remember those days. Best you can do is be calm & roll with it. Everything will be fine.
#sonyc "we are cultural animals strengthening our tribe" (cultural cognition)
RT“: Anyone can do a "run" but everybody can't usher you to the throne.”
Mega Millions is will have to change its name to Mega Billions if nobody won.
Reading Adrienne Rich's "The Problem With Lorraine Hansberry," in
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 16
Thanks so much!
yes, that would be weird.
yeah it better be!
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs louder.
tonight was one of the best raw ever
Having a blast with Kammie, Rachel, Reagan, and Cameron! Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow!!
Shout out to please follow them they will
mac miller is mine.
Hey I just wanted to say there's a snake in my boot
Today sucked and it's not even over. This shit needs to be over. I can't wait..
always falls asleep while texting. Or watching tv. Or sometimes while having conversations.
Scheming like the preacher in church he sellin hope
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) to Present at the JMP Securities Healthcare Conference on Sept 27th
Sweetwater nights w/ kelly, james, will, and jordan.
Fun Night =]
HA! How do I get myself in peril so they can come save me?
celebrating #ConstitutionDay in classes today.
Get FREE ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7492
if u say so -__-
That awkward moment when your best friend rolls down your window when you pull up to a clown at a stop light cause she knows you hate them..
Ok nuff bout the Its almost time WHUTUPDOE 2 all my fellow GREEN BAY FANS??? Where U from?
Thank you for your support.
you're the best!! I can always count on u!
HOWEZ everybody doing???
Nice! Enjoy
Small Occupy contingent was prepping as I ran around Lake Merritt. Guy putting on Anonymous Mask and another a black face mask. How brave.
just say no to zombies.
We know lol that's all you've tweeted about all day lol its pretty good tho :)
Myh battery is fucking empty D;
Without respect, love is lost. Without caring, love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.
Thanks for the RT.
both are beautiful!! But there is something cool about the quiet if winter…. Happy new year!
I hope it kills you to see me happy with someone else.
Happy Easter! Enjoy your egg hunts! I Dare you to try to find my eggs, I've been hiding them for years.
aww man I just left today I was there for the wkd
True, this was nice story >>> RT I would agree except for Bucs signing paralyzed Rutgers player.
Im soo white ):
Yay! Excited to see you there!
cinco de mayo celebration at school today hahaha mexican pride!
It is 100000 degrees in the office today.
You da token.
going to have an Etta James marathon today! Loved her, what an amazing woman.
I am in a state of musical awe... Jessica Sanchez & Josh Ledet is the reason.
need to read before I go teach and not really feeling it today...heading to DC tomorrow...GO PHILLIES
Yep. I'm tired of it.
how have you been doing?
that one was definitely a crowd pleaser! Thanks for joining us!
Very soon. Stay posted
“: #nw Battleship ... and it ain't even out yet!”***hook a nigga up
S4: Best Practices change over time. Must follow today's best practices while forming best practices for tomorrow.
RE: : gotta love that girl... hahahahahahahahahaha and her car issues.....
Did you buy it?
workin on it!
Did I just eat a quesadilla filled with sweet and sour chicken....... indeed. Thanks chino bandido
Ready for bad weather? Call us for mag-chlor sidewalk de-icer before 1pm for same day delivery in Midtown. 410 528-1512
Goal!!! 4-1 #Devils Hey Philly, You Suck. Going back to NJ tied at 1
: back at ya, now following
I'm just saying, if you need a high res headshot, why get a boring one? Southerners have perfected gauze and creepy props.
another test... #e206 undefined
Did you sail across the sun, did you make it to the milky way to see the lights are faded. Man heaven is overrated.
yea i no
Has Anybody Ever Beat Labisan In One On One?
Forgot it was St. Patrick's Day and didn't wear a stick of green. Thankfully, I only got pinched one time. LOL
Things I'd do to Greg James omg
Thanks homegirl. Hair theme! :)
Highschool changes people, that's kind of why I don't want to go quite yet.
Shaq looks like he ate Ben Roethlisberger
ALMOST FINISHED WITH PHASE 1 of the site... will release site soon... working on a few tee designs for feedback... stay tuned.. "B" Creative
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it. -- Buddy Hackett
People that wear jean shorts need to be slapped
’Twas a tough brawl…but we prevailed!
#FF Cookie Love! Dispensary
Taking Care of business. Behind the scenes.
Modern fresh utopian film ideas? Where are the positive future films to inspire change? Lots of bleak future films. Need more super utopias.
Just been on one of the new met line trains, air con, walk through carriages...the most pleasant tube journey I've been on. Well done tfl
What book are u reading?
According to ,#manning left the practice facility with Elway& Fox. Where did they go after that?Where did they drop him off?
Got my best friend back <3 yay!
has a really solid fiction shortlist. Glad to see LIGHTNING RODS get some much deserved respect
so im going to be 2 year older than u
What a dissapionting loss for Syracuse.
Ramirez shouldn't have run on that, but I understand him pushing and respect the hustle. Didn't know he was THAT slow though
Free love has no place in a free society.
Board Members? For corworking you mean?
Izhane, U will <3 R lacefronts! We match the hairline so it's not easy 2 see it's a wig & we can teach U 2 make UR own! Enjoy,ttyl
Wish you have a 80grade performance tonight! I will miss tonight but it was awesome to see master mind behind
24 days till HvZ!! Sign up now!
I know, just surprised how many places in Madison are marked
How dare they make me feel sorry for Betty RT Yup. RT : We've all been there, Betty.
follow me! You know you love data!
RT "Imagination is more important than knowledge." ~Albert Einstein (1879-1955) #Quote (via )
Why does make these #MadMen previews so awkwardly vague?
#realfriends are always loyal
Sometimes you simply have to ignore all of Tom Foolery's shenanigans.
sweet I am so down! And I'm free most of the summer! Let me know when you find out any details! I'll dm you my number:)
eating a three meat pizza while reading this tweet, yw
Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at #MarketMix right now. Getting closer to a more public release...
Winding down from a relaxing weekend.
Whenever you're near Portland Oregon, drop us a line, love to interview you on TV Show for your Teen Cause.
Partying with my first professional acting leading lady tonight as she celebrates another year of life! I love you, girl!!
Thanks! You were too far away to see the white knuckles of terror gripping the podium. :)
Ok i'll get it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> *goes in face first* RT : I just lost a quarter in my boobs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I really can't find this bitch!!
your not. at all.
Girls that wear Victoria's secret >>>>>
Nathan Ryan on Top Shot USA! Yehhh boii
lmao i do perfectly it's not thatt bad I think the actual back hurt me more than the skull I got right below the back of my neck .
Awesome! Welcome to Mpls, !
Thanks for the shout out, woman! :)
Doors are opening
No problem, He is awesome and I really hope he wins! He deserves it!
"Growth can mean different things to different people." Mayor Berry
Hey! Thanks.
Please & thank you!
Damn. no clean sweats.
New bartender: 'On the rocks with ice?'
Yes! Down with Michigan and Duke! “: Is having your bracket busted worth getting to watch some crazy March Madness upsets?”
That's what I can't wait to see.
glad you got the #hashtag thing down.
Is this a clever sting op, in which you are told you have won the lottery and the SWAT team is waiting when you arrive?
My cousin graduates today.
You have a good memory. I might have to slip your name in next time.
So excited. My new and improved website will launch next week!
“: I didn't fall, I attacked the floor.”
Eager for my first visit to this morning.
yesterday's teachable moment: when your wife is yelling "EW! EW! EW!" you probably don't want to come see what she's looking at.
Quote from my sis-in-law (mom to 3 and 5 yr old boys) "I just let them fight it out until they start using weapons."
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo - it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
WWW.kabajunkremoval.com Is the best junk removal service in minneapolis
Thank you!!
Is your muffin buttered..?
i should be tired right now..
Looking for a great six month rental in Mill valley? www.70madroneparkcircle.com
Be individually satisfied and collectively complimented....
Would be nice to see Darren Collison do something
I dunno. I am not neutral at all about pigeons. Rats of the sky.
Sitting at work in pain.. I need a break ! Vaca plzz!!
thanks so much!!
Watching American Idol, drinking wine, & eating kettle corn!
I gave up after season 3
yea!! Did you read my tweet before that tweet? If not go look & you'll understand :) haha
Beds: an amazing invention.
NASA CHCO Toni Dawsey: ldrshp trng @ NASA driven by peers/leaders working w/ each other & mentoring others vs strictly top down
Remember Micheal Jackson
Obama, you are awesome.
Season's Greetings and Merry #TEDx -mas from America's Finest City!
Well, that was damn fun. Thanks to , Carla Rhodes + Pancakes O'Malley, and everyone who came out last night!
Forgot to tell you that the May issue of In Style had a great pic of David & Victoria. Maybe it was at the Oscars.
thanks bro.. Now it's time for you and to take over next year in football
Love Aaron Craft's game....think it'll translate to next level?
See what happens when 2 depts that share a border can hear each other on their radios.
So, I went to the movies yesterday, saw #21jumpstreet......SUCKED!
Lets just say what it is.....you don't care anymore
I know! We did that Facebook 'No. 1 song when you were born' thing and our intern's song was something from U2's Joshua Tree.
TONITE: Saint Rose,Transmit Now, It's Alive, IDivide, Viator Saint at THE FARM
Well I approve of it nao so boomshakalaka k.
Oh, I see you will be speaking on Web Analytics Simplified!
Whatever it is, they need to knock it off. Its scary and the dog is spazzing out.
This is completely pathetic.
MY INSPIRATIONS!
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
that nigga lying we may say blood but we bang streets n hoods my nigga pull that niggas card
we'll need to leverage social media to help promote #PONYRIDER (jk it sells itself)
LOL, true! They gave him the ball, it was his 50th career hit.
Making a holiday gumbo today from scratch. it's gonna be so good :-)
Any thoughts of playing Posada at first?
Gum class heroes Iz the new shot :-)
Parents really are great sometimes.
Huge THANKS to for having me on his #radio show tonight & everyone who took the time to listen in!
i know thats wat i thought too
I'm off today AND tomorrow! BOOM!! Unintentionally planned but much needed..the girls are driving me cray cray lately
MT : Please follow my MN colleague to thank her for speaking up in support of #VAWA yesterday -Al
lies!! We are here with tank tops!!
The Wedding will be a celebration after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
lost it and now im sad
Love to see a New Castle goal! What a goal. great ball control and fab shot!
MUHAHAHA BAD WOMAN <U+2665>
on our way to #rage I hope you're prepared?
is finalizing federal reports on homelessness to help local agencies access funding to
Thank you for following NSHMBA-NM!
SUMBODY COM GET MUH CUP A KOOL AID I CAN'T SPILL THAT SHIT THAT SHIT IS GOOD
who many of you would enjoy drinking some scotch right now?what about champagne? come to my desk...i've got them both! and they taste god!
I am not sure...jut always interested in how people hear about me...thanks for the follow...are you an actress in LA?
Just over it Laurel Canyon. Lights flickered a few times about 15 mins ago and then 'Buh-Bye'.
NEW SONGS ARE UP! Including our single: Amber Leaves.
#Unoherpussygoodif it can keep u off the streets
ah yes I used to call my ex "duck" (along with sweetie, etc.) and that one will always remain his
Last night saw #SuzanneFiol parade going past my window - sounded wonderful, what a great memorial
Geolocation, push-based ads help to inform and to sell, but what can they do to improve non transactional exchanges?
We have now added a new member to the Armistice family! Please welcome Andrew Cash of Connery as our new lead guitarist!
who needs food lol
If you are free, you are not predictable and you are not controllable.
Now entering the great state of
Your Mayor will be right over! MT : Game of the Week Kangaroo Sausage with Roasted Garlic-Chipotle Dijonnaise and St. Paulin Cheese
Lebron? Baby names?
FLA Is Ratchet
Hope it was to your liking.
#WilDChildZ guess what........ talent show coming up and im really hype i wonder what song to sing anyone wanna give me songs???
What did you do tonight? Oh well i defended Azeroth from the impending Horde attack. Yeah, the important shit.
Sherry old fashion via Zane
: Hey, Chris. Try tweeting some more. Lol!
I don't no bout u bitchez but I think the commercial with the hamesters dancing is bad ass .... Come on u know its bad ass
Genius shares hate e-mail with audience
Yes! During your trip to Baltimore( which we need to plan) we can talk about which games. I'm thinking the giants is a must
I know dude!
damn you fine!
everybody wants something....
It's about time Nick Markakis starts to step up. You're not on my fantasy team for nothing.
wait but actually. This is you! Hahaha
ha! his face may be worth the price of shipping.
RT The folks are sharing the swag! Want a chance to win a #Armageddon figurine? Just RT before 5 pm PDT to enter!
Watching the #Sharks vs. Blues game at Auto Body
Nope...just what people call me. My birth name was Malcom.
HELL YES. Chelsea for the win!
The couple who collects dolls and treats them like their children on, My Crazy Obsession, makes the dude who fucks his car look normal.
did you guys buy it? It actually is pretty fun!
its not confirmed that the are coming but us fans need to try and make it happen (:
Good for you !!
happy 21st birthday bitch!!!
Laying in bed. Not having a good day. Goodnight.
Tonight's Cocktail: UnderCovers: Cognac, House-Spiced Rum, Marnier, touch of lemon juice. $8. Sweet, spiced backbone, silky texture. Yum.
Studying for exams making your tired? Come get free 5-Hour Energy at BookHolders Monday-Wednesday, 1:00pm to 4:00pm!
Fun meeting with Ed Chevy of Beethoven's Nightmare!! We are coming Disney!!! We are coming! March 17-18! Check out Deaf Rock...
Even 's amazing pumpkin carving skills can't bring life to a terrible, terrible movie.
So you're excited for baseball, not necessarily #Orioles baseball?
Gina be nice. we are definitely are not gay(;
Agree completely. I think blanket statement of "no one knows" is easy cop-out
Happy Happy Birthday !! :D
I was on sick baby duty which involved two wakeful periods I doubt I will be productive at all today.
Exactly two weeks from today...stick a fork in me...I'm done!!!!!
Follow your dreams. Not time for some Shoulda-Coulda-Wouldas
I kinda love that Charo's birth name is María del Rosario Mercedes Laura Jennifer Pilar Martínez Molina Baeza.
no they haven't gonebon sale more like in june i think
hahaha thank you! me too but i cant cause of school and my parents :(
Acceptances make any day better.
shoes aren't "everything" when women awkwardly, unstably teeter all over the place. More like scary and desperate.
Reusable art.
That ball hit the ump so hard he's seeing double: 4 strike zones.
I love how good my sweet fiancé is with kids! Especially Miller... He'll be such a wonderful father.... in about 8 years.......
How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Now are you getting hungry?
me and school are not friends right now .
i have nothing against welfare but swear people go crazy with that EBT card. girls around my age wanna look cute then pull that card out. TF
wowww i had no idea that explains her bad ruling
Went to the office today for no reason! My principle was yelling at me and my friend and she was like "why are you two always on here!?!"LOL
Yaaay for eating dinner at 10pm!
Wonder when the #redbookparty hosts will be picked, this seems like such a fun party, especially in the summer!
now the fun starts... Go down, go down
Whoever it is that makes the mannequins for clothing stores needs to stop adding those extra "perks" on the female bodies.
Dafuq I just read...
Heading to Los Alamos now
As a lover, the #Sagittarius is friendly, not passionate, casual, not selective, and happy as long as you don't try to control them
Fieffer Dancer films, Alexander McQueen exhibit, RENT off broadway, and Keigwin + Company at summerstage this Saturday, July 23rd. Exciting
So ya I am starving !!
The car ride from school to your house when you know your ACT score is in your mailbox = the longest drive EVER.
America is ran on religion. Its such bullshit.
thinking of transitioning this account to an exclusively "what I'm eating for lunch" affair
R.I.P. to my wizzard. Had the best of times my nigga :')
75 followers. Thanks
Me too! See you there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
It's still a beautiful day, and now it's raining, too!
Taking a day trip to to see Hairspray and
One size fits all is so over everywhere except education.
I think everybody should come to Walmart and buy some cookies from me and support my mission trip.
My uncle had to put his dog down and he's wicked sad about it. I feel so bad
I'm about to make a move and you're not a part of it.
never seen anyone happier to get a hit than the #Nationals Gio Gonzalez
Yoga outdoors was a good follow up to work.
The shell must break before the bird can fly. ~Alfred Tennyson
If you go on Sat. you wanna go at opening. Each guy adds about 20 mins. Lol Good luck.
Fresh cupcakes!
Heading to to see Mark Morris! Friday!!
does it make sense now?
Who got game? Former Horn Avery Bradley scores 19 in 34 minutes off the bench. Ray Allen just 5 in 35.
pushing to the face? Definitely a bunch of complainers
why u get quiet on me lol
Ha! RT : Sarah, Bev, Paul all auditioning for Lifetime Original Movie "Ice Pick Killers"
We now have 3 Million Twitter users and profiles in our database. Looking for more prospects? Call us at 614-947-3608 we can search 4u.
would you support a fans dream of becoming a singer/rapper
: Warner Brothers cartoons = the marriage of music and music.."
Plans for tonight -p90x workout <U+E00D> -shower<U+E331><U+E331> -Internet shopping <U+E00C> -wait for the hubby so we can go to sleep<U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E022>
How are you?
Me and have a private island ;) haha no I'm serious.
I mean, he makes a good argument..... I don't know how to even begin arguing with that logic.
Tha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080> RT : Bring me some ! Thanks RT : Now off to get these BWW wings yessir
i bitched and bitched then my parents caved and got it
Showin me howweak you is, its embarrassing.
Any females who try to follow me with gifs as their main pictures are getting blocked. Real or fake, idgaf.
Why is that tinny, cell-phone sound plaguing Oscars telecast still occurring? Happened during Golden Globes as well. Sound folks...HELLO!
Thanks for the follow!
Of course! Whats your full name?
Thanks for the #FF!!
I cant wait til this class ova with....
Looks like Lebrons gon have to do it by himself. -_-
Diversions, distractions & distortions? A disappointing America? Only to the GOP rich, anti-women's choice & environment spoilers.
Flushing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Disagreeing with gay marriage does not mean you have to do something about it. They can do what they want.
Looking for a new dentist? Check out for the largest comprehensive dentist search on the web!
Congratulations, Riverwest, your Public House has a liquor license!
thanks Megan. Just saw this. I really have no idea how to use twitter properly. I was inspired by Leon.
i don't get why people always bring up the past. its over.
Dave tickets go on sale tomorrow :) 10a! Fuck ya!
++RT : a bias toward action by far more important - necessary over stagnation. #hacklibraries #c4l12 "drive it like you stole it"
do you really have to get all gold medals on twisted difficulty to get warthog?
I live for this
I will vouch for that! LOL! There was 9 birthday parties last year in Nashville for you by hundreds of people that agree!LOL!
New glasses and prescription are a trip.
so who was talking to on the #TheraFlu track. Str8
Know of good deals in New York City? Tweet us at
Let's go Reds! I hate any team that has a cardinal as a mascot!
YES! For some reason we have had a real cold spell move in. We had HAIL tonight!
lol i'm single and for the moment it's great. :)
aww..I like to follow all different people. It doesn't matter what teams we like, that is only a small part of us.:-) luv Canada
that's so funny I didn't laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom. -Angus Grossart
Sox game was a blast last night. I loved how a kid tried to use a ticket stub from 2009 to get in the lower level haha.
summer lunch at Jeans Georges ~ charred summer corn ravioli with & merci! my mouth is still watering
Get more followers:
One of those days were a hug would be cool, but Cold Stone will suffice
lol - holy crap. I do both. I'm thinking more than 140 characters are needed!
The black Mamba must be outta venom lol
it's Bradley Horowitz
Yeah me too, still debating if its a healthy thing or not lol. Where ya from?
MOVIES SHOULD COME WITH A "NEEDLES IN FILM" WARNING.
Hi Do you have an invitation code to letslunch.com?
Just realized we've elected these people to #gc2012 and they don't even know how to vote correctly. Taking notes for
Why can't it be Aaron. Dang.
thats been my boo ever since the movie Go. Something about him is all "ok whiteboy you're trouble but I'm wit it"
congrats back atcha. Maybe this is the new form of hello
same here jess. Sometimes you gotta burn your bracket and follow your heart.
's Don Dodge says in-app purchases are good monetization strategy.
my pleasure :) would've like to have done more game.
#np 's The Lady Killer. Best way to get psyched up for a summer calc II class
Oxymoron for today: Conservative Democrat.
I'm reading Dependency Injection by Mark Seemann. Hur hur.
&#39;American Idol&#39; Recap: Underdog Hollie Cavanagh Finally Gets Her Moment
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Nice Work!
We need help picking up Bagels on Fridays at 4:00pm, can anyone help?
My story is up my story ppl
what teacher is this? LMAO:)
Watching baseball :P
Haha well at least its something fun:P I wish I could go kayaking XD yeah but like I said everyone will understand if not<3
- brilliant new book released today.Currently #62 on Amazon.And WOW can this guy SPEAK!
English 415 collectively says thanks to for dropping by (on Skype).
RT : RT : #linc - getting ready for a terrific conference - can't wait to see customer/friends!
that maryland game was a heartbreaker
round trip
Fuck you San francisco!!stop calling time out,just face the fact you're ass gonna get beat!!!
Wow! Really appreciate this one.
I love being 44. I wouldn't change a thing.
it's probably sitting there with my toy giraffe that I lost when I was a kid.
PS, I added you to my personal twitter account if you recently were added by a random stranger, it was probably me.
#Kiski School Basketball plays twice today: 2:30 pm vs Phase 1 Canada & 7 pm vs NIA Prep of NJ. Both games at Kiski. Free Admission Today!
This lady asked my sister if she looked like a princess and she said "you look like Cinderella" then whispers "b4 the bippity boppity boo"
Thanks for the offer, but since we are in full swing for our annual luncheon, we will have to revisit any addtl promos after.
First time? You're in for a treat
thx :) she's the kind of gal that makes it easy RT awww you guys are cute.
Hi Peter! Love your work from Jerusalem, Israel! I would love to have you on my show from Jerusalem, Israel
Is NVram the niche that spins up the replacement for Flash
love! Thanks, Kate! Lot of great peeps in that room today!
The Way To Transform Your Downstairs room In An Activity Room ...
hmm. Next weekend then???(:
Duration: 45 minutes30 minute presentation with 15 minutes of Q&AWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
Ex-nay on french pressed blonde roast. Ewwy.
you're well on your way to being able to change tires with telekinesis...i'll give you about two more years
the song is called "down" A release date is coming soon so stay tuned!!!! Stay classy mrcreo ;)
what's up<3
Just made banana milk for the first time and it was pretty good on my cereal. Banana + 1 cup of water + 1 tsp vanilla. Blend.
Finally. I'm home safe. And not leaving any time soon.
I get cranky wen im horny n cnt get it in >_<
Wish I knew how to pronounce that. You'll need to teach me, okay?
Would you lie with me and just forget the world?
I hate school! :( but on the upside I've got basket-ball practice today!!!!!
Random fundraiser walks along 2nd ave do not allow for sleeping in.
Being in the music business can be annoying sometimes cause when you want your private time alot of people dont understand.
our session went really well! standing room only!! :) now it is time to drink some whiskey!
RT : wraps up her #EnvisionFilm keynote, urging the audience to "find out where your water comes from and how you can...
Nice one! RT : Here's one: Sixteenth St. and Georgetown Road - the FAZZT-est address in racing!
I voted!! PS. your pictures look AMAZING!!!!
here all weekend...keep me posted
just updated the holiday ap and now it crashes ... Won't even open iPad running os5
Watch Titanic thrice.
"It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere" - Jackson/Buffett. Trying to get my tropical drink on with snow coming to Indy.
Heading to the 9th and it's tied at 3.
Sinclair CC's UAAMP - in gen'l found that texting, phone not best vehicle for mentoring. Instead, ask, what's best way to contact you
All these compliments I get keeps me really humble. No big head here. Just shows me how good GOD is in my life.
Great time,tonight, performing at #thatscool with and friends!!
I really wanna see the movie, Like Crazy. Like really really.
GoodMorning!:-) Woke up to a hard, you know...
did you even have to go to other sites? I would have thought you'd get plenty of email about it from Derb-defenders.
Marcelino is at the slow bar helm this week, spotlighting our new offering from Oaxaca! Brewed as espresso, clever and cafe solo.
watching golf all weekend
individuals always trump the general. ;)
I am still having trouble with my zune
It was a blast, and you & had great stories to tell. Thanks for the RT!
waffles are yummy(:
Researching restaurants and bars for my trip to NYC! Can't wait to see Roomie weekend in just 4 days!!
Is a fight in Miami or anywhere in Florida on the UFC's radar at all? Thanks for all you do for the great sport of MMA.
No real surprises tonight, but I did like all the cinema love and memories.
maybe if you respond when i do check i will continue! !!!! #teamC-IV get with it!
Thanks, Mike. You're on my list
Thankful for ha-ha-inducing and the awesomeness of and - I need it today, start new job-nervous!!
STEM coming to Lake View High School in Fall 2012!
I swear Im gonna start dying if goes home tonight #RNG #ABDC #
": When dating #InCollege just remember that a man's maturity level is 5 years shy of his actual age. <----
Looking at yesterday's news is problematic. Is the (insert favorite) outrageous story true or #AprilFools ???
they're not anymore ;D
- You must be a mind reader. Getting ready to get a cam and look into that soon.
--->Thanks for spreading the love!<--- RT This hop on top from is delicious!
Save the date! April 6th. Latino night at Salute. When italian and peruvian cuisine will meet! Stay tuned!
broths man. Them new slaps on the page are bangin
looking up summer concert dates.... I wanna see some shows!
sure thing :) xx
Always remember to warm up a bit before stretching!
Hot butter rum mix makes The best party gifts.
Yep. Been quotin' like the Bible.
I was stuck like chuck yesterday had to cxl ine of my events ma get up today though
GO STEELERS!!!!
great post! If I could pick one skill right now it would be to fall asleep! :)
ATL is the best band ever
#NOWPLAYING timbaland feat. Drake say something
bacterial bronchitis. I even have to use an inhaler. And I was really looking forward to getting loaded this weekend, damnit.
laser cat!
THANKZ WIFEY!!! ": Special S/O to the sexiest man I know on Twitter "
One week from today, I will be preparing for my flight to Portland, OR. I'm so nervous; I hate flying.
He fired the big show wtf you can't do that
Austin's favorite animal is a tiger.....Rawr (:
These guys are why people make mean jokes about lawyers.
Just set 14 alarms on my phone. Let's see what time I wake up.
you should do it anyway!!
put me on repeat let's go again and again no matter AM or FM 'cause baby girl this is the
When do you get to Austin for ?
I love ! Check out sarahtherealtor.ca and read her blog. I hope she loves me back and gives me that $25 Gift Card! <3<3
Thanks for the follow !!
Can those of us not on the west coast just call it REALLY W instead? Oh, it's Finnish.
Jesus Culture on pandora ...
Must feel weird. Have a great night, and soak it all in one last time.
watching #MadMen makes me want to drink and smoke
Right now I have not found a girl friend who I love . . . #Be patient, Chris. surely someday there will be a girl who loves you.
Holy hell.
let me know if you have suggestions for topics or would like to moderate!
I had an amazing dream last night...it had to do with ahahaha...is that weird?
WoW... Back to Back Dunks by the West!!!
good to finish without injury. lol
Of course my iPod and computer break on the same day. That's bloody lovely, technology; thank you very much.
Judy emphasizing the importance of research and of going to meetings with the data. Communicate the data!
Misses knowing hunters who bring me extra game meats.
God blessed the broken road...that lead me straight to you
nice choice for quarter backs and recivers. nice new job. ur good broski.
I really dont even give a shit at this point
bought a pinata apple for lunch today. I wonder if there's candy & toys inside?
Urrgh ... latest MS security patch cut off my internet access! Apparently my ZoneAlarm wasn't liking the new patch.
To your bday? Not sure. We have a baby, ya know, and my mom may not be around to watch the tike. We'll see. Have a good t-day!
FBCD promo... BREAKOUT ALERT!!!
Can't wait til next week either RT : Wow- Lunar was insane tonight- shouts out to everybody who came out tonight!
I hope Louisville beats Kentucky it's the only way I can win my bracket.
Tried to RT that, but it wouldn't let me...
Too risky to focus on Tendulkar alone: Swann
no turkeys for me last night. I actually sucked at bowling last night.
i would let you break my heart a thousand times over just to see you again </3
Purchased tickets for Springsteen in DC on Sept.14. Woohoo!!
Chow=Dog food
In case you were wondering, Thai basil and young green peppercorns do excellent things to a Bloody Mary
That was the only thing that could of broken my heart today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> On to the next one
bad broad who love to Fuck wit her head down and her Ass bent.
I can't wait to see you!
"is this an ugly sweater party?"..."No it's just Cambridge."
yea, i thought Lotus Flower Bomb was an actual bomb. from japan or somthin...
NP! Have a great day!
Dear , you are so HILARIOUS!!! Love your show!! Watch it all the time!!! -Sara ps, please follow me :) U r my IDOL!
just got done washing the truck miss my babe<3 (:
WHERE? WHERE? WHERE? LEMME SEE!!!!!
Taking new ideas out for a spin may well get you out of the rut you're in.
#American Library Association Conference in New Orleans - anyone attending? I will be!
oh my god. wait wait wait what is that from?
great article PC. That's for not dislocating my shoulder this round.
Why do we not drink micro-Brews together more ofter?
#808Pride "dont judge a book by its cover...unless u read the back" guess who told me that?!?!
My Tumblr is Girish14970. Join with me on tumblr please....
give them hell!! ;)
Investors dumping Japanese co stocks- just when they need help- #capitalism =
It's just that the term was new to me, thanks for your explaination. That's too bad you are missing out on some good food.
Yeah, I'm awake. Wish I was asleep again. Still trying to flip schedule & my attitude back to normal. My patterns will have To change.
You wanna talk about it? I'm up for some conversing...
I wish I could stay in bed all day.
SHUT IT xD
aw i missed your tweet spree, what the fork ?!?! :(
I can't wait to hear it :D
Great win for and the future with ! Love this stuff!
Photo tip for #CILDC - Most of the Hilton lights are fluorescent so if your phone/camera has a white balance setting, use it!
I'd love to chat bout signup, but it would have to be next week if that's ok. I'm at state lib conf. the rest of this week.
If he was 'wrong about it' he should reveal his source. Anything less means he made it up for PR.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thanks for the info!
Nothing says Christmas like that feeling when you wrap presents and you get the scissors to glide smoothly from one side to the other...wow!
it'll work, if there are more than 50 people willing.
yup. We are all here till Monday. Casey a few days more. Hit us up tomorrow
Devin Harris has 6 points and the Jazz have hit 6 of last 10 shots. Jazz lead the Spurs 16-15 with 3:29 left in the first quarter.
I NEED MY D; #HateWaitingButSoWorthIt <3
the county pays the sheriff deputies, but at the games their salaries are paid by the team.
RT Has succesfully dragged my rice fueled arse to the G-Y-M
front row!
The Best New Old Thing: jQuery Masonry Plugin
We all know Stewie was adopted, his real parents are Hey Arnold and Dora the Explorer. Why Because they got big Ass Heads Like HIM
Ah. One thingggh
Somebody sitting court side has on the MVP lebrons, them bitches are hard
I'm down for 2
Thank you. I have your Prismacolor DVD, and will try to attend a workshop whenever possible.
IM GOING TO SLEEP I HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT FLIGHT TO DALLAS :D HAVE A NICE DAY/NIGHT I LOVE YOU <3
Greetings ! Might I suggest ? (Does a robot LBJ that tells jokes count as interactive?)
Forgot to say Good Morning! Distracted with happenings on Twitter! So TweetyPies make it a great day and thanks for following me! GoGet'em!
I really wish that there was some Genny Light in the fridge...guess I'll settle for a 12 Horse! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
In 1920, Babe Ruth out-homered every American League team.
Dudes going squat cleans in the gym... Hot
K, lemme know how it goes! I know ur gonna rock!
yeah I love cotto followed him since day one -don't really like Floyd - But it is what it is he is the best
Checking Twitter on the shitter is my new favorite past time
People that are constantly updating their status on Facebook<<<
The teenager TOTALLY agrees with you. By the way, he thinks you're awesome because you know about both! Kudos!
haha so you stared fighting with her :L
Is that in the Productivity category?
Fuck this insufferable Midnight Yell business. Go back inside and study, losers.
do women's shelters accept donations of hair/beauty products that are partly used? I have so many things I just don't need...
So happy to be back home safely from Cali & back w/ kids. Time spent w/ hubs makes me look @ my wdng ring & smile. WE are where US started
does according to RT : Who's got the best sushi in Cle?
The Austin Gorilla Suite 5k & possible world record is tomorrow. Go to Congress bridge at 9am for 1,500 gorillas.
One of the best feelings in the world is when you first wake up and you lay in bed for ten minutes stretching.
Athletes gains so much knowledge by participating in a sport. Focus, discipline, hard work, goal setting & finally achieving your goals.
As they should be ;)
Knowing what you want and not apologizing for it.
Next Saturday! I believe it's the 21st :)
you wouldn't need the ice pack if I was there!!! :-)
I wanna see The Hunger Games so bad :((
Would love an "Until We Have Faces" Deluxe Version! Bought Deluxe CD/DVD versions of your other 2.
Wow! Thanks everyone for all the awesome birthday wishes! I'm feelin' the Aries love!
haha- you will #patience and it'll be huge
Wow.....I got a perfect score on my science test Friday :D
dang no more a.k.a (no twitter paul)
Calls for an upper elementary PEOPLE prep program and the expansion of AVID.
Free massages, photo booth, drinks & April issues are ready for the event tonight! Who's coming?
Nah Not Yet.
Follow back?(:
Mixed feelings about said announcement, but it does seem pertinent to my diss! The 2-week epic conference adventure has officially begun!
thanks for the follow
If you're a guy, and you hug me from behind, you earn brownie points.
If ur sexting in ur sleep would that be considered a wet dream????
After I cut all those fucking puppies from the last draft? Good call on the whale, though. Unconscious plagiarism I swear
* texts * I need to think. I'll talk to you about this tonight
LA countdown:) 15 days!!!!
you got it!
- new_org will be there too!
CMGO setting up for EOD push.. hearing big things next week!!!
Drugs are bad, m'kay?
Can't argue with that. So many have no interest in sprvsing/mgmt, which is fine. But I want to and I like that gene in ppl.
Pretty stoked about the TACORAMA Special Film Screening by Cine las Americas today at 6pm....who else is going?
Yeah, I'm kinda nervous to get the Sat & Sun tickets, therefore losing the possibility for Friday night. Hmm... tricky.....
it might be more like 11 ish I have to go to the animal shelter an drop off some stuff
Haha did you know that humans aren't the only ones who perform oral sex. Cheetahs, hyenas, and goats all go down!
What time?
don't troll my tweets!
Watching to kill a mockingbird <3
am getting sick. not good :-(
Great to have buddies who are pursuing fitness goals. We'll need to chat more to talk about progress.
CBS' 48 Hours is profiling the Cynthia Sommer arsenic "poisoning" case. Keen to hear what the SD DA has to say about this.
Ahh, the sweet smell of burgers and franks on a park grill!
I'm kidding doesn't cut her hair at all it goes down to her ankles<U+270C>and I love her she's perfect
I didn't know G.O.O.D music signed Teyana Taylor
yo! Upstairs at Speakeasy if you're interested :)
#amreading Nell Freudenbeger's Newlyweds. So far, very much enjoying it. Other opinions?
#upearlytotrain #Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, time to bring it!
key phrases you should stop talking when you hear yourself say #41: "I don't want to spoil anything for you, but"
You should have told us! and I would have come and help.
Getting ready to leave. Shower, brush teeth, and all the jazz. I'm hungry. Someone feed me!
#FF FOLLOW MY MOST FAV FOLLOWERS LOVE all them ALL
programmers are forever young?
lol its almost done!! Don't rush it!
Congrats! My friend has been promoted to Vampire Rockstar of Development! Whoot! Whoot!
Thank you I'm so honored 2 b on the cover & share space w/ such amazing women! RT: nice feature on
My intention is to draw new office seekers to my building this week to share in the success energy there.
I know a great #screenplay when I read one and that one was on fire!!
I'm in Brooklyn and I might not make it tonight...lol
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man. TODD RAMOS - grey and black hoodie With Grey pants.
hung over and horny. Hbu?.: GM! How u?
"[T]here are other goals than the depolarization of the two sexes, other wounds than sexual wounds... other politics than sexual politics."
WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITHOUT ONE DIRECTION? RT PLZ
We don't have 2 "butter" God up! Just come boldly B4 His throne & ask 4 what you have need of. God knows EVERYTHING! Especially our motives!
I Hate When I'm In That Cadillac & People Lookin All In My Car & Shit!
How are you today??
buddy of mine claiming eggs over egg whites. I am on team egg white. Please help settle this debate. Thanks.
for the time being, the Hillsboro libraries are open, and they have free wifi.
Want something to do today? Join Melinda Wang '99 on an tour of Chelsea art spaces, followed by cocktails! Noon today!
Hey y'all! On Thursday he rose again!
we blowin up kid, lets take these fans with us.
Finally home from work. Longest day ever.
sorry its spam messaging
hahaha dude solid
Looks like I'm getting some strength back- still not sure what kicked my ass so bad to have lost it so suddenly- shoulder injury of somekind
Follow back love....Thanks :)
love you too girl! :( fanks carrot!
Well, I survived my first day and night in San Francisco!
lol thank u what's good
Kate “: Retweet with ONE NAME of someone to pray for.”
I miss you too! And I'm good how about yourself hotayyyyy? Proms in a week!
Tonight I'm getting baked and watching Ninja Turtles. Yupp.
follow me please?
#SinceWhen is it ok to go "honka honka" at your friend's girlfriend?
deep breaths. deep breaths. deep. breaths. via
Thanks for RT blessing- That was great! :)
YEAH he did! :) I got a good one my friend!
yeah, i'm going to the library to hammer some things out on Saturday
Woke up Feeling Great!
Lake Bluff, RIverCrest and The Point on the River will all be open tomorrow before the #SuperBowl! Get your condo shopping in early!
Thinking about intentional (non)use of social media.
Thanks for the #FF!
yess we do, but w o && cause than theyre gonna go gay for eachother :/ But yes ASAP!
Sing to a girl. Chicks dig being sang too.
good morning, im so not ready for another day at school..i wish i had another week of spring break
hey im just wondering... is ted thompson a nice guy?
If you could change one thing about yourself what would you change? Why?
How far away is that from where you live? Do you have pictures?!
haha I still got mine.
Awake in bed waiting for something happen .. Unfortunately it's still morning -_- bored bout play the game like a loser
RT : Gov Quinn @ #OakPark Farmers' Market at to sign bill to help low-income shoppers use LINK cards to buy fresh
Knowledge is a great servant but an incapable master.
worst secret ever! lol
Cannot wait to sleep tonight #sleepy <U+E40E><U+E13C>
the force is strong here, I know because there's an app for it
Oh Wow! That's a job! Is someone helping you? You can't possibly do that in one day. Those aren't closets, their stores!
Bright and early. Feeling lucky to be alive. Let's hope its a good day.
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays to have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE
hell yes best combination ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You and Liam are super cute. <3 y'all. -AliPaige
Why nostalgia and the internet are increasingly important for comics
Can't wait to get back to Lex....
": Damn omg rest in peace Todd wtf is going on ?" Dam he really pass
Must communicate successes differently different audiences have different needs
Tango & Cash clearly deserved more than 2 stars.
Do you know what is more beautiful to look at than the stars in the sky at night? The Answer is: a Beautiful Woman! such as you!
Listen to the premiere of #JLo's new song #DanceAgain TOMORROW at 10am and the top of every hour!!
I don't care what people say SNL still puts me in a good after all these years. Total smile on face moment,
Happy fat Tuesday phat 2s day
As do we. RT Do you have a flag that needs cleaning before Memorial Day? We clean American flags free of charge everyday
also any plans to do a show in DC in the near future?
If doesnt follow me I wont be #Chill :/
Fuck School Tomorrow To Tired .
Precisely so. Thanks. :-)
lmao :-) that would be crazy.
Why is there always a long ass line at the damn post office?
Do we give up that 25th pick for mike wallace now??
Very cool. Please keep us abreast of the details (seriously)
Watching The Change-Up. Asked my BF 4 a pickle while he was up. He always gvs me a nervous "R U pregnant?" once over when I ask 4 1. LOL
him or singletary
swing through in the evening if u can
Well I think you should unlock it just for that tweet then lock it up again haha
Lol what? When?
"I was fine til 7:05 til she walked out my door and right out of my life." Happy Jonas Day!
Badger football and hoops seasons end in similar fashion: poor crunchtime clock mgmt and TO headscratchers.
Happy Golden Birthday have a marvelous day!
LOCALS NIGHT! Locals Entry is just $5!!
mantra the shit out of it
I just want to completely fuck one of my followers.
Bynum, too big. Add that to the fact that he's got genuine offensive skill. Ridiculous.
I'll never be noticed by my idol you taught me many things thanks
#StarshipsVideo was amazing. Youre so gifted. #StarShipsVideoOnMtv AMAZING!!!! Stay awesome!!!
Working on some new songs!
Looking for a good read? Thinking for a Change: 11 Ways Highly Successful People Approach Life and Work.
Got up @ 2:00 this morning n almost, ALMOST turned on the heater. Feeling like Fall (which arrives Friday)tonight's low:? 60 SD, 54 E Cnty.
Just played "Everlong" acoustic version on the guitar. My first attempt at a song with drop-D tuning. That song is timeless.
Breakfast Awesome western omelet, and love the coffee.
good morning everybody hope you all do good today.....
Hi Valentin - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, also following you!
Not a trace of white outside....we must be on 23rd and North.
Maybe Cain & Thomas deserve the "heat". The assertions against both are sexual harrassment NOT their ethnicity
well i was done after the first set of numbers for the mega millions. better luck next time?
We're cruising in the same boat my friend.
my own sister even hate me!
damn...its gonna rain tomorrow
overnight successes normally take many years of work....
thanks for pointing out the stupidity. #ihavefatfingers ;) lol
Wow! I'm glad that my coworkers are so insightful and full of great ideas. I can't wait to start our new advertising and marketing campaign
Thanks for the retweet. Have a great New Year's Eve and day weekend
RATM - Why not go on tour? ... We're Waiting.
I'll never be loved by you </3
Mia Hamm was in the office today and I didn't get the photo op. Blew it
#ThatsWhatIWant #FOOD - A steak with oven roasted potatoes and ratatouille;at least though I thought.1 cooking hour later:NOT hungry anymore
If you dont puke on christmas you didnt drink enough. Lol
No problem. Hope had a Great time at her gig. (:
Shoutout to Come see us at 10:30 Saturday night at Ramskeller.
Well thanks to Hostel 3.. my vegas birthday plans are now ruined
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. Confucius
's, River Lane Inn, Jackson Grill, Packing House
Racing does not define a runner, running does.
hell no :-P
How many years after GM hit $1B revenue will it be before a company hits $1T? cc:
He is no lawyer who cannot play both sides- Charles Lamb
That'd be a really short show. Agent 1 "There's a body." Agent 2 "Jason did it." The end.
Walking tip: Mix it up! Include periods of very brisk walking followed by slower, recovery times.
Finally got to meet the today<3 I love them so muchh
Done. I'll touch base closer and I'm sure I can find when/where on the google.
then how does one learn?I like shaking them off and moving fwd but I see no wrong in highlighting some errors.
Don t want to talk sports too much but meta world peace should be banned for nba playoffs. Awful
favorite player man!!!! Wish i could come to NY and watch... Someday!! Yankee for life!
damnit. i gotta go back to the bank #again. its only my third time today.
When folks use obscenities in their tweets to me it makes me NOT want to follow them back. Lack of vocabulary = dumb.
I remember talking to oomf on the phone until I was falling asleep lol
Sitting out on my deck drinking a smoothie in the sun. #Spring Break
Wow! Those look amazing. Enjoy!
Much love to your whole crew! One of my favorites! Y'all shouldn't have left.
these #oscars are horrible bro....horrible.
supp! Im back
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
whoa!!! wasn't expecting that!
I still haven't started...I just want it to be over =[
#poem Return from lunch with boss/fall ass over teacup:skirt up stockings shred/commute relieved by road rage/dog greets with unfettered joy
Got some extra time today? Stop in and check out our latest phones like the Aviator 4G LTE!
Eek, bad storm?
Another sunny day? Boy lady luck is shining on us right now.. but seriously who's ready for lunch?
Girl I just wanted u to know I can't get u out my head
I got high-afroman
elease boo boo u need to stop u really like gettin ur ass beat!
... and you'll be dreaming of his statue.
More posts coming soon! Thanx to all the readers who continue to be supportive. :)
when you go to an event: use # and tweet smart &/or search for the things u want to tweet about, find good # to chat
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation, you slip of on when you meet a stranger, you dance all night, then you throw it away.
Better Mute it
Hi Steve Thanks for the follow, What is your fathers name? please I knew a Jack Golding. Thanks Steve
Aw. Thanks!
Whoo! Made it to bear creek! I hear great music in the background, gonna go check it out!
Alright Memphis. Cool. Go Grizz.
Welcome to the Patriots! Can't wait to see you out there on the field in a uniform. Congratulations!
Justin bieber is our mystery celebrity im guessing haha
No doubt
ooohw yeah that's a really big problem lol ^.^
we love you back!
Trying to pretend that didn't just bring in chocolate fudge covered pretzels, one of my favorites!
I"m a song writer can you help me brother man
Oh, I don't mean the intensity - just not sure if they would comprehend the politics behind it. Perhaps upper HS, not K-8.
Have a good night.
Woolard: I think we have competing ideologies. I think we will reach the same conflict a few months down the road disagreeing with committee
RT : I feel like a super secret agent! Flying across the country to discuss a new film.
of course! Im like the biggest giants fan. I'm a die hard since I was about 9(:
Cutee la you ^^
RT : Happy Friday, Friends! We hope you have a LOVELY and RELAXING weekend.
My haircut looks like I sat in the barber's chair and said, "Id like you to make me look younger, and also homophobic."
ME TOO. Want to go to HH and check it out sometime soon?
Oh my goodness! Sue the dinosaur at #saa11 Too excited for words! Thank you
July 15 - July 19 for a conference. Should have some evenings free. Email me at
Happy Thanksgiving Sal! Thankful you are still apart of my life! Love ya! Xoxo
not urs haha omg chill, I was saying other 1s. B4 us
just spent slightly too much time on tastespotting.com browsing macaron glamor shots
I hate you
I am really nervous about this. What do I say here? What are these alleged hashtags I hear about? Someone tell me about this thing.
Even tho we ain't together he is still mine <3
of course!!!!
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
I say we go downtown to Tina's again and battle that old man for the jukebox
Of course, AJax is having a solid start to the year.
Cuban Day Street Party on Milwaukee St. today 11am-4pm!!!!! Then head to Coa for $2 taps all weekend and amazing food specials!!!!!!!!!
Always an enjoyable time at , made even better by final tabling another dollar tournament on
About time Ja Rule made a twitter.
Now watching Amittyville Horror >:)
good luck Mat!! Hope all goes well!!
Happiness consists in activity: such is the constitution of our nature; it is a running stream, and not a stagnant pool.
...night as part of "name that tune" at trivia!
The greatest scheme was to tell my black people that if they sell drugs they could have the latest clothes, cars, fly girls, etc. It worked
EU has set goal of 2 nonnative languages for each citizen. US far behind. MLA should rally around unified language agenda.
Come on out for 2nd Sat! Come see what the #firestonedistrict is all about! You won't be disappointed!
Get him Taker!!
Well i ahve no car & no where to freaking go..
MACs are where it's at Lisa...(-:
i read about Honda in Japan working on finally bringing out the New NSX to go against GTR and LFA
So does driving a truck make you a country boy? :)
ur amazing! i LOVE yuu.(; it would be amazing if u could follow me!! plzplzplz love u so much!.<333
Bye bye Chicago you were fun but DC is my new flame
Is it too early to order your mom flowers for the big day? We don't think so-it's only 2 weeks away! Call us today!
where were you last weekend bro? We kept trying to hit you up
too stupid lmao
RATTA TAT TAT WIT MI GAT. EVERYONE SHOULD ADOPT A CAT.
happy birthday handsome :)
I think we should!!!
you actually think she replyed to me?
Sorry but Chris Brown music too childish, Trey Songz always been on some grown ish
i love you !
Uh, Dexter of the dachshund duo just snapped a chip directly out of my hand. Maybe that was my hint that I didn't need them anyway!
Probably because they were out there from the days when they wee USL clubs.
Some extra help would take away tha stress griffy da stiffy! P.S I actually clicked on the URL in your bio... Doesn't work FYI
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 61F FAIR
“: Don't even think about it Glee. #RIPMCA” <---- AGREE!
Wow this is scary. RT : Unreal Boston skyline
NPR Music launched its long-awaited iPhone app today.
happy anniversary!
you stink
Hope you are all having an awesome Saturday! We are heading to Old Hickory Lake in Lebanon to go boating and tubing with the kiddos! Please…
yeah, it's baffling. Makes me wonder what the thought process is behind it. There must be some reason they stick w/ it right?
It<U+FFFD>s funny how he does nothing, but you continue to fall for him
including you(:
if you hook up your computer modem to your 70 inch tv so you can say Worlds biggest computer monitor you are a digital redneck!
oh Halloween duh! Sorry No wonder I failed that class.
LOL! He'd believe me too.
You will definitely be missed!
I still think Coach Taylor should've given Riggins some reps at linebacker.
oh you mean that "little" team u once supposedly played for? Trust me benchwarmer, we owe you no favors!
thanks for making time today, congrats and have fun in New Orleans
Having a blast at the Home Instead Senior Care annual convention!
Can we all vote for a statewide sick day the Monday after Super Bowl?
Little dudes comin in with their parents and then going to sit by themselves, I remember those says lol
hm...leave me alone! Lol
Such a beautiful day outside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Another Day Another Dollar, Happy Wednesday.
Final exam done and over with!!
QoTD: "Winning is the science of being totally prepared." (George Allen)
plays newsreel from "March of Time"...
Did everyone have a good weekend besides the #Brewers problems?
I hate that I was an hour away from you and I didn't get to meet you! :(
www.FreeXpedia.com Why FREE? We Give away Free Trip for 2 CASH Avery month.Enter Now: "Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes" It,s Free to Enter!
U.S. food labeling laws allow products to be called "sugar-free" if they don't contain table sugar. Most are full of other kinds of sugar
Shoutout to the folks out in cali for all their orders/support, lots of #packer fans out there but then again we are
mexican food
that thing about Charlie wasn't song lyrics lol it was just some random thought lol
The curse of RISP
Good weekend
Work is soO0oo0Oo boring today. All I want to do is be outside in the warmth and eat mr. softeee. IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK!?
The akward tan line from your socks after a tournament..
okay, will get in the shower now!
Oh, hooray. They are drilling into the concrete walls next to my office.
15 million e-mails about comm week later...
Well I guess I shouldn't be surprised the US lost to England 2-0 in Soccer
Most dull and boring debate ever.
Connaughton: We're lucky to have two international gateways in Virginia -- Norfolk and Dulles Airport.
My good lord, i missed that last night, but I cannot stop watching this .gif. Flinch every time.
“: GEORGE JONES RELEASED FROM HOSPITAL:" that's what I am talkin' about!
Driving from #Albuquerque to #Farmington #NewMexico is so beautiful...
ham + mayo alone is pretty gnarly.
Had my first workout on the #rollers where I was dripping sweat! No more being out of shape in spring.
What's the real reason a brunette keeps her figure? No one else wants it. #BlondesBelieb btw. i love brunettes!
springtime in nyc so pretty:)
Biggest hypocrite ever ew stay away from me
goes hard!!
ok i guess that will be all right :)....Good Luck
My only complaint-- we've got restaurants here where I get no reception at the register... so I can't connect to get my rewards.
Thanks for everyone who is online for the Discovery webinar on Mobile Lending Trends!
Lol, no one in particular.
Riders on The Storm.
oh no =-O please don't tell me you have issue with her...so bday hug? Come.and see me lol
YOU OLD
I must really like you if I called you bay.(:
Hey, thanks for following our band in Nashville! :)
lol is the party not fun
Just found out that a friend's father passed away - a fatal car crash. Times like these that remind us to cherish time with loved ones.
I'm really tired.
Gadhafi's name would probably be trending right now if americans knew how to spell it.
This week when I came to lunch .
$35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND DRINK! Watch the Super Bowl at the Soiled Dove Underground and enjoy all you can eat wings, pizza, chili and...
eeeppp! i might get a pug!:) <3
The ironic thing about all this snow and cold weather is that my office is about 150 degrees. I literally have a fan pointed at my face.
I am not sure about being a good singer, since he lip syncs at all of performances
Cycling thru the catalogue on the way to Grandma's house with
It's kinda sad that I get more spam in my Twitter reply timeline than anything else.
#FF and my personal hero in life
is a bird for those last couple of tweets fam
Is there a new album out today Travvveyyyyyyyyyyyy?? i don't understand what's going on
The tool in front of me is listening to 3 Doors Down. I remember 7th grade..
Thanks for the new followers! Please RT to get more ppl involved w/ a great org!
so adorable, I wouldn't want to leave either!
RT : "Not every successful man is a good father. But every good father is a successful man." – R. Duvall
She said her name was Asya seen her up on world star maybe she's a stripper maybe she's a porn star ...
Nice! I'd wear the male version.
Can't wait for the rest of the team to arrive in San Diego and for #alamw11 to kick off later today!
Call Me Maybe on the radio!!! <3
Angry bride works much better than angry groom in wedding planning situations ;)
Happy Birthday!! :)
#ARealBoyfriend wouldn't be afraid to say he loves you in front of his friends no matter what the say<3
A good name is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
Today we release a new feature on the work of Rachel Blau DuPlessis. Stay tuned!
Listening to Michael Felger talk about the #Celtics is quite painful.
where's
And that's a record percentage. RT : Need a free proofread on that resume, let me know...
#socialbusiness - When you recognize that everyone in the community plays a role, not just the influencers.
Straight Chillin in
RT if your name is Julia
I guess my lunch must have looked good cuz someone stole it Wired ppl
RT : Excited for today's talk by on "Planned Obsolescence" at 2pm in the ! Be there or be obsolete!
sending image of tweets and recap of our talk in email blast to 600+ museums and directors cuz most r not on Twitter!
I can't buy you expensive stuff, but you can bet I'll show you love. Show you how much I care. If love is here, then I'm right there.
If I were I would consider a restraining order. Seems like smear machine Media Trackers tweets criticisms at him every 5 mins
That beloved Christmas tree? It also doubles as a giant matchstick so keep it away from heat sources, water it and go easy on the lights.
: that craiglist post is not funny at all. Sike!
"I can't wait for all our kids to be friends"
Chapter 3: pregnancies
If you don't want anyone to know, don't do it. ~ Chinese Proverb
not only am I covered in coffee stains, I now have copier ink all over my hands and on my coat.
today's fact: plants' unique chemical makeup lets them recognize their own siblings!
Niggas Hate Me...Cause I Never...Back Down...#IKeepComing!
“: Army!!! What could I win?”. A date with Todd Hamilton. J/k. Mellow cash money and we'll play a song in ur honor.
Hard rain right as my head hits the pillow. Looks like a great nights sleep. : p
you know, if isner loses, he'll just move on. if seppi loses, it will be heartbreaking.
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
I PLAYED THE FUCKING BETA. THIS IS BEYOND RIDICULOUS.
Happy Monday Folks
'Tis the season for holiday band and orchestra concerts! What's your favorite piece to perform and why?
ZICO will be in downtown LA by 7th Street & Fuguaroa for lunch time sampling. Come by & get yourself an ice cold ZICO!! BTW...we have choco!
hakuna matata, it means don't worry
Looking at these commercials about the effects of smoking.. God <U+E107>
Chill mode in this cold world sometimes its survival of the fittest
My mom just barked at the bartender in the Dewar's lounge.. SMH!
She thinks men cheat b/c of a problem with the wife, not a problem with themselves.
lol Nah.. u tried to go in on bulls fans and tagging my name in it.. y'all dseserved that whooping
what's up homes. Nice pirate pic.
ah I'm sorry:( We must hang out soon!
I should've been brushed my teeth
he cheats every where he coaches!
...and my neighbors have avocados, lychee, mangos, and coconuts. Literally falling from the trees. It's AWESOME!
Spending time with Jesus on my way to work crying for my city.
We here at Lindsey & Nayad stand for EXTREME MARIA SOLUTIONS.
One of the most treacherous places in Chicago: the #TraderJoes parking lot on Lincoln.
you dont know your beautiful <3
Things ain't always what they seem ppl
Aren't U Scared Of Hurricane Irene??
i love watching people dance
I like his 5 million tweets.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. - George B. Shaw
Items are returnable with receipt until the date on receipt, why not redeem coupon with receipt until exp. date?
can yall follow me ive been voting nonstop and tweeting you and yall havent seen it so can you please see this and followme
dammit Denver, picking up where they left off in game 1, no focus.
can't help myself. i'm gonna open the present from Jamane. (':
I'm a funny girl! has u can see i can take a good laff! i love hugs!!! Also i play the guitar and dinosaurs rule the world!!!! RAWR ( ;
I am such a philosophical whore... haha.
I go to the moon
Great! I ran out of books! And my book is on both bestseller lists from my publisher (which is reassuring). How's the movie?
Sigh. I'm attempting to turn things around, again, and get the same effect by going to the gym.
Baylor is that squad doe.
beat me by 8 seconds. bitch
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Unfollowing anyone who was rooting for the frickin Giants
“Good fiction is made of that which is real, and reality is difficult to come by.” - Ralph Ellison
I used to know the entire 1987/1988 Red Sox line-up by heart & that Wade Boggs had a tradition of eating chicken before a game.
As ridiculous as it seems, I think Lockhart fit Ravenclaw. He did get everyone to believe he was smart, that's pretty smart.
Things will get better, it's up to me to start the change
Haha! Good choice, I love me some !
Miami Heat are my team. Wade is epic. Still hard for me to accept LeBron though.
My brother is staying home from school on Mon. Because of NATO in Chicago. He goes to H.S. In the city. Lots of scared people here.
Only download of punta Cana... No vodka. Gonna pour some of that sweet sweet nectar when I'm back in the states
I may only sunburn once a year before I'm set for the summer, but damn does it burn when I do.
In order for brilliant ideas to live, the mediocre ones must die.
#Fridayreads Borrowed Finery by Paula Fox
What The Hell What About Us?? Lol Jk Jk
Happy St. Paticks day!!!
but my hips dont lie.
For all the #BlameBobo venom out here... Let's be real.. Richt was in control of what we did on that 3rd down.
That was supposed to be from me too RT : I'm glad you liked it :-) i love you too
"Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you."
They're some hott guys in disney;))
Getting a taste of home at coney dog :-)
Between all the Pink, Daughtry, Nickelback, Script, One Republic, Kelly Clarkson, Katy Perry, Taylor Swift there's just no room :)
:) right back atcha
You mean with the telephone? ;-) I like Internet research!
see also: College Football
Welcome 93.3 KOB-FM listeners. Leave us a post and say howdy.
lmao hit me up Jesse RT: S/O to Jesse "She's a good singer and pretty cute :3"
thanks and can fucking do!
Watching a crazy movie...
just rewatched your interview on #Prop8 with Ted Olson... Why can't the GOP field candidates like him? Kind of my hero.
SRY! I can't tonight what about tomorrow? Are you going home for Thanksgiving?
Solnit, Paradise Built in Hell, daring thesis:"We cannot welcome disaster, but we can value the responses, both practical and psychological"
Bored in the hospital again. Already watched The Walking Dead. Now about to watch Drive. Still, very restless. I want my little guy home.
Romeo&Juliet ISN'T a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13-yr old &a 17-yr old that caused 6 deaths. ~sincerely,i read the book
#LawAbidingCitizen is on TNT tonight. It's a gripping crime-thriller with #JamieFoxx and #gerardbutler. Who's badder? Watch & see!
shut up . before you get beat up .
awesome, thanks for answering. Just wanted to double check ;)
That was thee best #RAW I've seen in awhile #Taker finally returns
sTOP TYPN THEN GESH LOL nICE GOOD BEAUTIFUL JOB TODAY!! U KILLED IT (like always)
there's the Redbone I was waiting for
I wonder how BLloyd feels when you mention Lafell as a weapon for Cam but he's not one for Tebow. Maybe Tebow can't throw.
Both but you NEED 7 that are in past tense!
You're in love with me? Awh, how sweet. :') Love you too.
Sorry we lost you hope you come back.
She can have good advice sometimes lol
But yet he stay leaning over my shoulder to see what I'm about to write
I worked with him a while back. He's awesome.
Today I started getting my office organized and set up. It's my first office! I feel so grown up. Working my way up to hospital manager!!!
yay!!! Only a year until she comes to the US :)
"Please refrain from cell phone use while dining as it interferes with the controls on our deep fryer"
yes. I told her it is one of our favorite comics we've ever read. I bought the next one in the series. She broke up with the guy
I hope the Vikings new stadium doesn't have a roof on it. Football is meant to be played in the elements not in a giant bubble.
#KenDowning, ' fashionisto says a must buy for spring: silver shoes, BIG prints & anything navy
bang bang band is selena gomezs new song...
ah ima be up all night
Well I knew that from a while back... but if you just look at the credits of the soundtrack he should be on there..
Me either :( Finally she and Mer are close.. And I <3 her with Mark.
followed, follow back? :D
the new hawk eye. It's a remote control airplane with a digital camera. they cost 80$. Great for either Sean or jayden
is going to have Pro Skier Rory Bushfield at their booth. He will be signing posters today and Saturday.
SMH... Finna take my ass back to sleep.
2 weeks until the Aaron Koppel Quartet records their 3rd album Multiverse. We are recording at Hinge in Chicago for the Jazz Label...
Steve Justman is here to perform a selection of traditional folk music for your lunch hour pleasure!
#amwriting tonight after the gym. Can't wait. I miss diet coke.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE marsh wrens!!!!!!!
yo where you at you think you could get me on your way ?
Just made a Twitter Background/
Summer reading suggestions? The book I want to read doesn't come out until June 5.
My gushing about is getting old. But each week they outdo the last. Mad Men issue is outta this world! Gone through it 2x already.
One has to applaud Obama for making his decision at this time in the campaign instead of waiting until after the election.
Economy, job options prompt graduates to look to nonprofit field - The Daily Pennsylvanian
he said SHE a dead beat DAD
RT : Just received my Kickstarter rewards today. That has to be the biggest mug I've ever seen! (Love the shirt too)
RT : Q4 What challenges to education equity still remain today? Please use Q4 to respond & remember the #BVBchat hashtag.
Thnx to all 700+ educators who joined the Partnership at our #ECJE #ECE Modern #Jewish Family conference!
just ordered my new drivers license
Ehhhhhhhhhh....stick a pin in that idea. We'll visit it later....
Hey bro!!! How are u? Sorry I missed out last night!> ": hey Khrystina!!"
#undernocircumstances should a heartbeat be stopped in the name of "choice"
BREAKING: Missing 9yo Iyana Taylor found safe. She returned home.
:Wow 4 real whats their deal...Never heard of that happening!
Just found out that #H50 was renewed for Season 3!
Got a new winch for my jeep
Fun fact: the second day back from work after vacation is actually the hardest.
Imagine a TV producer having to explain - and defend - the story you pitched. Give her the facts she needs to do that.
Sending an English person to control your kids? You know who set that trend? Mr Belvedere.
Had a good workout! I'm gonna like this gym!
Star struck? Bice's recent celebrity guests include Megan Mullally, Robert Rodriguez and Blake Bell!
- one of the best N this! Thanks 4 supporting me! If I told ya'll about all the foolishness we started this thing with.....
On the way to Burlington to buy the baby's changing table:D
RT My arms are sore from Just Dance... I need to exercise more
Toddlers & Tiaras? #SpoiledBrats .. RT if you agree!
oh I haven't read it or watched the movies...I heard its really good!
Today is just not my fucking day
Where my bf Sylvia ? Haven't talked to her :(
Ok friends: I got hired to bartend for movement (demf) but I would have to work all weekend. Is the money or the music???
Eric Decker trending on twitter
- well put.
me all the time: what am i even doing
In the studio Venice crew tracking vocals with a spanish flavor fo sho!
Don't forget to wear black today!
thank you I will read it!
hi ian<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
hey! You're catching on, anything earlier than 12 I'm asleep unless im working haha
Seriously love life at the minute
Getting a new company website this week! W.pacificexposition.com.
Repost this!!! Check out Tour Stop on facebook (www.facebook.com/tourstop) and on myspace (www.myspace.com/tourstop).
Good things come to those who wait.
I promise to click on all of them!
Nothing like a great #superbowl party with the boys and my best girl. The Halftime brownies are awesome!
RT : tearing it up at #campit talking agile portfolio mgmt. << awesome Babicz!
We just finished up making videos 4 a PSA (public service announcement) project. 4 human rights unit.
I tried texting that number but it was someone different
hates my typewriter lol
Forbes magazine predicts Madonna, The Muppets and the Three Stooges will enjoy big comebacks in '12. And we had such high new year hopes.
you're the girl all the bad guys want(;
I need to start planning my dad's 60th birthday party. Need ideas...
Cannot afford such a slow start in the 2nd though.
Michigan is finally....finally back
Can someone please keep me posted on Idol, I'm not at home.
thanks for passing along MSU social media catalog page
I went apt hunting again today.. Im looking for something in rhe Wsu area.. It is so hard..
BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT TO LoC!! Happy Birthday thanks for all the good times!!! This ones for you!
stay cool adam always my bro..you are the freshest..
Great! Will do!
hello! please look for an email from us in ''. thanks!
That cortado was the one
lol sounds like a plan when I get back to Cali
TODAY: Sunny. HIGH 65. TONIGHT: Showers after midnight. LOW 52. TUESDAY: AM showers. HIGH 66. WEDNESDAY: P. Cloudy. HIGH 67
One of my biggest musical regrets is not being able to see Gil perform live.
Haha tired but doing good what about you?
<U+E414> you're welcome! Have a good one <U+2764>
Starting to feel like my Econ class in HS was harder than my College econ class....
Why would I follow a married actress? Bring on the single chicks!
This audience is going to be DIY'ers mostly--so it'll be about the basics of appraisal, preservation, starting a program.
Watching Burlesque with my daughter--dang that can BELT!!
"OnMilwaukee.com DealOfTheDay is $8 MilwaukeeWave tickets for tomorrow nts game vs Don't miss out!" - <- do it!
So very sorry for your loss, Shay.
Theaters threatening to raise admission of 2-D to buffer 3-D costs + lackluster movies in general = me @ home reading a book.
Black and Red scrimmage today. Defense wear black, Offense wear red. If u are playing both, bring both.
Saturday, April 28 RT : I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHEN THE NEXT RUB IS
Wins 600k euros, "not exactly happy with it"
Look, man. You're 30. You're a big boy. Too big to ask a lady out on facebook. Oy gevalt.
I love love love when you go on these missives. Seriously.
There was a time when I wouldn’t have worried about this...she knew I was on her side.
Not really tho
is most definitely wifey type.... ; )
I think it's because u are a libra
That's awesome. Do you use it often?
Thomas W. Higginson~ Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes.
I miss my old evergreen friends!
Ron Kittle, 1987If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil
Tweet is now running marvelous, it should do for the cost, but worth it. Busy day all around. Red or white tonight?
transforming from good to great!!! Haha ha
Wonder if the new hitting coach went grey watching all the touted prospects get called up & fail. O_o
There is a great need for a sarcasm font.
At practice gonna be a fun night!
it's hard to dance with a devil on your back
shit is stare at you too if you lookin like that Avi lol
One more day!
#Teamfollowback can I get more followers? :)
Vaginal probing, attacking Girl Scouts for not not rejecting alt lifestyles, anti gay marriage! LEAVE US ALONE!
Summer movie season has begun. Got my tix for The Avengers tomorrow who
Yeah, I don't get it. I love Twitter but most people I know in #Brevard have ZERO interest. Well I'm off to DowntownMelb!
“When you are present, you can allow the mind to be as it is without getting entangled in it. The mind in itself is a wonderful tool...
#FLORIDA were the sun is shining
you are quite the hostess! Always makes me want to come hang out w/ you guys, as the Shorts' parties sound like a blast! :)
These niggas on facebook be acting too "P" like they dont got a heart with feelings.....you aint fooling nobody
Thanks for the follow Pamela! Great to be connected!
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive it isn't. ~ Richard Bach ~
Thanks for helping! ...remember, no cash donations, we're just looking for free stuff for the school's silent auction!
looking for a drummer! Hit us up ;D (must be ready for shows, promos, tour etc)
On the ground in LA. About to see how Rose Bowl Duck fans are celebrating New Year's Eve
Rest and heal. <hugs>
so true doc. I heard you are coming to Tulsa?
Live Free Or Die. Some restrictions apply.
Person in front of you hesitating at a green light? Breep your horn.
We already have a wrap-up show, superfan show, celebrity superfan. Not enough original content as is
Would you like a Watkins Product Catalog please call or email me for request with mailing address, thank you Toll Free Number 1-877-331-1629
Ahmed, you were the most clutch point-forward in Country Day history.
<-- *rhythmically clapping #marchmadness theme*
sure, henna is cool, as long as its applied with needles
#ThoughtsWhileRunning can someone randomly walk by and shoot me so I don't have to continue on. us at track <U+2665><U+2665>
Was that cigarette lady that use to yell RAAAAMMMONNNNN???
Everyone has a dream so great where they wish it was actually reality, my life at this moment is that dream. -Alex <3
i'd say you have no idea how much i love those nachos. but... you do. cc:
#HappyFriday All Night & Weekend I have YOUR passes to 's Exclusive Screening of #BattleShip with Who wants em?!!!!
Thanks for the invite and good luck at the new gig.
That IS a dilemma. Maybe hide one at the scene, like in the Godfather?
Thanks ma'am! And, of course you're included. That's the "magic" of reply all. (The gift that keeps on giving. To everyone.)
I mean chronograph, with an h. meh...
Even Ratatouille's screenplay was better. I'll never get over that race. I'm bitter this many years later
wouldn't it? Or would it be full of breast and explosions?
im tired :3 going to bed, night(:
Jealous. Karen is da bomb!
Pretty standard for me. 107cc all in on Qh8c9c flop against Q5 (lol) and of course I brick everything. Guy yelled like he won main event.
that is tough one Brandon and a lot of nights working...
RT : Stop in to Nomad World Pub for Trivia tonight and Rehorst Drink Specials featured all day every day!
Deloitte Consulting recruits from top schools in Canada and countries where English is widely spoken such as India and Hong Kong
Hahahahaha I'm dyin dude it's T-RAW on the track!
I gotta have a "fit" & fall on the ground. Hahahaha
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
Its Tuesday, I have 3 words for you.... Brass. Monkey. Karaoke.
what's up my dude can u give me a shot out?
Two years ago on conference track & field Tuesday: Vander Blue backed off his verbal to UW & covered Badger meet at Fort.
I'm thinking the best remedy for a chilly windy day is chicken dumpling soup.
you and brighten my evening like no other <3
yep yup
2011 triathlon season officially over. Ticket for 2012 Kona lottery purchased. Now, to stop thinking about #triathlon for at least 2 weeks
Lolol. Like I don't cuss ;D
Don't hate the player...hate the game. cc
get more!!
At #Westfield #Vancouver mall touring the planned cinetopia!
Happy Birthday Coach Nick Lynch ....R.I.P. Brother
Trying to figure out what I can and can't take on a plane is frustrating...
of course you did & there's nothing wrong with it ... I made a choice too. care to chime in?
I got RT and return to Boston. My tiket says 4:50, but I'm sure I asked for earlier. But it's good for any trip on that day.
are you still on my love <33 :]]*
I said I rather be with you, but your not around ...
you're welcome. hapy to help. ahem....anytime!
My F5 button is getting a workout this morning...!
haha, you underestimate us sir
Thank you for your faves list- excellent way to grow my personal PLN! Have a fantastic weekend!!
first year has been great! Words of advice: don't procrastinate, and you will be a lot more happy, and have a lot more free time
Irony Tests Reality Constantly…
Hope some who don't realize how offensive it is to use the word "rape" metaphorically learn from this thread.
I have a list of people I am gonna let have it during this ass whooping and after this ass whooping
what about there awesome beards <U+E057>
Am looking for a really good book on assessment (secondary schools). Any ideas?
Ready for a change. #gonnabemoreoutgoing(:
Dickie V shout out to KSR!!!
Recording my audition video for tonight, hopefully I can finish it up and send in by Friday. #nervous!
That just ruined my whole day ...
I'm not sure if it'll replace iTunes for me, but Spotify will be mighty fine when I want something new to listen to.
Oh, Lifetime! You've sucked me in again.
Butt tweeting is my vice.
Nasal Hair and Ear Tuft waxing now available for men
Time to hit the showers!!
: new sitcom idea is "So I Married a Hulk." Catchphrase is "Hulk hate meatloaf!" followed by much destruction of dining furniture.
I can't seem to comment in Great remix,
We care about what Bristol Palin thinks because????? #whogivesaf#$@
weird frothy rain flakes
Hey everyone let's try to get me up to 500 followers
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 33
thanks for the heads up! I just downloaded today's episode just to hear the song!
Alshon goes to "da Bears" - looks like I'll be their newest fan! 13th pick in 2nd round, 45th overall! #Gamecock proud!
Don't really get the whole twitter thing yet
So tired of other promoters stealing our Themes! Ridiculous.
At dive bar
Thanks for Following us! Enjoy your weekend!
Im so Happy
House of hunan* ...
it was that day I taught my daughter the word calamity.
Thank you, butter knives, for being harmless. Unless you're butter.
you made it home yet
BrownRiceFamily just won the "Battle of the Boroughs" representing Brooklyn. On to the next Boroughs.
last time #nufc finished 5th, they sacked their manager. Let's not have that happen again.
how did it go
That Brittany Spears tribute was like they were on X!!! Everything was so fast and all over the place...
well they have no life other then staring at pretty girls (whitch they know there not intrested)
While I was trying to figure out what was wrong... I had a real strong feeling to be quiet and be still... so I did... Continued next tweet
"I'll make my stand,,,right here with my friends"
it's fantastic! Lots of great energy, particularly in digital sphere. Also great start up culture--fabulous energy! How's Cali?
that's right girl!
oh cool! yeah, i don't own any of their stuff besides a head band i just got for running. i'd love to chat sometime!
Play constructive 1 on 1 games after 35-40 minutes of skill work to reinforce what you practiced during the workout.
Got A Bitch Name Katrina Pussy Katrina Cause Everytime We Fuck Her Pussy Wet As Katrina
Our smoothies have been scored by Weight Watchers! Just ask for the information in the store.
My calendar for may makes my head explode
Im comanding u to watch it cause im positive YOU will like it lol. So watch it. At least 1st episde
#sla2010 if u tape a presentation outside don't live next to a train
Evangelizing #dctech in Manhattan
Thanks to everyone that came out to our workshop last night. you were great!
I don't have any ham with me, but I will sell you some books!
okay dude. That works. Trav will still need a pick up
Cantor Rachel is FINALLY on twitter, follow for exclusive behind-the-scenes 411 of BTS Music. Welcome to #twitterville!
Thanks for that shout-out, !
I will be there in a few short months... BE JEALOUS!!!! BUAHHHH!!!
zbo makes the same each year lol
Yay! Did they let you in?
My dog is a bitch.
Everytime somebody mentions your name all I can think about is you going have 1
been sick since Sunday :/
is VOTING NO on the DISGRACEFUL and AWFUL proposed SAG contract. The AMPTP wants to ELIMINATE PAYING RESIDUALS and MEAL PENALTIES to actors!
Feeling great about today's audition! Thank you to for the travel to #NewYork from
It is amazing how much better google's search is versus bing.
If eating left over pizza for breakfast is wrong, we don't wanna be right!
if cab overcharged you let us know. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Of course he says he's not, his entire demographic is young girls who see him as a sex symbol.
Hogs n Heifers. Back to life, back to reality.
Im hungry!
Its the offical return....of MC
Sad to see Chad Clifton get released by the today. One of my favorite players. I'm a sucker for an awesome linesman.
i give you later :)
pretty name:)
DONT IM JUST LISTEN TO MUSIC DID ANYTHING EXCITING HAPPEN THAT MISS
Dang rain puttin a damper on my lunch plans to walk a mile to fix my qdoba craving. Cafeteria it is :(
Thank you! It's a huge relief. Now I've mastered an art!
Oh pierogis, you are so good to me.
um.... Yes I suppose you dont feel good to do that
Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
I'll be there. So will Rich Polt at CommunicateGood
Thanks everyone for "keepin' up with us." Have an exciting Thanksgiving and be excellent to each other.
When data can improve the customer experience, it's not a breach of privacy, it's adding value to regular consumer experiences.
Wish I could just skip 5th period today, I hate it. -.-t
Sounds like MA might open the checkbook yet. But as said earlier, hopefully not considering selling the farm.
"Now if I was going out with a girl for 7 weeks, you know what she'd be doing? She'd be playing the meat flute."
here i the love ;)
Putting together my first batch with new equipment this weekend! Any advice?
Apparently Grey Goose is not a sports drink
great meeting you at tonight! great party!
coloring easter eggs :)
checking out #MagicCity today! I hope it wasn't washed away.
Plz RT: seeks a social media manager. Light workload, no pay (free beers if you live in PDX!) Email
Donnie Murphy has more home runs than "Giancarlo" Stanton
Very productive month in business, have a nice weekend!!!
People who hurt animals should be eaten by bears.
Really like Yo La Tengo. Remind me of dinosaur jr., wilco and ween in varying doses.
Remember when people had spare time?
Felt my first earthquake in San Francisco, was that you ?
yeah i never went trick or treating ):
america needs a british & irish people tour. one direction, cher lloyd, ellie goulding, the wanted, the script, ed sheeran & more. PLEASE
James Marsden, never leave 30 Rock. That is all.
nigga you know I have impeccable grammar skills. I need not blame; I just know.
word thats.in my school too:(
HAPPY FRIDAY twitter world :)
Is this still the Stanford guy?
Im suppose to be at work... Ah well! Lol!
MASSASHUSETTS hollaaaaa haha i feel like i'm the only one not from california
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. ~Epictetus
omg you do that stuff in the MAIL?
Many companies do a large % of hiring from online posting.
I hate acting like i don't really care when really its tearing me up inside.
#yolo is always the answer.
It was a pretty good list - thanks for sharing it! #SoMeAwards were fun.
...Whenever as far as I know.
yep salads..Me and my veggie dinners..:)
Glad you enjoyed your time at MSP! RT : What a pleasure was last night. Friendly staff, great shops & restaurants.
#6 is the nicest person I have ever came across & I am truly thankful for every encounter I ever had with him <3
because you saw the episode of ID with that 100 year sentence
let's go phillies!!@
Tonight was good. Now all I want to do is lay here and fall asleep listening to .
Wore my first T-Fusion suit last night... AMAZING! Everyone wanted to touch it lol... Thanks bruh...
Just set reminders for tickets tomorrow at 10am + get season pass by June 30.
Hey, the person who deserved it actually won!
hahahah that sucks
happy Friday!
Now that our nails are done.. Lmao ... Time for some COD
Girl!! That's something I'm still trying to figure out!!! Soon!!!! Lol.
Not to say there aren't pro bloggers out there, but they're rare. Most #bloggerswelove do it b/c they love it & $ = perk.
So, I am giving up clubbing, getting a real job to impress and eventually marry a nice girl. No more weekend update with stinky Seth.
Thanks for the RT ! Have a Happy #FF!
out of context, that's hilarious enough to draw a fine.
Mercifully, it's over.
best part is that it is apparently a cloud-sourced project. Ha!
Damn right. RT : will help you recognize the importance & value of #Librarians in every facet of ed & publishing
Great for New Year's resolutions! www.optimalnutritioninc.com
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
Plants and Animals look forward to the spring
thanks so much! we're gettin hitched June 16th...need yo addy for an invitation!! :)
It never gets any easier when I lose someone dear. Just because I'm not shedding a tear, doesn't mean I'm not hurting.
Lower your healthcare spending on #asthma #migraine #arthritis #copd #diabetes using Mediclim #health alerts - thousands of others benefit
watched the congressional hearing on Concussion and the NFl. amazed how they all talk about education and never mention the families. sad
Artmonkeys Studios -- Hollywood connection?
Thank you!
I think I got my best friend in trouble...... /: her parents might think I'm a bad influence.
hey man, I don't car how much collagen lips cost, if you can afford that- your rich. :)
#nowwatching Harry Potter/Half-Blood Prince with TEN
Its like middle school never happened
You had me at first glanced :)
hey guys remember when replied to me? me either
The best feeling is when you've been stressing something and in the end everything worked out the way it was suppose to :) !!!
Will do! Thanks!
Drag queens scare me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
i did no such thing
Prepping for Shirim radio show tonight - catch me on the air streaming live www.wcuw.org 8-10pm eastern!
Im good just working away. How are you?
Singing: Boy I want u 2 knw, I can't get u outta my head, my head, my head, boy I want u 2 knw I dnt knw what u did but I luv it!
Ahh going to be cold and rainy/windy this week... it would be all good if it was just snowing all week....
idk how i did it i swore i failed omg whats your test on
new art looks bangin. we're still laying low for a little longer but we're writing and having fun see you around! gavin
because you don't get pregnant from a lack of vitamins.
-- #couldntagreemore --Dress up as a muggle...it's genius
follow me please!!
oh okay. And hope you talk to him and not just stare at him like a creep lol. Dude, you're lucky. Have fun!
Tryn hard not to slip into my old habbits
RT : Not feeling good at all <--- what's wrong ???
I'm catching a cold :(
haha(: your sweet:D
Just did our 3.1 mile walk for cystic fibrosis :-)
my favorite lately is a little random, and via my housemate : "cumdumpster from the trash factory".
Crazy amnt of snow on campus and in DC yesterday! SO MUCH FUN with snowball fights and snowmen built. Looking fwd to mtg our new ambs soon!
What's with all the kitty cat photos on Facebook lately? I mean, I like cats and all, but, really?
Our chemistry is kerosene
Congratulations and Mazeltov! Just had my 18yr wedding anniv last week. Phew!
life always sorts itself out eventually
Happy mothers day!
that's awesome haha. So are you now also stuck in some mystery standstill b/w como and STL?
Your Questions About Wood Privacy Fence Ideas
Kris and Jon are officially dating.
Is it unprofessional to use the term "amazeballs" amongst work colleagues? What if it is totally true?
Seriously, that's the life.
ooh take me on a date :)
Thank you lord
Who would watch mine & ustream????? It would be like our 10th one:D
This might have to happen as a campout or something. 3 'tinis in and I can barely walk!
It was funny your good... Where you from, if you don't mind me asking...??
Genius. Ya I've got the washing done. Now it's time to carbo load before the main drying event
Secrets of the Titanic, 1987 Special documenting Robert Ballard’s discovery of the liner shows free today @ noon in Grosvenor Hall
#fresnodld does that mean we don't want students to take anything away from an aesthetic reading?
im following you!!! Can u retweet my video please i would forever be your fan as i already am!
Aaliyah got the best songs to ride to
Don?t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as you mind lets you. What you belie...
Varmus #Berlin9: Shorter form of publications also needed, Currents, & a "market place" from the methods section (buy this reagent)
Also rereading "Joe Turner's Come and Gone" for the third time. Wilson & Morrison's projects are so similar. Both theorize lost memory.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else
seems to basically be nachos but with a frito base. An Austin specialty, evidently.
car shopping tomorrow before work, i will be glad when its over
if i ain't got nothing, i got YOU <U+2764>
I not feeling good.. ;o
I feel blank.
Better than behind you! MT : It's going to be a great day when a cop is next to you literally the entire way to work.
RT : Leadership is not a position, it is a disposition for taking action.
What teen victims of alleged #eastcoastrapist did to get help during attack. Details in minutes on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
RT I might be going to MacRitchie tomorrow w my dad for morning exercise. This is crazy. LOL.
Twisting at The Showcase Cinema in Woburn, Ma. on Saturday at 11 am in the Lobby for "Sid the Science Kid Movie"
M these cookies are great great job buy some cookies children
uh huh
Chicken ceasar salad wrap
UNEMPLOYED whoa
DVR ALERT - Watch Brooke Shields on “The Nate Berkus Show” tomorrow, on NBC at 11am, to talk about family life & THE ADDAMS FAMILY!
join today show off you skills post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure to college coaches today for free
Alrighty then...weird people on tumblr roleplaying as current American Idol contestants...and glee characters...awkward.
Bryan LaHair for President. All he does is hit home runs... and bat .350.
Throwback jay-z montage on power 105 on the way to train, feelin good for this interview
Have you thrown a perfect game yet? Hopefully with Trevor Bauer...
we gon see
A busy week in #Fishers. Lot's of good things happening!
thank you good sir!
Just ordered my graduation invites!!!
Who needs tickets for May 18th at Peabody's with Enfold Darkness and ??
Rams baby! Also flipping to College Games!
I don't get the point of school today....
The notebook
When I was pregnant I was an awesome bowler (158 avg). Now... Not so much
They didn't let you tweet in the classroom?
was in my hood & wanna act like she don't know a nigga, it's iight tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I've already been their tech support. Ugh lol
I really don't wanna let go, but it seems like that's what I gotta do
Bwahahahahaa. Guys, there's a REASON we have no Waffle Houses in NE Indiana....(I hope they see this....!!! Haha.)
On the bright side, they did not ask for money
lol that's the only thing, cause everything else would be taken care of over there, whatever you guys need I got lol
That all illegal immigrants are inherently a problem is falacious, but understandable in this #CNNTeaParty arena.
Looking good, SF. Ready for a "cool" 80 degree day today. Off to earn my keep...
gym was great.. gotta get brazilian bikini ready ;))
you're welcome.
me too :b
I'll second that. Keep up the good work, John.
ill come over just because you landed <3:)
This bitch is sitting in my seat next to my future man! Girl you know that's my seat -____-
I feel like now might not be the best shower timing
Ready to kick it!! We love Mondays. Now let's print some shirts. Hit us for hats & Koozies too!
Who wants a burlesque name that sounds like a cleaning product?!
How much poop do think is going into lake Michigan right now?
Educators are society's rock stars. "We celebrate teachers as the creative artists that they are." -Reed
#nccetl welsh phycisist asked kids to solve equation & graph only 1/3 understood physics. asked for a poem & then asked 4 lyrics to a song
- Oh so then you decide to add a smiley face.. I see how it is....
The Chinese like #Cognac so much that the country is poised to become its largest consumer in four years according to Vinexpo.
thanks for the great tips! Wish the session had been longer!
Early day today~ Getting things done, before a significant appointment tomorrow. Never a dull moment...
at mobilehackathon, kinda crazy.
hehe thank you :)
No matter how many commercials I see, I will probs never buy steak at Walmart
is that needed
my nigga watup doe. I'm bout to watch this laker game shaded up
yeah. Apparently 30 tickets is too many. Who knew
We wrote 2 new hardcore songs this weekend. You are not ready for this shit.
The L.A. rain never came and I was able to have a great day at the Lawn Bowling ct. Trying to think of a subject for tomorrows blog.
Wonder how BJ Raji is at OT…
GJ on the open booth. I hate when these companies shroud their stuff being walls and long queues.
#TruthIs I feel as though I now have the time to adequately chase my dream...
Yes, likewise!! Had a great time yesterday. Let's def do drinks soon :)
RT : Q2: Time management - How can nonprofits feed their networks within a reasonable amount of time?
Travelled 2 hours for a meeting - now waiting for everyone else to show up. Happy Monday!!
Tales of Phantasia, and Game & Watch Gallery 4 for the combined price of $2.50. I love this 75% off sale.
Wish I would have heard about #Northwestern playing at Miller Park earlier today. Would have gone to cheer on my alma mater.
Can't wait for #denverrestaurantweek to begin!
I liked alcatraz more it went along. I'm glad to see house ending think it is past its prime.
Taking Mhe A Hot Aszx Bath
Not sure if the are actually playing really well or have just been playing weak teams...
Happy 4th of July weekend from the developers of Quake Arena Arcade and everyone at Pi Studios! Be safe!
Court orders serving summons to Facebook through e-mail
Definitely having a good day.
that turtle will never forget us! we're the best people ever!
No Netflix Instant Watch, Hulu, or HBO GO in Canada. My perfect three weeks of vegging out have been completely dashed.
Yes. Once again he's been H.A.M. since he was called out by the Infamous Mobb 382.
- #iSwear i Have Enough Slow Moments For Me & Everybody Else .
Hey There Sweetie Just Wanted To Say Hi, and introduce myself! I'm SuperGayMike How are you? Hope to hear back muah!
Q4 Still large gaps, high drop-out rates, disparate disciplinary treatment, language-based disrimination
It's called sarcasm Frank haha
Thanks for the follow, Julian!
Well Who Knowz U Said Ready To Die Waz A Classic. U Might Think Iz Da Best.
Finally grabbing lunch before my next meeting. Man this day is flying by. I think I need a quick Starbucks run.
Really enjoyed listening to you mumble about zone defense in your blackout sleep last night
"Latinas they get crazy!" -Pitbull you know us too well.
Oh yeah, definitely, a smooth yellow with a hint of pulp is totally in right now. HUH???
Love my mama shes the greatest ! Happy mothers day to all the mothers ! <3
It's been long enough since I was in school that I forgot how quickly I get tired in presentations
I would mention her ..But I would get blocked
You might want to follow #edapp and #iear for educational apps if you don't already.
ALERT: we miss him...izzle. RT : Funny how everybody but USC has celebrities on the sidelines in the Pac-12 now #WheresSnoop?
i know. We were hoping they would be there taping but no go. It was great! Awesome food and atmosphere. You would love
Sunglasses and Advil.... SWITCH last night was mad real!
#myholidaystyle is much like my style the rest of the year. Dark, well tailored, and reaking with artistry.
*not making the case
North Park night; veal piccata & calamari fritti at Il Posino; then superb latte at Cafe Calabria then newsstand browsing @ Para's
Finna roll out with my homies!
you need to consistently post on the new forum faggot.
I'm looking for a User Interaction Design contract in the SF Bay Area. Anyone have any leads?
PRODUCE IT UP, ANDREA. PRODUCE IT UP! MORE MOMENTS MORE MOMENTS!
don't judge me on my appearance/behavior this morning
FWD: Man you sure do have a way to make people do what you want lolololol.
really gabby xD u kno i cant resist xD
good assumption even when not MW3 release
best wishes Sean ;)
I jus want to see that ass clap!”)
LOL! Seems like that's what I'm always in the middle of. :) Happy writing!
It's clear I don't value sleep. I scheduled my annual exam for 7 this morning.
Where does Russell Wilson go?
lol yea sheer clothes are a pretty big high fashion trend but it won't be a required-to-do thing for people
"Oh my goodness there's water in my water! That's disgusting!" lol #chemistry with Mr. Heaston
Its so annoying man! Haahaa
Lol just let me know what date works best for you busy man :-)
Who wants my 1,000 tweet?
Damn... TORNADO warnings for South Florida?? Where the hell are we?
The upside of stress is that it overcomes fear.
Why do accountants get excited on Saturdays?They can wear casual clothes to work
That will ALWAYS be the case. No moral standing to say ANYTHING
actually I said German but now am not sure. Maybe Polish or something else. It's a fave breakfast food in Houston
Bring it, son. You can't get past my bonus-padded buffer zone. You just can't.
don't think I caught the interview. Link? Would love to meet up & talk payments. Will shoot you an email to coordinate.
People should creep on my page (;
R those retweets of people I follow? when I see people I do not follow? so confused...Confucius say...go to bed...think in morning
It is a great day to be a Spartan! MBU plays Wash U. Today at noon in the #GRLC Championship
you need enough hair to cover any tracks or strands from being visible, that's it :)
i can't stop listening to
Motivate - Storms make oaks take roots.
Happy Derby Cinco De Mayo! Come to the Paddy Wagon in Richmond KY tonight!
I used to say say "peace" without feeling it. Now I feel peace without saying it.
Terrible play call
If goal stands, that is to another point for Pascal Dupuis extend his nhl-best points streak to 16.
no! We all wore regular shorts and polo shirts and stuff. Boring clothes.
Can you vouch for me on connect.me?
in the crowd at Bulls vs Hornets.
#Olympic flame was lit in Greece this am and will make its way towards #London2012 w/ 78 days til opening ceremony!
These refs SUCK No calls for Pacers every call for Miami!!!!
Fantastic! I can also understand their discomfort at the author as he reveals how much of the man was at play in the strip.
Devan Copley has a girlfriend now?? O he must really like Sydney seagraves :3
10-3 is all I'm gonna say
Finished practicing for tomorrow's rehearsal. Sending out the love! Hope everyone's having a wonderful week!
thanks to your screening.... RT : #BullyMovie FINALLY receives a PG-13 rating! Thank you to all fans!
My baby broke his phone n dnt want a new for a while I offer to pay for it lord this is killing me
i do not know!! i post a lot of pug shots :)
I know you did but that doesn't mean there isn't something wrong with you duh
No Drugs December
I did my first QR Scavenger Hunt with my students this week. They loved it!
Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought.
same thing I do every night. Txt go on twitter and YouTube lol
Here's hoping he'll crawl back under some wet rocks now.
No! RIP,MCA!
The Society of Cincinnati is named for Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus, a Roman who was called from his fields to lead his country's army.
RT : Congrats to the amazing women that qualified for the #Indy500 |...
Aw thanks! So are you for responding LOL love you on the show...
Sorry I'm late, I was watching hours and hours of BMX videos.
Bo Ryan just gave away 11 pts. What a fool
Listening to what's my name<U+2665>by <U+263A>
Working for College Works Painting. Anyone looking for any outside painting work - direct message me your name and #! Free estimates!
When I am delivering my very best, then that is when I feel successful.~ Art Fettig
“: Church <<<<” you going to hell
Hands that help are better than lips who pray.
Gotta stop having everybody back cuz don't nobody ever have mines...
transport services reviews - « Your Online Restaurant and Catering ...
i love you katy katycat
Ha, true, it wouldn't fit as well on the buttons.
The most important thing is to follow your instinct and get involved with some friends who.... like music as much as you do. - Partial...
sorry I'm not sorry, UNC. #GOCATS!!
": this used to be a funhouse.. now it's full of evil clowns"
A strong woman is not one without emotion, but rather one who embraces her vulnerability and her wisdom through her own emotional landscape.
NEW ACCOUNT: SportingKcRT. Will be retweeting everything funny, interesting, and cool about Sporting KC.
I listened to some of your tracks on itunes, GOOD JOB!
If you haven't yet bought your ticket, we'll be selling a limited amount at the door! Make sure to come by early before they sell out!
are my favorite Des Moines band and it will be the first time seeing them live!
I definitely think that would be a good idea sometime. I'll bring some of my homemade beer, at least 2 1-liter bottles.
"twinflame"comes in transition. Its frustrating, but good. Proud of you.
Thanks for the follow Jerry :)
Agreement - When two men in business always agree about everything, one of them is unnecessary!
Super fun day just got home from school lol.
reply back on the direct message
Thanks for the RT. We're #thatcamp #games!
Reservoir Puppies
San Onofre nuclear plant reports "no impact here" from 3.9 earthquake nearby -
so that SAT wa hard as hell today
I love you but quit scoring against Chelsea, lol
oh, wow! I haven't been there in years!
why thank you. Im not really sure what question to ask you.
all have julian
OKAY . I'M VOTING AT AROUND 6:00 . (: im voting for either Berlin, Germany or London, UK . so RT FOR UK . FAVORITE FOR GERMANY . (;
I always feel that this is some monolithic creature stomping all over a soul
thanks! So much better than LAX!
Once again have to thank for giving a autograph for the fan club.
Watching first 48 dez niggaz be tell'n like tha police got a gun up to they head
I'm well thanks, you? Had a little blog hiatus, just trying to find balance. But back in biz now. Miss u 2!!!
Some days I just want to be lazy .
if the texans are after a wide reciver to help Andre why don't they go after a Jerome Simpson or a Roy Williams
A Metta World Peace elbow>>>A Jon Jones elbow
All cultures in North America have rights of self-determination. Two massive governments ruling the continent means tyranny of majority
At the 33 min mark the score is still nil and nil. The game has featured great defense by both the Fire and Real Salt Lake.
"There is originally no word for truth, but the way to it is revealed by words." - Shih-shuang (b. 986-1039)
Hi Dave, thanks for the follow. All the way.
You have b/w now and the 28th of March to submit a video.....why do you deserve 24 free personal training sessions?
you did at the time... Remember how I said there were cops on my way to your house?
Called it! GIANCARLO!
ahh I know :c
RT has been working on a special project - we're very excited about this one! Check back next Tuesday for details!
I took it and...#threwitontheground I'm an adult, MAN
Reflection, understanding of contexts needed in relational models
good point- at #tcamp12 I urged attendees to refine #opengov discourse where poss. to specify #electoralreform, #opendata, etc.
That should read squirted :-)
Keep up the tweets! and pics--they're great!
I hate when people act funny towards me over stuff i have no control over ..-_-
Welcome new friends
I LOVE WITH ALL MY HEART!!!!
omg that jam sounds delicious.
"Data?! I never even meta!" h/t
- capitalism fail.
I'm hoping 9 guys get back on RT : RT : 8 guys deplane - could make out Elway, Fox, McCoy & Xanders -hop into van at airport
DM me your number. It's gonna be a great show!
My package better be @ the freaking house when I arrive
suck it up players and earn that money you get paid. You should be happy to have a job
Me: Guess what I saw today? Dex:??? Me: Everything I looked at :-D Dex: I should of seen that coming.... >.<
soo many things to be donnnee.
love that portlandia sketch! Brilliant.
Great time spinning at TRU last friday!! Looking forward to play again
Bought a bike last week. Flat tire, chain fell off, pedal broke. Lets see how painful return process will be tomorrow
do u work for cumulus?
yoooo call me back! Need to figure out LA by tomorrow! Tried Toni too
gorgeous x your nails look great too!
ill be your romeo if you be my juliet <3
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT! Comment and we'll send you the info! :D
Have to be concerned about the likelihood (or maybe lack-there-of) of Genso Suikoden PSP making it across the sea.
I am grading papers so this cup is super important.
For a communications school, needs to pick up the pace in this #commencement meeting.
they were shooting gossip girl in my school today... oh
That rocks! ~T
Wasn't sure if you were still on for lunch- sorry I didn't check sooner. Still want to go or schedule later in March?
oh wow! Love trikki! Do u ship to the us?
There's no one else in the universe like you.
Are you performing anywhere before the 17th of Feb?
i almost pulled my nose ring out backwards. ouch. alsdkaosfa. Today is just painful
Buried! Four weeks to open!!! You know exactly how I am... Let me know next time you're in Chicago
Follow My Other Account
you always will be
Headed to #atlanta for a murder mystery, I better see - This just in local man attacked by gay on twitter
That's the biggest problem with computer & technology teachers as well. We love computers & technology. Need to love people!
What am I doing wrong? I just try and try and give and give and it brings me nothing but bad. :((
Scot Herd, great to see you today at the Bonamour home office. We are looking forward to working with you!
Have a happy birthday!!!
do the afford need To play the second half In the sec?
All followers thanks for following(; you da best!
GOT MY YMCMB SWEATSHIRT!!! now we can match! love you.
Lots of fun this morning. Everyone did a great job. You gotta love what you do when you have so many awesome people around you.
May The 4th be with you.
Yay! It's FRIDAY and all I can think is FREE! Hm, Friday-Free, Friday-Free...I'll get back to you on this thought!
she must be new hahahaahah.
Visited Lightbank offices today...amazing energy!!!
Bacon good, bacon with pancake syrup drippings better.
A great day spent in Michigan and the Detroit area today, getting a chance to get some good onsite reports on three #Badgers targets
Can't wait to go
whats the best sensitivity for wall bouncing and strafeing ^_^?
I alwys hear map material ecology & relations w/: dynamic, transform, emerge, generative from multiple pts, boxed, open, hidden. Slips thru
laurel tavern annual trip rocks!!! Hanging with I have to remember this
yup the one in Greenville sucks!
The Makeup in the HUNGER GAMEs was FLAWLESS!!!!
I've have the #ManOnABuffalo music in my head today. Also a
Just downloaded The Masters app on the ipad
just texted my friend "dayum dayum dayum dayum" and she goes "you're talking about austin mahone i assume" she knows me so well
Working my way through the JCC San Francisco records. Always asking, "Is it enough? Is it enough? If so, stop! and move on.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Kobe Jones °Rising 5th °Frisco, TX °Travel Team: Court of Dreams Elite °Shooting Guard 5’5
we at the bellaigio right now
yo i'm so sorry!been meaning to call forever. i hope u had a blast tho! can we legally drink yet? or we still got a year to go? lol
i know ... im with you on that ... was really kidding. I still have one of those and it doesn't always help.
Sadly my family was has had it's bouts with cancer in the past, my father passed away from cancer when I was just 12 years old...
RT Now following For
you're not down with the summits anymore? I'm interested in going because I have never gone to one
lol! #awkward! :S
"man I hope I didn't miss any prong or while I had a pit stop for a few minutes...
finally listened to 's #symphonysolider album and died.
Thank you, sir.
I thought this guy was holding the door for me.. Nope it was for his girlfriend
pretty awesome, isn't it!? really excited with the response it's gotten!
Jim Philippone returns to co-host with Bob Brenna on this weeks Brenna and Brenna Law Forum Sunday morning at eight on WHAM 1180
I say turn those frowns upside-down and have a dance party in the middle if the store
Heading over to to taste their new spring menu
Michael, great blog! I will definitely be sharing your posts. Have a great weekend.
clever! Clear lucite hair tinsel could be a new trend! :)
End of Day 6 in The Great Service Wait w/#SONY and still no response. No worries, #BestBuy stepped up and I Xchanged it 4 a #samsung!
I need a beer.
Is it possible for Theo to eat the one he just signed himself and go back to Beantown where he belongs?
are you going?
Happy Anniversary!
: Still thinking of our wonderful lunch date! Lets do it again... soon!
Is it wrong to be a snob about other people's bad web form design? I mean, I have done plenty of crap in my day.
as always
this is the reason I'll never leave SoCal in the first place!! Come on back, the weather misses you!
Listening to this week's episode of #PCHH is making me want to go see Avengers again.
You'll enjoy MGMT101 w/ Prof. Woods.
Thank you so much! And have a wonderful holiday with your husband and little QT with the curls!
that's gross!
I need someone to make me feel better - i don't wanna talk, just be distracted from my thoughts
it does for now, until my superhuman strength destroys it once more. will do =)
Remember to message us if you want a $12 Ticket/T-shirt combo package for our tour kickoff show next Thursday. It's going down.
Well thats just great I ended the racing season with blowing my motor up
hello sir
Sorry, was unintentional. Thank you for your kind words!
“Never has a generation entered the workplace using technologies so far ahead of its employer.” #2020Workplace Don't miss it! #RVA #SHRM ^EB
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
where the hell did you guys get those bottles. I called around and no one has heard of them.
How long is the suspension from Mayor's Manor if someone wears a #Yankees hat?
where is ? i think she slept
thanks so much!
Thanks. Our dish hasn't been too fond of the storms so I've been tracking online.
i saw him and fought him outside
RT : RT : “Necessity never made a good bargain.” Ben Franklin
...The days go on and on Until you sleep again
Gia and I are going to come visit you.
No. Thank you.
#ff did not know. Fascinating history
Stoked to see tonight at the Key Club!
Went on tower of terror 3 times, loved it
I have no idea.
re: responsibility... Means that the ultimate person in charge of the learning is the student. imo.
We are at the dnote all set up ready to party the night away! See you in a few hours!!!
Distributed packaged food to homeless people this morning. A full day already.
Any #gf #glutenfree folks in #kansas? We've got some local retailers now stocking our cookies!
are you coming?!
i know! i wannt to go so baaaaaaaaaadddddd!!!!! aww thanx puddin! i love talking to you<33 like, you are so fun<3^.^
Nights like these a snug buddy is needed.
to early to be getting up on a Saturday, going to the track meet
No, I don't text & drive. It's obvious & scary which drivers are though. It seems they swerve & use brakes more than drunk drivers
There is no substitute for hard work.
Bullock presents the Award for movies made on smaller budgets for people who actually appreciate cinema. #Oscars #OscarsAreDumb USA!USA!USA!
Did you know using a micro needle roller with DNA Cryo stem treatment increases collagen production 100% to 110%.
Holler if you ready for some summer nights!!!!
Plus I don't want the class C drivers license they look gay!!!!
I hope everyone enjoyed their holiday in remembrance of MLK.
Outside Dane County and Milwaukee County Kloppenburg got 479,000 votes and Prosser 593, 000. That hardly speaks of a Great Wisconsin Divide.
Anybody wanna chill tonight?
And now the dog's whimpering/ borderline barking.
All we do is chill, play games, and watch movies. It's awesome!
I'm almost out of drunk stories to tell on Now I need to go get plastered. For the show's sake.
Go to the zoo!
have a nice life, i'm done trying to be in it.
thanks Fil. Good luck with all your endeavors too.
Watching this ti show MTV later on tonight
over here in oakley still
Just bought a basting brush. Need to make sure I have everything in anticipation of Irene's wrath.
I never understood the meaning of vile until God showed my heart.
You wear it well!
Then head to cask
White House under fire for adding Obama policy plugs to past presidents' bios
Put in our request to attend 's YA Lit Symposium! I NEED to go!
Go big blue
“: i am allready waiting for the first one :0 you are very productive for someone your age :0 #goodgame” soon Thanks!
In love with Luke byran so damn hot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Yes, but people are sort of aware of it being used in breakfast cereal or chips. Bourbon? Not so much. :)
I'm sorry to break it to everyone, but holograms are old news.
"I get it crackin' like lobsters, iced vodka in tha bong bubbling" -
Love how they quote it in Hot Fuzz. "This shit just got real."
Hahaha terrible, and it be drippin when they start sweatin in the club smh
Throwing the love back atcha on your new adventures in LALA Land! I was also on that eye-opening call w
Lol true but it still ain't the same
you never tell me where you are
Today is 51 days free from cutting myself.
RT : I'm assuming you're on the digital/new media side? Curious on your thoughts re: where local newspapers ...
no footwear
Guenther House (sp?) on South Alamo was really good. Incredible cinnamon buns.
Have all your questions written down.
No problem. There are some impressive people here.
So Time magazine has a cover of a child sucking on a tit covered in mystery white powder? Oh wait, getting my stories mixed.
I don't think so Bitch , hoe shit
you tweaking
Planning programming is a form of proactive reference.
SHOT OUT TO MY BRO FRESH FOR BLOWIN DOWN 10 SWISHAS WIT ME ON 4/20#HIGH OFF LIFE
Just realized that I never got some schwag promised by artsy Kickstartees... and now I've moved. Change of address to KS or to artists?
Thank you!! :) I'm honored!
Cheers to and Just got your postcard and it looks beautiful there! Hope you guys have had a blast.
Ugh I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
What kind of feedback did you get on this? Most of my ideas are showing up serialized and it worries me a bit...
I know boo....make me wanna cry
I've got a question for you...who do u think is stronger? u or cm punk and why do u think so? john cena rules the champ is here!!!
Thanks to new followers
Coming up in sports, a look at the Demolition Derby from Lodi last Friday.
You live for the fights when that's all that you got!!!
I've been in my own world lately
someone tweet me.
me too actually. Say hi!
Definitely going to this year (: Hopefully both in #SanBernardino & #MountainView! <3
Good News!! Swarovski Home Accessories Collection is also available in our Coconut Grove showroom!! :)
FOB PROBLEMS! RT : one month from today i get to find out whether or not i m selected for the green card lottery.i probably won't..
Ah I'm gonna 23 years old in 5 hours...god where did the time go??
#pssst Red Bull is a disgusting yet necessary way to jumpstart the morning after an all nighter
how old?
wiped the layer of dust and cobwebs from the stationary bike
You know you've matured as a doc student when everything starts to look like a research question for study.
In Miami to present at Littler's Latin America conference on #FCPA and
#10FactsAboutMe I have the greatest friends ever!
thanks momma! I hope things have been well for you!
Call me!
So making an #ihateangelina fan club (; member #1 anyone else
you make my heart melt :*
Yo #Cleveland show some love my people's need some followers. Great smooth tequila we working on getting this to
yea so am i, just cant take faking injuries every time theres contact
#Imagine Austin: Ugh! Your last name is.. bo! You: WHAT? Why? Austin: I think you better use mine, Mrs.Mahone <U+2665>
“: All 8 home games are 1pm starts for #Browns”
Football is just a game, but the people who teach you the game for the first time are unforgettable. God bless you Coach Jimbo. R.I.P.
Leslie Mann is a HILARIOUS woman! She looks beautiful!
Happy Friday!!! :) Anyone going to the game? #opening day
can we stop all of this fouling and free throw shooting on TNT, ready for
What I want to know is why the fuck is everybody on Travis porter dick
Chatting at EPC GOP HQ this morning, surprised by 's videocam. Is she studying for pointers, or to send me tips?
Still reeling over last nite's #HartofDixie. Congrats on a gr8 1st season!
To be honest I really do hate Italian pastries and there are so many at my house.....
can you please follow me?<3
RIP Junior Seau
#sfoh OH: "J.K. Rowling makes more money than the QUEEN OF ENGLAND."
Back to a "normal" schedule this week, which means a visit to Chick's Night at on Wednesday! (FINALLY!)
Thanks to and the volunteers. Today was a great race, although that last hill on Webster sucked... Haha.
I think I won't be able to handle the hit when finals come.
would u Eva go on a date wit me?
420 is the stupidiest thing to celebrate.
And as emotional as I've been lately that fact isn't helping my insecurity at all
just follow me you poo.
My mom said she's gonna start saving money so I can go to Cancun with her and some fam members.
Come on Clippers!
oh for sure. I'm out at a mine in BFE now and during the summer. Have some breaks and lazy days, you may need to .........
Long day shower then bed nightt
RT *Checks phone to see what time it is...* *Checks it again because they weren't paying attention the first time*
yes sir
No matter how much cereal I eat, I still never get full!
lol man, stay focused.. thx for the invite what other method for purchasing other than calling you? Website?
Marvin Winnans you better Preach
a monthly twitter magazine digest with a run down of the day by day relevant interactions, found in a nevada truck stop. torn out.
Ima go to sleep and have wet dreams about melanie iglesias now.
That's the spirit! Thanks for coming today.
Oh yes, the big B2B boardroom challenge...:)
moving fucked my bankroll :( I hope to be back asap, it's just been a horrible grind to get back to playing. I hope I see u soon
I had to wear red.
You might have a point. Good luck with your Knicks.
Of course, I will be in Hilton Head.
She kissed the Russian Starfire?
Excited to playing with Marc Leishman, 2009 PGA Tour ROTY, at the Frys.com Pro-Am today
Oh, baby girl. xo
I doing flooring, you should've called me!! I'd do it for free, lol:-)
: Your freeze-dried strawberries. I don't even believe they're unsweetened.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 34
Anyone have any good examples for screen layout/design on the admin side of a photo gallery?
White dudes all look same.
Grass found on a pig farm where buffalo once roamed... “: what does wheatgrass taste like?”
Catch at the World Science Forum today or on twitter, speaking at 1130 CET on digital research and technologies.
Thank you to Neil Ramsay and all that attended our Budgeting SeminArt yesterday!
Dog killer, Michael Vick goes to the locker room spitting up blood, and the Eagles blow it. That makes up for the Bears loss for me.
Why do I keep dreaming bout this shit
happy #followback friday
How Did You Make Your Song "Even If It Kills Me"? It Sounds Awesome And I Love The Lyrics!!!!! :)
They need a lot of things. That game was UGLY
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Hi again :) A bit random but I think my best friend saw you today at Independence :o
Note to self: both my texts AND emails get really sappy after 4 beers. I should stop that if I don't want to lose my street cred.
Thinking jazz RT : Do you need lively, or mellow? I'm grading papers, so i'm going with lively myself.... :-)
very sweet!
Ikea chocolate is good. I always posture on the chocolate
would you follow back?
Canucks vs. Avalanche @ The Can Tonight
Joe taking pictures on the run and dancing killed me and Q BOOM I ate your grapes
oh really? Cuz last time I checked...
doing fab! Lot's of fun new news - IM me if you can ... :)
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt.
KARAOKE TONIGHT!!!! $5 BOMBS!!!! $4 KROMBACHER BEER!!! Old Town Pub 1339 N WELLS
I just found out these two were coming. :) :) We are so excited to see you guys!! XO love u!!!!!
loved that too! Great use of active collaboration and creativity in presenting! :)
My life will be 60% less stressful starting Wednesday afternoon...
Just passed Emerson Avenue. (:
lol and hang it up on the closet door # roadkill
you are mistaking you with me yo.. (: jk. im pretty interesting tho
Damn I haven't played cod in forever. Let me pick up my controller
I love it
Am I the only one not watching fresh prince of Bel air...?
yep indeed. U?
trio of OZ. right on. killin version of Alice in Chains' "angry chair". right now on wfsk.org
Had a great time with him earlier even if it wasn't long.
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sisters of DST, INC.!!!!
Tehe draw something is fun(:
Social Media is key, it is communication, it is the network | Social media as a tool for activism:
I'm sure they are even though I haven't yet met Hoping to do so soon.
Thanks for following Chris! Stay stoked.
set a criteria and have an assistant deal with it :)
Really!? It's already Monday?
I root for OSU in football but I'm a U of L fan in b-ball. Unfortunately my team went out tonite. I wish all Buckeye fans well
Sweatpants all day. :)
Day started off bad, but I just got some treats so things are looking up.
Study Abroad Fair tomorrow, Jan 27- Tuttleman Lobby, 11 am-3 pm! Come learn more about Temple's programs, esp SCT Dublin, London, & Montreal
"madness ensues the idle artist"----sara millman
MY HEART TELL ME 1 THING & MY BRAIN SAYS ANOTHER CAUGHT N THE MIDDLE I TRUELY DNT KNO HW 2 FEEL RITE NW SO IMA LIGHT 1 UP N LET DA LOUD ANS.
RT : #truth A person thats humble always puts them self in a place to where they have 2 be lifted up! Humility is always if lifted up
Time will always tell :) But change doesn't happen on its own. The people slaving away for years behind the scenes make it happen!
amy has the nerve to sing rehab at grammys after all that. so, so awesome! owns it!
A super successful launch party for THE LONG-TERM SIDE EFFECT! Already raised 16% of our goal with more interested investors on the way!
Wendus, baby cakes, loved you on the MyNameIsMahataa YouTube video. Can you plug it you incredibly awesome babe?
reply with bikini pics!
Thank you for this.
Playing doctor: no where near as fun as makes it sound
damn looks hella good
Ah! Nothing they do is the right decision!
RT if your waiting for a call.
No that long ago, interracial marriage was illegal in some states. Keep fighting
A2. Affects motivation big time. Usually take a full day and disconnect. No tech or work. Just recharge.
You will never know how bad that makes me feel.
Freakin got that 20' moving trick loaded & empty in less than 24hrs!!! #win I owe & more for that!!
eat some now, sleep, then eat again.
thnx for follow :]
Tim Tebow at the #METGALA wearing Ralph Lauren?!!...I'm verklempt
RT The pistachio ice cream is awesome. Come and get it! - On my way with family in tow!
DON'T Foreget on Cain's999 the people on fixed income SS the 9% + State Sales Tax we will pay tax we don't have income
"I want you to give me something worth dying for"
yea but it's charging now
Get on with it already!!!
good for you ...
Heart attack by Trey Songz is my #1 song now
why hasn't he been arrested? He clearly disobeyed police orders to not do anything they were on their way. But he hunted him anyway
I'll poke your eye out.
In a boring ass assembly
thanks for the retweet! I have another, more seedy, story coming from my travels to Chiang Mai
Clackamas County Courthouse reminds me of Vegas. You never know who will show up. And nine times out of ten, they are drawn to our trucks
I love how my dad and brother look so interested in the "Booty Slide" commercial.. xD
“: “: Miss me in studio yet I feel weird not being there tonight too” does.” sho do!
have to work the next 14 days...
So much music only four hours to keep the people grooving....i gotta get some more spots to dj a all day party ....say 5 in the e ...
this was never part of the movie.
I just did a Twitter search for Alamodome and people have pics of Guerrero fighting at the dome. Cool!
Wishing you had popcorn in your easter basket? Don't worry we will be back open tomorrow!
I will be filled with joy because of you. Â Â I will sing praises to your name, O Most High. Psalm 9:2
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it. Groucho Marx
6 days left in denmark. crazy - its close now!
just like tracy morgan #getitpregnant lol
Much needed goal, but is it too far away still? #letsgopens, gotta turn it up. PP might have scored, but it looked very uninspired. So am I.
Uh oh, Xtina's jealous
Glad to hear! Luckily for us supporters are #MOTIVATED to make a #Difference! #Freedom from the #NeoCon!
NP: Usher-Papers
i had a staff meeting and a fight broke out today, punching tables, cursing, slamming doors, more cursing!....ppl...leave the drama en casa
the lakers and suck
Hm… sounded like a single shot. But maybe I should finish my coffee before I make accusations :) Thanks!
You HAVE to come and go on the ride - it is SO fun!
just snorted my beer. Well played & too true.
If you could co-write a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be? And are you guys gonna be coming to Tampa soon?
When they are giving two shows and you don't know which one to watch -__-
Success means doing the best we can with what we have-- Zig Ziglar
Today is great
good u
#Actors - Mark Teschner is casting five new roles for "General Hospital" KATE, MARK, SIOBHAN, STACY, ZOE - ages and descriptions in the app!
Hi Adam and Colton! Welcome to my page. Thank you for *liking*!
they must not be playing then!! LOL!
RT : #FF to - help them reach 100,000 fans on Facebook (it means we get a BIG donation to help us serve more families!)
nahh u just being stupid with all ur nonsense!
Brown & Jones Reporting would like to welcome Registered Court Reporters Sheila Finnegan-Martinez and Anne Jacobs to our firm. Anne Jacobs…
Just bought shoes from Aldo without seeing there. So sad.
#Isles #Flyers under way 2nd period
when I show him pictures of you, he starts talking to them and saying a bunch of weird stuff! Haha its cute! :p
That dude can get any chick he wants.
You're right! Too funny!
"these hoes call me tunchie baby"
Let's all be better
A worthy alternative. Have a great time while you're there. We'll drink your share at GABF.
Yay!!! Sister is officially in town!!
Have you had anything from Harvestor yet?
Ugh really !
Well it's been a month time to start re-watching Battlestar Galactica haha
thanks for the mention glad you liked it
My hair is someone else's problem today.
Although very flattering of both of us I felt the need to take them down. I'll keep them stored on my phone for the time being...
Did a bad thing yesterday & one friend calls me the devil. Another threatens me with holy water. They are now unfriended.
Great show famRT : Shouts out to you guys are the best
I'm the one who has to die when its time for me to die. so let me live my life the way i want to.
Take 20% off one item of your choice. Can not combine with other coupons or discounts.Use coupon or coupon code...
aight ill call around n see n let u kno
You're welcome! I've never been north of Vancouver, but WA state shares some dialect features. (Use of past tense for instance).
Socially awkward penguin.
Boy Steve out here pullin that bitch!
like yo pics just checked them all out
Kudos to the BLS PPI folks. They're responsive, knowledgeable, and eager to help. Go Feds!
Goodmorning y'all have a bless day, love y'all!!! muah, :-)
#junewish Good will, peace on Earth, and Ren and Stimpy on Boxset
swankier than Hilary Swank
How was everyones weekend?? I had a great weekend! Checked out the , perused through Gear Co-
Wow! Thanks for giving me an update, I'm no longer living in #Detroit but like to stay in-tune.
Nerves that are so shook up you can't even think.<<
this is crazy. I love all people but this is not right.
I'm doing great today! Have already been on a long walk and gotten the lawn mowed... How about you?
Wtf do you do in a gas station for 20 mins?! Ugh I have no patience for my mom at all.
Ticket bought to see The Avengers on Friday :)
Watching #GH. Is that the beginning of a bald spot on the back of RH's head?!?
omg, NO!! But i just watched it!! Totally crying again! Totally sending that to my coworkers!! <3 Thanks!!! :') :') :')
Don't worry, I've got my eye on you.
having a birthday party Sunday may 20th from 230/630p #brick house tavern ft lauderdale.Hope you can make it :) frenchi
Amazing how I'll have no acting commitments one moment and several the next.
Simple ghd hair straightener Marketplace Analysis
That is precisely the problem. A maxi dress on a smaller woman is like putting a moomoo on a newborn infant.
Im sad:'( you never notice me (your wife) breaks my heart darlin!
I've found our bilingual books in the foreign language section way too many times, tho they're all set in the US
Teach a man to fish; he learns a skill for life
We will be CLOSED today! Finishing up construction on the D:hive should be done soon! Can't wait to let you see our newly remodeled space.
: "We use metrics to understand what news is to different consumers and then create the best experience possible."
lawyers meet w/clients within the walls of police stations - which could be monitored easily via web interface w/out recording :(
They might become chaotic or even experience a chemical reaction when treated with a local pain relievers
Ah, the joys of algorithms proofing the news...
"One old boyfriend you can imagine going back to and one who reminds you of how far you’ve come."
aright, aright, aright!
thank you! Have a good weekend!
You don't get what you pay for here...we give you more!
When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be<3
You know what you should do with your life? Whatever you goddamn want, that's what.
Government mismanagement kills 2500 people a year « JoNova ...
Leaving Kirk Franklin sold out concert in Baltimore smiling
we to start figuring out that new logo. Any ideas? I think we might need to reach out for some ideas
New song coming soon..."The Fight Is On".....Get ready
Preach it sister!
LOL! I seem to watch that a lot too. Or Holmes on Homes!!
: i know right
that goes with out said.... workability lol
ahaha alright lets see that ;'P
don't matter, just give Izzo and the Spartans the hardware!
"hey you want some popcorn or candy?" "nah i want some real food! aye catniss fetch a squirel!" lmao
"A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in."- Robert Orben...how do you spend your vacation?
hahah i fell asleep then i was like OH! haha at least i remembered!
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
D: OKAY, STOPPING EVERYTHING.
Heading out to go teach for Wisconsin Academy for Rural Medicine (WARM). #farmsafety and #agriculture issues for MD's and other health pros
Haha look at you trying to become #reunited with
Still upset after #badgers loss. Trying to get over the end of
And as a ND guy, Gottlieb ranks as an all-time tool.
OVERTIME! Hell yeah, ! Stay with it!
Using consultants? They can bring a fresh outlook and offer suggestions without being overly concerned with internal personal politics.
i cant remember the last time i did it lol he doesnt check
Don't get it twisted... Supporting the Hubby! Lol
agreed... People calling it the dunk of the century. No way that beats some of the 90's classics...
i hope u follow back.
Saw Los Angeles poet Wanda Coleman last nite Wow! Wow! Wow! Really amazing work watch 4 the utube video soon. Best show ever
Tomorrow is last day of classes for seniors....will miss many of them...
Top advertising investing industries are Insurance, law, automotive & medical. Publications, TV & web have symbiotic need with ad budgets.
SARA's education specialist is out at the Stock Show and #Rodeo today with our watershed model and SARA info... Stop by and say hi!
it's melting
None of these dudes on Socialcam can fight. Haha
its not
Ch 8 they have to hold a law degree, be a licensed attorney, and a member of the state bar association
Go buy food by running for times...
Happy holidays! from your friends at We are extremly grateful for your support. Expect big thing from us next year :)
it's general admission! I think... I mean I investigated and all the other concert at the best buy theater were general?!
unlike you I'm not gonna cry cus I don't have xbox... :]
Note to self: Galvanized pipe sets off anti-theft alarms at Lowes. Ugh.
Game 4 in San Antonio #Spurs vs
always! See you guys in a few
- it actually took me til just now to realize it wasn't the "5brobiketour"
If you support #UET youre supporting young, dedicated artist who make good music!!!
Class may not be gettin out early but darn if I'm staying the whole time.
Wish both Teams bestofLuck. Not Hating on Brady Just T/ Giants beat #GB #Giants Over
Better iconic performance for Melody Anderson: 8 episodes of #Manimal or her role as Dale Arden in #FlashGordon movie?
Wednesday weather: if you don't like it, just wait five minutes & it'll change. Sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, dont invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
Yes ma'am! :D
it's a treacle pudding kind of day in Pittsburgh here today.
at home waiting for ice cream to arrive..i love my friends! ice cream, wedding cake n wine, thank you..i love y'all!
Organic when I can
Just filmed a scene for our new music video outside and it's freezing!! But drumming warms me up! Having a blast :) -Marisa
Fact or Faked is freaking amazing.
Last night neighborhood power outage Only had flash to see In morning I had photos of every part of home Inside frig Bottom of toilet Shower
Great Win!
Well I was about to give it to you but it looks like everyone already has xD
RT : How about a contest? Reply to the following tweet for a chance to win an autographed #VonMiller football.
sounds like God to me! The first time he spoke to me it was simple just like that
Was she up for re-election this year? If so, did anyone run against her?
thanks, ray!! hey which sbux in the morning?
You only thought the fireworks were for tonight
hello hello!
And, being an ex-Army Ranger, Mr Rogers knew 20 ways to kill using only a cardigan sweater
Or like a waxing moon.
I love u more :) even tho I'm right next to you ;)
Why are you adorable just wanna HUG You!!!!!!!! And play with your hair! U just don't get IT!!
I hear you can drown in less than that.
OMG THANKS ^_^
As awesome as the show has been this morning, how can you ignore last night's Devils game, game 7 and the future of Puck Nuts?
Yeah man! *Usher voice* :-)
To day is kind of wack
I hate driving school
I LOVE gay people i admire how fearless they are, have amazing sence of style, most of all how strong they're for coming out of the closet
I can do it for 50 . You can send the it to my email
I love the silent hour of night,for blissful dreams may then arise,revealing to my charmed sight what may not bless my waking eyes--A.Bronte
: no want MY roommate, its an issue finding more. And we have to stay on campus. But we r looking at our on campus apartm ...
Hm what do you think if Nick's new freestyle video??
Just had #glutenfree #vegan soft baked snickerdoodles AMAZING
I have like 60-ish cousins. My mom wouldnt let me play football cuz I had older cousins with terrible knees. KNEES. not BRAINS.
Wikipedia: "She began working as a wedding and bar mitzvah singer, a job which she continued throughout her time at...Tisch"
What would be the best time 4 u to practice?
RT : Kobe named on 106 ballots, Wade on 4. Sorry, but that's kind of a joke.
RT : #SD counted 13,000 homeless children at some point in last year. Story 2nite at 5pm!
This mangu is gonna boost mines <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Opening Day is the best day of #MLB season. There is hope for everybody. That and baseball is back! BTW Happy Lincecum Day!
Staying up all night watching #ytp :D
yea dad got me at this damn house doing all the work and his ass left.. Go clean your damn room since I am out here doing shit
I think so. Revenue increased & "I don't believe" there was fan backlash with demolishing Yankee stadium.
Loved the show tonight!
why does everything have to be so fucking complicated
“: 49ers ballin...I am so proud of my favorite team:-)” Yur killin us!
Kobe said Durant you can have it. Imma rest tonight and shine my rings. Lol
A star is born...so pretty...buzz buzz!
Fear and Loathing at Disneyland
The devil is always in the detail
difficult to generate good vibrations when officers are making Tue news for bad behavior?
Followed u back :))) miss u girl!
: Well, small world! Diane from the Interior D's here. No wonder your name sounded familiar!
Appreciate the follow!-www.starttheconversations.com
hahaha I was exited for a brief moment
Reviewing KPMG 2011 US Hospital Nursing Labor Costs Study now
me too! Totally!
Helluva half boys, duplicate them shits!!
seems like they tried to mix things up a bit. but couldn't they have the major radio stations do one each?
gonna rest my pretty eyes :) goodnight world <3
Still think they should have used Mamoun's Shawarma at the end... do you know what the spot they chose was called?
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs! Without you, among some other super cool inventions, there would be no Antengo
#watching south park... Than off to bed, looking forward to a productive week.
#Astros catcher Chris Snyder's walk up music is Marvin Gaye's Sexual Healing. Really! Strange choice, right?
RT : Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
yes! See, that I can get behind. A little ingenuity, humor, personal delivery.
Very frustrating for me to watch because I'm a big fan of Tex. but I have been hoping for him to lay down bunt v shift since '10
#FuckIt2TearsInABucket..She aint acting right, so imma give her 48hrs and text her back, cause now she talking
Good Morning, Lube Nation! What do you have planned for today?
What happens to the audience you build after an exhibition-based blog/community closes?
Thanks for the chocolate! Hope the conference was productive for you. Hope to see you next year.
Checking in at #SMCSeattle. Will watch for you :)
4 day weekend. Aw yeah <3
This has been like agency visit week. One more to go and then back to the office. Right back into that world. Crazy.
Hm...have you brought that up at a City Hall Meeting?
no, but I did grill cheeseburgers for dinner. And I'm part Irish.
Top of the morning to all the dope dealers,puzzy poppers and 9 to 5'erz!!
same here!
sure if you've got a license and an ability to talk people down! Ill be sure to get that into our contract.
Holding loosely to the temporal things in life...
pandora, you're sucking ass right now.
She was fabulous! "Tom Cruise has been in the closet so long I gave him to Goodwill."
I am! I'll see you there :) Show you what B-Town's all about!
The bad girl reunion is about 2 be 5live.... I can't wait
placing order now! is white too much?
Sure companies can underprice. And they can go out of business too. What's your point? See my Tweet Safeway profits.
Thank you Advocate Health for a great session on leveraging social media
PR in Hurdles!!! Finally!
Exactly. People are "on". Many of them don't want to break "character", either. I am this, you are this. We act like this.
Thanks, glad you liked the review.
Thomas Merton-"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time."
will you follow me??? please i need very very much
#Just_For_Fun Run into a store and frantically ask, "What year is it?" When they answer, jump up and down and say, "My time machine worked!"
"No matter what the level of your ability, you have more potential than you can ever develop in a lifetime." -James T. McCay
Thank you whitney for making me believe in myself your music makes me feel free you may rest in peace
Ugh I can't stop screaming. Its gonna be a loud weekend.
I have found life a delightful, fascinating, active, and sometime horrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it totally.
thanks Abe “: Gilbert Arenas is owed $62,423,766. For the sake of the Orlando Magic, I hope he gets picked up.”
Just got a "free" calendar in the mail. One week in December and 4 months in 2012 are missing. Ah, who needs proofreading?
Help celebrate what would have been Helen C.'s 115th birthday. College Library is giving away 115 cupcakes on 1st floor - NOW!
Remember last time you spent a day on YOU? Buy a ticket today to Project Mom event on 3/5, get $20 Target gift card.
It does help! Thank you!
Midichlorians are off the charts today!
Excitement is brewing for KCOM class of 2011.
did u get my text?
On to wikis. Arnold says wikis are mostly consumed by knowledge seekers. Still very analog, a la encyclopedias. Limited options for comm.
I have not yet perfected the art of taking pictures of the moon ...
u stalk hahaha.
I was dictating my tweet!
special shoutout to . thankz for the follow
Simsimi just told me my homeroom teacher sucks dick <<<<
Coming home from D.C Had a day filled with meetings including Grant, Meade and passing Ford's and Peterson House
be sure to actively communicate with the people you follow and have a focus to your tweets so people know what to expect.
Finallty took the lead in my Nfl Fantasy league match
Spurs over clips in 5?
he doesn't believe me! He's like stop being in denial. Shit, he's good.
Is there any player in the NBA that sprints the court without the ball harder than Avery Bradley?
Seeing that I have 69 followers made my day. What a great number.
Follow follow him now if you do I will follow you follow him he's an amazing singer/actor #HydePryde !!!!!!!!!!!
Do we know what happened for the Preds to suspend Alexander Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn before a critical game 3?
So much fun to wake up this morning and see people's #favoritewords :D
DAMN YOU..... I would've done the same thing.....
Choose your last words this is the last time cause you and I we were Born To Die
Ahh, that's what I've been doing wrong. Okay, I'll work on that. Should I know everything & then become a ghost or vice versa?
jamming Bing Crosby and hanging out with Greg (read: it's getting Christmassy)
I <3 each and every one of you guys! i just want you to all know that! <333 (:
one of my favorite movies! Dru named his cats after venus and pepper!
o I see how it is these days
Haha just seen #Vh1 Taylor, she lost something, prolly in that scrap last month hah! *devilishgrin*
RT : We're going with an ID (instructional design) theme... tho iDesign might be a fun twist. Please join us & invite your coworkers
Very cool! We love Vincennes. Had an awesome visit with our Food for Thought traveling exhibit last year.
Listening to Mi Amor By (: Its been forever since I heard this song !(: I still love it !(:
Going to be hosting a MC tournament. Going to be epic.
LAST CHANCE TO REGISTER FOR #EGYPTIAN PRESIDENTIAL #ELECTIONS (elections.eg) today 18:00 hrs ET
If you kiss we will kiss ... I know we are close but ... Ahhahahah
airport soon :)
Love has been playing very impressive as of late. Can't argue with 21 rebounds, that's pure desire.
Saw Pat Kane at the cemetery this morning
mamas is my favorite Mexican food in Belltown! How can a burrito named Elvis be wrong?
Exhibit tells Hemingway&#39;s story
grammy's, nuggets, and Avs....all just so terrible
We now have easy connection b/w an individ's passion to learn and the resources to learn it. What is the value of schools now?
Thanks for the re-Tweet, Emily!
What the hell are you talking about, Bob Dylan?
Open Mic tonight! 20 comedians performing! Sign-up from 6-7pm, lineup posted at 7:30pm, show starts at 8pm. FREE with a two-item minimum!
Thank you very much
Plot nailed? If you change your main story too much while writing it, you will need to change the whole structure beneath. Replan. Rewrite.
aww bummer dude I just got my tuxedo
You def got to!!!! It's fun and so nice because of the weather! It's more fun when your trespassing for some reason haha
": Ya'll need to stop with that subtweetin all over my TL. The both of you!!" YEA KNOCK IT OFF
Justin Bieber on Ridiculousness.<U+2665>.<U+2665>
because i have a lot of homework this week:(
don't worry I will :)
Even creepier- I read your tweet the same time that verse came on. For realz. LOL!!
Masoli tries to make something out of nothing, butends up loosing yards. Flint to try FG.
Thanks for the shout-out! You rock!
RT : #casting talent tip: don't submit for project and write "google me for links to my video" Ain't happening!
Just found out im exempt from one of my finals...go me
Did you know the Davie Shorty's has been open for 25 years?! Time flies when you're eating good BBQ!
That's scary! Where is Smashwords based? Syria? North Korea? Boycot Paypal!
Girls, if you want more chocolate in those baskets, I have more
I wish that would notice me i <3 her so much:)my brother was so lucky to work w u@ a photoshoot@ Milk! Wish I could meet u
#intlsymposium Reaching each student on their level.
Would be nice to know how/where those funds are allocated, because if merging schools and cutting jobs is typically $ issue
David Bollier on the commons - "gift" + "duty" via
#Pacers trying their best to recreate game 1.
what :( I'm going to go jump off a bridge.
yes we have #4pmdailyrain here too but the past few years, it's been starting later in the year than we really need it to.
looking forward to following along in your stream!
Addiction to opioids has higher risk of death than alcohol or other drugs
good times!
Live Musicians make the Music come alive, tracks are cool but when u get a band kicking in the pocket its a whole another level.
Mostly digging the new JSOnline app.
Hey #decalda don't forget you can still hit up our Facebook to see pics, video, and get a shirt for you or your bros.
Hm what should Aaron eat tonight??
Hey we missed you! So much fun up. Gonna come up again soon. PJBC is awesome
ah gotcha. (and my phone usually does hte for the... Womp)
Ah mother fucker it's a tie game now!
Have you ever seen a two meter gator up on its hind legs staring you down in Washington, Senator? New York has problems.
#NP Collie Man.
I know! I haven't had time to go shopping to support the ridiculous elimination diet but I start it this weekend. Wish me luck!
All in all this is a pretty perfect weekend.
- My pleasure. There's a special place in my lively heart for you! Haha!
THIS DAY OH MY GOSH
"Happy hump day"~~~it's near the end of the work week for me!!! Woohoo!!! ;D
Unlike most of us, you're capable of actually doing it!
Just added it
had such a great time at #CSAC_counties, thanks to everyone that came by our booth
One move is keeping a single title off the shelves; RandomHouse's move is probably keeping many many others off the shelf. Go figure.
Thanks to twitter you can connect to fellow Laker fans. You're in hockey town.
hey Chris I just want to tell you that I love your new CD.
next, why don't you do what I did and, I don't know, ask Google! just because I live in LA does not make me a realtor or an encyclopedia....
Please welcome missberlee to the Max life
let em talk baby let em talk!
Absolutely. Sooner than later.
will have video up soon of him supporting a trademark of junkyard dog's
Justin & Nick will run off too and be our next door neighbors ...its perfect.
nothing I can't handle. Just a huge work project to get done this weekend
Yeah. I get out early doe.
This is Kentucky's largest halftime lead ever in a national championship game.
RIP Jim Marshall
Louisa Young, thank you for your wonderful book, My Dear I Wanted to Tell You. Brilliant, moving. I loved it.
yes cause of course that's what "really" matters
I just beat you down on Xbox live on Madden 12 in front of the hole world..I can not be stop I am the champion..who is next.????
Trust issues
RT from #Canada on"scheming virtuously" - making crafty plans that conform to moral principles
Mention me ill mention back
i cant find my sweater and my eyes feel like they are on fire.
thank you!
safe sledding tonight!
lol he will just like last year even though he Mexican lol
yes, looks way crazy! Extreme!
You have NO idea how bored I was with no phone!!! I mean, I had a cell, but that wears on a country girl after a moment.
You don't know that sound I know that sound
Nah I got lynne
R Kelly style
why don't you find your way to my bed? yes?
i love watching Ellen. Very funny and my kids like to dance with you
Just found Liam's first birthday theme. Lil quarterback!!!'
"Sit in the front. I'm hard of hearing." - guy my grandma hired to drive me to the airport. Turns out he had a lot to say about mustangs.
I see what you're doing here...
shall i call you now.. type in ur no again
Other guys work for the insurance company; we work for you. For the best insurance at the best price, don't sign anything till you call 4M.
yay! See you in an hour! Anyone puke yet?
RT : I suggest people change their Twitter passwords today.
"What is #bmorehistoric?"
I HATE the damn rain.... mainly cuz it messes up my hair !
anyone wanna chill?
Mark Lein, CEO of Flyline Search Marketing says $100 Free Google Adwords Credit for new 12 month clients!
My dude has some Molly. We can roll all day if you want. :)
A's good friend has been out of school due to illness all week, A is not a happy camper.
whats up cutie
Mormons have HUGE spaceships & when the Rapture begins they'll all take them to Mars. REAL Christians would NEVER leave during the Rapture!
Caught up on the latest episode of and my heart is still pounding and my jaw is still dropped. Cannot wait til next week
Who Are the Famous Parents of This Adorable Little Girl? (PHOTOS) It ’s been a while since we ’ve seen this little tyke! Some celebri
congrats to Jamie Moyer, one of the nicest athletes to grace this planet. His autograph proudly hangs on my wall!
Why are there so many police cars parked on the roadside all over DC today?
Band pracitce today???
Darn it all! This link will not work for me:( Thanks for sharing though,lol Hope you have a great Mothers day Sweets<3
Forist: it's not so much about us, but where we are and our visitors
I left my wine in your fridge
Metrics and evaluation don't have to take the heart out of what we do. presented on that at
Anymore shoutouts for the podcast?
just got back from school checked my twitter page went from 236 2 267 thank u 2 the 1s who followed me and 2 the people who didnt
mid-day snooze, early night stoody sesh
i feel u nohomo
awh really! [: i like the countrey too..mainly the nature thow hah [:..i dont like all of the music.
on the plus side it's mad soft today so i'm not even mad
Finally able to follow you back. And, you have a high bar for your tweets after #EE11SF. Don't disappoint. :-p
yay guys i just booked a lifetouch preschool portraits print ad!
follow me back
very nice. I tried walking my puppy & having one at the same time, didn't work, he was all over the place! the best time...
Bored listening to music. pc4pc???
cool let me know what do to get involved as a sponsor sounds like a good time. I'm in. Cheers
when I get a ring for it, so can you.
Going to get ice cream from the bodega and watch another episode Mad Men.
hey have any plans friday or saturday?
I got my Top 1000 badge for the 2nd year in a row. Yay!
she said today about 3 times how die hard kings fans are HAHAHA .
Reasonable people adapt themselves to the world. Unreasonable people attempt to adapt the world to themselves.
is proud to present her new pride and joy...my custom-made Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc. jacket! I LOVE IT!
RT : We have some amazing people involved with the event, I couldn't be more thankful.
chicagos pizza on blanco and oblate
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
York, you know?
I like to chew gum.
i told myself i wasnt gonna open my laptop my whole vacation, that lasted about 4 days....smh
Yeah. I run 3 Drupal sites w/ 6.x. 2 can't be upgraded bc the modules aren't there yet. Currently developing a 4th with 7.x.
"that guy's a dick, let me date him. That guy's nice, let me avoid him"
give me a job
I know :( I'll die. The only thing that could make this mothers day worse would be me actually being a mother
Being in the presence of people who give off positive energy can give you the boost you need...be that positive source!
damn i thought I saw you on the street a few days ago but I didn't run after you cause I thought you weren't in town
Thank you! Have a great day!
Ehh maybe sometimes honesty isn't the best policy ...
Just don't "Dance" with Mr bojangles in between turn 3 and 4
Never realized how hard it is to laugh at my boss's jokes til after today..
Nice work ! You're on a roll in 2011!!
Good luck charlie love this show.
Say man, are you still alive? If I don’t hear from you within three days, I’ll assume you’re not & #unfollow you.
What is up with Racine?
Nearly 7 in 10 medications prescribed for 80-plus European elders are useless reports Pharma Times, (36% not needed and 30% inappropriate).
Eww now I see why some people NEED to edit their pics!! Their face looks like it got kicked by a horse! Smh #JustSaying :-)
Suge all day.... Rozay's heart pumps po boys, he's not cut out for that kind of physical challenge
Its like you're spitting on me and not even realizing it.
what did you do, girl? Sleep or workout?
Can't wear skinny jeans cuz my knots don't fit
Have a fantastic weekend Becky! Any big plans?
I guess lies will b told until the world blows!
Tonight! @ 7PM on ESPN, Symantec will be co-sponsor of the Insight Bowl 2011. The game is the Iowa Hawkeyes vs. the Oklahoma Sooners. I'm…
COOL RUNNINGS, STILL A CLASSIC!
Christopher drew<3
April 5th is days away! You know our dress code is strict....so what are you wearing?
what the matter babygirl???...Your other other dad got your back always. Just 1 phone call away. <---Trust That!
US home values drop 1.7 trillion in 2010. And outlook isn't great next year. Yay for owning a home!
what u know about the Dream?
First rate paper by Drew Daniel: Timon's misanthropy performed on a Smithson Jetty.
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow and you are cute smile on your face i love it michelle
It’s the middle of the week and the goose is loose at Sidebar. $5 #Greygoose cocktails!
Opening night of "1776" & party at afterward! And Act II begins...
Be Blessed
2 wks from watching my students graduate; 1 month from annual trek east. For me there's no question. My cities: DC & the ATX.
good job! Haha n ill keep that in mind next time
Do we think there will be penn state riots?
cool, thanks!
Hey mate. Down at Yale once a week now on Tuesdays. There might be some drinks plans the night of my talk if your around?
i don't think that the order of grapes listed on the label is regulated, more a matter of custom, highest % to least.
European absinthe? You all hallucinating over there? Haha
Any suggestions for Harlem happy hr? Help :)
Discussion of outsourcing R1.1: how much monitoring over outsourced lawyer should be req'd? "Reasonable belief of competence?"
Try to control me, boy, you get dismissed.
My phone says it has a software update but won't download it. Any tech peeps out there in twitter town?
Hey , Another HUGE event 2nite + Belvedere Sponsored Saturday Bottle Specials + Surprise DJs. Reply YES for VIP LIST
He puts a smile on my face w/o even talking to him. I'm falling and I think he's gonna catch me
oh okay well yay!!! You get to go to they concerts!!! Lol
But sometimes its bad cause they take advantage of you...
Beating around the bush or talking in circles, will do nothing but piss me off, come direct....
I can wash and do laundry with ease and little complaining. However the folding, hanging up and ironing aspect make me want a slave.
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results. -Tony Robbins
Today's BTU inspiration: "Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." ~Marianne Williamson
First Looks: See Tom Cruise’s Full W Editorial, Tats and All: W magazine's June cover stars Tom Cruise as his Rock ...
Romney cutting a kid's hair when he was a kid makes him a douche... but not a bully. People need to stop using that term.
Saw the unveiling of the new USPS GoPost service. Pretty darn nifty...innovation meets convenience.
Ops...John Cusack!
Wow! RT : Yes! Just celebrated the 1yr anniversary of the transplant!
My Mama Jus Spent $20 on tickets n Won $20 she mad Cuz Sheen Win Lik Me
Go follow her my friends.
team swag fags xP
This weekend is a marathon session of editing! Today the goal is to LOCK reel one, which is scenes 1 through 30. So far it's lookin' good!
Ch. 14 QA Explosion, organization into inmate-led groups, confrontation, termination, and reaction and explanation.
Art meets Research: Tomorrow at 3:30 in OCH Michael Kubovy on "The Aesthetics and Psychology of Randomness"
idk, when is that?
Check out Lightning Print or other print-on-demand services.
So far I /really/ like the interface on Google +
Not bad. How about...whoopie cusion
as they should be!
Tired of Broken Promises
I love the ICONic Boyz but the things some ICONiacz say about other crews makes me want to leave this fan base.
As a player,understand that ur defensive ability has a direct correlation with how many minutes you play,& how valuable you are to ur team.
put money in the box :3 i still love you more..
OMFG did you see this video that Justin posted??? DEAD! He's so fucking sexy!
hooray! that was the goal! brownies + no meetings....
RT : this could get ugly RT : 's amazing Asian leads are all in one city. HK better watch out!
:-) Ive taken too many chances and it then became a lesson learned
UPDATE: Crash on Cornelius Pass Rd involves a truck on its side with a power line down...Cornelius Pass BLOCKED.
I know this might be random but you are so cute!^_^
Listening to Mayo Clinic's talk on their progression to social media.
Wife is paying a bill for the first time in her life, Oh if only...
That's just one more reason to hate Macy's. Add it to the list!
I might be an Apple fanboy, but a stylus, really Samsung? My Palm IIIc was pretty awesome I guess.
"greater Baltimore needs to focus both on investing in the next economy & ensuring low-income people are connected..."
: Why? Whats goin on with Nick?
RT : There's a way to tie in tonight's truck winner, the GOP debates & infidelity. But sadly, I'm not clever enough to pull it off
good look brother!!!! That was crazy
is your round table at 6:30? I'll be in there tomorrow at some point.
Good point. RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
I think it's safe to say you missed one of the most incredible events and has ever hosted!
Thank you!
gurlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll. ima virtually hurt you if you be awkward tonight!
hey abi isnt going to concession tomorrow.. o:
RT Beautification project on 5/27 for #OELA, a community service group benefiting the East LA community!
Yeah just got inside The Vualt in LA shout to my girl thanks ma! Checkin out the homie !!
.....Facebook is dead like Memphis!
It's gorgeous outside! Skipped all the work I had to do this afternoon to go walking in the park with my sis. Totally worth it.
hahahahaha. Well, thank you so much! You're very kind! (:
this bunheads situation Looks fun
Out it flows, I just need for it to go away...
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Thank you big bro!!<U+2764> RT : and you should <U+270A> happy mothers day sis .
"My foul-weathered friend." --Winston Churchill
Yeah! bigots everywhere.
- "Hey, you wanna laugh, last week this prick asked me to baptize his kid."
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
thx sexy glad u following i wanna follow u
#SundayFunday people. Get after it.
all the time, Bucky
Check out the Peace Ride - Be the Courage! www.ThePeaceRide.com
* I just ate four big ham sandwiches. I will be a fat girl. :(
I drop it like its some delicious hot Cuban coffee! come by for a sample
yeah I don't know about temp housing, Craigslist is prob the best or ask internship coordinators if they have one
My cat just killed and ate his second moth of the day. #mothpocalypse descends upon
i have started a new twitter handle for my wedding invitation business called follow if you are interested!
": Just bcuz I didn't announce it, doesn't mean I didn't do it." Love it, secrecy is a lost art
Down to the FT or 1am, whichever comes first.
Pinterest inspires me to be domestic.
I think I'm gunna die lol
Vote for your favorite crab house or carryout at baltimorebestcrabs.com
Pleasure! Always great stuff to read and absorb into our lives. :0)
A perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire. ~George Bernard Shaw
How do you ensure the companies you use are reputable?
"where's agent orange today?" - mr begonia
“: The weekend means the week ended, not the work. When working hard is a lifestyle it never stops.” Amen
It's lady music kind of day: Florence and the Machine, Regina Spektor, Paramore, Gaga
Thanks Chris! #MM Happy new year!
I have to spend my whole day outside in Oakland in the hot sun and I had to wear jeans and shoes
Just got back from the sweetest sweet 16 EVA!
Happy Birthday today to former #Redskins head coach Jim Zorn!
Ever wanted to do #MMA or self-defense classes? Great deal: $300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T. for only $50.
#Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person we become.
Fuck Monday love Friday...
hope he feels better! :-/
Next up: from Dell on "taking control of online conversations."
If i still used a pager ....would you jugde me?
Happy MLK Day!!
One of the most interestingly informative posts yet!
I'll bring my sharpie just in caae
Today I'm so grateful for everything I have learned. Happy Birthday to one of the best people who ever lived. <3
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL...not a Yankee fan by any means but I hope this doesn't mean the end to his career.
Turnout for the Cleveland Minstrels at Bush St. theater last night was meager considering the reputation of these burnt-cork professionals.
I have no idea. I was being a smart aleck who has no actual knowledge on the movie or roller skating in general.
KatieLonggggggggggg............ miss u
nope! Big baby!
I can tweet in my sleep
Ew i have a final first period tomorrow why am i still up.
Pissed off about packers resigning erik walden
I don't know...it might form the Bad-ass Singularity, and who knows what might happen then?
At Cleveland Public Theatre to see Not The Flying Stupendas. Last weekend...closes on Sat.
What's the catch here? How do you make money on a FREE album? Is this a link to a virus?
I'm afraid I'm gonna miss it cause of graduation.. Oh nooos
Today was one of the worst days ever
I Just Scratched Off $15,000 On A $5 Dollar Jumbo Bucks!!!!
My sister just picked her nose. FRICKEN DISGUSTING.
What are these banned books? Are they actually banned, or is that just a name?
Holy bananas...really? I guess stamina is part of that job as well.
Bob are the Bobcats more of a "sorry" team than the 1972-73 Ph. 76ers. Is this all Jordan’s fault? Will it get better?
When Austin sees this he's gonna freak.
Ah. Haven't seen a close shot...dealing with a huge rare ribeye...Done now. I'll pay attention.
lmfao! youu know after he's done doing his ''thing'' he shoots them with his nerf gun >:)
Of industrial countries on the list, the U.S. ranks near the bottom in caring and providing for its citizens.
#10FactsAboutMe most of the time i feel like im alone and i cant go to no one for advice
Low costs mbrshp partnership with Bank On DC to get Capital Bike Share into hands of folks with less financial literacy. Let's do that here!
Obama confesses to a 'pretty please' foreign policy. "We politely asked Bin Laden if we could shoot him in the face. He said no. Oh well."
We would be interested in speaking with you.
Just two big rocks that'll alienate you from your friends and family and ultimately lead to your first of many arrests.
you have to play unender.
Thanks ! Just got People Who Eat Darkness by in the mail. My #FridayReads is going True Crime. Japanese style.
Tell her i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND THAT I LOVE HER! <3
43% of MPS students said violence is a problem in their school.
Was really pulling for Nolte there, if only for the confusing twisted ramble that would ensue.
me too!
I'm gonna do that shit. SIKEEEEE, damn that was so stupid!
I am freakin WALRUS man
#IfICouldWishForAnything I wish I finally could gain up enough courage to tell you how much I love you, and how long I've loved you!
Thanks ! Glad they helped.
Ok, this is my very first tweet- somebody out there may care what I'm doing!
Big Time Hawaii *-*
The #Caps can clinch the Southeast division tonight with a Tampa Bay loss in regulation to the Blackhawks
It's not hard to move on. It's just hard to leave behind what you're not supposed to bring along.
New flash. Not the sharpest at sports. What did CJ do?
lol saying a prayer before never hurts
Thanks for the #FF love Michael!
thank you.<3:)
is at Pitzer College in Claremont for their Alumni Weekend. First time visiting the campus in almost three years.
it's on!
#cloudexpo I second your vote for an inside party
that is what we are here for, happy Zipping!
idk one of the ppl sounds like theyre singing karaoke. Gimme alfonso all day. More artist like. No screaming. Ugh.
Chest hair is just a content trail its all about that happy trail thooo
New quote of the day - Can I just put my mom's phone number on the wall? (For every NURFC visitor to see?!?) No kid, no you can't!
I definitely will be bringing out the grill this weekend!
Worth a thousand pictures:
Does anyone know what kind of phone Scarlett Johansson uses- cause that camera def. doesn't add 10lbs
just enabled geo tagging.
Saw a Lot of ice looking teenagers out tonight for Prom. Made it a point to compliment and talk to
ok cool thanks
Wearing my running shoes to work today, might take a walk at lunch after IN n out....unless I'm too full
Haha. Kim FTW!!!
we know it's not funny it's not a joke
Long hair Dont care
ahahaha they seem like fun ^_^
"Above us, only sky"
For reals. I want to know hidden camera laws.
Apparently I am being auctioned to be in the dunk tank. Its up to $100. HAHAHAHA
I don't know.. But, all I know is I miss muhhh bestfrienddd!
We had our phone hooked up for 2 minutes before getting our first political call. SERIOUSLY?!?
LinkedIn Best Practices (Free Money Finance)
Spare me what you're thinking,
Research question? What price point would you hire a car service to drive you to Mitchell Field vs driving yourself and parking?
It's time to start planning your outside barbecues and graduation parties!
ha ha ESPN is talking about twitter right now about it giving NFL teams advantages and disadvantages
Why do I have to fill out these stupid questionairres when places never call me back when I apply online? Dumbazzes.
We want everyone to be safe, and also why we chose a venue that's literally 400ft from a DART rail stop. Hope you come out :)
Happy St. Patricks Day!
Going to the smoke shop today...I think yes
But opponents say jobs programs like a high solar feed in tariff requiring local mfg should be funded by tax payers not rate payers
Don't fault you for it at all. :) You should read the daily #feedback #godaddy gets though -- even from other designers.
quiet slave!!!
Bones bread, camembert, cabernet, cat, top chef, and a quiet house...its almost like I'm single again.
Dam that girl gotta bell pepper nose!!
House Republicans should have to live on food stamps for a month, reconvene then vote again on their proposed budget cuts.
GREAT win
RT : First impression of #wordpress 3.2 dashboard - ugly font salad. Functional impressions take longer.
Got home not too long ago from our gig at The Otter House! It went well, audience got into it! Heading to Alexandria, Va. early this morning
It's strategy time. We are about to discuss how we can take over the world. If you have any insight let us know. We are ready.
Procurement Source Solutions, "Your Avenue to Government Contract Information"
I'm willing to bet that the real life Molly Brown was in-fucking- tolerable.
This feels like a filler episode so far
it's ok I'm gonna go cry now por que soy bien feo lol
Hanging out at Pat's Oak Manor. Def old school here.
This movie sounds like a nightmare. Makes it hard to believe we're really in 2011.
I can think of a couple of music zines like cometbus, homocore, and punk. I'll look into more for you.
I'm not used to running into things when I walk out of a room but I guess I forgot to put some boxes away
You are doing an incredible job supporting and talking up Intersections! Hope to make it to a few performances this week!
Today was a great day!
Marketing analytics is not about more tools, it is about data - and getting IT people to get your #scrm, #socbiz, and #emailmarketing needs.
late? you're seven days early!
Because dreams aren't meant to be broken...
RT : Feeling nutty? The first 50 people to whisper “go nuts” receive a #free coconut!
The answer is ALWAYS, ALWAYS shopping. Shopping always wins.
Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags
learning about how many of my clients/colleagues are benefiting from government's SCORE program, receiving free business guidance.
Who wants to be my boyfriend? Going once, going twice, sold, to my laptop.
nice! Did you work on that particular study?
Got a new ukulele at #FAI12? Head over to the Beale room for an intro class to your new instrument!
thanks for kind words!
Oh, yuck! Wishing y'all much chicken soup, many books to read aloud to Little Z & a damn good immune system for you!
At the DC Dental Society meeting? Stop by booth #320 and say hello!
just got 126 pointer in words. Booyahhhh!
you're such a gentlemen
im down. What time?
u are amazing you are like the only fashion channel I watch on YouTube
Our only show for this month fell through :( anyone have or know of a good show opportunity? We will be prepared!
Thanks, Audrey! You're making wonderful progressions! We're looking forward to your next session!
i am
I'm ready to get in some TROULBE.
Good morning all bout to start my day doing what i love the most. Riding my bike. Heading into town to take care of some bull.
Or performed the halftime show instead of Madonna RT : Clint Eastwood should have been Mayor of Detroit...
haha song lyric. But I suppose
Buffet's recent pro-tax op ed makes 1 wonder why he hasn't given all his money to the IRS vs charities. Bc the gov is a poor investment.
Love when mommy takes me grocery shopping. I dont know what real food is.
Did they leave yet....
As someone sensitive to Earth's movements, look for movements to continue until moon distance to Earth increases. Moon closest in 18 yrs.
Layed out on the roof with country music.
nothing really wbu?
er ! I shall er in your ear all day MONDAY !
And I am Emily's Maid of Honor :')
If he doesn't, we're going to make him sit down and get scolded severely by Marissa Rubino!
That cute, adorable, awkward stoner-boy vibe.
good. Cause your a douche bag. Have a nice fucking life. Wait. I take that back. I hope you dont.
Giambi is still playing? What's the median age of the #Rockies ?
Thanks for the RT of my post! :) Make allies, not enemies! cc
You're annoying..
#AAM2011 Online fever session: OK grad liked online prog cuz she could stay in FT job while earning Master's
TOTALLY!! :D
Thanks for sharing your #ywstinks slides. Wish I could have seen your presentation in person.
I would be working a double on 4-20..which only means I expect work to be hella busy !!
Morning: Today's a lazy outfit/hair day :) School- one of the cutest guys comes up to talk to you after school Me- Crap. >_<
WTF! Bo his
No the Radio just refuse to play it.
Also - How to be prepared, from your first interview to the full interview and final visit at the school district, follow
<U+2665>Love Is You<U+2665>
Can't even sleep now Finna call my dad
The "molection" continues until Saturday - get your votes in! We’ve got The 19th Street Band tonight – performance begins at 9pm!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 100!
well hello there :-)
Stu(dying) ..... Coincidence? I think not.
Thanks! I will definitely keep you in the loop. As I film more work in process, I will make sure you see it.
indeed. But I just see a lot of bad stuff...just wondering where they are learning?
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you! No one can make fun of you better than you can
Need uh bad bitch ta monkey on my dick!”
Just confirmed a meet and greet for Hunter Hayes ladhgskfg. o h my g a w d. what is air.
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, all reds-$14. Happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy
The reason why I smile is because you make me smile ;))
Way to go, K.C.! Sending good vibes your way!
Awesome, hit me up when you're headed to U St brudder!
I want something diff,, dark disturb diff 1 big challenge of sorts
Theater Camp is only a few days away! #whosexcited?!
happy anniversary!
. He doesn't want to wrestle against blog features, like chronological posts, sidebars, banner headers. He wants a simple +
follow and i will follow back
#Socialanxiety may become so severe that it interferes with work, school, and can make it hard to make and keep friends.
This moment contains all moments. ~C.S. Lewis
No I don't fuck around!
you are a twit for asking if it is a twit or a tweet. ;) love you dad! Xx
Yeah, Andrew WhateverTheHeck. It's gonna be hard to get used to another guy after Maguire
Happy birthday !!!!! I love you soooioo much I hope you enjoy it!! <U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328>
hey you just need to follow more users )
It went great! We sang Ok It's Alright With Me, Jar of Hearts, & Good Life (by One Republic). Keep an eye out for videos! /te
Thank you all for the birthday messages! So many luv for each of you!
Ughh I hate just laying down in my bed not being able to fall asleep -___-
Funny hulk trying to pick up thors hammer
Nate: ok, let's start counting the mistakes now.
Pharo's just tuttin' like always
I'm already registered but would far rather see those free chokes go to others 2 enjoy. I happily buy mine regularly!
Just seen «« looking cambells m m good
Happy Friday Everyone!
you go through all the bad stuff with one person so you can go and use what you learned on someone else
Well....I have done 0 work other than unlocking the door this morning :)
With a Little Help From My Friends just left me speechless.
#NP Usher- climax over n over on my lunch break
Happy Friday Everyone! Off to see all my Friends Wish I could go visit too
Happy Friday everyone! 1 more day until play game 4 against the stupid rangers! LETS GO CAPS!
chris that's for this chatroom I have on facebook
who needs sleep!
Im all for making a man wait but 90 days might be a lil much
hope everything is ok <3 :[
I feel so much shame it's not even funny. I got shawshanked.
Don't wait for the a-ha, just listen carefully. It's everywhere.
RaRRR cant sleep been up since 3:00am cant wait to hear from the realtor... put an offer in on a condo :)
have you tried whole grain bread? Or Ezekiel bread?
Walking out to Celine Dion at the Harley Davidson museum?! haha classic!
Where is the after church lunch spot in Montgomery????
Dim Mak party tomorrow with Fischerspooner and AutoErotique at Cameo... Really?
Officially moved out. Goodbye Tallahassee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
"The world and its desires pass away, but the man who does the will of God lives forever." - 1 John 2:17
I am working hard to get all my work done so that I may enjoy the weekend with my family! Good Luck me!
Reading about the "for Benefit" enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For & Non profits spectacular
No I don't like you , I just thought you were cool enough to kick it . <U+2665>
Forever was the promise in our hearts
Man it is SO HARD to sit here and photoshop from 10p-3p.
I cringe when I hear his new song. It sounds good, but the grammar is wrong.
Great! Yes, the same spot works for me...unless you'd like to change it up and meet at the Starbucks off Coit&Campbell instead?!
Sabotage - Wale ft Lloyd >>>
get on xbox
Reading my TL at 3 something in the morning in almost more interesting then reading all day
I also want Mary's perpetually alarmed eyebrows.
Thats what im talkin about!! RT : 'we are young' &lt; burnt ass bitch song.
watching you on WW, my mom walks in and asks "is that Dr. Oz and Queen Latifah?" Lol
RT : #GetRealChat 9pm et w/guest discuss how she leverages relationships 2 zoom career into radio & entertainment
we used to play a game, "pass it on", what was said by first person would barely resemble what was said by the last person in line
It's a well known fact that colonel puts a secret ingredient in his chicken that makes you crave it fortnightly
If we supported local business/shops as much as we talk about and share Occupy Wall Street, half the battle would be won. Occupy Main St.
So during ride my buddy asks if I wanted some "goo". Incredibly, I knew what he meant. It was actually pretty good stuff.
omg I sing in this one too omg wait dont watch it omg my voice cracks omg I cant sing when I cant hear myselfl
Watching porn on your laptop at Panera
Stevens.. and Warped Wednesday were my favorites. I miss the old Fuse. :/
TAKE ME WITH YOU
You used to call me baby.
Best show on the strip hands down. Everyone and anyone should see your show, You Rock. :)
Even if Elin divorces Tiger and takes him to the cleaners he won't need to sleep on his buddy's couch ala Michael Strahan. He got taken bad.
Merry Christmas! Enjoy, be safe and blessed!
in one of those moods. all cares are gone..
I'm not sure but it might be after school
I like his name
Ah, sorry. Get better!
somebody give my nigga some pussy to eat lol
she totally was!!
what is sleep
I SAY GO FOR IT!!!
I imagine the soundtracks of our days are not all that different.
may have spoken too soon, though
just read that there's something going around on the Internet saying justin is proposing to selena shortly?! WTF?
Where the producers at!? I'm looking to hire people. Send an email to
you just put yourself on blsat lmfao !
it was great. i recorded it and have some great notes i'll be sharing.
I just did the dance around the lab, saying it in honor of you two. It was worth the strange looks.
Connecting clients to great local social groups instead of dating services. Who knew hobbies could land you a Thanksgiving date!
HU$TLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE PHILADELPHIA PA 19131 . IF ANY OF YOU TWEETER'S IN PHILLY COME TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS
We're at UNC's Digital Innovation Lab looking at how students are using digital humanities to explore the history of local communities in NC
I couldn't find any news on it. How did you find out? Sad!
is killing Black Cat..I just might dance my legs off
Site interesting, but about page lacking info. Need to know more about what you're looking for in photos (size, style, etc.)
Having my gall bladder out tomorrow. Will I miss it?
really dropped the ball wont be able to get to SF until Thurs pm thus ruining the vacation. Thanks
When shawty tell me how I do it , I Tell ha I do it Well
#ECHELON3000 TONIGHT HOUSE PARTY EDITION WITH LIVE ! Ladies Free All Night !!!
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
When I lose internet connection: 2% Waits patiently. 98% Raping the refresh button 1,000 time!
Rumor has it you're playing Toledo on December 21st, is this happening? :)
I swear to god if I see one pic or video on Twitter of fb I'm gonna flip a shit!!!! Come quick were goin to a teen club
Driving brand new cars are fun you just have to figure out how to operate the technology lol (HTSS)-H-THE-SEX-SYMBOL
Filled with wooden nutmegs?
Yup! Might be analytics overkill for the project, but we'll see!
I'm trying to email you this joint whats wrong wit ya email JBB??
Dear NC, Im a flower girl in a wedding 6/1!Thanks DC & the 2MEN that are in love & deserve to be married for that #LoveIsLove folks:) xoxo,B
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyy she's gonna look just like her !!!!!
Its happening now 3 classes for 20 dollars come on people lets get in shape
Just had a big fat steak, fresh corn, and a good beer.
anyone know how to get a recent article from the History Compass? From what I can tell the journal is mot in JSTOR, World Cat, etc.
either I'm getting older or I'm getting whiter; I find myself thinking A Prairie Home Companion is funny much more often than I used to
These informing things help to shape what we know, how we learn, the ?s we ask, the answers we give...how we see the world.
uuuughh....that's disappointing to hear
I know! So exciting! :)
goin to eat
& Thats was good! ;) Same here!
One more week before I catch up on #sleep and begin a fresh start on my body.
A great place to start is with me for your home projects.
crazing little ceasers and somehow i have a song from high school musical stuck in my head. IVE NEVER EVEN WATCHED IT!!!!
Really awesome day with :)
Holy crap a poster fell and I jumped lol but I hurt cuz I'm bruised like evrywhere
lmfaooo I love you boo<3
but are you down with OPP (Yeah you know me)? RT : Ready for the retreat tomorrow. And excited about BCE at the BPE!
#LMSunSIG umassboton is also trying to tie in faculty attendance at and certification in training to their PTR?
electric car, no question!!
A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better.
for work and my patented Rockstar Fitness Training Techniques!
At Charity Event Still atmosphere feels great got love LA
Obama jobs plan 450 billion potential cost to taxpayers. Thomas Bruzzesi jobs plan $0.00 cost to taxpayers. Who's the winner here America???
why you stay going on Kanye lmao
how to fix it? Don't allow habitually neg. Callers on the show...chuckie, Travis, Danny, lil rock guy all bring the show down
Starting the new year off right!
S/O to for getting me a cupcake and balloon! (:
Welcome to our #Museum family: and
Thanks for following!
Sending kitty love to as I go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><U+2764><U+2764>
Hey guys, is Michael Vick a trustworthy option today or would Carson Palmer be a more reliable QB? Thanks as always and Go Pack!
A month and a half til Commencement drops... You ready ?! Recording 4 tracks today !
Tony Stark loves fast cars and AC/DC. I love fast cars and AC/DC. Therefore, I am Tony Stark
#MyWorstFears are alligators and having to sit in the front row at the movies. Both are the reasons why I pre-order tickets to any event.
That would be...all the restaurants here.
Do you remember looking at the newspaper for show times?
Hahaha yes you are.
Guys, got some big stuff on the career front to tell you about here, soon.
does anyone know how to mark something as spam on twitter? or doesnt such thing exist yet?
thank you for the kind mention!!! have a great day!
So I guess high wind warnings should be listened to. Got really gnarly on the lake and we were forced to turn around :-(
because i am why did you put that you we´re in a relationship with christian?
I never call him back. “: Say hey to the Road Runner QB if you do! #weird”
weird introduction to the former senator. Almost sounded negative!! Shocking & Interesting!!!
Live and Let Live an original acrylic was selected by Alexandra Nechita to also be a signed edition. Each benefits
Could it be time for a field trip to Cozumel?
My entire mouth feels like lip plumper
Mother's day is just another day I'm thankful for such a wonderful mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
“: "People are really different, they are not just defective versions of your self."” amen.
just thought id ask, do you know anybody that owns a driving range or pro shop that might be interested in some used balls?
I hate whn niggas call my phne n start argument wit me bc u asked me was I comin 2 c u n I said no messing up my day
woohooo!! Sounds great:)
A big thank you to #InnisfreeBooks in Boulder for hosting last Wednesday's reading and TZ Hernandez for hosting and organizing the event.
Hacked innocuous volunteer-supported websites are major vector for fake AV software distributionm.
Well the no D Bowl I mean the probowl is on today. So 7-3 in the playoffs time to try to pick up a win so AFC 85 NFC 82 lol
really, you shouldn't encourage us :)
Saturday, October 22, is hosting a youth business bootcamp for high school students. free.
I dreamt that I was kidnapped and held hostage by thugs. I woke up sad that it was just a dream.
Welcome new fans! Will we be seeing you anytime soon?
Wait, Gilbert Arenas is still in the league? Lmao
that's wassup, I heard it was good
Ice Cream Sandwiches....
thanks girl!
bet bout to hit yo line now so pick up!
• So. Each envelope counts as an entry? Or one per household? Please let us know, thanks.
Did you know that BU Hillel has a gallery?
nice picture
#LivingSocial is getting addicting.... so many things I want to do!!!
Well I saw them Friday and Sat last weekend in St. Louis, and that didn't seem to do the trick. I hope you can do better!
i wanna stay up and be up when my brother gets home from prom but that won't be for another hour an a half.. 3 am. .___.
Did u know the avg. person drinks 20% of their daily calories?Remember to check nutritional info. on your beverages & check the added sugar!
#WebGreekTip - Tasks are now displayed in your calendar on their due date! Go to you Lists App: View > Tasks to create a new task!
Congratulations to on the launch of their new blue ad agency software! We are excited to be your graphics partner!
i loved !
Stand Up/Open Mic tonight from 6-8 presented by !
*hugs all around*
Looking forward to a great week of at & If you spot us, stick around and enjoy!
Happy birthday!
Find out October 21st! In theaters everywhere!!
Spenny said Purdy had concussion in his post match comments FYI.
Morning, Ron.
Shit...that last tweet makes me sound like i #respectwomen I mean, #doorknobs ladies,
Ensign Crusher does not crap! “: Oh. My bad. It was a 3.9. I only crap bigger than that after a breakfast burrito. I regret the error.”
the same thing that make em wanna judge me...is the same thing that make him wanna luv me
Thanks for your mention. Your twitter etiquitte is impeccable.
Regardless of when I get up to start my day, I'm still not ammorning person.
Yes, I used my seat warmer and my heater this morning. I am not ashamed ;)
Why does Chinese food taste better on cold, rainy nights?
try Bales's bacon maple.
let me get a little further in before I try to describe. uses sneaky plot turns (and I highly recommend his work!)
Bobro what are you saying
Walking the streets of Lexington, VA and it starts snowing? And the sun is shining?
Send me 100 words about Guetta. Seriously.
Last night we picked up a Star Trek the Next Generation and Jurassic Park pinball machines.
Librarians are the only people who focus on failure when there is an opportunity.
#thatmomentwhen you smile because you are thinking about that one person, and they smile because they are seeing you smile<3
What are you doing to #motivate & #encourage yourself & affect the self-talk you have? #inspiration SeanLetwat
What would you do if you had a bad reader at an audition?
One last beer then home, good night good friends, dope industry ppl. :-)
Listening to Director Mary Jean Jakubowski at "Imagining Buffalo in the 21st Century" series - what is a library?
RT : If u can't 'give YOURSELF away', God CAN'T USE YOU..."I DIE, so that Christ may LIVE within ME..."
people that matters: aren't the people you meet; it's the people who actually stay in your life.
Recruiting for several #scanning / # indexing #clerks for a 1 month project in DC, please contact me for more information!
Pho for dinner (:
I hate how science is always making my smartphone hard to use. READ MY MIND!
Not even gonna text me back? Okay.
“: Memphis so ratchet haha WE TAKE WHAT WE WANT NIGGA!” <----- this nigga ! LMFAO !
I need help with my new Android phone. How do you view music files you've uploaded to your phone (other than connecting USB to PC)?
Laying in bed watching Jeepers Creepers
did you write for AIA in late 70's? Think you edited an article I wrote as #USC student. Good to see u doing well.
Love that devon is right down the street. M, french toast and #mimosa!
RT Thank you for your kind words! Excited to continue working together!
that's so cool! :) Niall stop tweeting I'm trying to pay attention in class haha.
Bloomington bound! Go Big Blue!!
Finally got my new phone everyone!! I will live after all
": ": SAT this mourning wish me #luck" let's go butta! We in there #letseat" hell yea butta and we need
Immigration Voice is attempting to promote legislation that would alter the laws
oh? very true. I'll see what I can do tmmw. and oh? I see u fav my pic that was meant for u :)
really? do u have that video link?
ok... so i feel like i have preety pictures but not exactly sexay ones! lol so imma work on gettin sum sexy shots with in the next month.
Adele <\3 Her Music Bores Me Sorry
Just downed my 6 meds. Fun Fun Fun! Sleep is inevitable soon, LOL! 'nite all...
Lakes ain't got enough for the clippers
Dude in front of me getting off plane has to personally shake the hands of all crew members before deplaning. Weirdo.
I need someone to talk to
Wouldn't be an issue if I had cable.
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally.
shout out to
How can we offset merchdsg sales - raise tix prices for those games - oh wait........
7 more days of #school left! Cannot Wait for summer! Excited for senior year.
Just came back from dinner with my dad. Excellent people and food, as usual.
A director for Catching Fire has been chosen. So excited to see who is picked for the cast!
True, but I did pick tall tales since I am creative. If I have to talk about myself...I clam up! Toastmasters will fix that!
S/O TO FOLLOW HIM
At the midnight premiere
This might be the worlds laziest twitter, 60 tweets in over 3 years?
“: Golden Retriever puppies are stupid stupid cute. Stupid. I can't handle it.”
testing today );
Working out like a maniac!!
gonna go watch porn and masturbate . jk im gonna go make some pizza and watch porn
i would say that's rude.
SO CLOSE
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list! Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
ugh work later today
Already?! You are awesome!
"She's so evil, and she's only in highschool" in jawbreaker.... so funny!
Almost done with this house, then off to my house to mow.
See you tonight! :-) RT I'll be there tomorrow : )
#dailyfeedback Guitar amp innovator, Jim Marshall died yesterday. Send the best loudest guitar driven rock songs. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm
Imy to where ya been hiding
you can say ima fast typer!! lol to type this lyrics fast lol
I'm also a sucker for a good infographic! Of course u can DM me. Cheers.
Go to Jackalope Lounj in Milwaukee to see :) Word on the street is he's handing out free hugs!
At the Citadel <3 (:
So I found out my cousin Thomas has the most goals in new York this year...
New job - Communications Manager Check the MAM newsletter for details or the CuyArts website
Tomorrow! Awake venue with APLT, Mask The Wretch, and many other great bands. Come!
well we can always go the zazzle route this weekend if we can't find a fit.
haha! Paul Newman? I like his fig newmans
why didn't they have al gore on there? didn't he invent internet?
Rise and Shine back to the grind it's Monday lol.
Wats up? Havent talked to you in a while..
Even if u have the plays it's nice to have them all in one package & it would make a great gift for a friends & fam!
RT. ": USA won the measure! USA is now 2-3 #onaroll #curling" //yay! Keep it going!
#ff witty, gorgeous and a breath if fresh air.
When can we walk?
"I'm too young to be serious"
WTF man. Hagadone comes in serving softballs, and Jeanmar gets absolutely screwed. What a waste of a great outing.
: me too! How many followers do you have?!
well deserved! Congratulations!
Any of my twitter friends own/operate a steadicam? Would love to chat with you if so.
you hush!
RT RT : #cool!.... Easter was great! "I WAS SO SLEEPY THIS MORNING"---> (Hoe yoyrs was...) lls! good morning ...
I know I'm not perfect, but you're pretty fucked up too.
Thanks, I did check it out!!
I'm not at all upset on what just happened . #strawberries?
Getting ready for the chicago
When you have a minute, shoot me a call please-
time to roll up
if that were me, I'd begin packing now
Oh okay then...
They can't all be Aaron Rodgers, now..... ;-)
Moments- One Direction
Wish a ni99a wood Like a Tree in this Bytch.. Real ni99a wasaa
*watching Key & Peele* / "check out this MadTV spinoff.. Kyle & Pete."
thanks, maybe I can bend one to work...could be a cool invention...saves $ too!
#ICanHonestlySay that my favorite sandwich at #Arbys is the
My son is eating a jalapeño-cheese bagel topped with Nutella.
Power rangers united! We all stand together. No matter how low the mountains nor how sticky the cactus or even how slippery the tacos! Nom
"wantonly annotated twenty years ago when I was a student, that I routinely underlined for approval details and images and metaphors that
Valentine's Day is coming up. Show your love for CU with your own "I heart CU" t-shirt. Hurry, quantities are limited....
Thanks! "Your Ex!"
yupperz im gonna try to make itban official fan page so he'll follow it then us.. maybe
I wish we could visit eachother. :( I'm so far away from everyone besides :(
RT Costs IRS 15 cents to process an electronically filed return. A paper filing? $3.50.
That was a great conference. Fired up and ready go.
Yall Sounding Real Fake With The Weaak Ass S/O 2 My lil Bro
Wish there was a quote I could use to sum my emotions at the moment
I hear 10-4!!! Let's connect late next week.
ellen i love you.. you're my idol... <33333333333333333333333333333333333
what you drinking on?
Sold out show with The Wombats at A&R Music Bar tonight! Hope to see you there!
i am integrating an ATS, but still have abt 50% emailing to get around "black hole" that wouldn't exist if they used the system.
Hi GRAM and GRAMPY
Finna Put Me And My Moma As My Avi..
I love the static in those pants, nice fashion expression indeed !
On it! RT : sadly, there is no Lysol in Ireland. You'll have to come pick me up in Cardiff...I hear there's a rift there.
Tom Barrett, other Democrats plan to canvass for votes, make phone calls across Wisconsin tonight
my eyes hurt so fricken bad
You know how it is BigFella...You either win or you loose. Crying about Bad beats isn't going to get you a discount. GL today!
Using hashtags used to seem retarded to me but since they are getting so common it is just like saying "lol". It's #normal now.
enjoy your time at the Bellagio!! life is rough!
Thanks, Jenn! How's the application/search/general finishing of degree stuff going?
Soccer in 90 degree weather was definitely a good idea. It was only the most I've played soccer in 3 or 4 years.
Sex is NICER than porn - you get that already?! (Grew Up Fast)
Man Overboard and MvC3. Talk to me.
hey so when you coming back
Yes, at some point we have to use mastery/competency levels to serve all students best interests.
Beary bear with my brother!!:)
I love emailing friends your advice column&having them reply,"You made my day!".
Ordered 2 giant menorahs for the malls in Atlanta! Spread the joy!
So not my day
no none of my uncles are teacherss loll:)
Natty light and mimosas on the beach. Good morning
We've officially won the contest to open for at their CD release show. Details to come. Thanks to everyone for your support
can't wait
No more bracess #wow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I think EVERYONE could use some encouragement now and then. I feel like I get so much, the least I could do is pay it forward. :)
Love it RT : Just biked to work for the first time. All extremities accounted for. GREAT SUCCESS.
Hope the #lakers go down....
Yucky poo. I hate the Vet!
It is what it is.
Haha. Okay :) goodnight :) Love you! <3
Just met w/a wonderful new friend on campus. Great start to the weekend, but I wish I could add more hrs to today. Deadlines coming soon.
Id jump infront of a train for you. Really you would? -blush- Nah i was just lying. :D:D lmao... ~Cough cough~ thats not funny ~Summer <3~
Bulls - Heat game is better than WWF wrestling!!
Wtf is up with Degrassi girls using hair washing as an excuse?
I left my job 3 weeks before my daughter was born (19 mos ago) to start my own firm. Does that count?
Logan Benish with a two-run double down the left field line on a 3-1 pitch pulls Mineral Point within 7-4. Pitching change for Fennimore.
Tuesday #Training Tip: Encourage your #sales team to learn from their peers. Consider setting up a "mentor" system for best results.
Let's move past "write what you know." Write what you want to see--it may take some work and research.
Can you please RT me for my 23rd birthday? :)
#IHate giving people the wrong impression
When in dout dance your way out <U+03A0><U+03A0><U+03A0><U+03A0> words of the wise
lucky guy. I'm sure he wants you too.
You've to been to NYC right?
Tired.....night
Up next on #carlsononthelaw Beaverton Mayor Denny Doyle on
Labor Day Brunch if being served Monday from 9AM-3PM.
cheers patty!
Mornting How's my TimeLine doing
Veep is such a good show.
I think tests, and homework are the most stupidest things ever invented. #myopinion -_-
#irallstars Q. I <3 talking to faculty, but I have 5000. What do I do? Royster: new faculty orientation is useful, physics profs' vitae.
tell her i miss her so much& love her!
OK peeps, Steelers or Packers??? There can be only one!
look around and wake up! Pretending were not it big trouble doesn't make the trouble go away
I think she has been living in London too long, picking up an accent.
I think it will be the same for CA! This ruling is a remarkable step in bringing our justice system closer to justice!
The #Duggars are going to have #20? Really? I can't wait for the episode when these kids want to wear jeans and drink beer (thanks, KK).
Cheers to Friday! No wait, cheers to everyday, and doing what you LOVE! ;)
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes. Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics next show!
Eating a burrito then going to a doctors appointment. That's the way you are supposed to do it, right?
Man, that track looks like crap, but hopefully they will b able to race. #nascar 40 laps to go......
Randy rogers you made me cry
Just finished written Ph.D exams.
I will pass it on, thank you!
Im Bored As Shit, make my phone ring!.
I hate seeing girls trying to get @ my boyfriend. -.-
haha well i did!
thought u was in Charlotte?
Now I feel ily <U+2665>
Nothing but horrible stories in the news.
Yay for bubbles!
this is randomly on Dakotas bornday thing, but u cant:( she said how bouy tomorrow
- Thank you for the motivation, Megan!
Sweet! RT : Join on Monday to kick off #AskaPro Week with a deep dive into the membership:...
Hoes Want Attention....Women Want Respect...!
#nwpam11 loving 's tip on searching specific sites via google.
im up too early:/
lol im not working tonight :p cleaning up the casa
Can I ask how you know all those people from "So Random!" ???
These dudes toe nails next to me at the nail salon look like claws wth. I have to stop staring
<---- Uses code language to signal blacks to riot if Zimmerman is acquitted. Says there will be "extreme pain' in the black community
damn right!
Felt a little weird giving up my Idaho drivers license, this afternoon. Weird, but good.
Awesome Job today a as always!
We had a great day at the Restaurant Show.
I'm lmao at that banana lol
It's a fake holiday...hurray!
lock your toilet seat
Happy Monday! Thanks to a hug from my husband and smiles from my little girl, it is going to to be a great day. Wishing you the same!
Drink! #Whitney reference
the ones that my friend has awwe they are adorable
Prim reminds me of you. It's like the author met you as a little girl and got inspired.
Ugh, outside Y U smell like barbecue! I shouldn't eat that...
#sadatforum Prof. Shibley Telhami moderates conversation on Egypt and Israel w/Zbigniew Brzezinski & Stephen Hadley
What the hell, #Caps?
that's okay, I could always just walk down the street where there are a thousand coffee shops, or just go into the kitchen and ...
yay! You keep telling me that! Lol
Hey! :D I'm bored, lmao. What about you?
We talk so abstractly about poetry, because we are all bad poets. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Hey guys! Dont forget tonight is the night for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class! be there 8:30!
Okay, I know it's still not St. Patricks Day but, umm.....Happy St. Patricks Day! :)
rack city b×tch rack rack city b×tch
says that Life without music, is like Spongebob without Patrick
Smoking Good BBQ just picked up another BBQ catering gig in Boise, summer is filling up fast, get your reservation now.
« This life dnt last forever. #liveitup»
And my job for the summer cookin bricks all in the kitchen
I'm a Denver native so I'm spoiled lol but Denver is Amazing! Snow storm one day and running in shorts the next LOL
I'm working at the hollister down here! Haha. Actually, I'm at work right now :P
6509 SUP reset in production last night, another parity error:
#thatcamp at #aha2012. Interesting discussion on What is Digital History.
Dang man don't even talk to me no more
Reality check: NCUC co-founder reminds #ICANN Whois Reveiw Team that whois data is about surveillance of users and not consumer protection.
mona said its cuz hanna was her only friend and spencer, aria and emily basically stole hanna from her. monas in a mental home.
great stuff!!
headed back to the Burgh, but had a very productive week at
Thanks for the suggestion!
“: So many DrawSomething requests, so little time!!!” that's life for the Kreks this week. Haha
Marijuana...cocaine...heroine.... That's boring.
One of my fav #quotes EVER! Speaks volumes to who I am... “Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever...”
How many wins you think it could cost the Saints next season?
tonight I have a dinner but will be out tomorrow night - Iets try to have wine. I'll DM you deets.
Crazy Crazy :-P
God Is On My Side When No One Else Is
Hey Ato, thanks for the follow. Hope all is well and your NFL draft guys did well this year. Maybe I'll see you in London.
Props to IL Gov Pat Quinn for riding the gree line to override the bad advice Joe Biden gave about bashing mass transit.
deliberately missing your point? Nah. This is the internet. Serious business. I'd never conduct myself like that..
6 free movie tickets at Arclight... me so happy!!
if I remember correctly, today is your big day? I remember thinking it was your golden birthday.
It is what it is, and it sure is what it is not! Thank you! More please!
gotta stop staying at his house . . i'm not tryna be a happy mother's day recipient
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY be now? <3 8
": WOW! “: Colts and Manning will part ways, per team sources #NFL32”"-to the jets?
BIG THANKS TO for the shout outs and the cross promotion!
You guys are the best <U+2665> Wanting to see you in concert soon <U+2665> .
ENKG STILL RUNNING!!! YESTERDAY'S GAIN 1200%
48fps... High def... 4k... Etc... Audiences are simply not use to it yet. Our grandkids will be, and they'll think 24fps is bad.
Who ARE you? Reveal yourself!
you are a sexy and talented woman with a natural ease and playfulness! It is always a joy to work with you!
Committee, city and donors are working to bring Christmas lights to downtown ... - Abilene Recorder Chronicle Committee, city and donors
And the site is derping again. Yay for inconvenient web hosting downtime.
Create an #email with 60% text and 40% graphics. Great advice from !
fingers crossed for some US shows. Seattle is only 2 hours south u kno...
Yeah man, one of the best in game ally-oops I've ever seen
Before cell phones, did people in this town just sit and stare into space all day? (sent via cell phone)
Headed to Myrtle Beach... this will be my first experience recruiting in the "Dirty South"....leggoo
Thanks for the retweet! I love reading these kid letters. Too cute.
Tina decker: employee engagement is so correlated with business performance, it can PREDICT metrics
So my sister's game got called because the other team threatened the ump? That's Penn Hills for you....
"So what if I'm jerking myself off?"
looking good on the national broadcast there mister.
OH on the livestream of #MayDay protests: "The revolution will not be televised!" "But you are being televised."
#WhenImBored I sleep :)
haha very funny Liam ;)
hahaha omg too funny! of course i forgot you were lightskinned! lmbo!
RT : Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~William James
thnx for following me
This line for free Rita's is of Biblical proportions!
About time that Zimmerman got arrested and charged... now hopefully justice will be served.
woke up before my alarm at 6am ... too excited to work on to sleep!
El rodeo
I love the feeling when i'm on the elevator and my Beats are so loud that eveyone starts bumping to my music lol
Remember, pain is inevitable, suffering is optional ~ Neale Donald Walsh
that's cool . If your ever coming back we shall have to do lunch or dinner.
Twitter said to be wary of your account sending DMs on its own. The only thing our account does on its own is give creepy back rubs
My father is ridiculous.
Nipple to nipple hugs. Where does dream up this radio gold?
Tammy baldwins so liberal that nancy pelosi has to turn to the left to talk to her - thompson
I'll come now - where u at
Hey hey DK! Keep filling out those Fall Floor Feedback Dorms! They really help. So far DKB1 has the most responses!
RT : Want a shout out from one of the Top 17? Tweet us who using #XFShoutOut and stay tuned to see if you're picked!
i hate when my pet unicorn is yelling at me for no apparent reason....just sayin :)
All good and Happy Friday!!
Night owls! What is up?! Let's talk!? :) how is everyone doing?
omfg that just ruined my day those were my favorite dudes
Fuck it keep his ass locked up ! , jp love yu lil bro!
Rusher challenge: Make a "Call Me Maybe" video of yourself to make feel better!
Ha! At this conversation with
great... Thats all that matters.
every morning i hav been wake up to love
Awe your so sweet
Brah, I just strained my big toe. May need surgery.
Winter term is nearly done, so I think I'm gonna start using Twitter again...!
its the perfect size for a Sunday Funday in Fed Hill! See you soon! #Fedhill #biga**cups
fuck it starting next week after school I'm swimming.
“: who does think she is not following nobody on instagram lol better follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
Ugly rumor has been quashed.
Everybody is lovong my song I wanna Go....
This is the second time I've had ice cream in my freezer...and I've lived in this apt. for 8 months. I will resist the siren song...
Which part of my body is your favorite? And why?
awh i'm sorry about that </3 are you better now?
#confession I want to start dating! I haven't dated in over 8 months too fuckin long!!!
why would you tell people you are a poker professional at the table?
PARTY FUCKIN' TIME!
you look like zac efron. Props :)
Thoughts on getting a cheap, used car for first car?
<3 RT : Now playing on #ASOT 11. feat. ft Keep Your Secrets ( Summer of Love Remix)
I will stand by my prediction that ND wins 9 games this yr and finishes ranked around 15
o' yes
Just being an observer there was enough for me. Though I did see the cutest larval human going home with mom and dad too.
Just finished Paul Alexander’s boffo bio of JD Salinger (now in paperback) Read who dumped JD to marry Charley Chaplin.
follow back?<U+E105>
“: For all that is good in this world, please don't friendzone this guy.” Hahahaha .. but all I have is a friend zone
Ain't nothing wrong with dreaming.
Omfg in starving , & I'm not even finish my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Thanks for following! Watch for our new video tomorrow!
Just got back from Disneyland. What's up with Bay Area weather? Isn't it almost summer?
Good Morning Everybody
I have a CoH account the global is Witty Librarian, I'm usually on Champion server but I have alts everywhere.
5pm Friday and I'm at the eye doctor. What was I thinking when I scheduled this? The plus side is that my eye doc is awesome.
My bad 7-0. This is third Baseball game selection we had this year, that our team has won by 7 or more runs, and this is just the first week
I crashed out when I got home... I thought I could hang lol
how was your day ?(:
Great weather for today's Badger football game! Who do they play? GO BUCKY!
WHAT THE HELL DOES 'DROP THE BALL MEAN'? THE HEAALL
I was listening to pandora while I was getting dress && they busted out w/ billie jean lol !
Your coffee is hot when you would rather spit it all over your lap and gym clothes.
We've lost our one of those weird plastic things that put labels on CDs. You know those things? with springs inside? Ours is gone.
umm actually i dont... but thank you:)
I want to know if you can see beauty, even when it's not pretty every day, and if you can source your own life from its presence. -- Oriah
“ RT STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!”
glad you agree, are we gunna roll Sunday or just eel out a win?
nobody tweets me or notices me famous or not :/ I'm a loner
Did you know that an alpha level of .05 in a research study indicates that the results obtained could only occur 1 in 20 times by chance?
how come the #turnerclassicmovies channel can run w/o commercials? what do they know that all of the other channels out there don't?
My neighbors are all guys & they come out whenever I smoke bowls on my balcony <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> hello my fellow smokesmen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>
Okay, cool
The block is hot!!
i think i'm ready.
Great to see w/ a bogey-free 7-under (65) to take the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captures everyone's interest. -Paul J. Meyer
On the Super Shuttle to the Vinoy! Chatty driver.
": its all good boo. The food here is pretty tasty! how's your lunch?" Lucky for one of us. Im not too impressed
Whatever is blooming right now? I hate it. I hate it a lot.
": Holy temperature change Batman! I was cold in my coat at lunch and now it's 73°!" Made for a great night run!
#WhenAustin posted the first video on Shoot Us Down.
is brought to you by #TheNewWave net or phone.
I've been down this road...
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for US Olympic glory
that's a more positive way to say it.....
Sittin up playing the #PS3 for now.
UH i think the whole of england is here in the US .....now i just need some up in here
You know you're in #Texas when: there are cows -- 'scuse me, steer -- across from the hotel/office park.
thanks so much! glad you like it!! :)
"Failing does not make you a failure," says Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
My travels have taken me through TN, MS, KY, GA and WV. Anthony Bourdain couldn't have done it better. Headed home
u have inspired alot of music
RT : balling' bowler-ina grrls bringing it down for abortion access!
I've been ROCKING on your tunes the whole week <3
your welcome :)
#10FactsAboutMe 8) I love dancing w/ ladies that know how to dance or can follow.If you have no rhythm, I'll make up an excuse not to dance.
false, starwars battlefront
Looks like #OccupyCville is supporting today--Madison hall, noon.
The Atman in you is the same as the supreme all-pervading Reality.
macaroons are delicious. Super jealous you are in paris
airport locating troubles?
Brian Clay is at the coffee shop I'm at! Score!!!!
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel
Here, I'm beaming you and extra couple stars **
thank you!
RT : If each person were to reuse a paper shopping bag for just one trip to the store, we could save almost 60,000 trees....
Hope you guys have a great weekend! See you on Monday!
Can't wait til y'all see this! ;)
oh! Very nice!
is all that and a bag of chips lmao!
Ow! Sounds painful all the same!
Happy National Nurses Week! Do you have a nurse you want to thank? American Nurses Association
Should sex offenders have Toddlers & Tiaras blocked from there cable?
“: "I love you back."—President Obama” oh my gosh!!!! THE PREZ JUST TWEETED ME!
Woohoo! Rose Bowl/BCS NC or bust! #barkley4heisman ": Merry Christmas to the Trojan Family! Santa Barkley says, 'Fight on!'"
Someone sprayed on way too much drakkar or jean Paul
you can only put it once in every post just do that and we can keep trying
Obama vs Cain?
Searching for the perfect dress to wear to the Miss International Pageant in July!! Any suggestions? : )
this fucking door.
Worst day I've had in a while. Still got so much to be thankful for though.
Thanks! A great milestone. Next up: web sales!
I was a cold dude, I'm gettin back to my ways
ALARM SET: 6.5 hours until the 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY show of on the Habs Go 2011!
Sorry to read about your sister. Safe travels.
Murray - faster WorldCat growth in licensed and digital than bibliographic records
Marb reds with and
guess program coulda existed without Belafonte, but it does remind that we never fully know what our actions will generate.
#TILTS2011 Chris Ortiz y Prentice: Ray Muzyka, founder and CEO of Bioware calls Mass Effect "Third Person authored experience"
lol well said it was so...;)
Packers 35, Bears 17 #Packers-#Bears final?
RT June luncheon is giving me the inside scoop on Google!
Had Pakistani last night at Mirsch Masala. Really good stuff. Best kheer I've ever had. V. attentive service--we were only table.
Planning to go grab lunch at Phoenicia for lunch today. Anyone want to join me?
When your hungry , but your to lazy to make food <U+E404>
Just went past 50 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
Next weekend at this time... Pearl Jam will be about to take the stage!!!! Can't frickin' wait!!!
Good show tonight Great crowd, let's see if the "Working Man" shows up? Come show us.some love!
agreed. Sorry, was not too helpful!
Aw man, that's so far away ;<
Words of the Father to Jeremiah, "Before I formed you in your mother's belly I knew you." Destiny is an innate characteristic! Live it out!
Good luck. Study well.
GR/G calls a timeout with 2:29 remaining and still down a goal. Should be an exciting finish!
Proud to work at Dell RT 28 yrs ago w/$1000, instead of studying for finals my fresh year at the Univ of Texas, I started Dell.
Hey Zoe! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
missing my kids gotta say thats the worst feeling in the world
When giving your all to a person isn't good enough, then throw your hands up and say "fuck it, at least I tried" ...Then Keep it moving
You are too sweet!!! Thank you! So glad to meet you too.
He had no idea how to use it. I had to help him out.
Cute as hell, but doesn't speak english. damn.
Welcome To New York is the anwer New Yorkers give for everything....wow what a welcome
Mary Mack as in Mary Mack marry me?
Success is a game. The more you play the more you win. The more you win the more successfully you can play the game!!!
The friendship between copper and tod in the fox and the hound
This year, for the Holidays, try to forgive someone.
My dream is that someday you'll get in there.
This used to be a funhouse. Now it's full of evil clowns.
Shit Now I follow U So We Can Keep In Touch
Some great feedback to kick off our week: User #1: They actually make you feel that the feedback you’re providing is useful and helpful!
Started at 65lbs of fat, now at 58 and have lost 13 lbs overall since the Superbowl. Still want to lose 40 lbs overall.
Fun game day. I survived 8 days in a lifeboat, beat everyone up in a kung fu brawl, got the most apples, and created the best pirate movie.
The childrens show: Coloring Outside The Lines on Saturday 12/10 has been cancelled. More information about its return coming soon.
hot bubble bath and I will be his personal loofah! ;)
Canada has its own thanksgiving and football league, they should take their band back too.
"Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else."
wish I could help with that...;)
The guy in front of me buying a membership makes me really appreciate my cool ass friends. What a douche.
Hi Oprah! I wrote a pilot with OWN in mind. Would you BE interested in reading it?
I haven't tried your product yet but would love to check it out for
Critics are out in force against new final cut pro X. I want to try it out & see 4 my self. #FCP7 is old but works.
Random guy in the deli asked if I had a child.
we need to get us one of those at #unicornplanet cc:
Our company--- www.apinsights.info will be offer video service for anyone in the Phoenix Area... very reasonable prices...
Just found out are coming back to DC on 6/1. Just bought my tix. Who's coming with me?
Lantern lights are pweetty
So gone off this alch..
Im done with april fools.... rlly a HERO?!? i guess u guys nvr met a firefighter or doctors or any1 who risk there lives for us evryday!!
I'm awake. Woof.
Don't know wth they doin at Southwest
Seriously people being immature is not attractive...it isn't.
use overnight prints... Save yourself about 70percent! Very good quality
Good morning! Start your day off with a Tampico smoothie! :)
iwas on the bus leave .... drooling smh
wel my guy is gone!!!!! screw him!!!!!he don't love me! love hurts! love is a pain in my A$$! sorry if i have affended any of you!
DHC was founded in 1996 on a bar napkin
Lol I still don't believe you're old. :p Old is like senior. Oh no, the other night when I missed work. I'm nice & healthy :)
You take care of yourself too my friend. Hope all is good your way! Stay warm! :)
Perfect start to the weekend reading-new issue of
It's a BOGO Thursday! Buy One Slice of Dark Mousse Cake and Get a Second One FREE! Just let us know you saw it on Twitter!
that ain't right, skip.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.-Mark Twain
I may not get everything I want but I know when I set my mind to it I can reach any goal I want.
That Robinson guy is a total douche.
Great Family Day watching SU football dominate and visiting with my absolutely awesome son! love you!
Does James Bond 007 count? Flemming?
lets make a toast! It only has 160 calories! !! Who:-)
really hates when someone tells you one thing, then treats you completely differently
Vinnie Pestano has a ton of movement on his fastball.
that was an awesome first album purchase. Miss MJ so much...
Pulitzer Prize board now accepting online nominations. Welcome to the 21st century.
Just submitted audition for a feature film....
#dawkins at uw: if cheetah & gazelle equally "designed" - whose side is designer on?? << LOL (via )
What do you listen to when you need to get your blood pumping? I'm currently rocking "Havoc". Can't beat metal with bagpipes!
Drake ft. Lil Wayne- HYFR . on repeat. (;
Whoever finds the secret skrillex show first wins
Everybody want to make money, it’s perhaps the best money-making opportunity of any kind, for the least time investment required
This guy said he would trade me an 85 toyota supra and a 85 944 porsche for my EK. should I do it?
Challenge accepted! :-)
I JUST WANNA LAY IN MY BED!
Fisheries workers anxious about relocation news
"Nobody satisfies me." - Ron Paul. Can't wait to see the videos that come from THAT gem of a soundbite.
the best. RT : “Even when I'm old and grey, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.” - Michael Jordan
"just let me lay here in the sun...until my dream is done..."
If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else. –Yogi Berra Plan to make your day a success!
WATEVR, RT“: i was on the phone with jacob. x)”
Yes. 2 copies.
Poor Tim Tebow... somebody get that man a Burrito...
Death leaves a hrtache no 1 can heal, love leaves a memory no 1 can steal. You'll cont 2b d STAR he always knew U ARE!!!
its reb lobster time with
You should just list the teams that you don't need bloggers for.
Follow us on facebook for more upcoming events in Las Vegas
I'm up early(:
howard Putnam - When egos and excessive growth prevail, even the best organizations will fail
I hit u up today
Wow. Join you in praying for family and friends. So weird that his profile is still posting.
You should see it! It's awesome.
Thanks for the s/o!
Oh yeah? You wanna step out of the giant robot and say that again?
"turn up" means load ur body with substances. I will be watching ur game. Sober. I hope that u r sober..
finished the book Lost Children... sad to read how children were used as pawns, "spoils of war," and treated as property following wars.
soon it will be Yahoo?
Can't wait!
Summer is SO BORING
I agree with that many lefties to face. And an 0-2 curve ball to Wieters with a runner on 3rd. I blame Melvin.
I can forgive myself for what I have done wrong, what I have done badly and what I think I could have done better.
We fight over stupid things but at the end of the day, we know we love eachother <3
Dubuque I full of bars and churches lol
Should call her but she probably occupied.???
We are closed in the evening but you can always come in and grab some food to go!
Thanking God right this moment for sending that miracle to me this afternoon. :)
thank you :)
Also on facebook at Grave site care
Change your SUI rates before you run the first payroll of 2011! Nevada annual cap has gone down $400 but many employer rates are up!
Are we all suppose to be dumb enough to overlook that or not realize it's a plant. My 1st thought, "Who paid her?"
This is the only one that I can remember, but it's a lot of wordplay when it's not general silliness.
": DITTO RT: what do you know that others don't about social media?
so greenish=D and so beautiful
is being extra emo today and has turned my twitter front page into a very dark place.
Florida is shooting 70%..... From three point range!!!!!!
Who fkn cares! BE YOU! Simple as that. Everyone knows being someone you're not is just a life with only lies. Don't be that fake person..
wheeeeee! my wine arrived today. tonight shall be tasty!
What I use my phone for : texting, talking and pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkwards situations.
I<U+FFFD>m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you<U+FFFD>re not in this world to live up to mine.
its normal. Some of us just feel responsible for the survival of our species, but were all lesbians
I'm sls as I look at ALL my pics *now postin
i hope doing doing ok Renee please stay strong i love you
Alpaca Mexico, what? FloRida SMASH.
Rev Al Sharpton Know in his Own Religious Book. the Bible Lev. 20:13 man lay with man, woman lay with woman says it a Abomination!
wishing your computer the best! how is it feeling today
“: I wanna shoot a music video this week”
2nite, will hold a public hearing at 6pm to hear from the new 2012 charter applicants. Mtg at Rosario PCS 1100 Harvard Street, NW
Lololol , You dig everything x) !
o wow I'm about to see what they are saying online.
Thanks Andrea! made me look GOOD.
Scott Walker for President
No Lie!
Obligatory DONE with year 2 of 5 Ph.D. school years tweet!
A FANCY communion!
Great show Madonna
haha, working on it!
when do the picks come out?
#frozenchosen, official church member (:
#NewDirections win #Nationals!!!!! Life is good!!!!!!!
is the best.
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS Call 1-888-Your-momm
i love you ,you is my life
Thanks - We're excited to continue delivering for our clients and continue our growth!
Lol good luck to him in getting a contract extension. He's hurting himself by acting like a douche.
Thanks & you too!
Where were you when my walls came falling down?
so much fun today....... and im tired lol
Chocolate milk rules.
Tonight: 2 rounds of LA trivia! 4PM , 7PM in Boyle Heights. A shuttle bus leaves Westwood :45PM to BH, then back :45.
I didn't know was tatted up. Sick ink fam.
“: Good luck to my homie on his 1st marathon today! #OwnChicago” - love.
I love that place and I love your photography. What a perfect collaboration.
Ugh! Now you're freaking me out.
You know it brother!
How hard is it to make sure a plane is a flight worthy before boarding? Peeps be flying for 100+ years now!
sounds like an eternity! Good luck :)
Ya known sometimes some people are just to cool to text you back, #GoPlankInTraffic ....yes im bringing that shit back up.
It was nice meeting you tonight. Thanks for the autograph!
Need to make a list of new goals for my academic future, brutally realistic goals, goals that dont require a massive retirement of tenureds.
excellent preso on wealth management. Not enough athletes understand where they matter, & how to maintain their brand's investments
how drunk were you?
He didn't *grin* the Xbox copy is for the Clan Leader bwahhhaaaa
You probably referring to "Inside the Circle" or "Planet B-Boy". They both came out last year.
Thanks..I am in love with
Kaha signed with Agency Models today!! Congratulations!!!!!!!
Calling all friends/fans ... Can u help me get views on this video 2 help raise money 4 orphan children? Deadline 4/1
Austin was giving a concert,he couldn't stop thinking about you. so he took a plane back to you and said "I die without you, come with me"<3
Who needs publishers? Double Fine's kickstarter project got funded within half a day!
oh, taco tuesday. you win.
haha it's the only sport I like where my team wins sometimes.
cannot believe the number of peeps gunning hard for the #RedBull perk.
“: Can not wait for Vegas in 3 weeks n get the Fuk up outta here” get out
who is that girl by you???
Congratulations! Well deserved.Great read.
don't remember exact dates. i know it will be a saturday-wednesday. i can find out tomorrow. :)
I do get down on some love crimes
" One Life Not Wasted"
you a trill nigga put ya mutha fuckin hands up
asdfghjklkjhgvcxzxcbnmjkiuytrewertyujhnbv,i hate my life.I just wanna go to arlington.omg.ugggghhh
i didn't realize you are here - hope you are having a great time!
He has great music ->
Join me in contacting our representatives to oppose #SOPA and
cleveland fans are #Haters LOL
It's easy. You post stuff, I make fun of you.
": If there's any question as to why my playoff beard is filled with gray: the #NJDevils."mines from bryz
I am searching for more #Salsa dancers to follow. Any recommendations?
I just hated washing all those damn dishes
Oh snap, #audition was cancelled! Change of plans today.
26 Also a son was born to Seth, and he called his name Enos; then men began to examine the nature of Jehovah.
I really wish I had 2 dimples
Hey Twitter follow my sister
People change. Memories don't.
thx I'm good just been working hella hrs
sweet! we only need it for a few hours to pick up a grill. Then I cook meat and watch game of thrones!
Help! What's a "tall" Starbucks cost in your nabe? In Times Square it's $1.85 w tax, $2.01 w/o. Cheaper in Brooklyn, NY suburbs.
good woman! :)
I'm usually not a fan of those sites, often have too much parallax and feels choppy. But this one has a nice balance.
Beyonce - Dance For You
": SPOTTED: Josh Beckett sneaking out of Fenway Park carrying a golf bag."< With a 6-pack of Bud and a bucket of popeye's chicken
#aintnothingsexyabout men wearing their pants off they ass especially if its skinny jeans.
I remember you! :)
blahh I may know otherwise
please follow me nick:)
I've had my eye on them for awhile. So I have two choices...get a pair of shoes that match the dress I have or new both. :-/
Awesome job...blown away with the customer service, now where to stay for 5 stays to get my status back...THANKS!
At the top of the show will be all Bobby Arkansas got exactly what they deserve
At least half of the men I know act like they need a cigarette after they watch a showy lightning storm.
#RT ": My twitter.......so i say what the fuck i want lol"
I dare you to click my follow button! :)
my fav part of the day
Just this side of the event horizon. :-) RT : where are you??
Great! We will take a look.
Good night Mike.
Did we really just "HA" at this? RT : wooWOOF How did the dog make gold soup? A. He put in 24 carrots.
RT : Anyone know a site to watch the game online!? You ask with 2 min left....
thanks for the suggestion! We'll keep it in mind for next #musicmonday!
met the German scholars
Going to walmart, at midnight tonight!!!!!!!! Cuz tomorrows the 13th(: Awesome Job justin (:
I keep up with u 2 Inside Edition n be careful n the ur SUV the 210 drops the local Resident Vine Hollywood Arclight
And its your baby
Gotta stop thinking everyone on my run has some evil plan to try & hurt me. Too much
I just wanna sleep!!
Wash St gets Leach, Nogales University gets Rich-Rod, ASU gets Dennis Ericson with no rings and a higher salary (June Jones)
does anyone take this guy seriously? I can tell from all the way over here that's complete bullshit.
One of Rodriguez's best!
I may sound freaken desperate but I want a bf already haha.
That's awesome! Mandolin is SO much fun! There's a bunch of lesson tutorials on Youtube too that you can check out too.
#tweetyourweight 174.0 - Owwww. My knee's so swollen today I feel like
troy! my tweets are invisible to you ! :'c
Its a Cat Stevens lunch kind of day.
Cry-baby-hattan.
I got leggings for my outfit tomorrow so I don't have to shave my legs
Shout-out to our guys who played in the All-American Championship this weekend in NOLA. Tune into ESPNU now to watch the games.
Johnnys in the basement mixing up the medicine. Im on the pavement thinking about the government.
just started following , this is going to be fun
we are about to send you the info in a direct message. Congrats, Jay!
I totally thought you were referring to rigging a few tweets ago! "tied it" "tie it up"
Um.....how am I spelling THAT??? lol
Great win tonight! Fmr season tix holder, just moved to nyc. My last game was LeQuit in the playoffs. First/only game I left early.
FML I have nothing to drink for lunch now <U+E403>
On this weeks #Veep, the president is worried about what the VP will say on Meet The Press, surely that never happens in real life.
Sugar Shane looks like Manny Fresh!!!!! Lol
lmao. That's a good one!
thanks so much! glad you liked it!
Greene County Sheriff Winner: Steven Smith
Who's ready for summer? Ik I am
On St. Charles Ave in NOLA, waiting on the Mardi Gras parade to start! :D
I think you do a good job integrating it. Sexposition, to me, is about noticing, not taking for granted 1/2
Could u do some flyers for me Friday??
yay! U should write a post!
Can the Chinese government "pirate" you plans for censorship inside the US or will you sue them as well? #sopa #mpaa<3chinesefirewall
all i do is listen booboo
Nowak: We've been honest from the beginning about this with Danny.
Pets need love on this day also, be nice to a precious animal today.
See ya next time Vegas. It's been fun.
We're not going over there and I made the plans and we said you brain and amber you are invited bbygurl
Knuckleheads TONIGHT !!!
wah 'happen your champagne bottle?
The sophisticated analysis of the contest has begun...analyzing...analyzing...
hey, check us out! we're new to vegas. You can download our new cd for free once you find out how much you like it :]
dude searching for road beef
Kim Kardashian is reportedly thinking about running for MAYOR of Glendale, CA. I'm now convinced we live in an alternate universe.
Aw, Ive Been Praying For You <3 Why Wont They Just Listen To You?
oh I through u was wat do you do lol
Baby my cash money! LOL
haha. Last energy drink I had was Red Bull about 8 years ago...
Now I remember why I deleted last time, I never use twitter!
Daily (SSRC): Libs fill gap between low home bband adoption and high demand + provide training/support. tinyurl.com/23amdbf
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
I need it...its my medicine....
i love following you but i cant understand japanese
4 words: Secret Service - Advanced Interrogation
I don't know where you going, but get yourself back ho-O-ome!!
studying at Mckinley Library, just discovered "bouncy ball." Hm... I'm one video camera away from "bouncy ball meets library"
The shit that entertains me always leave me hanging
I've done enough soldering. Were using assembly.
I'm so optimistic that you'll return to Seattle to be on our #hackingedu TV show, that I'm already writing your intro script....
RT It's time I took this exercise thing more serious, let the healthy diet begin.
About to order some breakfast....
Fuck needing saving I'm saving myself and fuck a a man I got myself
Very excited to hear from (of & Board of Directors) at
That's why Obama is having problems w/Israel. Run by right-wing answer to George W. Bush. They want war. Can't get thru to them.
please meet my friend , a musician and dancer. She is new to twitter but was on
#TimTebow this... Tim Tebow that... #ImSickOfIt #AaronRodgers is the best QB in football right now, definitely not him.
i would take that as a compliment... buy a leather jacket
I know!
“: Do I have a V.I.P. seat at Isiah Carey Day?? I will bring the Pringles.” He got the fever for da flava!
Only six more Mondays in the school year
yeah m always suck nd i knew it :P
I hate when you pin something on Pinterest before you realize the caption is really lame
Technically, he was detained and the police don't plan on charging him with anything.
bro u need to come to my lab sometime
When they say you dont know what you have till its gone. Its hella ture
A4: I find those terms very dangerous in my work. It makes true alcoholics think that they can just cut back and control
Ugh! fell asleep, I'm not even tired, what the hell am I gonna do?!!
Did you order online?
not feeling good, like always... doctors next week hopefully.
Hee! My library is no fun. We only have call numbers on our signs.
Things get worse before they get better. Good day today. Thank you <3
no way!
I never stopped believing
It's such a beautiful day outside Chicago. Hope you're showing your mom's some love.
Thanks for the congrats and sharing the news via PRSA. Look forward to seeing you at next month's meeting!
Thanks guys! Hope you have a great weekend!
Just relax. Every little thing..is gonna be alright <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> lol! Good luck on AP Spanish tomorrow :)
yes I was tweeting from the elevator I was stuck in for 40 mins or so! Ugh
Join the Washington Wizards for a scrimmage and fan appreciation day this Saturday at the Verizon Center 6 PM
Breaks are always too short!!
Is Beyonce pregnant!? I think so that was a hint when she performed ayyee
Husband Shoots and Kills Son and Sister-In-Laws for Feeding His Cancer-Stricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange -
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic featured in Texas Two Groove Music Blog!
I'm extremely jealous and you better be taking lots of photos. How are you feeling?
Earl Ray Tomblin, candidate of #manwhokilledosama ?
"A storm is coming." ... from the ending of The Terminator :)
Hey I just tweeted you, And this is crazy, But here's some cake, So eat it maybe? (:
LeBron doing a very good job on Danny Granger...
goodbye dingO
Its rough to work so hard and toward something and nothing comes from it its like pastor troy said Im running forr nothin
I want to be a professional twitterer, anybody hiring? VP of Tweets? Anybody?
Normal art liberates the emotions. Fine art liberates the spirit. -- S.H. Sharpe
The Rays have officially ran out of gas.
Oh yes. No release date planned just yet, but it is underway.
5 minutes into an interview call and you think .. this dude is awesome! How often does that happen?
Kaya Henderson, Chancellor of DCPS, is now up for the budget testimony
This lady I this train STANK so damn bad..!!!!! I should tell her... Or is that rude?
Had a good day after all. Thank u friends. Good night
My Producer RickDean Has a Buffett song I wrote Angel of Mercy If your looking for an IT song give me a shout I will get it 2U
I love you buddy even if mean doesn't
“: Those random moods when you just want to kill everyone for no apparent reason.” feelin like this today.
You will "act like" the sort of person you conceive yourself to be -Maxwell Maltz
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Thank you to all of our great staff members who make us look good!
i'll be just getting home from vacation but if i'm still kickin' i'm down - let me know where!
let's see if it was really scary as the the directors said or boring, waste of money as people said
RT : I just want to say that is what I aspire to be.
Can it just be April 19th already??
Kids hand swallowed by a vending machine. Ouch.
Lol. How's GH treating you?
omg.Why me?
hope all gets on a better track greg,,
Let's go boys one quarter left!
"Is this how to be a pussy 101?" "You might as well take notes."
“: I'm tired of a lot of stuff in the world, I'm moving to the moon when I turn 18.”Ain't No Stores There
Crank rocking out tonight 10pm. Check it out!
cleveland is fun. Love seeing the Steelers Kick the Browns ass. never been to indy
you gotta get my sister to think like that ;)
Juss drama bs and heartbreak )):
'The wind keeps telling us something / we want to pass on to the world: / Even far things are real.' - William Stafford.
I think it will be a great conference but I just couldn't justify the cost of attending. I assume you are there?
The pupil is the point in which light enters the eye and results in the mind conjuring an image.
Three Weeks & still no word frm interviewee on corp approval 4 coms re #USCricket. 1 week was word. Now no answer 2 e-mails
I googled how to hard boil eggs. Lol. I so don't cook.
Why am I jus now laying down to sleep at 606am? Because its only 3am in #VEGASBABY & #TATI was having a blast! ...hope 2 b up by noon. Lol
Believes should do an exhibit on beards of history, especially since they have a piece of the Sphinx's beard!
I just want you & that's all I need
I'll kick you square in the taco. :)
"Ladies and Gentlemen" Welcome to New London Clothing Co.
Yes, I was reading ur mind. :-)
Bard can't find the strike zone at all!
Y'all lowkey old though. damn
That is my preference as well but I hate missing class and idk if id be able to get myself up
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
exactly. There is a story behind it. The history, the journey of Polivia...
Don't get me wrong, I love it when it rains. I just hate when it hails, rains & thunders.
Saturday school tomorrow.. Fuck gotta go to bed. /:
i can understand...ugh..lol..
Thanks for the follow :) miss you!
We've got your new training partner: The Forerunner 910XT provides GPS-enabled metrics for swim, running and cycling all in one!
Much more confident feeling in Boston this year before Game 7 of 1st round. What a difference a year makes.
im lost?
Thanks! It really does feel great!
because I like good music
weight wise or calories?.
'll be interviewed by Guy Raz on NPR's Weekend All Things Considered this Saturday, at 5pm! Wow. Kind of nervous.
thanks for the retweet!
Eat simply! Recipes r cool, but the more complicated & time consuming, the more likely you'll hit fast food!
#FF Follow these awesome people!
Why is it inevitable for me to avoid spilling coffee on some part of my body, always?
Another announcement tomorrow at 7am - stay tuned!
Love the video Chimney, this better become a series :D
hey omg i love your music so much no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke. =)
Enjoy your dinner!! :D RT : were at monicals now.
What is your favorite FB contest? Would like to get some more ideas! DM me Thanks!
wait, that's not irony.
to tell you the truth, i dont remember ma lol, jus makin small talk, how ya day goin for you
Check with your local stores that carry costumes early to ensure you are able to get your costume
glass cloud. Fuck yes.
Ah, Google+ no longer invitation-only. Thus the blue arrow. But it's a Netflix-level promotional err for those who already have it.
#MentionYourCrush don't really have one anymore :/
people reading a book at coffee at the only table with an outlet.
Great meeting you, too!
#rbs11 uses evocative phrases for digital glunk hiding on your hard drives, such as: “Space junk” or “Fossilized fragments.”
#nowplaying At least have some breakfast first!
Hi Damon grant applications usually begin in the fall. Keep an eye on the website and/or email us directly for more info.
anythings better than a butter knife I suppose...
#MentionYourCrush ;) He is my best friend !!
Women's Dream Fleece V-neck Sleep Top - Love it!!
What's your favorite dessert? Rocky road ice cream? Double chocolate Marble cheesecake? We want to know!
Q: What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk? A: A milk dud!
": mirror on the wall" what's the best club of them all??
Three Floyds Brewing Gumballhead is on tap for a limited time! Get it while it's get-able!
Sherry Hodges, What is Triple C???
as we go on, we remember all the times we spent together. and as our lives change, from whatever. we will still be friends forever. <3
Outside-_____-Brick City
RSVPs for Ignite Charlotte 3 start on August 13.
Grateful for extremely good friends who help me get through rough patches.
Hi Nicole! Hope all is well & blessed with you & your family :)
Some people just expect way too much from others...
Why is mac miller so hot?!
wishes I got the style channel in my room!
Haha!! Love the Brady Bunch example :) Thank u!
Come to our show this Thursday at Soma in San Diego! Show starts at 6:30pm! We play first so get there early!!!
I will fill ya in on the details when the time comes. Hopefully makes it up. and tony are comin
Tomorrow is our #GrabNGo special, a beautiful hand-tied bouquet for only $14.99. How can you beat that?!
Disappointed I couldn't even move beyond wifi, let alone Powerpoint. And here I was all set to try live tweeting.
": #Libra's invented romance." Hellyeah.
": at least I'm not taking selfies in a restaurant #addictedtoyourself" i love myself more than you
JANE CURTAIN WHY
hay boo
And then contact us when you're ready to take your art fair, museum or gallery mobile!
X Factor! Watch Melanie win!
Bitch's ainthit but hoes and tricks!
I can't wait to watch Desperate Housewives after work. I swear if anyone interrupts me, I will chop their heads off.
For today try to win the war not the battle
hello and a good #FollowFriday to you.
Thank you and for Tweeting the word about our picnic today!
I'm taking this really hard....please help me thorugh this. :'( R.I.P Jameel
Have developed a recent affinity for black nail polish. Not wholly convinced it's nostalgia.
Sewing in artifact numbers into textiles makes me regret I did so poorly in that much-hated sewing class in 8th grade.
Events are important. Look your best with a great white smile. Call us today for a teeth whitening treatment before your event.
you poor thing!!
went to 1st period on senior skip day 2 load up all the stuff for prom. There has been a tremendous amount of weight lifted off my shoulders
yes that's what I've heard! I will def have to get some :)
Hating my life what's The purpose of my tribulations
Yes. Yes, they would. I'm sorry.
Will ever follow me? Nope, didn't think so.
#Austin now you can Ask a latino any question you were never drunk enough to ask us. I will give you a honest reply. Need followers too.
I can't KEEP UP under warning here. Daugher n Bowling Green KY (warren co) Step kid TN. FAM n Indiana
FUCK!!! I HATE the Kings! I hope the Rangers crush them in the SCF.
Our boys released thier album today on iTunes. Make sure to purchase it. Find them on out top.
I wonder how much $$$ does Memphis in may makes?? #No one probably knows.
I bought your sandlot shoes for my Dad as a b-day present. He was thrilled!!
No. Tomorrow's our best shot: record high is just 86! RT : either of those records?
Night! Love you too! <3
So there's this guy, & the way he smiles makes me smile. His voice makes my heart skip a beat. When I see him, I get butterflies. <3
his teeth. all white and straight.
Bout to call it a nite, saw the Avengers with , pretty good movie
haiku: two men in soccer / jerseys carry dominos / pizza through the park
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
Extended Warranties for New and Used Cars in Emerging Global Markets
met a few great people at the event tonight. well done and many others. thank you!
The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago. The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago. The #MLA14 convention is in Chicago.
If youre talking about what I think you are its no big deal some dudes just cant take a loss in COD lol
of course you would.
why don't you fuck off, spammer!! Get a fucking life.
deering has access to twitter? fuck.. ill stop tweeting about cocaine alcohol sex and the horrible teachers
Barton may represent the last batter for Matt Moore as he approaches 100 pitches.
Happy Halloween! Big plans tonight?
"If Cubs had won it all." I kid.
Yes, that seems obvious to us right.
Hate headaches
thank you
should have partied in Muncie!!
I'm mad I never got with
Nice day at Straits yesterday. Hopefully they get a round in today. Pulling for Jerry and S trick
I been tryna reach u im bout to start this new chapter of the team called #BOSSLADYPIMPS i need you to be on board! >@ me
Things are beautiful if you love them
CC is looking healthy and ready to rumble! Love it!
Hey lady, who do you think is going to pull it off today?
follow -----> ------> Easy instant follow back to help build your twitter base
fuck you and your homework :)))))
yep that's what happens when you move to FL young! Been here 20 yrs and just fell in love with the Gators! :)
Him: "Not my fault you reversed PMS!" Her: "Reverse PMS?" Him: "Yeah! Unlike a normal woman, you're cranky 28-days out of the month!".
Maybe what happened wasn't meant to be... I just don't want to lose the friends I made. I don't wanna be more alone.
Dope Sold Out Show last night S/O Torris Brown DJ Lacie and my Fabulous Hunnys
Practice is gonna be so boring with out sergio /:
Great morning! I'm not feeling well but I am still here! You are 2! No excuses so let's GO people!!
Drinkin some coffee.. Headed out, got a busy day ahead of me.....
just sent in my online audition to the #xfactor... LOL i just want to audition for Brit and then my life would be set, tbh.
listened to some. he takes nostalgia to new levels. great blog btw.
Looking at the past with judgement and regret we don't see it as our teacher, which instead gives us our wisdom and knowledge for the future
My entire house is clean & organized but I've run out of room for clothes in my closet AND dresser! Oh noes!
Thank you to everyone that joined Thrive Lunch today. Now where to next week? Any thoughts?
iStatus and I may have a beautiful relationship coming up...
May lodging in Hub most expensive in nation
Black and blue throw down!
To properly celebrate fashion, is closing its doors to the public for 2 hours tomorrow evening for
thanks for the follow but what took you do long?! Hehe
“: So you all have OKC beating the Spurs?” N. O.
Tweet 750 goes out to Exploring new music during school is awesome.
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Was just able to jump back on Twitter... Hmm, I don't see a DM :-/
That was fast.
Many thanks! Cheers to you both on this #FF!
Procrastination: It's not about avoidance, it's about attraction
damn you for making me log in to tweetdeck to reply to you. It's ALL out of date. Why?
Bored text?
If Obama says "clean coal" I am going to vomit.
Selena Gomez totally rocked it while singing Love You Like A Love Song on the TCAs ! Selena you ROCK ! (:
Another great tip: trying to get kids used to WWPasta? Start by mixing with flour pasta and gradually reduce it! Thanks
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime R. Kelly's albums
now that is an idea! I thought about having and I do an intervention with her.
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends! Granny Regina
I luv watching our sec of state warning rouge states...isnt it a little late for that
It's Tropical Tuesday at PPSS! Come try our Pina Colada, Coconut and Banana!
haha wow! that's interesting, but I think the time difference is 12 hours?
That's how I feel!!!! AH I'm so excited
Watching Back to The Future..1-2-3.. Looking at 2... Where were the Cell phones and why do pay-phones still exist?..
is watching a pull up competition on Icelandic TV. Yes, I am procrastinating. I hate footnotes!
man that look good as hell!
Pull your pants up PHI. Looks like the Pens caught you with them down.
chillin at home wit my new boo
if youre in san Diego take a minute and check out the sunset right now. beautiful
: This is the best giveaway ever! :)
hey Joe! please watch KONY 2012 video on YouTube!
10 Things I Hate About You ' Why the hell am I gonna waste my time on you if I just completely hate you?!
good to see you here, man!
I like amen, burn, a1, everyday, take u home, racked up.....the whole damn thing I guess hahha
How to balance growth and preservation? A sustainability story for #museums in the real world. See the film The Art for the Steal
/// Everyone does nowadays. RT Serena Williams has a rap song.
3 tickets to #Disneyland, $180, taking your 3 year old there for the first time,
now I'm confused. Great -__-
haha i was wondering if that was just mine. It litterally took over an hour for the entire update
I have never been at school this late
I smell a revolution in the air ladies and gents! www.ModernAmericanRevolution.us
nowww austin..you KNOWWW DAMN well that you CANNOT be shirtless in a vid. i'll die. wait, -dead-.
$2.50 Coors light pints all day Monday!!!!!
Why in Tempe?
#milwaukee 6"-8" total accumulation of snow is coming for tomorrow and into saturday! We have you covered!!
So now you tweet !
Ignore the haters. They don't know shit.
Thank you! Yes, big BIG. Heard sweet things about you last night from Kimmie!
Home from an 8 hour shift at the part time job, and wired and don't feel like sleeping.
Thats true. I like it already, I still have time to enjoy summer nights and stuff
some GREAT information here!
thanks for having me!
Call me ASAP
just got my #square card reader...now come and get in line with your credit cards ready for me to swipe them all.
Back to work today.
Can you say make-up call?
: RT: Like you? How about Love You!!! What's not to love anyway... ;-) sigh.
hee hee! Thanks for the mention!
We'd win, hands down
thanks. i sent you another release with more detail about local search yesterday.
Wonder if this will get Bob Filner's attention? He might want to begin his campaign about now. Where is his pension plan?
Once I was a sheep going astray, but now I'm returned to the Shepard and Bishop of my soul.
Please! Enough already.
#miroboday us military embracing distracted driving as a reason to create autonomous vehicles so soliders can be doing more than drive.
Ciao ragazzi ,we will be open from 6 pm to 8 pm . The weather is rough ... And we can use some rest . Ciao
Happy Birthday :D
And now you've undone it all by surging through another great 10k :)
Woke up this morning... Laid in bed and thought there's a lot of work to do.
Take time to be friendly. It is the road to happiness.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
How many bricks did Farmar shoot for you all? This guy. lol
Happy Mothers Day!! Also, Happy Mothers Day to my Daughter's Stepmom :)
Who just woke up @ 10th oclock on a TUESDAY!? That would be me ;)
ur god damn right
Actual medical advice I received yesterday: "Tickle it with a feather."
Charles Moad of IMA on "Reconciling Museum Records" - "mapping text to an identifier in a vocabulary or database"
SHAME ON YOU AL FOR THE PIGGY REFERENCE. IT WASN'T LONG AGO YOU WERE THE SIZE OF THE TITANIC. NOW APOLOGIZE.
...and, one proposal submitted. first a break, then onto the next bit of writing.
Welp. That's the 4th mid-20-something guy i know that's enlisting in the Navy- THIS WEEK.
Damn Sure Right "Meg Pokrass writes like a brain looking for a body. Wonderful, dark, unforgiving" Frederick Barthelme
Katie Couric once drew a picture of me for which I paid her $1. And another $1 for her to kiss it. The picture, I mean.
jealous man! Always wanted to go there. Hit me up if your ever in LA! Beers on moi.
RT ": keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house”
Four days left<U+E022>
Girl(: I'm sorry! But I'm here!(:
Thanks for the follow! and I'll be seeing you soon. I've never been, but it's going to happen this week.
Thanks for the support!
I can't imagine someone not owning an iPod, iPad, iPhone, two MBPs, Apple TV and a PowerMac
that's for darn sure!
Ill peep that out RT : black keyes
Preparing my upcoming Winter class schedule. I am open to new ideas, feel free to share some thoughts on what you'd like to learn about!
hoalee balls dolan
Happy 53rd Birthday to the late King of Pop! RIP....Michael Joseph Jackson!!
that would be the best thing in the world. I need that too! (:
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't understand how heartless some people are.. Like seriously, other people have feelings too.
thats so cool :D!
try this burger too
What is your favorite moment from your vacation to Hawaii?
its so cute how zayn buttons his shirts on the first buttons (:
Oh man a vendor dropped of i freakin love those cookies, but I'm fasting and can't have sugar
This week brings the first day of SUMMER!!! But don't worry, because it's not too late for some spring clean action! www.pghgreenclean.com
RT : Lovely little dinner date :) x
#AwhYeah Burgers for the boys! #ilove a good #romance #burger this time of year!
Young Bonez will be performing Newark Airport (EWR) on Friday the 24th in Terminal C for all travelers!
In small doses I could. This kid is allergic to chlorine.
I love the freaking crap out of you :)
well said
I almost want to find something else to watch in AM because of Same things daily with him!
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I ignore your call and text u instead.
Got my My Chem ticket! :]
I just pulled a piece of metal out of my leg. Today has been the worse
Most people will gain 3 to 5 lbs on Super Bowl day. Pizza and salami are the worst calorie culprits. Eat grilled chicken & veggie tacos.
hey sorry I didn't follow you sooner I was mowing, running and lifting weights.... and yes all at the same time;) lol
i missed you today!! no food or my baby ace :( </3
Sisters new place then work.
Sorry 2 any1 who has been affected by the hacking of my "follower" & "following" list that hasnt been corrected &continues 2 b disregarded.
Sarah Palin's house is full of balls.
Got my goldfish doh~
Today, weather is top news in Europe. Tornado in Toulouse & summer-in-April in Berlin. And swim we did! slightly sunburned.
we like to contribute the best we can :-)
Frank Marcopolos Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
What was up with the creepy Belichick hug at the end of the game?
Hey guys im so happy right meow ##
Kiddos in bed. Found the Millenium Trilogy (The Girl Who...) on Netflix Instant, w/sub-titles but that's alright. Yay!
IM SO SORRY. something is wrong with my phone!!!
Follow me por favor. ^.^ because I'm going to school in England next year aha.
eh man i meant to message you i voted for u in the link u sent me that same day i dont really be up on the web so much these days
I like your shirt! (;
Or he could just do as he's told. Ya know that's sorta how things work when you have a job and stuff.
That's so meta.
RT Thank a TEACHER if you can read this. Thank a SOLDIER if you can read this freely.
Happy #FF to our #sandiego industry peeps:
is setting up a Bugzilla server for the external QA group and is migrating bugs over to Bugzilla from Hansoft!
Thanks for the #FF, ! It was great meeting Emily last night during class! :)
Thank you! We still vacation in the Ft Myers area, but I don't miss those FL summers.
Ok now stop!!!!
Loving you is possible, but you loving me seems to be impossible.
Chris= #TheCoolestPersonEver. (: I hope I can meet you some day! Thank you for all the interviews and everything <U+2764>
Gød bless South Park.
just wait until tomorrow
By comparing online insurance quotes at our website, you are making an informed decision from the top insurancecompanies at
We call it Pluscious. lol RT : Is it from the plus or skinny line? I'll need the bodunk-a-dunk size. LOL
I'd be like, "You need to shoot more."
Want someone to become a risktaker? Support them 100%, for as long as they need. Then trust them 100%.
you need to step up your tweet game up son
My sister said when she get her house ain't nobody gone be able to Shit but her lol
Makin moves stay tuned!!!!
okay, this lady just yelled out she wanted a certain drink and this woman just yelled out,"i knew it! i have espn." surely she is kidding!
"I'll start off by saying this is crazy."->no joke. Fantasy & #sm totally changed sports industry
I hear that. It's easy to be seduced by sexy videos. It's why I became a filmmaker.
Last week to LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win $25 GC for Chili's and a $25 GC for Fandango => Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Ends 2/20
we are going to have turkey burgers tonight too!
steamed mussels across from the courthouse last night. Highly recommended.
what do you consider "bank" to be?
can you ask around for how many caregivers will lose access to helping those they support?
In English we were talking about how we order chaotic situations. I live tweet.
GREAT ADVICE RT : "It's abt the people. Employers, let them be themselves. Employees, share yourself w/coworkers, customers."
So sad I'm not going to SD to watch #UNLV take on SDSU tomorrow.
Sorry, i'm climbing a wall to save Cheetahs. Sounds like a fun nite/gr8 cause!
Day off consisted of Watching Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan & James Brown docs badass.
"And I'm the raisin is you," just came on..
christian favorited your tweet.(:
You never wanna get too comfortable in one circle so always have another one
A great summer eve in Midtown: first Thurs free concert in Mt Vernon Square Park tonight!
Love that quote.
Early night i think :-)
I want Think Like A Man on dvd
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 1
FYI it is FREEZING again in the office. I'm using my blanket.
is scripting for a live awards program and client's featured-products video; in post with financial client's state-of-the-economy video.
Dan, I think you meant the BEST of us.
Yet again, won't ever happen
Is he deleting it or protecting it?
Wouldn't doubt it.
look who it is. I smell a
Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk... i beat it up. She was Rodney King, I was four cops.
#uppers Wasn't going to tweet today but this segment got me MAD!
does this work?
Another great day to get creative > feeling the colors! :)
hehe that's true cenation rock :)
I still have my tamagotchi lmao
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the maximum possibility, and fight for your desires.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 7
Loved chatting with ya'll. Sorry it's not really big: work is calling :* Lol. Stay strong <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sounds good to me...lol
Tonight's #Lakers lost wasn't so bad.. Win in Denver in game 6, then Artest is back for game 1 vs.
.Tweetdom Oh Tweetdom! Ive been away too long. Grabbing quick moments to comment occasionally is just not enough! Happy to see you Roll By
Mfs just got pulled over .... I swear to God I hate the police
I can't stop smiling. No reason.
OK, not naming names, but I've been trying out some of my hotel shampoo samples and I gotta say ick. My nose is burning from the perfumes.
Yeah for sure, I know a ton of artists who would be interested. let me know
you better ask about me, everybody knows I'm the chief king <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yes! I'm so excited. Thanks for the discount. Appreciated the presentation.
#WDS “: Never miss a good chance to shut up!”
Who the fuck cares if they show skin. Stop fucken hating and assuming she's a hoe. Just don't worry about it! Its not you right? Yesh
good luck. make sure you look real busy at all times.
Even though I pay for college, my parents get the credit on their taxes...lame
Obama has declared Omar the best "Wire" character. Can't wait for his controversial "Diane was better than Rebecca" ruling.
#Prankster ;D
Bob, what about a contest, press releases, samples in the local community, you could kickstart a popup bakery
has just become our 200th follower, hurrah!
haha same here..
i dont know about all that lol RT : Favres career was over soon as he left GBP
Lost my voice. Thats probably the worst possible thing that could happen at this point
CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE , EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER (339-224-3371) JOHN
Join us for the last Monday night football game of the season!
HERES TO ALL We're all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
Flash flooding along my route home. I actually did hydroplane a bit. I did think of you on a bike and hoped you missed the rain!
wow your cool haha :)
Also, people seem to forget that autism is a spectrum (autism, Asperger's, PDD-NOS), which also explains the higher incidence rate.
RT Santa should promote clean energy this year. Instead of a lump of coal he should give a can of biofuel to the bad kids.
Mo, any idea what time it will fly over? Or around NY...
Let us know if you have any questions on the theming.
"Is it weird that I miss your dick?"
We don't know about you but we're ready for summertime! Who's with us!?
remain calm. keep cameras on. twitter doesn't take long.
Thank you Hailee! :)
Mt. Vernon today
I'm missing my Wife right now
Glad you had a good time. Give me a bit more notice and you can have Geek Boy sitting next to you! What's next movie?
Geez! I was wondering how my laptop could be pinging me while off.
yeah we are both hooked on the series! You need to read up before the release date!
Time to build a snow fort! Who's with me?
RT : I recommend attending the Cbus Intl Film & Video Festival. Films you can't see anywhere will have coffee there.
It's exam week! Know what that means? Half-off espresso shots at Mocha Joe's until Thursday! Good luck, friends.
good luck!
Snowing fat, wet, heavy snow. Has been all day... looking forward to the drive home (not so much)
By this time tomorrow will will have our first winners from the first ever Madison's Hardest Trivia at
Finally caught up on everything in my team's mailing list archives. Getting the lay of the land, slowly but surely.
Duke Snider we will miss you.
Apparently all it takes to reinvent yourself is a new accent and excellent waltzing skills. You can do it!
Guys will be guys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls. - Anne Frank
Drinking a cold brewsky!!
i was thinking about going to that , lol
You know those big, long, hard shits that make your asshole just gape in shock after its out? ....ya fuck those shits
no you love me really
Working on a novel based on true events. Actually wrote a chapter today! Hoping for MORE days like that.
The good: had Date Nite for the 1st time in 6 months. The bad: nearly burned down the house by leaving fries in the oven.
In the middle of a fascinating salt class with at Wow, never underestimate the power of good salt
Good morning all my beautiful people have a wonder blessed day
while working on a new song, i happened upon the word "stroppy". indeed, unrelated to the song, but it is fun to say.
lol yes sir! will do
I would expect as you can expect the train will arrive, or maybe you will pass.
Had a great spinning class at
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
BTW, the Bachelor/ette franchise producers have been sued for being discriminatory. If anyone's racist, it's clearly them.
Thanks! My library likes proof and numbers.
Hahaha my friend Giselle and I wore the same pants today.
Heading out to in a bit and then over to Jake's restaurant for second dinner.
thanks for buzzing about #pdx and for the follow!
win. Good night. I heard FLOPannari fell on purpose again on his way to the locker room. LOL
stop hacking ur sisters twitter
#SXSW2012 Nico Stone gets special recognition for his amazing debut performance in
Tired of this feeling
for no reason though
Damn you to hell iTunes and your "Damaged Library". All my precious ratings and play counts gone. Although no more Miley in my Top 25 now
yes the same Dev team.Iam living in the US and we have alot of work to do.Nice meeting u
BlackBerry Music Gateway: Streaming So Simple Your Grandma Could Do It
Glad I finished it
Thanks! Hope all is well with you too! I enjoy keeping up with you at least via facebook! :)
Follow Back?
follow back plz? :)
Finalists named today for ct state business plan competition. Confides didn't Qustir will be on there.
Welcome back to the Randy Moss. Signed a deal with the tonight.
good;) at least that makes someone:)
Happy Birthday! :)
awesome! See you in the am dude.
thanks for the follow )
thanks for the congrats. Was an honor to mentor and watch the other teams. The future looks bright for #lawwithout walls grads
"Rain has stopped play." I'm surprised you haven't purchased a broken record player yet.
well, I couldn't ask for a better prince than u <3 and yes we are the perfect two <U+2665><U+2661> I love you more. *muahh*
Follow Oxy Golfers
“: Overheard on police scanners: Man shooting at a squirrel on his fence hit his neighbor's window. - there goes a squirrel IT folks
You are very welcome!! Enjoy your day.
If your gonna talk about me on Facebook then tag me in it!
Jeeze. The big ass theater on Kirkwood. Just a little east of walnut.
What does your Friday night poker game consist of???
This is when it would be nice if we could "like" twitter comments. ;)
Gym early in the morning <<<<<
When I talk about my life people start hating, I can't help that my life is so great it sounds like I'm bragging..
#2. Your perfectness is well, perfect.
... any advice on featuring Paterno and any controversy the project may cause?
rip patrick swayze
Hell yeah me too RT": I'm gettin impatient tho...I'm ready for this game..."
i no u do
Going to the career fair? A new job or internship might make you the perfect MyCSU blogger! E-mail us at .
my mom my friend and who ever bday on the 26 is in 3 days yay!!! Finally I wish it was Sunday
stop letting your mind wander
Haven't missed this humidity one bit.
I wish!! I need a nap.
POLL: What’s the #1 love song you would want your boyfriend or girlfriend to serenade you with this Valentine's Day?
Awkwardness in a room fullfils my hapiness. I'm awkward.
I asked for an extension
- Glad to come up for air! It's deadline week for six magazines AND I'm ghostwriting a book.
marriage = full civil rights. Civil unions = not all rights. Is it an objection to the use of the word "marriage"?
endorphins are real, my dude...
Grinding all week bitch I gotta ball!
oh okay...We were on our way and realized we'd get there at 11:45pm. but glad you had a good turnout, anyways :)
Hearing some strange digital artifacts on the Oscar broadcast. Driving me crazy!!!
Just ate a $2 rabbit taco... #tacos gringos
How far outside GA 12 do you live? A mile? 10 miles?
K go away is being chanted by protesters in West Allis.
proud of you
Not 5, not 6, not 7... RT : If #LeBron James played with prime Shaq, how many championships would he have?
Long live the car crash hearts <3
Creepy RT : How does feel about that?
We do
RT - The Miami Dolphins brought in Larry Johnson who is a known problem in the Locker Room. Yet Tiki Barber & Clinton ...
I am finally home after being away from civilization! :)
So which station is playing a "Mommie Dearest" marathon today? Bravo? Logo?
are you crazy? delete that last tweet since your tweets aren't protected
don't remember them, but saw Dixie and the cannibals at the Radisson.
Nigga... Nerf Wars... Lets bust these caps on these niggas.
follow me plzz! :)
Flexible Nanocrystal-Coated Glass Fibers for High-Performance Thermoelectric Energy Harvesting Flexible Nanocrystal-Coated Glass Fibers f
The new Steve Jobs book a great read !
hey hey hey!
PDFs and Acrobat are a bloated, overly-complex medium for everyday communication. Rant over.
I got to do that on Monday! Have fun today!
It would mean THE WORLD if you followed me and !!! :D IT WOULD MEAN ALOT TO US!!! <33
thanks for following me! Have a great daY! ;)
Got to keep #Survivior training up. More determined after this season ! 12 yrs worth of focus, determination! ~:-)
JU vs UCLA on Friday. Holy Shit!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
Tired of this same crap. Done.
Auto-correct my ass! I guess you just don't know me well. I call it "hammed" lol
My life would suck without swamp people & duck dynasty!
I think I'm going to buy that C4 stuff tomorrow.
You are currently browsing the Beat a Speeding Ticket weblog archives for 'fight a traffic ticket' tag
where did ur message go x
Exploring Edinburgh.
I thought that was by design? :-)
THERE'S A TROLL UNDER THE TABLE!
I USUALLY enjoy Mondays. :-( RT I love Monday's..... Lol probably not a lot of people that would agree with me
Anybody want me to followback???? (GET MY ATTENTION)
Dont make me second guess myself, i dont want to play this game
What's going on in Vegas tonight?
just the girl by the click five :)
your happy about it?
goo morning sissss dayaaa! have fun meeting fans later on today :) I know you always do though hahaha lol :)
no, seriously. I couldn't handle the disappointment.
I will never understand how towels type
Hi Derrick, you are going to be sent to outerspace with some of this!!
Simply seeing that picture of the old Sweet Valley High cover was worth the click through. The pinnacle of Jr. High escapism.
I wish girls would get off my bfs dick.
although I know what you mean. I just don't want the solution to be telling people (men) that they can't be kind.
Good Morning Twitter(: off to school.
link me?
Ugh again game of thrones. Why u no 2 hours long.
RT : Jon Huntsman: THE Beta Male for a spineless America.
Live and let live.
Ha! I actually think Bo is a decent guy but he sure didn't help his cause today.
OMg really?
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
What game are the tickets for?
I have more followers than ha.
some of these Virgin America airlines ads are actually pretty funny. but stop interrupting ze, bro.
this was the longest day ever. and it's not even close to being over yet
Going crazy right now!!! Super Bowl Champions again baby!!! #4 Giants!
Should be landing in Vegas rt now. Thanks to lazy fucks not doing their job, Im at work.
I thought we were friends?
sorry bby. Switching to micah's room. I'll make it up tomorrow <3.
Hey family!
Oakland protectors blocked from 12th street BART while trying to get to #occupysf to help resist the ongoing raid
Uh oh. Overheard on 19th Street, 6ish year old crying: "Mommy, I don't want you to cook." Sounds like someone needs cooking lessons.
War Horse is in my opinion, Steven Spielberg's best film to date.
I love it! We definitely need to use this now that the weather's nice!
- #Journalists r at the heart of all conflicts. 4 that they pay a high price: 21 journalists have been killed in 2012. At discussion
Thought for the Day: "Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure." - George Edward Woodberry
You know I still can't believe we both did some things that I don't even wanna think about.
BIG bank take little bank lol
We have a student rate for the summer - $120 group fitness or $175 boot camp all summer for college kids!
woodys smelled crazy and everyone was in pajamas....
The fuck?! I'll kill him.
me likes that. List xD
It just seems longer under the stress!
Have you been to New York? If so, what is your favorite place to see/do/eat while you are here?
That's when he slipped haha
Just got out of the shower, bored pc4pc?
RT: TY for bringing social business to RPC and the legal sector. Would have said if we would have won
What's the longest running play on Broadway? Lombardi. Show number 200 approaches next week...
I back this plan
Are u kidding me INDIANA!!!!!! WOW IMPRESSIVE
Spear and Mission today. The pies will be dry. 11:30-2pm
sa-weet! No problem, glad you got it to work!
Anyone on twitterworld as obsessed with coconut water as me? :)
I can see beauty everywhere,, :)
I love your bitch rants.
Lalalaaa bored watching crappy tv movies
long as u dont ditch me yet again :)
Awwweesss, that was sweet - time to make the change we wish to see in the world. You have the power to let it shine. xoxo
Follow this guy
Kubbie my best friend again :)))
can I get any help for 1 ticket to tomorrows Loyola-Hopkins tilt? Standing room only???
twitter is more complicated than I thought hahaha
Airports suck!
i felt like a million bucks! worst hangover for me in a long time!
yeah of coures it is growing fast
where them 412 ladies?
had fun last talking about how awesome daughters are.
Jailbreak was successful!!!!
The last thing I want to do right now is go to school.
Follow back please? :D
rt Determination keeps our wings flapping until what we hope for is ours...just like the bumblebee!
'keeping it in mind' isn't good enough! lol you need to do it ASAP!
Thanks for the support!
How to Make Money with Google AdSense
Welcome Dave RT excited to be joining John Maroon's talented team ! Working the Southwest Region out of Houston...
Nope. None.
okay so I went to busch gardens/williamsburg for 4 days with my friend and i came back yesterday at like 10:30 pm and I'm going to
I hear they are incredible, unfortunately for me we don't "carry" those here in Fl..have a favorite recipe?
- haven't really dived into this one yet. Soon!
2of2 RT ... Cat purrs by the fire of my breakfast bong. So toasted on oatmeal, apricot. Now, he's doing lines of brown sugar
Time to hit the road ... Lets get some new projects ...
If she has 500 likes and 400 comments on a photo, what's missing? Her clothes.
dudee did u see where austin is suggesting to have his next concert
watching how to rock you?
Questions for Superintendent Sherman? Send them to or .
Girls Named Princess Are Cool
considering Columbus is higher than Stars, not sure that dog hunts. Problem (with both cities) is team, not market.
Order sent to Angelina in VA!
GC Tip: If the onsite manager says it's ok, take pics/video to send to us after your events!
Hi Claireja. I was wondering if you were going to join. Glad you shared your favorite. Chat is just wrapping up.
Sean! Looking forward to seeing you open for Chantah in Ibiza, but REALLY looking forward to hearing "Africa Cry!"
. bus driver drove past the transit center entrance.. Whoops!
The eyes that once expressed their essence - self-betrayed. / The eyes, so far away, that darkness can’t portray.
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
they shouldnt be bashed for their choice but more of them bash the overweight female than support her
Hawaii Beachfront Houses For Sale - Which Oahu Sandy Beaches ...: Hawaii has one of the best sandy beaches from all across the world....
I hate you lol it's been a long day!
the pickles were good.
can you put a flashing cursor in sign in box on your Hm Pg so I can just start typing instead having to move my mouse into the box?
What I say: " Why don't you wear that nice long white skirt?" What she hears: " I hate the skirt that you have on right now".
It's funny that it's socially acceptable to announce that you have to pee, but tell people you have to duke and they think yer gross.
I knew it! I shud have come to school high as fuck, I would be cracking up instead of falling asleep in class >_<
If you ordered a T-shirt and haven't got it yet, it may be because we need your size. Let us know. Thanks to all who donated!
Join and me for the News at 4pm -- in about 10 minutes
Tonight is the gala for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We were proud to support their fundraising efforts this year by designing a...
It's probably not a good idea you sharing that link. I may be in trouble now.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb WOW thank you haters your always thinking about us, makes me want to cry happy tears <3
I do love Government officials with a sense of humor.
When someone comes in & needs something we can't give, we connect them w/ someone who can. Thx your help!
Nutella is a food group.
ALWAYS. We need to get together bro. I'll help u get that swag back
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
Lightning, thunder, rain, rainbows, and a crazy Maxfield Parrish sunset. I love it when LA tries to do the weather thing.
That last tweet was mean, sorry Josh! Congrats on the band... When you get a twitter account.
yes but I got a sunburn.....but not from tanning........from shopping.?
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries... Date anyone? :)
Just learned of Jose Wejebe's death. What sad news. Always enjoyed seeing/talking to him.
"Buying the gifted label" is in FL 2. My kids go 2 a FT gifted school & never had a "tutor" but a few of their peers did.
Beer! Helping ugly people have sex since 1862!
Now I really understand the truth of some things
Passed out over 300 City Boi flyers at the Avenues Mall with ! They gonna learn real quick!
most def. I almost shutter'off. Strange indeed.
Prayers to the people of Turkey.
Please do, and if you use #foursquare we have a newbie special ;)
Woohoo, can't wait for (SAA) workshop on EAD tomorrow at Tulane. Come say hi if you're attending, I'll be there.
I wish would stay in Texas to HANG OUT WITH and and Zach (: And everyone else
oh ill tell him. im sure he will be over real fast to pick that one up
just do your best. no more, no less. if we do more than our best, we have no energy for tomorrow. if we do less, we leave room for judgment
Peace I give into you
I want to see it more. UGH IT'S SOO GOOD.
10 days until the EP online release!! Get pumped!
To all the Moms out there - Happy Mother's Day! Thank you for all you do!
I agree, that was a total klouche move.
I have always been content
I like someone I can't have.
Da feds lookin for me G.R need to see me and section 8. Want something from me
text me whenever you're on the way back, I'll be up
Special unit enroute to get bavarian creme donuts and bear claws for our SWAT buddies who've been in a standoff all damn day.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Be aware to the moment so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
Ugh...I hate getting up when it is still dark out.
that guy is an idiot! Who asks to be unfollowed?! Lol
Congrats to Benjamin Burt for booking his commercial in LA!
who is ?
eww:/ idk if I'm even gonna goo..
is awake but still in pajamas lol
Whatever Tomorrow Brings , Ill Be There.
Awesome! Bristol music lovers are in for a great treat!
brush my teeth with a bottle of jack.
TF is there traffic for at 6 am?!
should I be afraid to ask?
San Diego for the day with some cool kids.
JS8 just put the stamp on the ladies with the new trendy look
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton today, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live.
Should I listen to Tablo and Epik High?
omg waburttt I miss you so much!;(;(;(
I'm not sure I want to know...
get better boo!
you know i'm yours baee ;) lol
Weirdest people in my math class
probably sometime in the future I'll move down, just not right now.
I'm ready to go home now
I hate missing old friends.
I have the first gen iPad, but I think the new iPad is definitely worth the upgrade. The speed! (I sent my old iPad to Gazelle.)
I subscribed to you by the way
I love how Someone can say "Fuck Hoes!" when you a damn Hoe yourself! SMH look in the mirror for once
astonishingly,his face finally grew into his teeth.
I want to rock and roll all night... and party every day!
The letter needed is done & I'm not mailing it I'm on my way 2 deliver! To S.A.G attention Leniency Committee! Y'all please pray for me.
we're out of toilet paper. "yeah i know i had to use coffee filters" haha love my roommate
Done counting for now - I may count from 11-20 later in the workday.
no thanks.
finished a final and a paper. one of each left to go and then i'll be free for spring break on thursday!
Why do u wait until I'm already upset before u stop doing that stupid thing I hate?
Happy to help. Any particular questions you have? We could also put these out to our Twitter network.
thank you :)
white river
It's only a matter of time before fighting is banned in the NHL. The game is changing, evolving.
Sounds good
Definitely gonna be the new thing.. unfortunately. I mean Tupac did "trend" on Twitter for three days straight...
Couldnt make it to a good friday service, so decieded to read about it instead!!
what happened though?
we control everything..
We just all got ran over by a hamster ball.
Good question! Maybe knows.
Come follow me at my new job
never underestimate how hard it will be for very smart people to follow instructions re tracking changes & using version names
"Versailles in France", not "Versailles in Europe"!!! Do you say "Tokyo in Asia" or "Montreal in America"?!
spinnin' 2night @ Nectar along with the wild one Eric drizzle. The beats & drinks will be flowin'. Stop by the booth for free grumpy looks!
Thanks for the follow and the RT man! We appreciate the support! I'll get you a 10% off coupon code if you want it!
What a honor it is to be able to tweet u may the lord continue to bless u n gide u so that u may keepon briginghiswor
gotta get my stretch on for 2morrow..its bout to go down..WUTANG'S IN TOWN..suuuuuuuuuuu
When you want to text, no one texts you. When you don't want to text, they all text you.
Weeks keeps the rally alive with a single up the middle... #canyoufeelit ????
Finished speech to Business students on "Change = Opportunities". Be prepared, be alert, look for calculated risks.
I can't believe your turning 18... this is CRAZY!!!! I remember when you made you first YouTube video! Your growing up so ...
Chaos with the office relocation. I can not find a thing!
when you guys coming back to the SouthEast?
WA is amazing! I'm going to college next fall :) shopping is waayyyyyy better than I expected! I miss seeing you in history :(
Tell me what you think about something I read the other day. "May you have faith in your worth and use wisdom." Tweet back your reply.
RIP Bubba Smith
Merge into immensity of kisses and see you in the silence, your breathing your heart beats each mystery..........
Only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've made it.
idk dude, I like the music but I just feel like it's becoming less and less about talent. I'm talking all music as a whole too.
I would ask why but I know it's what we both wanted :)
The world is not to be put in order, the world is order incarnate. It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order. -Henry Miller
Raw census data manipulation killing Team almost there?
long and tedious. :)
Just Got A Black Pair Of Red Bottoms.
Happy Birthday amazing Happy birthday.
I just realized that I don't have another full week of school for the rest of the year! YES.
Tangled tongues and lips :)
S/O 2 & #UTSAShowcase was a hit
Had fun with and friends. Drive safe. :)
One minute Joel Ward is the hero, the next, the goat.
I think I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.... Why don't people read simple instructions...my job is killing me
Ready to get back on stage this weekend.
Is there any other way to go? RT : living la vida loving it!!! :-)
Craving a big glass of lemonade
Because they know its all about the Celtics.
pretty much lol
there's a strip of rubies, sapphires, and diamonds down the middle.
All I need is long red hair and a pair of fins, cause my voice seems to have disappeared
The group Sister Sledge singed the background vocals for the Stop The Love You Save remake I recorded at the age of 8yrs!
I think really believes I'm her personal chef! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thankfulness is contagious. Gratitude grows as you water it. Joy is a lifestyle and positivity is not optional with success. Simmer on that!
pretty good actually minus the horrible week i just had lol. Are u graduating this May??
Hey! Sounds good. I need to figure out exactly what this thing looks like, but good to know you'll be there.
Rosie I got the days off soo I will be in Denver from friday until sunday on the 11th
thank you Fred :)
nothing! one offered me a three way with his friend and the other wanted to fuck me in the bathroom! fml.
Down to the last blessed frame.
Safe flights for all our & family coming home. Here comes a well deserved break for all of us.
Thank you!!! "HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!"
DONE! ur right, it WAS fun. : FUN GAME:Think of who u always need to take the least resistance&then cut 'em out of ur life
Clearly, we are the coolest campus in the nation. I'm just saying.
Went Whale Watching this past Sunday :) No whales but lots of playful dolphins!! What a BLAST! Will post video soon!! :D
Toronto too dangerous ...thought Dick C always took his gun with him!!!
I'm glad you enjoyed it Megan! I will be glad to assist you in the future! Have an awesome day.
She call me Papi and I say Ven Aqui.
What is there to like about a mall? No wonder they're in trouble.
That's good.
You're very welcome.
“: The #pollen in #Atlanta today was the worst I've ever seen...literally." Did u ship it to Lexington?
#tednugentdraftdodger'd RT: ": Todd Helton fact: Helton consumes over 10lbs of beef jerky per day."
your game a final?
Thanks for all of your motivation! It's contagious
Fluevog day looks more fun than most sales: an attempt to "overwhelm the world with positivication,"
Bielema on other Big Ten schools starting to recruit the state of Wisconsin: "I think the secret is out."
No idea what to get my mom for Mother's Day. None!
Mitch McConnell, the only "septuagenarian ninja turtle"
RT An afternoon of reading librarian blogs always includes at least 14 posts dedicated solely to cats
I love bukake from all up in my face :')
I can't wait till this saturday ! Going to see your show in Lancaster PA ! <333
Ashley Halsey of WaPo, passenger on crashed alane, says all beautiful, heard a crunch
yes iam, can you guess
These bitchss don't submit
I Bet That & are so happy that #NOSCHOOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS is trending . #Beauties&GRANDerz always win !(:
In the FISD think tank for opening team...
:D i love you.
Obviously Dwight Howard isn't interested in winning a championship
The Help: Money Never Sleeps
It can't be good that I still have a cup of coffee in my hand.
I like the #!
I'm here to listen in and say hi to current and former students.
That's a wrap! Filming complete in LA for new Nebraska Wahi.
What a cute idea! It would also make pretty Thanksgiving treat bags
Residents Quiz Local Legislators - Roswell, GA Patch
Mike Cameron is retiring. Probably not HOF but still a very solid career and stint as a Brewer.
Hey girl! Did you sign-up for the swap? :)
let's go Oakland!
To Recap: Sale/Leaseback of public assets - Great for sitting politicians, terrible for both the public and the politicians successors.
I do wanna be loved though D: lmao
You call yourself my best friends but you seem to be no where on my birthday that's cool
Your my man. Nobody could replace you haha
Oh my god - we just signed the closing docs on our first ever home! We will get the keys tomorrow or Thurs!
#iplspring major breakthrough: In re Owens Corning Fiberglass Corp. (Fed. Cir. 1985), color pink accepted as color TM, not functional
Music to our ears!! Thank you for patronizing our BNA location and SAFE travels-looking forward to seeing you soon!
Thanks...I know it was right, kind and humane but, damn, I miss him! Worse than when my father died...
Girl streaking response "That's something you would do Serena." She knows me so well(:
I'm back at work on the computer researching a project.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I love the ready set and never shout never<U+E32D><3
Ha! Well, the Colts pretty much cleaned house, so there shouldn't be any problems starting from scratch.
Ross Borden is being extremely open and honest in his talk. Showing great real-life examples and sharing pros and cons
197 my first game. We won first game.
Going to bed is the only option I have right now
"All you need is love." - John Lennon
So disappointed that Re-engineering with a Faculty Focus live stream is closed due to technical difficulties,
Leaving the office early for work happy hour, followed by manis and dinner with the cuzzos! I love today.
God bless you! Thank you for following. God bless you always.
Thanks for the follow!
#YourBiggestProblem is that you demand respect without earning it
I love you too. <3 glad you got twitter. (: listening to #enchanted too. <3
I wish you were here
Does anyone know how to book national rail tickets that work on the underground, i need to start my journey in zone 6/5
Singles are more than welcome to order it!
and she did and I can't stand her bean dip head ass.
smh bad ass
Now watch me blow em out they shoes without clues Cuz I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fuse
“: “: yayyy when I wake up tmrw my pool will b open #party” I'm comin” I'll be there
don't nobody ever text ME. I'm the convo starter /:
I can and I will
saw my baby and now eating while watching movies with my kitty <3 yeah, today was great.
#roadron Wild, Frenchman, totally wild!
How did I miss that class????
what happened?
I transferred to A and F
New US cititzens sworn in on the Ti came from Bosnia, China, Vietnam, Peru, India, Russia, France, Canada, Poland &Thailand (HT )
Sweet. Have you seen Manufactured Landscapes? Rivers and Tides? Visual Acoustics? Or that Rem Koolhaas doc? (the latter's on deck)
I'm not ignorant, I just know it all. JS.
omg...waching abdc and it is the bieber episode.....so awesome...GO ICONIC BOYS.....I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Places, Bill,
I'm nothin like a yes man, I'm something like ya best friend!-------->>>
RT Pls retweet ! Donald Trump ( mr chapter11) is Only a Mean Spirited BAD ACTOR who couldn't find his ass with both hands & a map !
in other news, curses to the metro yarn crawl for being so close to Maryland Sheep and Wool (weekend after next, egads!) It's too much yarn!
The halls of justice are kept ICE COLD.
Aww thank you! I appreciate it. :) Thanks for staying with me!
Lady A was amazing! Had a great time.
What???“: Damn! Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell. I'll be damned.”
the song on the boat is very creepy! I love that entirely quote! you better make me some cookies!
Thank you SO much for making my Christmas better with your voice, especially The 1st Noel! Merry Christmas!
i hate fridays cuz my bf always has ta go away hm #secretgetaway?
I do! :) He is a wonderful little man. :) His birthday is 1 day before Rob Pattinson's! haah :)
There are no condoms for the heart. No matter how casual you think it is...you can still catch feelings even if you don't expet to.
Okey-do, thanks!
Thanks for mentioning Mom Maps! We appreciate it! Would love to work together more closely, email me at
hahaha!!! Oh you crack me up!
QUESTION: Would you rather... (A) work Overtime for extra pay, or (B) work 1/2 a day and live a little?
I want to send fan mail. Buut, I dunno the address. :(
I am quite upset that Bioshock Infinite has been delayed. :(
Knowing you, with no shirt on?
Friday's #pcch drop won't come soon enough!
Here's a question, which artists should we #FF this week?
I dont! I haven't been following, but that sounds horrible!
Don't forget, we'll be closed like most government facilities for President's Day on Mon. Feb 20, 2012.
I <3 r grilled turkey on whole wheat w/green chile, cheese, tomato, mustard, & bell pepper!
Thank you for not saying conversating..RT : Conversing......
Meeting with Norman Sadeh and Jason Hong at CMU kicks off now!
A little bittersweet about leaving Michigan in a couple of hours. I'm ready to get back to LA but not ready to leave yet.
both of those sound amazing! Maybe a jumbo super tour?! Haha
Hey 1%, Occupiers are God's chosen people as last I heard; greed is a sin.
Slide the newspaper half way under a closed door and ask the two people to stand on the bit of newspaper on their side of the door
Broadband and LTE be damned... no one wants your 22MB resume.
<< Will be at #SCORES Friday Night at the Official Unlawful Family Party
Now that you've had your exclusive, would they be willing to call the KXL newsroom and talk with us?
actually, res on new laptop is high enough to be (mostly) usable. Still use external most of the time,way more pleasant than old box
is looking forward to his first #ASHE11. Plan to stop by the Hopkins booth.
amazing time with tyler. < 3 a few crazy things went down. but, i was just glad to be with him! now bed.
I did not think they would advance to a regional final without Melo. They definitely fight.
She dont wanna whine she wanna make the pussy quint- ft or wife- <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5> be on the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
of course I keep a phone... Still the same number u had before
I'm looking for a good GPS app for my droid x. Any recommendations?
Just at the best breakfast ever. Local business are the best.
don't you love how I added you into my Lakers tweets. You asked for it.
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Chargers/Browns (43)..#Take_The_Over...Chargers O is firing on all cylinders & Browns are starting to score
I can see you writing a hybrid of "My Life in Advertising" and "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell."
Getting my grill on tonight! Enjoying the fabulous spring weather!
thank you rozzzzzz!
Sex at night might be refreshing but morning sex is a head start.
AHL championships are worthless. Too many old guys hoping for a 3rd NHL chance. Jrs talent closer to NHL level
Author and historian (born this date in 1912, died 2008).
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!
How come you show them pictures of your duck stuff & you send me pics of your shriveled package, Bryan?
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the #PayPalBan!
famous dave's boom
lol I am going to start saying that to meet ppl.. "oh I see you fuck bitches I also fuck bitches" lmfao
ur cut in! we can do it stir crazy style, let's do a court show, u ready?
On Wednesday, I kicked technology's ass at work. Since then, it's been kicking back. Harder.
i shoulda been born somewhere down south
HOOKAYY. BUT YOU ACTUALLY LOOK NORMAL
Thanks for the shoutout for our ping pong table! Happy travels.
Started training for next #kenpo belt today. Twice as much to learn ... started with "Begging Hands" and "Sleeper".
home but on the road Monday!
HELLO! How's it going?
What a shocker of a report about the cheap fucks on the #saints D. Never would have guessed it.
The Heat sleep right now they better wake tf up
Can't quite determine if I'm watching the Wisconsin men's bball team or a 8th grade girls bball team tonight...
So ready for friday
Currently at 1:00pm in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees. Lows in 30s
its so unfair, all the senior classes at ehs before us had a decent year . OH but when were seniors, they messed everything up!
The Leonard Brothers band is kicking off the weekend at tonight at 7 pm!! Come on out!
Then when we get inside he tries to start talking to me. After 30 seconds I walked away when he was in mid sentence.
Kirsten Stewart in #WelcometotheRileys . . . .
About to see in a few.
wow somehow I missed this...sorry about that. Thanks a lot man... I'm still a noob but I'm working hard!
Nope, I just don't have a flash drive on me. And I'm not familiar with SneakerNet.
Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off
“Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
damn man i need a new one to :'(
I am huge Chelsea Fan but feel B M might win 2 - 1, I hope not!
my nite was ok I couldn't really sleep
if you get tired of the college kids and noise, you should check out WEST 6th if you have time.
MAINLY CUZ IVE ONLY SPOKEN TO YOU VIA TWITTER
Let's get Peyton Manning to KC!
Up early on the MoMo grind. Wholesalers can contact us at min order of 50
Um why am I forbidden to follow you??? :-(
guess who just got their best friend back<U+2665>
to the rescue. Hits a tough bank shot followed by a tough fade-away. lead with 44.5 seconds left in OT.
Well talk to you later; i'm on my way to pick up my kids from their sleepover and then to grocery shop!
I hate watching the news. They always start out with "Good evening Memphis..." Then proceed to tell you why it's not a good evening.
Yippee! covers and our arts & culture projects including ! Good look for #AnacostiaDC!
One leg out the comforter. Not too hot Not too cold.
RT if you've tried Baby Got Bock in Feb 2012. If you haven't, don't miss your chance to taste this golden brew!
go to the gym all the way to the top and try to look for some sunglasses please
hit that legend and 3 stacks up it will do you good
At Savannah St Patrick's day parade today on mom in law's porch. Craziest thing I've ever seen.
Trivia: Which Rick James video was banned by MTV and BET for “sexual content”?
Flea's can jump 130 times higher than their own height. In human terms this is equal to a 6ft. person jumping 780 ft. into the air.
old Drake is the best Drake
The Acacia Strain, Like Moths To Flames, and Volumes are coming to SD on 7/27, but I'll probably end up not going as always.
Friendly tip: don't share your vibrator!
Pretty much pouting all week about not going home for Thanksgiving for the 4 year in a row.
There are 900 different flavours of arabica. Complex and very volatile, they deteriorate if exposed to air and light.
It's IDEAS WEEK! Time to pick a Newbery winner or honor title and see what magic you create -- let the wild rumpus start!
Dumb bitches retweeting every second about how they messed up? #unfollow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When you're about to say something but you don't and then someone else says it and you're like, I was gonna say that!but no one believes you
But then they ask the guys for directions, lol.
Being literate over Hungarian coffee must be a good idea.
": #respect do what you need to do" <-- i will :) bless you mahina !
I am thinking that those duties might have had something to do with "Is that 7:30AM... in the morning?"
thank you so much for the follow. Please continue to do great works in our community
Only three punches left on my Corp espresso card! I'm guessing I'll get my free drink by the end of the week at the rate I'm going...
RT : Good coaches make us all get better (even the really good) Atul Gawande
Daily Deals are a win-win-win! Help customers save money, help local businesses find more customers. Follow our sites to find out more!
I really wish that would put their info on the Internet instead of hiding it on AOL, whoops Facebook....
Hello Chicago!
wish I could have stayed longer and seen one of your performances!
Who's coming to Bamboozle and hanging out with us?!? :)
Just got a new JuiceBox Tee. On SALE!! Yay!
You mean the world to me!
I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching the San Antonio Spurs sweep the Clippers.
Yup. For kicking a cop out back in 2010.
I don't think I can find a word that's even close to describe my night. :)
Filibustered by Republicans and still he is coming out ahead
You can also phone us to order
I can't my phone doesn't let me see it :P and I can't be on the computer does he go to our school ? (: what's his name ?! XD
share it !
did you know your first name could be feminine, if you simply add an extra "N" #RyAnn?
tweet twitter twit same thing. Go chew some ice haha
we are GENIUSES!!!
Not only does have to get used to the time change, but Mahomies do too.
He's amazing. So much fun! I'm doing good. Getting back to some much needed yoga. Still teaching?
We like to keep you on your toes.
RT : Tune In to #AEC Social Media Tweetchat with SMPS CEO : Follow hash tag #AECSM at 4pm EST
Tis my modest opinion that no man can fly pirate colors who's not willing to sell his friend, his sweetheart, or his mother. Crimson Pirate
missing our momz
Plans for the summer are finally falling into place!
follow them if u want 100 followers a day.!
Favorite Beastie Boys memory...seeing them live in San Diego at Lollapalooza in 1994...unforgettable.
Your so full of crap your eyes are brown lol
funny how niggas be screw facing @ me... smh... but they ain't got the heart to get @ me!....
you know it's strange - it just makes everything far less desirable :/
Watching America's Got Talent
Is it your off season? If you are not in training mode your calorie intake can probably be reduced because you will have reduced expenditure
exhausted from staying up all night every night
Damn headache... This day could have been so good. :(((
Ozzie Guillen -- same ol same ol
*give you some food*
Miami ready
Chillin with a beer a cigarette and talkin to my girlfriend... Good night : )
Run away!
I don't have to set an alarm tomorrow....I may spontaneously combust with excitement
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” <U+2015> Mae West
Best Christmas Ever! Yesteday I Met Bella Thorne!!! :)
I thought exercise was supposed to make me wake up.
Distinguished frames of mind
h-e-double hockey sticks I do... Wait? Awkward?
ill be there all day tomorrow...
there's just something inhuman about someone who denies you a cookie.
i hate to say it but it still hurts
In what ways are writing teachers using technology in their classrooms?
..his name? FRANK FINE, savy?
Tortas then Starbucks with and c:
yes...december! R u dj'in xtine's wedding? miss ya too twinners! Ooohmg, & happy bornday! So late. Oops. -_- how was it?
finally getting some much needed best friend time. <3
getting some cardio in!
Just signed up to receive your newsletters, thanks!
So Boosie is free...beautiful!
Great time at 2nd annual chili brew. Nice job you guys know how to throw a party!
haha remember when I said, "I know someone there…I can't remember who…" I actually saw him at Vivace. Need to come by soon!
Done with ap chemistry :)
Up for #Work another 11 hours Today Voice:
Startup Professionals Musings: Ten Twitter Traction Tips for Entrepreneurs (via Instapaper)
is your phone being weird?
Haha, that would be great!
Some favorites this week:
why all the roid talk now all of sudden just cause josh is making it look to easy an pujols blows?
not effing bad!
Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, can't wait to graduate! D;
You black out you can't back out
Finally at bdubs with the fam and
Hmm intervention behind closed doors?
Just put it on your FB wall.
What other people think about you is none of your business.
and I respond with a "Baby :( , I thought I was your princess??!!" hahah
J-E-T-S fail fail fail
i need food.
Ridin' the storm out. Just me and REO. :)
That was one hell of slide there by Doumit there, eh?
haha okay.me too
good for you Kareem! Lol I guess that's a good thing.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it... Malcolm X
Innocence is beautiful
I guess Jennings hasn't watched a lot of Warriors games these last few years...
Did they make you sandwiches?
What I wouldn't give for one night with Ochocinco...Lord have mercy!
U on that team alone Chris
I Love Staying Up After Midnight && Reading All Of 's A M A Z I N G Tweets<3(:
Hitting up Barnes and Nobles before I go to job #2...need a new book to read
TY for the follow! I'll enjoy getting to know you.
going to try an experiment where i write and say "captain" before my name for a month. will report back with findings.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50% Discount on all Rooms Mon-Thur to all Policemen and Firemen ID at time of Check in Call Monica 414/218-2202
wow. Someone fire the trainer, he's not using enough medical tape!
Chatting with a #Giant location about their food allergy customers
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt participate in all toasts unless thyself or thy group is honored with a toast.
reverse classroom is a growing movement in k12. Might be a good topic for a guild session webinar or at a conference.
i hate that i love you so.....^__^
Yes, I did, and he was very understanding. Thank goodness. Flights are horrendous today, too, so.... cross your fingers!
Totally hacked haha. I like pie okay but not like like.
#808Pride life is a beach im just playing in the sand...how old are u sir? Life is a kindom and im ur ruler
Damn, thought Josh Wolff had retired... or he should...
So Vegas is the "dumbest city." Well that may be true but also lots of friendly, entrepeneurial and can-do folks as well...
Thx for the RT - looking fwd to your tweets!
I wanna fucking tear you apart
I knew this wasn't gonna go anywhere, ,,,:/
“: I feel like super conservative uppity christian couples must have the most boring sex lives...” preach cutie!
This bagel boutta hit
OMG I love that movie!!! that was so us! especially the cc ice block moment lol
Bracing myself for whatever's next in our office Xmas decorations saga. Not sure and I can take the tension!
oh no it's definitely happening!
304 days to go. #EndOfTheWorld Need to get back to my TFM/TSM bucket list
#heardthat. also, hi. how's life?
I've been closely following you, and hope there'll be an opp'ty to learn from each other f2f in the future.
get the cool one while you still can!
not so good you
Hopefully, Santorum’s victory can keep Minnesotans from just feeling pathetic about the weather.
RIGHT?!? IM SAYIN
this shit to funny!
I sent them to ur yahoo : ) if u didn't get them let me know
the online leasing part of my venture, what do you think, i couldnt really come up with anything but i think its kind of edgy
Thanks, Chad. I appreciate it.
Burning bridges... building towers.
everytime i open a pineapple it dissapoints me when i dnt see sponqebob
what you thought ?
There are more possible games of chess lasting 40 moves than there are atoms in the entire universe. Intriguing to know.
Watching Justin Bieber never say never :)
#ff look forward to catching your tweets!
Sometimes I get sad reading 's tweets Him RTing all those other lucky fans knowing that will never b me</3
can't wait for this all-nighter i'm going to have to pull tonight…
A bad bitch like me, is hard to find.
RT : In all seriousness, the Heat are a terrible "team." So top heavy. But the bottom guys are just awful
: I have several twitter accounts for different purposes, but it's kind of a pain.
tonight in Troy, MI. So stoked to see again.
Taco Shop burrito before my night class was probably a bad idea.
Tangible Love video's Where Are You Going or When He Wasnt Drinking
Heh. Buy the paper book. That would probably make them happiest of all. ;-)
you have a couple of hours left hang in there
Im Starting A Clothing Line..What Should I Call It?
hey I'm from tnn to
it would seem under FERPA, students should already own their profile, but perhaps they are not making the best use of it
Im Chilling Now !
Thank you for your support!
Hope you got it just like you like it. Welcome back to Texas!
Dog Park at josephine and colfax is still mostly white people. Kind of thought my first tweet abt it mite change this.
Only thing I see is..Beautiful people!
Create a Journey of life map to tell your
Hahaha... ^^. So is tht a no ¿?RT : u not playin! Weed head
The invasion begins in 1 hour 11 minutes and 45 seconds
Essentially you’re moving the intelligence from the switches to commodity servers. Cheaper switches, more flexibility.
I feel ya been overdoing it myself but hey you only live once. Going to the horse race track here tmrw to bet on the derby excited
RT : Won the shark tank #TribeFest competition to make a Yom Kippur ECARD! Now all we need is an enthusiastic
great work yesterday!
fresh clothing send me link
I'm readjusting to make some much needed changes and take my game to a whole nother other level!!!
May be kidding a bit. Reasonably priced though.
Have to say Sunday's are always the most interesting day of the week.
June Bug gave the bird back to me today. #aw <U+E412>
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
#AmericanIdol Hollie killed it! Great beginning to the show!!!
u went in tho I'm like damn 25 sounds lol
On the way to the salon in this freezing cold snow!
DRose's first points of the game, made with 3 red shirts on him. That's just how we do.
ha yeah except this is Jewlie for the millionth time!
thank you for following us. we think that a child can make a family happy when they can't have children, it's better than abortion!
R.I.P. Heavy D and Joe Frazier!!! To great losses from the African American Community!
Rob Wheelwright () added weight, strength in the offseason. The results showed: ''I feel like I became more of a playmaker.'
I've already tried :(
Joe Johnson sucks, why is his contract 100 mill<U+2754>
T-Minus One Hour! Get ready for the NEW YEAR! This place is burnin’ Up!!! Ball is about to Drop!
Power Wagging
she went to valley. Graduated 01.
have you researched how chocolate is used for athletic recovery,for the polyphenols?
sounds good to me! I'm still in the, "get utterly destroyed by anyone I play online" phase.
but bringing over the glasses is such a laborious task.....
That's awesome! it was half wolf? those are crazy. I had a friend with one and it literally ate one of the seats in his car.
Thanks for a great conversation today at
oh shucks why not
your momma :)
? what is this how decipher
Wait wht u have a degree.. Damn fooled me
Hey neat! That patch of subcutaneous pimples is a lot like a sheet of bubble wrap. Filled with pus.
Thanks for all your RTs! Very much appreciated. Glad to work with you
your new picture is awesome:B<U+2665> mora because you are in there:) ILY!
that's al me!
Funny to me how people always argue against a player who has good stats, but can't win, then also argue against winner who has weak stats
Keep forgetting how hot Nikki Whelen is in Hall Pass.
AH STAND UP AND SHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTT
haha i'm so funny sly digs are everywhere
Stuck in traffic from Pittsburgh til the end of time. Great NYE in #Toronto with
Thank you for following us!
Can we get a #gocougs?
Arriving late to #THATCamp this morning. Folks planned some really exciting sessions!
Get ready for hint # 2: Once you arrive look out for the Twitter Guy, Gregg! He'll have your WBC tickets ready to go! Location TBA!
check online might be some items remaining implied there might be more stock added
butterfly for my garden..for that I've longed
Hail Satan
get angry . i dont care . if you havent realized my situation is bigger than you so just fade into the background.
Happy birthday everyone! Tis the season!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Ares just released a new sigle with the current lineup!!! GO CHECK IT OUT!!! ITS FUCKING AWESOME!!!
Now catching the train to Manchester. All I know about Manchester I learned from the Smiths.
Cannot contain my excitement. Seriously. OMG. <3
I was impressed though.
I'm not shocked. I meet more dumb people than intelligent ones every day.
lolz still works most of the time. i think they're just being defensive
Today in 1926, Dr. Robert Hutchings Goddard launched the world’s first successful liquid-fuel rocket!
Minnesota Legislature: TV, Web to provide full end-of-session coverage
What do you know when you see three rabbits walking down the street wearing tuxedos and top hats? You know you need a psychiatrist!
I like
5pm, hurry up and get here, please...
Whatever you do this summer, visit earthmatrix-dot-com often because I will start posting paleoanimations and hidden images in ancient art.
3:39 left! Argghh this is when I start ACTUALLY caring.
If you think it's OK to reduce the deficit WITHOUT raising taxes on the highest earners, just by slashing Medicare than vote Republican
RT : A huge thank you to and all who helped, inspired, and made this film and evening possible. - ZS
RT : Capital Update: Had a conf call with a #CRE lender that wants to originate $100 million in loans before the end of the yr
I want my picture with
J Swear Ppl Irritates Me
Wow, this girl hand hairy
ALEX Thanks for thinking of me. Can I be honest? BIG food is not one of my favorite subjects. Good food is better. When is it?
loud noises make her toes rings hurt
What is going on with my 3g service ( yeah I dont have 4g yet)
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow mami
#FF follow him!!
ugh, twitter stopped pushing to my phone! sorry I've missed you ladies! Around Friday?
Lady in front of me asked her husband why everyone was booing Lucroy. I giggled.
Packing for Orlllannddoooo #stoked :)
We're heading to Milwaukee this afternoon for my nephew's First Communion.
Goooooodmorning, how'd you sleep?
Do it.
and what exactly has Dan Snyder done recently to justify that?
Is there a mailed newsletter to which I can subscribe?
Finding stuff is low hanging fruit. Its all about relationships, finding their passion, and being a model learner.
Thanks for following, Courtney!
Kato kaelin performed at the same open mic as joe tonight. oh los angeles....
Ok! One more final (project)! Woo!
My mom says the YouTube of the 1986 Bears SuperBowl Shuffle is too grainy and she can't tell them apart. I think she's just racist.
:/ I have no idea who to talk to about that. It would be so amazing to see you guys though.
I always miss 11:11, so i guess i'll never get a follow from you :(
#1DVDforme #1DVDcaptioncomp and stroke, stroke! C'mon lads! put your backs into it!
my day was great! Work, not so much! Weird vibe at the club! You Vegas bound?
Have you seen the crew around town or near the Oakland Hills?
Ooh girl you know I'm tryin ;) RT "thank's mama! now it's your turn! you already got the mag cover!"
ya K's are cool and sometimes u need them but easier for a lil grounder or pop out haha and saves ur arm
I wrote a book called Food Lovers' Guide to Seattle, I would love to send you a list. Can I Dm you?
IMO, AMC is kicking everyone else's ass for original content. Yes, even
Thanks man, words of wisdom! Have a good one, cheers!
i heart the Hollywood Bowl. I heart Dudamel. Dudamel-ts my heart.
Though the key word there is probably "idly" :)
Most Womens problems with Men aren't because of Men, its because of other Women!
Just landed at knoxvilke tn. Now to locate my bags.
well today is gonna be alot of drama but im just gonna avoid it and not gonna be childish like them.
aw that's sweet :)
jose: "What wud u do if u wer that mother? This is y this is a civil rights issue, this is y this is an issue that affects us all"
so what's new w u?
Where do you get the most customer feedback - Twitter? Facebook? Blogs? Find your dominant platform, and captivate that audience!
Holy crap, Read to the People is only one week away!!!!
I'm glad everyone feels the need to make me feel like crap!
Although HCV was not discovered until April 1989, an estimated 170 million people worldwide are infected by the virus
Explorer, FireFox, Chrome..Where will it end!
ETC was just featured in the Miami Herald ! Check out the article in Today's People Section!
"Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience." - Victoria Holt
Is there anything so terrifying than a ghost Chick Hearn howling as the midnight wind?
You as well!
that would be a hell of a billboard for marketing !! Your business would boom!
Great mug shot...
right on... I actually have a lot of family in the area so who knows??? XO Burning Man this year?
I'll never understand why 90% of the girls around here get pregnant then turn gay. It makes absolutely no sense. But oh well! Do watcha do!
Miss you man!
i actually love MCMB, i saw Faithless and was like whoa O_O -Mencho(screams)
Saw the space shuttle by DC!! So awesome!
We're looking forward to attending tomorrow! Will we see you there?
I would agree that if we are God's children, His sons & daughters we would be motivated to obey it, at least pieces of it
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
Temporarily down. Flashmobbed again. We are going to be scaling up our capacity this evening to ensure this doesn't happen in the future.
I want to write a series of posts highlighting Nashville labels and their bands. Talk to me Nashville musicians & labels!
Thanks for letting me know Jill. Stellamae
Come work off the chocolate Easter bunnies with me! I am teaching Barbell at 5 followed by Studio Cycle at 6
#WaysToMakeMeHappy "Food" Lots of it
How much are the elevate shirts?
Wednesday is definitely "think about the weekend" time
A quick heads up about a new documentary Jonathon Hock directed for ESPN called UNGUARDED. tonight 8 p.m.
i was gunna say something nasty but nvm...lol;P
leonard misses so all is forgiven.
Thank you Steph for helping me with that mistake!! Much obliged!
Don't ever think that what you're doing is anything less than amazing. You have 11 million people that love and adore you.
Okay I would LOVE Merle Haggard. For serious. *googles*
is getting really into bullying.
Brian David Johnson talking about IXR - Intel Labs in our SF Prototyping workshop
Hey Mitch been watching your videos for a while always good insight ! I'll appreciate if you check out my video .
on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President David Axelrod to discuss Health Care Reform
“The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the...
LOST DOG ALERT!! Mooresville area: Zeus - brindle boxer with a cleft lip. Almost 2 years old. Please call Elisabetth at 765-343-2319.
If I never see another novel that turns on a "dark family secret" from the past it'll be too soon.
where did you hear that?? I hope so!
I'm RT'ing u verbatim tho... O_o RT And needs to stop retweeting me before she has people thinking I'm ignorant lol
Um so I walk into work and Gloria Estefan is shooting something in the restaurant. Never a dull moment here...
twitter is like talking "at" people... at least one step up
: In a survey of middle school American children, 92% were able to name 20 celebrities but failed to name 10 countries."
The problem with binging on TV series: Christmas episodes out of season.
miss you big head -.-
Doing a collab video with an awesome YouTuber! :D
searching for my good old #wadsworthanthology for a little theatrical reading...
hopefully that was easy enough? Welcome
": Make someone smile today: "A word spoken at the right time is like gold apples on a silver tray."(Prov.25:11 HCSB)"
Mhmm :) im the last person to write and yeah I thought angle would pick Forrest but I don't mind :)
Black-eyed peas for dinner tonight, here's to a lucky 2012!
Kick it on the beach and just
just voted....GOOD LUCK MEOW
RT if you are 110% IN LOVE with
#ThoughtsAtWalmart im hungry
Eh he's off the ice now. Just Frolik, Olsen Leddy & Kitchen left.
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Blake Griffin
IDK where they are from, but there is a sect of Europeans that wear the worst, most hideous jeans. Kinda like our Ed hardy or true religion
1 month of unlimited tanning for $25 at UTan in Madison. For details go to www.dealoria.com
Work forced me into that CO - SF move in 2008 and I said no. Suffered for a bit because of it, but no regrets.
lol you just described my past nights in btown.... To the T
Our Easter hours are 8:30 am-3 pm. Hop on by for a Lavender Hot Chocolate or Veggie Powerhouse.
let me find out u got Ur (come get me dress on) lol
Gronkowski was open but he went to Danny Woodhead instead. TOUCHDOWN Patriots. Patriots lead 10-9.
Niggas Love To Discredit Iverson. 3x Leader in Steals But Niggas Saying He Cant Play D..dats impossible in the NBA BTW
do you mind following me && your welcome <3
Had a difficult time climbing the stairs to get up to my apartment. Quad day was a success.
Thanks. My husband called support line/all was taken care of. Still my statement about how long it takes to pickup a part...
Has anyone seen Tenure? Great movie.
So... The Avengers may be the best super hero movie to date...
Im 19 years young and things arent getting any better.
We see that, but oddly the transaction did not process. Can you delete your reply buy and reply buy again? Sorry.
Thanks for the promo!
gotta love xs :)
Listen to an idiot, you become an idiot! It's that simple really! Be wise about where you get advice from! ;-)
Thanks for stopping by Down to party with us Saturday Night brotha! DJ Greg Pic -djgregpic.com
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
To a pop A&R, the 2012 equivalent of "If, I, Should Stay" - Is the opening piano bars of Adele's "S'one Like You" must hear it 3 times a day
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
I'm not saying his shirtless profile pic was old but he was wearing a pilgrim's hat and churning butter.
she must have been at that Shell with the messed up pump huh? Damn glitches. knows abt those discounts.
Great interview with #BoJackson, but now I'm 25 minutes late to work.
i love how ppl says they will always be their for you but none of them are ever their when you really need them lol...
Just now watching the epic halftime show. Madonna always brings it. She is so amazing!!!
Pacers won.
The Dos Equis guy says "stay thirsty" ....horrible advice because now guys are trying way too hard lol.
Just signed up for a Vyew account. Which do you like?
RT : #WFFConf12 "A lot of people have gone further than they could because someone else thought they could." D.DeHaas
:) I like Mafs! It's cool xD
Wear your Halloween costume to the library today and come enjoy spooky stories...Story times are 9:15, 11:15, and 2:15.
that was Ralph from Happy Days!!
Yes. I got my contacts in. Soon happy. Lol
Omg "Take Me Home Tonight" has to be the best movie of all time! topher grace is so cute!(:
Networking on the Cape tonight, interesting people and great deep dish pizza at Chicago Pizza
We exault Your name<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
email us at
Happy Birthday
Painting my nails <3
Everyone please introduce yourself, your biz, your website and blog address
": Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory."
RT : Ariel Pink video still up on maybe for another day...George added some great psychedelic pulsing.
Intuitive leadership is a complicated combination of thinking, acting and influencing
thanks, I'll check out the other tracks in due course
This looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
": I keep the cat inside not to protect the birds, but to protect the cat from coyotes..." As everyone should.
thanks for following!
LOL HILL STILL CALL YOU IT BUT HOW IS IT REALLY SPELLED
You're too kind! :D
aww it means you only live once... Lol
would've been fun to see you use it. that's a fun thing you guys are doing on the live show. love it. #dropword rules :)
800 Degrees is good, so is Bibigo, Native Foods, the Stand, and Five Guys opened for the first time 3 hours ago.
That awful moment when your toes are so cold right before you go to bed, but you hate wearing socks to bed so your basically
Don't lie about who you are to get him to like you because chances are he will hate you, if he ever finds out the truth.
Last chance to grab those Tickets! RT this post with #DealSaverSac and you will be entered to win! 8 minutes left!
Likewise! RT Great job tonight! It was good to see and work with you again.
": Okay i really like him <3 nobody know but me! #andthatshowitsgonnastay" I know right?
big happy birthday shout out to the homey aka second half to Usual Nonsense. Hope you turn #dreamsintoreality this year.
you have no time for me anymore...you'd always ask me to go outside.... i did. i never wanted both of us to be alone...but you have friends.
Thanks for the follow Paul
Adore that movie. :)
Thought about it, but then I figured I didn't want a video of me frowning and skipping floating around the internets.
Just gave away $490 with Beat The Buzzer!! Your next chance at the cash is happening at 3pm!
Goodmorning H.Y.I.F
Paul George
My girl graduates today :)! Proud of you
RT FPA CEO Marv Tuttle announces that he will retire from FPA in June 2014. Has strategic plans he will drive over next 2 yrs
do your thing
Idaho gave me my first minor frostbite yesterday. Thx Idaho.
Canada's not too far from us actually
can u give us a hint??
BREAKING; Goodell forces Saints to take Tebow
also clearly new ground on capabilities, realities, and expectations for 'VTC's
I want to keep all the money, but my mother is making sure I don't. Lol.
Tomorrow chats w/ comedian ! Tune in at 11AM CST on www.uctcradio.com
I'm ungrounded!!! Lets do something this week!
So sick of drama, fuck the world!
if aint douched in years u r #undateable lol
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 22
PHOTOS: Nature imitates art - MetroWest Daily News
Have I thanked you here for listening lately? Nope, so thanks for listening!
#Fridaythe13th let's get weird
Because I really, really, REALLY want you to follow me.
Big day for #Zionsville Community Schools. We hear from both sides of the referendum debate...and a teacher set to lose her job w/a NO vote
Yes! If I can get off puppy duty tonight, Candy and I are going. Not sure about Tony. I'll ask him.
Why are you still in my Timeline? I unfollowed you!
Yea that blows!! Wut r u doin this Saturday? We r playin at an Irish Pub... guaranteed to get TWISTED!
When who & what you can be, becomes more important than who & what you currently are... you're life will change forever.
Up and at 'em for Gladiator Games!
My mother knows how to make everyone in the room feel uncomfortable....
Find the Best Deals on the web! The best FREE tool on the web to find deals on all products compare prices against all major shopping...
#20ThingsAboutMe; 8. I lose friends easily but it isn't hard for me to gain new ones.
they r mine
Don't be in a rush to drop music. Take your time with it. FYI!
But don't forget we have another study taking place this Thurs. Retweet to your friends!
idk some of the stuff u say here seems different from inteviews Ive watched n y the negstuff with ur dad?u didnt like it done2u
I'm just sayin, I've faked so many orgasms, I have more invisible children than Kony.
Home from Peyton's Acting/Modeling/Dance Showcase...She gave me EXACTLY what I wanted for Mother's Day..made me the proudest mommy in th ...
": Today when I saw you, I wanted to slap you in your face. With a brick." oh snap harsh!!! Lol ;P
I Cant Make You Love Me.
Good morning! Happy #FF to you all!
heat person please come soon. one of my cats just licked me and her tongue stuck to my hand.
wish you were here with us!!!
since no one is reply...ill gladly say that i am :D
Running out of time to pay the IRS? payUSAtax can help. Pay your taxes with a credit card today!
ha ha lol why u tellin the truth though! I'm watchin it right now
I miss him too. He was so damn good.
Nice to meet you too! Nice pic, where are you located? :)
Doubt that Surly beer would actually make it to Boston!
thanks for the shout out!
lol typo! great site btw, love the idea! our system could be very beneficial for getting your idea out. PM us a email for info.
Happy Monday #Cleveland!!
well right now I can't think of a come back lol
A. Tommasini's recent NYTimes article on opera vs. musical theater has already been mentioned twice. Guess I have to read it now.
“: 100% bid acceptance isn't crazy .. it's just a sign you're doing #dynamicrecruitment”
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J. Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
Girl calls from jail. I ask what was she arrested for? Answer "I think an undercover Cop grabbed my Boob". Again why? He wouldnt let go.
The Michael Jordan commercial gets me every time!!
I know you are! Get me these records. Rico sent me some tracks a few days ago that are fire!!
This is the same LeBron we've seen before in the postseason. He's not a closer!
I love my city yo. I can't wait to go back.
I thought we told each other everything. apparently not...
Signed copies of #Shiro available at Sakura Matsuri this weekend.
Phrase of the day: "ICT enabled, not ICT driven"
Going to work my ass off this wk and wknd (hopefully), so that I can have Valentine's Day all for myself. <3 me and my bffs
#ThankYouAlex For everything you do !!!
I tweet, therefor I am.
Literally have done nothing the last two days but take care of my best friend & watch movies. More than okay with it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
WHAT DO I GOTTA DO TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME?? :o)
": Whoever dies with the most money, possessions, and power...still dies. It's an empty ambition."
awh! But it's good! It's amazing to see who actually plays Elmo!
What Bill did was Absolutely amazing!
Feels so good to put my feet up.... Ah maybe a bubble bath is in order tonight:)
that is WAY too funny. Thanks for making me laugh.
thanks love!
TY for the follow!
hope you enjoy Brandon
We both care about Augusta youth and that's the most important! It's not about us it's about the kids!
Everyday is going by so fast...
IISuperwomanII Invades BollyFusion Tonight @ The Empire!!! BollyFusion bringing the Hottest South Asian Events in NYC
craving starbucks so hard right now
I only speak that real SHIT ima write a book
awww thanks that is so sweet of you! :)
A comforting thank you to for taking measurements to do custom upholstered seating in the Homeless Coach!
Nice day can't wait to see the lovely later!
Way too soon - you should know that.
Cause she only know the songs from Take Care.
Missed a great meeting tonight for
Easy to make Cream Cheese: How to make Cream Cheese! by Zsuzsy Bee
Although those wishing for a full preview of can catch the show already Jan 13 - Jun 3, 2012
Watshing some classic matches from the mid 80's! This guy was naturally entertaining!
Lmao yea I need 2 laugh were u at ugly
My big fat american gypsy wedding is on next. I gotta get my gypsy on.
THANKS for the RT! :)
you could tweet them or email them, they always DM me so either way
hope you are having a great day my BFF. I have to take Terry to V.A.Hospital today. Luv and Hugs
Highly engaged employees are 87% less likely to leave their organizations than highly disengaged employees (2004 Corp Exec. Board study)
sometimes I wonder why my best guy friend had to get married. Why do the good die young????!?!?! T_T
Whether for a home or business, Thompson's Clean Team has the equipment and skills to fully clean all types of carpeting.
My new goal in life is to not care about keeping up w/ the Jones & to just enjoy myself & my money will still roll in, just gotta work more
Just something to brighten up the room as well as my life.
Did she do any skin scrapes?? Oh...and what is ur fave everyday drink??
That's exactly what I ended up getting! I make people jealous with my superlong battery life!
What a douche.
about to go eat some yummy Mexican food!! :)
Followed new tweeps, FBs always appreciated. If you are Red Sox fan, qoute, tweet truth, news,or just real from the heart follow I may FB
Stop by the Championships on Sat. to see our Team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydrated!
Thanks, Amy, for the comment and RT!
DukeCityTrucks thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Puerto Rico has been in a recession for 6 years
What a beautiful morning. #Colorado #Weather is great this time of year.
Looking forward to reception with tonight. Of the many programs my dad created, he said he was proudest of Legal Services.
Congratulations !!! See you in July!
Almost time for Boot Camp! Getting a good Pre-Workout meal in so I can Work Out with you guys!
My mom love instant tickets
I did bro broo
I miss Clair bear
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up, I'm never going to leave so put your hands up. If you like me, then say you like me. :)
Oh awks... I never called u back... my b :/ lol
Jump right in - answer a question from to be entered to win a great giveaway from
LMAO,tell em I said, I DO WHAT I WANT!Lol
bitch might merk me before her album drop
Watched "One Day" last night. Well that was depressing! #WatchNow NO!
Get ready
I don't want to know why I found a crumpled up paper towel in the stacks
Thanks for visiting!
just questioning trust.. and the people in my life.
A lovely day in #chicago comes to a close. Are we sure this isn't Colorado?
I have horrible bedside manner, maybe because I'm not a doctor and hospital patients don't like strangers...
ty you rock!!!
There is a mean girl at the park bugging my girl. I feel my momma bear coming out...grrrrr
Starting a new job !! HELLO Mary Kay <3
. Thank you so much for the signed bookmarks and bookplates, friend. How nice of you to send these. I passed them out to readers!
thanks for the follow! I will look forward to you and tweeting from Chicago.
you're really pretty x
It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will. What about you?
Yes they're having a "get some jumpers up" party at Koch arena.. 9 PM-until....RT : Anything going on in Wichita tonight?
Wonder why people act like they care about you when something happens but when you out of sight you definately out of mind
i wonder what hipster djs will try to remix 2pac to? dinosaur jr., joy division, joy division might work, bjork? i wonder
Long Island Medium.
go play in the snow!
The Notebook>>>
waited a bit too late.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
what channel was it on?
I'm glad you called! Luff yew <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : Having a bad day? Call up one of your good friends and make their and your day better <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
#IbizaSaturdays EVERYONES FREE! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Paying to be in a contest and paying to perform are no where near the same. Smh.
Just saw and it was amazing. I had several moments of tears but what a great love story based on a real couple!
ah I just realized I haven't wished you a happy birthday yet! Have a great one!
Thanks so much for mentioning us.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
go Nick go! (my attempt at motivation)
just got in some more Zym! we have berry and lemon-lime. come get yours!
because you're so high on it???
Catching Up With the Director of the Met
MUCH LOVE TO ALL OCCUPIERS! Stay peaceful. The world is ready and watching!
Thanks for the tweet - did you mean to include a link to a video?
A string of miserable interactions that required me to be a lot more mature and careful than I care to ever be.Yesterdaysucked
Ok, after a pleasant morning reading (and retweeting) news, I have about 18 hours of grading to do! (sound of whip cracking)
Cosentino: Be diligent with your notes. Many firms will scoop them up after the interview and use it as a data point.
What's up Boston? How's it going? Things feeling a bit tense? #AreRedSoxNewMets fb
We're loving this tweet! and you Candice! “: Loving this app! ”
Re: Surrey Earworm from yesterday - caught myself singing "I'm just a girl who can't say no". Send help.
SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. That's our motto! Deals coming soon that give back 10% to #Nonprofits in #Albuquerque #Rio Rancho #Santa Fe
Class is in session...sharing great strategies & #ArtistaTips with my group!
Anybody I know playing Folklife? A colleague is looking for writeup recs.
confused, lost.. you name an emotion and I'm prob that besides happy :((
I will check that out
I WANT!! save me some for sunday!! lol xD
When you have a story to tell you must know the right time to tell it!
Congratulations you guys and the to the newest addition to AV Archives! :) We'll expect her at 9 on Monday.
I won't be the one falling for it
With exit polls showing extreme voter indifference, the #GOP nominee will most certainly emerge as a damaged candidate.
Beautiful day for the metro to run on time. 20 min early to a meeting and enjoying every min of it
Come see Irish films B'Gosh and Begorrah with the family at the Western Branch on March 17th at 2pm. Call 282-4639 for more information.
Aw, that's unfair.
Today is a beautiful day! Things are going great, I am so blessed.
#astdalc will cop cannalbolize local membership?
Oh okay. I just logged into my twitter and was so excited that I had a notification. My day = now ruined :/
Play our lead singer in words with friends "662aaron662"
Smoking ls all the time my mind must be fried
Loved the 49ers win over of the Saints and I'm loving the Denver/Patriots game! Go Patriots!!!
same, bored!
We're back: just in time for today's beautiful weather. Doesn't it make you want to begin planning your fall garden?
my birthday is in 4 days ^_< f*** I'm getting old o.o
Hi Matt, wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in a contract UI position in Philadelphia?
Some people spend their entire life looking for happiness. It's a hard thing to come by so when you find it you work hard to keep it!!
Trying to get rid of the underscore in , twitter wont do username support anymore, any suggestions..?
sweet dreams ... bye
rumors saying you leaving... say it ain't so
I just want everything to be all right....
The City Insight is coming to a city near you, even if you are not in the Triangle area of North Carolina... stay tuned!
Protect me from my sins
Would love to co-host a wine tasting when you guys open up!! Can't wait to check it out!
Are you a worker worried about your job or the turmoil at the company? or know an employee how is? Direct Msg me please!
girl ya boy is ridiculous! lmao
me wants :]
of course your sister would say that..all sisters say that. and i think he was having a bad day, no worries
I always thought DR would kick all other anchormens asses.
canntt wait to be with you tonight!!!!!!!!!!
Watching and its interesting how they only talk about #spurs when something goes wrong for them..
Can you charge an iPhone with an iPad charger? Or will it hurt the phone?
Wow! He was a great man and I'm happy I was able to feature him in my book.
did u enjoy my dance moves?(;
Hey Lucie! Glad to see you're still blogging away. ;)
,you may try to stop me from reaching my goals but the goals has been set with 200 showes . YouTube stand up to all fans love comment on
congrats!! :D
FAV BAD GIRL FROM THE BAD GIRLS CLUB CAMILLA hands down she took over & stood up for herself
aw. valentine's.
I hate being on probation. I believe I only have one more year. Woot. Haha. Hate this place!
No school!!!!! :D storm in new york
All you have to do is send that number over. I'll make sure it's all taken care of.
I'm chunky and I know it!!
It certainly can be a minefield, although I feel like folks can sometimes overcomplicate : )
Hey, I'm fine thanks for asking. What about you? (:
Mom n Pop businesses, local start-ups can compete with global giants thanks to social media tools. Is your business using them effectively?
RT Be careful what u wish for..cause when u see it in front of u with your own 2 eyes..u mite have a change of heart
i hate dogs...
I'm hungry for real.... Like I need some substance...
Yeeaahh. Think I'm going to go back to sleep. :)
I've got my grocery list ready just in case haha
Thank you to everyone for all your wonderful birthday wishes and lovely messages for Friday! I have amazing friends! You guys made my day xx
you never text me anymore! #goodnight (:
yay! and i meant that literally: i still prefer asking twitter to searching google. more fun.
if that would make you feel better, then yes we can. Lmao :P
15% off your next order! Enter coupon code "AlmostHalloween" on your cart page. Ends 10/25/10 http:/www.goodrock.com
you're so far away :(
I think I'm dying from imported monster
In 1898 Louisiana Invented the "Grandfather Clause" other states soon followed. Look it up if you are thinking about NOT voting
ha, that is too funny;-)
Along with the semester fee increase?
I love that idea. But curious how to handle "API Versioning" with that concept /cc
Thank you, you're awesome!
i highly suggest getting something out .By the way dont forget to take your Bible!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you 's little sister? No, I don't know a Lindsey.
I remember dudes basically driving from their back seat bumpin Sprinkle Me..bass more expensive than their camry lol
Who's ready for some #Rice #football?! Come join try some of the St. Arnolds' Centenni-Ale and cheer on the Owls!
If the Blues are gonna score, why can't my Blues score?? Just asking!!
It is once again baseball season and all is right with the world
RT : Jordan hill will fill in nicely. First round we will be fine. If it was vs Memphis id be concerned<<part2 :
Wat Im I gonna do today?
yes, one more hour!
Really enjoying my first walk to work in 2 weeks. Now how do we keep DC this cool and pleasant for the rest of July?
21 days holy shit that's a long time
Sounds like you found a workaround? But I'll still take a look at that stack trace + OperationContract if you'll post it.
wow u should have taught her first on how not to get caught jk
This bitch is wit that shit this Am...bitch!
I need these nails soaked off
Watching "Sneakers" with Mac...love me some Robert Redford! =)
well dang it! I'm sorry I missed it:( inappropriate lolz are my fav.
Difference is the while still a do-acracy, it's based on what you do for DrupalCon, not Drupal or d.o. It relies on volunteers.
we're excited to work with you! Thanks for stopping in today :-)
man its gon be a snowball effect g you gon see!!!!! watch what i say
-covers eyes-
This is really crazy.
Guess what's happening tomorrow at 7:30pm HERE at Christ For The Nations?!
Now that the Minnesota #Vikings stadium bill has passed the MN House, the bill moves to the senate. The vote will be held tomorrow
Police believe that gunshots fired at the home of a local attorney are related to the shooting of his colleague in March....
Heads up mobile dev students - MTC @ MDC club meeting today 4 pm, Wolfson 7128. See you there!
I want to be in LA so bad right now..
someone to Kum home to hold the fort down
RT : #Productivity Fact: An uncluttered workspace increases your ability to focus on the task at hand.
a noun is a word that denotes other words that denote people, places, things or ideas got that's dry and pedantic. Just kill me now
Your welcome lol
That awkward moment when you run into that one girl who hates you ...
Drinks are on the House, I'm hopin'?
“: Thank you!! Hope to see you Saturday!! #Countdownto30” you will most certainly will! Can't wait!
oh Cortez...you're such a killer
"The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love."
agreed. People should be able to marry whoever makes them happy
So riled up just because i was talking to you. Now i cant sleep. Ah.
small world, Maria....half my friends went to Notre Dame. Fingers crossed for all...
Going out for a walk..
I brought lager with me for byo. I'll hook you up.
Hey, 6PM church bells, give it a rest.
all five are grown and it was wonderful! We are going out to AZ May 11! Can't wait!
yayyy! haha I know I remember (:
Big thanks for tweeting!
"that woman knows what to do" observations with
Just getting my boo from work!!! :)
there is more to it if u have not heard by now-will just say personal situation. News is only saying it's an "isolated" incident.
wait, is "it's the remix" the actual title of this song?
yep. 6th grade. Man, I can't remember who teacher was. Wow, almost 30 years ago. Crazy isn't it?!?!
I'm soory. I can't imagine what that's like for you girls and your Mom. :-(
Bitch I'm, bitch I'm From Cleveland.
I freaking need to dye my hair. This shit is fading FAST!
#iq2atheism Come on! Twitter's not deleting or censoring, trending topics don't stay there forever. Logic? Reason? Really?
just came back from #DarkShadows. As a person who has never heard of the show before this movie, it was pretty cute. Better than
This is why the Dolphins got ride of him. Drew Rosenhaus and he's demands are crazy!
Preparing for your #finals? When taking notes, in class or while doing a reading assignment, construct your #study guide at the same time.
California Love. <33
I upgraded 2 phones yesterday. One took 45 min the other over 2 hours, almost all backup time :(
Im richs older more mature brother. RT : are you guys related?
but of course
Why won't cats just leave me alone. Why are they constantly asserting cat privilege.
Only 10 follwers shy of 100! Can you get us there?
Mike Maker on Hansen after #KYDerby "We didn't have the best horse...we weren't good enough."
Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love. ~RT
thank you! :D
It's National No Socks Day! Summer is on it's way kick off your shoes & let your feet enjoy some freedom.
“: May your pockets be heavy,Your heart be light, And may good luck pursue you,Each morning and night~Irish Toast”
“: CHRONICLE = Annoying high school punks use "The Force". One of the worst films I've seen” Maybe there'll be a sequel! Yikes.
Don't forget about the UMKC Composers' Guild tonight at White Hall - 7:30
yep! we play at 6 pm
#FF for your chance to Win a #Free VIP ticket to help save kids with cancer on May 1 at !
We are always happy to help. Service above self!
good work man - looks awesome
Somebunny knows! RT : So excited for today's #crawfishboil at ! Who else is going?
the new vimeo looks like it has some nicly embdded social features. i'm looking fwd to feeds. Whaddya think
I know you think I'm just a parking lot attendant sitting out here, but I parked in the GM's spot this morning so I'm kind of a big deal.
If you are not watching it, turn on the Iona/BYU game. Some crazy stuff going on in this game
Creed walks into a bar...there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny. BURN!!
Out to brunch!
mar vista, the neighborhood between culver city & Venice. it's dull. cc has no nightlife & Venice/ SaMo is too expensive!
Check out the mixtape the link is on my profile let me know what's poppin
hey thanks! I am showing my collage art at Bottle Cap on Powell for the month of May and June.. Come check my work out!!
we need to buy our tickets
ha word. How'd your shoot go?
El Dooque encourages all the LAtin ladies to "Tap-a-tio" (Bang a guy)
Be strong. I voluntarily explored there Spotify page this morning.
my vision is blurry ~.~
That's great news! Thanks for being such a champion for women's rights.
And now: "TWELVE REASONS ... why ladies should be educated for the practice of medicine among their own sex and children..." (1857)
CNN obviously is owned by an anti-Paul corporation but on the non-corp web you are a TRUE LEADER of the PEOPLE!
On April 1, 213 homeless DC families were in motels; 273 at DC General; 148 in temporary shelter; 308 on the shelter waiting list.
nice to chat with you as well!
Babe Ruth's favorite radio show was "The Lone Ranger".
The best place to start is USF PRSSA. You can drop by my office if you want to chat.
thank you based Javi
17.6% of facebook pages belong to local businesses.
lol I just hit a homerun with david wright!! I'm killing the nats!
very true
Your fresh ideas maybe your future
On the way to Charleston SC for staff meeting. 1 day only. Not going to have enough time to enjoy one of their amazing restaurants. :'-(
Done and Done boys!!!
The moon is huge! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009D>
too many dope tv shows for you to unsubscribe
A strong independent woman whouldn't asc a man to do anything for her that sue chouldn't do for herself
That would be Valois--"See Your Food" The Original House of Pancakes is also delicious!
yeah. I bought that but its too complicated. I use mixcraft.
RT if you watched Valentine's day just to see Taylor Swift. I did :)
Getting ready to go the Washington Freedom and DC United Double Header. I hope the thunderstorms miss the stadium.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 27
Well thank you for making sure they did <3
Just because today is a terrible day doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life...You just have to get there.
oh and i got 2 words for you abel. FUCK YOU
Every week imma start my week off by sayin.....its some ugly ass people on dis campus
I do, too. It had so much potential.
Girl soccer players are sexy!;)!...hahaha
Yep. it was mine. 1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long. I'll have to edit though. #drydensocial 7000 pictures.
Is there ever a chance you could come to Virginia? I have a bunch of friends that wanna meet you too(: Please!!! <3 <3
getting deep bro
When the banquet rolls around in a couple weeks, tears will literally be streaming down my face. I love these people so much. <3
Wild berry lemonade from Wendy's is phenomenal
"Goodbye Wilson, it's been nice. Hope you find your paradise!"
Thanks, two Verlander starts definitely gave me a boost. I've been waiting on Cruz's power to break through.
Ol hot ass hair balloon head nigga Lol
Just finished the 16 miles on Ozaukee Interurban trail. This was awesome ! 50 degrees, very nice trail ...
Playing Galaga in class like a boss
little boy is funny he was eating something. I thought it was a booger. xD True that I have today and Sunday. I miss you!
Night of ghosties. Ghost Lab on DVR and Ghosthunters. Creepy. Not really.
The front #lawns of eight houses have the cooling effect of about 70 tons of
Can local governments ignore public health and safety to avoid the cries of "persecution" by the otherwise UNOCCUPIED?~D
Feeling pretty good today
no way missy...not while I'm alive!
After a full week of factory visits w we DESERVE this wkend in Macau!
Lundquist is amazing RT Credit where credit is due ... incredible save by Henrik
haha. Fuel cost loser for the airline. ;-)
Was reading Hal Foster's "Against Pluralism" essay this morning. I quit painting and then started again all in the space of a couple pages.
Bitchiness can be cured with a whole pizza and 1/4 of a chocolate cream pie... or slightly smothered as it were.
I heard people talk about immortality, but I ain't seen it.
YOUR GUYS ANNIVERSARY IS ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
That's awesome! Any suggestions for cool things to do or connections to make? Mandy says hello! (she has no twitter!)
I am through with 12% of Who is He to You by Monique D. Mensah
I can't believe the w4 bus i was on just hit a damn car.Metro is not having a good year at all.killings,shootings.just a bunch of neglect.
Who do you think was the biggest snub for the pro bowl this year??
I knew everyone would 4get tht 2day is my B-Day so far this is the worst B-Day ever
A person that truly loves you , will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is .
A TON of Evolve Spray Paint and an AK-47 for Christmas
i want you girl, and i need your body, right here. wont you teleport to me?
your forgiven :)
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
Ugh!!! I want to cut my hair off!
FOLLOW ME!! I can't dm you :(
In other words, it's the message, folks. Not the medium.
Now if my friends and girlfriend were on my baseball team. That a different story
Even if you don't agree with your girlfriend about a certain issue, it is still important that she is being respected, heard and understood.
where are you?
next week bro, I'm done with the semester, Monday afternoon? And I wanted be on a organ...
and other people trying to eat local. That's what inspired me. That and people who try to only by from Black businesses
I bought that, but then I couldn't help but buy 20 things from the "Users who bought this also bought..." list. :(
can you give me advice because next week I'm trying out for a crew and I'm nervous!
People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person
get the recovery ones. They work wonders
I'm up way too early on a Saturday.
#Np YG and Meek Mill - I'ma Thug
heyy i followed and your band and everything haha
Looking forward to hearing from you!
LOL... you guys have a good night... hve to edit some video...THAT I can do!! have fun
Well, technically, Truman wasn't RE-elected in 1948, since he became president because of FDR's dying in office.
Whole Foods has spare rib #HH tomorrow 5-7.
Miss you too cus, I'm good just staying busy. How are you big man?
well done!
Follow me? :)
Birthing class? ;) Or something else? You deserve some kind of wholesome snack, stat.
exhausted but still awake working hard
That bowl of Lucky Charms hit the spot.
I love my bf . Hes the greatest ever and I wouldnt trade him for nothing :)
praying for you guys!
Yes! I couldn't wait for season 2 though, so have already watched. Everyone is in for a treat :)
I came to the BBM campout from Chicago, with a broken arm! Life long Cats Bball fan... BBN stretches to Chi-town!
GM thanks for making the World GLOW with your message.
There's a difference between holding down the fort and charging into battle ;)
It is quite time consuming....
It was pretty hilarious. ;-)
i wanna buick ..so i can b ridin like shaq
Did you find the Matthew Luke Sandoval version of "Samson"? If not, I can get it to you; just PM me!
First time @ #HillsideFarmacy. Great place for glass of wine, oysters or small plates! Staff is oozing hipness, as is the music.
Being able to write melodies is one of the joys of music. Such a satisfying experience. :)
Hey people! You no how ppl call bieber fever ?! What about a name for hmm loving that(:
What's to trip over Android having instagram? Must not have anything else better to complain about.
Great profile pic and background.
My aunt had her baby early this morning! 11/11/11 :D
I totally agree. With the snails pace the golf industry moves at, get used to white
A rainy, cold, late-October-like weekend in Portland: in other words, it's been a good couple days to sit around reading submissions
They need a band-aid where you take it off and it doesn't hurt!
Wednesday, August 17, is BMV Discount Day at the Indiana State Fair. You will be admitted to the fair for half price ($4) by clicking this..
Seriously doubt it...lol Roof Roof!! RT : Maybe next time he'll think before he cheat
#ImSickOf waiting, and trying!
I didn't offer it cuz it wasn't very good, and I didn't want u to taste that.
#HighDesertStaffing seeking exp courier/mailroom candidate w/a clean driving record and good credit. Call 881-3449 today, start tomorrow.
Rapp: Seinfeld, Topic: The Doctor ??? Yall are havin way too much fun!
Ur welcome": thank you (:"
I love all my followers that have followed me now after 2 days and to the person that hacked my last account I don't need it because Im a :)
Q: We all know that a viola is better than a violin because it burns longer. But why does it burn longer? A: It's usually still in the case.
Attempting to function on 3 hours of sleep is no way to attempt anything...
The Spurs Big Three go back in the game with 3:51 left. Pop wants to wrap this one up.
I know you are, but what is Madison?
#whosgonnalose - Kansas City at Cincinnati - Kansas City will lose
A lot of people sounding off about Facebook buying Instagram. What say you, people of the Internet?
That was my daughter's favorite moment in the movie, bar none. It's a good 'un!
Also, how does the census know we have no dogs at our apartment??
Although a moving company provides liability insurance on items it moves by the pound, it might be wise to purchase additional insurance.
clearly I was wrong about a lot of shit in my life
are your colleagues reluctant to sign up for Twitter? Kindly and gently offer to guide them through the steps. Show them the possibilities!
Odd. Why does #Zotero escape HTML in memo fields? E.g., <p>&nbsp;</p>. Yech! Any reason not to use #XML and #namespaces?
We will be on Check please this Friday! Make sure to tune in and check us out..
*gasp*! how long? is in Thurs - Sun. mini #usguyS Get together? eh? eh?
never seen any such tweet or account...but have seen about a dozen of yours complaining about it ;)
Thanks for sharing my posts and spreading the word about the Buddy Bike!
Never mind results q. Re-read your tweet ;). Fav fat is ??? Love avocados, evoo, and coconut. Not together of course.
“: Students blasting gospel music during silent work time. "TURN THAT OFF!!" "How can you deny Jesus??!"”
Some actors get distracted by 'friends' or 'some success', the ones who make it to the top, keep their eye on the prize. The big prize.
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE =] I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS PLUS HES SEXY =P
done early for the day - have a great summer weekend and remember to protect those eyes with sunglasses!
RT : Get Excited! 47 Days until #NABJ12 in NOLA! 11 days until rates increase by $170. Register Today!
Elfman's score was an Elfman score. swelled when needed swelling, etc. a Tim Burton film is always a Tim Burton film
almost time to say goodbye to #Community, #30Rock, and #ParksandRec as shortened final seasons next yr is #NBC code for cancelled …
Thrilled: is coming to , not thrilled: writing colors on signing line tkts makes me ? how to spell citrus
I love you
Welcome look forward to watching you connect with your parents & students
let Silvy know Sunda is outstanding
You're looking gorge, Dougster.
Okay, Community, I finally get you. You deconstructed not just sitcoms, but my heart.
on way to school.. Back kills D:
After reading tweets tonight he has become one of my favorite players... Even wore my socks high tonight in my co-ed softball game
I couldn't do it :/ meh! I'm on my way to San Diego ;)
yup im not a cubs fan! pay up for fantasy
is someone sponsoring your tweets now?
I get that daily message that my Inbox is over its limit. I wonder if I can get under the limit by just deleting over-limit notices.
it's been one day...
I hope Jerry Jones is watching this.
Thanks so much for mentioning The Bandee!! #GoTeamNice!
yes! You? I'm really looking forward to this con.
Just witnessed the wind blow down a street sign. Its a jungle out here.
Happy mothers day to all the moms today
Crowdsourcing gamers best computers on protein folding
with rockin on deck
Hope you like it at least lol
7-14-83 (Not MSW) Georgia Wrestling fans were shocked to find their favorite TBS show replaced by WWF. Dubbed Black Saturday.
2 more nights with Nicholas Payton at Jazz at the Bistro in St. Louis. He's breaking in our new (old) Fender Rhodes tonight!
I'm craving a corndog.
All NBA playoff basketball is fixed, plain and simple.
it was awful, and yeah i do! im jealous that you feel fresh as a daisy
Thank u<333
Aw shucks!
hi! Glad to see you on twitter! I miss you and Simba
#genomesolver laurel anderson from ohio wesleyan at curenet meeting discussing EREN: ecological research as education network
Wearing my Faith in Black Riding Boots to keep my toes nice and warm! It is freezing outside!
discovering new songs and feeling warm and fuzzy inside. know what i mean?
Had a great day ...going surfing in Malibu tomorrow. Gonna catch some waves at Zumba Beach. Nighty night tweethearts! love love love
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” You'll figure it out. Shit gets better with age.
Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV and Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios - Hollywood.
4 Wanted: I will trade a pair of climbing irons, 2000 foreign stamps & a pair of roller skates for a banjo KS1891
DON'T DISQUALIFY ME BECAUSE I'M TRYING TO MAKE ME HAPPY AND GET MY LIFE TOGETHER I WAS THERE FOR YOU NOW I NEED THE SAME
HAPPY BIRRRRTHDAYYYYY! hope its a good one (:
Now there is a penguin that is limping! So sad
Peace, Love, Elks.
The Boston Tea Party happened on December 16th, my birthday. No wonder why im such an anarchist!!
I hope that you are okay! I love you. And one day Brock dies...:) I know thats mean, but your my fav and that was not ok..:)
Thanks so much for sharing your stories with us from the weekend, we are so encouraged by them, we would love to keep hearing them!!!
Ok, ima go eat and study
I have been too busy today to tweet about Schmutz Wednesday or to get #schmutzwednesday to trend. I feel like such a failure.
. asks "Can America Still Compete?" YES. #JOBSAct cuts red tape for #entrepreneurs, #Startups. Senate votes TODAY.
Oh man, this looks like something I should totally assign the next time I teach princess culture.
floor lamps ikea
enjoy your weekend, it was so nice having you at Think!
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ french fries, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
We are strange and complicated creatures.
"Hubris of the tour"-- we can't make people go in a specific path.
Taking two small children thru Pier 1 is an art, not a science. It is also probably a sign of insanity.
Never put your foot in your mouth too far, chances are you might have to eat crow or shit to follow LOL
Just finished filming my editors letter for ! So glad that's over with!
nvm it's not even in the store yet
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.- Muhammad Ali
Hear you All White party was rocking. Happy belated Bday!
Thats fine, if joe agrees to be up at night with him RT : missing a sweet 16 game unacceptable, multiple naps during the day
house! An actual cd, postal mail...party like its 1994!
Nothing sounds more appetizing in the morning than squeezing grapefruit juice from his grapefruit through his unwashed hands...
Don't neglect the fine woolen socks. Many book-themed disguises are given away by an inferior sock.
Thanks for Bio-acoustical sensor item, sensor innovation and processing miniaturization >>> real-time health monitoring soon
Fit Nitch is a company that shows someone a way to balance Health and Wellness, while giving them an opportunity to earn an extra stream of
Tested new drillers cups. Same size as last years, but the dogs definitely shrunk.
I guess this roach will have to do, nothin left in my doobie ashtray.
Why? Because it Everything Thing About You! ;) <3
Conceivable that Downs runs away with closer role?
I got a bowling ball in my stomach. I got a desert in my mouth. Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now.
Brew time=
ashton martin music will forever bump.
People like you should be exterminated.
Yay! Keeping us fed, bum leg and all! Thanks, happy tweeters here tonight!
RT :#dead RT :Man fuck the jimmy fund b .That nigga jimmy been gettin funds since I was 9, he's clearly healed
$3.3 Trillion of Paul Ryan's $5.3 trillion in budget cuts come from Medicaid, Pell Grants, Food Stamps, and Job Training. -
Light painting experiment #2 was a huge success
too late. Been celebrating it and thanking God for it every day.
do you know of any in LA?
the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting. also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.)))
Whut's good Doc, been a minute.... POOF!!!!
goin' to make some black beans, goin' to eat some tacos.
I am feeling so sick right now but knowing #boyfriendVideo is coming out I'm cheered up..pleasee justin notice follow me :(<U+2665>
Your bumper stickers says #sharetheroad mine says quit driving your #motorcycle like an idiot
was wrong for that. Poor
Haha. Exactly my point. RT : I saw 19-0 with a parade going down Chippewa to end it
I hope you won't be hacked!
If you want to see a lot of tourists in NYC, get on the downtown R train. They pile on at 49th Street. Watch and listen.
I have to say I'm lovin Level Up :D Honestly a gr8 show that never fails to make me laugh!
Heh. Romania! That's practically where I grew up. Sounds like a great time.
Old lady in The Wedding Singer
s/o to make sure y'all follow and connect with her
So wait... dropped 13 dimes tonight? PST makes a guy feel late to the party. Nice triple double playa!
So true.Salary negotiations are business - you have to keep a very cool head!
Atrocious call on empty net goal -- linesman had arm up for offside! -- shouldn't obscure incredible goaltending by Grosenik.
Flyers West part
Good luck with your presentation! No doubt you'll be fantastic!
Lil Wayne took a break from watching the 2012 TPQ event in Florida last week and headed to the garage for a little skating session himself
love and other drugs
He just know if his phone went dead he should have called sumbody off his aunt or cuzin phone to let us know dat he got in safe ..
We are chillin in the green room with ready to rock this place
omission corrected
I'm just living life I can't complain! Nice to hear from u keep in touch!!!
Here's to hoping we both feel better soon. :)
Great to have your own
The return on your giving is never lost. It just waits for the right moment to come back with a big bang!—DJ (HAPY THX GIVN')
I think I missed the basis for your current rants.. What is the subject again.. It has something to do with Amazon I think.
The Goose schooling Todd Heap is hilarious.
(Hello & happy #ff! The #BA75Chat was good, some lovely thoughts re #mentors & #leadership.)
Thanks to everyone that came out to the Sex and the City I Event by Stay tuned for pictures and upcoming events.
Hi great to meet you:) look forward to your tweets!!
Just realized I am missing the Kardashian-Humphries wedding on E!..I'm way too upset about this
Heading out soon with some young scholars from Honeoye Falls. Let's see if they can spot a mermaid
morning homie make it a great day
Thanks so much!
In an Organization numerical goals & production standards can B meaningless if the system is flawed, yet nobody thinks of fixing the system
I'm awful and only have 4 colors. ^.^
EXACTLY! I've got better things to do. Like breathing. Or meowing at cats. #lolhopeless~
If a donor doesn't really want to give, it isn't usually about money, it's about trust in the organization, says
lol--it's eileen's fav
I don't care if you smoke or drink really, just don't brag about it.
I guess I know who I'll be running after
It's been a record month for #SPAM. Another day, another smut "follower." What sort of life form ...?
omg! I'm kinda nervous and excited haha. Me too! Have you been going to track practice?
heey melis how r u? :D
Drop us a line through our website!
Just about done protecting plants from the freeze/frost tonight. More work I've made for myself.
- Eggs. Ew. Hot sauce. Major ew.
All I want to do is download this damn Surfer Blood album on Amie Street but I continue to get errors. Balls.
Yep, totally the same way!!! lol
Rodgers does, however, take the first set 6-3.
GRAND. (: i miss talking to you D; . i fee like u dont like me wahhh! :'(
New flex book UnderstandingBiodiversity written by high school students for high school students.
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun
On set bright and early filming Lancia Car Commercial!!
Thank You!!!!
I WANT ONE NOW! lol
Girl, I gave her the side-eye of death. Don't be mad bc I don't need weave. Sheesh.
just glanced at my schedule and realized I DON'T have 20 scheduled that weekend, I have 17 and a 8-15K race. so it's a possibility.
thanks Lindsay you should be here w me, I am rolling solo
HASN'T THERE BEEN ENOUGH ATTEMPTED ORGAN-SHARING ON THE FACEBOOK
ima send you the tape round 4
Monday morning meeting, thank God for coffee :-)
We'll cook and do the dishes! Tonight's special is stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink for only $7+tax!
Welcome back Hoyas!
I'm feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> had an allergic reaction to a got damn bug bite
Time to turn off the laptop & fire up the range (if only it were an aubergine ). Dear is coming to dinner.
working, family activities, sprinkled with a little kicking it here and there. What about you?
good times for a thurs with the crew. Rocking some Joe Diffie! Door shut water on-BH
To celebrate #U2 playing in Baltimore tonite, how about #U2lyrics that apply to #print and #marketing? Use hashtag
I want nothing to do with coming home today.
we would need a #BillyDreamTeam for that haha
- I'm going to miss #Dalaric, too. Damon needs more friends, but none can compare to what he had with Alaric.
could you please follow ? he's a cool cat.
Okay, so if I told someone I'd call them "later," can I legitimately pretend that this doesn't mean I'll actually call today?
#FF = Food Fairies?
I cried when I saw how many toys everyone brought! Can't wait to deliver all these!!
Played ' new video in class today. Students loved it. Go higher learning!
Intelligent fans know that the lockout is not on the players right now. Even the media is clearly backing you guys.
plus the shopping! Did u know we are right across the street from most popular mall in U.S!
is it possible to over charge your phone ??
for hip-hop? Yes! Best known for Rick Ross "Mayback Music" series... and Justice's last album was kinda wack. Cross was the shit!
[We live. We learn. We grow] It is easy to get to the top after you get through the crowd at the bottom. -Zig Ziglar
drone journalism is totally the future!
Yessir! I have some shots of DWright, Jose Reyes, and Pagan warming up b4 a game last year. When do you need them by?
I know nothing about vehicles, but I love the british show #TopGear :)
RT : The Founding Fathers were smart &all but they forgot to cover what your rights are when spring break assholes take...
Thank you! Much appreciated. RT I am a fan! Thx:-)
Im I the only brit that doesnt know who one direction is O.o
What am I doin.? What am I doin.? Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin me, I'm doin me, I'm livin life right now man and that's what I'ma do ...
Oh man ... it was something to behold. ... just ask Daniel.
safe travels Brother Skip
I'm in a bad way, looking around the bar trying to see if anyone realizes what just happened. I'm a stunned face lost in a crowd.
Nice comeback for Dallas!!!
Sam: Noah are you alive. I want yo make sure your okay. The cat Got out
I just want to say I put that Gosling image in our Bathroom Reader and I regret it.
#ItsSadThat more people do not acknowledge that they are only silent because they will not speak.
Boy, Atlas Shrugged has been on for 10 minutes and it's already unbearably awful.
I hate rude teams.
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!(:
If you catch a reader's attention with a certain idea in the headline, don't lose them by introducing a completely different idea too soon.
Ellie got it for me! It's up to you to do the video now! I'm counting on ya! <3
I'm eating cereal
Watching sould surfer for the 5th time, never gets old!
#history #museum #historical Are you a book worm? Nevada talking book services comes out tomorrow!
I'll see what I can do, lol
So thankful for our awesome counselors Fred and Anna Kendall! and I had a great "pre-baby" session today
Blaise Pascal~ Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Austin & Ally need to confess their love for each other already!
Always be sobber when a bitch, come to your house, because you cant trust the hoes!! lol
Yes, the Gophers can beat Standford. However, if I'm wrong, nothing bad'll happen, so my opinion isn't valid.
Love women with ass but they name keep changing
Kobe is a great quote
#InstantTurnOn: iPod touches.
Thanks 4 having us out - looking forward providing gr8 product for ur gr8 teams - u have some gr8 players !
If you don't make mistakes you aren't really trying.
Love my 2 + hour voice/life lessons
#Boston #Worst #Deals www.boston.com switched a #Twitter account to & didn't tell the 1,000 followers
QoTD: "Life's simple. You make choices and don't look back." (Unknown)
NostraBarnesus? #UT hoop coach Rick Barnes says he was watching Cincy play yesterday and felt Bearcats would be UT's opening round foe!
"I hope, someday, somebody wants to hold you for twenty minutes straight and that's all they do."
Do u like or dislike ECW?
i'v been trying to eat healthy, then my Aunt treats me to Los Cuates LOL
Have arrived in Austin and looking forward to an enriching week.
NASA...out of this world...space....
Na not right now. Doing a lot of writing. Working on 3rd draft of screenplay. And 2nd of another one. That's about it right now.
well you just made my night :)
in school. HE GON LEARN TODAY!! PINEAPPLES!!
Bite your tounge. RT : Way too bright out way too early. Annoying.
Another great day in Austin (home again!) Will be visiting booth 1347 and booth 407
Haven't talked to sence Sunday but I hope she & work things out cuz u can't forget those 9 months <3
Today's tip: One way to monitor fitness progress is through regular body measurements. This will help track your progress (gain or lose).
Word!! RT : Women with hourglass figures tend to be more fertile.
this is the best New England weather, it makes me homesick
If it didn't seem so ridiculous, I would absolutely include my cardinal mug in my thesis acknowledgements. HE GAVE ME SO MUCH SUPPORT.
I am so thankful to be a part of such an amazing team!
Might not be going racing Saturday anymore...:( maybe next weekend
"If you go purely based on goals against, SKC has the best defense and RSL have the eighth best defense." MLS Message board facts
Go to utube and search "energetic-BoA" Japanese star but its in english yall. its so good.
at school we're making 1D bracelets(: all the $ goes to charity.follow if u wanna see pics! we have tons of fans at our school
I saw this quote in Susan Marx book on screenwriting, "People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up", do you agree?
Any time! :-) I hope all my books find excellent homes!
Chivas USA getting numbers behind ball, easily thwarting , who have to be lots quicker moving forward to break through.
Lights out I'm crashin' looking forward to dreaming #ilikethatalot -CheetoS
shit sitting in south Texas workin. Mantrose is good haven't been home much though
Sky is womb and she's the mmmoonnn
Amazing! RT “: The big GKY is showing your <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4> when <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF> on <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>Sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>, but you asked for new tricks"
Finally got my laundry card. I'll have clean clothes again! Hooray!
Who is ready for some football??
Wait, is that a plate of brownies?
"When I'm not a student I'm not as good a teacher" overheard at NYSAIS Experienced Teachers Institute
Soccer gets me goinn!
thanks for supporting my impromptu visit to UCONN yesterday!
Kevin Durant can't be stoped Harden or Ibaka
yes I run past that house all the time! It's AMAZING YEAR ROUND!
Amazing evening with family. Went to for a fantastic dinner followed by awesome coffee at along the lake.
ATTN:KC. I have some art that needs to be donated from Marcel Mobile Art Gallery. Would like it to go to an art charity.Must pickup in KC.
TB12 jersey is on! Let's get that MVP!!! Let's do this Patriots!!!!
Can I get an interview with him? RT : Someone I work with did it while bench pressing
I fail my Spanish exam . . .
MG Wheeler, Louisville #talentdividend Mayor Fischer working with Lexington on regional approach to advanced manuf jobs for newly degreed
love you too! (:
youur welcome love ( :
third to last palindrome day of the month today... put yo party hat on
Will do!
" March, march, march, march, march little robot...."
I'm on one knee holding black roses. I'm 20 years old. Enlisted in the air force. Will you take this invitation, and go on a date?
SIC Timmy the Owl T-shirts for sale at the Info Booth on Level 1. $15 first come first serve on sizes.
Have a safe flight! RT thanks for getting me from pb to near the airport
Rockin'! Can't wait to hear the final mix! #Twofantasticartistscollaborating = #greatmusic!
How did everything go?
Install a Whole-Home Water Filter System Today - Granular activated carbon media removes chlorine, tastes & odors Call Us Today
I know the feeling!! RT
When Chris came on the screen i screamed .
Who will be out at the Allstar Weekend show tonight? We'll be there promoting, come say hi!
or that, yes. Something not working 'til you show it to someone, and it works perfectly. To me, that's "technology." Hee, hee.
I can totally get used to this weather for Christmas.
Lucky!!!! Have fun!! Sucks that I can't watch it right now.
Tis the time...
Only one rehearsal in, and the cast already sounds amazing. =D
i have to say this. i really enjoy your insight. but hate the network you are on. plz go to
Looking 4 the #speedbusters segment 2nite? took a break. A great story on breast cancer awareness runs instead. C u next week!
Time to start this mess of a Friday
Nicole Kidman hits the bleach bottle again as she joins Zac Efron back on set ... - Daily Mail
I miss Citlaly D;
just booked the hotel and bought my tickets for DAYGLOW 2012!
My medical bill are outrageous and then those damn teaparty nutbags threaten the lives of those trying to fix it!
i hate people who think negative about EVERYTHING !
did you listen to poema yeeeetttt?? :)
that is right! Waaayy back
Do you remember where you were 10 years ago today when Dale Earnhardt lost his life at Daytona?
#SCNotTopTen Cleveland Browns take Brandon Weedon in the first round...
Good call. She'll probably work 0% of the time if I insult her.
to I sent u a message on fb a few weeks ago.
Wait. Drive By Truckers is tonight? ack!
The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
going to canada for tha weekend
Smile because you're the deer in the head lights
autoglasslocator.com is number 3 on google for the search term "windshierld replacement. Go to www.listyourshop.com to sign up today
Cool out for 2 minutes!
I wish I had a rock and write ' I miss you' on it then throw it at you. So you know how much I miss you.
Yeah buddy this this is poppin' .... Cream is already getting crazy like I said and its barely 11pm . Get here quick or you will be waiting.
Having I-94 closed this weekend was a pain... but I've got to admit it's really nice to drive on now.
I haven't been on in awhile, so vas happenin? ;D
FUCK YES! MUCH LOVE!!! : The names have been drawn.... and are going to on #CincodeMayo!
just got bitched up by my eye doctor at least i got new cute glasses
J.S. Edwards is open 11 am to 4 pm on Sundays. Free gift wrap
I'll be at Hyenas Ft. Worth Fri and Sat and Hyenas Dallas next Thurs, Fri, and Sat with Hit me up if you want to come!
Hello twitter world! Another gloomy; cold; rainy day here in Minnesota! Hope everyone is well, and has a great rest of the day.
Me:*sees white stuff on the floor* "Theres cocaine on the floor!" Mom: O_O
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Break a leg!
Kevin !! It's Nathalie .. Don't know if you remember me o; but dude it's been a while since we've talked :/ But hey lol :D
The school has been helped by several neighbors with clothes and toys donations. I want to thank All who has been helping us.
Annoyed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. Where is Christian Grey when you need him?
Desperately seeking where are you?
Last day of shooting on PLAYDATE.
Argue with fools and from afar no one can tell the difference.
Have any of u guys ever played a fuckin sport ? If someone hit you,you hit back. On a pitch or off it.Well done Joey
La Sengphet Becomes First Woman in History to Win Three Open Tournaments on WSOP Circuit
canon 60D so excited to use it!
lol he would sit all the way at the end of the bench with Eddy Curry
Started Run with at 12:25 PM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
i just downloaded her first session at daytrotter back from 2009 haha
I want to see my name flashed on the side of dirigibles
Wow, thanks again! We have supportive supervisor, gives us latitude + permission to fail as long as we keep trying. It's key.
"Once they have a nuclear weapon, let me assure you, you will not be safe, even here in Missouris,"
"How about we not eat at the next stop?"
walking out of a physics exam and into the rain... major depression
can't wait to have you
I repeat!!! David Freese from!?!?? University South Alabama!!!
dont tell how to handle himself! You tried ruining the
Good morning Tweeters! Any good traning this morning? #traning #running #biking #marathon It's another day of speed training for me!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear ---> [ you are the father ] lol
whatever is 2nd can't even SEE 1st place "Dune" it's so far back ...
Honestly had no desire to do it. Too many kids. But my sis just got back from one with her hubby & my niece.
White privilege allows one to wax artistic about the appropriate way to present and view the suffering of "others."
I see. Thanks.
Hope you had a great Birthday ! Celebration on FRIDAY
Thanks for hosting me! It was a fun crowd :>
We're almost to our lucky giftcard winner!! RT and follow and it could be you!!
David Beckham is inspected & legal & didn't cost a million bucks to fix!!!
i'm trying to get fat, and look like you in your picture. :)
: #Innovation helped build the middle class, and the resources to revive #manufacturing exist in upstate NY.
YYYAAAAAYYYYY - So happy for you! Congratulations!!!
All aboard the B-Train!! Today Bertrand joins NFL Hall of Famer Harry Carson, Azcardinals.com Darren Urban, and Dbacks Voice Daron Sutton
are you using this? How do you like it?
All girls really want is someone to want them back
#IfIHadItMyWay I would have been married with kids now!
Let's be honest...am I the only one beginning to think Modern Family is becoming...um...dumb?
Love thunderstorms <U+2764><U+26A1><U+2614>
New themes and avatars for ps3 :3
Patrick plz start intentional christian communities for #homeless on skid row. many ic dont include #homeless. thats sad. ty
was walking in front of me and he turned to wave so I turned too. But my dumbass didn't know he stopped so I ran into him hard. D:
Through my rise and fall, you've been my only friend.
Cool, will check it out!
Uh...he said it by trading Tebow for a 4th rounder (32 picks per round=math). I'm sending this in SUPPORT of dmac.
Thank you for sharing ... that could be the start of a new western for you! I hope to hear from others with a connection.
RT : Teachers/parents/students what aspect of your school are you most proud of?
you're the best!
thank you for turning it around! 4 goals in under 10 mins!
books as punishment? sigh. i used to fake sick when i was a kid just to stay home and read all day.
That is great your son is working with you. I think she probably took on too much, but why not jut be honest and send things back.
Arts Council of Fairfax County- Fairfax, VA New internship - check the MAM newsletter for details
The majority of buses are running on time. Some buses are running behind schedule due to weather conditions. Thank you for your patience.
the king of hearts & the king of clubs
I cannot wait for all the concerts this summer
Follow Friday my friends!
RT : Do we find God useful for our circumstances or do we find Him glorious regardless of circumstances?
Tides Foundation linked to ACORN scandal. Tides specializes in funneling money to left extremists with complete anonimity. What a surprise
classic swerve wasnt it! i love myself.
Just woke up....
About to watch the news with Mom. I am an adult, aren't I?
what's the right answer? Also: memory is cheap.
no way we lucky girl..enjoy this Beautiul evening:):)
About to hit hour 12 of work today and I'm starting to drag... Green tea please!
Send us your ALERTs! RT : Just saw this sign: "The NCAA sanctioned my other sign" LMAO
. underwent successful rt knee surgery for his patellar tendonitis. Expected to make a full recovery & be ready for camp in Oct.
I love gossip girl time with my bff :)
Friday Aug 6, 1st Friday art show @ 5pm! All kids art donated by our wonderful clients kiddos, we will be donating proceeds 4 a great cause!
Ju is a crazy ass baby....he keeps me going and going smh
Down to 343 on the Emory card with 2 and half weeks left, think I can spend it
shouldn't you e watching basketball and making a bacon weave- that probably has more grease:)
Fell asleep with my work clothes on
#DaBulls...no D.Rose? Go Hard or go home!
Nina was angry because a lot of the books details are not in the movie. Ps girls night?
Nancy Metzger, #HPRB nominee, was helpful to Capitol Hill Solar Coop in navigating historic pres for panel installation.
: Right? Tastes like freedom except less so than an eagle probably would.
thx for RSVP to the #mobilehackathon education! See you in Palo Alto!
#ohiogop please try to set up another victory center on Mayfield Rd. I hate driving to Independence.
#mla12 #s215 : southernspaces.org needed grants to do tech upgrades, i.e. move to Drupal.
You are bringing it tonight girl !!!!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Tanner likes my phone :)
only if i could cook then i would :) im actually updated mine rn. whats yours?
Dammit! I'm in the Hilton. Hopefully he'll be here after my panel.
Lmao , I know right RT “: hahaha can't wait till senior year!!!(;”
Holy Moly.... just called me to say hi!!! Must be craving some of that walleye sushi =)
lol. Ok. Do you do the interviews if they ask?
Pete I'm on season 2 of Party Down netflix streaming....so good. cannot believe there is no more after this. :(
Money Can't Buy you Class but it also can't buy you love.
let dem haters know, the queen has spoken.
Boy Meets World marathon is the best way to kick off my last day.
2001 is on my list too. I also have THX-1138 in there.
Just received commercial enquiry in Hebrew. Google's translation service to the rescue, could be a new language to integrate BIW with.
Sad day. Rest in peace Ryan. My older son Mitch's friend died in a motorcycle accident. He wasn't even 20 yet. Great boy. Is so missed.
There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees
Thanks for the Music Mondays and Follow Fridays Linda :) Nice to be mentioned with Oprah ;)
so much for separation of church and state...
glad someone's did
Good luck tonight. GO RAMS!!
oh. so sorry
I just witnessed a teenage girl get breathalized :o
keep this going please
Appreciated your logic and reasoning.
I noticed on Facebook you have the colored jeans at tags. What are the sizes and the costs??
oh used double r's in the first tweet
is this the back or side of the building?
people that write checks are retarded
Lmao! I knew u were gona say that.RT : u using military hours on me.. lmao
The Temple of A-ma was cool, except for the strange guy that I think has been following me since I left the market. But climbed to the top.
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.” - Marian Wright Edelman
Well have fun. Skiing?
you should double up on your bagel supply! :)
Planet Medic just updated website, check it out! http:www.nikkiisaacsphd.net
Wow, thx!! RT : thx for the shoutout! you lovely ladies should check the Daily today! :-)
is gonna start making bank like my mom does, with Watkins products. Anyone else want in? The more people, the more money..
Thaks for the heads up! ;-)
How can #hashtags and @ replies help your business prosper? Find out from at #RECon12 #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion
Was just offered a ride on a camel for the camel races. How can a girl resist that?!
Why can't I sleep D: Goodnight World <3
Life is full of Changes
lol why you hating on #teamdarkskin and yes I'm dark skinned, the darkest in knox
It is embarrassing, how lucky Lawrie was to have Joe Torre giving out weak punishment. Good point.
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
WSJ: ECB's Nowotny Wants 'Steady-Hand' Approach To ECB Policy - Wall Street Journal
you need to settle down!
I had plenty missed calls guess my school friends miss me ahaa
love your product
...there it is...engaging a community can be the most powerful tool companies have in an era of real-time, distributed, hyper-social media
Paseo Verde Lib is hosting two genealogy programs tomorrow: at 1 p.m., Intro to Genealogy and at 6 p.m. a Family Tree Maker Special Int Grp.
LYLALS just came on in the car. BRB BOOTY POPPIN.
#SaySomethin is trending(:
Hey Jude, indeed.
At Home.
Caught up w/ #SYTYCD last night. Looking forward to the new season! But really, Nigel... "Beasts"?
ha thanks
On Monday, I'll be tweetin from the 2nd Happiest Place on Earth --> Disneyland!
Can anyone guess what Port-au-Prince landmark the Caribbean Marketplace in Little Haiti is modeled after?
Umm, have you seen the whole reunion yet...like me? She didn't really whoop sydney. Not being rude.
no comment
why you did it see nomore working out for you you getting out of hand hulk lol
our email address is send us an email with any questions your have about the team
A holiday cocktail party is where some stranger will learn more about you in an hour than your spouse has learned in a lifetime.
You are to sweet!! I love how supportive you are<3 THANK YOU
is having her 2nd birthday party tonight..everyone is gone picking people up. party of 1 right now :) best party ever
So proud of my team! Battled back like warriors.
#Congratulations to for #winning #garagegames at
Future of #DH at #UCLA is now. Had a great time meeting DH faculty & grad students at Research Commons Open House today
Pacific Liquor's REDESIGNED Website is coming in less than a week...Cherish the old before it is gone PacificLiquor.com
What can I do? Use my voice and my networks as leverage. Be adaptable. Connect, Engage and Listen.
er, did pay for undergrad. Sorry about that. :)
at the Parsippany show, the Nets game and Madison at a different game:)
Join IFMA WI for Tri-Chapter XXI on May 15 where you can get inspired, network, continue your education and connect with your colleagues
RT : ChiefEunuch - The Daniel Diet is a-MA-zing! 10 days of water and vegetables = better you! // not amazing but worth it!
WHO WANTS SOME RONALD TONIGHT?!?!?!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
All this money for a little bit of food but your flirting with mee... F#$! you feed ME!
haha that glowstick and I didn't leave the dance floor<3 best dancing partner I've ever had!
#celtics just look lethargic, no?
when I do a search on amazon video for "kickboxing" why does Ally McBeal season one come up in the results?
Having dinner with my mother at her school reunion.
“A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.” you would retweet this
Remembered I have a crush on Christopher O'Riley.
Omg. I am about to die. 10 of my sisters friends are coming over right now for a sleepover. 12 years olds. Help me
omg. my tumblr has to stop posting my reblogs on my twitter! lol
I bet you are even better under the weather. You are always great! Have a great show!
By law, they can go to 7am. Yikes.
Beware the Ides of March
He should take 30 shots every night RT : Nic half joking that he feels bad taking 24 shots. He shouldn't, at least not tonight.
Why is my heart racing?! Ugh I feel so anxious. I can't tell if it's excitement or after effects of vodka...
Bloodbath - Like Fire #nowplaying 'Cause that's how I roll.
Good Morning, #Madison!
feeling the droid x love. now that I have my own, not works, more customization going on.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof are these white ppl who goin make sum terrorist kill us all lol
shout-out to my boys for killing it last night Hollywood's #1 House Music Spot!
Pulling out 1 gray hair does NOT cause 7 to grow back. It might, however, damage the root preventing any other hairs to grow back.
free as in beer, if you forget about the conference registration.
Two thirds of human existence is wasted in hesitation and the last third in repentance.
#beardsleyumn is there a difference between using technology to compensate for a loss and augmenting a normally functioning human?
bought me Mass Effect 2, and I can't stop playing it.
We wish all of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon Runners and Staff and fantastic Race! The weather will be perfect!!
Are you attending MLA's webcast today? Tweet about it with hashtag
I understand that the app is free, but popup ads are #annoying I'll pay to not have to deal with that.
Nice win for those Sixers tonight. Doc, stop whining about the calls. You are better than that.
is participating in a table read of a new script for tonight.
Definitely hit me up!
If by "archives world" you mean the established realm of libraries and professional archivists, I agree.
RT: feel bad for the ball in the #NEvCOL game. Poor thing's been devalued to the point where no player wants to be seen with it.
Please tell me you are joking about the matching sweaters.
YOUNG BRAVO'S NEW ALBUM TOPIC OF DISCUSSION IS AVAILABLE NOW IN HIS REVERBNATION STORE. DON'T MISS OUT!
Yeah, unfortunately it works much like fb in that sense. Totally sucks. That's why photographers don't want their pics up there.
(cont) with angry Wall street protesters, sideburns, chinese delivery guys, zebras, hair feathers with lice
you NEED to download that new #dreamchasers2 shit is FIRE
I've accepted what is out of my control.
WOW, Westbrook was at the basket by the time Jordan Hill Fell. smh
Okay, now you have me intrigued...six kids and you still go on a date each week?! Wow!
What did you do tonight?
I've had "The Hunter & the Phantom Limb" stuck in my head for three straight days now...
Glad to be home now I'm ready to crush!!! Where dha noodles at!!!???? O.o
Quote of the day... "What's a tharm?" Do you know?!
Not everyone is perfect but to me you are .
Literally? It was a link to uwishunu, that's all.
when #oomf brings me food.
thanks to the urban dictionary I know what cray is and now I will!
doesn't she get that we don't give three shits?! We're graduating in five weeks!!!
no problem
Woke up with cat paw prints on my head and 1980's fountain bangs.
You Only Live Once
Blake Griffin is so annoying to watch.
Hellz yeah, library! Way to come through!
you keep tweeting at random people named Dershowitz. It's amazing.
RT as of tomorrow i am back on my health kick. regular exercise and a good diet... i miss feeling full of energy!
Do you erase what you're thinking? and replace what you're feeling?
Have fun in our hometown & a great show!
Try their Spot Remover if you ever get blemishes. It is AMAZING!
- the season may be Fall, but it is always summer here in Florida.
8 days of school left! :D
I want a really smart kid to slap me right now. Age range:3-7 preferably female...
Is there a word for the panic that sets in when a is about to expire? Our parking lot is full and the phone won't stop ringing.
Let us know how we can service you!
Deep thanks to the brave , , & for RTs & Favs. Very kind, indeed!
Well im really over everything. Just diagnosed with pneumonia... when is this gonna stop
"Falling teaches us to walk safely." - Dutch proverb.
I have no real good reason to be mad, but I will be mad, because fuck you.
Gracie Breakdown Addresses Safety Issues After ‘Boy Chokes His Cousin to Death with Rear Naked Choke’ - watch this if your kids like to wre…
I had no drop of makeup on my face today
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Wow I'm #TeamAlton but I think #TeamGiada had a good presentation!
You are a fabulous inspiration to all who want to live life to the fullest! Long Live the Queen!
yaay (: can you follow my new twitter? (: <3
longg day can't wait to get into bed and pass out
Sounds good to me!
Vast majority of FB data is non-indexable. Really enjoyed #netbaseknows #sxsw panel. You made some really interesting points!
Round#4 wrapping up shortly. Hearing good things. Round #5 to begin at 2:40 stay tuned
Hillbilly wisdom: “: How much I need something relies solely upon whether or not I have to get up to get it or not.”
Reverse Mormon: Any obscure sex position; you have no idea what you just did with your partner but you feel as if there should be a name.
Watching the new "HUGE HUGE fan of abortions" holy shit, well done. Hilarious!
<<< LOL I know right? So irrelevant!
I want to jump out of a plane #adrenalinejunkie but
I was bored so I went into the bathroom and told the mirror some jokes. And the mirror laughed and laughed. It was a good afternoon.
HAHHA! GOOD ME TOO!
sweet deal my dude! Much love thanks for the support keep an eye out for the NEW DROPS! coming soon
Fun fact... I never get tired of explaining our new 'Adios, Mofo' shirt to people. :-)
RT : Who is coming tonight? and Partner for Prenatal Yoga | Ups And Downs Of A Yoga Mom...
thank you for the RT
My daughter is reading Huck Finn in HS. Interesting that they are including a censorship perspective as part of the discussion.
Women who tend to scratch thier partners back w/thier old crusty feet "Rebel" My Ped/Pal Foot scrubbs will have yor feet doin the sexy dance
Friends come visit me. ! N n. n
- yes we do i agree!! yeah she knows how it is.. i cnt do it anymore.. when i get back we gotta do it
Lls aibt dis bout a bitch half my exs pregnent but thank fully not by me ( ; ckos they were two crazy for me
OK it's official, #shahsofsunset is actually worth an hour of my life. It only took the entire season to figure it out.
Thank you so much, let me know of you would like more. email me if you would like more. Please tell me about u.
Send me a # and I'll tell u Wht IB u look good with
omg i need to devote like 3 hours of time just to playing around with CS6
So I'm back on this after like 50 years lol
Fine I'm not sorry xx
I'm unfollowing everyone who's sent me DM spam. I'm not taking IQ tests and I'm interested in making $426.23 online today.
Played ME3 demo with the kids watching. Daughter cried. Sons said, cool. Hubby shook his head at the four of us.
If you haven't already, follow on Twitter. All of the cool kids are!
Bobby mackeys is pretty intense
sell a few of my SILK SCARVES
Lmao I didn't know thugs get their nails done too.
You even see love, sympathy, and then like 30 times a month ..
jus shot some
AM Lyrical Pursuit: "And if I could be who u wanted and if I could be who u wanted all the time. All the time..."
Me too! RT Love these foodies
HOLY FUCK. We're losing to the Wizards?? The #Blazer's season is officially over.
Organized people are just too lazy to look for things.
First casualty of the Albert Pujols era in LA? Hitting coach Mickey Hatcher fired. Was in his 13th season in that role for the Angels.
LOCALS: please understand the massive #'s of ppl in #Indy this week. We HAD to trim our menu for speed of service. Back 2 normal on Mon.
Don't miss the Railyard Arts District's Last Friday Art Walk tonight from 5-7.
Finally up
and then i realized all i ate today was a peanut butter sandwhich and a 5 hour energy.
Waris the Explorer Kisses!
She fucking the crew , she fucking the crew .
I need to make an appearance in the DFW sometime soon...I don't care that she pretty much just left...lol
Spring sprung
That was scary. Now get back work. This is DC!
Gotta luv how just handled an internet coward. A class digital pimp slap lol
Governor Patterson --Is it true that a deep regret of yours was requiring that a 10% reduction be imposed on NYS Early Intervention in 2010?
Good morning. Thanks for following:
playing with Kinetix at #doubledoor tonight!!
FUCK! I'm ALREADY dosing off??!!
Love it how he is the highlight of my life now <'3
Now THAT is a change for the better! lol Hey, and I think you were my 2000th follower! Thank you! ;-)
close your blinds!! Lol
if it was about litt and comm, then yeah
yes, my point exactly you got EVERYONE hating me.
I say my back hurts because I'm tall. Just heard, "no, it's because you're old" ouch
Hammock showing at the Ken Cen this evening. Bring on the feedback!
....so tired gotta get up early...night girl sweet dreams<3
First day of shorts at the office and a 2 hour meeting that doesn't seem to end
Hhahahaha :) nope, it's me
oh Lisa Maria Presley? Wooh!
lol that's some funny shit
thanks for the follow, future best selling author. Looking forward to your tweets.
"Oh lord please don let me be misconscrewed." is what she said. I promised I wouldn't.
wrote that..
I'm happy to RT your posts! Hope you have a great week!
So awkward. Just so awkward.
Is it just going to be young youtubers at the youtube gathering? You guy make me feel old at the ripe age of 31
did you break your big beautiful TV a while ago?
Since u a dumb Bitch , I ain't tha one strappin' , so its yo fault hoe . It's tha bitches job ta be prepared & protect duh
Are you religious? What do you believe in?
You not a true rapper if you rap about shit you dont have. . .
RT : #Measure your customer-centric marketing by registering for our webinar w/
u be surprise cause i make 500 per ad u digg don't get madd
Good morning. Weather's so nice, driving back to Jacksonville today. #fucking love it!
it has been forever! Let's rock!
I know the song all day by Cody Simpson
it's windy:) good thing you have that safety rope:)
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude. ~ Joseph Wood Krutch
are you going to the Caribbean Studies Association conference this year?
Catherine Caldwell is a stone cold fox
omg it's okay <3
Let us get ready. Start to clear your throats for your favorite team, because pretty soon, the whole country will hear "Play Ball." [1945]
This is not a good day so far.
Yea baby barely had any homework 2day! :-D
Thinking about lunches for next week? We've got a deal for half off #organic veggie & #vegan meals from Helen's Kitchen!...
Lol, Cheaters never win! Sorry Tommy and Billy. New York owns you.
#NF The Ever So Gorgeous ===>>> <<<=== Everyone follow her, She BoMb AF follow NOW tho!!!
Good luck to and all the SU softball team at nationals this week! Sell the metal!
Hey, is a Lead taster for #tequila brand! Fun!! But how does one become a tequila taster? :)
Thank you so much for joining us last night! The audience loved you as always. You looked amazing! Full voice last night Doc
Remember, for the whitest possible smile, opt for the white wine instead of red when you're out to dinner tonight! www.kravitzdental.com
I dunno =)
#InstantTurnOn fresh haircut
Just woke up and allergies are killing me today :(
MCA of the Beastie Boys is dead?!!!?!?!??! This is a SAD SAD day for music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> R.I.B. (Rest In Beastie)
I dunno call me or something negro u need the help hahaha improvise
he is always cute!(:
Learn from these remarkable women and their experiences. Read their true stories on chromozonexx.com/truestories
This girl name was Mercedes Benz-Wells lol
any good artists your promoting?
pinning is the new mommy blogging! ;-)
No worries in the world cause Im with my crew and we gon step right through and live it like its our last night
No kids, no work, but still up at 6:30...ugh.
yes it was close
I've seen them for touristy use across the US, but not for day-to-day use in ages. Someone mentioned their illegal in NYC
Shout out to my real friends that have been helping me with everything. Love you and thank you for making sure I'm smiling.<3
Well-deserved, James! MT : “: #CompCloud My Presentation is over bring on the cocktail hour.
Trying to watch the #EDU11 opening session from the CIO lounge. Comfortable, but hard to hear.
As a devotee of Joseph Campbell, I am now following on Twitter.
Darlene Clark Hine analyzing M. Obama's transformative-cum-liberationist domestic politics & black women's struggle 4 healthcare.
haha stopped after college launching own tee shirt line in Nap so all is good
Tucson in fall, every day is like the first day of spring! the birdies go tweep tweep!
haha! Also love me a classic!! Nice job on yours!
HOW DOES ONE BE GIRLY??
"The Life" Mystic
my arms are fucking black, but my legs are still pasty yellow. #firstworldproblems .
Dinner with just Nicole and I. Can't remember the last time that happened !!
Awesome. Then un-protect it and fire up the bulldozers.
Snyder's concerns: does VR really help learning? WIll educators use interactive content? WIll content creators share?
I'm here and I'm here to stay #SamSweetheart <U+25BA>
Those look good :) Would love to hear your reviews of them when done.
On Air now: Skull Candy, the best in electronic & indie music with your host Nicole D'Angelo
Time to unwind.
I remember when you use to title your videos, 14 year old singer from Texas. :')
RT if you love
Oh hey, #ValentinesDay, I didn't see you there. Yeah, no, I'm good, thanks. Totally, totally, we should get together one day. I'll call you.
can we please do a nerd prom. I was born for this shit
Preps are among the few who still do it with aplomb. MT I do need #TheSocialKiss. The perfect way to start a conversation.
I should have stuck with lacrosse, I was much better at that than I ever was at hockey
I wish you were here as well. Not the same without you!
just ate a whole chocolate bunny..now i feeling sick, and a bit pudgy.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
2... Guys that smell good ;D
If ANY of them die... I am NOT watching the next season.
The fact that won't tell me what's wrong!!! <<<<< I'm heart broken hahaha </3
Fired up for a night on the town with my MI crew!! When did it get cold?
He only finished the job that Mother Nature started RT Why did The Rock shave his freaking head?? Not cool.
I don't have a webcam <U+E403>
We cannot continue to switch on screens and collapse to the paint. They shoot too well for us to keep losing our men
i think i need some more friends on twitter.
I love to support the , but do you think I could get a decent girl cut from your Barracks Row barbers? Might be scary! ;)
RT : Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million.
woah. has anyone heard #LiveMyLife by and because its my FAVORITE song and i think I'm obsessed with it...<3
congrats! i need to try and hunt down another bottle of faithful ale
trying to make the most of this thing called hip-hop EVERY weekend..... ----
woman next to me has an open wine bottle at breakfast. sounds like shes breaking up with someone on the phone too.
just say no to #bioreductionism! MT : Could single molecule, THC, explain tendency to link everything to single molecule?
So jealous!
Yeshua Ben Yosef, that's your God's real name. \m/
I will.
The jackhammering happening on the street outside my office window right now is driving me NUTS.
K.D THEY CANT HOLD U!
ever have the sudden erge to run your fingers through justin's hair? .... i have ;) <33
Just did
--some to just have one last year with as many "original" people as possible to make it super fun. :(
#LIVE THE #LIFE YOU #LOVE ... #LOVE THE #LIFE YOU
I wonder if #Instagram is going to roll out a new filter called "Facebook privacy." All the fine details would be obscured from view.
Sunrise over Mt. Rainer. Beautiful morning in Seattle.
My fellow Americans, I must speak to you tonight about a mounting danger in Central America that threatens the security of the U
I'm hearing it in the house tonight!!! She was fantastic in Act I!!!
Happy Easter! May your day be filled with loved ones, great food, fond memories and the grace to live tomorrow to its fullest!
Failure is not an option.
I'm still watching
Going To Wal-Mart(; :D
Beavis or Butthead just made a reference to cartoons. Irony?
Has anybody checked Francois Hollande's birth certificate? He looks Kenyan to me.
I voted :)
haha, true statement.
Thank you Miss Natasha () for logging in as me today on Facebook to post all the great shows coming up! #Can'tDeal
Another Saturday gone thanks to my mom.
got the media guide. Thanks again Mike!
I think Nicki, Azealia, A$AP, Drake, Wiz, and The Weeknd should all tour together. That would be a night in hip hop heaven.
will it project or do u need a working screen for that
DETROPIA wins best editing award at Sundance!
One of my followers... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *stank eye* RT : Who snitched on when she took the AP Test???
First time in philly-very impressed! Expect no less from Steven Starr
The goal today = win!
PickUpLine: I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed cats NOW
There are things known, and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors
Oh right, I guess this is official as well: Defined Publishing is now the publisher of The Health City Sun (www.healthcitysun.com).
I woke up with the worst headache ever omg.
We are done with our remodeling so come check out the new and improved hip hip nightclub
Come have some cake w/ us at our weekly series of business workshops, tonight at the East Bank Saloon at 6p. (727 SE Grand)
“ 156 per person for hotel? To much?”| How many nights??
Happy Easter
#AmericanIdol lol do LA musicians criticize you? LA has the worst music scene in the country.
Congrats on your acceptances. I can give you the skinny on UofL stuff as soon as its official. Best of luck with your other apps. T.
Thanks for the follow Alan. Let's get in touch.
could possibly be arranged :)
your account has been hacked.
Haven't been able to drink on the antifungals I've been on, and in a sudden, my energy levels and mood are very stable...
Twitter will display someone's personality !
Spotted on walk: multi-racial group of douchey fratish guys playing golf and smoking pot. You've come a long way, Georgia.
wea u gone take that?
Can I come? :I'll spend my #ValentinesDay evening getting high on paint fumes and drinking beer while I paint my bedroom AGAIN.
just once I want a phone tree recording to say "This recording is old, you can feel free to skip it."
Haven't really thought about it, guess it couldn't hurt. Busy with things as they are, but what would that take, 20mins?
Goodbye USA... and I are now on Next stop, Atlantis!
RE: Republicans. MS: "These Republican schnooks would be comical if they weren't not funny."
thanks for the follow
- I am heading to S.F. May 8-14th and would love to visit you! Can we make a plan?
LOL you're too funny! I'll reply shortly :)
just found some Lucent Orinoco Bronze & Silver Wifi cards. Anyone remember those? From about 2000? Bronze was pre-WEP...
my TL is all seniors doing the late night tweeting
Our newest member is a great local restaurant. Deal: buy 1 dinner entree get 2nd half off after 8pm M-Th or after 9pm F-Sa
: You’re welcome! Glad to connect with you!
Its like Game 7 intensity! Well, in a way it is Game 7 for the Hawks. I wish we had seen this kind of display in LA last night.
Boy I tell yuh, these allergies ain't nuttin' play wit smh!!!
that's all ya need girlfriend
Happy.Loving.Caring.Cheeky.Ambitious.Funny.Single.Annoying.Attractive.Open.Professional Famous Person.
park the car and go to J.Pats
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.-Albert Einstein
Let's go Brownies...stop by watch the game
Sweet Potato is coming soon!
I'm sure would be happy to sell you some. ;) I brought home 2, should have bought more.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. ~ Woody Allen
I-95 North Capital Beltway Maryland
I cant be chattinh with you.and you keep talking about some damn possums
it's not unusual to be in love with anyone!!
Happy Birthday! You're an inspiration to me!
And scala people, I know it's a partial function
't understand why. Tannehill isn't going with the first 3 picks.
Thanks. I need to figure out how to use klout
In Pokemon, using Attract on an opponent of the same sex will not affect it. Therefore, Pokemon doesn't support homosexuality.
": I'm sexy and I know it. No bitch your ugly and you show it."
bc this girl is hanging out with my gf, and she's staying there:/.
We went to Fridays and he just went ham and guess what I got a summer job :)
Organic grass-fed whole milk. Awesome supply of casein, whey, vitamin D, K and CLA!
my team is out so don't really care who wins.. lol. What's about you??
'bout to rehearse the folk-rock with Ami Saraiya in preparation for her cd release party Sept 5 at Martyr's.
": if I'm genuinely interested in what you have to say, you'll know it."
oh hey there! <3
big S/O to my Bestie Happy 24th Love you see tomorrow!!!!
"Don't you ever stop long enough to start - To take your car out of that gear?" ::the clash::the magnificent seven::
I'm here for you man.
This week needs to end
Got my first personal taste of with AFP screen and amnio today... now, the wait for results...
LOVE MADGE......but this seems like another...."American Life"....!! She needs to do a duet with KYLIE
You like it all you want, chica!
what's wrong
You and your friend Jim left me a disturbing message lol
Wish there was a Dunkin Donuts downtown. Best chain coffee. Straight black? That'll put some ampersands on your chest!
i'll have it for a bit yet...let me know if stuff changes? i'd rather see it go to you than someone offa craigslist...
I need a tight ship. But the inmates are running the asylum.
you too!
Awesome job so far by the folks in COMM 535 "2012 Presidential Elections" class. Loving all the NH tweets & pics.
Get a 10% discount on design or web services for being a twitter follower. When you get in touch just tell me you found me through twitter.
i still watch disney channel , #IDGAF <3
"Mommy, I'm so excited for the #FCAT this week!" -- Say students the #FL DOE wished it had.
yeahh ugh I got kicked outta class today to ugh
hey please RT this(zendaya you are the best actress ever and you rock we love you so much coming from LAS VEGAS
So happy got a bunch of new clothes for school bad part I don't want to go!!! ;(
Today went by way too fast.
Been on vacation for the better part of the week and I come back to find out somebody has been sending tweet spam from my account.
I curled my hair today but while waiting for the bus it went back to normal. So now it's straight -.-
I love the perfume!!!!!!
me to!
#musesocial good point - goes to the heart of how museums have to evolve
Lord Cornwallis yes very on point!
great! Glad you liked them. I'm gonna put the other ones in once things settle down around here
I'm Isaac Cabrera, of Draw One Card. This is my solo music
Thought I'd mention - PBL needs to be more focused on the journey and not just the product.
Why are there always pictures of babies kissing? Why are they doing that? Shouldn't they be throwing peas and not makin' out?
He not only always looks confused. He IS confused.
Scratched cornea. Cool.
Learning more about tweeting for academics by
The Funniest commercial on Tv..because That's exactly how people would respond LMAO!
Great Sunday morning in Bhopal India Just talk to my friend in Seattle about windows mobile 8.
I hope the ERA bluetooth headset I got lasts longer than the Up seems to.
That's a good list.
awe that's super sweet!
I enjoyed watching you play this year. Keep up the handwork, only get better and achieve higher. You are AJ Rompza.
They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice
Yay applebee's girls night out skinny bee cocktails, personalized Facebook invites.
What are you most excited about for your first year of college?
For us they are the same people.
The Meat Show - More meat=more happiness - www.themeatshow.com - today at 3pm pacific
That's right, 47% of students do not agree that their teachers care about them as individuals.
happy new year my Brother. Hope u dey well well? We go dey talk later peace.
Hey Thanks...i like the site....
Adam desc use Wiley tokens, the eternal lib question, how do you prov great (unmed) serv wo raising expectations 2 high? Quel drag.
Should I curl my hair or?
yaa i will :)
would you like to co own my account? I honestly don't go on that much and I need someone to run it interested?
im in the mood to act bad [;
Brazil nut milk was pleasantly gritty, 580 calories. Ready for a cleanse-nap. Is that a thing? It should be a thing.
I might not be able to cook much from scratch, but I sure made a mean strawberry shortcake today.
Taylor Gang or breathe through a twisty straw
I am really interested in how to improve SEO. still got a lot to learn. :)
.001% tx #PressCorpse MT : what % of Americans know their government is constantly bombing Yemen & killing civilians?
take me!
GOOD GAME LAST NIGHT MATT, KEEP IT UP
get me a pair! I'll pay you
Merry fuckin' Christmas!
check again three peice and a bisket
pre-reg at w/ Finals Saturday 11am. Winner goes to Aruba w/
it is. You guys do such a great job, a more pointed discussion abt VGs/interactive entertainment. Subscribing digitally now.
I cant wait tell i go back to ATL
Eating gummy bears & sour worms thanks to Alyssa(:
RT "This ain't Burger King - you don't get it your way" Mike Feinberg of KIPP on quote from the great Harriet Ball
--> Good afternoon to you, Jamie!
I'm sad right now
brought u some beers for the fridge. Hope u like BUDdy! Lol.
Messi is trending my cleaning lady would be so happy if she knew this (or if she knew what twitter was) cause she always talks about him lol
Made myself a promise to finish The Death Cure before I went to sleep and I fulfilled that promise :) I'm so happy now but the ending was..
FACT: If you put your finger in your ear, and scratch, it sounds like Pac-Man. (RT if you are did this after reading it)
RT if u want my txt free number! Txtn ppl!! :D
Strange move by Obama, I guess he is trying to get people to forget the economy.
Today has been great thus far. Looking forward to a good night with and !
Hope you found a good hat -- and a mint julep -- today.
No baby this year en rosca de reyes. I had it for the past 4 yrs, about time! :-)
I MISS YOU TOO
Thank you!
Looks like I'm making dinner tonight. Got any recipe ideas? I'm thinking fish.
First Summa Academy Open House is tonight! 7pm at Grant Park Church 2728 NE 34th @ Knott. Come, learn, grow together!
Date of wedding is open but they are shooting for next May - July. Flexible. Love to hear suggestions! ~T
Great seeing you, too! Good luck with the rest of your semester!
wheee David Sender!
Thanks! We're really excited
Hahaha! Oh man. Yeah, issues. I guess I won't add to it by licking your avi.
you look so gorgeous on :D <3
Lovely evening talking copyright, access to info, and more! Thank you!
Bummed that my $10 donation didn't get me an invite to Obama's dinner tonight @ George Clooney's
I drop everything I'm doin at 10 to watch the jersey shore
Be part of the revolution in Business Telecommunications.. Join us for Quality products, Bespoke pricing & Outstanding Customer Service =)
Bulls preseason game. First time I've ever watched an NBA team represent the city of my residence.
I have a necklace too! Haha my uncle gave them to me today!
Love Love Love your books!!! <3
I've bn n the hospital for two an days and they can't get my pressure down.... Need a second a opinion!!!!
Jean Shipman sees a trend of librarians' new role as publishers.
Put Wood back on the disabled list where he can't do any damage.
talk to his dis work is on Samoa though he isn't that active on twitter.
YO GOTTI GO HARD EVERY COCAINE MIXTAPE... BEST BELIVE WHEN THE ALBUM HIT STORES IT'S GOIN PLAITUM #NO LIE
GOSSIP (noun): A person who will never tell a lie if the truth will do more damage.
A hard working woman
we are really excited, too! ;)
Oops, spoke too soon...at least it's not overcrowded...
Just came out if Hebrew! So hard! Good for the brain! Keeping it alive, my little grey cells!!! Lol
#Pollard underrated beast
i want to but i wanna be able to stay in school if a war pop off they gon take my ass out
tweet us? we respond.
never a dull day in the land of Irish
Ordered your textbooks for Fall yet? August 8 Only - Free Shipping from MBS Direct. << --- Yikes that's today. Act fast!
we should chat.
Have her.
THe FooFighters win the best rock performance for Walk. On the speech, they snub for their "computerized" music.
I know I was just called fake by an Ashley Benson poser haha wow what has this world come to.
OMG! I hope I was fast enough. *nervous*
Twitter Updates iPhone, Android Apps - PC Magazine
haha, I didn't. Who's your friend though?
blasting music.... hopefully my mom doesnt come home on lunch...
Anybody wanna buy a ps3 lol
What else can you do on it!? I am a picturepostingaddict, but I feel like I could be going overboard w/ Fb,Twitter,Instagram
Dancing with the stars is right on time. Have a good night everyone!
hot springs would be so nice right now! #Peace #Relax :))
OMG I miss my cell!! I can't wait to get some sleep!! I'm dead tired!! when I wake, FedEx should have delivered my cell by 2morrow after 3
just wondering, does talk a mile a minute ALL the time? haha
We all used Huggies at one point of our life. xD
All my ladies killin em get them hands up... And if you really killin em keep them hands up.
up at 4. tv still on. off to cafe. my office.
Christmas Lights Safety Tips - Fox News Fox News Christmas Lights Safety Tips Fox News A house lit up with Christmas lights is a beautif
Finally boarding. Only about 2 hrs delayed.
We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
i hate when fine ass dudes talk to some ugly hoes n cal themselves pimps wen tha hoes they fuckin r fugly thats y they got so many
Venezuelan arepas are delicious. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams this group will have it tough out west
New #jerseyshore on at
don't worry little grasshopper I'll teach you everything you need to know in Spanish tomorrow!
So happy the team is growing! Excited for lunch today with our new hires! #hr #isitlunchtimeyet?
"Why can't I just eat my Weimaraner?"
i know that im lame for this lol but what is going to happen 4/20 my guess is another old smoke day
new theory: petrarch invented the dark age as retaliation for its penmanship. right now, i can't blame him.
“Books are humanity in print.” - Barbara W. Tuchman
Hello everyone. I noticed a tweet that was sent from my account about four hours ago. That was not for me. Do not access the link.
ha! I was kinda just going for a "Pj is evil" joke, but didn't realize the other implications. That would be more apropos on my bday.
;-) I've been telling people left and right. Gotta support our Portland peeps!
DJ miss jeniffer always hits the spot!!!
"You remind me why I don't like people." -Howard Stern
I have one more final from 10:00-12:00 and then I am done with my junior year of college.
It's finally official :)
30 yr old man @ the dentist playing gameboy with volume up...TURN IT DOWN BRAH
Have something coming your way in the mail soon!
try Cava Mezza, Whitlows on Wilson, , or Liberty Tavern
#CRUEL ... I hate April Fool's Day.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the 40 year old smoker
Thanks & for retweets at yesterday's #socialirl. It was a great program.
why do you like the LI ipad app?
It was so hard to get up today.
I love wikipedia and I'm not ashamed of it.
did i just hear a sheep tho? 0_o
Sad that it took such a tragedy for legislation to finally be considered over exotic animal auctions and ownership. What more had to happen?
Black SMS Lets You Send Secret Messages on Your iPhone [VIDEO]
South Asian Gen Y Artwork, check out the outspoken Gen Y on Zanbeel Art fb
I welcome the reply! Some readers have asked for additional follow-up, as a result, I am also writing more on the subject.
A day that begins & ends with ladies playing electric violins. Rare.
It's National Cotton Candy Day! I feel a bright colored basket with cotton candy in it coming on ….
"Only while sleeping do you make no mistakes. Mistakes are the privilege of the active person, who can start over and put things right."
so stoked to see you guys in April! Any suggestions as to what should I do to prepare for such epicness??
I also had three from Wednesday that mysteriously appeared yesterday.
The list of shows canceled/rescheduled grows: Yuni in Taxco with Feral Children
Happy Jemi Day?....seriously guys, what if it brings back bad memories for anyone of them.
Happy Saturday. Thank you for following me:
Good point. I hate to say it but Mitt actually seems sane.
exactly. I had my key in my pocket this morning, and now I don't. Not very happy
We don't want to brag or anything, but we totally killed a guy last night.
nf you follow back plz I remember you from westlake
Strawberry Fields forever
heard that!
To the ones who keep direct messaging me saying people are saying bad things about me, can you handle it for me? Im kinda busy getting drunk
Hm where are my sunglasses o-o
take that back since tempted by trouble...forgot that was on my shelf... but still so excited about accidental affair
Just enjoyed some good laughs at show by at Morty's Comedy Joint. He's haha funny despite what his former manager says.
Well I'm home from school: eat ALL the things!
#KhaderAdnan : "I starve myself for you to remain. I die for you to live. Stay with the revolution.”
I guess our feelins are not on the same page!!
lol , my tongue ring closed up .
Things I like: 1) OU losing. 2) OU losing at home. 3) Never having to see my team play a game in Norman. 4) the score 41-38.
Best typo ever.
Starting spring break strong
Like burgers? Come to Wed night to grab one and support ! I'll be nose deep in a #SD style burger.
Excuse him, while he snuffs out his pants.
i dont want you guys to leave :(
can't wait to chill with you bro!
The Panthers are making a real comeback. If they break my heart again, I'm going to hurt someone.
THIS IS FOR EVERYONE I FOLLOW. TELL UR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK RT THIS :D
You may be lucky...I dreamed Aida Turturro was trying to kill me..on a frozen pond, no less.
if your poloman is on da RIGHT side of ur shirt, YOU ARE NOT PIMPINN
Facts: The victim does not have to be the person harassed but could be anyone affected by the offensive conduct
they've done lots of upgrades to be more sustainable and the ingenuity doesn't end w/ exterior. Architect had future in mind.
I've seen SALO, BURNING MOON, Crispin Glover and a lot of other twisted cinema. But HAUSU is the first I've seen someone eaten by a piano.
We return to The Boro Bar & Grill on Saturday, October 8th with New Dieabolic, and 3 Minutes to Live! 9 pm, 21+, $5
looks like Erin Andrews wins the battle at ESPN with Michelle Beadle. I wonder if Beadle ends up at NBC Sports.
THE SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CULBERSON AND EXTREME SOUTHEASTERN EDDY COUNTY IS CANCELLED.
Agreement in the room that #CompletionArch data is essential to shaping the discussion about the role of #communitycollege in our country.
Oh shit not again! Running out of cigarettes. Anyone knows of a store that delivers cigarettes?
New bitch 12 o'clock >:)
dude you know my film got cancelled because it ended up to be a non paid gig and also they lied to the actors about certain things
"There's No One Like You".....Kirk is just consistent...
Stopped at on 20th and forest home or so last night... a
i followed you! :)
oh, there's a show choir called the scale blazers? they get my 2nd place vote - and if theyre from oregon they get my first place vote
NY1 reporter is so excited about this shuttle/747 he can hardly speak. Spock's presence sent him in to a wild giggling fit
Don't retweet this.
I will never forget "RMS Titanic"
welcome aboard!
An Uranium PU-36 Explosive Space Modulator. Or a hug.
once you have emailed me for the free trial tweet me your guess of the Celtics/Pacers game
Total? I would have expected a much higher number.
thankz bra fuuuu! Hahaha that's an auto corrected "brandy".
Was in Ireland a month last summer. Cold & rainy most of the time. Guinness & Carlsberg were still great so trip was a success.
<U+200E>"I don't trust easily because the people I have trusted in the past gave me a reason not to."
aw miss my honeyxavier
Looks like all road games and no bye again this year
Be a part of history; write in Adrian M. Fenty!
Rockin the stars with
Happy birthday to my bestie !!
hope you have fun, Cuuggaa!!!!
#WeWontWork if we have trust issues
Ah, thank you Kreshnik. My wife bought me that for my birthday (i think on a livingsocial deal). Haven't done it yet tho.
I love messing with him;)
glad to see you're enjoying an India visit. I'll be there later this year working on the next stage of the Yoginis project. Cheers!
Thank you for the guess!! I owe you an email!! Free to chat otherwise?
Watched plenty of moviess with my sisiterss.Gettin pretty tired now...think iim gonna start gettin ready for bed. =)
DS: another quick poll, what do you think Baltimore is, a Baseball town, or a Football town? I say football, only because the Orioles suck.
I think I might get an Instagram account because I am just the worst.
I know that. And because it's tomorrow, I shall be depressed tomorrow.
Did you see that catch! That's why they make the big bucks, and get away with the sex crimes.
Ryan Braun is a juicer
Listening to Vandy/UK game on Vandy radio network. Tired of hearing "foul" every time Vandy misses a shot! 4 straight times
Follow Me,Back .
going to Portland for a week, then LA for a week at the end of this month.
Come on bro where's the awareness?!? Damn!
Ha! RT : Dear North Carolina, you struck Amendment One down. Your journey to the Dark Side is almost complete.
Me: "Put that bug down." Daughter: "But Dad, I hit the rolly-polly bug jackpot." Me: "Oh, ok."
Crack a bottle, letcha body wattle.
Is there a nice way to say, "Shut your fucking dogs up or I'm calling the police."?
Just got my first haircut in 3 months. I look like every other dbag now, but humidity and shaggy hair is annoying as f*ck.
wait.. Sc drama? TO REDDIT, MY BROTHERS, TO COMPLAIN ABOUT SHIT THAT DOESN'T MATTER!
hey, Happy Birthday!
I just really want the "white trash" tots to come back. Tastiest thing involving spam known to man.
oh are you still doing that thing you told me about that's why??
. . . because that was my favorite character on Law and Order SVU. THANK YOU, TWITTER. PLAYING NIGHTLY. TIP JOSEPH KONY.
Ohh wait my bad.
Shaving cream! Well you can always wax...
I'm Gleeking out!
Just found out I don't have to work tonight! New plan, take a nap then back to work on FEVO.
good i expect i by monday c:
Todays gonna be a lonng ass day
After a few weeks of relative peace, the boys have again been indefinitely suspended from playing the Wii.
WTF lakers!!!! Why are you ALL STANDING AROUND????? we aren't you guys going inside! Stop shooting all these missed 3
Trip to NH, Lucy (my Mazda3) got 39mpg. Rated for 33 highway.
#idol - Jessica, Hollie and Joshua had a good fit for a song. It was fun, energetic, good overall.
Tryna get on my level tho
it really sucks! Btw can't wait to hear all about your cruise :)
Got Gumbo, Red Beans, Catfish Poboys, Carmel Cake @ Walmart Parking Lot on Lafayette Rd & I-65 till 7pm
I think green eggs and ham sounds pretty frekin delicious right now!
Thanks! We'll keep making 'em as long as yinz keep eating 'em.
Nope, not yet - bwahahahahahah <- (evil laugh)
I do appeciate the #ff shout out! Thanks.
austin i been trying and trying to get u 2 follow me but u wont notice me
Red Sox are killing me Bro . Might need another Blue Martini night LOL
Heart is breaking for
Jennifer Aniston has awesome bobs!
yo no say
My girlfriend and I were driving home one evening, down a country road. The speed limit was 35mph, well she was driving about 90mph. We f...
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Cottonwood, Jackson County, MN till 3:15.
I wore my only green shirt tuesday.
Now, With YouTube account so you can return to see our videos and videos of your favorite music artists :)
does not follow "iMahoneLove" it's so stressful seeing this. :/ PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!<3
Woke up this morning and my eye was fat
Should be more, but not by much.
Exactly 2 months from today kicks off the 2012 season in DC United. What a short offseason this has been compared to last year.
I wanna go when y'all go watch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm the car "song" I'm sexy and I know it :) I love this song
I see myself as a crayon... cause one day you will need me to complete your picture.
I don't get the deal about Mitt Romney being terrible as a student. He's still a terrible person now. I'm still not blowing him. Uh, voting.
Uh, say what?! You look great. And why would your mom pass that on to you?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Everything that happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ... unless you get blasted and get married there.
Its friday, and i dont have shit to do!
Yeah you can take away a title you cheated
Dude needs to get over this hang over. It's getting annoying.
You watching knicks?
Anyone in Detroit have a spare bike I could borrow for the week of April 30?
Off to take, and then teach a class with live music at BYS Yoga!
Lets make it happen
RT : #DC: a reminder that our Saturday 4/21 class at the will be at noon. Regular schedule resumes next week. Thanks!
Watching the Wild Thornberry's Movie, fav charter is Donnie, he is the realest
Matt hunter Marty hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!
Seeing made my entire day. <3
Great fight today from 14u National Stars team. Going to have to fight our way out of losers bracket tomorrow.
Success is the only road money is the only option when life gets rough im always ready to drop shit !
#Avengers assembly no longer required
just got up 2 hours ago...time for a nap.
Thanks! Today was a nice day indeed...
R.I.P. Jim...21 Full Stack Salute!
I hope that all of you who are asleep are enjoying it, you lucky d-bags.
even our scouts can't rush the passer...
Rihanna Shows Some Leg at Los Angeles Lakers Basketball Game [PHOTOS] -
I don't like you, so don't expect me to pretend i do.
I'll have more respect for you
#RussellBermanSF #bibliotech12 talking #blogging #newgenresofwriting #teaching should be valued in university and industry
Nerding it up with and
I attended the panel tonight. Great job! "containers of language" brilliant!
you are invited to come visit Feeding Children Everywhere HQ. Would love to share our story with you.
Great win tonight(:
The big game tonight. Whose ready?
good to meet you dude! See you in the ring.
booted or just teleported?
hello sweetheart
Happy Pesach and Easter Weekend! Enjoy Friends, Family and Food!
if Bob's out of the mix who's handling your booking now? I might have a show for you and the boys in Kentucky for November.
first time evar
If the world really does end in 2012, I've wasted all my life in school. How lovely is that?
All you gotta do is move to Portland ... Hint ;-)
you too. Hopefully yours is sunny and warmer then mine. Lol
Lmfao I hate it I had a hard time going back to sleep xD
Gosh, I love
Looking forward to sunny days ahead!
I will never be a one hit wonder.
You need a pro for that. Good luck!
"Her body was distorted. She looked pregnant everywhere."
There will be challeges u will have 2 face BUT while ur going through ur test DECREE & DECLARE the VICTORY.
If the Heat don't attack the Pacers, Pacers will win. You can't sleep on the Pacers or they will beat that ass. Heat in a tight 4-2 series.
You get what you give in this life. What are you getting? Stay Drivn.
Large signs for FREE COOKIES that have fine print at the bottom are everything that is wrong with the world.
-Thank you so much for that incredible & inspiring video. Great work w too. There are no boarders seen from space.
Bored and tired at work, not a good combo. Especially on opening day. Thinking of ways to get out this afternoon.
Stay safe in this heat #Pittsburgh!!! It's going to get hotter in the next few days!!!
I don't even kno how to reply to that...
Create shareable contentv Then shut u and listen
oh lord…oh hey Greyson……
Uh-oh Biebers about to hit the stage with #boyfriend on #thevoice...kind of excited
I also thought Zayn's girl would be called 'Mirrorossa'. RT if you get it.
Got you guys on the list- Squire +1.
I went ahead and cut mine off. I was attached to the length. You could transition in braid outs, and updo styles.
Some crenos and a polar pop is about to be delicious.
Get ready for lukewarm pasties...
We have some Safe House newbies here tonight at #CovertTU!
Stomach Cramp ! grrhh !
Sitting in my room. Home alone. Blasting sws. #lifesgood (for now) ;] baby if you cant hang then, theres the door;*
I think it looks lovely. You'd probably be able to pull off just about any colour or hairstyle. It's the boobs...ha ha!
WAVE is making it simple to find us......Streamlined Twitter name:)!!
We saw the LACMA and CAFAM shows, plus The Getty. So much goodness! Hope to see you here at Mingei on 10/15.
haha I didn't know you were coming too
I cover all of NKY and I am pulling for him but he was injured running last year. Help at WR wouldn't hurt either.
baked focaccia filled with melty Crescenza cheese lands them in as one of the Best New Restaurant's of 2011!
? Now I'm confused.
“I’m in a mood where I come all untied – I’m in a mood to say shit that’ll change people’s minds.” (Wakey!Wakey!)
the transition will be slow for non-tech curators, but we must have convo w them to have functioning orgs.
Thank you! I passed this along. Some of these schools were surprises.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you walk I'm front of someone and you both move to the side and the other person does it at the same time.
if you love christian beadles then follow for amazing tweets&facts bout him with updates
I'm photographing projects in Cincinnati today for Turner Construction.
DC: the school chancellor debates, stay or go? Let me resolve it for her. Hit the road Jackie Chan!
Jealousy is like cancer. Try to stay away from it. FAR away
I'm just talking about Shaft.
- he means stay inbounds,
Ha! But which version: the goth teen or the masked superheroine?
thanks allen!
bradley Cooper was named the sexiest man alive this year for people magazine:0
Still looking for somewhere to catch the #FinalFour today? Then join us at #Fridays for the games AND the best #specials in town!
im upset with u :( tears!!!!
Ann Fisher: The family planning funding process is already competitive. Why should we change this system?
Kept searching for the chick on the metro this a.m. listening to her Mary J. slow jams so loud, then realized it was a dude. Made me happy.
When will UGG boots be illegal?
Hahaha have a good day. Going hiking before work. Thanks for the update on the vinyl God of tour and minosaur.
There's always the chance of injury regardless. I don't think a schedule that would increase injuries is the right way to curtail
Love the show "gold rush"...I would pay Jack to read random articles aloud in his old timer voice
Guns in church, church in school and school at home.
Who is #MarvAlbert 's stylist?
Got a thing for my truck that says "I'd rather push a Ford than drive a Chev" HAHA YES!! <3
One thing that holds us back is anger, bitterness, resentment. Forgiveness is essential for clearing the fog and moving forward.
finally home to watch #Fringe live! It's not just for Sat. Morning breakfast anymore!
Every time you do what you say...your worth doubles in value
Brzezinski: We should advocate for no Nuc Weapons in Iran on behalf of the international community not for our/Israeli interests
Denny's is worth the drive.
Talking about importance of wills, living will, powers of attorney for health care and finances on
Look im about to take a picture of you and the cops chasing- punkd lol
damn. i made some weak assed coffee this morning.
Miss ya bro!
Fake people make me miss KJ.
Now we are playing some baseball This is what everyone was waiting for
arent we all
designing and illustrating more poster music gigs!
!! See if he ever breaks character? RT : . going on tomorrow.
!!!!!!!!!! ": Ever feel like things are going good for everyone BUT YOU?"
lol I don't know maybe someone can.
Tero Karppi on how affect is transformed into economic value via Facebook. Facebook's creation of "an infrastructure of affect"
Thanks for the RT!
I think seniors should start at 9 every day.
yeah shit is crazy my g-ma scared as hell, but eh what time we hittin up the show cause low-key I'm geeked as hell
Finding yourself out of town for the holidays? Zipcars are in over 170 cities world-wide; your membership works in all of 'em: bit.ly/tI2KLt
A little pissed: Thought we had a grosbeak, but I think it was a finch. Saw an oriole, blue jay, & a cardinal today at our feeder.
Why is Microsoft so terrible at so many things.
nm and you
Thank you so much! That really makes me happy to hear. :) #teamtallgirls :)
too late. I'm down here now
she's crying now but she'll laugh again.
My TL isn't loading, its bed time.
Thanks to everyone for coming out last night! We had a blast playing Goodbye Blue Monday! More details on our next show soon...
#ThingsIReallyCantStand "I mean it's whatever"
lol ok.whew.. I was about to start callin and apologizing to ppl
you seem very angry lol
On behalf of #AHAR team, we thank U for your undying support & effort with us, help many #animals in need. Thank you
!!!! RT : Virgos love to feel appreciated.
Gotta love the #Celtics heart having to beat the refs and the #Heat. what a load of crap! Worse officials in all of
I'm elmo and I know it!
I love your ideas !!
Black squirrels, last seen acrobatically bounding around with mouths full, appear to have hunkered down for the snowfall
we have SO many things on nearly EVERY topic you can imagine! Good luck on your finals!
Give up. Done trying. Is that what you wanted to here?
Cross selling once a firm does a good job is one of most effective ways to develop more business for your firm says GC panel at
Dang now I want some oreos
Make me a sandwich? ^_^
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated & terrible as slavery
a friend of mine used them for her wedding...think she got them at Walmart. Cute!
Before the interview tips: #7 always stop in a bathroom and look in the mirror before walking into a face-to-face interview.
Now Voyager gurus, can you configure Voyager to display call number in a title or subject search?
It is so dark in Oregon!! I can't wait until the days start getting longer again on 12/22. Sitting in front of my light box drinking eggnog.
this is a great example for our twitter handle! Wummelisms
i think i just heard 'social business architect' for the first time?
Good point!RT the deal is u said "thinking" [there r GOP +Ppl who vote GOP+they r not the same thing #VoteObama2012]
Party Mix Recipes A Super Bowl party wouldn't be complete without some great munchies. These party mix recipes are just what you need. Yo
My twin sis (cause people are into twins).... or maybe my rocknroll memorabilia from my days as a groupie.
Follow for economic development consulting & for a one-of-a-kind online tool to calculate the cost to do business in Ohio!
Eli Manning constantly has that "I'm being bullied" face.
RT : Cheating on someone u "love" for someone u "like" is a dumbass move
Hair of the dog, man
aww yay you got to talk to her...
1 hour delay tomorrow :)
LETS GO PACERS FUCK ORLANDO
Hey you should really see our fridge now!!
When the dog starts vomiting later remind me that Andrew was feeding her banana peppers from his pizza
#IdahoProblems RT : You know you're a Republican when your kids don't even bother talking to you about politics.
#Progressis post modern.
We are looking to book acts for September in San Antonio, TX. Could you have someone call me?
tarmac traffic jam at SFO only increasing #dh11 anticipation...
it's like saying "this cake is so rich, and my car is getting new brakes"
I wanted to be a cataloger or a sys admin, I had already been working for ILS vendor. Reference isn't my thing.
New topic - Second thoughts
Lunch today 11-2. $9 include homemade chips and a drink!
We have to be fearless. We have to take chances. We can’t live life just being afraid of what comes next. That’s not what living is about.
Sorry for dropping out--a little busy over the 4th weekend! Thanks to all who came out or watched from their couch. Thanks !
I have proof too :P
No, the debate isn't live. It was taped earlier today and will air at 7pm.
I guess I need to go for a drive. :-)
You're welcome! Congrats on the love! RT : Thanks for your amazing support!
you and the Boyz should try to come to Florida! We have nice weather all year long! :3
It's so funny when you try so hard to prove I'm the only one. When I see right thru it....
I would rather regret the things I have done, then ever the things I have not.
EVERYBODY needs to sign this!! Support the Pet Safety and Protection Act: /takeaction/714/448/113/
checked out the imagine cup video last week. Looks really great, best of luck to you , &
Hey girlie! Miss you, hope your doing well. :)
it is what it is til u change it :-)
Always keep your head up. The answer to your problems isn't going to be on the ground.
Instead of updating my computer as I wish to do because this one is painfully slow, I have a book at hand that I read while waiting for MAC.
one opener. 8pm doors. 9pm show.
made my donation! Merry Christmas!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I tell ya, there is no better feeling in the world, than a long, solid sleep & waking up feeling rested. Except maybe waking up not hungry
looks so beautiful :)
The Diversity Platinum Pride Challenge. Does your company support the Gay Community? Go to www.diversityplatinum.com and add your business!
i need a bigger bed, which would not only fit me diagonally but also vertically !!
you are awesome tonight!
C'mon Brauny...tie this up!
Yuh, i'm there 2 weeks straight and then off and on after the 1st until Nov 12th.
iNeed A Phone Call !
Did you know? Last month's ANC celebrations were held in the #Western Cape province, this month celebrations will take place in...
Bonobo - all day.
PS Not related or useful for class but I use the most amazing software ever for fiction writing. Scrivener FTW!
Love to hear Franklin's words. Don't be shy. Keep it up.
Lots of editing ahead today. Soundtrack: the O'Jays, on 8-track.
Thanking for this tv
there's this chick that always hashtags "hipster" on all her pictures and I yell EVERY TIME
Just starting. Love it. ;-)
yay this friday no school yay!!!!
morning tweeters now its time 2 start the reefer comsumption
Can't wait for the Academy Awards tomorrow, or should I say today??
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Thank you for the SunsetSunday RTs & replies !
Today I walked in memory of Ryan J. Zicha, a young gay man who was pushed to suicide a year ago today.
Be a guest in free acting class -either Monday March 26th or Tuesday March 27th. Call Eric Davis 310-849-8158, or email
My 97 day journey into Twitter wilderness has ended today as I was retweeted by . Sheesh, I must have monumentally boring tweets!
Its just ppl prefer it to be that way gud looks ": o that's just what I thought but that's what's sup my boy do your thang"
WARNING: WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE IS PROFANE AND RACIALMichael Richards exploded in anger as he performed at a famous L
USA is easily handling Finland surprising its so easy after their problems w Kazikstan the other day. GO USA!
I bet day still draft a CB....who is your hope round 1 at this point?
BLT salad from old pink house in savannah, ga
Okay just did(:
Last night at Trailways, Val behind the bar with Dave at home suffering aftereffects of dropping a large gas grill on his leg two weeks ago.
That is true my friend
JCP is inconsistent, I stopped buying there when they carried girls t-shirt: "I'm too pretty to do homework"
Time to #sleep :D
You and me to.. Im waiting on them new joints to drop": WORKING..BRO.. #TEAMSELFMADE "
She'll chase you around for a while but there's going to be a day when shes going to stop running in circles for you..
What a partay! RT launch party tonight w/ + +tones of great MKE bands
are u coming back 2 skool ???
Wow! Congrats! Your art is amazing
modern family is hilarious
Virgin Group Chairman CEO Sir Richard Branson is headed to the center of the Earth, or as he calls it giving James Cameron a volcanic Wedgie
okay delete the tweet i dont want people randomly calling you
Seriously, and bullying is a big freakin' deal! I just can't stand that kind of entitlement. He should at least apologize.
No, I was just reading the #DCision12 feed. Not sure how that got tweeted. I'm still ballot petition free and lovin it :)
If oomf don't text me back <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> lol
great start to the bday week “: New mayor in the house. New week. (@ Jacob Tyler Creative Group w/ )
can we do that ASAP?
RT : #BlackTieCinco was like a mini reunion the family... The food and drinks were amazing! Kudos to
Really? That sounds kinda gross tho, lol :-)
we looking for all the single sexy conceidit ladies on the 21st of Dec. @ Shadow Room smashing single "Conceidit" myspace.com/legyndmuzik
i agree i hate all installers and i never get why they can't implement drag-and-drop
Love my #anchorprom date. RT you're not crazy. swapped - to match better.
Prinitng up some CD's
I'm so jealous
Start w/simplicity for humor in #B2B. Example: "This is where I work" IBM Ireland video.
#HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie Dont be BLACK cuz u always die first and Dont be WHITE because u always falling
waiting anxiously for lots of spoiler EST tweets for the next two hours!
But seriously, it seems like it would be pretty cool to reenact scenes of Platoon with , does it not?
Goooooooooaaaaaalllllll!!! Go Bruins.
dont laugh but my phone off, it will be back on tomorrow, I cant text back but u can call me lol
... EAT, DRINK, BE ON TV. Fukuburger truck at Frankie's Tiki Room TONIGHT 7pm - late
I'm going to bed, I'll be pm my personal :)
When people complain about the same shit<<<<<<<<
Amazing #Celtics win tonite! So grateful to have been able to see it live! Time to celebrate!
and Abe: "A house divided against itself is, like, no big worry."
I'm sorry, but i just can't stand symetrical cuts on Oscar night, what happened to good ol hollywood glamour?
Happy birthday john
Walworth is like the Tom Bombadil of "Great Expectations" adaptations. Always the first thing to go.
Yeah, I was like let me find out you got great taste in music. lmao!!
is on twitter now! Can't wait to get started rehearsing in January!
Happy Thursday Craig!
Thanks! Glad you liked the info! (It really is pretty helpful...)
it worked! :)
Everyone effected should sue Kim Kardashian for all of her problems especially Kris Humpries should sell his story of the truth
I've known Grenell a long time. He's sharp, and really good at his job. It's a weird situation.
For some reason, I didnt get your tweets but hopefully it was just a system twitch
Social Hour 5-7, Ladies Night Tonight starting at 7pm and Brown Bag Tasting Wednesday starting at 8pm.
it's Friday Friday
wouldnt you want to know ;P + quit creepin on me
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pitcher Pickups for Week 4
yes sierra?
The Sheffield getting some love from Selling New York. I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal.
Omg I'm still alive! Lol RT : My Dad Called Me Up, Knowin That I'd Still Listen .
I hope so too!
yeah - I'm in "THAT" part of YouTube again....
Free burger at Juicy Burgers and Dogs with proof of a Yelp review. Find Juicy at 6830 S. Yosemite St, Centennial, CO 80112.
Hoping to get a weekly column talking all things BBQ.
Nice chatting with you at Starbucks! I think you'll love it here. :)
Something going on with the server? Keeps timing out and wont accept additions. Its hard to use the SAS if it keeps going down.
wanna know what I been through what ya into put it all on the table do it like a menu
You will wear it well!
Live on the coast sippin Rita's? With you? Is that even a question?
Why the 'War on Men' now??? RT : For the first time in my life, I saw a LONG line of MEN waiting for the restroom!
Fuck I just flew back to LA from North Carolina for a callback. What's up with your people? Whatever it takes...
love a three day work week! I think a little more of this in all of our lives and things may just go a little smoother.
it's #cwcon i think. candw2011 is the account name, iirc
Faith Evans..
and you should know how i am
follow me please emily
My hometown RT Williamsburg is so lovely. Whites everywhere.
Building social media engagement from the ground up at the San Antonio #econdev. probably knows what I'm going through!
I'm sure u would like it. This city never sleeps its always something to do Monday thru Sunday
Misse having on Glee… glad he's back. :D <3
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for $700. Reg. price $900. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave 92101
Body Pillows: Nick Jr. Spongebob Squarepants Cuddle Pillow Plush ...
#FashionStar is a big fat fashion snooze
same with movies that he stars in.
Blessed, And Highly Favored! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
lol! So You Ready For The Challenge! Love?
Sorry to hear that Doug. Great listening to you each morning. Hope things turn around for you quickly.
are you surprised?
one place, and one place only.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays from us here at Seductive Society....
EVERY life is precious. Every life has a PURPOSE (and it is NOT VIOLENCE, MURDER, ROBBERY or SEX CRIMES!). THINK, PEOPLE!
Me too! I knew, in my heart, that I wasn't the only one. How do feel about highlighters? I like them.
uhh i need to know what you want to be able to make cds. AKA i need you to come over for it to happen.
Nice work. You're welcome to stop by for the pic as well! ;)
Ran out of gas, anyone wanna help me??
My <3 goes out to you with all of your cancelation nightmares! #GoodLuck !!!!
I know my band would love a shout out from the Hulkster! We'll cover Real American just for you ;D
Only 2 weeks away from The Classic Crime, Moneta (Official) and Shoreline Drive @ The Showbox Market! Get your tickets now!
Any man seeking to lower another lives a measly existence and that alone is punishment enough. The ignorance of man makes me fear his future
you may never now
Free Workshop Tonight! 7-9 pm at our place. Come and see what all your friends should be talking about. Hint: It's free improv.
Watching the Cannes closing ceremony. Rooting for Malick, Dardennes, and Kaurismaki.
No im not acting funny...thats just me in my mood
I learned not to get my hopes up anymore either.
why weren't ypu at school today, missy? Forget your gym shoes again? :)
Everyone has something to do tonight except me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I always think people forgot about Cervelli and it makes me sad but then l tweet about it and everyone else misses him too :)
DROP DEAD DIVA TONIGHT ON THE BIG COW SCREEN! Come meet some of the Crew! It will be a glorious time! Giddy Up!
I miss my other half
Im not California >;(
Pine hit me n threw me out of the speeding VW RT : no way man! Saw you when the villain got off the boat"
": Little things affect little minds.-Benjamin Disraeli #quotes" follow her
Life's meant to be shared. Keep close those who believe, support, love, motivate, inspire & uplift you on the journey to the greatest you!
i live in bartow its like in the middle of FL and its so pretty in miami ive been their! (:
hahaha, double rainbow. my life is now complete.
Getting picked up at daycare for the first time in decades.
Skylar is going home.. Jessica Sanchez leave already!!!!
thanks for the follow. ;)
Doesn't Ted Williams, the guy with the radio voice, look like barack obama with that new hair cut?
Getting artistic with my DJ set up. Pics coming soon...
Proper fitting shoes are key... Love the treadmill test at - everyone should do it!
Happy May day!
Going to give myself a mani, no color since it's all packed already :(
#know12 Innovation as huge oppty for IT: can be in small ways as well as large. Push people to try things. Focus on usability, self-service
What's your favorite candy??
Smokin a LaGlora right now.. Enjoy
i wish i could teleport!! :o
I haven't seen these Beastie Boys videos in ages. Lots of cameos in Make Some Noise.
You can't let that get the best of you either. It will come naturally. Stressing over it won't get you clurse any sooner
It's 9am Monday morning...do you know where your coffee cup is? More importantly, is it locked & loaded? (good monday twitterverse)
Right?! It gets a little too randomly political, but Sorkin is always great.
Trying to find a good reason to have a #stevenseagal marathon
OMG was exactly what this half-Korean boy wanted. AND IT DELIVERED
is part of the #MuslimBrotherhood. Ques: Do you believe Hamas is a terrorist organization?
My tummy is happy <U+263A>
If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. – Donald Trump
I simply love having a girlfriend who has small hands...
oprah its time to shush it lets let do the talking now
733 days 7 hours and 44 minutes..... Lets go!!!
just bought my Basecamp shirt. I'll be repping it in MN...
1927 Robbins Estate featured at Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts....
You will..I praying for you bro. I'm sure others are too. You can do it!
San Marcos stays poppin lol all hours
You have until next summer to work on your flexibility. I've seen on tv women fold themselves into suitcases.
Arlene this looks great! We're going to Oahu in 3 weeks. We are so excited! Any advice?
I'm surrounded by fur. Both kittehs are snoozing next to me, and Grace is using her brother as a pillow.
Hearing Seth Meyers' voice in my head saying, "Really?!!" during some of these choral arrangements. Wish we SAB choirs had more options.
Beautiful 70 degrees & sunny on Thanksgiving Day here in Canada!
Dallas some ass yung..
Don't forget to get me an amazing slicer, dicer or mop from the expo center!
Yep. And the big team is station to station three run homer built!
wouldn't have it any other way “: Shout out to my bestie in Miami thx for having my back”
where im from lol right on the other side of memphis my brother throwin me a house party
Ooh, thanks I'll have to check all of these out! We're preparing to switch all of our client FB brand pages over soon.
I could watch #royalwedding coverage all day
I'm in desperate need of a hair cut
“: Yep we're having a liquid lunch” I'm jealous
#Oscar fever in the city-Its amazing how much focus there is on the color of Michelle Williams' 'coral' dress...The important things in life
Can't wait til project x comes out in a couple weeks
I'm all for the Gays, but when I don't have a boyfriend it's really hard to see 2 guys holding hands.
I will tap dance in 3 countries every year and video tape it. This will be a life long project. This year: Canada, USA, Mexico. Stay tuned.
: Ladies. Walking around the parking lot for 15 mins during lunch isn't going to make up for that tray of brownie bites. Preach it.
I will no longer allow anyone to manipulate my mind and control my life in the name of love.~ Miguel Ruiz
make sure you have your pops rip those videos, is ripping my 8th grade play
Perfect time of year. You should definitely do it. And yes, it's like Austin, so you'll love it!
big money lol
Stacking My Paper I Swear I Look Like A Novel !!
Only the suppressed word is dangerous
too tamara lord
So deliriously tired you can't fall asleep...
Use interaction history to confirm what consumers told you and build up a rich repository of preferences2 be leveraged for future dialogue
Wohoo! Found a bottle of KBS! Starting the night off right!
Well, anyone? We want to hear from you! RT : any of the winners from KOMP following? Give us a shout out?
Whoa, MiLB.TV!? Too deep for this point in my life... Right? u on this?
Steve, sorry to hear of your dad's passing. Thoughts & prayers are with you & your family.
Foul ball in most stadiums = double in Fenway
I'm going to sleep ..... Fuck it
I'm good:) why the winky face? hahah u?
Frankie- Your site is HOT love the FRIENDS track! thanks for the WOODSTICK 2010 interview! Best to you in new project endevor
Ivan: I saw Paul eating raw onions....just like Shrek =S
I live like a hermit in my own head.
Scholarship funds generated from last year's GHAPFM talent show. APPLY now!
Between 14-27 million people would lose coverage from Medicaid under the Paul Ryan budget.
We want to hear from you! Do you think failure leads to success?
Finally saw Julie & Julia! Like everyone said, I loved Meryl Streep as Julia Child, found I didn't really care too much about Julie.
"The police are the protectors of the corporate elite."
Tito Jackson at Jackson Square groundbreaking thanks the governor for the idea of generational responsibility: building a strong legacy.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.-- William James
Looks dont matter as much if they drive a sexy ass truck, with a lift, and stacks, and have a crotchrocket
I'll hold you close and show you that you're not broken.
Duo at Corner BLOC tonight 7:30-9:30 pm, saxophonist Joel Land will be joining me. 3101 Price ave
Dbacks Win, Well Take it!
*Gasp* #Shuthefrontdoor No. Wth?! A mix of emotions has hit me... Lol
suzanne collins is so much more than amazing what
haha! I need too. I watched this one behind the scene video of Selena's new movie "springbreakers." VERY DIFFERENT!
so over school, so over licking valley, so ready to graduate.. #howmuchlonger?
I'm back from Hawaii ~ plumeria in tow. Full moon approaching, so that explains why I'm all kinds of stressed out over dating long distance
You're welcome That's great to hear! Have a great day!
Want to guest write for our blog? Message me.
exactly, you be wantin to scratch and you can't. worst feelin smh
Someone on FB just ripped on a proverb he clearly interpreted incorrectly. I can't handle these people sometimes.
The World's Longest Golf Course is the International Golf Club in Massachusetts, a long par 77, 8325-yards, from the tiger tees.
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
she got plenty to do with you pops shoulda pulled out lmao
That's good to hear :) Well I'm not doing so good right now. Lol,yeah it is. Suprised you replied
#Follow Friday fabulous support for #Miami #Artists. I went to the SeminArt at Cifo last night... really great Thanks!
RT One of my kids just tattled on the other for "being stereotypical again" #awesome // I hope my kids grow up to be like yours
...Yet, recession and budget cuts have disproportionately impacted these communities.
Fighting off a cold @ barbot. Curse this fleshy suit.
I wish I could take photos in the courtroom so I could show you how many attorneys are involved in the #INStateFair lawsuits. Tons!
his jock
when is f(x) coming back and & are we getting a fanclub name? when is f(x) coming back & when are we getting a fanclub name? when is f(x) co
has a great suit on!
I wonder if BarRAZA op research show the convent Dame? I was studying but didn't finish theology degree, I thought about being a nun.
what is it?
“Remember this! Adversity is easier to endure than an unfulfilled dream.” George Zalucki
#ChrisDavis asked to report to #OPACY early for grounds crew duty.
ack. I see you from afar and you rockin' the cap.
": Ughh I cant wait till my bday"when is it
Happy Friday! Would be great to collaborate sometime.
I'm in NYC.
But ima cheat dis sunday....ima get sum frozen family dinner entrees an make a meal....
...and to think I was mocked for saving those beautiful slabs of pure, natural motivation!
your not alone, you will always have your chico ;D
Gmail is down - does that mean everyone gets today off?
Why the LoC hate? Just curious
Spent the morning Love listening to Blessings for a great week!
Sell out both of their arenas no matter who they're playing!?! Koch (10,500) and Intrust Bank (15,000) #wheredeydodatat..... SHOCKER NATION
Time to go to bed... had to destroy some christmas noobs before bed....
What's good dude I haven't talked to you in forever.
Locked in the studio
Shooting first. RT : What was Harrison Ford doing in my dream last night??
#4444 both of you are gorgeous! I ship you on the left with Harry and you on the right with Liam :)
Sounds like you MIA folks got a great DJ for the opening #AAM2012 party
maybe since I will already be there. But I'm stuck on this paper for now
Minnesota Twins - you're making my heart hurt. I'm waving my homer hanky, I'm pacing the room! Please please please...
pickels and stout
If you are seeking for a or even levels range learning method, look at the certification of the institution
Since when do Republicans care about the middle class!!! Obama does!!!
Who did even watch the twitcam last time? Ethan was like "MATT LET ME GO I WANNA PLAY, I DON'T LIKE TWITCAM OKAAY". LMFAO
hm maybe i will try again and see if i die then...
Kurt Warner's first NFL commentator game for Fox will be this Sunday--Saints vs. Cardinals. Should be one to watch!
Pride and Prejudice FREE - Android Apps
Hi, ! Thanks for following me!
soo BASICALLY, whenever tweets something it trends.
Thank you kind sir.
I've been making different shit lately and its been turning out pretty good
First flakes of the season falling in Chicago - beautiful!!
I think I'm going to spell 'naive' with the umlaut over the i for now on, because the unaccented spelling doesn't make any sense, sorry.
happy birthday! :) hope you have an amazing day<3
Austin Mahone is AMAZING rt if you think so too :)
#FF to stay up to date on diverse activities going on in #sandiego & interesting topics relating to #diversity!
wink or smiley or a follow would be nice :]
Nice..glad to hear it! Keep up the good work!
RT : The self is not something one finds, it is something one creates. ~ Thomas S. Szasz
pleasure following you, follow us back
because that's how life is
: we may regret the move very much comes playoff time...
Hungry? Burgerville's rosemary fries & choc cherry shake can't be missed! up from OCC on mlk
Old Chicago pizza building finally getting cleaned up like yosemite -
This is the last stand either come with me or see my back walk away..
Chris, you are an inspiration to us all. Both on and off the field. We're all behind you! Stay tough and focused.
Really can't tell you how I feel right now...
I forgot about my nigga!!! Pssssh that's the squad rite here too bwaaaay
Steven A Smith has a lot on his mind to express on ESPN2 today
I'm hoping there's no satanic ritual involved, but if that's what it takes to get the train moving again...
me too, looking fwd to checking it out
2. was fatter than the dough boy....drinking problem....got into physical fights a lot ... threatened to hit me ... mentally unstable
Not yet Silkk...
In Doc, we trust
What was your favorite part about this weekend? Reply for a #FREE sample of Closing Time #Hangover Supplement ;)
The people behind me keep making out so I let out a smelly fucking fart to pay my sweet revenge on them <U+03C8>(`<U+2207>´)<U+03C8>
on the other hand, a linear prezi is just a tarted up PowerPont.
like if a girl says no, you don't procede to get naked. #fuckingweirdo no wonder u like to grind your dick on anything that moves
Terry's presentation on the wonk campaign was fascinating-hoping to see some of it in person in DC!
That's right.
Thanks for the #FF. I'm a fan of your tweets too!!
In memory of Karen Roberson's mother ~Jacquelin Ruth Woods~ When angels whisper amongst the clouds + reach to take your hand, you must go...
same here.
lol I'm just playing sis, you know I love you
Everyday at 11:11 I make the same wish, that I will meet even if ppl continuously tell me it won't happen ;)
I just assume all teachers associated with "yearbook" have had to murder someone at some point.
Mobile X86 chip from Intel.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is scooping up handfuls of earth and giving them to members of the crowd.
Told et nigga I would pass out of his class
I've been watching the #DALatUTA game on DVR. What did Boler and Harpring have to say about West's tech on Hayward?
At St. Thomas University! So happy today is my last day for this semester!
no go for me boys
He had a conversion slide earlier; something like 7% of YouTube viewers purchased through their website.
RT: “: Ray J's publicist tells CNN that a bodyguard whose name is also "Ray" found Whitney Houston's body. Ray J did not."
girls with boyfriends are stupid. girls with boyfriends that are with me are cool.
I'm so hungry, and so lazy. What's a man to do?
wait for me... I gotta get my g string n 6in platforms !!
page for the business side
just applied to three colleges (=
I hate being sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Well, well it's back to school! How was your summer break?
Very bullish on Netflix stock (NFLX). NFLX market cap is too low. NFLX on its way to 150+. Stock market has bottomed. Bullish on AAPL too
I hope that bitch chokes on a chicken bone one day. Or something. I don't fkn know. She doesn't deserve to be a mother.
#ThePerfectFan Are the people who are there for ..... Mahomies<3
Thirty minutes at the gym..........check that off my list :-)
Hello Twitter Team- Gordon Here saying hello and to remind you i have found a amazing JV /Funding source for Your commercial deals. email
had a fun time on #RadioSuzy1 / Good Times /
I hear China is looking for a new minister for The Golden Shield Project. I think you would be a great fit. The pay is good too!
I keep thinking about a meeting where Dennis Hayes urged us to double down on the Kindle. smart man.
Who's down to come with to Pure Aloha with me?
I like to put Aunt Jemima next to the Uncle Ben in my pantry. I'm hoping for a love connection
Finishing up gorilla fight, down to tuning and programming... starting a new EP tomorrow and have to do a lot of writing this week
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 19
excited for brianna... baby boy asher turned out to be a baby girl!
u have a new #? Text me
Boost your customer Services and entice your guests with Infinity Menu
I Really Thought You Were The One. But It Was Over Before It Begun. So Hard For Me To Walk Away But I Know I Cant Stay!.
Why is everyone fighting about what school is better when we all know you hate your school?
Weird how thoughts and dreams of things that aren't really happening (yet) can physically change and move you.
No pressure though
And on that note... derby fans everywhere DRINK
"The Chairman of the Board" will be in full force tonight to support #TheEmbassyLTD. Best of luck tonight!
Paranormal??? Love it when I hear glass shattering in my house and I go investigate the noise and nothing is amiss.
Sending a special Monday shout out to all of my newest followers! Thanks for connecting, and I look forward to our conversations to come...
I am so into this Reds game. It's scaring me a little.
Really awesome!!! When?
Tonight at midnight tune in to for part 1 of our interview!
and I always have the best lunches
i must say, i do not think i have ever witnessed a poorer performance on offense than what the bears demonstrated last night
I can’t decide which is more stupid: Michele Bachmann’s husband's ideas on curing homosexuals or Michele Bachmann’s ideas on everything?
welcome to twitter!
There are no friends like old friends!
why is that?curious as to why u say that.
Like me, Robert Caro doesn't want to think about Lyndon Johnson at home.
Wth are u buying at the porn shop? Edible bikinis? Lol :P
Of course the dmv is closed. That would be too convenient for it to be open today.
Cain is rapidly approaching Palin status (it ALMOST stops being fun pointing out all the wrong/ridiculous things he says)
Wishin I could remeber that girls name and number from last night...damn she was fine
You mean the world to me
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore your annoying nothing else
Tried telling them,U PICKING THE WRONG TEAM--->
Ian himself was in our store today schooling us all on how to make perfect pizzas!
Yep, I was active on the Twitter side of it. I agree that better tailoring of message would be good.
lmfaooo jk u know i would go !
where you at
jake was medatating in the pool..
im taking a break from cod, too much bs in that game i just rage whenever i play
Office Football Pool – How to Play – Free ... - most super bowl wins
so luv you :)
Have fun at last nights FIN-NAL-E at the Funny Bone? We did, thanks for coming out.
The best healer is good cheer.
I'm tired watching them!
Half price bottles +half price burgers = winwinwin
Congrats, Let us know if we can help you out with sound and lighting.
Well thanks! It is definitely different than Facebook!
where we're you guys at?
another player looking to play maybe for ky
New Followers! we're happy to see you :]
couldn't agree more :)
I'd love for others to be faces too, except everyone who writes or contributes keeps moving away
I am trippn ppl think I'm short.... I 6'4 in high school...smh
Real Cubs fan wouldve run that thing over!!
People crack me up. Keep telling yourself that, buddy. Let me know how that works out for you, lol.
www.ModernJunto.com Just updated again!
It's pretty good so far, lol
Got a serato box for sell. 275
Seems the Twitter theme of the day is #Health. Let us pursue the good kind. #Mind, #Body, and
test tweet
you realize that other people can read your Twitter messages, right?
Think it might be time to switch up the name...
We spend so much time complaining about the glass half empty that we forget to drink the half glass of water we do have.
Winter Weather Advisory:
Congrats!!!!! That will make for a great 2012!!
ha, just a little bit. Great info - thanks!
Sometimes, all it takes is one voice.
DANK GATES
that's a lovely picture you got there anthony. lololol
Perhaps they do, in fact, still use catalog cards? Perhaps it's a hipster vintage library.
This sounds mean but I hate seeing a poor puppy with a homeless down on their luck individual :( two mouths to feed instead of one.. Sad.
Happy Baby Mama Day!!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 75
Just spoke with Bob from turning colors!
Sheer luck on finding the nest. I was showing off the garden to someone who just happened to glance at it in just the right way.
We are out of napkins at my house.. Time to make a trip to McDonalds
Travel Goal #1 (Make Excellent Time): Achieved. Doorstep to doorstep in 9:22!
#lmao so true
You know what she said, Mother Dearest? "Well & look like nice boys. So who's those rappers you know?"
It wouldn't hurt to try online a few times. Who's your team?
But while you wait you should rock out to #fastlife () #hunterhayes () & #YouGotMe ()!
Don't even matter I know it will be slappin either way
I dont care if your gay, atheist, Jewish black, white, fat, skinny, fucking vegetarian. Idgaf. I just want someone who can relate.
oh, God yes. I'm literally shaking right now
Only in Brownstown is there a liquor store with no liquor
Clear Edge -The Hillsboro fuel cell company stayed mum after an initial close of the Series E — $13.5 million
Guilty as charged. It's my extra meat tooth.
People who don't know how to whisper <<<< #shutup !
We've upgraded to version 3.03 of WordPress... please let us know if you run into any problems!
gotta get girl friend... too bored alone... -sigh-
Yep! Shellfish and ragweed, discovered well past childhood. (Hang in there!)
Yeah, but it sure takes a while to spell it all out :-)
All day today when you purchase an oil change you will receive a FREE tire rotation. Must mention to our cashier for your Facebook special!
Goddamnnn. stop with all the big girls shit lol
My teachers are performing a song and they are amazing they are the bestestestest
me and lilia? ;)
Getting familiar with my new galaxy tab
You already know
Brainstorming a lot of great ideas for the site. I have a feeling we won't be letting anyone down.
....my booty is so heavy!
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
A thing of #beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness. - John Keats
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
please tell me the first show is 2 hours long I just cant wait
"Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed"
if I worked at Soundcloud, I'd add a '#play' at the end of the url in the "og:url" <meta> tag
Anyway, good morning.
My time in Detroit was short and sweet.
My wife just got me a Islander MT-4 ukulele for my early birthday! Add that to my Kala and Flea, and I'm pretty sure I've gone Uke crazy.
wtf? what have we ever done to you victorians? what have we done to deserve this hate? y r u guys hating on Ariana? and DAN? (c)
: double dose of Zoloft oughta do it.
14 school days left.! c:
OH MY GOD IM IN THE RUNNING FOR BEING NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And, no digging deeper than 18 inches into the sand. Will the Baywatch team be enforcing this? :-)
I can feel myself getting fatter as I drink
thank you!!!
OMG!! This Plyonetric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!! What a sweat....OMG!!!
#LetsDoThis -- get me to 250 followers by the end of the week! Fingers crossed
:Welcome to #teamiphone <---YEAH!
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
People say that age is just a state of mind
if I have Foster, who do I need to pick up, Slaton or Ward?
#MahoneToLA that's so exciting #ForeverAMahomie (;
Hi Linda! Hope you are doing well!
RT ": I love Wolf Blitzer but why is he shouting? It's like getting election results from the Town Crier"
that awkward moment when you're a huge biotch!
Shout out to ALL our new followers :D thanks so much guys!! Make sure to follow too! Love yall
High and Tight. Lets get Hot! Tooooowmoootor!
i quess u tryna take my twitter name.
hi i love you
Just bought my 3rd pair of in one week! 2 Zsa Zsas & one other blingy . Amazon, Endless & Neiman's Last Call. Great prices!
Your hollandaise never disappoints. Crab cakes eggs benedict with avocado. Wife is happy. Mothers day successful. Thank you.
And you never took me out to play. So I let the music go and lead me astray. Keep wanting everything on the plate.
Orange Mound
bored in physics. ready to be out of school!
Transformers 3D was awesome.Director Michael Bay did an outstanding job.Two thumbs way up!Mr.Bay more than meets the eye.
Following advice from #Fallcleaning today. Basement & closets done. Now the office. Salvation Army and I are both happy.
don't listen to that hater she's just jelly that ur prettier than her
Today is a prime example why I don't like doctors.
RT : Late night text means grab that latex
At the open meeting on the future of Jefferson County Farmers Market. Great to hear vendors and customers thoughts
The average human produces 25,000 quarts of saliva (spit) in a lifetime. That is enough saliva to fill 2 swimming pools!
Cymbalta can help.
Quote of the Day: Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious....Bill Meyer
End of season lines are hilarious.
you're pic
tonight. Excited for the Menken score.
I dare you to tweet me, so I can scream and have a reason<U+2665>
do u have a biz manager to contact about speaking/endorsements?
That was the first I heard too. Then I heard my body & I was hooked. I hadn't gotten to listening to the whole album though.
Fuck no longer works...tried it this morning, actually.
Working through every gin in the world and keeping a log...this is going to be fun!
another early day
Thanks for following me. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets! Adam
Hey! Who's excited about the Chicago Zine Fest being just TWO WEEKS AWAY? Workshop schedule & floor map release coming in the next few days.
Lmao... I'm still up
Look at what time it is LOL! :-D
Pretty sure that urine smell isn't me.
this is tragic...
I'm not even going to it. *shrugs* I'll just go pick up what ever award I got tomorrow.
Aww...are those tears I see, #Coyotes ?! Better dust off those golf clubs!
Old Master Laotse Was surnamed the "Long-Eared" - Ancestor rabbit. (Ref: Kakuzo, Book of Tea, p39)
Twitter y u no easy to use!?!? (anyone?)
My pleasure! It was a terrific piece. RT thanks for sharing my modern love story!
Don't know anymore
I'm waiting to pick my days off. I haven't wanted to be back at school more. This is mind numbing.
Everyone needs to get out to #NEXTBEACHWOOD why? Cause the deals are so good!
keep hating on Tebow, he'll be the guy winning football games
iPad apps without Retina icons look so much worse than iPhone apps without Retina icons simply because they're so large.
Nice speaking with you. Have a fab weekend.
play "So Many Girls" please!
Excited for the Oscars tonight. I'm gonna get all dressed up and act like I'm actually there on the red carpet and stuff.
sure thing!! We'll touch base w/ you sometime this upcoming week :-)
ahaam :O a carol ta no fb
Lookin at the third base coach, I think he just put on a hit and run<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Frustrated being at the mercy of dealerships service depts. I've been totally hosed by Rickenbaugh Volvo's incompetency-to the tune of $7K.
Interesting observation. You think so?
Looking for the path to growth and success
In about 15 plus years.
People so is #DreamChasers2 better then the first one?????
heck yeah ur gon be a straight up g watch everyone be up on u haha ;p
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there. If your doing it alone or with help Happy Mothers Day.
So who is going to set up a #geekup? Do I have to do it?! :)
Omw to wrk, these ppl called me in early as shit but I'm not mad..
And Lil Kim.
my calls to white house for confirm/deny have not been returned. where oh where is the transparency?
I want to come back soon and just come crash with you for a.few days. Gonna keep a lookout for cheap airfare.
first tweet down, many more to go...
TREMENDOUS advice, Spoon. I high recommend The New Yorker and Wall Street Journal.
thats just it though......its not just me that would be loosing twitter..
Glad to be in NYC--heading out for a day of shopping (and window shopping) uptown. Spent all day yesterday downtown.
I guess you could say! This is my solo project from my band
Just signing on to twitter and getting acquainted with how it goes.
Yaaaay, they married :D
I see well I gotta get trucking again time to go thru Chicago on my way back to WI
Mike Trout is recalled today. Being pulled up prior the all star break means that our owner will need to protect him as an S1 next year.
What's #nowplaying? Say it! Shout it out! Sing it! Dare ya ~;-D
uh 200 minus 175. im not in school. im too lazy to figure it out.
What kitchen cooking smell makes you happiest? Cinnamon rolls in the oven? Onions frying in butter? Brownies?
That didn't sound the way it's supposed to. I'm with you now.
“: Did you know there is a Geneva NY? - I do, I grew up about an our away from there in Rochester, NY :)
Who is this year's VCU? Well, it's VCU of course. Shaka Smart is amazing. This was expected to be a rebuilding year.
You should check out from too!
Just got an MRI. Still not sure why I had it done in a recording studio. The tech went in the booth & played a bunch of dubstep for me.
lol u look so funny today jkkkk u lokk super awesome jk u look weird =D
Currently looking at a punk version of an ex on the subway. That's weird.
Kevin Na has driver problems.
Are you a girl? And you have a "small ass" ? I have a solution for you.!
Wishing everyone a happy and prosperous new year!
Well Done!
agreed and the healing time would stink. Worst I ever did was my back piece then a 6 hour plane ride the next day.
. do you ever engage your followers or do you just push blog content? Twitter is about dialogue.
#ECHELON3000 TONIGHT HOUSE PARTY EDITION WITH LIVE ! Ladies Free All Night !
Go Spurs Go!!
The CIRCUMASTANCES you're in are probably because of the CIRCLE of people you're in. Be thankful for your REAL friend(s).
I hope so, keep him on the bench
Thanks, Jen! And thanks for the heads up about STUCK! :)
“: Who's getting the new Canon 5D mark 3?” The same people that I'm going to buy my cheap, used 5D Mark 2s from!
Ha! I'd be tempted to go into excruciating detail about how little sleep you get, how you never have time for friends.
"Well-behaved women seldom make history." Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
Massage chair while I wait for my Q ! :-)
I was the same way.
Hey, tweeps -- where should I go for authentic Kansas City BBQ when I'm there for ?
Do you think the #Mets should still acquire another SP?
Loved this week's #Community spoof of Law and Order. Spot-on and hilarious.
Enjoyed working on #Bones April 17. (parole board member) -- great job directing! Thanks for having me!
Not a chance! NC.
okay me and my friends are watching your videos and you are just so great and gorgeous hahaha x
Professor evaluation
All weekend campin' with my homy.
forgot to poop yesterday. Now can't poop until tomorrow. Want to poop.
Sunday Football!! If it's on we're playing it on one of our 50 HD TV's!
We laughed too much
Best ski tuner in Seattle, that guy. And mighty good skier too.
was fairly good, great new space, small men's department
Reading makes me want to start blogging again. If only I could buy 1 or 2% of your enthusiasm, Ener ;) Congrats on the webstats.
lo lo lo l-o-v-e!!! I haven't heard this song in forever!
she's 4'11 and can party harder than all my friends combined
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when someone grinds my gears
Go karts in the neighborhood
Off to Aol's 25th celebration with Chuck Close !
The Urban Tour Host had a great day at the Mimo Festival on Biscayne Blvd on Sat. March 20th, 2010
Going to get some bedtime watch ha movie
Getting goin with a shot of Guatemala Huehuetenango Finca Rosma... Roasted to the first snaps of 2nd crack.
you suck:)
The story of CATCHER FREEMAN
leggo I got a couple of freestyles done lol on some play play ish
Mary Marlino announced the official hashtag for the NCAR workshop:
April 21 inshallah :) have you set yours?
OK, enough shameless name dropping for today lol back to work for me. Toodles!!
Why can't relationships be perfect?
Awww;) ...its ok if you don't have the answers:) RT : "love was never meant to bind together like a safety pin." www.joyike.com/blog
so raven is gay now?
You know you're a parent when you're counting to yourself, and you still go "ah ah ah" after each number.
Bloom's Taxonomy of CItizen History: Data Collection, Transcription, Connections, Synthesis, Reflection (ty !)
RT - New England Patriots VS Miami Dolphins
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
did you get in!?
well hello darling :) how have you been?!
Shoutout to my friend jose! sexy circles!
Tonight 6:30 MOL reunion @ Federation - no dinner, just snacks - eat before! :-)
And I already have! Lol *fighter stance* j/k :) RT : bieber? Really? u could probably beat that chick up
I could see how in certain cases an eyepatch could look cool, like if you were say on a pirate ship and also a ghost
nice! the new version is feeling pretty good.
a friend of a friend. We have met before, I just don't know if you remember.
ASDFGHJKL THIS SONG IS INCREDIBLE
Please join us Sunday, December 5th @ The Good Luck Bar. Writers reading: Diane Lefer, Steve De Jarnatt, Robin Ekiss, and Candace Pearson.
I miss this duo
Parking at target is always a hot damn mess
None laying down, waiting impatiently for tomorrow!
church brew works with the Pesce's
Did you know that many churches are now installing ATM machines? Heaven is now just a swipe and pin number away!!!
u got it!
cant wait to see them :)
Last night I felt like it was Thursday night, so was also expecting Friday. Such a letdown!
NO, slutty girl problems would be both of my hot, gay drinking dates canceling on me tonight
#spam tweet
Don't be ashamed to being faithful, fucking every girl u meet not only gets u more friends, it gets u STD's
what did he do?
or my lovely mother wants to surprise me with tickets LOL WAIT...
I can't even smoke because that would involve me stepping down from my bed and out of my room. That's just not happening.
This thunder/lightning is getting serious.
He still aint text back .
so cute
If they can run the ball into the end zone . . .
DailyHookahTip#160: Check out the new washable hoses , less than $10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
I can buy the tickets!
Rodents of Unusual Size. I'm sure you're familiar.
RT Flyer fans can sleep easy knowing they won that Stanley Cup in the first round.
Good morning bro Just checking to make sure you’re OK. :-)
time for some quality time with
well it's nice and vulnerable so take advantage while you can ;)
“: 1st thing Larry Brown did at SMU is tell captain your not good enough to play for me. Ur off the team but still on schol” Ouch!!
is that a diss?
what did he say?
Who else is in boston for st patty's?!
Thank you RT IGF consultations asked about human right protection for participants, especially local participants, at
I would love to go shopping with you again! I need some new summer things. I have the Sci Fi conference coming up
I tried so bad hard to make it on my own,,,, killing myself is the best thing to do at this point,, no job no money
thanks for the follow
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
On National Day of Prayer, which of the thousands of gods are we to pray too?
Just looking for a bone player now....
Obama in Houston OMG
Congrats to ! Their production of 1776 is their highest grossing production since the theatre reopened in '68.
great actress since she was younger but now she is the best!!!
"How can we translate good policies & intentions into action on #SRHR ?" Q raised @ #CPD2012 Side event org by Norway, Finland, Kenya,
I'm still trying to remember Saturday night... I feel like I saw you.. True or false?
RT : filmic comics has rhetorical frustration #CCCC2011 I sent this one. Not my best composition.
Yeah I'll just mute you
Come eat lunch with us today. Everything is $9 with drink and homemade truffle chips!
no thanks god I wasn't! Her co-owners were taking a good care of her account! and they worked so hard to get her to 200K! :'(
Hoping everyone had a fun filled Holiday weekend! Re-energize with one our amazing espresso drinks!
New resolution: never carry an umbrella. Rain can bring people together
What an amazing yet long funeral. I don't need church for like um forever now..
I reeaaaaallly want to hear 's "I'm Not A Gangsta"!! I love that jam!
hopefully i feel better along the night
I have seen him in many PBS/History Channel/random other nerdy specials. Does he do novels? I'm afraid I'm in a novel phase.
#wiunion MT Congress can no longer build bipartisan coalitions | Nation's welfare now takes a back seat to corporate Failure!
Those judges are FUCKING stupid ass cunts.
Gardens in Pensacola Country Club area and Marcus Pointe to be featured in ... - Pensacola News Journal
some days, any calories in their bellies are better than none. (I know this is late, but I love your redesign, btw)
Your hurting me like really bad!!!!!:-)
Bored as monopoly ...wow that was really cheesy anyways anyone that wants to talk im here ..being bored :)
well damn. You switchin jobs like you do #'s. Lol.
Thank you, my dear friends. Much love and many hugs!
NIKKI. When you're "Love" sick, then you can blame me
No problem!
“: RT French and German teachers: Follow to see how she tweets with her students! #langchat” cool!
Last person to leave. Fantastic
#Lmao! RT : NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself.
Thats not true. I was standing by at 1pm and was able to get to the ticket purchasing page. SLACKER!
rainbow sparkles(;
Hi ! My husband is a total geek when it comes to sports stats- Any advice for getting his foot in the door at ESPN? Thanks :)
This Just In: We will be selling Koontown at the Fenton Street Market in Silver Spring, MD, on May 26th.
GORGEOUS day in Long Beach! Lots of people out enjoying Alamitos Bay. Come soak up the sunshine on a hydrobike!!
I swear my Pandora going in right now, and my son fell asleep on me. Good.
this is gonna be good!!! Look at our babies go! :)
noo not at all !
So Green Day is making a trilogy of albums. They better make me want to rip my heart out and barf this time. It's been too long.
BTS is lookin good!!! Should be done with it tnight!
Just got my ticket, too! It's gonna be awesome!
Hearing lots of ideas about what it'll take to improve public education in San Diego at a Parent Empowerment Summit in Balboa Park.
(Rich) Wow... Couple of possible Class A EVP's now from Nick. Look forward to analyzing further. Still have my audio and video to review!
: Enjoy Nola, Sally!
I can't get enough of Sophia Grace and Rosie. If the whole world had their happy attitudes, we'd be alright.
In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.
I hope so. Sometimes I get very lonely and depressed when I dont have sex for a long time.
RT : I don't buy many books but wd want 2 w/Kindle. ... If local library were better, I wouldn't even consider it.
If you have had a spouse for more then a year, then you are in a same sex marriage
Relaxation Drinks?! How about a caffeinated snack! For those on the go!
I need Everyones Help. Go to Stumbleupon.com and and rate me .. its helps with SEO work
melly! How are you?
It's technically not too late to drive up here!
why not, I think you're worth all that and more. And we will...it'll be unforgettable, I can tell already :)
Grrrrrr I think I broke my phone....
Love me when I least deserve it cause that’s when I really need it
After receiving 0% of vote at MN-8 DFL convention, is up w/radio ad. When will go negative on Tarryl?
tima tour passed you guys. thats sad. We passed you on the long line. How good did you get tipped
I am watching old icarly episodes. FREDDIE is way more sexier now
Creating new Facebook business pages for Florida DUI lawyers. Make sure your firm has a good Facebook campaign.
Got a question about your relationship? Email . Your letter may be read onair! DearJohn airs Sunday at 9AM!
Whenever I'm stressed or angry, I clean.
overcoming 214 b...
RIP Soulja Boy ..... He died from listening to his own "music". Best hoax death ever.
I am the life-force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, at one with all that is. ~Jill Bolte Taylor
Are yall seein this shit that will smith is gay
"Rainy day, shady & gray, time to stay in & read & play." ... Instead, have slogged through to work.
#DearOomf you are hot. end of story
If anyone post's pics of Radiohead's concert tonight, I'm punching them in the face..with kisses.
i missed my number zeero today! where you been! ^-^
": I better kill this test today after all of the studying i did !!!!"Good luck today!
"call me if you need a ride, well call you a cab" #missyou #CallMeMaybe?
Up in Keene for the day!
after new album comes out, we'd love to hit SoCal. sit tite..and hope to have a cold one with ya soon!
Eddie just hit himself with my locker in the face ... good job !.
you are welcome. I need you to come back to the DMV. I'm turning 40 in Sept and I need a Fab dress.
Thanks Sean! To update you, our Founder, daughter in that pic just took her first step the other day!
I am not with anybody due to the fact that i have foreseen that of perfection which is for me and i never wanna settle for less.
where too?
I kept waiting for 2chainz to check in during the halftime show.
Week 5 #Phillyhunt Question: The back page of today's #Inquirer features a full color advertisement for which #car dealership? Answer now!
...well later on that nite late late I'm going out lol
hate is a powerful word.
BE SMART PLAY HARD WE LOVE ALL OF YOU GOD BLESS
Somebody text me the score!!! if Man U loses im blaming you..
What, no Tall Grande Venti? RT Bought 3 shares of Facebook at $38. Just sold for $40. Took the profit and bought a doughnut.
Where at?
Random S/o to she's Descarada but I love her I'm so glad to have met you I love you best friend :*
won't let me get skinny jeans. The world needs to see what junk I have in my trunk.
Do you know if there is a shuttle from there to tomorrow? Or is it hoof-able?
RIP Donna Summer, Queen of Disco. I love you.
ahahaha shes in Miami Beach so we might be able to find her somewhere lol i gtg to sleep night ;)
Kevin James flick check it out on our web page under movie section -- Baldinger
Hearing that this bitch Siri has some serious snark. Bring it on, creepy AI. BRING. IT. ON.
Have Fun(:
Unblushing iteration, Angel
What to do what to do.
Why is Apple Jacks trending? Fruity Pebbles need to trend.
Want to win a Tauntaun sleeping bag? a Kodak Playsport Zx3? an iCADE? Any number of O'Reilly books? You can, at BarCamp Rochester tomorrow!
SMOKIN THAT LA LA LALALA LA LA LA LA LA :)===~~~
What to do? Avengers? Avengers 3D? Avengers Real3D? Avengers 3D IMAX?
Whatta random day. Me likes!
Watch for the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos section in the upcoming 5/16/11 edition of the LA Business Journal. It's our best read edition!
oh no!
RT : The is tomorrow. Are you ready?
A <body/> level modifier does not yet exist. Supporting route is on the todo list, but you might want to start an issue at GitHub.
R.I.P. Dan Wheldon
Titter, twittah, twitter, twitur, twit, I'm bored
from Shoot Us Down, to your own concert. You have no idea how proud you're Mahomies are of you.<3
Thanks and for letting me hang out!
That's good to hear! Haha every time I look at your icon I can't help but smile. =P
#pdx ' budget includes approx $7.5M in one-time expenses to avoid teacher layoffs.
but now it's a bigger joke! BJ's? Yea I could go for one! Lol
#naeh12 David Wertheimer talking about creative advocrats, theory of change + using the convening power of
Nope, you're shy.
Who's your pick? Three left!
Have a nice weekend!
yes ma'am :) if it ever changes my girl loves the Walters :)
Oh okay then I'll just invite instead lol
Yay, I hope missions on the south seas won't stop him for donating!!!!
I was elected by 700 votes but govern like I had landslide. I have 8 years and will make most of it. Mayor Reed Atlanta.
Congrats to the technical team of HUGO, that film is as emotionally rich as it is technically spectacular.
Summer is just around the corner. Lovely in Las Vegas today! See you soon!
Another Naughty Dog game not named Jak and Daxter? Cmon man.
QUESTION OF THE DAY: What are some of the products your Grandparents used to clean their home?
Orr: "The #CLT airport does not cost the taxpayers one penny and has a $2billion economic impact"
hmph, my stupid brother won't let me watch the tca.. oh wells, live stream here i come!
It's that constant struggle we as humans have with our inner fundamental darkness. We need to bring our the best thats in us.
You think you're funny, huh? Now, I'm going to MAKE you watch every episode. Just wait...
I love you Wedsdays and Thursdays
Let me start telling you about the weird dream I had just so you can interrupt me and tell me about the stupid one you had.
I absolutely love looking through microscopes.
Fantastic! Great evening.
is Beloved's talented director.
A cold start with temps in the teens to near 20°, but a sunny day on the way with highs near 30° in SEWI
Pop vs Not is tomorrow at the Chance in Poughkeepsie! Still time to get tickets $12
The editing is getting better on #thePitch but lose the dramatic sound design. This ain't a ghost hunting show
ayee! I know you're kinda crazy about the song "Be Like You" & I was wondering if you'd wanna see my cover for it? :D
good game dee! Great to see you back in the bigs and back on twitter man!
Same to you! Have a great weekend.
Yep. Mulcair appearently meant the "British criminal" description, and Conrad Black took it, pejoratively.
Love the fact that it's raining in LA makes the news hahaha idiots
dance which I CANT WAIT FOR ARE FINAL
Unexpected fun to hear Scott & Todd w Kelly Ripa discussing #downtonpbs today.
Why does CBS always have to show reruns??? Pisses me off.
They were at loehmann's plaza but u just missed them! They were out there until 8:30.
Thanks for the follow! How did your team do at Lounge Bowl?
Don't. Care. About. The. NFL. Draft.
We're in the HEAT of the Monday Morning Drive.. Tie Ups on HWY 26 EB, I-5 SB & Powell Blvd up to Ross Island Bridge.
same campus, no longer a librarian tho. took an IT manager job.
If you're interested in higher profit, lower risk, new markets, and more loyal customers, then IBM's Smarter Commerce is for you.
they're live now. Mine is on Cspan3...excited to watch!
It's how I make up for not drinking or doing drugs. To each her own self-destruction.
Hi I'm hungover
Follow all of our wonderful DHC tweeters
Time slows down at 4
Mary Cook will be doing a short segment on WGN Chicago in a few minutes - tune in!
. thanks for the shout out! we appreciate it. if you want us to add a funny hashtag, just let us know.
I think baths are nasty. You just sittin there in your own dirt,lml. -__-
Bakery Cafe in Aransas Pass Texas is a must visit if you,re in the area!
Watch your bf get all mad. RT : *blushes* make my day why dont you <U+E056><U+E106><U+E417><U+E328> RT : girl of my dreams.
aw thank you! That's so sweet! <3
girl you da best :)
RT : This just in: presenting a seminar on # March 3.
Oh yay! We gotta do something b4 you leave again. Last night was funny- I was in my don't mess with me mood. Funny story 4 u!
"my reputation with the ladies Always keeps me I'n trouble Gotta take care of my babies" -max b Junius ft max b - wavy 4 life
you know i'd be more excited about austins concert if i was actually going.
This is some fkd up shit
Kelly Kelly (:
probably. But I think Wall and Cousins can both be superstars. Especially Cousins, dude's a monster. Way better than Davis will be
yay! You have been missed!
"And may the lord give guidance to the lost souls." #Np Hold It Down, J Cole.
or a sweet little kiss like in the photo!
SUCK IT YANKEES! HA HA FUCKERS!
Monday so soon?! The weekend went by way to fast :\
Would love to go to Food & Wine Classic in #aspen if we can get enough excitement for ! Fingers crossed
If someone is not responding to you, stop worrying about them. The people who want to be in your life make the time.
But here's my number, so call me maybe?
happy birthday! Hope the rehab is going well! Who Dat!
With that endorsement how can we not! I am addicted to Barrie Burgers though. Keep track and I'm at 34 :)
2d. I think Imax would be awesome
Hi all! Did you have a good weekend?
Love watching late night , great shows about moving to Paris and Dubai.
For Jeff and Jordan: Jeff, when are you and Jordan going to get married? ;)
DeCastro will go here
": ooh, fisticuffs!!"That's mo like it!
the cheese shop & the beer aisles are my favorite places in any
If you want a follow back, just ask(; im a cool iphone! But dont tell Austin... shhh
DJ ENVY ONE™ - PARTY ROCK MIX, free download on soundcloud
can you share some more info on this? I'd like to sign up. Thanks.
I need at least some motivation to do anything today.
WTF they could've tackled him ! -.-
Goodnight twitter
Welp, off to St. Louis we go! I'm up in the first session, so by 3:30pm 2mrw, I'll be feeling much calmer & all will be fun (I hope)
no go next weekend. what about tuesday night after memorial weekend ? i think jades off
Back in Half Price Land!! Looking forward to an action packed and fun filled footy year!!!
say what?
Dinner with at Lobster Shack on #Cocoa Beach ... best #quote from her "I'm from Iowa. Bacon's kinda our thing." Lol!
LOL. Won't make a diff b/c Occifer Friendly already made up his mind!
Refreshingly easy call to this afternoon. Love the real customer service!
thanks so much!! hope to see you when we're out on the road in september!
Thanks for the shout out! Always looking to hear some new DnB
I can't understand why anyone in the media would claim this. It's like no one out there has every heard of the word "ally".
Beware the ides of March :)
Yep.. May 19th! RT : you guys are playing Cool River soon, right?
Beautiful day to start #BikeToWorkWeek week, think I will.
. Shoot. I even packed you a sack lunch.
got it
Well, that was one busy week! We got a lot done though. All I see now is Ashton Kutcher on Twitter. He really is the new Charlie Sheen! lol
Fire, Football, RedBox!
Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.
Done with depressions time to raise my expectations !
How wasn't that goal tending
Just when I thought some things were untouchable. I'm appalled that someone decided to make a horror film based on Chernobyl.
If gov is a referee between businesses, as O contends, then gov enacts fairness rules, so as to maintain a productive economy.
Half-secret freak
No good mornings mentions make me feel to say a bad word or cuss for the year
#MUSICNEWS When I first listened to 'I Got Time' by Domino Go, I knew their music was something to get excited about. With an abundance o
proud owner of crossroads.
You will rise by lifting others. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Last Day Of school Tomorrow, And We going to the Beach. #CantWait ^_^
You have no idea how and I can hustle, even with a one day delay in Detroit. #SOBCon energy.
But I'm into travel PR and consumer marketing. We should keep in touch! When are you graduating?
I get a bitch and give Dick thatll tear her stomach up...!!
I will forsure!
Memphis got a BIG break right there wow
Can't stop reading about this bizarre, unbelievable story that is sweeping twitter, no not Sarah Phillips, Jeff Suppan is back
Never look back, reminising on yesterday. Smile for the future, tomorrow is a new day :) x
It's cause he's from there. Was never like that in GB! RT : What a homer that guy is RT : Bedard on Pats...
thank you so much for all of your help spreading the word of SBN. I will follow anyone who will give me the same respect! Major props!
yes she does. Your her bestfriend. And she can tell you anything.
He says he loves you now but when you say your pregnant. Bitch fuck you i never loved you, you was just a hit and run.
How is your day going ?
Um Dick Clark passed away?? :/
Nice! We will figure it out! It's what we do!
absolutely adore you
Wow. Hard to imagine someone wouldn't think that qualified for disability leave.
Ersan going off like a young Pat Cummings, getting it done.
excitement will happen!
RT HTFreebourn Stupid ass teachers think they know more about using the internet than we do! Bullshit!
I lie to feel better about letting you down .... Or to save myself the awkward moment where you realize I'm not your friend
congrats on winning the #hack award. U definitely deserved it.Our #soundbump hack was no match :) :)
#edcampCincy "If you aren't giving meaningful feedback on the paper, what's the point of assigning it?"
Are you participating in your life? Don't be stingy. If you have something to contribute...then share!
#Chevrolet mi scusi, my English is not so good.
Being named the new #3 in al-Qaida must feel a bit like being named the new drummer of Spinal Tap.
Thanks, Stan! Trying to!
“: #Gemini are lazy when it comes to work, homework, and homework yet sometimes are so helpful.” omg how'd you know?
Causing trouble for and on Facebook. As the Mayans prophesied.
If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
10 miles today making 20 this week...sharing my baked fish recipe tomorrow on the blog...catching up on now love
I dunno how that's about to work. But imma make it happen.
Is everyone having a cheesy Friday so far?
understood. I'm having my students create a digital edition (which will talk about at DHSI). Process might work better.
I miss my babe :( I just dropped him off </3
haha- I'm a huge Rush geek and I won't apologize for it.
Realizing now that I should thank myself for my foresight-ful decision to build a heavy-duty PC
I'm really interested in visiting an archaeological sight for my "you pick it", have any ideas where I might find one?
Getting my grill adjusted at the dentist.
. At Facebook the best engineers work on the software tools & back-end infrastructure that other engineers build off
An applicant willing to hand over social media passwords to an employer to land a job is likely to hand over comapny secrets for a payoff.
#musiclib2012 Welcome to Big D from the LAC! I heart MLA!
Love MD! RT : Disappointed to hear about NC but confident that marriage equality will prevail in Maryland.
Google&#39;s Blogger Lets You Upload Webcam Images
Nice! So if I was back in the UK I'd have tuned in and heard my famous artist pal talking about his latest project!
Very cool talking to you this weekend! Interested in hearing more about the
keep up the good work. Hard work pays. I see you
Last exam of the semester!
My mom babys the shit out of my brother and she expects me to do the same.
Ooh...Fresca in a Collins. M. Think I'm going to do gin, sprite, and berries as my final and easiest option.
Sorry we couldn't connect with you yesterday on the phone, we'd really like to do a call soon to discuss the Dog Fooding.
Getting PAID today :)
Any thoughts on the redditt community discussion boards?
I tried in each pre sale , woke up early twice for this and I got nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>ugh
i FINALLY had Chili's baby back ribs!! ...meh...
some people miss the boat on humorRT Madonna sucks her thumb and hasn't missed any "boat" in life. You should reconsider your logic
coming in with his remix of "Judas"
I'd have a million favorites
Nothing's funny when it you..
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. -Josh Billings
#NJD and #Flyers off to a very physical start. Obvious one team is playing for their playoffs lives.
thanks richard
Its unwatchable compared to 'The Fourth Direction' starring Shia Labouef & Morgan Freeman
congrats on all the great reviews for The Angry Buddhist!!
MaYbE cAusE theY wEre OpeN aNd thE ShOT CloCK wAS gOiNg doWN
Austin: Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe. Say somethin' baby don't be so shy. Me: SOMETHIN'.
fair enough...
I hate Time Warner Cable :/
#GOODMORNING MY DUDE!!!
Always gotta count on lebron choking on key free throws
The required exclamation when driving thru Illinois: tolls suck!
We fight because we care
Ok I'm ready to see The Avengers again.
RT : Presenting Twitter & PLN to school librarians today. How does Twitter help you? Why is PLN important? Please RT!...
Power of that P.
can you guys also bring chicken stars please
Damn Vanderbilt actually won at something
I would rather takes shots of battery acid than watch 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'
I'll admit, I don't know what rock <ahem IE6> I've been living under. But I am LOVING Google Chrome with all the cool integration and apps!
EMA at Mercury Lounge just went on sale!
Sitting down at my desk and finding many other things to do besides the taxes I said I'd get done this afternoon.
I new u were some type of hispanic. Lol :))
May 31 is our next #HappyHour! We'll be at , so if you're one of those planner types, it's time to mark it on your calendar!
that guy was awesome!
Sure. I have never seen that strict of a comment spam filter on a public site.
RT : What's your favorite Burt Bacharach song?
When life shits bricks you're gonna need more than toilet paper.
Stay as long as you want. Mi casa es su casa. Call any time for address and directions: 619 249 4344
Watchin' 's How To Make It In America in the #EmmyFYC package. Good eps!
hahaha! You need like therapy or something!
Worth every minute of the two hour wait “: I'm at Frontera Grill & Topolobampo (445 N Clark St, at W Illinois St, Chicago)"
President should be out too.
I realize everyone there is excited about your new home page design. However, your most valuable content is in your blog posts.
Does anyone else have a strange addiction to reading #groupon discussions? Just me?
occasionally....from time to time
Also, big upswing in crohn's disease in kids: another autoimmune related disorder.
I will bet you 20 bucks you'll never see a classroom again. You will work in ed, but not as a teacher.
can this get any weirder? :O
Hi! Sorry- my co worker needs someone local to come in to our office. I'll reach out if something changes
taking full advantage of V-Day. Reaching her target and offering love expertise on The View and Nate Berkus today
Nobody knows what am feeling inside, I fined it so stupid so why should I hide, that i want to make love to you baby!
She be fukin wit Ordinary niggaz
Absolutely! Congrats on the new project.... see you in Memphis in August. ;)
If u ain't noticed nigga I don't give a fuk!!
Fitness #photoshoot this weekend. Check back Sunday for updates.
Looking over the categories I'll be judging for the Webby Awards. Always fun to recognize how much the web improves each year.
cant wait until this saturday SOLO FEST WOOP WOOP !!! last year got a 28 out of 28 for instrumental and a 26 out of 28 for vocal woop woop!
the only "free" that can be attained is in the mind. That's it. That's all.
i get my braces off tomorrow .
Scary monster! :)
lmao “: The bitch Mel caught stealing prolly the same 1 that left my house with MY draws on. Lmao”
..pumping that "pieces of a man " by AZ....#classic shit
I'll knock some hoes out at work, already told 3broads off
ugh I'm crossing my fingers for good weather it just CAN'T rain
I love the new Dr. Pepper 10 & it's cute lil purple-grey can! (Not for women, my ass.)
dat boy is mine
kid cudi ;) let's have babies <3
I'm not aware of any platform that does not track some activity. The one I am most familiar w/ is SharePoint/NewsGator
omg i swea andriod is like EXTRA slow..!!
": I'm getting older, heart getting colder.. #.ISwear"
After some routine maintenance, we are now OPEN ! It's Prime Rib Monday at Memphis Minnie's. See you soon...
Watchin #UtahStateFootball kick some #bobcat ass!!
thanks for the bollow... what was the inspiration behind your profile photo?
So excited to be in San Fran to rep Medical Heritage Library at
RT : #Rams Steven Jackson leads all active RBs in rushing attempts -- by 348. Isaiah Pead's time coming sooner rather than later.
Wisconsin scholars Won
Don't Fuck With Family.
haha me too.. almost did just now but caught myself
RT : Great nonprofit program founded by Top Fuel Dragster to teach our teens safe driving-Plz...
Keyword: Backup. RT : Buddy Nix on VY: '“We think adding Vince will create more competition for backup quarterback position.
i miss you turds
Can't wait! Plan to read it w/ my 15 year old.
Thanks so much for the RT Alex and thanks for reading the post!
Loading the bus to head to the arena. Looking forward to the boys regrouping and taking one from the Huskies. We'll take a split
Great Lil Kickers classes this morning. The kids are pumped up for spring. More classes Saturday morning.
When you text someone you've been friends with almost all year and you get "who is this" as a reply<<
your bad :/
If anyone is interested I will be signing books at Barnes and Nobles from 3pm until removed by security.
One of #Banzai's goals is to bring our low-calorie, healthy sushi to schools around the country in an effort to fight childhood obesity!
Induction ceremony
if you dont like juicy j then keep it to yourself !
I hate weak ass niggas
It looks like we will be offering #FREEBLOODGLUCOSEMACHINES and testing strips at $15/box of 50!
no I told u when I'm coming home lol...and technically that's early
Bro. I Need A Boyfriend. I Hate Being Single. <U+2639><U+2602><U+2717>
Agree! He wasnt that funny! : Kimmel is talking too fast; started off great but kind of eh after that
you too! thx for all the great social networking tips! i have some work to do :)
My vision is so blurry right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Today I just want to tell everyone to "SUCK IT!"
hey...not to be rude, but who are you?
They SHOULD call ME butter CUZ I'm so SMOOTH!")
Soon I going to kesha game
i use it for brainstorming or i make cards out of it or mix cd covers
Learned a lot about being a domainer at the #dallasseo talk last night.
WAHOOOOOO!!! :D Super happy for you! :P High tops rule :P
apartment hunting tomorrow .
At the County hearing on their General Plan Update. Only took what seems like 20 years. Should have taken another 20 to get it right!
RT : Act like I don't have to be awake in 4 hours (This. I definitely have class in the morning, lol.)
now it's reality
Ah, the smart person fantasy... RT BRILLIANT sketch on SNL called "Comments Section."
I think this ALL the time. <U+2764>
Glad you think so, thanks for sharing!
": #ifiMadeit I would shoot movies all day" I know would
let's just say I win and then we won't have to fight! :) haha!
Hey! My maiden name is Palin. Just kidding.... I've never been married.
Yeah I know.
he died when Austin was 16 months old :(, but i dont know how he died
OPEN THIS PIT UP!
So, you're not mad at what I said?
Don't be mad that i'm backstage at every show.
hahah yeah omg but believe me I kno. He's 100% single :)
Tired of your opinions.
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty
Something about the holiday season always reminds me of how Mariah Carey was relevant 20 years ago
I've got a fever!
We're glad you found us too! RT- Coop's BBQ... I'm so glad I found you.
wow how nice:)..
Marlon Brando's motorcycle from "The Wild One" is worth an estimated £500,000 or $659,682.28; however, no one knows where it is.
“: It's all shits and giggles, until someone giggles and shits.”
love that couch!
I hope me & Abriana can take art together next year :D
RIP Nolan Richardson I my condolences go out to Coach Nolan Richardson and his family
Good morning world. I see you and I'm ready to greet you with love, warmth and kindness. I hope you do the same. :-)
Hell :) its me TeamNicolette from instagram :D
Wonder if can get 300 followers by tonight! He follows back an if he hits I'll follow all of his followers!!
I love when retweets all of his fans
and you're my first follower!
False alarm again
Im so restless.
“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” -Thomas Edison
yup , I thought they where movin but I guess not
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve. By : Napoleon Hill
you lookin real good
Me too girl :)
Well said!
sealed in a succulent Swiss quintuple smooth treble cream milk chocolate envelope and lovingly frosted with glucose.
Basketball game tonight
idk if its too late, but watch Going The Distance if you haven't seen it yet
Surprised to see a dusting of snow this morning? Well, more flurries are in the forecast.Tune into starting at 6am for the deets
See you on Thurs!
no sorry/:
Peyton has been on both of my favorite teams. Colts and Broncos. We're related somehow
A big #manly salute to you and
#PACKERNATION - get out your phones NOW! You only have to press send 5 times to give back to - 800-868-3403
She gave me my first job in journalism at the Borrego Sun, and Borrego will miss Ms Judy Winter Meier. Too tragic.
looks like you're focusing right now very well, you're right
about to go to bed...i need to b well rested 4 the photo shoot 2moro....goodnight Tweeties, talk 2 u 2moro
I wanted that to happen..That is why I came back and said does anybody want to come with me??? You guys didn't come
Two guys on the bus got into a fight about talking too loudly on a cell phone. By yelling at each other.
lol different sort of calm..Hope rest of day goes great for u!
Re-Opening of Questions? .... I need parts.
Fa sho! Hit my FB wall and I got u on the re share.
's Twitter excitement lasted all of 24 hours
which is the best "food city" in Italy???
Thanks... I miss her. She has been gone since yesterday!
This game is on another level
Yes, I'm quite sure I'd be happier if I were drinking. Therefore, it's happy hour!
The only thing I don't like about Vegas is the #UNLV fans. Boo Rebels!
#Birds are very intelligent can become easily bored. Offer toys, change the number, variety and location in cage with ample space.
Just started the first rehabilitation class at Oro Valley Parks, Rec & Library, also 1st in Southwest
Bummer! We will miss you.
She definitely has a lot of hair:)
HB 1272 passes Senate Business, Labor and Technology Committee. Good work,
on , swoon! I'm such a fan.
Boosie made same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him out because he didn't want to kiss they azz for Fame :/
I should go to sleep at 8 more often , it feels good <U+2764>
BLAST FROM THE PAST..I want a new drug, one that won't make me sick. One that won't make me wreck my car, or make me feel three feet thick!
best sign in the house!
There are a few slow episodes, but some of them are absolutely hilarious. I definitely think it's worth it.
A problem girls seem to have trouble with. They fall for boys who gives them sweet words and false hope.
Things to do; Pack for next week, clean room,finish dome accounting. Things I'm doing: Shopping for make-up, laying in bed.
Anyway, she's fodder. I only think that of two people that I have ever met. Both are really sick in the head.
Three-day weekend! Lots of football-watching in the man cave.
I just changed my username.
My mind is in SHAMBLES and my day is off just a little when I forget to make my bed. Ugh.
LOOOVEE THIS! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> can't wait to love u tomorrow
Stock image hogs, load up on iStockPhoto credits. Use code LEAP20 for a 20% discount today only!!!!
I don't care if it was politically unwise—thank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage. Now where's the prez?
aww that's no fun :(
Will you be my rebound ass?
you're disappointing me.
trying out the OneNote app for IPad.
Bout to go put the PS3 on the 60 inch..since I barely play that shit.
This winner can spell RT : Today, they bought a frier.
With 40 minutes before polls close here in Wisco, I offer election night thanks to , and for their wizardry…
it is! Gorgeous!
Happy New Year everybody!!!!!!
my home button keeps sticking omygod
S/O Big Dawg Nick2oon to the CitiTeam Family
I swear I could eat Chinese food all day.
Waiting for deliveries, listening to The Hold Steady practice for Wed's show. They're doing an awesome cover of Power of Love right now.
We live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.
yeah. way back when
I'll tell you what. Having the 3rd natural result for "airline reservation system" doesn't suck.
This time she tweeted leap into currency
i have skype
i ask my mom what she wants for mother's day. & she says a michael kors purse & bvlgari sunglesses. IM the expensive one? YEAH OK MOM.
Help! We need a quick draw caracaturist for an event in June. Can you help or know anyone that can? Contact us on 01636 610 556. Please RT
we are here lol
hey, just wanted to say have a safe flight man, hope to see you when you get in Texas. :)
You're one of our biggest fans! Thank YOU!
pre game studio kush naps , #night night
RT : and are off to today! Who else will be there?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the best multiple rape Christmas movie of the year.
I'm not reading wha u talking about
IS GOING TO ROCK IT THIS YEAR ;)
Sweet! Have fun in my hometown fellas!
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
I'm in Norway! Who would have thought I'd ever say that?!? WILD!! :)
What a gorgeous day in #Detroit. Got the best lookin yard on the street. Go Tigers!
What movies coming out this summer are you excited to see? I want to see Rock of Ages, Hope Springs & The Intouchables!
Day 2 in Denver show #astd2012 with our partner , amazing show!
I swear I don't like sum school teachers sum of them b acting so phony & they have favoritism & act like they don't like anyother student.
Happy fb day to my fb friends!! May it be ever lucrative for u!!!
5 Ways to Get Out of the Pay-Per-Click Weeds
Voting my little butt for and Fanny Pak <33
When I say "morons" you know what I mean. White people aren't riding around on mountain bikes shooting.
i think taylor swift is talented but i dont really like her that much
#ThoughtsWhileRunning ...I don't run that much....
YW! And me too! RT : Thanks for coming to our class! Looking forward to the presentations on Tuesday!
Please Follow the page of my documentary Get Together Girls :)
"The healthiest response to life is joy." -Deepak Chopra
I love working with white people. They have more sensibility, they show up on time, they don't fight, they're nicer...
This snow is lame
Tell her youre going to do it yourself if she doesnt thats what I did (X (sorry late)
Newsick short documentary coming soon!
#whosgonnalose - Miami at Tennessee - Miami will lose
i just had the best chilli cheese fries..that i made..yummy
Thanks for the photo retweet Damian!
: yea the chair was huge!
RT "I can't do it" never yet accomplished anything; "I will try" has performed wonders. ~ George P. Burnham
Thriving means reveling in our imperfections, makes us more relatable and endearing
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;)
Needs this to be a good day. Not great so far.
maybe ur mom mildly retarded like u hahahahahahahahhaa
tweet me maybe
I'm good and cool
Happy Hump Day Thanks for the follow.
Tired Af and on top of That I'm not feeling good.
Vendor emails for #ALA10 definitely kicked into high gear today. Thx Yahoo for unlimited storage. Work email would fill up too quickly.
Chattin with Allen Walters bout Avid's awesome Golf Passport. Check it out
My dog doesn't "smell your dog". She's just an ill-mannered jackhole.
who put her on TV right away? seems like sad ratings grab...
Okay, I have finally decided to get out of bed. But I'll wait for another 10 minutes
oh pretty!
How did I get 80 followers, I haven't done much
We got that! We will feature ur tracks on Thursday from 8 to 10pm
Just got a gift card. This is not going to last long...
I like this!! :-) RT : Never face reality unless your reality is just the way you want it to be. -- Abraham-Hicks
Are you still on for the thatConference hackathon?
I can't stop shaking and I dont know why.
okay im looking up if hes the singer from dir en grey
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
huh??? What album of me? There's one? Hhhmmm....interesting. I would have to check it out then. Thanx for the heads up, babe!
he tries way to hard to debate the other side of the story. Sometimes you just gotta agree with people
Im 31 weeks! And congrats on the baby girl! So exciting.
He is really tryna preach as if it is chruch no offensive but im gettn bored . They should sing again
He loves to make me miserable .. :l
You know it! RT : I guess repping will get the a win
Missn my dad but can't wait to see my momma tomorrow for mom's day! Even better she's stayn the night with us!
haha, well it goes like this: pornstar gets RT'd into my timeline who mentioned the fleshlight account, I click, BAM.
I will be at school in an hour. But the guys wish you'd let them wear jeans.... Please?
you should have came to church with me yung lady
#youmightbealiberal if you think critically.
In case you haven't heard, Peter Bondra's son, David, has officially committed to Michigan State to play hockey. Congrats, Bonzai, Jr.
Hi there. Just checked out your portfolio. Very impressive!
Salsa & Bachata, and no :p It's Rosh Shana (Jewish New Year)
I can't wait for my IDs to get here.
David Rose at #ideaseconomy : "the US bankruptcy laws...enables entr'ship - not the case in the UK - failure = bad"
The LADIES LOUNGE is rockin' today with ! It's gonna be a great Monday! But can't wait to see my girl tomorrow.
Back in the factory today, is going to be a great day I can feel it in my bones.
Yum! Thank you for the mention...and the craving!
RT FREE admission to several around Oregon & Washington on Friday (5/11)
cause they ass some fake ass fans they only wit the knicks cause they playing Miami. Miami whooping that ass got mfer quiet
Chances are slim, it's full to the max :(
A pack a day takes my breathe away
I love you! Great job on the last song! He's all I need too! God Bless You Colton! I can't wait to see you on tour someday! xo<3
The worst thing for a pretty lookin girl is to have been with a (blank) Cause then she starts thinkin she's the sh**
it's really not hating he is not a real warrior
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records. ~William Arthur Ward
you'll have to send us a pic of your #ButterCow goodies!
what's that supposed to mean -.- lol
Watching war of worlds such a good movie!!!!
Detective Benson I love you.
im not sure what i just did - but i think i broke my twitter.
i'll talk to you if you want :p sorry i'm creepin.
just wait till when April wont feel like April when we miss Marley Fest and Lone Star Jam....Road Trip?
I did not want to wake up this morning to work. On some straight artist shit.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
#sschat any good strategies for introducing students to pbl? Specifically, teaching them to work well in groups? Thx!
I have 16 cabins for the June 5th Sailing of Allure of the Seas plus a couple of perks! 7 days western caribbean!
"It is your birthday"-Dwight K. Shrute
Wow in and out in under 30! Kudos you, WI DMV
Studying at Coupa. What else is new?
At ChristianMusic.com you'll find all the great Christian Music Genres you can also follow our blog at Christianmusicco.blogspot.com
when madison comes to my house and makes me want to slit my wrists cause she's so ugly.
When you cease to dream you cease to live
The Vice President...Joe Biden... is in Charge of our Space Program? WTF? We are so screwed!
did they really break up??
everything is good so far a very mild winter here so nice to ease into. How are you?
We're gearing up for our meeting today - hm howmany guests & tips? Details after meeting!
Swallow the pain.
#luv that room so f'n much #teammeatballs cant wait for the show!!!!!
that's cool! You better vote for me aha :-p
Starting my Sunday working on a webinar presentation: "Marketing to Boomers" ... Any cool links or resources are welcome :)
RT : Eddie Vedder had an injury and rescheduled his Bob Carr PAC shows for Nov. 27 and 28. Thanks for the shout...
Try our free trial of leads. What have you got to lose?
is that Bobby Valentine wearing the #46 spoked B in Toronto tonight
04/26/2012 | 12:10:24 AM EDT | Bank of Japan adds 5 trillion yen to asset purchases, keeps rates on hold; stocks soar.
Dude u been one forever lol
#Wellingtonswag please call and tell him I love him 469 233 0513
maybe it'll take 40 ignored calls? Some people are a little slow you know.
Your funny you dont need one of these..
I'll tell you what constitues an argument: when you add in those that have stopped looking for work the unemployment rate is >11%.
"Osama bin Laden is DEAD, GM is alive!" Two things Pres. Obama took a gamble in accomplishing and Romney was openly opposed to.
What kind of flowers did you incorporate into your wedding bouquet and decor?
"Pretty Sweet" indeed!
Family weekend continues breakfast in
BOO! SURPRISE! How do you feel?
Best friends are... simply put, the best.
and the best financial decision.... ?
Wow. It only took 20 minutes at #AWP for someone to mock James Franco.
A cheeseburger happy meal with fries and a Sprite at McDonalds has 640 calories and 24 grams of fat.
Hi Michael. Honored to meet you! Thanks for the follow!
Providence Farmers' Market with ma and little bro!
We are loving all of the #ff love today! :) and don't forget if you tweet about us telling people to check us out we will follow you!
what brought you to London? There must be some other Simmons women out there... or at least someone who knows one!
I was just about to say what happened. You never hit me dude. Call me now. I never got anything from you. PROMISE
Yay! No homework
thanks you, thank you!
I could totally go for punching something. Wall, stack of paper, car bumper, whatever really.
LOLL. I got out of school at 3:15. Had the state test today...
May happiness slap you across the face and may your tears be that of joy ...
We had a ton of fun releasing ladybugs into Girard Garden ystrdy w Pre-K & Kindergarten!
then you're gonna get the or else.
Ol Police Ass Nigga I Know U Workin =)
Trying to get to sleep before midnight is really putting a dent in my social life!
Happy belated, Shindyyy!
it's gonna be good. I think they're sufficiently "Rachel." I land at 1:45... almost there!! :)
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we actually had to talk to people , now kids use Facebook & twitter.
Troll Herder just doesn't have the same ring.
thatgame is the truth
You're absolutely right. A disappointing result for the German side for sure.
Hi ! how are you?
Great rehearsal for tomorrows show at Jakes Bar with the Burly Q Band! we hit at 10 and midnight!
Happy Birthday Daddy!! I Love You!!
That song is like bottled NYC pride -- makes me feel like I'm living the dream even on days when I'm not ;-P
Im so bored Im scrolling up on twitter even though I've been out of stories for like 3 minutes.
hehe yeah, that movie brings back memories,
have I told you how upset I am, well I'm really upset <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Bummed I didn't get into the section of Practices that I wanted :/
Today has been long and disappointing to say the least.
love the bellagio & can't believe how warm Vegas was today, esp with snow all over the mountains
thank you! :) gonna be giving away a free tee. stay tuned!
Washington park is loud today
follow them because I know how much you love the pic
Cool, thanks!
If you have something to say about Jona come say it to her (;
post a video of you doing the dougie
I feel like I'm on the verge of starvation, but this cat in my lap is making it difficult to get up...
i love you 2
Whoever it was on Twitter that told me to watch in "The Good Guy," thank u! Wow! That was the story of my life for almost 3 yrs
if you have an original 45rpm of the rolling stones' 'street fighting man' with sleeve, it can bring up to $15k.
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse! Guess who's back from a long birthday weekend? Yep, that would be me!
Thank u Jesus! Prater must've been promised an ass beating or a stripper!
married men may live longer but they've lived half of it in a marriage :)
im on this drank red bottle texas tea I think Im getting sick.Drank dont fell me now
has opened the #horsetrail riding and #barbecue season, have you Booked your #vacation or meal yet? Do it NOW!
Hey, dude! How are ya?
People who tag they instagram pics with a hundred tags be pathetic
yeah that was news in 2005
What places have Kids Eat Free Specials in Gaston County? Please list place and day of the week. Putting together a database.
We talking about the devil.... Lil Boosie
congrats back at ya, haha. But for #Purdue (or any Midwest collegiate baseball program), it's more about baby steps.
Drought may delay BLM horse policy shift from roundups to fertility control in ... - The Republic
got any tickets left?
Join me Sat @ MIA! Playing "Sled Hockey" 4 "Fire on Ice" benefit "Make a Wish", Firefighters 311 & Programs 4 folks with disabilities. 1 pm
someday i will find my prince.. .. but my daddy will always be my king
With authority comes resource allocation + $$ MT shared responsibility rather than shared authority
when is that?
that's great <3 and I'm from Puerto Rico ;) wbu?
the 2nd one was perfect and this one is over my head. 2/2
I was a hit at Hoptomic! I think I've got something here :)
the only thing thats gonna #EVOLVE is my boner when the new single comes out
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down.
Gosh so sick.. Sore throat & aches.. Oh well thank god for TV.. I need to return to the land of the living.. Please oh please :-/
hey buddy
Nod and smile when you really want to push someone off of a cliff.
"Achy Breaky Shin Splints"
My 7-year-old is a french roast afficianato--but it's more milk than coffee.
#March madness is here. The best time of year to be a sports fan. I'm watching games everywhere eating wings.
Thanks for the follow!
Dear mr toilet I'm the shit, got these other haters pissed cuz my toilet paper thick
Can't wait to see your version of #SpringAwakening. Saw it at Rice via Generations!
tell cece hit me. were kinda waiting on her.
Happy Friday Friends! Don't forget we are at the West Windsor Farmer's Market tomorrow, Saturday from 9am to 1pm.
I had a at who would hunt and kill my pork top ramen in the pantry. Only the pork. Then he'd drag his kill home to my bed.
oh fa shoooo
thanks. It goes back to the basketball and carpet football at the Durhams'
Kids say the cutest things!!! Hope you have a very blessed day! :)
Thinking of taking a break from FB for awhile. Didn't go on today and already I feel better about life.
My cat needs to go to the vet. Now would be a good time for the parents I know to need a babysitter.
Just had a conversation with my hubby about how awesome it would be if CBS sent into the house to terrorize Rachel.
The Lakers mad as hell lmao. Y'all gon shut OKC up at home huh? A Lie! lol
As the #1 pick in the upcoming NBA draft, you'd think Anthony Davis would know that No Shave November is over.
Be sure to drink half your body weight in ounces of water daily. Ex: if you weigh 100 pounds, you need to drink 50 ounces of water.
She is working a lot
When will I get Flow Visualizations? Looks really cool!
Happy Easter nigguhs. Lessgo egg hunting yee! About to have a BBQ today. Well better get sleep for tomorrow. Easter here I come. Aha
Sweet RT : We really had a good brick with and his nutrition was spot on.
WUT IS THAT. Someone took my pic -.-
Buffalo Trace and Raison Bran is the breakfast of champions!!!!
"i wasnt that drunk" "dude, you had a staring contest with my cereal box."
i was happy to see you aswell...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>! Idk if i wanna go there shawty! Lol
September 18th don't forget to check us out of campus for the tast of uptown
Holding my #Facebook pre-IPO shares fanned out in front of me like lotto tickets!
Happy Pi Day! What's your favorite pi(e)? Apple, Blueberry, 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097494459230781640628620?
How can I tell what I think until I see what I say? -E.M. Forster
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I need a boyfriend
Future of library profession: change & adaptability. "For the future with a future"
Sam graduating law school is freaking me out. It's like, real life.
It's important to be grateful to keep your sense of well-being. We are currently grateful for oxygen..among other things!...
Talking about weddings. My husband insisted on making our wedding cake. Butter cream icing. Still warm when we took it to the church.
Another hot day in the valley! It is breakfast club Tuesday so I am hoping to be busy. Here we go!
bro I need to see u first send me a pic
congrats! happy running!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I feel special lol
So the team noted that the #mirren new business conference in NY today is off to a solid start. Catch up with them tomorrow and say hi.
Big night in San Diego tomorrow for ; don't miss , and Alan Brennert!
Don't forget to breathe occasionally. Haha
Once you commit to something it stops being fun and starts being a chore.
And now It's time for snow.
Sadly, no. But I did get an Appreciate the Game calendar!
“: Eddie Izzard will be performing at at the Coronet Sun 12th, Mon 13th & Tues 14th" Come back to
":Phyllis Vance from the hit show "The Office" used to be an NFL cheerleader." tell me your mind isn't blown
criminal justice
i am following you fool! try again
just walked by the uw primate center....4 blocks cordoned off...looks like a bomb threat maybe?
OG was just on damn MTV Jams promoting that new 'welcome to my city' junt ... good to see
Occupy Madison hearing: Judge says Madison mayor and health director weren't properly served in suit seeking temporary restraining order.
In a word? Lack of humanity in the Avengers. No "normal" people to contrast/view gods/superheroes through.
Ha! I was wondering what that was. Any good? You tired of MW3?
Why is the Clippers game on so early? Then I remembered... oh it's Sunday and at Mem
learned at #marac Omeka workshop that Google Chrome is a good way to preview possible CSS changes, all within the browser.
good hanging with u... now following u!
I've been meaning to get to it for a while, but now that I'm finishing a paper on comic books in the 40s-50s I'm inspired
We're located in Rochester NY. Apparently some of your characters hung out here?
teehe! it's okay..obviously loves you and has accepted you just the way you are ;)
That is correct Will!
gotcha gotcha! I know I'm tired and drinking beer isn't helping haha
I dont have to be hateful, I can just say bless your heart.
WOW That pic looks familiar! Oh yeah cause I took it lol!!!
Birdman still in Denver?? Damn
i have seen many that are not.
Peyton Manning to replace at the Broncos, but will he be better than Flynn with the Seahawks? Sure as return 2 playoffs!
Goodbye AT&T! RIP! I can use the 4G network to tether from my G2 to my laptop for internet and also access Xbox Live
aprendiendo los paso de PARTY ROCK-LMFAO
rainy day cafe kinda afternoon...
We need Zach Britton to get back ASAP. Tommy Hunter is a long reliever.
Down in the canyon for you to play the flute.
From the author: COLLABORATE OR PERISH just got added to a Fortune 50's "Recommended Read" list for clients.
OH: He's not boring, he's just passionate about boring things.
"the zoo is full!" hahaha, too funny!
The district is focused on increasing academic rigor and using data as one way to measure academic progress
Duly noted!!!
Looks like Foster's tonight ! M and grilling out !!1 what a life
You buy your own train tix for #geektrain, right? cc
chillin' out max and relaxing all cool...
Did you know: Sponges hold more cold water than hot..
Punxsutawney Phil has catered to Republican demands and now we have 6 more weeks of Winter.
Recycling works.
Pro 10:4 He who deals with a lazy hand becomes poor; but the hand of the hard worker makes rich.
Time for the #Avs. Wait...who said that?
haha. willed me the one can of Diet Dr Pepper ... So I took it
It's brief. Different child nudity standards back then? Would have thought it would have swung the other way.
I rarley EVER use twitter for compu, but i am doing it now :|
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana I Know
Sometimes I go back an look a things I have tweeted and want to unfollow myself.
Having to deal with Avon teachers all week, and Avon kids all week
Remember Mac Davis song “Happiness is Texas in my rear view mirror"
Most def. inbox me a range!
I know. I actually appreciated the honesty.
Had a better day than yesterday but yesterday was good too :)
I'm toast and it's only 7am
Home Support for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities
hey alex just a huge fan and u accepted me on game center and would love if u tweeted back plzzz ur awe so me
ATMs are for chumps
“: Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. ~ Confucius”
Heading to Hope For Firefighters! www.hopeforfirefighters.org!
going to school to pick up my books today :) yayy
gotta love standing outside for 30 minutes in cold weather for a freaking fire drill no one knew about...
Tuna sammiches be pricey MT Tonight George Clooney's hosting big Obama fundraiser at his home in Studio City, reportedly $40,000/plate
Another #Leadershpchat come and gone. I'm desperately trying to make my way back. I fear it may be once my boys are teenagers :(
LBYR lunch @ Galvez... Sara Zarr sings, Daniel Handler plays accordion, Victoria Stapleton rocks as always!
And for the naysayers in your life? The International Black Hole Registry?
My catalytic converter was stolen for 3rd time in 9 months in Van Nuys. Would be happy to volunteer truck as a decoy.
Hell yeah #puertoricanprobs RT : I can eat tostones for breakfast lunch and dinner
#ReplaceSongsWith1D Whitney Houston - I Will Always Love 1D
RT Happy holidays!
Occupy Oakland Turns Into A Violent War Zone (PHOTOS) Summary: After a day of peaceful protest in which over 1,000 Occupy Oakland demon
does rick ross know what happened to juniour seau?
Fam, sunkist, Kickboxing, good smell and.. candles cause I'm romantic lol
In cal we trust.
Now on fb & twitter? Nice >.<
All-day severe weather spotter training with some big names experts. Joplin F5 is case study. Learning so much.
#2lazy2getuptho for anything
Well you know that #BabeRuth would raise a glass to all of you. Happy Birthday! Hope you can join us on Sat.
Yes sir -- you comin' next time?
Add value by promoting networking, sharing technology discoveries, and having fun.
Rest in peace with horns, Ms Etta.
What can I say? I was kind of a big deal. (I was huge in China.....Chinas, ME)
Blame it on the rain. “: Great now the Milli Vanilli reunion should be announced any moment”
Fantastic presentation tonight - you were the best note to end on!
LOCK OF CENTURY U-CONN -5.5 to defeat Harvard ( too much talent are u serious as well blowout tonight)
So sick of these #SYTYCD eliminations. Loved Robert and Miranda. Ashley and Chris not so much. Loved Ryan and RodeRicky even less. Meh.
You'd sell my dignity for a pint and a free trip to Italy? ::sighs:: ::shakes head::
Watching Eureka and creating Excel documents is possibly the greatest thing ever.
I am fried from the festival of books... but in a good way. Now I think I'll fry in another way.
unfollwed me :O
the whole time I was like WOW
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Undocumented individuals in the United States can encounter many difficulties when pursuing Bankruptcy options and recourse.
having fun! :D & yum!
Working at budweiser is giving me a ton of material but the hours are leaving me with no stagetime.
when old ppl try to dress like us it's not swagg at all
Trust is hard to Gain, but Easy to Lose. Life is one lesson after another...Pay attention. You just may learn something.
And safely off... Now to get home.
Yeah, it's going to be really confusing.
Hi again. Lol! RT : hi body :D
I hope you do to :)
Mass Effect 3 = AMAZING!
Just watching tonight's episode of "The Office", since when did Binghamton get a branch of Dunder-Mifflin? #spiedies&paperdontmix
Just watched 's interview with & Kelly has me thinking #heterosexual thought
dude! I STILL haven't heard from customer service!
Fable I and root beer floats. Tonight rules.
What's up
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host
"And for any day that stings, two better days it brings...Nothing is as bad as it seems..."
When will you bring back the Mushroom&Cheddar burger?
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
Geez, rub it in. RT : Looking forward to the games today! Seats are 45 rows off the floor I can actually see the jersey numbers
An employee at the Oregon State Hospital has died after some sort of interaction with a patient. Details in a live report at 11.
I'm pretty convinced that the girl that bit you in chasing the sun was an actual vampire and now you're one too! :)
Is Facebook the new, "lipstick on the collar?"If so how do you find out?
Lol...Comedy: I let some blind guy borrow money the other day. He said he was gonna pay me back next time he saw me Wait.... ( ._.)
Hahaha that is the bulk of what the film has going for it..that's why I can still watch Seed of Chucky..heart eyes for Tilly
Ir really got axed?
Thank you for the support! I hope you get a lot of use out of it... post some pics of it if you can! There's even a Flickr gorup
Surprisingly large Gonzaga contingent
"Once hope is gone, dying is just a formality." From an episode of #ColdCase What a powerful statement!
hahah I know! I havent been around!
Let's pick a day this week! Monday is leftover lasagna for us, but any other day works.
“: one night?? That jus sounds silly.”
Possibly moving back to Louisiana next year!!
Nope. Never been interested in tracking that for some reason..
wish I had your bucks...I don't get that channel with my Direct t.v. package,lol...
RT : Happy 4th of July to all my lovely fans :) KABLAAM!
Pat, that is so sweet of you. Thanks so much! Glad we connected!
Confession shots! Oh shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Almost exes are either heading to college next year , or in college now except for austin hes a sophomore
Love North Park festivities! RT : North Park Festival of the Arts is happening this weekend bit.ly/khyDCm
I think more and more people are shying away from "sleeves" in favor of integrated covers. Can we expect an Ugmonk version soon?
Thx for coming! Hope to see you again next trip. RT : thank you for 2 amazing meals this week while I visited DC!
yes! 5.99 for the entire box and they are sweet!!!
Happy 2 year anniversary to the best girlfriend ever! I love you babe!!!!
Jack White is just so cool.
Hah, nice. Glad someone's making a go of it.
not if I win before you :)
That's officially the worst cup of coffee I've ever drank!
6 mi #hike, 1,200 ft elevation gain w/ 30 lbs of 2-yr-old + pack strapped to my back - in 1:40. Awesome!
A big thank you to all of our followers, and welcome to all of our new followers.
No matter how far I've come from my first brushstroke there's always someone who's work just knocks me out.
Arctic Silver Back Gorillas
fuck you with an umbrella and then open up that shit inside you
of course. Not a problem. Got a bunch of posts scheduled :). Im gonna try to be there. I gotta get me a ticket :)
aka spin? RT There isnt single piece of data that doesnt look better if you pivot it a little bit.Frank Shaw Microsoft PR
thank you love the zombie cake lol
Stiff towards coffee. Creative peace, company of creative pieces. Lost: the moneyed ones the left-or-righters the drink-to-drinks. limber
Curse you #downtonabbey for making me become emotionally invested in your characters and cry over their life circumstances!
I need to smoke something promptly.
send all the giggle fuel you've got!
#RedSox and Bard cannot catch a break- he gives up a triple with no outs and Longoria gets the job done with a single- tough loss in 11th.
Who isn't following me, can you please just tell me cuz I'm kinda getting tired of going through this long list. lol dang
We're finalizing details on a new merch store. Thanks for being patient. Details soon!
So you're not going as Don Cherry?
they asked you. They didn't say anything about me lol jk hopefully we get to go next week. Did you see video?
"If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves, && protect each other like siblings; its meant to be"
Lots of open looks for Penn State lately, and now they are falling.
I'm only gonna say this once, Mr. Vargo is beautiful
Wow, thanks for a nice welcome, Bebe!
2012 is going to be the best year ever!! I am going to embrace every opportunity & go after more dreams!! Whats your new years resolution?!
Now let's see if I can find something to eat in this house...
It's an early morning for the TGF crew & the Today's Kraft Pro-Am & Am-Am will take place at both courses.
Wow! Do tell Bill.Then apparently he was best at inappropriate behavior with women who were not his wife. It makes sense now
I like the chicken flavored ones. Good! I weigh 16 pounds, MOL!
I'm in a time out. Because, apparently riding the dog like it's a small horse is FROWNED UPON IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT.
have a ton of fun! Go #Rangers!
sam adams cherry wheat = legit
Seriously?? Nobody knows a good sushi place in Los Angeles for lunch?
Stay free maxi pads its the downstairs patch for your baby patch
Last Dance for Donna Summer... RIP!
Hey there! I am actually not there anymore but it is a top 40 station!!!
"What we call evil is a servant of good, for it causes us, in the end, to depart from error and cling to reality." -Manly P Hall
Who wins in a fight, Rocky Balboa or Mickey O'Neil? I'm taking Mickey! Watching Snatch for
And this old dude smells like he drank the whole Mookies.
You must be kidding me. No words.
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed. lol.
#cwebodymedia tips think Abt experiences and skills not titles
Hey :) follow me ?
of course! We will be Rocking the Red tonight and Friday
Grandma : watsup ? Me: lol, nun under the dryer. Her: driving what. Me: under the hair dryer. Her: all that's watsup , aite .
the amount of data is the least interesting thing about the #bigdata problem. amen.
if you're at the bottom.. the only way is up.
Anyone want to buy 2 Avett Brothers tickets from me for next Saturday night at Jacobs Pavilion?
whats good wit you?
Guys, remember J MAC? JESSE MCCARTNEY? My lover in 5th grade bra.<3
ohio would have beat north carolina if the ohio didn't miss a chance of 3 point play but guess he was nervous because he miss free throw
GOD PUTS CERTAIN PPL IN YOUR LIFE AS A TEST. I JUST WANNA KNOW IF IM PASSING CUZ MOFOS TESTING THE LIMITS OF MY FAITH!! AND TEMPER!!
Thanks! Hope you have a good day as well! :)
Haha thanks *takes bow* but your way cooler :D stay funny my friend
Chelsey says sharing parents should be part of experience
it's content except when talking to tech guys. They think its them. Just another name for record label.
I heard of you guys from and when they were talking about getting Nylah!
RT : Great piece from Bonnier on #diversity in the workplace with Diversity Best Practices President, Andrés Tapia....
To the death???? You got so intense this semester!
Thought..What if you loved like you have never been hurt?
when are you coming to Chicago?
hey,I might catch you filming this weekend?!?!
I seem to recall something about that, yes :-)
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #88: Annoyed Jeremy Guthrie's always asking him to fix his bike chain.
Gallo has to grow on me lol cause i kinda dont like him lol, especially after last night lol
Anybody know how to set an "out of office" email notification/auto-reply for Outlook. The newest outlook.
FOR INFO FOR #BODIROCK #THURSDAYS AT CLUB #BODI FOLLOW
Watched 's biography. He has the passion and focus of a thousand men.
enjoy your run!
kindness, humility, respect... oh wait, that's what ALL religions originally intended huh? some of them evolved into fakers~~ :P
We have a few going out today and tomorrow. Including Tosa East class of 2001 class reunion. They rented 4 for tonight!
everytime i'm gonna write a new tweet & it says " What's happening? " i immediately think of 1D " VAS HAPPENIN?" ;D
"The past can't see you but the future is listening." ~Terri Guillemets... Speak blessings over your Future! Declare it & claim it. BE BOLD.
Is Mother's Day a planned out day for your family or is it more of a go with the flow type of day?
I folded 300 napkins today. #whatdidYOUdo?
Todd - drink a little liquid courage and then get out there and network! RYP is the best place to learn how to ntwrk!
at least its warm inside, enjoy!
Welcome to the delightful fold ! Thx for the follow!
Paramus holds off Ramapo on MSG VARSITY 6-4. Three way tie for first in the Big North Silver Division.
To catch up, check out and 's Faulkner themed pun-off.
#22 im not finishing these :/
Quite the thorn. My leg is throbbing. Also, the wife said that the library has plenty of good 'tales'.
Although i've been off for a bit still repping #TeamBluey when i'm offline lol
Why a girl (13 years) can't go alone to the Cinema, Bitches ??
who says you can't run an army with #social #media...Arab Spring and the uprisings in the Middle East tops the list at
well the movie is over so its time to get ready for bed
First one at home since Opening Day, also against the Marlins. Pretty sure that is correct.
Oh also the trailer looks great. Paul Rudd's last line had me laughing out loud.
Yeah, give me a week or so and it will be up on my #dukecityfood site - I own it once it is published!
Working on digital materials. Wish me luck!
I used to believe in #bachelor love. Just meet a guy at the bar Lindzi. You're too smart for this.
Skyping with Tin and Chloe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
a dumb limp dick - definition Kameron Williams
#imprettysure the baby likes it when I drink.~The conversation before the very first documented case of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome
Playing/singing @ Jazz at the Merc tonight in Temecula, with Jim DiJulio(bass) and Peter Buck(drums)! Concert starts at 7:30.
#lovebealls. I love Bealls cuz I'm a Florida girl and they're a Florida store
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there! : )
That awkward moment when I try to say sorry to and my autocorrect fixes it and Mitchie gets confused...
It's actually a little frightening how productive I'm being tonight. Perhaps Perkin's is the magical ingredient...
I don't think Kobe is sick. I think the rest of the Lakers are. They playing like they have the runs!!
If State Farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog shit in my yard
Just watched the Parking Lot Movie on Netflix. Who knew an hr and 10 minutes of parking lot attendants could be so insightful.
I am here
RT "Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person." - Mother Theresa
getting transcripts a big pain. this put a screeching halt to my ''sending out applications" momentum.
Chicago reminds me of the 2003 #RedWings today vs Phoenix
I need a shot of Jack (White) right about...NOW
If the only person at the table with you stops giving a damn, twitter time!
RT Me! RT Who's going to the author/reader get together in Long Beach? Some amazing ...
It's all an illusion
Wednesday is here - Half way through the first week of kids back to school so ladies come in and enjoy 50% off your food, relax & unwind!
you got it!
Sitting at la county hospital... This is very boring..
we're up at the top of 107 with some giveaways. Look on SportSouth handle for details. Retweet and come grab our last bag!
Crazy my nigga peace
Mel Kiper is an idiot.Says Colts drafted Fleener b/c it is a copycat league & references Gronk. Yeah, b/c Colts never had pass catching TE.
Taking it back tonight with my girl #BRINGitON! :D
Its sad when a fan tweet their fav celeb the celeb don't tweet back but when a celeb tweet another celeb they real quick to tweet back
wanna kno what I say wen I c my ex n his new bitch?? Fuck u & fuck her 2!!! Bahahaha!!!
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right? But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes
Man, I wish we would've sucked for Luck. We should've kept Orton.
You'll be WINNING! AT WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM CHECK OUT OUR CAKES. And yes we went there with this tweet!
Check out my artist <<<Follow
Follow Friday, I follow back unless your website has butt, lick or some other porn influenced word. Lol
hello miss fashionista... you matched the glasses up with the outfit on purpose lol
Jenna Talackova disqualified-- um no offense but... you did it just to get publicity-- not for helping the transgendered sex.
Use of the term "the media" goes back to Nixon Administration because it had a "loathsome manipulative sound" according to William Safire
'We must come back with a framework,ready to implement&be the owner of the 21st century.'Amb.African Union
- You guys ready?
Happy 50th Anniversary of the '62 World's Fair ! Looking forward to seeing all the new improvements!
Credit Card Issuing in the US Industry Market Research Report Now Available ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I haven't been on twitter in awhile..Because I was hanging with my friends(: But I'm back!
Show tonight at Philamoca on 12th street in Philly. join us DO IT ;D
my load would look perfect there.....
Happy mothers day to your Mommy Rusty!
can I buy the middle one online?
Sex and love are beautiful things....sometimes...all other times its the source of alot of dumb shit and drama.
hmm do you make spaghetti or do you cook spaghetti.. big difference ; )
Congratulations That's wonderful news!
nice sack Brian
I cracked the back of my iPhone! I didn't even no it could break
Yay!! RT : In the round with and Alissa Weaver tomorrow night! Hotel Indigo West End at 9:30pm!
My mom said my car will be fixed by time prom gets here! Woo! :D #SoPumped its been sitting for far too long.
But we're both spies/assassins. So I'm pretty sure it would just end up being an epic battle causing mass chaos. Text me fool.
RT my favorite sausage was the fresh lamb- perfectly complemented by the horseradish and housemade sauerkraut.
thanks for the RT.
Hey, you used my "Civis Romanus Sum" graffiti photo in that link! Yay! (My students always think that I painted that text.)
i love it! but out eyes are so squintyy HAHA
Is the audience aware you're going to do this before they see the play?
Freaky cool--I just thought about you the other day!!
just made me very excited for a birthday tattoo. Mario is an incredible artist.
I thought the point was to win. Find an opponent weakness & exploit them. Dumb playing and/or coaching.
I don't want to know what you were doing in your bathroom. Have you ever gotten toothpaste in your eye?? Ouch..
gorgeous night in Omaha. Perfect football weather.
im talking about justin not you dumby
#BYEproblems wanting at least one or more of the guys to follow you :/
Santa r u real or fake? no santa drinks in front on 4year old children....
Woo! I get my dads car for the weekend. Too bad I can't go anywhere -.-
I hate how one you have something sweet to eat. You gotta have something salty. Its a vicious cycle.
yup, they definitely aren't pulling a fast one on anybody.
God Uses people to change finances ...
Fuck What You Heard...Recognize What You See.
gobble gobble gobble...
amazing stat!
this is so me! It's a little scary, actually. Lolz.
R. Kelly. You don't want that. I'll throw a lil on it tho.
Thanks cuz=D
hella workout. feel like I burnt as many calories as has followers.
I am being the change I want to see
Tonight will join NYC; follow us through out the night for updates on the event!
If you googled #gamification 2 years ago, you would get 14K results. Google it today, you get 3.3M.
watch me on You Tube Alyssa Holmes singing at wedding please.
Passion unites the love-lighters, illumination knows no bounds. The cliffs of splendor or the peaks of hell: imagination’s choices abound
I did . I made sure every door and window is locked .. I checked twice .
hooray for the prince!
Ladies Night Out at Xtend Barre Scripps Poway!: The team from Bloom Natural Health will also be around to offer their health boosting...
I log on to instagram to get ideas of what to eat.
I dontt think signed my shoe at hootaween. Aww )):
proud of you providing nonviolence training to occupyla! seems to have worked! and thanks for the updates on the eviction
Mom is sick too. Sorry, bub.
Short of winning the lottery, what is your plan to get out of debt?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you relize Austin, Carter, and Mahone all have 6 letters
Scorching hot coffee Escapes easily from cup My new car is not
CRASH CLEARED: I-405 northbound @ 4th
This guy needs a nap, a power nap.
fine. But you have to buy me Cody concert tickets
actually, I have no response. Would this work? "Come volunteer and find out who 'those people' are." Former neighbors.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful moms
Pre-production has begun for the next release.....stay tuned!
okay dude! Ima drive between the thumbs!
I say that half in jest..Brees is one of the most likable guys in the NFL..Couldn't happen to a better human being..#Class act
New Years Eve with The James Douglas Show and Steven Michael Quezada @ The HardRock Cafe! Come and bring in the New Year with us.
Hi there, glad to be following you!
Ugh, I hate that bitch. But, I'll be nice. For now ;)
Nighas Be Hatin On Kobe Guess It's The 5 Rings He Got... LeBron Better Win This Year
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors, now here’s the real me
i started using it a long time ago. stole it from the name of one of my favorite records.
Installed an OTA antenna for a smart ABQ couple that was tired of paying for TV. One time charge, and they've got Sunday's game!
yeaah, that's why I hate it :/ but sometimes it just slips out ya know? hahaa.
that would be awesome! :)
yes ma'am!
LOL “: get your ass off the sink. you know it normally doesn't look that gigantic.”
Be your own kind of Beautiful!
by hate I mean love and by love I mean tequila and u dressed as redfoo.
What Are You Doing Tonight?
Jazz personality. G mentality. “: I can't get enough of the remix of Aaliyah- Back and Forth. Love it!”
hope everyone's having a great day!!!
I know:( that's why I'm staying awake.
Oops! meant that last tweet for the work account.
wow is the only thing you can say lol
I've now had 2 dreams of the world ending by water. Smh. Hope noah's making headway on that arch.
prove that you are a democrat. I want to see a registration verification!
oh my bad I'm a belieber and directioner
HE'S GUNA PLAY IT AGAIN<3
Remember to use #buslawspring at the Spring Meeting in Las Vegas! Email to join our tweet team.
i feel the nee to say hi(: whatsup ? & happy
TROLL HARD SON. RT : Wait, am I supposed to watch the draft?
THAT'S right. It isn't because you are witty or fun. Neither of those :-)
coz you were singing...
That is great to hear! So glad we could get it fixed for you
it was great to meet you too! See you in Portland? Maybe Italy?
yeah, that's not what I was saying though. Lol I know people that do it EVERY night & do nothing else with their lives.
Doubled through chip leader. Got 130K with 9 left. Average is about 40K.
For QBs with height issues, I think I'd choose short -- Russell Wilson -- over tall and gorky -- Brock Osweiler
This is just cool.
The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer. ~ Wilferd A. Peterson
Thanks for following!
Today is the day we celebrate! Our God is not dead!
Good God. They even called the U.S. Treasury Department looking for foreign assets.
Watching a movie about racism & the K in my cinema class. Soo interesting, im glad I didnt ditch lol
investigates field sobriety tests -- how accurate are they? See a preview of our I-Team 10 investigation on News10NBC at 6:30.
She is so beautiful!!!
Tomorrow will be awful.3 hours in spanish class...blah. joy.
O, love the Recollection's data grabbing tools.
Literally driving home right now to find a phone charger and keep #twitterbinge alive. #killmenow 19/24
Love me some #Hugo's in #StudioCity! Awesome #TurkeyBurgers!
So you vanish when I need you. . Then expect me to give a damn when you come crying ? Bye
Seriously though, thanks to I'm questioning whether or not I'm sexually attracted to Larry David.
thanks for the mention!
Sometimes you have to watch and learn and then go out and do.
Portrait modeling at The Corcoran College of Art & Design. Excited!
Aaahhhh no. Ah right.
Thanks, man. I'll look @ photo mechanic. Really, what I need is something that's gonna keep me organized, more than anything.
I'm an EXPERT at thinking of quotes. all original!
Something’s gotta give now 'Cause I'm dying just to know your name And I need you here with me now 'Cause you've got that one thing
I think it would be awesome if compiled all of the clips that couldn't be shown on TV, and turned it into a movie.
Nice! THAT's why they are so pretty! Enjoy!
Eat blueberries pancakes..
Maybe I will do that! ": that's a hard one. You may just need to write it. #textbooksmakebank"
Yea also agree with novelty aspect. Long term thinking tho, mobile and tablets not going away
•Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends.
Thank you for a Bitchin work ethic I get to leave work an hr early!
So many good songs posted on my music sites today... As soon as class is out, I'm updating my music
I MISS MY KITTEN </3
you should be proud!
khoojessica rest goes to marketing, filming, ads, plane tickets, research etc. idkaksEOx
Now things should be calmer. This post should go out via Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook once and then stop.
2 more hours to go.!
contact dana clark marketing for steamboat natchez
and on an unrelated note. Oddly enough, I really like how Rhianna channels her musical sexuality into her pussy. Really. I do.
really? Surviving the first weekend proves you right?
Thanks mate.
or for the drunk
i hate it When the movie trailer is better than the movie..
lol wait clarisa made me laugh so damn hard earlier.
Love your GeniusScan post! One of our team members is the co-founder of GeniusScan, and we use the technology in ShoeBox!
#ihatewhen i start a song and someone else turns it to a duet
Thanks for the follow! Let the stalking begin! EROCK
Hop Happy is coming off the bottling line today!
We are seeing lots of blue today!
Do you get brain damage from sales? From the sound of your tweet, you may have.
yes omg she can really sing wow.
I liked it, glad that you didn't eat your dog. I suppose that most people would have.
Just about every Metra loco hit me with its diesel exhaust, including 210. I boarded a Roosevelt St. bus smelling like diesel fuel. Lmao!
At Chic-Fila...
Authentic power is at the core of our intention for our service to our clients.
remix to ignition, hot and fresh out the kitchen (not unlike your delicious baked goods)
these are good things. i'm glad you found your glasses.
Today is the first day of spring. Free Ritas day. PUMPED.
Seriously? "Supermoon?" Come on, people. Act like we've been here as humans for a couple of years.
you're more than welcome, Tom :) hope you're doing well!
Counting down the days....<U+263A>! If only clicking my heels and closing my eyes would work<U+2708>
Access granted! All moved and stoked!
Im working at the intermission lounge in the South Side tonight..come and hang out people!
Chatted with actor Aaron Paul, AKA Jesse Pinkman of Breaking Bad Sat night in Vegas. Nice guy & a great actor. Continued success to him.
Go, Rangers!
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks for following! Looking forward to getting some tips for blogging!
"If your lucky enough to be different,never change."
Erp scared the FUCK out of me
OMW to the the mall with the bestie
Email, Twitter, Facebook, Text, BBM. All thats great but if you really needed to speak with me... why didn't you CALL.
Unacceptable. Give them extra shredding duty tomorrow.
c4rmloc- what does that mean to you, how does it feel? lol
drink it off and party with the leprechauns!
#Rangers score!! Someone finally scores!!
Tomorrow might as well be Christmas. Getting my iPad 2 and a brvsh (stylus) to go with it. #ipad2 #brvsh could see 60ss on an ipad soon!
San Diego. They have trolleys. :)
It's not her saying all the right things or knowing exactly how to handle you.
You would think the Pacers would have a sellout crowd.. But they don't.
Im sure if #trayvonmartin was a little white kid shot by a black man, they would have either lynched him or gave him,the death penalty asap
Good Morning Twitter :)
not I
H.U.S.B.A.N.D. = He Understands Situations Better And Never Disappears W.I.F.E. = We In For Eternity L.O.V.E. = Live Once Value Everything
Reading inherit the wind can be infuriating.
": #GetToTheTop" and to the top I will get...
In the process of filming a Spanish translation of Read & React, but don't ask me when it will be ready because I have no idea. :-)
Didn't know you were on Twitter man. was in Umami a couple weeks ago. Gem of a guy. Can't wait for The Game.
#WakeMeUpWhen the riots are over
Went into to work thinking I was on schedule! Haha but I'm not
thanks, I'm glad u agree
if you are looking for great new blues artists, consider for your blues show.
Skip the long lines, get your pool party and nightly party access pass online and SAVE. Rates are higher at the door. tropicmiamibeat.com
i agree..
Is on free on demand? I wish. XD
ok, we'll try. and we'll fire off a warning tweet!
Ordering the Manhattan one in the meantime...
thank you for following me! How was your weekend?
instructions: sing with gusto "Happy Friday Happy Friday Hap-py Friiiiiidaaaayyyyyyy!"
Looks like a beautiful day outside heading into town to meet up with my partner on set
When is the last time someone got a roll of film developed? Lmao
I am just me too. I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together. Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Skwirl. Cheers.
your laker team came up short
I think that is a battle worth fighting. You should be allowed to be mad for at least a day or two.
It would be fun to call in to work and say "I've got a case of Lena Taylor," only to hear, "Yeah, that's been going around."
Didn't realize that Bronson Park was the site of 53 murders before being famous for the spare head 'n hands. YIKES!
Great seminar last night. Engaged students and a stimulating discussion of Typee. Thanks to Alissa for posting a strong article.
do you have the app on your phone or are you using the website??
of course! Anything for a fellow Mahomie :]
Yay! I'm getting my car fixed... may be a good day after all!
Science is a disease of the mind that leads me to ask questions like “could you make fiber optic spaghetti?”
Dear spam filter: The e-mail notice for my blog post is not spam.
Only 20 minutes till #femlead! on leadership opportunities for grad students. 2pm EST today!
": #Aries want quick results. They don't have time to wait."
him being on the bench wouldn't do anything, that support stuff means nothing. His job now is to get healthy
Hey, go easy on her! She helped you "storm the castle" at Target today for all of us A's fans!
hi mo. I love you. And also, you should answer the phone
np about leaving right after the awesome show . Congrats/ thanks again to you & everyone y'all made our night!
New Fun. on Spotify. Makes me happy on this Wednesday, and much needed. Music calms me.
rain rain go away! It's seriously not helping my mood today.
Nobody's talking about BHO's nervy hands-in-pockets routine as he speaks in the video...
Leaving Alabama tomorrow had fun in Panama too. Wish I could stay a lil while longer
But i feel worse for the next guy that I fall in love with
I need more pics
Game Change 9pm on HBO:)
I think I might go too. Definitely hit me up when ur at the show. Ill hook you up.
Pick 2 RBs. LawFirm vs WAS, Barber vs DEN, Gerhart vs DET, or Thomas vs TEN. Should I start a third RB over Burleson in my flex?
is checking out some more great basketball match ups: Heat v. Jazz and UNC v. FSU before heading to MIA.
We teach #universities, gov't organizations, and businesses how they can benefit by entering the #mobile world.
Fredo In The Cut Dats A Scary Sight!
Didn't think anyone could out due eminiem on his on beats but has done it
There's just nowhere to go after "Gymkata."
#Panelists Needed! How #Casting Can Change Perception #Black actors, #filmmakers, #agents in #SF #BayArea For #Black History Month. Msgme
just found a little squirming baby gecko in The Hiding Place.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "SINGLES...You Don't Want A Rolls Royce Lover With A Honda Brain."
Ozzie: after draft, contacting undrafted free agents becomes a mass recruiting period.
hey Mary! Just sent you a fb message. Can you give me a buzz? Thanks!
I know i do !
SO old!! So, I had a really good time hanging out. Oh. Wait.
Iam Tweet this whole class
I've always wanted full sleeves but it all depends on my career & if i'll have to wear long sleeves all the time.
yes, really!! :D
Thanks for the RT!!
I take your challenge 777.
#THEESatisfaction tonight at Neumos! Bring your ass and shake it!
check your DM
Our friends over Yellow Leaf Hammocks () are in the home stretch of their ! Head over to get $65 off now!...
Here in Milwaukee, life is an international beer festival.
is the greatest person in this world #putthatpussyinhisplace #YEAHMAN!!!!!!!
I sense LA, NYC and Orlando in my future. (:
Commencement ceremony is tonight! Congratulations to all our #USFPoly graduates!!!
do you have your ticket yet?
He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher
Admit it, at some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
So TRUE!
Thanks to everyone who came and made the LA event so incredible.
i like your av :)
Wow tht was really a TT
heading out :)
We at velvetDogCLE chilling on the $2 everything.
a note to everyone in the world from the son of a speech pathologist: the coffee drink is pronounced [e-spres-oh], not express-o.
yes mate, i heard they are the nuts! The plan im on now is awesome, #soulmatefood FTW lol
step 1.) follow me so I can DM you my address 2.) send me bino stickers so I can paste them all over Chicago for you
The colder weather is making me think of Guaraldi for holiday parties.
Ill see adjo tonight so Ill call you more then likely on her phone and I also need your email so I can send you the music
S/O to Braidz, Weavez and Thingz for a Fab photo shoot! Jewelry looked awesome dolls!
I must make it this month!! :)
Fuck outta my way omg
hahahaha or when that dude came in her eye. She had to tell her mom the whole story lmfao.
Reading Daniel Rodgers's Age of Fracture, from - fantastic so far, and will probably dominate my tweets for a while.
Haha keep praying. So many FT's missed by both teams in that game
i work.with high school sports teams and run their fundraising programs. Are you a coach?
hahaha its ok and ya you can be my friend
mm don't know U?
At the end of the assembly today, one of my students w/ ASD told the speaker that he liked the show and "bye". Yay social skills!
traffic sucks, wish me luck that i'm not late to work.
I was lucky. My son was 16 and chose to come with me. My daughter was 18 and not covered by the courts so she came too. Yay!
The only reason I watch Disney Channel are for the movies I used to watch as a kid.
aww thank you!!
My Georgia State Introduction Video has been processing since yesterday and still has 233 minutes left... God help me.
#MaxPayne3 will be the Most Incredibly Badass Game i will ever play!
When my twitter app decides to just randomly stop loading... <<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Today is gonna be the best dayy ever!(:
Hey men ;) U're my inspiration Bieber, YOU ARE THE BEST :D
Sleeping schedule messed up
"Best" is in the ear of the beholder
We have until Oct. 8th to make our goal for THE BESTO PESTO MOBILE PROJECT. GO TO bestopesto.com for details. peace, chef toussaint
That's pretty awesome man. Git 'im!!
Never turn your intuition off.
First Blue Angel jet touched down in Seattle for Seafair. Even their advance jet arrival lands with class and style.
Live, Laugh, Love, repeat as needed.....
hey young people, I'm looking for sales people, analytical people, and all those eager for a job in the video games industry! Let me know i…
Happy Birthday ! :)
Taylor and What other street? I'm in that area today.
forever drunk
Yea!!! Hope we do it again next year...
yeah, but the person i was talking to was very nice XD so its okay xD
Sixth and hopefully final surgery this morning for Mom. It's a big one in all ways. Fingers crossed!
“: I got a hip bath from #JeJu yes. I feel great!” ok! I was scared, I didn't do it.. I was inquiring. Was it painful?
NASCAR Here We Go!
After that cheap shot I refuse to call Ron Artest anything remotely close to "peace"
Trying to decide if I should go to the gym today. I mean...don't think anything will be working. All I'll have is the weights. I don't know.
you watched online?
Eminently true: RT Once again, beer is looking better than anything medical science can offer.
Ahaha watching Austin & ally with my little brother... ross is cute(; lol
time to license The Decibels and the Little Pills to Big Pharma
Then the websites will have the recipes, instructions, etc.
Man I Wanna Go IN On Something Just Happen So BAd But umma Let It FLy!
YOU SHOULD BE SPOILING YOURSELF WITH SUGAR RUSH!
#Middlebrooks for mayor of #Boston. Man this guy can hit!
I would if my little ankle wasn't hurt still!
Life is not what you expect it is not all fun and games. You have to work at it. You need to be the best you can be or your simply failing!!
If makes a PS account and I get to play COD with him... I WILL FLIP OUT!
Well then I'm 2nd :D
Why are Americans so fat?
Thanks for the #FF Mention :) Have a fantastic weekend, dear friends!
thank you for following!
I have a great mother god bless her and heal her from this sickness no cancer <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
What's with the costumed people walking around my neighborhood? May have to go investigate...
mi tiera is my fave a bit touristy though
Up all night with Reagan and my head is killing me
I can't stand Oprah who the hell do she think she is ????????????
Why is Lin on the bench ?
have a great weekend beautiful... wish you could of came down for fiesta
RT Our music is going to be featured in the 2010 Winter Olympics Broadcast on NBC. Be sure to listen for 'All We Want'. (via )
sorry girl! Send me your link:)
rad! cant wait!!!
I love Iris, Android's version of iPhone's Siri. So cool.
Fixed in-law's laptop, expecting brownie points/free babysitting.
I saw you driving on the bx river before
thanks man! Say hi next time, I'm RJ
Ignore the Android reference, this tweet being sent from Motorola StarTac on PrimeCo :D
I've usually done a hyperlinked credit in the caption. Kind of annoying CC doesn't specify what is and isn't acceptable
cant wait for u guys to come to bmore
Perfect day on Florida's Emerald Coast. Regatta Bay this morning, Kelly Plantation this afternoon. Wish u were here?
dude ours is awesome! It's like having a flat screen tv! Lol
Today Was Terrible ..
I jump on twitter an see a lot of bull shit...
The answer to life, the universe, and everything, including racism!
occasionally, not all the time.
Hitting walls and getting scars ; Only makes you who you are.
over -committed. When will i ever learn??
Everyone's got something to fucking bitch about.
hello there colleague!
that's funny as hell
just saying fridays are lame, don't have to take it personally =P
Quiz Night begins at 8 tonight! Join us and enjoy $2 off our imperial pints!
Had an amazing dream last night...wish it would come true!<3
Thank you so much! Would love to work together!
TOTES X“: this song makes my heart smile. i feel so inloved in her right now.. IS THE QUEEN!!! <U+2764>”
#Huguely defense attorney says drinking wasn't an excuse for Huguely's action, "it's just a fact".
it is bingo night Stef! You making an appearance?
That's great news! If you DM your email address, I can put you in touch with our academic ambassador. :-)
When will people start respecting Rudy Gay's game man? And the Grizzlies for that matter
If She Would Act More Of A Gf Things Would Be Coo !
I am really starting to dislike your frogs
On my way to a new dance class! EXCITED. (: wish me luck.
Thanks for those of us who tweeted in questions tonight for Donna! We will be doing more live chats in the weeks leading up to the expo!
:( I need a tech distraction
Yes, and it looks AWESOME.
Dreamed I was playing air hockey with James Roday and Christopher Lloyd. Odd.
Most about how awesome it was, even if I hate City.
#FF Follow my friend who will have to keep up writing on his blog if enough people read it =P
The world needs more...
I hate that shit
"Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire." William Butler Yeats
interact wit hiphopheadz220 on facebook free promo like the page and post, hip hop , fashion , gossip and more follow the
The Scorpio Races
Bought 5000 shares of ACUR at 3.89 today, just to prove your brother doesn't have a clue.
Happy Monday! Our post-St. Patty's Day party tip: #temporarytattoos can be removed with baby oil, rubbing alcohol, or transparent tape!
Lunch was delicious yesterday. My borage agnolotti was cooked/seasoned perfectly. But I should probably try it again...soon.
Educating Communities about Diversity in School - read the story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Sounds like an excellent plan
The Capitals are not as good a team as the Bruins, but Holtby is playing out of his mind, and that X factor is scary. Go #Bruins!!
it's very true! Will you still be around next year?
A video recap shows Eddie Kingston winning the NWA Heritage belt from Adam Pearce last week.
I was reading adult books before fourth grade. It seems kind of hard on precocious kids not to let them read YA.
congrats my dude! BSB: Scott Coffman was named to the NCBWA's Preseason Stopper of the Year watch list. .
i think it's more about opposing whatever obama is for. this is why we want obama to come out against the eating of yellow snow.
Kobe did his best Carmelo+LeBron impression tonight: horrible shooting (melo) plus an invisible 4th quarter (LeBron)
For what it's worth, darling dear, I wish you were here cause I feel alone..
<U+25BA>To EVERYONE who has supportive parents you are VERY lucky. I deal w/a mother who thinks gays go to Hell. How could anyone be so stupid?!<U+25C4>
“ can you talk to my manager? she will set everything up.”
Watching zombies. On a plane. Greatest. Idea. EVER! Thank you
Happy Easter!
Already scheduled. ;-)
Its a shame that both men werent planned to win MITB but Barrett was planned to become a World Champ very soon. SMH
follow Cali D. Production
Tastings @ NW22nd: 11-2 TODAY Ever tried Fig & Cherry vinegar soda? Don't miss this special Acetoria Vinegar tasting!
- Great to connect via Twitter. Thanks for the kind words on yesterday's session. I hope you're finding the Summit interesting.
only love can build us a bridge of light
ya nerds rule!
I also love just about anything by Dan Dos Santos. especially the series and Alien series covers
within 30 of the bobcats.
Refusing to watch The Hunger Games as I auditioned but didn't get the part. Nah, will watch it... with gritted teeth.
Creeps that take pictures at parties < idk you so don't take pictures of me. Tha fuckk!
oh man, removed? ha! oh well. It was for sxsw, so it doesn't matter now. Thanks for the offer to help!
This is the absolute worst time of the quarter and year to be putting Corgis before school work
The money is the modem.
what is that? Cause I didn't say specifically what it was lol
Playing at motr in Cincinnati tonight!
Today's lunch special: Chicken Pesto Wrap: whole wheat wrap with grilled chicken, pesto, provolone, lettuce, tomato. Served with fries. $10
not going to lie. I'm pretty jealous. Save some for me
Thanks bro. The kids are sad but we still have one fat cat left.
15 more minutes and I'm out of here!!
I have not seen The Queen or The King's Speech.
good luck in Tokyo merry Xmas mama monster
"Ideas shape the course of history." -John Maynard Keynes
Thinking I have work and then realizing I don't and can make plans is a such a good feeling
About to go to sleep
damn, that looks amazing! You did a fantastic job(:
- Wantd tew go tew skewl tahdai just got tired when I was finna get up now I regret it....
I think I'm getting sick. :/
absolutely agree!
I think its time to change my #. Deadass ppl keep calling me out the cut shits annoying. Esp the business calls.
Overheard: "Everyone is having babies. It's the natural step."
so.. I have to ask.. Did you die your hair?(: lmaoo(:
"Stupid's in the water these days, they gunna drink it anyway, till they don't know right from wrong." Love Chris Knight's songwriting...
I got so much work this wk to do.... I need to train my assistants and badly!!!!
RT please!? Im a huge fan!! :) retweet anything just put my name in it :)
Humm what should i do today?
Sometimes you have to be your own hero, because the people you can't live without can live without you.
Nothing to fear about the future of Egypt! Nothing to fear about the future of Africa! The future will take care of itself!
haha no it's not drew lol or any of them:)
Thanks for the mention And happy #FF to , (yum), and
does he agree with his son Rand on the 1964 Civil rights Act?
Get busy!.....make some time to practice!...just DO it!...OK?
I have school tomorrow fml.
Latin Verb amabo 1. first-person singular future active indicative of amo 1. "I shall love" <- not wrong nice try :)
my body doesnt match with short men. Its a shame tho.
that was real.
more than half!
Sorry for the low amount of posts of work but things have been crazy.....getting the creative juices flowing again ;)
#GoingRed with a wild berry smootie!
Why no Android or iOS app for #USITT this year?
Hoping my #j202 lab peeps "covering" #mifflin2012 don't either drop or puke on the electronic equipment.
I used to like Blink. But when Tom recycled the riff from 'Anthem Pt. 2', into his Angels and Airwaves attrocity...solidified my departure.
heading to the phils game tonight? stop by for a bite to eat before or after & enjoy 20% off. but don't forget ur ticket stub!
hey a jobs a job. I've gotten suckered into buying shoes there before. Curse you!
Am I right or did I just give you another idea?
happy valentines day <U+2665><U+2665>
"Exit, pursued by a bear."
Magritte's Golconda and Mark Stuart...well let your imagination go wild and see him perform
I can't really see it all but I guess it's adorable ^^ xo
I think he might need to consider purchasing feelings
La Vida Locavore:: Organic vs Conventional. Is that really the ...
The baddest dude in all of college Basketball finally gets going today as Brittany Griner and Baylor tipoff at 12:30
don't worry about it.. I enjoyed it ;) lol
i'm with you on #ro12 withdrawals, i told my wife last night, i'm ready to do another relay this weekend, too much fun.
At the National Cathedral for Wesley Theological Seminary graduation. Excited to see Melanie Weldon-Soiset graduate - a Sojo intern.
Not yet....and from his play I'm hoping not at all.
RT MAKE. IT. HAPPEN.
My pineapple has more tricks up its sleevelessness than yours.
That sounds so epic. Please tell me you captured it somehow.
have been on oovoo with sam augustine and hayden rose since 12:30!!
Apparently because Halloween is the new Thanksgiving. (Sigh.)
Last night was piece'd together. Im back on the sauce.watch out.
I love you
Can't we just disappear and take our chances on teenagers romances put our money where our mouth is<3 -playradioplay
Don't be mean!
Why would you say that TO ME I'm a true mahomie from heart.
TRUTH ->RT : Releasing sponsorship $ figures will do NOTHING but fan the flames...ppl already think is rife w/CEOs wasting$
Join the BBA for the Festival of Lights: shops open late, window decorating, live Celtic Music, Christmas Carolers & Bagpipe Players!
I suppose I can share spotlight on my bday w you 12-12-12
#BigAng is scary!
Offtopp RT : those signs are compatible so we all get along....lol. See you brothers tonight.
#Yup RT Break a #Cancer's trust and you'll never gain it back. They may forgive you but they never forget.
When you go active. And you leave so soon! Gotta promise to be careful. Is it the 9 month deployment?
Let's have this lawyer's number. I'm sure I can straighten everything out with him/her.
OH in Charlotte, NC: NO! I'm not a Democrat!
Does anyone wanna walk on the tracks for hours today? :)
- Jeff, you ever do a signing at bookpeople?
Idiots, this is why the jackpot is so high.
Great day at Women's Resource Fair in San Diego, CA. CJSC helped 30 women get help with their identification documents. Best Wishes to all
most recent additions to the Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank!
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Tweeting the #spacemonster play test.
Is there a page regarding Angel Projects in general on the AIC Web site? Can only find material on specific projs
Not taking anything personally.
Fuck them lames, keep it motherfuckin . . G
Getting started @ tonights gig. It looks more like a house party than a quinceanera. Oh well, Imma still rock this house.
lol I hate the power of VAGINA LOL
not having an art history final tmrw would actually be the best
Good effort tonight!
AW(: Thanks SO Much(:
I'm confiscating both you and rocco's food
It's like a rain forest here in #Boston forreal!!!!
the money white women pay for extensions!! its a reason why, niggas dont know they use heavy extensions.
Any kid who has two parents who are interested in him and a houseful of books isn't poor. Sam Levenson -
RT : everyone come to for $1 dranks and 1/2 off apps to support and :)))))
Follow me and i will follow back
While some say it is okay to drink up to 3 cups of coffee while breast feeding, if baby is more irritable or fussy, cut back.
Probably should have kept me, eh #Brewers? -Mark Kotsay
happy birthday he's got the most ticklish avatar on the twitter.
Check out the new releases from Paradox interactive, including a War of the Roses MMO
Very cool! I'm always lazy with my pumpkins...
Only 9am & already staring at the menu to see what I'm having for lunch
Completely agree. I can't stand looking at them. I feel like an evil pumpkin is going to come onto the ice & spook the Devils :0
I miss
We got the applications we needed thank you for all your help and interest in our L program!
i love you, you make me smile whenever i hear you:), and watch you all the time on youtube, your biggest fan<3
Sent in pics & measurements for Cass to fit model for two popular brands- made the first cut- next step are in office measurements- fun :)
But 5 games for a starter is actually just 1 game. Plus hitting someone can actually do harm.
this is one of my new years resolutions
Good Morning!! I feel lucky!!
do you wanna spend the night at my house tomorrow?
I want a Jesus bobblehead.
Thats What Im Saying . Alot Of My Guys Be Purping . So Ill Have TO Make A Couple Calls :/
I feel like riding my bike and signing up for a gym membership. WHAT IS GOING ON?!
find love on www.aaron.tv
And the many stories about his stonewalling are where? You let him get away with it. Your editorial board could actually try.
"Bros before hoes" is something a bro without a hoe would say.
If i were President i would put a law in effect that doesnt allow people over 75 years of age to operate any type of vehicle old people grr
just don't start throwing shoes now. Geez these guys need medications. They are nuts!
My new love: TinyShark... GrooveShark for your phone! <3
I Was Watching Your Old Videos And I Was Like Aw How Cute Then I Watched You Newest One And I Said Dammmmnnn <33333
they already do but homosexuality is more egregious in christianity.
Can't wait to release our interview with Egon next week on the site. Real interesting/inspiring cat.
Pheww. : Initial X-rays on #Brewers' Weeks showed no break. Hit on left wrist last night. Day to day.
Xavier Cortada speaks to the Commission on the value of Cultural Investment - urges restoration of $2.3mil
no chance, lebron won't make it past 20pts
Just boxed up a ton of my old PantherVision and stuff for storage. It's time for a fresh start.
thanks for coming with me! #BFF <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> I deed god
You're moving already? What part of town?
LAST ROUND
no doubt.
Wasn't aware that was a discount (since similar on the web is going for half that!). But thx for the quick reply.
LeBron is the Kim Kardashian of the league. He just can't let the spotlight be on anyone else.
So now its
The sandlot is on
SKRILLEX AND ELLIE GOULDING ARE TOGETHER??!!! Where have I been??!! I love both of them, so, I guess that's great. Jeez.
HI I miss you! Come visit me.
oh really
know that you are not alone in your addiction, also the family is missing you today
Of course, I'm not paying attention in my History class. Pottermore is way more important.
Virgin Mary: Ask my children to do one day of fasting on Good Friday to prevent one world currency.
RT : RT : "My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them" - Mitch Hedberg
What's going on in your neck of the woods?
1500 let's get it done
I never doubted him. Can't believe twitter is the best way to get it done.
I listen to a lot of rap and country in the summer
Night made. Thank you. RT : I'm so psyched. A burial ground is following me!
Thanks so much for following - look forward to more great conversations!
Unclear from your website - what are playing tonight?
Stop talking like you understand. '92 is worse, by far. Matt's right, with it being Cawood's last game, that makes it worse.
you'll get another chance for sure - ur too awesome not too!
im sure they would ship to your hoh if not they can send them to anybody you know in the states and have them ship to you
Your heart is where I want to be
and I are on a man hunt at Southern Lanes....not going to well. Bg is full of strange people.
indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco repair, indiana stucco contractors, stucco repair in indiana, stucco repair in carmel indiana
These winds are insane!! I have a feeling they will be keeping me up. :(
The whole thing is being blown way out of proportion. Happens with almost all xfrs, why single out Bo?
Once finals are over my life will be simpler!
My sons school rejected his lunch money today. Apparently, It has to be deposited into a digital acct by credit card. Oy vey.
My thoughts on Robert Griffin I & Kirk Cousins as #Redskins. Both young men are mature enough to handle the situation very well.
Just told my coworker Happy Star Wars Day! He responds, "It's a wonder you're still single, Alissa." Thanks !
and they stole 500 dollars and we both have black eyes and im having kidney failure and i cant walk and well i dont know what t say
Had an amazing trip to California. I miss my home State...but I love Florida too. I guess I can be a Califlorida Boy???
Morning coffee before rehearsal...
I think everyone should get wealthy and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could see that it is not the answer.
Great deal! RT $2.50 Draft Beers and Trivia Tonight! Yay Monday!
I wonder why Noah didn't kill all of the mosquito's when there were only two...
congrats on the awards. Thanks to everyone who helped us get 2nd place for Best of Show
Did we just decide to get shawsted for the second time in one day?
If you move. Next year I'll be lost. I am already lost without you being here. So promise me you won't leave like the others.
Don't forget! RT any of our tweets today and be entered in a drawing for a $25 gift certificate! Happy Friday!
Thanks for the follows! Keep in touch.
: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.. They smile and call you something even more offensive.”
You get to meet a lot of different breeds - sounds like a great experience!
I am beginning to realize that you lied to me and you're like all the rest I've known. Not really surprised but upset, cuz I liked you...
find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
welcome to Don't fuck it up.
Thankful to have recently reconnected w someone truly on same wavelength as me. Excited to see what we can produce together!
shout out to all the niggaz with no legs watchin'
All My Instagramers, Follow For All The Pics
cheers. Where's that stated?
Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason'."
Mark your calendars! The next will be in the first week of March! Details coming soon!
I'm extremely disappointed that capitalism hasn't given us a product that embodies all four of these likes.
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter and please like this page.
Why so gushy on White? Write his bio? Be a journalist and tell the story. Loved the reporting, but lacked fearlessness.
Models if you're in ATL........ I will be Giving away FREE PHOTO SHOOTS tomorrow......Ask me for details....
Pumped for the game tonight with and ! Go #Nats!
Follow me on Keek!!!? :)) its 'heyitsmarywallace' :)
RE: Camaro - I want one, too!
My girl gotta b bad like the
I remember when WIGN was my jam.. I was forever wu-tangin' to that song.
Thx for the follow!
bring me some!!lol
On behalf of the entire Mixed Reactions family, Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
#FF for some reason you always remember certain glass bottles, never plastic ones
yes! cant't wait buddy
#SanDiego friends worth mentioning
at what library are you?
My dad just said so what if your brother is distracting you when you are studying?! Haha okay ill purposely get a 75% now
It's larceny?? to remove dirt from the Gingko Petrified Forest State Park. Larceny....for dirt. Dang that's serious
Hey , how are you?! It's been too long. Thanks for the RT... always appreciated. Have an amazing week. ;D
They say you try so hard in life to just be pushed down .. Well my come back is I'll just hit the b..... Back !
School make a niga wanna kill his self. #fucking tired.
My handwriting stinks, and digitizing doesn't help! But I like Penultimate for sketching storyboards or ideas for slides.
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
oh I think I'd do a lot more ;)
Pray I get this job(: #FingersCrossed <3
hey can you follow me
u mad?
thought I got a text and was like, whoa who's Alarm? omg
I stalk your tweets :D and I'm not sorry because your boyfriend has learnt me that ;) hihihi<U+2665>
Happy Monday #Austin! It's the last work week before #Christmas... Ho Ho Ho!
nice day out
why didn't i think of that?! i prob could put it in a ziplock bag too.
needs more energy
RT : Reds' 3rd place finish in NL Central extended their streak of not finishing last to 28 years, MLB's longest active run.
I'd be a step closer? Lol
Where will the music go next?!
Caught "Hanna" on HBO--what a terrific, intelligent, stylish thriller. A modern fairy tale ... great film-making!
oh man... so my twitter is going really fast! lol
Sorry! If only I had known! Next time, for sure.
Wishing the best to our WI friends and hopes for a great conference!
gain 550 followers by in 5 hours by following guranteed!
In Ichiro we win...
Kelli.. Just listnd to Letter to Daddy... OMG! I Wonder made me cry 1st time I hrd it too but but DAMN! ACM need to honor u!
12 team PPR keeper. Please pick 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, Manning, F-Jax, or Best? Please Help!
#ThingsIHate Mood swings
Your mom called. She wants you to buy an Orlando home today.
Just popped in Fanny Ara's #flamenco class in Oakland - so effn hardcore, so awesome!
": The bra section is the only place you fail if you get an A."
Calling GOP "idiots" does no good. They just go all "eye for an eye" & call Dems "idiots." Which is, of course, ridiculous. Usually.
My lizard Lucy is going crazy. At PTA meeting and feeling very advanced in years. But I can still run 13.1 miles. Perspective.
lmao I no what a polo is ! I'll pick something ill out next time
Ba hahaha! That's hilarious. RT I still gotta deal with this nonsense
your welcome man :)
Just landed in SF!
thanks for the follow.
BOOM! Got it.... K bye lol
Poppin ya arm out the socket is not the best feelin in the world.
Dialup doesn't really work with a lot of the Internet multimedia.
thanks for following me! :-) :-)
My ex had this very annoying habit, breathing.
OMG I ALMOST forgot that today is sexual wednesday!!! :D
unfortunately I do know what you speak of, I've had enough of #closeness and #commitment research
Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule with Lil Jimmy?
U feel like im talkn to u..bitch nigga read dis tweet....I AM!!
this just in. North Carolina declares itself a bag of shit.
We're closed on Monday, but we'll be ready for you on Tuesday! Our Acme Tuesday Special is an All-American Combo for just $4.25!
There were all those times when Jets receivers weren't even looking at Sanchez, I want to know what that was about.
#raw10 I dont curse, I do cuss. 2 diff things. Cuss is bad words. Curse is a spell, like eating spaghetti from a stranger, dont c u n 5 yrs
The 1911 Chinese revolution anniversary is in October... Learn about a fascinating American from that era at homerlea.org -
thats why you be ignoring me?
And I meant thank you for being brilliantly funny.. Sorry the tweet was cut short. Haha
Selena Is Our Love Song we love you
I'm watch a madea movie
Pinterest is fascinating: 21% of users purchased a product after seeing a photo on site; 33% report purchasing food/cooking items.
she shed a lot?
oh watch out. Nicole has a twitter
Ahh, now. To eat pizza. Up fo it?
OH: Anti Insurgency Con Ops!
gurl we gonna party
Should I be embarrassed? My first album was "She's So Unusual" by Cyndi Lauper. What was yours?
don't laugh... rick ross
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call our VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book now.
OK, I'll bite! I'm guessing Jr. or Smoke. Am I close? ;)
Today seems brighter, somehow. Wonder if it has anything to do with the NL winning & a Brave being named MVP?
Ii Want Some Trail Mix!
it's a little bit of "hate (on) the sinner, not the sin" in this case! And yes, I know that quote is completely wrong!
BABY it's
Every time a guy ask what my name is in a club I can't help but say stupid shit like Tunchi ^-^
night babygirl. i love you :) and check tumblr too. ;) there's something there for you ;) i love you
Off work but don't want to go home ugh
She sounds hideous!! : So Jake from SateFarm, what r u wearing? < Khakis. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
thanks baby... And u don't have to wait up for me I'm ok... But that's sweet of u!!!<U+E418>
it's horrible! Lol
I can lean on our double ass-whipping on you this season (instead) if you prefer. :)
Omg I wish we were together...I'm going to celebrate my first #CincoDeMayo now that I'm finally 21 and all :D
I've got mine! #DodgerOpeningDay #TweetBlue : Opening Day is SOLD OUT
Wow – development/Obj-C side too, or just design?
Syracuse..... not impressed. To be honest they haven't impressed me at any point this year.
you're killing me. your next mixtape is like my own personal Detox
I am feeling very lonely these days!! I need attention.. ? ? anyone out there?? #Smorgit & #SmorgME!
Not too bad actually! Lots of ingredients but easy to follow the recipe. DO IT. The recipe also makes like 6 batches. yumm!
Don't become so immersed in your job that you put your dreams on hold. Let your job help finance your dream. You don't have to be regular.
talking abt social business relationships strategy for building #accelmad build audience not fans.
: Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
What a beautiful spring day! No room for improvement.
MN Schools Apply for the MAEF Spotlight Award! Spotlight Excellence in Achievement, Innovation /Technology, & Community! www.maefboard.com
So I'm going to go up to south dakota in a about 30 minutes to escape the storm...I've got 4 seats available, anyone want to join?
Missing my baby already :(
RT havent been this full in a while, due to my diet. feels good
We love coming down to Asheville from the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. Great Food, people and music. Love Hector's food...
i certainly hope so
yes you did! Meant to introduce myself. Want to get coffee soon?
Got into the tub in his underwear and socks, I proved my mom that I'm sober
I was just about to mention this game to y'all Hahahaha not looking good Cass..
I hope everyone marked their calenders. FREE COMIC BOOK DAY is MAY 5th. Come to Otherworlds early for your free comics. Quantity is limited.
forgot it was eastern time! guess you can't dial in late? bizarre...
Departing Port Townsend, low clouds, against wind and tide
Hundreds gather at service to recall Tucson attack - KOLD-TV Hundreds gather at service to recall Tucson attack KOLD-TV AP Entertainment
Excited for dinner date with tonight at First time there... What should we get?
Remarkable Milwaukee was anything but, how many old white dudes does it take to change a city? I hope zero.
What do you want to try? Why wait!
how patriotic of you!
and what'd you think? :)
An Honest Hard Working Man or Woman Deserves A decent job, Affordable Housing and Healthcare. Whats the Future look like for You? Pissed OFF
Heyy I love you twitter skin, looks super and I am super proud of you, looks cool!!
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
you know what's ugly? society, insecurity, judgement. you know what isn't? read the first word..
Thanks for the link. No I haven't read, but looking forward to checking this piece out. I can feel the energy.
So like I'ma scream when I see your hot face on my tv tonight. K bai
oh man...having too much fun.
#ThingsIGetAlot did u paint your nails yourself?!?!
Directed at the wrong audience? That info is more important for learners. A teacher can't force learning using science.
Omfg I really wanna eat pizza right now ! M...
This week I've discovered that I'm really proud of the bad eatting habits that I've already broken.
Last night Passion Play Tonight Passover Seder Tomorrow Recovery Service followed by Easter Sunday worship
Mikey RT if you wanna come teach a class in Canada one day
Ladies Night @ Cellar Wine Bar Every Tuesday Night #GNO 1/2 off select wine flights.
Andre Balazs is planning to revamp the Standard East Village hotel, the former Cooper Square Hotel, he bought and renamed last year
Email sent! I look forward to hearing from you.
How do you judge God's blessings to be present in your life? What do you need to see?
oh no!!! thats not good! feel better
River Monsters makes me never wanna step foot in a river or lake again.
Care too little, you will lose them Care too much, you will get hurt <U+2661>
dm me after april 1 then I'll see what I can do. I'm busy tight right now. thanks. enjoy your day.
Thanks for the RT--she's one of my favorites, too.
We are trending on Twitter! W00T! RT : Destination Imagination is trending right now!!! Soo much love
I had never had an opportunity to listen to Vin Scully before, but he's fantastic. Really like that it's only him on the Dodgers' broadcast.
We're getting a report from in LA w/ more on Donald Driver on #DWTS coming up in a few minutes
Wha hoo! Starting the blog will be GREAT! Make sure to check out the girls @ stratejoy.com for inspiration! :)
Very nice ;p
don't be sorry breh. If you don't remember it, It didn't happen
Marlins Park looks pretty blah. Wtf?
#TeamFollowBack follow me I follow back!
Idea: Fire Currie today, keep Martin & Snyder tomorrow?
being dragged thru the mud, never felt so good
I'm too stubborn to be truthful
They treat him like shit [Dave Chapelle]
isn't it amazing when you get on twitter, and you pop up in every single tweet? Hahaha.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
I hate moving!!!
14th Annual Booze Broads & Hot Rods San Francisco, Saturday, April 14, 2012! Save the date! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Attention Prog Rock Heads!!! We've got some prog coming your way. Stay tuned to Vatorvision \m/
Cats only grow up on the outside.
Can't wait for Thursday to get here. See what Vampire Diares has in store.
True. I loved Owen Meany the book. The film did that brilliant piece of writing no justice at all.
Gravity is working against me, and gravity wants to bring me down.
Camping got the whole world listing to him. You could learn from that! side note I'm starting a support group for all Rapture survivers.
"Street Dreams"
up watchin Wrong Turn 3 .. thinking why am i up so early ?
Gone Madison!!
Omw to work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know that feeling i didnt feel like going 2 work but u cant make no money at home working 24hours.
is the word!
Hello, How's the writing treating you?
thanks for the RT. Glad you liked the presentation!
There's no way Instagram is worth $1 Billion....I'm in the wrong business
So it's bout to RAIN?! I'm gonna be no good for "date night" *sigh* // don't worry... You already have him!
Ugh....it's hard choosing between something u want and somethin that ur best guy friends what's for u...like idk...
Glad you are feeling better
Snyder be mad at me !!!
i can make pasta like a boss ;-)
RT : amazing work Maria Madera my business cards are outta sight!!! - Thanks Maria is AMAZING!!
#spiritday I'm wearing purple today because we all should feel free to be who we are...without fear or shame
Freezing in my office. Thinking about tonight
Great catching-up!
#WeSupportMahone :D tweet it!
Baby woodpeckers in the giant saguaro. When the parents swoop in with tidbits, the din is enough to wake you from a sound sleep.
I love your new name. KILL THE BITCH. :)
also, dreams can be a real bitch
I had a great time last weekend at the Bahamas cruise.
ok. things finally turned around on the homefront. getting a new waterheater.
whats up lil buddy. You are a great singer.
Ball So Hard!!!!!!! This shit crazy how they snapping like this Niggas in Paris
For MG - my tween kids loved The Gollywhopper Games. I haven't read it, yet, but it's one they both were glued to.
I think I like my new role in MSFT way too much.I was supposed to spend my wknd coding for my side project instead of writing design docs :)
I have maintained a high-energy positive attitude for far longer than a person should & I am exhausted. TGITh
Awesome day again. Great weather, baseball season started, an this neighborhood rocks!
you were *due*
when guys actually give a fuck about u <3
I used to date
Champion Swag
An old man came up to me the other day outside of a QT and said "Hey kid did you know that the more birthdays you have the longer you live!"
dance practice now,gotta get that plea perfect
any day i can run 3.5 miles, pick up my dry cleaning, and do the dishes before 9am is a guaranteed win.
why did u cut half his face off lol!!!
Cause all the wrong Men say the right things
I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner.
dang!! You need to get on that.
man. that sounds AWESOME.
DRAKE - Do Right And Kill Everything
Poor Gabe!!! RT : She said: "I don't even like sex, it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton."
Mind was fast-forwarding to "such diverse elements as fear, surprise, ruthless efficiency and an almost fanatical devotion..."
Good morning. Take steps closer today to realize your dreams.
My prayers go out to her. I'm sorry, if you ever need someone to talk to I'm here for you<3
Dtf or what? ??
I am needing PLL back right now
FN2S is looking into Falcon tickets give aways for students. Fall 2012
Oh yeah, Pizza is a given. Students don't show up for anything that doesn't provide pizza around here.
Any notable #Neudorf wine and cuisine pairings you can suggest for the weekend ahead?
Then there are those who suffer from grave emotional and mental disorders…even THEY have a chance, if they have the capacity to be honest!
Thanks for checking out our site. Happy New Year!
Afghan-American Chamber of Commerce to host US-Afghanistan Business Matchmaking Conf. Nov. 13-15 in D.C. www.a-acc.org
followed them! Can u follow back?
im soo tired winterjam was amazing sunday night skillet was the best part :) <3
Def of credit hour includes "AND EQUIVALENCIES" How will you define an equivalent measure? Waiting for your innovation
“: Monte be straight up ballin out there for GS!! #All-Starsnub” LBJ knows wats up.
re mus exhibit $$$ may depend on topic, more or less
The neck tattoo costing Dallas
like right up the street it's my moms friends house.. I have to share a room
FAMILY is my Heart.
What a lovely property. Enjoy Beverly Hills. is beautiful.
Im tanning while the sun is still out.
Did not know you are in Denver! Know you are probably busy...but we live not far from downtown. Glad you have great weather today.
follow you won't regret it
Just built one third of a snowman.
Proudly raising my hand. Photos to come. RT Raise your hand if you are dressed as a #HungerGames character at work today!
haha yes you were right. :/ I hope I can move on and find someone new.
I ain't lazy,I'm tired. Can't you just understand that?
Analyzing spreadsheet data is difficult after a long day and belly full of amazing southern cooking
I'll put my money where my mouth is regarding Haiti (and I just have). Help these people. They would return this favor
i have never seen a person with a hoodie tucked into their pants
Long day. It's #Pandora Time. #BuffaloSPringfield this afternoon. Followed by #MayerHawthorne. (Who I'll be seeing next week!!)
did you ever find it?
using FRBR record as key and mets/mods/whatever as value. Getting away from sql database and working in-memory.
If i woke up next you CieraMariexoxo
Playing at Backside Records today in Burbank! Gonna be fun!! :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why are you eating my food? O.o
thanks for the retweet!
ill get at u wen im ready 2 match!
As we approach dating hr: If you're dating a writer & they often sing Cristina Aguilera's "Fighter," just know you're being written about.
Are you looking for a way to promote your business? How about a commercial, web video, or be in our promotional video. Call us 856-423-9233
I hate it when my mentions won't load
at hochunk you'd get a few 1/2 games and small limit games...potty spreads 3/5 and some larger PLO games if you can get to mke
you're killing me! My picture keeps going out and I need my fix!!!!
Would like to get linked to that piece once it's up!
Woot! I'll tell Dr. Daly you and said hey! :)
Hey #bizforum. Dropping in for a bit
I love how u always have something positive to say!!
Possibly, but I made it clear that you're "dumber than a dead monkey" so congratulations on realizing your inferiority.
Indeed! Good luck! I'm interested in outcomes.
Welcome to Twitter MG! Follow her!
Taking my mom to the airport! I'ts too early for me.
#BoysFavoriteLine Send me a pic. Send me a pic. Send me a pic.
Just ordered new business cards from , excited to get them in the mail soon!
me too! Last time VIP got sold out in the presage so I hope I get them on time
Shoot going down friday for Follow Me
If u follow me and I dont follow back let me know and I will.
#NowPlaying: "Still Perfect", by
Do guys husband train in dog years? Maybe I just have 7 more years of nagging & then we're set.
this is gross but I support it.
DalPogetto mayB more $/hr than warrented.If orchard is mature ag aspect not2complex,any areaCPA w/good local reputation can help.
Love your tweets!!
yea!! Thank you!!
The things I would do to Zac Efron in The Lucky One...
lol i was do nervous when she was grading it
well im going too sleep, goodnight lil sis, love you <U+2764>
RT Amazing night :)
Saying goodbye to my hometown on Long Island NY, and looking forward to my next visit in a few months. I will miss you.
Haha Nahh you don't got nun
U should hear his mom sing... but she's too shy ;-) He comes by it honestly...
RT : Lake Show... I'm here nugga!!!
Stretching & carb-loading to prep for Seattle Invitationals amateur Elvis impersonator competition. Saturday night at EMP. Thankyouverymuch.
i wish i could go up to him and say hi but i am so freakin scared
your tweets about me are mean lol jk :p i miss you i cant wait to come back!!
What a great day @ #thatcamp #lac! Can't wait to talk with the folks at #chnm tomorrow. How can LACs & R1s productively collaborate?
Even the white ones lmao !
*Complete sentence.
Today has been one amazing day! I love you !
Both teams wanted to lose that game. Grizzlies were terrible for 11/12 of the fourth quarter
I am 50000% unable to take my own advice.
it's gunna be a great season
Pop Quiz! What campus do you find the Valencia Productions Studio? Bonus Points - Building & Room Number!
The U.S. Army Brass Quintet will present a recital and master class on Sunday, April 15, at 8:00 pm, in Goodwin Recital Hall.
did you like it? I didn't really, miss MOTM1
Samplesaint's CEO is working late thinking about developing an iPhone application.
that coachella comedown. and it's 45 degrees here.
what's up sexy man of love let's get naked tonight and have a dance party with just u and me I want tell anyone
Pro-beef powers are wrong: no one "smeared" pink slime. Many eaters however prefer avoiding smeary dirty beef trimmings cleaned with ammonia
Selection Sunday is just over a week away! #MarchMadness!
Relaxing right now having a cocktail
I really want some jalapeno crunchers.
man I need to get my hands on two pair of foams this weekend
He turns my pages!
Bring to a boil, reduce & cover. Simmer for 30-45 min. It is traditionally served with rice, but I am sure quinoa would work too
yeahh that might be scary lol
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
You're back! Missed you.
she goes home after her scenes. a little moses man told me.
Let's not act like "Mercy" is a good song.
thanks for the follow!!
i dont think you need make up
In Minneapolis...where in the hell are my palm trees? Haha, missing the ocean already.
Bachmann should spend less time worrying about immigrant knowledge of US history & more time learning it herself
hey gorgeous
Can't wait to listen to podcast of The Sunday Edition with your interview about Adrienne Rich!
I must be bored this am this is the most I have tweeted in a 10 min span
i got my midterm back, and i got a 47 in science :/
for what?
Rocked my face off with at the inde sf on Saturday. You guys rule! I'll do your sound anytime :-)
I knew I could count on you
Of course I can't smoke in this parking garage; we need to breathe in these car exhaust fumes.
Martin: I've accompanied on 100s of trips 2 congress to work on bipartisan, bicameral reauthorization of
So Josh Hamilton will be the subject of the best sports movie ever right? I'm hoping either a Steve James doc or a weird J Reitman biopic.
Carrot Apple Ginger juice, yummy!
The lottery for the charter school in ID for the girls is April 14th. We should know by May 1st if they got in or on the waiting list.
Alright, time to start actually using this Twitter account, today the lockout ends and it's the day we start painting Twitter green!
3 days of type sorting later and we have made it most of the way through organizing 100 drawers of type
This semester has pretty much been a never ending day.
I just completed a 3.48 mi run with a 31:14 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/4sCyDu
Yall check out my boy
lmaoooooooooooo woahhh ? what that mean ? aha
Watch Food Inc. This incredible documentary will change the way you purchase food. This is an incredible eye opener. Go organic!!!
Thanks see you when youre back
student works symposium
Teaching Fire! And the Insurance Industry at for insurance professionals.
E&J got me throwd!!
gym, jobhunt, then another day of deStressing at 's pool
National Weather Svc. issues a wind advisory for LI over the weekend; forecasting winds between 3-23 mph with gusts as high as 43 mph.
Thanks for spreading the word. Hope we get to see you at the next pickup!
Missing out on a petting zoo is not something I would normally do, but I suppose there is always next year.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to following the hashtags & learning about exciting new wines!
you all need time. Also, while ur comparing to presidents, make sure he doesn't have anymore Monica Lewinsky moments.
Looking 4ward to ICE! on Sat. Two million pounds of ice sculpture!
If you didn't already know, PL also posts tweets exclusively for new #CRE property listings. Follow the eMarket blasts
Paul Bigot (Gigot) says the legal doc in Trayvon Martin case was "troubling enough!" More troubling was the "hate crime!" Murder of a child!
ahem, is pretty much 3 weeks away. just sayin.
Nobody ever cares how I feel.
i was stunned a few years ago when visiting austin and trying to catch a bus. the area i was in had no sidewalks!
yes! Delicious :)
well no.. he could talk to them and say "listen, we have an international congregation that doesn't like needless pity."
thank you hun!! ;)
RT ": It's certainly necessary to (s-s) value of innovative ideas beyond your own experience & origins
You're a nut! You crack me up, go figure..
thanks! There is a solid core at - H'ville. Excited to see what HE does at the new site. U guys r doing a great job
When you check it out get back at me SOME FEED BACK WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED
@ sure lets see it
Working as fast as we can! :)
if you think you can simply press rewind, you must be out of your mind, son.
The Game just got another season on bet.
Hey, it's OK, this is a history conference
They all seem happy to be having a short break from their normal work.
HA i seen her yesterday and today...I WIN! :p
"Men succeed when they realize that their failures are preparations for their victories." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't mind anonymity, but should we be held accountable to every single comment, whether they know what they're talking...
Treasury market activity Tuesday suggests mortgage rates are moving much higher.
We were robbed! So grateful to experience that with you! Love You!
didn't a rod hit a HR earlier
I'm not Colin, but I know him personally. Hope you're having a great day!
Sad I can only make 1st day of #cildc, but presos by & made it worthwhile. Thx for front-loading the awesome.
You know what I'm wondering? Am I better at soccer than Ronaldo who cares that he has new shoes? I'd like to be better just to not care.
I Live With Friends:P
My buddy Devon and I loved that movie so much, we used to spray paint "Slaughter High" all over this bridge in Peoria.
In Norfolk with Delbert McClInton. Showtime in an hour. Having a blast.
<---- Riding round and Getting it'
My following to followers ratio SUCKS ASS!!! lol :( sadface Someone help me out
lots of love today. (and everyday) Happy Valentine's Day!
One of the biggest obstacles to social media marketing is thinking like a business owner, not the customer!
cheers Jamie. I'm on my way. Bob do they actually have noodles in Mongolia?
Bulls in 6. Done and done.
Ford isn't selling cars directly through Facebook. They think of ROI as return on efficiency.
At the OLE session
fuel band has calorie counter. U already have gps with iPhone.
's little brother Blake is so cute. i can't even. He's just a cutie.!!
bust in my mouth
Still #Grindr banned, so no tricks tonight. GODDAMNIT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Parks & Rec homage to #thevoice is hilarious
theres nothing more dangerous than a charming man
I appreciate you too lil Momma queen Goddess. Muah!
I am from LA I am not used to this racist East Coast attitude flowing through #DTLA we don't do that here in middle class places.
Oh dear, just got an email telling me about a mothers day sale... Is it that time of year already??? #sheesh!!!
Thanks for following! Please spread the word!
Been a while on #TWITTER FOLLOW LILPRINCETON143 FOR MIXTAPE N FIRST NEW EXCLUCIVE
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
Nice of you to share a link today.... trying to hog all the la rosita for yourself
Mirrors can’t talk & lucky for you they can’t laugh.
LOL! Well my love is for SaaS businesses, so we would need computers to do the work, but I think it has potential :)
I definitely will - it's my favorite holiday! (And I'd be happy to read it if you want!)
dont even know what i did -__- whatever.
Is anyone at all concerned about #NDAA ?? Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” Eleanor Roosevelt
feel better soon and be careful!!
learned another video production lesson the hard way.
He is not here...He is risen indeed!
I'm sure we'll see plenty on the clearance rack...
thanks so much! We work hard to try and be as creative as we possibly can :)
I like that song. It styck even better the second time too. :-) Nice job!
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
Wow! Finally,
well some people asked him questions and he replied back to a few...none of mine though :(
My iTunes Shuffle feature is sucking big time. I'm hating everything.
I mean motive in a teleological sense.
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
It is for anyone interested in interaction design & development, with specific emphasis on the realm of User Experience.
being weird is awesome. Why would anyone not want to be like us? duh.
B Shutz: 3 stakeholders in OA publishing: researchers, institutions, and publishers. Scholars often not considered
When people think you'll always give them rides just because you have a car<
The Queens in Queens? Who'da thunk it. :) Have fun!
You do not need an agency to promote your talent, God is your greatest fan and promoter,waiting to show off your gifts BELIEVE!!!!!!!
"I could continue seeing people loosing everything after catastrophes" - this I why we worked on an insurance company for Fonkoze clients.
The Ax-Man cometh!
Congrats, Alex! RT : RT : excited of PRWeek is joining 's reporting staff in mid-may.
I slept and ate at the Hilton too, but i don't live there... fairy tale corporation rules are STRICT.
BREATHLESS on the big screen--it's not the jump cuts but the Franco-American obsessions that make an impression this time.
they have been picking them and will continue through Wednesday. Hope this help :)
Send a Direct Message to win. Only followers can win the autograph
Productivity is a great sense of accomplishment, especially for a
you got the juice now! What lens did you have on your GH1?
me too!
Everybody cries...Everybody hurts....sometimes....
Musical term of the day: a nessuna cosa - to nothing; an indication to hold a fermata until it dies away
One of my nieces gave me some photos when she was at LA and I was just like " ................ Dafuq :) "
Did you know the smallest available size in #twilight tshirts is xl? And they do NOT come sleeveless.
I'v been staying away from politics for the last month due to anger issues, but I watched tonight, and I'm very proud of my Pres.
Thanks Kim! Xoxo
"Real difficulties can be overcome. It is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." - Theodore N. Vail
congrats on your tweetdom
we know that there is no way she tweeted 1,000x.
no fooling here. It's on like donkey kong.
Do one thing every day in the direction of your dreams. ~J P Blake
Good stuff. Been doing a lot of thinking (and doing) around that topic lately.
Rangers beat the Caps in the second round in 1994 to set up the Conference Final with NJ. Not sayin'...just sayin'
GO ODEN! =D
Me too! RT : Thanks so much to for your hospitality at FUEL's Purely Social last night. We had an awesome time!
What in the hell motivates people to go on shows like Wife Swap?
Getting ready to change the way you look at T.V.! 3-D without glasses I have it now! Just trying to be the Black Bill Gates!
Thanks so much for the follow!
that's good what's ur plans for this short week
Crowd at O'Neill starting to grow a bit -- I want to see this plaza full
Ha you never tell me anything anymore.
You better be glad God gave yur black ass rain, instead of a tornado
Had you mentioned several times in my Power Group at The Actors' Network! Looking forward to going to the next tweetup! :)
Also, hope the success continues while life is able to slow down enough for you to enjoy the important things in life. I got you
#tannehill the wait game? I like him cause he played wr like Big Ben.....can do nothing but help know where the wr will be..will see
Jungle Boogie!
is presenting at our next program. Have you ever used Yelp.com?
That stinks that it is what I was told, I would have used $ for upgrade! Poor info/customer service not happy.
The only reasons to use #pottermore are to settle on a wand and house. Hazel and Dragon, Thirteen inches, Unyielding. Ravenclaw.
Today sucked ass.. Im happy doe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Beach balls gotta stop..pointless tradition..unfair to kids playing biggest game of their lives..only negative in Omaha
you didn't want that one??? That thing is awesome!! :-)
I'm always tryin to do that~
hshaha Sophie gets angry at all homework
"the crazy B*tch might burn your house down." I like to watch the flames from across the street, it reminds me of Christmas".
Thanks glad to hear it.
Tweeting should not be my hobby at 6:55am...
What happen to the bands of yester year!! Cameo ,Earth Wind and Fire, The Ohio Players you know...good music!!!
Sacbeerweek continues to roll on...What are you doing today? We're still recovering from Capital beerfest..
Including me.
thank you...xoxo
RT: : wait, itunes doesn't even sell greatest hits? what the hell am i supposed to do now? #freesoundsbetter!
They're people that are talented and theyre are people who arent but have alot of friends.
I really, really don't want to see a Rangers-Yankees ALCS....hoping the Rays can pull something out.
While u SCREAM @ ur woman ders a man wishin he could talk softly 2 her ear While u HUMILIATE OFFEND&INSULT her ders a man flirting wit her &
And when its cold outside I got the month of may
": I seen this weekend. What a wonderful surprise ;)" I love u n I'm very proud of you...
Sad for
My pleasure. ;-)
Yes. And I would hope not to pee my pants while doing so.
OH: "You should use something that's intuitive to use, like PowerPoint."
Greeks Head To Polls Amid Anger, Doubts Over Euro Future - Wall Street Journal
We are pleased to announce that has become one of our partners! They'll be added to our website shortly! #FOLLOW them!
Just tapped Lost Abbey/Port Brewing Mongo IPA
We have a corporate paralegal/legal assistant position available! Interested? Send us a message?
Hope is that thing that allows us to hold on to the notion of love - Kiera Condon
I passed both last year cause they were easy. I have four this year & geometry and global are soo hard so I think I'm gonna fail
Happy Birthday I love you!! Hope you're having a great day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SASHA:)
Allergic reaction to some liquor.... Smh... Swag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
PLEASE GO FOLLOW ! THEY DONATE MONEY FOR EVERY 100 FOLLOWERS ! HELP THEM #MAKEACHANGE BY ONE CLICK OF A BUTTON<3
just called u
Spring is certainly on it's way. Awoke to the abrupt sound of what must be 10 robins outside my window. #really?
and I was just about to shave it!
Lol I <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> that lol RT : If I need some I get the real thing lol u a mess!!!!
Wow #goldsboro- I am impressed. #bonfirestortillabar is delicious. As a vegetarian-city-girl-outsider, I send you a genuine thank you.
Supposedly Royal Caribbean is interested in building a tourist road from Port Labadee to Milot, Haiti. anyone know anything?
Yeah dude. I feel like that is the only option out there right now. Sad...
hi there! Been a while! Creepy note: I miss you.
Starbucks + Internet + Music + Comfy bed = This is my Sunday. My life.
Cats & dogs were my fav Super Bowl spots. VW "dogs strikes back", Doritos "dog buries cat" & Hyundai "cheetah" were singleminded and funny.
I sent that bitch a smily face.... Bitches love smiley faces
RT No worries, the world needs as many creative people as it can find.
No matter where I fly or what airline, my flight always is the furthest gate in the terminal
I did.
thanks for this! I'm excited to see the movie
Hellz yeah today is has been a truly HEARTfelt. So proud to be a part of it!
Thanks for following!! ) <3
Make a video highlighting your product or business and place it both on your website and such other sites as YouTube.
#aam10 search results incomplete Found this gem tho: "MuseumTrekker RT : collaboration with other institutions is key theme"
Always welcome!
twitpic or it didn't happen! ;)
FREE DC BOY of Splurge Gang got court monday.
Welcome! We hope you are successful in a new #hospice for young people in the North West
though i understand how the idea of targeting the super-rich focuses the Occupy movement & others
Gah! Well my reach-out to you is going to be Blue Moon Baking Co. goodies. :)
By beaten, do you mean gotten through both error codes? :p
this phone call <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
GET YOUR POLITICS OFF MY ON-RAMP. :D
Revising. This is when I have to talk out all of the weasel words and bad phrases and cliches... Well, most of them.
yes you have to pay for the pro version. it seems to be the popular choice it bought twapperkeeper.
RT : RT: S/O to Ohio for making it's way to the tournament.
Lucroy needs some lessons.
The journey is the reward. - Chinese Proverb
Has your plate ever seemed so full that you feel paralyzed?
I have no friends.
Just saw Peter Shankman's keynote. Gonna be hard to top that
Four scientist killed... Will this assassination create an issue between US and China or Russia?
lol jeez you are on this !!
This MFker found all 3 of my twitter accounts & 2 of them I don't even use
#sea Coffee or Tea?
So, are we still on for dinner tonight? When, where should I met y'all?
Post gallery night cocktails served here!
NY or LA
Thats funny, my other car is YOUR mom too
hey everyone... more hacked junk coming to you from my account. sorry. i'm taking steps now to fix.
Ugh I can never fucking sleep. All I do is think of you and wish you were mine again. I wish she would just go away -_-
Some good tennis tonight as the young American Ryan Harrison takes on Andy Murray of GBR at the Australian Open.
is amused her mother is making a practice "it's about time" cake -- not a "congrats" cake, an "it's about time" cake.
always looking for photogs to submit fashion shots for inclusion HINT HINT LOL
Is #L14 an amusing failure or an amazingly successful run? I can't decide.
slowly falling in love with maternity line....
what you think about hitting up one of these Reds v. Cards games this weekend?
Just got the psp phone its sick
send me Some Of you talkin bro
You're right. They're SUPER off. Its Nickelback. Obviously.
RT : Thanks for the mention! The staff was great just like everyone I met in SF! Definitely coming back.
if the weather permits i'm going up stone mountain tomorrow lol
joking right no one wants to hear munch lisp his way through programing
Congrats! RT: " : Chef J.C.'s Turpkey Chili winning 2nd place for Most Unique Chili at SoNo Park CHiLiPALooZA!"
Just got our new Yaki Tape hair in! Its amazing! no more weaves ladies
To all celebrating Jewish New Year: Have a great year ahead of you!
Nice to see old pal at Getty Images VIP event
i think every mother deserves the best because every mother has struggled and been through bad and good situations.
Gotta see it, going again! YES The Avengers - best action flick in years - worth the wait in line and the 3-D/I-Max worth the extra $$.
Watch out!!! Ellis is finna ball on these niggas
RIP Steve Jobs. A job well done!
Charles barkley really called that guy a fag on national tv. Thats too funny
I stays out the way.
omg i wish followed me on instagram. lol i'd die <3
RT : Ppl who are emotionally unavailable can never be caught..no matter how far or how hard you chase them.
this was christmas before last
like a bunch of alien crickets under the seats, or in the rafters
oh that doesnt seem like a good idea at all. unless they are adding CS as a mandatory subject in all departments (j.k)
#Imagine A boy is flirting with you:"What's your name?'' You:"I'm [your name]" Zayn:"And I'm Zayn Malik...her boyfriend" *Kisses you*
Steelers lost! Fml ):
#Nowplaying tell me * Bobby. V <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
is making a bourbon bacon ice cream Coke float.
I like your projections..I think it wins but close..52%
thats crazy but true....
First time in Tacoma and Seattle, beautiful scenic areas. Even out of football season, a lot of #Seahawks 12th man love around.
you can do it! I am currently on a bus to Princeton. The journey never ends.
When were you in Oakland? I work like a block from that pic you posted
u need the #RockUnit get at us Urban Rock n the building song 4 song we #winning #vegas #letsgo! youtu.be/wfnn0ytDVb0
Giving back to the community is one of the Waffle's favorite pastimes!
it's crazy how ever since I poured coke all over my ex-stepdad(he works for the school) EVERY TEACHER knows me by name! &before none did! xD
Weston. but, undoubtedly he could know very little of the matter
Didn't realize that WolframAlpha didn't have it's own crawler. They license proprietary data sources. Cool!
SD friends - come to this week and help support Great burgers, good cause. How could you go wrong?
You're flawless tho, like can I be you? <3
is still at the studio working...Oy!
I think a few Dortmunders are in order- I'll be off duty this time around
#3WordsForYou I like cotton
so handsome!
First hair trial for the wedding! Contemplating accessories...
Thanks for the follow!
a bunch of frauds.... why you wearing those shirts??? to make sure the police don't arrest you?
#imhappiestwhen im on twitter talking to other beliebers.
That was way to easy
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Follow up on job applications--make a phone call, send an email, knock on a door. Human contact is key!
Guess who's outta work ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hard watching these Royals games....
thank you so much love
I hear that a lot.
Tulsa vigil for Trayvon Martin tonight: TU's McFarlin library at sunset. Organizers say wear a hoodie. will report live at 9/10
It's un-American to be American.
One City Mile makes its debut in Richmond playing alongside Before the Machine and Strike The Chord and Burn- Canal Club tonite Doors 7:30
yes, that mcdonalds was amazing
The dark side of the "Occupy" movement.
nice dude. Hoop nation this summer!!!
So how do you relieve anger, Yoga? Zanex? Big bag of weed?
Current weather in Orlando: 70°F · (°C) Wind: 3 mph Humidity: 73% HIGH 84 LOW 66
Man looks like by this afternon will need another evasive, vaguely titled, PR rep to cover for
FUCKING TRUTH! ": You can't even imagine the half... so stop assuming a quarter bitch!"
RIP MCA, license to ill until I head out for work...
Did your iphone auto-correct "black penis" to "apple cider?" RT : Hot apple cider makes me so happy
Im Itching For Dese Tats Lol
you look amazing! Those are the perfect bangs for your face, it's super sexy!
Good luck today nan love you loads!!<3
2nd night with Sarah Jones at Nuyorican in NYC. She loves "the twittah!"
Ima swag myself out!!!!
Happy Easter!!
Man, 1st friday, free fries and 20% off at Urban Baby... why can't today be free comic book day too?!
Is your name Katniss? 'Cause dang girl, you're on fire.
Skitzo Starts this week also!
there is no NBC announcement.
were down man! You want production from us or do you wanna supply the beat? Let me know and if you got a beat, send it over!
the rain messes up my mood in all kinds of ways
I think you can but I'm not sure D: ask in brannon's room in 8th period and if the yearbook staff is not there, go to merchants
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Dumbest Shit I ever heard.No wait All light skin girls r fine<~That 1 is lol ": -__- RT : All darkskin girls are ugly."
Not advocating for more, but how much does a 5 game suspension really affect a starting pitcher?
I have a few TV shows slots on Saturday and Sunday mornings, locally; interested in airing your commercial? DM for more!
Playing The Green Lantern tomorrow in Lexington. we go on first so be there at 9p for show time or 830 so u don't miss us!
We did not win the award from tonight, but we're glad we came to the party! Congrats
S/o to Ms. Martinez for bringing &' I together. I love my Naty :*
nice start
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
We just landed the BIGGEST Free Agent of all time!!! #broncos #manningtodenver #LOVETHEBRONCOS RT THIS IF YOU LOVE YOU #Broncos !!!
you're so sweet T!!
Today is my #Friday Just need 4:00 to hurry up & get here
i respect your opinion i <3 Bella, but that's just my opinion and not everyone is gonna be liked
Verona Area Concert Band tonight!
can someone make the #prohibition tag a thing?
cool yesh do that
Lets be real #self made
Lookin for a cutie wit a big ol ghetto booty :p
putting out the heat... Amare, youre doing it wrong
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK! :)
"I've gone all #geek in the knees" - new favorite phrase. Thanks and
Great meeting with ! Diabolical, nefarious things are coming...
RTP has leading universitites with streamlined tech transfer programs, but unfortunately, many of these start-ups do not stay in RTP.
The lab coats the waiters wear at Scotch and Sirloin is kinda weird...
Come home to bitch = NMS
I found the best survival tool for this summer: headphones!
RT if you want Thursday to come here RIGHT NOW. We all miss #TVD. Let the vampire diaries crew be able to see that we miss them a lot.
On shaky ground: Many Southern California hospitals not prepared for massive quake
finally after years of waiting I'm getting my A logo and believe tatt today
My mother snores like Darth Vader.
Come join the protest at central and San mateo.
Ok Leslie Visser needs to cool it with the plastic surgery or whatever is going on with her face? Play-Doh?
Is there a Hulu Plus Plus plan with no commercials? There needs to be one!
Senioritus is being tested to the max this semester
Ooh look how fancy you are!
Freedom's just another word for... everything to gain, people. Gave notice at Microsoft today. New things on the horizon.
chillin, drivin to walmart with my mom
Nap or workout? Or nap, then workout?
wow...the things i learn about #Taurus 's
wishing u wld do an event & incorporate some spoken word/ live music so I can come thru & perform.. imjustsayin ;)
Calphalon Commercial Cookware - Only the Best!
that soo nice. ya i heard they were going there, hope u get them
Italian Proverb Well done is better than well said.
Derek Jeter is the first player in Yankee history with 50 hits in the first 30 games of the season.
how you not following me you shit!!
"Momma said they'll be days like this, they'll be days like this my momma said"
so sad I can't register tomorrow :( I still have faith everything will work out. God is in control :)
Just got so sick to my stomach I do not want to go to court tomorrow
follow cali D productions
Minnesota Vikings&#39; Joe Webb is solely a QB, and liking it ...
Dear Monday, You float like a butterfly and sting like a bee. You might need anger management or meditation. Hope Tuesday's less sassy. ME
Good Night ! A picture is worth a thousand words. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Rick Santorum travels dead worlds through the dreams of tortured souls living in the ninth hell.
-- yea I use twitter
Today's affirmation: I am living in the house of my dreams.
I'm amused that Sale missing one start makes for an intriguing "return". But I'm paying attention too, so...
On this day in 1821, Pafnuty Chebyshev, considered the godfather of Russian mathematicians, was born.
Oh man, possibly putting in a bid on a house today! Exciting!
like i saw his last name i was like that's uwas last name but i wasn't sure then his credit card had a chevron logo.
hahaha yeah, i dont go by the real name, its too mainstream, lmao!
dang I'm missing it....too many shows!
No, the trend was short lived and thanks to Cindy Lauper/Limited Express. When HS started, day-glo was seriously out.
Finally found the one its you <3
Making a new account.. :/ Will to all follow me again.?
No! You're a smiley face!
was not feeling it this morning!! now im feelin the pressure to get it in...
Also avoid cooking methods that use significant amounts of oils at high temperatures
good and yours??
I'm in LA today
Game 2: Clippers/Spurs.....WHO U GOT?
I think I just took the longest #twitter break ever... glad to be back tho :)
South Florida Business Journal rated Williams Island as number two in the top twenty-five country club communities in South Florida!
nice double today
sry I can't be there 2 show my support 4 u all!!! I'm Oak Ridge is there in spirit!!! "push right past'em"!!!
Do you have water in your basement? A plumbing pipe that broke? Water on your floor? Call Statewide Disaster Restoration 888-822-9500<U+2706>
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.5
Our CSTS ticketing site is still down. We're giving it all she's got! Oh. Wait. Wrong show. But we'll let you know when it's back up!
Please don't ruin my good day with your pointless drama . Thanks !
knows that his Fighting Philadelphia Phillies MUST WIN the next 3 out of 4 games to repeat as World Series Champions. GO PHILLIES!
Don't get it- time to library it RT Just took a little time out with Crime & Punishment this weekend loved it!
Attempting to stage a "fight" with an accordion is hard.
I'd forgotten how gripping the first 15 pages of Octavia Butler's KINDRED are. Phew -- gonna have to gulp this down in big doses!
haha I love you
what's the transportation situation?
Very well =] we're writing our EP right now =] We're just trying to spread the word about uss
Afternoon returns and then it's the weekend!
Sponsorship and product placement galore in #NASCAR and #daytona500 .
your doing it for the wrong males I'll #neverletyourest cause youll
It's raining outside, but it's not inside anytime fitness!
Part of me wants to retweet/spam the Deficit Super Committee members to add poker to their plans, but I fear I'd lose precious followers.
a female
see the world ;)
": cuz certain ppl have no lives LOL xoxo" hey u how have u been
I shouldn't wear purple, especially when I've longish hair. Oh well.
even Defoe shouldn't be there.he hardly gets a fuckin game at Spurs. Crouch and Holt have done way too good to be overlooked.
Word of the Day: moptimized = mobile optimized
-- Pleasure to meet you....cant wait to learn more. :)
THE #HEAT JUST GOT HOTTER WELCOME 2 MIAMI #GOHEAT!!
Why don't you get it when I wanna leave I wanna leave
Mt Hood won 3 straight sets to take match 1 vs. Walla Walla .... one more match to go!
"While My Guitar Gently Weeps" is a song written by George Harrison featuring the lead guitar of Eric Clapton.
Jrue Holiday just hit 2 daggers in a row
Going to see warren hood play at Momos.
I like Nin's version better -- can come at it from love or hate. RT : I love algebra.
A-Rod training in Plantation FL
"I'm feeling naughty tonight!"
Pabst Blue Ribbon or Miller High Lifes. Always classy!
Dude nice! One of my personal faves! Let me know what you think. Its kind of a slow burn, but i think its a masterpiece!
One more day till Thursday!!
I need a shave and a haircut... I'm one missing eye away from being a brown version of the National Bohemian guy.
The thing that makes me love you is the unforgettable smell of your skin <U+301C> <U+266A><U+266B>
can you do this behind your back? without looking?
She is a copy machine!
No Video is better than a Bad Video. 1st impressions are everything. Web videos are a "must have" but sloppy performances cheapen your brand
I left my showercap in LA & it's raining here in B-more. What am I gon do??
Fattest snare ever. Girls girls girls.
It's been a while sense I been on twitter I miss all my followers :)
Is it Friday yet?
I know :p
The petition has been up only 4 days and already 411 people have signed to keep FLES!!
Looking for HOT BODYSUITS for my fun new music video!! DM me, email me dolls! Let's have fun w/ this! xox
yep I'm up too. Ok, don't forget you have to share. TTYS. :)
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m. for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com.
DEFICIT OF TRUST. Brilliant
Excited to bring back great ideas & educate our faculty and staff on how to better communicate w students via social media
Resting before I have to go to work
It's a Flash file. I should've clarified. Worth a watch on a PC!
class wats up y u aint txt
I got checked out for nothing.
That is so true .
#Goodmorning hope everyone has a great day!!!!
Partying new years eve in LA!!! ...with mom and pop :/
Q3. It stands for Show Tolerance And Respect.
: to save characters Twitter style, you might have just said TGIF. FYI.
At the bar
You can't appreciate the time it takes, to kick a love I always knew was kinda wrong. Baby bring me down, I wanna be right where you are. <3
I think of Spam as being more of an over-processed pate than a flat hot dog.
Amazing day with the rest of the board, the future is looking awesome. Lots of work to do too though!
he killed it again!!!
We appreciate you!! :)
I am great. We need together soon. I haven't seen you in forever
Three ghosts didn’t visit me last night, so I just yelled at some kid to get off my lawn. He wouldn’t have brought back a goose anyway.
If it's your birthday here in twitterville...Happy Birthday To U!
even with my fist pumps last year...and thick accent...and gelled hair?
Can you please remove the hands from your pants it's distracting thank you
Losing innocence. Remembering heaven. That was the essence of hell. -John jakes
Cant believe I forgot to bring my mobile device to #mlamobiletech webinar!
best thing about wearing sportsbras , is being able to fling your shirt off when it's hot out.
You're nothin but bum, ya bum!
TY for the rapid responses, pleased to be part of a stellar family
a mentally challenged student just called another mentally challenged student a retard
okay seriously why are we tweeting eachother if we're on skype? Im done...for now...
My brother just hit me in the face I hate him
Siri vs iRis - I'll get some popcorn
#shouldbeobvious RT : Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
we support !
Has already made her happy hours plans for Friday. Who's got a fun plan for my Saturday???
Hey Tim,If you have a min,could I send you a few tracks?
Unemployment Sucks, Consider Culinary School
Fresh breeze today. Very nice. HIGH: 77. Fire danger through 8 PM w/ Red Flag Warning in effect. MUCH needed Rain Saturday through Monday!
hahahahah, somehow I feel exactly the same way
Welcome Back and Happy New Year from our kitchen to yours!
would love to hear it :)
Thanks for the follow. You're the best!
wow, that sounds good.
Stuck watching this stupid show GCB WITH
are people having a problem logging on Facebook
Why doesn't Irsay just say "it's not you it's me" lol so lame
they weren't a better team, AT ALL
oh I'm sure you're going to have a nice time waking up in the morning xD
I have a headache. Therefore, I want to do nothing. Go away :l
I dont chase no bitches , i just chase my dreams .
Thinking that person forgot about you. But deep down they feel the same way as you
Good girl <3
You get me a cold pop n' it will last forever. RT : So.. is following me. How long will this last
Show your ray ray ray
You only get one chance to breathe this in.
¤ Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. Barry Switzer
Christmas baking done.....now on to the best part, taste testing! Merry Christmas everyone!
LOL RT : Ruthie just screamed. I ran into room to see what happened & thomas is all I DIDN'T DO IT! Turns out Ruthie saw a spider.
#bitterness will hold you back more than the color of your skin ever will. THAT, sir, is reality.
THey were all singing & they put all the teens up in the front EVERYBODY was criying some lady was making this girl shiver
That's how we do LSU <3
#yukokitchen is bomb!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - GAME PLAYER
Is Facebook worth buying? I feel at this point most of the people have either joined Facebook or decided not to. Risky investment
Wow, wow, wow, wow. THANK YOU. My day just got way better. My favorite letter is "W" by a landslide
Looking forward to owning an iPad. Looking forward to playing SimCity on the iPad!! It's shinny and has an Apple logo on it.
TY for sending me your article. Sexism is indeed the problem, not men.
RT : I've realized I'm a douche. Hm lol
Do not tell me to "calm down". Ever.
Thanks for the heads up Krystal! I'll make sure to set the record straight! I'm sure is too "busy"! :)
Had a great weekend and a great VDay with the best girlfriend ever. On that grind stacking paper!!
Mad tired.
Money don't make a real man. A real man makes money! Peep that!
School already?
Looking forward to the Get Motivated seminar in Seattle today!
it was great! lol :)
I live in Baltimore but my wedding will be in Hagerstown, MD.
Joe Mauer cycle watch. Needs homer and single. Third inning right now.
seriously Joanne's is right behind michael's in the bad customer service race.
go read a book
I penetrate her in the mental and the physical...
Get ya knees flexin and ya arms t-rex'n.... Do the creep!!! LOL
Who'd a thunk it? Northern Colorado and most likely #CUBuffs in the NCAA Tournament. So sweet!
We are asking, NO challenging our fans to please help us get 300+ likes on facebook we arnt far Please if we get there YOU pick your prize!
“: May the fourth be with you. Never gets old, folks.” bahaha! Why have I never heard that before?! :)
females are hella weird ! ha
Silence is a true friend who never betrays. ~ Confucius
wow. now that's news.
Good morning, dagnabbit.
Tiger misses the cut.
Taken is such an awesome movie.
Proceeding underway, City and Occupy both plan to introduce documents and witnesses, decision could be awhile
Hey, You. Good Morning. Let's get some coffee.
oh lol is she with you right know??
#WeWontWork if you don't like doing spontaneous things
I'm feeling POWERFUL TODAY!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil the lights came on
so a drive-in from 2007 - ok makes sense. haha just kidding Steve, geez.
maybe his opinion is based on all of his mistresses! He is sadly misinforming!
u deserve better then
Needed that word GB! : Don't allow anyone to take your Peace. God gave that to you so how can u allow someone to take it away.
Interesting article about crime and sports RT: "When the home team beats a team ranked higher, crime skyrockets." -Garth Sundem
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
I had a great night with I miss this girl so much!
have to get ready for practice soon. :/
I've been all the day feeling unlucky because I know is already caught by nina. (Really sad) #aninconvenienttruth :(
didn't work
cuz he's a colt & he wouldn't be back in an executive role if he owns part of Titans
I like how you describe the gmail color scheme as visually offensive
Have you seen the new ship EPIC? If not let me know I'll send you a video! I have cabins available 1-22-11 great rates!
haha back atcha big guy. Get home safe
...is not so common.
omfg i used to talk to you all the time when my twitter name was QuotesBro ;o
hey farva, what's that place you like with all the shit on the walls??
Thur-sat it was so hot (100) that I didn't want to even be outside and now I'm wearing jeans and sweatshirts?!? Wtf
“: Apparently, zip lines are popular.”
lol. So true!
Late sunday Lunch at BAD burger
I would like to go to Starbucks. Would anyone like to take me? :l
we have already spilled a full beer all over the carpet
Coming home 15 minutes early = happy David
Stros will have to eat a ton of cash this season but Myers, Wandy and even Lee will produce good to great value in trades.
Not out here in the burbs where I work. Downtown? Who knows.
RT one of the TO's debatable and at some of those shots too. And OKC defended Bynum differently those last 2 mins.
I GOT DEM JUNTZ MY GUY U WENT ILL ON DEM JUNTZ IM DROPN TO 2 OF THEM 1ST TRAKZ U SENT ME WEDS THEN IMA WORK ON DEZ NEW 1'Z AFTA
lol o nope.. My phone doesn't support it -_-
That's Australian record, of course. #unshaved #London2012. He's been 18.52 in yards years ago.
can't spell roll tide without 2 "Ls"
I want to watch the avengers movie so bad :/
I really don't wanna go to first period !
Tweeting from Haifa :) shalom tweeters!
Just completed my #FreshDirectParty survey
thanks so much! :)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
lol...that sux! I got tired of the battle. So nails underwent a
lmfaooo only in Detroit
St Louis attraction visitors in millions: Gateway Arch 1M, St Louis zoo 3M, Busch Stadium 3.3M, Bass Pro Shops...4M.
website down?
My family is just ghetto as they can be
I didn't realize it till I pulled off
Great the worst part of my day has just begun #4thPeriod fuck you pregnant bitch
Or we would be interested to hear about anyone locally getting involved in the Olympics, or any local Olympians - past and present
If you expect me to kiss your ass, then go look for someone else!
My sister said I should be a dula
Lots of talk in Chicago about the Bears winning the division. I don't think Rodgers will let that happen.
one of my developers used one of your photo plugins and we didnt know it was yours until looking at comments. ironic.
Agreed. RT ": Sometimes I think there are too few stabbings."
There's something poetic hearing about how the sick and handicapped are still humans in this class. You don't choose to be sick.
Hey, thanks for the retweet. (Have you been to Istanbul--it comes up once in a while as a must-go next.)
Only because its my birthday & I AM GETTING THOSE TICKETS.
:P at least your not at a softball tournament.
Some white ppl really be on some other shit. This bitch really wants to see my dark side. I wish I could say my dark side was a joke.
me either From 1999 :)
Express for the win.
When rightfully accused, I prefer to sit.
Almost 1am, deep in objc, doing deployments in canada, usa, japan from maine w appblade, its gotta be some kind of stress test :)
The amount of time spent on each practice item should be appropriate to the relative benefit you get from it in games.
yea it sucks but once that band becomes big everybody want to listen to them
Ooh, let's try out some of those apps.
Who is getting voted of in Dancing with the Stars?
Cant wait for the NBA season to be over so my tweet timeline is reduced by 100's of stupid NBA tweets per day!!!
Drafting standardized test questions -- Yoda's hobby while hiding out on Degoba.
Hate all the things, tra la la lala.
#voteoutallincumbents they are not interested in running America their only concern is about the next election.
I dont ask questions Wat u mean
The biggest challenge of life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else
you're bad at math...
Sleeping at a college party. WHAT'S NEW?
It was awesome to see the #golfboys all congratulate after his win! Video number 2 soon??
Lol I love how I've been in and out of consciousness since after school :b
Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback. The lakers know better...
Three more Secret Service employees have "chosen to resign," the agency says - CNN
This guy must not like Mexicans
94 is hot when it's all humid and crap! *sweats to death*
it has nothing to do with laziness...NOTHING
give me a day or two, and I'll be handing out the "sneak peeks" as always;)
When it's love, it's never the right time to say goodbye.
If that's been the case this year you've been getting the worst of it. It's been so ridiculously mild this year.
where can I send a contribution for the vet bills? I don't have much money, but I'd like to send what I can.
how do i get in touch with your buying office?
Rise Against is the tits!
Download our Happy Hours App for Blackberry, iPhone and Android... thanks us later: www.gotime.com/mobile
dis white girl is at my house n she country she scared of every body even 9 year olders n she 13
In my rp I have plans for what Alli should say Jake... Possibly haha
Koufax of course. Schilling cause of the roids yeah RT : ChicagoMadeSean curt schilling and sandy koufax over clemens any day
Preparing a presentation 4 an interview 2morrow about "you, your experiences & capabilities that we have not learned from your resume"ideas?
DATS Y I HUSTLE NUN-STOP I WANT ALL DA MONEY....IN MY voice
There is no cheat code. That's level 1...
Are you specialty board certified
congrats ! what an incredible athlete, true sportsmanship considering events of last weeks game! kudos....now superbowl
i dont like the idea of getting back into doing homeword
Why r u so desperate to b my frnd
You sound a bit angry today, mate? Is that because XFA's going to murder your ratings on Wednesday?
Miami Stress Buster is now providing medical massage services covered by health insurance. Call to see if your insurance covers massage.
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight! With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion Tonight & Erykah Badu Saturday...
so the company that tells everyone how they're trying to "hip up" the Buick line doesn't see value. wow.
can't say i miss those days. good luck!
Thanks for all the RT's last night. Will probably take me 2 to 3 hours to thank you all. : )
You are what you eat: Why do male consumers avoid vegetarian options? Why are men generally more reluctant to try vegetarian products? Ac
happy valentines day <3
You are super lucky!! Enjoy the gold, I need like 12 more or something before I get mine.
Delicious. Bitter & slightly fruity. Nice work. Bravo.
scene where the son reads from his school presentation on "gang violence in los angeles"
Ight, I got u
and the sky is gloomy
Absolutely! Thanks for sharing on Twitter!
Romney is so phoning this shit in.
we like the new format! great to be able to add notes to a story. many thanks!
Mee! I bet its great!:)
It's nothin to do!
no we beat Washington 8 7. Then it started pouring
Oh! Great I <U+2665> that song!!
Itching your eye and falling down stairs sucks
Sounds about right. AutoZone or Advance price is prolly about 18-20, but DIY
Thanks! Glad you liked it. :) RT : Couerage Theater Company's Balm in Gilead was great! So refreshing to see good theater in LA!
Omg does anyone wanna hangout? I'm home alone and beyond bored-.-
might as well stay home
do i knoe u
"The single most powerful tool for winning a negotiation is the ability to get up and walk away from the table without a deal."
making demos of demos while courtney is in hawaii collecting volcanic ash for a vocal concoction she plans to market and sell ;) perhaps...
Pre Season is almost here come check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online just register and enjoy!!!!!
Cannot WAIT for the Beachwaver curling iron by . Woohoo!!
In Japan, they throw a big party when you turn 88. It's a symmetry thing.
I hate when you respond to their question and they try to relate everything you say to them o_O
The sourdough french toast turned out just okay. Needed more lemon flavor - maybe some zest. Added fresh nutmeg which was tasty!
What's a partridge, What's a pear tree? Well I don't know, so please don't ask me. But I can bet those are terrible gifts to get. -Relient K
JK, I'm a virgin. I don't believe in sex.
A wonderful night in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
This Friday the 13th new track by Dizzy Deuce & Bobby Gritz titled "The 6kness"
did you want me to try and buy tickets today?
the only thing this page is good for is news. noones ever on anymore......FAIL
no the real hard cash
what's the secret band?
“: Youre a tool” don't talk about yourself like that
did the lunch lady really just say yolo?
hey panda :) the lupe fiasco video on your site is fantastic! and unfortunately im not going to SXSW
aw thanx boo. I emailed you. You have to check it.
Who really reads your website? Your competitors.
My mind is up my sleeve.. if you think you should leave, i ain't stoppin you im lockin you out and keepin the keys
Follow me back
Congrats Gavin! Way to go.
yes I am
I need to make my resume/bio more exotic. Born in Buffalo isn't doing it for me. I just threw a dart at a map and Kenya it is. Its worked b4
Question: have you read A Clash of Kings? I wondered after seeing your tweets.
If Miley Cyrus trips and falls,is it considered a hoedown?...lol
NYC Kitchen Incubators
Hey Nana batch!!!!
we have done a total genre shift lately so I get the organizing! Argh!
Thanks for the article!
home bored..tryna c what I'ma do for my bday
Also, I just now realized I started my response with "eh," much as you did. Force of habit was all that was.
.-.-~~ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks! So how do you like the fame.? :)
If you really want to write a letter, hand it to the receptionist.
how about ubiquitous
did you see Logan Mankins' play today? Best LG since John Hannah, and big reason for Patriots run resurgence
you. o.o
thank you very much for tonight Risa! All of you on the panel were incredibly inspiring!!!!
You get a line, I'll get a pole. We'll go fishin in a crawfish hole. Five-card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
R U coming 2 the 'R U The Voice?' tour? First stop 2MORROW at 6p at Antioch Church in Long Beach, CA. Join us! It's going 2 be AWESOME!
We need a server side Java Developer - STAT! #ATX #Jobs #JavaJobs #JBOSS #SOAP DM for details
Is there a way to ignore or report for spam
Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!
Merry Christmas and love to all ma followers and followees.
thanks for following!
i'm a little sad i can't play google pac-man
fact. I totally agree with the jj's idea - whenever I think about ordering out for lunch at work I have to say no jj's :(
Wondering what is imbibing this morning
if you're going to 'confront' me with a bunch of he said, she said bullshit, get out of my face. like, who the fuck are you wasting my time?
“: If you #FF after midnight your followers turn into gremlins.”. Sweet. I'm gonna #ff then.
aha so YOU'RE the one who is taking our sunshine with them! Bring it back mister!!
"Take one for the team, Gorzelanny"
My job is having Brazilian dancers tomorrow on the 1st floor I'm a have to check it out
RT : I'm sorry, but your opinion & thoughts of me doesn't define the kind of person I am.
outrageous red max 213 at 7:10. Wouldn't open door for passengers! #Fail thanks for making us late
nice thrashing, what's causing that ruckus?
How am I wide awake right now??? This makes no sense?!
When it's time to clean your room And you don't know where to start
omg so today i was at southcenter and saw a gay couple holding hands and thought what if one day i randomly see larry at the mall !
still 9/10 left for me then!
Golden Showers!
Hrm - did you use a grid?
The gym music choices if I forget my iPod. Nobody wants to hear Bieber followed by REO Speedwagon followed by Lionel Ritchie
Watching minor details
Now that boosie getting out, I feel like more people are about to start getting more violent.
Any thoughts on "Hereafter"?
Interview eek
cooks D is so tight it's like strangulation. IALTO
hahah omg I was dying.
'Appy Canada Day! Especially to my mother, Manitoban at heart.
My cousins are TERRIBLE at finding Easter eggs.
Always a good sign when looking for a LB. RT : Mike Mayock says new #Titans LB Zach Brown "is somewhat allergic to contact."
Agreed. RT :I just don't buy the argument that #ebooks are more convenient than real books. More convenient than a paperback?
Best Actress Meryl Streep. After fourteen nominations she deserves it! I wish she and Viola Davis could've shared it though
of course! looking for something along those lines? Maybe not "mommy porn" but quick, easy and can't put down!
You're very welcome, Sara !
Never mix business, with new friends.
Detouring to tonight for Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour, Vegas Night 2. RU Ready to Dance!
co-founded the #BounceBeat Teen Awards to provide this generation with some formal recognition and set a standard for safety.
SUCCESS! MADE RED VEILVIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES!! <3 yuummmm
Oh emm gee...im hungry af!
I finished my street fighter x tekken vlog.
Morning, 5th Avenue! I'm tokin' my pre-work parly and some dood waltzes by with multiple lip rings + a hat that looks like a stuffed animal.
i think I am... but ..... i dont really know
Nearly killed the dog by making him walk a half mile. Didn't even make it to the park.
its whoever performs best... Any sex and race......
Food at was delish, service a big disappointment. My food came after ', app came w/ dinner. No mgr. on duty.
Hahaha it totally would be if there were wedding blogs on the screen!!! Ha
“: Oops! On me way love! :D”: been out here 15 minutes lmao
thanks for the follow and I am already inspired by the tweets you share. Thanks.
we are pretty great.
how much u charge for nipples and industrial?
His heart withers if it does not answer another heart.
Got poision ivey this weekend and it is killing me. Want to scratch my skin off!!!!
Get it, Yo! #BrewCrew off to a great start.
4 broken ribs, dislocated shoulder, and various other sprains, strains and bruises but still kicking. I showed that truck who was boss!!!
no, I meant on the commons
Can't wait for the Texans to start playing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
thank you so much. I am glad you enjoyed it. Stop again soon.
GunMitt very cold weather testing going on- 33deg, 8mph wind. pain begins at 59 degrees inside regular glove. Stay tuned..
That's fine. But I get to be armed with full auto plasma rifles. 140 megawatt range.
#schoolmemories going to school dressed in drag on a dare
When you look me in the eyes and tell me that you love me, everything's alright when you're right here by my side.
Taking clothes to a donation center: pants, shirts and sweaters.
me too!!
Happy Thanksgiving. Already missing my Annual two meals. Must settle 1.5 between Ma's and Ma in law.
It has a mind and beat of it's own.
And apparently you have Twitter. Haha. Keep doing your thing Mike. I'm rooting for you homie. I have my family and I have God.
Thanks again. Looks like we have a good start. We'll start doing our research and making some contacts!
Yo bro Lumbajack. i need ya email again.
don't send me spam!
. new book/project on mediacommons is important because it experiments with both open review and seriality
Working on a new project, I think something's wrong with me.
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard,& That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year! RT RT RT RT!
Of course Telly grew up to be a heroin addict.
A good reminder that we rock in PDX after being hailed upon yesterday when I was out seeking the sun-lol
Anyway I just spent an hour catching up on webcomics. Time for Sara(h) Shenanigans™.
you made another song that I love to dance to!
Why do I sabotage my efforts to be, a healthier version of this body? Doesn't matter. A little pain leads to less gain. Keep at it!
uhm, #google, why can't I text a people card or elements thereof any more? #ICS #android #galaxynexus NFC will not ALWAYS be answer
It's a Troll 2 kinda night!
11:11 on 11/11! I'm alive because numerology is meaningless.
“: Happy birthday to THE ITALIANS!!! ” Happy Birthday twins! :)
I feel the same about infants in coffee shops as I do about infants in bars: GTFO. Especially when barefoot.
I think it is fair to say legend so...RIP to the legend Steve Jobs....technology will never be the same!!
but he is!
I freak you right I will.
first full weekend off in 6 months WOO HOOO !! its miller time
Jlo is seating next to Meryl Streep??
Cookies + Magnificent 7 = Yay and also probably not getting to sleep until 1 AM.
Frank Isola: Red Bulls&#39; glamour Galaxy tilt hamstrung by Henry injury
Okay thanks!
yes yes. i can do that. just not this weekend. what about memorial day weekend? not sat though, i will be HUNGOVER!!
when I had jury duty, I read a bunch about him. He's not feeling well. His hands no longer grip!
Great week: Audition for recurring guest star yesterday, directing for and opening escrow for my real estate client today!
its so funny watching all these bieber groups just steal the same tweets from each other over and over like bitch that shit is not original
That is the best looking tomato I have seen in years!
Did they catch the crazy dude?
Definitely not wearing green today!
I had to disassemble it. But hey, got the right clay now, gonna do it all over again, and proudly mount/frame my first successful failure.
HGTV's eco-home goes lean and green - The Seattle Times
Well im off to work
How come they don't broadcast Lunar Eclipses live on the radio?
And we're back. We were just changing all the fonts to Papyrus, and that does take a while.
was everyone really participating? Sure looked like it on TV
' Just got woke up out a fire as nap!
well its raining
Going for the golf #TeamGolf #LetsGo @
Soon as I get a job xD which seems like never lol
Woo! is our newest member! Welcome aboard, Gary! It's great to see your 3d printer make so much progress so quickly. :)
Use Twitter to display your business growth,charts, statistics, & other factual data.
We had to cut some of the song considering it was originally 6 minutes long
Tomorrow can wait till tomorrow..it's all About tonight
thanks Heather...I think my motto is "go intense or go home!"
Thanks to for having us at their event last night! Custom label wine is a MUST for every wedding!
tell me too! RT Anyone with a preference for a website annotation tool? (Looking at AnnotateIt, crocodoc, Diigo, and A.nnotate.)
Twitter fuckin up too many times
At purple onion for the afternoon. Holla at ya girl.
New Music dropping June 1st. My debut EP BarakTheRapper. Uptown in this.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy. ~Dwight L. Moody
#PhD #School #Motivation #Ugh Can’t wait for this semester to be over, so I can do something not school related !
is Snapback Better Than Fitted Hats?????
#thisweekend its Landons BDAY...we bout to be so gone!!!
typo your
lmao, because I don't want to. Be happy I'm following you.
lol! So u already know what's good!
effin tell me about it....I wish I could retweet this ya betch. getting burned so bad at work....FML
if okc get past the Lakers then they got it made
Fetters was 2-5 from the line before that make
it's boring unless you're on the 54th turn with that's as exciting as the draw something gets
Tailgating at Qwest Field. Go Chargers.
Guilty as charged, with the stories.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co25 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
There is still time to meet the Ranchers. Come in down.
Watching Fashion Police with Viggle Fri | 21 | E! Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the line of support vs marketing is one we struggle & work with everyday. Great presentation!
I can't wait until the day I come home, kiss my wife, rub her pregnant stomach and wish her a Happy Mother's Day........EVERYDAY Yup
The Pokemon World Championships are at my hotel. Gotta Catch 'Em All. Awesome
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
That is a fantastic show and have watched it since the beginning. I think you'll love it!
. I can't wait to hear how good tacos and marg are (read: nobody cares about the dude w/o taste)
No't Cool Boy No't Cool....
Hi there Booyah_Boom
Good for you. What about everyone else's kids though? How do we help everyone b/c if we don't then all of us lose?
: i don't think this will EVER get old...
Thanks for following us on Twitter much appreciated
bad defense celtics
Ive lied about being sick to do something fun at least three times as often as I've actually been sick. Last flu was like seven years ago
What is your perfect date?
Girl scouts. Girls count. / The women are the way. / The feint of former victims / feinter still // a tiny little
Amen and amen!!!
Myla put rocks in her pockets on our hike, then dropped them all on the way home. She then blamed Kinsley when she couldn't find them...
Congrats! We're oh so patiently waiting to hear 'All Over You' LIVE at ! Yeehaw!
No question great game OKC vs Dallas great series !!!
Shout out to the homie for blessing me on the keys earlier... Smash coming soon
Mike Brown is a bad coach.
your welcome (:
Vehicle wrap demonstrations by Arlon & Mutoh are on tap at 11 am in booth 769 at
working..I'm trying to get an apartment..what u on
Eating like a king right now and drinking beer while celebrating Josh Hamilton's 4 homer game
something meta about the relative permeability of boundaries, separation, selfhood, isolation
Need more followers <33 if ur not following me follow me <33 :) pppplllllleeeeeeeaaaaaasssssseeeeeeee
RT : Personality wins the heart.
lo are primota
#Brewers should have miniature flashlight giveaway next time #Cardinals are in town
Yes! No problem. To register plate, select MX from website dropdown menu of states & countries or call us at 619-661-7070.
When your HIGH, when your LOW-said i promise i will never let you go:#thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay See? Even Keri Hilson smokes pot!!!
Granulated Soul (original mix) Oliver $
i forgot who u are :(
Join us w/our beauty partner, LAMIK Beauty in Lenox Mall tonight. For our NYC Fashionistas, join us @ J.F. Lazartique (on Madison Ave)
How did you celebrate #MothersDay?
i don't think i've ever been this angry before.
Freezing outside.
What's a cheap place to host websites? I'm thinking of launching two of 'em, that I've been building within the next 6-8 weeks...
RT ": Back to our shinju dates (:" Yeeee I love these ^.^
#swagitout love this song!! Your a great singer!
#Ravens ftw<3 i love them and always have.
I don't know Christmas carols... I'm going to hell
Followed and done. What's next?
NO I need to REMOVE the GOOGLE Analytic ID. I need to ADD my other ANALYTIC account.
I am too! See you tomorrow bright and early at
Chicken Tacos tonight.... Homemade tortillas. They take some extra time, but are so worth it! & a $$ saver!
Did anyone go to #harby fireworks last night they were great!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Just found out The Hillbenders will be at the Cool Creek Concert Series on June 29th! Has anyone seen them in concert before?
oh! Are you watching it at a place?
Unbelievable. What a finish.
okay! i'm getting off in a bit :)
haha LOL not that much anymore. Mostly, I retweet interesting things.
It occurs to me that I may have something of a shoe fetish. Which is funny, because I have really ugly-like, Barney Rubble-feet.
Waukesha County declares Jeff Foxworthy the winner of their democratic primary. He received 328% of the vote.
yess! It's awk bc I tweeted your old account that got hacked i think right? But yea I tagged that one 1st and was like ohh um..
RT : Thanks to , LIFT-The Bronx has connected Bronx residents to over $117K in #benefits since January 2012!
We're glad it's no longer a Justin Bieber song.
Answer #tipa2012. A bit superfluous
Games canceled at Eastfield for tomorrow, 2/11. Games will be scheduled at a later date
you know you're in california when a guy rolls by ona segway witha surfboard on his back
24 out of the 25 largest newspapers are declining in circulations because the news reaches users in other formats: How do you get your news?
If ya dont know has the best bumper music on radio.
#IThankGod that i do not have to conform to this world! Because I am not of this world! Let's give God some #Praise!!!
The only time i think someones ugly is when they never smile like they got life so bad when dont , &'&' have an attitude for no reason .
Nice to sing the Phantom last night. Lots of fun in a very beautiful venue.
Congrats to our 8 state #AfterschoolforAll Champs!
Hosting a Gil Scott-Heron tribute show this Monday, 5/30, 11-1 on wtju.net
Reliving the first time I heard In Rainbows in the rain. It's not raining.
you know the WILSON'S ????
Back in the LAB in the morning Diego here we come!!!
Hey!!! Great to see you over here! Loving the weekend pix I've seen -- heading over to FB to look for more. Happy Hump Day!
new code-complete in Flash CS5 is much appreciated, thanks Adobe!
Technology makes me so happy! Web Designers check out SiteGrinder 3
Day game. Couldn't get off from work. Don't know what you're cryin' about. You were at GLD!
I need to talk to nephew Cameron Whalum who plays my instrument the Trombone
Good opening Tag.
Looking forward to your blog and this amazing journey you are to experience :) Congrats again!
Listening to one of my favorite bands of all times Deftones
“I love to sail forbidden seas and land on barbarous coasts.” <U+2015> Herman Melville
I hated PAMS ughgh the worse 3 years of my life well at least now when I step into pungo I won't get shot cuz ill c someone I know
To lose weight, first turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right. Repeat every time you are offered something to eat.
Join with us to provide opportunities for the underprivileged. Help break a pattern of slavery.
Yes you did! We talked about it a while back. :) But that's okay...I get it...you forgot...three times...;)
Ke$ha's $prech$temme: Schoenberg's influence on contemporary dance music
haha been stuck in Charlotte a little too long I think!
EXCLAMATION POINT!!!!!!
Ah, much fun was had at show tonight at the Fine Line. EXACTLY what I needed right now. Ears still ringing.
Follow me for super discounts on auto repair and oil changes. We come to your home, office, business or we can meet you at the park
Thanks. Please let us know if there's ever anything we can help you with.
#POTD "Roadrunner" by Jonathan Richman & the Modern Lovers. One of the songs which just perfectly encapsulates rock and roll.
Can't we just put Windows in a try/catch?
Great question. I hope there would be full faith & credit
Sounds fun! Enjoy.
5 CEOs that Should Have Already Been Fired (Cisco, GE, WalMart, Sears, Microsoft): via #Leadership without innovation
&quot;How to Be Prepared for an Emergency with the Definitive Survival Course&quot; from ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
and it's also my favorite wrestler birthday so Happy Birthday 2 us!!!!!!!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
ima get you high today , cuz its friday .. you aint got no job , you aint got shit to do !
Watson gets thru for us We continue to absolutely crush it :)
RT : The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it simply.~Khalil Gibran RT
We may not have the power to choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there
It's a good day for laying in sun beam and farting.
I thought that was a normal thing to do...
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman P Veale
#lemmeguess you're 29 & 'moved back in with your parents to help them out'
Shut up. RT A privilege to spend time with Desmond Tutu last night at
i grew up in fontana {:-0 haha
my song is coming along so well
- my favorite side is the third base side at Dodger Stadium:o) Thankful to bleed Dodger Blue!
Roy Williams is about to have a heart attack
We are so excited to welcome The Mob Wives break out star, will be our special guest host, this tuesday on !
If this weather isn't a sign of global warming, I don't know what is!!!!
I whip my hair back and forth... whip it real good. ;)
getting on twitter
Sweatpants, hair up, curled up on my couch under a blanket.... Aw yeaa
Michigan, Ohio st, Iowa, Norte dame, and Alabama
how can you stand that guy, loser! I hope cotto kills him, literally
Beer goggles in full effect.
I'd like to see #RATM beat #xfactor to the xmas number 1, the crusty fuckers only have one song.
I so want a funnel cake from jack n the box
Loved hearing say "Your job is not to write the best code in the world, it's to write the most appropriate."
you are amazing ok
Must say that all this SOPA and PIPA chatter today has really raised my awareness. Thanks and others.
Ribbon Hero can be used to learn how to use the ribbon. Use Google to find this great training tool.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? <3
everyone i see an ad for safe it makes me wonder if Jason Statham can play any other character.
I was gonna tape some HEB bags together & make a wet suit.
Agree! On plane and in Bikram Yoga. Guy next to me did that last night... Not pleasant, not pleasant at all!
i'll smile again....even tho this moment i cry..nd even tho life gat me confused,...ill be wise again.
Pondering an Pi Day. Or as insists, Half-Tau Day. Oh yes. In other news, I now have Weebl & Bob stuck in my head.
China buffet with
I use those to improve my posture :-)
We have to get to a point when we decide to not be pitiful about our views on ourselves
How much is a pack of skittles these days?
Willie's slow ass just texted me from the back of the bus talking bout 'come here' -_- coulda just called my name ...
Zimmerman gets bond and GPS monitoring
You are paid to vote, not run to Illinois and hide. You did not get recalled this time, but that does not mean we will stop.
I hope nobody wins tonight's #megamillions so we can see a billion dollar lotto prize.
Well it's been an eventful twitter night...
Chris Getz is behaving like an All Star hitter.
this ish about to drive me krazie...
I NEED to hear it!
hey i have been following you for a long time and i am the hugest fan. it would mean the world if you followed me back, no lie.
Thanks! ^-^ lol Last night I was trying to play my guitar and it was the funniest thing :p didn't turn out so well :D
LOL at that girl. wahh i cant breahte hahahh " and he brought me to this garden and we did it" LOL and he let me see jerry PLZ girl
hahahaha you're such a cutie :D xx
let's talk, prepping a podcast for as well
unbelievable! Using ppls privacy as a commodity !!!
Snuggle time with the roomies
I so appreciate you letting me know. Definitely interested. Let me see if I can move some things around.
Moats and boats and Waterfalls, Alleyways and payphone calls, I been everywhere with you
you are birthdaying this fine day, & that pleases me greatly. Have a surreal one!
Hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe (;
I just want alone time with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Watching American Pickers...yay
Summer Camp applications due in 10 days! Make sure you have yours in by April 13th. Late applications will not be accepted! Thanks!
np Travis porter - cake
“: , I feel like your sunglasses are sitting on the assignment desk counter?” I'm coming to get them soon.
Have to back up and replace my macbook when I get home on Wednesday. Just how I wanted to start the summer.
dope, we'll see what you 'bout.. You should specify which local talent you're promoting, perhaps ?
Life never gets easier, only harder.
#RIPChuckBrown Wind me up Chuck!
would he have to start all the voiceovers with "hey girl"?
Absolutely for the better. I have been loving it! Learning curve wasn't much. Great whiteboard/sketchbook combo for me.
More antiques coming in today! Stop by and say hi to Lisa the owner!
If you've noticed that I've been fairly quiet, it's because there is a lot going on, but nothing I can talk about yet.
My bitch RT : I'm letting tell me what to do
Gail Christopher just stood up to say that the opinions of the panelists do not reflect the position of Kellogg Foundation.
Congrats to AP's Apuzzo/Goldman/Hawley/Sullivan for investigative Pulitzer on NYPD's secret intel department.
we could be up by 300 runs tonight, and somehow they will still end up with the tying run on base in the 9th.
NO! nome of them will be shown.....
Yep so how's germany?
Seen like 4 sets of twins on my line today.....
<U+2665><U+2665>Man! Praise and worship was AWSOME! is an awsome band! I want all of their CDs now!<U+2665><U+2665>
This fucking computer holy mother
RT RT what if you tour restaurants? that too!
same heading to hcc now
How can you expect for something to work if you don't even try to make it work?
lately brides have been asking if we can play with singers or trumpeters- the answer is YES! have a question? send it our way!
it proble already happened huh
I c u found me on twitter
#muchLove #Vegas for making our living social deal a success!
I don't remember this. :( What happened? RT : Congrats, Hoosiers! Indiana defeats arch-rivals Purdue, 78-61. Go Big Red!
do I get to see you Sat?!
dear 1,149 followers please follow She Just Started Last Week And Shes My BFFL
I'm stuck in the terminal, should I abort?
Just discovered that AOL still exists. Who knew?
#Walt Bodine and #Ira Glass, an archive that includes a great deal of insight, mutual respect and relaxed conversation.
The show on Saturday was super kick ass thanks for coming out! Facebook.com/IvySpokes check it out!
And again and again
Don't forget! This morning (Sat) it's the Cesar Chavez March for Justice! 8-10a will be the Opening Ceremony from Guadalupe Cultural Arts!
Can he just get in my bed already? He looked so fucking sexy.
funny my surprises in Syracuse always involved the sudden appearance of unexpected homeless people
I was just thinking today that I haven't spoken with you in like a year. I'd like to see you and you husband soon please.
Hey Bob - Are you still in Dexter Michigan right now?
UM....(for once I am lost for words)
So good to have Joanne Milani long time Tampa tribune art critic visiting with me today.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 72F PARTLY CLOUDY
Got my phone back :')
i'm sorry but what the hell is with the Spanish Uniforms. It's the stupidest thing.
"You have nothing else to do but to save souls" John Wesley to Methodist preachers
The band or the Bible book?
Follow Back
I love my mommy <3
Castle does not disappoint! Can't wait for next weeks episode!!!
I strongly considered going to the store on my way into the office.
OMG girl... Your house must smell delicious! Enjoy those goodies!
Hey Girl!
I'm honestly too on-edge about all of these bomb threats to do work
:o Susie with nothing to say!??! #itsamiracle :p
Bitch you talk To much; shut up
RT I'm enjoying all your tweets, Leslie! Very relevant to what I do->Thx & best luck w ur interesting book!
My lil brother don't really like baseball but he likes chillin wit me so its all love
Thanks for RT
You Want it, You Get it: the good n the bad. Be Aware of your Thoughts and Desires- You're much more Powerful than you Think.
I feel like I'm going to die
definitely that was too much fun!
What did you have for lunch (or.. your late lunch =)!?
Time in customer support is well spent -- but never easy.
that's what I thought..
dang,its only 8 here!have a good nights sleep and have fun filming because without you the hp would suck,your my favorite!
: Son: Will they have a sign in Heaven w/ your name on it so I can find u? Me: No I don't think so, but I sure God will let y ...
T1: I'd get to see my PT wife more if she got to enter data throughout the day, as she treated. Spends 2 hrs after hours entering
just lost interest in house own story.
I love nights like tonight, and I LOVE my wonderful frands so much!
Loving the tuesday/thursday Schedule
WARNING: I'm about to try red velvet cheesecake. Maybe my cheesecake making days aren't over.
got my FTP set up. holla at me if you need any online storage space. I've only got 150gb right now, but I'll be upgrading to a TB soon
Booked a big #modeling shoot for next week...thanks to #yoga I am so prepared!!!
Come see me at Soul Asylum Studios!.. I dare you to make #GoodMusic!.. lol
You know you at the top when only heavens right above it, we on!!!
Put it together
Who did the Celtics get for Big Baby....oh yeah Garbage ass
that's just wrong
The casting is perfect. People will flock to see this. I can wait for the tie-in merchandising!
RT : If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it ~Jonathan Winters
Random question: Why do "confidence" and "confidential" have two very different meanings?
do you miss jeff hardy
heard about this cyberbullying thing not cool at all want 2 be the one to end it #CyberBullyingIsWRONG !!!!
what email do we send the stuff to?
thanks for rt'ing those Jayme.
where exactly is #romney releasing his tax records and how can we view them?
I'm sorry; just now read this. Couldn't see the screen on my iPad at the spa, where I've been all day not working.
I don't even watch American Idol and I can't believe the dude with the hair is still on.
sure, filters it is - i'll "check out" that page now
Healthcare Reform-Imagine? Be smarter than health insurance agents... Who has the upperhand then? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Heading over to the ole high school to check out the Loucks Games for a bit.
happy birthday Mary! ;)
lol. That's great.
you following me + you're sexy photo don't add up. Ur selling something but looks like it should be one of those auto sex tweets
i love you so much, follow me please
At the movies bout to see the avengers
I was wondering where yalls individual twitters were, but I guess this is better:)
I'm a mouse in the house of owl's. So yes.
i need to start drinking those 5hr energy drinks before work so i dont fall asleep
will do
getting ready for chruch and then were having lunch on the grounds so ill see you guys later(: <3
Ah... did you send me your MyAlganon display name?
lebron's facial hair looks dumb.
on fire tonight! Wildest party ever. Call in sick tomorrow <>
thinking that when people said 'Across the pond', they were talking about New Jersey
I'm tired of people telling me that I shouldn't run. I want to run, dammit! Watch me!
We're not all like that :)
What do you think of the Ravens draft picks?
Sorry I missed you in NYC last month.Congratulations on Grammy nom. Would love to talk about some projects.
Sir, will you be joining us in Santa Fe next weekend for the centennial reunion?
Listening to shout out discovered facts about the Beetlejuice cast. Right now, she's telling me how Otho died.
Peoples blank faces make me laugh..
Jake needs an instagram...I need new pics of him.
as a violinist I'm biased, of course, but one 'cello contains the entire human vocal range - kinda hard to beat.
mood just went VERY POOR....QUICKLY.
So, I end my coursework with two As and a soon to be S. Not too bad in my book.
Did I mention Cabin in the Woods is out Friday?
If you remember what it smells like, it wasn't an opium candle. // MT : what does an Opium candle smell like?
Reading the blog posts @ stratejoy.com about the dreaded Quarterlife Crisis motivates you to kick butt! #truth -- Start now!
waiting on #obama to release replay! i heard he has sick micro with drops
A warm hello to you from Miami! RT : Hi from italy ;)
The QB legend A. Garcia has 217 yards and 4 TDs with 10 minutes remaining in the 3rd. How does he do it?
Thanks, man.
says the girl tweeting this right now...
oh yes. the desk. how could I forget?
If u can't live without me, then why aren't u dead yet??
Q1 O!! really good idea to put new books on the digital signage around campus!
Is there an app for android or ios that lets you write your own small programs?
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
How can you let that happen? Put the delicious bacon in your belly!
Taking the week to relax then its back on our grind when we perform in Manchester, NH on Saturday the 24th!
Ouch - not a good first impression! Cafe Bleu is always a solid little spot though.
Beer and Baking partay! :)
So we're actually going to try and win with a normal lineup. Awesome.
Hope everything goes well at the meeting.
hello how are u doing? it was nice meeting you!
A bihhh be cranky when she ain't getting none
please follow me<3
how is #bartab working out for you so far? If you haven't already, definitely be a part of our next pub crawl!
ohh braces suck!(:
your solar truck was today. What's going on over there?
Fantastic Spring morning!
3 reasons to date a Canadian 1 He might know Justin Bieber. 2 He might know someone who knows Justin Bieber. 3 He might be Justin Bieber.;D
Keep your nose out of my business and I will try to keep my foot out of your butt...Deal?
Some stuff i wanna read on a twit pic but its tttttttooooo long :-)
wishing the #bucks weren't sucking so bad. It's kinda lonely in the verizon center when they're down by 20.
Twitter is looking good on my new phone
oh wow
1200 followers? Must be challenging to be so consistently interesting.
Go follow Cheye on twitter
I hate the DM messages I get from people that say people say bad stuff about me umm if I cared I would of set shit straight along time ago
Which film should I host for a theater screening? Tommy. Walkabout. Chico y Rita. Or Prick Up Your Ears?
Baltimore/D.C. too. Pretty weak IMO.
Whoever wins the title this year will have an asterik because of the Rose injury. Its a shame.
I know for a fact #Dora pussy stank, because that bitch ain't never home to take a shower !!”
Best Mac and cheese from a restaurant?
Notorious Spinks ... aunt. blogger. grad student... and so much other stuff. LOL!
any time! Always glad to see ya!
drake jus stand for do roofies an kick eric
Good morning have a great day! <3 :)
Need an ED209 for library security. Hope to get a used one cheap.
:) RT : Hey gang! Follow and ENRICH YOUR LIFE!
Listening to The Hive podcast from & Share the #podcast love!
Had big plans for today, including bead store going out of business sale... So sleepy/lazy tho...
Really honored and excited to be a part of the 2011-2012 class of Leadership Miami! Let's get to it!
apparently horny little girls like her ! LOL & I'm still wondering who took that picture of her O.o
don't miss me 2nite! “... if we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.” - Ivan Turgenev
Hi Rex, thanks for the follow - can't wait for the sequel VERTICAL. Like Miles' Cheval Blanc, I know it'll be great!
. describes his acquisition theory : "I seek to publish the books that scare me."
What do you want to know? How to pay? What they include?
hello loves. I can do it tonight, but I work until 9pm so does 10 sound good with you guys?!
Love how I can have students post model writing to a Google Doc in share edit mode, and then switch to view only security mode to project.
RT : Create in me a pure heart, God, and make my spirit right again. -psalm 51:10
Haha #WeLoveLouisTomlinson and #NotGayEnough are trending at the same time
The room of J's! Jess B., Jess M., Jay, Joe, Jake, and...Kristie...
Damn you rain!! Our shoot has to be rescheduled.
several thousand satisfied customers in Cleveland. Interested in what you have to offer!
According to KTLA-TV ... "No tickets in California with all 6 winning numbers for tonight's Mega Millions drawing." darn
Markakis hits triple, driving in a run. 4-0 #Orioles. Yeah, he's fine.
Thats great!! Me too :)
“: Every time a PR thanks a journalists for coverage a unicorn dies. Remember that.” it's true. Sad.
Pls note you will never be president. Only thing keeping you in Congress are idiots. All you can do is name call.
Blondes Totally Have More Fun! Check out our site to see how. ;) ;)
The Coach's Call of #YTB from the weekend in Las Vegas 2 wks ago: 712-432-0990 PIN 306199#. On the Seven Habits & the YTB School of Wealth.
RIP Steve Jobs :(
keep looking for more #interviewtip the december grad edition: getting you ready to find and get hired at your 1st career all month long!!
Your website looks good. But where is the link to your Chronicle piece?
:( Hope everything is okay!
Mickey was right. Can't. Hardly. Walk.
#Happy because the Lord hears me. By submitting to Him always He will reveal to me His wonderful plans for me. #Love #God with all of you.
LOL . . . your evasion is adorable, but it wont work. Scroll down. I talked about the disproportionate black on black crime
latestproject reminds me of twilight zone, but with a zodiac/fortuneteller spin. All original/better. Perfect for you. J/S
Hahaha!! Your wife is awesome! YOU... quero Taco Bell.
Oh, Okay
Nothing more satisfying than catching up with people you haven't seen in a long time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
It is said 'God is in the details'. Also said 'the Devil is in the details'. Must make for an awkward day down there in the details.
I honestly don't know, but we will try to post it soon ! Thanks for wanting it though ! :)
no one just a song..
...you do now
Oh no lol RT : ROFL “ She's angry because white guys aren't supposed to move like this.”
I'll mess around and be rich out here. My hustle is too on point outta state.
Anyone wanna Skype?
today is a fantastic day to save eyes =)
Thanks for dominating this year at UK. We will never forget Devastation, Inc.
sounds good, just out of class but have to pick up a few things. Fb me your number and I'll hit you up
HMS National Offers Tips for Homeowners on How to Develop a Plan to Sell Their Home
lmfao! I don't think it is shaggy:( but it looks soo much like him!
Nice article on First Monday!
all of my employees are on Sprint, so I'm likely going to wait and switch from Verizon. No idea what "coming soon" means though.
So wait...are we paying tax on out of state internet purchases now?
www.ryantinesday.com - yes, please.
...is that bitch crazy??... Not getting a photo with BOTH halves Monchele... are you kidding me?
Thought that was what Journey songs were about already.
Some people are ok. But others I just wanna poison.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction. ~ Oscar Wilde
We had: Pork tenderloin, red potatoes, carrots, greenbeans, corn, cinnimon apples and rolls!! SUPER YUMMY!!
#Badgers sign Danny O'Brien, transfer from Maryland. Will attend graduate school this fall at UW. Has two years of eligibility remaining
Read my new shout on the #maleforce app
Your neighbors mail box.. Lmao
Going to #ISA2012 in #SanDiego next week? Stop by booth 118 at the Hilton Bayfront April 1-4 to meet our editors & get discounts.
Decaf coffee and then bed!! :)
yeah, but I'm supposed to be out being young. Instead, I'm going to bed.
wow now that is crazy! doing well my friend, working hard trying to have fun!
I'll help you fix that! :)
Reading them now at the same time I'm reading Hunger Games books too.
I love my little bow tie. :)
One question..why can't I stop thinking about you? <3 If only you were thinking about me? :) iloveyou
Reasons to Factor: 1: Ability to take advantage of vendor discounts 2: To have funds for payroll and taxes
That was fast. RT : Welcome him to twitter:
thanks for the follow :-)
the only thing i miss is spotify premium
ADHD has been helped by restricting food high in starch and sugar including fruit which all digest to sugar i.e. excess energy.
Nine out of ten US Hispanic parents and parents-to-be want their children to be able to speak Spanish and to be fluent in English.
#40thingsaboutme i get too attached very fast :(
Yum, Nathan's but watch the nitrates! Glutan free bun, why not?
and Happy New Years to everyone out there celebrating!
Who took over account?
Please follow
What constitutes good writing encourages participates to join together and to accomplish meaningful things
have fun and make it a masterpiece!
I hate when people cross the boundaries that should never be crossed
It's almost time for April in the D!!!!!!!! Woo! Next week opening day is already here, can you believe it!?!?!?
yeah but i cant sleep
Twitter is going to have to live without me most of this gorgeous day.
its called fatherhood.
Yay! I hope you get to do reviews of Emotobooks!
yeah texans have reliant lol. The dome belongs to the Oilers. First inductee = Warren Moon
Wolf Gang? what,,,,, TAYLOR GANG ALL THE WAY!!!
HB1238 brings together parents, educators & specialists to address the individualized needs of students who are falling behind in K-3
Please follow the New Mexico Philharmonic on twitter
I hate this Evo so much. What the hell was I thinking. Now it's time to decide on a new company. AT&T, T mobile, or stick with Sprint?
I am so awesome at dancing.. I fell in love with myself in this video<3
School vs modeling is always a hard decision. But then I think of how much $ I'll make with a degree vs without one and the decision is made
Jack White tix for the Ryman!
good thinking! hope to see you there!
you definitely don't wanna bang jenna haze. I saw her in person, she looks BEAT in real life.
no prob! Good post!
This is hard to watch.
Someone on Facebook claims there you! Whats your real facebook?
starting detox
can't wait to see you tonight!! Thanks for helping spread the word and all your support!
job interview today!!
Keeping it positive. No matter what! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
smoke all day lord know i stay high
Anyone have any clue why Game of Thrones is only airing on HBO Latino???
So true! And phone calls helped me and my team when securing Tia Mowry for the May expo.
Im finna open my own gyro stand its go be called gyro steppin lol
2 things that made today awesome: 1). I chatted with Rex Ryan on my flight 4rm ATL to NYC (Still smiling) 2). MSNBC is re-airing the
Watching Family Guy :-)
Text You of the Day "It's Saturday and I am going to try something New today"
I texted you the other Day!!!
OPINION: Best store at Cottowood Mall for back to school shopping for kids/teens?
How did I miss the news that Bob Sanders was done for the season? I feel bad for him.
love u! Please follow? Thanks! :)
: :O WAAAAAAAAAHT. so luckyyyyuhhhh. are you in PPS District?
there was a false report he died ....
Guys with white teeth
love u to.
K.I.D.S. & the Nat'l Diaper Bank Network donate 20 million Huggies to families in need throughout the US in 2012. We love that!
Rest in peace Hank Jones
I forgot the beat battle was tonight!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your friend is making jokes about you and your boyfriend and the teacher walks by an covers her ears. XD
how you like those gatorade bottles eh? ;)
Thanks, much appreciated!
not if they end up playing the b's
good idea.
I'm really scared I'm gonna get called to the deans tomorrow for skipping 2 periods.. :'(
I am so jealous right now!!! ;)
If you can't make our tour early on Friday, feel free to join us after 8:30 at Twin Anchors, 1655 N. Sedgwick. Fellas too!
zoe has glasses
Wife and kids away for two weeks. I'm gonna miss 'em. I'm also very likely to starve to death.
thanks Jay for ur support !
you know you super high when youre watching tv and think youre in it....
Tomorrow is Milwaukee's own - events kick off here at the theatre. Good luck to all participating teams!
"The Wizard of Oz is just a movie about two women fighting over a pair of shoes." Then LOTR is about a bunch of guy trying to ditch a ring.
Is anyone else limited as to how many people they can follow a day? I can only follow about 6. What's up with that?
DH cohort hitting childbearing age?
Brentwood is miss or miss.
Watched Unsung on TV One last night. 3 words: Big Daddy Kane
Meeting my unk in am . B.L.E ALL DAY
Please follow this #acon for me >>>>> (;
I think nick is on a following spree(; RT
Why yes, I do still get excited about bubble wrap.
Flying a confederate flag does not signify that you like country music....I'm pretty sure it means you support slavery.
All mediocre females the exit is to ur right
every movie would benefit from the inclusion of Justin Long and/or Gary Oldman. just sayin'.
Live the good life. Live Green with www.artisansgonegreen.com
What..Theyre Complainin About How Pretty You Are ? ;D
I want Subway<\3
THE FACT (4 THOSE LINGERING IN THE DARK) IS THAT THE PREDOMINANT RACE ON FOOD STAMPS IN AMERICA IS NOT AFRICAN AMERICANS. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
#Expert Search Processed: #Residential #Mortgage #Litigation - Qualified to Purchase - #IL - (Contact re: Mortgage)
By all means.
Time for a family outing with my cousins.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Harold R. McAlindon
Is drawing masterpieces, so yes I am drawing the cast of PLL.
Day 2 barbq just as good...
Congrats to for winning "Best Wine by the Glass"!!!
Unfortunately, some who really need it would never want it.
Bumps in the Night Halloween Party 10/29/2011. $10 gets you in and all proceeds benefit our Youth Scholarship Fund! STAY TUNED
The idea of moving out of state is very appealing. Just pick up and leave
As if in response to yesterday's tweets, recorded a site today adjacent to a cleared well pad area. Likely at least part of site removed.
Fuck did not mean to tweet that
OMG Did Whitney Houston really die??!! I hope its just a rumor :(
you deff need to catch up!
Author, Jules Verne said, "I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through"
Its amazing a talking building!!! LOL !!!
Chakra GNU/Linux - Interview with the Development Team
... It's so fucking hard to get in touch with some people. Gotta get at them on Twitter? Really?
Press pause! We're closed 4pm-5pm today to set up for tonight's FREE PLAY PARTY! Free games all night for a $5 cover! Doors open @ 5pm, 21+.
how tf u gonna fucks wit jeezy and not know bout trap or die thats like o I like jay z what's reasonable doubt or the blueprint
What did you use for Syntax Highlighting on ? Looks great!
Someone give me a s/o? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I get pulled over for walking sometimes because this is a bad neighborhood, but never with my work uniform on. Taco Bell uniform = camo
*reviewing new opportunities to start July 2012* ping me at
Starting a dating site for people who just want someone to take a walk with after a big meal.
thank you so much!
I must disagree..... you have mass amounts of patience. Of coarse you prolly use it up on me .. SorryAboutThat!
Welcome aboard the good ship ! Thanks for following. Visit us at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com and pledge to join our merry band!
Doing shots on Lincoln RD. in Miami.
basic parallax. dude, did you sleep through my class or something? #ux trend [ new signup uses similar method]
Might be going to Eddys Attic in GA to see oct 3 <21
Didn't think getting to would be so stressful. Missed closing by a minute. :-( Felt like Ferris Buller trying to get here.
Madison? Can You Please Please Please Answer My Question. What Is Your Middle Name?
Hey! Whats up?
I swear...I needa learn how to cut hair so I can save myself some money and have my own hustle once i get to college...
that new max p3 look to fie
Key to court reporting: finding non-repetitive ways to slip alleged, accused and supposed into every other sentence.
it's funny when there's a difference between pencils and Pencils.
1st person to catch thief stealing our sign on video & file police report gets $100 -Just send us copy of video & report!
Presenting on how to stop bullying through Twitter! Followers, send me your messages for my students!
#nsn3d is going to be fantastic the theater was packed so i couldnt go but im going whenever i can
Thanks to & - engaging & exciting, a great creative combo!
lmao.. i know i just got the tweet on my phone.. i feel smart (:
story of my life lately..where's the fairy that is supposed to sprinkle sleep dust on our pillows???
Aw, thanks! Glad to hear things are going well. Single-source content woot woot!
this sweet house in Brewers Hill. Plumpers and I are taking our friendship to phase two!!
OH MY GOO IS VERIFIED ON TWITTER ... <3
Just confirmed that I'll be covering the pro prospects at the next month. Excited!
thanks for the add! Look forward to getting to know you. :)
lol it happens. For years I wouldn't eat Chinese food bit then a co worker broke it down to "Dude, it's just chicken." lol
I got 5 classes on tuesdays and thursdays tho lol
Play trivia , TONIGHT, for a chance to win a pair of tickets to The knowledge fest starts at 6p.
About to make some dream catchers. As if three weren't enough.
yeah is my buddy!
What age group do u teach?
did you get my message on Facebook?
So much controversy, let's all write to mtv studios and get them to like say the honest truth or something! :D
Funny how I've been friends with you since 7th grade and you can't even say hi to me
so, I'm back, I guess, for whatever that's worth.
In Hip Hop celebrating independent women and not degrading them is selling now. I'm confused. Should I hold a door open and insult her?
Declare victory over your day!! "God has already equipped you for what He has called you to do."
I consider it my new hobby!
The human body is the most complex, fascinating machine ever made
mostly josh ^.<3
are your listeners REALLY going to stepup more than the morning listeners in the CivilWar Auction? WE hope so!
Feels great to be hammering out new features every day again. We're building some killer stuff for you API nuts!
You didn't get my text? I texted you asking if you wanted to join
No idea, but I'd sure like to find out...
Movies w/my Chick !
i'm here all week ;) hey but for reals though, Bible Study this summer?!?! you're going. i'll drag you if i have to
It's 29 degrees out here. Ridiculous for
Luke Bryan on Pandora and doing some much-needed spring cleaning starting with my shoes & closet...oh boy.
SEO/SEM is in my blood. Even if my job doesn't require it. I can't help but influence executives, developers & sells with SEO/SEM strategies
Long distant runners are constantly pushing for faster times to finish their race..Saints, push yourself to achieve the greatness of Christ!
Just shows how much I've actually used You can, indeed, "check into" books.
Surrender time get ready for thursday night... Get here early and tell your friends use my name at the guestlist!! Only
Gotta ask, whos doing your shirt printing? We've gone through about a dozen companies to find a GREAT one!
Okay good! Let us know if the problem keeps happening and we'll try to help!
going to ko, goodnight twitter <U+E056><U+E13C>
TWO campuses, TWO mission trips this August. #Raleigh is going to #DomincanRep and #Apex to #Ecuador! E-mail
Thanks so much!
preordering anything that isn't naturally scarce is insane. See: Video games.
what time and channel was it on?:o
Well, it's back to the real world tomorrow.
Listening to rate study on #PEV home charging. All rate designs are charging off-peak.
i wish you followed me!</3
RT - The #Jacksonville #Jaguars likely will be without starting cornerback Derek Cox against the pass-happy New Orleans Sain...
If your in your 30s and u still go to video game conventions somethings wrong wit that picture
So.. now we look forward to another year of Casserole or Kyle Orton?
Who's excited to see at tomorrow night ?!
"Targeted Attacks" include steps of incursion, discovery, capture, and exfiltration, according to Symantec's Tillett - scary!
My new Twitter background kicks so much ass. its the most amazing man ever *Pssst* its <3 Lmao
Happy Birthday JoJo!!!
Cleveland Rocks!
Today Show's Jenna Bush Hager is interviewing president, Diana Rauner, at #Educare of Chicago for a story on #ece. Pics on the way
How do you like Seattle compared to Atlanta? And when will you be an official Seattleite? :)
damn you wasn't supposed to laugh yo! Jp why a good looking girl like you in need of that anyway?
I'm on board.
half day of school today <3
think Rees might be done... Assaulting a Cop? Good lord
patience is a virtue but....
True that.
I love thunder storms
here's how I see it. We have two options 1) more gay discrimination talk or 2) a leader who speaks for us. That's it.
#clooneywatch downtown on reading road right now!
Watching the Justice League. The kid in me is excited
done! And Samoas ;-)
We've never tweeted to each other, but I've been following your tweets. My thoughts and prayers are with your family!
Guess I'll go get ready for bed now:/
World Daily Breaking News www.tncnews.com
sry - I missed this question: I have had multiple orders from my Tweets since I started using them
What visionaries are left at Apple? They better try to tap into that ghost.
Put my fair share of negativity out there yesterday, being positive or at least containing my negativity to myself today
Ive had the same number for 10 years... Thinkin its time for a change ;)
Happy Mother's Day !!
Cha-Ching! The music of successful people everywhere...Cha-ching! ~ Lisa Morgan
The #SourceFestival begins this Saturday!
To the man singing loudly next to me at the gym, I know you have headphones in but so do I and I can still hear you!! I don't get it... Smh
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing lil' homey.
Happy Easter Facebook friends!
: being berated comes w the job
wow :) my friends are really sweet :) a lot of y'all missed me :p <3
I think we driving to work in a hurricane smh..Heat vs Knicks
With the hoopla surrounding Army-Navy, AFA sometimes seems like an afterthought. Not as much if all the games are on CBS.
Boosie the king of the South!!!!
C'mon Michigan, get your heads outta your asses!
Dang, what we wouldn't give for a bag of those right now!
Thanks for all the birthday love my peeps! I feel very blessed joyful and excited about this next year. Big Thangs a comin! :D
#ImThatPersonWho needs A LOT of space around me when watching a sporting event.
Yes, but consider who praise is from. MT : Honestly, all the praise for Obama now makes his "evolution" look even more craven.
Keep on makin movies bro you're a pimp
thanks!! Great job on 1st place.
I wish my girlfriend loved me :(
She probably had something in her eyes lol>>>this cute girl just winked at me with both eyes at the same time. ((:
Hello! When will the nominations for this year's Imagen Awards be announced?
Trash Tweets!!
I want your job too, lady! Haha
saw you Saturday night at SUR. you looked more beautiful in person.
& want you to WIN a trip for 2 to X-Fighters Freestyle #Motorcross! FOLLOW to enter!
i'm quite a poet..
This book would be a great resource to get us through
Make Kony famous
Finally trying out
Yep. Library just bought one.
Why shouldn't he walk McCann? Sets up a force at every base...wait a minute! #CubsDisaster RT : This isn't going to end well
Now taking your twitter questions on all things sports. NBA Playoffs, Winterhawks, Olympics. You set the topic. We'll answer on air tonight.
#ThingsIDislike complainers and mean birds. Everything else is ok.
Did #adwars last night. I cost my team a point when I insisted ESPN started in 1980 (correct answer was 1979).
Fundraiser set for Aquebogue boy with pediatric cancer - Riverhead News-Review
I'm so grateful to have a best friend that's willing to help me out when my own family won't <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> beyond blessed!
I pledged Spr '96 and these tragedys always turns my stomach but how do u stop what some mistake as a right of passage?
Huge dunk by from
Thank you :)
North Carolina dusts off old 'BLACKS ONLY' water fountains ... They're on a roll?
Happy Birthday Born This Way
Form field validation for a mobile landing page that asks for email address and zip code, utilizing a regular expression and ctype_digit.
This is a question for all the #doulas and #midwives: How are do you practice good self-care? What do you do to take care of yourself?
it's really been almost unreal how well we've been playing. Expected us to be good in 2012, but we're straight dominating
haha I'm glad I entertain you! :)
Aw Thankyou...Stay Inspired my friend, Never quit! RT : Marvin Gaye is my biggest inspiration.
What kind of weather is this? Did we skip fall?
Chimera makes it two!!
David Conley (EPIC) sees grade 12 as opportunity for deepening K12 & #highered collaboration; acknowledges states need to play a role.
The penguins.. Curious beings they are. I still haven't figured out why they kidnapped me and forced me to tweet for them
RT : Truly appreciate the creative work of others, your own creativity grows stronger.
Late to the twitter show but we're coming strong!
Yankees Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap
Good Morning :)
Still cant help but wonder what might have been if Melo would have just hit the books.
When geeks see "invitation only" they think "oh that can't be me" unfortunately reminds at least some of high school days
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m. e.s.t. on www.pararocktv.com for Dark After Thoughts. You never know what I will come up with next
Hey Brian do you think if the Falcons have a losing season or they go 0-4 in Playoffs will Mike Smith get fired?
did y'all her there yet
enjoy it:-)
Whats everybody up to this nice evening?
:BOYCOTT THE ST LOUIS POST-DISPATCH-Consider it done!! Why am I doing this?
Now I'm just confused.
Those dudes r from Scarborough...Canada. Same hood as Mike Myers/John Candy/Eric McCormack/Jim Carrey. Rock on!
Be patient with us...we are still having website problems. Don't forget you can always call us for help when we're open! 570-587-3440.
Engine oil only breaks down in the presence of contaminants...remove the pollutants and keep your oil www.allgreenoilrefiner.com
Dentist time, arghhhhhhh!!! Think of wonderful things, Versace dresses, Jimmy Choo shoes, Celine bags!!! X x.
Cats in the house!
Big donkey butt.....
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Harold R. McAlindon
All this fuss about The Killing mostly just makes me want to watch the last two eps asap to see what all the sturm und drang is about
Stayed tuned for behind the scenes pics as Pink Rocks The Runway Present's Christian Siriano Spring 2012.
#filing or filling or Philly?
": NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83 " RIP, I still love that book!
They gave up 36 to a team that averaged around 20! All TALK, no substance.
My kids would kill me if I gave it away!
Cont. Would not have happened if the girl had been white. So let's not get it twisted that this child was a wayward youth or should not cont
A special shot out to our sponsors: North Milwaukee State Bank, Lounge Boutique, Attorney Tarena Franklin & Embellish Permanent Cosmetics
lol. your church called me at 5:45 am to spread the word and I had to use what I had.
you go your way...&& i'll go mine. it was fun while it lasted, but it wasn't working for me
Want #FREE prizes from and ? Text FREE to 35350 now for chance to win! Be sure to hit up Mo's tomorrow for St. Paddy's
That feeling when you do something right just because not for anything in return .
Favorite color. GO!
Last day in the studio. We'll see you soon Virginia!
Kiss Me Underneath The Mïstlétøe <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084>
So cold. Hot shower, flannel PJ's, scarf, blanket... still cold. Boo.
would you rather be waddle or silvy's boyfriend?
thanks brutha! livin for the one who gave his life for me ya dig
nothing as elaborate as Osbourne though.
Thanks for the mention and I enjoyed the opportunity very much.
Absolutely! Use Clouds any way you like. I'll make you a new jingle in about two weeks. My muse is returning...
": Just saw "The Avengers". Felt like The Hulk was a bit of a racial slur. And a little close to home." Goddamn Irish.
Check out Graham's new epic site
Just realized I have a date in an hour. Thank goodness I out it in my calendar.
I'll be up awhile
#nw Malibu's Most Wanted. it's your favorite!
Have changed my ways and am no longer the nap queen.
Ford might be inclined to launch a smaller model, which will slot it below the aforementioned MKS. based on the European Modeo
RT Next season includes tributes to Michael Jackson, Ella Fitzgerald, James Bond and other Super Heros.
Debating if I should go to class late and get breakfast, or attempt to be on time everyday for the last week.
I need to shake back , and quick
The less you give a fuck; the more fun you'll have.
where is i snowing?
Lmfao ! That made absolutely no sense at all
The amount of Penguins jerseys on campus has dropped significantly.
...something about the power of the hawthorn circle
There will always be people in your life who will tell you you can't do something. Whether you listen to them is entirely up to you.
Thank you so much! I'm glad you liked everything!
I'll have to check it out and I'm sorry to hear about sick kids RT : coupons plus that U save program are pretty good
hahaha it's okay you know now!! You're coming to the competition this weekend right?
For which game?
lucky you my friend, luck you. UTV!
#hth2012 Frank: quotes science. 50.2% of researchers report data only available on their own personal machines
This band is awesome!!! Wow. The name is Stranger Danger and we WILL have them back!!!!!
OMG, thought we were already following. Totally fixed that now! RT : How about a follow?
I hope I win. I could use a new Canon so bad. Broke my 7d this past weekend shooting a student film.
Which committee are you chairing? :)
": How are you feeling?" Much better, thank you! Xoxo
I would have been surprised if you didn't check Hahahahaha ;)
Someday, we will all be nothing but a memory, so take the time now to decide what you want to leave as your legacy.
What is Prenatal Chiropractic and How Can it Help You?
is that the SAME dog?
Just arrived in Seattle. Need a coat.
On my mind Day3: HOMEWORK HOMEWORK and more HOMEWORK.....
Whether you are a banker, a broker, an agent, or an individual, when it comes to your title and closing needs,
Don't miss it 7PM mt time.
he makin him dance out there.
I read your comment on my blog yesterday (about the bunny) and I couldn't resist. Let the cuteness war begin!
Glamo 's Guide to Walking in Heels In tonight 's brand-new episode of Glam Fairy, the gang makes over the New Jersey Titans, an all-femal
Arrived at DFW to find Lubbock flight cancelled to #nar11. I cannot win. Will try to fly later today, but it may be tomorrow.
thank you! some friends of mine just toured Australia recently and made me jealous, do I'd like to someday!
Whoa there, magazine, I already bought you. No need to pop out a million little post card babies asking me to subscribe.
didn't take long for his #Nuggets teammates to learn about the "Stone missile!" Lol
Nothin like a flat tire on your first jump to put your mind at ease! Pump it up, jump twice, and repeat.
in a town with in and out burger? I'm disappointed.
Thanks for the greetings great #followers!
Great. Taking a full course load this summer at good old KSU!lol. how are you?
please follow back?:)
MLB Trade and Debt Talks at deadline: U.S. trades Reid and McConnell to China for two mathematicians and an economist to be named later.
yes! I'm going to text you. I cant wait to hear all about your trip.
What if I can't forget you? Ill burn your name into my throat ill be the fire that looks at you What's so good about picking up the pieces?
I'm late to the party in posting that dog beater (Patrick Land) will now be sentenced on 11/18.
....is really trying to get the hang of twitter! I said I didn't want ppl 2 follow me on twitter....I always say FOLLOW ME 2 THE SHOP!
That's a lot of Kuchar kids.
19 more followers til 200, come on guys help us out!
I love it! Thank you for the chuckle!!
- Aww! ((HUGS)) Hope it goes better for you.
Absolutely perfect day for #Bogs in #Chicago!
cant tell
I'm done fucking with people about prom and hotel and riding to king island shit I'll pay these hotel and kick with my self
i agree that Tre uses Jac, don't like it
Yeah it looked pretty familiar. Used to live a block from there. Btw, thanks for all the knowledge you drop in here! Much appreciated
You are alive!
Where the f*** was Sheiße?
School starts in 6 long days- need to get back to work before I forget how to paint!
thanks for the follow! I'm following back! I like your apparel do u have somewhere I can view more?
We took shots of tequila last night for Cinco de Mayo except one person mistakenly took a shot of salt. She was foaming salt at the mouth.
CJ Watson's end game coach is Marion Barber.
. You can twist the cheap ones... in a sharpener! I'm an educator...how much do you think I make? Ha ha...
Sum ppl dnt know da real meaning of it
Thanks 90's on 9 for playing Ace of Base. I'm now 16 driving around C-bus w/ &
Are you saying Firefox 4 is buggy or 5 ??? I upgraded as soon as my addons became compatible
Hilarious thought: Pens sign JJ and retire his number...good heavens...what will become of the Pens next season haha
Gr8 weekend! RT : Thanks, Masters of Wine.
Angle: UT not interested in moving unless Big 12 breaks up. If so, Pac 10 = attractive destination for both UT and A&M.
Dumpling Wars teams on stage now for the reckoning. Who will win?
Pens defenseman just slashed jagr's stick in half......uhh no call again?
integration with very soon! //cc
no, drought is almost over. We should have beer by the beginning of May, if not before
Farewell, Apple. Hello Linux Mint!
Troyzan has gone Charlie Sheen #survivor I say that with much love and respect to the warlock
yes, but a pretty funny statement for someone to make that is in a leadership position
We need a new renaissance
That's a real possibility!
Remaining true to the innovative spirit that drives the craft beer industry, Ambicon Beer will soon open their artisanal brewpub in India. …
I promise that together, we can keep out of the Perfect Club.
Inbox zero achieved (again). At least until those 200 people reply.
thank you for following me! I look forward to learning & sharing!
I've got these long ,dancers legs...
That Carmelo "fat-skinny body" observation was spot-on.
thanks for your support of #AIDSWalk12!
The name..Sad one of our namesakes passed recently..Earl Sgruggs U Will Be Missed..Flatt & Scruggs..Flattened Squirrels.4EVER
Sweet, my bro got me a #ucwhiteout shirt from their bball game #BEARCATNATION! :)
. Lawrence? Lawrence, Kansas? Query from Berlin... Germany, that one.
Yes, definitely!
Thanks! We are excited too.
Communism is like one big phone company.
Don Marchand gave me a box of Cheez-Its today.... They're gone. Most addictive substance..EVER!
LOL. I didn't know his name was Bert.
i say fuck these fake ass bitch
nope. just had the munchies, apparently.
Thanks Jim!
Thanks to Carnival of Cleavage, Circus Della Morte, and everyone at the Attic in OKC. We had a blast last Saturday night!
Do you know any Hollywood celebrities that answer any of their fan mail? Do any of them talk, via any methods, with any of their fans?
Long day in the studio... Still have a ways to go...
cant wait till school ends!! Me and are gonna have a good time
I think I like instagram more than twitter. #simplicity <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Some girls ask guys to open jars for them; asks me to open Trader Joe's candy packaging for him.
lol I hope my teachers didn't expect me to actually do my homework...
well...my 9900 went out on me....getting replaced.
not in the mood for no disappointment and no run around.. tired of that shit
Interesting. If you are planning to cover this for the Reader, consider talking to marketing expert
it goes by crazy fast !!!
Just a hop skip and a jump away!
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more. - Tony Robbins
How long does it have to go on? This punishment? Haven't I done time enough,haven't I served my term? can't I apply for a pardon?_T Williams
#SweetDreams THIS FRIDAY @ #INFERNO!!!! PRE SALE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!! #PrettyGirls ARE
I take it this is in "your back yard", or close??
lol, its not my needs, it's my clients needs!
Wow! I haven't heard that song in forever.
you and are so cute together!!! <3333 follow? :)
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 2
That "Michael Kidd-Gillcrest" guy (sounds like a real sleeper) can't beat out John Henson!?!?
"It's not about who judges u by ur past. It's about who loves u for who u were,who u are,& what u'll become.
Some Karmalicity folks
sweet can't get on my
I should've known...
For about an hour or two in the morning, I hate my life. The rest of it is pretty fuckin' awesome.
RT : helped produce an AMAZING event yesterday! Colortone was top-notch! I highly recommend!
i sent u a DM !! lol
no doubt thx
didn't get the txt. Should I send my number again?
Thank u!! Support YW staff & participants! Staff must get their paychecks & participants- afterschool & elder care!!!
no way! Look who caved :).
Today was the last day of being around Directionators all freaking day! Well until school starts again, that is....
Outdoor seating is now open ! Come enjoy the sites of the beautiful West Loop neighborhood.
Metabolic testing and customized supplements are no longer luxuries for the rich. They are a necessity for anyone who wants to stay healthy.
animation world premiere just shown at #TEDxUSC visit USC.edu/creativity to watch
Odd future tonight.
Good morning, #Seattle! We're one day closer to bringing u the #bestdeals that are #local ! Don't be scared, #pricemobster WILL protect you.
We need a regimen of prayer & fasting. This is the area in which you should be religious (a set pattern of doing)
you said he reminded u of
Maybe all the girls in Hemet. Gotta admit the guy has helped pull off some pretty crazy last second victories.
You can do it! That you are conscious enough to type is a good sign. We are expecting #2 in May -- occasionally doubting my sanity.
I'll pick you guys up from the DMV don't worry.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Y ask Y
nope no crazy party this year just me... :) thank so much for your help last year for
#RVA! Information about next year's festival is coming soon!
Hope my younger cousins dont end up like my older cousins
my sister was giving me a bunch of crap because she was doing better with twitter than i could. lol
Retweeting tweets that have my name in it so I look popular.
guys love Halloween. its when cute girls dress up as a slutty [insert random vocation here]
light & space didn't disappoint. Last piece I saw in the 2 venues was Irwin window apertures. WOW. Indelible art experience.
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 5
Limited run - 7 episodes. Fingers crossed for it surviving for next season, but I'm not optimistic. It's actually legit.
days later developed ringworm on their head which was burning and enflamed. They called the day Pentecost. DIRTY JEWS!
know of anyplace I can get some? Sounds intriguing
Early morning
#dailyfeedback Songs w. a Latin influence on Quatro de Mayo (ha ha) - Kirsty MacColl
Bout to take the drug test for Walmart
i <3 u your my role model
If you were looking for beer tweets from me today, sorry bout that. I'm in action on my news Twitter instead for today's election:
Whoah! I'm sorry you have to go through that. Q4
Do you agree a rushed investigation makes a weaker case and enhances chance of acquittal. Hasty helps shooter's lawyers.
hey, check us out. we're new to vegas and we're going to start playing here soon. Very legit music.
so you opened it, right?
I LOVE YOU(:
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English - We Speak It. History - They're dead get over it. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish - We Have Dora.
I laughed the most at the guy in Starbucks!! Lol
oh yes im actually in this shyte!!! i close da whole show!!! hell yeah!!! im mortified, lol
Oh #PrettyLittleLiars i have missed u ! (:
Don't think so.
The Strong is grateful to Jesse's Toy Box for its contribution of train tracks and accessories in support of the U.S. of Play train display.
which is impressive, but many 100 win tms have lost in the playoffs. Folks are talking like they're head/shoulders abv lg
We want to give our guests every possible opportunity to succeed.
Hi Honey I love you so much You are the best and most beautiful wife in the world I can't wait until our Pregnant in Heels
ya it was raw me n my boi gotta change up a few things
Put to shame in the weight room today.
It looks incredible thank you for all you did!! I'll try to have fun just so this doesn't go to waste!! :)
Just sitting here writing some stuff for work and wishing I could get more creative. It's been a long day. Guess I'll try it again tomorrow.
Having a meeting for the last hour of the day >>>>
No individual in-house SEO person can out perform an SEO company. Specially one that has bast link exchange networks. Having both in the key
Word of the day: tartle. To hesitate in recognizing a person or thing. Now you have a word for that time when someone who obviously kn...
Loving my SDSU and tonight!!
yes! call! I am pretty free after WORDSTOCK is over
How about the Bowl!?
R.K. Narayan any day!
RT : social media is an open door to educate and empower others
If you are worth 10+Billion dollars - HIRE A DRIVER!
Five coming your way in the next hour. :)
Watching Brad Paisley play on Invitation Only. Does he ever play a non-paisley guitar?
I am still in shock that we got the Flyers in the first round. Gunna be some big can't miss games.
Hi, Nancy! Nice to meet you! BTW my handle means "lib(rary)hedgehog" in Russian
sex panther?
Pacman looking real good remind Rick to look out for the punch you do not see coming those are the one that hurt most left hook ouch !
pretty nice, huh?
Then those poor 'busts' can go make at least $80k-100k playing in Europe. Rough life.
I know I'm late on this but thank you for the #FF!!! :-D
slept like 2 hours last night..not in the mood for school :/
I'm upset as a Knicks fan that we lost but not due to effort. Hope to see you in South Beach Heat fans.
A kind of day.
:) Glad we're not the only ones!
if anyone is interested in getting there music in front of 1100 music business shakers and movers at Midem this year message me.
and the red lip stick I hope??
I agree. Intelligent, tragic, and souIful. Felt like he lived every single word. Would love 2 have had a chance 2 interview him
I don't. I was just giving him and his team advice ;)
Jill Scott showing them how its done.
Aww man! Kay, I want the kids and the house (aka the refrigerator box)
Hermann Hesse the Author Or?
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE i cannot explain to you how amazing you are!!! will you pleease call me restricted??
So, at best this Shyam Das getting fired thing is really bad PR, at worst it's incredibly nefarious.
Idk how having thick ass thighs and a big hips became everyones dream; If I see anything getting bigger i hit the treadmill quick & swift!.
I say both those words all day.
I am in the mood to hit someone with a water balloon. Refresh my memory - when does this Smingus Dingus thing happen again?
Matt Cain gets a CG 1-hitter and is trending worldwide on twitter. w00t #SFGiants I'm not fazed by our slow start at all!
Brian Brohm, Vic Anderson, and Trent guy all signed contracts with CFL team Montreal Alouettes. Looks like I have a new favorite CFL team
Profit spite may figure in somewhere. It's common enough.
do you know what is being built on 135 west near the gas station?
Meet my dedication, inspiration. It may be smothering you but you know it's the truth.
Also, curvy brackets are way prettier than square brackets. It says so in ISAAR-CPF.
Thanks for the follow
negatory. I am the yellow ranger because I was born first and you have never seen the original power ranger show!!!
Thank you!
Lacedfacts family we will pick a d1 team every week and give you facts on them throughout the week..athletes and fans of that team follow up
*Godz Messenger May 5th at Citadel of Hop Evangelist Church of God in Christ 1517 Ralph David Abernathy Blvd, Atlanta, GA 30310
WA's recent support of gay marriage rights will lead to $88M over 3 yrs in additional spending, mostly from increased tourism.
Merry New Year!!!!
Good discussion on #studentvoice. Thanks all.
Is the Fire coach listening to his Ipod during the game?
#ICantStandPeople that always complain about how they look -_-
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I'm so tired lolz
In your face!
WICKED! STEVE SMOOTH IS FOLLOWING ME!
awe lol u know I love u chine !
oh, that's cool! Did she go to just to see things?
New on the EAT Menu {Sardines A La Plancha, Shaved Fennel, Citrus, Frisee, Fermented Black Garlic, Sevillano Olive, Meyer Lemon Pudding}
Mtg w/ Tijuana Mayor Bustamante to discuss bi-national cooperation in managing, preserving & protecting natural resources along the border
I have a planet P on my face.
He who laughs last, laughs longest.
Steak n' Eggs Fried Rice...share the love! Marinated tri tip, ginger soy fried rice, over easy egg...I love my menu! Order now!
Tunnel vision all i see is money
If & when I get "verified" on #Twitter..I can tell my mom I finally made it.lol
Getting started at #aimstech12. What fun!
Hustle class on now with Larry. Tango and cha cha lesson next then its party time! See ya!
TWO MORE WEEKS
Good night guys! We got thru #Monday!Tomorrow should be even easier specially since we have #BTTR! See u there at NE 127 st & US1 5:30-10pm!
Love your mix! The part II will be next month ;)
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Pose For A Picture Your Not Suppose To Be In..! :)
well, my gf left. her gpa JUST died :( and now i feel bad...
is looks like it
you still want/need William's number?
No, sorry. Gaming as verb not activity. "Gaming the system"
Looking for a federal career? Find it on the list of 150 Best Federal Jobs bit.ly/3ih0QG
Prod-dang that girl is sexy Prince-do you wear shades cuz your blind because obviously she is sexier! *points to tori*
Verdasco survives Rochus scare Fernando Verdasco battled back from one set down against Olivier Rochus to reach the second round of the M
YES DALLAS WON!!!!
I'm a new follower also a subscriber to your youtube channel which I sent you a message today. I appreciate your time n thoughts
what?!? i swear i was following!!! maybe cos you were on my "posse" list. *shrugs* now following
In a thousand years, archeologist will find tanning beds and think that we fried people as a punishment .
I marched in the Vetrens day Parade
NP :) Just staying in to get some hw done!!
GARAGE SALE! Teays valley meadows (greystone lane) I made the sign so you have to come :D
Follow through, don't cheat yourself.
haha thank you!
#30waystomakeagirlsmile tell her how pretty she is.
I need to work on being more optimistic. Every struggle brings newfound strength.
Put french onion dip in front of me and I could probably down a whole bag of chips
So today was a good day. I'm sleepy && hungry now!! =) Hmm What to eat!?
late response, but as of now our next show won't be till December sadly. Were working on something for November.
Okay and Lucas is so cool because he wears his sexy shades indoors. What. A. Boss.
ill say by 8.
it's sexy when a girl takes charge & admits she wants sex .
haha cool!! IM GONNA MEET HIM TOO!!!
Can someone send me a good suggestion for a new display picture
Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else.
Without PASSION life is nothing. (:
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time !!!!!
People from before come back with so many memories.
i will always love you.
Inspiring USD NP Gov. Conf! Love this: board development is indispensable part of individual development. We grow together.
FUCK I DIDNT GET MY MOM A MOTHERS DAY GIFT IM SUCH A BAD DAUGHTER</3
“: Universe to Ant Hill Earth - humanity, get a clue. There is something vastly bigger than ... you.
Did I miss it or was the Beasties' induction cut from the R&R Hall of Fame Ceremony on HBO?
Phoenix, Arizona today for the 2012 Women's NCAA Division II Super Regional Golf Championship
And the essence of what made today's country music really "country" is probably more the white side too. but yeah.
Thanks for the RT !
“: They said I deserve the best. But if the best isn't you. I don't want it.” <U+2764>
we love your life Steve
Call me mrs.flintstone i can make ur bedrock.
my sister loves it in Raleigh.. no clue why
Like what?
If i were a super villain id want to be the pussy toaster
how are you and the kids doing? Are you enjoying this nice weather? I helped my son buy a truck yesterday, he was very happy.
Fuck Officer friendly, kids today need "Lawyer Friendly." And Lawyer Friendly's first words of advice. "Keep your mouth shut, kid."
I need a second to catch my breath. Do you want me, or do you want me dead?
Looking forward to the filmore tomorrow night :)
Good Morning!
damn even the queen has a Facebook
best buy...the latest sex scandal, sex makes news. how about music,poetry,prose even art. a person's 15mins of fame should not be in cuffs
Kitchen, bedroom, office, living room all cleaned. Laundry room and bathrooms still to go.
i want some good eloise breezy beautiful cover girl back up tea grandma use to make
that just hurts the eyes
shouldn't there be something called "play ethic"?
Awesome Cameron quote: "You have to imagine the possible before you can go and do it." Think he's got an EC flag? :-)
You can't share your dreams with everybody, cause when you do some people will try to steal them them.
A snob yet over attentive.
Woohoo! Enjoy! RT : Wowza Y'all are super fast! Thanks my giftcard arrived today!!
I love you Lucy girl.
In the words of others. U don't show interest in the Turkish fans Here everyone is dying for you But u don't care Not fair
long story... It's partly down to doing a whole lot of
The backlog of unread/must read books has expanded from the shelf onto my kindle. How to keep pace?
Wow. I do his dishes, and instead of saying thanks, he complains about how I put them in the cupboard upside down and not rightside up. Wtf!
#VEVOnewfront "Digital is only place where you can create an immersive experience."
If someone insults Sally Fields in front of me, I automatically hate them... Because she reminds me of my mom.
are you taking that this summer?
this fall a must see Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy workout session YouTube drfunnk1 and nycbulldogs to get a sample
In the past month and a half I've been invited to four baby showers and three weddings. Must be the warm weather.
Happy Mothers Day too all!
NBA: Daily Dime After the Bulls routed the Hawks without the reigning MVP, what would Chicago's chances be without Derrick Rose?
Good, thank you:)
Could You Take Away Half A Second Of Your Life To Hit The Follow Button For Me Pleeasse .?(:<U+2665>
WooHoo - figgered out how to get email attachments to google docs!!
i agree.
At Wimbledon, yes. The #AusOpen uses the college rules. Both players get two serves the first 3 Ots and the one serve after.
Really enjoyed the Vin Rouge from North Leaf Winery (Milton, WI) tonight.
the article on pursuit?
Is our "gateway" role on the wane? Our perceived "buyer" role on the rise? If so, these can be opportunities
Cody has a butt?
I heard the tix were like 300+ or something, so I'll be waiting too lol. We should all go together when she does come!!
Most wouldn't....
#FAUXNEWS contributor!? Family dad must be rolling over...
Relationship troubles? Or Single and looking? Follow and for amazing tweets that can help you out! RT
shortly after 8p in Soho!!
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic ... Check out Billboard Song Contest Finalist "TROUBLE IN PANTS" by Beka & the Gin Hall Hustlers
Weird fact: I work best when #LawandOrderSVU is playing in the background.
Alright!...I know everybody is wondering about Marcos! ..he's gonna be okay he's alive and healthy resting at the hospital.
have u tried stl pizza? Any favs?
rain on my face
Now hiring Inbound & Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors, & Trainers. www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
I love Blake but that deal puts us further in the hole
Watching "Missing" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#hhlib in poll of attendees, over past 6 months 2/3 have had a patron/user ask about ebooks because they've just acquired an ereader device
Was i the only one who got a survey on 95th
Watchin the Movie I Think I'm In Love Again :* Ilu Justin And Keep It Up <3
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Purple Bubba!
yeah if they just kept up with news they would know UK and UF dropped him, not the other way around.
Watching home videos from like two years ago. Wow, me and were hilarious! Right Shane? (;
Preach my brother!
good and u
RT : As always, we have drink specials too $1 pints, $2 Pie shots, $4 Pie Bombs, and something new- Pudding Shots.
Can't wait until my auntee wedding on the 26 of May so proud of her
Biblical Living homework done now 3 more classes to go
My life is Doctor Who, The Office, Buffy, ColdStone, writing essays, and Say Anything. That makes me happy and sad at the same time.
please followw back(:
ok that will be worth $500. Fair?
no snow here, i feel left out
Thanks for the RT!
would love to, but will be in either Amsterdam or Santa Clara that week
"Daisy, do me a favor and stop listening to that Miss Shore." Woe is me *_*
#BuzzWilliams with some 'good' problems down the line on how & when to play Davante G. when he comes back - need 2 keep uptempo vibe going!
interesting! i was like: is someone being mean about fat models??? i LOVE fat models.
Not to Late To Reg. For "Bailando con Verizon" Event! Win the trip to Chicago to Compete for $2000. 402.706.6779
i want one too!
!|__|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
im that nigga, ya fuckn right.
Two people told me my arms look big and a third that I look like Bradley Cooper with my sunglasses...not mad at today.
Heading back from one great ministry trip! :-)
#Trayvon was killed because he was suspicious in a hoodie I say watch out for men in suites #Wallstreet robbed #America blind in suits
I burnt my bacon.
I want to own a bar called Eleanor Rigby's just so I can have my ad campaign say "Where all the lonely people belong".
Thank you CPK for having a great mobile online ordering system! Easy to navigate my way to tasty salads
Up to no good today. Getting ready for some serious pranking of family and friends.
Which game?
Thanks, Laura. I'm going to try...had to put my 13 1/2 year old dog down on Tuesday. Grief stricken. xox
SMFH ! This why i trust NO one !
Chocolate Girls Be Pretty : )
I guess I'll go by and look tomorrow! /:
you're gonna be barney's twin! Lol.
yes! and we can drunkenly dance to the biebs all night. can't wait
football time :D
Who doesn't love a good chair dance?
Great day started with Ari killing it as my guest speaker and then dinner at Industri and Cast of Killers open mic at
A man in love is like a clipped coupon - it's time to cash in.
// Hey Tony! Is there a reason most #nfl #stadiums don't support wifi like #Airports? Seems like a cheap addition w/ high upside.
Let's car pool ... I'm in coconut creek. I'll swing by of the Sawgrass Expressway!
We look forward to figuring out the production!
Hi! I'm back to FB & tweets after a busy week ending in 43 auditions at once! :-} Belated Happy Valentine's Day and Gun Hei Fat Choi!
The game is underway at the #FreshCoastClassic with (title defenders) hitting the court against St. Paul's College
that's badass!!!! I so need to research this.
= best! Cant wait to hear abt trip from U. RT : know that was relentless for 2 more days re
It is one game OKC. You almost lost at home and y'all want revenge? Mavs are gonna win this series
I'll probably tweet lyrics for the rest of class
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
just accept God's blessing! It's yours and no one can take it! I'm so proud and happy for you!!
All day Bachlorette Party! Let the chaos begin!
Wether blue ivy looks like Beyonce and Jay-z or not, she will always be theirs And enjoy their hard work!
Watching Cubs vs Cards game on TV. Nothing worse than listening to Hrbosky and McLaughlin during broadcast
Reading "Game Design Workshop" by Tracy Fullerton Good stuff. Thanks for the recommendation
—outstanding investigative report—#police leave many questions unanswered and look foolish—great story I-Team!
Atrophied, a love machine becomes something else entirely.
its almost christmas :O
OUCH!! So many inappropriate jokes there...
RT : No tix to ? Fret not -- join us & watch live stream from Tequila Bar @ 7pm
yeah! It's not just bad pitchers!
Learning from the Utah Youth Councils! They have over 60 Youth Councils state wide! Go Utah!
Having a good morning pray to god it stays this way without all the drama<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
I'm still here el guapo!
Just rode the elevator with Stan Lee. Marvel Gentleman.
And we weep
#iLoveMyMomBecause she will always be there for me, she is the best mom ever, she is everything and anything I can ask for, I love her
#Random I would just like to give a shout out to my best friend, the other half of for EVERYTHING that you do, and ALL that you are!
Attempting to dive into articles on institutional repositories. Instead, I'm tweeting about it.
Graduation is supposed to be one of the happiest times of my life by lately ppl make it the worst thing ever
Can we talk on the phone for a few minutes? I can be reached at 503-780-4338. Sincerely Frank Odia
Am I alone in remembering how NC struggled last year before they inserted Marshall into their line-up. Roy Williams is being reminded
lol. That letter gets more & more funny every time I read it. cc
Allergies: punk ass. Eyeballs need to be scratched. Must stop sneezing!!
Almost bit by a tick!
happy thanksgiving!!<33
I miss u like everday. Wanna be with you but ur away.
I dont want to delete my twitter anymore D: but I have to . Grr
Look at The crowd lol
Is your bracket still going strong??
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> shut up girl it was a typo i fixed it.
cool, I'm going to the rocky mountain national park close to Estes park in July. I didn't know about sand dunes!
knows that light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright until they speak
What in your opinion is the best way to teach music, individually or as a group?
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
I just checked in at Hinton, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
Taking Authority over the Darkness...
I wish I was in Chapel Hill so I could comfort myself with a #TimeOut chicken biscuit. I've got the Tarheel blues. keeps reminding me
Thanks for the TWEET!
do you want to be able to manage and edit those custom fields via a UI or can you code it?
glad you enjoyed! your concept of aspirational subjectivity also spoke to aspirational sexuality in grindr.
Ask A Lib patron survey says I can't read. I'd respond, but I haveng liturughcee prahblems.
Teenage republican<<<<
Even Kelly and her little cohost today are talking about Mariano. I still haven't accepted it.
Off and on my way to Amy's scrub shopping baby..
Louis goes "Theres 8 of them and 7 of us. It ain't gonna work out!" I love this kid
Great quote, and it is very true!
#first48 PEOPLE KILL FOR NO REASON... RIDICULOUS... FIND SOMETHING BETTER TO DO THAN SIT AROUND THINKING OF HOW TO ROB PEOPLE.. JUST SAD ;-{
get Lou Piniella on Twitter. Want to hear about his days with Munson and Murcer.
Well I was hungry! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Pardon me, Muhammad
I don't wanna change my icon :c
“: You old glitter speaker bag ass nigga”
hopefully we can meet that would be great!(:
your bed hugs you back? Where might one pick up one such bed?
I wouldn't go that far ha. If they played like they do in the playoffs all season long then you would have an argument
track meet in the mornin
What is the most unique location from which you've either delivered or heard a sales pitch?
Starbuckss for breakfast
Guilty : <U+200E>90% people at some point in their life have tried to close the fridge slowly to see when the light goes out.
Yikes. RT : We profiled today on SME thanks to their Twitter customer service fiasco. Go read their updated Twitter bio
Very proud of myself! Summer session has only been opened since Monday and I have submitted my first three assignments.
no idea, I'm searching Netflix haha. any suggestions?
Rap Icon Heavy D Dead At 44. RIP. "Now that we found love what are we gonna do with it?"
RT : Been informed the NCAA's early-entry deadline has indeed been moved up to April 10th. Much earlier than ...
Go #Badgers! Watch #RoseBowl at #Milwaukee's best new Sports Pub, Brass Monkey 2 700 E Layton. Lots of TVs, $1 off Apps & Awesome Specials!
I just fell asleep on my desk listening to the skyrim soundtrack. Such a soothing listen.
We've figured it's going to take about 30 hours of travel to get back to Nashville from Nairobi O_0
Conservatives: please stop comparing the federal budget to personal finance. These aren't analogous concepts. Thank you.
Going to Chick Fil A for breakfast will always trump first hour.
Rangers deserve to lose
Thank you so much!
''OMG! What a cute dog!!'' *Gets Closer* *BARK BARK BARK BARK* ''Fuck you too then'' -___-
My father's hospitality is a bit out of control. Especially since he believes that it's expected that I will be the one to suffer from it.
Dr. Lee is going to VEW tomorrow, watch for live tweets
intense brodown with was sexy and exciting OF COURSE
so you're not counting Romney as significant or a leader? lol, i kid kid...
I'm looking for writers for Daily BR!NK. If you like conducting interviews with fascinating people, email me at
I'll be waiting for you
Wishing two of our members a very special and joyous birthday, Happy Birthday josephjohns and tcollins from all of us here at Myfreegenealog
In a church in #Italy, instead of a music stand, there was a microphone for me "to communicate with the organist during the concert"
Ha! That song really confused me when I was little.
of course :)
-- I don't think that really matters with 7th-rounders ...
Huge thank you to and , & all participants
'These hockey playoffs sure are awesome,' said the two people in America watching them.
Swim for the music that saves you
Enjoying a few three day weekends before the four week internship in Georgia begins! (Then another one in Jax!)
A wish that every day for u'll be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart
A cop asked me today, calmly .... "hey, do u have a gun on you?" If I did or didn't I wouldn't admit to it unless compelled to
new york
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're
Hey, I Just Met You, And This Is Crazy, But I Kinda Stalk You, So Call Me, Maybe? Haha(:
He sure did! RT Did you work on it??
Sorry guys for the lack of tweets, we're back but don't call it a comeback!
I think that 27 incher is my next baby, too. Amazing value.
Me and gaga had an interesting talk about basketball the other day lol
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. -Thomas Dunn English
Thank you to for hosting a wonderful birthday bash last night.
Thanks for the S/O really appreciate it!
wow que calor! I will melt with that heat LOL
High School. Boys. Bieber. Life. damn it. asdfghjkl;
Once you get life insurance, your chances of being murdered go up.
yayayay. even if it ends up being christmas, we can go to disneyland and it'll be all pretty
I'm starving..
Varmus: true OA is no delay, and without author having to relinquish copyright
": "What would life be like if we had no courage to attempt anything." Vincent van Gogh" if we fail try again
Larry Bierke, Mount Horeb administrator who faced termination this summer, will resign next month to become the Platteville city manager.
that is
Did you see last night's #Castle? What did you think? How many Firefly references did you spot?
omg why did you tweet this
What hospital waiting room doesn't have magazines? What am I supposed to read?
awww ): Dude I love h! I remember listening to him with my mom everyday in like 5th grade! Haha
hey you!! How are you doing?
Trip to McDonalds >>>>
NCES data is for all campuses & is regardless of course delivery method. U might wish different, but it's accurate.
Going to be catwoman in a liquid tight catsuit! Party is on my street, live band, bonfire, strobe lights, the works! Excited!
about #TONS? Awesome. We had a great turnout w/ coyote & silver dancers. 1 lucky fan will win 1st round playoff tickets
Why am i still up
Mobility is a connected geographic context, not a device or a technology.
i just watched this herron out back snatch a fish out of the lake and eat it whole.... BRUTAL!
I have a new project and want to talk to people in LA area who changed their life in a big way @ 47 yrs or older. me *Please RT*
I need to watch that. I've been meaning to for years. :)
it's the little things in life that matter the most and leave the greatest impact!
A headshot will only get you into the room. After that... you're selling yourself and your talent.
ah. NOW THURSDAY?! crazzzyyyyyy!
yeah, I know. You can text me if you want. I'm about to go to work lol
yes it's peters line haha
I miss Cali :/ and all it's glory but July is when I am coming home for s couple weeks!
Also- NYT buried the story on PAGE 17!
wait was I supposed to add #coyoteruns #crispinrocks not sure how this works, but I had a blast at the run!
#Rain in San Diego. #heaven!!
offline. be on later maybe(:
Going to the Chicago premiere of "God Bless America" at tonight. I cut a slit in my dress pants to show leg like Angelina.
the wwe good guys will rise again.... :-)
I'm like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch<3
Is that what you call it? It's not rampant but it happens more than I'd like. W/artists promoting themselves. Can I stop it?
Amy Winehouse music is really great for drinking to.
These people too live o. The greyhond ..sakina crazy.
so, I want to meet you and I don't know how to make it happen.
Today's the day, April 14. When I became an ICONiac <U+2665>. Happy One Year To ALL ICONiacz ! We've gone thru so much,and we're still family. <U+263A>
The kid stampede was a success...now where r my kids.
idk ahaha where you guys going to sleep at ?
agreed! where r u playing? golf is becoming very slow lately. r more new ppl picking it up (good thing). need to make it faster!
Don't forget TURN BACK YOUR CLOCKS TONIGHT 1 HOUR!
I vote we pay for his next transplant......a conscience.
I guess you're the only one who does hehe that's so cute! ^^ <U+2665>
such a bad girl :D
Good! Working hardRT : how have you been...
Still snowing...
your hair is beautiful
I was born this way.
so gambino right now
Strike that, #teaching math again. Love this HS & the kids. Lots of teachers #protesting in
inspired me to go gluten- and dairy free! I've already lost 8 pounds! And I just feel so much healthier! Loving this!(:
Thanks for the share
Chad Durbin just made an appearance without giving up a run.
Ian is mesmorizing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“: OH EM EFFING GEE!! just watched last nights Scandal!!!” hate it's ending next week
"The money don't sleep, so Weezy can't rest." Poor guy. That's why he needs so much purple drank.
that's the true challenge!
K I MISS U
nigga watch it
: good night ladies
": kanye west signs q-tip to his g.o.o.d music label... "<---Thats a good look!
managed to get out of #Seattle before the #snowpocalypse. See what happens when #MLA12 is over? City is desolated.
*Singing*<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> U r good....yes U r yes U r yes U r....so good so good...U r good ALL the time ALL the time U r good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Feel like absolute <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> cus of
just like in the #epl league?
lol yeah I really should
Mike Daniels fr how far back do we go with making data available? It will depend on funding
Bradley Cooper...also being interviewed backstage. Do they have a special holding tank backstage for the cast of the Hangover?
Strangely enough my freedom looks like a trombone. : )
And I totally forgot its cinco de mayo tmrw. Which makes sense why everyone wants to party lol
Its def time for new school for my #autistic 9yo boy, school should not threaten me with cops
Damn straight!
ye ik it sounds weird and creepy
"The ultimate inspiration is the deadline" -Nolan Bushnell, via
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (e64ac)
What a Joke. mentions #RonPaul in the last 5 mins of his show & just says he was "funny"
Sorry to see #gavindegraw and #karinasmirnoff leave today. What a truly nice guy he is!
I'm so excited to go home, forget everything, & cook! (What is wrong w/ me?) I'm making peanut mango stir fry & my mouth's already watering!
tell you what! When I get back from Montana. I will make plans to come see your cute face!
Well you might have a few friends but they're just as bad as you haha
The Market in Snider Plaza, Gypsy Wagon on Henderson and Sample House in Shops of Highland Park...Merry Xmas!
que rico!
goat brains?! I would only eat them prepped by these awesome chefs!!
B2B marketing requires insight into a company’s decision makers, purchase process and org dynamics before developing a marketing message.
did Miller High Life a couple years ago and it was disgusting
the other ones who opened their mouth
great, great photo!
YES!! The smell of coffee is a BIG Fave!
Hi tweeps hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful, windy Saturday.
I went to 2 grocery stores 2day- only found 1 carton unsweetened coconut milk- & NO idea when they will get more in?! [silent scream -NOO!!]
At court..sleepy head :(
You know the F train has issues when at the station it has a sign that reads "we have normal service today".
#Bills draft unhappy Gilmore
Life is silly if you see like me, so please don't take life so seriously
I'd like to order some of what looks to be rain clouds in the distance. It's too hot and too dry in ATX.
ny is not going nowhere
Each Groves residence is designed to meet accessibility requirements to ensure residents receive care in as dignified a way possible.
Such a lost cause
Lol, aww, thank u! ;) Thank God he's my Chef Emeril & great menu reader ha! RT “: ...poor coach lol”<<be nice! :p
BEN!!! And I think you guys should make him Australian all of a sudden! Why waste a sexy accent LOL
it's cool, happens to all of us. you missed out an awesome bar fight between two chicks though!
please follow back?? :]]*
so it looks like we're *all* super guilty :( In the meantime, Economic importance of coffee and tea Coffee and tea.
JCCC rocks! Clear signage, friendly people, nice space, even coffee and wifi! #sidlit is off to a good start!
Don't miss our own at Beat Kitchen on Saturday. He's playing his own show w/ some cool guests & we need you all to sing along.
Reread 2nd tweet of night. :D
The Afternoon FiX is taking over your radio waves! Tune in and get more infor at the website, keyword "Afternoon" -MC Nutt
If you don't have a Delightfully Different card yet, you're missing out on free stuff!
You do that with links though, right?
Ya he filmed 4 Travis Porter. Derek said there was someone else, but I cant remember. But I got a new director.
#3WordsOfAdvice follow me Please
hey buddy and KEEP WELL and thx 4 being an angel 2 help others! i'll check the office thx man, & sadly not going to make that G:(
Thank you- We're excited about the expanded capabilities and increased interaction with our readers! Enjoy :)
Heart is broken :( </3
You just killed in Pacific Standard Time
Don't Panic.
Which do you check first in the morning: email, Twitter, Facebook, or something else?
I always thought they should add image and link fields that don't count against the 140 character limit.
my nigga eating good
Well+Being: Rock the Creek 5K, Couples Yoga, DC Walk for Animals: Fit Fun
thx for follow, we are in the same hood!
Love the blog today. The uterus is priceless!
Steve Forbert and Sarah Borges at TCAN on 2/4. www.natickarts.org. Grizzled veteran meets spunky young rocker. Should be a blast.
yeah, when I think dubstep, I don't really think of Diplo, but there's enough good tracks to make it worth $4 IMO
gonna try and go too sleep..... Night Night:))
Anybody have any experience with Jerry Artarama framing? I have a ton of stuff to frame.
Back to the daily grind. Dreaming of the weekend already.
Be thankful for what you have because it could all be taken away tomorrow ..
About to buy a Austin Mahone bracelet(:
when is the Tom Baker years episode by episode book due out? I have read the first three and I'm looking forward to the next one
the comment my step dad made yesterday trying to be all funny<<
Looks like they choose not to cover the Kodak sign with a dirty sheet.
Get a little naughty in your music female artists if you like. But wild & nasty,save it for your man. Lady in the streets, you know the rest
haha! dual language show. Got to get ourselves listened all over the world!
There are some REALLY under estimated musicians, and it's really sad. People with no talent are more noticed than people that are amazing.
Subsidy for food security will be fully provided : Pranab
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! I will be celebrating at lunch time, most likely pepper jack for me, cheddar for baby.
Sorry for the inconvenience, we're looking into it.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Heart to Art Soiree! Together we raised $300 in support of arts education!!!
You too! RT : thankyou so much have a great weekend :-D xx
lerobin had as much business winning MVP as Jared Dudley did.
I don't think anyone would be. :p
Dang Ricky Bobby spins and gets damage. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Warning #1: Didn't know how to make a Sazerac. #2: No Peychaud's bitters. #3: Used dry vermouth in a Manhattan & just "swished it together."
Sad...I was just starting to like !
Boring where is the sun
Hi -- could you say hello to my students and give them a link to your edutech site?
when you get a chance let me know how you're feelin the track.
Sobriety is the worst
Band practice today. Fingers crossed for a few more demos!
It cracks me up when i see 'photographers' using a tripod to shoot portraits in broad daylight.
Yes there is: Deli dog House in Janesville WI.
That's a good one!
Just heard Best Intentions on Great catching up w/ you guys at PD this wknd. Keep it going!
Tuesday Twinkles
Ima look fly ass fuck on senior citizen day
This Friday it is going down at Club Aurora Richmond Alley Boy is performing live and your favorite models Divine Adonia (A-don-ya) &….
Got some floaters in my drink... No care
haha well I am! End of! & yeah I know, everybody's in that phase rn, just let me know :)
Cool, glad to make the connection
Just hearing that the third floor partially collapsed at the justice center. Also hearing that some workers or still unaccounted for.
If Ihop delivered I would be the happiest person alive.
#confession I got a thing for light skinned girls
“: s/o to !!! watchin my FAVORITE movie 8 Mile.... :) #shesDOPE” Thanks fam
Who's coming to #EarthFest this weekend? The Spin Doctors, Third Eye Blind, Eve 6 and Switchfoot will be there. Will you?
Now Waiting On My Food <3
I be frontin all the time. Dontchya know?
I feel so fucking stupid.
At one TIME there was the movie THE THREE FACES OF EVE. The next TIME the movie was SIXTEEN FACES OF SYBIL. Now MITT ROMNEY is up to bat.
Good Luck Nico! You can Do It!
Wizards Of Waverly Place Ends tonight! :'(. My childhood too...
THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;)
great another sample...
perfect plan. shall we meet in NYC?
Great tribute to #mikewojciechowski tonight Way to go Woj!
Summer is a great time to invest in your home!
do send the link for your demo. :)
You can never go wrong with some Grey's Anatomy watching on a Sunday afternoon. The early seasons of course.
Accomplished. Anything else?
Check out blog about Diosa Costello, a living legend who wowed audiences in her day and today at 94 years old
Create Goodness <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Thanks guys.
Did you get your FREE Small HOT Coffee today? ^Eugene/Portland area only
FOLLOW IMMEDIATELY(: YOU WON'T REGRET ITT. I KNOW I DIDN'T(;
To all our entrants in the recipe contest: share your recipe with your friends and get your votes! Good luck and thanks for entering.
I love the bad girls club but I would love to beat Nikki's ass she is a stupid bitch an I would beat her ass any day bring it bitch???!!!
Wow! That's quite a canopy of cherry blossoms.
Hey, , Hello Thank you for having us. This looks great.
To me, #ToddandBlair ended on January 13th.
monsters vs. aliens=funniest animated movie
When are y'all wearing the silver uni's?
where you sitting??
really need "delete from search results"
I think it's time to start making Valentine's Day plans with myself, maybe I'll start a little early & treat myself to a coffee and a movie.
that one picture stayed as my avi for far too long.
writing about myself in the 3rd person, for a valid reason = too much fun
Tonight is the last night!
that's whatsup. Just responding since no1 else did
Congrats to the Richmond Kickers for winning @ KC in the USOC last night! Good luck at Chicago in the semis.
Fuck y'all.
Ugh only 1 hour of peace left
No shade ;) RT : and yes, I bumped up my meds in anticipation of 72 hours of being by myself w the kids this weekend. sigh.
Peppers is unstoppable! Dig it!
NZDUSD in upside breakout mode.
It's scrabble on your phone. Simple and fun. :)
-- maybe just an honest one.....have a nice weekend...DJ
CAN U MAKE HIM JIZZ TWICE???
Are you teaching Metrics and Analytics next week?
brown sugar an roast in oven at 425° for 20-25mins and turn them oc
Monstro Releases Social Music Charts -- First Charts to Measure Music Shared on Social Networks
Man what happened to my real niggas
It's been 184 days since we've seen 70 degrees in PDX. Could Andy Carson emerge from Witness Protection Program this weekend??
Going to Cirque du Soleil tonight! First time for me and super excited!!
Prime example. Chill dude.
So #aha12 is Brody Jenner to #mla12's Kim Kardashian? Them's fightin' words, my friend.
Join us for lunch and sports!
Mothers day dinner with the mommy <3
Those Cyclones, they can getcha...
Málaga, Spain... when you think of Spanish food, don't think burritos, quesadillas, etc.
nicki minaj roman reloaded album is the best
Carey Mulligan: What do you do? Ryan Gosling: I drive.
is the 2pac of our era in my eyes..no other artist tells a story like joe
I never called u fat.
Getting ready for another wonderful webinar with in the Teaching Online course. Incredible learning going on. Will try to share.
that air mattress is dumb. and says you're a "BITCH!" For not talking to her lololol
u baby
I don't think that I've ever seen Brewer argue a call that vehemently.
Revolution in #Libya?
thanks ! See you again on Friday!
Had a great co-organizer meeting yesterday - talked website, first meetup, and Hildy J. DM to get on our mailing list!
Exactly. Will have to try it :) “: we're a tequila company, every day is a great day =)”
::It takes a real woman to know when to walk away...
We'll have a booth at Creation Festivals next week... come hit us up...
I believe this is equivalent to a Facebook "like", thanks lady!
Nothing Much just dropping my Best Friend off :(
RT : YES would hurt me if I didn't.. #sunscreenFAN RT Hope you wore your sunscreen during...
I hate I missed it....
His step will cause his whole arm to swing more while a woman's steps will cause her arms to swing more from her elbows down
You know, there's a reason Kendrick didn't make the rotation out of ST.
Anytime. I'm here if you need me. But, thank you. You're not bad yourself. :)
Thanks everybody for sharing on
oh well..nvm
happy birthday!!
In essence, you cant tax a disabled person's wheelchair, prosthetic, or other means to pay lifetime Autism special needs costs
Its not hard to make money
"I want to extend my art perhaps into something that doesn't exist yet""Like falling off the edge?""Yes, I would like to do that" Eva
Want 2 watch the behind the scenes of "War Horse" the puppetry is incredible & captivating! Sure 2 be a gr8 show!
Good to know because that was the only thing I was worried about.
oh son of a bitch
Just saw Jim Thome hit his 600th career homerun one of the classy guys in baseball
I forgot Japan went through alot of shit this yr glad Japan won though
we're sneaking in gummies next time. RT : Sorry I couldn't make it. Another time. That's an order.
Happy St. Patrick's Day #Cincinnati! What are your plans today with/without the kids? #StPattysDayCincy <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Gotta love #mahler ! nothing like listening to 5 symphonies (:
I'll call you tomorrow...
Giants, Cain agree to 5-year extension
oh lawd . keep it up and you might get a double tap -_-
she does!
M&A Tip of the Day~don't forget that capital gains taxes will most likely double on January 1st 2013
i hope cursive is not near extinction. i practiced all those years for nothing!
Ah I could get use to this front porch sitting lifestyle ! Love it !
Thanks but Lil Cousin you did not have to bustme out
The Bob is not happy.
I meant like, that last .3 seconds were pointless & these refs are always giving Lakers chances.
Just got my speeding ticket dismissed! Yippey!!
Heading to NBA jam session in Orlando...
Did you know? It takes the same amount of time to age a cigar as wine!
thanks for retweeting! How did the event go?
ny times has great resources
Last nights CD Release Party was a great success. thanks to all who came out to show your support!!!!!
So Kobe went and planted his child porn on Chris Andersen's computer. We all know Kobe likes underage white girls in Colorado.
yes love
Now your just somebody that I used to know..Greatness!!
#vvbf Eating locally in the desert being discussed on stage at the Vegas Valley Book Festival by writers and community organizers.
Àwkward moments with ma tutor
Great times bud much love im on the hop for home RT : bloodys?
I felt somewhat bad today because I was helping one of my bosses select applicants to call for interviews, and my opinions eliminated some.
RT : #naturalhair has given black women the chance to be successful in owning beauty supply stores check out...
Realizing I haven't been to #ralphsrecords once this year. What is wrong with me?!
Do anyone els have a step dad they hate!!!! Cuz that's happing to me!!
idgaf about the density of water, when will I ever use this & yes im bored
Why is A Bag Of Weed trending?
Thanks y'all!
(aka Victor Villareal), (aka Legs Like Tree Trunks), and Meryll were incredible last night. The music was good, too
not really I'm just having the family over like usual but it's still exciting! How about you?
I think I'm funny. Good enough, right?
At Wet'n'Wild! So many sexy people here today(; Someone should come with me?!
On that Sapong game-winner for : Centerback failures from Chivas. Pearce shoved off ball, McKenzie caught staring.
Belt Testing this saturday at 1:30pm
nope. Just tell that chapter you love it while u read something else...
that happens to everyone
God damn chicago, didnt know u had this kinda 4th of july spirit, but right on.
+1 RT : No matter how much older and wiser I get, I still touch when I see a "Wet Paint" sign.
its kinda akward when ppl tlk to me abt stuff I dnt really care abt.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps The Kids From Yesterday by MCR
come visit me girl ;D
My pleasure! Well deserved.
I wish, can't make it this year. :( Ur going right?
u guys need to repeat the show at night. .:-)
Are parents shouldn't be in the same things we're in ...to the point where the parents ARE the
Watching Looney Tunes with Viggle Wed | 12PM | Cartoon Network Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I don't even know.
We're glad you enjoyed #LiNC! Have a safe trip back, Marissa! We hope to see you again soon.
I am currently using Visio 2010... It has allot of parts to master, and at first I was overwhelmed...
Thanks luv. ...when we find "the One", I'll post pics. Happy Friday Jenn.
Don't forget about our contest for the Action Item prize pack! It's a close race for first place!
I'm here for you(: Text me if you need me 865.809.2945
If you are familiar with Iraqi company sources, please help a librarian out on helpalibrarian.com (see, Iraqi Companies)
enjoying everything from the kitchen and the bar. Glad to have a new great spot in town!
prove it!!
": Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, not to catch feelings."
I am, and have been, a zombie for the last three years.
#TrainingTip: For stair climbing, it's important to train in a real stairway ,instead of just hopping on the stairclimber at the gym
Wanna go to All for the Hall?? Keith Urban,Dolly Parton,John Mayer, Alan Jackson, Martina, Miranda Lambert, Alison Krauss Billy Currington
Nice to meet you. I look forward to speaking soon!
Thank you, Mr President. You've chosen the right side of history.
TEAM (9866-Kick) signed up for: Summer Vancouver Co-Ed Kickball at Luke Jensen Park (Turf) Sundays.
A Walk To Remember is one of my favorite movies that I've seen once...and ever since then it comes on and I always miss it :((
ON THE GRIND VOL.1 I need yall to do me a drop to bra
idk if your allowed ? My mom is getting mad for just bringing people over tia.
Have fun
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?! SPEC
I've got a futon for sale!!
follow and - they follow back!!
: Happy Friday Ash!
Thor really is the kindest poker player of them all! Everybody loves him!
Yes, but not for fungible reasons -- "been in the family for...". Suggest close attention to electificiation/plumbing retrofitting.
Today I did a total of 55 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 3, Day 3, Level 1)
will u please follow me?
Lightning and thunderstorms over Beachwood Cyn. Better make sure your gadgets are charged, Hollywood.
Movie Genius Pro for iPhone
cannot wait, its all coming up very fast
“: #checkplease” can you wrap the Togo thanks
I thought this was one of Colorados safest cities? LOL!!!!
Reminds me of early writing advice I got: "If you're a writer, don't borrow. Steal."
Gym mode
Agreed! It should be banned from public consumption b/c it automatically brings back bad memories.
I want to go back to school
Stop lying to people and date him already. It would prove two major things: 1) He's not gay. 2) You're not an idiot
that would be awesome that place was pretty badass
is 95 levels of awesome. We are just saying.
This is getting out of hand. I REALLY need like 8 more hours in each day!! Can someone take care of that for me please??
When they kick out your front door How you gonna come? With your hands on your head Or on the trigger of your gun
Probably getting Tiger Woods '10 today
sounds fun!
Up and out the door! Back to running again. Wish me luck!
Pbout 2 play b-ball with my sister. I'm gonna run her into the ground! :)
We "lost" jeagers tennis ball
Keep chanting for your sanity.
Check out today’s show at theCityFM.com. All Podcasts, All the Time.
jus made a camera obscura in my bedroom
Can U Follow Me Please Big Fan Of Your Show Bucket And Skinner
I knew you'd appreciate that one! Can't wait to hear how your new gig is going.
Yes, please! Even better. Btw, did you see Tinker, Tailor? Just saw it tonight - lots of BC goodness (but no dressing gowns).
follow for me? same person different account.
A Day in the Country music festival has been roping in fans for 27 years
Close To Home tonight. so stoked
they changed it, in at 3 now hotstuff. Did you? lol I can't deal anymore
Just woke up. No school !:P
Lefty just bitchslapped Tiger's comeback party!
Yes! RT 100% of them already are beautiful! RT : 72% of girls told us they feel tremendous pressure to be beautiful.
love love love your video about Hope to see you Friday at teerex!
So glad to see endorse Education plan. They will show that good things can happen if we work together!
#iReallyHateWhen You get a 'Maybe" but you're expecting a "Yes"
I needed to get it together. Fashion is all around me. It's like being in a candy store!!
Reading clash of kings. Excellent. #winteriscoming #thankGodsoisgameofthrones!
Why do I need to do that again :\
love you too buddy!!!
Ladies: Don’t worry if you’re single. God is looking at you right now saying, “I’m saving this woman for someone special.”
thank you for a beautiful mothers day morning! I LOVE YOU!
I wish you all the greatest happiness and success.
Sunshine, curly hair, makeup. Shopping then movies?
O yea and as for everyone else, fuck em
Want a free copy of our EP "Fail Yourself" and some other goodies? RT this for your chance to win. We will be selecting 3 winners at 5pm.
Aha! A successful trial DNS change means a launch is now just around the corner! Still a little bit of work to be done to finish up...
Lightning talk: Katie, Geographer, President of Wikimedia DC. Working with cultural institutions in the region.
ofcource<3 but .. your perfect so lol.. you can't do anything wrong:)
seconds after it is decapitated
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Omw to school .
Andre Miller just went Fred Brown.
Go Bucks! Fuck Michigan!
Its soo hard for me to trust em' i cant give em' my all !
Oops, Shaun, my bad. Haha. This is why I don't try and spell names without lookin' 'em up first :D
wow. I don't know who you are anymore.
I want to cry
Checked into views and welcoming charm, greeted with foot massages!
You are very welcome. Have a great New Year!
I might unfollow 3 ppl for lame tweets...you kno who you are >;/
aww haha that sucks. I have to go to school :c wahh haha
that was funny doe xD
RIP Steve Jobs
Late to respond to your link, , but the writing stuff was good.
Ouch? :) Good night.
R u serious? RT : I don't understand what are talking about. I just tried #PepsiNext and it is God!!
DON'T MAKE ME CRY THIS MORNING...it's too early!!
Off for my morning "nap" then out on the town to hunt for cds, records and whatever else I can flip.
have since locked back up but I was quite fond of Miss Jessie's products for a twist out. Esp. Curly Pudding.
Gah! I just realized I have no electricity!! ok don't panic. eat the ice cream now, charge phone on laptop reserve... /hyperventilating
bubba birdie for the win right here right now
Welcome to twitter, Todd!
Always treat your woman like a lady.
Happy Monday, how is everybody doing?? xoxo
My mom is ridiculous.
Hello from the future!
Pepper&Egg. Eggplant M
Going to the fire on girard! Open mic!
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries - An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries @ Firehook Bakery!
To all of the ladies upset about Justin Timberlake getting engaged: I'm ready to pick up the pieces of your broken hearts.
just do it! Really pretty funny, and it's good to laugh at yourself every now and then.
Solve world hunger: eat criminals.
Great game last night. I didn't think an empty net goal would be so satisfying...but it really was.
nah that book got to much drama lmao
Life always has speed bumps but NOTHING will stop us from completing our dreams and the fire from our passion is stronger then ever!!
i miss u
I *may* have burst out laughing when the guy said "It has a pen!" Yes, I too had a palm pilot...in 1990-something.
Airport sushi. This should be interesting.
are you coming tomorrow? =]
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it.
RT : At the RSuite User Conference. Speaking later on "How eBooks are Generating New Interest in Content Management"
need help choosing: Strawberry Cheesecake, Coconut Cashew, or Chocolate Peanut Butter?!? Can't wait to try!!!
She wanted to be a gold digger not a grave digger
not anymore just extremely hungry.
Still in awe over the end of the game. My man-crush on Brady Hoke continues to grow.
New KG design for the 1 sevs, no gentleman on the bottle anymore #apalled whaaa?
And student selection? How much leeway should public charters have regarding the students they serve? Would Cartmenez be admitted?
Thank you for including us!
3 spots left for the webinar tonight. Don't close your doors if your doing #debt settlement, we have the only 100% FTC compliant program
I'm crazy.
what to do on this nice dayy
Love it! Bring it on please! lol
That must mean shamrocks in March!
everyone is getting extensions. hahaha
Why do I even bother.
CBS signs The Onion for a new fake news series? The LCP has been mocking the news for years.
just wanted to say I appreciate all the hard work you have done and helped make my iPhone a better device. Thanks a lot :)
The Aqua Teen Hunger Force Season 4 menu has been playing on a loop for an hour because I can't be bothered to go upstairs and turn it off.
RT - Public on the Over rather on the Cleveland game.Looking for the Indians to avoid the sweep as well.Two fucking losers p...
TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE!!! $5
Thanks for following! Looking forward to seeing you !
Honestly, I just keep thinking about her little boy losing his mom so young, and I ache for him. I fucking hate cancer.
Invited a coworker to play Quizzo w/ us tonight. This could either be fine or a HUGE mistake. Still not used to having coworkers my own age.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
let me get this straight guys. Toronto can review a goal but not an illegal hit like on Hoss?
Moving beyond the 3%: Women Entrepreneurs are breaking our own self-imposed glass ceilings every day
Virgin daiquiri.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 4
thanks! It rained on us all day long. Cold and wet. We were glad to see some friendly faces though!
: saw ur show last week w/the mother of murdered daughter and children of murderers.
People lie so much. It's disgusting.
competitive memory competitions? hmm.....
I can't spell but will win at scrabble
Rest, rest.
My arms have drained near all the flesh out of my boobs. I have reaching syndrome with a rule out for pania.
Mobile JSTOR? Planning a design for 320x480, remote authentication, w/ installed app.
Went back in time last night
I'm down fa my man Ray. I'm happily taken..
The love below. (That never gets old) RT : "What's wrong? What are you afraid of?"
Okeeee Kooo thats wassup Gone head and ddoo that and guess what i made a new rap
I don't have no time bull shit,Mane im ballin like Jordan in 96
My friend made me watch some of you videos today...I think I'm in love you now <U+314B><U+314B><U+314B> Shimmy, WHY R U SO AWESOME??
yeah, turns out I worked with him briefly back in Corvallis. Small world.
I ain't afraid to eat fried chicken and dirty dance to Merle
and 50% of the traffic from me to news-media sites (the other 50% being twitter)
Thanks! Same to you. Though the only rocking happening here is a sick little one in the rocking chair!
thanks, it was a pleasure meeting you and the family.
ok why? Love that movie!
Super hyper!!!!
How is everyone doing today?
Doing a show when you're sick is NOT fun. Tonights show is gonna be fun! Come out and see it in Red Bank at Count Basie. Great talents!!!!
Going to Virginia today. What up.
ok I'll be down next week
every time im on here ur not
Any shows I should hit in Cali? Will be in LA area from 4/6-4/12.
RT : Brothers and Sisters can marry each other in North Carolina but gay couples in love can't? I call bullshit.
if u do it, I def need a pic. Preferably one with u nekkid. Lol seriously, I think it would look good.
Not now, I need food intake
i Find you TRYNa GET EVEn more closer to me haha
So many idiots at fests
I know I do. So I have a red folder.. I hope she takes it haha
ahh hell nah!!!
I can't wait to get back on my summer sleeping pattern.
It's your choice....BE CHOOSEY!!
lmbo you are TOO silly... well im def gonna stop by to see you tomorrow then and ill just ask ben when yall play
Someone should make flavored retainers
Can't wait to see them!
Even if you're not attending the wine tasting tonight, you can join us afterward at Amerigo (), around 8:30
AH FUCK RT : He still a HEAT fan you aint doing shit RT : i change david all the time. fuck is he talking about?
leave me alone.
On my way to Paris in a few hours...stressed and excited. A lot of work ahead, but very good energy. Next tweet will be from there :)
sure! hope it works out!
October 4th & 5th, Fortune is streaming the annual Most Powerful Women Summit to a virtual audience. I want to get a group together to view…
thanks Jon
no worries. I'll join you in a few hours when we get to dinner and we can indulge together.. er, virtually. ;-)
Back at the booth at #OAH12, talking about books, teaching history, and more. We're here until five. Stop by!
She loves playing with fire Nox. But it is part of her charm yes? Love the sketches by the way. xoxo to you both!
Happy Cinco De Mayweather everybody. R.I.P Michelle Cotto
I recall there was a rumor that they did write something like that...it was a twitter thing. Or did I dream it?
Say What You Mean, and Mean What You Say.
Weezer should play The Gorge. That is all.
you are simply incredible!! #skyscraper is amazing
Check out my cuz Pop Up Shop TONITE and TOMORROW for !!!
I can't even deal with the babeness of the cast. I wanna see it again already.
Thank you Saturday for being such a bitchy mcbitchy-bitch. -_-
alright I'll take it! You're the best!
they are! But I'm grateful because every month I have that sigh of relief that I'm not pregnant :D
forreal??...that shirt goes hard yo....
Jesus: I was hanging on the cross for five hours.
wasgood my guy how you been ? still with that basketball shit ?
lmao! Oh... But really?
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love, we are only afraid of not being loved in return.
how does auto correct get kastine from lacrosse?
and now out of playoffs... Boo
Have a good night Mikeal. Love you so much with all my hearts lol and I will talk back this week
MultiMediaMix, where local media matters!
yay ny post has lil article about video i was in. sadly the still they showed did not have me in it
Subways in new york city are the most confusing/annoying ways to travel in existence.
As do you too friend, as do you.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Prom dress shopping w/ my sister part 2 today :) dress fitting & shoes
Just so upset <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>, parents left to the mother land and I couldn't give my goodbyes.
wanna be on a fan video for or ? :)
Have you guys been spinning "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? If you, haven't you really should! That'smy jam!
roll out the rd carpet for and you guys win multiple Championships! you gotta be recruitin' I bet.
My TWC Food Network is out. Ugh. Rough approximation, but I'd guess that 35% of my channels on Time Warner work 60% of time.
I'm so anxious about tomorrow that I can't even sleep.. awesome.
You grab it and say "Captured B*tch!" Sorry, I don't know. :-( Hope it made you laugh at least. =]
Pretty sure Jack N the Box has the same effects as agent orange.
thanks for the shout out...you should message us and see what we can do to expand out of the states
hold on Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.
Aw Kendall and Niall that's cute
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
well at least the half time mix sounds good. last year sucked!
What's worse than insomnia? Insomnia and a severe back sprain. #Can'tEvenBeProductive
tuna salad sandwich...LOL
I find Lea Michele insanely attractive, (like INSANELY attractive) but she has some of Glee's worst derps xD
Kind of upset that I didn't think of using Bladerunner for my fb pic.
speaking of fight you should bring Steve mac up and let him loose on Philly Saturday
Awe thanks, I'll let them kno :) Ur very close, they are Border Collies RT : they're beautiful! aussies?”
wheres the money in the bank match? Thats the most exciting match ever and you don't have it in Wrestlemania XXVIII
you better not. lol
Indian Rocks Beach or Indiana. Which is better??...
must i do #Imagine ?
Catalyst Catamarans would be more fuel efficient and environmentally friendly
Hype for the new #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER my fave show
Blogs are multimodal but mostly text, surprisingly, in their findings. Language used is very similar to analog writing—not "netspeak."
WOW. My Lakers are having a public meltdown.
#teamfollowback Need more follows? We ALWAYS follow back!!
Vision without action is simply hallucination. Action without vision is randon activity. What's your day going to be like? Brad Hager
I don't think he'll finish in the top 5 when it's all over.
heart the weld guy!
Pretty sure i just blew a subwoofer. Dammit.
Awesome news! What is your pace at?
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Nice choice for number 500. Congrats!
well....guess at least it wasn't premade and sitting under a warmer
you tease me lol
Crawling into bed. U2 cover band sucked ass. 7thx7th party was weak. But never have I ever/pong with my friends was fun.
8/...RT : Is it fair to call Andrew Bynum the NBA's best center right now?
Being ignored sucks , but knowing your being ignored sucks even more .
RIP Scoob, You made Nashville a better place and I loved your show when I was stationed at Ft Campbell
thank god!
I thought you were talking about the 1910's.
W/all the attention for Strasburg, should I be painting the National's park? Is anyone interested in that park? (I think it's pretty new..)
Trying to get ahold of about joshie
I think I understand how you feel. I'm kind of in a similar boat. :( *hugs*
We do it up for my birthday bash tonight!!!! LETS CELEBRATE
If zombies could tweet, what would they tweet?
#ARocketToTheMoon! :D nice lyrics
Hope to see you International Plaza, RonaldTutorCenter #PMIYinLA #MUSICisGREAT I'll be wearing t-shirt
The roommate's moving home today. Anyone know where I can get sage to burn?
I LOVE MY MASON FAMILY THEY ALWAYS LOOK OUT FOR YA GIRL!
Agree! Hope you're well...long time! RT Josh Hamilton has 5 RBI
not complaining just making an observation ! That was the best word I could use to describe it
Just received e-mail that is closing. Sad. Inspired me to build in Flex. Creativity in tech bears no legacy for so many :(
Watching the Packer game with the family!
Great day doing business around Did the TGIF thing at and now, The Deep Blue Sea at The Loft. Love Tucson!
Just got home from #Hubbs - was a really great morning/afternoon. Now off to work!
You saw Avengers last Friday, this Friday The Sour Patch.$10 @ 8pm reserve your seats.
We help promote player on our website everything is free
love the pic
yeah i have one..
PA plans a little longer than you thought they'd be?
I agree - it's really wonderful.
Once again, Happy Bday to my jr.
Going tanning :)
That's a hard one... I am guessing boyfriend on right.
Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Romans 12:2
I love a bitch with a couple stretch marks on her ass
#SmackDown come on john morrison
Sorry to hear about your divorce... how are you doing? follow me.
thanks bro!
Wow, that sounds great! You should contact
Starting off with a Two Tortugas? We like your style!
There are some mean people on the Internet y'all
ough and the genre of music that I am also passionate about. I truly feel called to stop living in the past of angst filled lyrics and ...
is cool & yet frustrating at the same time. Like #drawsomething pic you can't guess :-p
This is a freaking joke
YAY KUNITZ GOT A GOAL!!!!!! I'm so happy!
You know whatever the days bring,I still have to stop and think those people in Japan,day after day there seems to be bad news for them.
Great. U?
time is love, gotta run.
anytime my friend!!!
We get them because my husband almost died at his job of 30 years? Does that make us bad people?
im meeting you when you move to seattle
Went to Dick's Sporting Goods store earlier today. It's their second day working since yesterday gran opening here in St. George, UT love it
Holy eff. I'm very hungry :/
Upcoming for our website: Hard to find ACCEL Thunder Twin items for Harley Davidson motorcycles will be listed in January. Will sell quickly
lol if you find one to buy, let me know!
I've lived in Cali for a few weeks, and only a few of those days have been sunny. What is going on?
Aww why do you say tht.
OMG is where is so we can make up a dance?!?!?!
We do get president's day off...
#MyBoyBlueIII AKA Blue is killing me...dog has 15 toys and cant pick which one to play with! HAHA!
Reasons to become rich: to have a personal chef
24th. (all dates are on the academic calendar.)
I wonder if your thinking about me. :)
“: The t-shirt I got last night and the show they played >> #ILoveVelero” I love velero
I miss you more
: Or should I say "the Obi-Wayne Kenobi of Programming."
you don't have to keep tweeting that the contest is over
We'll take it as a compliment? Thx! RT : Am I really crying right now watching the boston pops on the fourth that I dvr'd ugh...
I feel accomplished. Designed a "get off my butt and do something at a gym" plan for myself for my
Happy #FF everyone
Car wash <-- do you do this less in the fall and winter?
SO EXCITED LOU! expecting only the best from you guys xx
O2 is toxic at depths far less.
. Will SES make a difference? Is homework quality/quantity assigned based on perceived support from parents?
Nope. I can find some bright spots in Everyday and Stand Up. But those will be the only albums where songs are skipped.
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
wht u got up 2moro? We goin to listening session.
How are the wife and kids!
1 more day till we make La Salita history!!!
I don't feel the need to show off our relationship, or demonstrate our love, we know we are in love
That would work fine for me. Mine could be an arial shot. I'm willing to try anything at this point.
I'll be lucky if my brain isn't mush by 11 pm tomorrow. lucky.
I do what I can. I hope you checked out the video on my blog.It is a motivator for me, just to see what other push themselves for
Who knows about pizza beer night might be canceled. What the fuck
Now following #BBN go follow him and show him the love! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
TRAFFIC: Lights out - East Washington @ East Springs Drive - officer directing traffic
Its gonna b what its gonna mothafuckin be
contrary to conventional wisdom, Jock Jams does not make everything more exciting. logging information into excel is impervious its wiles.
My car is pissing me off!
Leading ENDER'S GAME book discussion tomorrow. Talking point: Did Orson Scott Card model Ender on Robert E. Lee?
fear over being late?
news clippings collections: to mulch or compost?
we have a broccoli-microwaver here too. no bueno!
It's been raining here a LOT! Do u still get your workouts in when u can't get outdoors? I have lots of dvds to use when I can't get out!
been thru the fire, but now im out! Lol...I'm gonna hit your email up this week.
cautionary tales of swords?!
yes you are, you've won sytycd season7, you have an amazing boyfriend, you've been in tour w/ sytycd, etc :) yes you're lucky
Full time: What a disappointing result for Chelsea, up 3-0, draw 3-3. Thrilling match for fans though.
Gives me the beat advice. I <3 it
so cute. Enjoy yourself.
I'm 94% sure the direct center of this thunderstorm is over my house... It's a strobe light party outside.
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe St. Patrick's Day! Raise a glass to family and friends!
The Electric Horse And Carriage Is The Solution To A Cruel And Outdated Industry In Large Urban Centers
so brored bye :)
haha, worst I've ever heard interviewing one is "i just call my rich uncle"
Do you suffer serenity attacks? Ask your psychiatrist now for Noprofitiazone, a new treatment involving electrodes and firecrackers.
please follow back ! :)
well next time you are in LA hit me up
for a second I thought u were mindless behavior cause' I t said mindless behavior and 9 others followed and I'm like WHAT!(:
RT Ah yes, the Kentuckee Darbye. I always enjoyed the post-race drop in the price of adhesive.
fan of Allen anderson
who emailed it
what does that mean? Arriving airport now give me some minutes
#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget No Duh???
Alpha waves = signs of creativity. Not gamma rays Hulk.
Newest amendment, from Rep. Wardlow, would make People's Stadium a "right-to-work" zone. Stadium plan's maine author, Rep. Lanning, opposes
that's good, bro. Life gets tough, but stay positive.
Single release party tonite for NeMiss Bowery Poetry Club 8 sharp! Official single with Chris Rob in DJ Spinna drops in August.
My advice: find something that's exercisey but also fun to do. For example, ballroom dance classes, rollerblading, trampoline.
Any of my followers ever do #internationalization for #XBLIG? Did you find a good response? Increased sales?
Enjoy the day sir! I know the feeling!
thats awesome. Ur a babe. Ur voice makes this white chocolate melt. ;-)
Haha thank you :)
whats good twitter
Another devastating injury sustained by Baron Davis which further demonstrates an unfortunate whack #NBA season
Leody's is hiring. Tailor or seamstress needed. Know anyone?
Sweet story today. Pen pals with a friendship 57 years long and oceans between them. They say they are soulmates. At 5 on the News on 6!
#oomf thinks im stupid....I'm extremely close to giving them their walking papers...tired of bs.
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, where mother is. ~Keith L. Brooks
WELLLTHEN you can stand up then, BUT OTHER THAN THAT YOU MUST SIT DOWN.
being able to eat tacos and study torah?
I haven't said anything dirty to you in a few days. Are you proud of me?
#realtime Arsenio Hall + Bill Maher is AWESOME
Almost forgot to tell you May The 4th Be With You
There’s always some truth behind ‘just kidding’. Emotion behind ‘I don’t care’. ~Unknown
No prob. I got the orange shirt, but it's a secondary team on my sports hierarchy.
Test/Exam Day, Wish me luck!
#SemperFi!! Follow me & my fellow #vets work at #OpOliver &
well hi there :) thank you! <3
lol i love how u had to add a hashtag to sprint and verizon
Nothing like starting on a Monday, 8 weeks left to get in shape!
Senior citizens in Stamford revisit school memories
what do you, I'm all of those things too! Btw, how did the presentation go?
Powerful force embraced with ultimate truth...
wow. Good god she's clueless.
The moment when spring break turns from languid relaxation to the terrifying spectre of a looming stack of grading.
I'll text you later this week & we'll plan something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I need a country writer.
now and then i think of all the times you screwed me over
a deep tissue or trigger point therapy would help the muscles involved with your pain
I see your wavy exterior and think it looks FINE!!!!
I have a feeling that several laws are being broken in the room above me.
Indeed, it's as though "they" don't know where they are! #openyoureyes LOL
Thanks Angie...hope all is well with you and Brad.
#3WordsForYou ; follow me, k?
Began reading Pascal Mercier's Night Train to Lisbon on Governor's Island today with a festive band & dancers enchanting our spirits.
I guess Hardin of an Elbow! Ha!
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
Whats up dude? Im totally in. Lets do it. Bring me the jersey and its done. You should also plan a trip to SF or Chicago.
You are a mixergy guy too!? I watched that interview live. Thanks! Do you have any other feedback?
cool story bro.
I just had a real vivid dream where I witnessed a plane crash. The humanity!
And you take me the way I am.
The show is bustling this morning. So many wonderful accents on the floor.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
It's cold and rainy in Austin today. I think I picked the wrong day to wear shorts!
RT Entitled woman to exercise private instructor: "I just came from the hairdresser so don't make me sweat."
Great list! Will send it out!
This child learned how to keep a poker face in self defense.
How do you personally define "art"?
If I ever have kids I'm having more than one. Only children are spoiled brats. Like me.
That awkward moment when eveyone else stopped laughing 5 minutes ago, But you can't stop. lol
So sad.
That's what we like to hear!
Dont forget to Like us on facebook and spread the word! thanks!
I was so hoping I would wake up and my parents would have left already because I reeeaallyy don't wanna go with them.
That wasn't an STF, straight up doing a crippler crossface.
Is it Friday yet? Nope, but it's almost 2, so time for the #2oclocktwittertakever do it! Send in your shout out, call somebody out....BOOM!
Last weekend was full of slow news days. Did you see any “fluff” news stories? Holidays are the best time to get some free publicity.
Never knew #Wendy's had breakfast #good morning
it's gorgeous, but nothing more than an exercise in giallo aesthetic. I feel the best giallos are the same as good thrillers.
Ready for your #INTERVENTION? doors are open at L Bar in Rehoboth Beach!
Right to Lambeau
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." Elbert Hubbard. TY Bobbie Goheen
I love to talk #books and Packers! If you're near Oconto, WI, come and meet me tomorrow 4-5 at !
Dallas!!! Check us out at the Dub Show Tour! We are in your city May 20th!!!
Yep. Question: Are the liquor/beer stores open in Wisconsin on Sunday?
Ok... Why is dis nigga walking round wit a book? WTF! And a drink! Lol!
So what do you like best about the renovated Thompson Library? Let us know?
I love when people act like Boss Man and Bernard 'got better' when they went to Japan. They were awesome before
I told you so.
Excited For New Jonas Album
I said it before, I'll say it again. No one in the league can stop Westbrook. But he's self-destructive. Just wait.
which one??
The gas in mexico and china.
Goodnight :I
The aesthetic of the ancient Greeks is a technological sublime that is not afraid to include failure in its "calculations."
Let's run away and never look back
Quandary: I'm struggling to integrate my thinking on my new blog piece in Integrated Thinking! Like looking into 2 mirrors on opposite sides
Today, is National Weed Day so I'm gonna light this crack pipe up and see why crack heads can't get enough.
Just announced: will be performing AT @ Aloft Hotel NEW YEARS EVE PARTY #mkenye2012 #TEAMLOYALTY for tix call 414-949-7526
yeah, not sure if that was just adernalin. And when that wore off if he couldn't move
me too!
Ughh, reading your tweets literally disgusts me. Can't wait till #karma gets you.
What You Need to Build Links to Your Website and What a Good One Looks Like
hahah I'm so proud I myself encouraging drinking via twitter
The room is full now. Waiting for things to get going.
it really is a stupid paper.
Well hello frizz...
First pitch for No. 2 St. Xavier (21-8) vs. No. 4 Eastern (24-6) set for 5pm at Eastern. In-game updates will be available
So....I miss the adams family..the show I've been waiting FOREVER to see..cuz of band..oh well...but it better come on sundays
whats up wit that song
Going to go out in a bit to pick up some 2012 Bowman cards.
got detention tomorrow lmfao. i dont really care. but it sucks...
home opener. I can come on and provide insight I am hosting KSR tomorrow. Tweet me what youd like to talk about
I'm just easily impressed I guess.
ok ok ok >.< don't then LOL
looks delicious!
Who's got some fresh footage?! Send us the link!!!
Desire of power and self-esteem drove teen filmmakers in late 60s/early 70s Vietnam era -Rossi-Snook
Final days of exams and 4 days left till Italy!:)
I'm pretending to be listening to my iPod but I'm actually listening to these young'ins at the pool talking about love.
i am doing ALL of them but i LOVE SINGING i dont like my acting class or my dance class
Just listened to Newt Gingrich, a man who cheated on two of his wives, one of whom had cancer, go on about the sanctity of marriage...
maybe you should just try another sign and send the caps my way lol
Nightmares of family dying and waking up bawling... Not settling well!
Missing the days when we all got a real summer vacation!!
thanks for posting Kelsey! ()
They showed a clip of on Daily Show tonight. Pretty funny!
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito...
cuddling with my boyfriend and a cute movie till I fall asleep
Physics makes my tea get too cold.
.: "Obama believes American power needs to adapt" to changing global environment.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Miller: Golf is not sentimental. Could have fooled us. One standard for Ernie, one for Tiger. Some things never change. Good on T for the W
People always say they see it coming. Unless it's Keith Richards and it never comes! We didn't know her or her problems.
One drawback to not a lot of offseason turnover/additions?
What has replaced the music video sales model? Surprising lack of innovation since late nineties.
Crowdsourcing the final exam today.
T. Stew: "Until NASCAR makes a rule, I'll dump them everytime"
Glad we could help. That's why we are here!
by the way, looking forward to exchanging pictures (I could use some new good ones) =]
i'm buying ticket for Feb.25 and JOE suppose to be Indianapolis,IN... u are gonna be there rite????
and I were all young dems once
that's fine cause I have to go to class anyway and that's when I get out just hit me up when your done
Or like with Eddie, when his internal clock wakes us up at 4:50 each morning to play w/him and feed him.
good pick
My heart hurts. It really does.
I'm on a panel headed by the project mgr for the Grateful Dead Archives!
so.. did u wanna sell the stretcher or not. If so how much
T-minus 2 days until I get significantly less wise. Expect drugged out tweets in the meantime.
If Elena doesnt pick Damon, i will crawl in a hole and cry and never come out..
To all my story peeps lol the story is up hope u enjoy it and everyone is in it but srry if u were not In it THT much
were promoting the #hondacrz hybrid for natl media challenge by #recycling cans to fund road trips. We'd love your support!
Please follow! Thank you so much for coming to indiana ! It means soo much!!! 143 !
girrllll please you know I don't be on 2nd shift no more!!! I worked 7 to 3 today... In and outta that bitch lol
it was my smartass way of saying I like J Simpson's baby name :)
ok...u now have made me choke on my drink 5 times over several months AT WORK. Boss woman is getting suspicious. :-0
This is the best news for our Yankees! Andy is back where he belongs!!
i'm waiting for Taylor swift
Mingo at 3rd..come on down.
Does she have a visual schedule so she knows to expect the unwanted activity & any positive reinforcement in place?
Mobile App Development services by Vincent IT becoming 1st choice for cusotmers. Bagged app development in eBook,Streaming , Banking, Class…
have fun this weekend.
writing Austin's name on yourself and all your stuff when you're bored.
Epic #Golf battle in #LA between Phil, Keegan, and Haas! The best #PGA finish since Tiger and Rocco 2008 US Open!!!
Thanks! It's the second year we worked together. Such great people to collaborate with!
Lots of forward movement happenin today; pitched a book, sent requested copies for lg purchases, & mailed out catalogs to possible buyers.
Exactly u dont need Twitter to tell u bout ur stank pussy, u already telling Twitter bout ur stank pussy w/ cobwebs since March
i cannot stop reading ur tweets babe<3 I love themm so much :)
what's up girl :)
sad to see photos of the #carhartt stores being looted in London
The definition of intellectual dishonesty? Calling flip-flopping "evolving" when your guy does it.
I also had a vision of Cain explaining "nine nine nine" to a group of German tourists and problems when signs got turned upside down.
Thanks for great year! #goaztecs!
Why does Twitter keep on reminding me that I am following more than I am followed? This site is severely lacking in tact.
Time warner cable owes me three hours of work. That's two months of free cable. I wonder if I can actually bill them?
#askryan may I have a RT? (: I love u! (: & also I'd love to meet u someday! <3
no I had no idea! Thats embarrassing on my part
Ha! I would call it "the sad secrets of the games industry." :-)
#burningman is making me feel like a kid the night before xmas...
whats his middle?
EdWorks Partners Infographic: How video games are changing education bit.ly/nk3h8w
Follow us on tumblr and instagram! We have some amazing new pieces
When other people are moody, it makes me moody, but I'm not a moody person, so I don't know what to do with it
I know some will believe that he is...but he will never be gay and that's prove from him personally telling the KDKA that he's not gay.
that explains all the bacterial ear infections :(
ok now im getting off. going to eat my Kibbles dog food and drink some water. Be Back Later(: #woof #muchlove <111
Grizzlies boy
He's the black mamba right now
Congrats to Robert Morgan as his short film BOBBY YEAH has been selected for Sundance 2012! We will be hosting its midwest premiere on Sat!
If your on campus come see us at Table 40 in the Fieldhouse for Freshman move-in
We need an independent sheriff who isn’t connected to the Deputy Sheriff’s Association, but is connected to public welfare.
Favorite!RT 50 years ago this week, SHIP OF FOOLS by Katherine Anne Porter hit the New York Times Fiction Best Seller List at
My legs hurt. Oh there's a fat cat laying on them.
Do not have any plans for tomorrow yet! :D
Sometimes u get right what u need right when u need it. Couple messages from friends old & new in the last few hrs made my year, I swear. <3
This time tomorrow the Cats should be national champions and Lexington should be on fire
#FF ::: Need Hot New Music – Hip Hop Artist to Collab with??? GO FOLLOW>>>
A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you been drinking jack and coke all morning.
You know what FUCK YOU...I WOULD LOVE TO SEE YOU TRY THAT ASSHOLE lmao
If I didn't have to work today it would be back to back days on the golf course
Metadata wants to be free! RT wondering what makes of all this
is that why you were crying?! Beause side note: I got emotional when she said "gondola"
lol... shut up
Why is that? You just don't like the show or the conversation around it?
So damn frustrating to watch
Aye, I found some Guam People lmao
Have you ever thought..."I should tell her I love her." If you are thinking of your wife,daughter,mother,sister - DO IT when you think it.
have fun at #OnDeck today. Will miss you at
For some people, Twitter is the new del.icio.us
I don't like hummus on sammiches. Just as a dip. I'm weird about hummus.
ha! If it weren't for the hashtag, I would have just assumed 2 drink guys in the middle of the road!
Dwight D. Eisenhower. Peyton Manning. Johnny Morris. The Dictator as played by Sacha Baron Cohen. How'd I do?
I feel like Wellington should do their own version of Nitro Circus.
<U+266C> Hi Kelly You follow one of our artists, Singer/Songwriter Bob James Thank you Warmest regards <U+266C>
doing fine. Busy with all the usual plus arrangements for the book
: the media should encourage discussion and maybe not just provide pre-packaged/finalized opinions.
What better to go with National Pretzel Day than a #homebrew or #craftbeer?
This whole thing is like a big play date... I'm pretending to be an embedded reporter and they are pretending to be soldiers
Nice! Glad to hear Dilton getting some attention too!
Interesting how the gesture of neck-cutting stands for "closed" almost universally.
(sends good health your way)
Hey can I get a shoutout on the air real fast!
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass. ~Anton Chekhov
Effed up the muscle in my neck. Lovely. Gonna make for a long day at work tomorrow.
Did you know heart disease is the No. 1 killer of women? Wear Red on 2/3 & support the fight against this disease at...
In our case it makes every Saturday a holiday. Don't know what we'd do without Hot Taco though.
Cheesecake factory just may be the biggest rip-off in milwaukee #mkedining $17 for freaking gumbo!!
could i get a follow for my birthday<33
yea we can show 3 games at one time.
thanks bud :-)
Pretty please. It would be GREAT to get together. Friday the 11th is open for Lunch and then nothing until the week of the 21st
Krejci has been hot this month but looks lazy today. Has been out of position twice so far - could have been 2 easy goals
RT “: Leonard Cohen forever!” Yup. Keep looking for the cracks. That's how the light gets in.
Contact us:
And don't think I didn't check out www.skoreit.com to possibly get an IPad for $.01 or a gold bar way under retail.
Q: Current favorite brand of shoes?
Having a great time with on behalf of ! Great to be out for a truly great person. Thanks, Debbie!!!
The Flyers are on the verge of being choke artists again......
Love me a good twitter party! :)
u shld tell ya cuz to get a new phone what kind he have?
Putting the final touches to "We Come In Pieces"----
With one more fumble he'll have 6 in 3 games...
I Trott do swear... That should get you started.
Those brownies were delicious!
they're desperate enough to troll YouTube? ;)
Done & Done
Don't believe the #lies. There is absolutely NO such thing as "#clean"
The bartender fed me a cocktail made with Johnnie Walker Black Label and eggs whites, and a plate of bacon.
anything is possible or can come to life with
Why I do what I do! ": #MogulTalk Anyone can build a product/service... It's exceptional marketing and PR that makes the winners."
Just saw signs for a "divorce sale" hanging on telephone poles! "Everything must go." Including the spouse, apparently.
I don't worry about weight, it will get lift! I don't worry about the storm, I will get wet! I don't worry about haters, they worry about me
Wild one
what did she do??
How can 365 days change somebody?
I don't think it's going to sellout. There are quite a few tickets left at the moment.
If He Can Go A Whole Day Without Text Or Talking To You , You Must Not Be That Important To Him
Thanks! Good company!
I have so much stuff to do and I'm so damn tired.
OH. But I'm not no more and you always will be. Lmao.
One of the latest Google search algorithm changes helps determine the appropriate level of freshness for a given query = fresher results!
I can't even say nothin yo. Fuck I'm eating a big ass chocolate cake right now lol
Twitter is better because you're on here.
Who do you think should be the next #Bachelor or #Bachelorette? Our vote is for Chris or Tenley!
Fullerton with only 2 balls hit oppo all nite..very un-Titan like!
Roger Gilbert asks about analogy body and poem in "song of the broad axe" -- what is the downward "thrust"?
Smith would have had "direct engagement" with #occupypdx and had them redirect their energy into positive things
F.U. RT : Someone bring a broom to work monday. Paint it thunder blue!
YOU rock Chris! We're so glad you're happy with the program :)
Studying my life away in a coffeeshop window
DeLeo pledges to foster a "stable, predictable and transparent regulatory and tax climate."
#congressional leaders should be more interested in serving their constituents than in furthering their careers. Help me unseat
I love Easter because of all the ham and eggs and pie, but golf just takes away ALL THE JOY.
Attending the annual lantern lighting ceremony at the old north church; walmart a big sponsor of event; great way to cap off birthday.
Thanks for the mention! We love to read what our fans are drinking - and raise our virtual glass to them as well
I am not a morning person <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
thanks - they have a trial thinger so I'm giving that a shot!
I agree with that
we need to have #vapeproblems soon!
toss the tuna! Unless you wish to have an explosion at work tomorrow.
u really from the islands aint u lmao
Despite the rain we're having in the DMV, have a beautiful & blessed day.
walter's sounds like such a fun place! y'all have fun!
the founder of "Family Radio", has been saying for a while that "The Judgment Day will come on May 21, 2012."
my pleasure!
i have no idea!! its stupid i wish it was reeaall!!!!!
NEW MUSIC SOON!!! NEW ALBUM - NEW MONEY...
Hanging out with the New Paltz girls lovee them<3
$100 BOTTLES tomorrow of Grey Goose! Come grab a table from your favorite upscale nightclub!!! CHEAP NIGHT OUT! #We<3givingbacktoourfriends
I kno I Jus told my grandma that lmao Wow n u reply Wen I put that
Wait so you are tellin me Lebron missed two free throws at the end of the game and then playing Casper on final play n lettin chalmers shoot
is switching Wolfschmidt and Kamchatka vodkas to "Vodka Liqueurs" by using 10% sugar and 49% wine, lowering the price for both.
For the people...
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm, I the crown for the king and queen are KFC buckets lol
Packers are still beast no matter what!!!
Note to teenagers: All party animals need to get back in their cages before the zookeeper makes the night rounds
I feel gayer applying Chapstick than I do buttfucking another dude.
Cannot wait to see everyone's Halloween costumes this weekend ! We've already seen some real crazy stuff. Be safe out there !
MIKE! Get over right this instant, for mad jam!!! Playing live with u = dream come true. Hope you dig what we do! Best & success!
Welcome to Twitter, 's very own !!!!
Little kids every were at work!
Release date for Union Jack-painted Xbox 360 4GB Celebration- xbox 360
Ima dress up like darla one of these days ^-^ lol I already look like her minus the freckles <\3
Ever since I got bangs fooouuurrr of my five best friends got them.. Duuuuuuddddeee
No really that was gross..
Oh, no! Another Joshua/Phillip duet! And Maroon 5!
I wish i payed more attention in french earlier in the year
direction for new library card. placed holds on phone for homebound patron. renewed over phone. talked about adult programming with staff.
Happy cinco de mayo day! (:
Everyday I feel like i'm wasting away valuable time in college that I could use to better animals but that'll change soon. Pray for me
Congrats to our in-house Bride Irene! She looked stunning!
You guys have no idea how much I hate school , the subjects , the tests , and the teachers .
I get distracted easily.. could've swore I was just "studying" & somehow I ended up on twitter..
Dolly knows what's up. RT : I think that all creative people are a little bit nuts.
just remember he has to promise to take you to exotic locations. key.
too funny!
Had to stop by Walmart and get some pistachios #getcrackin'!
Wonderful news to read Leslie. Congrats! How are you feeling?
I'm just planning to follow 's coverage of the event. Oh wait . . .
New Costume Frannys Fifties Frock Costume for Adults
80 degrees and sunny at the office, 65 and foggy at my house.
Tropical Typhoon Mike and Ikes.
Tonight must be the night for everybody to trip & be all in they f.ckin feelings & shit... o_O
I luv nitrous at the dentist's office!
I think Austin and all his Mahomies at the other side of the world are sleeping right now. :$
#Oomf look like someone smacked her with paint chips
That shit was live!
Don't take a bad deal - great post by
Theme for the next Republican presidential debate: KISS makeup night?
I FORGOT ABOUT OOVOO BEBE IM SORRY :(
Last Train to Clarksville....
Press being urged "not to complicate" the Medicare/Social Security problem by writing that funds will be out of money
Supplier Growth Paves the Way for Additional Development over Next Five Years...
Oh my fuckin god its busy at sbux today
Corporate planners looking for last minbute meeting space? Great deals on last minutes!!
Cool. My daughter was too. :)
no problem ! :DD
Career night for #ross? Go Huskies B ball.
was that to anyone in particular? :)
Hm What would Jesus do?
Agree, but doesn't this feel a bit different?
ok joes is the best
Ah man Steve!!
You might regret it when he won't pick up when you call.
RT : It's time for #MaryMary! RT if you are watching :)
Cindy Clay is now reviewing concepts to wrap things up.
It's also the characteristic Markets value most in CEOs
My Little Birds is getting stares. This print’s rare!
I just got a VERY dirty image out of that.
need to go to bed lol
Food truck gathering this Friday the 13! Come out for dinner and Miss Twist Ice Cream!!!!!!!
RIP Greg Giraldo. Our thoughts go out to his friends and family
The best online photos might not be photos at all. I was asked why Apple's images look so nice. They might be computer generated 3D graphics
I'm desperately looking for someone to help me out. v.v
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What would your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b persistent!
I swear I'm not made for twitter. (im too private of a person) I'm not willing to share my life_ my thoughts...etc with others. I'm TRYING.
Trying to decide on a good wing place around here for the Super Bowl. Any ideas?
smacking ppl can b kinky ;) ;) ;) u kno u want it
Hi ! You found us! Thanks for following. :)
Thanks for making it to the reading at the York last year. I'm looking forward to you seeing the next incarnation of ToyMaker!
when ppl think theyre cool calling each others "niqquh" its racist and its not even cool the way you spell it we know that its a Q not a G..
plzz follow me I luv u so much u inspire me.
When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean conversation. - Samuel Johnson
A lot that ppl quote on here is a lot that they don't really do in reality # so stop rappin
don't wake daddy turns into don't wake baby
I'm picturing a herring wearing bowling shoes, and I'm so sad I missed it! Or maybe a whole bowling team of herrings...
Join me Sat. June 12th 9am-4pm Free Event for Fathers in Phila. Register today! www.FatherFest.com
Does anyone if the schedule changed wrt the Dead Weather? They are on at a different time on the YouTube broadcast schedule
FRI Dinner Soup Special: Parsnip Soup with Crispy Parsnip Strips & Basil Chiffonade
Ah nigga turnt up tonight me and my bro bought to do whatever we want we on 1 in these L.A. Streets
I haven't finished lost..
everyone dreams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far?? WE ALL LUV U--
I just love learning something new every day.
if "voodo" means "ability to bs your way through it"...
Playing the game "LIFE" lol
Parks & Rec hates libraries Leslie Knope 2012: she wants to close all libraries. Huge applause. :-(
I love your site!
I dnt like it when two bad pain joins in together and start toturing me... It suck
Thanks for the tweet. Good to hear from you again as well and thanks for the kind words. Hope all is well your way as well.
I'm wanting you to make me tie clips...
would you stand up or stand down?
If you give me chance I can love you right. But your telling me it wont be enought
Trapped in the closet chapters 1-22...
WHAT?? Is that for real??
iPhone and 3.0 software update available June 17.
I moved back to Miami.. and this time for good!!! I cant understand why I ever left! :-)
looks like you've found your new artwork
I'm almost 23 taking practice tests to get my driving permit. No not license, permit. Seriously, how did this happen, I was just 15 yrs old?
Selena,btw congratz and iv heard about u and justin bieber, i VERY happy for u guys I love u both and u guys r perfect <3
Saying a pray for Robin Gibb. I was in a Bee Gee video a few years ago and they were super nice and wonderful to me.
Nice - #Amazon updated their look and feel.. a bit more clean (see a little bit of Apple in there)
You gotta love sitting on hold, trouble shooting your dedicated servers! The life of a tech CEO :)
These are some of the raddest surf shots ever taken...what do you think?...
On the table - for some people, this is a big "no-no."
ill make it work
Awesome finally meeting u in person! RT : Great time on today talking with about the International...
it's the , you and should get on that, it's fun to finesse your iphone pics.
I really want Mondo to ride off on a unicycle.
: Thanks for the tip! I'm going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/pain prevention there too.
"Let’s stop acting like hollowed-out zombies, with BlackBerrys and iPhones replacing eye contact, handshakes and face-to-face conversations.
I am working with customer service so they can stop making these calls to you guys. We have a different arrangement.
ok movie critic over here! Haha jkkk thats true but yea avengers was something else.
can't go wrong with a spa visit
Hey ! Great job in Dick Whittington! You guys made it such a fun show to watch!
Fab Weekend, thanks again for the ride home :)
gorgeous hotel rooms!
trying to be productive with my school work.. it's not working out.. LOL xD
Yeah!! : We've been invited to participate in milwaukee's 1st ever on 5/10 at museum!
Being violated by characters at Disney. Cool
This shyt suck yo. Goodnight everybody
thank you for spreading the word :)
Man, just talking with you on the phone inspires me to get back to Twitter! I'll try to keep up.
okay thanks & tell him before 11 because im really tired .
Sharks are born swimming
Blue shirts are on fire tonight! LET'S GO RANGERS!!
Awesome... my poptart that I brought for lunch just hit the floor. Both of them!!!
Thanks for the battery jump! We couldn't have made it home without it. When is your next event?? GO ICE RAYZ INTERN TEAM "B"
When youre sittin in a church parking lot and your windows fog up to reveal how many penises have been drawn on them
I got 3 tickets dismissed so only had to pay 20$ hellz yeah!
merry christmas!! and yeah! we have a white christmas over here. did you guys get snow?
The Packers looked old and slow in that '07 NFCCG and by Packers I mean Favre, makes me appreciate even more
Music is the language for the soul.
Anytime. Perfect with the sun! Loved the chat & excited!!! Jesus will provide the water, sun and everything for the Seed! ;)
“: These 1800 Tequila commercials are the worst.”- The Disaronno ad is much much worse.
OH: Donald Trump in the projects winking at me
you need to come for the first weekend of march madness. Best weekend out there for sports betting.
#NICE2012 was awesome. This Hoosier enjoyed experience of networking with 300 Chicago Land Educators, thanks for the kind words!
Mr.D's new years resolution is to make sure we have 100% customer satisfaction on every job we do. www.mrdspainting.com "we love to paint"
we writing tracks in the Mornin' #RickRossMixtape coming soon!
I am crazy
lol nah wrong Domo! But I didn't u didn't text me & u kno u didn't! Text me now let's see who lying
Some nights the live-tweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
Dazzle your mind and watch records get broken at the 2-day #Prius record challenge -LIVE- www.toyotapriusprojects.com/records/
It's time to whip this body back into shape! (Anyone got a whip? Or a gun to put to my head?)
We need more people like you standing up for woman and calling out abusive slime like
But you're right. And studios will ultimately spend more on security and DRM technology than on reformatting.
that is next level!
Got a gig this Thursday at Trophy's in Austin, TX! Show starts at 10pm!
Everyone I know is beautiful and deserves to be happy. Especially you. Take care of yourself. Tell anyone I said this, and I'll deny it.
ok fam~~trying to build my followers in my area~~~~can I have some helpful hints!!! Help the "new bird" out...please! See you tonight
You guys should add Cool guy. Wizard at social media. Helping me customize my profile.
Girls Rub on Your Tities...Yeah I Said It...Rub on Your Tities...
Oh, no. It totally will. ABC needs it but I'm just surprised that it hasn't happened yet.
#NowPlaying –DJ John Rizzo –Leona Lewis–Collide
Ive lost 7lbs since i started to eat meat again!!!!
false. if there is evidence of criminal activity, they will conduct an investigation please tell me you arent a law student
look up my friend Brady Miller on Facebook.. Good web designer for you..
Welcome new followers, I look forward to tweeting with you!
Ha! claims he is:"The People's problem-solver." Reality: He's "The People's Problem"
Can I get a RT? I'm a big fan, I swear to God I am!
just have house stuff to do but I can make time for F-U-N!!! <U+E312><U+E310><U+E409><U+E32E><U+E327>
I am so bad, I swear. My fangirlness has reached another level
it's 's birthday today!!! Please wish her a happy birthday!! It'd mean so much!!<3
I don't care where we go as long as we're dancing
Houston traffic is epic...so much that the one night I was cussing when I met Dave and for beers
leaving to pick up free sandwiches for our #ZimboFilm shoot tomorrow.
It’s Funny Fish time: What’s a sea serpent’s favorite meal?…Fish and ships!
LMFAO holy shit I can't.. you're retarded
LMAO even if you know hardly nothing about "Love On Top" every man woman and child knows when to say "BRING THE BEAT IN..."
Great effort by Southern Miss. Really wanted those guys to pull that one off. Heckuva season.
Come out! Come out! Come out to our LINE DANCE CLASS tonight at 7pm! For more information, check out the flyer below!
Me...myself...&& I laying in his bed watching the game
you put yourself on the Truman Show by tweeting.
Another site needs minor update thanks to ie9 but oh wait that opens a whole other can o' worms.
STAY FRESH and Good Morning world.
Heart in one place, Mind in another...
Pat Houston "She stayed grounded in the word"....let's all do that...Stay Grounded in the word of Jesus Christ....even when death comes!
BTW, when do you leave for the Bahamas? Should I wait until you get back to send anything?
They Always Do Thaat ! But I Heard Some 7th Grader Kicked The Old Hagg Lol.
So having back support makes a 100x difference. I don't know how I could stand sitting in a chair for 8 hours without it
It must Incredible To Wake Up In The Mornings And Realise That There Are 22 million Little Monsters That Would Die For You
Quasi-honeymoon in Maplewood, NJ! So psyched to chill w sis/bro-n-law/niecey at their new spot for a few, suburbia is exactly the vibe
I SWEAR TO GOD IF JUSTIN DOESNT WIN THIS IMMA HAVE TO KILL SOME1 LIKE 4 REAL
Yep, where was it from?
Save this tweet #LAKERS lose tonite to #NUGGETS 105 to 103 take it to the bank stone cold lock!!! GOOD NITE NOW!!!!!
Marino is coming back
Laying out on my hammock, I can hear the Lobo football team yelling and grunting. I hope this translates into some wins.
Might have to do this without LaMichael, at least at full speed. Appears to be favoring right leg/hamstring coming off field again.
Marathon of Boy Meets World...my day is made! :)
the bee gets lost and perishes
Although today is my birthday, I can't find any excuse not to work. "Make Moves, Not Excuses" - Scottie Spits
thanks for that - never been to that one!
finishing up the weekend. the unit is on tonight. how long til football season
What a game! #gostars!
you kicked his ass i hope ;)
Opportunity is a bald man with a beard: You can catch him coming, but you can't catch him going.
Loving the love from battle - we won our round! We can't attend (busy busy) but it was great to get in there...
Oh shit! Liquor n my veins tryna find the green!.
I think I missed something, why is everyone mad??
OMG the grilled cheese lunch special is amazing!!
now the pac man needs to stop being a bitch and accept the fight
Randy Wade for sheriff is in attendance as well
It's coldAf in this house !
hanging out, heading over to get the damn muffler check
1st hit off Lester. A cheapie.
At the Northwest Leadership Summit about to hear Fierce Conversations author Susan Scott Lenore speak.
I want to see Emily with Jack at least once, even though Nolan is my favorite.
love you too!!
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kungfu skills were the stuff of legends.
R U 4REAL SOMBODY REALLY GAVE ROC A TOOTH BRUSH#MESSED-UP XD<- <- GOT THAT FROM MY SIS HUNNI#PARTYROCKIN HARD
Thanks for the follow!! =)
Off to for 's interview!
Blood sugar crashed to 40 while asleep. Woke up in pool of sweat. Thank you to Pepsi for bringing me back to life.
Blown away by the candor, humor, and writing in You're Not Doing it Right, new book by
we're in Chicago!
Sweeter in Tennessee <3
Goga El Paso just signed our 100th member! Been open 3 weeks! Wooohooo! Thank you EP!
Wow I kind of hate the generic brunette doing this Megabus video. Surely this much smiling is unnecessary.
That awkward moment when taio cruz does not throw his hands up in the air while saying ayo.
Hell yes.
trying to figure that out :) let me know what your work schedule is like that week too :)
Back on the grind after 3 insane weekends
That kinda thing makes a man go m hm<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Yes, I miss Dave, too! His comedy was brilliant!
Goose Kallunki of UVU is 6'5 236 btw..the more I learn about the Wolverines the more I love!
who tryna get faded
too many things.. Chris and I are in the middle of buying a condo, I'm getting my MBA and planning a wedding. Phew. You??!
pretty great!! I need to hang out with you guys asap! Let me know when you go out next
“As a poet, there is only one political duty, and that is to defend one's language from corruption.” <U+2015> W.H. Auden
Good GOD u hit the spot
Jay rock murdered it...
Is not turning the heat back on tonight. Placing want ad for inexpensive professional cuddler tomorrow.
Maybe they will find Gwen Moore, we have not seen her in Milwaukee for a long time!
hey terri :)
I will rather be happily single than be unhappily taken(': .
?In every forest, on every farm, in every orchard on earth, it<U+FFFD>s what<U+FFFD>s under ground that creates what<U+FFFD>s above ground
beauty and the best?
Woah woah woah, cool your jets on the #badsister. You have known this info for awhile too, you just don't listen.
yea that does sound good wit some goodies lol
The grog shop is shady as hell
I really hope I'm doing this right.
Great lighting!
Martz needs to tell Haine that he needs to hike the ball before the click hits :00
Oh yeah I have exams today.. I'll try to make the best of this day.. See y'all later(:
Raiders just became a free movie.... that is if they can get the code and get the movie started. I feel bad for these guys.
Because was a guest with I will draw an additional winner. Stand by...
thank you so much! you are so awesome. we need as much support as possible right now, so we.love.you. <3
Katie she likes staying up late haha :)
Gotta unravel the pieces to the puzzle to build it up again I suppose cuz the show is getting stale.
Oh my Adele! You are making me cry!
Home and in bed feeling blah is not how I wanted to spend my evening. Oh well.
You definitely rocked it out! 1-month to a new you!
I smoke a box of blunts for breakfast AYE! & I woke up like hue Hefner AYE!!
Still cant believe me and meet today! Its crazy! THANK YOU SO MUCH! <3
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down <3
Thanks! Stop in if you're ever back for a visit!
I hated you the first tweet.
Thanks for the add!
Beat The Pussy Down Do It On The Ground <U+263A>
Informative discussion w/ about DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) techniques w/ #eecms! Tune in Thurs (5/3) 11am MT, 1pm ET!
Stoney LaRue has a great pandora station.
& of the difficulty Africans have had in getting their voices & visions heard & seen. (Maybe things are changing.)
I got #23 and #02. That's a start :)
Looking for a #socialmedia intern,,, any references?
On Fox News, Megyn Kelly is interviewing her own OB-GYN. Talk about navel-gazing....
yes, it's true! is publishing J.K. Rowling's adult novel! A very exciting day at Hachette!
I think I may have been talking to too much. My tweets have gone from pessimistic to optimistic. I definitely like the change.
Our very own , , & is having a book signing right now at the #CBCF conference in DC
I'm sure it is but he can get a better lay of the land and who he might to be behind or not
": The Tao of Parking in Chicago...I'm writing this book."what is it?
sorry, but I can only follow you back if tweets are in English and readable.
Yep. You need to see Esteban.
That is an intriguing offer... seems like it'd be asking a lot, though
I do love the #Bulls and #OKC :) that was my finals pick - but clearly with #DRose out of the picture not sure how thatll go
Info overload def changed: From 'I'm going to fall down gibbering' to 'I need to process more information.'
Thanks for the follow! Therese
you keep making me cry! DAMN! Big hugs SQUEEZE Big Smooches MUAH!
-___- RT : If you're around my sister, Taylor Jones please tell her to call me at: 773-875-0043
Drug rehab, not TX prairie
Bill Evans, just unreal no matter how much you check him out!
old people arent allowed in the west.
hello !!!! my colur favorite is blue . what is your colour favorite ?
Our next show is September 8th at the Mint in LA with The Memorials (members of Mars Volta)......
Community Meal returns tomorrow, Wed. Sept. 14, at 6:30. Plan to stick around for the Living Energy Farm party with Bulgarian Rhapsody.
i love how carol has not replied <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Congrats on getting 100,000 followers
. And then Reagan proceeded to gin of fears of the Soviets in order to justify ballooning defense spending.
Found in #ReferenceUniverse: “Abigail Adams on Sally Hemings” in Women in Early America
Moreso why is it that the ohws are the most remembered anyway? Is it better to be a artist who has staying power or a more memorable ohw?
thanks chele!! ;-) I gotta get home to see everyone soon!!
stuntin is a habit RT : Why do guys think it's acceptable to spit in the street. I'm so grossed out
enjoyed a quick tour hosting a BBC News website reporter. I love it when the world comes to #Detroit for #NAIAS!
Dinner & drinks downtown? It's a beautiful night for strolling through the City.
somthing people need to stop doin is talking about in a bad way,what have the done to you?
ah "the place to be"
Oh! So you were at the airport, too! Where were you coming from?
"use deffinetly in a sentance" "are there lumps in farts" "no" "than i deffinetly $#!% my pants"
I haven't seen Fincher's yet. I loved the Swedish version, and I love Fincher. I think I have room in my heart for both
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf it stings when you pee
I just wanna know who kills Daniel??
If parents say, "Never take candy from strangers" then why do we celebrate Halloween?
they're at the Westin o'hare in rosemont. That's where my last concert was, I've been there. GAH
- thanks! just posted a pic of the #NACUA run.
The key to friendship w/ God is not changing what you do, but changing your attitude toward what you do. Do everything as an act before God.
Finally saw Drive and am now desperate to acquire the soundtrack as soon as humanly possible. Fun movie, but the use of music is brilliant.
Wait, Chloe? Do you mean Zoe?
bring like 13 just in case. But 10 should be fine. Who were you planning on taking??
Doing more things FASTER - is no substitute for Doing The RIGHT Things!
Okay now your Putting tape in my hair?
Thanks for following ! Hopefully we can work together soon!
well... I have a date next weekend cx
Best leader you ever coached?
I am a new man now. I forgive you
Court officer to p atty: no need to split jury pizza cost." No lunch break. They gotta be ready to announce...
i still do.. :) but i don't know that song though, nor any other Taylor Swift song :p
A great family party will be held today in her honor with her children, grands and great grand. Happy 91st Birthday to the greatest MoM ever
My contribution ...
Leaning against a railing on the second floor at a gym is a great idea! Let's do it again, bro -_-
Well, looks like I'll be out of a phone until a new one comes in. :(
Chatting with a day care center about their food allergy children. Over 20% of the center. #1 Peanut Allergy #2 Egg Allergy #3 Milk Allergy
your welcome
I'm out of #haskell practice & getting the Data.Enumerator types right is hurting my brain. Also I keep typing "None" when I mean "Nothing".
You would RT that.
what I get from this is transfers can make it far easier on themselves by handling it internally rather than through the media.
Villa di Capo (on Central)
I don't really have much choice :L
Doing much better other than a flat tire yesterday. Lol.
omg do it and take video!
Morning to #oomf that's says the realiest shit everyday.
I think I saw Boots Riley in the crowd! Oakland
can i get a goodnight tweett? (: pleaassee
Straight from Carbondale, IL a fave: "Women lawyers from Illinois," that'd be Myra Bradwell. Headed to DC!
My gf is tinting my car windows for my birthday
hahahhaha I just laughed so hard at this. I seriously love you
thanks Karyn! I'm lucky to share kiddies with her! “: talk about beautiful!”
Congrats on the epic finish too bad the feed died so we couldn't see it!
You ROCK!! The next time I'm in ATL we have to meet!!
We keep it more private though omfg
Ok time for bed. Goodnight all!
amare only punched the fire extinguisher to put out the heat.
Definitely! We'd love to meet up!
Pockets on loud
Auto-following people is scary. You end up following some people that you would not want to, EVER
pick sense out of nonsense...
thanks for the rt. :)
I plan on joining the army soon.
Still hope lets get this game
shit. We were just tryna drank!
hey! Sorry about going dark. How are you?
you had me excited when you knew a zoolander quote.. And then disappointed me when you didn't know the last one..
I wanna cuddle with someone ugh fml
IF THERE WAS A CAR THERE I WOULD HAVE STOPPED!
I like his shoes O: <3
The official ARTS Non-Profit FB Page !
people have done worse for love.
and I don't eat mac n cheese either...this is insane man!
You must make a guest appearance in the policy class soon. Jack is carrying the "feisty" banner, and he needs backup.
thanks love!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
People change, I've learned to stay to myself! :/
Msm won't report will cremate Garcia in Fall. They want Democrat Garcia win”
"The success of the American alligator conservation program in the United States is second only to that of the Bald Eagle." Now you know.
glad I try to make things difficult
I'm Chris this is my solo project called hope in disguise :) its pop music
Quote: We make our decisions and then our decisions make us - R. W. Boreham
an accesory to murder would go great with this outfit
Part of Yahoo's problem might be that it's homepage looks like it's still 1999...
only you & yours could make me laugh through this nasty flu. Thanks for the chunk blowing guffaws.
That would be my guess. Their actions continually befuddle me.
Had a terrible experience at the in Pentagon City. It was disorganized, the staff was rude, and my order was incorrect to boot.
Gotta say I'm loving the new stuff I'm hearing.
hi, friend! Had an awesome time. Will go again soon. And 5 weeks??? I thought I smelled bad after two days...
Thank you, , for the follow and the information. Have a great weekend.
Done inquiring about what they obviously want keep hush hush,so notice the slick backing away & removal I pull,<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>moonwalking like Mike
hey found sweet place for photo workshop thing.
#paranormalwitness is a scary show! O__o
There is already a cottage industry of PE which finances class action lawsuits - Crowdfunding defense actions must be sprouting already
DMC from Run DMC will be on around 1:15 make sure you are listening!!
do you think Romney could have a conversation about who is the best character in "The Wire"?
Work, then fam jam, then yet another paper. Hello overnight no.2.
Big thanks to our event supporters! Coconut water ever!.
Got it-- I had an old email saying you guys might be interested in TV too. I'm a big fan of Tosh.0, keep up the good work!
to girl how was ya Fla trip??
9 minutes between Blue line trains during rush hour. WTF?
Bless you for the good works you are manifesting through Christ for the sake of children in developing countries.
Pretty detailed for this to just be a rumor. Not ideal, but I'll take it! I bet that means another long wait for new eps.
: lol #NoBiggie. #Baltimore will miss you!
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 5
Hey guys, just a reminder... your dad jizzed inside of your mom. Bye!
staying up late tonight to vote for !
RIP EMJ , much love
I Look At All These Famous Guys That Have So Much Respect For Girls,&Then I Look At The Boys At My School? Smh! Why Can't They Be Like That?
wait. what?!?
i understand! got mine in the mail last week so i've been practicing wearing them in my apt haha
He's got blood. He's destined for greatness.
and to love you is to know me
lol I don't even have that app on this phone. Hold up
International Women's Day Banquet NOW @ Mt. Vernon Post Hall.
TRIVIA THURS: He was cast as Curly in THE THREE STOOGES: THE MOVIE but dropped out because he didn't want to gain weight for the role
This it's not good :(
what would you do without me dood
bro you don't even tweet.!
roots? Sounds lime a roadtrip is in order!
REALLY?!?! Snapbacks and Tattoos?!?!? *turns off mtv jams* smdh
Took A Week Off But Now Itz Time 2 Get Back 2 Da Routine. Workin On Dis New Joint..
NO NOT YET WISH I COULD SAY HE HAS ARRIVED
Phil Otten fr #CISCO at podium with some levity
I'm not going to take sides in the emerging dispute between and Either way it goes I think the fans lose.
I want to talk so bad about my roommate right now
looking good! Who worked on design?
Bring it back bring it back! ;D
Quick I need to know if there is cover at empire???
mount kisco was crushed. No power and no heat. Con Ed not helping and not even in town working. Young kids and no heat not good
Hey you, welcome to Twitter:)
& I cite him not because of his music, but bcuz hes a longtime NYer whose perception of NYC is very similar 2 mine/Herzog/etc
lmfao u can have it! I'm allergic
M.I.A.... meilleur rappeuse du moment j'attend son concert grave...
Mt 10 year old has her new recorder from school & is driving her older sisters crazy. Ahh...family love.
I'll carry you home, tonight.
“: I Love How God Works!! Thank You Jesus!!” WE AGREE. I TRUST YOU JESUS.
Well then!! -- whipping out the credit card right now ;-)
Artists donated their paintings to be burned? Whut? Regardless, good luck to them...
what a doll - love her hair color!
yeah, if I has some $ making secret, I wouldn't share ; )
Today's Question: What is a cluster or bunch of bananas called?
Finished #reading Henning Mankell's Italian Shoes this morning - a powerful novel that'll stick with me for a long time.
I don't find Barbie offensive. I like those American Girl dolls though. I have boys so I guess it doesn't matter
LOVING THE FACT THAT #FERNANDOTORRES IS TRENDING WORLD WIDE! #CFC GOING TO CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINALS!
the waialae bball courts are a good place to learn noseslide-crooks type tricks cause the ledges are so rounded
how's the CTDV port to PC coming? Have a target completion date yet? :)
I seriously have the best boyfriend <3
Every story needs a “poster face”. Real, relatable people will drive your message home. No story is worse than one without relatable people.
No idea what he's talking about. via "I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by."-Douglas Adams
Looks like Flowers in the Attic is on Netflix streaming. I know what I'll be doing for the next two hours. (Watching Flowers in the Attic).
yo I just realized this, u misspelled "catching" lmao...
Growth is good! In 2011 our interpreter pool > 33% and hours of interpreting by 15%! Languages offered grew too, check out our list!...
Save your #locks! To prevent #hairloss, always rinse your hair with cold water after washing. #squeakyclean!!!
Thank you, thanks for having us!
Penalty My foot....Killing the game will stop watching Champions
"the smithsonian is the ultimate hoarder"
Welcome new followers: , , , , , Like us on Facebook!
Great to hear! Thx 4 coming out - hope to see you at more WPA programming soon!
I am way more than a little. Haha. They are SO cute :)
I have a feeling you can rock that poodle skirt pretty hard!
lost 5 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 20 pounds so far.
Lady Gaga's Wake!
RT : not until next month <<Yee I'm dead already hit my agent up. Lmao!! Okay!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
creativity is subtraction
you told me too dumby
I just signed a lucrative contract to be the exclusive grower of spider leg length nose hairs.
Oprah should make her own brand of tissues...she is missing a gold mine
Get control of your $$Money w/a FREE 8-week course each Wednesday, starting TODAY! Boise Library (620 N Fremont) 6-7pm. RSVP at 503.916.6139
Ricky Gervais has lost weight, and had his vest tailored to show off his trim new waist and he looks like he has a nice hour-glass figure.
#cauldroncity I'll be there to administer your 401k plans and place mutual fund trades!
Today in 1994, a sad for #MLB as the #WorldSeries was cancelled due to the strike of baseball players that began in August.
“: I need to start praying more...”
8 sounds like the lucky number.
All about magazines this morning. "This is the age of engagement, and we embrace it," Stephanie George of Time Inc.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe. -Robert W. Service
ahahaah, I know everything <3 Sleepover soon. Stop forgetting about me D:
I loved your guys food the other night at Lux Art Institute! Big Up to Quality Gastro-Trucks world wide! Andy @ ARTS
hello sis how are you doing today
“: Bored out of my mind if someone wants to come over” same bro
oh good. I was gonna say... No squirrel for me.
A black man has to work 20x's as hard as a white man just to get to the same place in the business world!
same kinda... My twin died when I was 13
Getting "let-go" from was such a blessing, cause now I can go snowboarding more on the weekends!
hm! Sounds guud...
I am a collating MACHINE.
Oh it's getting deep!!!!
...kinda. Wait, didn't I just tell you to not do that?! ;)
have u been saving for one tho? Lol ;)
It<U+FFFD>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
idk. It just happened.
Buying Jeffery Cambells tonight!!!! Which color should I get ?!
Being great is not doing better doing what others do. Being great is being better doing what others don't do.
Hello Giants defense...come in please
Might kill somebody and YouTube it, whoever think they better than me they too stupid !
RT BREAKING: Hologram Tupac just put up 25 on the Charlotte Bobcats.
#ChavezVieneABuscarRopa y un paquetico de Harina P.A.N.
Registration runs from 8 to 5 today... Level two.
RT : How fucking cool, Robert K. Elder ( ) started following me before I followed him. His book is...
Oddly, there are several overlapping things I want to attend on Friday at 4.
send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists.
Let’s turn the Red in Feb! Sign up NOW to show your support for the women who died & those who survived
Omg my lord
Happy Brithday Ace! You're such an inpiration to me man. Thanks for all you've done & are going to do.
Cruisin to Charlotte
TRAFFIC: Jack Knifed semi - SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
Watching those throwback NYR games on MSG makes me wanna play some NHL94
This is why im moving *
hopefully things work out..and I know the feeling of just wanting one person..its hard but you'll find away to be with her
I work for you now. :D Yay! :D
I'm not too far to come over there right now and regulate
had a pretty fantastic lacrosse date night with (;
At least the Winter Solstice is tomorrow and days only get longer. #bringonsummer!
Thank you, thank you, & likewise #ff w the good stuff: & !
have tons of work to do but instead I'm bummin around watching
RT : Q4: >> How do you measure agent productivity? Agent's adherence to schedule is a critical measure w/in our org
Dean is just a stupid mofo that can't learn! All selling his soul and stuff then getting killed after John died to save him
This song makes me all emotional.. Nshit
#bieberfact Justin LOVES vitamin water. RT if you do too!
Heinz Productions is casting Extras 4 MTV show The Inbetweeners. More information... e-mail .
#MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs crew love :)
no way! I love paying tons of money to see everything in 3D. hahah
I got so horny in one of my classes today!! Stroking my dick about now haha :)
Hhahahahhahahahahaha...Jst finish recording my new single..
Anybody who changes their name to ochocinco should probably be drug tested regularly not randomly
Has anyone tried Weight Watchers? Thinking about trying it for 3 months, online.
Thanks2 #Baltimore 4 coming on board as a media sponsor 4 Rock to Rebuild, the #Haiti relief concert on Feb 11 @ the Meyerhoff
u look hot!!LOL;)
With the freed up cap space we can sign two max-contract guys..
which Gus
Best news of the week!
Tonight:THE BIG PAYBACK, BLACK GIRLS, DJ PHIL DICE Doors 8pm $10
Why is she still teaching?...
Eagerly anticipating my turkey burger with swiss, thousand island and #glutenfree bread from #HappyFriday to me!
The less skilled the player is, the more likely he is to share his golf swing.
my car would probably run better on a 40oz. Than this Arco crap
MY FEET ARE COLD AGAIN! AHH
#offline gonna to L.A hottest cluubbb.. bye miis ya all).
So many of our dreams at 1st seem impossible, then...improbable, & then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable. -Chris Reeve
Next #codeforoakland project: FreeXchange, which includes mobile web app and SMS access to
Come on Bulls lets hold this Yes!!! I love the under dog
We do! Maybe I should check out #Narrative next year?
Don't forget! Wednesday nights are buy one get one burritos withthe purchase of a drink! $2 Mexican cervezas as well!
No I'm just kidding about my last tweet. Just practicing.
prolly chillin at the holiday in RT “: What Chingy up to these days??? #random”
This stupid laptop would turn off on me the day I'm actually studying. FUCK MY LIFE
Morning twitter off to work
ARG. I thought it was you. Sorry!!
am I too old to learn guitar? I'm a sarcastic sweet young 41 & feel like its too late to learn what I've loved all my life?
On the horizon at Nameless Sound.... Konk Pack, John Butcher & Joe McPhee, Kobuku Senju, and The Thing... all in the coming months!
thanks for following!!
Kevin Spacey needed a fill-in gig.
Another round to toast the life of an inestimable provocateur: Christopher Hitchens was a man devoted to the life of mind. Thank you, Hitch.
: --No doubt Hoffman started wide. But Union struggles in attack hurt him. Best chances came on set pieces. RT
RT - The Oakland Raiders will beat the New England Patriots sunday
nope too far away
& present Boilerplate & Frank Reade artwork for 1st Thursday 6:30 tonight at City of Books.
There comes a day when you rectify who you are and who you want to be with.
Still trying to figure out what merchant service would be best for me? Think I may need it this year, soon.
My parents are being the jokesters tonight. #youguysarehilarious .....
"The most imp. practice in the world is the one u actually do." RickHanson, on choosing the "right" spiritual practice.
what band? Wanna share a bill?
you are rght, it couldn't be smiling at midnight
next friday fur suure! bring your drinking talents :p
Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime.
Drink more yummy tea instead?
: THANK SO MUCH <3
i think i'll be coming that way sometime very soon, like 2 or 3 weeks maybe
Lady who cut my hair said I looked handsome with it short. It would've helped my self esteem if I didn't give $12 & if she wasn't 150 yrs.
Tyler the Creator is #SomeoneIWantToMeet :p
Not any better today with this #cold . . . I think its flu-like symptoms. And remedies?
I couldn't get link to work. Do we know what shelter or what town in NC? Not sure I can do much for mama but maybe pups.
Its ignorance that wont allow the listeners to Listen.
Don't look at what you don't have. Look at what you have. Learn to appreciate the little things of life. (daryldorsey.com)
Troy Chamber board meeting complete (great group of people, btw), off to Lansing!
's car is pretty amazing
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge :)
nice color
*croons* "Looking up statistics on sexual physics, sex-u-al physics, oh baby"
Super great conversation with Tierney from Canadian libraries: get ready!
what's in the plans for tomorrow?
how much? Just for a extraction?
I AM REALLY MADD!
Finally beat on NBA live 2010!!!!
The problem with girls is that we fall for the boys who give us the sweetest words that they never really mean.
You are very welcome. We saw your blog post earlier in the week - glad you and your friends enjoyed the evening!
let me get one?
Was this shit in the forecast?
I wanna see the second one!
BULLSHIT! You will get your Censure soon enough, But you said & meant CENSOR.
It's not
We made an account for are idols thats doing something! Just cause we ddnt make a song :( like beliebers did were still smilers
Stand by what you want and how you want and eventually you get it
Bart is a very strange looking adult
Short day long night. Let's get it!
A girl and her infinite books www.loveisabook.com
Tennessee game again Saturday...(:
When you're forever happy that the seniors are graduating. GTFOH.
Seriously?!? I want to catch it!
If your word ain't nothing then you ain't nothing! We as believers must uphold our word like our Father does! We are speaking spirits
Anybody want to golf today let me know!
Dang. Its a purrttty picture xD i was boutta cry. I forgot you have to click the band to see what(cont) <FixMyHeart;*>
I seen you woman!
the way I'm feeling, the things I say, all just happen when you pass my way
What can I say? Just an amazing day here in Chicago!
Thanks for taking the time to explain! You're awesome! It makes much more sense now.
Scout on : "Get him on a team as a No. 2, if the No. 1 gets hurt, he’ll never get his job back." -- I would have to agree
So true & good suggestions. RT The Wait For Your Own Classroom
It's gonna b 80 degrees today. Someone should tell those squirrels to get outta my attic n go play, enjoy the day, outside
: you should join joe and I!!! When u coming to NYC??
Get the office together for Happy Hour: 2-4-1 drinks until 8. 1/2 $ apps at the bar until 7. Great food and awesome people.
((careful if ya tell chris you've seen christian kane live..im not responsible for peeling him off ya *winks* ))
We may only have tonite, but till the morning sun you're mine all mine . xx
Please suggest a movie for me, so that I can find out if you have terrible taste.
Here's my thing with #bachelor Courtney, she referenced "kill shot" when talking bout the girls. That's not being "defensive" that's too far
thanks Frank, each day is a new adventure!
That's one of those places where you can be a regular for a year and they would never hook it up on the tab.
What does my 60 year old client know about riri #cake?lol
If MLB season ended now (but it doesn't), all four WC teams would come out of AL/NL East...
finally learned what Hands Clean by Alanis Morissette meant its amazing wat searching info will do for ya
thanks so much for helping the newb here!
I'M SORRY BUT WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME SCOTT FOLEY WAS GOING TO BE ON ?!? From Felicity to True Blood. I still LOVE him.
Critical thinking on Randi: Just imagine headlines if this had instead been the conduct of someone affiliated with a Psi research scientist
If I can't have it, none of you mufuckas can!
haven't read details of & steelers; but with current 37,000 likes on his FB post; impressed with his social media presence.
is so RUDE ugh who is this girl!!
2 of my cats had abortions today.. went in to get fixed came out having abortions, CRAZINESS!
Blues sky should mean bluebird days on the slopes this weekend. #whitepass cabin here I come. #cabinlifeisgood #
so what is new in 1.8
that worries me too. Playing it safe. Til its safe.
Great metting you last night. Had I known you shaved your head would ahev taken more photos. The wig looked great.
what?! Jds was just there and says it's amazing, so jealous, have fun!
i love you Justin :)
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXOXOXO
I'm going to hide me an emergency blunt for days like this :-(
OMG Jamelle I actually just broke into a sweat I am so angry. wtf washington post. wtf.
babe! i love you more! : ) so glad i found you. you're perfect! .::muah::.
not sure how many diseases I am catching while cleaning this bathroom...
I'm on my way to softball! wish me luck? <3
Getting Chipotle dinner with Sorry to and in advance if we're in burrito comas for the show...
Happened to my hubs in October - in 1 single day, we received a total of 27 solicitations through phone and mail!
I am surprised to find out the iPad is making me more productive. Ipad owners: i highly recommend these 2 apps: Todo and iThoughtsHD
Haha. I agree! I think shes been spending 2 much time around Lil Wayne. Every time I see him he gets weirder than the last time
Anoyone want to tweet back and forth I'm bored
you text me. 4023158778
If SRO were to do a tribute to two artists, one of which was Muse, what other artist would be complimentary?
No, because I wasn't born in 1969, but I like where your head is!
Colorado State Rams 3/8 ' ‘Graphic Ram ’ Post Earrings – Sterling Silver Jewelry
": BRB = I don't want to talk to you. LOL = I have nothing else to say. Cool = I don't care."
Workaholics are addicted to activity; superachievers are committed to results ~ Charles Garfield
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
almost ate some bad mango. would have been the 3rd time food tried to kill me in 3 years. i don't like being yellow and the meds are nasty
Oakland faces a 50% budget cut to its arts funding: Action @ City Council @ Special Budget Session, Thurs, Apr 1, 2010, 7 pm
So nice to run with you yesterday. Incredibly amazed by you! I hope your legs are well =) XOXO
as KnowNewspapers says:No matter where you get your news, it probably began as a newspaper story. Pass it on. www.KnowNewspapersPetition.com
In Columbus, participating in an Advancement conference...
Thank you!! xx RT Love your blog. Charming title.
right! Adam was like ayy there's Eddie! We were headed back to the studio after doing a show at some middle school lol
I know. lmao I think it's funny
that is my friend's backyard, he turned it into an ongoing, recycled art, masterpiece.
Only 12 more days till Christmas!!!
you're welcome bro and yeah we can get to know each other ! :)
What is this, Seattle?
BEST. I want this on a poster. RT "I just took it upon myself to not let my team lose." - Casper Ware
Oh my gosh, i ordered some mail-order russian brides when i was drinking, and they are here now. I dont know what to do
I want him to move back so very bad and his mahomies need him and his best friends need him:((I cried for hours
It's not playing, stuck on pause.
Hey what's up that was funny that thing wit your dad lol Hmu i would love to chat with you
: Nope, ha, i jus need somn ta talk to lol
Sorry, I've been lagging behind with College starting up, don't you fret thought. lets get 455 more people to follow! Giveaway then!
RT “Tonight is the beginning of the end of the disappointments of the Obama years.” -- Romney in Manchester, NH
It's Reality TV Entertainment at its best :) (ps how are things going for you guys? our Kivi group has gone silent!)
RT : I'm still calling mine iPad3 I don't care what anybody says.Could be a good aftermarket for stickers :-)
Working with the lovely on an #RSA13 panel abstract. early modern women's social networks.
RT: I let her wear it Lol why?»Cuz I wanted one & she was tryna floss.
wtf why did no one tell me that thomas kinkade died??
I am!
#WELL DONE 1D being in the arena watching the boys sing made me cry my heart out
Congrats, Sherry!
Decorate yourself from the inside out... As BEAUTY grows from the INSIDE and spreads OUT.... LIKE A FLOWER....
Nothing like "lions breath" to clear the head. What am I talking about? Be the first to answer and win a free Xpress Massage...
"I poured through every song I wrote, every line I cried, every note that was spilled with this pen."
I would retweet this....but your twitter is set to private
As of now, I'm going to see the Artifacts on the 20th alone. If anyone wants to go, it's a pretty early show and gona be dope!
Get ready for : rear view life mix tape
I bet they do , do you get them in your sleep ?
In Indy going to the children's museum with the fam
Hahahaha one direction.
A2: Also outsourced “cloud” services, such as student email & LMS.
What about Charles Barkley over David Robinson
looking for contacts via linkedin and saw an oddity. someone actually had -1 (yes negative one) connections??? messy divorce? #shegotitall??
Lmao he is officially the funniest rapper cause Twitter made him that after today RT : Niggas got fuccd up
fuckin hate everyone
Seattle announced new arena plan looking buy or move a team there
Sweet. “: Everything's getting the #humanize treatment these days. It's encouraging. #diginow12”
American Music Club is the amongst the best sad music ever.
Oh shit, the Wood is about to come On! !!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 4
#FemalesOutHereShapedLike Big black thinkin there thick .
I Want Some Hot Wings Right Now Nd Then Sum.
Thanks for the follow. His Wife's Diary sounds like my kind of story.
horse power, horse power, all this polo on i got horse power!
how are you PatrinaMichelle???
Today in Invention History: James Watkins patents confetti "that flutters and darts" in 1997. Sounds festive!
Great first day!!!! See you tomorrow! Have a good night. dd
Happy to host the Gala on Sat!
'American Idol' Recap: James Durbin Violates The Geneva Conventions
just finished listening to your music I like it!
Watching the laundry go round and studying even more insertion points. Ugh.
#alphamale should get us all shirts instead.
Do Western Unions exist anymore?
i RTed ur mission. can u? we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent & become integrated into society!
Wow.. i ve liked him for a while.. now she h as to like him? Wtf?
That Tex Winter quote is a new Coach G staple from here on out. Working to get more "moments" in 12-13 season than 11-12!
RT ": Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers."
any1 who thnks that what Sasha did is funny is as much of an ahole as Sasha. Ryan is wrking, and this is Oscars ppl!
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. - Gandhi
saturday is bust it out day at the gym, no excuses, no rationalization
Spending the day in Seattle with the one and only Costandi Hinn #whatablessing watch out America baba is across the border.
i stay high as gas, just so i wont spaz
false. Take the ACT for me. All I need is a 24!
3 big parties coming up lol
And that concludes earth hour 2012, awesome>.>
October 8, 1956 - Don Larsen pitches the only perfect game in World Series history. Yankees beat the Brooklyn Dodgers at Yankee Stadium 2-0.
Heaven forbid! The only thing Rs fear/hate more than Obama is the idea that someone somewhere might be enjoying themselves.
Shout out to my new followers and
now followin s/o
heard you over on reverbnation, nice flow. I got some music you may want to hear...hit me up
we could do it WHEEL big, bigger than you ever done it
Does the fact that I don't get this nicki minaj performance mean that I'm getting old or that I have my sanity?
Our group finsihed off a bottle of Mad Dog and signed it to be displayed at Very cool!
Jersey Shore? I can't get enough.
RT : will be performing on December 12th as opening act for FABOLOUS! Brought to U by Maybach Ent...
dumb pol tweets here to stay like people saying dumb things in print as in first days of email.
Smoke Something Bitch -Pimp C Voice-
no one likes a tattle-tale...
waxy Oconners in Foxboro is a soccer bar mate
Forgot to ask me: “: Beer chicas out tonight: and (who'd I forget?)
im back(;
thanks for checking it out! :-)
My homie finished his commercial for his clothing co.Stay focused. It will come to pass. Congrats Ben Rich Clothing Co.
We can't think of anything else we'd rather hang up on our walls!
This Beach House album still just sounds like magic to me. It's really beautiful and amazing.
Our new tapas restaurant coming to Cleveland Park late May! Follow their tweets to get first hand info!
are yoouuu ready!!! to RUMBLE...HAHAHA...i'm BORED......what can i do???hm???listen to music or watch some pictures or eat...
did roc cute his hair
me n janishas convo her: Stfu Ese! me:what's Ese?? her: A person. which u are arent yeww??me: i though i was Pako her: what?!
Shopping online. Will you please get back to work soon? Thanks!
Going into Staples again on Friday! This should be really neat once I get going in it (being a Print and Copy Center person and all)!
#Today is the day you say, "I can do it and I am going to"
with the new pool at home almost done, thinking an OC reunion is in order to break it in?
lol thats my best friend that i know ...Haha love ya!
Gota Accept It!!!
It's World Laboratory Animal Liberation Week!! Save a life and rescue!
First spring training game today! Come to Spanish Fly pregame postgame. The weather is beautiful!
Anyone want an American Bulldog puppy? My neighbor (cincinnati) has four of them, free.
RT : D: I can't wait fer next years FB draft to know where is going! :3 My baby xD <-good on ya!
What specific plays are troublesome?
Are black people in the trunk?
Honey badger wins the badnarik!!!!
And then there was light. :)
which game are you taking in?
Just had a fabulous morning being hosted by the lovely at the Phillips Collection! Art, cute munchkins, & lunch alfresco!
people love me ! #celebretyrepresent !
Just woke up 10 min. ago -__-
!! RT : Even if you took everything from Indigenous people, they will always retain the ability to laugh at you.
i'd be okay if the weather stayed like this forever.
I'll be watching 's Padraig Harrington tomorrow at the Honda Classic. Who are you rooting for?
if you ever need somebody to talk to. talk to . shes helped me through so much. and im so thankful . #thanksgirly .
Well journeyed 2 hours to Jackson, TN to eat lunch and got rained out of our game. Headed back to Clarksville
I only speak the truth
awesome, thanks.
I want tacos. Let's make this happen, Twitter.
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow
Someone tell me a joke please! I need a good laugh!
My dad shaved his head.
When you can't txt that one person, but now you can and they already got another girl..
"This Stan Van Gundy and Dwight Howard mess is awkward, huh?" - Bobby Petrino to his wife
Need a website? We're offering a holiday special to a local #MKE business for a free, start-to-finish, website. Interested?
How much does love ? Immensly-er! ;)
be yourself and watch it bother other people
throwin up that big ole "W" comin out the west
if only you knew how much i like you..
Bout to go get tatted
At the Texas Regional Conference.
wass ya major?
Tammy Baldwin will likely announce her Senate run this week.
In Victorias Secret With Your Mom... AWKSSSSSSS
I think the #Brewers offense was hiding with the #Chorizo .
If you smile through your fear and sorrow,Smile and maybe tomorrow You'll see the sun come shining through for you
No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
thanks so much Brian! I can't tell you how excited I am. I get mine on May 19! I think I will be the first in La Crosse, WI
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people concurrently, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
im an ex-baby. (but not an ex-diaper wearer. (yet.) :~()
Now that the #Orioles got to 8 wins in this 15 game stretch, lets' get it to 10 wins.
If she look fly and her kids raggedy SheAintWifeyMaterial
Have fun with Ponder RT : Juan Castillo will play that guy at corner.
I hate when a persons imagination causes them to live in fear..though I'm guilty at times myself
Thx for the post on Jessie Ware; LOVE the song. very Lisa Stansfield meets Soul II Soul or something. Love elegant string stabs!
but CT doesn't have affordable housing or commercial space to make tech start ups possible.
Your such a silly boy:))))
thnx! will give doolphy a try as well.
Created #3132889 for ORM Implicit setter look up in CGI scope leading to Error while reading header
I love Liz.
get a profile before I follow ur links
Dear Santa, this year I would like a Barbie Motor Home (new). Don't try to bring me a used one. I'll know.
I'm streaming C-SPAN on the computer, they're voting on CBC budget now
yeaaaahhh I'm on it nowww! But with Peyton's leaders! You can come in if you want
Glad you liked it. :)
that is my favorite book!!
A stray kitten I saved a few months ago is at the Animal Ark Shelter in Hastings. His name is Calvin and he is still looking for a home.
Waiting on line
zombie april flowers
Awww i know </<U+2665>
Congrats! That's amazing news!
feel better bout urself? so sad 47 yr old man so sad typical liberal talking smack try that sh*t with me pal ur turf any time
What kills you only makes you.stronger.... Greatest advice that i been taking to heart lately cause its so true..
Back to pulmonary rehab
gonna watch on YouTube<3
well then just felt like askin GOSH
THERE WILL BE NO EVIDENCE IF I BURN IT TO THE GROUND (with flames of love and admiration for my dear cousin of course)
Harrison Ford. Audrey Hepburn. The best version of #Sabrina that could ever be made.
He is, he got D-Wade already, Pat Riley shoulda thought twice before maxing out Bosh, save some money for role players
What do you want?
it is a deadful dirge
How's writing going for you?
Well Im calling it a night.. Tomorrow's finally Friday.. Been a long week.. At least I got to let out some stress earlier ;) lol
I keep trying to "like" tweets.
That's some serious sales tax :)
Brands typically can't go on counter-offensive. But now we have passionate loyal customers who can defend us publicly.
This new time zone thing isn't really working for me.....
Read Charles Greenberg's blog about his experiences in Armenia as an International Fulbright Specialist ysmuvisit.blogspot.com
i like twix bars o.o...
Thanks Dale! XOXO
I am really happy that jeff allowed you to talk at the finale. Great speech too :)
Kicking off with talking about their mission an #GEOINT2012 in Orlando & 2013 in Tampa! #ftw thanks
Tonight at Fat Cats (Fourth Dimension) does their thing...it is always mobbed when they play there!
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over. -Millay, Edna St. Vincent
Great show last night at The Abbey in Santa Cruz e/ and all great sets!
At the Helios HR Apollo Awards program in Tysons
Wade smoked dat game
Great 'Community Management' session by -- thank you Linda!
I guess that making you feel good was my bad , I kinda thought you had the same feelings I had & you help sell it like a fly ad
Shower, waffle house, work.
“: joining the gang for our album launch party March 8th, very pleased!!”
Live out at Stuff-A-Bus in Arlington Heights this evening. Bus is almost full!
Excited to see the film tomorrow in Orlando! YEAH! YEAH!
Ice Loves Coco is so cute, I hope that'll be me and my black husband one day
Notorious, Pun and L, get the Big picture?
On my life I can't wait to leave this mf
Yes. Awards are communities pleasuring themselves. We've got a word for that but are too polite to speak it.
Mall soon! (:
You know why no-one thinks about it though? Because they kept that shit to themselves and their inner circle.
that's great!
Annoyed a'fuu.!!!!
STRICT AVOIDANCE
Do you own a pair of Converse?
do I have the respect yet!! O-H!!
Amy winehouse is dead no
I should finish packing & have NO room..but I want a new bathing suit for Dominicanaa!! Off to :)
In painful ejaculation, during or immediately following ejaculation, there is a sharp or burning pain in the urethra.
Pleasure receptors lighting up. :-)
#ThingsThatINeed to stop tweeting
Working the 1pm Brewer Playoff game tomorrow : join me for $2 rails and domestic taps!
EEP! I need to get my badge for before Feb 10th when prices go up! need to do some more research for !
The Book Thief. The Hunger Games. for romantic stuff, John Green, Maureen Johnson, Sarah Dessen.
sayin bitchs in boot shorts aint sexy....u a god dayum lie
Haha! Well you guys will have to go:-)
I predict I'll have the snuffles on Tuesday just so I can say I have post-NATO drip.
CONGRATS G Papa and Diana on your engagement!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We are all happy for you!! Coach Kelly says..."don't screw it up numb -nuts"
Hilarious : Instead of vodka and soda how about just carbonated vodka OH SHIT YOU JUST LOST YOUR MIND DIDN'T YOU?!?!?!?!?
its getting closer every year. Wisc GB prime ex.. A&M winning last year, butler odds on fav this year.. Talent gap closing
NEW ROMEO AND JULIET BG
lockdown drill... LOL good try at trying to be safe
Boston is impassable today between fires near symphony and the Brazilian prez causing mad foot traffic near the State House
Frindships may come and go . . . but the love of family lasts forever.
Wow they sure didn't waste no time putting the house up of sale
I love acting. :)
Journaling is a powerful way to accelerate personal #growth. Consider taking five minutes each day to write down your thoughts.
Hey everyone, tonight is the debut of The at 8 pm est on Ustream. Check it out for some sports and culture talk.
I must admit u got me at first but u can't trick. Mahomie <3 haha happy April fools making my family some caramel onions ;)
Are you ready to leave one comfort zone to enter into your destiny?
heck yes it is and amazing spot regardless where you stand. but its a hella of a drive by south coast.
The Fiat 500 is a fun little car to zip around in!
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Chris brown in stomp the yard
#4famouswords Root of all Evil
Need coffee, a croissant, and patience. Today is going to be a long one.
Why is everyone getting engaged all of a sudden?
you went to taco bell without me bitch?
Big thanks to for his unwavering support. We humbly wish you continued hitting of things in and around the dirty waffle.
who are you?
hubby just ripped cable plug out of back of TV. Accident. He says TV ruined now. "Just an expensive paper weight." Really no way to fix?!
TNAU sets up multimedia lab
Kennedy's
Now You're just somebody that I used to know. #HeyArnold version: Now Henry is just a fish I used to know. #90'sAreAllThat
looks so tasty. But be honest it kinda looks like a frog at first.
Disco remixes of 90s R&B songs
I don't regret the time we spent together, I just wish I didn't spend it with you
A data-driven webinar featuring researched trends and behaviors as marketers emabark on website redesign
Please tell me that's Romo's...
Hey Simon! I'm doing well. I hope you and mum have a great Mother's Day!!! We need to catch up!!
RT need help finding up to date #acapellas please can anyone tell me where to find them
spanky new grill on the roof- just sayin'
Mole taco is unbelievable. Best mole I've tried in Chicago. No doubt. Rubi's at maxwell street market.
might need 2try this.. When aX Utry2 ignore text u,reply "Error code:56374 This sprint user no longer gives a crap about you""
Omg. It might be you,... oh wait, IT IS(:
No beer at the ballgame. But even worse--no hotdog.
At 37 I think am developing my first allergy. Can't figure it out. Every morning itchy skin covered in hives.
Two free drinks from Starbucks in under a month. Starbucks and their baristas are the best.
glad to see you're on Twitter. I love your pork tacos!
THEY EVEN TAUGHT ME HOW TO SWIM, AND IM BLACK AS
better love trance, or ima kick her butt :)
Good night people. May you find acceptance and learn to accept others as you walk your path...
ok cool , thanks for telling me that . cause most people dont take that route . they just do it , MY BAD BRO :)
If I had moves like
How are you doing #westbaltimore? Hope you are safe and can share your #earthquake stories!
I love bow wow as a rapper!
Though I've lived in Arizona for awhile now, I'm still happily surprised to look out a window and see sunshine, blue skies, and palm trees.
SEC v. Goldman Sachs highlights need for proper “material” disclosures in offering docs. What analysis was done by Goldman’s legal dept?
any chance the lowes gcs are coming back soon?
I am :) how are you?
will be playing with Byleth, and at the Chrome July 1 for the Red Sky showcase.
or just add winchester. come with us for herrin too!
Spring Tee Shirt Sale. 30% off all tee's today with code: ship30
can you please follow me please please please:)
Thanks, Mary! :) RT : Great story. Kudos to the team! You are a great testimonial.
geek meets dream girl on a train and spends 105 film minutes upgrading hygiene, fashion sense, and charm for love.
i mean family's
Selection Sunday! Which bubble team do you think has the best chance to make a big run?
Yeah! I hit you back. Did you get my email?
The grass is never greener on the otherside:(
Just b/c you have FB or Twitter page does not make you social - its what you do with presence: listen + engage sets you apart
yo momma look good as hell. lol
Thanks! Well, would you mind maybe giving me a shout out to your followers to maybe follow me?it would be greatly appreciated
A millionaire should drink good beer. Guinnesse is Ireland's Budweiser. Drink some good craft beer. Nazis love good beer too
Found the gift I was supposed to give my sister last year. Man, she would have really loved that kitten.
Do any of the candidates talk about limiting the power and activity of congressional staffs?
Can't sleep, tryin to fall asleep it's not working. Ughh I hate this
Too late. Though if you drink enough wine while watching it, it seems more compelling...
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn is similar to CRACK per one of my guests last night.
Ask RT Who picks Comic Sans and thinks, "YES, this feels right!" It is tough to remain credible after that decision.
Anyone at 's #SMSS in Chicago today?
I haven't had internet for a few days now and won't have it for another few weeks... It's crazy how much I rely on it.
Restaurant owners who use bring accountability to their staff. Which in-turn provides a better overall customer experience.
When someone sits behind a screen for HOURS hating someone who they don't know.
check out my page reverbnation.com/artistehebrew, facebook.com/artistehebrew
Today's already taking a turn for the worst
tonight catch my CLUB KISS mix at 1:30 am on 1035 KISS FM Chicago & live stream on 1035KISSFM.com!
GIRL OFCOURSE YOU DO I LOVE HER obsessions and robot are my favorite of hers
Google's acquisition of Zagat will bring "meaningless content" that has "no bearing on the quality of the restaurants" to "even more sheep"
follow back
Missed my 2,000th tweet! -_- Well I dedicate this to otherwise known as my purpose to living, and Ultimate reason to smile. :)
They wouldn't let me buy anything specific
this nigga here IS RELEASING HIS SINGLE "STUNTIN (P POPPIN)" ON JULY 24TH @ AMERICA'S PUB-U IN KC?- U GOTTA BE IN THE BUILDIN!!
Thank you for putting ice cream sandwiches back on the 'low price' list! More incentive to run.
Feeling like this is the longest countdown to lunch I've yet experienced.
Pattillo with the put back! puts the Jam up 89-87 with 43.7 seconds left in the game
Apparently I left my mind back in San Diego? #Skype is the best
Please RT! Just a reminder that you can get a month of yoga for $39 at www.DailyDealSquad.com ! NA-MA-STE!
@ the consignment sale at the fair grounds. It's multitude of craziness!
Retweet this if you're online & want 50+ new followers! (must be following & !! To get 50+ followers!!
. on Tuesday … is San Diego ready !?
Ive got a idea for a portable toilet in your car. when your done you just throw the biodegradeable bags out the window.
Hating Rick Santorum is hating God.
that one literally just came in about 20 minutes ago
Pipeline to Promise meeting going on now! Job Prep meeting starting at 12. Come down and learn how we plan on helping you.
So cool. Just finished talking to my friend for an hour by FaceTime on my iPhone. I heard Brooklyn wake up to cute birds singing. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6>
Me to :P
Just take her with you
Can you DM he can get you more info on date.
ME TO!
Today is that day, treat it that way
Earplugs on. I wish I'm always at school. Fudge! Pissed off!
Is it just me or are the ESPN reports about the secret NFL meetings incredibly ironic
You flirt. ;)
#ToMyUnbornChild I promise I'll be the best mommy I can be and love you no matter what.. :)
Does anyone else think Musburger had the Horns and the points vs Kansas? He seemed really excited about J'covan's garbage time drive.
its ok, the bitch wasnt there anyways, hoe biscutt.
I love Bobby Hamrick. He made me tweet this.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. #quoteoftheday Cardio Time!
#ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at #SLA12. Great to meet more of you
practice don't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect enjoy all the dried out food folks
What is it?
Have a blessed day everyone! Love you all!!! Remember to keep God first! :)
sending positive thoughts your way
The Eiffel tower is a land mark. Now its a
Loved James Sallis' Drive, and I can't see why a sequel is necessary, but I'll give it a shot anyway. Hesitantly excited.
Mondays are getting worse for me. So glad to have this one behind me. Feel you next week monday.
LOS ANGELES: Now booking headshots and photo shoots for April-May! Bookings:
12 page paper due in 3 hours and have not even started it.
I might have alternative motives tomorrow night. Just sayin.
At least our #colts will get first round draft pick-- it's all worth it.
Did I do that thing where I come to class an hour early by accident? Yup, I did. Time for a donut.
good one! Or students dont want to use facebook for class! Or students want their instructors to use more email rather than
Rt! Thank you for being so awesome and big thanks to Edward and for letting us shoot there today!
DAMN!!!!!!! Seems like just yesterday you were just a little fish.
Me too! RT : Hope he gets better soon
When a muslim woman ((modestly)) This does not mean she do not know ((fashion)) But she knows ((Where)) and ((when)) and ((to who)) wear <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
A year ago, I tweeted: "Today's a real #TeamBringIt kind of day. Plenty to accomplish, no stone unturned, no time like now." I'm in. Again.
Glad to hear you are alright.
Goodnight all!!!
a really really bad one,.... but yes they still have a team!!!!
#17 The Howlin' Wolf - New Orleans, LA
Happy Turkey Day!
Can't believe Amar'e got dem shits in his head <U+E40E>
m hm. that + turkey leg + beer in Germany = sanitation emergency
Hey--399 followers! We're going to hang on to some of the porny once until we get over the 400 hump. Er, bump.
Just watched my good friend, move mountains onstage at Zoey's. Amazing job, my man.
and , don't forget!
RT And in the quiet section is like me going to a bar that only serves non alcoholic drinks.
what's for dinner?
at school they usually play different kind songs, but today because its 's bday( Happy Birthday!) they only played his songs(:
Monday's soundtrack: indie films from 2005
Thanks! We are just as excited as all those staying with us! YAY!
Pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl !!!!=)
So those ads promoting Twilight as an appropriate gift that may lead to other, less appropriate V-day "gifts" are right!
Let's make today a good one, my man. How bout it?!
"The only thing you know for sure when you hold a signed contract in your hands is that the other person knows how to use a pen."
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 20
anus licking causes sepsis is the phrase that pays
Now that sounds God!!
Matt Cain bangin pebble just like he did 3 months ago in the winter classic #loveit!!
The numbers are out! #JulietAnUnPopular sold 17 books in March. Not exactly what I was hoping for... but April will be better!
"like" us because we "like" you! www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
Wanted to run around Hollywood today in my ninja attire like a crazy man but decided against it.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom.
Willie Nelson's cover of Coldplay is amazing. Good job
Awww... you even got yourself an official Castle-style coffee cup!
Work Work Workk
Want to win an iPad2? Just RT and participate.
wow, gorgeous! How wonderful to live and work in such beautiful surroundings!
hey plz #Follow me
Really nice cover! ^_^
#NAB is awesome! Motion control is a must!
family taught him to love himself for everything he was good at & everything he was bad at. Gave him strength & resilience.
im watching american idol. wot.
Is your show available as a podcast?
well if they get in Friday someone is bound to follow them and find out hotel and then it will spread so we will probably know
You arent cute, no one wants to dress like you, you're failing all your classes. P.S. YOUR NOT COOL! :P
Come in for your $40 8th and FREE Tea Pot Calendar!!!
I completely disagree. A well designed (emphasis on well designed) tattoo is the most committed form of art.
I'm glad Vilma is suing Goodell... Fuck him.
We bout to fight tomorrow . Ima push her books off her desk .
DEAL!! Do I get to ask another question??
#ASimpleWhiteName Isn't every white persons name simple?
Playing #blackjack, if you're too scared to hit your 12s to 16s against a strong dealer card, might as well just write the #casino a check!
blah!! To bad finals start monday or I'd totally be there to see y'all and :) miss y'all!! Have a good show
I want to go to a dr who or other nerdy convention after listening to the this american life show about conventions.
The cleanest homes sell for the highest prices. Nobody wants to buy another persons dirt. Go OCD, keep your home crazy clean.
Some major brands of
i figured!!!
Don't get me wrong. I'd love to get close to being off the grid. But not because of any doomsday fear.
and do you have any idea what healthcare costs are like? You think only rich people should be allowed to seek treatment?
RT : "If you don't want to date me---that's fine. I get that. But you're wrong and I hate you."
food rules don't apply during finals
that is ridiculous ... wipe and reinstall?
Get your record mixed by me in one of the hottest mix rooms in NYC. Great rates! Get at me!
OF COURSE! I wish you were here to do it now! (at Brindles)
#goodtimes indeed!!! You guys HAVE to go see the play!
Why is it when u have a situation with some ppl. & u decide to speak to them about it. There first instinct is to yell & swear!
The internet has just become too abusive. Omegle, Tumblr, Chat Roulette..it's just an excuse for people to hate everyone and themselves.
Yes I do in fact LOL. I'll probably be more football animated in a couple months even though I already am. Nah, no ideas besides.
shut it down today #Syracuse!
I'm losin' my direction,and if u dont like it-fuck u
Everyone loves our profile pic right?!!
- quit being lame!! It is not to much traffic!
hurry hurry it's so much fun!
I'm with her! Haven't seen it, but hate horror movies that aren't YOURS! Speaking of which, still need to FUEL you!
Kids will be at grandma's this weekend. I don't know whether to jump with glee or cry because I'll miss them so much.
": woooooop." There it is..
RT : B unapologetically yourself & let the world think wht it will. U cnt live life in the box of other ppl's opinions!
Thanks for beig awesome love u guys
That awkward moment when your dad breaks the news that hes getting a new job to you...
You might as well give up breathing too!
T-minus 11 months and 21 days until we all die. HAPPY NEW YEAR, Y'ALL!
ah cool me too! I'll be staying in downtown this year for it!
Yep I feel old as shit
Never give one-sided advice; Only apply what you know. All advice is not always
#mylifegoal is to meet you
in the lab with ya boi making more of that get it muzic...e.o.s. LoyAlty muzic
I know! Somewhere there is the twitter sitter app, just don't check out every twitter-twit app that comes across.
Bought the honey a new #Kindle Fire yesterday. Now i get my #Motorola Xoom back!!!
Bon Iver's Hinnom, TX sounds so good live i wanna cry
good luck on the bus and see you this weekend!
Working, blah
Trying to catch up on so we can watch the new episode!
at lunch today Trissy showed me a picture if you, I died laughing!!!! it was cute. haha
MSG VARSITY CAMERAONE BOYS and GIRLS BASKETBALL DOUBLE HEADER AIRS TUES FEB 28 and WEDS FEB 29 at 4pm for Optimum customers on Channel 614
Ouch. RT : John Lackey Enraged By Text Message Displaying His Accurate Season Statistics
Jesus: Risen for 2000 years, still hasn't gotten around to curing aids, cancer, or beiber fever.
christian jew
Random Thought when walking to the arena: Do you think homeless people get pissed when they hear the song "Mo' Money, Mo' Problems"?
Stop and think before you act
We would love for you to come try one of our small group training sessions on us!
#BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait :D
a que sii you're the liar! :p
If the devil helped people out of slavery, & G-d punished them for being freed, that wouldn't be a G-d I'd want anything to do with.
I do not acknowledge the existence of any other Twin Cities-based sports radio station.
We're all hopped up on eggs and ready to go!
Dear Zimmerman, the $h*ts bout to hit the fan!!!! You don't have a lawyer now to workout the smooth rendering either??
159-3 should still get us home field
Still going: so maybe I don't know what I want but I'll be damned if I up and change my life for some man before I am 100% certain.
We'll be closed tonight for our sold out dinner with Fountain Prairie Farm. Will be back open tomorrow for business as usual, 11:00 am.
Gym was pretty fun today. We got to play football and I got to truck all of my bullies. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!
i had no idea the name jordan meant descent, flow down. that's cool!
Q6 But that's another investment.
Wow seriously...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
About to workout, have to get my body in shape for summer!!!!
haha omg. Seconded.
so funny! This is why it's so popular: mylikes
Jacqua Williams just trying to live her dream
Is she really goin out with him? #np hahah classic
Hot as hell in this house and tomorrow is gonna be 90.
Glow-in-the-dark bodysuit or homemade Mau5head? RT just spent about 4 hours crafting for
To maintain trust, institution must secure proper dependence
Finished watching lead-in Marvel movies, bought a Capt. America t-shirt, walked down Avengers toy aisle at Target...yep, ready for tomorrow
right? I was against the "door to door" idea from the start! #justsayin ;))) xo
So help me god if the #Brewers make Suppan look like an All-Star I am going to lose my freakin mind
Happy New Year mate
Anna! ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
Easter candy was 75% off at Fred Meyers and we didn't buy any. #restraint. It was chocolate too. Darn.
#JA I wish u knew how much I miss you....too #stubborn to make the first call
no sir thank you, ur repping our city, and lord knows we need it
Great response.
Fantasy Football MASTER!!!
#1 reason so disappointed #chris paul trade was blocked, was ready to see become a new #Lakers fan! Lol
RT : "In history of humankind those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed." - Charles Darwin
are u excited to come home to your family and Justin/Spencer?
When you are finished watching football, head on over and enjoy our Blanquette de Veau! How 'bout them Niners?!
but maybe I will
She has the possibility to live her life over again It takes a lot of strength to do this but more than anything strength is the motive...
I will look into it, thanks
Someone come rescue me please
ha well damn but wassup G....
That is interesting. One of these things is not like the other?
BLEW IT BOILERS. Heartbreaking.
hahaha yes! but i heard its like really expensive..do you know how much it is..?
First Paddy was a #Success :)
Lol. I forgot to hve a cup “: really wanted to make sure that I was awake today. #strongestcoffee”
I'm just having fun.. ;) you know me! I miss you too... what you doing?
Duke gets upset AGAIN by st johns
The answer is YES a person has bench pressed over 1000 pounds. Zup did it I think.
I enjoyed it too. Good sentiments. RT : Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics. Found it thoughtful.
Adventure Time is the most stupid, creepy, & weirdest show ever .
#Mozart was wonderful last night -- what a privilege to be a part of such awesome music! #Thankyou so much to those who came.
awe I feel like lonely kid at lunch and just sat next to me!!! Lol
You mean lots to me.
Thanks for the shout out,
Serious diggage so far. The ants fully hijacked this morning's wait at the doctor's office.
I'm already playing that game, too. "Does it work in IE?" is already being ignored...
thanks for the RT
Gary Keller is about to drop kick Ben Kinney! :) wish u were all here at KW National Convention
CASE CLOSED.
I've been harping on him all season. This is awful
How did the CORPSES fare in the rain? Underground Theater presents ATTACK OF THE ROTTING CORPSES
#acton on fire! SAVE MY #BLUMRANCH PEACHES!
Anyone else hoping the #Ravens get Hightower Round 1?
blake made out his christmas list.johndeere tractors,a riding toy,a bike,a new cowboyhat,some Dog shirts,a real dog,a horse,& new bed 4 here
Don't give me that "you just hate them because of Kobe/They're awesome" BS. I hate them because they're a breeding ground for bandwagon fans
Been using Tripit pro for years. Likes: reminders, point tracking, sharing itineraries
I always liked you the best anyway!
this computer is fucked up
Where's the walk at??
If this is real, it will last.
Purchased a new Odyssey Putter yesterday in an attempt to cheer myself up
:D PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!
Wow, you live in VA Beach?!
good thanks! computer class xx
thanks so much my hero. How are you? I'm so worried and concerned about you. Please let me know how you are doing.
"Nothing one does in bed is immoral if it helps to perpetuate love." GABRIEL GARCÍA MÁRQUEZ, 'Love in the Time of Cholera'
should make a song about ketchup..:)
whatever rude , & spell check . ita spelled Wednesday boo boo
yeah digs them just a tad bit!
The ninety and nine are with dreams... is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.Edgar Allan Poe
I am going to the movies, though.
Hahaha! That movie is to funny.
a bird just pooped on my hand.
Vegetable trays, santa fe brewery irish red ale and simpsons. Perfect Friday Night at Home.
this is the best album.
Playing nba 2k11 and coach walks out in the middle of the floor while I'm starting to make my move
"Like" this post if you're planning on TACO NIGHT!
I know but I just wom know web if it was I chould see him
Wow B&N just made getting a wristband THAT much harder than before.
She loves she loves me she loves me a love from outer space it's true shalalalalala hey
May have hit your acct limit - 100 MB by default but can be raised by your RW admin. Check with your lib for help w/ that.
I refuse!
Miss the best friend. Stupid AP test...
15 and 1 more picks once again....still got chase and fuller out there
- Bitter sweet, to me, Stephanie. FB said it'll let IG cont. to grow independently, & one can only hope. Glad for the IG team tho.
Happy new year(=
Austin is the best. Kbye. <U+2665>
finally an excuse to get some hot chocolat form
trust me he will with thibs as his coach and the management staff he will win one before bron
ah. someday I'll watch TV again.
pshh, num. 31 which turned in a huge waste of time - did get my drank on though.
or you get at my personal addy:
Just offered gluten free baking services to a new restaurant!
I give all praise to God! Thank you for networking with me!
very rough draw in uefa champions league for APOEL, playing Real Madrid in the quater finals
it is horrible. I almost didn't share it but people need to know such evil exists so that they can watch for signs
51 days till graduation...
About to record at windows !!
Great article, Tom. Thanks for sharing!
#IThankGod For Being Alive =)
Beautiful Sunday morning! I'm a lucky, lucky lady.
It's official break is over
cool and I meant to hit u up I seen a bracelet I want to buy and wanted to know how much it cost
Mhmmm ! sure you didnt then why was my room open D:<
aw your welcome! :p yeah, I cried! :L, thanks <3
Just emailed my boss about the live tweets today...he's totally there with them. *facepalm*
I have no problem with anyone who challenges Beach Boy Rad. Just as long as they do not have a problem being defeated by Beach Boy Rad!
The weirdest compliment ive ever gotten is when people tell me i have beautiful hands
u are amazing inside and out!!! U inspire me!! <3 teamPhiPhi always!!!
or part 29 link
great weekend playing with at Carnivale 2012. sold some instruments too!
Sweet! You like the free song?!
The thing is, It was meant to happen exactly how it did. Or else neither of us would be where we are.
Composing a piece for violin and harp.
“: I've done a program called doing #HR w/out an HR dep for small biz and it drew a ton of folks. Thru a C of C. #shrmchat” cool
Nap time
Watchin Family Guy but my dog gettn on my nerves all this whining
My experience was that reporters and eds almost always read the comments anyway, so good to respond though it's tricky.
Badass movie stunt: Cole Trickle running down Russ Wheeler after the checkered flag
sure just hit me up and I'll take care of you. It's a great studio
Second half of the day
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
On behalf of Wikets, we are honored and appreciate the report. Time to Rec the recommendations space!
Last night I planned to take a power nap at 6 for 45 minutes. Instead, I woke up this morning at 9am. Apparently I was tired.
": I got hartnell"good pick i am going danny b
Crazy insane busy time of the year. Have so much going on, and took on some more last night. Barely have time for this tweet.
Woot! won the basic membership from ! Ping for details!
lol I've been following u since we spoke last : )
Much Love to the Honorable , thank you very much for your support and encouragement!
Orange days stink. Blue days rule. Go suck a fuck.
Omg x'D The #memories!
OK, Lets get this night started.
Hi Bob. We started our week long outreach for families and children of warriors w/ #PTSD. Would you like the links?
Cinco de Mayo where's ICE when you need them to deport all the drunk mexicans
the dark side of the galaxy
They say a penny saved is a penny earned, but the more important issue is how exactly Lil’ Penny fits into all of this.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy with isolated showers and thunderstorms this evening. Then partly cloudy after...
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go.
Looking to collaborate with historical and genealogical societies. Let's work together to get the word out.
research shows that social media tools are also used in non-creative & passive ways
Power outage on campus due to construction. Working from home today.
#team Blake #Jermainepaul congrats you got my vote! Good luck on your journey
& very very great seats
2more days.. I swear it keeps getting harder for me to wake up every day.
(Let's try this again.) Quit being flawless. And by quit, I mean don't stop.
lol every nigga in here on you gitl, they like she the full package... she fine, cool, a go getter, smooth... lol get'em boo!
Wow, those scenes definitely capture the substance of dreams. Breathtaking
haha that's hilarious
My family takes advantage of me cause im such a neat freak ;( #nolove haha
Look, I'm going through the rapids
Watched the new MTV Challenge last night- love it! wish you and could be a team again and clean house!
#sad and dad said i could meet cody and then didnt come for me /:
Highly recommended viewing: Detropia (documentary).
Real Estate Investing Becomes More Efficient Through New Marketing Agreement ...
who do u think is the cutest?
Flyer tonight is first with an updated band photo! I mean, not that I mind seeing 's face every other day
Thank you for the RT. We're really looking forward to
+dipping sauzzes RT : i usually like to eat my feelings with a side of french fries and a bottomless orange crush
The power of social networking
The man in front of me looks like he had a good time at sea world. He clearly didn't heed warnings of the splash zone.
has the new internet boom age arrived??? the #SocialMedia Boom
Good evening everyone. TGIF. We hope you're enjoying yourself. Life is only what you make it.
Sveum...why do you always wait until a time like now to get someone warming up? WHY?
I see the honey moon phase is over
I wish I could be at #aam2012 this year. Please share the good stuff everybody.
a child shouldnt becuz their hair is going through an ongoing transition phase from thick-thin, long-short, pool color change
They just couldn't let Joshua go to the finale huh? Smh....
Fill in the Blank: Dead man's hand is _____ and _______.
and SRC will be awesome, just like you :-) bon chance!
Yeah, never mind about #ACL tix tweet... too excited -- I thought it was *this* week! ;-p
Have a rokkin good New Year from your team!
happy wednesday everyone. working away looking for shows across the country for future segments. known any1 in #atlanta? :)
why did you mention me? I don't wanna see this video!
Sat right by JWill at the Final Four. He stood most the game, looking hard & trying to get on TV. My buddy got into it w/ him
i know, right? it's like people don't know what to do with themselves - i love the rain though, it's a nice change :D
that looks pretty heavy..
i've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
7:30. But I'll be arriving around noon too. Down to 5.5 hours now.
Ah off to the ortho so hopefully can be running again.....SOON!
Watchin bad girls club las vegas since I missed it on Monday.
I hate you.
yes! i just remembered!
And also, what happened to guys talking to girls first? Like...I don't wanna message him bc I don't want him to think I like him again.. & I
Do you mean on a site or are you asking for suggestions on apps?
thanks Chelsea, I'll let ya know how it goes :-)
I feel silly in this chair lol
Possibly. What you need to do is come into the dealership, fill out an application, and we can go from there.
Gheez Bubbles. Were you trying to say that you were forced to watch it?
Confess I don't know Sehgal, but what google has revealed sounds amazing. Turbine Hall is an interesting setting for him!
Watching one direction videos always makes me feel better :) cheeckychappie!
Gabriella is being silly. If I ever went down to Cali again she would be the first person to hit up. Then maybe a few more.(;
Grownup Read: 'Double Dexter' & Children's Lit Read: 'With A Name Like Love'
Will Ferrell time
Good Morning! Happy Saturday to all!
He really don't call the shots.
Really want to see NYE...
Dave & Busters
very cool pic. Thanks for sharing.
You thinkin about goin for it, huh?
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give -- which is everything.
nigger RT You know damn well I want some koolaid!
Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick STOP..Now GO GET DAT MUTHA FUCKIN PUSSY CHECKED!..Free Clinic..! Free Clinic..!
hahaha truth comes out when u drunk too!! I guess the truth does hurt ;))
Making a Chicago Food Twitter List while on my lunch break. Suggestions welcome!
Just went on my break and found out the pacers lost....
Iizuka hasn't had a title since 1996 I think.
Wow! That IS shameful indeed! They set our budgets & policies, we OUGHT to know them.
Ouchy ouch ouch ouch
This is downright heresy in my house but no lie: Boston Globe sports page is far superior to NYT.
You are far, far kinder than me. It would be one less black widow in the world. It dared to enter your home. Unreasonable, sure.
It has been, that's for sure. I got hit by a car on my bike. Not the way I intended on graduating..
The only way that would make sense is if your character was asleep dreaming of Hot Fuzz and Shaun. lol
The waiter would be a laker fan. I swear, that team has so many bandwagoners. He didn't even know d-fish was on the thunder. Smh...
I am getting a New 2012 Mercedes E500 today!! So excited!!
Thanks for the RT!
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
I'm terrified of your face
that's what up forward to hearing more from u. :)
where u at
Always a pleasure! Love learning new stuff & chatting w/other #socialmedia pros RT Thx everyone for another successful
who thinks they can beat me in nba2k10? i've been on fire!
So, do you know what the latest phrase, "TBS", stands for?? Lol, check out our blog at blog.drwiggys.com! We hope YOU don't have TBS!!
Thank you so much for the follow !! Wd love to chat w/ you about faith, family & fashion!
I think everyone on Twitter should go follow cuz they nver tweet the same freaken things over and over again
“ Stop giving Ignorant Opinions.... Dont Speak on it unless you know the facts!!!!”
S/O to for being so cool!! HIT HER FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Feel like going to Walmart and buying a whole bunch of ice cream, chips, etc
Fudge YOU!
My prayers go out to Junior Seau and his family.
My son's day care naptime music is a Muzak version of Pearl Jam's Evenflow. ????
alright Ill check out your offer
Heading into the final stretch. 23Things now, Transliteracies after
Would the average homeowner pay an annual fee for a home maintenance program?
Only way I'll ever get that score is in a video game. RT : Finally broke 100. Shot a 98. I'll take it.
Hey how ares ya and I love ya and miss ya
#rockthevote #feelingcivic RT :3.5 hours until the polls close! Make sure to cast your vote and make your voice heard!
My followers are extra goofy tonight! I'm tripping
There are some people you just miss in life....
Panthers couldnt toss a 7th rounder for asante? Really?
stylistic observation: James Stanescu speaks/gestures/engages as though he were reading poetry.
I woke up 30 minutes early, no.
AYO BITCH . . Hold ma dick.
Can't wait for Sunday!! Don't miss it!! Jesus said in Matt. 10:8 Go HEAL the sick NOT go PRAY for the sick. ~ Authority of a Believer!!
Rise and shine! Who's ready for some college football?! T-minus 1 hour!
getting any love down there????
So about 440.00 shipped. That's not bad.
Thank you for the
Well, yummy is good also. I'm always on the search for good pizza.
This week begins providing support to clients in Tarrytown, Boston, Sunny Isles Beach, and Atlanta.
deeply distressed by the constipation, which has last for five days.
Derek Fisher Prolly Snappin in the Locker Room Right Now
Runnin out of time, the world ends tonight , unless we dance or die #flashback #familyforce5 recall that?
Houston, TX stoked to play for you guys tonight! Come see us
: We GET To understand that life is the result of choices we make. If we desire different results, we GET to make different choices.
I miss playing basketball & baseball
we're on it - look for a key sometime today :)
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
Twitter was down for two hours on Saturday. It was terrible. I had to call random people in the phone book & tell them what I had for lunch
Here's a "close but": per vias urbis proceditur (someone goes through the city streets) -> "we proceed along the streets"
Lol but then again i wouldnt even buy it .-.
Hey I like your new profile pic! But maybe you should put your boobs back in your bra!
Just arrived on the East Coast for our screening of Scavenger Hunt at ! Driving to Ithaca this afternoon!
I'm sure I'm not the only person who screams at the tv during Family Feud!
truth “: The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.”
Lakers fans are hilarious. One minute "Mamba!" After he hits 4 3s. Next minute "Pass the damn ball". Child please.
I may not be able to change the whole world but I can change the world for one person - Mother Teresa
Yes I am watching Fashion Star with would be proud.
World Crisis: Day 4 of Hannukah & there isn't a single AA battery left in the house.
we've enjoyed a delightful dinner.
if happy ever after really exist, i wanna be there holding you like this. <3
I can't believe I missed #glee last night.
Quick! Anyone w/ an UES #wine store suggestion in the 80s or 90s?
Dear Aspiring Author: You may want to rethink that query for a 300,000 word novel. Thank you.
: Special would have be beating the Cats at Rupp! I guess #bigyellownation doesn't want to play talent at home
We are playing The Roxy on July 2nd hit us up if you need tickets :)
explaining to sharon how to use twitter...
i miss you too :( how ya doing?! sorry i went out to eat!
Nina dobrev in the perks of being a wallflower movie?! I am a-ok with that
who the fuck is u?...*in future's voice*
Oh? I seem to have misplaced my copy of the yellow pages. Thanks for the help anyways!
Yo I got some fresh talapia for sale if it tickles your fancy
An appropriate amount of #potassium in the diet of Americans could decline 10% high #blood pressure in adults.
The raffle is about to start!
Love IT! You're just where you should be :) We're doing NCAA here ...
LOL it's the built up chemical fumes from the plastic and paints, that first real big breath in when opening is a doozy
Game 1=Game 2, for those of you who are better than me at numbers/mathematics/general intelligence.
IT'S TACO TUESDAY!! YES!!!
jorge: Montrose area has lost plenty of trees. Not too much damage to historic homes.
Stop by for a cup of Jade Cloud and a Blueberry muffin on your way to work
Go Mom! :D After all she's earned it. Now she has bragging rights.
Morning TV is always a crapshoot when feeding my daughter at home b/f work, but today is like Xmas: a fresh #Mantracker episode on Science!
I agree 100% where's all the sweet nice girls at?
No form of art goes beyond ordinary consciousness as film does, straight to our emotions, deep into the twilight room of the soul - Bergman
What if I stay in and look out the window? Does that work?
We're going to honor it for you!
oh yeah way too sweet
take us with you!
wish you could be with us! Thanks to you and you're players for donating!
I'd still win either way :p haha I'M fragile? Psh. I have bones of steel
ooh sorry - Shannon Hoon from Blind Melon...one of my heroes.
no tweeting during work. how many times.
Just added 50 free karma points to all our survey participants! 461 members hit the 100 point reward, converting 100 pts into a free app.
Being laid up SUCKS! My apologies to Twitter for the blatant overuse today : p
aww, thanks so much for sharing and for your support!! :) :)
#FF Great artists to follow! Warm wishes for your weekend!
#followFriday Follow for all your texting needs. PATRICK IS THE BEST!
Stay in action without attachment to results. Results will show up in ways you can't predict.
Mar 27,1942: #Churchill complained that he was noticing a decline in his mental and physical vigour. Not as quick at repartee in Commons.
Just wait until Nov - that's when fake winter starts here!
lab time!!!
Kobe would've missed too, so hush that noise...
done weekends like that ... So much fun
Im fucking done with you, you use me just to get back to her- that was the last time
u turnt up tonight
She'd rather fight with you than love anyone else.
facebook is down? didnt work on all the laptops in my house! wtf..?
House full of men, brined chix roasting, cowgirl creamery fromage blanc as a snacky snack, Pinot in the glass. Life is hella good.
Holly Welch! Thanks for rockin the house! You are making a huge difference, and we're so appreciative.
I am beyond excited!
Boris Johnson not cutting short his holiday to return to London?!!?
Sure, I like to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada
I learned some things from watching Think like a man. Date those on your standards but don't think you better then the less fortunate.
When I first heard that Cashin Out track I was like "Wtf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>" now I be jammin the fuuuuck out that hoe can't even lie lol
This was what was used to be called Flare, right? Nice to see it coming to fruition!
Happy mother's day mom.
So glad I didn't pay $11.50 to see #Courageous. Good message, but that is not a good movie.
Wow... a totally new rap vocal style came to me in a dream during my power nap. May have to get in my little studio...
“: haha what commercial was it?” this guy & girl running to each other singing. It was prob atleast 1.5 min!
Happening now: Attending Dr. Gannon's lecture Follow live feed
That was nasty by durant killer instinct
I wonder if Alex & the crew are popular at school tho.
It's colder than a polar bears ass up here in the 206......
And killed my boner
how much do you wanna bet I'll be at school during it.
Jesus: They then stripped Me bare before placing a short red garment over My head and then placed a palm branch in my right hand.
- that is a quite absolutely beautiful and tremendous Truth ! Thanks for sharing ! JL16
Good morning...Have a fantastic day everyone!!!
How dumb are some people??????
Fuck it up like you wanna
We're a new local clothing company! Big supporters of the Tremont area and its great culture! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Exclusive Discount: Save $15 on European-Esque Eyewear I don 't know about you, but I collect sunglasses! But lately, everything in the s
I'm sitting in a parking lot alone when next to me pulls up Harley Santa in his (just a lil) younger days with 2 blonde hookers in the b ...
Judge (about Givingline): "How do I trust strangers to walk my dog?" A: "Everyone has a Karma score"
#hth2012 Hong Kong memory institutions and copyright: "You can look but not touch" not #opendata No real strategy for use of heritag
thanks Jeff!!!
Hello Brandy thx for following
Hopefully you like it, if only because it is a different approach.
A Better Look At Affiliate vs Traditional Marketing Article by Allen Henderson What is the difference in affiliate vs tradit
I'm in a new York state of mind
I love Siri...
Friends can try you to persuade you to hate on people you don't even know.
To celebrate iPad3 day i might use my iPad2.
trevor Hoffman
A&E shows must have "wars" somewhere in the title
RT : More readers than I would have predicted are calling in to say they miss #Marmaduke, which no longer runs.
Lol very confused I'd say. Oh wait, guess where I just happen to be? In NJ, not that far to go #spankdatass & show 'em
Love this! RT I'm there. #mla09 RT : Don't have any interviews at the MLA Convention in Seattle? Join us.
.RT tom_peters Instant responses to anything, grand or trivial, are by definition thought deprived.
Mybad I'm late I was at work
Rolling and listening to some funky music with the bass up!!! This bassplayer is crazy funky!
Awh that is awesome! yeah I had work a little bit earlier today):
I see a refrigerator and it *looks* cold from the outside.
Looks lovely. Can't wait to get my issue in the mail.
Officially just completed reading CatchingFire. On to the next one! Can't believe how good this series is.
prediction: Jaws out of MNF both next season
No problems. Wife saw it on my iPhone and wanted it & I discovered it was gone. I hope you eventually work it out with the cos.
Superior Plus Corp. Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydrochloric Acid Capacity
Are you a professional manson follower? Does that pay well? I need a job.
Think it's going to rain soon..
New this Summer! Graffiti Look and new Scents added to my collection :)
to all the self entitled jack asses that like to cause a scene in a restaurant think about the ones less fortunate than you!
Fixed RT : Omg Doug Mirabelli came back and I'm Devastated.
Ale Miley is here in miami!! WE MUST FIND HER!!!!!!
I'm doin ok how about ur self stranger
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 15
I hope you like your pictures facing down.
Amongst your choices, it definitely wins in the 'most influential of our generation's formative years' category.
Brewer game with sec 114 row 9
St Anthony HS of Long Beach,CA has decided to part ways with Boy's basketball coach Chris Morrison who is one of the young and upcoming
I didn't fail my senior paper! Can I just graduate now?
Make sure to check out my #thefortvc brothers at tonight!
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J username: HaiLyHiLLLL
what the fuck you drive? The batmobile?! You disappeared into the night and shit!
“: I can rant about irrelevant Shit.” no fucking lie I can do the same
great show tonight! (I'm saying that whilst walking briskly from my kitchen to the bathroom)
They are still going to try and start at 5pm today. But the field is no where near ready and there is no sunshine
I'm upset. I want this day to end already.
#curlsunleashed was smashing.. And my banner was hot.. Check out the blogs
I do what I can.
Awesome ! What an honor that must have been!
hit my line
#MentionTo that friend who always has a jacket but won't let anybody wear it(:
I saw bird lady too!
“Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.” - Yogananda
Enhanced newspaper web presence will mean more local news, more connections to readers, more fun stuff.. J. Barron
got excited by this, assumed you had exploded into a flurry of early tweets. then checked dates. haha!!! good man!
I just finished a 4,20 km run with a time of 20:37 with Nike+ GPS.
not really
I get to hear my favorite Ravel, La Valse played live by the DSO while I'm at work in Pittsburgh? Serious Friday win.
'he's been the love of my life for 66 years, he's my story' omg balling
Wow I just realized if we all end up married one day we won't carry on the #Robinson name :-(
I really hope I could play drums for you or write a song for you someday...Thank you for the reply!
we always said we would so lets go! (:
nope.. I just added u here.. ahh okay. may magagalit bah?
Noticed everything is up and running for you now...good luck with your fine establishment!
only 17 points... no biggie lol.... still 2 and something quarters to watch :) #GoPackers!!
Oh I'm sorry, I thought you meant what you promised me. Silly me.
We should totally go find an arcade to play in today. dead serious.
Love the new single. Heard it on the radio here in Milwaukee. Why are you not playing summerfest? Youll be in the area!
Yummy beer.
YOU'RE ON A RUBY TUESDAY
lmfaooo yezzzzzzz I was like "k" ! And how did you see this ?
I sure do make some really poor decisions sometimes..
is that a sports story?
ditto! must see TV RT : Now watching #Uprising: Hip Hop & the L.A. Riots on VH1.
no ive never herd a stranger say itto me :P
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments. oh yeah babes......I love doin it reaaalllll slow ( wink !)
I feel like I can do so much more but I keep making excuses to avoid failure and disappointment.
your gonna be in my fanfic okay? (:
my Cinematography prof was arrested for filming a prostitute from across the street...
It's a sticky situation...
this is so funny lmao
Punk is going to beat Bryan at Over the limit
Problem: Uneven skin tone. Solution: TimeWise® Even Complexion Mask & Essence – Used together, these two are the Even Complexion Power Pair
I don't even understand tht tweet abt rat & mice & bees in a trap so I cant RT abt thirst...bah!
[Answr] - Tatevossian - traditional cabling back should include new media actors. Reporting back has always been part of job.
God. My mom fucking wierds me out.
Nah Tsu Surf should battle cassidy or eminem for a 100 stacks on pay per view. set it up.
Just finished reading about one for one program.
Awh! <3 The song Moments is BEAUTIFUL. You must listen to it!
I fell asleep early last night, idk why I'm still tired.
but if u don't post pics on there it's pointless lol
I went on STRIKE from tweetin Alexa but its soo tempting right now lol.
I'm so teary reading stories of gay couples in NY getting married today. Love is a beautiful thing.
ok thanks
I am so happy right now.
Niggas be in Chipotle looking at their food being made through the window like hawks, lol. It's cool homie, he won't skimp on the chicken.
So excited for Madonna!!!!!
econ and stats now
Great Pics. How is everything with you?
wait.. A different one?
left out blogspot, bud...
I don't know..he just gives off bad vibes. I think he may be though :|
yeah but you have like 10 years of experience on me. That's not fair.
Pitino hasn't lost his team, he just wants to make another run at an NIT Title.
Thanks so much sweetie. It is such a blessing came at the right time in my life when I needed the change.....
Haha pr0n stars. I reported you as spam to twitter. Haha. Bow before me. Um... Yeah.
Staycation starts today through next wednesday... going places is overrated!
Sexting and cyberbullying have completely filled the void.
i still feel really bad for coming at during practice today. :(
"I seriously cannot wait to go see the Hunger Games with all of my homies"- No straight guy, ever.
I'll look out for you when I read the gossip section in the papers =)
I'm excited for everything that's in store for and their fans!
Bail Denied for Two Assailants in Jonathan Duhamel Attack, Including Ex-Girlfriend
I can't stay up late at all anymore
Our fliers will be in next week. Look for them at your local businesses. Let us know if we can bring some to your place of business.
Anyone with ooVoo can ooVoo me. I'm so bored! My username is kiaranewman1D
The thing that I believe gets in our way is our ego. Watch your ego. Do not let it get the best of you by persisting.
Can't wait for what's to come!
lol we dvd everything, but have enough for every night! We haven't done the wire, which everyone says we must
The sun shines brighter today.
U were making me cry!:( RT : Practically tearing up with , I love her so much <3
Steelers still got this. who wanna bet?
And u know u gonna some where,to make a better life.I hope that u find it on the first try...
Makes sense. How is Rdio different?
Believe me I'm thankful for my "look" whatever that means but it must be converted to meaningful progress in my career...
No time to sleep
Only befriend vegetarians. There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
Dan Porter (), CEO of OMGPOP: if you want to be a hit business, you have to make lots of products. Then one will be a hit.
Tanning & shopping with <3
Good friggin luck finding a decent basket if you live in the suburbs
There you go.
Bummer :( But then again, you might be super busy as it is hit or miss whether wineries are closed or not.
We love what you do for NPs!
Changing lives one day, one hour, one meal at a time today :)
The team hasn't gotten Convey and Zusi's cornerkick memo.
Join us in welcoming Technologies to Twitter!
I'm so fed up with everything.
i have no idea! are you?
If you think I'm mugging you I'm probably not... that's just my default look on my face.
i got Texas Toast in my sinuses!
It was Ben Franklin in An Economical Project, a discourse on the thrift of natural versus artificial lighting.
RT : GOT ACCEPTED TO THE STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM IN SEVILLA, SPAIN !!! Congratulations! Hope you enjoy and rate your program...
I don't think u should fall into love u should more of walk into it and stay with it. Why would u wanna break ur face by falling?And if
Lol, its funny how people say love brings happiness, when all I see is fighting, pain, and anger
Sounds like fun, and what a beautiful day for a nice bike ride :)
“: On a date with a pitcher of beer. Lemme tell you, he is saying all the right things. #singlegirlproblems”
Got "Love On Top" By Beyonce stuck in my head. Lol.
“: Yes sir it is. Lol”Knew it! Ha
Cool. I'm based here in FL, but travel to NY often for bus. Trying to exhale lately but that doesn't always work.
You might be on to something that's purrrfect...
Relaxing at coastal bend college before my show tonight in beeville
umm let me ask Maria lol *rolls r*
Retrain Tip: Sleep & rest some instances is more important than exercise. Too little of proper rest can cause more stress on the body.
This cookout irkin me
Let the long day commence...
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Ball game!
Huzzah, my beautiful brown stripey finally came home!! =D So happy!
You know a prescription drug is fucked up if one of the side effects are thoughts of genocide
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
If you black out with your sac out ... This is what you say ... Sorry for Party Rockin
Tmrw at Marion 5-7 - A LOT OF #SEEDLINGS! We'll be picking up tons fr Farm - tomatoes, peppers, eggplants & more.Interested?
that's great cuz your sister said she'll do it
is working on booking more concerts. Dates coming soon.
nicki were both trini's alike and i really like ur music...
So exciting!
My bubbles!
And this, by the way, is why you play your stars when you're up 12 with 4 minutes left.
Honey Vanilla greek yogurt + granola= delicious
bow bow bow !!
LOL it hasn't happened probably never will...
Tomorrow is your first day in your 40s - wring every last drop out it too, and the next, and the next...
hey hey watch that potty mouth lol
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan & Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95%, 97% & 98%, respectively!
At 11, latest details on security scare at Hartsfield Jackson and hear from passengers who were locked down in concourse.
In 1985 Clint Eastwood recalled a word of advice from his old drama coach. The advice? "Don't just do something - stand there."
IT'S MARVELOUS
I love people-listening in public, always amazed by all the info floating around me ;-)
Milwaukee Mijas celebrating the life and work of Frida Kahlo at the market this Saturday. Check out their page for more information.
Go Packers! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
Oh yeah, only a real loney-loser-hater would complain about such a thing!
#RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Great memory of seeing #BeastieBoys open 4Rap Tour @ #RVA Coliseum in mid '80s! Crowd of 10,000 stayed on their feet!
hes academically ineligible for the tourney
ugh turn on!
So true. I went to his college and he gave a talk. There was something melancholy behind the grit and wry humor.
How did your meeting go
b-day dinner,going to Mexico and Cali
Chicago Man Receives Robotic Kidney Transplant After 17 Years
uh oh. drink lots of water, crazy!
he's mine! Back off! We're engaged. And I will be riding into our wedding on Lady Rainicorn.
You may be a saint, but you're the same as me.
Definitely exciting. You'll be able to take the Expo Line the next time you come visit at #USC!
Matthew, I returned your overhead projector and put it in your filing draw. Have a good weekend ...
in CO for the weekend. Cousin's wedding
Kenny,I'm tired of seeing pitchers bunt with men on base,their grown a$$ men.Do you see the DH added to the NL in the future.
So who's getting the new iPad?
see you there!
Happy Tuesday everyone! What type of pet do you have? We want to have coupons for all pets.
Thanks!! You ROCK! =D
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Jacking off while taking a shit is a HUGE time saver. Thank you God for putting my holes opposite each other!
When you set your alarm for the time your shift starts >>>>
RT Associate yourself with people of good quality, it is better to be alone than in bad company- Booker T Washington
I lose everything. I need to buy a velcro suit.
LOVE this D!!!
i love u . Still u .
Help tornado victims today. is taking cash donations on the circle until 7PM. You don't even have to leave the car.
whats good with a advance copy of that "3:16am" =)
- No; I'm settling for plain ones. Figured I would give those a shot in my networking/freelancing before trying luxe
The first 10 years of a girls life are spent playing with barbies. The next ten years are spent trying to look like one
come back to Cali!
That's great! Keep us posted on your progress!
I always wait in your profile so you can tweet something
haha I ate a nitrous sandwich for breakfast
so lucky! I want one on my foot!
SEDUCTIVE REPULSION
Interesting so far Walker was ignored most of the Democrats in the chamber while shaking hands down the aisle
why you hate me tho
Thx for sponsoring lunch for #YPWeek event today - so yummy!!! -CarolV, IF Twittrer
Isn't it so much fun...? RT : I was just giving you a hard time. :)
thanks julie im a little better
I blink and there are 91 new tweets and I only follow 32 people. Not sure I can handle this....
setting up a personal portfolio website!
LOL hope you're feeling better!
We've just hit 1,000 Facebook friends! Thank you everyone!!
Yikes Steeler D thinks its a 4pm game huh
I think I missed the last episode of Greys anatomy bc I have no idea as to why they were even on that damn plane
it's almost like an adult Goonies.
see the convo thread
ALREADY GET RIGHT SO THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT TO MY SHOOT @ OQUA LOUNGE SAT. 5-7.
love you
Rihanna killed it!!! But the blondes gotta go...
what up twitter followers i just woke up and i wanted to appreciate all my followers for following me!
Good morning!
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Children on sidebars of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
They're having a meet and greet. :)
Room service with a nice tip for the waiter #Bruins 1-0
I don't typically catalog snippets. Rather than amass a huge catalog of production, I tend to gear more towards custom tracks...
Hung out with the girlfriend this evening to celebrate our first month together. Had a great time. Kicked her butt in Mario Kart
How is Zack!?
Surprise hours again today! We'll be here from 10-2 today. Come on down for brunch!
Mark, thank you...
A3: Get more involved at the org you work at. If they are looking for volunteers for an internal project/committee, sign up.
Mind maps never do more for me than traditional list outlines. What am I missing?
Hey there, thanks for the follow! Hope all is well.
take my pictures!!!:)
I wanna ride the cat and the hat with
your twitter name looks different
Busted! 45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians - San Antonio Express
Haven't been on twitter in a while..getting my band shit straightened out..what's up?
MT : ISO of some perfect, recent liveblog (event) examples for my Writing for Convergent Media class. Feel free to share links.
Feeding the beast Gasol with 13 points and 7 rebounds 3 offensive. Continue to let him work
Fox may as well just grab a giants fan from the stands to announce the game. Buck openly rooting for NY.
Right?...right? Don't pretend like you didn't at least give it a thought hahaha. Every girl likes flowers(;
you are an amazing actor<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Skynet moving to shut down legal ed. RT : The cali.org website is currently not available. We'll let you know when it's back online.
#np Arlington Drive - Man Overboard. I fucking love this song/band.
we already beat em once
I will never understand this math section
About to just cool in my room until I get hungry and then ima head to the caf...
WCC has deep ties as religious institutions, AFA doesn't really fit into that schema
anytime, anywhere, hey girl are you down to......oh.
A great twitter moment. You rock, girl.
I used to think everyone was entitled to happiness.......I know better now
So excited about this review copy of "Indomitable Will." LBJ is the most underrated president.
Yesterday's digital divide is today's global divide - students need #IntlEd & #StudyAbroad to be competitive in today's economy
“: I am master of the fajita! Delicious indeed!” I'll definitely second that!
Whatever it takes.
ha he said he loves it when we come in since we always provide entertainment
Yes you two should definitely meet. You will love each other.
hahahahahaha kid talk bout cyber bullying!!
Lol true...but when most artists don't go to bed until 3:00 AM, we need our sleep. So, you have my sympathy. (:
I'm not going to Comic-con. I went last year but can't make it this year.
is Sexy rel to love!I will RT you
Limping around on my gimpy ankle today. Found my compression wrap, which helps considerably. Philly sidewalks can be hazardous!
The bats have definitely been disappointing. Its still too early for panic, though.
RT : FYI, Editor Nick Wakeman dishes on the Top 100 government contractors tomorrow at 2 pm EST in a free eseminar....
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets. Are you in Miami?
14360 ciera, poway. Give guard at gate address. Arrive 10 early and drive around 2 check out neighborhood
realest tweet i seen all day yo
awh you're so sweet!
goodbye Grandma
Same here, so I'm totally down for that. Let's do it!
someone should invent a growler delivery service that you can purchase through twitter
Glad your joining us for Writers Hall of Fame event. I need a mailing address to send invite.
no no no no (Kevin hart voice)
Everyones saying I have a southern accent ...
i cant belive good luck charlie is coming back on im so excited!
Yes, that was the reference.
Give Biden a Sunday show but change the length every week but inform him how long right before he goes on air. Anything b/t 5 and 60 min.
Amy Winehouse found dead. What a loss!
JUST CHILLIN RIGHT NOW...ITS TO FUCKIN HOT OUTSIDE.....
@ I don't work for that company anymore. It was a corporate account with Mango Languages
To all the procrastinators out there: good enough is the new perfect.
Almost 5:00, Thank God!!! I'm so ready to go home.
Way to stick together boys....we still have time! WOW
Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart & soul & make himself SEEM more authentic.
ok so I meant followed in last Tweet... 4give Blackbery thumb texting
RT - They need to put da Jacksonville sharks n da NFL n put da jaguars n da AFL. Dats my opinion!!!
Not beyond our usual bloggers | RT : Q7: Have you worked with outside bloggers for specific posts/projects?
your #Boston accent in #30Rock sucks! Come to the #Bean next time you have a role like that! Sry
And the thunder can start any time now to clear out the sticky mess that is the air right now ...
What is true happiness? It's not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. Helen Keller
Waiting 4 the kids to go to bed
#YouGetMajorPoinsWhen you come to all my baseball games ;) and even take a foul ball off the back to watch me play!
My brunch bloody Mary came with a beer back. "It's a Milwaukee thing."
my mom just emailed me bout a show casting people who are "constantly hungry". "You have to submit!" she said...No one knows ya like family!
All I want to do is watch you're beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I hate slow internet..
This is pretty Damn fun!
They are good. I like them :)
hi thanks! I will as soon as it gets finished .should be this week.
Yes please light up your cigarette as you pump gas across from me at Citgo.
The Dateline: Getting to Like You
Congratulations, Grant! Welcome officially to #PackerNation. Faith, Family & Football
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 50
Thanks for sharing our vid - rock stars, indeed!
So un-motivated lately!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Oh you are going to turn Gin and Juice? That's my fucking song!
No one told me blonde was back! Aubrella is coming for y'all.
off to make someone's home office run more efficiently
no you
What if I ask you a good question- do I get a stupid reply?
Always taste your words before you spit them out.
That would render the pork double-pulled. // RT : I need some type of pulled pork dispenser.
please put this woman in Playboy!
Good index of a good job. Beware the ones where the dread is justified.
Some Boys, Some Girls reminds me of hearing your music for the first time almost 7 years ago.
Bord in class I got in trouble anyone els RT
MVP, Wayne Rooney! job well done.
Carlos Marmol is my favorite Cub. Go #Reds!
I couldn't love a man so purely, even prophets forgave his crooked way.
FINALLY! Finished with the State Exams, :D But Now I have Projects to do -.- What's up with you guys? :)
or ill juat make it really cute haha :) love you v
R.I.P Dick Clark...I give you a 100..:(
Aw, it makes you kinda feel sorry for him
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
RT I am.rooting got whoever . Winner better take.the pats down .Slow ur role homie ...LOL you'll b wearing Boston gear soon
Floor, Floors, All Type of Floors....Wood, Tile, Carpet, Travertine, Stone & Granite..Mention Twitter posting and get 10% discount!!!!
DeMaio says he has lots of plans, but isn't just relying on plans. He's already working on the plans he's laid out.
Thanks Josh! Will you give me a call when you have a few minutes to talk?
Me too Adam. Disturbing!
#FridayFightAgainst bullies... I have been bullied before and I hated it:/
TONIGHT: Watch Big Trouble in Little China while enjoying one if our Asian food specials. Second movie in this theme TBD.
You can always see in others whatever traits of character you are looking for. Napoleon Hill
my specific situation is the upgrade to 2.90...
put those blunts down & take a bong rip
What are you waiting for? Help us spread the word about the #FreshCoastClassic. Suggest your friends to "like" us...click here......
Since you always make me wait on a reply, I'm making you wait this time. How do you like it?
RT got this weird feeling ....
Sitn herr watch next top model. Dealn with this break up. Its hard but i had to do wat i had 2. Can't carry dead weight
Tourney in Ohio with #ValleyStorm <U+2764><U+26BE>
im so hugry
RT : Opportunities rarely match our initial impressions. Don't let them simply pass by...
Sorry to miss you. I see you found Monica Fernandez. Glad. Was my one suggestion. Nice work on the community profile.
Thank you for the #Astorga coverage.
Falling asleep thinking about something, knowing you dreamt about it, but waking up completely forgetting what it was
yoo I need the incredibles on dvd asap
Thoughtful question. The great news is this: I won't feel cheated on and YES I will still buy you beer too! Win, win, win. Sign up
We just purchased three new units for 2012! Get ready for our 18' inflatable mega slide and human joust. Pictures will be posted soon.
platypus day? it's MY day yaaay <U+2764><U+263A><U+2764>
2. Starts a windchime collection in their backyard. Is your neighbor.
Since he doesn't tweet, plse tell Matt Lauer 4me Tom Cruise was right. He IS glib. Horrible intervw w C Brinkley
I mean, I don't know. I assume it's terrible because Gwyneth Paltrow is in it...
Looks like they're just about done here.
nope she never died , her man just imagined what happend ? it was just him thinking that , she faked her death !
(3 of 3) Comprehensive group of experts vote on 10th building to select 'most influential building in US history'
Aww thats too bad :( i feel so bad :( poor her !!
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" in-stock now. Beautiful, soft warm tones and grain.
Takes the guess work out so you can be confident.
You seem so excited for a Philly score... RT : Touchdown Philadelphia! WR Tiger Jones scores to put the Soul up by 8! 48-40!
I wish I had listened to you this morning. I did not look my best after running through the rain this afternoon!
thank you!
I'm back to carrying a cane around with a diddy bop like some kinda pimp smh
Oh man am I late
So confused?
lmao no, I'm still a hard working man.
Still stoke about The X Factor News.. I'm so excited to see every week on national TV!
I like to vote because, at least for a few minutes, it seems like we're all equal.
Sup tweeters
In my gym class I would rather run all by myself! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
WOW THIS RAIN IS REALLY EFFECTING ME INSIDE MY HOUSE DRIVE IN THE RAIN OVER HERE SO WE CAN CUDDLE AN LISTEN TO IT TOGETHER CAUSE IT SOOTHING
Continuing a proud, age-old tradition, you will hand over your family's priceless heirlooms to the next generation of Chinatown pawnbrokers.
Happy Birthday!(:
Has anyone seen my husband? He's in here somewhere....
Hey, near front of house, Red Bull's table/booth come say what's up!
SOPA and PIPA want to use censorship to "stop theft." That is unacceptable. The American people have spoken.
Hooray, we have a AEBP hashtag for this year, please use #EmptyBowl for all things related to the Austin Empty Bowl Project
you guys made nice viewing partners for the 74th Annual Hunger Games! :)
Love my Mary Kay Lip Gloss ;)
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 38
I can't wait for the boys to start touring and stuff again. I'm getting bored on twitter :p
i'll give you $10 if you actually tell her "fuck jesus". but you have to post a copy of the email for us to see.
RT : Nothing says front runner like kids in Indiana who wear N. Carolina gear
Freebie roundup - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
This womens been coming into my job for about 4 years and gets on the picture machine & says the same thing "I'm dumb at this can you help"
#TheLorax cleaned up at the ! 70.7M... not bad. Predict #JohnCarter will clean up w/ only #FriendsWithKids as competition.
isn't that the problem? To each his own, I guess. Not like we've ever disagreed before ;)
Me too! I wish they had a new album like every month! Haha :))
I read "sit" as "shit" and was like WTF?!?!! hahahahaha
Special heartfelt thanks to my JB family for a memorable weekend
jim and pam on #theoffice are so cute that it makes me want to cry.
Hey bud.
Ever get the feeling that something bad that happened in the past will happen again.
I memorize really good
Due to popular demand, PacificLiquor.com is now featuring brighter colors.
Enjoy!!! RT ": Happy birthday beautiful!!! Hope you have an amazing day! :)"
Just heard a radio ad for a meat sale at the Waco mall... 20 ribeyes for $20!
Nassau County police warn senior citizens of distraction burglaries after seven incidents these past few weeks.
i give up it's either my phone or that has messed up twitter mobile!
awww!! I'm doing very good! How about you?? Did you enjoy you last few days in LA??
oohh bye bye
that my friend would be an advantage when you get old.
I'm glad you and the family are safe, Anna. :)
You want to do a contest through Melco?
#Ortiz just posted he's signing with the
Doesn't a conversation involve listening? lol! ;)
Provo, Spain? Utah.
I should hope POTUS trip to Afghanistan is "unannounced." Why do media always include that in the leade?
Is that a flashing green light I see?
just got done playin frizbee at the park! hope today is a better day=] ->KimBeezy<-
this class is wack a'f :)
1st pitch swing & pop-up AB. Hmm, Derek, we need to talk. Come over tonight. You still have my keys, right?
…We have a FREE program to assist survivors. If you know a survivor who may qualify, have them call (323) 549-5883 to set up an appt.
I'm a person of African descent
If I could offer one piece of advice to business owners it would be to have some integrity. Follow through with your promises.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned. -Buddha
To be fair, the only person I've seen complaining about the refs is Reggie Miller.
that would be pretty fun but I am not going to be in attendance to see Rey drop the 619 on someone.
chill dude. I thought we were joking. I really didn't mean it lol.
Tech goddesses: beyond Dropbox, are there other cloud services you recommend for large video and photo files?
Watching election coverage feels like sitting atop a great wall, staring at petty political chaos and wars, thinking: But winter is coming.
Today, er, Tonight in Sports: Pirates at Braves, airs on ROOT 7:35 ...
? RT : Volunteered to plant flowers in planter by our condo pool. Suggestions for full sun?
I keep seeing this thing about being able to marry my first cousin in NC, but check it out: all my first cousins are dudes.
In Chicago having an immersive experience at Grant Park Music Festival.
Business Cards and Brochures of our Chamber Partners are placed in the Chamber Lobby as well as the Sponge Docks Visitor Center.
Congrats to CityTV for bringing the "Got Talent" franchise to Canada. The first real TV talent show (more than just singers) in Canada,
What did people do in waiting rooms before cell phones?
Where my real clients at? The ones who care about quality more that price!!
or Seattle ...?
Omg. You had me at "truffle"... and with mac/cheese, it sounds heavenly
I'm having one of those too, darling *hugs*
2NITE @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Entertainment Industry Mtg 8-10 w/ 4 major speakers.Party After 10-2am!
the busy busy busy never ends! holidays=antirelax
Spending time with my sister & her sister:D >>>
Finished my personality report; it really shouldn't have taken that long! Time to move on to millions of other projects.
Thanks for the #followfriday :)
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you they'll buy you the new MIW cd when it comes out as an early birthday gift(:
Best way to start off a night with friends? Blast HYFR
re: your hair in the opening credits - anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :)
Saw my babe before work, make that $$$ so you can bring that bacon <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> to momma
Did any THATCampers publish notes on the Hacking the Dissertation session? If so, I would like to see them.
that's awesome baby. You have been missing them too much.
Toast, coffee, vitamins, twitter for breakfast. Such a balanced diet. At least twitter has no calories, LOL.
BB King & Buddy Guy playing in #DC next Tuesday (8.30) @ DAR Constitution Hall @ 730 pm
#WhyDoIAlways GO TO THE FRIDGE EVERY 10MINS AND IK WHATS IN IT
it was a few Falls ago.
That's cuz everyone loves the SF GIANTS ! ! ! :-) Smart people are Giants fans! <3
I'm writing a book.
Thanks, hope you have good week ahead
How did we get here so fast? It's our last Monday of #AFT awesomeness!
Our silent auction is doubling in size! Wayne Gretzky + Joe Montana signed jerseys - just added!!!
Need less than 400 MORE followers for us to give YOU a HD FLIP CamCorder! Follow MomAdvocate on Twitter to WIN!
Did we already say we had an awesome weekend? Thanks for coming out #ROC #SummerWrite #Poetry Potluck & Pinot
thanks. Game tonight at Dorey. Trying to figure out if we play...
So Meek Mills dream chasers 2 mixtape is alright
#GOPClownCar file Mittens the Mormon High School Bully under "people don't change" Sorta explains the whole Bain thing, huh?
true story
It's complicated...
Im going through some hard times right now,I promise I will have your fan video done soon!<3
Awesome! RT Read 1st 55 pgs of Schmidt's "Phil Hellmuth" book on new phone while eating comped lunch at Mandalay. Life seems OK
Yeah and who better to curse than Tebow? Is he uncursable? I need to know RT that's is the most legitimate curse ever
Haha refreshing Facebook page and every 2 seconds he has more likes than before
time for work, hopefully it'll fly by so I can get home for more NHL hockey
I love DF. If you have time check out museum of anthropology in Zocalo
doesn't have a phone if you wanna meet up tweet at me
At great technology conference for languages
I thought it was! #Lakers on the brain 24/7!
I want the young lady I met not the bitch you became
Great night! RT : How was the Young MKE Holiday Gala?
Austin High was a dissapointment. A few good laughs though.
Skinny Minnie Many Fur
How to pray or do we even pray? meditate?
Gr8t PH folks
Some girl on my news fed just added a pic of herself & put the description "Youve got that one thing <U+2764>" no hun just no . GTFO
Before you act judgmental, Fix whats wrong in your own damn life first.
what you favorite new song ?
have a fantastic birthday!
Dang I got beat posted to slow yet another earthquake!!
I want to go to the beach
There is nothing open but legs and liquor stores so what should you expect? rns!!!
Got Van Halen tickets for the June 1 Staples Center Show. Hope they don't break up before then.
u already know cuz...keep spreading this & ...the email list is growing everyday!!!!
You should be fine there. A whole lot of WWDC folks stay there. I'm just down the street at the Pickwick.
Follow me 2moro nite @ UPPER ROOM in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave . FELLAS get there early this is where all the hottest ladies come to play
are you on phone? Try computer if so
Kyran, little man!!
How many Dems voted "no" on Dem budget again? Oh, right. 22. RT : 10 House Republicans vote No on Ryan #budget, 0 Democrats vote Yes
The east side (s of Locust, n of ogden) ... ethnic food in the Brady area, great sandwich places, great pizza
#BosWsh Can't say the #Capitals aren't earning their money this series. Taking the bite out of the bear.
Thanks for the input :)
I need a twitter group.Somebody tweet me a group and lets be friends lol lol
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend! Don't disappoint
I'm so proud of you !!
Have u ever worn a hat so long u forgot u were wearing one..? Or maybe earrings or something.
WE GOTTA GET THE STUDIO JUMPING THIS WEEK BRUH... HOLLA AT ME
That was Good speech....
How Katie is spamming me <
Great first session...loved Ken Davis who brought his wonderful humor to the evening. Great reminder that God is the author of joy
In class but still tweeting (: #rulebreaker :P
Don't tell me your life's hard right now, sorry. Just don't.
late to the party here Doug...where can we find you for the 4 Wide here in Charlotte?
In debt & vulnerable to the whims of advisers and programs, for grad students "support' is a euphemism for exploit!
he jumps on every bandwagon.
just caught you on #dexter season 5, so evil!
"nothing last forever"
clicked on a huffington post link, saw your face! Hope all's well in CoMO!
Waiting on the world to change...
The #oscars feels like bad dinner theatre.
RT : When are you going to have that blog up? < aargh, too many balls in the air! :(
The only place where I fight my craving for sleep is at school.
Iron Man is your franchise QB, Captain America is Tim Tebow-like fan fave. Thor is your almighty edge pass rusher with long locks.
Super short shorts and a hoodie. Either you're cold or you're not.
# 7 song, summer 1970: Ride Captain Ride, The Blues Image.
Starting school on wednesday
Can't watch that right now or else I'll be home cooking it for lunch AGAIN today!
I have a dog , nice shoes wanna fuck ?
LIVE 4 THE MOMENT!")
when james brwn 1st saw all black staff @ soul train, he asked don cornelius who ran it. Don told him I did. He didn't believe & asked again
“: Follow me on instagram home slices” Same username?
I drink Champagne when I win, to celebrate…and I drink Champagne when I lose, to console myself. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte
shit bro when u commin back
RT : New, awesome girl!! :) : Everyone welcome to our little family! #newgurl yay! Welcome to the fam
Home Sweet home, Ill enjoy it while i can....
You're great!! Now where is that Lab assignment you are working on?? Hm>!>!>!
The lessons that nonprofit organizations can take from this are that savvy media and marketing matter, president of Advertising for Humanity
Cool windy afternoon in Brooklyn
fuuuck. friday needs to hurry up and get here.
Fantasizing about the future is one of my favourite pastimes. - RICHARD BRANSON
Separation of Church/State is in our Constitution, but it never seems to be honored!
Feliz Birthday, my dear!!
damn it!!!!!!!!! Stay home then tomorrow you r more valuable than today :)
RT : Briefing schedule, w MDL Panel, to determine if transfer is proper completed by May 16, w decision shorty thereafter
Alt. Country Pop Songwriters needed for TV Project. email: (Serious Inquiries Only, Please!)
Daily GTKY question: How do you take your coffee?
Cute pic of Coco-Bear. My parents' dog looks very similar.
Petty followers. <<<<
4 people, not including myself, have KSR on their laptops in the back of class
Now home after 2.5 weeks there. Unbelievable space. Best ever, tho far to go.
Francisco Cordero kind of blows... BLOWS SAVES
You should check your DM's ^.^
I didn't know there was a new CD coming out.. I have almost all your CDs. Can you get it online?
Bored as hell.
merp. and i'm running a fever too. most definitely food poisoning -_______- .
#STAR mercury in its joy in 1st/ascendant bc of dual nature (diurnal/nocturnal) & by whole sign 1st house resides on both sides of horizon
10 mins of of time! Newcastle you can hold on!
The Fantastic Mr. Fox is the most delightful thing since whiskers on kittens.
You have to get 10 people to like our facebook page to win tickets!!! We're giving them away al week! GO RT
Spark a flame that can change your own situation and the situations of others.
Well, fair enough. I need to get some resin stuff back on Etsy. It takes a while but I might be able to do some today. :)
Thanks for the RTs!
follow back.?
The Ultimate Treachery
Why am I stuck in atlanta?
Sorry for the delay. Im sure you've seen on it the news by now.. What do you think ?
your right, me either!
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
After White Tiger book recommendation, need more solid books. Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao Quality.
Pulled an all nighter but wen I get home! Im givin my pellows some mad head!!
“: Got a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.”
gets better with every day closer to opening day! Go Crew!
i think the question is who wouldn't follow her? :)
lets see some rain tnite, and sun tommorow!
They can run but they can't hide.People don't forget our forgive that easy.
all of us have and it DOES get better. The Rutgers suicide is such a tragedy.
Yes, I am wearing a hoodie over my hoddie.
Goodmorning I feel wonderful :) time to make moves .
Refs are pretty inconsistent tonight
yeah I think it's time too follow me. It's important to your health!
OOPS! I retweeted.
The vikings held a players only meeting and determined they can no longer win the division.
We just uploaded new recipes to our website...be sure to check it out for meals, appetizers and desserts for all your holiday needs!
alejo i'm working tomorrow and Saturday... Just saying
Girls who say "I'm sexy and I know it" no honey, you're slutty and you blow it
Teaching some ladies parkour!
3 FROM THE RIGHT WING, FIRST BAKSET OF THE GAME BY KANNON!!!! FREE BASKETBALL FROM KATY!!!
don't believe becuz he started that acct the night he was with G.Bush. We always know when they r on roadway
Heard the DC area got hit with an earthquake... Hope all is OK
you better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
they could really form a group they both killin it
that's why it's such a miracle that I just won!
CAUSEWEAR is the #MOVEMENT121 brand of performance clothing and jewelry, active wear, shirts, socks, jackets, hats, shoes, Jewelry & more!!.
Hi! Let me show you how to feed Twitter to FB one of these days. Your life will be at least 40% easier. <3
Hot Mess Express this miserable Monday morning...pants are way too big and I have a hole in the butt of them
Lets Learn Fun Facts About Darold Boley From What Donna Boley Heard: Hes a manwhore, and slept with Zach's wife.-That Will Be All For Today.
No, I haven't - perhaps I'll add to the Kindle. I need to load up before New Zealand.
ok..i know we are tired of the snow...but you have to admit it is truly the most beautiful site!....heavenly made...delicate and gentle...
i hate facebook...just putting that out there.
"You cannot get away from #Solar energy: bask in the sun, drying clothes on the clothes line, sail a boat."
Um that tweet he just sent imma kill that lame mothafucka
I remember 2010. We had been waiting for 10 years... Enjoy.
I'm not sure. I'll ask & let you know! Are you coming tomorrow night to First Saturday? The artists will be there for Q&A.
Milk (and wool pants) were a bad choice
On the local bus since I no longer trust the Blue Line, until the Expo Line opens.
I'm with you, the school system is very inept.
theres not as bad of a wait for those ones .
is trying to get into the Christmas "spirit" and can't get the darn bottle open..geez!
#Bulls clinch first place!!! Thanks Boston!
Printed and framed awesome image, ate kimchee ramen, friend got the present I sent, weather is amazing. Spring is here. Life is good.
Evan Wrekn Take the Globe Will be next season. we will start in Nigeria and Japan.
tonight was great!! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
If you make cool art. I will hang it in my office, cause I need the inspiration.
Thanks for the mention and you are welcome :)
FOLLOW ME SO WE CAN CHAT :))
#SameName is SO good. Go #miketyson's go, great show!
Sorry everyone. A TweetDeck error caused some personal tweets to get sent by Time for a new app I guess!
America beat north korea 2-0 in women's soccer, but north korea is still the best korea.
Have YARN and know how to use it? Come to the Jazz Gallery during ArtWalk weekend & we'll let you bomb (decorate) the installation outside!
H-Yes.
People always tell me I'm gunna miss high school. Umm no, I'm not going to miss people tormenting me because I'm Gay. t-.-
good luck.
$alute my g I 'll do that indeed.
Our next even is officially on sale. At Sanford Monday, April 16th. Call 414-276-9608 to make reservations! KBS confirmed!
LOL, been there...RT : I just fed my daughter I the wolves.... or um the 7th grade English teacher.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine they see all day. :)
Anyone else a little creeped out how everything in a prius is so quiet? The car is silent, even the blinkers make no noise.</rant>
SN: If u keep running, & u keep believing, then u will magically find a way out of ur troubles until u ultimately reach success. Trust God!
I'm never on here as much as I used to...
Batterie us gonna die so gotta go charge it :) bye
M, deals RT #Wine of the Week-Mtn Dome NV Cuvee Forte. Mention this&get #FREE taste+20% off btl purchase! Discount price: $24.
Followed! I love All Time Low too!! ;D
you got that right. Its brilliant!!!
If any #sharepoint experts want to share their expertise with me, that would be awesome!
I need a good girl to settle my ass down
hey Q
LOVING ME SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!
Just got back from the dentist like 2 hours ago. Ugghhhh X(
Lol Yeaa we do this ;) u know its all love.. Imy alot
But first read The Newlyweds! I actually cried at the ending.
Winterhawks lose series tied 2-2 on to the next one its a 3 game series now
Join us for prayer now: 605.475.4850 ~ pin
don't forget the macarons.
thanks! :) & i didnt watch his blogtv. but i know his fans were hating on girffin... and he got really mad and upset.
your dream cracked me up. I'm glad I'm at least consistent in both your conscious and subconscious minds :)
went from taking 2 percocet every four hours to none at all want to find out how connect with me on facebook or skype id is saronokids
I wanna take lovey dovey instagram pics wit somebody ! I need a boyfriend or a boothang ! Lol the hunt is on .....
Why wouldn't we be?
R.I.P. Whitney Houston <3
damn straight I will be
M things I miss about Austin.
Cops nab suspects in SE Powell shooting. Complete details coming up on Portland's Afternoon News 4PM
We have been getting a lot of burglary calls from the UofA area. Students, usually in rental homes, have been the biggest target.
Ok this is effed up club penguin is following me O.o
Go to God with humility, then acknowledge the mis-steps you are making. Ask for greater discernment to understand bigger picture.
of course, its our boutique! We're solid in BRIC, especially good in LatAm and China, and nearly everywhere else. More soon...
Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their Facebook status.
Lucky for #unc - they SHOULD be able to handle usf/Ohio w/o marshall.
the only person worth doing that is Kobe
Thank you for unexpected shout out for
Who are you and what do you want out of life?
Stoked to see perform next week. I love that "I'm on a boat" song. 3 days of it might be kind of rough though.
Thanks Chris. What did you like about it for CMOs?
Thank you for the shout out! You're one smart cookie. People would be silly not to listen to you.
Cuz ignorance is bliss
Gotcha. I remembered seeing pics of you on FB :) I want to see Arizona v. US... it could majorly affect my future career.
hmm I think it may be next weekend. The 18th to 21st I'll check
#walkingdead season finale time! Shits about to get real
Me and fight like brother and sister every time we hang out.
Like, school?
A girl that works at Taco Bell just made my day, just by being cute.
RT Seeking volunteer or two to help stuff envelopes this week. We'll buy you lunch! DM us if interested.
American author and political analyst Graham Fuller stopped by our office today to show his support!
when u kiss her u gota make her feel it
"Robles." Nuff said.
"Iron Price" would be way more black metal than both.
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make. - Count Dracula
I don't think Trello is quite a remote Card Sorting tool. Have you checked usabiliTEST? You can also share results. Cheers.
Wearing sandals at Caffreys. I have a bad feeling about this.
it said whats happening. and i said twitter :)
Ah... Cuban food can be soo good some times... Specially if ur hungry! LOL
I'm such a loser.. What does #FF mean? XD
A hexagon. But it would be way more fun if you messed with the colors too.
Only a couple of short weeks left to come by the gallery and see beautiful works by Fiona Ross, Bill Prosser, and Kristin Reiber Harris
appreciate ya'll listening!
I was in a band and had hair down to my butt. When it cut it off I fell down twice because I felt off balance.
YOUR HAIR LOOKS SO GOOD AWH AWH
No one to talk to...
Ah I feel bad now
on this voxer shit . who trynna match up? got dhat strong my way (kush is my Cologne foo!)
Happy Fourth of July, everyone.
um, why doesn't he take you?!?!
RT : I recently adopted a highway, since I am unfortunately unable to have a biological highway
It must be part of the "slow food" movement I keep hearing about.
I think those plastic figures from that electric football game i had as a kid was more mobile than Flacco.
Lauren Steele - spoken word on the main stage
Now I Know How Felt When He Had Toothpaste In His eye. That Just Happend To Me. It Burns!
Chevrolet should just let the Corvette die a quiet peaceful death. There has not been one improvement since the Stingray.
Familiarity with your donor community lends itself to trust, which encourages donations. session 401
Talk stupid , off witcha head
love you too(:
Embedded librarians, as in managing data in the field with researchers or other data creators?
Ink Exchange by Melissa Marr: Tattoos=Bad News
Get on the list for Lotties New Year's Eve party!!! Killer live music, complementary snacks & champagne toast...$15
Someone give me and Emily something to do.
It's always been legal for idiots to marry in North Carolina. Idiots can vote and be elected too. Serious idiot situation in progress...
What an awesome photo! Thank you for sharing! Do you mind if we post this on our FB (giving you credit of course)?
I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club today. I can think of no better day than Tuesday.
Honesty and accountability create intimate relationships.
hahahahaha!! Yes he does.
She looks like you.
FEEL BETTER AND WISHING YOU A FAST RECOVERY.
got to make a trip to Miami asap
Thanks for the RT!
It's me it's me oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer!!
Music videos after music. albums when I'm done. contests when there is contests.
you first (:
So cool to see Harper ground out to the pitcher and run to first like hes trying to beat out a double play
Now that was a save by the king!!!!
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME (;
BBQ, geeks, Game of Thrones. This evening ends with grown adults in a plastic sword fight, guaranteed.
Well, our fingers are crossed. We would love to see you! Just found the bag from your wedding 2009! time flies~
Hybrid Ped is taking up all of my writing time/energy.
We are headlining locally on July 4th with and Set it off! :D We go on at 10 on Main stage be there! Retweet!
We're having another trickle-down recovery with too few jobs. As President Obama said, trickle-down has never worked. Need gusher-up
I am thrilled to hear that! Wow! Things are looking up! :) Hooray!
hahah sorry about my crabs !!
don't doubt my mind reading powers!
Wow , now that's intensity playoff type game .
LET'S HAVE A KIKI!!!
There's always a reason to not feel good enough.
I still remember meeting She was so amazing and sweet. Plus, Her smile is just pure beauty. I miss you, Stacy!!
Crain's Chicago Business reports Motorola is out as an NFL partner. What will #NFL teams do with all of those headsets?
aham.But go to his concert in L.A.!
My web design class is already making me anxious. Hopefully, I'll look back on this tweet and laugh at the end of the term.
Power is OUT at our home in Jackson Park... my 4 year old is scared and my 2 year old is confused. :/
I tried being sexy once... Never stopped
she aint gotta man, and gone off dat liquor...she bout to hit da klub and dance like a stripper"
Keller Williams Madison has launched our Commercial Division and have brought in seasoned pro, Al Lynk as Commercial Director. We are exci…
Wow, that .096% of the total walker has raised so far.
Stevie is my greatest ever. Paisley does a little blues. Stevie inspired him
The Bright Idea Challenge is great! Wish we would have applied. Is it only once a year?
love the simplicity and neutral-ness of the second one
A disturbing statistic....RT : Geena Davis says number and style of female characters the same as in 1946.
follow me pleasee
Fabolous "The Soul Tape"
RT : A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
good night! sleep well
Summer is going bi so fast n I hate it because I don't want to go bac to school!!!!.
A play about a young man with #autism overcoming #bullies. Wanna help stop bullies? Follow this link: kck.st/oF3c1k
They don't want my love. They just want my potential.
go like Xspo page
Yum! Tart is one of my favorite places to eat.
My MBP w/ 10GB of RAM still doesn't like three 30MB+ Photoshop PSDs running simultaneously. Or maybe it's my dozen safari tabs...
had to come back to twitter because #FacebookSucks so bad? Yeah, me too. :)
Tired of all these Rangers Opening Day comments so here's a first for yall, LET'S GO 'STROS OPENING DAY!!!!!!!
Now 70% of those we follow are followers!!!
hi. RT : It's #JackFriday. !!!!!!!!!!!!! FREE SHIPPING! Hundreds of styles available!
Nice to know that some things don't change.
that depends...are you? I'm always open to collaboration
Yeah, that can be tough. I am sure you will find some like minded souls who want to enjoy all of Barcelona :)
You lookin fine and I know you need attention, so pop on twitter and ill hit ya with a mention.(;
Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin. Lolol
Fire alarm in the building on day 1. Ouch.
#NBA #LAKERS KOBE is going HAM again 21 points only second quarter
« « Don't be the guy with 100 girls. #BeABetterMan and have 1 woman while 99 are chasing you. #RealTalk»»
hello Have a great day!
Woe up Nita boo!!! RT : What a day smh
hopefully you won't sleep through your stop.
I just read chapter 1 of The Forever Girl. wow - Utterly. Fantastic.
Turns out you CAN fix stupid...but it takes forever, since all the parts are back-ordered due to high demand in Washington D.C.
did you just try to call me?
There will be a playoff feeling at the Bradley Center tonight
Thanks! Our monthly showcases will be held at Solas in Raleigh!
Love "Long Island Medium!" @
Long night.. Off to bed!
Good critique of traditional testing. When are we ever in a real situation where we can't look at any outside sources of info?
This is the most fun I've ever had watching a baseball game while not at Great American. I'm becoming a fan, folks!
SEO is no small thing though. Even so... 3 out of 80 or so?
And the winner of #WinItWednesday is... ! Congrats on winning a fancy tee! Email us your size & address at
Yes, except the goals are different. That said, I miss mini-scale even if the food was different ( cc: )
"I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile" Justice Tom Clark
I know! I'm sure I'll read them again. And I keep thinking about how "we" are the Capitol, in terms of plenty and waste.
Plenty of Sponge Bob today when my sick kid needs a smile.
Would love to go to #PetcoPark. Looks like a great place to watch a game, minus the abysmal team on display.
Congrats on your GLAAD Media Award! Your work is an inspiration for the LGBT community.
i can teach you to be one if you want lol.you should put a italia sticker that will really scare him
Powerful words
Uh...Eagles? That's seems contradictory...
Where's the foul?
contracts... contracts... contracts ... and yes more contracts... smdh
well we will have to make plans to meet up at the Squire!
I ALWAYS miss the damn speedo run!!! How does that happen?! Im on the swim team! -.-
The music in the stores is often way too loud. Supposed to be background music.
you're an ass.
Sex Ed in health class
Fuck elton brand bitch ass, I wonder if he will still be giggling like a lil girl after the bulls sweep his bum ass team
wonderful. i turned on a fan that i haven't touched in about 2 weeks and it blew a shitload of dust right into my face.. bleegh.
Hit up Epic for the Tempo for "Who's Fresher?"
This week was a LONG week&I know no better way 2relax den watchin a *NEWmovie!!If u really know me u know I LOVE watching movies,awwreadiii
In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Loving the post ..It's all about the Ombre trend. Check it out!!!
A treat spending time with creative types such as yourself. I'm going to start that group...
Get your own hat!
he is a nutcase ! But I like crazy !! Watch him in game 7.
And again the rain stops after 2 min of a light sprinkle. My yard is so sad right now...
they cut your lights off
Starting panel on news literacy with and Looking forward to learning to be media watch dogs.
Excited for my first BREWERS game of the year!
" ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!! "
My new favorite condiment to put on sandwiches is cole slaw. Yes, I went there. Try it.
yeah? I was hoping for guesses, rather than admonishment.
That car is so sweet!!Just day dreaming switching gear.. : )
best halftime ever!!!!!!
Metallica concert tickets go on sale in 19 cities this Saturday
Do work! RT : bout to run this hill n steps
Me and are so nice to each other when we have conversations! Hahaha NOT
Bank holiday weekend... Here we go !
i wont support them until.......
hahah now you're speaking my language
I'm down hit me my Fiancé is the producer, he's amazing, hear my og stuff on the cloud
thanks for the retweet.
#CyberMonday Get up to 50% off tickets to select shows. Monday, Nov. 28 from 12:01 am - 11:59 pm. More details to come Sunday at noon.
Feeling really angsty tonight. Keep getting this intense urge to kill everyone around me.
The plate umpire in the Yankee game is a fucking jackass. Verlander hits leather its a strike.
Hey everyone!!! Sorry I haven't been on twitter since 2/20/11 a lot has been goin the past 2 days but things r gettin back to normal!!!! :P
Looking forward to a double date dinner party with our friends Todd and James this Friday!
Organic food shopping this weekend in Sacto? Try Folsom or Roseville, interact with customer comment touchscreen, watch video!
Enjoy a FREE cup of coffee at Coffee Bean! MAY 20, 2011 7am to 11am in Mission Valley: 925 Camino De La Reina San Diego, CA 92108.
your welcome, I miss you too :)
The man still makes me giggle like a school girl. Loved bit where he had all his books, movies, albums to promote. on Leno
Had a great MIS conference in SF. Temp was in 60s. Nice.
I need someone new to talk to me. I'm bored
Do you ever wonder if the person you're thinking about is thinking about you? or do they know that you're alive? do they notice you?
The food trucks are here! the food trucks are here!!!!
All you can eat kbbq!! So god
true, and exhausting
with for the night[: gonna see with her in augustt! yeaa buddy!<3
The city's sexiest bikini bar, crazy girls, is hosting an evening full of sex and booze starring us and July 20th!!
WEDS QUOTE: “When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.” - Therese Benedict /
Have to deal with this problem. WTF! Bush Bashers where are you now??
#Jealous! I need to get out there again STAT. My tummy demands a good burger.
Good morning twitts, rise and shine! It's a beautiful morning.
smoking on keysha? hay!!! (:
it's a slot called wolf run. It looks ratchet as hell but it's amazing haha
SIRENAIDE: Definition (Noun) A secondary siren that assists the primary siren in her sirenade, often remaining invisible.
that is the negative, but LA if you can be cool, smile & publicly say the right thing you can do anything.
Finance Secretary Purisima emphasizes the Philippine government's focus on investing in people and improving social safety nets.
i friggin miss seeing that!
Indiana freakin hoosiers. Gave us a great start to the new years festivities last night.
one of our clients swears by #hubspot so it must have some value
you're right. It's hard seeing everyone else with someone
HOLLLLLYYY CRAP ALEX, SHUT UP!
It's a beautiful sunny day in New York, who's blasting "City By The Sound"?
5:30. I think will be there around 5 or so?
#BackInElementarySchool i actually liked everyone.
no it isn't >:O
these have been the best tweets on weeks. Glad the beagle and the husband are safe.
I got an email from my bff with the following subject line and no content: FEELING SHEARWATER. Love this girl.
It looks like a great day to take off of work but I need the bread.
tweet me. But not boring San Diego gov stuff
haha yes a guy should pay for everything. if you guys have a genuine relationship money shouldn't determine the interaction
AT LEST UR GETTING SOME, my dads jist putting duct tape over my old ones
Sending up a prayer for your mom.
The body bags are being rearranged for an even more difficult escape this year!!
#oomf is dating one of the UGLIEST women I have ever seen but its ok because he is butt ugly too so its like they were made for eachother
Just called my old friends... Sounded like they were having a blast... I wish that fight we had never happened I need my friend at this ...
Classic Clippers.
After class I'm taking a nap
has raised $39 million in Series C funding. via
No I haven't met Kevin yet :(
Damn! I retweeted the wrong tweet ;-)
the messages were viewed and yes you first! Email us your mailing information at
I hate you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
the 'no doubt' casts some doubt, yo.
Expect nothing less. Elevated IPA is beauty in a bottle! RT La Cumbre wins GOLD in the IPA Category!
They playing?
Yes, Madonna booked VIP tix!!
Quitting time! Kelly opens @ 5 w/ MKE's Best Happy Hour: 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm! Perfect way to relax and get ready 4 the ENABLERS....
new song check it out (slow at first)
Family Guy with this Nigga
RT : out wearing my Fenty shirt.... tell everyone WRITE IN FENTY
There isn't an order to the universe, there's a disorder to the universe.
Thanks for the title "Friends with Kids." It's like the industry has just given up on coming up with interesting titles.
Did they ever release Action 52 on to the Playstation 3 or X-Box 360?
Yeah, Tekken Tag tournament :) Todd just got beat :p
Where my dogs at? *DMX voice
: After a tasty meal at walk across the street to Irah's & enjoy some fat free FroYo with toppings for all taste buds
Local ad sales fail. Just saw advertiser we tried to sell for months rotate through indieads network via adsense backfill
My Daily Creative Confession: NOV23 My name is Delano Johnson, and I AM, your Talented and Broke specialist! Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
HUGE turnout! thanks :) RT : No problem! Hope you had a great turnout!
I want those tickets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 99
In the future, we'll just call it marriage.
Can honestly say I'll watch the beauty vs. beast matchup tonight...Griner just too good tho
not jus creating it but got stupid connects it's my manager
Thank you for allowing me to share my experience.
some people are either that freakin stupid or really desperate
Baby if you give it to me...ill give it to you!
NPST- No problem, same team.
Going to DC tomorrow AM, someone tell me what the weather's like.....No. No. I said I won't use twitter to crowdsource my laziness anymore!
Cutting every finger on a persons body except their middle finger while they sleep
follow my personal account . i cant get on it right now though cause twitter is being dumb.
so that will be it! Haha
Download the "Viddy" app and follow futurehead and see what's going on in our world. Some interesting and funny videos have been posted!
#AIMSTech12 If u make simple things easy 2 do, u make complexity possible. Me: that's the argument I've been searching for. Thx.
RIP MCA. You changed music forever.
Everybody wanna come to East next year ..
I will have to check when I am on actual computer, didn't see it in iPhone browser. Technology!?! ;)
It's stupid.
Hi stranger! Long time no talk.
I can always count on to retweet my amazing tweets
< develop. In all that ruckus, Ive been forgetting to wrap my ankle every morning. I'm all messed up :( How are you feeling?
Wow. They really need to repave Wilshire Blvd.
Follow back mahomie? <U+E328> would mean alot <U+E056>
Great planner for students from
"We shall not cease from exploration,/&the end of all our exploring,/Will be to arrive where we started/&know the place for the first time."
i'm stealing your picstich,. lol
I think I'm too excited for prom!!!! Yea
I have always said and felt that true enjoyment can not be described. ~ Rousseau
Love Guido's "Python is for Girls" shirt.
I'm busy today..boss's bday and have a party to go to..tryin to get sober n shit
Still sick. About to battle through a three day grind at work . .. three twelved
Seriously feel like I'm in a dream right now.. this can't be real life
But those would be political questions, not legal ones.
I think the football backlash is going to be bigger than expected. Taking the US's #1 love off the air for our #1 pet peeve, DC
where r ya? my phone is dead :(
son the dread head nigga pushed his hand .....watch the reply AGAIN
#twelveandohyes - best hashtag (so far). looking forward to #thirteenandohyes and maybe
i want some watermelon
omg it's so annoying :P loll #CallRogersNow! :P loll
Dollar Tree has some pretty amazing stuff for a dollar
Lionel Richie wrote Dancing on the Ceiling in 5 min., congress can't agree on the debt ceiling for 5 months. Lionel Richie for president QED
Haha! We're about to watch it. I like recording it so i can fast forward through the commercials.
Thanks! :D Now following you too.
welcome :) black and gold forever!
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck!
I was into kid rock before he was he was cool
My niece and nephew (cousins) born this morning 5 hrs apart many miles away! Welcome to the world Sofia and Gabe, I'm in love with you guys!
Love Meech Dogg for the free listening Gett. JUICED UP thanks GOD Bless
Unfortunately were closed today! But I'm definitely coming in for some vodka red bulls tonite after this long weekend we had!
what movie are you watching?
frosted mini-wheats lied to me. I ate a HUGE bowl for breakfast & do not feel any more awake.
#jackjablonski friends organize pond hockey tournament next weekend. Expect it to be one of the most moving tributes.
Lance Armstrong gets off and Alberto Contador gets busted for doping. Fair? No. But Alberto isn't a corporation like Lance.
I think about my mixed race nieces & nephews, & worry about them so much.
yeah I do that enough for all of us. Xoxoxoxoxo
Oh! :( I have heard of it!~ I read abt it last fall for something~ So sorry!
That's a catch...
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: "growing faster than 2 members per second."
Golf vacation to warm climate.
Pumped for the game tonight!! thanks to #timbersarmy for a great welcome party.
No prob! :-) how are you doing? What town are you in?
For some reason, I just couldn't wake up today. No work and no major finals and it still feels like a
Headin out to see our boys in get wild in Boston tonight!
The tail on that thang...Praise God
Too think i was special to Yoou. But no. Say hi to your new baby coming for me.
Hope you make it far! RT : Everyone watch Hollywood week tonight!!
Tedy Bruschi is a warrior that will be missed
What reminds you of 1960s San Diego?
Furniture Bonanza! --quality furniture but my eyes are about to fall out from all the filing
Been a great learning tool, especially the rationale behind why a particular agency is chosen.
did he get out of a delorean? :)
Though Mike disagrees with the decision on the tunnel, he will uphold and execute the agreement if elected. #seamayor ^jh
My WTF-of-the-day: just received an e-mail in Hebrew, which I don't speak, that turned out to be spam for Scientology. Oy, kinna hora, Xenu!
Loved tonight's Disneyland episode of
just heard your interview on the spotcast. Nice to hear your perspective on the evolving state of tvc's
": So follow me and when u do I will follow you ;-) follow me I follow back"
Attending the Michael Jordan Celebrity poker tournament 5:30 sharp !!!
That's a great question and one I am constantly asking.
Made a big decision today.
Education shouldn't just be to get us to college. Not everyone needs to go, or needs to go now
RT : Wearing scrunchies on your wrist, not your head.
Stay thirsty my friends! Especially this #Summer for our launch!
Please, plz do a story on Liam Lyon! I'm begging u. This little baby needs help & needs it now or he will die. TCHosp needs 2 accept him.
Just completed my workout for Saturday!!! happy to have tomorrow to just chill!!!
no doubt, we have 5 years of #idcc proceedings to start with
Setting up for practice tonight :) we wish the whole tribe could be here to hang with us <3 and our Ben is being extremely missed right now.
Things Brad and I thought about saying to him after included: IS OVER!
A 19 #ClackamasCommunityCollege student hit by a driver has died #BrentWeisberg w/the latest, next
jam jam
hey sweetie! How are you? I'm good almost done with school
ten minutes 'til the Divas of Deviances' FINALE!
lucky, haha what are yyou guys gonna do fo' your moms birthday
so how is your day going so far? :)
Your camera is a toy today. Play with it. Shoot pics & vids, fast 'n slow, up & down, sideways, & backwards. Tomorrow: shoot your food.
let's go united!!
Send your ALERTs, campus sightings, and USC observations!
the only way a white girll can say "nigga" is if she let me put my "nigga" in her mouth. funny
RT : yes we did enjoy it
LOL im like that with The Knicks. I take every loss personal but I move on and look at the positives
It's been raining fo like a week now smh
I'm here with my confession, got nothing to hide no more. I don't know where to start, but to show you the shape of my heart
fins down
Ooh baby when you cry your face is momentary.
hey alex do you still have my copy of cyrano?
Started the day off with a good workout.
The strong voice in the work suggests a possibility of liberation for all beings from ignorance...
I'm going with volcanic hotspot.
<U+266A>Pop Goes The Weasel -
I confess I've stopped looking at the stream except for specific chat times. I think is the guy to ask.
Contemplating the oddity of the duckbill platypus with a friend. We wondered since it hatches from an egg if anyone ever made it an omelet.
Your boring ballet flats disappoint me. Part of being a member of #lilacpantsuit is always be stylish
Great piece, Molly!
They're the best RT : Nothing like a relationship that falls in your lap
The discussions and early work were ongoing for two years and in June of 2006 the company was officially founded and funded
It's National Recycle Day! Use Habitat ReStore to #recycle building material during renovations.
yankeeincanada: Anyone staying in Nola for the weekend?
Even though I found the ending insanely underwhelming, Defending Jacob is one of the best audiobooks I've listened to in a long time.
Def. Ekphrasis: a literary description of or commentary on a visual work of art
I hopped off the plane at LAX with a dream and my cardigan. Welcome to the land of fame excess, whoa am i gonna fit in?
what up cuz? How's the leg?
RT : We'll miss the show but will be there with selling, good luck boys!
analysis by : has more followers than on #Twitter, but Mitt's getting more clicks.
- that was great! So true.
I'm so proud of you :')
Spending time with my family <3
We had a great first day of school! Are you excited for an amazing year?
Dj's send your drop scripts to me at and i'll get that to you cuz i love my DJ'S!!! and they luv me!!!
When they say "time will tell" they really meant time will tell you about people, give them time and they will tell you who they really are
im shy too but sometimes you just have to try..
hey. um. follow me? happy early birthday! (:
Hey Michael, I was hoping you'd be willing to talk over email with a DC 7th grader about SOLs and international alternatives.
ooh. It went great. It was a hall meeting but I did meet all the ppl in my pod lol
I keep telling myself keep my chin up. And it's not working. :/ wanting something so bad and someone else not feeling the same blows
Where did all the statesmen go? They're in hiding, or in higher ed, preparing our futures.
Woman&#39;s &#39;pregnancy with nine&#39; claim debunked
I already followed him!(:
not sure :(
Bouta take a shower , & get ready for tonight ! Hopefully getting fucked down !!!!
Follow this amazing girl >>>> her 1000th follower will get a shoutout! :)
Oh he does MT : Hope SteveKing doesnt consider IA families StasiTroops 4 installing energy efficient lightbulbs in their homes
Eagle WI, only ten more days... #turkeyhunting Ha Ha I Love this farm.
This weekend is Mother's Day! Anything fun going on? What're you doing for the Mom in your life?
My algebra teacher kicked me out of his class for asking how to do a algebra problem ! Really ?
playing guitar on my porch in the rain is absolutely the best way to wind down before going to bed. amazing.
I've never seen an Olympic medal before, let alone put one on. Awesome absolutely awesome. Thanks to Mac Wilkins for sharing.
MT On today's 11am show , #wherearethewomen at yesterday's hearing on contraception? I'll talk to
[my hootsuite streams died from all the noise we make #smss12] :) why is noone on g+?
gWEN PLEASE REBLOG THAT RHCP GIVEAWAY POST LIKE ONCE A DAY FOR ME PLEASE I'D EAT MY OWN LIVER FOR A CALIFORNICATION VINYL FNKDSJ
Thanks! Saw you too. I will see you in there.
You might also find it useful to sign up for a tool like Equifax's Score Watch, which for $13 a month will alert you when your score shifts
Go to our facebook page to hear our Xmas song! www.facebook.com/spacepimps !!!
please follow me please follow me please follow me please follows me please folow me please foolw me please foloow me please
this earthquake better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
As fun as it would be to ignore you, it's more fun to continue our hate speak.
Is your neighborhood a green one? If not, find out how...
I'm about to start reading the Hunger Games.. We'll see how that goes! #themovielooksgood haha
I did but didn't get anything
thank you so much! :-)
Anyone know how many amendments are left in the Ohio house?
Just discovered this awesomeness and don't know how I didn't know about it before:
I meant to say tony not tiny !
Besides Iron Works? It's right down the road. I don't think I've been to the one you speak of.
this makes me want to commit murder
whenever .... I will have peanut
Excellent, how are you?
Get n Ready to Head to Da Studio
If you're looking for the latest deals, they're now at ! Follow and be entered to win a Roomba!
BIG TIME SLEEPER IN 6'3 Quincy Thomas of San Pedro HS
Thanks for the RTs & mentions! Hope you have a great week! =)
I Luv all my friends at South of the Border in Dillion SC for letting me film there I loved that water fall. Check it out. <3 you guys lots!
Round 8 billion people in the world but I only want her and I can't even have her..... YET!
when is the soc exam??
now you can see my pics!! :)
Can we do a ph. call or txt meeting? Don't have a comp now. If u want to do skype I can make that happen tomorrow at the studio.
Are people recieving Tweets I'm sending on here tonight?
And I saw an angel coming down out of heaven, having the key to the Abyss and holding in his hand a great chain.
Mya Hatchett the lawyer, Autism bullied me by misleading the Federal Court in Pensacola and not telling them it was a real property case
ne icon :D
Game today(:
I have love for everyone dispite on how shady you are life is to short to be holding grudges on people and stressing shit Money is the moto
#HellshireII may have a souring infection, but it is still tasty in its present state.
Vegan 101 is an Official Selection at Hollyweb Festival. Screening this Saturday March 31 at Dim Mak Studios in Hollywood between 1 - 2pm.
BLUE FOR LIFE BOY!!!
But when I have your attention you look like the good guy
It was crazy! Block Parties r the best
If Bailey follows me I'll cry~
I was a star in that movie lol
all those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick
I am so excited to be a part of McDonough alumni !
SO MANY beautiful shots in Ep. 7, so little time to fit them all. Some of them will are getting cut. NO MERCY! Photos soon!
I do not know why. Thibs must have been high or something 4Q. seems like Thibs has plenty of trust in JL3
Just got into Vegas... Starting things off with a tour of Zappos
Elvis Presley~ Id rather go on hearing your lies than to go on living without you.
on the stage - introducing #UTBlackademics. letting us all know we should be quiet as this gonna be recorded to air on KLRU
You must have been one of the people that had their power restored.
totally! Sometimes ppl are condemned but you gotta remember that they cared enough to say anything!
Now my Twitter is on tweak mode!!!
Another wonderful weekend at the Tundra Tailgate Zone at Lambeau Field! Thanks to all that have been supporting us in Titletown U.S.A.!!
Yeah I always end up getting around it but this time I can't :/
Kliff (and Mrs. Kliff) deserve a virtual cold one 4 all the unneighborly b.s. they've had lately. Hope u kids get sum betr days soon..!
And, after a nightcap at The Kingpin, to bed.
I didn't realize you had to show up at 9:30 AM to get a pass to see Santa. Wasted trip w/a dressed up baby last night.
I praise God for the life he has given to me. Who the Son sets free is free indeed.
Dana knows my EXACT pain, its so crazy ! i love you Dana <3
Next game #7 Northeastern vs. #10 William and Mary. Tip 6:05.
go on facebook he has a link on it
#Foodrevolution day is 5/19! Celebrate w/ Will Allen's & 's new bk the #GoodFoodRevolution, changing the way our nation eats
So great to contect with you!
love love the show and the food. Loved that Apple pie.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways listen to and value his partner's thoughts and opinions
Call for submission! trans lit mag wants to publish your beautiful art and prose and poetry and doodles and reviews and critiques and more!
I don't like this false count its crap.
Do you ever get feeling that life is just one big rhetorical question?
A BULLET ALWAYS TELLS THE TRUTH!
"That's a spicy meatball." I love fried calamari with marinara sauce. M....beats the heck outta Boat N Net.
absolutely, now the bastard sits on 2nd base~
And we certainly don't want to forget our single fathers, especially those with girls. They must have been raised by a great #mother!
okay if I must :p
was literally listening to "Simple Things" from WOMW this morning. Bring the new music on!
Have a fantastic weekend everyone in Twitterville!
pop tabs? We call it soda around these parts! Ps: water fountain or a bubbler?
mahomeaconswag <3 but i like mahomeaconlove a lot to!
Oh u act like u didnt see my reply
between this and the killing, I really need Helo to be playing a hero on my tv. I no like him bad. *pouts
Relax. And pay attention. RT “: This doesn't apply to me but what advice do you have for first time parents?”
ellucian . com has two links. sungardhe . com and datatel . com. Classy.
Wanna be one of these 36? El oh el.
RT Careers take growth. Consistent work over time will lead to the realization of career potential.
Spent 400+ hours in #Oblivion & now past 350 hours in #Skyrim & still have so much awesomeness left to explore.
Waist size over 35 inches (sucked in) = more belly fat, and dramatically increased chances of other complications. Remedy: Quick Gym!
Don't forget extra Budweiser.
: You are correct!
Lmao. How the hell do I logout of mobile twitter? Hahaa.
thank you!!!
No Problem! Thanks For The Shoutout! (:
these dresses are beautiful! can i have them?! lol
Im playin #Madison on
Watching Kevin Hart "Say with ya chest little nigga!"
follow me and share me and i'll do the same (:
I'm digging your pro pic haha
haha yea right... Sucked to face eachother. Hope we can still be good roomies and you'll continue to take out the trash
I know right :D
i want that project x type of party
Rick Perry just answered a question about Texas' healthcare by attacking Mitt Romney for hiring an illegal.
Street groove magazine is looking for a serious partner become part of our company also our artist www.smilezdagr8.com ps we need investers
Most awkward moment of my life
When cute/hot girls look at me and give me that real cute smile
In this case, when it's a beautiful Friday afternoon and I need to get some work done but enjoy doing it, all three are required.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -23
thank you! Turns out its just a double ear infection and a viral cold. :P
Do you start to work earlier than you used to because of email and social media?
My answer to all questions from the press: No biggie.
Centraal is always a good brunch choice!!
I'm just saying you could do better.
Adult Female: A Song
already following you both return the fav
Acy will tear the goal down
EKU pick-ups transfer from Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA. Frank Arriola offensive lineman from Mission Viejo, CA
Bah... It is absolutely ridiculously beautiful outside today. Hope this holds through for Saturdays festivities
tuner get both free throws, Sixers up 3
Me too!
I'm not feeling The Game anymore
Come in today for 1/2 price speciality drinks and 1/2 price apps!!!! Don't let the rain stop you from enjoying stuffed avacados!!!
“The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved...but burn, burn, burn...”
Why would you consider Turnaround as a child anxiety option? Find out what kids in Canada, Australia and the USA have to say about us!
Forbes Woman: NYC-based wrkg moms want 2 appear on The Today Show this TH to discuss sharing wrkld of parenting? Email
THIS UNDIE IS MAD!! >:|
Such a danger to the stability of the universe must be destroyed! :)
Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast. -
Back to GP today for some G&T's, Cigars, Croquet and Family Time!
Smh whe I try everyone stops fuck it bro
: Guido at the airport wearing an Affliction shirt in Albany making fun of people wearing suits at my gate.
Finished meeting w/ banker from Chase N they R interested in helping biz owners w/ financing. Chase there next Monday meeting
Ready to be in virginia
Jersey Shore <U+2665> Jersey Shore <U+2665> Jersey Shore
Try to imagine a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn't worth fighting for. --Leslie Feinberg
Oh Christ. I love the Beach Boys.
they have to collaborate againn! :D
that's so awesome
the same wall he drew swastikas on with shaving cream.
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh. ~Will Rogers
Looking forward to seeing the volleyballers tonight!!! Apparently ugly holiday sweaters are in order???
tf? mom , you leave me home alone and you forget your cell phone and its really foggy out,
I have an iphone. :3
OK...now we've had the 2 1/2 Giants pre-game show maybe NBC will have some Patriots coverage...
bet, ima hit u up once i get outta class today bout 2 o 3ish
i just woke up, and my brother still hasn't gone to sleep yet..
5am: did brown dog day dance in street. 6am: ate brown dog day cake: 7am brown dog saw shadow!
Just dropped about a gazillion seed beads all over the dining room floor, when I try to sweep them they take off in every direction.
This is awesome and gave me something to look at during my lunch break ha. Thanks for sharing.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
When I am not with my bf and see couples I am all like " FUCK THIS" "FUCK U" '" GO GET A FUCKING ROOM"
I love that everytime I come to the christian chicken place my total is always 666 bahaha
Looking forward to playing #whatsderekdrinking in person in AC this weekend with the #tpedge crew
That sounds like a fabulously dark night. Enjoy!
You can't make yourself feel something you don't feel. But you can' make yourself do something despite how you feel.
cause he flaw Kenny
turns out it was only Chris Rock presenting. Sorry! Sure you'll be there soon enough!
FCC votes 2-1 to approve new political file disclosure rules
Philly!!! Get rich or die trying or become a murder victim..U pick
"If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started."
Yo! Did you know the app helps you find the nearest hot dog stand? It's true. And delicious.
Said I wasn't going to watch, but woke up early. Glad I did. Kate's dress is stunning (...& so's her brother James)!
the concert, San Francisco is sold out!!! Yey! Looking forward to Tuesday!
To whom do I complain when I can't read my own handwriting?
it's all about how it's explained to the child growing up & answering their questions as honestly as possible
i miss my best friend..
(rich) back home. Nothing amazing to report, but have a lot of evidence to review. Time will tell ;)
Ima Smoke Away Dem Regrets!!
pb, no j
This is awesome! Especially the RETVi displays! The graphic designer, aka me, did a fab job! (wink)
I've always wanted to know what time was born, don't think i'll ever find out :/
Where's your attention now that #MarchMadness is over? #NBA, #MLB, #NHL, or #Lockout? Creative answers get RTs!
Music helps children begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
Can't say it any better RT: 6 PM tonight. Michigan State and Ohio State...big time game.
About Go Pick Up My Lil Cousin So I Can Finally Do Her Nails For Her She's Been Asking For A Min Lbs
<3333 see y'all tomorrow!!
cake fag
Working on my posture is harder than I thought.
link to the #PhxNsh preview?
Ugh, it's still just giving me "This web page is not available."
Happy New Year!
2011.09.19 #Cubs 5 #Brewers 2 | Magic number stuck / Crew hits Cubs-size bump in road / while Cards silence Phils
Clarke's Three Laws: 1a) When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right.
its too old fashioned and puts me to sleep
watching Super Bowl alone in a hotel in the Netherlands! it is 130 am. i don't have any beer. what am i to do?
Six comfortable miles done.
Have to stay late at work to reboot a misbehaving server. 1st one here in the morning, last to leave at night. At least I have tomorrow off!
Honor ourselves as well as others
Tr(EAT) Your Girl Right, Or I Will !
Milkshakes. The perfect addition to this chilly Texas afternoon.
come warm up with us over at Cheba Hut with a toasty soup bread bowl!! M
pretty good you?
love it. hahahahaha
Trust ur intuition, it's ur best friend!
Thanks Jeff!
I'm on a drug. It's called #CharlieSheen ... (epic!)
I love it when you call me big papa.
The American people don't want somebody who wears religion on their sleeve; "if you insist you're one you're probably not"
Working on Christmas Shirts! It's getting closer and closer! I love this time of year!
no school tomorrow! yay!
To merge with our Divinity we must get into the flow of Spirit. Today, commit to do only good feeling projects and activities.
what beat can i use, i need to write, right now. pay ya back later
Sometimes I feel non-agenda public comment is just a ride on the crazy train.
go have some fun...have a drink if you drink...its your DAY ma!!!
One more work day until Thanksgiving!! I still have avaliable appointments, call and schedule your appointment now (813) 910-2770
Oh my.......ima take the taser with me then......smh...send some electric waves
Of course, we can find examples of how ppl use social media in destructive ways. ? is how does avg user use it. cc
There is a generator of images. somewhere in my being. The question is what fuels it? I am not unhappy the answer is multi-tiered.
why wasnt i following you? i know i use to follow you why did i get deleted
oh gosh, I know.
AirChina Singapore – Up To 25% Off Singapore – Beijing PEK Business Class – Round Trip
Huge congrats on the Cool Summer Records release! You freaking deserve it. Keep up the hard work!!!
I'll post a link. I plan on sending a song to this firm here in htown pretty soon
Thank you for this quote. Kind wishes.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Two years in the making, Hiawatha Project's new performance - Camino - debuts in two weeks! Tix on sale - get'em here: bit.ly/ruzAqf
OK..... Who's going to be our first customer??????
On set for indie the series. Having so much trouble not laughing during takes. Very funny stuff.
It's $5 to get in or $5 water? lol
got a selenite lamp today. negative ions, biotch.
Of Mice & Men just makes life make sense ok
open their largest lead of game at 28-21. #Rampage broken and beaten. #AUDL #itsallover 3:40 left
Mayweather fight tomorrow!!!
We are not dead. Just busy. Love.
it all accumulates with the immaculate reincarnation of a photograph…
jason is a lil freak no, no FRANK DONT EAT LOUIS
Wow, how about this grouping this afternoon at the PGA >>> Mickelson, McIlroy & Stricker!!!
Off the Hookah with :)
i still love drugs but they hate me. they hate you too. only one who likes you is yer dealer & his bank account.
This year's #KevinLove =
finished band meeting with & - 2012 bringing new CD! An Oasis Album Cover show! New Pics! Yes...
Dropped my phone in the storm last night. But now it's working again. Hooray!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 73
What position do you play?You look like you travel alot lls.
shut your mouth
Happy to keep you connected! Can't wait for Spain. Safe Travels.
RT : #Sportsbiz #NetworkingTip: If you met a person & want to network, don't start by asking 4 something (job/sponsorship).
Young money, cash money in the building
Celtics starting off strong let's do this
I appreciate President Clinton publicly apologizing for poor policy decisions and voicing that this policy has failed all over the world.
A lot of ppl like to get at me because its 420 but the truth is we celebrate every day
wanna bet?
morning everyone !
Eagles WTEN trying to reach Tournament for fourth consecutive season.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy. Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of...
Of course, my dad wishes for Huntsman to get 2nd because us Lesniaks are realists and don't want to get our hopes up.
you are far, far from that my sweet sis!!
If you really wanted me in your life, you wouldn't have let go.
Is there a particularly good #linkeddata set that people have used in #lifescience projects? Tweet it!
It's only Tues but I am already excited to have over for baking, cooking, drinking, & gossip on Fri. All the things we do best!
In #SocialMedia, timeframes for editorial calendars are shrunk from months or weeks to DAYS. Plan posts for each day of week!
"If we know God, our real business on earth is so to live as to permit the Father to reveal himself in our lives..." Book of Urantia.
I've been crying all morning, morning my main man ^^©
Austin, your A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. Happy birthday my love<3
i will dm you my email address (:
Sunday at 10am catch FPP Reader giving a Talkshop at the She's w Opal Palmer Adisa and Darryl Pinckney.
Hit Me With A Racoon!!!. :D And Make A Cute Couple Like Mikey&&Montana,Louis&&Hannah!.<3
cheese, chocolate, fruit and nuts!
RT : I want Mexican food
evacuation day...so why am I not evacuating?
VIRGINIA FOX out foxed herself. She inserted her foot and VIDEO TAPED her A.. She has to be CRUELLA di VIL mothers. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Total SASS convert. I feel uneasy and little sad in css files now.
So by intern you mean slave? No, I will not work a 40 hour work week for "school credit."
coming up at 730 to talk OSU Spring FB and NFL draft
Took in a double feature ..thought SLEEPING BEAUTY was ok but loved THE SKIN I LIVE IN
Took a nap on a park bench
I might get it in on 4/20... Nawww I'm lying lol
"That car is stupid sick." -My mom being a teenager
The time has come for my 3 hour workout. Time to crack up the music and get mean on the weights.
Track Season is over.
Time is money, so i went and bought a rolex ;* -
ugh. sorry. glad you're ok tho
It's Friday!! Work till late then chillin w my girl. Then tomorrow is just gonna be an all around awesome day.
now i'm home and i have chinese food and pot and my bed. heaven is a place on earth.
that was probably the best tweet ever to exist.
leave Wednesday :(
So and r we hanging tonight?
lol *bows head *.we gon pray fo these niggas (grandma.off friday after.next voice)
It getting coldder
Dang that's how you get down?! Lol
I Lived , I Loved , I Was Heree . I Did , Ive Done Everything That I Wanted & It Was More Than I Thought It Would Be
im feeling the same way my wife sick I feel helpless cant do nth drs not tellin us shit
Like LA traffic, CL is a kind of telltale admission of the debacle of Democracy.
Yes, thant's the problem for we rehab folks. Not too much for us. There's AER this year, and I am on the committee to TBC
Lmaoo too funny
who are all these people?
5 people commit suicide every second. A "Hello" and a smile can change a persons entire day.
Bitch get a life“ Your superior RT @ Bitch who are you“ Lol Is this a joke? I've seen dog shit cuter than you"”
karma is a bitch, just make sure that bitch is beautiful..those the words right? Lol
I want to know if her face moved when she ate.
Always, friend. Always!
Julizeth needs to pop off.
We rate JNPR and FFIV as Strong Buys here. Stock market heading to Dow 12000+
just wanted to say, loving your twit pic.
Im on dat purple urple .. n now the earth is bouncin .
+ Vigil and Volition~
you just watched it for the first time?
Download my novel Beyond the Summit; An Everest Adventure and Romance FREE on your kindle all day tomorrow Monday, January 23.
We're wrapping up the panel discussion - thanks to everyone following #ipb2012 and for engaging in discussion with us! The debate goes on!
I'm so broke that whenever I see someone driving erraticly in an expensive car, I hope they crash into me.
Just got home who got some reffer ??? Lol
does your school have a lot of capitalizers? p.s. luved the #familymeeting today!
Mike Wallace is fast!
CAN YOUR TURN DOWN THE VOLUME
also, Bill Buckner to Leon Durham
Think happy thoughts MONEY ENERGY
it's business. There's no heart in business
One patient at a time. All I can do.
To the fella auctioning a photo of me on ebay...ya need to do your research..I'm six feet under and can tell that ain't me..
#usetittiesinamovietitle sisterhood of the traveling titties.
- HAHA! We actually don't encourage it, but after a few beers, people don't seem to listen... Go figure.
Coyotes win! Great playoff type game. Lots of hitting and great goaltending.
what a great final!!!!!
Chaucer's Wife of Bath's Tale, Dante, Clement Marot's Ecloges, Garcilaso de la Vega's Eglogas, Jonson's The Forest.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
": Anybody know where Voxer people come from? I have a full list but I don't remember ever adding anyone..." 4 real doe
Sometimes the simplest shots are the best. Thanks for the follow too, much appreciated!
okay time to get up...
Idk why i'm up so early this morning...couldn't really sleep anyway :/
•Love is like peeing your pants everyone can see it but only you can see it. Thanks for being the pee in my pants.
They looked like burnt turds.
Met #NewOrleans HS geography teacher last night. He asked me if Lake Michigan touched Wisconsin. I guess charter schools are working there?
Interesting, sounds like a heart condition.
Watching my Buddy on A&E on his new show, Flipped Off! Loving the show man.
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
ha I have a sore throat, headache and I'm super congested:((
Last day in puerto rico
"Kirby's Epic Yarn could have been done on the SNES"- A Professional Game Critic with an army of sycophants at his beck and call
Get stories on EVERY #MLB team daily here-WWW.USSportspages.com
Huge come back by the Celtics in the 4th: down 6 only with 2:50 to play!
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. via
"I go to bakeries all day long, there's a lack of sweetness in my life."
whatch'yall know about a php redirect for mobile browsers
Ha! I wasn't really watching. Too busy tweeting. Multi-task
The CEO of a struggling company was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and posted a huge sign which r…
New Weeknd mix tape, Echoes of Silence, gets the job done
draw on her face
Thanks to Joseph Property Development for sponsering our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!
you right . RT : I got to its only right
you gotta move back bro. Weather's beautiful
So excited for our day of service at tomorrow! Hope it doesn't rain!
We were watching gvsu vs ashland online at work yesterday lol
We got a show coming up at Studio 21in Rocklin! Get at us for tickets.
Wifi on the plane!! Since when? Guess I get to watch a movie after all..
See you then!
And a crownn.
Or describing culture? In the form of testing for resonance?
Zoe Saldana is everything
sleep well. :} the picture with brad taylor is up for you. i apologize that it's blurry. :|
You and #Actvice Rock . Dam haters just dont get it ..
okay im like totally confused,i have no idea what your saying,lol =]
Lol vogel got booed??? You know your team is full of flops
Shed blood tears...
Stay present!!!
Want a great breakfast idea!? Spread whipped creamcheese on the everything or seseme parmcrisps! All the flavors of a bagel and no carbs!
I believe it was Madison International Speedway. got in about 5 wrecks, car was tore up!! He was 4 feet tall!! Lol
Thanks for the FF girls:)
“: I hope u all had a good day. I'm heading to UTA too speak 2 about 2000 or more people tonight. ” aww yeah
haha dude i wonder if tht warrior kid in the green cape did tonight. He was prolly fuckin all the bitches
Yet some students do at the higher grades. Go figure.
nominations required for best office playlist on a mid week afternoon....
Those who say loved ones can't give honest evaluations of your work, have never met my family...back to the drawing board on SOL trailer.
I forgot how much registering sucks
so true! Having an awesome x 100 wedding requires a little post wedding recovery time. :)
how did it go?
omg marcos!! Where have you been buddy??
Pie in the face.
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
I survived the basic cable version of the Bataan Death March: 2010 Moby Dick I will have to check out Megashark v Giant Octopus
Austin is a great person, that's all I have to say
So how about that Batman guy?
going to preds game Tuesday night!!
This guy was so tosted he was convined his 10% off red robin coupon was for tops.
RT : The men and women had the exact same score 41-26, at the same time.
Gaaaaaahhh!!! Are you on the bus now? Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40. So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
Hard to believe but today is exactly 2 yrs since Beethoven Project played at Lincoln Center and exactly .. yrs since I graduated college!!!
Anyone have Kik Messenger? I just downloaded and need friends lol.
Well done man, looks great!
It's Unit-versary time for (3 yrs) and (1 yr). So glad they work with us! Congrats, guys. And Thanks!
I decided to ALWAYS provide my son's food and snacks for this very reason. At age 5, he is very well educated about food.
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
Thanks! It was so much fun to shoot. That set is awesome.
Great day for a walk!
he says to pay off all cosumer debt (including cars, credit cards) then put 15% in retirement and any extra at the mortgage
nothing it just started...
--Your best new artist's of 2011 list-- good job following the pop charts. Pop art is not art.
2 more days till Christmas! OoowwwE :)
He that can have patience can have what he will. -Benjamin Franklin
oh hallelujah! Good night! Sleep good bf!
Congratulations to Arizona Muse on signing her contract!!
Lesson planning for tomorrow's classes: Stalin! One of the Most evil Men in History!!
All these long days are about to pay off!
Pew. Haha.... Craving a wacha ma call it.
I wish for a Twitter that is capable of charting searchable data.~Don
Why in every petite section they have hundreds of tops and only 2 pairs of pants. Pants & skirts are where we are challenged!
Famous people never tweet me.
Been eating so good, but now eating ice cream because I'm an emotional eater...for every emotion lol
VERY glad u asked! We are 100% UNscripted! Jennie calls us a "follow doc". Cameras follow us around and document our day(s)
thanks! will do!
It at least takes the media's attention off the economy for at least a moment, which is good for Obama.
my guess it's the man boobs.
Im not perfect.
what has Hughley's reactions & demeanor been like so far?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!! Be safe ya'll
PS...love your logo! Very creative :)
well after all it was a good night
Gov. Brewer signs Arizona ban on Planned Parenthood funding
#spongebob and #coffee :)
My brother gave me mail, all I wanted was my gamer magazine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>.
Wearing Flip Flops Outside When Its Cold? Check The Weather Girl? Its Cold Not Summer Hoe. Smh Peoples These Days -____-
:) and its crayyy
My talk on at the LUC Grad Research Symposium had surprising cxns to the next talk on Masculine Sacrifice in a Jesuit context.
Connections Housing ground breaking in San Diego today. Big beginning! Best Wishes to you all!
Whatever! Dont talk to me
Same sentiments are all over MRA blogs, but those are anon. Misogyny's growing bolder.
UK is getting a great young leader in Patrick Towels. On and off the field! His parents should be proud of the young man they raised.
Bring a picture of your ex and shred it to pieces while enjoying Ex Boyfriend and Girlfriend Cocktails or a Hex your Ex bucket of beer.
I'm to tired to be at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Do y'all listen to Beth Hart or Bekka Bramlet?
i wanted to say hi & that i finished my tv/talk show portfolio!! & On to my next class something to start w/ on a resume
bum of week 3 nominee from captain #MaxiBlum goes 0-4 3FG & has never won a game as captain in the PMBL
prayers going out! :)
This page will serves as a source of updates on the events for Black History Month at The U of M for Feb. 2012.
at work, salsa on my shirt. Nuff said.
"Because of a flight cancellation (due to severe storms in New York)"!
we've been sleeping on germy pillows all our lives and have gotten on just fine.
Alcoholic apple sauce... A surprisingly great idea. Try it. I don't even really like apple sauce but found it delicious.
using that info to log onto myhub it didn't work!
Damn, ours is on thursday
The Hulk got so HAPPY when he was told to smash
yeah i saw him at Peabody's in december when he brought Cudi out. but didn't get to go last time, but next time for sure.
Good morning #Bachelornation! Who's excited to watch the #bachelorette tonight?!?!?
AT THE WIENER CIRCLE WITH THE FAM UNTIL LATER XOXO
Sounds like me and the boston cream pie diughnuts at Dunkin Doughnuts. They are why I can't go within 5 feet of that place.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to hearing from you. My husband is watching Cupcake Wars right now!!!
Who can be trusted? #innocentuntilprovenguilty?
wow. i have no excuse. the internet is like one big war.
The last time Dwight Howard had single-digit pts / rebs plus 5 PFs + 5 to's in one gm: Jan 2007.
lol I'm getting really into this too! #firedup!
did you really burn through that box I left you already?
Thanks for the follow!.
thanks for tag-team stalking with me today.... lifesaver. ;)
yes indeed. Get at me
Goodtimes at the party! s/o to my fam ! We need to make this football edition happen! ???
FTP on 21 jump street yeahh this movie is good!!
I'VE MISSED YOU TOO! Lol im good, thanks for asking, how are you??
You are amazing ! I love you !
wats up boy
I heard your cover, you're awesome Kayla. Never give up.
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
July 10th at The Chance we are playing with FiveYardDash, Among The Dead and Kid Blaze! More info coming this week!
: enjoy the day off!!
No advantage, IMO. I agree they have different audiences and should each have their own updates.
naughty girl
Just Do it!
RT : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds
inhaling the new carpet fumes from our office expansion...wonder how toxic this really is
Day dreaming. Always fun, right?
Um forget my last tweet please !! The TNA tag team match last night sucked !!
Lines carved into silver scarves Art deco smiles Painted eyes Sophisticated lady Gorgeous as an ERTE masterpiece Dillinger opium den
time for a Daniwich?
lol well matt since ur a celeb do u do that?
Just arrived in Greenville SC for a Design Institute. At Furman for lib tour--civilized after lashing rain in NY this am
The harder you fall, The higher you bounce.. Franklin..
only thing better was him slipping on the pk in Moscow!!
Double zero on #Creighton plays angry. Looks like a linebacker out there.
Heading to Coventry again!
RIP John Wooden
The spurs are about to put on a CLINIC against the Clippers. Would not be surprised if this series ends up 4-0
Yeah we have the same taste, atleast one of them made, but he will get a record deal by morning. :)
Amen. RT : When all else fails....have another beer.
My pleasure! : thanks for doing that with my dad, Delegate Keam! I'm a former student of hers! Hope to see you soon! :)
What is the weather like where you are?
Speakers:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
is why the blog i used to write received a lot of respect. every1 has the right to tell someone to go f*ck themselves+
Whats good ! I been grinding . I thought u fell off the map since the last time we linked! lol Where u been?
....Otherwise I unfortunately will have to settle and find a job at McDonald's, let my knowledge go down the drain by flipping burgers. :(
You're welcome. You have a very nice voice!
Got to blabber about amino acids & complex proteins to a few new customers...& they were appreciative of the info :-) Good day overall :-)
Wishing you a Happy and Safe Thanksgiving!! We're thankful for your support!!
I love how practice got cancled, then rescheduled.
It's all about Let's Go #Rangers!!!
You tellin' me nobody on "Mad Men" needs a good decapitatin'?
An early Happy Mother's day to all my tweeties out there.
Traveling to Den Hague today for exciting workshop on standards for serving images of medieval manuscripts.
The NBA...Where flopping happens. If refs gonna keep callin em players gonna keep floppin.
Its not the dog in the fight, its the fight in the dog. All bark no bite ? Ill be the 2nd to bark n the first to bite
Fucking auto correction spell shit wrong
Not at all..just so busy with classes..
yo is your email omari.armstrong?
text me instead :) lol so the whole world doesnt see our convo..
Happy Weekend! Have fun and be safe at Thunder if you're going tomorrow!
spotted tick on pants. foolishly attempted to smash with book. tick flung somewhere. search and destroy operation failed. now paranoid.
what is zap?
not at all
Mum: Taylor can't sing Me: I smell sarcasm Mum: you have a good nose then
lol what's up friend?!
like mother like daughter
#Hyderabad, India, via
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up. -Vince Lombardi
RT : Be sure your navigation is crystal clear for readers of your blog!
im chilling/working in Ft Campbell/near Nashville.. weather has been worse than Seattle, makes me miss home..
There was time enough at last (for Instagram). lol
Good night beautiful
Flyers end up losing this game 6 2. Unwatchable at this point
seems like too few.
so unhappy with my weight. can't believe I let myself get like this. wow.
I'm pretty sure that's impossible.
awesome! thanks for the tweet!!!
Good morning! I can't tell you how much I love running in the rain! I'm so amped afterwards!
What up alway a pleasure, sir
#twitterstorians : While beginning to prep syllabi, I'm seeking good readings on teaching history to 1st-generation college students. Ideas?
Art of Bleeding appearance on Saturday at the Redwood Bar & Grill in L.A., free and at 9pm!
Amen to that. Forever. ": Well, I should hope so! If you can't fence in it, what good is it?"
Ikr? Also this article shows how her mother controls her. xD
Oops I just tweeted from an SSIS interface task
wants to 'drop the digital' from digital humanities
#weekendreads Halfway through 's The Chaos
No hander landers!! On an FBM!
Jeez, after switching to iOS5 my data usage tripled... And I'm not doing anything special.
i miss you.
Who's really watching teasers for music videos? Just drop the stupid video.
Lovely! I think I'd try it with a white blouse. Something about the white and orange combo scream summer to me!
Watching my Taylor play with a little 4 year old girl at the park.He's gonna be SUCH a great Daddy :) I can't wait to have a baby with him<3
Good luck to all the politicians who will do more than stand on corners, paint huge walls, n use nicknames. Make Laredo better
Man, Mr. Alton Brown is on fire tonight, so good!!
Reason, endowed to humans by God, makes all equal and deserving of liberty and justice....Locke
what platform are you using for editing in the photo?
I'm sorry but when I see the Philadelphia 76ers jersey saying "sixers" I think a 6-pack of beer.
are you taking Hager?
We finally got this Twitter thing working again! New name, new songs...new demos soon!
So im being dragged to this thing for my brother....tootles
Would never happen, Coach Bz is here to stay. And do I really want VaTech's trash? Must be a good reason why he got canned.
yes...same experience. Well almost. The seats out at VCC are more comfortable.
My commentary on whether I will see Prometheus based on the trailer: No. Not worth it. MIchael Fassbender is wearing far too many clothes.
So did jesus! Go thickie RT : I make sacrifices for those I care about
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
Back by popular demand, "Cool Stuff from my Desk Friday." Stay tuned.
I tweeted it! (:
Breakfast on my mind.....
las Vegas
Lakers always seem to make it nerve reacking as fuck buut we got the W, now hopefully lob shitty lose
they do not compete well with mcdonalds. Too pricey!!!
ok word. My homies band is trying to hit the lab soon. Just asking around for him
...we're not fans. We're beliebers :) <3
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,dancers,singers, join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
Lil homies had a video shoot today...
love means letting your walls come down.
well, yes, seniors do tend to be better (: oh well, I guess we'll find out soon enough! haha
A spooky Saturday at the museum is in the works for Oct 25th. Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged! Kids of all ages welcome!
What the heck ?! I compose my tweet. 2 characters remaining. Click my social network icon, and suddently I'm -9 characters.
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
someone get in bed with me
smh let me see if I can send one.
You know what they say about corn? It also applies to sesame chicken. I have a problem, someone help me.
dudes, you guys are trouble together. That's okay I will just teach him speak to correct it lol
thats the best way to be
Just filled up my four day weekend with shit that seems a lot like work. FML.
I understand now. every other bar has all nascar, and you wanted less nascar.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Don't worry about how much you DON'T know, you only need to be one step ahead of your clients!
have some respect. calling your mom a bitch? you're pathetic. even worse on mothers day. grow the hell up, spoiled little brat.
Get caught living life!
hell yeah !
Rangers choked out the Capitals in the end of that game...they couldn't even get the puck out of their zone.
Yeah, but still cost $12 a drink? Midtown's Lounge ON20 is undergoing a remodel! Look for Lounge 2.0 to to debut later this month!
Where's nick? I miss him. We got into a fight today and haven't talked since then :(
...and do you realize that I'm a genius? No? I invite you to peep my Wikipedia page. Yep, I'm that guy.
you must be watching the wrong game because I see differently
Hello Glen, big fan, glad to follow you.
: ok every1 tomorrow we all go on diets
Hm thinking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
AUDIO: HSBC lists Chinese bonds in London
Bruce Winter killed it again last night on At Night...Tunes so good I made a donation to Milwaukee Public Radio today
Ive never got a ticket driving. And i Wasn't even driving and got a ticket!
Meeting to discuss #Christmas repertoire tonight! Any requests/suggestions?
Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great. Also #congradulations !
Happy I got to see my family & today :) It was a tease but only two more weeks!
exactly! “: Hey if you have to suspend your campaign because of sexual allegations, blame yourself.”
I hate when I send a long text message, and the person only replies to that one unimportant part...
How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't there is a clock on the oven. (thanks to Shane)
Did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ?
Set a $55 limit order for LNKD before the market opened
State isnt all liberal.
I took six those bitches. Never again, my friends. Never again.
So when is hosting SNL? Please tell me someone is gonna make that happen.
i like getting paid to go to school (:
Hate it when people post updates on facebook like every 5mins!?!? Why don't they get a gay twitter!?
Thanks so much for sharing, Lindsey!! :) :) :)
You have such a way with words; I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than I could.
Watching Mad Men (On Demand). This is show is so fine. So upper level, high art. (My opin).
Hates being sick :/
Everyone does this cute thing, where they ignore my existence.
" Where there is no vision, the people perish. " - Proverbs 29:18
That's what Dads do, it'll never change.
with my kids @ airport - headed to Hawaii for spring break!
Joey Lawrence -- Whoa, I'm a Stripper!
Time for
Well trying to sleep last night just seemed impossible.
Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video. search "skylarSKC"
the thought of a midnight leap-day #dcdrinkup since they'll be open did cross my mind. lol
Happy Sunday! Beautiful day to play:-)
I guess you can say the more it happens the less it hurts.... #ohwell o this sounds awkward.
Yeah that's what I do; my comedy gets pretty Xrated but very few kids end up seeing it so the odds are pretty low so far ;-)
RT : Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band coming to #Boston #TDGarden on March 26th! Tickets on sale Sat, Jan 28th at 10AM!
Shit We on our way to the hill RT : fuk u doin kid
I should be asleep right now :o
Don't limit yourself. Many people restrict themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Although--eerily perfect shuffle came on driving music mix: Of Montreal's The Past Is a Grotesque Animal
uh oh, ! That doesn't sound too great. If you ever need help cleaning up after your #pet, then give us a call.
should have just told you to freestyle to it lol..my bad...just want us to do as much as we can on both parts due to our distance
purely business research motive, why don't you like virtual bags?
How im done spa...they must have spiked my wine..lol
I am digging my brothers stable name for and
the specific person I was referring to did look 12. He handed me his id and told me to not look at the picture because he's had..
If the Pirates were from any other city in the country, I could see myself becoming a fan.
Hey, just don't switch channels, quite cable altogether… -
I don't know. Here I'll ask my husband but I bet he wont be able to figure out an answer right now.... Commercial.
Stolen from the song that I'm listening to obsessively, but meant in friendship. If we don't love, we cannot expect anything.
Time to relax in a nice hot bath
If you ever need evidence that musicians can be tone deaf, look at chord charts online. I mean, what good musician misses five key changes??
I'm in school tryna get you to follow me!! please oh please!:)
On this day, January 21st--Stonewall Jackson's birthday
If you're ever in the area please stop in.
Grrr. I need to go to bed. I just happen to get sucked into the superfun #ohchat again. I love the folks over there.Funny & smart.Night all.
All I ever do anymore is sleep ://
you got a new twittaahh?
Be #proactive and get #involved in affecting #change within the #transportation industry! The 5th Annual T&I Convention is March 7-9 in D.C.
Bike to The Bakken and receive a FREE BOWL at Noodles AND a $10 off of any $50 purchase at Erik's Bike Shop - WHOA!!!
The day has finally arrived! The show is tonight! Come to the Air and Space Museum at 5:45 for a night to remember!
not nearly as much as I'd like. Lack of time! You?
Tons of added pictures of #Vay for Sega CD / #iphone . Like us on #Facebook and check it out.
About to hit up ameer kabob I'm sure they've been missing me over there.
why? What happened? All I know is tjat thrre's a covet now
HA RT : And future still has a tiger in the carseat RT : So Javale McGee has a pet.....platypus
Don't ever get the aldi brand strawberry shortcake ice cream bars they fall apart
Nicely done Omar, and I think Scott, and might need to give you a job!
come on Tom, wouldn't be the first time you rooted for KY...
Coconut Water is looking forward to kicking off the Long Beach Marathon Expo on Friday! Stay hydrated, Long Beach!
Already Tuesday wow
oooohhhh good afternoon everyone ! Starting the day off right ... a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;)Muah
#Definition e·phem·er·on: ephemera, items designed to be useful or important for only a short time, esp. pamphlets, notices, tickets, etc.
If it hurts this much it must be love..<3
Sometimes you gotta just smile and scream on the inside...
I've also seen her used as a representation of a corporate, business woman/power lesbian... while she is clearly against capitalism.
what a long day...so tired -_- better try to sleep, back in to open 2moro. cant wait to get our puppy. <3
you are always so balls-to-the-walls accurate with your tweets man - that was excellent.
Sweet! I just skimmed her WoW Project page, neat stuff.
If God can trust us with mystery, He will trust us with revelation. If we trust God with mystery, we will trust Him in revelation.
just reassured me. "Your hot-messitude is one of the things I love about you."
I'll take that as a no.
(c) almost uploaded. i feel so bad now:(
I got a hankering for some of that pink slime.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/14/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Jumping onto the end of webinar on "Why Women Should Run for Office."
it's cute! Call me tomorrow goober (: I got my hair cut, I like it (:
I can't make a phone call inside my condo 20 miles from the US capital. Go AT&T!
White ppl call it COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT... Black ppl call it a REMIX
Phew! Someone else showed up.
“: When I think about you, I think about 17. I think about my old jeep, I think about the stars in the sky”
Does anyone have an opinion on the New York Film Academy programs?
Airports i hate them but they are alot nicer on the way out then on the way home !!
It's ok... The #Orioles will tie it up in the 10th inning.
Nope. It's my Twitter account! Plus I gurantee you've been in the same situation
Fuck yall I don't need none of yall.
Looks like I'm booked this Summer . (: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Woke up 2day missin my boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Slamming an entire bottle of C'est la Vie the night before a 12 hour workday. Genius, Dina. GENIUS.
Remember, if u are reading this tweet you are blessed! Yes, u r here, u r alive! Now take care of the issues u face! U can do it! U r here!
Had a great vacation with my awesome wife and son. I wish every week could be this good. But its back to work tomorrow.This was a great week
Carlos Boozer m.i.a.
Girls night with !
Thank you all for liking and following us on Facebook, Twitter and elsewhere. We appreciate YOU. Happy Friday!
How does he know?! I swear he has my phone tapped...
"Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny."
I dreamed about going back Ciudad Juarez last night, I miss that place so much
Everybody is eating bad food. Im eating nothing:( #ihatediets but im #motivated!
3 outs left let's go
First Gay Prez: Was the whole thing (Biden on Meet the Press, Obama interview) choreographed? David Zurawik on Midday at 1 pm
if you Google "humpity bumpity truck" it brings up about 11,100 results! who knew? lol
May 19, will be open in the BX
1/13/2011 Three Pillars of a Successful Marketing Strategy B2C Marketing Insider
that dirty mind of yours! I did not mean it like that at all!
Big Things brewing over here at the wave labs
you're not so wet.
We headed to Panama City Beach.... This should be fun!!!! s/o to Block Runnaz TV....
too scared of the #DwarfGang huh???
MMmmMMMWHAaahHQhA! 500 FOLLOWERS! WE ARE bACK ON TOP FUCKERS!
Ralph Lauren!
I wanna get mlb2k12
I wish I had American cheese slices in my fridge. I need to eat something stupid.
Give me something to do! I am so bored, just sitting at a desk
#flirtfridayz going apeshit!!!! Ocean Bar ... le go
Thanks for the #ff!
In history...:(
that cool that we have the same name :)
Loving the site real useful gadget to have!
K, now I'm hungry.
BOO!! Did I scare you?
Drake in the morning .<3
hey thanks for following.
All That!! it's when the new little kids arrived and are being mentored by the older kids. I see Nick Cannon! Good times.
ahah HEY YOU! yeah you. your birthday is in three days. haha just letting you know that i remember.(;
Another BRAIN KILLER micro short shooting this week, believe it or not it will not be creepy, mostly it will be warm and plushy.
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
THANKS for following! ***
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok? :]
Time for lunch!
Other times, you can see a bad spot on it, but if you cut that out, the rest is fine
Thanks for the RT! Happy Sunday.
Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies.-DL
The ONLY person standing in ur way is YOU! ;)
love ya!!
“: I speak baby. #DoctorWho” RT stormageddon dark lord of all
Let me guess. If I'm going to #EDC I should hit you up for "the hook up" lol
Would love to take this on RT : Lehrer calls for education in media engagement for all students. a project for ?
Five secrets of effective, interactive training. Dr. Thiagi presenting in Denver Sept 20/21. www.ispi-frc.org
:) Can't wait to see you again.
DYI U, You Tube EDU, Open educational resources are all moving use to teaching ourselves.
mine too, I had them last month too
ONLY 8 weeks of C4 left // Get yourself there this Sunday & bring your people with you!! I promise you will leave encouraged and inspired!!
Your #SXSW banners are all done! Looking mighty gorgeous! cc:
twitter is so lame...why don't you just tweet that...see i don't have to worry about twitter. all things you said.
I love the magicians. Then they always have the men that hang hooks from their eyes of put knives down their throats haha
you definitely have charisma on camera
soulja boy and s.o.d money gang =
re book soundtrack, Ash I totally agree! But I'm still intrigued...
: I know I'm a snob, but this is still ridiculous.
This space heater could just as easily be marketed as a burnt toast scent generator.
Missin you like crazy
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
I would love to open for OutKast.
Just went Ham
s/o she so dope and beautiful
Animals As Leaders, Intronaut, Dead Letter Circus, Last Chance To Reason, Evan Brewer, Castielle TONIGHT! RT!
Bouchon is amazing too and Picca is not far from there.
I wish I was Channel Westcoast so I could hang out with Rob Dyrdek all the time.
And I wouldn't complain about the wristbands too much. They really are quite cool and it was either that or some official bandanas with...
no you can't move back I have to have a roommate in cali in two years! But I do miss you all:)
did you take a listen to Dive yet?
Men are born to succeed, not fail. Henry David Thoreau
YW! Thx4 sharing the good word about
Who new that having a mustache makes the world a better place?? I do now.
C'est la vie: Such is life!
Hm. "rare" and "exception", perhaps the
Due up 3rd
“: The jockey portrait for the #kentuckyderby looks like a kindergarten class photo.”rt
“People don’t want quarter-inch drills--they want quarter-inch holes.”
just had a fried oreo for the first timee omg amazing <333
omg and you no share wale? ._.
Oh my god! I can't believe someone filmed me at Sara's bachelorette party!!! Not cool.
Excited to have headlining for us TONIGHT for Vava Voom Thursdays!!!
Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, please stop with the rumors.. it was Too Short last month ..
Picked up Dean & Carra's Fundamentals of Directing last night for 1st time since college. Very rigid, those boys, in their thinking.
Over The Hills and Far Away (Zeppelin), Rain (Beatles) and What a Wonderful World (Satchmo). Those are always in my top ten.
It definitely sounds that way
I think that me finally being able to see the stream was good luck. Saw all three first half goals.
Reading Diary Of A Wimpy Kid like a lame.
Ask away! RT : i got a question
Thanks for going to Galaxy games. I know it may not be quite the football you have back home, but the sport is growing here.
ohh snap vinny just got hacked by :>
Good Love & You?
funky... Will be checking out more of his music
go to sleep
you don't use proper grammar.
#mudmelt Andy: when we tell a story what r we not telling? Must old go away for new to arrive!
phoof you are the man miss ya son!!!
Like ur tweets and info provided.
Ensure you get off to a good start this year, review your telecommunications services in good time. Call us to see how WE can help YOU!
model feet..
Social issues in computing research still underway. Looking for alternative/radical pubs you may have re impact of computers on communities.
Half the people in this staff meeting are tweeting. I just want to fit in.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
What happened? I missed it!
Yeah! Thanks! RT : is totally successful! Look at elections...more on the way! Stay tuned!
I had some lady from a timeshare call me 15 times. After I hung up on her 10 times wanting me to come in for a tour.
i said "usually." i know this from research and political exp. and, i've actually talked to people who hold that opinion.
to all the fine ladies out there come check out all the latest new brands. we got 2 for 40 stussy and hellz bellz on deck right now.. xx
Your talent is the gift, we want to package it and present it, beautifully. Ask about us. Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Thanks so much! I really appreciate it.
Bruce Dickenson himself would have to agree that 'Electioneering' has exactly the right amount of cowbell.
did you guys put a new neck on your pbass recently?
Poised Creation has met many great people in Fort Worth! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
it's amazing!! You should play it!
Sounds fun! Count me in!
Action packed day first I cleaned then we ate Taste Of Heaven followed by swiss Chocolate then shopping mag mile style then Calo & wine YAY!
you looked so much better on the after show then on the show show! I heart SeyChelles!
just wanted to let u know Nerds inspires me.Listen to it everyday. Its so REAL.I'm tired of that mainstream shit. I AM that nerd.
Send Me ya info
Santorum officially projected winner in Tennessee. Ohio too close to call.
you could always bring it up yourself and completely derail the conversation...
I'm tired with a headache about 4 hours of sleep...but Im right back at it
you got an estimated release date?
A big welcome to all the high school students who are attending the annual AP American History Conference here this week!
RAIN! omg!1! REAL LIVE RAIN!!
omg really? you don't mind? I REALLY don't wanna bring my directionator friend, she doesn't deserve going
mine to -.- I hate that shit it's not even afternoon yet.
Free wifi at the Philadelphia Airport = awesome. :)
The smell of his room is so different! Well of course, since it's new. Kind of miss the old scent! I'll get used to it :-)
I know! I really like it. Just catching up on the episode I missed Friday.
funfetti cookies in the oven, star wars in the blu-ray player, and clothes shoved into 3 suitcases. #lastday with
Happy Birthday.
How's everyone doin this afternoon?
LOL ---> "I haven't swore since 57 tweets ago. I'm so proud of myself."
FM...no static at all...
we're so excited over here about the Rangers too! we love watching the games at work.
Yeah. He thinks because you're not interested in HIM you must be on the other team. Like I said, an idiot. (;
That's what I'm saying.
Not like that matters though
yay that makes us happy! Super proud to be one of your favorites!
personally, I (Z) agree. But until then, I'll try for the free pass :)
remember Homestar Runner? Man I am old.
Hey Eric--planning anything interesting for Dallas? :-)
navigating the austin apartment rental market is stressful
emerging photographers with Asian girlfriends.
ya dun goof'd!
Nothing, i'm kinda bored, wbu?
HAHA! Hi Voltaire fancy meeting you here! Loved the movie yes!
"Will is character in action."
yeah yeah yeah :P
Tweeting with my new droid razor....happy Mothers Day to me.
As and and I often say, G+ is a great almost-blog platform
Go fuck yourselves. Friend; you guys don't know the meaning of the word.
H. Joe Waldrum Polaroid exhibit also opens on Sun 1/30. Mary Anne Redding, Palace of the Governors, speaks @ 1p.
#edshow RUSH BABES "Bitch-Slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK : )
Terrible Tuesday. The Right Side of my Brain is fighting with the Left Side. Creativity is ruling Logic today. It happens now and then.
I'm on a 16 fml
everything was shut down because the president was in town.
calling it a night-lots of language lab/lang portfolio stuff to work on tomorrow-looking at MAC based lang lab DiLL -ReLanPro and Robotel
So many great senior-level digital strategy opportunities... away from family here in Jacksonville =/ Sigh. Start my own firm again? Hm...
Amazon canceled my order of 2 red Dalek LED keychains. The supplier was out. I guess having an awesome keychain is just not in the cards.
It truly doesn't get better than you should follow him and pick his brain... Genius, I say! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
I paid $120 for this seat and I can't even see the stage.
Happy to connect ! Have an amazing day!
dang, we have westest tomorrow.
Happy Freakin Monday! I wish I was doing something else with my day off.
cause mondays are always wierd. Haha.
“: I need 52 more followers to hit 5000! HELP!”
thanks for the
nuthin much getting my day started for the new year
What a nice start to my day to see on 7th Street shooting Castle.
At the Circus Circus :)
#2 overall locked in, not much motivation.
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"
Mrs Beasley: I'm picking fights with Otis in bed! It's way more fun to fight than it is to sleep! Hahahahaha!!
Hi! Im Samantha! Im on a show called Samantha's Life on optimum TV's! Please watch!
Opinion, if you have left someone a voicemail, how long do you consider it rude before no call back? Personal or biz.
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success.
not sure who that is but he's a moron
I honestly wish I could retweet like all of your tweets right now.
Hi Woody!
Ill remember who was there for me and who wasnt
boogie tuesdays?
I think my friends in the industry will celebrate the end of this year as much as they celebrate the beginning of the new year
RT : Please RT: now thru March 15, earn DOUBLE BUCKS on Rx & CVS Brand items! Click here to opt-in: www.CVS.com/DoubleBucks
Going thru beats all night. I plan to fall asleep in the studio 2night.I plan on gettin an assistant very soon $$$
To get blood work.
so jealous! That's awesome!!!! Purr... ;)
one more offensive rebound and im gonna kill someone!!!!
Take a shot for me
I wish my face could be seen:-(
Hey what do you say audrey has the most twitter followers
No matter what happens tonight, more than 75% of Republican voters in IA aren't feeling Mitt Romney.
I think your being stalked by Halloween!
i have nothing to do
...I told her you were with your friends, then she said I thought you were her friend & asked why don't you come here anymore
it is always a pleasure! agree - it is good to get out with a fellow PR mama!
Something lifting me up, something holding me down
I got a Htc radar phone it a window phone
You're making me miss DC and my SI peeps! #tweers =(
Too bad I can't receive the award...I don't have time due to the overwhelming amount of work I have...
LETS GO HEAT . hahahahahahahaaahahahahaaa
WE UPDATED OUR WEBSITE. Experience improved navigation and new features. We hope you like it! www.painted-words.com
agreed. easily could have big man coughed that one up forced a shot etc. instead regained poss. & handed it off 4 easy 2
lady your awsome, keep up the good work girl, hopefully we'll see you soon, we're paving our road now
I feel like a creeper because I retweet so much. Sorry his tweets are just good.
Hah *don't
“A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” - John Steinbeck
Attention FLood victims in Georgia, Missouri and Alabama.. I have a product for you. Prevent flooding with the new sandless sandbags.
Miss you too, sweet woman! Hope you're well.
hahahahaha of course. And scooter is justins closest advisor with kenny and moshe as the secret service
RT : I only want to give it you -
Hammocks for cats. Because Every pussy gets tired.
Cranking code?
Can you follow me back plz?=)
I'm not sleeping till follows me. looks like I'll be awake for the rest of my life...
I was not feeling the gym this morning but what three words got my butt out of bed? Hard work, dedication. My butt thanks you.
thnx for following
That's awesome you were able to make it to our release show man, we super appreciate the support :). Keep listening!
Oh. Well, that's a relief then. Now I can go to lunch without worry. RT Europe to be fixed in 45 minutes
I'm bored too.
For every hr of entertainment you should try to have an hr of education. I was praised for proving a friend with an awesome book. He took...
nickulrey: Guys leave girls for one of three reasons 1. They're too easy. 2. They cheated. 3. They're clingy and annoying.
good suggestion!
In the SWATS you can find unhealthy food from old franchises. Spike Lee owned a burger joint down there called Galaxy.
What about that fancy alpaca? That's not a fancy alpaca; that's a toney llama.
I'm glad we are both stoked on it. Too bad we can't see it together.
RT : Tulsa 912 Project rally tonight at 8 in Tulsa courthouse plaza.
Wow Staten Island a bit well done! Could smell it cooking on the train yesterday. NY even has more on menu incl a Long Island special
yo mama's teeth so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings, i got sunshine on a cloudy day. . . . .
Yes! Or to the future. The robots will crush them.
"we can have champagne and celebrate the new day"
Thanks for the Support Brett!! We Love You!! We Will Be Back in MAY! New Studio, New Format, Same Show!!
I've been twitter-silent lately. I'm OK with it. Wish more people would wait to post if their post isn't going to be valuable to someone.
To all my actor friends, colleagues, et al: Okay, today the ballots go out. Vote YES.
I fix Traffic tickets Dui and warrants call me 702-882-6007
was....where u at fatty
I wish I could have seen it...just got in here in sexy Omaha. Cannot wait to see highlights :D So proud of them
Thank you, Pete! Definitely let me know when you get into SD-- we'll figure something out. Hope all is well, friend!
There has only been one homicide and one attempted homicide in Madison so far this year.
Heat Academy!!!!
Dis Twitter Wont Lemme Follow Nobody..
Omw home finally!
ur imagines scare me
draft position, getting terrible coach fired
Meditation is fundamental in the part of the human being, provide the pause to observe and understand the system that we're living..
it's just as pointless and dumb.
I see no Garret D in the trailer. That makes me sad. New trailer please Rian. Thanks ahead of time.
Oh!!! I know that one. It's fake but rlly funny.
Am I in love? OMG!! hehe
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
Oakland back to full strength
Getting ready to go to work
Hey twitter people what's up
I Got My Hubby's Back..I Love You So Much
Great TV this weekend. Watched on Saturday and then and on Sunday. Now off to finish my novel!
": just had to make sure... DMW IN THIS BIDNIGHT"<<<< lmao you already know
u r incredible!
lap swimming w strange children in my very near future, catching up with a healthy meal and Sunday News - is NJ allergic to the NY Times!
i cant wait for my babies to get home from church
I wonder who is the top 5 of females in hip hop
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve. - Wilfred Peterson
It is not enough to aim; you must hit. - Proverb
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Life can be pretty uncertain and we often don't appreciate how precious our relationships with family and friends are...
May have embraced leggings-as-pants as grad school hermit, but somehow adding pockets/denim seems less appropriate.
hi yall just got back from bak 2 skool night at High School, How Many Had That 2 Night???????
Somebody posted a video with multiple riders in it. Where did it go? We didn't get to see it.
That is a crap call. Been there before. Rule but it stinks.
Go after your dreams or stand in your night mare
Bar hoping in the city
See you tonight at Napper Tandy's for the mixer?? Starts at 5:30!
Why is it still cracking me up that people "follow my Tweets on Twitter"? What am I, like, 10?
MY MAMA TAUGHT @ THE NEW KALAMAZOO CENTRAL HIGH FROM 1983-1992... THATS HOW I MET DEREK JETER B4 HE BECAME A YANKEE
Hi, my name is Dameron and I have muscles xD lmfao
It was great to see some of my favorite people, amazing land and good music in colorado
It's happening & peace That's what I need
Thinking about joining the army
its raining <3
If you ever decide you need a captcha alternative, please check us out.
Local fleamarket=biker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies & hoarders-a feast for eyes and conversation
no I'm not u don't even fwm
my hot party with the best house music in nyc is tonight at pink elephant!
For real! I totally get my sewing on to your music.
o o another one. When louis was pretending to be mario. So freaking cute
Prompted me to look at #DBI index where LeBron's overall score is falling. Even more interesting...trust attribute trending downward.
Saw, of course. Slipped my mind. See also Necromentia and Wound. Also something else I just screened whose title escapes me.
Who needs coats, amirite?
u never asked...lol
yes it is... GO Mavs!
Love your work! Please let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us!
Holy Shit! Bruce.
hey did yall end up doin anything the other night?
There is nothing more vulgar or ghetto than neighbors who blast their music
It's another day in school. Buying a new guitar to practice more :)
Prescription promised for 5 not ready at 5:20. Thank you, CVS.
that's actually kinda hilarious. Just had a similar conversation about "text-speak" that's used IRL. makes me shake my head.
haha so have I I've been so happy since I ended our friendship
But the irony is had Lebron made his decision n came 2 the knicks,i wouldnt be slandering him every chance i get lmao
DJ Jalapeño is bringing it!
We haven't finalized all the contests, etc yet, but we will keep your idea in mind! Cheers!
how are expected to even work? That is some B.S.
Anyone know who fed Ripert and Bourdain tonight?
#AsAKid all the members of See Jane Rock started playing their instruments!
why are you complaining non stop shut the fuck up already if i didn't care then what makes you think ima care now ??
Hermanas and are spending the day volunteering with high school kids! So excited to hear their stories
One of the most bizarre quarters I have ever
great set last night!
Everyone ready for a Facebook Contest?!?
DEMI LOVATO IS STUNNING but #chadevans2 is AMAZING!! #wronglyconvicted in NH & he still has a positive attitude =) We will win this NH!!
Dear everyone: talk, instead of displaying a series of signs. Bob dylan already milked that before you were born.
awww, Houston Post is missed for sure. Dig that competition.
A question all the truly awesome women of the world ask themselves at one point. Happy 1st date!
Entered! “: Please enter me!”
the difference between Metallica and Johnny cash is minimal :-P
I would be pleased to participate. This is what I do for a living (and for fun).
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Centre Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 or less.
Now following thanks for the follow and subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot again
Why da fuck u trynna play me. . Jus because we fuckin it don't make you my lady. .
Meet some real loyal people and some snakes along the way
WOW her hair looks like sh** . Why would she do tht seriously ...
Best deressed athlete in MN is and he smells good too, his cologne #NUMB#RS :)!
this summer should be live !
was funny
i hate bum ass people, bitch how you gone make me do something... basically you calling me a slave right? but i thought slavery was over.
Fear what you don't know....
You're Not The Only One Walkin' Round With A Loaded Gun.Got A Good Alibi, & My Bag's All Packed. This Little Girl Is Capable Of Murder.
well you've officially missed the surprise. I'm retracting your +1
(Really what we were shouting out for today was just for other asexual ppl to help that asexual user on the boards directly. :))
Great pass to Asik
Hey, maybe the market manipulators can pull the DOW positive today, despite having been down over 100 a little while ago. Some market.
GOOD LUCK #AbuDhabiTr competitors!!!! : T-Minus 3 hours until the elite start here in Abu Dhabi!
Tryna help Jass to find her tracking order.
Thank you.
ha I know stranger.,how are you
They playin Somebody that I used to knoww in dubstepp... tight
Join us at the senior center tonight to learn all about mifflin at 7pm
the lob that westbrook just gave to KD though
which what?
Beautiful day for baseball
this episode of How I Met Your Mother on dating is really hitting it on the mark. so true with all these stupid rules and over-thinking...
lol...great. now I need protection leaving work.
I appreciate everyone EVERYONE who supported me with my remix, at the end of the day I got to play it for Teddy Riley in person, Thanks!
Welcome back #USF students! Summer Classes begin today, so stop in and get your #books at the cheapest prices! Open till 8.
sure, love(:
Now's about the time I wish I had access to my drum kit...
Just watched Beer Wars
Happy New Years Eve!!! :)
Thank you for following me back! :) much love
I wish Sofia Grace and Rosie had a twitter!! Do they??!
Just saw the sneak peak of #rockofages on #Idol -- it's a comedy, right? 'Cause it looks funny. Love Alec Baldwin's wig. Stylin'.
is it only me that can burn my foot on hairstraighters fml?-_-
can people from my town stop reblogging crystal hate that bitch
what pictures?:O i want to see
my account got hacked thanks for the update.
Stephanie Baker quotes:...“We figure we have to sell about 20 funnel cakes to buy one pair of shoes.”
Good am Seattle! Hot hot hot. Congrats 2 ppl going 2 facebook party (I only got invitees far). Stop by 4 panini - we're on ground flr
library time
Thanks to #Glee I am now obsessed with ... and they're playing at the 9:30 club in DC at the end of the month!
That is wonderful to hear Glad everything went smoothly. Yes, should be very proud.
: Thanks for the RT!
can you give me his number?
Leavin the twin cities-headed to Mileaukee today...time for some real PBR
iif this world did not have girls to talk to or hangout with i would jump off a building
We will have the 2012 Fringe application up by Monday, February 27th. Look for it.
I wish I could say screw it to my homework & go to sleep but my GPA can't afford it.
Where the heck is ?
Go Lakers...we can do this If they win this i would call this a gret year...pls... BEST NEW YEAR!!
I recommend brushing up (or learning) doing fizzbuzz or fibonacci in Python. Screens sometimes just want a litmus test of code.
Happy birthday nickk!!! Mine was yesterdayy :)
Why some ppl complaining about what other ppl have in der bio does it really matter wat dey have at da end of the day???
What's up twitter world! Well after a great weekend of hoops l now I am left with watching Star Wars and Wrestle Mania.
If Parker goes to UCLA, how do they afford to feed him and Josh Smith all year?
KOMO 4 TV news live at 5pm from the 5 Point. Story at 5:08 on extended hours
use it for school and running my sites. Windows Office is for school.
HIPAA has nothing to do with health care. :-P
Gah hootsuite! Every time I publish on it's showing up here too.... apologies!
I Heart Yoga =)
21 is officially my lucky number(;
Is it too early to start pregaming for ? #arewethereyet?
Totally random! #LeoPower :)
none of that had to do with my well being...i never even said anything about me
role of parents, school, teachers and "good enough" #rcparker Gender&Sexuality development diversity
Thanks :) I really appreciate it ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The jury hasnt come in yet for the murders of What a sad story for a celeb that means the world to us. RIP to the
I think some dinner is in order before some fun tonight. Then the APA Heritage Ball tomorrow night at the US Chamber of Commerce!
RT Reading how microvolunteering and online games can change the world.
Made a new twitter : )
Curious about the time choice for #SFETSY Twitter chat. Did you experiment with a few times and get the most engagement in the AM?
It's a Karen Carpenter Pandora kindof day
MSLGROUP Americas welcomes (client) to twitter. Open your world and follow them.
whats the question
Got a couple of nights out without baby this week. Went to Water Buffalo with clients on Tues. and Swig last night for Sean Duffy event.
It's you, Howard Levy is hevy )RT : It's probably just me, but does every good jazz harmonica player sound like Toots Thielemans?
Congrats to all for an amazing LA premiere last night. I don't have the words for everyone that came to support.
I swear, Oakland city government never stops impressing with its small town pettiness.
Bynums old ass with his white hair
Its been awhile since i tweeted!!
Where there is equality there never can be perfect love. - Italian Proverb
Have the time of your life, let it show...
AP: Obama defends timeline for ending war, says goal 'not to build a country in America's image'
I'm planting corn in Indiana listening to on HI-99!
I love you boys so much! My Birthday is today! Love you boys! xx
He conducts himself like a jerk. He has a punchable jerk face. That's what I mean by jerk.
I think you just forgot, you is a lil slow lol(:
I'm slinging booze at Bowery Electric Happy Hour 5-10pm, 327 Bowery. Come stalk me!
I think in 6 months Obama is going to say he's officially against bullying in schools. (Hey- he's gotta take what he can get.)
can someone tell me why were doing trigganometry in pre-algebra ?
see u canget the track number homie?
Lolololoolol Hey uncle tony suck brick kid
I need a backyard so I can put a trampoline in it.
Thanks to the Youth for Beto team who got out to #vote at #UTEP!!
we need to all meet up soon! #15317representin'
nope, I was not impressed with captain America at all! Sad yet true... Xo J
could be worse: could be Barney.
There is no magical pill for weight loss, it's the same thing for every person. Work out, cut calories and eat correctly
ha ha thought i was hearing things
wishing Congress would just take the rest of the year off, no new laws, unless it's an amendment requiring a balanced budget...
it ain't my fault no limit solders.
Watching the Weiners Circle and it makes me want to go there I love drunken nights in Chicago
making sure bourbon interviews are html5 compliant...
me and talk about the most retarded things
He had me at
Lewis: All these very educated Icelanders have 2 options, trawler fishing or aluminum smelting. Enter investment banking.
Home sales are up in Pike Township by 17% over last year at this time. Mortgage interest rates could not be better.
Watching a movie in the theater CARS TWO YAYY LOL..!!
Looking forward to Perry and Bachmann pulling out of the race.
forever alone ;)
u make me feel like tgif ;) ... see u soon xo!!
Sad bums>
There's something to be said about drinking OJ out of a Vitucci's glass.
OK, what's up , we need an announcer with a BOOMING voice, like on the UK show!
please follow me <U+263A> I am your great fan
Can't Wait! so excited to have you with us in #ATX!
That trip downstairs took a lot outa me. Gonna need a nap.
almost everything but my hearts a perfectionist
Mad thursdays was insane!!! Last night was just crazy!! we were packed by 11..Come check us next wk to see why we always have a packed thurs
Thanks to everyone who helped PACK Fred's Texas Cafe last night! It was good to see y'all!!
Melvin Santana is another artist and a dear friend that inspires my flow...
did u just tweet yourself?!? Lol
I cannot believe my eyes the pier in NC has collapsed.. #Irene means business
found a sombrero in the library
First, he will dunk the ball with his schlong
that perspective is terrible. I expect more.
"Everyone is beautiful in their own unique way, you have something better then anyone else"
Working on the Website for "The Hardest Love" which is to Launch real soon! I am Thankful for so much! Peace
Ah, so that's why you moved to SF. Congrats!
That's okay. Know that I will be there. Lurking. At your door. Watching you sleep. >-> ... <_< ... 0_o
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap? Should be an interesting night.
#MyPastRelationships Some were Awesome&Some I Cried To Many Times For But Hopefully Youll Be w/ Me&Help Me Forget Bout Those Bad Memories:P
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they can avoid trauma of depression and anger.
Nothing like an ice bath double date with Bconvey on Saturday afternoon.
: I'm the one who's tonight. Come and hang with us, Kenny!
Always be
wow today is weeeeiiiirrrd
Have a great birthday tomorrow...hope your bf gets you something nice...
i REALLY miss our friendship... oh well, i guess /: shit happens & life will continue to go on with ups & downs.
RT : We don't walk by what we see, we walk by what we know. Know this: God is taking you into your spacious place, the...
my twitter got hacked!! what do i do?! sorry for any weird messages! :O
Agreed. I can't wait to see which premium network is the first to try an a la carte subscription. Cable TV needs disruption.
-__- ha but hey tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day. :)
Awh (: well #IThinkYouAreAmazing <3 today (not gonna say any names) but a tennis girl told me I hit hard net shots to feel...
im a poopsie.
7am is always a good time to read comments section on race & gender 0_o. Better than coffee!
shoot thats still good u know what others bringing
What is the best advice your mother ever gave you?
Welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for #austinbars!
Found out job hunting with a margarita in hand sucks a lot less than job hunting WITHOUT a margarita. Who knew?!
I COULD NOT FIND U ON FB, HOWEVER I FOUND U HERE... LOL... ;-0
I know it is great sportsmanship to not scuffle during handshake, but I'd much rather there have been 20 on 20 brawl at end w coaches.
Go Tyler!!
Soccer games can be the most boring things ever.
I'm assuming that the person who coined the phrase "It's better to give than to receive" had never experienced oral sex.
ready to hurt someone. I hate math, I hate research papers, I hate finals week, I hate school &I hate when sisters get married the same week
Come on mocha ... do your magic Monday morning thing!
plenty upcoming shows, but not a single one of them in milwaukee, little alone Wisconsin. Come here!!!
Hard work = working hard. If you are not working hard, don't give yourself credit for hard work.
Pay pay pay PACERS!
I'm learning how to "manual" which is bringing the front wheels up.
Holla If You Need Me
When I meant relatively quiet, I meant public events (ur holiday party is private). The LudaXmas is tempting, but ...
why do you choose Bayern?
Boutta Get Me 2 Pairs Of New Shoes ,
This new lotion I'm wearin is messin w my <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
BEYONCEISPREGNANT# congrats to B & J
": Walking through penland in my pink slippers #thankyou "
Now it's on to 's latest.
NO!!! Where's Dougie?! If I die I want him to be the last person I see! :P
Should've listened to Harbaugh...always listen to Harbaugh
": No Doubt was the fucking shit!"<<<< Love love love No Doubt
Well, you're a UNC fan. That's pretty gross, too. :)
There are currently 3,143 counties and county-equivalents in the United States.
How have you been? You have been about as quiet as I have this last week.
Keep going for the three boys
Oh, Tao Lin's still around?
MEET YOU ALL THE WAY ROSAANNAAA YEAH
As soon as Austin said he was having a contest to meet him, I started freaking out. Then he said "in the LA area" grrrrr -____-
you got a better chance of finding a $100 dollar bill than me following you! #Twitter get rid SCUMBAGS aka promoting PORN!
Bob Arum has a gigantic tongue and it makes it hard for him to talk.
hey tweeps what up
Kitchen, Lol, , thanks for following!
Finally got the house to myself. Need to get some bitches over here pronto!
Curt wanted the info on a run being held during TC. Thought it was you & 's Koman Run, but that's in Sept
My Big Fat #GypsyWedding is a crazy show.
I cant believe I made the auditions. Omg crying. So happy
: I get your goal to make #BGP a world class event... but why not try harder to make Baltimore a world class city?
#God #Loves you for #Who you are and #How you are, not who you aren't and who you ought to be.<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> #GodBless and
Great show! Caught it here in LA!!! Fela Kuti changed the world!
Poor Tim Tebow. God must be saving the magic for the Giants.
I want too sue my mom for screwing up my credit do i have a case
"Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop."
You may need to reinstall OS X. had a similar issue, they did a soft reinstall (keeping my info / files) and the pb went away.
I wanna watch snow white!
you do have pretty colored eyes !
No worries. I'm working 2day so will b on/off. Need 2 add u 2 other email -
I'm back in NYC and prepping for class and auditions, Army PSA and ABC tomorrow. Yay!!!
You attorneys and your "practicality."
what's up with you not following me...follow back sir :)
Wtf! I Must Be Tweakin, I Was Callin Because I Ain't Have A Ride To The Mall. So I'm Not Gon Be Able To Come #TeamFoll ...
Is snacking on ham cubes out of a ziplock baggie harder on my cholesterol or my self esteem?
Hopefully, its good news. RT : RT : Cubs could have some very big news coming!
I'm ready to ROLL TIDE on that arse...where watching the game?...
Thanks to all my followers Follow me I follow back!!
On my way to school. One more year than i graduate Elementary School. Finally!
Went to Focus the Nation at PBCC and listened to some great speakers; then was granted the opp. to share about my run for office. Happy E-D.
“: More Darvish on Hamilton: “I believe he’s going to hit five home runs for me next time I pitch.” #MLBTonight” hope so
When tweets u sent a while ago don't send till now...
So looking forward to catching up with tweeps and making new ones at #STC12!
RE: The tweet about "herb&cheese" (urban cheese). See also "challah bread" (holla bread). Have I lived in Baltimore too long?
That would be better than a 9-5 job in a cubicle. I'm sure would agree too
dragging a** today. Meaning, it's a great day for a aja....it's like mmj red bull. what more could you ask for?!
Just touched back down in the nap.. What's goin on today? Hmu with plans
although last year was amazing, the complete domination of the league this year would be hard to beat.
ouch again “: My Paterno tweets have upset some folks. Sorry; sanctioning decades of child rape is sort of a pet peeve of mine.”
lmao daydreaming about food i be doin that too!
Thank You God for blessing us with another day! Appreciate each moment because no day is promised to us!!!
No Compares To The Love iHave For You <3
I just logged into the CMS I swore I'd never touch again: Serena Collage.
right im so #teamdamon its not even funny
Cause you have class RT : I don't let nobody come over unless I clean up first. Random fact.
Hey I'm back from school, was boring as ever. how was ur day?
wish I was there!
move to san diego, ill introduce you to my friends :)
just got my cloaking device on...nah Bruh, I'm flowing through in the morning
True that...lol
This old lady got blonde hair lol she look like a granny version of Naim .
Ice storm = No Dish ... Ugh!
lmfao Somebody come here and look at this......look at this......God damn cat drinking milk out the bowl
Xoxo! : Shout out to for being such a team player & providing us with Halloween candy! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>"
Sitting here with my son.. Irene didn't make it this far up, THANK GOD!! Praying for all of those affected by this hurricane..
RT thanks for the follow!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
would be kid friendly. But it really depends. Quaker Steak & Lube is more of a restaurant than a bar.
what kind of whiskey? thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
oh yes, but don't forget to do the laundry
Four of my favorite social media buddies have birthday's today -- & -- happy birthday, guys!
Today's affliction becomes future ability to minister in strength and wisdom. Psalm 119:71-72
Amen. RT : Theres nothing more beautiful then the sun setting over texas
yep! We and will be presenting at the cooperative showcase on Friday and I'll be at the conference all weekend.
Let's play Titanic- You be the ocean and I'll go down on you ;)
You know you're a awkward flirter if you go up to someone and just say "hey you, I like your face. K bye."
suddenly: students.
July 24, 1978 - Billy Martin resigns as manager and is replace by Bob Lemon.
“ coño now rite but ok I'm a give it to u in aim
If you love something let it go free. If it doesn't come back, you never had it. If it comes back, love it forever.
y nt..u ok
I can't sleep :| they haven't released the names of the people who died at the fair tonight, and I've heard back from all my friends but one
Will you post link to that later? I'd love to hear it but am really enjoying Mary's session right now. Love Murray HS philosophy
Unplugged and took a twitter break for a bit, but back now!
thanks Austin!
I'm going to hold my standards I dnt care wat everybody else doing !!!
thank you, lady! much appreciated. are you in L.A. yet?
Secondary of basement. No fire, no victims. Not sure what if any fire is left. Haven't heard a "knock down" marker yet.
Every1 is like "what do you want for your bday." and I'm just like "World of Dance tickets."
"Show me the avatar you had before the internet was born." -- Traditional Rinzai Zen koan
#sljsummit10 Abram: interaction, not just interactivity. Reading centers on the human dimension, not the black and white
oh good! I was getting worried! haha:)
man makes da chain, CHAIN DONT MAKE A MAN!!! S.O.J. SWAG OVA JEWLERY!!!
Busy past 2 weeks, but never too busy to work to #ElevateOthers. Dare You to #EncourageGreatness in Others. Encourage Successful behavior!
“While pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.” ~ Buddha
For sure! I enjoy your tweets even as a beer novice.
you're welcome!!
Who can be so cruel to make: GagasCareerDiedWithJamey. Her career is liver than ever.
what did you say?
i just like to talk to strangers :)
Me too!!
nope! That's Kyle-food. We went to get a bloody Mary and grilled fish from Le Whole ().
is it really 6:00??? WHERE HAS THE DAY GONE?!
Discovered one of my favorite writers, Adam Gopnik, interviewed Saul Steinberg in the 80s and it was never published. Tantalizing
how bout that SEC??
Merry Christmas everyone!!!! Be safe and have fun!
you gotta do it from your computer in your account settings.
Listening to a little and thought about the Ahmazin
This is my favorite christmas movie
A4 I'm always on the lookout for wonderful local artisans to add value to my projects
Hey Prince Fielder, F*ck you. You didn't deserve to win today or any other day.
The tradeoff for winning the Super Bowl is having absolutely no excitement for/during draft night. But I'll take it.
Wow tiger!!
It's a start. Now can we get him and his world power agenda out of American voters homes. That would be nice. K, Thx
$ay It Again! *InMyPinky(from next Friday)Voice*.....
Let me show you to the best ass eater
nope! you should keep it the way it is!
Wrong...they have a surely racially conscious black female character named "Queenetta"
advice from guys "maybe you should change your hair" apparently that will fix everything.
Allergies BLOW!
EX to the HAUSTED.
Tried the new Monavie energy drink (Emv) this weekend - delicious. Getting some to share this week!
But fuck it I'm good weed puffing & my whole teams stunning boy wssssup! bet you don't remember that song! Haha
This Song Make Me Sad
#dc #metro area #syep #apps are out, not sure about #nyc or other areas.
There you go <3
bahaha did u feel followed?! Omg how creepy..and the setting at a gas station..ew haha
Game on. Now what's the first ad? MT Obama campaign official confirms first major TV ad buy in swing states: WI, MI, VA, OH, NC.
have fun on homework.
Dr. Knight said "30% of medical costs are due to lifestyle choices; are we will to let someone who has made wrong personal choices to die?"
Hosting the ever present & much needed Bar Camp this Saturday - call 503.288.6200 or email to reserve a spot.
While most are dreaming of success, winners wake up and work hard to achieve.
Why, in a report about #Madison fire fighter training, did have to close in on a blue fist sticker on a helmet?
What makes librarians valuable? Answering hard questions!
Greatest tragedy of this period was not strident clamor of the bad people but the appalling silence of the good people Martin Luther King
its never gonna die
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
Who's out and about?
Thanks for the fun conversations today ! Looking forward to more about your #libraryasincubator programs!
The 'over 65' group spends a reported 42 hours online every month, more than any other group according to new Nielsen report.
You can tell a lot about a person by the tricks they hang around
ahh why cant i just fall asleep early like everyone else
The spotlight is nothing without you girl!!!
i really dont like sports so i can care less who win and go to the superbowl #SkateOrDie ... stop asking me who i want to win
Los Angeles for the weekend!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!<U+2728>
Break a leg!
i still hate you just as much as when you left.
I need an outfit for NYE!
All my fans out there please subscribe to my youtube channel username thebiglongdong you can also add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz ...
It's going to be legendary.
...The 90-min and 2-hr rates are better deals. $90 for 90 minutes or $110 for 2-hours, again minus 20% for your first session
It was probably one of my husband's machines, too.
i am actually riding in the trunk of this car. my mom thought it was funny. from northside to downtown #areyoufuckingserious ?
Go say hi to our clothing sponser!
yeah tomorrow's good dude, you're based in clapham right? wanna meet around fulham?
Why does my hair always look amazing at night just before bed? Hair, do like this 9 hrs. later instead! Wrong time zone dude, get on it.
Beautiful weather equals beach time
I don't mind if I see a nigga all in my bitch if she has bra, no panties. Lookin like she wanna bone. Just gone and take that hoe home
I hope we get to say hello in Vegas!
Just in case there was any confusion, I have updated my twitter handle to Follow along!
ya bring-Ed it
Awh, does someone feel left out? cc
uh oh! That is not fun stuff /: friends with benefits! hahah what about you??
here I go! Twitter is old I'm conversing through telekinesis now. So far nobody has hit me back. Lol
So who among you have made the jump to #Spotify Unlimited? Worth it?
Aw Selena said not just cuhz I love him but cuhz he's the best
In DC yet I'm forced to #SpotTheShuttle on a UStream feed. So close yet so far away.
Ive put a lotta of people on... Is it my turn???
Happy New Years Eve!
R.i.p. 2 dis beat I killed
Minnesota , here i come (: 11 more hours (:
Importer/exporter. Latex. RT : What does your company do?
um. yea i just did
Dude, there are worse things...you could have just been STRANDED lol
how can you say luck is a one in a decade QB when RG3's numbers are better. What does that make RG3?
Yes he is! and a heckofa nice guy as well!
Whoop there it is......the #6 seat is going to the SUPER BOWL!!
Now that the iMac at work is setup, time to do something with it.
Well. That was scary.
The Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm, cares abt R communities life, join us & learn how 2 take care of it! Submit ur application
Including Rob's podcast?
fat ass lol
Of the 7 top news feeds on ESPN mobile, 6 of them are negative. A coach fired, manager suspended, player leaving team, players hurt ,etc
he wouldn't be able to get away with that...the NBA is only sport with egos like that
lol do we now?
We're celebrating human trafficking month in the back of 's car with two non-citizens in the back :) #MW2012 w/
'Twas a never submitted product of ancient days... Do remember lots of improvisation/emergence in the knitting processes...
where can I find the Working family's report card?
Thanks Mishy! Love u too! Xo Happy Mother's Day to #htc moms! And can't forget
I do segments about once or twice a month featuring people that impact our community.
Anyone at the #vcpoloclassic on ? Is Prince Harry there this year??
: Couldn't agree with you more. No
The margin of sampling error for any poll is greater among it's subsets than it's total population.
The boyz are gonna be on ABDC this Wednesday?!! What, is this real life.... I'm gonna ball. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
If #WhatDoesntKillYouMakesYouStronger then I think it's time I enter a strong man contest! Thank you #KellyClarkson!
lol better be :p but alrighty we're almpst to the place, he's gonna message you soon
When you just wish u felt a curtain way so bad.... But realize that the time is just not right.
Marion County emailed the "State of Emergency" declaration for all of Marion County, as of 11:46am today
Water? I'd tap that.
some one isnt DMing me anymore :(
Play "Get yo Money Girl"
Beautiful night in Kansas City.
Fax Machines... still?
ugh I know, we are so slow- I'm bored out of my mind!!
