Watching the baby owls tonight was AWESOME!
im a space-bound rocket ship
Sharp eye. :)
Happy Birthday to Nolan! You're two now! Holy cow. Where does the time go?
So not impressed with Oracles intrusive Java updater complete with splash screen and prompts!
I'd like some fan fiction.
And days like these are what make me stronger. My hope is in God.
ANYWAYS. Enough of me ranting. Just sad that Juliet didn't win </3 really love her and her voice.
LET DA GAMES BEGIN...
Dr. Purvis travels to Victoria, BC today for the International Foster Care Organization Conference. We hope to see some of you there!
Lemme get a turkey sandwich , lettuce tomato. Bitch.
awh rightt:) since when was you and austin going out?:) and tel him to follow on both accounts and please follow me?<3
I'm just so hopelessly...metric.
new idea for making running better: get your kid to make a playlist for your ipod. so fun! many remakes by cast of glee... i felt glee...
The semester is wrapping up. But I still have lots of grading to do.
I'm currently PAYING BILLS!
Hot baths are amazing..but suck the life out of me. <U+E108>
if you need to vacate from hurricanes and earthquakes, I'm down in MS right now with an open guest room!
Finally cutting into my Dr. Seuss fabric. Making a baby quilt.
I'm running a table at a job fair... All the other companies have cool things on there tables....
Going to sit in bed and read my SAT book. (:
www.roadtosturgis.wordpress.com new blog
In Ireland! That would be amazing.
Avatar is my new favorite movie!!
Happy Birthday
i just beat every level in angry birds seasons with 3 stars!!!:D yeah!!
Come on mother nature, you're giving us a gray day on a MONDAY!?
hate you
Coming down to the wire. Can't wait to win this thing!
i think i am going to go play bf3 like this hahahaha.
Aloha Kakahiaka! We are alive & well which is a blessing in itself! We are making noise with our music blogs!!!!
It's a beautiful day today. Do you guys have any fun outdoor plans for the evening? Running, biking, and so on?
Lol...I trip off some ppl & their shenanigans...You're merely a FLEA...I deal with way bigger TICKS than you!
I love Chicago!!!
yes a very wise guy :)
4 Free Movie Tickets When You Stay the Weekend with Marriott! For reservations or details, visit: www.marriottcharlotte.com
Im here for you to
Never ever leave the highway in West Virginia. It does not go well.
#NotClearOn why everyone at SAE loves foursquare so much.
I'll be starting my #Badgers post-spring position writeups sometime early next week. Any formats you'd like to see? Thinking stock up/down
can't stop laughing!!!
Yup. The carnavales start from December until February.
It's hot outside but has great air conditioning. Get out of the heat tonight at 8pm for Ayre.
So many hops, so little time to taste 'em all. What's your favorite strain?
motivation, experience, and conversational connection
Video - hope you take a few minutes to watch the documentary & download the free albums so you can get an idea of who I really am
RIP Julius Caesar
You have made yourself a new enemy, and I am a bad one to have. Good job.
are you exited for #BOYFRIEND ? I am :) please follow me :) <3
When I'm correct, no one remembers. When I'm wrong, no one forgets..
Awesome, have a great weekend!
How can you not want to smash that cocky smirk off Paul Krugmans sniveling, pathetic, bootlicking, know nothing, status quo face?
i hope she doesnt flat out say no =|
I just think it involved you the whole time.
It has returned! Bottling #EstateGrown 2009 #CabernetFranc today. Stop in and taste a glass right from the bottler. Cheers!
Thanks for returning the follow!!:)
That awkward moment when I saw in the hallway <
Cohen: Quality prevention is aimed at community and focused on norms.
Imma gone head and do it. What do I have to lose....
For Jazz Music you can Taste click --> www.myspace.com/robjuice007 for my New hit single 'MY PILLOW'
Watching #idol... I can not believe there are only 5 peoples left!
In other news, an octopus has 3 hearts. Coolest thing I've heard since the turn of the century.
So pumped up after Fogerty joined for The Weight last night I got a ticket for 88mph in 65... Maybe they will pay my ticket.
i bet you didnt get alex's last tweet (;
awww thank you!!
email me on FB and I'll lead ya there
Imdoing my math homework
Good point. If you can't handle rejection in the application process, how are you going to deal with the 200-apps-for-1-job part?
what's up ?
2-0 #OKC ": typical #LakerNation excuse <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>“: All im saying is where is your team at”"
I love myself better than anyone else.
RKG - proportional credit to each marketing channel is key. Control tests still important.
Good to hear there is interest in it. I hadn't thought about the dictation, that be pretty cool.
Watching the teen choice awards:)
gets annoyed at fixing broken technology - instead of getting her work done. It feels like wasted time.
Did you know you can now get bomboloni at Agatha Valentina!! -Btween 78 & 79th St. 1ave. Pick up a delicious bomboloni from them today!
email me any details you have to substantiate:
Track practice, last day of practice... Then chick fil a party :)
I guess its called the groove show.... now this good music .
keep your head up baby girl <3 it's all gonna be okay
I'm learning to shuffle :D
ready for a nap!
Happy Tuesday! Working on any cool projects today?
updating internet pages... twitter is stupid
At least this way the Sooners can win both the Big XII championship AND a bowl game.
We loved it! Guest with us commented "Wow, are zoo gift shops usually this nice?" Good job!
I need to broaden my horizons
after seeing Rose injured when he could've been sitting the rest of the game, don't even know why Wade is still on the court.
#Facebook for business-get back to #Marketing basics-humanize, engage, reach out, connect, listen and respond.
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only girl in the universe who hates nail polish.
deffinatly! ill be there tomorrow lol
Thatz not how I wanted to wake up
Cramp life? That time of the month? TMI Mia (lol just playin... kind of) !
are you gonna be recording some stuff at SDCC?
RT : Reminder: SoTL submissions due March 16. Share your scholarship on teaching and learning! Questions:
same here!
Get paid to help others $$$$ what a beautiful concept! DM me for more info =)
Thank you all SO much for helping make the first day on iTunes so great!! #yourmessageshavemademyday ( AW!)
Maureen O'Sullivan.Mia's mom.So beautiful and so talented we all miss her. (video)
#deartwitter I am writing this in the form of a letter because thats whats on my mind. I think that twitter should give you a 220...
Your past is not nearly as bad as the people who keep reminding you of it.
Let me stop talking before I end up with something I'll regret lol
TV advertising. It works. Just decided to buy a toothbrush.
We're back !! See you Wednesday :)
Im about over Nate. Was excited for him a month ago.
I best stop complaining about the job assessment if I can't even put a 140 character tweet together without a typo.
Joke* Police: "You were going 90 miles per hour." Motorist: "How can you tell? I've only been on the road for 10 minutes."
#GURT2011 panel Fri am: Performing politics: Media and the new face of politics
i miss you and prison break!!!
Mentally exhausted, done. Praying for some sleep tonight!!!! G'night all. Stay safe.
Eating our normal Thursday night Subway dinner. Never gets old. :)
Just put shutters on my grandparents house :)
And gotta go back off.. Can't do imagine tweets. G2g):
So how do refugees like my DH come to USA w/NOTHING & make damn fine lives while college grads whine about their bills?
me to lol
Thank You for the Kind Words! RT : I like ..great place..good staff & people!!
Chemistry:Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium...BATMAN(:
I wanna run out of them
Social skills are fine though. Just reserved & hate small talk. Once people get to know me, they realize I'm "well-adjusted" :)
Thanks Mark for following us!
Registered the domain. New email=
i looked at my twitter and i saw someone talking to red wen all i use twitter for is to put links to the streams i go to now a days
My parents don't understand Twitter :) It's great !
Swing Sequence: Keegan Bradley Keegan Bradley has been able to incorporate changes into his swing without losing the fearlessness that he
#haveuever Logged into Facebook, log back out, then log back in. Same with Twitter...
You wanna see a technician doing work? Watch the vs Corrales fight.
All in the game, yo.
yes indeed I did!
Im so bored anyone wanta talk?
I've worn Birks for two days in a row. Yesterday was for a pedi, today was pure
TUT FACT: The Egyptian game of Senet is one of the world's oldest known board games. Explore Egyptian life @ The Children's Museum of Indy.
Yeah, that was it. ": If you think Matt Barkley didn't look at the standings before making his decision to stay at USC
Somebody ordered a book, and entered it in LibraryThing, but forgot to put the order and fund codes on it. Where's my stick?
Go out of your way today to say something positive to someone you know or don't know. Positivity is good for the soul!
Bro You got good thing going bro keep it up it will pay off !!!
"Chocolate chips are part of my death row meal."
I agree with you! Our political theater gives new meaning to the absurd.
Cut to: opening credits
Harrison Smith loved you but you better strap it on vs. , Nelson, Driver, Jones, Finley &
Feeling like crud today. Can't breathe. Hate that.
I followed and im from cleveland ohio
Love Thunderstorms<33
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever :D
Fill in the blank: You know you're tired when ___. Today my answer is - you forget to wear a belt to work.
this whole thing is so weird. it seems almost obvious that Bo thinks someone was tampering with him.
Purchase the Explanation to the Galatians for $5.99 as an ebook! Scriptural commentary of timeless relevance written by saints.
Volumes and COUNTERPARTS are nuts. Two of the best bands we've played with hands down.
i have so much to do today. no one will see me today
i LOVE your new single 11:11!!! :) PLZ follow me :) i would be the happiest girl a live! :)
- Yeah, I don't blame you! What types of locks are you looking for? Let me know if you need help finding anything. Thanks!
i miss you.. it doesn't ever get easier does it?
Tweet more. Face Cream Less! BA
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.26
Though I've tried, I've fallen... I have sunk so low, I messed up better I should know, so don't come around here and tell me I told you so.
we have bottle of Wookey Jack, in addtion to Solice Ale
thanks and really aww
No offense intended! :).
Bobby put that song out in 1974.
DONT FORGET TO WISH HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW.!!!!
Thank God for the 5 cent wine sale!
/ thanks for the mention / retweet!
Haha! That was a good one.
Cant sleep. What am I becoming?
In 2003, Canada became the first country in the world to offer medical marijuana to pain-suffering patients.
Going to sleep now. Had an amazing day...and it's only the beginning. Time to get back in the game. Goodnight!
you'll see. And yes
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no :'(
I dont feel good what so ever :/ but I wanna go to school
I just want to go back in time, shake hands with who you use to be, and walk away with my middle finger in the air.
Love is gentle love is kind......
Off to Philly/Jersey with the family for a long weekend
Hell yeah ya did...& it was amazing live! Please play it again on August 14th cuz we will be driving hours to hear you!
Wait, I have a marching band version of The Time Warp? AWESOME.
absolutely love your page- good stuff! From one Geek to another- keep up the awesome work, your tweets are neat.
Lakers desperately need Phil Jackson.
If her legs arent #shakin,she is
you ruined it for yourself ---
Louis and Ella!
The audience going off on Gia
TANNER You know this guy? You know someone with good taste? Who drinks hard lemonade?
A big Happy Birthday goes out to
ScHoolboy Q -- Blessed f. Kendrick Lamar
RT : Respect your elders. They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
And its gonna be- Mr. Quiggly!
you have gotten a very large percentage of my money, I LOVE YOUR STORE!!!
Thx for an important conversation! MT During the 's Access DC trip, Renee Fraser, speaks about Home 4 Good
Quanell just threw a match on Channel 2. Houston is in for a LONG night.
#prsun #bxbiz - Attended a meetup @ Sunshine Suites 2night - Topic: entrepreneurial collaborations in #Bronx to make things happen. Yes!
Thanks Chili's Bar & Grill North Olmsted for the stupendous dinner tonight, and thank you, Lauren!
Lol Thank you! This is the first time I've remembered my 1/2 Birthday so I feel cool
I guess I always assumed they went away as easily as they were created, but then again...
Rat yelled earlier "Why is everyone wearing dresses?!?!"
Can't wait. RT : Did we mention? Exactly 1 month to go until opens for Inaugural Match at our new home!
Stunned actually
how are u dis mornign, getting excited for you.
You should probably invest in a haircut
She's old enough to know, and young enough not to say no.
Hope not, by the way - don't want to sound like I'm hoping for anyone's death
i swear i'll never let you fall . Just let me love you <3
It's perhaps on this basis that the film asserts Spielrein wanted Jung to beat her
feelin under the weather, i gotta get over this ish!
About to meet with a Mohawk paper rep about our sustainability speaker for next year!
Unless you're going to Harvard, it's not worth that much. Go to a state school.
Please remind me on the content. Thx.
Happy Easter!!
As a consumer, easy of mobile apps means more to me than seeing ones whole website.
The brits bring it again.
"I'm a passive aggressive bitch."
well thats a good thing. [^0^] At least people are thinking about me.
Happy Friday!
How many of you want to read some or many of my pendulum papers? I have posted them within my Yahoo Internet groups.
I'm thinking a song with you two is in order. Hot ass dance song amazing video. I KNOW the fans would love it!!!!!!
You blow me away, baby, with that one good, beautiful eye of yours.
There's nothing so satisfying as finding your mistake when coding an #XML file. Of course, it can take a year or more. But still satisfying.
Btw... I got my iphone back. So I finally wont look so outdated!!! Take a shot 4 me this weekend!
"ONE DIRECTION!," *winks* - Niall Horan, X-Factor p.s POTATO!
yes hopefully! We should go to the beach or something! <3
see, now that wasn't so bad now was it? You will learn to love
I'm so tired of testing!
Feel asleep on the bus #oops where am I??
Understood....how has your weekend been so far?????
Did you use 'track dry' in yer pants?!
be sure to notice Colby Lewis has been perfect since the 3 HR to begin game. Remarkable steady hand on this young staff
We hear that! RT don't forget about body breaks (shoulder rolls every 20mins) -movement is key to prevent deskosaurus posture!
Kreis is trollin'. I would venture that this won't get him on PV's Christmas card list.
I'm going down to tailgate with UmConscious in a decked out BSU golfcart...Look for us. love to check spots.
20?? Wow I though you were at least 21 by now haha
Thank you to everyone who attended our Holiday Webinar! Please let us know what you thought
"Where the spirit meets the speed..." #MonsterMagnet ("Cyclone")
It sucks
The sun is down here: Happy Hanukkah!
If you love something set it free if it comes back to you it was meant to be if it doesnt it wasn't yours in the first place
Yo, , I have an article of interest (an editorial of sorts) regarding supplementary discipline at Worlds. Worthwhile to post?
110 Box Jumps, 84 push press and 63 toes-to-bar in 18 minutes flat. I'm wiped out!
Local organizer for Obama campaign talks about upcoming work - Lancaster Newspapers
Overheard: New Yorkers are like cockroaches.
Already time for the next question!
Come to Kilroy's Sports tonight to enjoy everything for 50% OFF! Remember $5 gets you AND a buddy in the door!
Chillin @ the Ten!
RT : Just spoke with man who witnessed two murders, claims his best friend pulled the trigger. Story
#Caps have blocked 10 shots to the #Rangers 14, Hamrlik has 2
- scarves and nice boots :)
We love our Twitter followers :)
nice meeting you last night!
great job on snl fave skit was real house wifes of disney
Just finished JM's workout. Level One kicked my butt! Felt great though. This may be the ans. to my crosstraining needs!
hey justin bieber my cuzn is like your biggest fan i like nicki minaj
Also, I want to delete my Facebook account, but I feel like I may need it for future spying purposes.
Tanya Morgan is coming to Reno may 13. That's neat.
Looking forward to seeing #HungerGames with , and after work today! Happy Hunger Games!
I've been pretty damn great!<3(: wbu !?:D
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Has To Wait Until Next Saturday To Get Tickets? :/
I still have the urge to set myself on fire. Meh.
Treat each other w/ respect
spanish is hard!!!! :/ i have a b in that class :(
everyday I see love expressed in many ways but its nothing like knowing Love for your self.
Yup, you'll still be getting ICS. Sorry, no date yet though. :)
(rant full of expletives) car's battery is kaput!
OMG!!!!!!!! Squeals and dances. I hope you love it, but sock it to me! It's gotta be near perfect when we send it!
know right?! My phones one 2% ... um <U+E107>
99.1 KGGI is lettin me down Fix the feed. I know a guy who knows a guy who can that done for you.
R.I.P Jay ilysm, I will miss you!!! :*
Cool(: next week? im still gonna get the shoes this weekend though..
Y'all remember discovery zone!!! That was my shit
Have you heard "Why Baby"? It's the solo single from new CD "The Many Moods of Charlie Mack" ... Charles McCormick, lead for Bloodstone! HOT
I'm planning on going...wondering if anyone I know is going to be there.
me too
yes tweeted couple of times but you missed it
I see your Tarheels!
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. Until later xoxo
finally going to read it. So far it's On point
Between my middle fingerS, shoulder, ankle, and hamstring, I'm the softball version of D-Rose. Playing like shit too. It ends Sunday
Calm down. ;)
RT : RT : How many votes FOR Obama's budgets the past 2 years? Zero. How many votes AGAINST? 610.
thank you!
My account was stolen no I have to use this crappy handle
One day at a time and breathe easy...
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat, right?
I will be in a great mood tommorrow
love that Elbow tune. Love.
Didn't realize there was an overlap between goths and folk music. That's an unexpected Venn diagram.
thanks for the update on #E12 planning. Sounds like it will be a great #EDUCAUSE event!
When I was a kid, I had the hardest time spelling Minnesota. I ended up spelling it "Minisoda" like a mini-soda drink. LOL
looking forward to making some music w you 2night at Oakland, 10pm set!!
I'm using #MobileVOIP, install the free app on your iPhone, Symbian or Android and make cheap calls!
Thanks, I read a little about that earlier today, but this is a better summary than what I read. Interesting stuff...
thank you :) it was just chicken tenders, Tuscan-flavored broth, mushrooms onions and noodles
Praying over our first ever YLX Africa Trip to Sierra Leone leaving this morning out of Tyler, Texas, to go serve as Work Crew at Camp in SL
Q1 #solopr baking your CPA holiday cookies can't hurt. Read @ a receipt organizer, feed them thru & poof, they're itemized. Wish list.
It's a family event. squeezing into the green spandex would've bumped it to the inappropriate zone
doing great! Enjoying my day off!
And what does that mean????
Congrats from on your new baby! I (co-founder) have 2 kids and parenting ROCKS!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Poetic Justice !
Sad that grandkids are gone but will see them in Knoxville for Christmas
guess that bonus money really did pay for a trip.
#Str8LykeDes... So tired of people....
Check out , an interesting project by that explores connecting physical and digital communities through twitter.
lol thats ok im gonna wake her ass up
Those friends that never fail to catch every single passerby's attention. RT if you're one of them or if you have a friend like that!
Steve Blake. That is all.
what makes somebody wanna lie to another's face for no reason.. i dont get it
oh, damn, i was just going to name my blog "burn it down and salt the earth!"
I wish ellie goulding could sing me to sleep everynight
OMG! True that. Maybe Microsoft's ex-excel "designer."
Summer Snow will be closed on Friday, April 6th, and we wish everyone a happy Easter!
You guys, Ross just slept with the copy girl when they wee on a break. It's bad guys. Gunther just told Rachel.
RT if you said or thought about 'JUSTIN BIEBER' today ‹<U+0437> . (Follow me, i just got an auto-follow back to follow back everyone.)
Will trade white office paper and/or dishwashing services for tater tots
por que yolo. Haha yeah, I hope I can handle what life hurls at me!
I think the school who hires him will be very pleased
Westlake people. Remember I was a trumpet player? Had to fill that role again during a session. Recalled why I did it all those years.
Life is hard as fuck but you cant be negative all the time.
---nice crazy ones video--great job on the blog---thanks!
Any nice girl confessions from our fans? She's coming up next on The Country Network!
yes, it has been awhile. We moved to Madison this past winter What an amazing university & town I am fortunate enough to be in
I wish I could :-( I need new clothes, like i have so much but idk ive worn it all ugh
Improvisational jazz by members of Tortoise at Rodan in Chicago (w/our hero Samir from Office Space). $$$$$$Hollaaaa$$$$$$!!!
It is not a calamity to die with dreams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity to have no dreams.....
follow me please if your not already!!!:)?please
": So what's everyones favorite trey songz song???" More Than That
": If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate."
Just ridiculous how they think they can get us to pay for their mistakes. Stop #SDG&E
"Super bass" :)
your amazing and anygirl would be luky to have you, I love you and please follow me! :)
I appreciate your RT. Thank you.
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!"
yes baby boy working that night shift.
Me & Ace is sick like Malaria carriers.Jim Carry ya to the cemetery and bury ya...I'm still amazed when I heard that nigga said that.
: Want an iPad? Follow & RT this tweet to win a Free iPad! We have 5 to give away!
Companies create customers in their own image. Standout brands create standout customers.
what you doing Saturday?
i'm glad YOU exist because now when i go into outerspace i have someone to go with me #spacebros ;)
I know what u mean.I started crying bout 2 mins into that eps & cried all the way thru it:'( I still cant believe OTH is over:(
Congrats on your new show! Much deserved. DVR all set for the whole season!
#quotes If we are together nothing is impossible. If we are divided all will fail.
Heh. Exactly. But they do super cool stuff! Well, at least while there's still a post office.
thank you for reading.
We buy running and non-running #cars, #trucks and
#sixwords Lovely metal shines my way home.
where?! East?!
We're getting reviewed by the New Courier!
g'nite everyone <3 i have a long day ahaead of me. its 2 am and i have a wedding to go to tomorrow. D: its gunna be fun though :D
Bo!!! RT : Head's up #ESLSymp2012 people. #Humidity RT : Roof will be open tonight.
It<U+FFFD>s good to put your dog's needs first and take responsibility for his state of mind and behavior
I can't believe it's almost over. The last few days flew by.
Building on south east corner of post and Hyde evacuated
3 JP Morgan execs to resign? They haven't been fired ALREADY?
velocity and css, oh my
Stuck 1k within 2hrs of getting here. Finish day 1 +$7. Thanks guy for stacking off w/ kk 400bbs deep
This production is turning into an Oprah moment.
Heads up, links for "The Rocky Mountain Collegian" & your tumblr are dead on your personal website contact page.
it's okay. we're like peas and carrots
RT : #sschat give the citizens test or the Literacy test of the Civ Righs Movement <- I have done this w/CRM unit; always 'works'
It is not sex that gives the pleasure, but the lover.
Chuck you type too fast // RT : Well, at this rate, Josh Tomlin is going to throw a 60-pitch complete game shutout.
For those asking, our screening of AMERICAN REUNION in Dallas is still on for tonight. Weather can't stop us from watching movies!
iTS EASY tO lOVE. BUt HARD tO FORGEt.
April 9 Tcash bday bash. Goin dwn dallas tx liveRT : Say its her destiny. She say its her destiny.
Man if Rondo ever gets a mid-range.....and I do mean
There is a kid sitting next to me at the academic meet who is asleep, and snoring realllyy loud. Good grief.
one day*
What's this about Kim Kardashian banging Brett Favre?
I think Kentucky will get Bennett and I believe this team will make a serious run at a repeat
how many timles have u seen the #brewers fail plate a run w risp and promptly get buried in next inning sheesh
Lmaoo RT : nothing just being you and you're never good
Just live it right, and you'll avoid the wrong.
We've arrived at the Grand Canyon, 12 hours after departing denver.
went to a fundraiser, then the batting cages, had a blast; & now it's the worse fucking night of my life. gunna go cry like a bitch. duces.
Happy Thanksgiving, to everyone, very thankful for family, friends, and my twitter friends. God Bless!!
"Good Morning! Inner Quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."-JimmyScott Hamilton Have a great day!
why you sad
Thanks to everyone who watched the new episode! We saw on PHSTREAM that 1.000.000 viewers are watching! Thanks guys! We`ll follow some of u!
": For those who said that nobody @ SJ match; official Attendance 21,816 :)" SJ should be able to afford a DP on those numbers
That's what our experience has shown us! lol
Thank you! The last email I got from said I might be influential on the topic of "Milan." Milan?? Me? I dont think so.
Pink lemonade is the shizzzzz <U+270C>
Was there! Congrats to Rachel. What's next for her?
When "Shaun Livingston" is trending nationwide, it rarely indicates anything positive.
Leave your brunch dogs at home
the truth I do not understand English I could you speak Spanish?
Jean Henry Mead
#WutILove when a guy jus does something special for da hell of it... Not jus bcuz its a holiday or special occassion..
gonna be at the track too tough to tame?
Oh, that is fabulous! Recommend away. Yes, am working on something new. Say a prayer it starts to go a little faster :)
ikr she's so gorgeous and amazing<3 ppl really need a life -_-
Very groovy.
it seems is a re-connector also. hope all is going well for you.
wednesday? big presentation earlier that day and I'll definitely need a drink. I'll check with drew. You check w/ goretti?
damn it man
Just wanted to let everyone know has the best tweets I've read follow her if you can handle the truth”
is it weird that I'm watching this on a Sat night or am I just getting old? :)
RT LADY_LARSINY That bitch need to get her some money. She wouldn't be spending all mine!
Call me when you get the chance.
you look good without your braces!!
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
If you don't like Tiger Woods, I suggest you turn off your TV & log off Twitter for a couple weeks.
dido RT : I aint met a girl in my life who wouldnt date me.
what happens to all the schmitters and hot dogs that were made for today?
NO MORE WIRE HANGERS!
At red carpet screening Extremely Loud Incredibly Close. Stars entering room!
"It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with"
1800th tweet goes out to Please hurry up..we in da hood
olive juice!
it was tan & had a few different sized brown beads.
Random house or other #book publishers: i have a big idea for you. If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it. 1912
RT : Exactly. RT : The guy who lost a debate to Romney and Santorum thinks he can win against Obama?
i just got home at exactly 12:00 so they're calling me cinderella lol
**BANDS! contact me for SHOW and INTERVIEWS**
That was cranky? Never would have known.
Good call! Nail polish remover works great for removing temporary tattoos.
Haha you know we got you, T ;)
why cant 11:11 wishes always come true:( my 11:11 wish was you but ur still not mine...
It was more "root" instead of "route". I'm sure it was autocorrect but even still.
Same here. Want to like Pinterest but just can't muster the enthusiasm.
I've got 5$ on Gemologist
93 to Evanston -- now playing: yankee hotel foxtrot
Fuckin With This "The Definition" Jawn!!!
Nice! Remind him about shadowing aldermen!
kicked off July with 10 glorious miles this morning, all of 'em averaging under 9:00. thinking it's going to be a pretty good month.
where Lin go
Why must I use IE with PowerSchool?
Happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment, love, satisfaction, pleasure, or joy. Cambridge A. L. Dictionary
Forget about when you want it done right...just when you it done at all...do it yourself #jmiah with the assist
Oh yes, I'm the McClains' friend.
i am
The only reason #ozzie was suspended is so the Marlins don't lose fans. It was the right move but it need not be taken further.
We need or to call audibles on hashtags. Death to spambots
*tears* RT : #Vols legend Peyton Manning Set To Part Ways With Colts
Permanent Jet Lag
RT #Taurus could not be bothered with relationship talk. Save that shit for the counselors. tru! :/
Looking to work with new like minded individuals
We'll be at Bale's Marketplace – Cedar Mill today from 3–7 p.m. sampling Brew Dr. Kombucha!
At what age you start to #play piano?
I LOVE Saturday's!
It's about time we get some nice weather in Portland. For once, Oregon's actually doing it right. Time to go to Saturday Market.
ahaa :) havent talked to you in a LONG time :/ ehhh oh well lol x) ahaha but yeaah so howw you been?
Currently giving my Canon #G12 a B-vitamin boost by installing #CHDK for long shutter speeds over the aurora in Iceland this weekend
I AM LEGEND - PAT FORD*
I hope I get a day off this week so I can get my tattoo done
and by avoiding, I mean worshiping at Eddie's Attic! Life circles around...
you aren't allowed to wear stripes anymore. Reminds me too much of Louis. Sorry to disappoint.
Don't worry - they're coming. I had some meetings and now I'm back in action!
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
LOL, well then I will just think of my laptop and iPad as free weights.
Why She Tellin Everybody Business.... Then She Twisting The Words ...
nobody loves the quite like
it's so on. when will you return to this homeland?? ;)
A black dish is fresh from the mold -- photo session happening now; listing to follow.
It's funny to see my wife getting out there. She's going to figure out what I've been up to....LOL
10 I got next year aha
- Thank you for setting them straight on the #EFM - #EM thing! Boo-ya! I am dancing in my living room, P.S. Nolan is an idiot.
I should come!
Cooking breakfast in the ancient oven set off CO detector for the first time at 400 ppm. Glad we're getting new kitchen in May!
If you hate your job THAT much, leave so someone who appreciates it can have it.
I agree. But look up the word diet: kind of fds that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
Open Up and BLEED!!
I miss you column in the Austin American Statesman on Sunday. I enjoyed reading about how you and your husband viewed life
sry for leaving so fastly. Brother needed it.. :)) alright tty soon :)
Had them WildCats beating Duke lol
At #Haiti embassy with the #ambassador, nice to meet you!
Forever 21 makes me legitimately horny.
HA! At least I know how two spell "knows"
what up babe. Omg im addicted to strippers
are there many of us? LOL
100: being a bro has nothing to do with gender. if you're always rad and forever legit, you've got what it takes.
I LOVE YOU <3
that comment gave me a huge smile. Thank you.
Writing a poem for someone is harder then I thought :/
where are you?
oh pretty lady dont you think its crazy.
thanks! How are things!?
I'm gonna laugh when Paris Hilton is a fucking bomb ass DJ and all y'all are making fun of her, if she sucks then I'll still laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
By the way, first round it's Kevin Dineen vs Pete DeBoer who Dineen succeeded as Panthers coach.
Oh I Will! is my latest addiction :)
We have a peach travertine that is stunning. Especially outside.
I'm Glad it's Friday. At work now talking x-rays in lots of patients...College class later. Hope we can finish by 8pm. Hv a nice wk-end.
Tonight starts our "Soul Review" Friday night residency. , , , starts at 8 with
TY for the fav! Happy tweeting!
every time you check in here I think it says McDonalds!
Was having a talk about TV shows yesterday and the dwindling quality of some *cough*The Office*cough*.
hope to see you next year in a Packer uniform!
We're sitting in on the webinar: Getting to #CRM: Lessons Learned. Excited to learn new tips & tricks from other firms.
#AustinTo700K !! <<< TREND THAT!(:
in May? Last years standings on 5/8 had the #Brewers in 5th place with a 14-20 record.
me too
thank you so very much! Thank. You to tony! What a hottie!
how tf did it piss you off?
Me too! I'm wearing my husband's socks.
Don't let your dark past, ruin your bright future!
xD oh ok. it's because the other say i kept texting you, PARK? PARK? PARK? BITCH PARK OR WHAT?
So my gma just told me I use to didn't have a butt...but now I do
Something similar happened like that last week I believe. Smh
Over 40 Boston-area merchants added this week! Find a business near you on RepeatReceipt!
I love the song in that new Buick Cadillac commercial. Love it, must find it
Many musical thanks for following to , , , and
Stop letting your business software frustrations get in the way of your success. Integrate. Relax.
the bad part is no more sexy pics of justin to crop her out of and put as our icons.
NEW FRESH STICKY FROSTY NUGPORN DANK IN: X OG, OG Kush (Organic), Romberry! Still highest rated collective in the area www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
So proud and happy to say that I'll be recording in 2 studios I've never recorded in before in the same week (OceanWay and Quonset Hut)!!!
oh love it - great perspective :)
Because the truth is, it doesn’t really matter who I used to be. It’s all about who I’ve become.
Heat aint playing in this game
Good morning. Remember to smile! God bless.
I'm growing to love hackathons. I participated in one here in Austin on Sat. Lots of fun and def a learning experience.
Thank you! We look forward to it
i say 2 's
he offered great insights today, great local site he and have going
Congrats to South Florida's Jason Pierre-Paul, a 1st-round NFL Draft Pick to NYG. Pierre-Paul, out of Deerfield, is USF's highest draft pick
duo buddy
Had to go in on that for a second.
Sometimes one phone call changed the whole situation .. However, and not the phone rang too many changes.
well I thought you would have seen it! :/ oh well it was for you anyways! :)
Us too!
nfl: coaches used to dress up (tom landry); now there are former-player-coaches who are fat and cranky and refuse to look good.
You want beef? You don't even know what's at stake. X
dunno, I'm kinda diggin' the Sunday callback ;-)
likes having wifi doesn't she?
Apple's stock is going down…down…down…down. :(
sick cover broski!
haha my brother is hyper right now cause of his medicine. It said a side effect is being hyper and not wanting to sleep (x
Why am I stressing about my grades right now? Like hyperventilating...
76% of WVians want more public options in education
Feeling much better finally lol now that the weekend is over smh
RT : A5: It takes a lot of time to find a job, so if you don't have one right when you graduate there's still time...
Laundry is like the 1960s UCLA teams, unbeatable
We get it: You don't want another "PD Day." edcampcincy.org
Im almost exactly the same, i really dont use 3g alot.. Google maps if i need, email, and i honestly rarely ever tweet on phon
RT : My son is doing a presentation on China and would love any artifacts you can spare. Reply if you have any tidbits. Thanks!
I can't even make a simple web page for myself without having an existential crisis.
I feel so safe and secure knowing that Metro's New York Ave station manager is on top of things today..
hi I'm a big fan I <3 u so much and on shake it up you are amazing :) have a good day Bella <3
are you going to the indy 500? I need some info if you want to see Benny bennasi with all of us!
Well, fuck you too.
I will be at Otay Ranch Farmers Market from 4-8 Tues 4/3 for the walk for animals, I will be giving away a free lunch for 2 and treats.
Hell Yea!! Lol You too dude!
Please hit like to support my Cousin's Goddaughter-Melody - Gotta Go (ft. Ayze) 17 Year Old Kurdish Iranian Singer: via
little old to be fishing for retweets, don't ya think?
People of philadelphia The Dirges will be at the Northstar Bar at 2639 poplar st doors at 9 hope to see you there
This damn work day better go by fast, i got shit planned for tonight.
Then stay outta' the sun.
any drawing made by by is a must own
Yeah u stright now u don't won't or need the JUICE!
i got 2 spams from u
(In "Schott" glasses, of course! #CMAConference)
not the rock ballad version...
and we are that band who loves it!
easy there Mitch jr.
Slouching Toward Github. :/
were you winning? (x
is gonna grow up to be a rapist. or into s&m.
Another Monday. Put my weekly inspirational quote up on my white board but so far coffee is the only thing motivating me through the morning
Haha, that makes so much sense now.
I wasn't offered the new Twitter format. So, what's that all about? Rude!
on my R&B ish... got a new talent dropping this fall stay tuned!
Can't wait Austream in 30 minutes
We open at noon!
Divine's clinic Promo<U+FFFC>:Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening Serum n Mask only 300 K.Info:021 3190823,3922021,087880536758.
you've GOT to be kidding me... #seriously?
why did you miss idol?
The crowd left when #LordTensai came out. Way to kill the ratings too.
If I can pull it off, my thesis is going to be awesome. #finalsmakemecrazy but
#HowToPissAFemaleOff TELL HER U LOST YOUR JOB ON YOUR WEDDING NIGHT
Been up all morning social networking about my business partner and good friend Alhamdulillah God has been so kind to us lately :)
Long lasting, great pricing on squeegee material available in 60, 70, 80 Duro. Squeegees available w/wood or aluminum handles. check it out.
To buy or not to buy, that is the question. At $38/share, is valued at $104B.
I need a vacation that will give me some much need rest.. lol hope your able to relax :)
Dont let anyone bring you down! Keep shinning to the fullest!!
For what it's worth Pusha T definitely has the best line of the new decade: "Young, rich and tasteless"
I can't help but get excited every time I see a commercial for Titanic in 3D
Stoked to be playing Stork Club on Thursday, Dec 1st. Shake Me!, Dreams, TRAILS AND WAYS, Steinway Junkies, Spooky Flowers. Be there!
. says mandatory paternity leave in Sweden has served as a professional equalizer
Point Break is going to be on repeat all weekend. "Little hand says it's time to rock and roll. "
My new pizza and doughnut diet won't help you lose weight, but it will make you more pleasant to be around than if you were eating salads.
Just saw that Men in black 3 is coming out..
This lady belly is abnormal
OK, I'll give you the Caps being in the playoffs tonight, but cmon #nats fans -- really? only 16K for Stras?
Tribe rippin Boston!
2nd largest civilian dry dock on East Coast. Used to be Naval Annex to Charlestown.
I know it's wrong but it feels so right maybe I'll just add another scar tonight.
Oh&in other news either some creeper in my class touched my neck,someone threw something,or the schools haunted&a ghost touched me.
*sigh* I'm debating between Insanity, basketball or God of War 2 after work.
Dr. Drew Ramsey shares latest science for nutritional prescription for sharp brain & balanced mood on today's show.
I wonder if I will get caught on camera saying something ridiculous at the open house tomorrow...
why is soo adorable? :)
I can't wait to get this month's issue of Time Magazine with attachment parenting on the cover and breastfeeding.
good luck with that "awesome" reading you're doing.... haha. I know how that feels. I'm torturing myself with Don Quixote -__-
I'll always remember you <3
DONALD'S IN THE FINALS! YES!
that is so unfortunate.
why in ohio? lol
dont remind me the past!
Fallin Down The Same Rabbit Hole Lookin For Love..
There are no gains without pains. - Benjamin Franklin
what is the most important part of remaining true to yourself ?
there ya go
You are coaching the ones who are early adoptors. I'm not sure most people are ready for a wildly different career path.
Started panicking that I'd talked myself in to the friend zone with Liara in Mass Effect 3 last night. A case of art imitating life?
Oh, and I want that Truck Driver/PR Person job. Where to I apply?
My paper for Global Techmining Conf. shows smartphones helping to bridge the digital divide in communicating with gov.
and just last night I had a dream about a pepperoni waffle pizza called a "hole in one!"
bed, no to excited for party day! have i yawned once no do i have o get up at 8 yes am i gonna drink tons of coffee hell yeah haha
Everyone, please share our bandpage! We have a $5 show at the Rock Room this Friday the 18th with Hartford and Speaker For The Dead!
I second that statement. :) Welcome to Hollyweird. ;)
We would like to welcome our new neighbors at #ReebokCrossFitBackBay! Stop by to see how CrossFit can benefit you!
Buenos Dias :o You should have some Blueberry for breakfast.
I am dead with love for Kate Winslet. Dead.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you're maxin and relaxin.
Winning isn't everything but wanting to win is. ~ Vince Lombardi
oooeee wait till u hear the NEW
Interesting. // RT : Good point by pal : No #Pulitzer winner for any Arab Spring coverage.
Dixie is calling y'all, I reckon you should answer.
Modeling is more stressful than most jobs, believe it or not!
Agreed. The lack of bylines also began to grate on me when I learned the identities of some columnists I had prev treated as gospel.
VIRGIN MARY OMFG
School's Out for Summer...watch out for little ones as you do your rides this summer!
and I love how BOTH dog and cat lovers are optimists! yes, we are, dammit, don't even try to deny it! :-)
"Save the cheerleader, save the world"... Hiro
let them hear your voice lady
RT Thanks for tweeting our story!
O_O o I can't believe you. After everything we been through ? smh
"You suck at driving, but you're pretty so its ok" -random guy to a girl driver... I feel like thats not the best way to pick up girls
“: Giving your best friend that look when you see someone attractive.”
Visit our website and see the events section. Come out and support the APEX programs.
well thats disheartening.
On the day you were born, so was your potential to fascinate the world.
love this! you look blissed out.
Hi Tara: I am a journalist who covers beauty. I would love to speak to , re: M.A.C. Glitter & Ice campaign. Best, CL
I've gotten feedback from some people that it does.But they tend not to be the people who step up and coordinate otherwise
Dropping Music today!!! Stayed tuned
RT : Passion is fueled by a meaningful purpose.
Hiking Radnor today and it's gorgeous!
the ones you love! Its just the way of life! Thanks again take it easy and who knows maybe I'll see you in the UFC as well!
I Thought he #Died because of his #WebSite #FunnyOrDie RT i bet you didn't know had a Twitter. lol
Two A's reach in the bottom of the 1st, but Wegman gets Canseco and Lansford to end the threat. No score.
What makes a woman memorable? Her looks? Walk? Je ne sais pas.. :-)
YES! Dinner group would be great.
Awesome Catch!!!! Go #Nats!
aww :) Thanks! It was actually from my most recent trip to NYC!
I wish I had a pet liger
I hate when im singing a song the the artist gets the lyrics wrongg..
Nothing brightens a day (or cures a funk) quite like an acceptance.
now that someone else has it, it's no longer cool. Too mainstream.
What one can be, one must be. -- Abraham Maslow
Playing bird-opoly a stupid game but i'm #Winning lmao
SO ready to move to NYC, or LA. Gotta be where the music is. Gotta be in a place that's more alive.
Lost Abbey Angel's Share and Stone 11/11/11 on tap
hey do u hate me?
I knoow I really new to cut carbs now, but the more that I work out the more ravenous I get in the afternoons haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me<'3
Thanks for coming to L.A. I missed your veggie burgers.
Interested in itaka sustainable scholarship 2010? Follow
if you let me in . . . ill take care of you :)
You're VERY welcome!! Have an amazing time and thanks again for using ShowClix :) Happy New Year!
At the studio s/o to Jvon on da beat, FGM, got my smoke, got my drank... ewww
shouldn't you be working and not tweeting.
RT - right about now would be a great time for Charlie Sheen to have a twitter account
thank you for the heads up, yes, although we care deeply about being healthy, no one at 2nd State tweeted about weight loss
Perfection is unreal.
I will! I love having a chance to hang out with far-flung peeps. One of the advantages of traveling for speaking!
Thank you! We're taking suggestions for our next cover photos as well!
You forgot the ""'s around apologize.
whoa sorry man. I was just getting marketplace sell pieces on the marketplace too.
I do a lot of dance videography, and starting a blog soon to share my insights on it. I use Pinnacle Studio for my editing.
You would be surprised! I have heard some wild shit! Doesn't help that I'm always too nice
Got a 2nd job.
a branch of the "vine" that migrated to England, then "grew over the wall" to America.
is recovering from surgery, but the Smart Aleck Staff has at least THREE guides in the works while he's out!
quote- "Don't turn down what's free!"- Shemell perry, love her!
Dep Chief Blankenbaker of will moderate Interference or Assistance: Media, Social Citizens and the Speed of Information
tell you friends to vote!!
MENU : What you'll never see again after buying a computer because you'll be too poor to eat in a restaurant Alfred. E. Neumann
It's NYE Eve on the Las Vegas Strip come celebrate in the Riv poker room
I have a feeling we'll have school tomorrow..
You guys need to try THIS burger!
You're right. I'll do just that and then report back. Meanwhile, imagine the golf photo I want to send you
YAY! Do you have DVD? If so, check the special features. You'll see all the trailers you know who did.
Ping me and let's have you down to the HQ here. I have some ideas I would love your take on. Cheers
Awww thanks! I try to be. I think I should get a job at the lib then I could get paid to study :)
Maybe you shouldn't be driving. And the insulin is gramma's, not yours. Of course you didn't need it. :)
love you my child! :) text me tomorrow!
u are racist
i Like that cause i can relate to that
this is my fourth time in the last twenty-four hours of listening to amy winehouse's "back to black" in its entirety. this needs to stop.
You will spent the rest of your life trying to escape from your genetic predestination or you will become donor in a sperm bank
That explains a lot about the Challenge. RT : Cinnamon can legally carry up to 1 milligram of animal excrement per pound!
And of course, the point of my account's existence.
Can't Please Everyone!
cause there porn stars Mario :b
In Greenville, SC with GETTING READY TO TURN UP...UP IN HERR
I love naps.
Madd hungry can't wait to get to this party!!
Super Bowl time!(:
This church field trip could really use a Bollywood sequence.
girl I already know bout them that is the bomb too but i really need some fried pickles....lol
I just purchased Royskopp latest CD Junior it's really great. Yes it deserves five stars!
i should be in bed. body pump tomorrow morning. then a lot of working.
Quote Car Insurance- Relevant Resource Concerning Insurance Auto Quote The much more quantity of car insurance coverage rate
Hey mama, i seen vid and i think u pray about iraq. I think its a good opp 2 go and get tht money! im rooting 4 u! xoxo
#vsa2011 I <3 social media, and you should too! Or hire someone who does ;)
Yesterday I rode the elevator with a moth. Terrifying. Today we found a dead mouse under the desk. Gross. Hoping for an animal free tomorrow
We need a set designer for our production of BEIRUT, in NYC. Putting it out there. XXOO BLUE
Derek trucks and kofi b on stage with lettuce! Woo! Sick!
#IfIMeetTheBoyz, my dream would come true. To hug what first inspired me to follow my heart.
I think I saw you there! I was the one with the fabulous food and staff!
Well, somehow in the midst of the move, taco bell border sauce got stuck in the printer paper feed. Yeah, it was tasty
I couldn't handle the ignorance I was seeing on my TL. Done now though, carry on lol.
Sorry we missed each other in Austin!
taco bell is icky.
except maybe awesome-ication, . but that's not a buzzword, is it?
": u could start a #planepool" my mind is blown
why you say that?
the past is bullshit. the future is bullshit. the now is what i live in.
Looking for someone to take my extra ticket to #Brewers-#Giants game.
Yes! They curved it! :)
Thank you to everyone! This season of Community Supported Art is officially sold out!
RT : Don't flatter yourself, I'm over you. -Keith Whitley
Also, I'm freaking obsessed with my mission team :) if I haven't already said that enough.
going to lunch with Wanna join?
when is Filter coming to Philly!!!!
He makes a brilliant point: offer scholarships to international students.
Got up early to read Gov Docs. On to the dentist and then back to read Digi Libraries and work on
A couplet!
contemplating how the same government that can't fix the DMV is going to run the big auto companies
what have you been doing with your life?!
Why would anyone want to format tables in MS Word?!
Moving forward....can't look back now....my past propels me towards my future.
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”- Thomas A Edison
There is always that one person that pisses you off, no matter what they say or do.
Thank you for Your Support and for spreading the word - Only 13 Votes behind.
Jaune Plensa "Genus and Species" starting Saturday. Talk about a WOW! www.nashersculpturecenter.org.
Maybe it<U+FFFD>s not always about trying to fix something broken ... Maybe it<U+FFFD>s about starting over and creating something better
I read that article. It's a great sign!
whenever I want the hotel jacuzzi to myself, I sit facing the jets. No one bothers me when I do that.
"I volunteer, I volunteer!" still gets me plus the countdown and that great Jennifer Lawrence sprint at the end.
Watching Pretty Woman like I've never seen it before.
will do :) I was thinking maybe I'd come up for Jimmy's book signing as a get well present for myself. It's in June, right?
this needs to come back to Cincinnati! #Bunbury #I know you are listening
Nope it's the only way. RT : What is a socially acceptable way of asking a guy out at the gym, other than "grab his wiener"?
Do you want to share your perfect #protein shake recipe with the Twitter world?! ;) I love making protein shakes too!
Getting home to peace and quiet after 8 hours of being with little people :) aahhhh time to relax <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
My religion is you!
probably but you knew Goodell was coming down hard to set an example. Player punishments won't be pretty
#NowPlayingTrack - "Heroes" by The Wallflowers
just come out of i was getting my tickets for the bully movie screening :)
that Tree joint is il
The real opportunities are the smaller interactions and relationships. Move it local and you'll make a big impact.
How's it Going Bro
i see. well i haven't been on here that much to know what i'm doing. its 21 mins in. just said happy b day and kept it moving.
Seeing parents on a college campus is kinda like seeing a bunch of teenagers at chuck e cheese
Soon you'll get a first glimpse of Wobegon and Mildred...COVER and we will be done soon...Can't wait to see ur beautiful art, Kent Yoshimura
packing this weekend!! luckily I still have plenty of boxes from the last move...
good job Tony
#Brewers fan just yelled "Show us why you're here!" at .213-hitting Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a three-run triple.
I hope so, because if not, it would seem like she's taunting me
Blue Jays acquire Ben Francisco from the Phillies
Sure, it does not fit with any of them really.
Cold, cloudy, rainy day on Oahu today. Guess you need to have the rainy ones to appreciate the warm, sunny ones!
In hell, every movie stars Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder.
We're having our first #BWEChat tonight after a three week hiatus. Come by and talk about your #BWELA takeaways - tonight at 9:00 p.m. EST
May the Schwartz be with you.
hit #reply, not
mommys takin me to school( #Starbucks <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2615>
Cry every time I hear #TurnToYou ! Beautiful , really touching! <3
*you come onto the stage* I: wow you are gorgeous! -
"Success is not something you pursue. Success is something you attract because of the person you become."
Chilly as well, hoping it'll warm up soon
i hate not having my truck :c
A well-maintained vehicle is a safe vehicle. Learn to keep yours in tip-top shape. Baldwin Boettcher Branch. Monday 6PM....
I can never chase a dick! I guess an ugly Bitch gotta do that!
I feel so mexican right now...lol
not sure I can make next week -- but will try my best.
Just took a great nap, so I pretty much got life all figured out
so I'm gonna be in Hilton Head this weekend. Gonna relax and play some golf with friends!
ctfu u lied
lmao put a bra on! Cause that ain't right!
Take yourself out for dinner and drink(s) and book-reading.
Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight. The 40-somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20-somethings are chill and composed...
you are welcome for the follow
A hot home-cooked meal can make you feel like you've gotten a hug. Stop in, we'll hug you all you want!
Haha nice! Now you don't have to be too professional with this account! Jk.
Alot of celebs are quiet about the #TrayvonMartin case....care more about march madness and other frivelous things
With a little over a week away, which #NYCWFF event are you most excited to indulge in?
leah wants me to tell you that she is getting mushy
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my computer has 0% battery but is still running....wtf...
me too!!! See you soon!
Is it possible to access on computers?
Hm...wrong account for that :/ RT : I need an immanent death threat to get me outta bed.
It's my favorite part.
WWS is the alcohol equivalent of more than half a six pack of "regular" beer. Probably best to avoid with the wife at 38 weeks
give us another great novel featuring the Clowns Den and all the other dens of sin around 24th and Camelback.
TODAY IS BIEBER'S DAY BUT ALSO #BELIEBERS DAY!
": Mondays are the worst"
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins The Mike Heller Show today at 4:15pm!
If I guy named Noah Starts Buliding a boat....Im so going on it =)
dude, I know. I Pity the Foo should be opening for you now. Just name the date. P.S. When is your Bremerton show!?!
My dad just encouraged me to drink and drive.... not surehow to take that one lol.
Just rewrote a jerk-ass email (with me playing the part of the jerk) as a "here's a problem, can we enact this solution?" email instead.
STOP COMPARING AUSTIN TO JUSTIN , They are two different people!
When you're 3, the world is like one giant coloring book.
Who says I can't get stoned? Turn off the lights and the telephone? Me in my house alone. Who says I can't get stoned?
Krista Lopez right in front of Gaul in the box. From out of nowhere the freshman defender Whitney Jaynes comes flying in to block Lopez
Nor do they value your trades. When will I be able to peruse them?
Sometimes my whole 'not being a ho' approach to dating just ends me up in the friend zone.. maybe I should put out more. :P lol
A damper on the #TasteandPlay-son woke with a high fever just as guests were arriving. Still managed to taste, no play :(
exactly -.- so i just reply to shut them up
I'll remember more - we made lots of things. :) is VERY creative & crafty I'm sure she has ideas
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing. Hahaha follow me! #teamfollowback I never seem to catch them.:/
#DrunkFoundingFathers Alexander Hamilton-ic and vodka
I meant Bryan! RT Great interview Donn!
do you think he would be a good addition to the mls
I don't understand one day were like brother and sister, and then the next day you say we'll never be the same..
Let go and forgive. :)
I've come to the conclusion that since we're princesses we shouldn't have to work. Let's quit our jobs.
That's true :P
Best news ever! Ah!!!! I get to promote what I love most :) spreading good vibes!
Ready for #WON12 session on walk friendly communities. Deb Hubsmith from is speaking - a Leader!!!
if you tweeted me that would mean so much!! I love you to the moon and back Scotty<3 plz tweet me :)
Thx Lindsey. Hope you're doing well. :)
Ans:The melted chocolate bar in his pocket. Two years later, in 1947, Raytheon began selling microwave ovens to the public
You were spot on with your quote in Inc. mag, more importantly now how does one fix that? :)
Can't stand hearing people chew on their food... Manners dude
not coming home. Brewer game tix
i love wildlife documentaries.
Hanging out in 441... Seeing things that I posted on the wall with but why isn't the door locked?
Sometimes it's the simple things...
Huh frustrated as fuckkkk
lol, TRUE & i am fraking working all day today, why!?!?!
If your bf stops his video games or basketball game etc to see you , talk to you , or texts you . Marryy that guy lol
Where did you buy or get Moo? I want a bunny!
14 Yet Cainan lived to be 910 years old before he died.
#imALLman RT : weird. You look like a dude in your pic!
well damn ima go ta steak n shake (:
Katy Perry says if you get #KATHYBETHTERRY trending, she'll release the REAL "Last Friday Night" video. Ready, set, go!
yes. I had to switch it though so you'll be seeing me bright and early tomorrow instead
#CBtakeover tuesday it looked like LA was vulnerable in a full court game? How are you going to get into that friday?
Remember to Convince Yourself First ~Morris Morrison :-)
It's my first tweet! I'm such a late adopter...
This is why I NEVER mail my large drug shipments. RT OSU Baseball Player Arrested After Accepting $35,000 Marijuana Package
yeah definatly coolin it soon. haha hell yeah we're clownin true!
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell." ~ Joan Crawford ~
shut up where are you
“The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean." - Robert Louis Stevenson
haahah. alyssa. but he also know were creeping on him 37475737 times as much!! :D
ah, Seattle. Be nice to my librarians at #immsea ! We're sending 2.
grew up on Jordan. He changed the NBA
Did Leonard just seal the deal? Huge offensive rebound and two free throws with 27 seconds left. Big time! One more year!
I am in a mtg, but at next break I will call.
All Time Low - I Feel Like Dancin'
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
I love you
Love your new post. You're more patient than I am. Good perspective.
20% off all candy canes and other inspired holiday gifts. Stocking Stuffers abound.
Just got an email asking if I wanted poker advertising on BotB. Sure do! I'll just give you Admin access & let you do whatever you want!
- #Idea24: Invest donations in a radio station/media channel to relay our positive messages as the people - battle
" woo hoo" *insert mini fist pump here* lmao ;) love u!
I think our is in june
my family has 5 boys and 6 girls (including me) and 16 nieces and nephews and 1 one the way...BEAT THAT(:
I will be on the Morning Blend tomorrow morning, or course talking LinkedIn. Be sure to watch or set your Tivo or VCR, should be fun....
I had a reunion and a wedding. There was no way it was taking a break. And I woke up with a cold!
are u talking to him yet? ill give u a hint he does have a twitter
Nothing better then my ipad, couch, and a blankey. : ) great start to a even better week,
Yes!! Yellow perch trip on Friday!
thank you, good sir
Thank you very much for your diligence. I have sent the information to the email you provided.
hello my twitter follower
I gotta buy another bic. A white one today. Someone tweet me later and remind me. Please. I can't live like htis
Train smells extra "assy" this morning.
You do need offense to win games, what is going on #brewcrew?
What did you think? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
I really dig your signature hand motion. LOL
Watching Intervention. This show is deeply strong.
Never on time for this class
really missed at #milblogcon #milbloggies was trying to stalk you!
(Guy) "I wasn't that drunk!". (Friend) Dude, you congratulated a potato for getting a part in Toy Story."
Good Morning Tweeps<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I still have 20 more days of school and that's without counting Saturday and Sunday -_-
If you step up imma have to tap that ass. Maybe 2 times. Haa
We have #HappyHour until 6 today - 1/2 off Tap Beers & Appetizers! #Duff Pitchers are $5 all night!
it's an indoor restaurant with air conditioning. Beat the heat!
Wow! Looks delicious! This would go perfect with a nice pint of our Vanilla Porter to wash it down ;)
I would have to agree!
Say hi to SD for me cuz. Glad to hear your back in the states, jealous you and hung out haha. Have fun!
did you get the Mac laptop? Use all the money you saved to go big. Grill is investment, take care of it, worth it
Yes, we don't want our customers showing up to a non-existent location. Simply stating closed is not enough. We need it to be removed.
yeah i changed my password. i know i got hacked. emailing mfs and they thinking i was really hitting them up. smh
For my Negotiation class, I have to close a deal on a bunch of computers… Like I've never done that...
Mahomies from Chicago tweet #MahoneToChicago! :D
Oven was off. I knew it was. But I couldn't remember the moment of turning it off.
Uh, the supreme court gave us Bush.
We have some free coffee samples happening right now in ! Come try some while supplies last!
Not sure why, but I've always felt comforted by Mondrian. Possibly bc in art history class, his work was among the easiest to identify!
getting off work now, looking forward to driving to Altoona later... :) yay! lol... no plans beyond school work and video games afterwards..
keep grinding boo
If you love me , love me unconditional !
If popularity was measured in crossword clues, Esai Morales would be the most famous actor of all time.
New video coming soon. "CAN I BE THE ONE THAT YOU LOVE". This is my reply to Justin Beibers "Somebody To Love".
Lmao today was live <U+263A>
<U+2640>I Am More Than A Conqueror<U+2640>
I should change my voicemail to... "Hang up & text me." lol
I just tried and you didn't pick up
That's not why people say you're not conservative. You've spent too much time with the lefties at that horrible network
anyone interested in 2 Really good reds tickets for tomorrows game sec 121 row dd DM me or reply
Getting ready to kick off #fb roadshow
The show has been very well received. It's thrilling. I actually met one person who never heard about the Tohoku disaster.
you should probably be able to find the episode online.
I'm so hungry! Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!
I'd absolutely come to improved Brew House.
This could be very easily the best match of the night. Lets go CM Punk.
ima call you bro
lets get some more goals boys
about to get in the shower then play the xbox 360
Lol Im Done
Sorry but im not going to do that anymore cause I cant get alot of people. But can you do me a favor?? Lol
OK! a Who am I? : 1. an Actor 2. From Iowa 3. I have a twin 4. 1st acting gig was "That 70's Show" 5. Hidden Cameras were a specialty ??
Good Morning Chicago!Today's cake is Dreamy Chocolate Cake!Lovely Chocolate Cake, Raspberry Jam and Cheese Cake. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In the home stretch, 80 miles left to our final destination. I last slept in my own bed on April 18.
Happy mom's day to our moms and yours!
I like to send random group texts saying "don't worry got it checked out and it's not an std"
So excited to see you!
Pretty Little Liars in on ^----^
I want some taco bell
Just saw a friend post that they stand with walker because he gave their sister a job. I guess it's okay to cause massive layoffs then?
I think a lot.
It sold out before we could even advertise it. But have faith, there are more spirit dinners in the works.
CBS: DOJ says Woosley’s asst Rollerson created all but one of the travel vouchers/fraudulent documents. She often accompanied him on trips.
How's the recovery coming this morning Milwaukee?
#Peace and love, not hate and war. :-)
You're coming back to Cali??
so do u still wrk at Penney's ? :/
don't listen to that girl. She used to make fun of my 4pm PBJ sandwiches back in school. She eats like a bird.
I'll bet Roy does end up going somewhere
Lol wat to do... Mab I'll buy it and force them to watch it!!!
at least I got the apostrophe right?..... :-/
My name not DICK so keep my name out ur mouth !!!
Figures, my state rep, Sandra Peterson didn't even vote on the stadium proposal. Talk about Minnesota passive/aggressive
thanks for the follow! and now Im inspired to use my iphone more productively
We will! Dinner for 10 squealy teenage girls at Pappasito's -- 15th birthday party. U have fun 2!
will you be my bestfriend?(:
one more question if u ever have free time u should mention me and try to follow me id like that ooh and then u could DM me
And we get the ball after halftime #LetsGoPats!
Thinkin about schools in Euro like to come out for info interviews be nice to catch up and let u show me around if I make it then
be sure to stay on that page and keep hitting that refresh button!
yeah he did along with most of the team. It was a great day for all of SKC fans
miss you too! You're so awesome!
hahahaha!! I have no clue! We make no sense! -_-
Join the first annual Winter Film Award Show. Only 30 days until the celebration begins! (Thats treinta en español)
looking for intern for marketing and promotion of youth basketball events..contact me at
Thank you for buying me lunch today! So happy we work together :-)
So what do you recommend to see/do in Turkey?
Hey there! This is Tom, from Auctionopia. Please e-mail me at about your product. Thanks!
I'm not counting, but I'm pretty sure that I've consumed a milkshake's worth of calories today in cough drops alone.
I need to go back to bed. I got like no sleep last night.
thought there might be a secret login/password on the site to check it out if you were attending. Oh well...
glad you like it :)
Ghirardelli triple chocolate brownies + Tillamook chocolate & peanut butter ice cream. FTW! #PregnancyDiet cc
Hey Brother ! It is suppose to be this month. I am keeping a good eye on it . U can count on me letting U know !
hey, thanks! However, I've not done more in Drupal than a bunch of little fixes.
Mr zamboni is rocking out on the ice skating rink @ the NGA sculpture garden.
Sleep. Always sleep.
Ready to go home
Black people don't commit most of the crime. They commit it a disproportionate amont of crime
oh, and the washington humane society!
We're Live at the Grotto tonight. Great Music, plus all those lights. What's not to like.
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre featuring award winning Chicago Improv team Michael Pizza - Saturday, July 25th at 8pm. www.fuseboxtheatre.com
i'm a big fan with one question, will you follow me?
All I want is my own bar, Why? Cuz I wanna listen to what I want. That is all.
So here's a question... do you show, or not show the Junior Seau memorial? It was a suicide, but he was a legend? Any thoughts?
me and kevin have some clean ass cars. :)
AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out
I can't stop thinking about repainting my bike, or buying another bike to start fresh and paint. This is a problem.
Let's hope he does stay! Good to see ISU doing well again!
Knew it! Knew was going to take Phillip.
Think like a bad guy. Look at your home today and think what would do to get in....then fix it.
is sexy!!
Fucking liars that lie to someone about you IN FRONT OF YOU.
If you ever feel bad about who you are... just go to walmart or watch jersey shore
we broke 100, amazing
Still seems sketch though, especially in regards to developing new services with your files.
#Lakers was one game away from getting swept by #Denver why is that something to b proud of?
Thanks for running/talking with our Running Mates. Definitely inspiring, we all can't wait to cheer you on at Mile 20!
This is not where I belong
plz dnt get upset but n ur tweet, u said he was trending it?
RT : Remember, this is a vomit draft. JUST GET IT ON PAPER. The point is to write every single day.
at the Hall of Fame? RT : I really appreciate Dennis Rodman, but seeing him cry is priceless
Hey I've been trying to get a hold of you, I left you a VM & sent you an email. Pls give me a call, I need to speak to you. Thks
Whenever I see that I'm being followed by people with A LOT of followers, and are following very few, I feel #special. :)
Use Google Chrome. that's what I did.
good for u!
Simplicity is so amazing.
loyalty OVER riches. business OVER bitches
I've seen Bill do a lot weirder things in my day, so it's cool I guess. :-)
glad ur feeling better that's was really scary watching u get bit my prayers r with u
And an extremely talented writer at that! Did college just not hold your interest since you knew what you wanted to do?
you and lydia are the only single ones in the group now :(
When stress just won't stop adding on:(
Thanks! Glad youre enjoying : LOVING this event Fantastic panel supplying even better content!
have a beer relax and enjoy the ride
She called me son....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
My mother tells me I'm quite the
Yeah I love the track! Yeah I will share it! :D
Yeah it's the owner's responsibility to be considerate of those around them. Hope it works out and you don't have to off 'em
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia = So Great
Love your cupcakes, soul punk :)
Growing Cincinnati Business bit by bit... goes to show that sometimes the small guys hold the foundation together
#movember RT : If anyone still needs their 'stache necklace, come by after #MMM11 today!
“: Would you still be friends with me if I looked like that?” hahahah<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
My spray tan made me so orange! Im a legit carrot -_-
Finally starting Spring Practice this week. It'll be great to get back on the field on Thursday.
After a full plate of food from Thanksgiving, I'm back to a full plate of school work- 3 weeks worth of it. Christmas break where are you?!
Media Question For Boomers - What format are you folks listening to? Purchasing? mp3's or Cd's? We'd like to know.
How can HANA and Exalytics go back and forth on who is worse at in-memory #analytics? #Kognitio beats them both by a mile!
NYC in the Morning!!! One of my favorite places in the world!!!
follow me at this account so i can respond to your direct messages
LMAO wtf RT I hope OKC shoves a snorkel down the Lakers throat... Then SHITS... AL DOWN THAT SNORKEL!
Made it thru NYC before rush hour! Woot! Heading to Cape Cod!! #beach #vacation!
My attitude is based on how YOU treat me.
Everyone has problems :)
When tells me she eats a icepop for breakfast ....
Thanks for following; I'll do my best to keep my Tweets entertaining!
That sounds like the complex, multi-layered kind of awful.
Please RT: #PR professional with over 8 years exp. seeking #job in #pr, #mediarelations, #eventplanning in #Detroit area.
It never fails. Whenever I have no downtime on the job, I bring tons of work to do. When I have tons of downtime, I bring nothing to do.
haha it's #Tuesdaythe17th :) watched that episode today!!!
u stay now
My uncle is really about to find to perform knock knock this funeral .... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>awhhhhh her
Ear plug kind of day!
Cooking for sister, moping up dog puke. sweeping, and laundry great
them 12 that come out saturday are ass in my opinion id rather grab the obsidians
RT“: 2011: "Every day I'm shuffling" 1836: "Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner"”
#mnwiId in three winning streaks this season longer than 2, have one more win than #CBJ and have 2 losses in past 3 games against #CBJ. Ouch
SWISH!!!! HOME RUN!!!! Yankees lead 6-4
#10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Pursuit...Is The Unchanging Price For Mentorship."
No... This better not be the end to
I'm embarassed that I remember the lyrics to the House of Pain part of "Just another Victim"
Very cool. RT Hey all fans, the cast album sampler is set for April 24 release
Watching batman:)
Thanks, right back atcha! :)
Fantastic book......BUT NO...."Where The Wild Things Are"
I got my first paycheck, and I left it. :( lol this would happen to me.
Thanks new followers!
Go follow cause he makes me smile <3
twitter will not let me post a link to 5 facts about anti-health care reform mob.
(Anonymous) The trouble with making mental notes is the ink fades so fast.
As much as I wanted Mary & Matthew together, I didn't want Lavinia to leave that way... she fought a fair fight
Why can't I find anyone to go to lasertron with!!! Is it really that pathetic that I'm dying to go back...
What do you get there? They have awesome salads...
To all the HD members that follow me... We all agree to come back if does lol!
Totally! Email me and we'll take care of it.
What do you love most about #Austin?
when they love you (and they will), tell 'em all to love in my shadow. and if they try and slow you down, tell 'em all to go to hell.
Awesome meeting with my lovely agent last night. 9 months and counting. :)
Thanks for chiming in, Megan. We strive to make sure everything from sizing to materials used is near-perfect for our customers.
Still thinking about that collision at home plate last night in #Brewers game - Gamel vs. Castro! OUCH! Anyone else have a headache? :)
Our Thursday is going great! How is your Thursday going?
Right, you're just going to read one of your beautiful posts in it. There HAS to be a theatrically minded blogger in Boston!
Ah now back to the promoters at Celebes they need to be ashamed of their self
I just played the word TWAT on Words with Friends.
I wasn't saying you had to let me do it! I can't think of anything "fun sized" that didn't leave me wanting more anyway
follow back
#PlansForTheSummer : hideout croatia - studio recording - festivals gigging - san fran. bring it !!!
If you aren't at the and show at the Utah tonight you may as well be
Sounds like an interesting idea for sure.
Deanna Marcum: MARC is not suitable for the web environment. Let's fix that first and then do other things.
Got it. I just read on tmz that someone saw him collapse, so possibly heart. Sad for his four children and family.
someday, i will look back on my time in graduate school, and realize i lived off of Sunflower Market's watermelon licorice.
but what was the deal about being outside?? And your volume was on loud...
I love whith all my heart. He make me believe in my dreams no matter what bigger they are!
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
sounds good to me too!!!
Here comes the #MonteeBallz tweets.
Im excited about what a difference a day can make! I have a mentor and excited about my new (ad)venture!
Attractive blonds get touched, man. That's just the way of the world.
If All Men are Dogs.. Then why yall can't seem to keep a Pet Ladies?
New follower follow her!! :)
how could it be better
I enjoyed our interview yesterday guys. You killed it last night too. See you zombie weekend.
"At school you have to do a lot of reading and writing, and I'm just not really into that kind of stuff" Justin Bieber, what a clown lol
do it! We miss you :)
Thanks for the RT! let's hope you have amazing ticket sales for these inspiring performances!
I know I'm sorry :(
The yummy new restaurant and I went to for our anniversary is out of business. :(
For it being spring break for half the city we did have a very successful event!
durrr...just got it
Join our mailing list from Facebook or our website and, once a week, get updated information on all of our classes and workshops!
he's coming to LA? Omg when? (:
If he gains weight, decrease the amount you feed. If he's always hungry, increase his food intake a little, being sure not to overfeed.
BTS is very good idea
I love when 5:15 rolls around & I feel like I've had a productive day conducting interviews, reviewing reports, and finishing drafts.
The #Cubs have had better 12-hour stretches.
Supershort but still in - 13 stubborn mostly older men are left
more missed opportunities...not liking this pattern of RISP fail... :(
Last call! Last Call! It is tomorrow at Salute. Latino night start at 6pm. Celebrate 5 de Mayo earlier!! Italian Margaritas!!!
Anyone ever notice that the #Heat's PA anncr cares more about the game than anyone else in the bldg?
Thanks again for visiting Paul, sorry about the weather!
thank u!
RT : "what I feel like young writers need is a whole lot more reading"- junot Diaz, aka, rock star
GOOD MORNING !!!
I need to finish 2 more years of college first! =(
Feeling #accomplished. Bring on the Jack.
I just know i wont be able to sleep tonight !
Did anyone see the Think Like A Man movie this weekend? How was it? Any other good movies out?
Super exciting! #NerdSwoon RT : Just said hello to Sec Albright. And my night is now complete.
I just picked up a KING magazine from 2011 from my mag collection. My girlfriend is in here! Love her :)
come at me!!
yes where r u
did you get it?
do u mean Austin CARTER Mahone?
I'm confused.
You're very welcome!
No sugar.
Got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet. RT stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
Your magazine is fantastic! Love the photos of all the destinations! Have you any articles on Indianapolis I might share?
RED CARD ONE OF THESE GUYS!
Theraflu is my hero.
Stop on at Amicis tonight. We proudly serve gluten free beer and whole wheat pasta!!!!
So hasn't 90% of the city considering I only like 10%...
Big Day coming here on April 1st--no Fool here. Making some big moves and excited about the future. Stay Tuned for more info and success!
Even though I wish I was going out can't even lie staying in feels good
I am a fan of gorilla marketing and believe it is up to everyone to either think hard and prepare to protect there assets.
It's official, we're going to be super busy the next two weeks. Heading to #TechWeek and #WCChicago -- looking forward to our sponsorship!
i wonder if my sister and her boyfriend can go 5 seconds without touching each other
I've been listening to your version of LTWYL it's amazing. thanks!
Thanks for the #FF love! :)
pack your bags lol
hi u should follow me plzs it like the 100 time i ask u and i think u should follow me
like the way the Bergeron line looks right now. put them all out on the power play and see if they can get something going.
It's kinda crooked, though :(
OMG. Matthew Mcconaghey looks like he went through a microwave oven!
come now
I agree with that!
We are at 698 likes on our facebook page!! Let's go for 700+!! Thank you for loving handmade, Pittsburgh!!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool must get to lunch. Need table...
HEY GET WITH THE GAME!!! LOL
Why thank you!
Love the '60's vibe of your Allure cover + glad to see Avery back on 30 Rock. Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks for your support of !!!
thanks for the shout out!!
I want some Jimmy Choo too! Jealous;)
I love #DuckDynasty!! ": I know some people don't like it but #DuckDynasty is on all new tonight check it out a long with the...
yep one day just maybe one day will acknowledge us..I wish every night for just a simple reply haha.
- Congrats! Wear that belt with pride!
I'd like to see the result.
Does waffle house have pancakes?
Glad you brought this up again. I was doing this yesterday and having trouble with locations pulling up the right people. U also
you still haven't answered my question..........
Robert McRuer has agreed to write an essay on "Normal" for the second edition.
Visit. No moving back for now.
its a <U+2318>z kind of day.
thanks. Lol I like the little running guys. :)
What is the big rush?Thing will be obsolete in 4 months
CAN I GET SUM ADVICE????
Thank you so much. GM and a blessed Easter to you as well :)
David, my condolences to you as well. The unconditional love of a pet is just a taste of God's love. God will give them back!
wish I were there!!
Follow mee *-* You are freaking awesome!! I love you!!!!
solid player, though probably not for a 2nd overall pick
damn, little Justin Bieber is all grown up in his video for Boyfriend...
schools gonna be rough tomorrow
I'll never forget you, I'll never let you go.... I'll always remember I hope you know
what should i do for you to notice me :(
RT : WR Alshon Jeffery still in top shape. Looks lean. Better footwork then I expected for a rookie coming out of his cuts.
On the way to ultra with
Was having a good night. Then I watched the DS trailer. YUCK
blues clues >>>> dora explorer
haha thanks Colin
If you ever get the urge to try light Brie, resist.
Haha do you want me to spam your wall with mayday parade?
RT : We did it! Just broke the Guinness World Record for most bottles of wine uncorked simultaneously
Working on any scripts you can tell us about?
RT : 80% of cardiac events in women could be prevented by making smart heart choices – diet, exercise & no smoking.
"I want to be a bacon ninja!" - My 7-yr. old son. Why didn't I think of that career option?
I hate Peterson. Seven hours of break = down the drain.
They really just played Black Veil Brides on Saint Row...how strange.
Music makes me happy.
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
Going to the beach(;
Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
When it brings up the page, make sure you click the highlighted part that says download from sendspace!
I think I'm going to finally make myself move fiction by genre, time to steal your signs:)
I AM SUNDERSTOKED. hahaha (: so proud of you boys! Can't wait to have new jams to show off to my friends :)
Why would Billy Hunter say no to a financial audit? Wouldn't one of his kids get paid to conduct the audit? #NBA #corruptioncanbefunny!
Today is an AWESOME day. We have a new printer! :D
Oh. RT Rly, sir? RT Daughters r pointless. WNBA bitches get paid like dishwashers. Them bitches r basically volunteers.
This has been my mission for the day! We are having the weirdest weather! Looking forward to the KISFORKINKY meet-up!
THANK YOU A BUNCH! <33
#thatawkmomentwhen you decide that you dont wanna curl your hair after you have a big chuck done.
OMG! You have to go to Hooker Tea. I think its at 200 Beach Drive!!!! Raspberry mint! GO NOT!
An ex telling you how great their new bf/gf is is like a can telling you how great the recycling bin is.
why isn't your lady following me?
Integrated search algorithms and related works on look really robust/complex.
was wondering what happened. Hm.
best fake stick ever
I wonder what goes through peoples minds when they do something dumb.....
Reference Has It?
Yeah and I made more money today than Zuckerman...
I'm beginning to wonder if you had a hand in booking the acts. Sounds custom-made! Have fun.
I swear imma read this "Making Sense of Social Data" article in the SLA mag. Sure it will come in handy for #nabj12 data project.
Thanks so much ! :)
I often say the is a smartphone w wheels RT : course not. Heck, *my* choice would depend on the car! :)
When did "hello, my name is... how are you doing?" Get replaced with."Sup wanna fuck? " niggas
“: Producing my first show since Thanksgiving. Producing is kind of like riding a bike" You've got this:)
I hate depending on ppl
God is Good!!..was listening to 1 Wish..yall rocked drummer boy.. they bedasksumbody about you & mom!!..shud b no surprise now!
Privacy kills trust. Ie driving record, credit score, job history.
please holler if I can help you in any way.
Had a great show! ( : Tell me something good, people! I love my followers! <U+2665>
Follow the FLW Lake Hartwell action at
Thanks for your up lifting remarks. Keep them coming Diva
we did sausage and fries ... appalling behavior
there should be a middle finger emoji
WHY AM I AWAKE
Pray for me. is mad at me and I don't know why.
Holy Skittles :) that's awesome
It's just one of those mornings
What do you want in 2012?
lol, just a little bella
American Idols Live Concert was fantastic on Wednesday night. Best set and lighting EVER. Impressive! (Adam stole the show of course).
I bought my daughter the Hunger Games soundtrack CD. After giving it a listen she bought the tracks she liked on iTunes....
so i followed my dreams and my dreams when in the dumps. ): now what am i supposed to do?
Today is Small Business Saturday. Where will you be #shoppingsmall today?
Video chatting is like having children, a huge mistake if you want to get through school.
Thanks for the follow! Love <3 Very excited for the #NYCLaunch!
You say you miss me, but yet you do nothing about it..
GREAT JOB !!!! Made Mo proud I'm sure & Joe gets win #400! YANKEES WIN!!!!
Fri-FUN- National Aquarium Celebrate African American Heritage Night at our venue! Tix are ONLY $8 after 5pm!
Lord, Take away any desire in me that hurts You, Take away anything that stands between You and me.
Idk why but this is gonna be a late night.
No really, fuck you. Terrible knowin' ya!! Bitches.
too late, it's 1:21pm already.
Tools used to extract data from EAD: python rdflib, opencalais (natural language processing w/ RDF output), google refine.
After an inexcusable absence... 1:00
ss my mom wooped me with a lether belt it hurts im crying :'( and if i put ice on it she will woop my ass
hey Annie were you at my party last night so many guys there
can you guys join forces if you haven't already and make #TeamPeeta tees? Sunset orange anyone? Please!
Sanyo 5N600AA Cordless Phone Battery Replacement For 5 AA w ...
REVERB/NATION'S SERVERS ARE DOWN THIS MORNING..WELL..THIS BITES..I WAS EXCITED TO SEE THE RANKINGS..SAY WHAT?!?!? T/F/S..
- a tip or to on the guitar? And if you do, he would probably act like your bothering him. Like he didnt wish he could ask a pro when he was
#whatisnttrending unicorns on a Wednesday morning partying with glitter, monkeys, carrots and a boy raised by leprechauns ( )
those books gotta be in that truck of yours somewhere . lol . jus know it .
Watching #Glee and relaxing with my buds - aka Harlow (dog) and Finley (cat).
lol good and you??
For finals week Mon-Sat we'll be staying open later (until 10pm) for students to study and use free wi-fi.
Why would u want to lock up a broad?
where do you feel libraries fit? Libs are being squeezed out, esp. regarding ebooks
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it.
studying abroad makes you lose complete focus at accomplishing anything important. like everything you need to do for finals week
Got that mug at Commencement, actually :D
salty is not the word to express my displeasure it will take several 4 letter words for that
just learned that today is National Margarita Day. hm how did i not get this memo? #whogotme?
Who's looking for an apartment in #Bucktown or #WickerPark? How many bedrooms?
is shop your values a "local" event in NYC or is it being observed elsewhere?
Wow, being followed by Mona, so proud, alongside Paisley, Howard, Shelton and Lincoln!
we're running late but soon to be on our way to
"where can I get a brojob?"
I think someone has a birthday coming up maybe you'll get one.
would you consider an email interview for my zombie blog? Everyone interviews the actors, I want to interview the crew & brains!
I went to the vagina monologues with my wife. Woman barges in to men's room needing to pee. Id have been arrested for that.
Rone is definitely an artist to keep an eye on. Everything about his work is beautiful.
I often vacillate on whether servers should be partitioned, then when I am on one which is low in space in one I don't. And yeah, LVM
"I've been let down, but never been tainted so I stay thirsty for more. No I won't hold back, No drop is wasted."
En route to Greensboro!!
Fredrick Said Text Him
So many negative tweets, it's only halftime!! Plenty of game left to play! Let's go #Packers!
Hey everyone- is in for today- talking to woman who started the entire case against dating websites after assault.
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment" Ralph Waldo Emerson
I really need a sign in front of my door that says "Make sure ur fly is up before u leave the house".
Recording LD "Real Mutha-Fu*ka" trk gonna be nice.....................S/O to Struggle Boy watch what we do 46th highschool we in here.
Did you know...Nearly 4 million tons of Tea are harvested every year? Drink Tea and have a great day?
good but i've been studying all day -.- yours? :D
You are very welcome.
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you're always next to me
Remember when made his first follow that one random guy? And that one random guy lots of press? Kind of a shitty 15 min. of fame.
perfect for fishing!!
No, It's not really just for girls. There's a bunch of guys set up for the season already.
How long have you worked in your library?
Parents, aren't you sick of filling out your child's school health forms year after year? Your school needs RegisterPatient.
Watching without just isn't the same. Drew is the best announcer in the biz!
where and what for?
Rodenberg Church of Christ gets back to the basics
Thanks to everyone who came out for today's West Side tour! Our next West Side Wednesday is Feb 8 (meet at Central Branch)
RT : because of Gonzalez,a lot of guys will have career year,'cause he's such a threat.He made freaking Thigpen look good
Idk what's more pathetic.. the fact I didn't unpack my suitcase from Sunday night or the fact that I have to leave my apt at 6am for airport
CONFESSION: I secretly hope Chicago & Pittsburgh make it to the Stanley Cup Finals every year so that "Sudden Death" might become reality.
We are back in production The Wailing, more to come soon.
where are you going in MN?
Dear drunk guy on the train trying to imitate the train horn noise you're failing miserably.
Nas's 1991 demo tape>>>>>> And to believe he was only like 17 or 18 at the time.
well did u?
The best way to describe my life is that I'm perpetually stuck at the end of the 2nd act in a John Cusack movie.
I hope ur day is full of enjoyment
I hate school.
lol I think it's starts kinda early like 8. But I'm not really sure.
What You Need To Consider Before Building A Koi Pond
imagine if our eyebrows were under our eyes instead of on top of them
"I've been Franklin" -- Thanks Holy Page!
when is the video going to be up(:
dear InDesign: i am hungry. please stop breaking so i can go home.
Even if you don't believe, What about Now, What about You?
AxeOffUSA-Monthly Guitar Contest - Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans (Platinum Sponsor) Please list our events. www.AxeOffUSA.com
We know ur dating other radio stations...lol says 96.1 just spend more time with us...lol
Broken my bread fast and had a slice of whole wheat with peanut butter. I could eat 10 more.
Having a Pulaski a go go
lol. I don't know about being happy but i'll try.
im on the same shit
I gotta say, if this #Xoom weren't free it would be a major dissapointment!
#WeWontWork if getting to know you means I have to ask around, I don't care what people have to say!
this week has been exhausting for me
Happy Mothers Day Mama Brit.(:
Stop tweeting and confirm golf plans.
Yes, but not for condensation. Sometimes the temp. within clay ocarinas can effect tuning, so it's best to play them warmed up :D
Art is highly subjective and yet we cannot feel when listening to Kenny G for a whole year what Louie Armstrong gives in seconds.
Today is seemingly squirrel appreciation day. As you do...
am I allowed to follow her..v
Fuckkkkkk Parent Connection!
Sports will not let me sleep tonight
please follow me so I can DM u
But then I'll have frozen toes in the microfilm room.
FYI: I'll be tweeting on my trolley ride into + then from Qualcomm tomorrow from here + from
Dreaming In Brilliant Color is being sent out to 200 college radio stations today
What are your plans for the weekend pretties?
have fun!
Congrats to #Blues G Brian Elliott on his 9th shutout (3rd consecutive game with one) on year. The dude has been fantastic.
What a gorgeous view!
AND WE WANT TO HEAR and the moral of this story is... SO much history to learn from ...k! '+)
Lets work strictly business
BALLGAME OVER #YANKEES WIN!!!!!!! THE #YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!
Oh wow, visited when we first moved here 5 years ago and loved it! Thanks for the invite.
What's your biggest Birthday Wish?:)
lol...i have no imagination to come up with a better one!
I can never finish apples, actually.
Ugh, have my fav. Youtubers video planned out, but can't film. I have to do my graduation music video BEFORE we graduate.
It is great. It works in CA, NY and other states. Just have 2 have horses that are not flappable and geldings make the best choice.
Then you're good to go! It's easier than taking a final - even the one you had this pm.
Im always here for you. I told you that. I also said Im true to my word. you will always be safe with me around.
my mom can never be happy, i want to go to florida and all she does is think about all the negatives about it, its not like she will take me
As for this reporter, he doesn't like coffee, which is making for a groggy morning.
Brandon Marshall kinda fly for first take
loosen up those fingers!
Agreed. RT : So far the Facebook marketing bootcamp is a little basic, but we'll keep listening in the background.
Happy Mothers Day to my mom I LOVE YOU!! <3
And it might sound a little too forward for me to say, but Imma do it anyway (:
Comparing Clear-Cut Applications Of How to Generate Network ...
If we will do what we CAN do, God will do what we CAN'T do.
- thnx will czech it out. You sure you the original d-rose? I think you might have lost the born on date battle on that front...
1-3NLH has been going strong all day! Come on over and get in the action. We'll be taking sign ups for our 7pm tournie shortly as well :o)
I can spin with my mind I'm a jedi
I don't know how to put my sentiments about that into words. I'm just gonna backtrack and have no opinion
your are my favorite cast member from Glee and i never got a tweet from a famous person :( ur my hero please tweet me back :)
Only one week till the FLA conference -- what wonderful folks will I get the chance to meet down in Orlando?
Tonight is #Bingo at Starts at 7!
holy shit, "wide" is up on spotify...
why is Dodge even kicking the ball in the middle of the field? Just makes no sense. Horrible loss...no excuses
good morning Tim! “: Good Morning! #GMCheer”
Thinking about him drives me crazy
im so proud of biebs, your video hit 8 million views in one day ! thats swwaaaaaag ;) ha follow me ? I LOVE YOU
My neighbors are blasting music and I have to be up at 5 AM. x_x
I have become absolutely convinced that all the #Republican candidates r being paid a salary by the #DailyShow & gets bonuses
Actually very very pleased with tonight's
#saysomethin <3 lovelovelovelove this song. so proud of austin (':
Had fun tonight
#chicultural2012 Step 1:Town Hall Meetings – Where are we now? Over 1,000 Res just participated.
thinking about the future brings a smile to my face:D
#withdrawls more like dire need. im going to dayton this weekend wish you were there.
“: I dreamt about Whitney Houston last night. And have just read twitter. Weirded. But that woman could sing. Sad news.” Indeed
S/O to the new member of HTIDENT/STREET GANG/BLACK STAR PROMOTION
Maybe U of O could add Persuasion 101 to the curriculum.
Maybe he's making big Oreos with creamy, white crack as the center?
S/o to my only real true friend <3
whoa, why didn't your favorite ice cream supplier get an invite? We love some craft cocktails.
Re: RT : "I know there's a great desire to dodge the word failure, but this was a failure on the part of the admin"- Bauman
Yoav Medan of #technion speaking in #herzltalks about new kind of surgery - no cutting, no bleeding(??)
i cant remember
She insists on calling the gelflings "Horrifying little demons". I should video her passion for posterity. Girl's got issues.
I had some of the Cheeky Yinzer on cask this afternoon. Enjoy!
Perennial Virant is open for brunch on NYE day...10am to 2pm.
There's a David Blaine marathon on channel 771. FYI.
what you're from boston now too? :p
Well, since my team didn't make it to the World Series this year, all I have to say is...GO PHILLIES!!!!
thanks again to all our new followers, you know who you are and too many too mention! we appreciate all your support!
Success comes from persistence...persistence in hoping for the best, looking for the future, following your dreams, and aiming to...
Daily GTKY question: Are you in indoor or outdoor person?
Lebron James, clutch.
I've never been with a ginger before. LOL
Drinking a Brooklyn Black Ops now. Good but not as good as the hype
Is this not the cutest baby on the planet?!
Well you wouldn't be if your mom didn't hate me because of you. :P
rollin up my cat nip and shittin in your litter #whyyoulookingbitter?
nun tryin get a job
lol omg why ?
Be sure to check out the two new opportunities this year!
Are you ready for the new #Easter #Bitesize #Resource?? Not long to go!!
Fake is the latest style & a lot of people seems to be wearing it.
Ridin to south beach condo bound LOL.
keep me posted on that yo!
electroacupuncture proven to result in release of beta endorphins, or at different frequencies, seratonin which reduce the pain
my last tweet for the night.....i freaking love you and that was the most amazing performance ever. that is all<3
burn ignore mark ronson
Cant wait to get my car ^.^
Thanks for the interview & patience! :) Btw, I'm thinking about a sequel to TLL..so you might get to read more about April.
Only in NM, waiting in line at Chipotle.line is only around one side of building. Cold.
Sounds like a perfect day to me. :-)
Gr8 brainstorming session on Jumpstarting Affordable PR & Social Media Efforts at Washington Network Group
Happy Birthday Fam
There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible
Thanks for the RT!
I went out to the University of Houston last Saturday and spoke to a bunch of high school students about writing. It was great.
Morning Mindbender Question: 52% of women can’t go a day without doing this. What is it?
Visions give people a direction and inspire people to act,and a group of inspired people is the most powerful force in the world.Bret Victor
Motorcycle cops formed perimeter around Ogawa. Uh, I'm inside, police car on fire 16th and San Pablo
I ain't gonna lie,you lookin good in that blacc :)
I really want some French Bread
Lmao!! Get a life loser! RT at work wit her glasses on looking like somebody grandma tho
Sounds like a cinderella story. xD
miss you too!
Looking forward to youib guys returning to Wisconsin
See if your library has the DVDs. Getting hooked on Mad Men would be a fun post-graduation project for you.
I want my lip pierced.
get at me
depth is key, but is horizontal reach valuable for growing audience, too? is this a role that PR can play?
Sex is battle.
Miss you
Let's go
In Shanghai. Smog really bad here.
omg I just realized that there's only 2 months left until the one direction concert. 2 months until I may meet them! Ah.
I dont see nobody around my age group here.
They go hand in hand!
wow -- that's awesome!
Hats off to AD Long at Arkansas for making a tough decision. It may not be popular to fire Petrino, but it was the right thing to do.
Wow, that had to have been exciting! I was expecting two eggs but she laid looks like this will be just 1.
TY & happy weekend
According to most ppl I've talked to, Wayne C. Wooten, the long-time Deputy Chief of County Court Bureau
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art
Joining my friend Rep. Nydia Velazquez @ City Hall to release her report showing positive impact of President's jobs plan on NY.
Photoshop nahiin hai. I'll have to use the picture manger. :)
Your welcome! We miss you too!
Us too! RT : Seriously looking forward to the Yelp Elite event at ! Can't get enough of LA's arts/culture scene these days.
I'm starting to rethink this "I'm on a shower strike till I get some" with the GF....
Alright, that's it for Lakers tweets. Thanks for humoring me. Off to masturbate!
hurry up!
Checking out CardCloud and Cardflick, alternatives to traditional biz card.
I think Haynesworth won that battle
my pain is your gain
nice I bet your heavy stoked.! :)
Did they say Cole Aldrich was a McDonald's All American, or he's been to all of America's McDonald's?
hey stranger! I don't buy it. That flavor doesn't exist in nature. It looks like its yummy but it's a trick!
Finally changed my twitter name(:
great clip of your sis. She's fantastic.
RT : best time for good weather but not as crowded? April to October ... it's hot but there is always a breeze off the ocean.
New Diabetes Device Tests Tears Instead of Blood : )
Liking the new youtube look. It seems they have discovered noise and 1px drop shadows.
Please be advised the Museum will be closed beginning Friday, April 6, 2012 for the Official Spelman College Easter Break. The Museum...
oh dear lord <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>I'm still traumatized lol
For sure moving out. Can't wait!
+ Art - 540 West 28th Street is about to re-launch sales! The building looks fantastic, the model home is beautiful and Demand is high!
A thank you for the QR code idea for bus cards. Have rec'd many compliments.
Fml! My friends had my iPod this whole time fucking around with my ex boyfriend!!! Are you serious? Now their going out? Wow </3 :'(
Ready to go back to work tomorrow after my weekend in so much fun, and ziplining was awesome!
My #fridayreads is Florence Marryat's The Blood of the Vampire. What's yours?
Fina roll a plane and get on this fifa
Saturday! No more commute for me! :D
Probably gonna choose to get my skateboard instead of having a birthday party, but things could change :P
KOB TV reports overcast, windy weekend...enjoy indoor rock climbing, movies, spring cleaning & catching up on some reading! Happy Weekend!
Thanks! So far so good for me!
Hats off to the #lakers good effort by the team
tell him his clothes look tacky.
RT : I mean WITH a grown man lol .....do tell my friend lol
yeah near in future I want to give percentage off the top on certain products directly to bobbi and the strays .
Watching American Gangster: Melvin "Little Melvin" Williams, "a drug kingpin credited for revolutionizing Baltimore's heroin trade".
orange!!?? seriously??!! photo verification will result in your being excised from my living will -- help me !
ha super coon
Peppermint mochas are so December
Like? Aha I LOVE Themm ;p.
Nevermind I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you, too.
also, how much money are you comfortable living on? One income can work even if it's not huge, if you cut back
Going to try and make A #sensory swing.. a little diferent then the one he has .. he can use this one more on his own :)
Ok, got to go. Been fun!
Happy First Day of Spring tweepers! This seems like a great opportunity to begin a new thing in your life...what will you make new?
I'm so jealous that I'm not there tonight
RT always smile. it could cheer up people around you and also irritate those haters who wish you to be sad and down.
#FF b/c she's quick and always on point; b/c it's their birthday this week; b/c she's new.
great meeting you finally!! thanks again for everything you do
hahahah, I would have if they woulda made eye contact. I was too busy looking for child seats in their car.
Love it when former clients reach out for advice and counsel. This biz will always be about building trusted relationships.
Yeah, I think that's the "idea". Otherwise, management or "chief scientist"?
Glad to see the contest pigs haven't found a way to circumvent the Chorizo promotion. Yet.
no, its just a wide spectrum of songs lol.. Not enough dance songs though... :-\
I will wait forever! Go rock those shows and show 'em what Brandy Shanice is made of! Hahaha. Love you more!
where's show me D:
If you guys ever have a company limo you need to call it KRS-1.
I wish was following me so bad.:(
Pinterest is now #3. That was fast.
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
It is the 20th anniversary of Wolfenstein 3D. Man, I killed so many Nazis.
Thanks to Obama the cost of education will continue to go up and be out of reach for those who don't qualify for Pell Grants.
are you watching alex's show? c:
no problem! The Darbo neighborhood is on the city's east side.
awkward moment when me & get like the first 20 questions wrong at the competition & still manage to win 1st place lmao
GO GIANTS TOMORROW! ROOTING HARD FOR YOU GUYS! MAKE NEW YORK PROUD! YOU DOWN WIT JPP?? LOL
My new music video 'My Guitar' should finally be finished an online this week! Pre-release screening is tonight, followed by final...
SWOOP ME!
Yes! Come join us in D.C.! Bring a little sanity to the tourist-riddled, TEA-riddled National Mall! # RallytoRestoreSanity
1940’s beat cop w/hand in the game pays w/his life. Greed,sex,money,secrets. Steamy.Explicit.Gritty.Bang Bang ending. =>Unholy Alliance
SURF Report: 4/24/11 (Pacific Beach) 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Good Morning <U+2600>
Know light and grow evermore lighter and lighter, Maurice.
Stay on the bag Gomez, we are down 4 runs.
Watching bridesmaids. I wanna go to Vegas so fucking bad. Too bad you pretty much can't do shit unless your 21.
Hey there Tim - How are things going?
my other partner is from there and we got some big things Going on over there ,that makes have to be there alot
Love may wash away the blues, but I still ain't over you
Thank you! Some have attempted to correct me. But it's a hard, sad truth. It's my truth. And it's ok. I'm not alone. Love love
A Friend is a treasure. More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
I wish a certain person would just leave me alone....
why not do both?
Holy EFFFFF! Exactly 2 months from today I will be roasting for 8 days straight in beautiful Punta Cana !<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A><U+2708>
I did not love him, nor did I hate him. We had mutual respect for each other, even as we both planned each other's murder. Werner Herzog
with my prepa! Finally rejoining the world after my darling Kim...
Well I can't do that face justice. Picture... 's face.
Google Antrisity for baby and adult accessories including headbands, scarves, hats, jewelry, etc.!!
Come in to see our new pendulum bags as well as our new stones. We have Tourmaline, Moldavite, and Lemurian seed points
its ok but not like the best thing ever
Morse code, myself. #No RT : Gemini love any means of communication, be it by the pen, computer, telephone, or face to face.
__________ is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii.
RT": RT : I like it when people sing to me :)"
how i met your mother is good. too bad its done
Whatever! Work it. They make you different. :)
I can't wait to see my bby Robvic on Saturday :-*
she smack she look like a duck when he sleeping!! why is she even in my room!
HA not much lately because the sweat pool is so inconvenient and I just don't enjoy swimming. Trying to go 2-3 times a week.
I miss being a kid at Easter. But, I definitely don't miss being forced to wear some kind of frilly, itchy, horror of a dress.
RT : Men at Work will be the worst show ever <- seriously. smh TNT is promoting it like it's the best thing ever too smh
Just heard say "student debt is a symptom of a broken social contract". Should be a great show today
Why not, might aswell shove Tamnpa bay to cover handicap tomorrow night aswell
USA! USA! USA! RT May is National Hamburger Month. Celebrate accordingly.
Remember when all these heat nation fans.. were cavs nation fans lol
no everywhere
#ThingsBlamedOnLebron Any fat girl I see
People who are stuck say: "I can't do this." People who are unafraid to try say: "How can I do this?" Who are you?
a nigga fresh like school clothes
-- thank you for this article -- had to retweet it as well....
Third straight semester with honors. Good start to the day!
I want to take this time out to pay homage to those whose came before me & I promise to keep the nonsense free from my concepts.
Make my dream come true. Follow me please babe. <3
I betcha' fingers have stretch marks on em'
Leah is so fucking awesome
I'm super grateful to be working on the new TNT show perception! Fun times!
I am not a Monday person, it seems like such a let down after Sunday. I hope everyone has a great week.
tell me again was it love at first sight, when i walked by & you caught my eye. didn't you know love could shine this bright
I'm no fool, April.
six pack of each! I'm no amateur. Well, maybe with the gumbo.
Ryan and I are out w the cold going around. More accurately I'm out, Ryan is sick but not slowing down at all
In chemistry just thinking about food .
USGS is not reporting an earthquake anywhere near #SanDiego that would have been felt in the last 10 min.
Browsing in Pier 1 makes me smile.
like tomorrow?
good try pats we got next year!
Wanted to bring my boys an my dog on my bike to dinner in south mpls some time. Who has dog-friendly patio (and beer)?
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs
Thanks for the follow. Hope all is going well with Jam Mobile. Take care and stop by for #freelunchfriday sometime.
thanks for the article! think I already found it actually :)
This Romeo and Juliet final is so easy.
I have to vote first. Then yes!
Whoa, it's McCafe monday free 8oz of caffeine!
I hope so. Lots on mapping. Speaking: Natalia Smith (UNC) Lauren Tilton (Yale) Frances Abbot (EMory) Michael Mizell-Nelson (U NO)
YO WHATS UP!!! people haven't called me that in the longest hahaha
I now know what girls feel when they say they are heartbroken
sorry, i broke my phone and i havent been on twitter or texting anyone. Even my boyfriend. I miss you so much sis.
Does anybody know how to make crownies?!
Bad dinner and now the show I wanted to see is sold out. Screw you, Tuesday.
thanks! :) I think I like the April fools one better. LOLed :)
Thanks! Hope to see you there.
haha It's on BAZA like something that rhymes with ON .... LONG!
i really wanted panera dad IHOP youre happy. dad: oh im eggstatic
I said I got a girl..she said me too So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood..don't be foolish
Walking into a room of the most influential people in music, always a little intimidating, but am soaking it all in. Feeling empowered!
I love cleaning glass..LOL...I hate to clean the oven. I'm not a shopper - I order my groceries (except for meat and veggies)
if u really don't know, I can't explain it, I'll have to show you. Lol!
I've been doing more work and less tweeting recently....but if you need me I'm here! DM me and I'll get back to you!
#OOMF mad cause ppl call em gay,but WAIT you ARE..DID YOU FORGET....#Shruggz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Welcome back Andy Pettitte
HI. or shall i say, would you fancy a cup of tea?(; hehehehe
damn east coast bias!
Hey, qurl, hey.
hehehehe kinda. youur from new york? or you were just there?
New work out starting tomorrow I have to stay fit :-)
I can be mad annoying sometimes...I gota change that about myself like seriously .
Eagles may be the best madden team of all time this year, if not for the Packers...
Going to an interview ... yay!
and by beating twice, do you mean the Maryland Redskins?
heck yea!!
Next bus comes in 20 minutes...
The original plan called for the HNAI to be finished in total by the bi-centential in '76...
thanks for the follow,
#Toronto #BlueJays cash big for me and my clients I am now 8-1 on the day how did you do?You pay me for my info
you hear us on howard stern? ya baby ;-)
Turning the ball over way too much!
..IDIOTS... absolute IDIOTS!
I'm listening to Ruff Endz "No More" at work right now #throwbackbanger!
well if the rest of them would just stand still for a month at a time that might work! ;^)
now you are making me cry...lol I really love you guys...xoxo
Made bet on KU-OSU game with Loser makes contribution to either #KCUR or #KWMU. Tim just made his pledge. He's a good man.
SHout our to follow!
Free internet access in airports makes me ridiculously happy.
Leaving for work in a couple hours. Everybody have an awesome Thursday!
near Union Square. I think it's a #ows protest!
Loved your interview with Leo Laporte.
Wake and bake <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Rapper Coolio arrested in unpaid Vegas ticket case Rapper Coolio was arrested Friday on a warrant charging him with failure to appear in
And Tango Makes Three by Justin Richardson: Non-traditional families rock!
worst fuckin start to a spring break..........
If you ever need to find my car, it's the one with 16 HIPAA violations in the front seat.
Holding onto the weekend as much as possible...
Yeah they are nice, but I am Canon fan boy for life
is it true that housing code demands that I have hardwired smoke detectors in each bedroom?
it works! I dred taking tylenol. I just ran out of tea last week and the pain REALLY got me.so i'll be buying more tea ASAP
you guys rocked the canadian way tonight! Darkest Before Dawn | KOOP 91.7FM sweet!
My back hurt
On 5th - but up toward Banker's Hill. When is your official opening?
#nowplaying "Razor Boy", Steely Dan. Damn..the memories.
haha good! It's a fun experience! No worrying necessary
butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high... take a look, its in a book, READING RAINBOW
walking around look snooki cause
I have to admit, it was tasty... I still plan on keeping meat in my diet though
Thanks to for coming out to #OurGreatestYear. Great talkback about Byner and a naked Browns locker room.
Where's the party at tommorow? Courtney?? Lol
gun show at the fairgrounds on June 2&3rd i CAN'T wait to go check everything out and come out with my pretty little glock .40
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mommy. I don't thank her enough for all she does for me. Love you. <3
You wish you were me right now. Amazing seats :)
The Pablo workout, Better than P90X! : Awsome show Pablo !!! My ribs still hurt from laughing so hard....
FYI - They Might Be Giants (George C. Scott movie) recently added to Netflix...
Hawks gone win this one
have a great one today Big Fam!! Mic Mich
That's why we love you!
Visibility almost nil near UTEP in the middle of haboob
What's with you letting Levy do the O's/Yanks highlight?
TRAFFIC: Crash/Road Temporarily Closed - Hwy 51 @ Gray Rd (just south of DeForest) - head on collison, Med Flight en route.
It's the closest we'll ever get to having a Skyline anywhere near campus...
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
i dnt got ur number and i got a new number and dnt wanna give it out
Ha, as you tweeted this, it was playing in my headphones. Catchiest darn song ever.
do I dare say Alex Smith how bout jamarcus Russell Jason campbell
If your a block club, community development org, safety patrol or any other group doing community work in the city you need to link up...
I strt on monday august 29 :o im super nervoous for high school D:
Hey, any plans on where you will hold your #MVP press conference, assuming you will win it this year?
sorry choose lol
same:/ what kind of sickness do u have lol
in car headed upstate. Maybe create a new one for me?
You can't ride 2 horses with one ass.
I feel like every day it's a new story about their financial/editorial/staffing issues. The bully story "clarification," ugh
RT“: when you take 3124696 minutes to text back <<<<<”
Is it me or is Smash more and more like high school? I love and hate it!
In my opinion, no need to do reply everything
taken myself, if you have photos that you wouldn't mind me using to make the blog look a lot better, please do so and thanks! (2/2)
We like the , especially since they just promised to write a story about us! (We're lying. We just *hope* they will).
Thanks KEWU - FM 89.5 FM for broadcasting my recording of "There Never Will Be Another You" today. Aloha Cheney, WA!!
Nails done hair done...... :D
that's not that old either! Were still 20 somethings lol we still get to call ourselves "young"
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.-David Seabury
everytime i look at my fav websites for clothes, i wanna cry cause im broke
I hear ya, my goal was always outdoor, but I am just starting out & getting a basic idea of it.
It's twelve in the morning & guess what I'm doing? Researching irrelevant information on the web to quench my curiosity.
Newly Opened Home Preparedness Now Delivers Emergency Supplies
RT Glad Republicans took their time studying Paul Ryan's plan to remake the entire health care sector.
Possible trip to NYC, not 100% definite, but a good possibility-aiming for the Garment district, Chinatown, SoHo, Village-cross fingers&hope
Butter up that bacon!
congrats dude. great job
GM twitter world. Looks like the super sun will be visible today. Outstanding! Red velvet cake in the oven.
I'm hatin on u right now but tht cd b crankin!!!
Thanks for the follow! Now we need to tell abt twitter enhancing civic participation. Use as case study.
Thanks for mentioning Founding Rivals! Hopefully you're still enjoying it.
I'm only slightly disappointed ;)
sounds like you and I have a date at muscle beach man <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><U+2600>
Client keeping me on the line while his antique fax machine receives my 17 page fax, only because he couldn't open the secure email sent.
3 words: stuffed Chicago pizza
Sometimes I just feel like honking at people in the fast lane lol
I will be there for at least 1-2 weeks including the ME.
Once more into the fray i go into the last good fight ill ever know
Mr hughes juust told justin to "look it up bitch" LMFAO!
Back to norm tomorrow! We'll be running around the AT&T Center as the #Spurs take on and the OKC Thunder. Keep u updated...
My ex on one on Twitter...smdh...
Have a great day everyone!
#GWU if you have not tried our homemade (read: delicious) granola, come to Kogan Plaza to celebrate
Straight Up Hustler 03
The heck is up with my TL o.o
MATH = [M]ental [A]buse [T]o [H]umans.
": go bears! Haha #nopeppers" I mean if you say so....GO BEARS!!!!
If u tell ur followers to follow someone more than 3 times u need to slam Your head in a door. Get life already.
whatchoo think about the Golden Grizz?
Twitter Tip Pt. 2: Not all clumped together, a little piece every now and again will lead your followers right to you.
Cool. Hope you'll follow me as well....
#IThankGod for my friends and family
thanks for the connection!
i hate idiots...really i can't with people who still don't respect selena!!
I want cold frapachino :)) yummy
in the words of the robbie mulloy, know your role, and shut your mouth!
best party about going home for the holidays = raiding the kitchen
Im sure theres just a lot of traffic...yea t-thats it..
You've got the braun, I've got the brains..
if u need hook-up @ UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list (Ladies 21+ FREE b4 12, Ladies 18 FREE b4 11) : 703-407-3810
this is intense!! RT Everybody's favorite sandwich just got an upgrade.
So, the #Knicks will take the court for game 3 v the #Heat with Stoudemire, Shumpert, and Lin out, and a sick Chandler.
yayy you did it! Ive been secretly stalking your progress lol
I wishh, I have a date with zac effron tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764> and an exam tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Remember the early rush of #Facebook? When you accepted and proffered Friend requests with abandon? Don't you want a clean slate some days?
mine's on perfectly too :') hahah
where you at?
Interview next Tuesday! Finally!!
my Mom is from london. Ur mom Laura Little was 1st cousin to skip little. ur dad coached my uncle jeff johnson at Daviess county
do u want me to ask my followers to follow you? LOL please can i! i bet you'd get at least one! haha
thanx boo urs is sundays :-) cancers ROCK
love the south
So I'm starving out of my mind! Someone bring me food!
lmao REPLACEMENT BUT YOU MY GIRL NIKKI GET THEM HOES out .bgc6 bitches
printscreen, copy, PhotoShop, paste
I LOVE THIS SHOW! PLEASE GET IT TO 1 HOUR NEXT SEASON IF YOU CAN! I'LL EVEN WORK FOR YOU TO MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Not able to remake
RT [+edit] : You think it's easy drinking coffee and [re]tweeting. It's a hard job but someone's got to do it.
welcome to #twitter ! u need more followers
follow me chachi
I feel bad for you. - Ginsberg I don't think about you at all. - Don
I thought it was the bar but I think it's I wish, cause that would make the most sense with their tweets
...That was rough...
Character is doing more then just enough i.e. stopping to help someone with a flat tire, instead of just calling to get them help!
great time with my family, celebrating Thanksgiving today
"The best part of books is when things are happening. That's the best part of real things too." The Story of the Treasure Seekers
We are truly humbled by all the Fan support, we are currently ranked #12 on the Blues Charts for LA/OC. Looks like a busy schedule for...
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
I like George Martin also, and Roger Zelazny. The Chronicles of Amber was fantastic. Philip Jose Farmer The World of Tiers too
LORD, I TRUST YOU!!!
RT : I've never attended a webinar without technical difficulties. [webinars ARE technical difficulties]
#onlytruemahomies can type 's name with their eyes closed! I can :)
#FollowFriday #Travel Writer
Dear people, remember the outside? Sincerely, the internet.
We know is known for great desserts! We will be tasting both Black Forest Cheesecake and Apple Strudel at the Oktoberfest event
it seems to work for foxes, though.
what does it all MEAN??
That awkward moment when you realize if mariah did have biebers kid.. itd be counted as rape on her part. lolol
thx man.enjoyed the conversation
just fire up a late night MTT sesh, er oh wait....fuck it, weed and video games ftw I guess
:P , Goodnight Lamar <$
Its a good thing I work from home cuz it usually takes a good 2 hrs for me to realize that the PB and fluff I had 4lunch is all over my face
Highlight of my Easter Basket: "The Lucky One" by Nicholas Sparks
It's a great day for a photo shoot...inside! Photographing the talented artist/sculptor Steve Wirtz!
is that the truth? Or is it because I never got to play just dance? Ehh ehh??
well damn.
The movie 'How Do I know' is releasing in 12/10! I'm excited - I painted 2 baseballs for the main character, Reese Witherspoon to be on set!
Listened to my recap of the Dayton show and I feel like a dickhead that I forgot what move TJP won with. 450 splash for anyone who cares.
Key lime martini??? Oh man that sounds good! :-) How was it?
Also, Prospect Cemetery is the resting place of Egbert Benson, and supposedly Melancton Smith (altho' the latter is not confirmed)
Can't worry bout a niqqa who ain't worried bout me
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US!
Sounds good!
Never call a girl fat, even as a joke. You have no idea how much it hurts her, even though she smiles and laughs about it.
Thanks for kickstarting my day with your yoga segments. I put two of them together for a guilt-free short routine.
TwiceD bout to get his ass Twice cussed da fuck out no lol
This cabbie is rocking out to some terrible Christian radio...
I'd rather have a dollar than four quarters.
Feasibility study on open access publications repository indicated that NSF needs to guide requirements. Final report Feb 2012.
did ya get the iPhone 4s ??
Most of the stores on y walk are still closed. Perhaps on the way back they'll be open.
Solid. and his crew are going to be at #C2E2 Maybe we can get Hardwick to make an appearance at the live tapping of Pix & Pop?
Good Monday morning all a new week is here
lets go buffalo!
I want to go to the rave thats coming up. Ah, Hopefully i can " sleep over alicia's house" yup. That should do it.
I miss him. <3
One word #weather report: Swass.
: Solution: Adjust expectations. I'll be fine. Just watching a brick go from a rooftop to a protesters head will fuck you up.
Happy Jazzy Valentines Day peeps! Where are you hanging out tonight?
is heading to Penn for David Stern's talk on the Haggadah in College Hall 209 at 5pm
Eh, we've been with TLC for years. This upgrade will at least be better than what we have.
cutest little man ever!
yea only did it once but im nasty like that so ill do it again lol
ABOUT A WEEK - Is the second collaboration between Dave Gish (DP) and Saba (Director). Produced by Cloudy Sky Films.
Did you know that in Hawaii when vowels come both before & after the "W", it's pronounced as a "V"? Ex.Hawaii -"Ha Va ee" :D Aloha :)
I want some liquor and herb for this session
Morning meditation in the woods, feeling warmth and compassion, everything is going to be alright :)
i know lol i wouldnt be able to do shit.
Our fearless leader is headed to OKC Thursday and Austin on Friday! Lots of planning packed into two days!
Well then Happy Birthday!! How does it feel to be 29? Have a great one.
With Jackson holding out, interesting that the #eagles have been as free spending as they have. Stay tuned folks.
He's Popeye the sailor man, and he's back with a new series - USA TODAY
This is the fullest train ive ever been on.
RE Theory of Data, "It is a Big Idea like money in Economics, energy in Physics, molecule in Chemistry, & sex in Biology." JV Tucker
#ImagineMB U:RAY RAY!!!! *he runs in* ray:who do I have to kill? U:nobody! :) I just wanted to see your face! *Ray ray kisses you*
RT : Communication...People rarely have talking problems, they really have listening problems.
send me a dm. Thx. K
Have a good time!
Yes, fans in Jersey.
Nicely done!
"This MEANS something!!"
Glad you're tweeting! How're ya?
Very happy and relaxed = heaven :3
who's driving?
yep.. i love him.. but not the him u r thinking about :|
I was out taking some pictures today of some of the local scenery and I thought about you.Me+droid, You Megacams
Welcome to twitter. Hope you'll follow me.
this is so cool!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
I hate Delta Airlines, LaGuardia Airport, and the Boston Celtics
got one! Haha
I'll be at the fundraiser--look forward to seeing you there!
how hard was it to sing that badly for that movie? Haha it was pretty bad
Send pics please in x
Umm... My birthday is only a few days away and I just received the B&H Photo catalog in the mail!
9" of new snow on the mountain... And I'm sick. Womp womp.
damn! Were people arrested?
No clowns, raccoons or oranges
bored missing my family and friends...thght moving to ATL was a good decision for me and my kids, guess not....wish I Knew someone here
uh whateverr happened with me being the big brother you never had??!! thanks sam! goodnight.<3
U stood by me through all of my good days all my bad I know what I got at home I ain't go never leave that them niggas bet's to believe dat
Someday, I'd like to list my relationship status as "It's Simple".
Dogfish Head Dinner September 28th!!! Check out Chef Mike's spectacular menu online
Sorry, no Skype...let us know if we can work around, or need to wait until we can set it up.
Just saw a car with Iowa state personalized plates that read CHELSFC. Get the feeling there wasn't a ton of competition for that combination
how adorable is Austin? pretty dang adorable! #mahomie :) -Melanie
we need to be over there
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this #RIPMaryDirectioner She commited suicide today! Show your respect please! #RIP x
Ugh doctors tomorrow.
This is curl up in the bed and sleep weather!!!
Visiting join us at for food& drinks
Aoki strikes out. Weeks now in the box.
i won't ever forget that
. I would be happy to be a reviewer for your javascript, jQuery book, have used both heavily since 2007 in our DreamFace cloud platform
My goal..... be the best mommie in the world :)
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways continue to do what it took to get you
Did you catch this week's Nostalgicon? Do you have any favorite Mr. Peanut moments?
I'm in the Marriage Chat
im not gonna leave til like september i think « you can't leave yet!»
My parents & 's parents each have the same names lmao & her mom's bday is 2days before my mom's lmaoo
Even though my #kindlefire is wifi only, w/ a little ingenuity, help frm google & a jailbroken iphone I'm able to use it like has 3G. ;-)
Agreed I also like to give myself time to sit on my work -see with refreshed eyes before showing.Good luck with proposal .
#NP John O'Callaghan - Out of Nowhere
Good! Have an awesome time this weekend. I hope to see you next week.
lol thanks. I swear I'm not fat. hahaha
Ugh my lil siblings wanna watch diary of a wimpy kid 2 on the big tv downstairs so now I'm stuck watchin the game in my parents room smh
My life would be much easier if I didn't have to worry about how much gas was in my car or how much battery was left on my phone
thought you would like it. :)
that's what I'm saying.
I adore having time to myself
Ah memories! If you have any pictures to share from the first one, we'd love to see them!
hahaha no way did he just kick me outta class.
thx great to see you. Stay in touch!
I know she is broo, she has my penguin to prove it.
OMG Golden Oreos.
u see broke niggas like talkin bout shoes n shit... nigga u smoke reggie u cant afford no fuckin jordans
Happy New Years! .. 6 months till i am done with #college forever.
Hey! Me too!
everyone who isn't us is an enemy
Coming up on 300 followers. Thanks for the RTs and support.
You're getting annoyed .. Sorry :p aaha
not only a senior solution.. but also a
Great to see you today and catch up! Enjoy your fabulous brows;)
As a citizen of modern society, you have a responsibility to others to bathe and not stink.
The <U+FFFD>L<U+FFFD> in my luck has been replaced with an <U+FFFD>F<U+FFFD>
If you keep lookin back your gonna miss the life infront of you
too bad CAFE Lautrec is gone
The mark of a believer is Fellowship and Joy. Don't just fellowship when trouble strikes!
There have not been network issues this morning, I would be happy to look into your account for you though.^CS
ur so right
What you call dog with no legs? Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
Its always funny when losers wish me the best of luck... This is full time grind you see not luck! U need it not me...
"Congratulations. That's weird." Thank you,
guys and gurl how ware you?
Good morning tweet buddies!!!
Maybe if I was focused on writing in the car I could ignore all the hydroplaning!
Didn't wanna come to school today :/
Thanks for the #FF love
I went there after tOSU to get my teaching license -- but it was the Columbus branch.
will b there!~~~
Live From Twitter Its Melvyn Flores Live!
it must of been urs because u still sittin ur beanhead ass in my damn car!! GET OUT STLKER
Thanks! Kuya, I have to go now. Really sleepy. Enjoy your evening. :)
sending in bank statement for rental application - embarrassed/impressed by the amount of $ i spend at
This video is going to be ridiculous. I can't wait for everyone to see it. hahahahah
And a very goodnight to all of my cool followers. Sweet dreams :)
Don't you hate it when people go on power trip-especially when they have no power?
that's what I am going too. It's ridiculous that I haven't slept for more than 8 hours.
yep that was me, I was there to shoot the one am radio. shoulda said hi!
I love the tightrope #GOP is walking. They have to trash Obama's gay-marriage stance... but NOT sound like the bigots they are. #GoodLuck!
and learning great tips to use twitter even better!
can't wait to see you in 9 days! :)
Listen to what I'm saying cause niggas aint out here playing
HAPPY PURPLE PEOPLE!!!
Web development and marketing specials being offered only in our July newsletter. Sign up on the bottom of www.bluelaserdesign.com
haha! Love this!
"Combat Training"
Fine, I'll call you next year. Sheesh. Come to New York.
Hmm, well, that opens up some possibilities . . . maybe RT fun can be in my future, someday.
LOVED this book! Sharp Objects, her debut, was my favorite, but now I love this one more (I think!). Hope you enjoy it!
Who ? What ? I must of got hacked
Behavior Modification for Replacing Addiction
wanna know how I know I'm happy .....I do happy dances for no reason ...in public ...
Sorry, making pizza. I'm a little past page 200.
got it! Email to claim your prize.
Throw on that awesome new sweater your Great Aunt Ginny gave you, and come hang out with us!
"I hope so," Patrick said, to laughs.
Self produced anti aging tincture. 1lbs. Burdock root 16oz 80 proof vodka . And consume orally 2 oz a day. I'll let you know how it works
Amiga, q paso con la llamada? :-)
what's good... just grinding and trying to break records u?
Getting ready for Tampa trip, hanging out in Florida talking to migrants, refugees bout integration.
Let me try to get back to sleep!
Hey , chick . No one cares , get over yourself . Mkaay Thanks, Bye (:
No matter how in shape you are , the school stairs are always a killer ..
Okay. If you guys will stop using misleading statistics, we'll say "guns in campus buildings" instead of "guns on campus."
Yay! Im Happy Now!
Basketball Wives>>>>
After watching a report on #Frontline re: opium debt child slave brides in Afghanistan, I withdraw my previous tweet.
oh yea well you got mines too so what??
It's us against the world .
It's all fun and games until the ish gets real!
Watching at Amazing band. Great people
hi there! so great chatting with you yesterday. Merry Christmas! xoxoxo
oh ok
btchy dropped hers in the toilet and is dealing with the aftermath.
. keep at it- you're still crushing the par 5's. Everyone understands!
Note to self...don't keep ground mustard near the ground ginger....
Power? Don't complain to me about Power when the entire US wastes it
#FF: folk who should follow me (that's how this works, right?)
just wing it I'm so tired i can't do anything
rules what - assholes?
wats up sexy
Kindle Books just submitted.........
Info Tech presentation today! Let's get this over with.
Yeah!: . meet aka Jeffrey. He will be joining & I Indeed a snob but fun.
Welcome, Mike. Hope you tossed down a couple of margaritas for Cinco de Mayo!
In the kitchen whipping up a masterpiece. I know when I finally get married my wife ain't gonna never wanna cook lol
When you're trying to avoid someone but they constantly keep texting you... Please get the hint and gimme some space.
<--- Follow her, she has AMAZING Tweets. Best tweets ever *British Accent*
Not Tiara? RT : I decided my new drag name will be Tierra En Fuego. Unless it has already been taken by
I could not love the #DriveInMob any more than I do.
RT : If professors taught their lectures in songs, I'd be a collegiate genius
"Sir"! shit! I meant Thank you, Sir.
HOLY JESUS!!!
What a tremendous article ("The High"). I spent much of it thinking what a travesty that you didn't have a book deal.
That's the spirit! In need of a #ringer??
Packed house of at Bice Ristorante in Gaslamp watching Nathan on NBC 7 Debate #sdmayor. Come by and see Nathan after debate!
that is beautiful!
i think i am lets say 25%
Check out art while enjoying dinner/cocktails! Jelly's is hosting a Sake dinner, the Grand is hosting a Wine Social tonight 6pm!
Thanx for following, Deanna! Here's to living a life filled with adventure and fun!
You're a idget! You like hemroids more then Paul pierce? Sicko
“: Only 139 tickets allotted for all LA fans traveling to Portland? Really? That's kind of silly... #MLS”
“ you gotta let mfs know that no matter what ”
I want to watch new girl, but it's not on anymore. Wahhhh:(
you're welcome. Something new?
Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys
Ross-Oslo was an incremental approach. Rabin said "we can't solve the big issues now. We have to build a relationship first"
no I don't message me on here.
Motherfucks thing just because it black history month other race cant talk shit . I hate that shit I wish a motherfucka would promise
RT: "Just want u to know I care to and I'm just a normal kid." Care to what?? Grammar, kid! C'mon, killin' me...
My stress and #oomfs stress = war.
if you're going 2 gouge buyers & sellers (25% round trip fees + shipping) at least fix your site so it renders properly on firefox!
": Ravens safety Ed Reed is taking BP for the #orioles" Dude def has range!
Al Gore has my vote.
If it wasn't for Facebook or twitter no one would know you so stop acting important your still a hoochie bidge
Brain is spinning between two great conversations tonight #libchat and #yalitchat. Thank God for twitterfall.
according to that study, they are also underpaid.
I BETTER SEE YOU! I'M COMING TOMORROW! :D
#Sam gets some applause.
Iona doesn't appear to be very good at the basketball.
good day today. Home and time for dinner
thanks y'all! ;D
election season: the time when we pretend that one politician is more ethical than another.
Had one of the oddest things happen to me after running tonight. Then it proceeded to get just plain bad.
2nd close out game in a row where Bynum is playing like a dog. Guy has talent but no heart most nights.
~ya'll should have won.
Chains from fashion show for sale! Hit me up if interested!
Wow! All the crazies are out today! Oiy this is gonna be a long day.
1 thing u must knw about money is how to make it all back after u spend it...
You're never too old to watch the Bachelorette.
"the world is full of magic, you just have to believe in it"
#Redskins #FF #Follow for all your skin news!
Utah Seeks More Latinos to Adopt Children - Fox News
if you cant buy your girl flowers atleast once a month
#SaySomethin is stuck in my head I LOVE THAT SONG! asdfghjkl;
America WANTS TO KNOW: Why do #kochbros A.L.E.C. Conspirators hire stupid inept irrascible General Counsel like Mark Holden?
Fast Car by Boyce Avenue WILL change your music taste :)
Likely. I am curious to read it as a librarian, but no interest personally. And, I'm not wasting a credit on it.
Ive been reading your site for the past couple of hours. Lovin it! Im so ready for ths journey in embracing my
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Children Online At ...
I'm just gonna do a cookout in a park cause its gonna be hot saturday & I'm putting my mom & everyones else bday with mines
Inkdt has much in the works...stay tuned.....
Yeah buddy! We went hard today (:
“ “ I'm On My A Game NEVER On That Bull-Shit. You On Your Bull-Shit Cuz You Ain't Never Gonna Be Shit. . .””
Happy Veteran's Day!!!
I think #snapwomen know how to laugh at themselves and not take life too seriously! Have fun!
JUST FRENSS KENNY A FUCKINN LIERR I BEAT HIS FUCKINN ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
what about her pouhotee
Pretending you didn't know about the phone hacking was/is the veriest ignorant argument.
knows that when Tweedle beetles battle w/paddles in a puddle,they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle-Ready for next Trivia Night!
fuck. That's super awesome.
I have been really well fed these past six days, REAL well fed. Must. Start. Diet. Tomorrow. (Note that I did not say tonight).
I'm so excited for tomorrow! Ahhhhhg! c:
The first thing I notice on a person is their shoes.
that awkward moment when you have to tell your male gym teacher that you can't swim because of....girl reasons. :S
We got caught in so much traffic so we can't make it to the Cal Tech concert but now we are shoppin' lol.
Enough house stuff already. Yoga, tea, and a book, please!
Saudi Prince Invested in Twitter ttp://tinyurl.com/cyw64sl
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
yes constantly! Best investment in music ive made!
lol he has his gf but we argue all the time i just wanna kill him sumtimes but he has a place in my heart
ps I have something in my apartment that's
But you held your pride like you should've held me.
Finally got the twitter app for my G2 so now I can update and not have to be in front of my computer =) Bout time lol.
A word is not the same with one writer as with another. One tears it from his guts. The other pulls it out of his overcoat pocket....
Am I awake or asleep..?
it's your birthday?! Happy Birthday!
70 degree weather all week in march. Spotted Cow draft in hand. Maybe I should move back.
Are you living life like a rock-star?
look at me now im fresh than a motherfker
Did you know milk snakes attack cows and suck milk from their udders?
You'll get it. Don't worry, hang in there!
such a good day for a DC adventure with some amazing people!
is now Follow accordingly!
Watching Mothers Day!!!New version!!
It's a beautiful day at the beach :) RT : Heading to beach in less than an hour :) yay
finally recovered from Thurs! Rehersal and bachelorette dress shopping :)
The real beauty in #business ownership is who you become during the process.
My wildcats are playing GOOD ball!
ya I'm good but I'm still sick! Wawawaa meds aren't helping! :-(
tonights WOD, wait for it ... maxing out on the lifts and squats. I KNOW you're shocked!
I feel bad for the KCAL9 news girl that had the stroke on live television but luckily she now has a team of neurologists running tests.
Looked like he finally knew how to hit last Saturday vs. Cards.
Getting ready to head to this Interview
I be ready to wrap my hands around a niggas neck!
Good morning #SGGC. M!!!!!
Yes! Going to the sponsor party next Wednesday -
haha thatd be kinda cool actually.
Dang those Steam deals this week were just crazy. Hope you had a blast downloading this weekend.
Wha...wha...what's that I hear?....A....SLAUGHTER SPECIAL tomorrow?? At the Clifton Forge Armory??? OH MAN!!!!
While on a trip to So Africa, Shakira was attacked by a sea lion. The story has to be true, bc the story was reported by Shakira's hips
You have 14% chance left to talk to me after that my phone dies and stays dead until I'm calm enough to charge it again.
thank you Madison! :)
In honor of Billy Crystal hosting the Oscars tonight, I think I will go watch one of the most powerful films ever made, My Giant.
Josef Newgarden just crashed coming out of turn 4.
too many to watch. Wish I had a DVR. At 2 you have to keep your eye on the AMGEN Tour of California
There are better ways to be woken up than by an earthquake.
Music can change the world because it can change people
Gallery Night Pick: Hot Pop, not even sure who they have, but I've never been disappointed by the work they've got up yet.
Tryin to stay positve but got so much on the brain. I need a life line.
Sweet feeling of pounding headache
I dunno, they get paid pretty well. Unions and all that guaranteeing a nice wage and stuff..
NOW BOARDING FLIGHT 420 …
Me too I love spring break:-)
I couldn't agree more :)
please send info about your Miami, FL program to me at
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you call them fat, make them pay for themselves on a date, look at other girls, dissagree with them.
RT : There should be a "loathe this" option on Facebook
aw I want to be there! So badly!
“There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.” General George S. Patton
Last weekend for ordering prints for the holidays without rush fees.
How did 'Dre not come up with that...
#Police patrolling in cars waiting for a call to come in is reaction to crime while foot patrol works to prevent crime. Which do you prefer?
PS you started putting our business on twitter not me
wouldn't that be, maybe, every Marx Brothers movie ever?
whats going on with your music
Latin Perspective offers podcasts of Latin Jazz shows for whoever is interested.
#Pittsburgh RT ": All you can eat crab legs tonight. Two drink minimum #PGH"
Infant Cozy Cow Costume
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
Thank you!
Eminim songs never get old
What do you call an Irishman who's been left out in the cold and snow all winter? Patty O'Furniture
That who/which line's incredibly hard to draw. Haven't made full peace with mine yet, still in flux. Advice welcome.
Some hoes be trying so hard to be "one of the boys." Stop tryna be down...
Hawaiian Poke Bowl will be at new locations around the #bayarea! Stay tuned to find out where!!!
Congratulations to all students testing this weekend. Good job everyone!!!!!
instagram now Twitter, really upping your social media game lady
I want to travel everywhere! Anyone need a study abroad advisor/companion?
Heading to Everest BC in April. Would like to learn more. Eric
Phil Humber perfect game!!!
I go bye this quote: Every time you SNEEZE somebody is thinking of you<33
#SandersSundays is the best part of Sunday <3 I always look forward to it on Sundays . Hope you keep doing this ! <3
Wow I really need to go to Albuquerque now!
RT : Trying to organize a viewing party. RSVP to watch Battleship in IMAX on Rihanna's forehead next Friday. Who's in?
This person was astonishingly computer illiterate, but I still hold a grudge against NB for that one.
where were you ms. Teen?
What movie did you see? :D
hmm...good point. I guess I could look in iTunes and see
Trying to make #FIIF a thing, as in "Drinks at lunch? #FuckItItsFriday."
Okay, if you're at the #aam2012 opening party and you haven't found the band on the 3rd flr, GET UP HERE!!
On a train to London with knowledge that I will miss follow the sun 2012. Not a good week so far, but there is still time to turn it around.
Open Bar 6-9pm Friday! Rock out to the ! At the newest hotspot
I'll sleep when I'm dead
just as uncalled for as there's we're. Stick to kissing celebrity butt.
excuse me? oh hell no
Thanks for following! We help finance startups/co's that are premature for bank lines. Looking forward to connecting. Happy Friday
No black-and-white yet; not sure I can stand to leave #ginamckee. , was she in ANYTHING else of note?
Lol his face is priceless
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something. -
If you're still sober look for us in the parade!
Hey! 4 min left. Please shove more coach K coverage down our throat.I mean I could read about the OSU game tomorrow Im sure.
All the same...
ice cream.
Would never expect that, especially since you work at a bar RT : Drunk people everywhere
Thank you to our women and men in uniform and all our veterans for your service to our country.
Depressed people are so sad to be around. Downers really. At least i have mine in check and don't mope.
Qualifying is done and the boys leave for the Hamilton Invitational in New York on Thursday!
Criminal law defines the nature of and punishments for offenses of a public nature or wrongs committed against the state or society.
At the movies.. watching women in black
Hospital food sucks but, today just enjoying the rest. Two atents replaces all fixed up
GoodMorning wonderful people!!
10 minutes into asana this morning, realized I was in a room full of professional ballet dancers.
we should be lol
Windy City, join #PENMember Nathan Englander & Etgar Keret for a reading 6pm @ Chicago Sinai Temple
been good man, yea ive been putting my work in, how you been dude?
Golf course!
#erl12 Kuali OLE & JISC working together on an open knowledge base construction Global Open knowledge base GOkb
No particular level, but definitely higher.
that Mario Serrano is pretty great!
I like it because I can get a lot of visualization despite being most comfortable with server-side rendering.
It's too cold for me to be walking across campus
How's it looking on Oahu? Wondering if my condo in Mililani is going to be affected
Is this really happening? Thanksgiving is THIS week? Wow.
Oh gotcha!
I've heard a few of these....
I can ask questions at NATO debate. What questions do you want answered? Tweet me!
Wowww picked a salad over pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> something is wrong with me
Now I do appreciate the tutorial and will try to learn however slowly. www.afrigeneas.com/forumc
It's official! Next Friday come by Voltage (295 3rd street, Kendall sq) for our next opening exhibition by Christina Watka!!
Ppl tryna do a winner take all in this senior tag. Ppl argued when it was no prize y would this work lol
That man makes me mad every time he opens his mouth. "Black mob" my ass.
I been awol from yoga too long. Saw a guy diggin in a dumpster for food and I felt nothin
D. Wade needs to burn his Jordan contract
Mr. Romney has his hair done like Paulie Walnuts from The Sopranos.
I feel like driiiinkin and daaaancin.. But instead, I've gotta go to bed bc I have school tm.
great tweet that's what I thought you should get one then some of these jokes
wondering how well twitter and facebook will play together
Just announced his chip stack as "bout three fiddy" on ESPN3 broadcast - poker ambassador extraordinaire
really? He's right next to me!
Time for Korean Dramas! Boys Over Flowers!
RT : Getting so stuck in preparation that you never get started will stop you right in your tracks every time. >> amen!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. How strong you stand is what MAKES you.
You are right. The phrasing is so Tweetable. But nothing quite compares to the live performance.
awwhh! i hope it goes well :)
A bird pooped on me yesterday on the Universal lot. Someone said that's good luck. Hoping so.
COME ON ROYALS ONE MORE OUT!
Yo bike life in philly was sick. Yo want any videos hit me up
RT : Cool Ranch iPhone screen.
My twin sis & I have mad love for you <3 xoxoxoxoxo
thanks for mentioning FIT on your latest show! A DC student recently told us she looks forward to hearing it every week.
nope chanel remember..
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
They call me nasty!:)
Maybe if i looked different things woild change for the better
Never realized how easily Stairway to Heaven translates to Flamenco.
It's great to meet you, Cristina's a sweetheart! Is Summer your real name? :)
where the carnival?
GOP! Ramp it up/jettison political correctness. Future of AMERICA at stake. Core issue to EARN White House is COURAGE LEADS!
Guillen says dumb things and people rally to fire him, but Petrino lies about an affair with an underling and there's a rally to save him?
- They're all in Miami?
Don't entertain wicked thoughts, cast them down! Call on the Lord!
Please please please RT the last tweet:)
Get ready Spokane...were coming to melt some faces...check out all of our tour dates and come to a show near you!!!
Enjoying Arizona!
Just took a look at it today!!! Nice!!!!
Yankees/Knicks/Rangers/RBNY decided to play at the same time, on the same day, in some cases in New York.
"We stan for a flop." It's the sad truth. At least she's not a total and complete flop. Just a semi-flop. #glasshalffull :/
#20ThingsAboutMe; 20. I've only ever made one serious promise in my life and I intend on keeping it my whole life. :)
hey thanks for the mention:)
My love is his & his is mine. my friend became the love of my life
Im suprised how much gymnastics i can still do . Im still really god ;D
grammar dating game?? gimme more details.
They're playing in this place right now! I just became the most fun patron in the Firestone public house.
Successful night at the gym
yes!!! The big, beautiful, new artist apartment! You'll have to come play in it ;)
"SNO" Clothing Photo Shoot Yesterday went extremely well, Look book will be posted on website shortly. www.SnoClothing.com
I've seen a many crazy things here in Vegas. Just when u think uve seen the craziest, someone else comes along and surprises you.
My boys are on retreat. This week is gonna suck at school..
No! I'd totally love to look it over... perhaps on Monday, after I hand in my line edits to my publisher. ;) Link?
I thought the game was a 10 it had all the makings of a Hollywood movie.
skating is the best cure to a hockey loss day. especially with your best bud from up north.
Thanks for following! How did you hear about #bartab?
Poetry & Prose featuring the Shrimp Boat Project Monday, October 24th at 5:30pm...
On to southern Portugal today. Happy at how well Skype worked for a meeting yesterday. 2.3 cents/min isn't bad.
Thanks for tuning in, Chandra! RT : So glad I caught it. A great segment.
"It's no fun if it's not slippery" - Dad explaining the purpose of lube....
I'm in so much pain from them tightening my braces yesterday. Fuck everyone today.
I have two people that might be interested. dm me your email address
We are looking for a new second guitar player. Hit us up if you wanna try out!
my name is Larissa!
If you went to or wanted to please follow us. We can't follow U back if U don't! You know who you are! :D Damn twitter rulz
roasted chickpeas are amazing! Enjoy :)
Summer is here when there is not alot to do but golf, work and chill!
January 15th @ Firestone.. Show starts @ 6. Contact us for tickets, 321 202 3911. Yea! Studio Journal coming soon!
Check out Fit Physique Radio at this weekends Europa Get Fit & Sports expo...in Orlando
Have you been doing more Google+ as a result?
All good, man!
A2. College hoops play might not be as high-level as in decades past, but it sure ain't hurtin' the NCAA bottom line.
step brothers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i love you more!!
I remember when all my family members use to meet up at one another's house an at the end no one ever wanted to leave
in my room. The fuck u think lol
Guess who has two thumbs and is spinning hella old school chicago ghetto tracks tomorrow on kunv? This guy, right here.
"When one is past 30, one can about half comprehend the weather." -Chinese proverb. In a new language, tell us what the weather is like!
big day - using snowblower, hacking more velocity/css/perl and looking into AWS pricing
Hot soup and Elvis in Blue Hawaii. A great start to my weekend off!
Hey! Would it be possible to get an interview? :)
Thanks for the great tweets this week! Have an awesome weekend!
.RT : Ask & you shall receive.
YAYAYAYAY ! Omg #pumped !!!! We'll be juniors on a mission havin' a party!!!!
you sholl don't use em on me
Standard Flat Fee Order - Portland MLS Direct received a new entry.
Tip #194: Relationships aren't always as they seem, so before you become envious of another THANK GOD for what you have!
:( I'm sick of insomnia
Cajun and Montreal seasoned chicken with tomatoes and green chillis mixed with white rice!!
Deep in the heart of Houston international
Working evenings tonight for KUSI News at 6, 10 and 11pm. Join us!!
John Terry scoring. No justice in life whatsoever
T party
The great thing about morning.... Is the fact you get to shape the rest of your day! Make the most of it!
Got it, and I am sorry about your loss.
Speaking today at an international airlines human resource professional group. Airlines I dream of flying on.
I love listening to neutral announcers on National Television, idiots or not. All I know is, I don't give a shit if Prince Fielder can bunt.
We want to give a big thank you to our sponsors and to everyone that came out to support us this Saturday at the Cavalcade! Much love! :D
you DO! And EJ did work today! :P
So happy to be back in Bloomington with my crazy friends
Hey guess what? is probably the most amazing person ever just saying <3
ha, I've realized this is a major trend. How/why is pinterest so popular now?
HAPPY C-DAY HYPE R.I.P
33Across team is present!
Looks like its gonna be scary movies all night (: hate watchin em alone but it'll do for now
Catch my article on a Mission Hills 2-on-1 lot remodel in feb '11 issue of SD Home/Garden--I use my pen name Tom Shess. Tnx.
Way to go Mac.
he was getting hacked! U know it too! Haha
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!! #SECsoftball Tourney is just around the corner now
I think Raleigh needs a twitter!
#2BeHonest i hate your guts and i don't want to be friends anymore...
Betting most Coyotes fans could have gotten a five minute misconduct for what they just did to their TV or seats.
WEDNESDAY NITE CLUB XSCAPE ALL BLACK AFFAIR....
cool I hope u have fun were ever u are
Love exploding that it bring dead to life.
#brewers beast mode in Milwaukee
Glad you could get dinner in (and glad power's back.) We've been ok, but are expecting a good chance to lose electricity t'nite.
Can't even spell drunken right smh
Snow! In the air & on the ground! Now's the time to check out our sweet fleet of rental Fat-Bikes! Surly Pugsleys & Salsa Mukluks! Ride 'em!
"Goldfinger" + "Thunderball" (A James Bond Double Feature!)
You remind me of guy that i once knew ..
let me know when you ever see Blake drive the lane and take contact and get to the line. I will be waiting until I'm ancient.
iv always loved him...everyone knows that
Shout Out Right back atcha homie
Love your blog! We appreciate #Southern style!
Highschool made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
What? Rly??! This guy was an OG. Still have his book. : RIP
good night my luvs...saying a prayer for all of my followers <3
why do all the hot guys gotta be gay:/
I don't know why I hate it so much here but I do
Wondering why HomelandSecurity wanted to follow me. Hmm. Was that someone's idea of a joke or big brother?
PRODUCER/RECORDING ENGINEER. WORKING ON EVERYTHING FROM HIP7R&B TO ROCK&REGGAE...OPERATING IN-BETWEEN FLORIDA,USA & JAMAICA W.I.
Enjoying this weather, time to take the dog out again.
Tracking, tracking, tracking.
I thank you to all who follow me<U+2665>
I can't wait for my Hawaii photo album with all these amaze camera pics to come! hheheh! x
Best cabbie ever
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream.
wish you were here! Miss you!
I'm sick of companies getting mad at me for not paying my bills.
Now Playing - High Plains Drifter
Starting my day off with dancy Swedish group
Indiana is a 12-point Vegas favorite vs. Penn State today. Seem about right? #Hoosiers beat Penn State by avg of 12.5 pts. in reg. season.
This is your last day to receive 40% off holiday merchandise at the Katzen Museum Store. Visit from 11-4 pm!
“: I need a Yamaha Waverunner FZR in my life #awesome fun #gadget #show #worldtour” I 2nd that!
#JETSNATION PUT YOUR HOODS UP! Go
I'm such a nice person ( :
I know I'm so impressed! They need to step it up though >:/ this shouldn't be a repeat of series 1 !
#MiamiHeat you are our champions and you all have the "hearts of champions".
Heck yeah I'll follow Quinn! I didn't know you were out there.
fewer photographs tho, sigh, guess you can't have it all! :)
Great, thanks. Also, will number porting be possible?
thanks! Here's my twitter handle:
Stars are gone
Alright, DMing the boys! got you there! :)
The daily grind... but after today I get a 3 day weekend! Maybe someone missed the memo on when we were having Memorial Day this year? :)
Sumetimes i feel like givin' up... But sumthin keeps tellin me to keep pushin' tho... I jus want to make music Y is there so much in da way?
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Damn I slept for 12 hours lol
I like quotes. This one is good. RT : Patience with others is love. Patience with self is hope. Patience with God is faith!
RT Redd Alert...Redd leading the Suns with 8pts off the twine in his season debut in the 1st Qrt on League Pass. Cavs and Suns tied 30.
Having my coffee to get my 4th of July going...
Ugh! I could really use a time machine right now
thank you! :) happy friday
Go look up "The Choc'late Mousse: Pie Bar" on Facebook! It's so cool!
a great morning song is "Sweet Caroline" by Neil Diamond. We will be watching you score a goal at Houston next week.
hahah i like it soo much better than FB.but yeah, text me if you are actually going to a movie sometime soon. haha.
Who ever is In my friends twitter better give it back is just wrong fuck I'm mad please give it back please
I splash some on every morning!
as a fellow lover of all things pumpkin...I feel the need to tell you that the pumpkin spice k-cups are amazing.
you will have me in your hands tomorrow...wait....
RT : China has demonstrated why Cloud Computing will never be trusted. The Internet can be shut down at a whim
"everything happens for a reason" lol
At oberwise ice cream shoppe and I really jus want a sample of it all... Best ice cream ever
yay congrats you beautiful bitch! oxoxox
DYK: Teachers can checkout materials from and study at the Science House #HowCoolisThat #MNEarthDay Open teacher friendly hours 3:30-6 pm
He's suspending his campaign now. Interesting.
congrats Ryan and Erin! time to celebrate...
Ill be putting pics up what wboy stadium looks with super bowl stuff and wet snow in about 25 min. Check it out !!
Derek Jeter is one of Barbara Walter's Most Fascinating People this year. See him on the special on December 14th, , 9:30PM ET.
Watch #Sarkozy v #Hollande, care to comment? Heard it was long, fairly unstructured, using/critiquing stats. Very different from US debates?
they said they love you too <3 n so do I
What's everybody up to #tonight?
“: Super #Lintendo.” sorry but #Lintendo is pretty damn lintastic
"I'm just saying that your mom is the kind of women who knows her way around a boner" -UPS guy to Fedex guy in my office
Back to school stuff most of the day today, then tomorrow High School registration, my baby will be a freshman! Yikes!
good morning ladies! Hope all is well!
psst..we're looking to hire a production manager, operations and finance directors for , pass it on.
Coming Soon - MilwaukeeCoupons.com
Keep in mind there are over 400 listings so keep checking back.
To Orlando in June w/
Today at #OSCon, awesome update on the state of PHP frameworks (symfony2, behat, assetic) and a great tutorial on Node.JS by
:I need to holla at you hit me on facebook.com WILLIAM COTTON: ima comedian/actor
but then you wouldn't have got kissed on again!!
Haha Stan and Roger sing how I live by twiztid.
Anyone else noticing the impact of the smoke haze around the county? Throat was killing me after a hard MTB ride.
We have 10 years of wrecked and junk car removal experience. We offer cash for old vehicles for all of Atlanta and surrounding areas....
$9 bucks a pop, but it beats paying $60+ at the hairdresser's, who will burn my tresses silly. My hair has never been softer.
thank you for the support ! :)
On 2/1/2012 we'll have our grand opening at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall.
If we're being serious about it, there are two time periods: before and after Bryan Adams.
- Kid is having a hell of a day at the plate! #CareerDay!
My dog is such a cry baby omg.
Thanks! See y'all tomorrow!
haha i hear ya there! i'll be getting drunk in redgranite, i'll drink to 10 years out of HS. :)
Yeah! Where is the new one at? I thought the old one was gone.
One more week of a school left <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Don't get us in trouble
RT if you think gaga should release the American tour dates
And there you have it! Jones for the win!
No moreso or less than yours is my pt. RT That, sir, is called circular logic.
We are rolling along and looking forward to MAY 12!
good workout feeling good now fresh out the shower bout to eat and study the playbook C
Yep, sure do. Private student lenders operate in the normal banking system. Thus, should be subject to normal laws (discharge)
you might be interested in
Let's ditch the Dores nickname,
I fucked up completely!!!! Ah fuck! I'm so upset. God I'm stupid
Aw, sorry to miss you! Hopefully we can catch up at #MCN2012 :) , you in?
reservation set - Thanks!
follow my girl Reese_TewKutee
About time. Queer.
Raffi Torres is a sad disgrace for a fat-faced, creepy ginger.
RT : It's not really love if it's not the truth.
G/M tweeters!!!!
Whether you’re curling, straightening, or whatevering, applying product 10 minutes in advance helps it fully absorb into your strands.
That moment when your listening to music in class and u want to start singing along with song but u cant.
What's your favorite color? Check this page out. very cool analysis of colors in advertising and design. See where your tastes fit!...
Lol just dirty.!!!
yay! Omg my ankle hurt for a week when I feel, I rolled it! #whatastupidwaytogetaninjury! ;))
Thanks for sharing! Branding yourself online will soon replace the #resume. Certified resume editors, beware!
I don't think they are seeking your attention it must be the air thats making them tweet you silly boy
That's easy for an ex trombone player like me.
I'm getting sleepy and by the time we wrap the sun will be coming up... but all I want to do when I lay down is read Game of Thrones.
thanks for the RT
literally caught every red light on my way to school this morning
Thanks for the support! RT : Just seen u on Fox 5 news, I'll be @ your book signing!! MAUH!!
evening of Wednesday April 18th! I'll send you details closer to the date :)
Thanks for the follow. Let us know how we may be of assistance. Especially our Sidebeat Music Show
Chakra Khan is my favorite. Nicely done.
Radar shows strong storm over Eldersburg moving toward Baltimore city and southwestern Baltimore county
WHAT?! NO!
Bout to go finish the beat n start a new one
Some of these girls now days have been ran through more than a finish line at a race track.
1 Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week when you check into Oz on Yelp or Foursquare!
Gotta make it happen today.
I am taking over the world so watch out!
just a game! Have fun! Quack quack quack, Mr. Ducksworth!
like he splash it all down his neck smh
I love that it is 8:30pm and still light out!
I have to go to bw3's tonight
it's all love hope you find her lmao <U+263A>
Want to see some real talent? The women in "The Rosalila" www.eastlarep.com are crazy good! Opens November 12th - check it out!
some of the whales were dead and bloody. It was very gross and distracting. And they were all pics saved to his computer.
Save a #horse. Ride a #cowboy. #Giddyup!
Why what's happening?
what happened?
I know this is a state worker lament and won't get sympathy from others, but I really wish that Friday was Cesar Chavez Day, Observed.
I do have claas
still gonna google that mug lol
Haters you can kiss my ass foul bitches
Happy Leap Day! Use it wisely!....To Tivity and Beyond!!!
What's good bruh!
#retweet if u ever tripped over ur feet & tried to play it off with a light jog. . .
Cody, follow plz? Gotta meet you and talk music, you down?
If you're writing a dissertation, or any other long document, you should check out Scrivener. It's really helping me organize my writing.
PS lola just got into the game she recently signed with Taylor Gang...She is gonna save hip hop what u kno bout selling out
Un-fun -a 4-yr-old who wakes up at 1, demands the RIGHT "lovie/blankie," up again at 2 for something to drink & generally won't go to sleep.
we are totally having tacos for dinner. ;-)
Shits and giggles.
I love the work you do digging into what the statistics are really saying.
Just arrived at #SXSW - excited to see all the new things happening and talk
oh awesome (: I was gonna say if they have M&G you should go you deserve to meet him (:
Super Moon, Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo - a trifecta!
The word for today is wayzgoose. an annual employees' dinner or outing. Do you have the proper incentives in place?
Oh big head dang y so mean I am doing pretty good I come home at the end of May to visit can't wait.
New post: ChargerCity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin
We loved having you all! RT : Really enjoyed the #companymeeting yesterday
And his was kidneys
I may be English but proud to support home nations abroad so #come on Wales
We're doing ok! Working too much...but relaxing today! Trying to figure out how to get more Likers on our FB page....LOL! U?
Thanks for coming everyone! Have a great night!
The Kingdom on Bluray.. Dope shit!!
2nd that on careless whisper. Ba-ba-bananas!! See you tonight!
sipping off mcdo's ketchup.
OMG! Just met and shook the hand of Madeleine Albright. Love working at
Free Classifieds
One thing about family, you gotta stick by they side, even when they doing wrong..
Leaving to go to Jersey tomorrow with the family...I'm so excited! c:
good, well I'll be around. Hit me up if anything. Stay blessed
guys that wear some subtle makeup are hot! Lol.
Thats why hes a superstar Mike D....thats why...give him the ball! #Melo glad Mike D is gone!
doubt it RT : Is this what blue balls feel like?
Creating,maintaining &promoting successful business websites is tough & resource-consuming.For not all websites & webmasters R created equal
That moment you get your phone and laptop back you just feel complete:))
we finally agree on something! Go badgers! On Wisconsin......
haha thanks love you too
Ok LADIES think you got what it takes think you're HOT enter the CHALLENGE and lets find out 50k for the WINNER plus a modeling contract.
I disagree wholeheartedly. That's exactly the kind of elitist attitude that keeps people away from classical music.
Dunkin Donuts and snickerdoodles in the offices! I'm going to miss for many reasons, treats being one of them.
Neva will I HATE ...
I gotta admit, I hate doing math so if you guys could allow the option to have a detailed timestamp date, that'd be great!
They can't scare me, if I scare them first ~ Lady Gaga
New BMO Pavilion offering free "blue circle seat pass" to get u good seats up front. 2500 per show. More to come.
3 more chances.
Combining traditional print, mobile QRcodes, logistics and mom buying from home will track consumer behavior
Death to the vending machine u bastard
alright best friend will do. N u gotta get rid of that metro
The best Sales organizations have tight integration with Marketing and Strategy
My phone is really 'f'ing up
You're welcome. Happy Founder's Day!
hnhgar i cant get over it
And I hate when niggas joke at the register like can you pay for it. Bitch you got more money in your pocket then ill make in 3 months wrkn
“It Always Seems Impossible Until it’s All Done.” – Nelson Mandela
Doing well! Busy but it's cool b/c I'm doing what I love. I've been busy before @ not working toward my goals, so I'm thankful.
i still don't get how you let her give you a hickey on your CHEEK dude lol
Good job Tom!
Bloomberg.... Wow
27 days until I graduate from Can't wait to start on the mile-long list of things to do with my newfound free time!
For every missed shot in taxes there is always a rebound for reasonable cause in the form of an amendment...
you mean a frownie upside down (:
In fact, if you have a home bundle package with (it doesnt matter) and you're paying more than $100-$120/month...smh...you need to Inbox me
Wow some random girl on the bus turned around and said "this is really random but your really pretty"
what's good broham?
It is fantastic you have a draft done, all I have is an outline that I keep revising.
How many 99 cent slices do you dare to eat for lunch?
Attempt missed. Carlos Salcido (Mexico) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Guardado.
u r so black u got mistaken 4 a giant charcoal
I'm ugly as hell folkz
If she sends you a text with a period at the end
weak ass fight!!!
I'm in total sympathy. Truly. Sorry that there's always the inevitable cause-and-effect in whatever choices we make.
thank you brotha!
goodmorning sunshine im sure ur still sleeping huh lol gym time woman get in there and get to work lol thanks for the hug:)
Thanks for the props , and ... appreciates!
Lookin' forward to the last set of musical shows this weekend!
i hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it.
awh thank you :)
checking out a preview of the spring flower show!
Getting back into the swing of things is easier than it looks ... My body is in another time zone
HOLLY CRAP LIL JON @ WET ULTRA LOUNGE TONIGHT call NOW 915-449-2066, DUH WINNING!!! WET ULTRA LOUNGE & LIL JON TONIGHT
Man...I was just thinking the other day, "Playoff Hockey needs more Nickleback".
vivo's off manor is always a staple for a date night for me.
RT : Good luck to the Eagle Men's golf team this week at Nationals.... Go make some history fellas!
didn't win but still felt great I was nominated. I appreciate your support & votes. We'll get em next year :)
What did you expect BITCH
Justin Tuck was the MVP. If you watched the video or listen to the show you also know that I'm a Manning fan...
On the fuckin mans I hate wall lockers
RT Thank God Beyonce had her baby and can go back to work. For past 6 months family's had to live entirely on Jay-Z's salary.
So we were so close on our upset call for game one. Whats your prediction for tonight!? Mavs? Thunder?
exactly, and hold back from friends imo, i won't tell a friend something that i heard that will hurt
Um, yeah. Pretty much.
I just might take it there ;)
Q: Is wireless the same as satellite? A: Unlike satellite which transmits into space, we are transmitting only a few miles
lol. Do YOU think it'll end?
Ain't been on this mf in a min
This man is cursing at the shuttle as he's going down a 1-way street -___-
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do
Regular price tickets to Tanzania are $1890 but with a late-purchase discount via tripadvisor on Turkish airways only $1130!
I'm ready for an extra large with every topping imaginable.
Members Card Pacers -2 (50 units)
that's cool:)
Z I need more sleep or more caffeine....hm?
Where are my lasertacos? Or was that just a pretty lie?
Happy Earth Day!
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
what's going on, addings workouts, nutrition database etc. is all hosed
"It's not denial, I'm just very selective about the reality I accept."
Haha. The best part about Mondays!
oh god. Why do I know you
“: Getting high” and then getting some fucking cheeseburgers huh Randy
Happy Birthday It was great meeting you last week.
- Indian School and east of the 101, but we got in big trouble by the tribe, so it's not a suggested location :(
Had a great gallery crawl Saturday through the LES and the Bowery w/ Thanks for organizing a great event!
which reminds me that I have to try the new cider made.
The laws of physics don't apply to cats.
You know I will. :)
YEAH BUDDY ROLLING LIKE A BIG SHOT *preppy voice* im gangster yo. <--- u miss me(:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
NICE!!!! Good luck and make sure to smoosh Snook...haha
only way to wear it in my opinion!
Do you think it's ok for people to call men dicks/assholes/pricks/jerkoffs or what have you? Not being argumentative. Curious.
RT For those that missed the last Saturday, this is 7 hours of serving beer in 1 minute
I've been back in LA for 2 days and I'm coughing so much! Smog alert!!
Thanks for Following! I love to connect with RVA tweeps!
U JELLY HATER.
“: Good mornin everyone!!!!!”good morn
Day 6 lunch: avocado and yellow pepper, salt and pepper, olive oil.
Starting up a personal FB page world!!!! Don't get offended if you are not on that page. This one is for close friends and family.
RT : "I am responsible for accepting or choosing the values by which I live." - bell hooks
Hair appointment at 10. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
obviously. He choked.
RT : View yourself and the world with compassion and understanding
Well aren't you a smart one!
#elementaryschoolmemories Heads down, thumbs up!
There were like 15 parts left out and that was VERY disappointing! That made me mad! It was very confusing. :/
Jaguars GM Gene Smith compares punter Bryan Anger to Shane Lechler. For a 3rd round pick, he better be.
#GWWiseAgg is the only venture-backable idea, judging by the program
We get it that you made good grades...now #stfu and quit making every post about how great you and your grades are.
Hilarious! Unfortunately, you are probably right!
“: Raisins are my new addiction.”
When I have my first daughter, I'm naming her esabella.
First knitting after busy week at #drupalchi: turning the heel on Cat Bordhi's Dove socks.
Had the overwhelming urge to systematically reorganize every closet in my house. Weirdest mood ever.
Fucking Vorlons. Why can't they just say what they mean? I think they are brain damaged.
I need the whole bottle lol RT : I need a drank *in my voice*
when it's 95 degrees out, it seems appropriate
Hah! That was sneaked in as my "you said it" mum's day, surprise ;-)
Libraries as America's rest stops
kids contests sweepstakes
RT RT : Hide ya kids, hide ya wife, hide any and all fire extinguishers.
ok...I have you in the books for Dec 13th!!
#MurrayState -- Congratulations on today's victory, but you ruined a part of my bracket.
Yeah I wasted money...
What's more depressing than the people waiting for the last train at Penn back to Jersey? Nothing.
Doing my favorite arm workout this afternoon: kneading bread dough.
i know! Theyre too perfect!!!
RT : Strive for excellence dear. U2
Totally should've won the Mellow pool. Thanks, Bodemeister!
Good to hear, thank youRT : Getting lots of very positive feedback from my peeps and tweeps!
The issue with Liverpool is that midfield tired out and they have no one to bring on. Bellamy and Carroll weren't answer as subs.
can you dm justin bieber for me ?
couldnt have said it better.
I am up and about to call it a night in the D
I would like to wish my very good friend a very Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
A homeless man asked me if it was a clean needle I said prob not and this isnt africa I think youll be ok
lol. awww I feel so special.
hahaha ya (; get on our level!!
Congratulations for a wonderful event! Evodie, a 9th grader at #DigitalHarbor & a student kicked it off.
lmao true, except for the casillas girls
She's the best
If the #NBAowners really want competitive balance (as they say), the issue seems less about #bri than about the "system issues."
Brilliant - and in June we're profiled on your landing page? Yes? Please? ;)
": instagram "ok will follow I'm asiadiamond
#TurnOff if all you do is call me and talk bout sex
are you kidding me? Let me get this straight, you put your life on the line and these ass lickers get to question your actions?
Umm, so the guy using the coat hanger to get into the car, got it open, took out a backpack and then took off in the car next to it....
Thug life
I just saw you like freaking 4 hours ago! #BUT i freakin #missyou !
a developer bought the property that has the oldest bar in Miami...I think we can all assume a tear down of the legendary
Why was there no one on hand with a tissue?!
James Cameron Edits ‘Titanic 3D’ to Fix Inaccuracies in Night’s Sky
Oh it is! The proof is in the !
make that 28 fulltime - I forgot to include and myself. whoops ^dw
idk ewe haven't heard anything and he went in at 12:30
A "collective intelligence" approach to achieve more in life at www.IamINC.biz!!
It's the joomla way! Booze & community I'm self medicating.
Everyone has a story worth telling.
i need to sleep to it's 8am... :s gone be dead tomorrow. neways ttys.
smh... Your still new
Reds vs. Indians pre-season baseball. Countdown to the regular season has begun.
No Hornswoggle tonight! This entrance is back to normal. THANK THE LORD!
ABC News confirms Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign
No the hell i didnt dude .... that was Andy xD
Trouble in my way I have to cry sometimes I lay awake a night but that's alright I know Jesus will fix it after while.
lol that's great!
however, it's a great pacifier for most adults
She really left :/
I AM GOING PRODUCE SOME REALLY GOOD SHOWS SOON
I suddenly have a strong urge to play duck hunt.
I'm more confused than an infant in a titty bar.
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie. I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family. I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated. My love for Austin is infinite<3
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Presented my #GIS project to the board with great approval! Now onto the convening tomorrow! Exciting!
You know you're getting old when you start getting "family" xmas cards from your friends.
God please just help me out.
Thanks for all of those who attended our Fathers day event!! It was a success!!
RT : "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Robert Frost
Players in digital literacy: 89% of public libraries provide formal or informal technology training to library patrons.
Okay maybe Channel can come to that. I am gonna be at KAA all summer so I wont make that but I can in the fall!
Due to the wildfire in the Washoe Valley area, a decisions made to evacuate all Pleasant Valley ES student to Damonte Ranch High School...
Nick Clegg's looked pretty bored for a long time now.
Lol, let me go look. Maybe I missed it!
watching MIB II over and over ti get ready for the new one.
<---- Is going to listen to some LA sports talk radio for the LULZ
2 sounds good, at Cafe Angelique? I'm kinda short on $ right now, coffee is about the extent of my budget. :-)
Mine are June,May,&December.Septembers okay.I hate going back to school tho!:(
YO IN IT GURL ! LOL XD IM ALSO EDITING #EVILSIRI TONIGHT!!!! I CANT WAIT TO FINISH IT! BUT IDK WHEN.... D: BUT SOON!!
Wind and rain last night swept away the snow. Maples budding - may not have much time left to collect sap before seasons over.
Want $4 off on any 18” pizza? Just give us a call, we’ll make it happen!
Incompentent When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts there's no end to what you can't do.
Filming my first ever commercial today...for a local pharmacy. Starring in it!
and tonight>>> You guys actually made me cry a little more then i wanted too.
no problem!!
want to sponsor a blogger with a laptop? While enroute to project, TSA agent killed my laptop. No laptop now! Help
What is your favorite hot air balloon this year?
good song.
The value of a woman is worth more than gold.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
Hey Bay Area, we have a ticket giveaway coming up for a show ! Stay tuned...
Watching the #MayweatherCotto fight wtf with Justin he looks wasted
Movie night:)
Not complaining..... But it's actually weird knowing I won't be going back to Kent.
Come on we need this win, getting to far behind in the east!
cheers! RT Appreciate all the contest support! Looking forward to some home transformations :)
OH MY GOD. i just had a heart attack. I LItterally threw my laptop across my bed!!!!!
I have never had a manicure or pedicure. Ever.
Happy Easter <33
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
i love that book. i got to see her speak at the la times book fest a few weeks ago.
watching Back to the Future on VH1.. best thing since Pop Up Video ;)
Hi Rihanna, can I punch you in the face for old time sake??
#20ThingsAboutMe im protective over whats mine, i will fuck you up over someone i love, or some good food lmao
the nightmares continue... tonight was Transformers and dinosaurs... complete with txt mssg from Optimus Prime. DONT LAUGH it was scarey.
Thank you for all your support!!
That i would actually be ok with
Hey you . What's up ? How have you been ?
Watching "The Killing" and fascinated by its Seattle geography.
hello world
Yeah? Like mega meltdown fail or just vanilla no progress fail?
yes I speak Spanish why??
pook!!! how the H are you jeffjam?? how is Create WV? Methodology? and YOU??? spill the beans sir
so did that this morning! Classic
Please give us a hint on when "Perfect Strangers" will be out on iTunes!! <3 the song so much!
No known positions or experience on other issues. "Issues" page on his website is all boilerplate, could be anybody.
lol good move.
RT : God just drafted himself a hall of famer
thanks for knowing it's a busy tone, people keep calling it "that beeping noise"
End of the world. Bring it on!
Leftists are saying they stayed home last night because they liked both candidates. They can prove it in a month.
You should go to the gym to the top top and check if my sunglasses are there please. I went to my cousins thing yesterday and
...Then she asked if I've taken a shower with a guy before. Is this fucking real life? a) I don't want to hear about your boobs b) Bye bye
Happy bday to Joel Ayala from and
You should do that.
Can u 4 a moment imagine what this world would be like if everyone treat people the way they would want to be treated
ha, I'm willing to watch it again. Unlike QoS, I didn't get enraged all over again.
thank you for the follow back
I am pushing to assist small businesses become more profitable (for all involved). Not just the owners. Success must become the culture!!!
HEY THE GLEE PROJECT STARTS ON JUNE 5TH. WOO.
Can't wait til Karma smacks her in her busted face
Val, why don't I see my favorite roller babe anymore? Let's get some lunch next week.
Since when did the NCAA become the Catholic Church?!
so what did you do ? they are blaming it on me
We are indeed a pampered society. BAM! Thanks I'll be here all week.
We might be past that point :) RT : Are the #Patriots aiming to score a point for every degree it is outside? I LOVE IT
Big things piping
sorry! Imma call u tom! Ive been only free this time of day and im pretty sure its too late to call !!! :/
It's on! See you in Milwaukee, baby animals ... oh and alumni & friends too
Just read someone described as a "serial blogger". That's generally how blogging works, right?
they cheat'n the giants...
Biggest problem atm is boys
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to stare, I just couldn't help but notice how much you look like my next boyfriend(; Lmao
- Love the new CD Kirk. I've been a musical admirer of yours since , Floppy Disk, in 1985
want some m&ms then? they're like skittles except they have chocolate and they have m's on them. ;-)
Great!! Please recommend some of the top MFA programs. I am considering a MFA degree as well :-)
#GoCards baby.RT #MSU LOSS blew up a lot of Brackets.
Don't let Monday get you down... Our Happy Hour is the place to be tonight from 5-8PM!
you are my most favorite time killer.
Hahah me!!!! I'm laying in bed can't sleep!!!
New favorite Kaizen sushi roll is the Hot Night roll!! You make all kinds of noise when you're eating it!
Ha! Thanks for the Mouthing Off shout out in this week's Weekly Yelp!
Any advice on the best resources for learning iOS programming?
wait wahhhhh? what we talkin bout?
RT : Thanks for all of your feedback #KingsFans! We have 55 reasons for #IsaiahROY, what's yours?
Re: query letters being arbitrary, begging, & unpleasant. Much better answer than I'm just too lazy to do it!
is a mentality!
I totally agree! Ugh...
My last college performance ever!!!
some folks are so mean and snarky on here. i mean every tweet is rudeness.
LM restaurant in Chicago last night! Great Meal! veal tenderloin but the suprise of the night was the tempura snail! yummy! locals checkit
why the moon?? I want Pluto!!!!
party this weekend ???
Sometimes the answer really is "go #$%& yourself" just saying
Nope, only in print. Pick one up in the nearest building on campus :)
MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken. -Lewis Black
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
-Ok, that got a genuine LOL outta me.
It actually tasted like so much cheese and grease that I wouldn't be able to TASTE Snookie's fetus in there. Not bad though.
And this surprises you why?
Going to the $2 movies! Someone should go!?
nah not rotten he sipping away on a few buds here he was very disappointed nobody would go out
Will also need a PhD to hear all the teams problems...and a flask to wash them all away.
I can`t stand the rain Against my window Bringing back sweet memories
Nothing cleanses, builds character like walking in the rain... unless you hear thunder. Walking in a thunderstorm: bad idea.
I love it when patrons at the grocery store feel up the produce.
maybe he will if i see him again! Or if i tweet him constantly...
(cont.) million dollar football complex. At least we got our priorities straight
do you have your hospital socks on upside down? ;)
haha :) i'm glad to hear that you are keeping well and enjoying your holidays from school :) xx
Thinking about Good Friday.
what are you doing
Not a fan of Travis Porter, all they do is make tracks to get girls to dance and they dont even spit in their songs
hey no worries and congrats man!! What a fantastic Xmas present for your family
yeah ikr?:D I'm in Florida and I hate it!
''Going 7-59 like we did is not what we planned on doing,'' - Gerald Henderson
skype date soon? I'm missing my sister
I think that is the plan, but I would certainly appreciate ur campaigning on my behalf to TH/CL when u see them this year. ;)
But i thought had all the knowledge wisdom & understanding any1 could need. #ArmLegLegArmHead my brotha
They'll offer you $5k to stop being so judgmental : Dear Balls: I am prepared to offer you $5,000 to stop sweating. Think it over.
You're welcome :)
One of my local favorites! Get the Eggs Benedict! We're going to the Log Cabin instead.
Too much caffeine and sugar this a.m., but still being super productive with
watching your ustream, DUH! ;D
Nice workout today! I am working my way back.
what time do you get out
Lovely! RT : Don't miss this beautiful wedding at Celebrations by Turnip Rose! Thank you Leah Lee Photography, It Should...
little extra always makes the big difference ;b
I read somewhere that has 'up to 4 player' parties/groups. Does that still qualify the much-anticipated title as an MMORPG?
I can't change the direction of the wind but i can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
This is very good to know about!
Eugene and weird is synonymous with each other. It even has its own twitter page haha.
Now #oomf hurt and i can feel the pain and another #oomf don't even know whats goin on
The Hunger Games was great !
Anyone wanna hit me up??? ask for the nummmm
Just saw that Nokia stores in NYC & Chicago are closing early 2010. W/ severely limited smart phone manufacturing too, anyone worried?
Good day<3
Uh.. Asking *at all* is too much?
yeap! Its good though, I enjoy change and I'm looking forward to the year. Trying to wrap my brain around it :)
do ya thing ma u got that :)
Touchdown! We love Gates!
You're welcome!
We are an powered company. #GoogleApps email, contacts, calendaring #GoogleVoice phones. We love !!!
High as a light bill
next saturday night, we'll lick them aaaaaallllll again
I am always in such a good mood now<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Time heals all
She said I didn't hit that but only you believe her
You are awesome. Thank you so much!
Shout out to ! Thank you for the follow. BTW, that was a great idea to put that pole in your living room :)
ah she's awesome! Looks happy :). Love the collar.
A few more "#ff because..." coming up!
We're at Tipitinas tomorrow night show starts at 8:30
Just leave us alone ok?!! God im not in your life anymore so get out of my buisness !!
I voted for The Edge of Glory, why does it say I voted for undefined?
we would be in control though, instead of buying it.. We grow it!
The #prettiest smiles hide the deepest #secrets The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the #kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Yo Uncle over here doing the most. He asked me did I steal $160 and give it to Rochelle. I was like dud I don't know her!
hey, shoot me an e-mail or DM me with your e-mail. I may have a resource for you depending on the time commit.
Thanks for the RT!
I nv knew ILVU so much but ILU enough2let U go I hope W/E U end up with make u happy, if he break yourheart Ibreak his face
that sounds like a perfect order! Wait...what about shopping?! At least for some more yarn...lol!
Yepp we do very very soon!I g2g.Talk to you later(((: Love ya.<3
Filming more #2minutesWithTheCurator this AM Here's on the camera! These will be in the gallery soon.
what...Univision is Hispanic...what? what? omg yes. MY CULTURE GETS SOME THE WANTED
.moving on will hurt for now but will feel better later when true love comes around ....
so true. I hate being tagged in the stupid spam tweets that you can't de-tag!
Awesome! Excited to try polish. Follow me so I can DM.
Great to see students showcasing their Clinical and Translational Science projects.
The bandmates Twitter accounts coming tomorrow:
I'm not sure how you came up with that but it sounds pretty close. lol
Thanks for pointing that out! It IS available in US. I shall change. :)
LOL You hypocrite :)
i really hate my school forreal
talk to me when you get up near 7... I confess I lost my composure on THAT occasion!
At times Viditza will tell you stuff that you probably want to know about. Other times, it might ask you to do something.
It's one of those weeks when you just have to listen to the entire Beatles catalog from start to finish.
How did I manage to spend so much time listening to epitaph compilations when I was in high school what was wrong with me
Post holiday blues? Winter blahs? Come eat pizza with us!
Soo Young Riwh-very interesting articles on credibility assessment
That which served you may now be limiting...Be open to change!
RT : #whyobamaislate Finding a Captain America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
yes yes yes
Pray for me.. It's P90X time!!
We tailor our program of care based on the needs of the elderly person & are flexible to change our care program as different needs arise
Skins UK <3
I don't know how any could listen to Tool's 10,000 Days and not hear an artistic masterpiece.....
Percentage of my calories today that came from gin = a whole bunch. #ArtOfMixology class FTW!! (Blog coming this evening!!)
Dam foo we did one time tho you won it
Anupam Gupta: "What can you do w online video? Measure sales lift? Increase awareness or intent? That's what's important"
One time for them bad bitches. Where them bad bitches at
It's in the plan. Enjoy yourself as well.
Puppy time!
haven't found them as effective as Facebook Ads
Husband bought "juice drink blend" instead of 100% juice. Why does he constantly act like its his first day here
Precisely. Brutal night. #BabyNoLikeyDairy RT : (OR HAVE A NEWBORN)
all you beautiful freak, grab somebody and light the place up
The Hunt For Red October in my pants
Seem to have blown out my good ear. It's that time of year, I guess.
Baby you can do better
Clearly I need to get my tail over there.
RT : best nonpartisan reason to celebrate today #happybirthdaybella it's 4th birthday of #Santorum daughter Bella
Wow! Thank you for sharing :)
SHUT UP. Piece of shaaaat.
The NY Football Giants are the Egg McMuffin of the NFC!
Salome Cardinal sings Fado tonight and tomorrow night ...
If you come down to you can try our chile verde- pork cooked in a green tomatillo sauce!
I take it that youre not in GA with S. Dot?
I <3 U MORE
not one bit..
Thanks for the first-day-on-twitter love!
I think now that im over squishy i am more sane. But somehow i still miss him
No i Bye ya me quitaron la comppu Bye
This is great! My mini-fashionista's 2nd birthday party will be a bunny/Easter theme next month so great ideas for me!
Happy birthday Grimmuleraaa!! Hope it's a fine time on the west coast!! We'll see you in just a few wks! Can't wait! +VP
Thanks. Happy holidays!
o yea! I know what :)
Two pitches and Andy Pettitte has his out since 2010.
After a great weekend, back at it in the office. Happy Monday
Up bout to bbq ribs for my coworks n french toast for me n liah
NYE 2morrow so time to eat all the crap I can! Yep my resolution is to live a healthier lifestyle! SInce moving to MI I've been slacking.
don't let em get comfortable lol
I LOVE UR TWEETS!!!
woo i started earning PTO!!! at the rate of 5 hrs/month. lol.
Looking forward to bringing residents of Sharp NSD to the 2nd Annual Women's Empowerment Conference. Stay tuned for a review!!!
I'm up like 2 hours early...
what up my friend! just wanted to say hello
omg!!! best episode of vampire diaries I've ever watched!!! amazing season finale!!! who watched it?!?
Us tall pretty girls need to stick together lol.
Irish Creme Shamrock truffles are rockin' it for St. Patty's Day!
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. – World Health...
what is your favorite novel/book you have read which was originally written in a language other than your own?
We need to have a chat and catch up sometime, but remind me to ask what that means/discuss it. Can't ask what I want in 140char
keep doing your thing I like that ish. Hit me up we should collab.
Shooting "Felici e Contenti" it s finished!!now let s pack for LA! # satisfaction
BEST SANDWICH YOU'LL HAVE ALL WEEK: Caprese Chicken Sandwich on Ciabatta! Fresh Basil, Fresh Motz, Tomato, Balsamic and roasted tomato mayo!
I hate when distressing things happen & it's on ur mind - but all these little annoying things come at you too. Ugh, got bigger fish to fry!
Needs an age requirement! lol. RT : Does grown & sexy have an age limit
Not caring what other people think is the best choice you will ever make..
Big kudos go out to our super awesome C2 talent for their hard work and dedication. Thanks to all who came to our Talent Appreciation party!
Every girl's crazy bout a sharp-dressed man.
regardless of what happens I am sure he will always be proud of u
when will you be at Az??
your blowing up 's phone
City Gear, City Gear, wants to she you smile! So come on in and get our great deals 20% AL Clearance Clothes this deal all weekend
Johnny Mac
-- Welcome to Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!! Told my mom to listen to me play ON-AIR on from 1p-3p! Hi Mom!!
Haha I love you
I think I hate every show the Food Network advertises.
I think i miss placed my $50 bucks or some1 bitch stoled it. >:<U+FE34>
RT if u hate folding clothes.!!
So nice to live in a country where my Sunday coffee shop and dinner out rituals are never thwarted by Easter Bunnies and their evil ways.
- we are trying to organize a debate with the Gray for Mayor camp. Can you help?
Sometimes I wish I could eat raw beef and not die. It looks so delicious.
All the classy people
glue sticks can still make it more fun! ;). I'm sure it will be great when it's all done!
If any of you, ever had any legit questions of anything deep..you need to check out this, "A Druid's Year" peice I stumbled apon! Go to..
Giants are in the superbowl!! Time to party in New York!!!!
Check out music from LA & #austin pal before the shows tonight @ #moontower. 8PM & 10:30PM.
Taking my youngest to practice
Peeped u on First Take last week.
The trait for baldness can be passed down through paternal or maternal genes.
in LA where I live its a stretch living on $150 a day.
Some of us find our lives abridged even before the paperback comes out. - Berkeley Breathed
happy to see you here.
and you are one of them that isn't normal...
My favorite! Ok, a favorite...
Being a #mahomie is a forever thing.
the Olympic mascots are 2 one eyed monsters, way to be dicks about it London.
That's why I never backed the song up or had in my online catalog. How you gone burn a bridge with a free beat? Haha
This will be the first mothers day with out my mom.:((
Forget about A-Rod hitting #600...more importantly the Yankees need to win their games, they are now a game behind the Rays!
Not everyone is who they say they are.
is cooking up a storm in the kitchen
I eat fries at least once a day..... I need to stop this habit!
nba playoffs = great basketball
Where was the play on the ball?
Who's up for FA next year? RT : just a gut feeling. very well could be wrong
its worse around grapevine
55 things you can learn about a guy in less than 10 minutes coming up at 7:55 with Baltazar & Nina
I applaud your efforts But it ain't looking good.
we start shooting tomorrow. it has been a long time coming
TRUE THAT :-)
Via their stuff of course. I suspect this kind of can ed program is useful when the theatre of graumw
30% off select items with an additional 20% off your purchase if you sign up for our mailing list!!! Hurry now only thru Friday!!!
What should we value? I have a tip: go for love. Because love-of your work,o f your family and friends-passes the ultimate currency test.
I am most certainly NOT about to go to an underground bingo party
thanks man, yeah Rasmus is the man, and I'm going to have lunch at fiskebar for sure.
Giving blood today (not my own).
Tahaa great workout :))
Getting ready to crush grapes and opponents at the Murphys Grape Stomp!
I don't care how lame it is, I am incredibly excited to see Titanic in theaters again.
Stand Up, and Little Miss would be 2 of my favorite songs by Come On give me them tickets...
Thanks for the RT, but mostly thanks for your news coverage!
That is a flat-out incredible image...
cant wait to see #CattleDecapitation in April! #METAL !! \m/
Finish your draft. Look at it. Feel like Faulkner for ten minutes. Give it a week. Look at it again. Feel like crap for ten months.
Love working so I don't see my mom on mothers day...
Love this one! <3
Cool. It is a pain.
awesome can't wait I get to take his bar v.card!! Well at least legal bar v.card.
Congrats to ! Well deserved and glad it was in the end if it couldn't be :)
Got that swagg that makes girls go weak in the knees.
Travel insurance can ease the pain of a vacation marred by a medical emergency - Washington Post
Sounds like a great day!
Just landed in Norfolk!! Rain :)
There was a storm???
what do you think of the health care bill released today?
i thought we saw them on the 11th? :L
What goes well with Public Online Information Act? CITABILITY! It is like chocolate and peanut butter!
[Human beings] will begin to recover the moment we take art as seriously as physics, chemistry or money.
we love u too <3 im from colombia but i live in boston,ma and i hop u cam back :)
RT : Remember when you paid $15-$20 for a novel? Now you can get GREAT novels for under $5! Support your favorite indie...
Lakewood Cash Mob loved Barocco Grill!
Very proud of staffers this week, every single person worked hard to bring Ohio some big stories
For Alumni Assoc. Life Members who plan to park at Alumni Hall on football gameday, we will tweet when the lot is full.
RT : I didn't remember your birthday... I just noticed your name in the upper right corner of my Facebook page...
And talking to nick and conner about random shit. XD
I LOVE baked sweet potato juice!!
TONIGHT - FOUR BEAT CLOVER with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Beufie, Turtlefeet, DJ Dexter & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!31
Thank goodness George Washington isn't here to see this. He'd be all sorts of pissed off.
nope just nacho... I prefer cooler ranch my self
Even injured, Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas are the best on #DWTS!
“: #racistchristmassongs Blue Christmas
the heat has cooked my brain cells... I am dumber than usual at the moment
we'll figure it out
Happy Easter!!:)
haha I talk to my mom an average of 5-6 times a day LOL
Latinos attending SXSW active in digital media gathering together under "The Social Revolución"
never to early to ask about SAA - I'll be going
Love your bio, had to follow you back! :)
Watchin SummerSlam '95!! Undertaker VS The undertaker.. I got my money on The undertaker.
What a week! No rest for the weary (or wicked)-headed to London for local edition of Cloud Identity Summit and press/analyst meet ups.
I need to text you do you have your phone.?
and don't forget Sigur Ros! ;)
You should! It's amazing!! Glad to chat today... looking forward to it! xo
You know what...fuckin gross....lahhhhh
Out to breakfast with the mommy at Petit Provence on Alberta
Just watched "Milk." So good. I cried. Also, thinking about growing a moustache.
Celebrating my one month with #lovers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tweets, just curious - what is YOUR definition of social media?
Chain smoking while Noah gets his hair cut >
IB nick or Mikey
3 #hospital Patient needed renal dialysis but was told room at ER is being used by another patient. Patient need tube feeding, con't
love this! thanks for the RT
I don't look good in any of those either...fml
No, Pittsburgh will continue to be graced with my presence, just moving to a new apt.
Mother's day is tomorrow, and no I'm in the US. :) x
The first accomplish everything; the second oppose everything; the third fail in everything. Eclectic Magazine
haven't heard about this yet
This weather SUCKS
Happy Birthday to a wonderful guy,a badass drummer & a friend! Ulysses S. Owens Jr.
The perfect boyfriend doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, doesn't cheat... and doesn't exist.
im so lonely
Good to get the first one out the way, on to the next one
Well, for the rest of the office it's Friday. For me it's just another Thursday. That's okay though, I'm sure I'll enjoy the quiet tomorrow.
is that anywhere near the Copacabana? You kno B Manilow style?
childrens garden winner goes to one of the gardens that we judged! woohoo
When pipes freeze they often times burst, when that happens give us a call we can help you. (414) 354-7566
- Have not heard anything yet from the Registrar - will post as soon as we get word
The Ability to Convert ideas to things is the Secret to Outward Success.
work is without today! :(
#FOG tonight at Sutton woo
Authoring a 4-disc DVD set for a TV show today/tomorrow. Mastering a couple songs for Dropjaw today to amongst other things...
haha good dog and great owner
Im be Humble until I get it... Yeah Buddy #TeamGo&GetIt & #TeamHusleHard He He!!!
<<<<< My Last Tweet Tho
Vince Vaughn? That movie is epic!
#ATouraine doesnt use gender in his1969 analysis, but leisure & consumption, marked as feminine in modernity, invoke gender 4 21st C reader
Yep, since we'll already be in VA (in Norfolk). If I remember correctly, Jeffrey and Jackson share a birthday!
Yay for schnecken! I'm excited.
Jus passed that test.
& im getting my phone white .. that shit will be sexy af
My morning plans morphed from going to the gym to going to the donut shop then to go look for some new shoes. I like how my brain works.
scrolling through my contacts to see who I can text. I think everyone is sleeping lol
Something has to go wrong soon, because this is going way too well....
Moving forward Swiftly & Smoothly!
Wow Charles Barkley said he's taking the Lakers over the Thunder! Did not expect to hear that at all from here!
do you think the blood rushes to the heads of the Eagles D ends while they are in that stance?
Thank you! So very nervous. Will it be through email, or a call? I feel like I'm holding my breath.
And it's raining like a Mfer in Goldsboro Nc
I love 19 Action News Live Stream.
This "don't trust the b**ch in apt 23" is a stupid show. Too bad since its in a great time slot behind modern family
41SB past Holy Hill Rd blocked due to rollover accident, Get off at Holy Hill. Traffic Trouble Alert from Home Loans from
Fantastic! How will you be spending your time in Scottsdale (other than with beers and bobcats)?
In a shocking turn of events: a teenager has chosen to listen to the opinions of his friends over those of adults.
one walker(irving) is scoreless for the Gators. Don't be the second. With us or againist us.
nice :) how was he?
I'm a basketball junkie.
haha, surprisingly not as much as it should have been. He was too cute...plus his parents had a pretty close watch on him
Because Someone Drove An SUV To The Store, Reese's Pieces Will Disappear
Hell, I don't know. It's been odd and stressful. But it's going well now.
good for you! I used to love running.....who knows, maybe someday I will love it again...
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
I need a new matress.
Nice reminder tweet. Why not tweet with a cause? Post or retweet a tiding/recipe/song/memory of holiday joy at
Great talking to you Chelsey! I'll be in touch asap :>
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface.
I'm yours on Tuesday! ;-)
map through relationships - but people are part of multiple social graphs - need to know to which you're relevant
Potential band name #43 Tramps on Retainer
Follow my tweets! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;)
Way to go Atlanta!
see ya
RT Put up some nice photos of your hometown in your room. Write a diary about your hometown. This is such a lovely & simple idea!
it's froyo
happy early birthday!!
hi megan
What's happening Cleveland Park?
Throwing in the towel
omg i effin' love your icon! aaahhh i want to marry him!!
GOODNIGHT PEOPLE, FINALLY HM & IN BED!!!!
Stella has been recovered. Thanks everyone for your support. What a great community.
Destruction of speed cameras is only slightly less unfunny than irresponsible driving that makes them necessary. Slow down, don't be an ass!
: Cover art for CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED looks as if GATE AT THE STAIRS married YOU KNOW WHEN THE MEN ARE GONE.
Hey bro!
#fosterthepeople are even worse.
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
Thanks so much! I hadn't seen it!
now that's funny.
I guess both. And do you have a link to your article? Don't know if I ever read it. :)
Leave it lying and do something more important.
Bring these Wednesday?
Might be? That ship has long since sailed...
thanks for the follow. hope you had a beautiful 1 !
Version 1.5 of iKidNY was just released! Download yours now and please post a review! www.ikidny.com
Most awesome ArenaCross Races/MonsterTruckRalley/Quad Flip Contest. Everyone in El Paso must go tomorrow night. It is definetely fun.
RT : Black-Scholes just rocked my brain...time for a board room simulation in Power and Influence
Thought of the Day: Jesus stood out! He didn't do it the way the other priest did it! Some rejected but many followed Him! Be U! #Winning!
I remember we would cut up her towels to make more dress up wardrobe and costumes! Haha
Hold material goods and wealth on a flat palm and not in a clenched fist. -Alistair Begg
Great workout and even managed 1500 yards of swimming after lifting
hi I followed u. Hope u will follow back :)
why is her twitpic a picture of the excorsist ?
Baking a cake for my mommy to make her smile tomorrow.
Thanks so much Patty! :) Miss you!
Najeal McMillian of West Allis Central and Jalen Currie of Milw. Riverside will attend Kirkwood Community College in Iowa.
My cat yesterday walked on a drying prepped sheet, left paw prints and then tracked one on the piano. Was going to re-gesso then...
I'm one
can't believe it's September already... That means it's soccer season! =) Stay fit people!
The Simply Gorgeous 5-Product Makeup Look For the DIY Bride
woo GO #LOBOS!
Absolutely could not be more excited to see with and tonight!
.. And if that means cutting off a couple set backs, then so be it!
Know of good spots for Zipcars to live in Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom, or Connecticut North? Tell us about 'em!
are you cheering for the Spurs or just all the Bobcats still in the playoffs
Today, in the back room they were embalming a body. Guess who stayed in front?
dudes can't tweef cuz, only chicks be tweefin.
aight aight haha, you know i was playing anyways. But i got TS4 withdrawal, so u better get back soon lol.
one for 10 they pretty big tho
Equal value for Dwight Howard? Never! However Kevin Love, a few role players and a couple of first round draft picks for Howard close enough
Very cool! Guess that somehow makes us family :)
Roadtrip to nashville!
At Captain d's for the 2nd time since i have been on twitter :') its beautiful!!
Just saw an obese woman in a wheelchair rolling backwards down the sidewalk.....yup.
making rhubarb juice and it smells so good. How was PT?
Just finished the hardest semester of education I've ever endured. Lord, please bless my GPA.
This dude done inbox me talking about he wanna get with me.
Hey all! We miss u guys! It's sure been awhile! Anyway, tks for all the follow! Luv u guys!
im gunna ask my parents tomorrow morning.. Dude that sucks que no te dejaron ir..
Here in the club, everybody knows my name tonight.
Stoked to see the new singer!
aside from counting my money lol just chilling. Working on some edits.
We had a minor earthquake last night? Didn't even notice it!!
Are you leading your customers or are your customers leading you?
When You Let Go Of Something That You Want To Keep. God Will Let Go Of Something That He Wants To Give.
I'm not done with the first 5 things u told me to do... calm the fuck down
The lucky few have been emailing us about the nano for months!! Looks like people are hungry for a waterproof nano
Theory I cannot prove 1: sitting at bar w/man who looks a lot like Vincent D'Onofrio even stranger than sitting at bar w/ Vincent D'Onofrio.
Anytime. Did you guys give out the remaining Cubs and Sox tickets?
I'm sorry man I couldn't lol
I'm too hungry to care, regardless of whether or not I actually know (pretty sure I don't). Now for some taffy!
Looking forward to you adding some great local NYC places to the mix and sharing your experiences.
@ Taiwan Cafe, enjoying surprisingly authentic Taiwanese cusine
you know how much longer its going to be on
Looking forward to being there this Saturday!!!!!
Good Tuesday morning to you Trisha- enjoy this Tuesday!
I think I'm done with the whole internet thing. Now what?
can we bring it on here ;D lmao
In future, I will try not to moan about hassle of grocery shopping.
i feel so close to you <3
sad ain't it?
I guess anything can happen n the playoffs...
what's up ladies :)
Or go back to bed idk.
I am not a drunky! haha
Good point. Lol
Whenever it is, make sure you're ready by getting your legs smooth ;)
Welcome K&L Services to the RelyLocal family! Local landscaping! Stay tuned for details.
Art direction is probably my best chance of getting to the #oscars at this rate.
I need more days in November. Perhaps between Wednesday and Thursday? Just one half-day perhaps...?
Thanks for the heads up...this should be fixed
Ha! I wouldn't say BIG fan, but I definitely am one! Thing is though, I haven't even thought about TNG in ages!
People on Fox are the only people in the world who want more of Fred Armisen's Obama impression.
Life is a thrill if ya know what your doin best to know what your doin before your life gets ruined
Naked Harry. Omg love that this is trending
Cover up them grays girl!
We're probably gettin signed soon. yay!
Me= flipping out because i really want to skype Austin but he wont even accept my request because he has like a billion already probs.....
well I'm meant to do piano practice on Sundays...but today is a strictly Andy day
Thanks for coming to our announcement!
hmm.. heard a commercial on pandora for the first time today. either I've never noticed or they are new.
Posterity -- you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. -J Adams
Your headline? Unintended consequence of composting/every other day garbage pickup in pdx-dirty diapers in recycling. 11pm
No problem sending out the post. Great organization - I admire what you guys do.
Your being the hugest tease!! RT : If you guys wanna hear me scream then retweet this.............
Hoping that this rumor is just that.....
Here I go again: cue the music, prepare the palettes...it's time to get
"plant-based", huh? Strychnine is also plant-based. Think I'll pass. :-)
hope u wear your butt out on that slide today!
Fuck up and coming I'm coming up
Happy Margarita Day Boston!!! :)
Anyone know who's supporting tonight? <U+263A>
Thanks for the follow (: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
5 more minutes !!!! Thank God
#supportlocalmusic More local bands today. requests in the chat-room.
Spring is in the air.
RT : RT : If #pepperspray pep is "essentially a food product" should volunteer to be sprayed on air....
lol! That is good too! I think I guessed correctly...
THANKS and enjoy!!! “: Celebrating with at our holiday party, thanks (@ COA Restaurant w/ )
Going to enjoy the next couple of days.
The person who has truly loved you is the only one who has the strength to accept your mistakes and forgive you.
How do you see the Ravens? One week they are world beaters and the next week they can't even get a 1st down.
a few more minutes
LAST CALL to RSVP for "Cappy's Travel Carnival"- with Tomorrow! Don't miss out on great prizes & networking opportunities!
Thank You!
At least we're in it together.
Mrs. Harriet R. Egan, I received your letter and I read it at the meeting of egg people the other day. [1944]
good luck.
Bout To Just Live My Life, This Is All Young && Quite Frankly I'm Tired Of It, I Deserve Someone Who Will Fight For Us , && Not Give Up .
so finna leave me , yo ass better be bck !
Having sex doesnt make u grown shooting guns doent make u a thug and selling drugs doent mean u have a job
NO!!! Foodscapes is closing!! Oh the horror! :(
Enjoying two unscheduled hours and the toasty space heater in my office, while I learn the joy and perils of Excel pivot tables. Fun fun!
Right! The show centered around them. I don't understand why they would let them go. Just cancel the show.
OH at : "Man that shoot was awesome! It was like a freaking Busta Rhymes video.."
Headed to photograph at the Fitness America contest in Vegas tomorrow
Big ups to our DJ, DJ Amenzo !!! Now, gets some sleep people. I promise you we all have a crazy weekend ahead of us!
I love having my own income so i can do as i please
Q: What do you call a male quartet?A: Three men and a tenor.
OMG, I know all 3 of you. This is getting ridiculous.
RT Fuckkk I want ta go to
If I mix coffee with ice cream, will I magically get a frappuccino? Please?
Come to UK and hang banner
#TheFinder cracks me up... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> .. I'm hungry.
Some head right now >>>>>>
the okay symbol is already offensive in some parts of Europe!
An early recognition of a disease is only possible through diagnostic tests. Ask us how we can help your pet being healthy!
So I move heaven and earth to get to a doctor appointment today, and the doctor cancels on me. Urgh.
Off to Tour of Elk Grove today. Two big races this weekend.
Justin Patchin discussing cyberbullying at the Digital Citizenship Symposium.
Kindergarteners & 1st graders give the BEST compliments!
And to prowl for that <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> RT : Aurora farms with the g in a bit. See what that finish line has in store
I have court tomorrow, whoops.
Haha! RT : RT : #iDontUnderstandWhy Facebook doesn't have "In A Long Distance Disaster" as a relationship status.
I don't really like eggplant.
don't give me that face...I'm never mean to you
So excited to get my Angryblue "a storm is coming" print, Donnie Darko is amazing!
love ur hair!(:
Hahaha! He was like "You're dead Maddi!!" He said it in a funny way :P He was laughing! It was so funny!! We did it (Cont)
See I've been waitin all day for you to call me baby.
me too! :O
If a man does only what is required of him, he is a slave. If a man does more than is required of him, he is a free man. – Chinese Proverb
Tears of joy that his kid will never have to listen to it.
Excellent suggestion. ;-)
Good Morning :-)
Which means I might not have to endure any more crippled jokes!
Paterno *fired* as head coach! PSU Pres also out.
@ @ Give me a cool NEW username
If you haven't tried a juice cleanse before, you should! It's nice and smooth with little cravings of food here and there!
Captain Boomerang has to be the dumbest villain ever conceived. Poor Flash, his rogues' gallery sucks.
#NationalLicoriceDay tomorrow! Can't wait to celebrate!!
Cash rules everything around me..CREAM.. Get money... Dollar Dollar bills yall...
DBS and Bow Wow Wow on the same stage tomorrow night at The Brixton? Yup, it's happenin. On at 8pm. FREE if you say DIVE BAR STICKUP!
Culture vs. strategy in the workplace, interesting debate. Call me naive, I still think culture is the better determinant for success
Another face mask penalty, otherwise it'd be Ducks ball. Big time third down for the Buckeyes.
Gotta get the #vision of #GOD!!
I'm wondering if any school districts are using powerschool studio edition. What do you think of it?
I really want to play soccer right now
hey were a high school singing group from the #BAYAREA please follow us we need your
yeah it is! sorry:((
8 days later, 2 blown off appointments with no call, 12 phone calls, almost 3hrs on the phone.denied a credit on my bill.yes
Oh my gosh, it totally is!
haha! I'm also a sucker for action flicks so I'm easy prey.
time for the funniest show on television:
Yikes, the Time Mag image can't stop, won't stop. Have now seen it in 9 different places. Just realized little boy is wearing army pants :(
I kid, I kid. Finley drops one pass, and the entire world is against him. I think that's the first pass he's ever dropped.
Watching girls fight on Twitter because it's taking up almost my entire Feed. Take it to the RL!
or if they picked him up AND THEN retaliated while he was pitching
the next few retweets will be soley for my own ego stroking....
i meant to type create** derp.
meaning that the inn at ccn is full of the mothers hitting on younger guys. Lol
wow...Julio Jones...just wow. Gonna have to rethink Colston and Bowe being locks I guess.
don't tease bitch...strip tease bitch...eat a bowl o' deez....bicth gobble a dick
Rep Berceau talking about the legislative 'blue book' --- key to persuasive meeting is know your audience.
Will look forward to seeing you there! Mahalo.
RIP Dick Clark
Scored a table at Ludobites 8, confirmed via link, got a confirmation screen, but no follow up email as promised... are we ok?
Holy cow, there it is on the TV machine! Blitz!
I hate that kid so much
@ my twitter name so I know its real !
members only feed stopped worked on my podcaster app. Did something change and i missed the email?
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow my bed would be a lot more comfortable <3
Thanks to the great musicians who support Poised Creation!
I can't believe this is real. So many judgments ... just wait until someone tells this guy about Wilco!
Everyone Follow Us Please
I did what you always tell us to do I went to the hospital thinking I had to go in to surgery but #staystrong was my goal :)
Thanks James. But I'm not going anywhere will still bug u & ! Sushi calls!
what if you ARE someone else tho? RT : RT : Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
": If you hate the lakers don't tweet me keep it to your self!!it an't over frog face mf !thTs a implant team!!"
Long hair don't care I whip it every were
Happy New Year
Hamels wasnt suspended for hitting Brycie-poo, he was suspended for admitting it. Which is why Zimmerman wasnt suspended for hitting Hamels.
Worse luck
. food desserts > food deserts (bet the talk is fascinating!)
sorry...just saw this...heading back for drinks soon
Its too hot for me to go to sleep -__-
I probably won't live past 30, I do to many drugs.
I am looking forward to overdosing on orange juice today.
Seriously just watched an old lady cross the street
Diddy hit it on the head. I'd buy that record. Colton on
Because at one point everything u did was exactly wat u wanted
You were great. Look forward to having you back!
Are you ready for your big day? Don't forget to stretch and consider carbo-loading. Don't want to cramp up.
Noticing = babystep to
If you want to make just a bit more money then this is the link for you.The online surveying is how I got the cash i needed here is the link
Here's a question...why are them jive ass turkeys bsn with the got darn job?????
do you go to sleep away camp in the summer?
“ What's the difference between the 4 & the 4s ???”<<<<< 4a has Siri and the 4 doesn't and the camera is better
Oh nice! Had no idea
American Nietzsche:A History of an Icon and his Ideas by Jennifer Ratner-Rosenhagen
Spent the AM touring & the PM serving kids in crisis shelter. Now the team is journaling on some sections of Deuteronomy.
This is absolutely contagious !! Just sent 2 surprise pep emails. I've got a couple more peps to do today!
I'm really terrified of this final
So glad it's Friday!
Your decription is nice. and ill promo you. ill tell them it's my nudes.
u're pretty
": Dayum I see u baby!" That guy was a fucking creeper
Lol shut up. Where have you been at!?
One me and #oomf will have better conversations wit one another I really have faith n us
Huntsman: Students should conceive how they want to change the world
Unwrapped $30k in lights today. Very, very carefully.
you guys let me know what works best for you #smacsrit (typically early mornings for me)
Hello Izumi! Nice to meet you.
No!!! I am extremely excited for the buffet!
Barack Obama did not evolve on gay marriage because there's no such thing as evolution. His position was created in 6 days.
Should've made breakfast instead of laying in bed an extra half hour
I know!
watch it online bro
UW Credit Union now charging $5 fee for overdraft from reserve line of credit. Time to find a new bank.
The greatest single loss in Navy Seal history happened 6 years ago today when 19 seals lost their lives! Never forget
do you have an 2012 playlist that i could listen to? (i am a subscriber.)
summer is scary close. i needa work out.
kk i did then
thanks for the RT, Dev. Not a huge fan of Dmitri's humor, but that sketch nails it.
When you're in a slump, it's almost as if you look out at the field and it's one big glove. ~Vance Law
There is no "I" in team...just like there is no "D" in San Antonio...
If I see something about ambition one more goddamn time, I'm gonna find Wale, and punch him dead in the face! Vaginal ass album!
she was like Marquis stop only coming into my class to flirt with nicole and I just started laughing and said can I get candy?
They got the heat they got the heat Mavs got the heat!!!
Big road win tonight at UALR we r so proud of our ladies! Tcu this Thursday at SMU @ 7. Come out n show ur support :-)
She just don't know. Smh
calm down
I guess I don't understand produce!
most bruins fans who listen to you started paying attention last year so that's why they'd put Canucks as #1 rival
thanks for confirming your instagram :p hahha
Woo hoo!!! Sent back a DM!
New gmail, you are decreasing my productivity.
it was awesome! Thank you so much for everything! Can't wait to see what part 2 brings :)
Crush Restaurant in Belvedere Square lost its Liq. Lic. How do you do that????
I just want to get money and make someone smile from time 2 time
The very funny & talented will be on the show TOMORROW discussing "Fatherhood - A Personal Responsibility" at 11 AM CST!
Ears still ringing
I don't care for vampires
Did you know Samplesaint mobile scan-able coupons have the potential to save more than 17,130,000 trees annually?
Awesome! Look forward to hearing from you.
just tried your "Kale Festa Soup" from your new soup cookbook...one word YUMM!
I can't even begin to describe how happy I will be as soon as these last 2 papers are written..
#neara11 is underway!
I might just go to sleep early....
Double sided fact sheet that outlines the issue. Outlines problems, solution, statistics, etc.
i post my diary on twitter
Looking for an internship - the Original Cream Puff Bakers have an internship position available. Contact
Super excited...first day cataloging & helping someone navigate a search using Proquest
PickUpLine: You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
:) hey stranger Lol
Never met , Ginnie. The 1st time I saw her was on #CSpan. Might've been taped in
Which location? I'm closest to the Carson Ikea.
1st off I hate wen a bitch act like u gon off her jus cuz yall fucked bitch I only hit u wen I'm horny. yo silly ass think I got feelins smh
not raining here but thunder for the past hour.
Call me crazy, but if your Dr's appt is for 11:50am then you should be able to see the doctor at 11:50am. It's 12:40 and I'm still waiting.
about to head to the doctor.
Excuse me sir, does your Chinese character tattoo mean courage, honor or prosperity? All of the above?
haters gonna hate mahomies gonna love Imma forgive u for all u have said about because we all get jealous sometimes!
So I'm thinking Chicken & Waffles for lunch! Where's the flour? #NDulge!
Mouth runs like over flowing river......constantly..and too much!...stop telling your business and talking about folks!.#yougonelearnoneDAY!
Its over when its over; aint it baby aint it.
ready to get down and only been standing for 1 hour and 10 minutes
have they been rejecting your unemployment? i know they cut it back in GA from 99 weeks to 60 weeks
I don't like you, we not friends, and I don't follow you... Why are you talking to me ?
Who knew that at one time Quinsy was a medical term for tonsillitis and white fever meant pneumonia.
I'm a vegan.
Didn't he try to kiss you?
OH: I don't know what you crazy veg-tetarians eat.
that was a funny video!
Encourage your friends to go so they can earn great #cashback rewards, too!
YAY I CANT WAIT
Going to taste it with TK!
So hungry. >_< I only have 7$ and it's for my drive back home tonight.
Joe Hooker wanted to win last battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed. $2.99 Kindle Amazon
LMFAOOOOO RT This nigga David stern said he gonna start handing out oscars for flopping in the nba
Ditto. Hoping "No news is potentially good news."
These next couple of days are full of editing...end of semester papers...makes me realize that I'm only closer to
I don't like Seattle and Dallas
Gave up on carbonite this morning - after uninstalling my computer runs like a gazelle again.
hallelujah!! God is worthy to be praised!!!
-I'm loving the purple Robin! You are a wonderful inspiration to all women out there! You are beautiful.
was it bloods vs kings vs Serbs? F'n Milwaukee
“: 1 hour away aw shit perfect timing !! #foolietape #fxs #aprilfoolies” - with a track ft. GO GET IT!!
Can't wait to watch BB 11 Finale tonight. I hope Jordan wins!
yea and west is 15 min from me. Tempe is like 20-25 from me. Lol...
A widely- read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely. Hesketh Pearson,
its not working :( and weren't you gonna change your icon like mine?
PLEASE!! I love your work! RT : Aoowwwww!! You make me wanna pull out my materials and create something fabulous!!
too bad I can't afford it
Shoutout to the Alphas and Ques for the cookout today ... Big ass Stroll Outing
Ladies, even if it really is a dress, but looks like a mans biz shirt, should u be wearing it in public???
there's no going back. I think you will find following #isedchat, #edtech and #edchat to be extremely valuable.
im broke. ill have money by then invite you to taco bell lmao.
I think if husby is playing his iPad's "Atomic Farts" app, it's a sign I should turn off Smash.
“: Loving Indy. Weather got colder but spirit is warm.” this weather is a fluke. It's usually much much colder!
What a terrible day in Boston sports.
old navy shoes wearin
Xebec announces first landfill gas upgrading order in China and exclusive distribution agreement
This is gonna be a crazy week for me.
Going to see a movie with :)) Excited!!
I gotta write this in my room lol smh
indeed, I couldn't stop laughing.
It's awesome and inspiring to work with such talented people as I have for our next show. V. Room rehearsals underway and going wonderfully!
Holy Jeebus!! Here we go!
I found out today that my grandmother has diabetes, and today she ask me what was wrong i said nothing. But the truth was it was botheringme
Nobody at Cha Cha tries, at all. Good for you for calling people out.
“: Who's Excited Bout #TheIconicBoyz Being Our Special Guest On The Season Of ABDC7???” LOL YOU RUINED THE "SURPRISE"
Out riding my Harley in the rain today, gotta love this shit. Staying young still having days like when I was a kid. Harley replaced Schwin
Right now only Google+ shows up since it works be default with no extra js needed.
Praying they will stay safe.
big bang theory!
you got a bird now??
that would be funn ! we'd know each other so well by then.
Water shortages a sad but true reality: Use sprinklers during coolest hrs of day/adjust sprinklers to only water grass/install rain sensors
We realized we waited to long for turkey to thaw and we we got to store, so went with the prime rib. Thanks for your input.
The way I feel right now is proof that is wrong about me.
Who took John Travlota up on his offer to have sex? Weirdness up next!
Remember Rohrbachs for all of your summer party or wedding beer needs! Call 585-546-8020 if you have questions regarding retail keg orders!
Seriously, no one wants to hear a countdown till you go broke "7 days to Vegas, 10 till I overdraft buying groceries"
thinking of all the outdated community plans and the problems they cause
lazy consensus - social contract - if you can't be bothered to say yes or no, you don't care - so we're not waiting for you.
Share univ. courses? Why not share the same sports teams, marching bands, newspapers, and mission statements too?
If you wife says she is going to a speed dating to "support a friend" you might be in trouble.Get a professional www.mwishartpi.com
Listen to those who have already achieved, and think that we can do likewise
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I don't want to be divorced...like everyone else.
Life is beautiful!
reading all day. blehhh. shoot me?!
I guess. Why you cheating tho? Lol
Thanks for the follow ! I hope to see you at my house sometime soon!
I hate when my shit don't work. Dumb ass apps
if you're tired of starting over, stop giving up
Flirting with your ex girlfriends mom >>>>>>>>>>>>
Looking for a healthier version of a family favorite? Sub 1of 29 lean cuts of #beef & look for whole-grains to give u that feelgood feeling
Andy is back!!! Hope he has a great game!!
how much snow is at Rutgers? Is it snowing now or just cold and wet?
I know. he definitely should've made some more plays in that game.
First tweet. Boom!
Bravo!! Great job singing.
Totally energized today! Glasper's Black Radio topping my Saturday Soundtrack - AGAIN.
i follow EVERYONE back!! RT THIS??
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN make this this a new trending topic!!
I'm all 4 laws that help prevent child sexual assault but laws are only as good as the people who enforce them. TALK to and EDUCATE ur kids.
oh, and that attached pic was an accident, Blackberry sucks
When are you in NYC?
OMG drew!!!! just saw how You proposed!! AMAZING! You guys are made for each other! Is going to be the best man?
Our 1st #EducationExpress orientation is today! We're excited to have many dedicated volunteers coming to learn how to help children excel.
watching...show...now! have a great weekend!
Happy Friday & thanks for following!
Enjoying music :)
People need to re evaulate their life if they have to take off work just to play a game lol.
Yahoo Domains have always worked well for me.
I love waking up to sweet messages, more than anything. They don't even have to be long, just thoughtful.
you're still my favorite player but please never do that again WE NEED U
hahahaha good job babe
thanks Sara, this is very less than squeaky!
Why is it I'm laying here in bed wide awake listening to the same song and thinking the exact thoughts I did 4 years ago...
followed :D
SOON baby so we can go to Denver Dinner lmao ": " " HaHa Loves you to, chica bonita. Come back!"
oh! okay well that's certainly good news, maybe i need to reread :P
OMG! on the #KCAs they totally rocked!! And solo was amazing!
Home in the rain and storm. It feels good.
GREAT questions: MT : Do visitors to the bricks&mortar museum want 3 interact w/ staff on SM? B/d/a visit?
It came out a while ago! I had *lots* of feelings about that one, will be happy to discuss when you read it.
Come on down and sing for Yr supper. Well, not supper really, a free 12 oz drink. #openmic #Belltown RadioBedlam starts around 7pm
Great point: RT : That style of hashtagging is a form of metadata generation.
What you mean you weren't feeling it? I bet it was crackin
Day 1 of my #whole30; I will slay my sugar dragon! I'm already having cravings. Blah.
Playing Poplar Playhouse Sun, April 8th, 4pm w vocalist Whitney James. being recorded by KCSM's "In The Moment"
New company blog successfully set up-internal only, for sharing little updates. My 3th company to embrace it. They're already using it!
Why have I not seen you yet?? :) “: LOVING all the local touches and fun facts at #prsawdc! Facts, when combined w/ideas..
Here are some perfect examples of what happens when you are "on the right track" but don't follow up and follow through:...
the countdown for the snow to show up has started...stay warm and dry my peeps ;)
I did it what else??
This nigga has a big soul patch lmfao. This shit is hilarious. I can't stop laughing at him.
how have things been???
you just keep finding me,) J.A
A lot of our children walk into school with "education" being the least important thing in their minds because of their poverty situation.
how much do you pay for your retirement? and how much is your monthly premium? again, seems like we have a healthcare crisis.
#saa11 Sherri Berger "uncovering California's Environmental Collections"
-Dirty Player! :D
I understand--I think I first thought about it in the shower. And then I decided against it waiting in line for a rush seat.
#WhitneyHouston 's last performance was singing "Jesus Loves Me" with Kelly Price. That says it all
thanks, #audigitalhistory, for the Twitter addiction
#itsalwaystheuglypeople who stalk you at the club
Great PJ Party tonight! Ask me about the Time WIse Night Restore & Recover Complex!
it meant jacob. not u babe!
I swear me and are up at different times and she just likes to tweet me when i'm going to bed.
wait wait BOOOOBIES!
My first caffeine free day in more than two years, you are a hard thing to give up my friend.
My mom told me that Dr.Oz says I need to give up coffee n' alcohol to keep my figure and for her figure she needs to give up veggies.
I don't have a link. They shown it the last two days after the stories go off. It was like 6 officers stomping a 15yr old
Project X with the babe I love her <U+E106><U+E106><U+E418><U+E418>
what, after 40?
Thanks for the follow.
sad day!
#EBUS118 There is no task on this one. I will slow down to give you 10 minutes between tasks and to allow you to catch up.
it's the #LoisLane effect.
that's when you open your bible & pray..can't let negative thoughts control you..
very well played
and if it's the sane guy it won't be different- but you already have what you need...!
Motivate - Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
We don't have a video feature built out yet, so an admin has to switch the html from filtered to unfiltered.Video is up now. Thanks!
how im crazyy
Being single gets boring :/
You should be craving Delivermefood.com
For how much I hated u, I don't hate u anymore, u got balls kid keep up them tracks
Treadmill - 24 minutes to start my day. Body moving. Brain will follow! If only I could do this every day. Must try harder!
So yesterday we stayed up till 3am talking. And today you ignore me? #luckyme. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
what's wrong:(
Tweet me questions!
is pretty excited! My LLC went through.
i gotta shower&get ready....
This inning is stupid.
Completely agree! RE: Article should be called "10 Ways to Start Your Day Badly" .
Amen Todd, it's difficult to watch without wanting to gouge my eyes out and rip my ears off
please tell me you ordered a gazillion copies of PARIS, I LOVE YOU BUT... by (Staff pick card goes inside!)
#SarahMichelleGellar and my wife are pregnant at the same time. Who saw that coming?
yes yes yes!!! amen to that my brother! see ya soon?
Love is a journey not a destination. Heaven is another name of love.
haha it doesn't fit, keeps falling off
So weird, Scrolling down my cousins instagram and I find a picture of my friend? The way people find people through technolgy is strange.
if you see jack Daniels please do the same
Have to wear flipflops til I get my pumas back :C
aww. Tyler is so cute ^.^ lol. squeak squeak.
Kirk Franklin's rap on lovely day <<<<<<<<<<
see you at the end of this week homie!
This week made me exhausted
I dub your mullet.. Child abuse. Its that jacked up!
don't break the first 2 rules of Fight Club. :)
Haha- thought I was a real person until u questioned it...now I'm thinking I might be a robot after all. Can I get back to u on it?
miss you!
ahem. I'm assuming my invite and ticket got lost in the mail?
get you're mom to pick you up
Mrs. YMKD herself is currently in the beautiful island of JA!!!
The change you are looking for, only exists if you want it.
ill quote some of his recent singing later today
I was only there for a few hours, but it was still pretty freaking amazing <3
Shout out to Double Flush, Brandon Miles, Girlz Gone Wild :) last night. That was truely one for the books at LoCash! JC
I asked me to look at her landscaping today & she saw my eyes light up. You should have called me :)
YOU need to follow me.<3
I hope you like karaoke ! You just won $50 to ! (can I go with?!)
1 day until home
May 24 - June 9 See Bobby Gould in Hell.
Almost every dog we've had has been a pound puppy, but the best dog I ever knew was a carefully-bred corgi.
I have 10.2K but that'a because I talk a lot. And also tweet you a lot. Haha!
Yep. I know. Just doing what I can to keep reminding myself that he's not terrible at everything.
Please... let's set a date! We are in now. Would love for you to see the space and hear all about
Pushed through the wind for a 4 miler through South Philly/Old City
How about doing a chocolate tour?
RT : Excited for my hot date with Ira Glass tonight
let's plan a day now to celebrate Lindsay's birthday by drinking way too much tequila while it's sunny.
hmm nothing out of the extraordinary.. we shall practice on the weekend :P
san diego is such a beautiful place to visit, and the people are kind, and warm. love love love me some san diego:-)
uh oh, doesn't sound good! What about for EnvisionWare?
what thinks about the duke-ohst game is irrelevant since he didn't go to college
Hello people!!
Thanks for the +K!
New tea on our menu! Unsmoked Lapsang Souchong—A handmade tea that's rich & fulfilling w/ a very subtle smokiness from the roasting process.
Rough first inning for Yumanji, but it's understandable since it was against the Marine...I'm starting to worry.
FOLLOWED AL
it's terrible when out in the son !
wow, our text poll results are in. i am surprised by it. we wanted to know if you supported pres obama's support of same sex marriage.
Totally agree!! RT : The play-by-play of what took place in The Situation Room is fascinating
glad to hear it!
So awesome is the coolest way to throw an event or party on twitter! Loving this invite I just got!! 2 thumbs up
At work helping these lovely children :)!!
Why didn't ABC's Brian Williams cover the Weinergate scandal?
Good Morning!
Drop it like its hawttt:)
Love this show... so pumped! RT : New #Revenge tonight! I must be home in time. Where is Amanda? Anyone?
In progress. Let me get back to you on that! RT : Congratulations! Do you have arrangements for video yet?
Recording My Final Version of Rehab this weekend! & The Video Promo Shoot for Rehab will be shot all over L.A to get ready for the release!
Make sure to file your Tax return electronicly and NOT by mail. The govt is shuting down the IRS building from budget cuts.
Yeah, meant Andino since technically Davis was up.
thx for the RT thx for sharing my enewsletter last week; appreciate u both :) TGIF
I'll be rockin Suede tonight so make sure you come out its def going to get crazy!
you could always access the .pdf on the cd and print those out?
#NeverShouldYouEver think its cool to smoke weed and drink alcohol they mess up your life
Yeah cardinals! Getting really excited to go to the game Friday ! <U+26BE><U+26BE>
good watching NSN
just went through the list and it appears Twitter has been randomly unfollowing people for me again. PLEASE fix this!
Traveling to Pensacola FL tomorrow for the Jazz Festival....
To all you people who say thatnobody cares about you, and nobody loves you, someone thought you were to die for.
Porn messes up ya reality of sex too b honest....
dont lose ur best friend over some guy/girl
Couldn't agree more on that one! BIG TIME. Where are the VOLUNTARY resources for people who want out of the business?
ok baby(: I can't wait!! I hope it's only 2hrs
Working every weekend now to get things ready for Graphics of the Americas, Feb. 26-28 in Miami Beach. It's gonna be great! Don't miss it.
In opening keynote Raleigh planning dir notes he meets annually w/his 3 predecessors, to get on same page inspiring public.
Ateamo is rolling out some updates today. You may experience some issues while this process is completed.
tweet my other account cuz I didn't mean to use this one... My phone app sucks
Only the remix
Reporter Mitch Pittman is on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning. He's getting to see how much fun we are... and learn the true meaning of 'early.'
I could fall in love. I could fall in love, with you... Baby. I could fall in love, with you....
Just saw a promo for a show on A&E called "Killer Kids."
The solution guide for the accounting final review said "15+2=15" and it also said "15/4=4.75" Neither of which were correct.
practice spaces, drum cases, and sushi
Does anyone know what the first soda pop drank in outer space was?
im not reading any of ur reviews cause ur a week late. When u think about it, its ur fault not mine :P
If you have any free seats left for the 5/2 seminar, will you let me know? I'd be interested. Thnx.
Hopefully getting my license TODAY! A little overdue (like eight months...) but FINALLY! I better pass...
tell your friends to get with our friends so we can be friends!
happy birthday!!
So glad our President is cracking down after he finished his vacation.
RT : I think if anyone's gonna it'll be rams they have the firepower the jets will have to give to much to get him dont see it
Romney looks more like front-runner headed into Feb. 7 primaries - Washington Post
Im on time to class!
RT Listening to the musicians rehearse for ACM's high school workshop concert tonight. Sounding great so far!
you want a carrot? :P
Stop what you're doing and chug some water.
there's still the prevailing sentiment that black is scarier than non-black, and there's really no budging the culture off that point
Pro tip: People get pissed off on the West Coast when you post about the ending of a reality show that just finished in the Midwest. #uw ...
back from lunch, had chinese, will be starving in an hour!!
Thanks for the follow Paul - let us know if we can help you fund any ideas via our site!
Experiencing the nooks and crannies of the J W Marriott: "I feel like an appetizer."
THANK YOU, & for releasing the first 10 minutes of #TeenWolf. Great editing, awesome music, intense moments created! Wow!
just got clarified that its Mexican-American when used as an adjective, not for nouns
Just another productive day!
RT : Four pieces to content management: content, people, process, and technology.
Excellent - all the best in your studies!
Yeah, but night launches are pretty spectacular! :) And there's the part about witnessing history too.
"A man cannot be comfortable spiritually who is in bondage financially." - Richard R. Lyman
my desire to watch it is waning with each and every TV spot.
nice dude! Where you stayin?
"Who hasn't seen the Breakfast Club?" ~ Shawn Spencer,
Hey girl! Paris Davis' niece, hit me back!
We watched "x-cops" last night, that was interesting. :)
i Won contest to go to the bully movie premire omq screaming my ass off CANT BELIEVE IT OMG THANKS YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Dancing in the airport to my first song I did a jazz dance to when I was 9.
Checking out future touch interface thoughts at
Have a Terrific Tuesday! SPREAD LOVE
Ready for some #Buckeye victory
Movement without direction will create a hole in the ground. — Sophia Bedford-Pierce
Excited for the New Year!
Feeling like a proud mama for happy to share the feeling with his actual parents Stephen Wessler and Ellen Freed.
Partying at my boss' tonight.... She better have AC >.<
Smooth all day and smooth all night! 1/2 price bottles of vino from open to close and We Six on stage at 7:30 tonight! All ages, no cover.
ooh yea he is
usher will never get old!
The girl comes back to table after break saying she lost her phone. I immediately tell her I will call it to help. Redneck beside me says
Just experienced the most heart touching performance ever. 2nd row seats to Me'Shell NdegéOcello @ One World Theatre. I have no words....
Thanks for the #ff! It is a pleasure to learn along with you.
let us know if you need a new mattress! We really appreciate the follow and you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
“: iPod on shuffle : next, next, next, next, blah, no, nope, next, no, not, no, next, next, YES! #first40songsonshuffle”
I love my library. They just let me renew my overdue book online! I guess they figure I'll eventually make good on the $1.80 fine. :)
WHO RUN THE WORLD? Squirrels.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
But good morning everyone
I decided I should probably take a day off at some point, first one since I got here
Legal Marketing: relationships are key. People want to do business with other people they like and trust. It takes time so be patient.
Super confused, tuned into a Canadian radio station driving to NY today and they said it was going to be 34 degrees... They use celcius lol
Happy Birthday Sweetie! Enjoy your day!
Ain't gon hurt nobody.We just dancin baby!
loves that we're hyde'ing!
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
I had to, I couldn't stop myself, I had to say it, yah know? I need to feel loved ): hahaha
haha yikes.... Awkward.
is an absolute moron
thx jeffie :) yes, finishing upright is an accomplishment today...many didn't!
Something to think about...If the Government Controls Healthcare...it owns your future! This scares me!
heck no don't take it down. :) I love seeing it shared. Makes me happy. More its shared, more shirts I sell. More ADDers open up.
After a dyslexic moment, I said, "dyxlesia is awesome"
Kenzie is the best in all the lands!
Dude what a coincidence, I just spilled sauce on my shorts! Good thing I have Tide to go at all times.
Any clue on when makes his decision?? What are you hearing about the visit?? We need him!
Matt Ryan will win MVP this year.
Bout to finalize my packing...
wait... they named the 59th Street Bridge after Koch?!
what do you keep in yours? lol
My little sister is hoggin my bestfriend. Dude wtf.
cant i get a follow, i love your songs. And i like your style. Jaja. :-) :D
Hi thanks for the rt yesterday. Our rain was soothing and gentle.
#RIPBRITNEYFAN Daniel Zamudio. Sending prayers to you and your family. It's a very heart-breaking story. :(
Hail Mary time. Lame
Does anyone know a mirror/glass company who can cut and turn around a project in 24 hours?
In Justin Bieber's new song, apparently he raps in a husky smooth man voice... WTFF??????? (tht is just g)
To make a reservation or if you have questions call us at 347-587-8667
What happened homie? I'm ready to ride on these punk ass suckas. #OaklandBoss Who jacked you?
#Youshouldbeashamedif You have never heard of So check us out! You wont regret it!! Help us get followers!
ucla tomorrow! overnight stay #razaday :D woo meet some cuties?!
March 25th is my next workshop! Feeding Healthy Athletes for the Parents while the kids take a self-defense class! Stay Tuned!
Drink on you and high on summertime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Pwease? Ha! No, it's seriously bad (modern mens' fashion)
we going to a rooftop party
John Gomperts CEO of Americas Promise All Corps member graduation. Jumpstart invaluable service to the community. Thank you!
Just booked a feature film "INDELIBLE" shooting begins tomorrow morning 9am!
Well, there goes my chemistry grade.....
I love the Drive By song by :)) !
He is hard at work for the people without a voice.
Most spiritual practitioners employ religion for mere worldly gains. Use religious means to serve their personal ends.
WE would like to remind everyone to please give this this holiday season! Give to your Church, give to foundations, give to anyone in need!
What's better? This night of great sports or that Albert Pujols has 4 RBIs this season. (cc: , , )
Worst part of spring is being next to a teenager in traffic while your windows down & hearing Skrillex being blasted from their mothers car.
Today a six year-old boy explained to me how he discovered a shooting victim in his neighbor's yard.
merp. just chilling. its so hot in my house i'm like roasting rofl
Tomorrow is gonna be a long day...
I love how ridiculous this game is every year…
The sun is searing my tender Irish flesh! Rain please buddy? Soon?
My teacher said I was ballsy ._.
Have fun in Dublin and London!
“: I am now influential about beer on #klout. Do I have and to thank for that?” u sure do &
Listening to "The Mummer's Dance" on Pandora Radio right now
Has anyone at neu taken business turnarounds with Platt? Trying to figure out the midterm format
#imaslacker QOW "I could not have made it this far had there not been angels along the way" Della Reese
": Watching the videos of Groove Dance Class I'm completely addicted!" -- we love it! :) thanks for watching!
Now using twhirl for mac for tweets - any comments on this twitter client?
what good i'm a big fan of X and Ja would love yo hear that calbo when ja gets out
Congratulations to Jonathan Green for receiving the 2011 Citizen Support of Our Armed Forces Award!
So far so good! Had a great show last night and another one Monday!
Pls encourage them to submit their essays to us--we'd love to read them! RT: Touched by hearing "this I believe" statements....
I'm in a really weird mood..
I'd go with black pants and nice shirt....or a black skirt. And then heels...but not going out heels haha
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
what a list! I hope you have a great day!
I feel so bad for the person who just got pulled over in sheetz
ngl, i think i'm a little tipsy. #yolo?
So posted a picture that reminded her of me but I can't see it since my phone isn't able to. :(
I'm trying to figure out how to best represent its beauty online. Maybe an audio reading...
Makes me think of how fantastic it was to just *read* Nabokov's lectures on literature...
Awesome that the student passed and couldn't wait to share news with you!
I think Rich can actually learn from what you said. You're like the battle rap life coach. Lol.
oh well
You can't read one verse of the Bible & develop a theology. The Bible itself is a theology!
pahaha I wonder how that got there...
Thanks for the follow man ... I'm at my limit of follows but I'll follow back after I think the herd. Have a good weekend. ^ME
"i dont know if I like like him yet. But he makes me feel good, and I now have a reason to shave" "thats a good way to look at it"
Loool at when their hating & calling themselves 'mahomies' check yourself.
Check out new pics up on our Facebook page!! "like" Outward Bound Denver and be a part of our community!!
Packing and doing a run through of outfits...turn on the MUSIC! Luckily I have a boyfriend who doesn't mind helping out!
Office closed, I'm working, most colleagues are here.
You still got an attitude..
Whoa. It indeed looks like a lot of important names in UK sociology will be at the *American* Sociological Association's meeting this year!
Microsoft Invests $300M in Barnes and Noble, Settles Patent Flap
His best companions, innocence and health; And his best riches, ignorance of wealth. Oliver Goldsmith
Awesome look forward to reading your stuff.
First sociolinguistic interview of the day cancelled. You'd think I'd be irritated, but I'm deeply relieved. I'm far too busy this week.
who can
Its so cold in the D.....lmao
Only big black guy on the 40th floor in a camo jacket lol
I'm done with my 300 word blog posts. Now only 6 150 word posts to go :) Then I've got double work tomorrow.
#Ifyouknowme you know how sensitive I am.
Fact: you cannot breathe fast and hard while your tongue is out and your mouth is open. P.S. Good boy. Now roll over...
Katie calls me wedgie-free Danika cos I'm getting soccer pants
WHY IS BYNUM NOT IN
great, my fan just died and I have the heater on, today is going to be so hot, least i have sunscreen on, can you get tan from being hot?
MT It's #TeacherTuesday Show great teachers luv
Love it! MT : I hereby challenge everyone to mourn Sendak by writing the WEIRDEST picture book you can today.
I know! Sat out a whole year. This year killed him so you know he's hungry!
so hard to "take care of yourself" at your parents house
Fat chicks that call they self thick please stop lol
thank you so much! You're so sweet!! :) xx
Jtfo w/ asia buunyy and alexis.
Barry Sanders is the honorary #lions captain tonight? Awesome! No #tigers game on any #indy station is killin' me.
Weird giving this big an interview to Robin Richards.
I got my ticket I got my passport and now I'm ready for take off! I don't mean to brag! But I'm just so excited! Ar voir! <U+263A>
RT if on April 20th you're going to fill your city with KONY 2012 posters.
is it your birthday!? :o
So relieved that Zuckerberg is sans hoodie.
Me too lol
Thanks, and ESPN PR tweeted a bit ago tht the announcement would be made tomorrow was hoping you heard something
I slept 16 hours last night. I think I can afford to stay up and work on it tonight. Lolol.
Do you FEEL like you have thrown away marketing dollars in the past 24 months? We can help IMPROVE ROI-let's move your conten ONLINE!
congrats! Well, I did kinda go native. but not the way you probably mean.
global warming?
Got that 3:30 feeling? Stop by for a free coffee drink, say "Greg" at the register. This offer is good everyday from 3pm-close!
didn't yo mama teach you, "nobody likes a snitch!"
so great to connect with you on twitter!
Where is that?
ha! Saturday night, 2:50am, where else would you get mac and cheese. C'mon my dude!
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 1
Back into the web game - - - thankyou for the welcomed distraction 'graphic design', but I really must be getting back. -gabe
thanks for your compliment on our staff! And we accept any and all clientele sandals or no sandals. :)
IM JKING! I love u :)
Over 700 registered in WSOP Deep Stack ...10 minutes left in late reg ... follow my progress and chip updates
what was his topic?
Today feels like a Saturday
You got it, kiddo.
I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!
You coming by tonight for the Maibock tapping? Its at 6 PM at all locations
I just used a beer bong for the 1st time
Got Some Banging ass Beats in my Gmail from DNATHEPRODUCER aka
|| its beginning to look a lot like xmas!!!
good morning luvs
Just her laugh
quick someone help her! She has completely lost her mind!
I'd say I'd save you one but I fear I might eat it instead :x see you soon :)
you connect with since she moved to Boulder? 2 righteous people like yourselves could gain a lot from each other
Don't forget that general admission will go up to $3/person over the weekend during the Orchid Show!
Ditto to but I also add Tilia, Sebastian Joe's for ice cream and the place across from Tangletown Gardens.
Wish I had been watching this UTEP HOUSTON game all night.
I'm a huge fan and I love you could you please follow and tweet me it would mean the world to me..?
FINALS are HORRIBLE they force you to memorize everything you should've learned during the semester lol
Cause the pimpin's ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
Actions speak louder than words; <3 Thanks for showing me that you do care ;]
We're weiners! (No, not THAT kind) Matt Cohen mixed PGI spot Guys, Guys, Guys for MTZHF Kelli + it's a AICP 2011 winner! tinyurl.com/5rojjww
happy Mothers Day to you too! Thanks!
“We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
They're not particularly gay. Just ugly. Lots of heterosexual guys wear really ugly shirts. No reason not to apply to socks.
#ThatsATurnOff when she is cheap ass hell & looks at you everytime to pay
100% agree! Being mobile friendly is a still huge #fail for most brands RT : We need a session on mobile up in here
What's there to prove?
Just welcomed a great group of students from City College High School to the Church Student Matinee.
My mentors changed my life. Kudos to the #ubuffalo mentors
DAMN GIRL. CALM DOWN. THIS IS TOO INTENSE.
Mormons are good looking people not that there is anything wrong with that
Every time I listen to I see movie scenes in my head! #soundtrack music
second networked book & inspiration for digress.it --> "holy of holies", m. stevens
thank you! I'm renting a house with an AWFUL WHITE kitchen! Def need pointers!!
What up to all following me back looking forward to yall tweets --> & ..
Where do I follow along?
yay! hope to see you this weekend...
Na na na na na na She's got the look! Lunch time jams with the windows down!
happy to have you for lunch! Let us know what your favorite items on the menu were!
mother is so cute she made me a fish taco nom nom nom nom ...........and than another one nom nom nom thanks mommy :)
I didn't get that impression but it's obvious this is highly contentious. Poor kids are being put in the middle.
#SelectionSunday at tonight.
ehhh ill think about it :P
u r the proton to my donut
.seriously? does this girl even wear clothes? she ONLY have pics of her in her underwear.
Oreos > all. Check your facts haha.
most def. Have to watch again.
doesn't matter. Just show up :p
U and & khleo workin' on a song.... its gonna b
It's all in your tone, girl!
#Wisconsin #wiunion We are creative; they are sedated. A Happy Weekend is coming. Smile! #WI are the Candid Camera. Money can't by Love.
Thanks for sending to Hope he likes it!
BlueWhiteVases thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Adding another hockey team to the roster. 3 teams, 3 nights a week. #notComplaining :)
Ice cold shooting. I could have it any other way...
"Just one more thing before you leave Don't forget to remember me"Text if you wanna
I am officially a master! Although I didn't attend graduation I am on the veranda celebrating my accomplishments with the 'rents!
Fuck one, marry one, kill one, #GO! A little puzzle for you while WATCHING GLEE
Thx so much! Any questions? RT : Great website & internet presence! Everything looks so polished! ....
sick of deleting my account and not specifically telling me why. didn't think it would be this hard to create a group
rappers suck. Soulja boy is a rapper. Big pun tupac biggie llcoolj r mc's
A gracious lady saved our spot in line so we could ride rides (: Simpson's ridee here we come!
RT : City of Milwaukee --- SENIOR WATER TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR application period extended through TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2012.
I made you the princess in this story hahahaha
Thank you for the comment about my #poetry. Have you read my revised Adrenaline Rush?
Is it just me or does "jets fans" rhyme with "obnoxious retard"
Dear Santa, all i want for Christmas is him. <3 please & thank you (:
Who the fuck was boozer Passing that ball to ?
When guys run track >
A Woman love: by King Baba james is now playing on sukcfreeradio check it out. Thank u all my fans
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work, thanking God 4 being #blessed Humpday yay...2 more days till Friday! Everybody have a great day!!! :)
THIS! “: Sometimes, a simple hug would seem to be a lot better than asking her what's wrong.”
Its only 10 i thought it was a lot later
be back later....
One of the best days off I could have all year.
I know! And I heard y'all going to watch the elephants. We are too! Where are y'all watching them?
lol, hm.. never thought of that one. Lol
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
"A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service, and what do you do with a phone with no service? You play games."
I have challenged myself to reading 100 books during my break. To keep myself honest, I shall tweet about each one.
what happened?!
Another gorgeous 58°F today ~ Did you know several of our #bike #dates include a #wine tasting?
I'll go to eat thanks to all who are following me :) <U+2665><U+2665>
a semicolon if one duty requires multiple commas; and of you semicolon one, semicolon them all.
You have to love playoff basketball!
hey #bestie how's ur day going? Got in 35.28 hours in 4 days!!
I love wearing shorts.
I wanna see the pink highlighters and the yellow highlighters play each other in the Final Four.
Thank you! Are you up to anything fun this weekend?
Saw a time-traveler on MARTA today. He mostly passed for 21C man except for his pager.
LOL! RT : Yes, I think targeting someone too specifically can seem like stalking.
I SEE YOU RABURN!
you just named my new band. Or blog. Or something else I won't start.
laying here. Not tired, just bored.
Convicted Ponzi swindler Keenan Hauke at sentencing: "For years, I knew this day would come."
THE AGENDA!!
The FCAT test makes me wanna kill someone..
change your number?
Staying up until 1am on a work night to watch the final episodes of one of my favorite animes... WORTH IT.
a black guy
red velvet for breakfast again ... yum
shits weak! I'm so bored at work
Thanks for the follow! Hope your month finished strong.
GENIUS! RT : note to self: harvest potntial enrgy of curls to power downton abbey
Hey, if you can't threaten a Russian hooker that is extorting you, who can you threaten?
RT : Monday: FREE ADMISSION. Bud Lts, Stoli, Bacardi on special. & dj marcus spinning.
Cold here at century, but that's okay got myself a hot chocolate :D
I would pick Waiters #3 overall, after Davis and MKG. His game is meant for NBA.
I have watched the Oscars every year since I was about 5. This is the most boring year I can remember. If only Kanye or Gaga was there...
Getting a massage is a great way to nurture, rejuvenate and heal yourself! This applies to guys as well ..
Agree. If there can be a family/business TSA line, should be similar for black coffee/every other coffee drink line.
LMAO BRENT TRYING TO MAKE CASH.... meh I'd buy it though xD
I entered via comment on your blog for tickets! But I would love to try Cherry Vanilla Edmund Fitzgerald!
2nd period, I'm on a couch reading, I love my school. We get papa johns pizza later(:
The Father is removing the links of bondage in every chain over the lives of the oppressed. Not a trace will be left behind.
Good bank got damn
Today I got asked what my biggest dream I felt like say trying to get to follow me!
either I'm trippinballs or mickey mouse is rowdy in my apt.
I could teach you (:
#Brewers game. Last minute decision to go.
#TTOT in less than an hour. If you love to travel and have interesting stories, be there.
Nice idea for a truly unique Xmas gift Especially one that has longevity.
Two years go I told u to get ready to buy some property. Aight young brodie. THE TIME IS NOW! Shit's dirt cheap. Buy a block!
Thanks, man! Much appreciated- I listened to tracks on your site and would totally be down to collaborate sometime! TK
NO PANCAKES!
Ohh heck to the no! One of 's former managers is suing her company for being sexually harassed and subject to hostile work place
Everybody on this bus is asleep.
i need me a driver and a maid to roll the blunts wit haze son im ina daze flow tsunamis, this that ct wave
Not that it's any of my business, but I heard lemmings are referring to one another disparagingly as 'people.'
Ready for Ohio Cousins May Have Migrated - Did Family Records Go Along? By
you've got style, that's what all the girls say...they also say you've got gay tendencies.
Did anyone out there win the mega millions?
“: Only God Can Judge Me , Who The Fuck Is You ?”
I love when fat and ugly girls "like" my boyfriends pictures on Facebook just makes me #loll :)
I slept for 15 hours, and i only wanted to sleep for 8. .
see you on the red carpet at ! Are you staying at the Maxwell? When's your film playing? Hope I get a chance to see it!
I CAN'T wait to go back to Legendz! FUCK YOU VOLLEYBALL! YOU CAN SUCK MY DICK (:
me 2 but I lost a year cause I come drone another country and stupid school couldn't translate my report card till now --'
Ok thanks!
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;)
Movie recommendation is Edward Norton in "Primal Fear". Norton does great character work in this suspense thriller
i'm sorry but i will never understand why people feel the need to do smash or pass status'
HEADS UP: Summer Camp LATE NIGHT TICKETS go on sale at NOON CST on SATURDAY. Save up.
trying to fly in today. have a feeling i'm going to get stranded in detroit.
ditto for me. time for some fun this weekend!
RT : "Don't go replicate our mistakes, make your own" Director, Health Innovation
Happy Veteran's Day...thank you for your selfless service and protection! WIthout your sacrifice, we wouldn't be free to live our dreams!
does CCBC keep track of what percentage of books about black people are set in the past?
It is what it is
DC Go Wonky! RT : Come out to Farragut today to support your favorite food trucks! 10% of sales today --> No Kid Hungry campaign!
"I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it."
Time to dust off the Chuck Norris exercise contraption in the basement.
because i didnt do announcements and nicole witzleben did :(
Blasting #FirstKiss by in my mum's car! Can't believe he's from the same country as me!:')
Soon and Fast!!! Schedule in the making!!! Lol
Tonight, we are young... And I'm too fuckin tired and broke to carry anyone home tonight.
welcome to the world of the tweets<U+E00E>
Really needs to get his as in gear and do some more acting related things or maybe wrote some more
Hey I was wondering if I know you? I think you might be an old friend of mine??? Did you used to live around Dallas and Woodlands?
looks like fun
Great time with family and friends at
The #Brewers are absolute beasts at home! I knew their record, but just saw the 50-16 again in print.
im from tampa,fl
Happy Holidays from our team over at Craftlaunch.
ya know ; except for gym. Durr. Just kidding. That sucked as bad as your disected sheep hearts. Lolol.
I like it when cab drivers (a) drive fast and (b) listen to
If the Heat lose.. The Thunder are definitely winning it all
La la la la la
look at *Unpainted to the Last*
Back in school days wen love was sweet and innocent...
We can do this all night :)
Swear I'm over working retail!!! I need a sugar daddy to pay my bills hahaha
Point the biggest skeptic out ill make em.a believer
Thanks so much!
Had a lovely trip to the Mich. UP--Pictured Rocks at Munising a must see. Also did Mackinac Island and Ludington. West Mich coast v. nice.
And Man City won the EPL??????
was the crock pot involved?
I know it's bad for me but it's the only thing I have left.
twitter looks cool now ^_^
Hang in there. I know you'll make it through. But when it's time, I just want you to watch over me, and to help me through all my problems.
Now that #MilwaukeeFilmFest2011 is over what were your faves and movies you hated? I'll be doing my final run down article soon.
"question is....Whadda you want? Do you want me to call the cops? You want me to get naked and start the revolution?"
Lunch was awesome! So glad you came in to see me!
You guys also have a great weekend! :-)
Good Morning 2 All & U All Have A Blessed Day!
The willingness to sacrifice is the prelude to freedom.
Make long (12 mo.) expirations for class cards or your retention rates will suffer.
I've taken time and think that I don't think it's best for us to turn around and say goodbye
so when are you going to post the twitlonger about that sign?
yeah I feel you I drive 200 plus miles a day
yeah its pretty hot down south but the coolest part is i live 3 hrs away from ATL and hows your fav out of jbs firends
lol noone does when I say it but works lol
OMG! God needs to step in!
see the movie #ScaryorDie where out this AMAZING love her
RT Aw. That Burgher gave the foul ball..Guy at work said he caught foul ball, gave it to a kid last night. You're right, good guy
Great day in the studio with & Now back in Atlanta for work and missing DC already. Womp Womp!
can u please please please call me !!! 6312918655<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Have an amazing trip and take *tons* of pictures for those of us who couldn't make it!!!
I'd give just about anything to be poolside in #Vegas right now.
My kind of hallowed ground! RT : The Holy of Holies!!!!
Sounds like you received exciting news! Congrats! :)
how you been?
Have you tried the new Flip Side at yet?
Let's Go Mets!!! Tweet Tweet
lol love you to
I saw it.
I just wanna watch her dribble balls up the court---lmaoooplease retweet
cool off with a Route 44 Cherry Limeade!
#FF Thank you!!!
go see the hunger games
Making repairs, painting, or staging are hard to hear about but not nearly as hard to have the house sit UNSOLD.
"if you can get in, you can afford to go" - Sure, but all those schools accept <15% of applicants, most <10%
Worst part about having a convertible you ask? Well... Um... Driving everyone, everywhere.
Thank you! You and the band were amazing at the L.A Times Festival of Books! : )
I skipped right over MTV when I saw that in my program guide...
Rachel Zoe
we all have been there.
Munro Chambers is all over your wall...
Fuck bitches. Get money
Ill be honest I didn't expect you to not care so fast. But no worries I got the hint.
hey what part of ohio do u live in
what are we asking ? :o I just got a message on my phone lol
Holy crap so OBSESSED with Avengers!!! Can I be them? Or friends with them? Omg dying.
Out of all the people I know, I have a few really good friends. I'm ok with that because they make up for all the one's that wasn't.
i'm excited that the semester's almost over.
Snow day...you better go away, for I'm leaving on the morning plan to LA.
Finally get to wash my hair after having a weave for over a month
Thanks so much for thinking of me! Been on the run all morning. Looks like a great article.
Patience my friend. It's a long season and we have a lot of great players
please tell ken anderson to follow me
Good luck & have a great time at the #AdobeSummit - Your session is gonna rock!
Happy 23rd Anniversary. Congratulations and best wishes for many more years of success.
right back atcha, thank you.
RT The official trailer of #PrettyLittleThings releases tonight!
welcome back brother!
follow back ?
Best way to wake up from that food coma? 's Bah! Humbug Xmas Party w/ tonight! Doors 8:30. Guest list 916.295.0720.
goodnight handsome <3
not if the charger's broken! Bam.
If this happens again tomorrow, I don't even know what I'm going to do.
learn those backroads!
For once I'd like to see someone make Jane Eyre with a truly plain Jane & an unattractive Mr. Rochester. & make us believe it.
really? where is your proof that they aren't? tell me. It's called instinct. The same thing that makes you attracted to girls.
Follow back?
I listened to your webinar w Brian. The portion on experimentation. How long should any one experiment last before pulling plug
yup! So much irony that it is in FL. More investigation. She was pregnant!
From Midlothian area...no troubles with FIOS here.
Support support support. Bomb hair stylist & new 2 twitter----->
Or down, lol
Uhh it feels so good to have my Wayne cd back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BD>
oh wow it's late there!
What an excellent reunion last night
I'm wearing my hoodie today
Still thinking about the delish 7-course meal from the James Beard Dinner last night
Dad to daughter on 72nd: If you can't learn how to eat with chopsticks, I'll send you over to Japan to learn from Ching Chong and Ding Dong.
Get people in the general cousel's office, contract specialists, etc., to serve as liaisons to your wellness program.
take the 7 to times square, get on the (1,2,3) towards the bronx. God speed!
RT : I feel like I'm in a food coma
coming up at 11...we talked with two elderly women robbed outside their home on Thanksgiving...hear what the crooks got away with
Just got my mail. Fed tax refund,#Brewers tickets and Electric Bill..... 2 out of 3 ain't bad
. / / 's panel, 's performative argument for learning to program, and the Latour panel.
RT : Expedition HQ: The Row For Freedom team are making fantastic progress and are now in 6th place!
it's too long
TCT performing at the Main Event Venue tommorow at 9:30pm! BE THERE!!! OR BE SQUARE!!!!
Just saw , gave him a thumbs up for the playoffs
what's up?
Wth Aha But You Look Way Better Though
Poop I'm so stupid I thought Gerrell was asking what could his Twitter name be... Never fails bruh
Would you mind elaborating (re: alumni magazines)?
Rumor was she dined at Chilis the night before...
you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are
Woke up after dreaming abt loading authority files into the library catalog. Vacation's over. At least my brain is ready 2 go back 2 work..
Friends come and go but Mary Jane is always a good friend.
Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart. ~Elizabeth Andrew
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force. -Publilius Syrus
Katrina is AMAZING!
will you be covering/tweeting?
I figured no IM will keep me more focused on work...and what do you know it actually worked!! :)
Music this week-Christina Perri's Lovestrong deluxe edition w/bonus tracks, Santana's Shape Shifter, Adam Lambert & Lisa Marie Presley.
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale (replaces Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA) $10 growler $3 pints
Goodbye, #DontAskDontTell, and good riddance
Did you see his Tedx talk? Saw it this morning. Incredible. But he won't last... doesn't fit her bill.
Hi Randy,
yeah I'm trying to think abt how I'd teach an intro to DH class, given that most of my students are not very techy to begin with
no its not ok. Lol
love this! RT : You're not done & this isn't all there is. But you have to dig for it. Diamonds are found underground, not on top.
Finally!!! It's not Tebow that people outside of Denver chuckle at, it's the sense of entitlement from the Tebow cult.
I posted some pics :) hope you like em :) go see FF5 when you get the chance.
Sigh, his future wife will hate me.
I'm so bored I hate writing papers for school.
Nap time is OVER
Happy National Bieber Day love you and wish you have the best
sounds like you are in his backpocket
ITS DONE.
Happy Friday! RT : thanks for the #ff and the vote of confidence. Happy Friday.
that MUST be it! ;)
My last rant: I saw the new "We Are The World" was going to be a disgrace 2 bars into it when Justin Bieber starts the song off.
All strippers look pregnant.
More of my interview w/ Justice David Prosser coming up at 6:00 on TMJ4. I asked him about his relationship w/ Chief Justice after campaign.
absolutely! I will share my lamp - it is a magic lamp full of nail happiness! Can't wait for your email! I'm too ecited to sweep!
GOODBYE SEPTEMBER - Hello October !!! My favorite time of year!!
Psycho T could eat Shane Battier for breakfast
I'd like to see you try! LOL
Mr.Pipes class is so boring.<U+E404>
lol juju said she got her! We'll see.
keeps pooping in my refrigerator. It was funny the first 6 times, but this is just gross
"Fantasies Come True": I'll be accompanying Stephanie D'Abruzzo & more at Broadway Ballyhoo tomorrow night! See you there!
I'm glad you trust my opinion on these kids, because watching them in the combine is the first time I've seen any of them
Man wtf am I doing up gotta see the Lawyer in the Am ...
nice... and now they're fucking.
Psh I can't wait like three days for you to drive down here haha
conversations with sofia >>
given the situation he's in probably not a bad idea!
And what's worse is that the #beardgang can't do ANYTHING about it.
thanks that was fun,!
ATTENTION Moms and Dads "Child Support" isn't just something you "Pay" (Monetarily) its something you "Do and Give".Spend QT with ya kids!
Wanna change my twitter name but cant think of nthn else that fits me more than my current name ctfu smh at myself
Levron , wade give the ball to lebron deg if he pass it to u , u betta convert smh
Enjoying day one of my 2 days off :)
Sometimes I think: Why is so Awesome? PS: You're my Idol, guy !!
eh, the athletic department already gets plenty of my money.
I made myself a boss <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8>
I possess an oldy-timey apron that my grandmother used to wear! Love it. Had to have it!
#thunder is definitely going to start trending in LA. This is WICKED!!!!
Club JADA TONIGHT IN DAYTON OF THE CHAIN GET HERE
my guess is awake and ready to do the morning show.
God, please bless to keep slaying...
huge thanks to for hosting the World Premiere of Field Recordings last night!
Thanks for being my 100th follower! These days it's important to celebrate the small accomplishments in life :-)
is 3 states away from me & i cant meet him....
#Colts trade up to pick T Y Hilton. I was wondering what the guy on the Monopoly box was doing. Surprised he runs a 4.3 40.
yuck math! Haha I have Blevins too
Make change happen!
im following :))))
:) you're the bomb, Kendra. Thanks for listening.
Supporting the Baltimore Brew at Liam Flynn's Ale House. Really great people focusing on Baltimore. Really important work.
I smile way too much((((:
Random question. Have you ever been interested in the paranormal?
Thanks for yet another sync for me to check out Istanbul. Been on my mind + name of my blog Crossroads Dispatches.
happy birthday clayton, (:
fuck.. some things are better left
I'm looking for sponsors for the River City Rockin' Blues Festival.If you're interested in being a sponsor or just involved,let me know.
The most important thing you can do as an actor is to never stop working. When someone asks you what you’re doing, have something to say.
StaffingMarketplace will be exhibiting at Staffing World 2011
Queen of hearts
every1 follow me...i follow back!!!!! :)
Urs Gauchat recommends Konya host events year round as a cost effective way to build global interest & help to create a global city
so happy you came! Puerto Rican/Latina power at work!!
Now I'm finally heading home...for real :)
Goodbye budget.
Happy Birthday man. Have a good weekend.
Thanks to all who saw our readings in Appleton & Green Bay.. hope we sent some good karma the Pack's way as they hit the practice field 2day
I don't think the world needs to worry about masculinity disappearing any time soon. #com106 when movies centered around it exist
I encounter 1percenters almost every day here at work. They have no idea I'm an activist. It's like being a fly on a very #greedy wall!
Everything you say sounds really creepy when you're not wearing pants.
Thanks for including City Tavern in your December issue! #Historically accurate
it gets used a lot more than that. Monster trucks, roller derby, etc. Over the winter especially. I agree with your point tho.
missed #shetime last night but my all time favorite on screen romance is and will always be love and basketball
when does Castle air its new season?
Frustrating day at work. Time to kill some mannes tonight. #gwj #tf2 Who's with me?
Our pleasure!
I don't care what happened last night. The Wisconsin State Fair was great today!
hhaha so weird, I just got this notification right when my alarm went off
The Movie Sensei doesn't want to tweet about "Sister Act", regardless of the fact that it's trending right now.
You can just mail it?
Its easier to fall asleep at school than at home.
Tell me how tall I am because I didn't know !
glad I don't have to leave nyc for a Notre Dame game in 2010
Stopit? Like seriously i was jokingg.
The best player in the league is either Kobe Bryant or #24 on the Lakers
": I'm disappointed tonight. Lost an amazing girl to cyber bullying & bullying altogether a year ago, & it continues."
#protip mothers day is coming up, right?
It's time to get what's yours! Stop letting others control your destiny.
this is heresy!
If you like check out our site www.lifetrophys.com and give us you're feedback. We want to improve our site for you.
UR SUCH A HUSTLER
I think you're one who should be allowed to live wild and free. Go out and get some clams!
sigh. We lost. If I bet £10 on Sweden winning by a goal would have gotten £75.
Yes! Digging "Stay Away From Me." It's got spunk!
Welcome to the family of AxeOff USA! We look 4ward to having you as a host! Mike Ladd Entertainment LLC www.AxeOffUSA.com
my room is so hot come on man
BREAKING: Extended Mayan Calendar discovered. Archaeologists conclude this change to be implemented by the 'pro Obama' Mayans.
Today is Full SFX Makeup Test Run Day. Please help us celebrate by painting your face with various fluids... and follow
but that was my point. I was responding to your "wait for the facts." The state has to prove, but a narrative helps them as well
Was out a few days this week taking care of the move to TX. Next week, I'll share some thoughts about events along the way.
Bay Area here I come!
tomorrow at , the Millennium Arts Salon will feature a chat w/ , + jeffry cudlin! 3-5pm
haha I was not enjoying myself. Love spells for that lasts special request?
Yep RT : if Chris Brown & Foo Fighters get to go twice, we want back at LEAST 3 more times... RIGHT?
I had such a great weekend ^.^ and they'll only get better from now on. #summer12 baby <333
Swimming further to train for next triathlon & avoiding heavy foods that slow you down.
On my way! To the Waffle House then to tackle on today's activities Vac yay!
Assoc. Dean just suggested I use a typewriter to fill out my sabbatical application. seriously. smh.
I get all my news from the author of the "Bum Bum Song"
My wife is wondering why I am giggling right now #I'mStillimmature
Yes the professor himself will be appearing ONLY for the VIP session. He's a really great guy if you've never met him.
Emperor X (full band!) and Timbre tonight at the ! 9:30pm!
I wish we had a class on Quantitative Research Methods I could take. Get well soon to my brother,
Im Good just ain't good enough. Trying to get to great... Rocko said it best...
I'm down! It'll be me, 5 MICA students & Jason Sloan.
um yeah right you wish. Lol. U going to a&b?
Dear can you please have on your show!?!?!? They're are awesome! Funny! & Extremely gorgeous! You'd love em! <3
ha all his other shit probably not the IM GAY though
If u could witness any 2 artists in history perform together during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, who would u want to see?
cant.stop.listening.
I have to say it. The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ.
Hey everyone, show is going to be delayed this week, we don't have an eta on when it'll be released so please sit tight till then
#DesignedToDivideBlackPeople White people
Every true Belieber will always #BELIEVE in everything you do! You're an inspiration to us all :)
ah yea best way to do it
PESTIO=factors influencing the archivist's decisions of what to collect. Political, economical, social, technological, i----, and other.
"Find what you love and let it kill you." -- Charles Bukowski Which he did.
Break it down, Nina Totenberg.
really?! That would be amazing. Hope I have more time w/grad school & no teaching.
Eh, everythings okay. How's everything with you? I MIS YOU D+
RT : When people are deprived of nourishment they are easier to control. Stalin, Hitler & the GOP
RT : FREE LUNCH AT THE WESLEY!
I cant! this is top secret!
I have so much to do before tomorrow.
republican pundit- "we need to make the private sector figure out how to create jobs." .. how do you make someone do that again?
does marte look any more patient at the plate so far this season?
*waits for call or txt*
Made some yummy homemade french onion soup, my trick is molasses stir fried in the onions
Doing a split cd with our bros in Sing me to sleep! :D Hopefully toward the end of June! So stoked!
just when I think he's getting it...
u cool tho slime
Wish I could of played flag football today with Party injury got the best of me.
For those attending the Texas #himss regional conference, use #txhimss to tag your tweets!
I need Econ answers... It's all 's fault that i don't have them
If I keep taking this many notes, this is going to take me YEARS. However, it's worth every single minute. Always learning new things!
Why are we doing this lab when we should be reviewing?
EVERYONE! Go follow ! Make sure you check out their bio! You'll love the account :)
she's jade west
I'm a Very Respectful Person but they're some people Just don't Deserve my Respect.
GM people!!! I'm up bright and early as usual...work, work and more work :)
My good friend started her transformation on Tuesday morning. On Thursday morning she had lost 6lbs! Wow! Good job girl!
SHE RATCHET!!
Does anybody want to accompany me to goldbar? I think my date just bailed.
OhellNooo!!! . I let my mom borrow my blush & shes brings it back all broken & shit.. Ah whatever i dont even wear it. But still :/
Last chance US satty for Aruba this Sunday at 3pm at Isle Pompano, $520 entry, 1 in 9 $4500 prize packs. $60 super says all week.
Listening to ! Cant wait to see this boy again.. Oh and dont forget
thanks for the FF last week!
I diss like all this rich people
Dance Like No Ones Watching! Skechers street dance battle 6
Trying to convince the wee one that she was born at Twin Cheeks medical center in Buttcrackistan.
oh hell yeah shits about to get insane
Chad Edwards, what can we say about Chad Edwards, aside from Chad Edwards?
I'm pretty sure France couldn't handle the both of yous.
The moment when one of the players agrues with him about massaging his legs.
Some people are hilarious unintentionally!!
... Can't wait until his ass gets out
That's saying a lot. Clearly, $they should give you this grant.
Happy Saturday miss your face!! Xoxo
Thank you for the #FF. So nice of you!
Laughin' Dancin' Promotin' will never not make me laugh.
Folate, omega 3, red wine, and healthy lifestyle including cardio health (blood flow to the brain) all contribute to healthy brain function
Indie kid: Chloë Sevigny on sex scenes, internet lies and loneliness - The Independent
Dwight Howard, Derrick Rose, and Iman Shumpert were all wearing the same model Adidas shoe when they suffered their injuries.
I'm serious
heyy, we should hangout today. WALSHY OUR BABY IS HERE!! Im thinkin trampoline #YEAHBABY (: Call me!
Article from Donald Luskin at Smart Money about Health Care reform... "Health Care 'Change' Will leave you with Less"... Think taxes
Literally best Desperate Housewives ever!
Spring Beauty Trend #2: Create a cool Cat eye with black liquid liner.
Happy Monday everyone!
IM CHARGING RN!!!!
I got the music taste of a nigga, *shrugs*
Thanks! RT Be among the first to start following the Brookings Institution's Brown Center on Education Policy
it's hard to know what to do sometimes
It will be interesting - does it read aloud just the tweets or also linked articles.
it wasn't from anyone in my library, but I am lucky.
haha, that was almost a year ago now… how's it been since a couple months ago?
That way I can get my tongue in nice and deep.
the little bacon. (Mermaid) lmao
#DancerProblems Having costumes all over your room.
People watching since I forgot my book, magazine AND crossword book lol
AC on in the office.
To whoever lost their MacBook charger in PMA and never claimed it: thanks. It's allowing me to (pretend to) get work done. <3
chicken fillet
great meeting you today. Looking forward to hearing from you. Cheers!
Life is fool of Crap...
attended SocialMatchbox DC...great tech/media event.
I can't believe RNG is at the bottom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> #RNGeezies fanny Pak needs to go.
I have a serious problem..
it's all LaTeX and R jokes on here, folks.
Recruiting for a Sr Records Manager for a client in Houston. This position will be responsible for managing a team to execute effective in…
QUOTE for Complainers: "Work faithfully 8 hours a day. You may eventually get to be the boss and work 12 hours a day." Robt. Frost
#Melo has to play smart! No stupid turnovers!
I wish I could meet you! ! I freaked when you came
ight tell me what to put
Im bored ..
Today is gonna be a good day...
Ashamed to be a Spurs fan today. Embarrassing collapse this season, we don't deserve anything more than we are getting.
If you don't know the difference between "disk" and "disc"
In Lisbon, 30 min from Baltimore and #SHA2012. So why are we being deluged with snow?! At least we won't be caught in rush hour.
Idc I put it on lol
Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed.
Looks like I go home with my and my each 1-1.
Wen the teacher disses a student and the whole class screams Ooooooohhhhhhh!lmao
What if and fell in love at #NACA?
I know that's what scares me lol
$4.00 plus gas prices people can't afford to travel.
I just want to see your mom honestly...
Next time you and I will battle in SingStar!
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!!
sure :D
yess! But my mom took it yesterday. I'll get it back. Im gonna DM my number
hey its Nate from the Higher Ed Chicago conf. What was the other conf u said I should attend? Stamats? Hope all is well. Thanks
second best team in the state!!
We just rocked the house @ Johnny's, what a win, stoppage timr7
Cutting grass sucks!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I cannot believe he hit that shot. I am staying in the Ville and not going to Catlanta or Blue Orleans.
you'll be missed
Now its time to sign mike wallace, Braylon Edwards and dallas clark
laugh like Niall
yeye. I been thinking about it since then.
Ali's concert at Woodwind and Brasswind is this Saturday at 2pm!
is anyone in #cleveland or #cincinnati looking for a #salesjob? I have job openings in these areas..message me!
Time to play: how much can I get done in four hours?
i no they cancelled layaway sayn they wasnt makn no money chg a fee like errybody else n if u dont come get yo shit u loose it
Hahahaha! You rule. Trannies against animal cruelty! Carry a live monkey and you'll look prettier in comparison!
I just took five extra strength pain relief pills. Shit...
MAX5500AGAP+ , cut your mixed signal component cost at www.synpur.com
haven't heard any tracks yet. hope i remember to OH LOOK KITTEHS!!
cool, see you soon
it has to be my favorite show, ever. She's such a sick botch and I love every second of it. I can't stand Tyler though
Home alone tonight. Well, not if you count the bottle.
romancingdiamonds.com tomorrow!
American consumer shopping experience!
paying more than you should for your business telecom services? Call the people who know what they're talking about! 0844 880 2010
Oreo blizzard dq flow
it came as revelation: sfit had not killed him; #sfit had made him stronger.
Ya sprained a ligament in my back...only a week off deadlifting and running
i want vidcon to be held closer to us
Somebody cutting grass in the rain. Stupid
What happened?
Not doing ne thing today
don't forget to roll your clocks back an hour this weekend! who's using the extra hour to get more sleep?
I swear sometimes it's like nobody knows I'm famous
Have fun at #mw2012! Is going to be in San Diego too?
Philosophers provide answers to life's questions unlike said provider.
Anyone else calling Matt Gamel "Gamel-toe"?
Who bro?!
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job
RT "The best fertilizer for a piece of land is the footprints of its owner."––Lyndon B. Johnson
Just reached my 3,000th tweet. Another milestone!
James class LAME today . :/
In the car headed to Bama with big bro, baby sis, & niece... So much fun, laughs & listening to "Walk Alone" album...ALL SMILES
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
...but being ranked behind teams like Creighton, SDSU, Virginia, and Murray State is something to spout at
Dodged THAT bullet.
"I'm Decimated" - Grafton
I couldn't hVe done it without you...
Lots of celebs in the NFC Championship game--doing ad VOs: Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr., James Spader, Dennis Leary, Jeff Bridges
I voted no to the all-cuts, no-revenues, recovery-killing #debtceiling deal, but U.S. default was averted by a 269-161 vote in the House.
Anyone wanna go to sunroom for brunch?!?! I'm always there either working or eating
I was interviewed for the news today about the work I'm doing for the Seamen's Church Archive! Wonder if I'll actually make it on TV...
thanks Caroline for the great feedback. Love you too!!!
Hey! Thanks for the shout-out yesterday. Hope you guys have a great weekend!
#Jupiter (Pisces/Sagittarius ASC) topics are squared. #Mercury ruled charts work the same way (Gemini/Virgo ASC). Squares are dynamic!
- Likewise! You had me at Ferragosto! :) Looking forward to talking food & sports very soon. - thx!
2 sexyass tracks you should be listening to: 'numb' & 'camel' ( remix)
Is it bad that I'm rooting against the inspiring underdog team in this movie because they're playing Texas?
make that 29
Starting next week we are beginning a Grill and Hang night with our life group @ our house,we'll provide the side dish & soft drinks.Join us
All My Niggas We Should Go Throw a Party in Africa
Ok nvmd I can follow Jon Huntsman ...finally getting to watching some republican debates.
FUCK I WOKE UP LATE
How can I smile when you won't ever notice me :(
Los Angeles Wins Again!
Time to venture out. Hoping for hot guys in sweat pants & geek chic glasses or at least some big subway rats to keep me entertained
Ya I hope so 2
I'll ride anywhere you can pick
Ha! Isn't that the truth. :-)
Dem boiz out im goin home
Watching Young Adult !
Live @ SXSW: We're helping UT Austin get in shape!
Bout to get these floor seats!!!
New York.. you?
Best motivation to run faster is the first rain drop <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> lmao
tomarrow my first choir porformance.......i am soooooosooooosoooosooooosoooosooososososososososososososoooosooosooosoosooosoosooosooo scared
Thank you !!
guess they be missin' terrell p!
Oh... For some reason I was thinking RB3 would import the songs just from the initial Blitz game download.
#40thingsaboutme 35. TJ is my best guy friend ever! :)
#nowplaying The Temptations - Build Me Up Buttercup
Thanks for the follow:
#FF #Gratitude thank you
TONIGHT: The PSA w/ Prizzy Prizzy Please et al. This is your last chance for wavy theremin action!
hey man thanks for followin keep making dope ass beats!
Hate leaving early but wanna catch the end of the #Sixers game
I hope the door does hit him. Hard. RT : Hey Newt, Don't let the screen door hit you on the . . .
great ion know what we drinking on so
Sounds good at the end of the the week (or the start of the week) (or mid-week).
A lot of people seeking new beginnings have never finished with the past
When 2 Pac died music like his definitely died pac had swag, was sexy, kool but still
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com
followed you :) please s/o
It's kinda weird how 1 divided by 365 is such a small number: 0.00273972603
. Dont matter, hes gonna be top 5 next year.
Been a great and blessed day i got to meet a very special friend today and saw some of my old friends God is so Good to us!!
Oh dear now I want to read my book, afraid if I start reading book I will be up way past my bedtime.
you all look like u guys have so much fun u guys r lucky
In turn we encourage fans to download the album from their favorite torrent and proceed to scrobble to Last.fm!
Um, I live two feet from you. I thought part of this deal was that I become your garbage disposal?!
Don't have to take my Biology final. #yes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Follow my Cocker Spaniels too!
Aww, thanks, I'm very flattered!
Where is this "Asia" that keeps coming up?
Totally agree. Don't know of a nice way to consolidate.
will all 8 be in Milwaukee tonight? Cappadonna too?
Yahhh Glad to be a Full-Time Model again at Abercrombie and Fitch HOLLA!! :)) ----$$$
You not being here, is a Good Thing & a Bad Thing...
start making them and selling them so I can buy mine from you now :)
smh that text
life is not over simply bc of testing positive for #HIV #educate yourself!
At school and I just ripped my fucking pants!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : tx u 4 importing so many delicious sakes. Your brand is a "seal of approval" 4 those seeking premium nihonshu
The average U.S. adult spends 65 min. per day on mobile media and 167 min. with the Internet, up 30 percent & 7.7 percent versus 2010.
If you can remember Charles Person's wife's name, you could be my favorite person EVER
the story about guestimating computer chip is pretty cool...who needs sigfigs!?
Why is everyone wearing black on the set tonight?? Is everyone okay?
I have steelers jersey on, my son put on his colts. Whats up with that?
I'll take some :)
Ah! Hurricane Irene is outside my house right now in PA! It's not that bad but it like just got here!
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken. I'm gonna say it like it's never been spoken.
see it... weird movie!!!
4 hours at Alcatraz, but it was worth it!
Whenever you give your word, say the truth
About this whole "finding a job" thing. I found one I want. Why can't it find me.
BETSEY JOHNSON IS AT NORTH STAR MALL RIGHT NOW
Thxs Mitch! RT : Had the best ribs you could ever imagine at twin anchors in old town.
Ceiling fans for the win.
Shaft. I tried two keys but to no avail. Hint: look at the keys. Those that look similar aren't good.
. uses the technology (clickers) to "create reasons to talk," encouraging discussion and interaction.
Anytime! The articles on Organic Connections are so interesting. Just have to share!
What's up Puffy?
ok who r u
“: Get your tree on! Out planting street trees with the neighbors on NE Morris and the great #whatrain? #pdx”!
Hey if you have created something new in music, photography, art etc. let us know! We are most inspired by the work of others around us!
Thank you Doors and Mr. Mojo Risin'. Today is the 40th anniversary of LA Woman
Your dog would not shut up All night long...
Thanks for the RTs!
id take that back :/
DRY PUSSY LIKE BAD BRAKES BETTA BRING UR SUPERLUBE
Some idiot forgot their bag at the gate. Now theres a bomb sniffing dog checkin it out!
Gettin amped for SXSW! Also gettin some road $ together with a gig in OB tonight! Come out to Mothers for High Tide all night tonight!
~~ Mama..she's Lazy~~~~ Lazier than me.
Shout out number two go to . Hes got some good music to listen to!
When i reunite with family members >>
Hey all my IU lovers- go see this weekend at the comedy attic!!
because iPhones are for AT&T and I'm in tmobile and so I need to unlock it so it can work for tmobile. So I ordered my Gevey.
You get mad when a dude calls you a bitch, but you refer to him as a "nigga"
RT I LIKE EM ALL EXCEPT FOR JASON ALDEAN AND MR GLITTERY PANTS!
Only time will tell if im his lady
just got in the gate but that seems fair. Not every MLB park has a fresh produce stand right inside the gate though...
rotisserie style in the plastic casing. The plastic was so hot it literally burned my fingers
needs to come out with his new album already. Its been awhile!
hey got a RT from a local celeb lol. Im a huge baseball fan. But i think sometimes the bar is set to high.
Jae Sic be da illest / Since Mike & Scottie hottest duo y'all seen/ killin' these other kids like a #HungerGames scene
Rocky Mount baby!!!
“: Yep! Had one today! Creepy.” And there wasn't even a full moon last night, weird! :)
Seriously, my need to shop on the weekends is getting out of control.
Drunk and yelling at dog. Josh has got our back. Halak, done.
I'll move back down, to this western town, when they find me out, make no mistake about it
I had to steal your last tweet. because I AGREE!
Kahului Union Church Family Choir will perform at 6:30 this Friday. We'll also have our weekly hula show on Sat at 1 pm with Hui Lanakila.
“Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.” <U+2015> Robert Frost
It's T-Shirt Time! Send us feedback and get an IntroFly T-Shirt now. - eepurl.com/fQo4z
you ladies make my heart smile <3 friends are a blessing
what school you go to?
Pile of stuff to do, only a few hours left in the week: there's nowhere to go but Rice Scene. :rice_scene:
u cant always tell by appearance of course, but isnt it easier to conceal one's LGBT identity than one's race/ethnicity?
you saw the part about tweeting 5-10x per day, right? Not 50-100. ;)
i have 412 followers right now and that's pretty freakin sweet!
the pink hairs actually pretty Hott!!
how did i miss you getting a new twitter?
If someone makes a mash-up of SNL and Survivor resulting in a YouTube video of "Leif in a Box," I will be forever grateful.
Mid May and I have my heater in full blast... What's up with the cold nights?
#WeWereCoolUntil you told me that angels were helping you pick out your baby name
I'm sure they are given free reign to write within a structure. I'm sure Mofftiss gave input into TRF.
Hey #gtmw! We have our first winner, Tweet me a picture of you with a member of Team E and you'll win an Empirical tee too
aye bro we had a ball, good food (thx Ms. Irene), great fight, we had a good time
Compact display density in new Gmail design looks good, at least to me.
Why do I wait until the last minute to do things? Oh yeah, that's right, I'm an idiot.
Waiting for the fireworks with my hubby and kids playing frisbee and UNO. Gotta love it!
Great Music. Boca Raton SUNDAY 7 pm @ Funky Biscuit in Royal Palm Place. Jan 29th Gary Farr & His All Star Big Band
Was just told, "Dude. You can't be gangster at breakfast, man." I'd say I have to agree...
That was a laser. Kid's got game. RT OK, now we all know for certain that Bryce Harper has a plus arm.
Hey #NYU students! Looking for a place to get a haircut? WS Hairstyling is the place for you! Earn LocalBonus points there today!...
Things that I miss about living in a house: a hose, a yard, and a pool that isn't overloaded by chicks who should not be wearing bikinis!
Great talk...I joined via Livestream.
Bears Win! 12-2, I think I saw a few more Cal fans than runs scored.
Breaking Benjamin!!!!!
I miss you too! Have to see you soon RT Doing great but missing you to death! I'll call you today. The girls and I love you.
NFL Draft Seattle Seahawks select Earl Thomas. Follow the #nfldraft at www.prosportsaddicts.com
I'm always the first one to laugh in a serious situation with my friends when we're getting in trouble.
havnt been tlkin too anyone lately
Ready and waiting for you both!
I miss him x_x
Sports Philanthropy panel at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Great to have discussion format
Why must people steal bags of mulch and an evergreen tree from a gated community garden?
what up doe!!!You get that heat me and sent....dm me my G
Dear allergies: I find you annoying go away!
Damn are you Serious Twitter? -__- I guess it's a Sign that I should sleep. But I dnt want to Dammit *throwing a tantrum*
LOL. Copy that. We'll seeya in a few.
Finally updated my background. Fashion for the fearless! www.sperantsa.com
i feel the need to explode ):
I am Corso fan again....anyone who says ah Fuck it on live tv gets the Janet Jackson award
oh man...decent episode except I was worried that someone was going to break a hand with the amount of backslapping going on ;)
RT : Path to the 2012 Farm Bill: Senate Holds Hearing on Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition...
Word. RT It's raining a bit, so everyone has decided to either drive 5mph or run into the person in front of them.
Okay!!!! This will be by second time meeting you then
read the ToS and surrender all your intellectual property to Google. :)
Can't wait to get some blue bell ice cream when I get to TX
hello hanabe and friends
not really lol did you?
You'll be needing butter on them there tatters Miss Knight! Great show,glad you where in EST~!
Every time you tweet, you're talking about how drunk you are & what girl you're in love with for the night. You're a gross man whore. Stfu.
“: Wow! Just heard NEW #NowOrNever. DAMN! Nice job, dude. ”
Working on my fitness<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
P.S. Do we have to work to earn our follow? We'll pay you in beer. Haha...
The past is the past and that is where I am leaving it at.
Decided to give "24" a shot. I'm hooked. Twelve hours in & don't want it to end but I can't wait to see every last minute.
Gmail went down, now Chrome. What is happening?! What did we do? Everybody apologize & maybe Google will forgive us.
heard of a new Brunswick sour?
My earbuds connected to my iPhone.... My iPhone connected to my... Mac air... My Mac air connected my... Wall plug...
made the Austin Business Journal's Top 10 list of Website Designers & Developers. What can we do for you in 2012?
Delta is really fucking me hard right now, now I have to go thru salt lake city
": Awe, I cried when I read this... well, one tear...it made it halfway down my face & dried out lol....jerk!
That's 2 votes for Wisconsin! Haha I miss you! RT : My vote is for Wisconsin"
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when girls wear Jordan's like what r u doing
are we offering students the best learning experience in our current educational system or is there something better?
My family is fucking physco. Thanks for ruining my day you fucking bitches.
Spurs are the #Duke of the NBA
Very cool new app helps road-weary parents find changing stations, playlands & more. Download before your next ... um, download
Going to bed!
gr8 follow for motivation & inspiration RT : Our own CEO is on Twitter! Check him out at !
um you bestfriend does(:
Still having a hard time believing I sat thru that vampire thingy starring Not horrible, but the bed/love scenes r brutal.
Oh God, one thing i know, You are good.
Steins tonight...who with me?
So if I figured out Cheney and I are 1/2 9th cousins twice removed, what would that make me and Obama?
I know more about reds but I recommend HiTime Wine Cellars. Give them your budget, they'll find 1.
Im So Gifted At Finding Things That Just Leave Right Before My Eyes -_-
will the real Jesus please stand up? Too many laws and formulas masquerading as Him.
Thanks for the follow Tyler - can't wait for NTIS tryouts!
walking in with Mayweather? Aw yeah! <3
Woah!! I made it into Austin's favorites! I think I just had a mini heart attack. Now all I need is a follow or tweet from him
Just spent 2 hrs. helping the 17 yo do financial aid forms for college. A good use of my time I think. ;)
Retweet if you look at old couples as evidence marriage can still be sacred.
cool! :D
We will be ready! RT expect a call from me tonight! it's girls night with my friends :)
Should we have a new Fashion Friday feature??? We have some pretty trendy people on our campus....
Hydration for the day begins as soon as you wake up. Keep in mind that caffeine is a natural diuretic, so limit it.
Dear #AustinJava screw you and your company.
same to you and your family
Just finished band practice! I cant wait to start booking shows
well i wouldnt say you are horrible ;) just kidding but if you are free saturday i could come to the KOP mall lunchshopcatch up?!
thanks for the follow :-)
Love that Robbie Ross is wearing his cowboy outfit with the blue jersey he forgot to wear the other night!
Now we are back to what I stated before... The actions of a very few do not diminish this for the other 99%
no, but I think he and I would have been bffs if the cake looked that cool!
Shout out to my KyForward friends who I'll miss. , ,
#Buy30Days its in the Irish iTunes top 10!!! :) <3
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 5
If this day could get any worse...I need a gallon of ice cream. Birthday cake please. Or chocolate chip cookie dough.
Some lady asks me if this is where you catch the red train to Wrigley. Huh? She says I look like a local.
Stop! I rushed out to 7/11 during the break and couldn't find anything I wanted to eat.
My pleasure! Thanks for the RT!
I got the best hookups and info to get hooked up for your music... I'll post more soon!
We need 7 to 8 hours of sleep to be fully engaged in life. Who will have thought this was the message @
Is that the Finnish version of the wave?
Would have been your loyal "cover" if only I could have kept your class ring and you had actually taken me to prom!
This year is my Jesus bday :/ RT : I still have two more years to make something of myself, living in contrast to Jesus's timeline.
The more I see of these candidates, the more worried I become that one of them will become president. Is this the best they have
Time for you too Tweet!!!
good night everyone
First day of community service and all I see is two women stealing all the donated food and clothes. Wonderful.
drunk wiith john! ahh i cant feel my mouth!
Taking requests? Would love a little Gotye as I'm getting ready for my morning.
The band Shag plays tonight at 9:30. They cover a very wide range of music that will be sure to have you rising to your feet and dancing!
Lots of big egos on stage + trying to score political points = great entertainment.
RT If only the Grand Canyon was lead-free. After seeing film Scavenger Hunt I know otherwise.
tell her i dont like her anymore lol
Is Soony a sub possibility?
Thanks for the follow. You get over to #Curacao much?
wow $10 billion in new development in a one mile stretch of Biscayne Blvd is crazy! But that's true
Justin's changing the lens; 30 seconds.
my agent is double booking me alot lately, any dj's out there want to take these gigs?
what elo you at rite now
with my friends
Finishing up the details of some really cool stuff at DreamCoast. Cool Stuff!
tweet them please
In the 1930s, scholarly publication was considered to be "in crisis," says Gitelman, for many of the same reasons we think it is today.
i could tell haha and i know you just made it look like soo much fun so i had to try it
oh haha! Wallace and Ed are leaving on Memorial Day next week, so w/o them, 3 dogs, a bird, a chameleon, 2 tarantulas
Yo! - thanks for the suh-weet iphone case! someone ( ) brought it home for me, since he's stuck with a
it was a good workshop. I have a few students who are on the sight word path in reading. Looks like a beneficial program.
not exactly the same
probably had something to do with that black mark on the season called the brawl with xavier.
hahahaha thanks coach
Trivia time: who infamously shouted, "Take what you can get!" at the local 'bees?
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
Was Randy Newman telling the truth about all the wonders of LA?
Ha! It's a day at work, but not awful.
Now all Beyonce's, Lucy Liu's and Babydolls; get on the floor.
i like it alot :)
sounds good!
got stupid took two massive pulls and then tried to solo bridge at 29 into the wind. I popped.
Yep! RT : Just got back from lunch to learn that #Prop8 has been declared unconstitutional. Fuck yeah, Ninth Circuit!
No Risk No Reward
Same thing should go for a Priest, school teacher and a politician. Right?
Brady's sacked!
Ray Kamalay and his Hot Peppers live at Enso (3/4)
If a person tweets more than once per minute, is there an obsession developing?
My dad:"Kentucky is a state, Kentucky is a state, all the people there are dicks Kentucky is a state" Lolol
AH Lamed out on that one. :o( Red Abbey played a show tonight at #ZiaRecords Did anyone get to see them?
Learned today about the Law of Anecdotal Value and am DEFINITELY guilty of living by it.
RT : Birthday Party Tonight! Everyone Free! Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy #Savoy Savoy
Money long it match the numbers in my social
Our Family is so blessed... God has done so many wonderful things for us. I'm hella thankful
At the risk of sounding exclusionary, how is a burglary arrest in Steuben County constitute #roc news?
i like your song all that ,Iwanna kno can my group do a song with u plz dm me any details plz or check your dm for my number
I Really Like This Song , Its Totally Thug . Lmfao ,
I know very little about this topic. Happy to check out any links, even dubious ones, that you share. Especially the dubious ones.
in that last link, such wonderful things (thank you !)
No other place I'd rather be this weekend. Well...ok...there are other places I'd rather be, but I need to be watching conf.;)
why in the world am I at Hell's Kitchen right now. , explain yourself.
I can fix that. I have audio and video. #stirringthepot is not my style though. At least not publicly.
oh my... i get the feeling something very traumatic just happened to you lately????
Love going to the gym with my wife. It is always better than going alone. Have done that. I am so blessed. Thank you Lauren.
counting all my blessings... & putting em' all in investments...
Mann wants an iPad and an iPhone for his birthday!
So happy to connect with you!
I have a different view of the characters as portrayed in the movie vs. the book.
The #Browns Dline is going to be much improved this year. The added depth will keep the starters fresh. A problem for us last year...
that's strike 1 for you sam.
Thanks so so much man!!
2X the Fun!!! Southern Tier Night & starting at 8PM Skype Session with Phin, Founder & Brewer.
Same. It drives me nuts when they take up space on sites. They are useful for help chats though.
Sterling Silver Amber Celtic Love Knots Ring On Sale | Sterling ...
you should move west and we can make err'one jel.
You know that I can use somebody, someone like you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
"Yeah, beer tastes good"
thanks so much - I'm going to schedule something with you today! I am totally looking forward to it.
lol.. do I need my picture I.D,.. or is that just reserved for the lowly democrat...nah... You have no clue what America needs.
yu turned into a stranger
Would Jose Antonio want his sunflower poem to be in an anthology of Latino nature poetry...?
One of these days imma drive 40west till it ends
Food poisoning: Throwing up in a trashcan in Rite Aid while Xmas music plays in the background.
The Brown Center is now on Twitter -- follow to stay on top of the latest #edpolicy research.
Oh Gods of #SXSW, please let me remember later where I parked the car.
It's gonna be cool ! :)
chilling in my house
Happy birthday to the realest ! LIVE IT!
wait..... what happened?
Studying for an hour = me remembering everything
In the BtoB world, 50% of leads come from web. Up to 75% by 2015
Will be playing on Dec. 18th @ 11:00 PM. I'll be putting up event soon! It will be a late night Los Angeles!
Also, heads up! Tomorrow is Groundhogs Day, free re-Phils all day long!
It's raining again...oh, England - how you do surprise me...
She's stupid to think I didn't see her . She's not slick for nothing .
This weather is a amazing!!!!!
Dat bitch said she hate and i feel sum type of way bout dat...
Oh, I know. I regret it every day.
Hey , and I just saw you downstairs at Citizens Bank Park. Good luck with the first pitch tonight!
American Horror Story shows how creepy is done
#AlcoholicStatus u got a pint of 5 o'clock gin n yo back pocket!
Okay. Well it'll be you, me, and Adrianna home.
Thanks, First Response Pregnancy Test ad on tv!...For reminding me to take my birth control today.
wild weekend. Good Night, Good Hockey! #flyers #nhl,
Thanx for following ;)
Standing room only for Ron Paul in Rochester
Could not be happier, perfect day at the beach with
LOVE that song! Have had it on my MP3 player for awhile. You, David Lee Murphy and Rivers Rutherford wrote a great song!
I was just gonna say that wealthy people tend to vote Republican.
Check me out Dallas: I'll be at tonight at 9 PM. I'll be sangin' and the beautiful will be slangin'
what is going too happen too your p.o. box when you move too Miami !? :O
just got the lowdown on the sudden demise of Domino. The economy, yes, but that the ed-in-chief acted like a total freak didn't help either.
Lately, I've just learned to accept the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
woo! GO SOUNDERS!
Really? how come u don't like it? I'm not crazy about metal but I don't think it's that bad..
this moment in my life is just a chapter in the book....i know the ending.
Ya I don't agree with that at all.....Leave Luck two in a half minutes? Should of ran more clock imho
Mane i really don't like this bitch !!! But i put up wit da shit ..
all i fiend is a queen n my presence i could hold down untill i part ways from earth
Silver Stars trailed by 16 in the first half. Sophia Young scores 20 in the second half.
someone tweet me? :)
I transitioned on the site.
agreed! So awesome but no one else is on it!!
Glad I'm feeling better. Hilton Head here we come!
See you there!
lol yes ma she's my baby it was instant love
title party. #hailhail we are in Phoenix az partying.
haha kinda gross but, good. I was gonna say, if you've never done that you're insane. Haha.
agreed! they're fantastic!
4 second.s....skins win. With a 56 yard pass to santana!!!!!!
But did you see him hit two crucial threes to comeback? The man can't miss! Harden was the boss of that game though
Mind body unity
Please follow mee?? ;)
Maybe if you wear them in a more promiscuos way they won't!
Fact: I #write first and foremost for myself. If anybody else enjoys it, great. If I don't enjoy it, it's not worth the bother.
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow..
Wonderful for those who can afford it. Too bad the SF Symphony Orchestra doesn't have a ticket program for starving artists...
You're welcome!
Visiting the casinos of Biloxi and The Mississippi Gulf Coast
fuente de chocolate con la familia <U+2665>
RT : Baltimore was a parking lot this morning, which made the bike ride in fun as hell.
I could really go for some chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk.
When I'm in a particularly good mood I like to run all my software updaters at once and feel even better when they find new versions. Ah.
Never!! RT“ LMAO! You probably deserved it!”
Need some new shoes.
Yes, it has been important to others. Has often been a battle to explain that I'm a capable developer even tho was not my title.
As Kmiecik said, he signed me up yesterday. Now I can give all my sports knowledge to the world.
ah...home! Check out Titletown Brewery, upper level!
thx alot man !!! you are my 500 !! follower :D respect ;D from sweden
the OLED TVs were amazing, LG killed it. Sphero was good fun. Beautiful new Audi, Ford, and Mercedes control interfaces.
OK, applecare+ must be purchased directly from Apple until approximately 11/14. Sorry for any confusion!
Well, I'm glad I could help! I'm sure it's tiring - just want you to know it's worth it :-)
Its nice outside for me too but have rain comming for mothers day on sunday.
Our perception of the costs of transportation are not accurate. We need transparency in the costs of transportation.
lol yeah I fuckin hate those things I'm seriously like a little girl :x
well that was odd. 64-54 #illinois trailing the #badgers with 1:22 remaining after teams exchange free throws and an elbow jumper by griffey
About an awesome day ahead!
Proud of my Alma Mater... OU played a good game!!!
OMG! How I wish I spoke Korean!!!! .__.
Happy St. Patrick's Day :)
I miss the show Kim Possible!
RT : Im going to need a really good steak dinner and some
What do you do when no one is looking?
The Battle of the Ironclads Civil War Conversation starts at 12:15 today at Baine's in Appomattox. See you there!
beautiful flowers :)
yeah, that's great for me too!
Thank you so much. I'll still be available for crass remarks and mockery.
"As long as you work ethically to your own standard, you will better yourself and get the work that you want..."...
Honestly all I can think about is Steve Carrell, being like,"fuck Im sotired of people wanting me to go back 2 the Office." kill him
what! Your suppose to bathe before work? Must of missed that note.
lol...my jokes are one of a kind. I know you guys miss my bad jokes/puns!
Special Features - 48 FPS: The Frame Rate that Broke the Internet - Flickering Myth (blog)
AH UPLOAD FASTER...my audition for definition0fswag is taking legit FOREVER
There are literally no words to describe that outfit...
#Footloose a fav of dancers!
At and finally got served after 45 minutes. Wow.
can't wait for that new Books record!
World's most inconvenient trend: giant headphones. ...But, where do you put them when not being used?
welcome to the twitter world!! we'll be tweetin it up at #glazierclinics very soon!
Halftime. Colorado Girls Basketball playoffs. ThunderRidge 32 Cherry Creek 18
Mandarin Beijing. New Chinese restaurant in Otay Ranch. Owned and run by local family. So very very yummy!
I'm about to be
#ff love to our newest followers, thank you!
why'd they miss that alleyoop? :-)
seemed like a fine option to me. What good would it be w/o friends? Tho I didn't know it would SMS
This Wknd we will be honoring ALL GRADUATES in ALL SERVICES! Grads: make sure you come - we have a gift waiting for you!
How do I know you read my tweet though...? I guess I'll just have to wait :/
Segura: We have never seen this before. Have you ever seen such passion on both sides about an issue before? It's important and healthy.
Just bought Tweetie for the iPhone. Like it.
RT : In Chrome's ChromeVox the HTML5 implied landmarks are not voiced but explicit ARIA landmarks are.
Common vs Drake??
I love it when I get the unexpected "I miss you" phone call :)
Had a blast..... You coming to the Yukmouth concert right???
follow me please
Can't wait to see ya'll at Cheers to a great weekend friends.
follow back
I met your buddy in DC and we talked about NCSLMA conference. hm:) Hoping to go
#UCantBeToughAndSay you met One Direction.
as opposed to what? Running down the street pantsless screaming billy joel lyrics?
lol I love it! May use that now :)
Parking spot near new apartment = secured. SCORE.
Please tell your announcers that Carlos Delgado is from Puerto Rico, not Panama. For the love.
HELL YEAH!
You never realize what you have until it's gone. - Toliet Paper
yo them good night mentions was poppin low key i hope yall enjoyed them and i wish yall would stop bein strangers
Did the latest Google Panda update eliminate the value of keyword rich anchor text? That's my best guess, and it would make sense.
Just go go go
Sort yall I'm drink!
where'd u go!?
#informative RT : Trying to settle a debate. Did/does Santa leave wrapped presents or unwrapped presents under the tree?
Ohmygawdddd I thought today would never freaking ennnnddddddddddd. Well worth it. Goodnight. CARIBBEAN SUNDAY d^_^b
Related services may include speech and language therapy, occupational therapy, adapted physical education, and clinical services.
Check out this Valentines contest for a photo session with the local and talented dear wesleyann !
I think a glass of Scotch sounds about right for this moment in time.
#ThingsWeAllHate A mom bringing her crying baby to the movie theater! SHUT THE FUDGE UP! ... thank you :*
A paper 2 tests and a final presentation due this week and it's not even finals yet
RT : Getting homesick...I miss bluegrass, a good hike, views of the mountains and so much more./maybe a compromise to KY :)
I want to have a boy and name him Rory
maybe i judge people too much
had a #greatass time at my sis britt's 30th beeday party this eve .. sang happy birthday to her, danced, & had drinks in honor of it all ..
Hi Curly! Hope you are well :) Woofya
Thanks for getting me sick. #feellikeshit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
TURN TO YOU! <3
Thx bro! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : Nice work way to put on!!
he can't go to every city? He's already had a concert in NYC & It turned out well so he's going back.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.
thank you =) I am very excited to be part of the show. Had a lot of fun
I am single and make under $30k per year. Your tax plan certainly doesn't seem to help me. Maybe I'll marry Octomom.
heading over there now. See you soon, sir!
Next four weeks will be interesting.
I know, prices are so crazy right now. I'll let you know how it goes (crossing my fingers Miles does well on the long flight)!
Lmao! Slap him! ": Ew no he did not just walk pass me and call me sexy .. That shit is a #turnOFF *stank face*"
Sure but I don't see any team wanting him to be their starter. Might stay and learn things from Manning!
Did you know the #Badgers are playing for a national championship? follow for updates from Duluth, vs. Minnesota
Jael de Pardo is my dream woman
who deserves to win #FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA oh yea of course my idols ? Love yall guys?
Who got a instagram?
I am not happy, I am vampire, I'm only happy when something dies! lol, a quote from Suck the movie, I liked, and can relate to in some ways
LOL | RT : I live on 16th St. Hard to hear CNN over the celebratory gunfire coming from the West Wing.
Going on stage! Can't wait!!!!
Yikes! But I suppose that's true in a way. I do like soothing indie tunes.
Only good thing about the end of school is no more school work!!!
I only call em down the middle. Opposite of Stwift
Girl: I wanna do illegal things to you(; Ex-boyfriend-like what?(: Girl- like kill you...
Brrr...it's cold out! Call the DC Hypothermia Hotline at 1-800-535-7252 if you see a homeless person out on the street.
Is it odd that I stop reading after every page (iBooks) to admire the crisp letters ...
Nice driving range session with the pops today.
#bestconsultsever Med faculty needs lit review for paper submitted in a week. Wants to buy me lunch.
thanks I appreciate it
Tell Parker to play Ants Marching with his violin at my request!!
Scary. Glad you survived. I saw you talk at BSides LV 2010.
hope our friends in Japan are all safe this morning. our prayers and good energy are with you.
#ifidiedtommorow id hug my sister go to church pray for awhile
In one way or another, I always find myself disappointed.
I'm ready for this night to be over with already. #wannagohome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Congratulations on your face.
When I ask you not to turn down the fan I mean it dumb a.
we'll link up! I'll be in NYC next weekend/week. Will you be around to grab a coffee?
Oh ok, you mean your visiting still....got it!!
Working on the blog this morning anybody have any thoughts on Wordpress as a platform?.
OmG took me forever but I thank God I made it home <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>drivin and couldn't keep my eyes open for nothing smh
Think my bus driver is a man lol
maybe follow instead...
It could have been 4:30 on a Friday you know.
This is a Top10 episode tonight.
i voted all day long, please follow me back
So people have noticed...
Lol I am too! I watch ALL the movies on ABC Family, I love watchin cartoons lol
Aloha Alert!!
Easter Gift Baskets Without Chocolates and Bunnies? Is it Possible? My Gift Basket Ideas, Inc. asks and answers the age old question of w
oh my ok
I dont see that happening anytime soon and im n the house for tonight!
are pocket silks ever acceptable for GOP candidates during debates? Romney could pull it off, Newt might blow his nose...
Citizen Icon!!!
Ben just called me, after dropping me off, just so i could hear "My Girl" playing in the car. hahaha #SoCute :)
Good Morning...You have all the power within you to change your life into what you want it to be.
Have fun. I always love MLA. Sad I'm missing it this year, but just couldn't justify going on top of other conferences.
This law deserves a second look- I hope this wasn't what they had in mind. I get standing your ground, but this doesn't seem right.
hah. no. I hate you.
I'm in NB bro bro
its going to be 62 in my house this winter; i think i may break down and buy a snuggie
Thank you Sen. Kerry for standing up for women and opposing the Blunt-Brown Amendment.
Trying to get the site to accept gift certificates....why is this such a pain in the butt!?!?!
check us out on reverbnation
o god wht?!
shouldn't you be at #tastecamp making a lanyard or something?
(c) that agreed with what hitler had to say and basically sided with him. Then we have to write how our opinion changes.
las vegas? North, south, east, and west please Steve get me the right direction to One Direction in vegas
Your powers of deduction, sir, are simply amazing! lol!
whether riding in a speedboat or flyin high in an airplane was/is a
Hell yeah! I get to be the operator for the rest of my shift!
Wishful thinking that you actually stopped being immature
Absolutely! Thanks for the crushes :-)
Hi there! Yep, I'm in Portland. Do you need help with QuickBooks?
Cinco de Mayo at Paco's! Join us this Thursday night for the best Mex in Orlando for over 30 years!
Do Not-Feed your pet real bones to chew on-can cause a risk of fracturing the teeth & can cause intestinal problems.
I am Not like Ariana.Lets face the facts!Im not talented or flawless.Lol ur exactly like Cat.Lets not lie!Lol :]
Is "severely conservative" or severely anything supposed to sound like a good thing?
And it's hard to dance with the devil on your back so shake him off
Lifes like a coin toss but make sure you keep them heads up
RT : I need to do better w/ my eating habits and exercise 4 sure
Someone like you <U+266A>
Just want to say a HUGE thank you to the for a great season! You guys played with class! Can't wait till next year.
Male pedestrian in Estacada killed in hit and run crash. His friend was with him, now talking to police. Hayden and Springwater blocked off
She sounded a little whiny to me (like when I complain about a bad nat'l pitch), but I did take it to heart.
LOL. RT : Unfortunately my Mind Palace is an outhouse
Start your holiday decorating yet?
hey thanks for the follow! check us out on our www.facebook.com/waterdistrictband we have some demos up :)
thanks. See you at 360 this year?
I know it's crazy lol
RT : There are still a few spots left for the Nonprofit Video Workshop with this Friday! lightscamerahelp.org/learn
I'm impressed by your candid declaration but everything is in hand. Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Sherlock is back tonight?! Heck. Yes.
Oh, you make rude tweets about people without mentioning them? You are so blunt and ruthless.
HEY>>> I JUST WATCHED THE VIDEO.... ME LIKE... #teamsuccessful LET'S ALL GO GET IT!!! ;-)
“: cus i'm dangerously in love with you..” I'll never leave
You look so handsome!! have fun! I'll be watching
Music transcends time.
Headn up for summer vacation in daytona
But we are ballin here lately,yo regg get it dude about time you RUSH the ball! Lmao cat always got to catch it. He's really a wideout!Slot!
Send your Best Luck Puns to and the best one gets an order of FREE breadsticks w/cheese!
nice on the swag bucks!
Too graphic for her to do that -- even on Twitter!
So excited I finally made it to Perrys for the famous Easter dragqueen brunch. now I can burn in hell with all my #DC friends.
lol who all are you with ?
lol- that was extremely helpful how did you know!? now to figure out the correct place to insert the <br /> tag in my table
Beautiful Saturday, Papers to Review :-(
lmao bro it was
That's it. I declare Sublime Text 2 to be incredibly awesome.
Dats wat basically Atracts me the most well really to tell u da truth is their sense of humor...
what to you
“: A hug. Your jacket. Your smile. Your laugh. It's the little things that makes me fall in love with you all over again.”
Been driving since 9pm, 5 more hours till
I wanna go bowling.
“Accomplishing early morning goals serves as a springboard of momentum for the rest of your day.”—Jason Selk
oh yes thank you for that... Now definitley he might. Hey while your at it tell him to follow me back XD
How could I forget #songsthatmakeyougetgoosebumps how to save a life by the fray
haha no way! is white chocolate! #vcu wouldn't know what hit 'em!
RT : Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~Henry David Thoreau
You're welcome! (:
And To be honest its' kobe and artest fxcking fault we lost tonight
Snow cones and thirft store shopping. Successful day!
listen buttface ur the ugliest person here
out of hand lol
Thank U for your generous donation to the Walk 4 Autism Chicago. Maggiano's Little Italy-Italian Restaurant! Amazing Pasta!
Block City
NO IM REALLY DONE
I'm really not a compainer, but this knee surgery has kicked my butt. Severly.
Summer is right around the corner! Does anyone know of any great places to visit on Cape Cod? The best are the Family owned stores #Tell us
"Germany leads in the deployment/adoption of business social media"
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
Started playing with a Demon Hunter, kinda like the Barbarian better.
you forgot FORGIVENESS
doin good.. you check out the music at all?
come on now
If green beans turn gray when stewed, it means they have lost their nutrition.
Cute pic!! Watched the latest #Transformer movie, was good, but def not the same w/o you!! I think you are much prettier!
like I told you before. I'm gunna watch the heck out of soccer this summer and when u see me this fall we can talk soccer in depth.
Oh, sorry! Barcelona
The smell of coffee when you need most is just too great.
oh ok Maybe next week then cuase his moms trippin
I haven't! I'll look right now! :]
Duncan on course redesign - leverage high quality, open educational resources
Got a lot to do today, but I'm not stressed. I know I'll get it done. #rise&grind
RT "postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing until it gets there.” Only when cancelled.
I feel like its a Dre day
Fuck that... Show your face and let's drink!
really!? That's awesome! :)
Pride & Prejudice ** but love Catherine vs Isabella in Northanger Abbey. I see Isabella types in own life.
Get to see tomorrow :):)
Aw poor poor dear... GO DUKE! RT : You got to be kidding me
At taco bell again. I go out to eat a lot.
Where and what was Jay #Cutler drinking in Chicago? www.USSportspages.com
was about 2 cry, when she told me 2 stop waking 2 fast & I said I am a fast walker, it's like telling a whale not to swim
My dog walks around like it's shit don't stink. I got news for it!
RT Gene Smith said he had not talked with any other candidates about the Ohio State job.
Hope the Redskins drafted someone to pick up 's helmet when he gets frustrated against NFC East defenses like he did against
ha! those are classic. I didn't get my start until the Apple IIe/Apple IIc era :)
Take 1800taxicab home WE OUT HERE!!! :-)
Relaxing a bit now? I'm sure it went GREAT.
What is your all-time favorite item to shop for?
We wouldn't trade a two time AS for a fringe starter more destined to be a reliver. Greinke wouldn't improve the #Indians?
i want KOSHER food.. so badly
You can dialogue back and forth on Facebook, Twitter, blog comments, etc.
I saw a couple on a Santa Monica sidewalk dressed like Portlandia. During my observation they eskimo kissed without smiling. –Unsettling.
Thanks!! Between consulting and photography, I should end up doing well, and being a lot happier in the meantime.
I just finished a 2.59 mi run with a pace of 9'38"/mi and a time of 25:02 with Nike+ GPS.
If you are a Mahomie, Go & follow her right now.(:
New painting later on today! Check back in a few hours! :)
Hey we have a dog like that, Khloe <3
Goodmorning everyone and blessings to all. Enjoy your day
No he didn't
Love that show!
A3: Being in premier league doesn't guarantee top sponsor $$. Performance does matter. Team could help activate better too
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
Your welcome! Love seeing everyone's comments on your blog.
you know I just set everything up.
Thank you for the wonderful gown and dress last night! I enjoyed meeting you and showcasing your hard work!
It's almost farmer's market time!!!
Watching at 1 am....great way to end the day
Henderson, Nevada here I come. I found a house just negotiating price. Why is it the one I want just hit the market & they won't go down!
RT : Posh TONIGHT...PLEASE ARRIVE EARLY....PATRON PARTY...SOUNDs by Dj Citi & Dj Double R
what can I say? Guess I just have low-brow tastes.
I will send an email back to you first to let you know that this isn't spam. We will not save your address unless you want us to.
Happy New Year, everyone!
awkward moment when you know a celebrities relative & they walk by you all the time.
I hate 's phone!
You'll be under water in 5 years. ;-)
Repeating the word is some sort of magic :)
I got the only hangover
Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap! Crook-ed num-bers! Clap, clap-clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!
what a lovely thing to have!
thanks! I like laser eyes on my animals.
Work can suck it
RT - I just received my tix for the next 2 Sunday's in Oakland.. Jets & Patriots is coming to town.. New England Pats, Plax...
awe thanks ha
The twitter has been seriously neglected... Will start updating again! Sorry.
Yes, it is a lovely day!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
Any suggestions on where we can get some good pie in #Portland for #PiDay today?
Breaking news! A newspaper published an opinion column by a mean idiot who doesn't know what s/he's talking about.
Great show Jim/James, poignant stories set to a powerful live soundtrack. Go see it LA people!
Aww man never going to get that :( !
:D how have you been?
there's a person on my golf team, and her brother looks like garrett nickelsen.. YES (:
I hope someday you will follow me(:!! Love Yhuu Austin!! Yhuu Don't even know <3
I don't care if they ban texting and driving...my middle finger out the driver's side window will always be legal!
What a wonderful event! Thanks for being awesome and bringing joy to these children.
won't be the same without . Sorta like when left
Looking forward to the Summit on Thursday!
Go to www.projecthoopla.com to join the journey and create a more connected marketplace.
sounds like a winning costume to me ;)
Is it because my father was a prick that I dislike pure rockabilly along with any good old days nostalgia for the 50's?
are we going tonight!?
but you said you had work?
hahaha no. but I miss our trio. can we all do something soon?!
Dukes of Dixieland New Orleans cruises nightly during festival on Steamboat. Lovely cruise...add to your NOLA experience
RT : That bacon question pushed my hunger to the limit... I'm needing food soon.
me to!
Up and ready
what's your beef? Why are you tripping so much?
Ground beef now $2.99/lb at Costco (88/12 mix) and chickens are up to $.99/lb. Weak dollar and high oil costs are draining my wallet!
If G gets suspension it is pretty much over for the Flyers
You act so disappointed in me but really it was you who did this to me.. Apologize and admit the mistakes you have made.
paid for a medium frappe, got a large cause the girl working apparently felt nice. human beings aren't so bad after all. :)
Probably Hughes. Cruz has gone 2 days in a row.
When someone says "I'm really done" their not really done. You are really done when you don't have to say it you just do it!
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
berry nice!
Makes me think we should do more with matching signs to what people are doing in a particular area.
I'm always dumbfounded by women who clearly think they're hot but aren't, just blonde. Wanna give them a dye job.
why dint u hatter go fuck off
Very well done and interesting presentation regarding the best social media practices! Thanks
Fashion show time.
Damn kaitlyn hates watching this video man love you bestfriend <3
Hate taking my dog out in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thanks so much! :D
Follow me /oaksmusic
"i hate Mindlezz Behavior" "I hate mindless bhavior "i hate mindlezz Behvior" Ok well as long as you dont hate Mindless Behavior <3
Why don't horoscopes about love ,success and happiness and finding that special someone apply to people in prison.
hahaha have you seen "the baddest"?
Thank you! I wish I could see his performance in “Death of a Salesman” on Broadway
Day 4 of my 5 day fast. Feeling great!
Building a business is like building a relationship.. Unless you get to know it & put forth the effort it needs u will eventually loose it!
#sla2011 rising stars and fellows in 202. Always a great session.
you're the first person I thought of as soon as I tweeted it.
RT Everybody knows it's a lie when you say your marriage ended on good terms. That's why I blame my divorce on term limits.
how perfect, i was JUST going to ask around twitter about biking in columbus, so thank you for that RT!
How has everybody been doing today?
Thanks, Rob.
I feel the need to create in hopes of inspiring others....
I'm not the type to post my lunch on Twitter, but I do wonder what it will be. Oh the possibilities...
RT I wanna go too the zoo. :(
Thanks! We have a screen printing business, , whom can we talk to about giving a better deal on printing?
Who the fuck gave women the dumb idea that they cannot be considered wack. Some of ya'll are WACK as hell. 6:00
So the autograph session was a success after seeing him interact with #BBN after the session I can honestly say he is a
How does everyone like our new homepage? Comments/suggestions? Pls send to
haha will do!
... "Parental Advisory" sticker. I believed it was a sin to buy (and listen to) their album, but I did anyway. :)
Hey young world (:
"Bad Strategy abounds." <U+2015> Richard Rumelt
Seriously hoping Peyton Manning decides to join the 49ers. Highlight of my day.
If you hear about Norway and STILL support conceal and carry gun laws, you're only a dribbling redneck with base ambitions to "pack heat".
Jesus! I'm taking it with DeFelix 5:30 - 8:00 on Monday & Wednesday nights. Are you in the 6 week program or 12?
Anyone ever been to Monte Cassino? Home of today's beard of the day.
Cool jazz session with Hilary Steinberg almost underway...and they brought in an amazing spread of food. Wow!
I think that should be a yoga instructor at our school. Just saying.
the new bloggingabdc one :)
Need some new music suggestions, what music did you discover while teaching/studying/traveling abroad?
Ive got a Mare ready to deliver twin foals any day now. Successful birthing of twins is 1 in 10,000.... Fingers crossed.
Sin City #Crossfit is participating in "Fight Gone Bad IV" on 9/26/2009! Come join us! www.sincitycrossfit.com
OOHH :) Sounds Fun!
I don't know how many 27th birthdays I've celebrated.
- She had to fly to Baltimore to audition for the role.
Bored? Tune into SFR! www.suffolk.edu/radio. You can request songs by calling (617) 573-8324 or through AIM: Suffolkfreeradio
Cabana Suffolk ave
I need major rest.
At the same time welcoming new fans!!!!!!
Country fans are the best cooks bar none! So I need some help. For Thanksgiving, do I brine the turkey or not and if so, any tips?
:D now I know what to ask for, for my birthday(: do you which boys yet..?
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
Doctor says I healthy and getting a iPhone 4 this weekend. :D
Gettin geared up for the release of the official Doppio website. Big thanks to for design!
Believe it or not, there are local races on the ballot.
sad day. No more crawfish.
Just tapped bucking bock
Did you know that our service is free of charge for copyright owners and can be terminated at any time and without notice of any period?!
Creating spaces for myself.
My man, ! Of course I'm still doing Polo T Fridays. I'm surprised it hasn't caught on more, stay tuned for the twitpic tmrw, ha!
I'm chillin bro can complain been working hard I c u grinding over there how's everything on ur side
For the 8th year Charity Navigator has given a 4-star rating. Only 1% of charities have received >=8 consecutive 4-star ratings!
Thanks! Thanks! #Vegan is the way to be!!!
Happy birthday to the love of my life Jennifer Aniston
...personally I want to see "Daft Punk Holograms" and the hot new band "Lots of White People" (see last tweet).
#Boycott Mattress Discounters for supporting the hate, racism & sexism of #RushLimbaugh. Thank you.
And please don't tell me that I'm dreaming When all I ever wanted was to dream another sunset with you
the journey of a thousand miles began with one step
What message would you send to a student thinking of dropping out? Tell us w/ #IAspireTo. Any soulful advice, ? :)
I scored 71.
I just lost like 5 followers....... :c
CPD just released name of man killed at east Columbus intersection: Aaron Baldwin, 20
not that kind of makeover! although it does sound fun.. I was thinking more of a brows and bangs make over. you can do that!
I want more friends on G+ who's on there?
Congrats on being #AdAge's #Media Agency of the Year!
My fave holiday tradition is eating all of my mom's homemade Polish food!
That's not even that bad! xD
This is Jeopardy!
Watching Anthony Bourdaine stumble down the streets of Lisbon drunk is so ..... so!
#WhatILove is when people stop doing fucking crimes and I can drink all day....
Aha! Designing a postcard for our July art exhibition about SOMA & wanted to capture a similar shot. Thanks for the loc! - Jess
A bit surprised by the outpouring of #SteveJobs love pretty much dominating my entire twitter feed.
#HappyMothersDay "...a woman who respects the Lord should be praised.Give her the reward she has earned" Pr31:30b-31
Tells her I have a HRC sticker for my car. : you're so gay. Me: yeah, I know.
Try to eat healthy 80-85% of the time. A couple options: Make 5 out of 6 meals a day healthy (83%) or eat well 6 out of 7 days a week (85%)
Hungry Howie's Pizza for diner!
Gah! Line is out the door! I guess I'll have to wait like everyone else.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, go check it out!
Please stop talking shit about me.
pencils are the only way I can have good ideas about assignments
I am not college bound yet I am in college
Baltazar broke his iphone after trying to fix it himself! dubmass ha! Do you have a home fix it disaster story to share? 766-1005
Isn't the Kony day this Friday? I think everyone forgot lol.
It damages both clients and the profession to "certify" a coach after 5 90 minute online sessions with nothing more.
Strasburg & Bryce Harper might be the most exciting young pitcher/hitter teammates since Dwight Gooden & Darryl Strawberry
haha! U r so odd... Just sayin!
out with aminata :).
NEW SPONSOR. Thanks to - one of Baltimore newest and nicest bars/restaurants. Friend them.
HSI seizes nearly $900,000 in counterfeit merchandise at El Paso flea market.
I'd rather play with myself then cheat Real Shit
Oh...my. Wow. Congrats!?
I always say theyre like running backs RT : Is it just me or is the pf position the easiest one to fill in the nba?
Also, this #craftermovietitle - Crochets on a Train. Wonder if they could get Samuel L Jackson for that.
Got up early this tomorrow to walk precincts with Scott Peters #CA52. Follow to show yr support
i am REALLY close to unfollowing him. He's really awful
Can someone put the Class of 2012 Memories DVD on Youtube?? Because I still can't open it.
Listening to my true love sing his baby girl to sleep.
March will be here before you know it! Sign up for Broker or Salesperson Classes at www.TuckerSchool.com and tell a friend!
A lot of shit talk from the Sioux fans. 2 questions: 1) what channel is your team on tonight? 2) Did you find your logo yet?
Whew, really was missing you guys when the brackets came out. :) Different protocol, preparing for same trash talk here. : )
tell them to return my 30% off bath and body works coupon! Please.
When they say "herb & cheese pizza," all I hear is "urban cheese pizza." I could really go for some urban cheese right now.
homework? Or finding random cool stuff on the web....
Sorry to be confusing—I didn't explain myself well. 140 chars does that.
iamsick helps you and your intimate social network track your illnesses together | Boston Big-Data Code-a-thon
Wishing all the wonderful Mothers a very Happy and Beautiful Mothers Day this Sunday.
how many views did it get? That's what I want to know
thanks :D
I LOVE THAT STORE TOO. <3.
nice to meet you! watch on comcast OD > Your Colorado > VidBlogger Nation > Tada!
Thanks, Sue ... but I will be at the Empty Bottle for the HoZac Blackout Fest that night.
I have got to have the best boyfriend imaginable. Getting me Dunkin because I feel awful <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Okay so if your gonna say your in a bad mood and crying but you won't tell me why?? Then dont even freaking tell me. Sweet Baby Jesus.
#ondemand check out the qr program at booth 2901
The famous lady in room 6 at the Louvre blew me away.
i need advice me and my friend josh are full on beliebers but our friends arnt and hate when we listen to ur music wat do i do
Im looking for a small business owner who would like somebody to advertise their website FOR FREE online,hit me up
kinda hard when it can be heard through the entire house
Wow great golf rooting for Michelson is toug, he just gives away to many shots, i lilke Johnson but Darren Clarke is hard to root againest
something is broken at that link. : ( Don't shoot the messenger...
Patio opening soon!
If you live in North Carolina...you're probably offended at this scene on #TheVoice right now...
if you had to leave one direction to save Harry's life would you?
Happy Birthday Robert Speidel....we miss you!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
omg mom is officially single. we'll see how long this lasts
Are you Masters or PHd bound? In what field?
Same with my work... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Let's go !
I dreamed last night that I hung out w/ ..She showed me her record collection and asked me to play Hammered dulcimer in her band
I really wish I was at the Houston Art Car Parade today, especially with and up to shenanigans with
sure does...right now years after he has passed on..lol
so he throws it wherever he is and I am forced to ethier trip over it or throw it and which you think I'm gonna do ?
RT if you love with all of your heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You should!!!!!
that sounds awful
The upside of being nearly a month behind on TV is that certain networks' 8-day online embargos are irrelevant.
U join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
That flexibility/searchability is what is most appealing to me, too. Thanks, man.
LoL there go At the Same Damn Time lol
Crazy... It's what's for dinner, apparently.
RT : A man's character is his fate ~ Heraclitus
soon I hope! I'm in Baltimore this Friday but I'm around all the other Fridays in April
Cuban says NBA owners should profit from Olympics, too
I hadn't really thought about it. But now that you mention it, I may have to pull it together. So many laughs.
Just helping out working folks. Somebody has to. RT : injustice today, Scabby?
Just had the worst shot of my life. Holy crap.
Thanks for the RT Joel!
Until Ace Ventura, no actor had considered talking through his ass. -- Jim Carrey
- council vote finally came through - we got our park $!
"Poppy Field need to go somewhere!" #fromthetrack #SantaAnita with
The factor 2 analysis is also very good.
Lunch break chillin. Definitely gonna need to workout tonight after this espresso shake I'm about to devour
If you are at the game I'm going to be really jealous! Go #Terps!
Why wasn't that a goal?
IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
I'm starting to realize I may have different taste in commercials than everyone else.
if you guys love music can you all follow ! she follows back if you ask (:
is awesome!
wrong twitter info
I WOULD.
good! And stop being so hard on yourself, trust me it doesnt end on a good note.
bounce is a good word!!
GUESS who I just emailed!?! I'm desperate
HOW EXCITING REACHING OVER 1,000 LIKES! THANK YOU!!!!
Lolol (: my friends saying
Wow my timeline is actually good for once WOW THANK YOU GUYS
that's hilarious. And sad if it's true. EEEEOWWWW!
Ah lame!!
you should tell people a description of the link not just the link. You erik getty more clicks
. is reporting on road closures to the north near Oshkosh. He'll be following traffic live from News Chopper 12
Not sure I'm ready to walk into a bar filled with BU & Sioux fans. Maybe find some Notre Dame fans, too?
your austream was awesome as always :)
I would think they both would, especially LaRoque but haven't seen anything definitive
I would think a better law for Walsh would be one enforcing child support payments. Behind? No Congress for you
It costs so much to be a full human being, that there are very few who have the enlightenment or the courage to pay the price
I lost your number!
Tore through the Game of Thrones Blu-ray and got Julie into Battlestar Galactica. This is what I did this week.
did I make that word up? :-/
heyy follow me
I was unmasked by my arch nemesis, Radian, and everyone took photos... Now I'm unemployed! #soembarrassing!!
I dont know if he would:/ and NO YOUR BEAUTIFUL I DONT CARE WHAT YOU SAY YOUR PERFECT<3
None* not non for my last tweet
So so true! RT Oh, Microsoft Word. I've met someone else. No, please don't cry. It's just that Google Docs is easier.
Thank you for the DM and info.
Thank you so much! We're glad you enjoyed! Come back soon!! RT : everything was amazing!
fasho cus I need management! DM me the email
Smith expressed great admiration for the Celtics team defense with Garnett as its leader, pronouncing, "He's got a lot left in the tank."
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you. -Anonymous
It's my pleasure.
exactly, that kid sucks on defense
SHIT!! Bill Clinton is coming to EP, & I have endorsed the gringo pretending he's 1/2 Mexican by calling his self BAYTOE! Clinton is pissed
We just added an addition to our family!!!
Walaoeh my sister left me just like that *snaps finger*.
Circus anyone? RT if you'll be heading to tonight, 7p to catch some Ringling Bros. action!
Making new connections!
TYLER THE CREATOR LOOK DUMB AS FUCK ON PUNK'D
Love raw so far
How about a lazy Sunday and we do the cooking?
I'm glad I'm not the only one that wonders that....
that's me lol I forgot about that pic
Enjoying our time at the event in Rochester, excellent turnout
It's hilarious how everyone here in the northeast is whining about the heat.. Try Houston for a summer!
OH no! That's a brand new #computer!!
SMART, SEXY & TALENTED? Do you love to dance & entertain a crowd???? If so NOW'S your chance to REGISTER to become a NJSKY Dancer!! <3
i'm a man without conviction, who doesn't know. we come and go
Kobe got this!!! Lakers to next round!
soo.. what do you think about the singing contest thing?;D<3
I know, I hate getting teeth pulled.
Why is Liz still on "The View"? You let go of the Brilliant Star and Rosie...Why isn't liz gone after the Bill M. stunt?.
Yeah! Taco Tuesdays! :D
Great rum, oysters, and now a torano exodus 1959. Good night so far.
Ew, don't even! -shakes head-
On a secret mission for my station all this week -- out of the state until Saturday. Someday you'll find out why....
A fire alarm at 5 in the am and then an hour later the power goes out so my room felt like it was actually on fire
Watching checking in on Caps
Haven't Hurd from him all day tho -___- blah
Were you watching that show? I could *not* stop laughing.
When striving to make your dreams a reality...don't hate on yourself!
I am in! will talk to the gf soon. cash is tight, but scratching away at the debt and getting really close.
I'm on iPhone lol
Of course I believe in AMERICA. I DON'T believe in MITT ROMNEY. Why? He Is the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE__ROMNEY VILLE. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
Well Thanks you for the support. :) ": u are so very talnted love ur work :)"
you cought my eye is that a good/bad thing o.O?
Rick Carlisle is a bad ass.
Almost the weekend...
wait wait, so I get the toy story bed!?
RT : Found 2 dollars on the ground! SCORE! Reminded me of 's lecture on looking for opportunity!
God will never CLOSE a door w/o leaving a window cracked OPEN for you. Learn from mistakes. Where there's a WILL there's a WAY!!!
How do the #fringe guys keep pulling Leonard Nimoy out of retirement?
RT Pitbull tops the music charts and Nike resigns Michael Vick. If your mom names you Pitbull as a child....
"A man or woman unable to walk ten miles at a stretch will be regarded as a weakling." 100 year old prediction--yeah... right...
hahah! Nope just a new exhibit at the museum
what have you cooked up?
New York is awesome. Fashion week this week but you probably knew that.
RT Registration is open for The Brookhaven Bolt! Presented by The Goddard School Buckhead!
The Cavalier Daily: Cut and Paste Jobs
Its cold and I don't like it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!
We found strep in a throat less place
That's What I Do! Or I Procrastinate.
<3 !!! So fun tonight! RT: " Just watched an amazing show! Congrats CCM grads!! You were fabulous!!"
b nice if it was more specific 2 projects, units, powerpts, availability, etc.
All these okc fans fail to notice its only game 2 ya think lakers cant fuck yall head up?
i hate being in such a horrible mood
Not sure if it was one of the best games I have seen in a while, but it was one of the toughest played. Now lets go dancing!!
Drinking pbr from a mason jar listening to an indie band. I feel like such a hipster
You should try out ! Then you can talk to new people whenever too :)
Today I'm going to spotify songs I heard on the contemporary adult radio station like I just don't care.
Live life and love it because one day youll live your afterlife
Big catch for a #Sooners touchdown by San Diegan Kenny Stills. #Boomer!
stop it ;(
I am watching a friend self-distruct with drugs. Not a pretty picture.
lol I'm pretty your right thank you
Thor is quite awesome... but Full Bot or not, my heart lies with Stark.. lol.
Hey - Word should pull up homophones in spellcheck just so you can be sure your "their" shouldn't be a "there".
Where did you send it?
I completely disagree with that. They have much more than that.
Yeah! Two lushes on a Saturday night w/ ol Mr. Walker
I always get bored of Twitter in the middle of winter. I don't know why.
Raphael, chilled and stiffened
You and Brandi Carlile together are brilliant. I think you should add to that mix and record a trio album!
That's because I got home, had piano lessons, did some of my homework, and then had a 4 hour dance rehearsal. Just got home.
wanting to do a duet with u and tryin to get u on ellen of thts ok and will u follow me so i can dm u something plz and thx
only grand forks' olive garden is worth that kind of wait
iPhone update is taking FOREVER and I need to use my phone... GRR
If love was so easy to find it wouldn't be worth finding nowadays it seem like everybody finding love in the wrong places
MONA YOU LITTLE ASGDJDMSN
As our studios are limited in the number of guests that we can reasonably accommodate, we ask that you please RSVP as soon as possible.
also I don't want to go to the sports banquet anymore oho ho
It is an absolutely wonderful day!!!!!
haha well you're always welcome to stop by anytime
S/O #wonder club Happy Birthday bruh
You created a rain delay to have more cocktails at #cardsopeningday, didn't you!
Classy Not Trashy haha I Like That
Linking our Twitter & Facebook accounts
Don't forget to stop by and receive FREE SHIPPING on your purchase tonight. ENDS AT MIDNIGHT.
My faith to believe is base on the word I received
come to the mall with me !
Thanks, #Pep, for four great years.
Looking forward to it! Sudden surge in interest for tonight's Grayling event
We now offer threading!
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
Let's go Goldy!
Lets go bills
get in late 2nite (layover in phila) and am doing libraries build communities tmrw til 5. will call you then!
Busted my tailbone..... This shit hurts
"all flowers in time bend towards the sun, I know you say there is no one for you, but here is one."
is terrible. This is nuts. 5 homers. I'll take a Sox loss for a Bruins W however
Thanks to for raising funds for us for #AIDSWalk12! Today they gave us a check for $71,510.00
Great to meet you, Terry! Hope your Friday is fabulous!
I think you could do white denim jeans instead:) RT : What do we think? Is it a faux pas to wear denim shoes with jeans?
Be cynical be crazy be whatever you want BUT don't interrupt the next person. That's the secret.
Yes I have officially claimed the title of Chuck's #1 fan by buying a white Yaris 2 door, aka the Nerd Herder from season 1.
Eli manning is hilarious on snl
Be it a sign, a co-incidence, #serendipity, #synchronicity…I can't explain. But it took me here. On the path to myself.
Thanks for wearing a #RachelleBritonDesign for your speech tonight!! Photos coming soon!
Shout out to my mom's vagina for those 9 months of free room & board!
It's a good day for Hue. Don't ya think?
Saving money for a new car
While Pearl Jam had personal angst and Creed had religious angst, Days of the New had social "I hate my town" angst. Kinda punk in a way.
hopefully we can work together sometime.....
I have thought of fostering cattle dogs, but I KNOW I'd end up adopting them so I'm better off not starting down that road at all
answer your text
send Congress out of town on a long trip ... best answer!
Is there a more precious gift than the love of cat?
And that's a wrap on
cant wait for #raw :D
Very happy to see Toby Kebbell's star on the rise. He's had my attention since "Dead Man's Shoes."
haha what happened?
take your time. Writers block is the worst. I write a lot for work & when I am blocked it kills me! We'll be here when you r back :)
Documents signed... Mom has a home again (starting Monday)
google it
*attention* everyone follow
RT Legal Clips: Advocacy group asks U.S. Supreme Court to review suspension of Virginia student for spitwad incident
Lectora hasn't upgraded in years! Zebra is an unconventional UI.
ah! My neighborhood! Hello, you!
Is the Ravens playoff game messing with anything you have scheduled?
let's do this guys!!!
Coding an app to perform basic market intelligence for a top electronics brand
I really DO NOT wanna go back to school on onday!!:(
lol I can do it but I'm type old fashioned. I wanna with one person. Not just anyone lol.
You would know better than almost anybody!
Hooray NJ Devils!! Peace out Philly! #1975 #NHLPlayoffs #NHL :)
Sleepy... So sleepy... Oh yeah and starving. At least I have a PS3 and cable to keep me from fallin asleep. Keeping me from food? Harder -.-
syncing to kindle now.
hey thanks for the follow!
literally! it was so awesome! em does a great sarah.
The 2012 baseball season kicks off next week! What is your favorite baseball memory?
5 men who broke with Occupy Cleveland movement were charged with plotting to bomb an Ohio bridge. We discuss w/
I'm not tired!
I'm holding two extra passes to Social Distortion. DM me if you want in
Q6: What European-inspired delicacy would you include in a holiday feast?
How soon 'til you announce the winners of the Prom contest?
Can you invite a heart attack? Try a Fat Cheesehead at Fat Sandwich. Cardiologist optional.
“: Broxton got $4M from royals. Plan is for him to set up. Physical tomorrow.” #Royals Crow to the rotation?
Sad. And I was coming over later :(
Lets go Lakers... that's what I'd say if i was a Laker fan haha
because i saw you sellin tickets earlier
As opposed to them saying they are worried they are going to lose?
getting ready to laugh
Marty Robins is good stuff! Proud of ya, girl!
It's killing me, lol
THEY DID NOT EVEN SHOW LOUIS!!!!!!! Wtf is this ?? They did a close up of everyone except him. But he did rock his suspenders;D
Does Pence keep you company in the steeple?
thank u mama
Join us Wednesday night July 6th from 10p-12mid for jazz standards at Jovita's on S. 1st. No cover. See you there.
Bring the kids in for some new exciting books! And at 4:15, they can meet author Roni Schotter and hear her new book!
you gonna be riding in ur dream car when we move to LA cause I'm switching the silver surfer for Bee b4 we move!
And thank you for being followable :)
If we're going to do this can you do me a favor and make it more sooner than later
I was surprised with Mark Ruffalo's performance...he did awesome as Hulk!
yep, turned it off myself when it was a 24 point game with 8 or 9 mins left
Another ex of laziness compared 2 other generations....our music can shuffle 4ever. B4, U had 2 get up & flip/switch it.
Have been off here for awhile. Need to know if these peeps tweet: Usher, R Seacrest, CeeLo G, Ravin Symone, Elton John, Jermaine Dupree.
RT : Judas kissed Jesus. You better watch 'em. Have a great weekend folks.(!!!)
Really looking forward to the slides from the #mw2012 Tate metrics presentation! I don't know who to tweet, but let us know when they're up!
Twitter is great in awkward ass situations.
Good morning!!
Curious on Designers thoughts on the user experience of Facebook's re-design?
#Health #Tip: Yikes! Just 30 minutes of secondhand smoke a week can up your risk of stroke by 56%!
Very long talking and than justin bieber with boyfriend song...... So beaitufull and amazing babe
let that dude know that the pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now..
You had to be there!
#WeCantDate If you think everythinhgs annoying like
Lol can you not be fucking annoying
"Since that day, when people have spoken to me of "genius", I have felt the inside pocket to make sure my wallet's still there."_T Williams
Long time no see Las Vegas! Excited to be back at
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "J-BLADE - THA LIL RICH LP" coming Feb. 17 via promo!
Merry Christmas every one
#EliManning is a pretty funny guy
were in the hell are you? Orch isn't the same :/
BELOW THE BRIM is working on the background and details for its animation/ cartoon.
My lamp is on right now. My aunt tried turning on the tv, and it didn't work, and she asked if the power was out lol
i give most human beings the benefit of the doubt at first. if they pass muster, we can be friends.
Be sure to read Parable of the Talents, too! Sure sad she didn't get to finish the trilogy.
man in here chillen we killed the recording i say ayyyee Tedddyyyyy!!!
I Know D:
lol aww don't be modest, ya both come up with some knee-slappers, least I enjoy 'em ;)...thx, I think it's fair
I swear for my parents!
had to follow a fellow Ironman! looking forward to the info
hehe<3 I wanna be gorgeous like you!
Yay ! You deserve this!
Twitter now feeds to my website. I think.
Back at the desk after three days of conference and one day of clearing desk and inbox. Time to write and read and write.
It's 3AM and we're at the park making mischief! >:D
Thank you :)
15 more tweets
Happy Birthday! Another great year ahead!
#goodthingsinthisworld ponies and barrel racing (:
I have a mash-up of "Blame it on the Bossanova" and Camelot's "If Ever I Would Leave You" on repeat in my head.
LOL! #techcomm & #stcorg are rather huggy! “: It's to balance out the hugginess the rest of the time.”
Who's up for a Ah! My Goddess marathon? I am the living embodiment of Keiichi Morisato.
You are seriously the best! We <3 it!
Fight the cold with some $5 truffle Mac-n-cheese and great deals on drinks from 4-7.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
Who all went to Pridefest this weekend? The Tool Shed had SlutWalk Milwaukee flyers and were handing them out like crazy! Did you see any?
thx! your head is swimming? in media, of course!
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Anonymous
had better keep winning...she deserves it!
The only problem with loving a dog is that they live for only a short time.
Watching Krapp's Last Tape while listening to Peanut Butter Wolf yep good times
Sat 10am: Little Buddies film series-top documentary from Tribeca Film Festival, "Racing Dreams." Recommend ages 8+ & doc fans-Tix $5
you go girl
Let's go Wolf! Lead the Brewers to a victory today - we're due! On a one game losing streak...
Crowdfunding Pioneers Launch Professional Association in Concert with ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Much Love dudes :)
Recycle, reduce, reuse...its on the loose
if y'all gonna have boyfriends then ima find me a girlfriend...
RT : Selling unused logo ideas/concepts — Go for it. Clients toss away jewels for garbage constantly.
s/o to sparc mac lol nice 106 bro
Lisa Salters is a Total Vision of Loveliness! Pure class & Beauty Personified!!! #crushing lol<U+263A>
Chatard is going 1:1 iP@*. They'd probably be very interested.
I think maybe so.
because when I start getting close to 900 or 1000,people start unfollowing me and it feels terrible
Keeping an eye on the latest on Bobby Petrino. CNN affils to cover a pro-Petrino rally scheduled at 8pET at the Broyles Center.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that once it is competently programmed and working smoothly it is completely honest. Isaac Asimov
I want a teacher like MR FEENY.
Thanks for your RTs, good souls!
jus came from Great Skate
Is hoping jthegerberbaby is having a wonderful day!! Such a thoughtful stepson!
the #Packers have the best "Offense" I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!! Fuck all #Packers haters yall lose and we win!!
Let the raining begin!
NFL cancels HOF game.
The big performance enhancing drug debacle is around deer antler velvet aka what the antlers shed. I want to know who figured this one out!
Once it does the choke its a wrap lol
Want to learn how to lose weight with idiomatically://fatloss4idiots.com/?hop=tonyclark
haha you'll find your guy some day<333 he just might not be me.
"i'm okay" a girls biggest lie
Bar Owner just asked for a New Neon (pointing 2 mine) After asking what was wrong with the one he already has, his response blew my mind.
ice tea, soda? cus i saw it in his mouth & still evn it hittin ring post broke quickly & glass lookd thin special made prop?
that's talent ... i want pics of mascara RT Watching a gal do a complete makeup application..on bus...no mirror.
ragstock has a huge selection
You're welcome!
24 hrs to the USA cool
The 5,000th replay of MTV Video Music Awards is underway....
We just shared the song. We wish Bryan and his family all the best!
Nerlens Noel may not even qualify.....don't sweat it
First time eating Longon since moving to Oahu. Yum Yum :]
has anyone out there used mvelopes?
Heading out the door and plowed like a corn field....should be an interesting night
You may be able to see the top of my desk soon. Alert the media.
When you see an actor on tv and you try to remember where else you've seen them.
because no one is perfect, youll find something wrong with anyone you meet. . . give it time
Panda express for breakfast. (;
Okay, if your too over weight to walk, then what the hell are you doing at an amusement park?
Let's go Hoyas!! Team Porter
Hey...not sure if u watched the Mayweather/Cotto fight, but was he in the ring w/ Mayweather? It sure looked like him
thank you!
can i be your toiletgirl? Idek what that means, but sign me up! (;
my heart goes out to her family
Late night of and I watching Twilight Zone reruns!
St. Louis was just ranked as the best city for cheapskates. No wonder the #STLCardinals are such
Thanks for the mention!
Vinny Curry & Tommy Streeter i like here both picks
Chargers Left Tackle Marcus McNeil out for todays game - odds Julius Peppers kills Phillip Rivers today?
well that'll work ...as long as you've got something....beneath it
Wow... My day is wrecked...
meeting a friend for lunch and then will connect with u!
you're an animal
Free big macs until 8pm today all the fat hoes bout to be der ahah .
huh?? I mean like maybe if a girl wasnt horny a guy would get mad and think it's a big thing
i just need 42 more followers! :D HELP ME?!?!???
it's okay. Has not creeped into my top ten
Just came home from Jon's concert. Best performer of the night was a December-born boy that looks like a 11yr old Harry Potter. Stunning!
but I think people are always the same they just put up fronts for those that they wish to bros them differently
It is! I've been so sick, mijita.
Lets get married
TSA agents shouldn't try to be comedians.
Alright alright alright... You gonna learn today!!
you are brave!!
' webinar on March 28 w on mobile math and April 12 w on digital storytelling and iPads
Man it's nice outside but my bed won't let me go
I jus want cut my legs n throw them olver my shoulders lol
Now that you say it, your team is named after him. Apologies for forgetting that & for being too lazy to look at the matchup.
Dis boy and his smexy dance moves :$
Lol where are you? Maybe zane can take me but idk
Catching up on last night's tv.
Shane!!!! I love you! :D <333 sending you much love.
OMG, SAME!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it EVERY TIME.
A cow or a bull?
the bartender just had to google where William Faulkner was from and WE ARE IN MISSISSIPPI.
That they looking and talking and giving opinions means they fantasizing bout what they can't have. Don't worry bout nothin.
It's hard not to have a ton of mixed feelings about the passing of
Sun safety and personal safety what a great combinations.
thanks for spreading the word dear! Only 86 followers away from 1k!
Pinterest must be pissed that someone is making a grand a day off their site when they're making nothing.
620 million visitors visit Google.com daily.
Back to the business
as far as i'm concerned, you're just another picture to burn.
98 bodegas roda II filled with mushrooms is great with mushroom risotto.
nah. They're all still asleep lol. I don't remember what happened last night at all.
WWF Dick Clark
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
I meant to LA
I'm in a VERY good mood today!
Who's excited to watch #DarkShadows Yay!!
shut yo sweet ass up
Everybody has 1 family member that's funny A'F . My mamamaaaaaaaa duhh (:
Vegan nugget thursday with !
#truestory my man.
to many creepy dudes checked me out at the mall today...well two were kinda hott ;) and kept smiling at me 0.0 haha
RT : Pretending to be happy when you're in pain is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
what is it called?
I was told a player can get older, but the jumpshot stays with you. Maybe you can get Kobe to show you that fadeaway jumpshot?
So who would of thought John Travolta was a nancy?
Huge crowd at Rock Center ice already. performance coming up soon.
my thoughts and prayers are with friends and family. It is so sad :(
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-41
it was incredible.
I have no idea! Lol I resigned from KISS in March hon! I live in Ohio now :-)
Staying at the Sheraton for #mobile2012? Remember that check out time is noon.
Haha okay! RT : Starting the day with 's jumpoff mix will make you wanna party at 10am hahaha.
Bad news for Justin De Fratus: Shut down again for at least four weeks. Flexor pronator strain. -- Matt Gelb ()
In case any of my beautiful family & friends want 2 send some joy to the Knowltons LaGrone Funeral Chapel 900 S Main St. Roswell, NM 88203
Big Z welcome to Miami!!!!
This episode of Lioter Squad >
Are you planning on doing an LA Twitter ride while you're here?
I cannot wait to get a new phone!!
Wow! The "Susie Shoe Shine" can get pretty interesting! LOL
Their behavior is a product of their own conscious choice, based on values, rather than a product of their conditions, based on feeling
I find new gen ready and willing to learn. More senior people seem more entitled
Is it just me or was the WMYB music video different on NICK than the original. Still great thought!!!!
Ohey babe you're back, one sec!
when can I book you guys for a Saturday at T's Place???
Gosh people might say in obsessed with Tinker Bell which of course I am
thank you! We are all okay. The tornados missed our house but we have wheat from a field in our yard
Or just get some Salt Lick at the airport. Same same.
#ISTE11 I need a session on beginning an iPad pilot at my school which includes the info about the Apple school volume purchasing.
"I think happiness is finding a few extra fries at the bottom of the bag" - michelle johnson
Cat - what does an interdisciplanary approach mean?
Rhinos are really just old, fat unicorns. Don't argue. U know i'm right
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to some good info from you!
Sharon Dunwoody, : Objectivity and balance are (flawed) sophisticated surrogates for truth telling
no... Sad face. Can't see them from my phone..
thanks so much! We've gotten some great entries! I am going to go take a look at your website. Happy Sunday to you!
I can tell that you've been practicing!
I hand write cards too :)
#PennState students, rioting will not accomplish anything. Don't make our university look any worse.
I'm excited! Just have to save as much money as possible lol
I have the best people in my life right now!!
No shit. How do you have a career? Where's your loyalty? Huh? What would Eddie think?
IPhone & iPad2 in memory of the great innovator Steve Job.
I believe I did see a tweet from him that he would be there
What are your favorite resources for conference poster presentations? I haven't done one before. Thanks!
Very good! The cabrito was great!
When they tried to make her go to Rehab, she should have said "YES, YES, YES."
clarity all the way.
Things I love about Baltimore: May means that for the next few months there will always be a festival going on every weekend
are we seeing athletes doing social media well translate to $$ like more sponsorship money or opportunities?
keep talking...it is inspiring me!!
way too stoked to go to #coachella with the most awesome person
2 of my fave and best social media thought leaders on the social biz panel at #socialmediaweek. will be fab!
Lmao Girl To Late
Today was great! :D
NEW LoCash Cowboys song in the New Music Spotlight at 8pm then try to win more Country Cash after LoCash $$$
Getting my tattoo draw up tomorrow. pretty freakin stoked :)
Who out there can tell me what kind of tax the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the income tax is - direct or indirect?
...a perfectly natural response to plumbing issues.
I'm fine. how about you?<U+263A>
Morning started with taking lots of elk pictures. Next: Tillamook Cheese!
You're welcome.
Another beauty of a day in #Dallas! Love this weather...
right like for real.
#BmoreFail "Infrastructure is asphalt" - &
i miss me some CX! Love from Detroit.
I bet she reminds u of me
lol damn. At least you're honest
this dude
#ThisAct is over so guess its time for me to take a bow.
ridic, loves it !
should probably start homework now...nah it can wait:)
So excited about marketing track for our Ignite event in March; innovative social uses, proven lead gen, successful ROI tactics
hon? po-HON?
Funny how much people talked shit on Twitter in highschool yet they are all getting it now lol
had a great time at Radford today, can't wait for the fall.
Thanks for the RTs today Brandi! Have a great evening
Wait wait, what?
was she stressn.
what??? Congrats Anne! Bummer it's not Denver August 2012!!
dorks are adorable (:
i was about to prank call you but i remembered that you're too lazy to go upstairs and get your phone haha :)
Looking for a great birthday idea for your child and friends? Check out our party section at www.bathandbodybistro.com
check your voicemail homie!
Want to be a good dad? Get off the sidelines and get in the game!
"Most people run a race to see who is fastest; I run to see who has the most guts." -Prefontaine
Thanks! I know this I mostly about me
Also, today has been as about as pleasant and rest full as I could have wanted. Good reflection on some things. Good vibes, happy heart.
he talks a good game but his actions don't support the words.
going over the results of day 2 of #1khomesrva. Great volunteers, outreach workers, and partners! RPD does a great job!
Still need 2 - 4 chefs for Tenant Resource Center's Iron Chef Event on Friday, March 23rd at the Brink Lounge 5 - 7pm. Interested?
i wear my own style of clothes, listen 2 my style of music,do my WAY tha treadWAY!Tha only time i follow some1 is only on twitter!
Pinterest is almost as addicting as Tumblr. Follow me! Username: recordinmotion
I just heard it too . LOL my dad was jamming
These refs are not having their best day. Clearly a travel.
It simply cannot be morning already, can it?! That's impossible- it's not true.... No
Thank you so much for the tweets and support. Heading to arena now... It's time!
Taylor Green's batting song makes me want to dance
Movies tomorrow night witttthh my momma & daddddyy and Saturday is kings islannd with my girls!
Laying in bed and can't make up ur mind of to hot or cold
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. – Mark Twain
1 more week till the launch date and soon to follow a big party!
Everything looks great so far some occasional showers will be on the way of the game but better than yesterday nd playable (NY1.com)
Individual and Group Workouts done ...headed back into the Gym and work with these AAU teams getting ready to head out of town this weekend
So , my mom's not even home yet -__-
Have you tried #pandolfisdeli meatballs?
Fired up my fire place for the first time this year. Wondering why I didn't do this earlier...
You running Sunday?
on tonite, vs conservative talk radio. "you nevah call!"
Pain , Pain just by seeing stuff my heart breaks
hey ;) when I'm looking throw my timeline i always stop and look to see what you tweeted its always funny ;)
Starting a contemporary adult band called Scooter Commuter
I'd rather go to the dentist than a wedding.
agrees with the time traveling Coca-Cola commercial. Scientists, you've got 9:30 minutes left to figure it out! Tick, tock...
Sweet minivan - thank you Hertz!
living the life!
I fucked up. Life goes on
...I'm also not sure why I care...I mean, it's the Browns after all ;)
Their are so many Iago's out there!! Trust no one.
Thanks for following!
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow - Imma Pimp! Wow, that was craazie I got that like that! LOL
Looking forward to it! ": being the best basketball player i can possibly be will allow 2 become the next P.Diddy...
thanks for the kind words. means alot ;)
I am now the kind of woman who owns a fashionable pair of leather boots.
love the pure connect. Kinked shoelaces a nice touch and my kind of attention to detail.
I'll check. maybe some AC/DC and Rush?
This weather is absolutely amazing. #lovingit <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
And the May-ness has begun....
These two kids go hard! -
I want to take a nap after school so bad, but I also need to look for a new job. I need more time!
that septum piercing dawgg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Thanks Erin for sharing, I love it.
A new theater production hopes to make science sexy at Details in a live interview at 8:45
Today's high is going to be 81 degrees another day to put on some shorts and soak up the sun and #God blue skies : )
Bitten by the maker bug: one man&#39;s first steps with Arduino
Ronny Turiaf will start for the injured Heat forward Chris Bosh in Game 2 vs.Pacers. Bosh is out with a strained abdominal.
Yo everybody was on Friday. Meagan Good was so little Up here, she was too cute.
um, that would probably be the most legit thing ever. doooooit, i dare you! :D
david silverman is confused!!He needs a Savior-& he will meet Him one day!! All I can say-I'd hate 2 have his lost soul & may God be w/him!
Well, hair 582 jiggled a bit. But, you couldn't tell on tape.
We walk by faith and not by sight and not by appearance.
Haven't been on forever! Varsity football give you no life.
$$$$$$$$$$ 1000/ ticket to The Eagles concert at MGM Grand right now
The Rip-Offs is just the best ADHD music.
forever and never lol
appreciate the love!
ebm haha please and thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Behind every smile- there's a drop of tear. Within every tear- there's love.
ahh how i love watching the tyra show everyday at 3 , ;D
Thanks Scott Friend for the presentation at iLab last night
...always requiring new assurances from the object of its interest. Ann Radcliffe,
JESUS is yo friend!!!! And me too...
How are you, meng?
Love is a grave mental disease. ~ Plato
great to hear a Chancellor with such passion about the importance of a strong university brand and message
are y'all having success finding talent from #StarCastAuditions?
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
Cream first?
I challenge all girls who claim to be "such a guy" when it comes to sex to go fuck 3 random strangers. Oh you won't? Then stop saying that.
Only 10 more minutes to stop by our table in the foyer and chat with !
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, check out at STATUS LOUNGE.
Contacts app approved! Never lose touch with your friends again. Look for RememberMe! in the app store within 24 hours!
is hard,but i choose Ariana Grande :)
653 - idk you that well but I do know your sweet :)
#nowplaying "Seashack"- while reading about Haitian Vodou (voodoo) by the pool.
you're not alone and I have early start today.
Everything was handled well, they did a fantastic job!
Sending Sunshine from FL!!
school til 11:01 tomorrow then going to king's island
I can't beleive this dog ate my Jimmy choo wallet :'(
the amount of Disney Instagrams in the next few days is going to be
You are a complete joke!!!
I'd like to get out in front of this thing & say FTR, I oppose the future bail outs of California, Illinois, & New York.
finally made it happen! Thx ! “: yeah!! been waiting 2 yrs for U to come to San Jose”
Happy #FF to some Design friends
Glad you liked them! Thanks for sharing the great pic! Now the question is, what to order next time...?
what about you?
#DesperateHousewives series finale. Let the sobfest begin.
yeah I think each photog will have some in each show. One show is focused on the river and the other is freedom of press
They just have no idea how well-behaved I really have been. You should've seen me in action in my pre-mom life. :-D
I'm a fan and I demand it!!!
Merry Christmas!!!
Never apologize for what you feel. It’s like saying sorry for being real.
If you're looking for a new TV show, HBO's Veep is fantastic.
Recession's over.
I am disgusted he is "worried". At least someone has the guts to stand up to evil!
25 nominees for the NASCAR Hall of Fame announced today - give and a follow to learn more & vote
Interesting argument being brought up in the documntary about the Little Rock Central. Are AP classes a new form of segregation?
Whataburger needs to give out some free Patty melts tonight! Patty Mills just scored a carrier high 25 points.
Mac Gaming News returns after a week off - www.macgamingnews.com - live at 10am Pacific - #mac game reviews, news, etc.
Happy Fourth of July everyone. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day!
The Adamouski international art competition is CALLING ALL ARTISTS!! Join our member community, be noticed, and submit to the competition.
#NEOSOULHAPPYHOUR5/25 > Live Sound > The Arts > Cocktails
OMG taking me back to my toddler years...the Elephant Show?!
#preswk12 studied what people were uploading, how, and where. Also how it was accessed and what metadata was available when accessed
Thanks! I'd be more than happy to talk with someone to discuss the difficulties!
I FEEL SO SICK.
RT : thinking 'bout you. <<really?
It's so. And all the #Starbucks are closed. I thought they would only close during
#PresidentsDayPornoTitle Back to Back Bush
Had to reschedule for tomorrow. To make it through the night I'll utilize my cheap health care / pain relief option:
How many KY fans are going to wake up confused tomorrow because their couch is missing?
did you have the kid lick a little salt off his wrist first?
We were kind to ourselves today by wearing our sunscreen towelettes to protect our skin from the sun! :)
I dare him to duke it out with Joe Giudice.
lol ya and I'm still up
I just found a bunch of old letters from years ago.
The letter 'A' dose not appear in any numbers from 1-999...mind=blown
Hurray for the #JOBS act! TechMoola will embrace & allow equity crowdfunding once the legislation becomes clear.
RT : Kind of perfect ": Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter on Broadway."
Oh I'm not feeling it today thank god :)
Listening to the game on the radio and with all the cheering I thought Phoenix scored!
Thanks for the follow
last day in THE house. Eek! The last bit of moving is always the worst.
So dumb. That's entirely team dependent.
": Elevate" right now
guys that have long nails...-__-
So sooty I was not there to hold your hair back... Hope you're feeling better.
Priority mail delivers to the moon #jsyk saw it on a billboard
Twitterites! Come out tonight to GA Tech to see David Bottoms! is giving out 200 free copies of the book. Bring friends!
#np, you can get it all bow weezy!!!
how many of us have said the #Yankees are going to do damage this inning? I have said it the last three innings
#SFAD #screenwriting - what makes a great pitch?
"that doesn't make any sense."
Happy Friday! Literacy Fact.... "50% of NASA employees are dyslexic" readfaster.com.... It can be conquered and IR can help. Call 275-4040
I hope you had a great New Year! We gotta work out together soon!
I hope it breaks so I can get a new one!
really?! :o
Global Elements is having a rocking day!! Thank you for the business everyone.
Thanks so much!!!
Join the Alliance for Ideas That Worked-Rapid Fire Innovation , Tuesday the 20th at 3:30pm.
My voice is gone folks. Glad there are so many are other supporters out here to compensate!
Aw love you too, Steph! :D
My cousin just turned on TWC and promptly kicked me out. Will be in Memphis by 3:30pm.
idk what that game is. Is it like a movie question game?
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!! STOP SHAK N & STEP UP ! 10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIDROBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY. Page Themes Page Themes
Lol. Yonkers creep me out alil bit ! The things he does in that video O.O - Zaona
We want to thank the mayors office gang commission division for their help & support!!!
Enjoy a fresh at #ZombieFest tomorrow for just $3.50. Goes great with brains AND burgers & is preferred by zombies everywhere!
Thank GOD Baylor Won, So happy. and the rest of the team, Great Job!
When you run out of cash at a cash only restaurant on mothers day, do you leave your mom behind?
I was a few minutes ago
Red Door Spas in Tucson is offering 10% off any RED product in their retail boutique. How will you #paintthetownred?
That's one of my 10 favorite movies of all time.
Bossman brought lunch! Tomato Basil Soup...m so good :)
Watching part of Ken Burn's The National Parks documentary for the first time and it makes me want to take a road trip across America.
We are, but even before the upgrade I was really amazed at how well it worked.
Your mama is so fat, when she sings, its over.
welcome to #Twitter Monica lol
salivating... Its Mukeu
The hollow points are the worst. RT : I'd say PPT doesn't kill people. Bullet points kill people!
Great Friends, Great Tweets! Get well, stay well w/ great oral care. www.closys.com
So pumped up about the concert tonight
hey sunshine
I'm finishing packing in flannel and heeled combat boots. I feel so Rosie the Riveter right now.
When was the last time you actually went into your bank? ~ jesse
lol....that's not something to be proud of
Starting to receive submissions for TheJUMP. I hope these things keep rollin' in.
thanks for the CMH love
#AskBilas Can UK win a NCAA title with Marquis Teague at PG? If I have a concern it is consistency from Teague at the PG spot.
I'm so excited to see you guys back on the abdc stage!!! You guys never fail at putting on a great preformance!
It's rare to find down to earth individuals like my boy in the music biz these days. He'll make your project sound right.
Any truth to the reports that the RNC has officially endorsed Romney?
The capitol rally is being interrupted for wedding photos.
Shawn Camp's probably the most reliable guy the Cubs have right now.
Darling Bevinski - read your direct messages! Love from the city of brotherly love... - T
RIP Carroll Shelby and condolences to his family.
Seen any good movies lately? Looking for some recommendations on what's worth seeing.
I won't argue with that.
My mom is so embarrassing! I was talking to on the phone & she was talking about how big some guy's ears were... ((x
we lost bc of him and he is the worst player, screw him
yes! :D that would be fun to be able to go! :)
Impressive! Enjoy...
What's happening? Why the Comcast hate?
I think your fever will decide if u go to school, don't you? Not me3.
Just cried that good cry you cry four months into a relationship.
#Rocked The Club Last Thursday W/ ... Now Its Your Turn To get #BodiRocked This Thursday At #BODI | FREE ALL NIGHT!
Yes... picked up a major boating client today... More to come... Who else needs marketing solutions for a lifestyle product?
#IDidintTextYouBack because if you just say "lol" or something unsignificant, i''m not interested
After no OT in first wk of #NBA playoffs, 2 in past 2 days. If youre Jameer you HAVE to hit that. Good fake, open look…game's eite hit that.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened. -Mark Twain
...I won't be leaving sweet tweets like I usually do, but I'm still here in spirit. :) Some bull junk happened, gotta clean it up! xo's <U+2665>
Supercharge landscape media player for iPhone/iPod Touch coming 2010! Follow NOW!!!
IsAnyOneUp has officially been shut down... but where will I find pics of fat tattooed naked girls.
Obama's Rolling Stone treatment -- politics to pop - San Jose Mercury News
Happens to me everyday!
I wonder if we will get some of the snow that's in good ol Indiana right now?!
Seeing go radio in 30 mins. So stoked!
The Smilers RULES, you know! ;)
“ Cant wait until 5 o'clock 2 trip off and and my new boo”
when i told you the definition of "how someone can love someone so much" i was talking about how i feel about you.
TODAY IS ANOTHER DAY,BUT CAN U TELL ME ABOUT TOMMOROW.Hm
Im Aiming At a Million But Shooting At a Billion Then Fly Like Im Leaping Off the Highest Building
If u miss Lux tomorrow night ur a fool!!
cause you can't really come :(
this area has bred some great horses in the last 10 years!
Stupid high schoolers with party horns
John, would love to craft an experience with some of your classes on LivingSocial. DM let me know!
says "tonight we dine in hell!"
I want one!
Never ended up making it to #yolo ..
need to provide leadership to small business to encourage them to hire seniors
The Bulls can't hit freethrows
Thanks for the RT!
Is anyone else noticing the sudden and rapid decline of SSD prices? Something's happening!
Ew. My dad was trimming his nose hairs at the table..
Between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. every Wednesday we offer a 10% discount off of our already low prices.
heading 2 chicago in the morning 2 do a live spot on Bloomberg. thank GOD my mom is tackling this 1 b/c live tv makes me nervous as hell lol
Phones open at 6 am for big radiothon! Call 1-877-719-KIDS (5437). All money goes to help sick kids.
Congratulations on all of your sucess!!!
Follow for a SHOUTOUT!
Ugh I swear Navy Army might be the best bank but damn it's also the slowest!!!
Anyone who's been stranded at 3 am with a dead car battery agrees!!
can't believe how unbelievably nice some people are! I am blown away by kindness
This needs to happen more! RT Wouldn't be Opening Day without a fan running on the field.
LOL! I was just gonna tweet something about #Boyfriend cuz i just listened to it 4 the millionith time! #Swag,Swag,onYOU
Our Art Show #WarisChild'sPlay will be featuring some interesting pieces. Such as 4,802 toy soldiers and sculptures made out of legos
how did u make bieber's suit on your backround thing change colors??? .___.
Mke. Mustangs coach Bob Landsee on his now released kicker: "He couldn't hit a bull on the butt with a handful of sand tonight." Awesome.
Great call with Mitch Daniels. Glad to hear he supports the #NoBudgetNoPay bill.
Get a massage for only $25 for one hour for season promo, call 719-201-7640 to make an apt.
Congrats! When & where is the launch party?
looks AMAZING!
CRACK SAUCE tonight 8 - midnight
good morning. Give me a shout I'd like to connect with you about working with some ur writers at Pulse
keep building connections and referrals. Let's explode this thing. www.referralkey.com
I think when they saw me breathless, running in for a cut-in.. they got the idea (just hope I got all my buttons on my blouse)
#WhiteSox game coming on in a minute. It's one of those horrible #Fox broadcasts.
Ain't been tweetin in a while
nice vid, sad I missed that day!!
": Trust what God is telling you and see the return on your investments!!!!!! : ))))"
damn straight boo.
Excited to hear my beloved on Leno tonight.
Cleaning my room for the first time in two weeks... Damn, can't even see the floor right now.
hahah Oh I see. Mother nature saying a big fuck you hahah
Hubby come home today can't wait
Ever wear an inappropriate shirt to work underneath a sweater- only to discover that it is freakishly hot in the library?
is speaking our language - right message, right person
soon enough that may change!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around the world!
IT DIED!! ALONG WITH OUR DIGNITY AND SELF-RESPECT!!!
sounds like a solid theory
Kay cool c:
Drunk sex? RT : This middle white woman looks old as shit....dang TO.
My room smells like Raid bug spray
#WhatILoveTheMost seeing my family happy :)
I really need to invest in a digital slr!
if they're willing/eager to learn
Sid Covington from Lone Star Rail District thanks Eckhardt for LS funding from #Apple, says it might be a bit early
i love how bobby (mgf) knows my old username like he knows who i am haha <3
Just because that camera didn't hit the player, that doesn't make this any less of a very serious issue.
I Receive it in Jesus name... RT Season Of Restoration!!!!
I have no friends. who wants to be my friend
it #makesmesalty when and NEVER notice me. :(
The movie 2012 is just out of control. :(
Be sure to find out the Chicago Citizen's impact on ABC 7 Chicago's Cheryl Burton in our 47th anniversary edition 04-18-12
Happens to all of us. I was just having fun.
I want a dmt prometh blunt...covered in oil and keif..
Perhaps my issues concern the oblique aim toward a "general public." Edification is one thing but it must be contextualized.
well I guess I'll be seeing you there then!
my eyes are getting heavy.
Eye-opening financial talk with <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Rihanna is the hottest thing I've ever seen.
That CAN'T be snow already... Have a picture? Twitpic it to us!
Thanks for your response! Have you gotten a chance to check out our current exhibition? Would love to hear what you thought!
just staying on top of all my 'kids'!
nd ur tummy better get better
Hello twitter people! What is happening in the first few minutes of Wednesday (EST)?
SO so sad Alexander McQueen commits suicide @ age 40 :( www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/top/all/6862160.html
RT Who's excited for tonight? Best show in tv!
Hopefully the crew can get it together tomorrow.
on the plus side, you get to take an aluminum bat to that copier
what are you doing for social media week? is doing a How To Do Social for brands event at our offices
This generation of kids coming up are gonna be horrible!
Shooting interview portion of mini doc tomorrow, super exciting can't wait for the project to really start taking shape!
*GASP* You mean social media is not some sort of magic fairy dust for marketers?
I just want you to be proud of me.
Ladies only Follow on twitter he on a quest to get over 1,000,000 girlfriends all over the globe and I think he can lol
Nat'l campaign a lock by Spring RT : Melissa McCarthy has brand potential. Funny and relatable. Bridesmaids success now an Emmy
We agree! You can definitely count us in on tuning into #SharkTank too to watch our client :-)
#neverforget that only YOU can decide what you want to be! Don't let anybody tell you otherwise!
I don't like him.
I already lost it for aforementioned violation. I bet I can find another before SXSW is over though...
So instead of being reddish brown, my hair is now completely brown and it looks like shit.
why did i leave this project til now
just got our twitter page set up...looking forward to a few days off, then getting ready to head into the studio before our Ashville trip!
I can def help you get your ideas on paper! check out my work at www.leocortesstudios.com email to
Want to come to my house next?!?!
Chris Christie has started to annoy me
Baseball query: When players go yard, they touch their lips and hearts and point at the sky. Why not when they strike out? Or single?
I think is writing about this topic! You should talk to her more. But IMO, rational me accepts that for 1/2
Counting the days until March 17th - I can't wait!
Wow , I've been sleeping al day
Put away those terrible towels till next year. Go back and shovel that snow.
They key to having a good future is making amense with your passed
Happy 2012 to everyone!!! I hope you have an amazing year filled with great memories!
Can you say 'suh-weet!'? RT : You can now again take a stroll across Maple Canyon across the Quince Street Footbridge!!! Enjoy.
Come to Atlanta and I can show you! ;-)
His name is Austin... and I kinda have a crush on him but it's one of those awkward ones of I like you but I don't know you crushes
Was it just me that thought #LevitatedMass was a floating Catholic service? Disappointed when I found out its just a big rock.
alrightyy ill do it when i have time (: and then send it to youu.
Ahh D; i know but i wanna see youu ^-^*
MY NAME IS MULA!
Evan Turner really is VERY GOOD at those shots
:D >RT : OMG. Total food orgasm
love these dudes! thanks for sharing the video link.
Checking out trailers too
the IDEA is that rich people will hire more people just because they can afford to.
Soo excited for Mama to receive her gift today!
BRIC Nations (Brazil, Russia, India, China) all four have now secured spot in Top 10 economies. (CIA Worldbook)
I like that. I just gave my daughter (7) a laptop and 15 mins later, I saw that it had nothing on the iPad she had already been using.
I don't think that's enough dude. You might need to pay a fine or spmething. LOL
so uhm. i kinda missed justin at the fight yesterday someone wanna send me the video or?
that would be cool if you were, it would also make more sense because your good at every thing you do!!!!
lucky u <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
WOO! yeah, come on over!
I'm going to print out my script tonight for the first time since I fully finished it! Yay!
I am so incredibly modest.
yeah and cool :)
Presentation on listening bodies today in America's Convention Center Rm 102 Level 1. Hope to c u there!
I actual knew that. Idk why I said Carlos
I hate how messy my room is right now!
Thanks #kubasketball for one hell of a year, so proud to be a fan, and I have the Self confidence to say we'll be back soon.
Knock em out, P!
Peter's Prep Hockey Game vs. Seton Hall Hockey Game moved to wednesday Febuary 8th. No broadcast this Friday.
when I seen you I didn't recognize you until you came closer I was like Aw her nails are done look at you !
It was SO nice meeting you in NY! You and the crew were so sweet to me(: is so lucky to have a mom like you!<3
ha it's funny cause it was about you
My Summer = working, school , traveling and keeping kids <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
snag it never launched. changed biz concept to vacation packages. new site will be save on stays. in process integrating all the code
A strategic, focused job search campaign is an absolute must RT : Oregon's unemployment rate now at 12.1%
No room at the inn, we're having this baby in a barn.currently no delivery rooms at n.side
My artists are working with quite a few producers right now but we always need beats
WILL THE RED SOX RESORT TO BEER AND FRIED CHICKEN? MORE AT 11
Thanks so much!
so happy I'm not alone on this one, glad you can relate! miss you too- hope you're having a great semester and holding down CP!
I'm supposed to dance to it or worship with it? It's confusing...
i bet something else u do after ur fb post will get u fired though!
I have a few questions about WM28'
Wow I am finding so many interesting people here. Realy lade back too.
is plugging her twitter @ the #ISUSMSymposium i think she wants to boost her follower numbers! She got me!
LSU is gonna bring the rollin to the tide
This one HAS to be ReTweeted... Lol. :)
definitely need to try and pick up another RB. Jones against the Jets in week 1 is not going to be pretty
True. It's Cheez (as many Americans know). RT : ": Squeezy cheese is awesome." &lt;&lt; It's not cheese.
When you think of what type of man would even desire to be president today, it is no wonder we get what we get in the Commander in Chief.
fascinating + frightening presentation on how jihadis use gamification in online forums to drum up interest
My strange addiction just might be the weirdest show ever, like wtf who snorts baby powder?
Lawson puttin on a show!!
Yes it does--thank you kindly! :)
.: .0106% of population showed up at MLK rally on the Mall.
Aw, crap!
how did you get in there for free?! There is a $3.00 cover charge.
not on tonight....Damn it. Unless u have the nba package......
Aftern. dispute:should I get something from #Magnolia since I shlepped myself to the office from the airport on a Sun or not?
Good morning!
Can't a young nigga get money anymore!
writing is always more than just writing.
Thankyou for following me. I wanna be a verified Arianator, how do you do that?
has a single out and will be on Elen according to #SxSW panel! Yeah!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 7
gracias, oh-soon-to-be-tenured-one.
I thought you were the king.
- Larry explained this and said he meant less of a mover(legs) and more of a stand his ground and fight guy(getting older).
somebody should help me get 7 more follower.. please
Hope I'll feel better by tomorrow
Watching 2 broke girls
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
conga line to pacha =]
That's a generalization. Not all public schools are bad. Madison West High produces kids that go to Harvard & Stanford yearly
Just filled out my bracket. Who do I have winning it all? #NorthCarolinaTarHeels!
Just saw MJ's sparkly glove.
Am I the only one who didn' t know Dick Clark was still alive?
just watched the "put a bird on it" sketch for the first time...until just now i didn't know what the hell it meant
You've got to role with the punches to get to what's real.
game tonight!!! Glad to have them finally back in town :)
Still getting my hair done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
so do u think uts gonna be easy taking on the fruit pebble at wrestlemania?#RockTalk live
Accessorize Like a Queen With Cleopatra-Inspired Chokers TREND: Cleopatra-inspired necklace WHO 'S WEARING IT: Whitney Port, Kourtney
If I added up all the time I am waiting for some kind of render I would probably decide it was worth upgrading my PC.
Meanwhile, Arturo is sitting there laughing at me the whole time.
Vic in No Cal just murdered Jay Mohr in the Jungle
Ah! Autumn in Tucson. Our patio is heated and the soups are on. Stop in and try one of our delicious homemade soups!
anytime! If you need more help just let me know!(:
it is what it is tweeps! Happy Easter :):)
JPMorgan went from hiring 1 in 10 to 1 in 3 #veterans with active search teams. Understanding culture from within is key.
Its inevitable.... I'm going to have to get out of bed today.
Can i ever get a tweet from you? lol
Make a chart!
it just sounds sexier english is boring
banged it out.. n im out..
I constantly feel like I'm at a fork in the road, maybe not every day but a few times a week. Maybe that's why I'm always stressed.
Sweatshirt is on. Go Pats!!!
hahaha hell yeah knows who peaches is. (;
How many votes does a corporation get when it enters a voting booth ? None, 0 nada,zilch It doesn't have proper ID.So there.
Comps have been sent in for repair. Footage and pending posts were saved but need to be re-edited. :-(
thank you<U+2764>
AT, I think you need to explain to Eli what priorities are.
Doctor who is awesome
Headed to the Albany Civil Rights Institute.
pulled weeds, scrapped moss from between paverstones, put down mulch, rearranged patio furniture and spray painted a wooden bench.
Kicking off the weekend with a racquetball game at the club, up against the champ this morning...wish me luck.
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because we have Strait, Cash, Twitty, McGraw, and Hank Williams .
It's "National Chocolate Chip Day"! Time to make some fresh cookies!
gross dude
awesome tat
maybe she should stop banging Breezy. Role model.
I am under so much stress. What else could possibly go wrong in my life anymore......
Hilary would be PERFECT for ! I can see her hanging with a Grover/Oscar/Big Bird trio...
Np bad season
Here we go...
I hate when people say cum instead of come. Haven't you realized the difference in twenty years?.. Or have you just never gotten laid?
Rt: Lot of talk about crossover votes in Dem primary, 17% of those who say they'll vote say they are Repubs.
You are treasured, you are sacred, you are.. his.
you too stranger! How's it going?
I seriously dont wanna leave my bed and go to work :l
#SmallFrySoldiers I dont think enough people followed ! Keep going :)
I lost the 10 dollars, this time for real! #MyKindOfLuck haha
Cmon Marquez. Third times a charm.
i love you! we have great times together that i aint ganna EVER forget!
Dat ass, part V. Morning Edition.
We have a great deal going on at Atlas Dreams Languages LLC right now. 10 weeks of conversational Spanish for $100 only. 10 weeks of conver…
More haste, less speed.
motorola triumph. i only get nervous in the case my core apps have issues with specific phones.
Recieve ONE Jan Marini Skin Care Product 1/2 OFF when you buy one of regular or lesser value
that's what's up.. idk bout our schedule but we may play u guys.. still independent?
And the 1st hasn't even ended
Bulgogi for dinner tonight. It turned out wonderfully.
congrats girl!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
No:/ did other people? I WOULD HAVE IF SHE WOULDN'T FIND IT CREEPY. I do know their address
Nothing beats seeing the #WhiteHouse at night.
will do
I'll email you a friend request tomorrow. :-)
Bynum with a triple double today. If he could get his head on straight could really be great.
Boss! Boss! Boss it up! Boss it up! Let's get BOSSY y'all
burned 263 calories doing 30 minutes of "Stair-treadmill ergometer, general"
Heard multiple reports that Braun's team successfuly recreated the elevated testosterone level. Any validity to that?
Woodjock Facebook IS UP!! All photo's from the event are posted by athletes..from Bronson 2 Bernie. Take a min & like us!
Or has anybody seen it ?
Consensus of conservative pundits regarding #Fldebate : Media was unfair, or did something wrong. Wa!!!!
True Compliments will now donate $1 for every letter purchased, to Ecotrust who funds local jobs and ecosystems!
and I dont have a car anymore
: must get my mind off crack - website statistics crack that is :)
Kings take on Utah in just a few minutes...who's watching? Come to the Rubicon to watch the game!
hello! You too!!
Gotta start spending less money on food. Just love to eat.
RT : I am early for #smallbizchat for 1st time ever!
What's this "outside" you speak of?
RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane n Indy to play in The #SuperBowl. #TakeThatSh*tCancer
I'm pretty excited to read The 99 comic book. Every child needs a superhero. #WhamBamIslam should be on #AJStream orange couch :)
I'm sorry cause they're just stupid and they really have no room to talk. What did you ever do to them?
All you're gonna see from SOC members today are countdowns. 11 hours and 9 minutes. <3
Rumor has it President Obama was about to say something really juicy about Sharia law right before he turned into a pillar of salt.
thank you! I'm actually here most of the time, next trip stateside will be next year to launch 100 days to life.
I know:)
Experiencing technical difficulties so this morning's radiation flight is delayed while they get a tech in to replace a motor.
if anyone sends me a message from TrueTwit validation services and that the only thing you sent me you will be block and marked as spam.
I'm really starting to wonder what Mr. Mahone would like for his birthday(; <33
#teachers - are there any documentaries you like to use in the classroom that inspire quality student conversation?
A couple real niggas in the building.
The awkward moment when you're having a conversation in your head & realise you're making faces that go along with your silent conversation.
safe to assume they fade out at the same rate. Safe to assume also that iTV is def Retina ;)
I heard they call ya sweet dick willy!
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
OMFGGGGGGG, LOLOLOL. YOU WOULD CINDY, YOU FUCKING WOULD. OMG.
Aw Shucks, yer welcome! ;)
Threw out the first pitch, ”caught” a foul ball, did a sportscast live without a functioning IFB...normal day at the office.
you're amazing.
either honestly. Last names Or twitter. Or some identifying faxtor
There have been worse days.
Don't ever disrespect my man!! I don't play that sh**!!!!
No???? Love this move!!!! Howard as a judge will be hilarious: never seen the show, but will watch now! Next judges: JD and ETM!!
What ami supposed to do about they say but you told me to tell an adult if some one is bothering me so now imma start f kids up
Hey everyone, check out our new design!
i have a job interview @ taco bell
So Jayden's at wrk wit me today....
At home sleeping :) Happy Saturday!!
Almost got run over by a drunk librarian on a mobility scooter. This not how I pictured my death.
Rene is a resourceful matriarch. Perhaps some kind of hammer, sickle, and star motif leotard could be put into the works..
u got the ride
that's awesome ! Love worship art.
Is this the optimal direction we should go? Any driving concerns?
I've also seen live a couple times and he is fantastic...high energy, not too many slow songs...perfect combination!
Do you want to win a free "Beautified Project" CD? First 10 people to retweet this will win!!
Stupid rain is ruining my plans for the morning to walk to Oklahoma City bombing memorial.
ADP is the industry leader in payroll and HR outsourcing - paying 1 in 6 people in the United States on payday!
anyone else experiencing some slight twitter fatigue as of late?
to get money for weed
We are here to partner with you to create the home and personal life you truly want.
Just got to for Hugh Bob and Nikki Lane. This joint is packed!
Happy St. Patty's Day Beer Lovers!
My girl just rep the stage at Klub TRU!
City Year Milwaukee will be stopping by the Marquette University at the MCC --MU students come say hello!!!!
It all depends upon discipline an self control.
I've run into that a lot...the dryer thing. It's a bummer. That should be a thing, making sure everyone has a washer/dryer.
I'll be at Six Flags in Arlington tomorrow! Come join me if you can:) eeeeeeeeeeeyeahyuh!
9:00 on the east coast! Welcome to
Haha no such thing man, we still here.
Keep it coming,TD. Enjoy your pro opinion and insight on the position and league.
lol college basketball
Cargo train, just in time to name the thirteen original colonies. My mom is really surprising me w her knowledge of us history
should have bought one dude. Still on sale if you wanna go fgt
Fighting to offer free services to homeless people. How can we end homelessness without new ideas and services? Open minds = open hearts.
Listening to Gary Strong speak at #oclcwebscale conference at UCLA.
Everybody wants to be famous but no one wants to put the work in! Time to enjoy Laugh At My Pain!
I am a big pull through or back in person. I do not like not being able to see doesn't matter the parking lot
Look out for the Guinness Inflatable to keep the party going @ the WBC after party! FREE admission, live music & of course... MORE BEER!
If she ain't gone treat you right, then I ain't gone treat you wrong. And that's my word.
Just finished working out, sippin on java headed to the Mansfield tourney.
I love my hometown radio. I hate having to get out the car.
Yeah, kind of a small world Dr. Eve, I am actually in your ITM501 class so I figured I would look you up.
another day,........another dollar.
thanks so much for doin that before & following ! please follow me too ! <3 Thanks xxox
people that stare at you <<<< do you have fucking staring issues !?
Instruction manuals are for chumps. And people that can read
Coach Carter. Damn.
I seriously want a junior or sophomore that i like to move into my locker as soon as I leave! I'll be back to visit it
oh man. Well that's ok. Next time!
i wish i went to school so i could of seen you.
Giving rewards means lack of that reward is viewed as punishment. ex: students earning looser attendance means class is punishment
If you play WWE '12 online, just watch who you freeze…
"Why aren't librarians users of their own collections?" Thoughts? Feedback? Do you use your library/archive's collections?
2012 Bulb-buddies starts tomorrow! We set a personal/prof goal & our Bulb-Buddy holds us accountable. Bart last year...FAIL! :(
Sum body gone try in bring beepers back lol
Happy Birthday!!!! <3
Good morning luvies!!! Busy day ahead :) #blessedandprayeredup !!!
me ask you a question. Do you believe it is healthy in any way whatsoever that the Roman Catholic Church is THE LARGEST LAND-OWNER >
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com#########
shine on 57. Shine on
Lmaoo my brother just said "I'm sorry I'm thick" haa
Fabio is at Whole Foods Kailua!! Go meet him!!
do any of ya'll listen to jazz?
We'll be spending most of Christmas break preparing for 's January 24 performance of 'Pierrot Lunaire.' We can't wait!
people in my spainsh class are geeeeeeeked. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
u got a better chance winning the mega millions than Hendrick getting 200 wins
Life isn't going to slow down, so you better speed up.
When ur *down* and u have a frown D: it's time to turn it upside down :D
If you don't have a brother or sister to call your friend, make friends with the world the world is one big family.
I'm taller hush child.
HAHAHA i have never seen such a thing! but im sure if i did i would laugh my ass off lol
yes I'm sad that I didn't go up and say something to him :(
after the big initiative to build new branches all over the city in the past decade the bookmobiles were no longer necessary!
I burnt my tongue on hot chocolate. Dammit.
What does gila mean? RT : I'm feeling so gila right now.
Celtics are on which is much more important. don't want to ruin it for you, but the secret killer was John Wilkes Booth :-)
good day!
We want you to wear our shirt Feb 26, 2010 www.SNOCLOTHING.com
thank you for everything you are doing!
I think my group is starting to go crazy
I kinda like Zombie...
Anybody got a power washer (preferably with extension) that I can borrow?
Dam tuf was good brutal ko!
well hell! haha I'll message you it (:
happy birthday<3
Pillars of Reddit: 1: The community should always feel small.
How does knowing your identity in God’s eyes help you fend off the devil’s attacks?
'stop using dirty catheters!'
Haunted mansion time..
RIP Whitney Houston! It's so sad another great artist has left us all too soon. As she sang so beautifully We Will Always Love You!
is summoned for questioning (defamation) after calling Putin a thief. Nice use of the prosecutors' time, no other worries in Tver
So no hangs..?
that's my brother !
glad to hear all is well! Can't wait to meet the lil' guy!
#Actors - Emily Schweber casting LUPE 22 Female Ethnic Golden-Toned Beauty for "Blaze You Out." More castings like this daily in the app!
On my way to the train to go to the city :)
Hey Madeline! We just sent you info about our new Chicago-based app, ! Looking forward to hearing back from you!
Weekend tours have begun! We've got Sasquash Pumpkin Porter and "Admiral" Stache on tap!
These cramps are serious kicking my fucking ass today, but I'm not about to let it ruin my day. Fuck that!
69 days till my All Time Low concert. ;)
hmm.... good point.
Don't wear heels if you don't know how to dance in them
Exactly. I also get offers from wannabe freestylers. Do you have people try to sing along w. you? Play spoons?
#andyroll Our LibraryYOU project to share local knowledge through videos and podcasts is cool.
I will accept the second excuse - and take your word on the first. Thanks for the response!
I hope that you and your mom have a terrific mothers day together :) <3 have fun :D
you should cheer up.
where is ur store?
Lady Gaga taught me to be different. Ke$ha taught me how to be a slut.
very disappointed in your coverage tonight. So sad. That's a first
Sounds ominous...drive safe!
October 14, 1976 - Chris Chambliss' ninth-inning homer off Mark Littell in Game 5 of the ALCS wins the pennant for the Yankees.
damn we on our way now we at boomland
It's sad how I live 5 1/2 hours away from New Jersey and I can't go and meet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> but #FeelSoCloseToYou right now :)
RT : Are you coming to tonight 8pm at the Social? Let & expose you to something LIVE!
Hi people sorry if I haven't been on I moved :)
everyone knows they shouldn't give a drunk girl a gun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Amazing season for
poblano peppers! My poor tummy!
If you suddenly notice spots, floaters or flashes of light after an injury, it may be due to a detached retina. Get it examined right away!
substance > style. Nike doesn't make fashionable substance.
oh god that shit was eerie I only watched it once
FYI: Charity = Church : Romney Pays Millions in Taxes, More to Charity
Excited for tonight to host clients in the #Brewers 1982 Suite at #MillerPark Go Brew Crew! 9 1/2 games ahead, whoot!
A great creative #marketing agency in Atlanta is #hiring account execs. DM me if you are interested.
now I see that... it may be a good solution, if readers learn to look for it. I blew right by.
thanks for the RT :-)
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
I had a great evening with my daughter Layne; Miss Teen Global Nations 2012! Thanks for dinner Birdie
leap frog is exactly as much fun as I remember it
Congrats to Gill Warner (Tulsa office) who closed a $5.1M Walgreens in Tennessee!
are providing incredible support for the #registryweek in #RVA. Police are locating unknown sites.
See Eric Clapton Tribute CROSSROADS Dec. 20th at
Stop by Booth 1625 and say hello to fellow Free-Staters from Crowley. We're debuting the zeta scanner - very cool.
Oh hi! Guess who's got a slew of new songs? I'll give you a hint- it ain't Jack White and the Juggalos.
see you in the AM :-)
please follow me? :)
Mtv! In love with MUSIC!
you have no idea what you're missing out on! Oh well
am trying to have to see this week
check out my moms and mine new website gtcooking.webs.com and tmarieb.webs.com
When asked if the camelback was a good purchase. This guy just told us that he put kool-aid in his camelback. They are out here trying it.
RT : RT : Cisco reckons that there could be almost 15BIL devices linked to the internet in circulation by 2015...
Jdb is sexy. Enough said.
Heading home the deciding if it's 24hr fitness or lifetime???? Decisions
gambling makes everything awesome
Lol we're gonna have Patriots and Giants at the BTB Draft fundraiser in a few weeks!
Again I say, you are nothing but a switchout!
so now what do the browns do at 67? A CB perhaps? Or best available?
There is a downside to not looking at Facebook in more than 10 days. I've forgotten multiple birthdays.
Thanks! Hope you are well!
#Saturdays are always Funn (;
how many months are yuh sorry asking
Wishing good luck with her big audition this weekend. As well as on the new video shoot next weekend with
Maybe it's the P90X..makes you look 30 years younger
Heading up to Sea-Tac for Data Coaching Day Two (Electric Boogaloo).
Thin is in
did Natalie Portman's person dress Alicia Keys as well?
oh yeah I'm down for sure ! Just thought you wanted to take someone else but I'm down dude!
Sorry to hear about the loss of Mozart. My cat Whiskey is now 15 and my best bud
Red Hot Chilli Pepper's music never gets old
Come on bro...Krayzie Bone WAS bone...them other dudes are wack...yes Bizzy is WACK.
The #NHL has lost its mind suspending for the hit on Zubrus. G's only crime was that he wasn't wearing a #Penguins jersey. Sheesh
you're welcome. I've got a 12 hr shift tomorrow. Grizzly out.
RT what most tweets look like to me: "i had an amazing dinner w/[name of co whose ass i'm kissing], they are so awesome."
Thanks so much for following us back, hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Can't wait to watch novelas with my mom tonight
Ok so North Carolina really is just really trash...fuck off you ignorant hicks
see you in basketball or see you foreal lmao idk im lost now
Final 4 Starts at 5:00. $15 Buckets of Bud&Bud Light! Plus $12 pitchers of Miller Lite or Bud Light! Mention Tweet and Get a Free C22 Shot!
his helmet brushed kickers foot. Good no call.
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much.
Per your request - Ladies style fitted shirts have been added to 'CLE Tribe' and 'Wigwamers'
Doug Collins: "I feel like Andre Iguodala is a premier defensive player at his position."
Be encourage
Give her what she want a zooted boi-
cable is out in alabama too
watching folks fall all over each other to pay big bucks for fancy noodle bowls is kind of amazing.
Manic Monday. Where the song "Manic Monday" plays on repeat from open to close.
Just had some #TokyoJoe's and like always its disappoints me but on another note #BlueMoon'sWinterAbbyAle is
Agreed...20+ oz. in clean out I bet. “: #goldrush I think cut 3 is going to have the most gold #thinkgolditsfriday”
Looking for 485M multi use loan, must be direct, no upfront fees, client owns land.
Kevin Edwards
must visit while you are here. Best meat in town. And we know how much you love meat.
figured coz u were tweeting at what seemed middle of night ! Well go back to sleep ... Or You prolly getting ready for wk now
I never really thought about that till now. So true! White wine is so much better too
Welcome to Friday! Get your weekend started here
Nick Johnson still plays baseball? I hope he still sports that ridiculous mustache.
I hate when pol dont text me back.
#JustinOwnsTwitter no duh! :)
You speak a mean truth WC.
I love u maribelle anes one day I will see u hope to see u lol
watching why did i get married 2 and its good i need more followers and i will follow u too goin to take a shower after
Thanks for the RT. You Rock! =)
I should startin wearing my shoes on the wrong feet
is my favorite white girl followed in a distance 2nd by I hope that they burned down Chicago this weekend.
Happy Birth Anniversary to Our Saviour...79 Years Young!!!
LMAO. definitely not.
2 min warning.. Who's gonna take it? NY or San Fran?... www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
CapeNet servicing Cape Cod res, but also doing massive data transport for other parties, linking OC w other MA nets.
thanks for the follow, I appreciate it!
You know it buddy, I wore it last night. Why not celebrate a championship?Then again, it does look like someone sprayed tar on it.
My heart goes out to that family that passed away yesterday on the bronx expressway. I must have drove on that road thousands of times.
Ok, just checking!! LOL. Those COA's are ALL B.S., if they're including one, it's usually a red flag.
: Thanks for the reply and feedback. The question came from a FB follow.
thanks TweetHeart! Your See's treat Guest Services!
Haha! No plans to go, but I hope you have a terrific time!
ah, will do. although you kinda just did..
you like Jeffrey.!? O:
I had a hot dog, chowdah, and Sam Adams. Breakfast.
"So this is how liberty dies. with thunderous applause." Princess Padme Entertainment mirrors reality once again.
congrats that's amazing!
Fourth block ughh
RT : bout to watch #LoveJones #classic good movie gotta love the classics!!!
I don't give a beep
y u mad did i say anything to offend you
The All American Rejects' newest album Kids In The Street. Pretty impressed.
Playing poker, in the top 4 and already got 3 bounties
whaddya mean? Who doesn't love D town?!
Sounds lovely. I'll be by the bookstore again :)
Shoutout to Im feelin the tweets <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
hey what im so sick just little bit so how was minna
what's up D. Get back to me on the Thursday residency. Hit me on my phone. Peace.
I tried looking for it online and I cant find it. What is the name of this shirt?
I'll make you happy! We will have a ticket waiting for u at will call @ Tasting the Town on Thursday @ the Humble Civic Ctr.
Both goalies playing spectacular right now. Oakland leads 3-2 with 10:05 left in the second
same lol I'm just gonna try to get my notecards done
gonna get my second holes...u should get yours hoe
I'm glad you love my balls! Lol!!!!! I loved the macarons-orange is so yummy!
you hate me?:(
via - NCAA Investigators Bust Into John Calipari's Office To Find He's Already Skipped Town
she is in the building!
Lame ass niggas gets no luv from me man
Enjoyed the club. Time to eat!!!! ;-)
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down. - Arnold H. Glasow
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, It is because we do not dare that they are difficult. L.P.Sanadhya
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend, no matter what holiday you celebrate!
Brother she's country <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2>
Humanism Effect on the Rensaissance
of course it isn't, we were a big deal and maybe got a little crazy in the process!!
Did you guys see 's avi today?
u guys were amazing 2nite!!!! I loved it
In a world where we need 2 teach kids 2 respect others. Adults n parents shouldn't get mad @ children that want 2 try questionable things
Im out of town next week but the following week is Patty's Day. Seems like a natural week to get beers.
Split pea soup. Nice and thick. Add seasoned croutons before serving.
This lady on Dr.Phil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
know anyone with an extra ticket???
I have a sick obsession with Chopped. It pretty much takes up 75% of my weekly tv watching.
Thank you. You're an excellent role model, you know. I am thinking of doing grad school. Probably not anywhere as awesome as
Note: Placing a gasmask in your photo doesn't make it more interesting.
I like when things turn out... #amberalert canceled! WOOT!
Yes, Chord sings my favorite part in What Makes You Beautiful.
Who's in the know:
The rumors are true. I captured & hired the squirrel from last week's game as the Asst. to the Offensive Coordinator. Welcome, Ben!
BNLX are killing it at The Amsterdam in St Paul, MN. Melismatics up very soon, babies!
Starburns will live in our hearts forever.
Want to create a drink with creme de banana. Sadly, no rum. /me puts on his thinking cap...
#Pittsburgh #wingnight every Thursday. 1/2 off wings. now on tap
Effing antibiotics make me feel sick and I won't be done till Mon.
I LOVE ASTROLOGY!!!!!! “: So many scorpio birthdays this week Ming's and ”
Mall Dawqqs :p
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
yo u lucky u didn't come, we stranded in the water. Lol.
I'm trying to debug #wp theme files, and it's not updating on the site. I don't have a cache plugin installed, browser cache cleared.
Looking forward to rescheduling canceled mtg w/, , (and others not on twitter).
Oh man...jus booked another job lol. At 4 now, what am I gonna do wit myself?!? Gotta get my money up though!!
1789: Mutiny on the HMS Bounty (General Interest)
i love you shane dawson ;) ahaha no but i do
I don't know- getting in front of 12 million would be something most new launchers would envy. Hope he goes far...
It's been over a year since I've had it, but I'll still tell anyone who will listen about the black obi soba ale
But anyways watchin con-air
just rediscovered jimmy eat world--and it feels so good to be a teenager again.
Thats awesome!! Congrats!!
It's Emily's last night bartending tonight. Come out and wish her well in her future endeavors!
The time when there is no one to feel sorry for you or cheer you is when a player is truly made. - Tim Duncan
Know what's crazy to me, we really love and care about these celebrities/famous people and they have no idea who we are.
I'm pretty certain it's dirt.
Just finished stamping some new pieces. Can't wait for my camera to arrive, so I can get them listed.
If any of your customers lock their keys in the car make sure they call us!
@ #IABC seminar with talking video mktg & social media.
also, I liked today c:
wanted to go shopping in akron. This is after not seeing him for a year and after his arranged engagement to some chick...Wut
horrible bosses!
nope. he's not.
You have Options and options is ALWAYS a beautiful thing!
If you're using BB,well you shoul add me on bbm! 286E1B88 :D
When makes me cry with random 5 page long texts <3
how do you get glue out of your hair from extensions? I glued mine in and they came out and now I can't get the damn glue out :(
--> RT : Student loans, housing loans, Facebook stock... All predictable bubbles. Everyone should see that by now.
Kevin Love > Mike Love.
life is better when you slow down and appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT ! Have a great weekend!
you are so cute omg
playoffs would be good, but this is still a good college matchup
that's me a little bit premade, but a lot student made
Great book launch for SLIDE yesterday
I'm definitely not an early bird, more of a midnight owl! Lol!
you just ruined my life
Suga want to have some fun with stupid ass radio station? They called internet radio posers.the onslaught begins from my staff
There is one art of which man should be master, the art of reflection.
"When all is under control, you are driving too slow..." M. Andretti via
YEAH THAT GUY I LOVE WUBSKILLET!
#cwebodymedia topic strategies for companies with one product only - targets weight management and obesity
of course the videos won't play on our ancient browser, but i am intrigued by description. will watch at home tonight.
Congrats Robin & Ross! Robotics Academy Computer Science Student Network is a #DML2012 badges competition winner
This is crazy.
Nice! What part of Cali? That's my homeland. :)
I can't imagine coating my hair with DRY SHAMPOO to make it white.
Maaaahomies,where you be at? Haven't you noticed Austin has been lonely, or acting strange? We should trend #CheerUpAustin (: k? K, Mahomies
Is anyone else addicted to Pet Rescue on King.com?
it's Thursday peeps, we're almost to the weekend :D
On the road GPS voice OFF she's annoying!
Ha ha. Or I lost a bet.
señorita what's up?
Yeah, sometimes it's appropriate, but even so I feel weirdly imperious. Like "You shall address me as Doktor, peon."
Watched the most recent episode of the #bachelor online and now all I can think about is how much I hate
DEEEAAADDDDD RT ": Can't wait to get my 12 piece at Popeyes for lunch"
GREAT time in Santa Fe today @ The Roundhouse with Governor Susana Martinez reading The Proclamation! There are still events going on
Exactly. I wasn't expecting much from him this weekend. Thought I heard 72 driving home.
“: So had a car accident yesterday morning. All is well tho!”
That swimmer tho ;)
walking the red carpet for #clevehall 's monster man.
ahh thank you!! :)
Today is depressing. I should technically be a senior in college now. Fuckmylife
true that hahaha
Happy Halloween!! Go Cowboys! Go Rangers! Make this a great day!
Sara Evans was the country diva of the day at #stagecoach in her gold sparkly top, painted on jeans and impossibly high stilettos. So glam!
Attending this week? Don't miss Sutter Health and FastER Urgent Care presenting with iTriage at the #HIMSS12 Conference on Feb 22.
Folks always want you to be what they want you to be and want you to do what they want you to do.
RP was the man and he is a top 5 coach. You will see that if you run him off. I must say UK fans r glad you have him though.
i think asap next up
You would like the session I'm in now. 'Understanding Mobile Metrics'
Rep. Kelly - I guarantee if you asked the PARENTS/TAX PAYERS if they would choose money or their child - they would choose their kid.
Thanks ! From and
omg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> yes. Like you would make Ryan gosling look ugly!
Parent- Are you talking back to me? Me- Well, yeah. That`s how communication works.
I loved that performance! Beautiful, strong, and soulful voice!
how exactly does ur laughable families christmas photo say Happy Holidays? more like greetings from the crypt. epic fail.
Same to you!
How do people not see that is CLEARLY making fun of pagaents?? Hello??!!
free korilla today?
Okay I will!
sending messages using sns, sqs along with the push notification using urbanairship
We're off to the New Belgium Tour De Fat.
Life throws me curves, but I've learned to swerve.
Did I see right that Robin Van Persie was the one kissing his teammate's boot after the goal? Finish better than service
follow back? :)
Big air ball by ray allen thank you <U+E057>
yes! I'm going my first show in April called the Emerald Cup!
Pools are perfect for holding water.
i'm just seeing what tweeted on my page he is so gay! Lol
Rub the kitten with catnip, then reward the jealous cat with a treat every time she shows acceptance.
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention posted a website showing the changes in obesity. Visit www.isagenixhealth.net
church was on point tho. you gotta have pride to make changes in life for the better.
Thanks to all of our recent followers! Sorry the tweets have been few and far between, but we are looking to revamp soon, so stay tuned!
Happy Independence Day everyone!
When you stand at the same spot at the barre for every class, after a while it gets pretty boring. So you find a new spot.
Raga and Dvesa mean 'like and dislike'... Vedantic philosophy revolves around this expression. Likes and dislikes entrap everyone.
Males of some praying mantis species cannot copulate while its head is attached. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
Hey, you're a crazy b**ch but you f**k so good I'm on top of it when I dream I'm doin you all night.:P <3 I love Buckcherry.(:
wtf?!?!?! You have got to be kidding me!
So far, so good.
That totally sucks. Bad form, bad move. Now, if you engaged with remote folks...I'm just sayin' ;)
In general...there's no point in writing hopeless #novels…what's important is the kind of men & women we are in the face of this.
hate it, so stressful
Happy Birthday Stormy and Chyna!!!
Anyone in the mood for our Kit 'n' Kaboodle? 4 meats, 2 sides and enough for 2-3 people!
love you more lol
Early voting starts today. It's your country. It's your state. YOU do count but....only if YOU VOTE! PS Mine is in the hopper today for ERT!
are you going Jules!?
For me, I could get lost in the music. I could listen over and over to different songs and hear different things.
and no invite...I'm hurt :)
ill admit it i like to watch and play golf.
Anyways, i'm going to go play video poker. bye
Thank you to everyone who came out! January 29th will be here before you know it
Promote it.
She's The Man is a good movie ok. :D
I'm so buzzing.
oh I was talking about you not being able to feel your toes! Haha but that sucks abt your friends not being fun tonight :-/
could you please get some new commercials...
I miss you! Happy valentines day.
;) RT : #MentionTo your friend who has a cute dad.
Someone needs to shut up Jenna. I vote for Gia
can you tell me where you got your shirt and tell me how can I get one or can I get one
My dream girl- lightskinned, tatted, piercings, slim waist, thick, fat ass, cute face, beautiful smile, nice size boobs, sexy legs
In comparison to other festivals like it DEMF is far from commercial
Just want to thanks to all the new readers of Across the Hall.
16 year old boys are faggots!!!
Now that sounds worth reading!!
Allow me to introduce myself... my name is mud
great to see you... I'll see you soon at Game Night ;)
I like the idea... 5M instead of 2M :)
Monsieur Brachiosaur?!?! What? Autograph or it didn't happen.
:) :) she'll be even happier tomorrow!! ;)
Off to cafe momentum dinner - yea. Been looking forward to this :)
i got told i look like a 16 year old today o.O
I believe in the power of friendship!!! They always got your back and you've got theirs :) Looking forward to 2012
Yeah Dove would be the best smelling one. Organic usually smells good and isn't gender specific.
no that would be the #bucks lmao
i was about to tweet about that.
Front Lace Wigs Make Women have a Fresh Line Up LMAO
BITING THE SHIT OUT OF MY TONGUE
That would be nice TOo!!! But just landed in LA.
Nice to meet you too! Really delicious lunch w/
TIME TO GET IT IN
RT if you believe in love! Happy #ValentinesDay enjoy your dinner with us!
I WANNA SEE THESE PANTS
I get mad when I look at somebody n they already looking at me
#Follow our indie doc - a stand-up comedian living in the public eye as a male-to-female transsexual. Filming now!
Good flow, I like hip hop that bumps.
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
These giants trippin... Comin over here talking crap
#Finally FRIDAY Woo! Great tweets from !
Niggas in Paris >>>
Payment has been sent!
Any info you can provide, or is this just another "I know something big & juicy, but not gonna tell you"?
It's 2 hours, but yeah its the season final. So maybe there gonna graduate in this episode too?
Get a Free Online Coaching Session. You must sign up to receive a free 20 minute session. email to register.
Radcliffe Bailey show is excellent.
Do you sale foods?
Oops! Politics needs to stay out of science. My bad.
Your welcome
Hamels plunked Bryce too quick for
if your profile is locked i will not be following you.. #unlockit (:
Retweet if you used to watch " Caillou " (:
It's incredible how productive I can be when I don't have to work until 3am!
EWW! i will not do that with your gramgram!!!
she said leave a message when u can....
I lost my phone ....... Why didnt I get that find your phone app lol...
So come and talk with me there. Still need to get verified. He is now Bengreenberg on BC, but not approved yet.
MT : Today we all believe in the power of the presidential bully pulpit again? Until the next thing Obama goes quiet on.
Talking to Gage!:)
I loved it, but it had a lot of problems.
to be honest i miss you with braces :/ but you still look HOT as ever without them ;D
Are you playing DC? “: Back in DC!”
one of your most dedicated fans is ! please follow her! ;)
This thunderstorm >
thank you! Does it work in the iPod?
Had an awesome time with Savvy Actor at the Showbiz Expo this week!
you're close though. both are italian
Anybody out there use CAS crane scales?
Missin' you all!
happy Valentines day!
Okay okayy. I'm up
You know I am just getting to know some of my followers Thank you for the RTs & Major Music People that I follow and follow me back. Respect
your very welcome? would you mind following back though?...I love your account.
my nail broke!!! ah!!
. Angels vs. Rangers is on Fox in Houston because Houston sucks... *sigh*
Therapist: how are you doing today? Patient: uh not good. Super fucking great that's why I'm here. Here's your sign.
I'm feeling I hope it happens !
i cried myself to sleep watching My Girl :(
Bitches Always Gonna Be Bitches. Niggas Are Niggas. People Talkin But Hey Life Goes On!
Lmmfao off my bro derrick got me dyin laughing he so crazy
Getting ready to play 2k11 MJ : Creating a legend mode i might upload the video so stay up to date
Its carzy how much money professional sports players make and they still have to use supplements..
can't wait
#IndySM Was #social46 able to interact in languages besides English?
Which means most people actually support it. Let me underscore, Kathy is voice of the few.
I'm gonna buy you an early christmas present <3
hey man! I'm looking to submit some tracks to your artist(s). what's a good contact # and email? Thx
#RomneyHumiliatedClassmate I'm not a Romney fan but this is getting ridiculous. How far do we go back, did he kick his mother in the womb?
Ok, to close out this rainy day, we're offering 8 for the price of 5 on all UV tanning packages! That's a killer savings, so take advantage!
Zuckerberg Plays Host in New Facebook IPO Video - PC Magazine
Stephanie Rickets records her 1st strike out of the game
#Shoutout to all our troops. Thank you for serving our country.
Fucking stupid ass Freshmen. How hard is it to fucking follow SIMPLE CPR directions?
Of course. That fits the time right. Influenced Psyco and Chainsaw Massacre. I fuckin love the orig. chainsaw massacre. The 1st
She is not your best friend shut up!
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. ~ Lao Tzu
AAVG looking sweet for this week coming up slow and steady...
nice... Thanks for the info..
all LOVE related offers should go through your pimp x
Photo posted and NOW we need help "tagging" all the folks having a great time! Take a look and tag a few to help out!
Wishing good luck to and hoping she will come back to visit
that's awesome!! They're funny. I'm jealous.
I've been home for two hours and the only thing i accomplished was making chocolate milk.
Thank you for highlighting our exhibit!
No it wasn't me! Would have been cool though! Have a good one.
blackberrys are the biggest pile of shit going, they dont even work properly , grr RAGE
Must be Yankee haters!
Drunk ass police officer almost bust his ass! Lol!
it would be amazing if i woke up & could beathe and felt 100 times better than what i do right now,
same! I'm resting up this weekend though! ..gotta get ready for next weekend (;
Who drives a Jeep? Fuck Jeeps.
Ha! Valuable lessons to be learned in the moment, my friend.
That'll look so pretty :D
“Congratulations to the National Hispana Leadership Institute on 25 great years. We salute NHLI and all it has done for Latinas. Both...
Damn we went stoopid in there
Why do I always have to GO right after cleaning the bathroom? Mankind's ages old query. Excuse me.....!
I hope so.
Talking to Jerald <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Simone I emailed you did you get it? I am about to announce to all winners the date is June 2 info coming
You know, anything I can do to make your life easier, that's my first priority. Slash that was my coat from two years ago...
the only good song ever.
Hey. Congrats to my friend Anthony "Blue" Watson for getting an internship at 's accounting department!
Ladies and gents "Pacifically" and "conversate" and "hurted" are not words in the English dictionary...
u can even do it from ya phn support ya ppl
shut up be positive lmao look at all the tweets im sending the poor kid for my bestfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hes gunna hate me ?
good game. I was in the house!
Don't even feel like leaving my house today so sick and tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
It worries me that you know ALL the correct stripper terminology ;)
You're right, I didn't see anything about sacrifices. Good thing I left the goat at home. :P
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
Atticus? Scout? Boo? Are you out there? Follow me so I can follow you!
Ok so I am currently watching 13 going on 30....could I be a bigger wierdo?
lol, wow didnt think it showed that well! i guess when u hear the same accent everyday, u dont notice
What is the reason behind the recent major increase in prices? Buses btwn NYC-PHL have doubled in price over the last week.
Im never watching #raw ever again.....
Why are all these guys asking me if I wanna fuck o.O
you could use speaker deck from Github
On shit, Dakota found the Nerf guns..
ah, you know, I think I had that enabled for a while, must I have forgot last time I reinstalled. Thanks!
Nate Diaz is beating the SHIT out of Cowboy Cerrone
I am happy we're connected. Looking forward to establishing a relationship.
Last night, slow beginning to another Bible study at LCN but well worth it. The purpose of the study is to go into more depth of the RCL.
Yuck. Soggyness in my leftover salad.
Kinda want to take a nap :/
will check
MUNI needs to raise their prices
Darius Miller finishes in the top 10 in school history in made 3's, attempted 3's, games played, and victories.
#ChainChallenge 2nd day- fasting & not smoking. Harder with fasting than nicotine cravings. Went back 2 shelter- they are really trying:-)
And i say can i get a threesome she say boy you funny
My pre-ordered copy of Jonathan Franzen's new novel "Freedom" came in the mail today. Sweet.
My quality of life has improved tenfold since I've discovered that there is a "Chicken Wings" category on Yelp.
Off to Minneapolis for a wedding! :)
i missed the austream today D:
This game is barely more entertaining than the commercials.
Waiting to see How To Train Your Dragon in snazzy 2D because we heart Vikings and don't like eye hurties or crowds... Woo!
Heyy i appreciate the shout out.
nothing has the drama quite like that of playoff baseball... Nothing.
: crossing Hawley now. All good. #Homestretch # godsspeed
My core philosophy was born back in 1980, on the day that I became so frustrated with the artificial sound effects that... bit.ly/dEPyfx
Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat. ~Malcolm Forbes
<3 He is flipping gorgeous!! <3 And I'm not beautiful! ;o You are!!
#thingsgirlswantboystodo Listen and believe when they tell you they really like you.
I don't really know what you're doing right now, but it would have been nice to say good night.
sources say Jim Cuno will announce restructuring of Getty programs and significant jobs cuts on Monday. Staff on edge.
6 months ago I had this thing for buying cool striped socks. Now, I can't stand wearing socks anytime ever.
Sunday 01/22 @ Main Street Church @ 4:30 PM: It's movie time with the Youth! Everyone is invited to come to the sanctuary for "Courageous"!
gotta check out 's pics of the wooly mammoth tusk the Sharks gave to Joe Thornton a few minutes ago
stop tweeting and pay attention to the discussion!
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SAND" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
on making OSU proud. What a sharp dude, and a fellow long-hair. Go Beavs!
Anyone else want me to promote their website in the search engines FOR FREE?
MR confesses to BS that all he wants is Comeback Player of Year award, so he's been terrible and K'ing, to improve and get the award.
you wish i was
Josh William (I LOVE SAYING HIS LAST NAME!) doesn't care what you look like right now(: He still thinks ur beautiful!
By cheap do you mean free? Haha
I am hoping to have a productive day. Lots on my list today :)
lol yea.. I should but I'm already changed and ready for bed..lol
NW- Celebrity apprentice
the trending capacity of a word
Kobe is clearly the best since MJ !
Yes! With no time to travel...
we argue like that all the time
Talent has to be known how else will you succeed ?
Like that one a lot.
Don't wait for New Year's to set your goals. Finish this year stong and keep it going in 2012.
Thx Connie! Same to you!
You are my DESIRE!!!
That's okay cause we can go in my dad's SUV to my house, my crib, my pad and watch come dvds I bought like The Matrix
I just wanna cry <U+E413>
Next week, we R gonna be "someone on the inside" & "a friend like that" 2 an Air 1 fan! What R we talking about? You'll find out next week!
i wanna be in new york so bad for some reason. Oh yeah...ITS SUNDAY AND THEY DONT SELL ALCOHOL ON SUNDAYS IN ARKANSAS!
Yes. Using a lefty there would have been downright sensible.
Last nights new SVU was so fucked up! This guy got off my amputating girls legs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
“: me and you are the most entertaining testers I know. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>” testers , but your so right <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
stop RT : Someone end my life please
rolling Foo Fire it is then.
Glad its almost Friday!!!!
New episode of Chronicles being released today!! Keep your peepers open wide for it!! :)
Great to meet you tonight at #patchapalooza!
The #GSU decision could be great for C business, despite 95% defeat. License thru C=win factor 4, it seems.
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!!
Nigga's Can't Afford Polo Hahaha #ClownAssNigga's
My mom is soo fuckin annoyin! I always get my way soo no matter what she says.ITS NOT GONNA HAPPEN
I love the suicide bunt. Good job Shaun
Shawshank Redemption. Such a great movie....never gets old.
Thinks its really shitty that they took all of Tim Tebows pictures down from last season broncos headquarters! Not cool!!!
I have drank way too much coffee. I'm about to vibrate out of my chair.
You two ever thought about screwing with people and swapping hair color.
I should've went to sleep two hours ago.
Show Lost Language some tribe love <3 great band from Birmingham, Aabama.
Need a life line...somebody tryna throw the rope?...
And thus the world eagerly awaits the publication of the upcoming issue of the Bulletin of Insectology…
it's not a fad.
Recipe for success? 6 pack of red bill ad some bags of Doritos
I wanna take you down .
Whoa. Seriously? I used to play that game all the time and always (without merit) thought I could win that competition haha.
Hey I Just Started My Own Tshirt Line. Any Words Of Wisdom For Me?
good question? RT Why doesn't #NARA torrent its already publicly available, digitized publications, records, data...
you please explain what a "hater" is? Am I one?
Congratulations Claudia Anaya and Joanne Kupidlowski, you both won an LA lunch with Thank you for donating to our ABC campaign!
Just finished playing through Earth Defense Force. Giant ants and aliens galore, it was a blast! What are your fave games?
It's Friday night! Hit up a Bartab bar!
I love following sexy niggas wit big dicks!!!
Thanks Melissa! You're nice. :) I love all these back pats I'm getting!
Blessed with amazing people talking care of me
I need sum kush bitches got my nerves bad
Going to sleep now. Work in the am! Ready to jam to Trespassing on the way home. Yehaw.
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester ... A cleaner room
That's all you hear
Bout to see #ThinkLikeAMan!
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task. - William James
"Kim Kardashian is single again. Great! Finally something for the NBA players to 'do' during the lockout." - Frank Caliendo
reguards to last tweet: we only have 43 likes so id love for anyone to help! thank you!
No!!!! “: Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, "meniscus also." #Yankees”
Web and video conferencing service is a cost effective way that would also save money
Hello Kathleen. Welcome!
I am going to be a very busy presenting bee on Saturday at
Dreams are free, so free your dreams
I'm as old as Jesus now :)
HELL, TAYLOR & ED COULD BE WRITING ABOUT FREAKING PEANUT BUTTER & IT WILL STILL BE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SONG EVER WRITTEN.
if you weren't Dane Cook - I'd wonder if you were serious
U.S. Mobile Map usage up 39% versus year ago and surpasses one-third of all map uses for 1st time ever in May 2011. #CRE benefactor
The Lighter Side Podcast #32 - ''Sara Show''
Hahaha that little punk.
Stupid ass stupid iTunes. I need you- but I hate you so.
Stop reading this and go have some sex.
hahaha yeah it was
was trippin during prom.
"We already have 2 lesbians we don't need a 3rd real one"
We are looking forward to seeing your smiling face!
Loving my new guitar. Pics soon hopefully
I wanna go to the paaaaarrrrrk.
Artist come get your next Music project done with #Unlevel DM or email for rates. We offer Mixing and Mastering Available.
Throw them out! Do you know how much work it is to keep them alive? Epic, as in... keep them in dark closet.
Loyalty is the key word. If you can't offer that 2 ur friends then ur NOT a friend. Let's rest the fake and revive the real...NO POLITICS
And it is so! In Jesus name. Amen.
Uh no.. lol hold on
Callback tomorrow for How To Train Your Dragon, THUNDERDOME Friday Night! Bikini Beach Bacchae and Theatre Asylum on SAT. Woot!
I am NOT gonna ask what that is! :-)
so few live life so fully. Your loss while public was also publicly felt. We pray for you all today and always.
It also makes it taste even better. What's for brunch tomorrow?
YES! We can do straight-up Rocket matches in Uncharted 3 after the next update. YES!
#ahoetshirtwouldsay you CAN afford me
great! I'll be around for tech this afternoon too. Come say hi if you're passing through.
On my way back home the south was iight bout I'm city boy chi town here I com westside crazy
- I love this song! It reminds me of my 7th grade crush! Lol.
i agree. should have been a goal! They played better than AC Milan as well and deserved to win!
Should have switched my eztag yesterday. Dang it!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Those camouflage paint jobs are a joke. Think it's to hide the car, or a way to attract attention?
not at all! havoc pit boss is a great bait
I thought about that but it was told so well that I didn't care. More about words causing me to visualize and feel the story
So it goes, gain a follower lose a follower gain 2 followers.. I think I'm up one
Chaos and Bliss: Paint Chip Calendar
Curtis :D you are my best friend!(:
Scary Thought: "Most people want security in this world, not liberty."-H.L. Mencken .1956 quote becoming more relevant because of terrorism.
Thank you to & for coming out to the shoot and supporting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Haha , i got on that Song ... thats all she listen too (:
“The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.” ~ Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
Group Reformer and PULSE coming up at 5:30. Then we have Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
Drunk girl in club caught peeing with her pants down. Not in the ladies room. Has no idea where she lives. No coat. No ID. Party
working 1/2 day today ...I preparing for my doubles match @ 6:30 today Sugarcreek tennis Club. my entourage is going with me so see ya BooYa
aw! I loved mentoring but happy to come back as a judge anytime
- I'm here AND there, lol. My other life just runs away with me sometimes. ;)
Did you make those?
You see him ALL THE TIME. We never see you. At least sit with us at lunch and acknowledge our existence. -.-
Hey Scott. happy to talk templates with you. email me at gregs (at) mindtouch (dot) com and we'll set up a sharescreen.
Drivers are behaving fairly well at Stoplight-less intersections along Patterson from Lauderdale to Forest. It is Sunday after all.
Poker Wisdom: "A king can do no wrong... unless it runs into an ace"
agree, that plays into their game
RT : go to bed !!!! <<Yeah Mishon hit the sack! Lol
Hey every body u gotta see videos he's a talented kid and I would love the world 2 see this!!!
figures. #selig once again doesn't get his way and takes his ball and goes home.
perfect! See you tonight and happy birthday week :)
im reading a rusher story
and that whole marijuana crackdown, gotta stop yesterday...
FOOD FUNNIES: What’s a doll’s favorite food? Barbie-Q!
went 5-3 without having his own system in place. can only get better
BULLY is a mist see for all parents. Not sure id bring kids under 11. Important that kids know it's not ok to allow bullying or be bullied.
I can't wait till Friday I get to sleep yay :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're walking your friend home and holding your kitten and 2 girls stop and stare at you
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 15
Hawkins leads off 6th with a 2B to center but is left stranded on third, Skinkis left on 1st. UMD holds 6-5 lead over Cavaliers.
I thought u were referencing Luke's whiny "no" after Vadar loving revealed he was his father.
ugh do i have 10,000 tweets yet?
Nice weather. Good friends. Blasting Wiz Khalifa all day.
oh hell no morning after
i'm guessing a phone was involved.
T-minus 32 hours until Boston with , glad I could book a last minute flight!
#DanceAudition tip: feeling nervous? take 3 deep breaths and send those butter<U+FB02>ies thru the <U+FB02>oor. You'll have better balance and turns!
random side note!! It's 11:53p and I'm going to bed!!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - East German Swim Team Barbie ...a Barbie head on a Ken doll
You acting like your pic Lil homie get at me
Can't sleep I'm beeatt
nice to know you check out our teacher...
I'm starting to think Betemit does that on purpose, keeps us in suspense.
Downloaded it today- love it!
good round guys. Nice season!
control x janet jackson >
#tedxuchicago "they were clinging to the only option that we were providing"
Don't be a stranger. Stop by anytime. Great to meet you IRL.
Swung for the fences tonite. Baked Creamy French Chicken Breasts, Broccoli and Rice...guess I felt a bit inventive...
GOP fail on debt ceiling for political ideology reasons = treason.
I know still loves me even though I forgot I had her superbowl tshirt and just sent it today. Lol. :-/
anybody else have Twitter following and unfollowing people for you, thought i was goin crazy.
-______- stop talking to me lol
Me and the little one woke up with the flu today. Will be back to the twitter soon. Thanks!
Yes ill send it to you
damn some serios lyrics.
its called dark star 40x
"Remember when you were my boat and I was your sea? Together we'd float so delicately,but that was back when we could talk about anything"
Anyone in SF 11/9 should make the next "live magazine" from See popupmagazine.com 4 tix. You won't regret it.
Please welcome 2 twitter! I will be they're SMM & Evangelist. Follow them 4 gr8 Beer exclusives! 47 taps & gr8 food!
Our newest app is launching TODAY! Head over to and start earning free coffee and free waffles!
Community = genius. It will one day be cited as an example of post-post-modernism. I guess that's modernism again. Either way, it's awesome
dearest male sibling. hello. *YO MA BRUDDA WASSUP im in love with english.
It must be quota time, oops!
Social Media Success Summit for the next 3hrs! Follow #smss12 ... for the best bits!
Yes, that is one good thing about having the tiny fridge!
I just want to meet you and my life will be complete..
"The cheeseburgers you all are serving up are to crazy good @ 7 bucks, OMG! Thinking of coming by today just to get more!” - via
Love your site!
A precedent embalms a principle.
you knocked up my wife lol
Is it weird that in Fable I feel bad doing bad deeds?
kind of like that CJ Level thing.
Glad to be back in the ville. Feel like I'm never hear anymore
ha ha I hope not!!! You are awesome! I wouldn't put myself in your hair, unless its a cheesehead!!!
#ItSeemsLike #oomf isnt being real with me anymore... I thought "keepin it real" was your motto :P hahah
Damn niggas cant even wear hoodies no more???.next its gone be chuck taylors!!!.this shit crazy boi.
Glad glad glad
plan to excel in 2012...mind - body - spirit
It's a chilly 55 degrees in the FL Keys this morning . Where you ? And what's your temp?
can't believe I bought a poncho for work tomorrow hahaha I look like an idiot
Im Ready To Get The Fuck Out Of Here ! Ugh , But Im Still Gone Keep It Calm && Keep It Cute .
Just saw a grown woman curtsey in public and realized I have *no* idea what era it is.
Yet again I find myself trying to catch a lost dog so it doesn't die, and being outsmarted by the darn thing.
Thanks for the mention in your CRE daily!
with all these top nfl picks. Can someone explain why the illini were so bad.
Happy Labor Day Weekend--come back refreshed and ready to lead! www.LeadershipRising.com and sign up for new course offering.
wish I was invited!
ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you! :)
Like anyone else, there are days I feel beautiful, and days I don't, and when I don't, I do something about it. ~ Cheryl Tiegs
My friend is being a bitch today, she need to calm down!
what's stopping you?
How can you judge someone else, when you know that you're the same?
Do you create roleplaying games in C++? Beside runescape have you ever heard of a Java RPG?
you deserve a hug!
hahahaha people these days.
See, this is why I resort to my tumblr/twitter/YouTube friends. My friends here just don't GET IT.
Done gettin inked this morning time to go nite nite
Does anyone else think the guy on Sweet Genius would make a perfect Bond villan?
you guys had a chance to watch the corner kick take downs on tape yet? Ridiculous.
Monday Trivia! Other than the Bible and William Shakespeare, which author has sold the most books? Check out our Facebook page to find out!
hey its Derek Gisriel I'm tweeting for my boss @ TXCV. We need to chill!
no doubt fam!
It's gotta be the holdovers! I happened to just post mine. I didn't want to crush dreams too early....I mean my own.
GOOD NIGHT, MIA-SAN!
soon they will be called Performing for Soup ft. Fountains of Wayne.
you'd know that I have a casita if you ever came to one of our parties ;-)
With a catalogue of over 40 originals cleared with BMI and this strong lineup of talented musicians, I am shopping for representation...
im so not looking forward to school tmw :/
OMG Make it or Brake it is getting intense..:O
Up extra late and not tired at all......whoa!!! dont do stuff like this...
Wearing my sweat pants, little mermaid sweater, uggs, wet hair in a bun, with pretty much no makeup out to dinner. Who's there to impress?
I attempted to change my password to 'Twilight' but got an error message saying, "Contains too many useless characters."
Purple Flowers
S/O my family ...this summer is gonna b crazy....
Always a pleasure speaking with my bro Good dude and hard worker.
haha i was thinking that as i did it and chuckled to myself! but it really does explain me so well haha
pure genius....
FIRST TWEET <U+2665> I love you !
Now that was funny.
love seeing these images from Blog Tour. :)
I love delena but stelena is so cute, it's hard to choose! #Delena or
Hank. Bocephus Williams jr.
didn't know if you were down in Baltimore watching yanks..if you've never been to camden yards, it's awesome park!
As you know, Defense win Championships, Coach!!!!!!
but governments with their politics are real nightmares...
Why must a fire drill happen right as I get an 8 kill streak??
Keep it up, kiddo.
Ima just Me One Hunnit... she is not that girly girl to do cheerleading. N all that toe touchin shit. Lol love u donesha.
I bet I know who all the texts and calls were from..
I need to retire my vintage store finds anyway.
leaving for airport soon for red eye back to the east coast.
Pretty sure I just saw Life Tracker's "Tourist Father," Coronado Romero, starring in a Carmax commercial.
ENT doc didn't think tubes were needed. Yay! Treated the little guy to Sheridan's frozen custard afterwards!
For broiled fish we have Fresh Water Eel, Boston Mackeral and Atka Mackerel. Just some suggestions. Call us at 614-273-0188 for questions.
I am wow. I'm like shamwow x times 2. wut? haha have a great night ya'll I gotta go.
morning to u 2
Spiritual Significance=don't compromise values, activities "bigger than yourself", make a difference. Amen!
Good morning peoples stay warm - stay focused - stay away from nonsense
What makes the NewYorkPublicLibrary truly public? Is it the81 branches all over nyc?Can participatory museums learn from this model?
Today's really coming up Milhouse--I'm itching to play darts. Where can you play darts in DC?
Tomorrow's the last track meet of the season.. gonna give it my all (: (y)
ma knows the deal ked
The full moon is beautiful tonight.
California is one soggy state right now, bummer! Well... gotta go work on orders, have a great day my twitter peeps! xoxoxo
yeah girrrrllll....I need to hit up some shopping spots for my babies to...and of course fooooooddddd....love ya
Thank God the Beatles concert will be over soon and I won't be asked to come up with more tickets.
I just love the maturity level of Twitter.
:-D I havent seen it yet.
So what is the consensus on #GIRLS? Personally undecided...
More rock than we can handle. Band practice today, Supersuckers and Reno Divorce tonight, and Foo Fighters tomorrow! Rock and roll lives!
Nashville, TN- Need females for gothic style shoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Almost went to jail today, was pretty scary!!!! Those monopoly games can get pretty intense!!”
2nd #cincodemayo party....idk if I'm gonna be sober enough to see the fight smh lol
- So not only video games could be considered art but also their game consoles! Wish I had seen that. Thanks!
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. :)
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
I wanted to get sum liquor but i'm too scared to go outside
Condom Slogans No. 5: Wrap your bait before you mate.
Pretty pumped to say the new band has a drummer. 3 down, 2 to go.
i need something to do
Malachi 3:5 "So I will come near to you for judgment.I will be quick to testify..against those who..oppress the widows and the fatherless.."
Nevada is so far behind in HS Athletics
We lost one of America's most beloved, Rest in peace Dick Clark.
Working on linking Facebook fan page and twitter together. 4 beautiful bikes being assembles in the shop today.
o okay i misunderstood...8 eighths?
i love this bad girl !! She made
This is not normal. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Wonder how many of these people complaining about Wikipedia being down have ever donated a couple bucks to it? Seems they rely heavily on it
we are at JaJa...
Seems like it was yesterday, When I saw your face.
Cool man.... not up in the hip hop scene for connections. I'm more indie rock. Good luck, make it happen Cappen!
Getting X-like
dammit, wish I hadn't missed it :-(
R.I.P. Whitney. Hopefully you will find some now. So sad such a gift wasted.
My piano tuner uses a $600 app to tune our piano. Who knew!?
Free performance rock concert violinist Aaron Meyer tonight at 6:30
i need somebody crazy enough to tell me 'i will love you until we are buried' UGH VIC
GOD SAYS: "You represent ME, only when you represent MY Interests!" Pastor Chris Harris
Glad I picked Vandy in that one!
Sometimes the past is a present.
Claude Giroux would've smashed that door open with his stick.
I would like to take a moment of silence for all the girls who aren't hoes on the weekends.
This weather makes me want to lie relaxing in the grass next to the lake. A pen and notepad would be nice too!
Rock On ,Girl!
PRETTY AWKWARD DAY
March against the recent spike in violent crime in East Harlem. Wednesday, May 9 5:00pm RSVP to 212-669-4462 or
Have a great time!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :) Enjoy your weekend.
yeah at Rochester chilling! coldest is killing me tho
Calling it now, based on this performance, Mattai is being eliminated tonight!
so, no salt?
Thanks for the follow , and for all the amazing round table discussions these past few years. Love your work.
Nothing like volunteering for my first little kindergardeners to cheer me up :)
when 's schedule update function isn't working, it really makes me sad.
Butterfly crime scene
I have dish actually. Just got off the phone with them, they said they had no idea why.
i know, right? i just come up with ideas all day long...lol.
I love u guys! please follow me nd messeage me it'll be my DREAM!! Im ur #1 Fan ever since ABDC XD
"Paid"?! Madam, it was a PRIVILEGE to give my blood on the dodgeball fields!
didn't realize that was a real item
Uhoh. Well it starts now...
good morning alex(: hope you have a wonderful day<3
Does anybody understands what the Occupy Wall Street Protesters expect to happen with all this protesting? What solution are they expecting?
To select well among old things, is almost equal to inventing new ones. Nicholas Charles Trublet
Chris.. can you be my titi? You are such a great aunt! So Supportive! I loved the trailer you made for Ethan! Too CUTE!
Manning to Manningham!!
First solo set :) Be still my heart.
O'Banion (citing D Jenkins) discrete best practices not sufficient to bring about sig. change in institutions.
I read an article saying is giving the rematch to Frankie. Weak. Who are you gonna fight? Barbosa? Diaz? What u think?
Just Tracked "More Than Dirt" @ Studio 19 with Matt Dame singing main vocals and bgv's.... incredible!!!
Hey Whilly. How's it going?
Much-needed optimism. RT : Woohooo!!! #11! Considering what we did with #21 last year, we're gonna KILL
#NowWatching "Fantastic Voyage" on Fox Movie Channel. Made in 60's. Groundbreaking Special FX! Lol...was a favorite when I WAS A KID!
Now I am sleeping in a bed with nine pillows. The bathroom has two sinks. I wet my toothbrush in one and spat in the other
Thanks Andrew. I just posted the article on FB
where do I send music for consideration?
Let Faith Always Fight What Stress Loves To Make Us Forget About Ourselves
often interesting, you balance well enough w personal comments too.
Jessica Simpson Shows Off Baby Bump In Skin-Tight Red Dress Jessica Simpson is giving "pregnancy glow " a whole new meaning. The mama-to-
Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request. Tickets available for today's 3:00 Performance
Even with the int arod still got me 50 fantasy pts
RT I think u made my point. : Ah I spoke too soon. Viggo mortensen has a very Sawyer/lost thing going on that I like
OMG i love you ... just saying, if ya said hi to me i dont know what id do obv. have a party in celebration
Black Friday special @ at Anatomy day spa & boutique. $30 certificates a value of 80 makeup application, great for those holiday parties!
Won a $20 gift card to Bays at the baseball game tonight. BEST VALENTINE'S DAY EVER
tweet caster
I saw it was 27 not 26?
definition of "friend", so that would always lead to guilt. I've decided to work on it, so I sent out a bunch of requests.
Yo, you couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
sounds like a plan.
Even a man who is pure at heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolfsbane blooms and the autumn moon is bright.
#TravisClark #WeTheKings would you guys want to be a part of Dreamers Are Believers? :)
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language. Conrad Hall
He acts like we care about what you say.
True.... I did Oreo Pie/Cake, and it doesn't feed an entire class. It would barely feed my lunch table of 4.
You can do it!!
That was close, Boston fortunate there wasn't a foul called, absolutely no help on that Joe Johnson drive
I love that pic
saw your hubby driving today! By that crash around your corner! Yikes!
U cant tell me this dont piss u off Tryna put work n at gym & a mf doin 100 rep sets wit 10 lbs on the machine u need! Who Does That! SMDH
Who would be a great person to talk to about this? We are right up each others alleys and should prob. talk about it... :)
Congrats! So many great people at UNC now--you'll be able to do great things there. Good luck with the transition.
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Was Cher not available that weekend?
Trying to get focused, Organizing the school library today !!
Tonight we're off to Chester, PA....The Union are not spectacular but they have depth. Nowak's tactics the target...
Nathan, your welcome! Getting ready for the busy season?
Losing Bosh is a legitimate excuse. He's a huge part of the Heat. But since Heat fans bitch and moan about him sucking, no dice.
More is more!
It's happy hour at Sonic #Baltimore. 1/2 price drinks and slushes going on until 4pm. 8212 Liberty Rd. west off exit 18 off 695
Thnx-Love to keep the conversation flowing.
Very nice bike rack photo. It's great when the ordinary gets elevated to the extraordinary.
I read a review I wrote for the Pioneer tour in Dec. and it made me tear up for some reason and I realized I didn't write one this time :(
When I can't sleep like this, I get headaches!
The birds must love nature, because they get to see the magic happen with light and shadow at dawn.
An amateur radio enthusiast suggested that it may be possible to connect your computer to a "ham radio" and access the net.
#AGirlJustWants someone to love. want, respect and appreciate her the way she deserves.
about to do something crazy
We have a BIG announcement coming January 1st ... stay tuned!
Uncle Tom's Split-Level
I thought I was going to a lake park. However, I accidentally entered a Jesus camp. Now, I love Jesus, but whoa...
M...farm colon table.
staining my uncles deck :(((
After another amazing #Barrio pop up with chef Tim Maslow & too much Dom P... was the perfect lunch
Thanks to for being follower #1,000!
Thx. One of our members did dislocate his shoulder 20 minutes before going on. A chiropractor in the chorus popped it back in.
The Good,The Badland the Vagina, starring Clit Eastwood.
Good 2 hear! But why did Js case vex him?
I'm having a bad night<U+E421>
Good morning twitterverse! I had to get a good workout today. I'm dealing w/post show blues.:-(
None of you are fools today! At least... we think so. LOVE YOU!
Our Divorce Seminar is at 10:30am today! If you miss it, call us to RSVP for our next seminar in March!
What happens when most spam is notably more interesting than most experimental writing?
Here we go...hopefully.
GORILLA HOLIDAY PARTY AT DUCK ISLAND TONIGHT!!
Check us out at Bounce Night Club this Saturday!
This day just got interesting
per "Where are all the women..." Tweet, we'll have to get Julie Nielsen of involved next time.
O is a vowel!
Is it just me or is "animal husbandry" a really odd, but cool phrase?
just sorted out a nice little postgres and rails 2.3.4 bug - all is well now
I'm so sleepy
Wish I never met you.
Fuck yeah next paycheck imma buy my nocturnal wonderland tickets! Idgaf if i go alone.
Let me kno u followed I'll follow right back and ask me anything Q&A f4f
What?! Where? That's insane!
Maybe Gallo should hang with Andre more
I feel so bad for you, girl..
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore I am.
Students seeking federal aid, grants or work-study programs for the 2012-2013 academic year need to complete the application by Thursday.
It took Georgia about 2-3 times through to get it. Now she runs thru at full speed. They'll get there!
sure! What's up?
Do people really still listen to Jamn 945? Why would you subject yourself to that level of suffering
Twitter academics (esp in the behavioral sciences): do you have strong feelings about the use of wikipedia as a teaching resource?
My freaking phone doesn't work -.-
nope. It was Yaz. Greatest home run ever hit in a Pro Bowl, I'll tell you what.
Have you actually experienced ICS? I just spent six months comparing for a client. Let me know what you think after.
Can't wait to sip on some Rochester Mills and the delectable and bloodys in the Austin sun
Working for today!
MATH = [M]ental [A]buse [T]o [H]umans.
Your evening is about to heat up as brings you the Ocean Models Season Wrap Party #tonight |
THNX everyone for a great season! We're already looking forward to next year! WHat would you like to see in 2012??
The answer was "no" and that's ok
Finally finished the short story. Getting started is hard, but once in the groove, I'm hooked. Had to push to the finish.
If I had more time, I'd love to but I've been too distracted by work/life to even go buy one since the fall.
HI Brittany and thanx for following
You may be working out, but you have No Idea until you workout with me.
Glad I forced myself to the gym... this weather makes me wanna stay in bed
People who tell me how to live my life are hilarious.
Off today & tomorrow.
Teams, are you doing anything special to raise funds? What suggestions do you have for teams that are struggling to raise donations?
Or is it conio?
AH im meeting WeeMan from Jackass on the first :*
Veterans Across America needs more volunteer mentors to help veterans get jobs. To learn more, email me
I keep telling myself that if I look for the positive things in life and in people; I will find them... Sometimes though it's really hard!
Is there a memory erasing machine somewhere I can buy? I'd like these gone now...
In the aftermath of the #TrayvonMartinMurder my #DoubleConsciousness has been flaring up! :-/
Wow released Yankee Hotel Foxtrot ten years ago today, except most of yall have only had it 8or9 years! Gonna keep it on repeat today
do you have access to the New Yorker? If so, I would like to read the full article.
is where I'm from :p
on my way! See all you lovely ladies & gents soon
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Love new avatar!!
Its just not the common opinion
Putting on a smile everyday but your crying on the inside.
Break legs! I'll come check it out soon!!
It's a great way to start the day in beautiful
An inning of #Lueke lasts longer than a game by
hey buddy you want.. announce a yankeegame with me for mlb
It's breathtaking in person.
come on down! We can get a little rowdy in the box office...you might not be able to fall asleep
Point of curiosity/explanation: Which constituency/group/bloc pretends that Bama-North Texas is equal/worth watching?
Well maybe a Chicago Italian Beef;) RT : nothing beats a good philly cheesesteak!
Throw me a friggin bone!
thanks for the mention. Keep on leading and integrating!
I was saying I've been chatting with more people through joining up again, so it's working for me at least haha
you always think im smarter than i really am!
But you've never sent me one!
Thanks for the suggestions! Also, good to find more DH medievalists on Twitter! :)
lost toenail and am in so muchpain!
Have a bar or club you'd like to see a drink deal for? Email us-
everyone check out rich kids club. Rey supported up at the video shoot. Look for their clothes in the video
L'oreal and Victorias Secret keep emailing me. Evidently I need lip gloss and panties.
don't break a leg riding that state of Utah bandwagon
Cooler today but still beautiful at 54°F. Is it just me or has this month gone by REALLY fast?
the day is not over my friend!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !!!!!!
That must be one giant blender to fit all those kids, chickens and bunnies.
alright awesome. Thanks
Nah...just trying to de-clutter things that takes up my day/focus. Trying for a week.
Ladies free haircut on Thursday from 1-3pm. Appointment only.
Sometimes I can't decide whether I need a James Agee or a Walker Evans.
Maybe I'm kinda slow but that recycling trash can looks way to much like the regular trash.
turning purple when you get cold...
Gusset plate analysis!!! Legoooo
hang with me tonight
woke up to find my body pillow on the floor again. Can't even find love from an inanimate object.
Squirt on me ah nigga funds low
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
So sorry! You'll be missed.
What a girl wants, what a girl needs is for radio stations to stop playing this awful song.
thanks for the love
I'm a homosexual. Of course I like piss.
Hey, I just met you... And this is crazy... But here's my number.. So call me, maybe?
You're welcome. And enjoy!
You ask me for free beats, and then I go to your page and the first track that plays is called "Im Getting Money"
it was beautiful
What to do when your past clashes with your future...
cuz I do care! and bye!:( but why leave?
love the application Craig. Makes candidates put some thought into their app beyond resume/cover letter.
BRITNEY SPEARS possibly joining THE X-FACTOR for $10 MILLION DOLLARS??!!! I LUV IT!!!
reports: #Rollins sentenced to 151.5 years--87 mandatory for serial rape on the job
RT We have to focus on innovations & call on Congress to do the right thing. -Rep
Other churches do it!
I know a lot of celebs got a twitter page but Joe Buddens (not gonna mention em cuz he tight lol) does entirely too much tweeting
also, happy birthday/many happy returns of the day to another good person, :)
please take a nonchalant photo
Greinke has a 1.56 ERA since the All Star Break
glad you joined our Tweet-chat! Good to see ya on there :)
I go to prom saturday
Just watched The Hunger Games , best movie ever :D
Join us this Saturday for the Cannabis Freedom March to march for our civil rights, rally to have our voices heard, and be active activists
did you tell then you have your own WHIP TOPPING to go on your coffee!!! If not u can cream me any time bro!!
. is the No. 1 seed for the NCAA tournament, they will face Mercyhurst at the Kohl Center Friday for a shot at the Frozen Four
You know my name not my story so shut the fuck up.
OMFG. BETTER WIN THAT IPOD. She was one of your first dew hundred subscribers!!
Congratulations on coming in 1st place at tonight's
In 1845, #Portland was a rest stop for traders and was marked on maps simply as “Stump-town”
What is it that we can do together that we fundamentally can't do alone?
A5: schedule just an excuse to leverage timing for programming production value. They'd be talking NFL anyway w/draft coming
“People don’t want quarter-inch drills--they want quarter-inch holes.” -Ted Levitt ...Is your team selling drills? or holes?
Can't wait to see for drinks later!
I don't want any fingerprints on my butterfly...
Let's stop reproducing and take the next step: Fucking objects. Exhaust pipes present utilitarian objects of desire for either gender.
I am baaaaaaaackkkkk!!!! Lunch? It's gorgeous out!!!!
welcome to Kc let's go big this season!
Knock Knock. Who's there! Cassette! Cassette who? Cassette your dinner, I'm sorry!
Whole new respect for Albert Puljols after Shaq Vs tonight. Class act.We need more atletes like that.
oh, school dance?! will there be live tweeting?
This is how I know I love you. It is domestic, simple as the rise in your voice when you ask Do you think, perhaps, you could iron my shirt?
Its going to be 69 degrees tomorrow guys. Wear your sweaters.
"one big room, full of bad bitches" enough said.
Wait 'til you see this thing...
I will when I can! Im on a following limit :( so I have to unfollow others that arent following me back, then I will :)
Hell Yeah...I was just thinkin doesnt he ever tweet about things that matter? ; ) Redeemed! GO PACK!
#Follow Me
Happy Holidays from all of us at WasteCap! Our office will be closed Friday - Tuesday.
unlimited designs till 31st Dec, 2011 will be charged $20 each, for any left chest or Cap logos unlimited stitch count. email: frank
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do!
This is a crazy game. What a holiday bowl game should be.
hello! thanks for the follow.
are you coming to seattle any time in the near future?
Make that money!!!
Yayyy! How have you been? :) I was this l_l close to getting you a T Swift shirt from Hot Topic the other day lol
I'm sure we both will. I feel bad for Zach having to plant the garden tonight, takes a lot of energy he doesn't have today!
Designing a new Danko Art logo in PhotoShop now. Intend to use on my new website. Will post soon. All feedback welcomed.
I had forgotten what it was like to have high quality apps on my phone. Kind of awesome.
I hate people addicted to opana.
well if you need company..;)
Naw. I'm taking my time. RT Happy birthday! U 40 yet like ???
enjoy your stay in our hometown!
If i get sick, i know who to blame.
you shoulda seen me after I pulled my hair up! Lol
that rain just won't let up
Is Jordy Nelson our number 2 receiver? He is really good.
Psh, it's sunny/hot all year round. XD
same here but dont do it its not worth it dude save ur tears !!
mindless behavior doesn't even have personal Facebook accounts
Thanks for helping spread the word about the importance of stopping the Community Care Facilities Ordinance !
Everytime I tweet I'm hungry wazup with that??
so sorry hon what type is it? Been so busy I haven't seen anyone in so long. I hope you are well:) 95 lbs gone!
i just want to cry. just to let everything out & then feel better after. it would help me a lot. d:
This Rusher can't take anymore of bullying at school. bye bye Peace I LOVE JAMES
trying to anyway. it's hard, not being a gamer and all...
Well yeah alot of shit to do, but keeps my mind busy and staying busy.. Helps me out a lot.
RT : I'm so excited. I have 15 more teddy bears all ready to take to Daniel Jaecks who is my contact at UNM Children's......
La tweet bro.
My mom cracks me up...my bullheaded ways come from her. Talking she said "I don't have time to worry about that shit" Lmao I say that too!
Flooding can be very difficult to deal with, that is why we are here!!!
wait, so people in LA actually like hockey?
turn the record over. I'll see you on the flip side #45 rules!!
haha I do that a lot...totally a bad idea!
bro never give a girl ur <3... i mean heart u can give her the other thing
#gots2chill fridays at club sugarhill. 3337 fm1960 w!!! Drinks specials are too sick
My jeans taste like sadness.
Lol some old dude was knocking on the giant vases in the mall
I look at the girls you flirt with and think to myself "Why did you leave me for sluts.?"
#TheDickVanDykeShow just makes me feel all warm inside :)
Pizza Shuttle it is! Thanks Fred
Damned hippies. RT : It has become apparent that referring to my gym back as a "dead hooker bag" will offend some people.
And they say Ted doesn't draft for needs...love that man.
I'm sure it does :) thank you! I'm so glad I talked with you tonight, have a good rest of the week! Pls don't forget to tell
There are 9 Days, 2 Hours, 16 Minutes and 35 Seconds until Christmas!
What do you mean?
Skipping biology with Karl . Lol . He crazy (:
Ah! OK I was worried something bad was going to happen to your dog if you didn't find someone. I don't have a home to take it in!
Oh I see there you unfollow people who don't tweet that often. I also see that you lack any redeeming qualities as a human
#Youshouldbeashamedif you didn't soak up tis 3 day weekend!!! But look ahead to a great week of fun Happy Hours!
The father of a homeless man beaten to death by Fullerton police joins the show at 1:06 on KOGO am and fm.
\m/ thx for backing me up
me too. i'm sitting in it now.
FYI my boss has ok'd #edcampIN and the center grove iPad camp...we'll have to chat!
The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
cabin fever vs sorry 4 the wait.......... cabin fever won by 8 songs TGOD
I think I went to that party last year. : )
where u off to tonite boo :-)
is the site down? I enter my login info and just get a white blank page.
Such a heartbreaking, wasted life: ZELDA by Nancy Milford--the other half of the story.
Someone at work asked me if I was from CA, and played the banjo I said yes, he said he's heard about me and that I shred on banjo, #really?!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting. Princess Elizabeth Asquith Bibesco
Instead of Democrat "death panels" killing off grandma - Republicans just want to starve her to death!
~Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.--W. Anderson
Dr. James Mittelman the debate over #KONY2012 isn't the use of social media but the narrative of the video
#Socialimpact is proud to announce our next fundraiser at Cavanaugh's River Deck in Philly on July 8th! All proceeds go to RT
hey Naz trust me you won't be disappointed
#nowplaying the pack vans... Got my vans on but they look like sneakers olllldd
glad you like the Mini Carafes and the 200ml bottles!
Don't hate her cause you ain't her! Lol follow now!!
the easy answer is that so many people here are from somewhere else and brought their team allegiance with them
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take.
All Moms out there in twitterland..........HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!! Or is it MILF'ers day? Whatever the case, enjoy your day.........
I Keep iT TurnT uP When oN The Mix :)
Who needs ticket to the You Me At Six show??? We can deliver them to you today!!! Message us
Just picked up a great deal for headphones on ebay. LICKER track of the week will resume soon!
Beaded 3D Star Charm with tutorial! (Bead Jewelry Making) Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Beading Stories , RSS Feed
RT : #Pirates bullpen is 2nd in ERA, but 13th in FIP, and 10th in xFIP. There's a storm brewing.
dammit! Friday's the only day of the week that doesn't work for me. I'll be in Milwaukee for an awards ceremony.
#the BULLS look deadly......
Dont know what to do!
No matter what kind of business you have, you absolutely, positively must have a revenue strategy. No revvie, no survivee.--
het twitter dudes i'm available now, bring ur harley-sized u know what and cum n git it baby! i hate being bored n i need the $ help me out!
How devisive is to warn of "the weapons of the Left" when a Republican stresses flaws in Mitten's campaign?
I have just ordered the Hazards of Love. Tonight, the hangover's on me.
I kno I hate it
You can still use the discount code: tavern20 for 20% off your website orders, through October!
"there was no shortage of mascara when I started." -Janet Gutwitch
this awesome band from Japan is coming in November: www.myspace.com/theheiz
YEAH BUDDY
Meeting with so they can make me pretty.
Thank you so much, Walter Moreau for speaking this morning at Housing for All in Changing Times, NMCEH Conference.
I don't want an other pretty face I don't just anyone to hold I don't my love to go to waste I want you and your beautiful soul <3
Truth is #newt is the best debater #scpolls are showing a direct result of that #SCprimary Florida will also tell
that's good kinfolk.
looking 4ward to a great band practice 2night.. time 2 finish up a bunch of songs, finalize gig dates, & also setup our new photoshoot =)
looks good!
RT : It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
I know, right?!
I think it's about time to jump back into Sim City for an evening...
we may be able to arrange that
Can't reply to your DM bc you aren't following.
#joelOsteen on #PiersMorgan stated that he's against #abortion due to the sanctity of life & yet is pro #capitalpunishment. Contradiction?
Fascinating, all the same, to see these works put thru the donnish culture mill.
Nice to hear NOT say "ya know, when I was coming up..."
Crazy day always expecting the unexpected
lolol ya crazy.
Anthony Davis. BOW TO THE BROW!!
Good morning cold world
To market, to market to buy healthy eats. Home again, home again, to cook healthy treats.
quick get his number! lol, jk
well then we need to work on that wink!
Thanks for the RT!
are u going to the parade? For fiesta
i'm with a radio network in washington -- do you think your cousin would talk with us?? thanks
I hate motherfuckers that block you !
The whole freaking city smells of smoke. Wonder if the odor of No. CalM burning is distinguishable from the smell of So. Cal burning.
what's wrong babe?
Im Starting to Like more Different Types of Music (: & its not a Bad thing.
The Walker administration says Wisconsin is projected to have a $154.5 million budget surplus at the end of the biennium.
I like the idea of some connection. We're looking at the bureaucracy next week -- any link-up ideas re: that topic?
They hit Sori. Stay classy, Milwaukee. Issues warned.
Give John & Gus my BEST! Merry Christmas Sal!
and getting old means. Jobs, college, kids, relationshits, BEING MATURE and all that crap..
welp i called lets get this show on the road....#adulthood lol
Lol I love your excitement !
The universe is kind of like a big catalog and it's up to us to choose what we'd like to Be,Do,Have - Dr. Joe Vitale
No power just went out during the new jersey shore
Office is dang near SILENT this morning... #MondayBlues?
hahaha yea right try that with the big boss!
but if we get Dwight tho lol or a true pg
Nothing but the utmost respect for you and all you've done for the FGC. Good luck in all your future endeavors.
With Will & Grace, knew 25% of country wouldn't watch gay characters, so Burrows made a hetero kiss at end of pilot.
studio session... writing songs is instinctual now ... get ready for some new musik soon...
going to be packed. Wether feels good. Enjoy the game!
I agree w/one of the commenters that maybe "communicative ability" will turn out to be less morally signif than we thought.
I ended up going to Playa Del Carmen last night, which was very fun, minus the expensive fee for my ATM withdrawal.
thanks Gary, would love to come up with a similar piece for the Dollar Stretcher
Thinking about buying one of #bowwownation sis a ticket for the tour in Miami I need somebody to come with me... But never met my sis tho :/
You Ever Mess With A Scorpio?
Follow Me If You Are A Fan Of Ariana Grande
Yep it is! I hope he is having as much fun as he can!
": Once when I was ordering food a "panini" from Panera Bread I mistakenly asked for a "punani"..........."
Bus slid downtown ahead so my bus is waiting in traffic. Fml.
Tornado watch. Let me go get my popcorn. :D
cut it
I could spend hours on Seriously addictive. May need a new 12 step program.
It's cause you're a jew bagel. c;
Kevin_faulconer city council should be first to give up own pay$ for public safety!
HAHAHA SHUT UP! I WAS PISSED!
My pants now have massive skids in them, thank you too :) <3<3
you do not have any bg written Austin Mahone
Austin American Statesman reports residents burned down govt buildings in Honduras. They want the USA drug agents out after 4 were killed
We in there next year
Baltimore Mayoral Candidate Otis Rolley will be on Midday with Dan Rodricks on WYPR 88.1 today at noon!
that money won't go to the Tahoe Park pool, even though we're the 3rd most used...
New tonight: Confit duck legs with french fingerling potatoes, beet greens and rosemary. Perfection.
Feeling alone, is the shittiest feeling ever.
- Great point. I'm applying that principle right now as a matter of fact.
Plans for Brussels and Bruges this weekend!!! Can't wait!
way to go!
Glad I left school today! #stillfeelsickdoe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Semester done (except for the grading part).
super fabulous lunch at Son of a Gun & the Geffen tonight... pretty fabulous day if I may say so!
Last day of track ! :)
RT : May is Foster Parent Appreciation Month in Illinois. A shout out to all fellow licensed foster parents... for what you do!
good food reporting. New career?
Thanks For Following! #teamawesome Checkout our partners!
Just Saw The Cutest Couple Ever .
I know thats what is happening to mine. We go to Sylvan for help.
Suspending Ppl Over Dumb Sh.t !
we would love for u and ur family to visit us!
I'm Mrs. Butterworth's bitch
It was SO BLOOMING GOOD. What did you think? :)
should one ever celebrate in the playoffs until the title is won?
SWH is starting up a #kickball league on Sunday's in noho who's in...spread the word
let's make it happen bruh !
Have fun!
Bleh why are you so ugly? ;)
OMG RDA makes me want to be an accountant instead.
Up and at em already...early bird gets the worm!
So high I told my friend I didn't know where the bowl was, while it was in my hand.
#ILS2010 Jane Hart & Jay Cross Social In the workplace = we trust you
I sometimes open Salon articles only to close them after the first few paragraphs because of the "Read More" link - why is it necessary??
u know I can't spell
I didn't die, cry, or throw up. I'd say it was a good night.
Correction "bed" idk kno if yall were bein smart or yall jus assumed the word bed and didnt catch the typo
that's because of out advanced ordering system! You can place advanced orders from restaurants before they open.
LMAO so true!
here here ... not only is Dicko a winner, he's a humanitarian
And that just added to my bad mood....thanks.
my guy was full of shit. Line ain't bad
hey. Not saying I blame you. Not one bit Hahah
true, but hockey is a lower tier sport to them so they have fun with it. Think an NFL team would do that? No.
When I asked for some head this bitch looked at me funny
Loyalty, safety, and security; that's all us women really want.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
You can tell the people working in #INSTAGRAM are clueless with business. If not #TWITTER, I would of man-up and gone solo.
I'm available for that, sounds like a good idea.
Why can CJ pitch in back2back games but couldn't start game 7 on 3 days rest?
Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ...
lol!!!! It's ok at least they didn't lose you
Artists may also request written comments by emailing .gov.
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – “Don’t fire till you see the whites of their eyes!” – Bunker Hill - 1775
Hi Andrew, are you interested in hearing about some PHP jobs I am recruiting for? Not sure if you are on the market.
If you fine Ladies feel ya self, cause them bitches gone hate regardless !!!
kinda inlove with your profile picture..... <3
Some how someone is changing my Gmail password, and I keep having to fix it. It's happened 2 nights in a row, now. :/
That's a cool concept. We look forward to it.
Had such a interesting evening. ;)
Red head behind Tippett. Sorry to my female followers, but had to make the notation.
thank you sweetie:)
coincidence that shoes have a waffle pattern for a sole...... Everything you do is faster with a Wired Waffle!
Dumb Dick Smoking Bitch
:] no worries we stil love ya' Lol <U+2665><U+2665>
Tuesday is Wimpy's payday..
oh yea God Morning!
Had a headache today so I grabbed an Ice pack for my head. had it on for a half hour until I realized it was a bag of turkey gravy.
Yes! That's awesome. :)
After waiting for more than 2 hrs we got him. Accused Vice Principal Corey Greenwood took off running when he saw us. The video
writing lyrics and arranging before I head to work....I should have about 5 new songs ready for the next Ustream !
What's Up Doc? Yeah - that Cwazy Wabbit - it's his day, National Bugs Bunny Day - the carrot cruncher debuted in 1947.
Panel on #mobile for holiday: using rewards a la preserves ability to charge higher prices in store
Wearing a V over a tank cause the school board is gayayayayayayayayay
Thank you! It's awesome! :)
Some people have conflated the The Help movie's win at the NAACP Image Awards with black approval of book's fallacies.
This is my husband: He's funny.
Congratulations to Romello Johnson, an 11th gr MICP stud., on delivering an outstanding speech Ford Theater oratory competition finals.
FOLLOW ME:: ii_shauneerss :))
Hi. Did you get my e-mail Sir Mix A-Lot? I may be attending your shindig with Victoria ;-)
I just don't know. How do you help someone who doesn't want your help? What do you do when you can't do anything?
nope. no way to forget
Rick Perry thinks The No Fly Zone is the area above a man's waste.
nice! Have fun! We have a regatta in Michigan tomorrow. :)
Repo Games is great!
So what you think of the #SilversunPickups album? My least fav so far but Im sure itll grow on me. Couple solid tracks IMO.
No problem ^-^
because your going to go shopping there and then be brooke! i know i should i must apply soon :')
Don't we all!
I'm sorry.
You'd think these guys were playing on Soldier Field in November the way they're dressed.
I just had a craving for a Christmas cookie and I ate a bag of brocoli instead. I feel invincible.
Recognize #HATERS HAVING ANGER TOWARDS EVRYONE REACHING SUCCESS! RT
#MLSFirstKick Kasey Keller thinks the national anthem is not being sung as well as it was done in K-town.
-thanks for the shine. ; )
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
I took so many drugs for this cold and then for my allergies. I've tied on so many drugs today. I swear I'm not making sense.
Either we have a ghost or a plumbing problem. Toilet flushes at random.
WOW! 1345 Times Thats Awesome! Sad to see Hollie Go! :( I Love Philip So Hope he win!
I am hungry
Re-drop RT : Hey is here. I'm waving at you from the crowd lady. Thanks for bringing the rock on the radio!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 30
I followed!
I hear it all the time ;-) RT Class in 13 minutes. I'm hearing the "hurry up and get home" Ferris Bueller music in my head.
OSBLN members: Get your nominations in for the 2012-2013 Exec. Board positions!
Clean up something
man its called thermos haha..
crunch time ...
lost keys...FOUND. YES!!
When I say I want a tall iced mocha in the morning, what I really mean is that I want a tall chocolate milk. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
A few more hours before kickoff! We've got some great #raffles to give away-- not to mention the #froyo! Shops at
very true
Cold isn't the half of it
can i get a shoutout pretty plzzzzzzzzzzzzz
RT : RT : Exercise daily. Walk with the Lord!
The hulk because I love giant things that make me scream
library books... I am already overspent on my budget of $2200
BED TIME. FOR REAL. GOOD FORKING NIGHT, YO.
Changed my FB page to Jo Snow Syrups...hopefully it will be easier to find...start having your friends "like" us..much appreciated.
Pedro's?
Tweef is when your moms ain't safe up in the social medias (Biggies Voice) ": What's Tweef?"
Signing up for classes and figuring out school stuff, got my A game face on
beauty is as beauty does.
Health food makes me sick. ~Calvin Trillin
new favorite word: riffage
Rolling thru the streets of Dallas with the lil turd jammin to that xo till we overdose
Chocolate Theme Play Room, for those of you who enjoy the world of BBC as part of your lifestyle activities. Now sponsored by Playcate.com!
I saw my homie today and he asked for an autograph, I told him give me your number. Nothing changed, I'm the same Lito.
I think i remember you having a particular disdain for the remake. :)
Now following the ever so sexy Mr. Marcus #followback :)
Big thanks to for the love on Street Sounds yesterday!
That's a wrap for this edition of MIDDAY JAZZ on !! Thanks for helping me kick off my earth day!!
Not Going To Prom
We can't wait to see you!! I get to see and Monday night at It's gonna be a good night.
im a loner but i dont give away money/ clown ass niggas, but aint shit funny/
so can't wait to be published
I'm On Twitter More Than Facebook.
follow back
Phil's coming apart at 4...
In a workshop with about 10 librarians, and half said "Yay!" when they heard where I work. That's fun.
Great idea, but too many admins operating in crisis mode to do it, in my exp.
congrats girl :)
Check out this new Q&A interview library site of veteran entertainment industry professionals that is coming soon at www.actorbizguru.com.
Do you have your phone?
I'm not a coffee person. It's going to be a productive morning or else.. Or else I'll be falling asleep standing. It's possible.
Ensembles participating in our Youth Choral Festival: Sounds of Sweetness from Walter Payton College Preparatory High School.
Yes it is, thanks for the suggestion!
Team Jlp all the way.. Showaaaaaa!!! :-)
I wonder what he thought was a good hnd n that spot....very weird hnd..first hnd I saw him ply...folded...what do I beat, lol?
thanks so much :)
The Flyers are flying high right now - they lead 50-38. Do the Gophers have a run in them?
<U+200E>My mission in life isn't merely 2 survive, but 2 thrive; and 2 do so w/ some passion,some compassion,some humor,and some style.Maya Angelou
i like Captain America(" but thats rrreeaallyy good!! <21
i love you too mad-dawg!!
God is still in control...trust in him and dont worry about it.
On flip side, HE may be pushed by such students MT A6: Students could gain expertise in the cloud services used in college
For those hoping was behind the cryptic videos, he worked the dark match.
Reading Richard Troxell's new book "Looking Up at the Bottom Line" - an amazing, dedicated advocate for the homeless in Austin
A wondrous gift indeed, to be treasured and used as much as possible!
Prezis are the peacocks of the academic world, all show and no meat.
Check out the Peace Quest site www.peacequest2020.org PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011 Don't Miss It...It's FREE!!!
thanks, excited to get in touch with some other photoshelter people on twitter, let them know we're on the Twitter bus!
"Invisible, intangible, and [an] artificial being, a corporation ... is certainly not a citizen" Justice John Marshall, U.S. v. DEVEAUX 1809
thank you Twitter for sending my those lovely spam DMs and blaming it on sweet innocent people.
Or a snow suit.
Vote on "Music Friday" artist 4 this Friday a.) Johnny Cash b.) Queen c.) ELO d.) Fleetwood Mac e.) Rick James - send vote to
Been drinking deep from the firehose at 's sales #kickoff12. Lots of innovation happening here.
I find that offensive. Hoe.
Ijuz got lokey tired pity's know where Doe..
People are so judgemental. Everyone so quick to post their opinion. Paid professionals met in court made a decision. Shut your mouth or ...
You forgot me!
I just want to go home and sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
: My calls were definitely not 'marching orders'. They were broad requests that seemed tense in tone because I was freaked.
So today my hair is more of a burgundy color.. I wanted red. Guess I'll be coloring it again!
I spoke no lies when I told ya I'm a lost cause.
I don't even know what to say
#Cuba rebuffed our requests for journalist's visas for #PapaCuba; No prob. #elnuevoherald.com is rocking; and our paper is a keeper tomorrow
first accidently unfollowed...you can fix tht. 2nd got your nonsense tweet the other night. wsup folk. I knw u miss us
The other day I was wondering if it was weird for me to LOVE the smell of fabric softener.... guess not ;)
#edcampis flipping classroom; thinking about tips for video / audio quality; consistent intro's & conclusions; making content reusable
The # people groups unengaged worldwide by Christian orgs has declined by 86% in last 6 yrs Steve Douglass
oh, thanks girl! (:
that link didnt work?... have another? thx! Tom
Awesome to be back in great Twitter Community Stream! =D RT It's great having you back in the stream. : )
Is your company looking at mobile training with video? Does the message resonate or should training be in a more formal setting?
LOL thanks for your expert opinion
I hate when Walmart only has like 3 lanes open
Today we are playing in BALTIMORE, MD @ THE OTTOBAR. Doors are at noon!
Everything I've learned has either been from self-study or learning on the job. So, it's possible.
I don't even know what's his history with her so I can't say anything
Last 4 days to sign up for this special event! Book Law & Order: 2 week Law & Order CI workshop w/ Head CD Kevin Kuffa 3/12/11.
yea I know that base im at macdill afb in tampa
Good Year Facebook:) Great news Azure College is accredited by ABHES.
Did Adele change her dress?
Convo with my mom reminded me of why moms are our first mentors. Happy Mother's Day to all moms & single dads!
Hope you all have fun at #c4l12 (Code4Lib 2012). I'm going to follow your tweets!
Don't think so plenty of very active forums out there reddit, somethingawful are some general examples but lots of niche too
Big Bill salutes our veterans on this Veterans Day! They called me Kaiser Bill during WWI, but I was always the doughboys' best friend.
yes you are!!!
People should get married, and let me sing at their weddings.
Working on it right now. Thanks for the heads up.
Aw, I'm sorry :( It took a ton of begging, cleaning, and an hour of church for them to say yes
If you're UNC why would you hire an assistant with no coaching experience/recruiting ties?Wouldn't an operations role be better at first?
Must say five finger death punch gets me motivated to work out
Anyone else noticed the increase in Twitter spam lately? Step it up
the twist in the knight/cage flick would be that it was actually good and Nick's wig was real. Film title: "Unbeweevable"
yeah it was really good seein you too! We should smoke a blizzy sometime
On ground in El Paso on way home to San Antonio
#Signature is now following the best comedy spot around
i didnt know dominique was chinese!
Open daily April through December, closed January through March
Use a variety of techniques and methods to engage the learner and meet their needs
one decision could change one persons life so would you stand up or stand down?
oh erykah badu... you sexy lady
yea you right
I'm not at schoo now, I mean I would love to be at school now, and yeah Im having exams in 11 days too.
nice pic I like look of gown you wearin
Cop: "When is your birthday?" Drunk Teen: "September 25." Cop: "What year?" Drunk Teen: "Every year!"
HD drum cover of In the Face of Death by being processed right now. ;)
Wishing you all a beautiful, blessed Thursday! :))
#Someday I will meet
i cannot get warm today. i went to work and thought my office was going to stay warm, but i thought wrong...................
check out how I use it live, Facebook.com/rawkadeus has a video of "bones." an original song featuring the synth.
Shout out to the staff: , , , & Cordell - peeps be rocking today.
private account?!
This twitter fight is lame Af! Ima go shoot myself in the head nao~
Thank you! :O)
Don't forget Uncle fucker
Noted. Tracking your flight, so no worries. :)
How goes it my friend?
You haven't lived until you've seized a beer vendor by the mullet.
THE FREAKING WORLD IS NOT GOING TO END by the way I'm not screaming I'm just making sure u see what I'm writing kk bye
Coyote ugly!
You know...MJ's Secret Stuff lol RT : LMAO space jam juice?
Reading Brian Greene. Love his marvelous way of explaining physics.
Yoga saved me from my over the top workout the other day. Why Why Why do I have to over do everything?!?!?
I've had a bad day,and it would make my day a trillion times better if followed me<3
hey! thank you for the follow. make sure to "like" us on facebook too!! we love you
FYI. Chicagoland drivers really suck.
cool RT : lemme know if y'all wanna get a tee too I'm gonna email for quotes!
i need u, i want u, i must have u, u buy me everythng and i love spending time wth u shopping ........."MY MONEY"
time for #Packers fans to start fantasizing of compensatory picks in the 2013 #NFLdraft!
Will Smith Attached to Remake of 'Colossus: The Forbin Project'
Happy Mothers Day to the strongest and most beautiful woman in the whole world my Mommy <U+2665> I love you so much!
RT: Amen! RT : Ur most beautiful voice is the one where you share your truth from ur heart w/out sugar coating it.
I'll give you 3 guesses what 1 player has ever avg'ed 8APG playing w/ Kobe.
Back to working on that pear-shaped physique I've always dreamed of having.
omg wht r they arguing abt
"When we walked into Friendly's, we saw Morgan Freeman."
I was surprised to see my college had a full page add in Newsweek…way to go #UNI!
I agree 100% with that and everything you said about her afterward! “: That was Aubrey's firing to be had! #CelebrityApprentice”
Trying to sell furniture on Craigslist but all the buyers are scammers! Any recommendations for sites that let you sell stuff locally?
no you was looking for all the porn in it you effin #SEXFIEND lmao
hes at this radio station
It's good stuff. I played that hole years ago when I covered the Gator Bowl. So cool.
Fox seems ready to go to make the movie, it appears they're waiting on Reynolds since he has been such a major player.
I remember seeing this! A lot of folks complained about the campaign because they used the word "puking," right?
Moving to iCloud before upgrading to OSX Lion was a bad idea.
Sorry. I'm unable to stop making fun of stupid stuff.
hahahaha i ll do so :D
I know! I love pink roses.
I think we will be there Friday!!
Junior Seau's mom is so sad, but I dont understand why this is on national television.
Just asked my hubby & son re Madonna - Son=Candyland; Hubby=strip poker. Go figure.
love your designs!
How to catch a squirrel? Climb up a tree and just be yourself
Today going super straight actually had fun with my mama,brothers, and my baby sis
i <3 listening to music
I fucking hate you guys now I wanna watch it like 10000000000000000000000000x more.!!!
OMG HenryNews only posted one update!!! Now that's News
Great job Rene Syler IN articulating the feelings of working women who don't disrespect stay-at-homes!!! on #CNN right now!
RT : #spectrum crunch is the hot topic today at #mmtcforum <-- it's important ,
No more magic for the #Magic, Go #Pacers!!! Let's end it in Indy
I'm glad you satisfied your spoon needs
Happy Peanut Butter Lover's Month!
lol i guess
Kepler Lucas :I'M CRANKY THIS MORNING SO DON'T TEST ME!
you got that right! and we should! love you too!
RT Hoorah!Mobile App is now available Android&iPhone Download for projects,deals,coupons that can be scanned from the phone!
Living a life filled with compassion for others creates transformational experiences for all.
Why would you even say that... You stoop so low. Get over yourself.
you get both
looks yummy!
Trying to get shoveled out
Read what everyone is writing about the #NBA #Playoffs! USSportspages.com
Thanks so much for listing us!
I guess the myth is true those innocent cheerleaders is really
that is the most amazing drawing ever!!!
Can't wait! RT : Calling all DC area fashionistas: We're hosting our first Twitter chat TODAY at 7pm w hashtag
Agreed. I think he's talented (sort of), but he's also been convicted of domestic abuse.
"so juicy" or "great smile"? Lol
i'd tell him to go away cause idgaf. Hahaha. He was talking to me and was like i see you're improving. Keep it up.
Lazy Sunday! What are you guys up to?
hmm...livingsocial seems to have some 1 hour downtown massages here and there lingering around $45. pretty good deal!
So good!
Was browsing the NFL Shop on NFL.COM. And found they have the official draft hats for every team except the Packers.
Moment by moment. Smile by smile.
Why is it that energy is so difficult to collect and so easy to use?
Twitter's down again. Quickly, let's all tweet about it!
HA! I knew saying I was bored would come back to bite me!
he posted a video of his "new" song..."let me show u how your p_$$¥ works"
imma google you... (shoot that joke didn't work!!!)
have a lot in mind what can I say lol
Broncos PR guru Jim Saccomano says hi and takes off. Peyton still here? "I don't know" he says.
hello jordan How's your day? :D
Why is #GooglePlus so fkin lame and boring???
This ratting on Obama ridiculous!! This country/ whole world!! lucky to have him! For my left wing friends: go get YOURSELF elected!
Lou Williams is a cold dude.
Loving the weather in the ATL today...might need to move to Seattle...
thanks I try!
Peniel Joseph: President Obama is a metaphor for the evolution of American democracy.
I've taken 173 photos on my iPod!Good practice for me wanting to be a photographer!!! :D
At the Asian World Market with my lola(grandma) we are shopping for ingredients to palabok! Yum!
RT : will have an info booth at dinner tonight. They provide tix 4 sporting events to people with disabilities.
This conversation >>> <U+2665>
theatres are still being added, make sure you check back!
Birthday is Happy B-day Hammer
PEAK STATE!
Well. I didn't want to talk to you anyway,
Wow, Kiko sounds like a real intelligent fella.
You know in 100,000 years we will be being unearthed on the new national geographic channel.
New Broken Water on is clearing out the cobwebs and replacing them with Pollock-style color splashes.
Next scheduled Wisconsin Concealed Carry Course is November 23rd. Contact me for details!
And that ON MY MAMA
What is on Weeks hand a sliding mitten??
It's deep how you can be so shallow And I'm afraid cause I have no fear And I didn't believe in magic Until I watched you disappear
I had a lot of fun yesterday at the / I even split a Brick of frys with some friend. Good Times
Watching Dan Wheldon's memorial service. Sheesh, heart wrenching.
oh “ She can get dicked down and ate up ..”
WAIT - it's not over yet!? It is true...We extended our $50 Spa Week specials.Take advantage of round two until October 23rd!
Another great week with
Heading to Bakersfield on the 30th of this month. Looking forward to seeing our friends in the central valley! Lospochos.com
what time do you want us tomorrow?
Another weekend of sunshine ahead says the weatherman. Inquire with us on our special weekend promotional rates. www.vancouverwahotel.com
bitches be crazy
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether u only wanna call when it fits "your" schedule.
Nice to know we see things in the same passionate way!
I DRIVE YOUR TRUCK! This song is gonna be HUGE! Everybody download this album!
see me for your Navigator!
Who doesn't? MT : & apparently like getting tweets from people who disagree with them (respectfully).
": the "MFA to art star" system is long dead. You need not be an MFA to succeed in the art world." Fingers crossed.
jaykay i thought it was sunday...
twitter party today Btwn 8-9pm EST! Stop by if you want to qualify for the love themed voxbox! Hashtag :
Must they be Western canon and/or novels? Shamara and Other Stories by Vasilenko might be of interest, though not obv feminist.
And I think some caterpillars are poisonous.... not sure!
dude, thats wild!
Thanks to and his dope music:), I know of Allen Stone who I'm going to see in Portland this Sunday! $%#! Yeah!
Still don't understand how a grown ass man would be scared of a teenager with skittles.smh
Kids keeping you up? Hope they feel better...
Go girl! RT : Who wants to volunteer at the animal shelter with me this weekend?
Today, Mar 13 @ 5 PM PST | Question Reality | LA Talk Radio | Georgia Reed, Actress, Dancer | www:latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Why hate on Santos? It seems he's made to be the reject gay.. Isn't the whole point if our community to accept our diversity?
let's do it!
lol when is this supposed to be?
Bought two new phones today, not iPhones due to disaster with iCloud on the iPad.
Now they're all gone like nothing had happened. What is the deal here??? Has this happened to anyone else?
good luck to you man!
Oh. That's dumb. People can express themselves however they want.
Did #Facebook pay $100 million per employee for #Instagram?!
Looks like the critter my bil found at his parents house in far ne heights. He was very intrigued by it.
"Hard-bitten honesty of Ryan Adams." Oh my god What the fuck Laughing out loud Rolling on the floor laughing.
Thanks for the #FF love & !
lol ay the DJ said no English but she end up puttin it on it was crazy fun yo lol aunties daughter was goin crazy wit us lol!
bestfriend is leaving school next year, horrible headache, and i have to choose between 2 of my closest friends. great.
it was great meeting you this weekend! Thanks for taking the time to chat with me
I Just Got my Twitter account. I can start tweeting. Ya
A HUGE congrats to you my friend on your new adventure/gig with ! So excited and proud of you!
sweet. Its a quality event they run there. Your life sucks man. Work on that
you're a brand new bitch.
Good point.
Happy Birthday CEO!! Even though the Red Sox had a poor, very poor start to the season, they're only 5.5 games out of 1st place. Go Sox !
I'm going to visit Cedar Hill Dairy tomorrow morning...can't wait to try some artisan cheese and hug some jersey cows
Tom Brady will be fine, to early to freak out.
I #LOVE that is loving everything! Love makes the world, life itself and you especially into something #wonderful!
Hey how ya doing mama? Staying busy?
In need of a summer job :(
I am so drained right now.... I need some home cooked Caribbean food
Good morning!
all the magazines photoshop demi's pics like a lot.
If you could only bring 1 fitness accessory on an extended backpacking trip, what'd it be? I'm thinking my speed rope.
next week
I'm not saying it's bad I'm saying the retrofit 3D is poorly done. You would be better off renting the DVD
Don't waste your vote on an "imaginary candidate"...you may as well not vote!
Haven't tweeted this till now as I was waiting for the police to advise me. On Thursday night my dog Enid, (a (cont) ...
Had a student today tell me that I get excited and drool a little whenever I mention posthumanism. God, I hope she's right.
also wish a happy happy birthday!!
OMG. You must watch. He's so wonderful.
i know :'( im still gonna come and lift but i really wanted to run the 100m hurdles by the end of the season!! it sucks
Happy birthday to me Today!!! I'm the big 29!! Woo all smiles 8-)
#thatonepersonwho always has a joke to crack and a giant hug and a cookie for you when she knows you're about to lose it...wait that's me :)
My Dope Be Shining Like Its Yellow Diamonds....Who...
Must play WCW/NWO Revenge for N64, no clue why....
On my way! You guys still there?
Time to go
so sick of doing school work. is it summer yet?
Uh oh....thanks for the warning!
... anything to help clean or anything so you'll just have to be hungry cause when we get food we'll get food." -___-
OMFG MY TWITTER WAS HACKED
or better yet if it is really good keep, just brand it with your .net that u should own and maybe get others urls to brand it up...
That was the most stressful minute ever
Tornado sirens are sounded at this time? Why? With what right?
Thanks, also, for the NSR coverage
My pleasure RT : Thank you to and for guest hosting with me tonight!
I must say it is def refreshing to see something different for a change..
Hello, Chicago!
AQUS is trying to go now, watch L2...
Funny how that works. The Mecca and the KNicks havent won a Championship since the early 70's. We are DUE!
Just the tiniest ounce of maturity is so rare these days and also highly prized by me. It makes a person extraordinary.
everyone please follow my dear buddies > they are very sweet, nice, and cool
« I hate losing more than I like winning. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>»
Mike Mowen, Sound Designer is wrapping up dialogue mix for the film.
Scutaro just got his 1,000th hit for the #RedSox in the 7th- it is looking good for Wakefield to get his 200th win.
I swear i HATE when ppl make up excuses !!
Strong game for Michael Beasley in the win over the Clippers: 27 points (11-15), 3-3 from deep, five boards for good measure.
we are working on our new website www.lacrasiagloves.com do you have any suggestions?
See Pretty Lights, Neon Indian, Miami Horror, Empire of the Sun and more on Governor's Island today
I just finished my homework ! #SoTired :[ , it's 2 AM, I'd better go to sleep, good Night everyone! ( ü )
get better soon!
Floyd looking all beat up lol
I might be wet from the rain but I"m still alive :-)
Awesome :) 911 Turbo S? Was it as fast as they say??
You wish what??
Rough but good.
"The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite." :D
that sounds deeeelish. Yes, please!
yes, Your #MLA12 panel on game studies will Go Directly to Yale!
in vegas waiting for my tourney this afternoon.
what I do for camp rock 2, just cleaned my mums whole house top to bottom for it....
working on #crashingbroadway this morning.... tuning vocals up and then mixing time later today...
How long is it acceptable to keep somebody on hold? I'm talking to you, You're about to lose my business.
Merry Christmas Eve , I better see you under my tree tomorrow :,)
Have you tried John's double chocolate raspberry cookie yet? So good, it will make you weak at the knees . . .
I now have over 3,000 Followers! YIPPEE!!!
Both Chapman (Lennon) and Hinkley (Reagan) were known to be associated with the same facility of MK engagement in Honolulu.
thank u:)
i aint know you had a twitter lol
some jackass probably flipped the alarm, or someone was smoking. That's usually what happened at my school
the dude is 28 and they have a QB just as good, if not better than him...
Would like to be cuddled up during this rain...
you right, it will be
I'm such a terrible student. I feel sorry for my teachers
Lemme not got too started tweeting creative slogans for my clients and colleagues. It's the writer in me! dmp
i co sign this!!!
Kobe best player in the team #justsaying lol
YES! RT : A1 Sometimes collaborating means helping someone in biz you admire without knowing what the immediate return
now I know what your new name is !! It's not BestArianator anymore !
are you here yet? Lol I'm in the Parking lot -_-
Off to Knockouts! Time for some
Put all your towels in the laundry...then take a shower! It sounded like a great idea at the time...
I have tests in every class tomorrow..
Dodged a traffic bullet on 64E
There's about 100 words to describe me right now, none of which are pleasant. It's going to be a long day.
Thx for the mentions, wonderful tweeters!
and ur one of them o_o
- Great to see you're lovin' your major. #KeepTweetin'
i think it's so gross that people drink milk on purpose.
Thank you for following me! I am now following you as well. GNR!!! \m/ MERRY CHRISTMAS & HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Justin Biebers hair comes from s beard.
ohh edward already bumping into me and shit.
RT : Going to to get my haircut.....Supporting ! ;-)
Mind over matter
Turkey could invoke NATO assistance since it is a member, and can request support for processing refugees, border patrols and defense
No LeBrick slander for me tonight. I'm switchin' to this baseball game.
#top10Lies The CIA is not responsible for the distribution of crack cocaine.
All you need to do is sell ONE COPY of your book for ONE MILLION DOLLARS and you're a millionaire. ONE. COPY.
you look gorgeous!!!!
apologies, just seeing your tweet. stepped out but heading back to conference space in a few minutes if you're still around!
Happy Birthday shoutout to
. got the most addictive record out.
I have 2 under 4 and work full time too. fun and frazzled sums it up.
Attending a very informative webinar on blogging at
BUT the Packers D gives hope! And Rodgers too! He's 3 x better than #4. Get it? Cause Rodgers is # 12. My new favorite number.
These past three starts have Minor dangerously close to minor-league demotion. Shocking, given his dominance prior to this stretch.
Rage is good Alf! Perhaps it is time for me to do another book!
HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA..send me a email..i can send u sum #BANGERS..dont miss on dis new
I believe the #custserv should tackle one channel at a time before rolling out apps. Conquer and proceed
My goal is to see you this year.. at least once!
Only 15 minutes left to vote before the polls close. Have you cast your ballot?
Slim McGinn's has the new Lakefront Snake Chaser on tap. $15 for a pint, you keep the glass and a t-shirt. Yes please.
Me too. RT : on Spoon.net, not possible to try out IE -- this was what I hoped to be able to do, I'm a MAC person!
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~ Albert Einstein
3 more followers!!!
sure thing, happy to send! DM your shipping address. anyone else for A NATURAL WOMAN?
whenever a teacher asks for volunteers in class I'm going to end up yelling "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" #hungergames is eating my life.
thanks for the heads up, we'll be on the lookout for it!
#furchat thanks hows the chat going? I'm gonna catch the tail end, working away on website - should be live today/tomorrow!
Back at #a11ysummit :integrating accessibility across devices
hotter than tatter tots?? :O
you & your mom both. whens the next time your free? cause ill bring him to see you! Im gonna need your address too for the wedding
Give it away.
fixed it with "open all with current extension as" of course, but Sass should probably also have its own native highlighting.
I hate the nights I can't sleep and I got nothin better to do
We need to catch up!
Cello Fury at the Garfield Artworks! 8pm tonight!!!
Huff introducing SB 1059 for Rep Caucus: He's critical of rubber rooms, unaware his bill would mandate rubber rooms in all school districts?
2 months till the
You think a noon start down here in Chicago is gonna prevent that?
You are happy to be #alive #Livelovelaugh Everyone
north Chelsea
Great presentation. Congrats on the new gig. If I can pick your brain Subway is on me!
#ThingsMyExSaid Give me another chance
dude, i loved that movie
Come see us and learn about treatment for your back pain at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center today and tomorrow.
Good Morning. Or as we say on the Secret Service, "Why are these hookers still here?..."
Swear I hate em : These blurry Avi's gotta chill
thanks Man!!! and dont forget me.
awesome advice Angela!
Anybody know how to contest a fraudulent purchase on your itunes account?
You gotta know your wanted.
#ff future owner of Arsenal, on FM :)
Is getting McDonalds breakfast worth the stomach pain?? YURP...
That's what I hear.
You wanna text me back?
I'm stunned at the outcome of these games today...
Maybe I've grown magnanimous and less niggardly in my old age, but I'm pretty sure we were tied for top Wordmaster.
at the uncles house
My tummy is making me want to use the bathroom but I can't use it because SCHOOL TOILETS ARE NASTY AS FUCK!
Marquee Mondays with Killing it.
you really shouldn't drink and judge. It's not pretty. #thevoice It's Simon and Jennifer Hudson all over again.
what's your social security number?
Wow, well there u go! Oh, and if the Titans stomp on the terrible towel again, they should be banned from the NFL!! hehe
I love dot, and have found it perfect for generating graphs from dynamic data. Looking forward to 's video.
that's awesome dude. I'm gonna get the cancer ribbon on my upper arm with my mothers passing date on it.
honestly, I was just tired of being left out, so I'll take what I can get. When I have a tablet to worry about, I guess I will...
silly cats....
I take serious issue with using policy like this to fund stuff like education. Unimaginative and harmful.
im all around annoyed and seriously frustrated...
Good and fast.
at least you get less done in less time...
Novo coffee and savory croissant from - great start to the day.
Caramelized onions, and much more!
Android IAP is a nasty bitch to get working. The error messages mean exactly Zilch.
Game 3! Let's go #HEAT!
With the power of #PRAYER there is nothing I can't accomplish... Tha homie showed me that..
CODY IS KING
Happy birthday, ! You were just mentioned on NPR as an alternative to Google.
citations for english papers <
Tonite w/ Tim Luntzel Brooklyn Boogaloo Blowout at Red Lotus Room Bklyn 1am. Start time pushed back for a singing wolf act.
Only 2nd period and I lost my yellow card.
Or phrased differently, "think twice before you fund independent projects anonymously."
Thompson would rather draft than sign big names. It's the difference between him and Ron Wolfe.
if my mom do this one thing for me i would forever be grateful because im in need of it lol
Ashleigh has developed an excellent program about believing in your own power and following your dreams! Has 4 assemblies this week!
City Market area misses you. Lol
Who Can I Trust In This Cold World ? .. My Phonie Homie Had A Baby By My Ol' Girl
seriously. this. dude.
Never be afraid to try something new. Like spending every Thursday night with us!
Come do something for us in vegas nigga! <3
I love being able to say, "my office". Let's see how long that lasts.
The most amazing thing about the human mind, is its capacity to repeatedly love, love and love again...even after the hell its been through.
PRODUCT OF THE DAY!! Forever Royal Jelly: Boosts energy, supports the immune system! Easily absorbed and readily digestible!
Sebastian Ingrosso's podcast is good. What do you listen to?
yea that is sad that anotherr close family member is leaving but its definitely an honorable thing to do
wish they weren't sold out, guess I'll just get in trouble for watchin Laugh At My Pain at work lol
:P ha
Nice to know it was their servers. Not my excessive additions of titles and descriptions.
lol it looks cool. they are green
Turkey FEST begins!! COME cheer 4 BRONCOs & enjoy a giveaway w/ the 101.5 The Truth Radio during pre&post show! All on THANKSGIVING!!!
We've got your HH plans, join @ Bar Louie from 4-6p (at the corner of 6th and Colorado) for a FREE martini and small plate!
Sick of hypocrites. this is just fucking bullshit. people need to realize wtf they do as apposed to wtf they're bitchin at me about
- I'm teaching Mr. Bungle how to play a flying V guitar.
I suspect a lot of the votes "for" don't have gays as neighbors, or even know any.
well..maybe..a little..
.RT : Kicking off the "Defending Public Higher Ed" conference, hosted by the great folks !
Merry Christmas to the Christians, and Happy Chinese Food & Movies Day to the Jews!
": Nas murdered Hov"what was u smoking crack then listen to the takeover
“: :) hey every1 , how's every1s day going ? X x” school <U+E005><U+E113>
anytime let me know what u want to do and ill give u ideas
Somebody just told me to give my Drake ticket away so I could come to camp one extra day! Umm I think not!
Downtown Houston at night >>>>>
Sometimes it's a good thing to have fake people in this world. It helps you find out who your real friends are.
Instead of raising awareness of some idiot via a Twitition (that's real?) Just don't follow him & don't follow those that retweet him.
Good to know...I'm a little scared but I ate it all over Japan & never ever got sick so I shouldn't worry!
#NickiComeBack sure come back....follow me ill folow back
Nice. Hopefully they are in the same key!
Have you ever met the #ThugInACocktailDress and if you have was she nice?
Promoted with tenure!
I don't always drive like an asshole, but when I do, I'm listening to 's essential mix.
The cash register stopped working and the cashier had to manually key in over 700 coupons! But the lady saved over $900!
is anyone else having issues with facebook or is just me? nothing will load.
happy birthday to my biffff i loveyouuuu sexy <33333333333
Happy milf day
thank you! :)
no but read about the trial on Daily Beast- OH LORD_ he is fucked to the rafters by his own hand mind you
Awesome! Thanks for taking the time to read my new book. As you probably know, this one's not for the kids. ;-)
So glad brought on Preston Wilson to reiterate the most obvious things in the game. I call capitalism. Let me try that job.
EyeSeeVideo.com monitoring from your smartphone is EASY, plug and play. One lucky FEI twitter follower will win one, 3/31/11 Could be U
You had a link to a review. I went there and couldn't find it. Not on your website.
what are you doing in DC? Going to the Rangers / Captials game tomorrow afternoon?
ice isn't good to chew on yet, i still chew that shit : /
Good grief! Where are his parents? Wonder if they know he's at your door!
Watching Jones/Evans again. People claiming Chael Sonnen is the answer are dumb, he has NOTHING JJ can't handle.
Quebec gangstas... i don't know if I can survive DAT HOMIE! BTW... when do I get to vacation in Quebec at your casa? :D
Is lip syncing the cool thing to do for your superbowl halftime performance?
Stats from Sun Prairie clerk: As of Monday night 9.4% of the city's registered voters had voted.
Ugh why must he act like an ass lol
We have the #bestfans! RT : What a nice morning someone in front of me & they treated me to my breakfast :)
My PC politely told me "Twitter was overwhelmed" I had to log on later !
Who to follow? That is the question. In search of professional mentorship...
Excellence! Allen and my gurl Tisa Wills..#sangin and acting! My God Today
thanks for joining us this weekend!
Jonathan Lucroy is trying to look like Ben Foster.
So much going through my head.. So many changes are about to be made hopefully..
Tired-leaving unpacking till tommorrow. Thankful to be in my bed w/ blankie, warms my heart knowing cuddled w/ her hubby in it.<U+2665>
Get on that dick. You get that money, go Oprah for me.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment ?Ten ants !
Maxin and relaxing... big year ahead personally and professionally. Lots of weddings to shoot and magazine submissions. #Versatile Photog
“: i ask my self that EVERY NIGHT!” Haha it's a horrible feeling!
Obama not truthful that he has increased oil drilling. Fact: drilling permits are DOWN 36% since he became President.
oh, okay.
At a talk by Robert Greenstein of addressing whether policy makers are actually making #poverty worse.
you know you love it, everyone loves a good mentioning.
Im who he chose...i love you babe :)
Hey sweetie! Hope you are great!
Recording our homie and he's going hard on the beat
I've lived in roxbury for 20 years and nothing has ever happened to me either but I don't hang out on BHA -quality of life
The topic is recycling now. (Sorry).
Why do I suddenly feel like I've been hit by a bus?!
Absolutely! Are you in Atlanta? Yes, I'll let Angelo know...blessings!
“: think I'm about to go plank in my bed (: goodnight”
On the way to present Pokatok to the Pomona Valley, CA, Boys & Girls Club with Cal Poly Pomona Latino/Greek athletes leading the way.
RT : If you have any new/gently used shoes that you'd like to donate, drop them in the Soles 4 Souls box by the front desk by 7/30!
The little miss has a Spring cold. She's a mini snufalufagus. Luckily it has had no affect on her appetite or energy. She just keeps going.
i cant belive we made of a week of no school in summer vacation,i have a feeling summer vacation is gonna go by fast.."No" :(
#FearTheBeard that was SICK
Caleb's Wars by the wonderful David Dudley. It's great so far!
on what that "Tony Montana" dnt just make your shoulders jump tho every time you here it???
Thanks for following my twitter Rim. Best of luck on your way to Zen living.
Can't believe tebow is taking first take & sportscenter away...
Of every 5 hands I'm dealt, I'll play one.
Even the most violent critic will soften in the presence of a patient, sympathetic listener- b silent & let the cobra dispose its venom
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does
Had to tell my mom why is famous today :(
lmao xD so i still remember the toys r us thing we were talking about lmao xD
cannot wait to visit when I am Seattle in a few weeks. Which location to choose?
Are you talking about ?? Aww how cute! ;p
hey, Rock Center on NBC tonight has segment re #concussions in female soccer players.
Never let yourself get fooled by someone who tells you one thing but their actions do another....
see you at Ticketstock tomorrow....
"Life is just a bitch, a bitch is like a hoe. Hoes want the money, money come and goes."
Hi 'Jimmy', I'm always up for a few cold 1881's after work at Sam's. Tomorrow? Ask to join.
JUST FINISH MAKING MY SCHEDULE FOR THE FALL SEMESTER....FINALLY SOME REAL CLASSES...
I absolutely dread going into Bath & Body Works. They ask of you need help every 5 damn seconds.
3rd set at in 10 minutes....its crazy here!!!!
Kip, you are the man. Much appreciated.
So excited about my new skorts! Can't wait for it to get warm enough to wear them!
should bring back,Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in Queensland,Australia and for 2013
I can teach you to #beatbox !!!
Just put on a bus heading north for C2E2 - solo parenting weekend begins now!
How about Superman!
oh kool...oh well...letz be friends
Thank you for your participation !
Angry Birds space is epic!
LADIES DRINK FREE 10-12 AND CAN WIN $250 IN THE MISS WHITE TRASH CONTEST
when are we going to hit the grey screen and losen up some cash...Not just steal from it. What happened to for the people.....
Did you know that gets a kick out of grossing out her colleagues w/ new derby injuries every day? Today's takes the cake.
Pretty sure I just saw a man walking along the side of the road with a shotgun. Um...
RT : E.l. James was actually charming And down-to-earth. Her fans are...devout.
I miss my so much right now. We need to tweet each other right now.
wow, the lemony appley pork loin sammy was amazing! As was the honey bacony polenta. So good!
"Life best live is life by design"
<3 the heatwave!
There are just so many things that I'll probably never get a chance to tell you. I guess it's better that way.
I warned the folks that if they didn't plan for allocation, people would not be happy. Economics was right again. Surprise!
I mean, which bloggers think they could run which corporations after playing which video games?
check out mine and my brother's vlog www.youtube.com/thetduke
Most difficult part, the first weekend.
Good Night!
The greatest productivity secret in the world is to be passionate about your work.
Buy buy buy RT : It's Monday and we are offering 20% off your entire order all day long. Hurry! this deal is Today Only!
1st time making egg rolls. I hope its a success! :-)
Haha! I wish. I read a tweet from a girl today where she said something lame & it got 50+ favorites. I guess I need bigger tits.
i love you so much you are so sweet plz RT RT
Mayhew better go get mike jenkins from dallas
I don't know. Textures can gross me out just as much as an awful taste.
At La Ha with my momma! #mexicanfood <U+2764>
Banking on a good weather today in Tempe.
those pitches or he needs better aim and a bigger set of balls.
University of Colorado Law School & Northwestern University School of Law
Thanks! RT ErinsFoodFiles I stayed at when I needed to be downtown. Gorgeous rooms, great bar. Next to CNN.
There's no rush. Just go with it.
Instead of focusing on things you don't want, focus on what you want!!!!!!
vw using indiana license plates? excellent.
only you understand me. . I swear
Thanks! I had fun teaching it.
Returning hugs ...
I knowww you would've!! Gotta communicate better with her! :)
Sitting here watching You-Tube videos with my daughter.
thank you for raising awareness of my cousins story and supporting his sons. Bill's Seattle family misses him a lot!
Fine! I'll have coffee & chocolate crosissant alone RT : top secret x 2 > I'll sniff it out
This is NOT hijacking the PXY Twitter. Ok, maybe it is... RT : quit teasing us raph!!!!
Today is a good day and I would like to thank all who made it possible.
Do eeeet! I just did :)
if they were dating, im pretty sure they'd keep it a secret... lol @ this girl.. i cant even.
Visuals do play a strong role in the world of advertising, but when it comes to politics, the language used plays a crucial role.
112 Surgery Center Administrators to Know - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
Get the gun. Shoot. Shoot. Shoot.
Good morning ...one day down 4 to go..the first 5 days after the weekend are so hard...
Ur body's gonna think u starvin it now stop it. Lol
lol fair enough
hello there nice to follow you feel free to visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com see our UGG boots.
Can I send you some info about us? We're a new Miami based Startup that I think you'd be into
Moisturize from within! www.5StarFishOil.com
the band-aid empress, lives the life of Pooh. Her Boswell is perhaps the finest cilantro-yogurt-bacon-currant Tweeter in America.
The speaker for my next class is super queer. *swoon* Hey.
That's actually a great idea -- screen out guys by how they visit a museum. Too funny that you notice though.
The word here is Wow re. J.A.H(2012) The preview; wow, she said
Shout out to our Secret Style Agents!
The ex: I can't eat or sleep, I'm so upset. Me: that's not necessarily a bad thing, you could stand to lose a few pounds
RT : We've got Oreo Jones Performing Live TONIGHT - 6:30 #LocalUnderground! Come Enjoy some Fresh•Local•Beer & Hip Hop!
don't drown in the shower
Purchasing a new ride is SO STRESSFUL!!!!!
fair enough! It was worth a shot though! Have you ever roped him into your social media biz or has he been spared so far?
Observations from my teen daughter: Imitating Edgar Allen Poe is easier said than done....
Re-activated Facebook. Finally going Grocery Shopping, byyee!
Go Mark! “: Evernote gets big data religion: joins as Head of Data Products (tech co-founder of , VERY smart)”
Nice speech about not relying only on computers Dave grohl only to have your acceptance speech ended early by party rock anthem
Protein Power Up! Next Week's Special: 25% OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
I wonder what obstacles are in store for me today.
lol seems to be enough for you. ,)
crap! Let me know when you find them. I've been looking too.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock " #12ProofsOfLove...The Passion To Protect."
Time to venture out to the boulangerie TOUTE SEULE! It'll be okay though, there's one for about every 4 meters of Paris
I'll bring it up before dodgeball!
Emanuel thinks there should also be a #RTTT for early childhood education, local school districts. Recommended to Obama.
Yep! Let's get her done!
I really dig that game. The cell shading makes it I think.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked it.
I don't know about this ending. "can you see us getting married?" "I love you!" This girl isn't even in HS yet!
So we have been thinking about bringing in some guest vocalists on our new recordings...who would you want to hear?
Great picture! I'm coming for a visit next week! Cannot wait!
Hey Babe, We added the event for you. <3
garlic is the GOO in DO.
Cherish the importance of knowing who is worth being cherished.
Thank you for tweeting today's guest post over at !
Thank you!
Wanna go home so badly. I miss her so much.
you are a phenom my dear...xoxo
L'amour vainc tout. ~ Anonymous (Love conquers all.)
I'll be here tomorrow I leave on fri. What time do you get in?
#SignsYourSonMightBeGay If he's a virgin at age 18. You know something is up
Albeit a very stylish house but it would only last a few months before completely falling apart in true IKEA fashion
Just cleaned up two full and unhappy inboxes...feeling so much lighter now!
Businesses in Detroit! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Why do I feel all lonely? :/ I would complain about wanting a girlfriend, but I can actually do something about it instead of complain.
hey hey! How are you : )
#POTD is an album which it took some sad news to kick me into gear and listen to, and now I'm pissed it took me so long.
MG - if you ever get a chance, would love to hear your thoughts on Grouposts!
computer class :/
Jae-Wan's Domestic Disturbance available on iTUNES and @ Best Buy World wide.... 3rd world music Motha Fuckas!!
Me either
who am I to question why you took the path you took? And who the fuck am I to open this closed?
you know MSI?! Omg. Yep, best friends we are.
I'm thinking it might be time to watch Long Way Round again.
I'm into crime/detective shows now 0.0. I always kept being an FBI agent or detective as a plan B in case the whole hair career didn't work
Shawn, what's the good word? Hope all is well!
happy birthday to the first lady! Despite the harsh critics, I think you are a great example for black women! Thank you!
Don't like H-town hip hop, ignorant shit.
I am a little overwhelmed. My dress is nice and I have my tiara but beyond that, I haven't done much. :/
I think you're going to like our new computer backgrounds
Draw something? With me? Thanks! -jacobhennen (:
heck yeah JS! Can't wait to play around with ExtJS and make some nice looking dashboards
RT : I love your music, so glad y'all followed me! :) // Thanks so much! (And we're glad you follow us too!)
what part of insomnia did you not understand?! lol yeah I caugth it immediately after and was like... meh.
Hello how are you
Hey fam..Tune into CNBC at 9p EST..Billions behind Bars... And no its not your local water spots.. profits in the corrections industry..
in what year KG started using ANTA?
RT Now following u come highly recommended by
thanksgiving food only has the status of food on thanksgiving, the rest of the time it's fat crap. trash is where it belongs.
RT : Well, at least our moms think we're the best of the Twin Cities. #botc // Think again, boys.
Sometimes you should just treat yourself...
I'm sorry to hear that you were having problems accessing your site last night. Is the problem still occurring? ^CB
So Ryan Braun has / testosterone levels high / he's natural stud?
I agree to all of those.
Is that Justin Beiber with Mayweather?! I knew he was weak!
How does that pavement taste ?
Love the new Hunter Douglas App, esp. that you can upload pics of your own windows to test shade options.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition NEW MUSIC !!
well that wasnt smart.. cause im doing the same.. but i really dont want to cause my friends mean alot to me.
Yes...how is everyone? Big weekend?
I miss will chadick! The legend!!!!!
Everyone cheer on Paula Creamer today!!!!
haha maybe we can start having conversations at o dark 30 in the morning. Orr you could come down to Tenn and do my practices :)
Have you spotted #ZillyDilly creator yet? He is making the rounds at #IRA2012. Be sure to say hi!
Catch my flight, six am. One more stop and I'm home again. Here I go.
Loves his girlfriend =P
Gas Tank Contamination, What&#39;s been Done, What&#39;s being Done to Stop It
Like watching a mans final words before the lynching?
I know, but I have been trying to focus and get Zen about finishing this book before the end of the year.
After formal.
Finally joined AFTRA, next step is an improv class at UCB. I'm excited for what's to come! Every day is a learning experience!
Im faded
Tennis & Sunshine @ Indian Wells!
Yess! 26 of the 80 songs recorded! They're all really good! Maybe I'll post one on YouTube.. or when I do my Ustream this weekend..((
Turbowolf... The band that pretty much describes my recovery in music!
HER: "Why would I be making money for a Company when I need to work for myself?" ME: "It's like a Pimp" HER: "Everything's like a Pimp" LOL
#AADLA such a fun evening! dapper as always!
Welp. Still proud to be a
Why would he say, "and the pursuit of happiness"
My pleasure, great work!
#FF is your states ALA in this list?
I see Justin Bieber still dominates twitter :)
And my knee doesn't hurt either. I'm so amazed.
Omg....! a girl just passed out
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY everyone! God Bless! xoxoxoxooxoxoxox
I need Thursday to arrive sooner! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
done runnin....trouble tonight
You are SO right!
nope, me too! I'm sure it's lovely, but I have enough sharing already.
Just realized, I've been teaching for over a third of my life.
RT : "Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation." Alan Autry
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...Bayer Aspirin was patented today in 1899! From all hangover sufferers- thank you Bayer
Is Mark Sanchez One of the New York Jets' Top Five Quarterbacks of All-Time ... - Yahoo! Sports
# WWW.MENUOFMENUS.COM. Check it! It's a cross promotion with us.
that was 86 or 87? I left in July 85, got out
Why did I get in this traffic:/
I know u've been hurt by someone else I can tell by the way, u carry urself. If u let me heres what I'll do I'll take care of u.
Money looking right
ur my favorite :-)
Good morning y'all, woke up with a sore throat. Time to drug myself!!
"Butterfly" kisses (eyelash to cheek) were supposed to keep away anything bad. Tough for me with zero lashes, sigh.
Are you drunk and hungry? You are. You know it. Order Pizza Shuttle online at pizzashuttle.com
Should also point out that our bandcamp site also features album liner notes written by the great
I'm so sad, I never met you...
With your managed VPS, is it possible to install apps such as Varnish, Git, Memcached, Drush etc... ? thanks.
Morning lovelies :)
I love hot dads.
would like to see me going to awesome vegetarian spots!!! LOL!!!!! All the Best to You, Always! GOD BLESS. :)
@#hackingsociety agenda: session 1: economics of networks, 2: networks v. Hierarchies, 3: network politics
Blog issue resolved, thank you!
- Yes I do. She's brilliant.
we can dream though haha. its the ideas that make money that get the go ahead. hard to find ones that improve life at same time
thanks man. I really do appreciate that
I wish music had swear words in it. You have my Facebook info, right? Clearly, I'm not 8 years old.
This is why I didn't want you in my life.
Getting excited for the employee meeting this Friday! Proud to work with so many talented people!
At The Sewickley Cafe to integrate food and wine menu onto the iPad. The delicious looking food is distracting...
" Can you boo former UO defensive standouts Justin Wilcox and Peter Sirmon?" >>No - they deserve to make a living. Good guys.
If you don't like this Clipper Game then your not a basketball fan.
atleast I don't pretend they are chickens
well aren't u sweet?! And I are truly excited for u & ! ATL trip? I think so...
": A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will never leave you." Story of my life
OH MY GOSH DILLON YOU HAVE A BEARD NOW......(Dillon's Haircut song melody)
Lmao RT : <<~~got some fie ass adlibs lol ": <---- Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making"
I dont feel like cooking......AH.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16
Thanks boo!
- Hey Denton Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
can't wait for the game tomorrow! I'll be sporting my twins shirt in the crowd of rays.
That's a Dice-K walk rate
I hate it when your siblings hog the bathroom /: lol!
#shoutout #shoutouts please! i follow back!
Hey, just swing at any junk Luke. That'll get em back.
": I don't understand you. Please use SEARCH_TERM in LOCATION format (and make sure to mention me in your tweet)"
Are you now giving me unpublished David Foster Wallace titles?
Good luck to all TEXAS Public schools on STARR Test this week.
Is liking the lyrics of Bruno Mars song
It's making me so mad that the writers just ignore the fact that at no airport in America would she be able to go up to the gate.
dude trash
Happy Birthday to Ms. :) you're the best girl. keep on kickin' ass!
#nowplaying Tell me a lie. ONEDIRECTION
I hvnt been fuckin wit twitter like i used to
Who's going to the LB show??
Arrupe is really good, coming home from work, how is the studying??
Hey , Will You Ever Notice Me?? I Hope So. I Love You With All My Heart & It Would Make Me The Happiest If You Followed Me(:
good man, can't complain... Everything good with you?
well it is late
“: Time goes by way too fast.” always gotta enjoy every second!
quality service, and cooperative attitude! RT "Last thoughts on creating trust with other vendors... #weddingmarketchat"
#Themomentwhen you realize that #America is too stupid to realize that one world cup is equal to 4 crappy super bowls.
we won't even defriend you only block. We are passive AND judgmental and the farther west you go the worse it is.
Well there goes two hours an 15 minutes of my life I'll never get back just from making Etymology cards.
Tomorrow at Jovita's...bring your friends. Should be a good night. :)
I'm working until 3:00, but maybe- I will also have to cook mother's day at some point between now & 12 people over on Sunday
If hospitals and restaurants want staff and visitors to wash their hands thoroughly, they should have hot water in the bathrooms
They should have iPod chargers built into the treadmills!
DCUO Prime Battlegrounds Speedfeat POST NERF - Key - hex keys
It's mostly just that *I* go dark from time to time.
THAN sex...
I agree on the Farm Boss. Up to any task. I have found popping back cover every 5-10 hours to clean helps too.
stop at boudin's near fisherman's wharf for some clam chowdah in a bread bowl.
That's Impossible :)
Whatevs, you're the
Whole wheat pasta with fresh farmers market veggies and garlic dill chevre from the goat guy. Yeah.
thats good my man cause ive got my dream girl too
As long as injustice abounds in the workplace, no salad is safe!
I'm following every one that follow
Just ate a chocolate mousse that came in a cat food can. It was surprisingly tasty. Odd portuguese desserts.
THIS IS SO BABIESH
Who rates the credit worthiness of credit rating firms?
haha of course you are! hit a bitch up when you get there, i'm readyy to start
Start your weekend a little early tonight at Whiskey Chicks - we have 100 Bones performing and Ladies Night w/ free beer for ladies 10-11pm!
Need help with installing a network security camera?
Tuesday or Monday
I'm good, at Disneyland :) wbu?
from now on my goal in life is to use to word "brouhaha" as many times as possible
I'm waiting for your men's line of jewelry to come out!
first auditions today!
Are my 3 Cocker Spaniels that I live with
your new pooch is so cute! Dogs are awesome.
Noah made me perfume. It stinks. I don't want to know what's in it.
Strapping on my ankle brace for some exercise. Mowing, jumping rope, and dancing.
even more ironic is that my maiden name is Jodi Nichy, lol.
Not quite yet I've got a date at the cheese bar at tonight ===> What's shaking? (I'm hoping a martini...)
<-- Is now 's minion Until Eddie or Ricky whisks her her off to UK
Ah! So cool! I love following #wapfconf on Twitter!
About to watch Bill Maher and #Realtime from Friday. What are the actual chances that won't make a 4:20 joke?
Where are your hands P Rob
Cinco de Mayo = un tremendo success
Watching Life !
<--- follow? please? please? please? NOW! :)
Tickets are almost sold out for Riveters vs Dutchland Sat May 21. Doors at 6pm! Get there early, seating is first come first serve!
More website will become available once the P.E official website is live again!
No. Nobody likes me. And it's okay. It'll all be done soon.
Yup at mbtb
I don't even know how to feel but I'm on my happy trapday right now!!! Lol
You're crazy to think just half your love, could ever please me.
Snitches get stitches
Ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save? Learn about our special offer on the TQ5 Hybrid Home Gym Today!
checked out n fine doctors say im diseased free( applause with a slight cheer from the crowd) :-)
Ha different car, but pretty much captures it
yayayayay so excited!!!!!'
Hahaha I get like that to!:)
Thanks for posting my FB page!
school year*
my mommy needs to hurry): i am red to go!
I don't understand why MoveOn would send an email on Citizens United today, when everyone is talking about gay marriage.
Never Take Today for Granted, None of Us are Guaranteed a Tomorrow...
big players manipulate the market through the news and media. They need other people to take other side of their trades.
thanks for the plug!
when do I ever call back when I say I am?
My heart is heavy!!
Watching The Strangers
Dear John, what a great movie
Sounds good. Let's make it happen.
don't let your fire burn out.
: Loved the videos! Still humming the tunes from last night—can't wait for more. #Smarthistory will link to them.
Really bummed there's no new ep of tonight. Don't know how I'll be able to wait another week!
Yes, I almost forgot. “ I need to link up with to talk about this Vegas trip!”
“: Well done sir. “: Mitt Romney was the inspiration for Papa Doc in 8 Mile. Barack Obama is Rabbit. " huh?
OMG it's gonna poor. Watch out LA!!! Yeehaa, I feel like I live in Miami these days! Stay warm, safe and dry
Um I work in the Pacers building. Where are you at haha?
Knightley particularly delighted
Happy bday to you both!:) // RT : Happy Birthday !!! We are just 1 day apart! :) Enjoy ur day! Xoxo
Thinking about getting my dog a t-shirt with my college logo on it. That's grounds for waterboarding, right?
SORRY I ALREDY HIT THE FOLLOWING LIMIT =( FROM 500 FOLOWING NOW TO 1000+ I'LL TRY IT THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW COZ I WONT B ON
well good luck with the exam. U will do good !!!!!!!!
check my direct message to you :)
phone fixed yet?
Gatorade lime cucumber is a weird flavor like something is wrong with it yet really good at the same time.
David Graeber: source of indignation in #ows supporters: in order to do work of care -- be a teacher or doctor or nurse -- you have to 1/2
zit on my lip the size of saturn. fucking perfect.
Sittin here tryna read my history book during a movie night
Do you want your banner on our website?Send me a direct message
OFF TO THE GYM SEE YOU ALL IN ABOUT TWO HOURS
Thanks to 4 the follow! Text messaging is a great way to send reminders of important dates to clients. Ask how 918-271-0062.
Happiness is heading back to Chicago-in just a few hours!! I love it; I take off at 1 pm & land at 1 pm, Yelptoberfest tonight absolutely!!!
Happily Listening to good live music with friends in the 'hood. :)
"High hopes."
why are you up so early
And a #ShoutOut to the #RapAttack crew , riding listening to this #NotoriousBIG mix
anyone have an extra bib for the carlsbad half-marathon on jan. 23? please email me at ! i'll pay!
should do a cover on sure thing by miguel!
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. ~ Henny Youngman
I like our position. No matter what they do, we've got a shot.
yeah :D did you?
AW how sweet!!! all over Twitter. But seriously Happy Mothers Day!!!
If you want to destroy my sweater....
I don't know that I've ever heard anyone say "Wack-em", only "Way-com".
didn't watch it to be honest...
A banana and an orange
did yhu hear new single #SaySomethin on the radio???!! It's an awesome song !!
Watching last weeks #awake and it just got awesome!
Another new gluten-free flour on the market. Grapeseed flour!
good. waiting for my friend to pick me up. got to go babysitting in a little bit.
yes I did. This one fits my brand better.
Sounds like a fun night Keep in touch. I like your work hope we get to work together soon.
thats exactly what we like. Your movement and your hustle. Pure and honest. Thats what makes it #FRESH! We're excited bro.
geology, the most boring class anyone could have lol
next time ur in az were going to the stip club for sure!!!!!!!!! hahaha had a good time homie!
RT : Tune into "Pinstripes" on PHL 17 at 1:00 pm. Cliff Lee and a trip to Lakewood will be featured.
Name three.
The fact that no one cares that Bieber admitted to underaged drinking and yet jumped down Miley's throat makes me mad.
Gymnastics: Rising Stars advance to regionals
biggest inspiration of all time. Your songs get me through things I can't explain. Look for my album one day luv ya!
I don't care what NOBODY Say...Kobe is the G.O.A.T. If you hate on KB24 you just a Loser...
Thank you so much for the mention! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
I think the community here needs to do more to help technology experts *become* museum experts. Not an easy leap.
seems to be a perfect case for a multimodal (sociopolitical) discourse analysis
“: we can just try and take over the town in the process” ah man, I just gave up taking over towns for lent
We want to follow you, we really do! But we've reached our follow limit for now :(
why not dinner?
watcha wanna do!?
yesh i'd like to see #welcomehomehomosexuals trending but hey sleep sounds good doesn't it
I love #AngelsAndGentlemen Listen to it everyday. How do you do it Cody?
I'm only is spanish 5, wtf did she just say though?
I wish
Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci
": it is better to do one thing well then to do many things poorly. : )">>> so, so true!
I am not afraid to be myself.
I know right! The cast are amazing and so talented!
Some days really test us and luckily they are usually just stepping stones to better days....
2012 is almost here! bust out your #swagg with new clothes from #karmaloop Save 20% with repcode MARYJANEEATER
Hate when you get your hopes up high and then they get crushed down #petpeeve?
Thank buddy! See you in Oct! “ Congratulations on being on the ZendCon Advisory Board again this year!”
okay good!
My dad is so gooffy!!!
Ops, I misread our departure time!
Specyph what you Believe.. Have a great day
I can't with the work computer or iPhone, unless we pay to subscribe, boo
I'm alil beyond the normal 25 year old. I can see & smell bull from a mile away. I have a hustle mentality so New York was a perfect fit
Be thankful that you have a life & forsake your vain and presumptuous desire for a second one - Richard Dawkins
- I admit I have to check mine every time...
Our lives... “: - just looked at the wall while boss asked me where i was the other day. such a #brat.”
Come on #Badgers!
Cloudpath celebrates its largest win in K12! Fairfax County Public Schools, 12th largest SD in US. 1st 12 to DM will win a free CP Tshirt
Ok well I have to go. Buut it was so nice to talk to you :) And hahah have fun in school ;p
Swallowed bitterness, finally broke out my If Not Now, When? album by Incubus for a first-time listen. My heart hurts, listening to this.
this the best tweet i seen all year
you ain't made for em Rick!!!!!
First soccer game of my high school career = success ! We won 5-4 #yeahbuddy ! Lol I love my team <3
HAD SO MUCH FUN AT OUR VALENTINE DANCE. NOW OFF TO THE BALLGAME. TEAM ALEXIS!!! GO FOLLOW ME
awesome! Where were you? That must feel great :-)
I'm excited too!! Haha ill see ya all the time then :)
thank u!!
Do it to it Lars
I just ran the numbers... in 2011, only one in twenty people were part of the top 5%. What's our world coming to?
Thanks for the RT :)
my friend called up there and asked!
look up this song called christ in me by my group school of worship
Miss Twist will be @ Baltimore & Greene
Images of America - Fort Myer made its debut today at the Pentagon Library - A copy has been donated.
The overlap of the museum's and the public's perspective of the institution is how the brand develops.
Y'all ain't n the same room?!?
Not to be ungrateful, but "anti-love" songs, are still love songs.
oh shit. Man that ain't good.
I only have a couple avail on Monday when I get them in
Arkansas is winning! are winning! Texas lost!
I know, you did you wanted him to win you told me so during cod.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
I salute NYC Mayor for standing up for women's health by pledging a $250k matching grant to #Planned Parenthood!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall on reggaenostalgia Reggae101 Show, Feb. 13.
Hey, South Lake Unioners, Pie Cookies will be in your neighborhood today! Caramel Apple!
this is worse than a breakup with a human.
Would you standby &watch someone be bullied? Or would you standup? #Standup!
Bridal show with my sister!!!!
#thinkingsocial Junco's research: what students do on social media sites matters; study showed promising results on retention
I'm picking 'Hunger Games' to stay on top this weekend. 'Wrath of the Titans' coming up #2. 'Mirror Mirror' is my turkey pick of the week.
I like bear chases...Very fun.
Very nice girl that i have met on Twitter,enjoy in u`re day Love ya!
Dont give up.Someone is depending on your strength.Someone is looking to see you rise from the ashes.You are an example to many!
hey now
Have anyone other than Dave & Rachel and Art & JJ won a leg? Some crappy team will probably sneak it at the end.
that's deep
Still thinking about Avatar, which we saw Saturday night. A totally amazing and stunning cinemagraphic experience.
Is it time to drink yet?
American Reunion. Is it fair to assume we’ll get a movie for every milestone that happens to these people? Next up: American Colonoscopy.
thanks for the follow!
Like a twister I was born to walk alone
All Prices are the 3 nights, let me know we have discounts in all Orlando hotels
Im trying to kick this site OFF with a Bang, but I need More Food joints on here!
Party Floppers in tha house tonight!
Can't wait for the new season of #sunnyfx. I need more kitten mittens and greenman.
New newsletter? Complete! It will hit your inbox over the next two days.
Can I get a phone that plays the 2001 theme on someone else's phone when I'm calling?
Love hearing all the great things on Twitter about both #HPMkt and #KBIS! Hope everyone can attend a trade show this year:...
I need a nap!
That looks dangerous
Nice! I live in Pacific Beach, so keep me posted! :)
Still aint went and picked up my wings. Bout to reorder and act like dat wasn't me a hour ago. Lol my shit gotta be hot sorry
Survive and advance.
Had a great time filming the Maple Lawn commercial - what a great production company and group of actors to work with!
Fife Flowers has a check in #deal! Come on by!
That's idiopathic.
I think it would be fun someday to own my own restaurant and then have it featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
Yeah, he totally looks like a hipster. But amongst people my age, that's really not all that deviant from the norm.
s #Ward1TownHall had 33% higher (resident only) turnout than d 2nd best attended Ward Budget Town Hall #Ward1 baby!!!
All of my followers please go follow my producer !!!
The space between the tears we cry Is the laughter keeps us coming back for more
Come on Hawks lets have a great 3rd period.
having 102 fever <<<<
I can't dance but she sure can wine up pon it
I Know Who This Is About
Working hard at &
Now for the student processional. Give a welcome to our 2012 graduating class!
Might wanna spell check.lol.( ;
I guess I'll read my book before I go to bed
whats good boss appreciate the love.. whos your homie that told you about me? have you ever promoted
ugh.....deciding on band merchandise is insane.....so many options
arnt you that ethel person that knows my brother?
Way to nail those Essex chukkers, Hornday: "the hitting of Huynen was just too much for Essex, but a great spectacle was given."
he is a pretty happy guy. Looking forward to getting back in the saddle, literally.
yeah, he was definitely hitting a wrong note.
Hey this Smokin' Joe is on twitter too
yes now on the new season !! And she's gonna be on the episode too
Austin, I am in you.
and people are getting fatter.
Would really like to go someplace other than my house.
Femme fatale will be out on the 21st and on DvD and Bluray!
Work was long but glad I'm off,TGIF for me.
Disappointing game by the pats yesterday, too bad they didnt have enough game on their shoulders
ppl come and go like days and night but thise who stick with u til the end matter most.
Hockey East isn't a charity, it's ostensibly a business. Marginal benefit UConn provides doesn't counterbalance marginal cost
follow us please ?
got the newsletter - thanks for adding and taking care of this!
the old ecw is still out there on YouTube. I used to love that shit
Seven Lakes is fired up for this game. Jared Crosby hits a 3 and has some words for Danuel House. Spartans playing with a lot of energy.
Agreed! Glad YWACTMLWASIYSD
My mood improves exponentially when it's sunny outside.
nunthin looking at paranormal state.... Hbu?
Abrams, virtual access does not equal know how, we are sensemakers
Responsibility is fucking me in the ass and I don't like it!
I agree...but what about "kids or no kids"? Not always possible.
Had a great cross country road trip taking Rachel to IU for College Go Hoosiers!!
Wow. Yesterday was a hot mess. how many drinks did we have?!
Elderly man on the 6 train was reading the BIBLE. What, too good for The Hunger Games? Snob.
- the internet responds to market demand and the ladies love Ryan Gosling, just ask my wife
thanks so much for sharing! we're glad you like the site.
Rescheduled haircut after I see my 5-year old niece next week. Her opinion about matters of the hair counts.
Photo Flashback: Vishten @ Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/vishten2009b.html
cuz i'm on the computer at work
i.want.that.BEARD.
Me either. How weird. You should have just punched her and told her to leave
In Berlin, exploring and checking out the ethical fashion shows at Berlin Fashion Week. Tomorrow's GREENshowroom and Semidomesticated!
You know it's a cloudy day here :3
Pictures must not be too picturesque. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just don't see any fitting in The White House. That said, I couldn't see any president as president before they became president!
Ready to get out of this fucking house.
Nunez made my night
Lst nite was odd. Watched the 1st 3 Rocky movies, ate Tapatio Doritos w/ Tabasco, and played banjo. Scary part was I knew a few banjo licks.
reviving from my turkey coma ... only to realize i feel like cooking
You said that games were much more fun but our love was way too strong.
hey baby :( ily
We set out to make the world a better place. No, you set out to make money. A ton of it.
Great song and video!
I hate it when people think its okay to comment on a post obviously meant for them
I'll watch any movie with bill nighy in it
Electric distraction .
Doggy style(:
#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood-
Going to the see that 70's Japanese horror film, 'House' at midnight. One review said it was like a Sam Raimi film on drugs.
awe :-) :-) :-) thanks boo! Remember this Saturday!
#Warm Cocoa Quinoa with Toasted Hazelnuts, Dried Fruit, Fresh Raspberries and Greek Yogurt! #QUINOA FOR BREAKFAST #healthy breakfast
JaVale McGee ceases to amaze me
It is staggering to think how many people throughout history have also enjoyed milk and cookies in the Wrigley Field press box.
haha oh goodness...well there is a park in wichita..
keep that! :) i was there and it was in my hometown Baltimore, MD :)
Thank you Alison!
Just won tickets on the all new hot 1075 with
Seeking an adviser for bashpolegroup.com with experience in manufacturing consumer products
Go Blazers!!
Hollywood needed this change! Can't wait till the Grand Opening!
Bad News: The projector was broken so we didn't get to see The Three Stooges.
crying. aw what did he say to you
LOL I have no shame...
#Thethingis i really love unattractive stuck up females
Keeping the accused out of jail is our top priority.
#RandomQuestions Why do dogs walk in a circle before they lie down?
The marine from toys for tots is here!
Hey , next time I come to Iowa ...im not coming that far just to Iowa City, ill tweet a hello. Lol
Glad I caught slow jammin the news tonight with Barack.
Enjoying the Alabama and LSU football game this evening. Should be a good one.
Catalogers: What's your favorite pencil for writing in books?
But never again. I'm a lover.
MT : After being kicked out, several reporters tried getting back to floor where Chen was last seen, but were unsuccessful
Getting to know Twitter and the resources on it for actors in L.A., or generally...
Oh snap this kid has some custom made turquoise beats by dre's at my table, he must be a player.
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either. Sorry!
what happened?
Dang !! You have footage?
thanks Katy !
ya it takes a little bit haha. I haven't watched Tosh's new season yet!! Is it good??
The end is near!
Not bumper to bumper stopped kind of traffic, but we get a bit. Can't complain.
Ladies and gentleman,
I hate how if I want to do something, I have to see if my parents can drive me and their always 'tired' so I'm always stuck home.
Is it 5 o'clock yet? *looks at time* Nope...not even 8AM. Eep! Work now, I suppose.
#mudmelt Berrie: the way we express & represent science is culturally det'd.
DM me an address and I will get you hooked up.
Seeing a korean guy and having the feeling of calling him Oppa!
they ass freaky too Lmao!!!
About to record on CBS street date and last fm with Aunt Martha.
cane, belt, hanger, everything, right?.
<U+0093>Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.<U+0094> - Abraham Lincoln
Who is looking to collab on some #Music. I got #Beats for dayzzzzz
RT - But to my followers that kno football.. who do yal think gone beat new England patriots honestly ...
is counting the days to the National Championship Game! UT vs. Alabama...Thurs at 7pm! Hook Em Horns baby!
Book your next flight with us and save minimum 50% off! Flights anywhere, anytime. www.flight-savings.com.au
Missing something... did NCTE just make an announcement or publish? Thought they were questioning. Please catch me up!
"19 in my Nina" getting play in the Lone Star. Good Work
you see those NC elevators during the nomination?
don't let him get to you...he's an idiot or he wouldn't be your "ex"!!
Which model do you have? A 3-in-1 Dell should be able to scan. Can also fax through your PC if you want to set it up.
Just tapped, Abbey Ale (replaces Anthem Hard Apple Cider)
Tokyo Police Club covering The Stokes. The world is one step closer to perfect.
After 7 hours of data collection, we've got results!! More will be revealed.....
Boo, parking ticket for being 9 minutes late at 6:45pm on empty street. Parking services has too much time on their hands.
Hope you can get the hookup again! I'm assuming it does not stream in Canada.
Getting serious about my workouts again and am curious what everyone uses for protein in their shakes. What are some good options?
Since when did #amazeballs, #uber and the pluralization of the word #internet become a thing?
let me know if that helps
Gobble gobble!
Indeed. Rock on Paul.
I recommend you see Jiro Dreams of Sushi In return will you recommend the best place in SD to sushi afterwards?
Would be honored to connect w/ u conf next week! will present at
Oh my god. She sucks. I don't understand why she would agree to write a little if reccomendation if she uses negatives..
And this shit: "Pep changed the lineup 2 often.” It's obvious these writers never played or coached the game.
I know! It's Great, its been two years since Joe Jonas tweeted to me.
Want to write for email your resume and an example street style photograph to
The Closing Address with will take place in to Astor Ballroom in five minutes
"We thought we liked Lamar." -- Been hearing that a lot these days.
The movie rules, that is. The jury is still out on the video...
Just stood at a freeway offramp literally begging for money for a photo shoot.. I made 10 cents! Was hoping noone I knew drove by...heh!
trying to get this whole thing running and last minute groceries lol how bout you?
Driving to Madison tonight with Looking forward to seeing ! :D First full weekend in Badgerland since graduating!
Before you do something, always consider the consequences of your actions.
my hubby would love that. How can I learn more? (we're in Denver so have to make a trip of it)
I can suck in my fat pretty good too!!!
Bases are loaded for the Dodgers in the bottom of the 6th.
Gongrats to Kevin Morris of Miami and brother of Zach Morris. You got the $22 discount of the day! Way to be huge
Gays stop bullying people! If they don't agree with us that's there opinion! Don't say they are wrong! People think differently
dont wanna talk about it
can u hit me with an encore
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games free online no more missing your favorite team play we have them all enjoy!!!
#thebachelorette Some of these guys look older than me! 27?? More like 47!!
I need to chill. anybody?
JobHunters: Keep Networking & Connecting. I know it's challenging. Keep Active, Positive & Focused. U Can Do It! Many Believe in U, incl Me!
What city has the best singers so far on American Idol?
ah I appreciate the tip off!
Lil wayne and Chris brown at the #Grammys !
The Portland Intl' Beer Festival is this weekend - We love a cold one w/ our 's Prime burger & fries! Join us after the festivities.
I wish I could show y'all the foolishness I see at my job tho smh
I can't wait to see Gina tonight...she better be performing, no one gets the crowd/players pumped like her!
that sounds like such an awesome plan that I am definitely going to have to take you up on! :)
omg Austin you are so grown up<3 :')
There is no good in extravagence, however, there can never be extravagence in good deeds
talking to my parents < running uphill, in the winter, with no clothes on, carrying a bag of bricks, with a fat kid on my back.
- the median price of Manhattan apartment listings in April hit $1.5M, a 10.1% increase from this time last year
B B B my BFF cuz IDK whats coming next and let me LMHO with the rest so TTYL XOX ..
“: Ready to rock out with Brad Paisley. Yeah come on.” Can't wait to see ya!
How will Alex Trebek be sent to alternate universes now, if Alex Trebek no longer exists on Jeopardy? Xela Kebert!
Me and swaqqin these niqqas word "monkey ducks"
1 more day then #sb2012 here we come
I thought i heard it was gonna be Fringe's last season.
back to them racks
Woot! It's official: my Etsy shop now accepts credit cards directly, without going through Paypal.
I hate myself.
thanks Kimmy! Let's hope I don't do something silly in my second interview.
DON'T WASH THAT BALL! Oh, wait, it's a baseball? Nevermind...
..excited to hear abt the 30bbl system the crew has on order for their pub..love what those guys are doing
Plans tonight? R U a founder for a tech startup in SD? Join us bit.ly/us6WqC & crowdsource
I think my ears are bleeding.... and why are the coaches lying to them?!
In the studio again today...feeling really creative...#thnking God for my gift
#thatawkwardmoment when your phone changes itself from silent to ring at work and everyone gets treated to some late afternoon Hairspray.
niggah, I'm taking a dump.
. Claudia Duran recognized by #SWC Governing Board for her year as student trustee.
We're so close to the Edward's Theater, Mira Mesa: swing by before catching a good movie.
thanks so much! That's 100 for Jan & 45 for Randy!
Just ordered glasses
Hey girls on "16 and Pregnant" you're not going to college.
This post resulted in cybersex for you, didn't it? You naughty.
#pla12 "I'll see it when I believe it." Importance of visualization....
closet racist?
Thanks, thats what we're going for - smart+entertaining, low jargon quotient
The poster I got at AMC Theaters with my viewing of #JohnCarter is the best marketing for that film. It conveys so much.
go out and do something for which youll feel guilty and have to repent - at least youll have fun while in the throes of it! happy sunday!
Gig tonight in Hermosa Beach at Suzy's...hitting the stage about 8:30-8:45 and rockin for a few hours ! Wear Green !!!
Bruh they put Lance Stephenson in on us SMH
thanks for printing out the homework!
Viva Vavoom! Extravaganza blends Mexican masked wrestling, comedy - Chicago Sun-Times
oh, and come back already. there aren't enough classy people in Miami with the Schumis AWOL!
I just had a great morning sipping coffee at Espresso a mano, one of our sponsor businesses. Delish chocolate croissants, too!
did he use it to call Jesse's girl?
Vision Airlines 30 person plane. Rude flight attendant... Great way to kick off the day. Get what you pay for I guess.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight I would say immunity to Mace but years of interbreeding criminals & evolution since 1982 already gave them that
Back from working out. Time to study for two tests ,and finish my homework. I couldn't watch Vampire Diaries or Jersey Shore :'(
oh snp, what's up dog?!
he is 3 years older than Pat Richter!!!!
at least they are trying, I guess.
Mattress surfing>>>>>
Late night at the studio. I mean, really, what IS late when you love what you do??
Happy Museum Day!
Thank you sir! 2 days/week for now, ramping up to 5 soon.
LOL use your sources!
So...many...grad...parties.
THIS!! I've said NO FRANCISCO ever! Yet look at our MESS! RT : New Francisco, same as old Francisco.
why didn't you tell me the meeting was at 11:30 not 11.. whoops!
#TeenMom2 can't wait till next week
I would go to the American idol tour just for :) and I don't even do idol tours.
S/O to my new followers and the continuous bipolar stalker. S/O to all my followers with fake pages too! Some have more than one page! Lmao
what about it
I better see at Warped Tour or i'll be berry, berry upset.
RT : Good afternoon<< what's good kid?? What's good with SongBook?
Ah, would have loved to meet you! Was a fun event, and yummy food. :) Hopefully I run into you sometime soon!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-27
Bought my costumes for Grease today
Ped. Pal Loofah Foot Scubbys are ONLY,. $6.00 Or get the Ped. Pal club package, when you buy 5 you get one free! 35 fun yumy smelling scents
MKG is gonna take care of business tonight and stomp some jayhawk behind
Who wanna text me ..
yes, and they probably never will :)
When we continue to make cuts in education, we are sending the message to students that education is not important.
Cynosure Announces Presentations and Published Abstracts on Cellulaze™ and New Picosecond Laser Platform Technology at ...
LOL! ya i could imagine.
I never see but at most 2 re mates with him since the tour started. They do need to work a little better together.
Thanks! I've been wanting to ask to you about that entire program.... double date at Blind Lady when you get back to the US?
Non-alcoholic Baileys coffee creamers.
Mommy Dearest, of course.
thanks! The Simon Cowell judge liked me. And we broke some library stereotypes!
#SF courts Warriors:
w u on bailouts [in ordinary circumstances]. Smart regs, the kind W spent 8yrs getting rid of, promotes prudent business practice
O... Sounds like a place I need to check out. God, it would be good to BUILD something again.
and im only getting older somebody should've told cha im on one !
“: ....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...”
In our school vote for the 2012 Caudills you were the top winner for "Greetings From Nowhere"!
When blogging, make sure you establish yourself as an expert.
you got my vote doll!
the song is played. Peace.
You treasure him and treat me like crap.
Congratulations on winning her first major title tonight. I'm so proud of you. You are truly one in a million. Keep it up.
Check out the 17th Annual Pittsburgh Blues Festival July 22-24 at Hartwood Acres! Proceeds benefit the Greater PGH Community Food Bank!
Oh great! It turns out that "fact" that 85% of kids graduating from college return home is - FALSE!!!! Whew! Thanks
is this a person that researches the history of computers? it is a confusing label.
Who's ready to enjoy a beautiful Saturday!
hey everybody its been awhile since ive been on so hi!!!!!!!
Any ways BORED!
love ur song run this town just keep replaying it over and over on my ipod lol love all the others too :)
what sweets will you be eating today??
The definition of [GRACE] is the "manifestation of favor". Jesus is grace given to us by God. He is the manifestation of favor. Wow.
Van is doing an errand, then we'll eat dinner. Want to come by around 6:30-7:00? That would be fun for us. :)
hey, at least we have until august till we have to work until close ;)
Buck needs a 9 panel. Lets guess who refused.
it will depend on if I go to summer 2, but I'm thinking 4 days?
Merry Christmas to you as well. I am good. Finally sitting on the couch being lazy lol. Holiday was good. What about yours?
follow back.?!
The #Titans have plenty of three-way mock options. Love Dont'a Hightower, or Quinton Coples, or Chandler Jones for them.
I can't wait to do more landscaping around the house today. It looks really good so far.
I was already following ! Will you put me on?
are you marking out lol. Your upset and rowd up but when your boy goes down you going be like damn (mud on face) lmao
hope you get some soon..... Sleep that is. Lolol ;-) feel better soon
Mini Guinness shots=delicious
I just finished a 4.22 mi run with a pace of 14'12"/mi and a time of 1:00:00 with Nike+ GPS.
A large shipment of gunpowder has arrived in Egg Harbor, NJ. It is was ordered in secret by the Cont. Congress. Its origin is unknown.
Winter - a little late. Thanks for nothing.
Don't be
: PLZ ask the debt super cmte to support HR 2366, Rep. Barton's (R-TX) online #poker bill THX!
sad,sad day...
I can't wait for the adventure tomorrow
is creeping :)
Matthias "This doesn't look like a race, it looks like a mud-hole." lol
I really need to get on often !
There's no mystical energy field that controls my pants
Thanks for the follow! And we think you ARE pretty special :)
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
Me too dude.
Congratulations on an insightful series of blogs about entrepreneurial traits.
I have been dying to hear your accent! Maybe you can't handle mine... hm????
Love your profile !! :) cute <3
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
That would be more like trying to survive....a struggle everyday at least....suffering as a norm.
wasn't even a game - it was a BLOW OUT!
“ Good morning beautiful people... Have a blessed and productive day :-)”>> Morning same to you
not surprised by that at all. : )
turn it around. When you want it left click.
I hope everyone has a great day...let's all make someone smile today...ROFL is good too! lol
There's this girl that I been going with in my mind for like 2 years and yea thats it for now
great first day of classes. Ready for a new semester, even if it involves CS theory and algorithms.
I will never forget this day.
Library time, gotta finish this homework
bet dat add me as well!
RT lol i barely associate myself w/other girls. all they do is bitch, assume, & talk shit. "bros before hoes "
One of my all time idols wrote me & she'll b here n Nashville n a few days!! She's one HUGE RAYof SUNSHINE! Can't wait 2 c her!!
Seriously fire #Bob Bradley.
Fancy Auto Answers – Cars Demystified | Ask Car Questions, Get ...
what time is happy hour in san antonio location?
I can't find the channel for on tv <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> me!
#NYUgarage "The user is all that matters" Walt Mossberg
lmao...Ray Justice...nice!
This day has been fueled by self-righteous rage. And junk food. I am making all of the right choices in this life.
Thanks for encouraging me <3.
you know my style, i'll do anything to make you smile.
Silver Spring wildlife news! Spotted at 6:30 p.m., Wayne Ave. and Dale Drive, one big ol' FOX! Made it across the road heading south.
Daylight Savings is Sunday. Remember to set your clocks/watches an hour back.
I steal a glance and wonder if I have a shot.
YOLO= You Obviously Lack Originality
Just wrote some lyrics in class that I think are pretty cool.
#JEdgar is simply an amazing film! brilliant!
HUGHIE STAY OUT OF MY LIFE. <3
Happy 15th Birthday !! Hope all your wishes come true! 143 Birthday Boy!
Saw your check-in the other day! Love it! Thanks for eating with us!
Props to #Rotary and #Gatesfdn for helping to keep India clear of polio for an entire year.
#idRatherHave Have The New Saconeys Than The New Jordans
Phyllis - lifelong adherence
hey tell people i follow back
and same to you =]
Shannon Jo to the rescue!
that was the hottest black guy i've ever seen. marrymeee
PLEASE RESPOND. could you give me flyzik's email? im trying to get an interview with atl this wednesday :L
happy friday, ! who's got something fun planned for the weekend?
yesterday at breakfast? Yes. Omg. Haha
I am celebrating another year.
All the latest news on
you're kinda turning into a stalker.
of course. What are you doing next week.
Prince Royce Why Are You So Sexy? (;
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
Hitting your side on a table and limping to the ground like you've been shot.
I think it's the girl.
List 'em all!” apple tv and blue ray. Sky satellite box. Digital terrestial needs checkinh
Thank you for following.
Love hurts, but sometimes it's a good hurt :)
I ain't giving up.
haha well im glad (:
is chillin at the ip!
Haven't been here in a minute. Wassup to all of my new followers. I promise to be more active in 2012.
looks forward to seeing you at the Academic All-American Classic - May 9th, 2009 @ Citizen's Bank Arena in Ontario, CA!..
":...I can work Sunday mornings, and when is my first one... The Sunday after Derby!" Yea gonna be a poor performance review
That's a great #beerfact! We definitely encourage moderation and exercise too.
Finally getting my laundry done just in time to head into the woods of Mt. Rainer with the crew + the games begin
Kimora lee simmons ehhhh didnt she remarry ? Talk about "that s my hoe too"
Hey #OO people - teargassed yesterday? I would love to talk to you for a piece on police tactics:
I <3 Clouds.
that bear is going to eat your son!
#Gators Colby Rhea scores bring #UF up to 23. #FresnoState has yet to score a single point.
sweet, you can send it to :)
RT 58:1. The ratio of ideas to successful product.
think of that as tall and thick. ;)
Looking forward to all the container gardening I want to do once I get my new apartment & balcony. :D
ah that's all that's always On my mind!!!LOUIS!<3
The problem is not that there are problems. It's expecting otherwise & thinking that having problems is a problem. – T. Rubin
Aah! Yes I'm from Canada :)
they only pulled you guys over because it's illegal to be as sexy as you guys. Duh.
What it do, where all my followers at in this thang, ya boy is so on today
Well you didn't sound nervous. You were right in your element. Very comfortable talking about what you do best.
I've never made a gumbo. I love to cook and should try it sometime.
what's up girl? welcome to twitter! l0l
trying to finish the last part of my final. Class is brutal.
Gwendolyn Foster - we become martyrs when we watch 'Martyrs'
Since we adopted a 'unified' calendaring system I think the amount of time I spend typing my availability in email messages has tripled.
#GRAMMYS I was once nominated for a Grammy for my angsty facial expression alone, but was beat out by
It was so good to see you guys! RT : So excited for drinks and dinner with and tonight!
we certainly do!
oh, it's gone way beyond potential.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. Earl of Beaconsfield
Went out for lunch, saw a dog with shoes & a man walking around with a snake on his shoulders, all on the same block.
There is zero chance the "One Seat Rule" gets adhered to here at this #Avengers opening.
insomniac at 2 AM - Looking forward to a movie premier tonight with Hollywood acting buddies! whoot!
A lot of little girls were singing and dancing to TTYLXOX today at work! It was the cutest thing :)
I am so glad that Amare is staying! Thanks for all your great tweets. I'll see you tonight. Beat the Hawks!
I havent worn an actual pair of vans in the longest time, i forgot how comfy these bitches were.
craving some Chinese food
Well, I made it to Thunder
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "BREATHE IN THE FUTURE, BREATHE OUT THE PAST." ~ Iceberg Slim Jay
Congratualations to all Arlington Muay Thai Fighters who fought this weekend
I miss the days where you didn't give a fuck.
do you like likes? love follows? me too.
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a rockin' weekend!
Someone wanna fill me in on the whole air bands thing?
so ready to get outside...
Having to pretend I don't care is the hardest thing to do cuz I still do even if I don't want to
If the capital gains tax is raised it will also punish retirees whose retirement incomes will be taxed as income instead of investments
hi lovely !
watching kings replay with a francisco garcia sighting. Thought of you.
Been in this house all day!
you should get 2-handed landscape going as soon as you can. It's amazing.
Ladies too much tape!
did u get momma something ? :)
Really need to barge my phone now
it's my nickname for essence lol, wait, aren't married men in bed by now?
That song fires me up man!
Wild thoughts m x
The Playoffs start tonight!
Farrakhan, Jackson, Sharpton, et al if they stop talking their spin they are all out of a job.
You know what makes a crowded bus even better? A toddler screaming and crying his lungs out.
I hate when fat bitches put on them high waisted shorts so they can tuck all that nasty ass stomach in them and come out like they not fat
Just returned from a quick jaunt to NYC for dinner - very nice : )
Two specials tonite - Steak & Shrimp dinner, and a 'you call it' Grilled Cheese with a cup of Tomato Bisque soup. Let's go Jackets!
Jesus Ugalde Content Summit: "Cyberhives: a Facebook-like experience!"
U kno poor asians with their poor thoughts...let him root with his dirty frnds....
Thank you Lara been having a bought with insomnia latley :) xo
I finished my finals, and I kind of feel nothing.
Couple ABC's, bad bitch double D's, poppin' E, I don't give a F, told ya I'm a G! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
On This Note . Goodnight Folks. God Bless, You All!
I love the view from Desert View in the #GrandCanyon. I haven't been out East Rim Drive in almost ten years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! (: I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE(:
Or around your forehead and communicate directly with your brain.
I don't get the 2 tire stop at all there. Take 4 and ride in the back.
Looking at New York apps with We're kinda excited. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
I wish the Reds had a tomahawk chop equivalent.
Florence+The Machine Childish Gambino J Cole .....And I don't even give a sh*t who else!!!!!<U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409> U jello I kno'
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?" -__-
Chris Brown, AGAIN???
digital liberal arts? digital arts? oh, wait, that's a whole other thing . . . :)
Mobile Bay LPGA Classic Notebook: Sybase Match Play spots on line in third round (photo gallery)
I did not win the top 15 in the contest. God must have a better plan for me :) Thanks for your love and belief!
Rocking out to #LadyMarmalade in accounting class
do you RT and tweet your fans still??
See, no room 4 dogs! Lucky I set up a book series myself! ;-) MT : Not leaving here until I sign a book on "Deleuze and Cats."
is a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!!"
You too! RT : thankyou so much have a fab weekend :-D xx
Don't fall in Love with someone who says the right things, fall in Love with someone who does the right things.
Trying to remember accurately and just counting half the year, I want to say 8 or 9.
It's an uphill struggle against my anxiety, depression, insecurity, etc, but what matters is that I'm taking the steps to fix it.
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you. -_-
i feel bad spamming you but pleasee follow me i really need to dm you :(
You're a grown man, boy, go get McDs yourself.... Or, better yet, pour yourself a bowl of cereal!!!! But, I love you anyways!!
FREE MY BIG BROTHER HILL BE HOME SOON.
um so yeah...nice street name “: Officer Assist (Dallas) - 3711 Dilido Road - Dallas Fire-Rescue Engine 53 request Police Code 3"
Wonder if there's a dev who has fixing the sign-in experience for Blogger comments on their list of priorities. A girl can dream.
you're gunna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul.
Except for the nose of the #wine! :-) RT : But there shouldn't be perfume at a wine tasting!
": #imagine Nathan telling you,"I don't like texting you, because I'd rather call you and hear your beautiful voice."" SURE!
Gahhhh! What a week...
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland in 3 days! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
HA! Of course I wouldn't unfollow anyone who was following ME. That would be sacrilege!
show was way fun. i am way tired
lol yup 1130-730 I I'm the night manager at the double tree Hilton in Boston
What's the farthest you've gone A- Feel up, makeout and.... Uhm. Lok
Who says ballroomers can't get funky? Garry is teaching breakdancing! Every Wednesday from 4:15-5:30. See you (and your kids!) there!
We are re-printing the "Baltimore Shamless" shirt along with making a brand new one in time for Hampdenfest. What color do you want?
Pliny the elder on tap at stumbling monk. Night got a little blurry!
I miss her
Be Sure To Make The Most Of Your Travels | Oregon Attractions
Morning friends :)
would love to know. It's possible. Surprised someone hadn't researched it
That was the swaggiest airball I've ever seen.
idk if im gonna be able to do it...im honestly gonna break down, ill prolly be crying all day:(
lmao yes don't most teens have internet?.. xD
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Still open... It's tough bc there are not many back to the basket players left in the league. The #1 guy is a no-brainer in my opinion
i'm not sure there's a Dline coach in the league I trust more (as far as the 3-4 goes..). I have similar faith as in Baldwin...
You mean like the way you've done to me in he past. And while we are at it, I think you wanted to take me to dinner.....
More ice cream news....this Saturday we are also introducing our Chocolate Guatemala Roast ice cream using ! Yum!
"At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end."
My brthdays in 10 days, nothings special I just want to be with the people i love and gifts and money LOL
www.facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic - 'like' us to see when we're coming to a town near you =0
its gonna be great!
i've been having this crazy obsession with spanish music lately. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
just came out with a new watch collection... Cutest colored watches! Uh oh, my wallet is now in trouble.
Omg haven't tweeted in like 2 days....I'm sorry!!!
Calling people turds >>>
You were awesome! Everyone loved it... THX!!!
It's a happy go Funday ... And I'm feelin' kinda Sunday!!
Hey, yes, Eric Normand and Mike Chapman are in my band, but the rest of players are different from Fillin Station band
that only applies to cinnamon rolls.
Beat Peter Orlofsky passed away. Sweet man. I remember his reading voice top of lungs poem about going to his garden to pick vegetables.
Great to see you too! Best of luck & thanks to social media staying in touch should be a breze :-)
I wrote hundreds. That was my college job.
a few songs I cannot listen to. 'I drive your truck' being one of them :'( Makes me miss my baby brother...so effing much.
I hope you are having an AMAZING birthday!(: ILY!
In #Austin TX for couple days with Cary Chamber of Commerce & Town officials. Intercity visit to learn how to improve back home.
Quote of the day: "You don't have to have any emotions if you just want to spend time with someone."
It never was about love, it was just about what I can give her.
Organizing my electronic files
the table must be leaning to one side for you.
Please, like you can stop the two of us. We'll just lock you in the trunk of your mom's beamer and continue on our merry way.
what link can i follow for the game tonight?
Rolling into Pickles now. Free shirts available. Just tell me you'll help "pack the yard" later this season.
RT : I am so proud of u cuz
HEY GUYS IM BACK<3 i quit twitter but now im back and lost 100 followers /).(\
Passing the time by catching up on all this new interest in last year's "Vibrations" campaign here on twitter and on #reddit :)
Listening to speak eloquently about her vision for supporting and empowering youth through their new foundation.
can't wait to see you!
How i LOVE long beautiful sunny days!! Spring i welcome u!!
lol its me running it still ive just kept the name and try to publish startup material still
OMG I finally made it to Austin. At the bar with wine, a big piece of salmon and watching the grizz game. lets go grizz.
ah! carrot cake is a fave around here. i mean..just sayin... ;-)
oh long time no see... One of my fav haters :-)
What about a movie >.......Someone know whats good now ??
I think I say "swellington" about 50 times a day.. haha
Sorry didn't mean to add to your blog conversation. doing multitasking
11 suicide vests found at Afghan military HQ - CBS News
a man can be a bitch too
MIDNIGHT TONIGHT #ElMariChiChi keeps pushing glitter guns&funs in yo'face!
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there. Its the perfect weather for y'all day. Enjoy
Go colts!
annual reviews?
Bears putting spikes in the field is only way to try n stop the packers
hey amiga, how you feeling?
Feliz Cumpleaños, corazon! May the RubberMan visit you tonite and make many evil spawns with u ;-) JK Have a blast, kiddo!
Last day of practice here's we go !
If Cain beats Romney, it's him or Obama for Presidential race. No problem, as you can have a 3rd party entry with Sharpton or Jesse Jackson
Refinancing to modify a mortgage loan has proven to be the best solution for some borrowers
I'm very excited to show ya ;)
I'm designing a book cover, one step closer to my dream career!
Fuck the Brewers. Get me all pissed off so that I leave, and then tie the game up when I get to the car.
Duderstadt on openness in higher ed: open knowledge mgt, courseware, learning, authoring, content, participatory learning, OER
thank you!
I'm broing all these bro's I don't know.
Hey my pleasure! Just having fun and telling others about the great people in Twitterland.
thursday night basketball may kill me one of these days.
Came home to find a couple of Cadbury eggs I had forgotten I had. Sometimes it's the little things.
And 3rd time rebook fail. Stuck in Nashville tonight. Hotel and meal vouchers from Delta. Glad I packed that extra t-shirt and undies.
a better post cache person like or could get those for you ASAP
let me know what happens with !! Please! :)
I was sure I won...Meh! Still broke. RT
47th Ward Wellness Fair today 10-2 @ Sulzer Library. Free flu shots and more!
well I'm on my phone so that's probably it
catering order destination: Congressional Cemetery for the Chevy Chase Historical Society. Praying our driver makes it back!
It's the best day of the week. Today!!!! is bangin dem turntables. Hip-hop on the menu today.
If that were the case then why would you spend tons of money lying to every Latino in the city?
pacha friday?? i think so =]
If you're gonna take the time to bother me defending someone who doesn't even give two shits about you, then oh well.
Lol. I Look And Act Just Like My Dad <3
OMG THAT'S MY EIGHTEENTH BIRTHDAY, WHAT A PRESENT
Pills To Prevent Canadianism - Dr. Moley
And to just think you are the cuter one!
also now it just makes me annoyed about the seemingly default praise/exposure lumped on boring bro-punk bands
I'll be a few minutes late....Bulls just took the lead!
#shoutout to my best friend Tristan Wilhite.i know we didn't get of to a right start when we met but now we are best friends.live it up
hey Safz are you there now?
Good advice. RT : In doubt about your strategy? Test it. That’s what surveys, focus groups, direct mail, and web studies are for.
ok cool,glad it went through :)
This is huge for small biz MT Feinstein says about ADA lawsuits Wants 90 day "right to cure" 4 businesses
Peggy is so gonna get knocked up by this new fella. She likes them cocky.
haha its weird being able to put it down.
RT : Wilson has nine this half. Rest of the #Badgers have six.
Who has an oovoo?
Why am i so impatient D:<
is the survey part of your dissertation research? Personal networks is an interesting area :)
Lol very clever.
spit and lube
gettin ready for party number 1 for who is going out tonight?
we watch everything online,we no longer have dish or cable.That is a big shift. No he phone either.Everyone contacts us via FB/email
Crossing my fingers for a win!
D has all the pics on his iPhone, will post soon. I got pics w/ everyone that attended, including all the FSD folks!
K’s Girl Scout Troop’s self-serve dog wash party loc: Wash, Shake & Wag, 2520 N. Main Av. To benefit Guide Dogs of TX. 1:30-4:30 today
Dear update your blog more frequently. It's going on 5 days.
yea man Action packed.. Iron Man is a Beast
No its a hat RT I must have like "sucka" or "chump" on my forehead or sumthin
JJ Abrams Star Trek good, but lacked subtext of social commentary that makes Trek Trek. at
Something tells me that my 1/2 & 1/2 is no good....there are little semi-solid white bits floating at the surface of my coffee. yuck.
New hot movies 22. Hawire 23. Kevin Hart Laugh at My Pain 24. Man on the Ledge 25. Contraband 26. Girl With Dragon Tattoo 27. Immortals
"June" he didn't have details ...it's possible it doesn't happen but it might
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
DON'T NEED MAKE UP, TO COVER UP.
And when we say good night its like I can't wait to sleep so I can wake up and hear you say good morning.
Going to the game tonight !
--> RT ": RIP Vidal Sassoon. Hair today. Gone tomorrow."
I'm always faintly alarmed when someone seeks my involvement in order to add gravity and legitimacy to a project. I can add that?
I don't know how I'm going to practice from 1-5 if I'm in pain laying in my bed..... #sosick <U+E413>
I wish I knew what I did with my phone charger.
do you have a blog send me the link to your page to like, I am still learning tweeter
Find job easy with us. www.joborworker.com
Get off the left/right and deal with the TRUTH. We have a BILL OF RIGHTS. Politics and state manipulated media will fail us. -douggieb
Made it home - house looks ok- no gas leaks - 60" flatscreen is still mounted. Corcoran Library shelves are up - saw one book on the floor.
The awkward moment when you're playing Sing It with your cousin, and your uncle peeks in ;o
We're at #w2e this week!
yeah they do I did have one it broke :/
- I really love it. So deeply true.
Come out and support Polyphony H.S. at Sunday Salon Chicago, January 29, 7:00 p.m. at the Black Rock Bar, 3614 N. Damen
Great...now, instead of sleeping, I'll be awake thinking about this.
One Time For For The Follow Go Check Them Out They Got Some Nice Kicks!!
I am off to watch the Detroit Lions, what the hell am I thinking?????????????
I have a soccer game like 30 minutes after work...not enough time to get home and change...dont hate
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
Oh fa real? I got kick out that club in Chico for smokin that good good last month or so. What time the show start?
Really? on 295?
Best Coaches to Follow:
Doesn't anyone remember laughter? Damn you NBC for hampering 's creativity!
I love when my Memaw asks me if I wanna go get my eyebrows done #uhhhhofcourse <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
To our fans in Boise, Jon Foreman will be at Bippy's Coffee at 7pm. Go check him out! Awesome singer and leader!
Catching up on Game of Thrones. I am beyond creeped out by how effortlessly the young actor who plays Joffrey pulls off evil.
ladies...your sports bra should not have a birthdate.....Fleet Feet Sports
RANDOM STATUS UPDATE: Applesauce! That is all.
I noticed that about mine. why do cats sleep so much?
Just found out about Disappointed we won't be able to attend. Are there other #EDU and #TechEd conferences we should be aware of?
ah I sent my crush a message on fb and he replied and then I replied and he hasnt replied anymore. And I doubt he will .. wah
Setzke..... Sad day.
Yeh that's what I wanted to know about...what type of planning did you do before you made the move?
Lolol. RT : #Virgo's love belly rubs.
Haha you should though. Just saying.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people act like they know how i feel, but really dont <U+E421>
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl. Gearing up for a show in October.
“: Free Sierra Nevada sampling 6-8pm Paired w/ unique Deli pizza. Tell your friends!” Tell your date you want beer & pizza!
Just booked my April 20th flight to RDU from Philly. Love flying you guys!!
It's definitely awesome to get out of work and see the sun still shining bright. Makes up for how tired I was this morning.
Aw, man. I thought ours was bad, but it's only at 64,000%
my block is populated entirely by the latter of those two groups of people
yea its pretty crazy that 5 million users are spread out all over the world
the new room mate stole my perfume, she denied it, I just ran into her and she's wearing it...
i knew someone out there would understands
I'm thinking this job search nonsense would be way easier for everyone involved if someone just offered me a job
Colleagues cut a wide path promoting #nchd in Charleston. Congrats! Even mems of Congress are hyping you! Very proud
are you missing something like bomb?!;))) haha RT : 16 <U+2714> License <U+2714> Car <U+2714> Freedom...... <U+2714>
Praise God that we can now say "go play outside" once again :) What a gloriously quiet Sunday it has been!
RT : #YSL6812 tickets and VIP on hit me or dm me don't miss this city-wide event
Our infield reminds me of 3rd and 4th grade pee-wee baseball.
FINE! its not like i wanted to go anyways..so pshh!
Even the bus plaza isn't so bad on a sunny day.
okay at least someone loved me
Hey I thought the coaches were suppose to preform?!
is reaching its 10,000th #Belly check in ALREADY! Lucky number 10k will win prizes from both Chick-fil-A AND Bellycard.
no problem :) how old are you now lol
thanks doll :)
I'm not following him, he's blocked, I search my youtube name sometimes and the things he says pops up.
Pssst! The Lunchtime Lagniappe is at Louisiana State Museum, not :)
I feel that! Straight up Wisdom, thanks
Night people hope you had an awesome day today i know i didnt i cleaned my bedroom :)
You would eat rooster testicles...llama fetus..fried bees...raw sea food...and yet won't eat cooked liver... (shaking head...)
Photos photos tears!!
u found me
thanks for the mention!!
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
you can also try Spark by Marketo which starts at $750/ mo. Let me know if I can help out.
Nothing what about you
Keep trying crazy man. November is going to suck for you, as will the next 4 years. can't wait.
you havnt been online for 17 hours..... I'm getting sad :(
WOO WOO
": Siri, find my gracefulness. #awkwardgirlproblems" something you need...
beach date with , HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Creepy guy at library has been sitting outside my study room & staring in the window for at least an hour. Have my back to window.
Think Perk might take a shot at MWP if the teams face off in the semi's?
Yep. Though I feel like my teammates are better and smarter in ME3
Do you love The John Santos Sextet? Come see them live this week in a Master Class and concert! We have what you like this year for
thank you! You guys are great. See you Friday.
A guest experience "goes beyond what's on the menu."-Chris Artinian, CEO of Morton's The Steakhouse
offline for now
Tommy's ex has more to say. Yes, SHE kept going!!! Hear more from his ex-fiancee NEXT! 222-6000
Thanks, Dave!
Just a little note to remind you of how HOT you are! In case you had forgotten. XO
you're a loser .
Interested in the link you mention about more parent reading but it doesn't take me anywhere. Can you send again?
Nothing like mowing the lawn on a warm, sunny afternoon!! Time for iced tea!!
If I can take this opportunity to be a real dick, it's "passed away," not "past away."
tired like shyt
Eeew! Was Janet Davies trying to slip Mark Giangreco the tongue at midnight? Was anyone else a witness to that?
will be back on in a few hours, soon I'll be able to be back on daily again, DM me if you have concern. Good tweeting all, ttyl
it is thanks to you that we got to print them!
Every girl is a freak it just takes the right guy to bring it out of her .
That sounds beyond wonderful :D
Thanks for the follow! We'll be down in Nashville this summer!
Come on #Bulls we need some defense
#ghettotranslations you aint no monster= you are not so big and bad
Wow, I'm so tired but gotta keep on working....ugh
Couldn't find a wall mount bracket for our 32" LCD cause it's "too old". So had to buy a new 32" LED to fit our re-model.
": #Cancer's can be extremely manipulative in getting their own way."yea true at least for me lol
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonite, party tonite
followed, follow back(:
I haz problems
It's a Raghu Rajan kind of day RT : David Brooks and I have written exactly opposite columns today.
Thanks Lindsey! It was nice to see you too!
seriously lacking in that respect. Last hour was too
. Sr Advisor for #Innovation is holding Twitter Q&A on 21st Century Statecraft EST on 1/19 Submit qs to
We are doing check out at the D-Note! What a great night! Come by and listen to CLUSTERFUNK!
Saw his windows & missed paintings! Thanks, found on their site - stunning - the woman cut open, child in someone else's arms...
Whoa... tweets from Applebees and Lindsay Lohan?? Look at Mr. Big Shot over here ; )
Im on da phone
the only familiar word that I can associate with "trill" is Bun B
such a beautiful photo of you!!!
Lol I need to talk to Kincaid about that.
i agree "most" would have been more appropriate
So I'm looking up the school told me about, omg I'm in love....i wanna go there. It's so hdiskxhdksh badass >.<3
i've said that before, but you won't be able to skip them!
more like
If you didn't make it through March without suggesting that something might be the Best (Something) of 2012, you lose.
oh wow. Your gonna kidnap me!!!!
To win your championship in the game of life you must perfect your self by taking the time to pray, meditate and exercise
we can only fit a certain amount of people in a car hahha.
Tear it up dude!
Sometimes I feel like, there is no getting through to you, like you don't appreciate all that I do
MONA ALL ALONG!
I serious what I do ? Just tell me pleasee :P andd why not !
"Americans don't want to struggle, they wanna watch you struggle" Taylor the TV exec on reality TV, via in
Uhm... why was I not invited?
i love you justin you know ? <U+2665>
Annoying my mom is the funniest thing lmfaoo
Once again why Little River UCC would totes be my church, if I weren't a godless heathen.
The Council of Women World Leaders is recruiting SIS & SPA grad students for the 2012 Graduate Leaders Program. Apply today on AU CareerWeb
if you convince your boys, here's the deal: i arrive at 6:40 and they can pick the fine airport dining establishment
Favorite MLB team = Milwaukee Brewers
Hi to our newest followers! #Boston #Volunteer Thank you for following. Pls RT! :)
Consensus: Thrilling and superbly acted, captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, & ambitious scope of its source novel
Everyone makes mistakes. God forgives you for them.
“: About to watch my brother in his new movie. #celebritysextape”
I think i really fucked up my leg for good this time think i should go to the E.R
Personal trainer "JB....you need to change your alcohol intake...you got to start drinking coke zero with that whiskey"
I unfollowed some1 just so I could follow u ;-) LOL hope u feel special
Chicago friends! Lots of hype for this wknd, as there should be! But get there early for !They're FANTASTIC!
video asterisk - due to Chicago weather, all Pulaski Day video shoots were postponed until July for maximum booty.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.7: Four seasons of sports to watch or play at all levels.
Great view. Come jam w/ us at the FPL Stage 6pm!!
#MardiGras Special: $6 Hurricanes All Day Greenwood and Northside locations!
Awesome time playing poker, ended up 3rd and won $10 target gift card, 3 hundred grand bars, and a box of candy. :D
According to my #mom, getting rid of a cold only requires Orange juice, sleep, water, sleep, MAYBE Niquil or Dayquil, and sleep.
needs to find some motivation. like yesterday.
Just gonna give it to God.
hopefully it will be someday!!
For the upcoming 'Hard Knocks' on HBO, they should follow three teams instead of just one: Colts, Broncos and Jets.
Some guys want to go to the line in crunch time and some don't. Happy for coach Doug Collins hes a terrific coach hope they make some noise
Drinking at the library
do you think I can get a shoutout? Im trying to get to 1000 followers soon :) thanks!
What have you learned from your #breastcancer journey? Mia
Any help with making a #meetup for #Movember?
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
Thank you for following my tweets
Cowboy mouth tonight
Got BBQ stains on my white Tshirt is stuck in my head now...haha have fun!! : On my way to play country music...
He too much for me I can't handle it
Thank you!
I love you . Okay?
Don't feel too bad - I had a bad run in with a Rage Against the Machine CD as a youth.
Thank you for saying this- ppl who try to enforce our civil rights r always painted as "villians" by the civil rights abusers
not at all. Let's do this!
Of finishing the game? xD
Ha ! Internalize the message foo!! You're taking it too literal!! Lol
camel dick would be better
I need a stamp that says NO so everytime someone talks I can hit them with it.
aww ;) you are sweet
5 girls. One bathroom.
Looks like #Facebook is still
Knock Knock? See you guys on the golf course tomorrow...
One man drowns after his boat went over the falls.
I need a power strip for my creative outlet.
nun taken I'm to grown for that..
i need to do some read'n how to grow
we're awake! Stop in and see us! We're open till 9!!! :D
Email, twitter, facebook...NO EXCUSES. Get it together guys. This doesn't have to end.
Feeding time can get messy but let your babies use their hands. It will help develop fine motor skills.
#iplspring now up: school color cases; not enforceable on their own, but enforceable w/other indicia of source (Smack Apparel case)
I need to learn to stop talking. Nothing good has ever occured when I talk.
"There is no local market. Companies participate in the global market from day 1." Don Dodge, Google, 11.2.11
heart of a soldier! I'll be seeing you nxt wk David when I'm at !
haha okay are little secret! ;p
Signs of the Apocalypse -- There's a serial Cat Killer loose in Brooklyn!
I really don't care for drunk people downtown...they are annoying!!!!
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
I took the biggest crap today. It's in the back yard and you can smell it upstairs.
lesson: If must say smthg unpopular, written form is better as you can choose words carefully and it can't get corrupted as it gets repeated
ayoo wassup with you moving man!??!?! Get ova huuurr!! ;)
As a waitress, I fucking hate holidays
yep i can tell
rock'in the classic white Airforces today <3
Lunch with my daddy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0095>
Someone dm or tweet me I'm bored as hell.
Same here Kris. :) Can't wait until 100+ hits TX once again. I LOVE summer! :)
CAN CODY NOT LEAVE AUSTRALIA OR. like no, he's been so happy.
One Love. One Life
We had so much fun last night! Thanks to all who came out, and to Dick's for hosting us!
That's so funny! His choice of music makes me laugh every time I walk out those doors lol!
Impromptu pizza party at ! Thanks Aafreen and Chana!
I love tell em steve dave.
You are the concrete above my wings.
you know you need a break from homework when you randomly start making indian noises
11 days until our next event: Senior Night at Notre Dame High School can't wait!!!!!!
Doors aren't working on this train. And I was so close to getting home.
i prefer disappearing into the tweether
#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is
well, the real war has began. We would see who will survive in here. In this BS
ERIN, also keep an eye on UNITY as we grant wishes here in the Burgh! Keep in touch!
miss you too!</3 I would Skype, but I have a dance tonight :( Love you, bestie!
My "favorite" part about the InstantAtlas is the advertisement of "Low Cost" compared w/the pricing in US$. Low cost for whom?
oh no that's Horriable
Rick Ross say he the only fat negro in the sauna with Jews but I'm sure he the only fat nigga everywhere he goes
I haven't seen sufficient mentions of Katehi's salary at UC Davis. It's $400,000. Plus perks.
Just made 3 left-hand turns to go around the block, when I could have made 3, much easier, right-hand turns. Why did I do that??
We only down 6
Start your six to nine months clocks today.
Nothing will make you feel as sane as noticing a semen stain on the guy before you's pants at the psychologist.
Oh hey I'm spinning records tonight with at Blackbird! Also the always lovely will be bartending!
Fine company to be included in, thanks!
OH: "isn't saying someone went ape shit just a more vulgar way of saying they're bananas?"
your life is awesome!
me either I just want warm weather
good times, good people, good weather (almost). happy days...
I know the feeling. . .
I think your account got hacked. It's sending spam DMs.
Thank goodness this weather is finally shaping up. First #CSA share is being delivered this week!
Sliced tomatoes from the garden drizzled with olive oil and sprinked with sea salt and basil. Add cheese and whole grain crackers. Yum!
do you need an audience for ? I can clap, cheer, and banter like the best of 'em. #PLA 12
Joining The Break Room on shortly to talk about 2nite's special report Synthetic Drug: A Growing Teen Danger on #13WHAM at 8pm
yes then
Rock on, Mags!
hooray for sharing the wonderful news on FB & Twitter, it's REALLY official now that you've shared it.
Lets Go MAVS!! Coming down to the wire again.
#SouthFlorida its a great day to order #uniforms and if you need them #printed or #embroidered with a logo or design we do that too!
doing the Katy 5k on Thursday!
Not only did jackson hit Detroit Tigers 1st home run of game he came out to Ambition...love him 4 that;)
thanks for the look out!
please contact our publisher at if you're really interested!
Listen to the man...": STOP TWEETING THE DAMN RECRUITS. YOU ARE EMBARRASSING THE WHOLE DAMN FAN BASE!"
Ground is broken and closing with the Negro National Anthem
Will try to make it through my flights w/o talking to anyone. My "please talk to me" aura is one of life's greatest ironies.
Gotta have ESPN first take in the morning! #TeamDazzy!
God Morning New York City!
why you are precious mary! thanks for the support!
#onlyskinnyppl get salad and water at olive garden bitch u know u still hungry
yeah he also showed me his catalog too. Tried to get me to buy it. Wasn't having it.
Woohoo! Sounds great! It's a boy right?
thanks for the promotion
It feels like Friday :(
Thank you!
RT if you super excited to hear 's pray
Haha! Thanks for the props!
Thank you for the reminder.
Yay!! Construction has officially started on the much needed stoplight@ Spruce Run/Spring Canyon in Scripps thanks 2 !
bout to hit a beach party who wanna come
sorry you know im the biggest chris fan in this state
RT : Hey everyone: RT this and we'll rndomly pck 3 of you to win a DVD of the new Ken Burns doc Prohibition from advrtiser
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Thank you!
Love, love, love it!
Find you it will pop off, have the block blocked off
Another day successfully wasted! Thanks, jury duty.
I have given my 15 yr. old granddaughter a job. Read. I will pay for proof that she has read books from our home library. Up to $500.
This show is crazy
What a great weekend! Hanging out with my two favorite guys. Photos in the yard. Awesome.
Okay ! Guys ! I love you & You are amazing ! 986 ! OMG ! I love you ! But I can'y follow because I need 1000 ! SO PLZ ! LET'T DO THIS !
i m a cook sum food
Thank U sir. RT : Gorgeous !
Sad day in Indianapolis today... we do love our Colts-- especially Peyton.
happy early thanksgiving =)
haha it was crazy. None of them showed up
Happy St. Patty's Day (Ireland)!
thanks! I did think of that, but nt every image needs rotating. Freqt enough to make creating batches more trouble than it's worth!
Whereas the opposite would be chunky, dense, not necessarily bad, but difficult prose, where you keep having to take breaks.
lol i'm getting a spray tan for my prom :pp
right lol harmless sticky notes
Tonight having an Aussie night - The Day i ate Wombat at 6 and Lou Sanz not suitable for children at 9. Who wants to join me?
B.C. gangster Thomas Gisby gunned down in Mexico
holy crap! Lol I'm sure that will change after today. K state is already messing me up!
Won't be taping my soaps anymore. I gotta watch them before work. Glad to finally give them ratings but I hate commercials~
he's so funny
Ashton F*N Kootcher taking over for ??? AWFUL... What was once my favorite show, I will now probably never watch.
not sure if you found anyone yet but if not teri is my geek tech hero
I AM TELLING YOU THIS MOVIE IS LIKE ABDC INSIDE OF IT... Even Mario Lopez is in it. Wtf.
I'd have the volunteers build it. The school can simply moderate and set posting guidelines.
Need some cash? We are looking to hire students to flyer classes on the first week of school. Come on down and sign up.
haha yes! That kid is boss!
Looking forward to lox and corned beef for lunch today celebrating my Dad's birthday.
we'd love to help you out w/ your ecommerce system! Great for accepting donations!
the best time to find work is when you are working. It keeps you from feeling the dip that comes from too much thinking
I would kill myself to if a guy name big johnson is going bubbles on my ass
Sitting under the dryer
i will cry myself to sleep tonight..
Hoopla, we miss you at NC in Madison. How's Cali??
ha! its like you just pulled in a gold medal.
ESPNU, the game is on. 730 is you have Comcast. I realize I may be late on this.
The royal wedding is only the wedding of the century because Flava Flav hasn't found the "one" yet
I have to include underdog as a qualifier. #Canucks are a WC team w/ a strong goalie and no cup but I'm not feeling them.
My dad still plays dartball; started for Holden Norwegian Lutheran Church team.
Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali.
Cut your lashes in half & apply to JUST the end of ur eye lashes 4 a beautifully natural look. Save the other half 4 another application.
with me on my next bus trip to see if they could find the guy. Explained that trip was a one off, so wouldn't work. Very impressed. (2/2)
getting swole has unleashed your Roid rage!
I never thought I would feel this way again :)
You're not happy. I can tell the by the way you're typing. :\
come on folks 24 more follows !! ;OO
I heard a comedian who was offended by my cursing say to a group of actors and comedians -
if you are not in a rush to get anywhere would you wanna do a spot in the 1030 show Friday night at brokerage ?
M, you know I'd love to! *cheers*
your web site. ugh.
It's a beautiful day to drop by the VAC!
Setting up the new iPad & eating gelato for dinner
Worst drivers on I-10 Corridor: Louisianans. Apparently following distance is inveresely proportional to the alleged size of one's manhood.
#Flizzor #TruthBeTold in business when someone is not willing to pay you up front then they must not want no business they on some
or still up from last night! #tweeker #eewww ...
One final done, four more to go...
Watching the hurricane. Stay safe everyone! We'll be closed Monday thanks to Irene.
What the fuck is a mattress professional?
Hispanics are so racist lol.
DUDE. You should have captured that, I think it may have escaped from the CDC down the street...
LOVE it!
Good morning, Baltimore: Need to know for Wednesday
went crazy grocery shopping last night. #nocarbs, no problem.
Lowkey I'm just a big ass asshole . ^.^ and I don't give a fuck.
it's looking like $250...
Sorry been away for a while doing MASSIVE business renovations, we WILL be coming out strong VERY soon, please hang in there. Mark & Dom
can you imagine if Fox still did NHL games? we'd have to listen to this bozo for that, as well. seriously Buck, STFU.
Tomorrow is Thursday (:
": God is amazing"
kno ne gurls model type friend of mine us looking for some presenter/tv host tell em to dm
He Goin After The Girls Who After His Money , Instead Of Sticking Wit The One Who Loves Him Smh
I walked so much today. I have cheer tryouts for 6 hours, & if we run the mile, I'm gonna be super sore.
I think you should ring in the new year with rib tips! What do you think??
Re: the piano track of F*** U song "We didn't get sued, but we got Rolodexs" joked.
cute - but someone needs a haircut? ;) (liking the scruff, though!) ;)
she tries to hide it but can't..its sad, really..
BREAKING: AP is reporting at famous TV host Dick Clark has died. He was 82.
Guess I should get out of my head. I have company coming. I'm sure they wanna see me smile.
Many people can 'like' you or have a 'crush', but I will always have you in my heart hiding this everlasting love for you</3
THE angel by top of my list so far LOVE LOVE LOVE AND #GodBlessAmerica goodnight twits
Pam McGee is the best.
So, I have the ticket, the photograph, the laminate going back for almost fifty years now. Sam.
My roommate just said Paul Walker was "a great actor" is this real life?
indeed, hope you find someone to go with!
"Badges are dirty social media porn" -- interesting but not useful -- at closing #SLSkey of
If you haven't clicked the link in that DM, you don't have to change your password. But maybe just in case.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
I'm a bit overwhelmed. Can someone summarize the PR best practices or direct me to online resources? Thanks.
Who decides what's profane? Walsh got yelled at earlier for saying, "hell."
Drinking and riding with my cousins
Having conflicting thoughts. Where I'm at in my life.
heard 'how will i know if he really loves me' in dunkin donuts this morning and now i can't get song out of my head. someone please help.
bad ass kids out side my window,
Thanks man. Nothing like a grown man with a stick hitting a ball...lol
Evan, It's a great urban setting, but thanks for the warning! :)
Also was using his navigation on his phone to get back home soo he should have known where he was going!!
woke up in a random persons house cause our tired popped off the rim, thank god for lexi she saved my life
Cast comes off tomorrow at 4 pm! I'm looking forward to that as much as Christmas!
kendall and I are heading home from the beach we had so much fun!
RT : ...got the master disc in my hand...sounds like victory to me...
really, how?
So, you like the new look, do ya?? ;) : "Promotion looks good on you, my friend."
Big Ups
Does anyone know if there's a way to make a direct contribution to ? I haven't found one. cc:
I tried using a credit card on Dewey Beach parking meter & Parking Enforcement officer, who resembled #RandyMoss said ...
Why is today Star Wars day? If my 7yo didn't mention this, it can't be real.
: Happy New Year from Parlè Blaque =] .. this is our year !!
So glad you enjoyed the post! Sincere thanks for saying so, and for passing the link along.
Georgia would make a cute hat :)
so far only a few people in the lounge
Such a good workout, now lunch and back to work.
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer DISAPPOINTMENTS!
Overdosed on confidence
Love Carolina Herrera's take on fashion: it should be chic, it should be elegant, it should be fun.
You may question my methods, but you cannot deny my dedication.~Me
Had a dope writing session! I love it when things come together
Aight I'm really going to sleep now
Gots stuffs to do #design :)
Aw Kobe gonna cry lmao ,
That's an impressive list! No wonder I'm tired when I get home!!!
because he didn't fail..
blushing! RT : Thank you! and also rock at GlobalGiving
watch the preliminary comp live at missuniverse.com
There's my old lady tweet!
That awkward moment when a package says "Easy open" & you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, gun & a lightsaber trying to open it.
Yea I got you fam and thats whats up you still trash lol
Jeff Saturday is a huge addition to #Packernation great day to be a #Packer fan
yeah. cursive is my specialty, i find myself taking a lot of shortcuts nowadays, tho :(
Love and miss you! Cant wait for you to come back and play sometime soon! xo
alright, we're back after an internet meltdown; Lakers got blown out and Vogey is pitching well, if only SF were winning
Derrick rose is the bob sanders of the nba
Ohh, it's a middle skool rite
Brewers=Beastmode Cubs=Hibernation
I do it big ~
Have a great opening! (Remember: I'll work for food! ;)
Following up with your surgeon post-surgery is as important as your 1st consultation.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665> 64
Apparently the Ravens want to become the Colts of 2011. #Why?
Dead, Jail, or Rock and Roll.
can you tell Bro G, I wont make it, didnt have his #. Sent you and him an email.
“: Muthafkas love to ask for favors but hate to return them!”. Aint that thar truth!!! Fuck a favor..... Pay up snitches!!!
I don't know! It opens April 4 in Westwood I think. I saw the giant banner today over the Fox Theatre. It'll be post-spring break.
no school #HappyChristian /^.^/
Employers/HR professionals, we want to know: how do you use strategic staffing and temporary help when business is tough?
Steven goal!
Thanks for the memories. (:
Thank you for your encouragement!
pictures on home page distract and add noise. keep it simple.
Lol and my nigga knows how it feels to lose a chick to Drake you have something in Common
same here!! Havent even started studying!! I just got home and I wanna go to bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
where u at ,me and jordan are walking looking at u
I don't follow what you are saying. Besides, they don't teach Latin.
Dang it we missed the breakfast !!!!
It's FRIDAY!!! We have Auto sales and deals on one the biggest auto buying in the #Portland area.
You got to have faith.
Deck the Halls with Soul w/Zenobia and special guests, Faith Amour and the Celebration Children's Choir 12/14 at Vanessie...
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
Keep following, copying, pasting and stealing bitch!
I dig it! The singing is pretty rad too man! Post some more covers!
Logo is creative!!!
he's still pretty gay. ha
why don't you listen to something different and something different from Rush?
We will be launching 5 more stations this week... stay tuned!
Coming up at 3pm I'll have your chance to get onto our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party at the Vault nightclub in Roseville!
Loving my 2 wonderful Girls!! 1st thing Nasia said this morning wat we eating 4 dinner,lol!! She love her mama cooking,
their backpacks are twice as large as they are.
you're so impatient. Like I'm trying to make money........ -_____-
I just need somebody to loove
U got me say why why why can't we get it right
I guess I was not meant for Chicago...
Would you say that having this separate account has been successful? Are you running both accts?
we're the camp for that!
This is a cast we created for our Home Lands exhibit. Not of anyone in particular. RT : question, who is the statue of?
so I just saw your blog from the #EST page when you were in the invincible shoot. You wrote it great. I loved the pictures too.
If I'm going to swallow something that disgusting, there better be something in it for me.
Up here at the hospital with my pops.
We will stop selling our Marvel balls on Monday March 12th, get them while you can, we wouldn't want you to Hulk out when you can't get one!
Jaylon Tate's Fan !
Watching ground turn for flight 1757 to Atl. Baggage cart dropped a bag for our flight. I've watched 7 ppl walk/drive by it...
LOVE the new avatar! So PRETTY! :)
follow me back on instagram :) kellymraz
FINALLY POWER!!!!
go figure, i hope she makes to the end of this term...
You old sonnuvagun.
ehhhh. Are you going to hangout with me tomorrow?! or do you have plans with other d00ds from the past? >:\
Mem Day nears, Sad commentary on war is so many families have a war hero. Ours is Army Major Glen Adkission, Silver Star gallantry in battle
You're a hater!! Lol
Hee! I didn't realize. It's just too good. LOL
I care about a lot of people but I feel like maybe 10 people somewhat care about me.
where would yall be relocating?
congrats to ; thanks to all the #AAS3rd Century tweeters; and I totally hear you on the family museum thing.
just chillin at the apartment you?
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
Top Teams! Top Talent! Top facilities! Top Competition! That's what you can expect from our World Youth Summit coming up on June 22-24!!!
I love ah hood rich Bytch dat talk shyt
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Hi Mary! I have a diabetes awareness bracelet I made for you - Where could I send it so you'd receive it? Thanks so much!...
damn i need to move
Hollywood Waste party tonight in Seattle at El Corazon. 11pm. Free. Get there! will be there.
I've always suspected Blaska of doing that.
well admittedly, the cake was pretty good... :) yum..I had to work that stuff off in the gym today, or rather, yesterday! ;)
I'm a little bit insecure from all these mistreatments but i'm working them out~
Naptime. Lolo's was a feast.
Are any of you watching the new show " #Girls" on HBO?.. It's pretty interesting.. Great work from the writer /creator #LenaDunham :)
Hey talk about your car some more.
you look like kong
I can make my hair stay in just about any position by wrapping it with another strand of hair.
Love is a strong word, easy to spell, difficult to define, but impossible to live without.
I have always luvved Switchfoot! Jones Beach gig was phenom with them & summer of 2010!
Those male friends become sneaky as females for the sole purpose if fucking you
"Money make me cum" make me feel like I'm a trap bitch... lmaoo
moving to LA in two weeks!
just met with the director and cinematographer. Very excited to produce some high-quality footage tomorrow at farm and kitchen
I love Fiona on Degrassi! :)
No question about that. Once I realized that it was actual footage I closed it. I'm a wimp :/
there used to be guys who kept the clocks wound in neighborhoods. there also used to be rat catchers.
Zombie Apocalypse on the 21st? Maybe, since the CDC is advising on the matter...
I'm pretty ambivalent about this one. No doubt, breastfeeding that late is way outside of my realm, but is it "wrong"? I can't say...
6:00am, sitting at a bar with a giant beer in Dubai, the background music is Spice Girls mixed with traditional middle eastern music...
welcome to the Kentuckiana area, wish it was under better circumstances
Honored to be followed! Thanks for taking the time to find and follow me.
oh and is up for a nice session of his "era" of hip-hop.... and will see if he can top it with his throwback session...
#Foxtrot can automate data entry projects or daily data entry tasks. With FoxtrotX the automation can be rolled out to the enterprise.
Spent a large part of my day in yesterday. More of the same today. Whoa is me!
When you are preparing for divorce it is very important that you have a clear picture of where you and your spouse stand financially.
don't you have 1D tickets??????
kickin around a few ideas right now
Pipe down or I will drop shadow you.
I love that show!!!!! it's perfect for me hahaha
Tonight is your night to shine. I predict you'll hit at least 3 3's. You da man....
Just came back from Chicago where we were part of a VeggieFest. It was the best. I Demo'd how to make German food.
Gen. #Cartwright talks about being a better partner. Laughs, saying military is all for working together when we they are in charge.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
what's ur time like Monday or Tuesday?
I made too many grammatical errors today; grounding myself from Twitter tomorrow to think about what I've done.
Coincidence that it's Tera's beta weekend, too?
We are hardcore alternative milk drinkers!
We hope you enjoy your breakfast, Jerry!
Appreciate your mentions friends:
omg!:0 dang! Far away<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> LOL
start following me u know ill follow back
#3WordsForYou You are beautiful.
Good D!
RT : Incoming Freshman. We are so excited to meet you.
Funny how the morning sun can make something like an airfield look incredibly picturesque!
thank you so much! You make it look good, so gorgeous! It was great to meet you today
Break time???? Good stuff you guys. Keep it coming
Nothing much. Just been bouncing around meetings. Hope you are well.
All-time fave Downton line, though sadly for us workaholics a diff spin to it..! RT : "What is a weekend?" - Downton Abbey
Talk all the shit bout Chris Bosh but our numbers drop when he not here he Is a big piece if our offense
blame it on the escapegoat! Oh, ???
Adam's grandpa seems to be doing a lot better. These next couple of days will be key. Thanks for keeping him in your thoughts!
Goodmorning to all da Twerps Smile
please tell me
How many times will the clock go around?
Good debate! RT "Do you think it's useful to have a list of past exhibitions?" Q thrown to the floor from
Lookin forward to a great show tonight!!!
Excited to Blame It with Friday night!
Make sure to check out and follow our #FeaturedHandicapper #MrW who is the #1 NFL Monitored Handicapper @ 75% Successful !!
Our Insane Offer for Old Navy will be live in 10 min! Hurry, get there first so you can get one!
RT YES!! MRS. BROWN!
#whatsthepoint of compassion without a well thought out agenda?
I dont care about the how I just want to
Ladies, did you know that we have a full time wedding and event coordinator on staff to ensure that you
Oh she gotta realize that when the game or im playing the 360 to just bring the food in without a word and leave
Today has been tremendous. Power moves, walking by faith, working smart. It's greater now and later.
Knight Foundation is looking for new tools to help people translate their ideas into action to improve their communities
OH: Did his momma knit him that hat?
Ha ok, hope you're having fun! RT I'll be sending some photos later today. Prepare for mind-blowing.
Dierks Bentley is really cute..
Congrats to Andy on his new book! Hv a phenomenal book signing experinece! Nice new vid he's sending out. Got it by e-mail :)
Representing in Chennai this week, planning sports ministry partnerships and a summer conference for urban Indian youth.
#RIP Junior Seau... wow
In San Francisco -- need recommendations for good but not too pricey sushi or other fare!
I see a people from both sides (R and L) who don't know how the Gov. really works. The seem to think the Pres. is a "Fuhrer" or Dictator..
RT : If the nonbeliever does not see himself as a creature, he will invariably assume the position of God...- Van Til
topless - t-o-p-l-e-s-s....when you get up here you'll get topless. #topless gotta get this going again! funniest thing ever
np: Ch-Check It Out - the beastie boys
9:35am Beverly Blvd. 2 men, big round bellies, ragged blonde wigs, bright pink lipstick. Friends walking together.
Soo tired and sleepy so ima sleep for a while so in the mean time follow me and my cuz night guys
I miss you too! Oovoo dates? Road trip?
Is it just me or is it a requirement to be an a-hole to work the return counter at
saints did it
Goodnight world! Had a good time with my new friend #Eddie! Just dropped him off :):) xoxo
Cohen shows wide range of pictures: oil enters images through surfacings, hands of man, containment, militarization, animals
your face gets so red. Crazy ginger (: great covuhh
Let me make love to your eyes.
Yeah, and I don't, usually.
RT : thanks for a great night looking forward to next time!!!!!!!!!!
follow me and no one gets hurt(;
: " #2 fresh cut grass" not for people with
Keep us updated if you come to town! cc
for real
#keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough.
Eff ' Sterrett .. iCan Care Less About The Teachers &' The Students In That School .
Ohio Rep. John Boehner wants to raise retirement age to 70. Cut Social Security.
RIP Joe Pa. Truly a legend that will be missed in college Fball-BH
FIrst thoughts?
where u going
My brother-in-law brought me three shots of espresso on ice, so I've got that going for me.
I never sleep!!! I truly rather work on my projects.This will all pay off one day, that sleep stuff can wait.
it's not the reporter's job to make friends.
Scents from new Expressions™ Collection are true-to-life and will make your whole space relaxing and inviting.
the memphis grizzlies are the best team that NOBODY talks about
ooohhh poo poo on u!!!!!!! check oput my fb page and tell me if u like the style im thinkin of goin with soon (afro twist)
If you had ever worked in Washington, you would not be astounded at all
Yeah Jeff and Jordan are back. I just hope Brendon doesnt hurl a ball again at Heff
Newt doesn't want Nasa to run rockets because he doesn't think a rocket should be tied down to one space program.
Are you teaching anywhere?!
My brother took my nephew who's 4- As long as they know its a "movie" & to not repeat the words I think its ok
jelly. I haven't had a fort in forever!
On tap for VST Instrument development today: Finalizing the signal path for sound imports.
Sounds awesome. I'm a fan of sweet potato anything
little sister is so cute :3 I wanna take her home and make her my sister. c:
Damn! still driving the herse?
Oh yeah, AP Chem placement test tomorrow morning at 8 and AP English exam tomorrow morning? #killme?
there are so many conversations that happen these days where I don't know the who, what, where, when, or why...changing times.
Welcome to #nascsp12 Training Conference - Day One! Orientation is now over, but don't worry, there's more fun ahead!
Learned something new by watching NCIS tonight. When people are lying, they look down and to the left. Now what do I do when I see that?
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing." Einstein
One hour is all I need.
Tonigh's episode of Mad Men will star Frankie Francisco.
My people need to. Help wil some food to eat in africa so you
Some people decided to leave, some will stay. No sign of police yet.
jailbreak, get blacklist. Only way. iPhone and AT&T won't let you do it any other way. Blacklist can also block texts & mms
I love on Monday nights! It makes me wish I had a longer drive home from work, Downtown to the NorthEnd isn't long enough!
RT : Words must flow out of your very consciousness, phrases must be used to harness the energy of the people.
Had a satisfying winter break, but I've gotta say, I'm ready to get back to it :)
I won't shoot a client directly in front of a street art piece unless I know who did the piece.
Back to NOLA tomorrow. Glad to have seen some snow but not glad that it kept me from family. I do not think there is an emoticon for that.
We already have a full lineup for this year, but talk to us next year and we will try to fit you in!
follow and please :D x36
Thanks for shout!
is a SUCKA! Can't wait to play him in fantasy football.
Hey lovely ladies - stop by and enter to win a copy of #Le Chic Cocoon by Sweet reminder to care for ourselves too. :)
I have it on my phone as well that don't mean you have 2 devote all ur time to it LAME!
Doing the wave at the Special Olympics.
"There are too many people in this state who don't have jobs"...yes Mr. Barrett, most of them live in your city.
go to the gym
Wow! Really wish I'd known about this site a few days ago. Get the skinny on any #SOAP #service with soapclient.com!
what if it bites a girl?
Stepped in dog poop. Who leaves it in the middle of the sidewalk??
Received the call today. Looks like Quin & Reed are starting work next month on Californication Season 6. Here we go again!
and apparently I'm hosepher
this is the worst day of my life.
Spent the evening preparing for the HIS WOMEN women's conference in CedarRapids, Iowa - April 14th! Looking forward to a great day of music!
Sounds good!
Just made some macaroni, tuna, shrimp salad
"To beep, or not to beep: that is the question." - a philosophical robot
Wow. RT : Civilian car hit parked fire engine / N Calvert St & E Madison St / Expect traffic delays
Thanks for following me Matt! You may also follow me on We are here to help! Thanks, LM
Doctor said everything is fine, bitch everything I eat taste like shit, and I feel nauseous as shit..somethings wrong -.-
seems like you care too much about yourself. real talk
the lightest of pencil is darker than the stronger of memory
thanks for the RT
Love your bio!
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full friends
Awesome meeting with to discuss Thanks for your time.
That is an excellent list of things.
Thank the lord today is FRIDAY
When do we get the heads up on where y'all will be in Houston?
(I'm never confident about my handle on irony. Even after an MA in English and a lifetime of cynicism.)
spent the day in the ER
That fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.
Hit me up for some weed brownies
Not for nothing, go to Pizza while yer out there. Deep Dish/Carmelized crust. You won't regret it. (cc: )
Listening to Rocketeer on pandora and automatically thinking that Shed A Tear is 10x better
Free Italian Lunch only
Thank God for Coffee.
Great game on ESPN U
Call Miller Chev now! 888 4 miller. 1st 15 callers get 125 dollars off Remote Auto Start! Plus NO payments on Silverados for 120 months
GATOR BOWL HALFTIME SCORE: Florida 14, Ohio State 10
Wonder if God has any extra wings laying around for this leap that's ahead. #maybeablindfoldtoo?
Boarding for home. Our #vvmsgov students are absolutely the best! See everyone at school in a few hours!
relaxing after a good yoga class and not turning on the news because if I hear one more comment about Farve, I'm going to scream!
On the one hand, there's 's "sh*tty first draft." On the other, Allen Ginsberg's "1st thought, best thought."
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today. ):
Welcome to the world of twitter
S/O to !!! GO FOLLOW HER!!! She's an amazing singer, a good friend, hilarious, and has a beautiful smile!!! :) luv u Sara!! <3
happy mothers' day
WHAT?! <U+E40B> I thought you were happy!! <U+E40F>
“: yeooo yall kilt that choreo for put it in the bag homie....... go check that shit out sis” Thanks bro
Should school boards be elected or appointed? Here in Chi, the mayor appoints the board. What do you think?
Love playing maze games they are fun and tricky!!! But I am good at them just be smart!:)
Just got attacked by a pregnant nat! Lol
texted me saying "lol too your status"
Today's special: Tacoing Heads. It's a breakfast taco with a fried egg, zesty cheese blend, salsa, and green onion. 2 bucks.
ShoutOut thanks for the follow ;)
Congrats to for being my 1,000th follower. Glad I don't have to follow through on the whole pot o gold thing.
Careful or I'll curate your poops.
I'm feeling good for the first time It's been a while since the last time
now following thanks
Next week is my annual spring pilgrimage to Green Bay! Canasta tournament at my friend Vi’s plus seeing the sights! Maybe even #12?
Girl The Gym And Cafeteria
I just gotta watch out from because of my Canadian comment LOL
They are great for parties, celebrations, and holidays. These Gummies are in high demand – get them while they last!
I know the whole some from the first few episodes. I know the whole song from the CD.
i mite go to slp early tonite.
Thank you! We'll see you for lunch soon!
I Would like to hear from you if you dont buy the book for what price you would buy it and i will do a special for all my Twitter followers
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
--- I have a sighting to tell you about. can't wait til
he can't....he's not from the usa. agree that blake's overated. lamarcus aldrige is better.
Good luck finding The Avengers in 35mm this weekend. It's out there!
I'm try'n chicken sausage rite now.
Here's a non-shocker. AMC has renewed "The Walking Dead" for a third season.
What about the McLassie? Was it McLuscious?
Yes it's true ; i smile, i laugh like before. But you're not the reason anymore.
stop changing your twitter name hoe.
Met a bad red bone Took that chick home Asked her what she wanted to watch And she said "Surely not the Throne"
you rocked it Lisa!!!! Your beautiful...Mia
tell ur buddy mr. wickett ill take him on in the ring
I am a conservative independent. Our national character is questionable when, as a country we execute the innocent like Troy Davis.
Timeline is so weird. Change is too hard. I think we're gonna give up this whole band thing.
Just got my email invite to a Marketing meeting time of prayer in the garden. I sure do love my coworkers...
Been there, done that. Helpful is a couples therapist who isn't biased in the man's favor, and a partner who's open to change.
The jack sack's back!
Time line for new A.D.?
hi Andrea! I appreciate your RT yesterday and spreading the word about my web development opening!
#Broncos no longer the favorite to sign Manning according to 84... RT : "I'm hearing titans as well."
Never started watching #smash because the Hulk isn't in it.
“: You deserve to be kissed, and often, by someone who knows how. ~Rhett Butler”
Haven't even been single for an hour; and i miss him like crazy... </3
thank-you for the support and spreading the word!
What a Great show by Vidal Sassoon at the Long beach hair convention----INSPIRING
Lebron gonna carry them to the end!
I found out recently that bayard rustin sang. Bought his spirituals and Elizabethan songs on iTunes.
Mayor Berry also asks #Wiener to resign: He needs to step down for the good of his community and his constituents.
God morning!:D
I have facebook too! You're very good at speaking English!!
Oh Boy! “: Veras time....hold on tight #brewers fans.”
Q5a: Bike sharon so they can leave a bike, hop on a train hop off and get another.
Don't worry Chad I know. Your love is what helps me make it through the day. BTW when are we having dinner again? ;)
lmao Tim, thats like parsley describing parsley! Here we go...:)
dnt come off !
Editting and revisions....Er.... Editing and Revissions....no....... Editing and Revisions! Toiling away the evening hours....
whoops- could be my bad- i called her that when we first met. bad kk bad jammaster spank spank spank- how is she? is she back?
- love that.
There is only one mother per household! Love and cherish her! Always...
Oh! It's snowing in downtown Des Moines! What a pleasant surprise!
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions. ~ Albert Einstein
looking for you
RT : RT : The measure of any #mentor is to see anybody that he/she taught do better than he did.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
call me bro
Alone in the car, i try to scream like then afterwards i feel moronic because m sure someone is just hiding in my car laughing
Hey, what’s up? #HOPING we start a short conversation at least
Somebody That I Used to Know by Goyte is this year's Pumped Up Kicks
#CoachellaLive This was bananas!!
Haven Source volunteer orientation on Sunday, October 16th at 11:30am. Email for more info.
I can't really put a pigs squeal into words cuz they sound like dying walrus monkeys.
#MadMen SPOILER ALERT: Really, the homely guy on the train doesn't want to sleep with Alexis Bleidel? Ludicrous!
Anything with chicken is always good. I suggest quesidillas! They are very easy and you can alter what you put in them!
baby girl I need you more now than ever.
U smiley <3
lol yes!!! we'll just 'borrow' him for a few days! jk lol
Heard at #tcbsm4hr: SoMe is like ocean, never turn back on it; may not be a tsunami, but it might be a big wave!
Not getting much done today.... sick, sick, and more sick....
Yes, indeed! Thx for joining us :)
s/o to that girl
Sick as a dog
KIRKO BANGZ LIVE INSIDE MINK TONIGHT !!!!! GET HERE !!!
So how is everyones night going so far?
m...to be fucked by you...
Pilot seated next to me in coach plays airplane landing games on his tablet all flight.
#pumped for the new #modernfamily #TheMiddle and #Suburbgatory tonight!
I have jury duty today, so we'll see how exhausted I am at the end of the day. I definitely plan on attending Allen's Oct 27 talk.
“: Anyone wanna tie one on at the power house tonight? Say 9ish?” tie what? On where?
that girls about as much of a factor as well....YOU
Just got commercial rep!!!!
I think girls look better without make up on than with make up on
So English essay.... We meet again..
The knowing of the heart is far superior than the knowledge of the head... FMHY <3
On the set of Now You See Me with
So we are at Krystal on Manchester eating... Good food... Then to go record with the new mic!!!!
. split at Purdue, but won its school-record 12th conf game. They finished w/ 30 wins last yr, but are 30-14 w/ 10 games left
Obtained Manhattan CB3 approval for new SLA full liquor license application for 161 East Houston St.
thanks for the answers...yeah i'm still in jet lag mode too,
thanks for your insightful views on social media today at the Digital Summit. Great job!
Thanks so much!
We are now taking applications for the government refinance HARP program for borrowers who are underwater in their mortgages. Call today Mar
probably changing your password would be the first step
sounds thirst-quenching! In a poverty ridden sort of way!
No new york for me '
The Notebook>>
It's nice to have a direct line to engineers and decisions makers. I love not having a time lag.
Oh well hell life goes on
SnapBacks or fitted??
Expose yourself to good input. Read books, listen to cd's, and spend time with people who inspire you and really make you think.
can I see(;
Bout to see Project X
Our club meetings are normally held at MC Rockville- presided by Stacey D. Miller.
that one seemed like more than just an aftershock
"Allerent: Start preparing now for your addition of Google+ to your company social media marketing with #google+
Waiting. For this class to end.
and when I get married you can call me Mrs. London Bridgez
Stevie Wonder!!!!!
Just called MyrtleBeachPD Capt. He answered "Hello Rochester!" I said what? "Its the 3rd anniv of Brittanee, who else is going to call me?"
awww, me too! YOU'RE AMAZING GIRL!
got a mailer daemon for that email address. Mine is
Got a high-five today. Didn't know people still did that.
RT : Check out Malahide's Mobile Tourism Map on the app, let us know if we missed you and you'd like to be included.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Broken Glass!
I'ma punch you in the mouth. With my boot. Hah
LT opened his show "With Allenby in Palestine and with Lawrence in Arabia" at the Royal Opera House in London (August 1919)
Fan: "What's your name?" Niall: "Dave." #1DQuoteFans *Shouldn't she know his name since she's a 'fan'?!*
Random #BladeRunner: "I need ya, Decks. This is a bad one, the worst yet. I need the old blade runner, I need your magic." - Bryant
That is the stupidest, dumbest play I've ever seen!!! What a fucken idiot!!! Way to give them 7 pts.
that's a good question! Who you got in mind?
oh. Thanks!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You.................=]
Lucky you. I get Joe Buck and Tim McCarver.
My bus was passed by an 848, later a 749, and just now a roaring 1098. Sunshine bringing the Ducs out in Seattle.
Nice Blue OutFit Like Oink HeadBand
Wow, what a long weekend - at least there is baseball on the horizon.
im not so hooked on Catching Fire.. now i feel others point of view.. but i really wanna read Mockingjay!
Lol, you should see the back of my phone.....SMH
only if the white fat dude is gay
hahaha i know, it's kind of #pathetic but whatever. her posts are hilarious haha
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.
Ok. Now going to sleep. Isn't this what people want to know about me? Yes, I am in bed! Lights off.
#FF for completing your AP World History class, at long last
Irish toast “May those who love us, love us; And those who don't love us, may God turn their hearts…"
My bro thought the battle between David n goliath was a battle between a man n a cyclopes like in real life...........seriously lmao
And you wonder why I smoke... Bitch
Blu is making me sad ;n; I want him to get better
Happy Valentine's Day! How are you doing on your Cabin Fever reading? Don't forget - you get TWO prizes when you turn in your 3rd slip.
The Android Facebook app is a data and battery hog. The facebook mobile site is glitchy and erratic. Facebook y u gotta be so frustrating?
*smiles* that's good. Are you enjoying your phone? *hopes you haven't figured out how to access porn on it yet*
Yon do you know about ? If not check her out in youtube! If you do know her isnt she #Fabulous!
Nice to tweet you.
My client starting a soup and such
"The two girls are typical dollar street walkers, dressed in the usual tawdry get-up."- THE ICEMAN COMETH
last bullet, it was 5-0 shutout over Finland for the US.
I don't blame R, I only pull it out when i need it last minute, one day I'll take the time to learn it well ;)
Email me
great contribution to the twitter world. I'm one stupid tweet away from unfollowing you.
Me and are having church in the living room as we watch Whitney Houston's funeral. That choir is singing!
#demf Eddie C at shit show is fantastic. Is this hyperactive? #can'ti.d.acidwellenough
I'm a picture-taker. I'm lucky that most of my sources are typed, white page docs, which means pretty accurate OCR. V. useful.
Watch Me & on Flashpoint (WCNC) Real conservatism No taxes, For Amend1. Sun 11am
At minnesota learning commons session
Man i dead wana just go lay in my bed but im fina got shoot around in the front yard to clear my mind
amazing rule! Just left nordstroms after treating myself :)
watches 25% off TODAY ONLY for our 2nd Day of Christmas! New deals each day!
No sleep plus a hot muggy office makes for a very pissy elise
Goodnight Dusty & Ava :)
Shout with a voice of triumph in this atmosphere!
Well I see that Thomasville has something in common with #BGC8...the only way they'll fight is if they're jumping someone. #Weak !!! Lol
I think a lot of ppl sleep on me
My lord! Men having sex with women... When will it stop!
It was called ! Check it out. Tomorrow they are open to the public, so you can go check it out b4 NY!
wins #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter award for their O&M Storage & Maintenance Facility!
real bitches wassup !
A little bird is letting a secret out... She told me not to tell anyone! Horny Goat Hideaway and Impact Ultra Fitness has teamed up!
#FF ; ; ; ; who else should you follow? Lets hear it!
For sale: Two kids. Cute, but bad. $free.99
Golden Fried Asparagus Spears. Up grade your basket today!
Even if you don't despise Mater Dei & De La Salle (which you do), it sucks that 17 of 20 teams in the ship are from private schools.
Molaro: many libraries don't purchase locally
We can quote you with several companies at once if you're interested. We've got reps that are free this morning to help.
If you see someone leaving a church, jaywalking, should you say something? Or let them choose what is right or wrong.
“: A boy who waits until I am up to start the #WakenBake? I mean, did you take a direct route from heaven, or..”
Yes I do;) Stay tuned!
Mirror/not being/alone
Right now in the Storm Team 4 office: VS the weather computer.
Yes! Thanks! :D
Offensive rebounds. Someone kill me.
Ohh that songs good
Tell him you have your accountants or your landlord "pay for it all!!!"
You cant control the things that happen to you, but you can control the way you react to them. Its all perception.
Legendary surf photog Aaron Chang and artist Wade Koniakowsky joining us on KUSI at 8:20. Stoked!
RT : ": The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting."<-- LOL
You ever read somebody's tweets and think... damn, I need to get some of what they're having.
has been a real treat watching Alec Baldwin react to today!
It's supposed to be 80 something degrees out today & im wearing sweats. i regret nothing.
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE WHATS YOUR FAVORITE MOVIE?
OMG. OMG. This guy is just out of control.
my mom won't let me drive & to graduation. someone with a license, spend the night friday? :)
I'm finally making contact with my bed!!!!!! <3333
You'll forgive us in time.
I'M BACK ! ALL ARE WELCOME BACK ! Joe Gonzalez / Joelouis16
Had an awesome day snowmobiling with my dad!!!!!!!
Former GG Jean speaking launch, proud Canadian in the audience.
And if I knew it would end like this I never would've kissed you cuz I fell in love with you we never would've kicked
Can u please follow us back =)
RT : are u guys performing at unifest??
very true
HERE WE GO AGAIN! AIRING NOW!
supa FREAK. supa FREAK , yeah u kno i wanna sup FREAK!
#first40songsonshuffle 32. Make A Wave - Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas (Music Video)
Dear Woo Girls in front of my building for the last hour, I feel the same way towards you as I do nascar: "Stop doing that."
Me: Are you going to have any more? John: No. Me: Okay, COOL! I'm going to go individually freeze the leftovers! John: Nerd.
Happy Birthday duke :)
insanity is the best workout I have ever done, lost 7-10 pounds in the 2 weeks I was trying it then it kicked my butt and I quit
The support team at / is awesome.
Shit now I'm crying in the back of my statistics class.
This is awesome! #KIROConnect Go !
it's going to be madness !!
Just made homemade granola bars. Am I a bored 25 yr old or a super-mom who writes adorable notes in lunch boxes? The world may never know...
In need of a good bottle of wine & drinking buddy, asap. Now accepting applications.
playing dance central 2;)
Alright gosh, i'll just say melissa
yes OUR park no else aha
What exactly is this "bag of beer?"
What's a good word for the feeling when your heart is full to overflowing from all the kindness & love from the people in your life?
okay. Did he give out any hw
feeling the same way about FB & collecting friends. feel the need to limit it a little (opinion could change again though)
good fights. Not really boxing.
Always and forever fuccing wit money
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
I came upon a busy swarm of little frogs in a swampy place among the trees
they know how to score man, they have ryan anderson who is a lights out shooter. Our bulls honestly dont have one of those
no why Did Hollie have to go home? smh :(
NY Office Basketball Game @ 6
congrats Lynn! :)
joy. Its 4/20. Not excited to see the many tweets about pot today.
“: Mitt says for "3,000 years of recorded history - marriage is between a man and a woman." But his grandfather had 6 wives”
": Whats yall favorite song right now?" Neva end&Turn on the lights
can you send e the link for the women's lib coll, the link in your tweet didn't open- thanks!
Can't beat it! RT : It is, absolutely gorgeous today! :)
WHY YOU WORKING
losing hair in my eyebrows AGAIN! anyone have any idea what causes this? its legit like balding eyebrows!
People now days care to much about wat others say or think follow ur heart n mind not ur ears...
thanks love! never give up....express yourself! your gorgeous hun =)
Hope all goes swimmingly. The moon is making all our local cats crazy!
Kids' brain power is radically better boosted by learning to play music than just listening to it, according to Nature Reviews Neuroscience.
Follow us on Facebook too: Sushi Sasa Denver. We'll be offering some (very secret) deals...
Bleh... You're right. Why do they have to tinker with it so often?
Coffee brewing, desk clear, windows open, music blasting, Friday, about to sort an archive, whole day ahead of me.
The official Twitter page of the four City of Milwaukee owned parking garages in downtown Milwaukee
man eye know u gone be busy tonight with everyone getting in. Just fit your boy in some where for some glute work
getting high and twisted
Hope ur feeling better. Miss you much! XoXoXo.
ooh no ! What would Mo think ...
The Colvin Monologue about the brown paper bag. Monologue of the century.
u bet. See u there! We will celebrate.
#Happy5thAnniversaryLMFAO! See you in Detroit May 23rd!
Go Leafs go! Like a snake waiting in the grass here come Toronto! #TSN If your dig the Bruins, you are going to love my Leafs next year.
yep *smiles and looks back at you*
Having said that, Wade's defense is incredible enough that I don't even hate him for it
Q&A ask me anything and f4F
I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice.
This School is hot!
put me in a box but don't bury me.
Goodnight, hopefully dreams of tropical beaches and vegetables are in my future :)
at a social media for congregational use workshop put on by Working through twitter stuff right now
love u
money is the root of all evil but not having money can be just as lethal
"I don't have any constructive criticism but need to provide feedback... Change it to the third person and insert these unnecessary commas."
See us turn mainstream rock all caddywampus with our prog influence...Sat Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes St. Paul, MN
This is not the car we ordered, dad. Quiet Russ. Ed, this is not the car we ordered
We'd like to thank all our followers! Pls RT our tweets to help us as we re-vamp our social media presence!
#ChildLabor rules for kids in #agriculture a prime example of #media not doing due diligence and fact checking-no one reads they just repeat
band tees, ripped skinny jeans & converse. <3
Support: NFL.com/pink
we also accept artwork for potential merchandise designs :D.
Anyone else ever wake up and order a Crimson and Clover breakfast - eggs over and over, and over-easy? Me TOO.
"We are the blender to the community's milkshake." #511fall #what? Better start blogging!
Who do you have as the favorite right now to land him Pauly?
omgee you look so beautiful ! I love it <U+E056><U+E056>
Thanks! Sure is! The joys of parenthood.
Unnessecaarry road rage. watch out.
I try calling, que paso? U busy?
Watching What Makes You Beautiful on my Tv (: is amazayn <3 xD hellz Yeah ! Best Boy Bands (:
We're sure Delilah is stoked!
Stylish home decor & flowers...Tulipia is a fun spot to browse and shop!
think the turnout is going to be better? Guess again. Trends are showing low turnouts. Lower turnout favors non-(D).
Hi Jen, we worked together on Petty Offense. You're pretty awesome. Wish i could cast you. I tried.
no I dont think u get it. It was a 'k I'll do whatever it takes to get her to "SHUT UP(;" cuz I know I will always be hotter"
Turtle especially cute when done by girls in mittens - at a football game or ski lodge.
You can't even hear the announcers over the #Cleveland fans
nothing much :) wbu & i miss you two !
Gonna throw it out there: Interstate Love Song by Stone Temple Pilots is the greatest song of the 1990s.
How much did you get for Livan Hernandez?
#txla1 working on booth 1311, almost ready for the grand opening tonight!
As soon as I begin smiling because of how glad I am to be able to fit beneath the lowest of branches-Charlotte, the spider, to the face.
actually thanks to I now feel younger & stronger & quicker! So I made my way back!
We are hiring for a serving position immediately - please send resumes to if interested.
Win a MacBook Pro 17" when registering at Talkbiznow - Free Services for small businesses online! at www.talkbiznow.com
There's hope for humanity! ;-) Would love to make a trip out there soon.
I'm actually jealous.
Fresh outside.. cryin inside!!! ugh.. I need some #youC1000 I guess
Going to frightmares :D auuugghhh im so scared... Its gonna be so fun tho!!!!
so the r/l genres and physical locations are still there but not the organizing principle. hope that's ok….
I have literally done nothing to you for you to be acting this way towards me!!
dude let's go run sometime when you're free budd. Hit up a 3 mile run. Haha
do you have a favorite website where you can get GF recipes?
“: 2 more days until Sophia Grace & Rosie are back! I'm tutu excited for words.”---Yay! Can't wait to tune in!
This makes me so happy! :) “: "This is not goodbye" is on at the moment. It's just the type of Country I love.”
Sweet #PuffPuffPass ": blowing one now lls ."
The most important thing about goals is having one. -Geoffry F. Abert
mankind is so screwed up. Human race gets worst and worst everyday
#AwkwardMomentWhen you realize you've been spelling a word wrong your whole life.
My #family, #friends and #education make me strong! That's how I'm able to transform ed around the world!
Welcome to Twitter, fellow new secondary ed classmates (science guy) & ! (Spanish dude)
sucks to suck.
I love you<3
Hi Care2! If your users want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Fireworks are a great way to celebrate fathers day get yours & support YOURS. come by the sams club on rt 40 in catonsville and help YOURS
The question should be why is the government setting interest rates and subsidizing these loans in the first place?????!!
Thanks for the #FF love! I hope you're doing well!
Just worked a 10 hour shift my feet r telling me all about it
Thank you, Jim. And Happy Valentine's Day to you.
Here's to as he concludes 12yrs on the TX Railroad Commission. Onward and upward, boss ->
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend.
April is the cruelest month...
POTUS got the car out of the DITCH & working on repairs whn the GOP car-hijacked it, drove it off a CLIFF-GOPs licence was revoked in 2008?
Seriously, I need a new roomate or a new room :(
I microwaved a lot :-) I use a wheelchair and your roll-in showers are terrific.
your a fucking dumb slutty idiot
Hit a road bump... But will be launching ASAP.
RT : When people start falling out of your life, understand that's it's necessary in order to change seasons!
#sadbuttrue Rachel Berry always has socks on that isn't cute. Blaine never wears socks. He needs to sleep Rachel's
Days like today remind me of how fortunate we are to be on such a beautiful beach! SMILE BIG!!
I need a Roo ticket!
Lenten fish fry tonight at the kids' Catholic pre-school and then off to for End of the Rainbow.
To the bigots blasting for going on TV...time to wake up! Ur living in the 2000s or do u prefer to be mindless 40s Hitler slaves?
I wasn't yelling in her face and the boys wasn't yelling at Rebecca so she lied
still in Madison? If so, check out the Old Fashioned bar for a great beer selection!!!
Sunday blues
Sorta. When you have to update it doesn't chirp at you like Android. Just a little notice on the App Store icon.
I'm bipolar
I heard it was riveting.
Sounds like we need to do a poll! ;)
Here's to the Mahomies who just wanna give up because they know Austin won't notice them.. You're not alone.
the emotions "blind alley" I'll be
Support groups can be very beneficial in helping you to cope with ADD / ADHD symptoms and for helping you with treatment.
I need an Agent....Ive done pretty well on my own...ready for the next level....You send me out I will book the JOB!!!
Thou art all the comfort,<br> The Gods will diet me with.
I want YOU to be MY biggest Fan!
hahah aww no that's his name?! kinda just ruined it. oh well. BITCH IM SEEING BTR AND CODY 13TH ROW. BRB WHILE I DIE
Why would someone come into an area where I am studying and play videos so loudly??
1st Sunday funday today featuring Dig and live music with josh Goode. Starts at 5!
That's awesome! Congratulations!
Have fun! We'll be at the show cheering you all on! RT I still have to pinch myself when I perform with
We are officially open at 107 King Street!!!!!
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
reached Supernatural season 2 over the wknd! Felt like I needed to tell u for sum reason :) Can't believe John Winchester...
has two job openings Digital Strategy and AS Consumer
awesome presentation this morning. Love the added personality.
I've been wanting Mexican food since last week and today my ass gets fed BBQ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Monday morning is for management training.
Don't get me wrong...the queen is very important, but it is the worker bees that make all the honey...
updating your resume is loads of fun.
that big booty,juicy fruity...
When are we gonna play again?!?! lol. You guys are always afk it seems.
Gotcha...I guess I'll abide by the haters no follow rule then, haha.
We'd have to bring So this probably wouldn't be our margarita off.
wow that looks pretty awesome!
#ohyerrJerseyShore cant wait for the next season!
Thx again 4 the help you've provided in the effort to Bring Isa Home and Find Isabel Celis
Just took a face first plunge into the concrete and scraped up my elbow #longboarding<U+E409><U+E431>
I wonder what Barry Trotz would look like with a mullet.
I've developed a hate for Nicki Minaj. She's so annoying.
can u call @ 6?
As a part of Beer Week, we are serving $3 pints of 's beer, in a glass that is yours to keep! Come in between 4-7 to get this deal
So Glad I asked LMFAO
good luck on your "business day tomorrow" hope your ready to work out!
I dnt even stay our there I'm n Chicago we need it on our station
Heat: 3 superstars. Pacers: 0 superstars. Bulls: Dessimated. Celtics: old. Hawks: are the Hawks
Interesting that has changed their avatar to a avatar. Jumping on the bandwagon ?
Good Morning tweeps, Up thanking GOD first for all that he does for us. Workflo$
u rock
Imma have to start wearing sweaters too work.. Everytime I cum n.The dnt talk to my face they talk to the boobs. N I work with all girls lol
Our Staff are on their way to hear #HarlemChildrensZone President, Geoffrey Canada, speak at A terrific opportunity!
straight for your thighs, like the cake you ate
VOMATOMICS-CNN just won't stop the LAME, PATHETIC, CHEESY attacks on Romney. Desperation, guys ?
Guess they saying N.O all about that contact sport. And they shouldn't neva fired they coach
And yes, this should stir the pot on sampling and copyright. Mostly because it's a spectacularly ill-timed fishing...
Ur cat is adorable! Instagram rocks :) Still trying to understand it, but it's already my most favorite ap ;0)
Don't want to talk about the game...
need to get an oz of some kill
Follow me big bro
“: Imaaaaaaa die” don't do that!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
is on a tweeting frenzy.. Someone in room 12 needs to either shut up or take her out
Spell check has its advantages and disadvantages .
My fiance exwife showed up at his mom house the day after Christmas with a pan of dressing.....Lmfao...
#Unblurred this Friday at 5440 Penn Ave: chef Kate Romane & E2 will kick off their & offer free mediterranean food!
Registration done for Brooklyn Half!
i went to cava in clarendon on Friday. that place is the jam. =)
Spread the word.
I'm now an official member of the #ZombieResearchSociety Safehouse
I would love that.
I'm pretty confident they will but anything can happen in hockey!
Extra healthy too. I loved you at the Matt Cusson show!
I still don't think I've woken up today. oofta.
If you're ever feeling down just remember your sperm is the one that won
I wasn't paying enough attention: down to 2GB of disk space free on my workstation again. Scrambling to delete everything I can.
lol loyalty to what? I've lived in 5 states..I've loved Lebron since he was in high school. I respect Drose tho. He's the man
Appearing in tonight's episode of #ModernFamily on ABC, 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)!! Check me out as the "Trapeze Guy"!
Many things can lead to a flooded home like natural disasters & floods caused by heavy rains to broken pipes or roof leaks.
RT : : discussion of archiving plugin at . lots of interest at #WARC12 +1
i was like scarred hahahaah it freaked me out
rangers and these dumb penalties my god
Cuz even in the dark baby ima shine bright
Dave Snyder of : biking/walking: 12% of all trips, 20% of fatalities, & they get 1.5% of CA Transpo funding
Awesome- We appreciate it!
Glad I waited until after #ala10 to come down with a cold.
Thanks for retweeting!!
take the time to get to know someone b4 yo "feelings" get involved.
powers on cool!!!!:)
I was always in trouble as a kid. I was sent home from school with more bad notes than the whitney houston funeral.
To Milo: Seriously regretting that my April Fool's day joke resulted in your deportation.
Lee Rosenbaum: Munch&#39;s &#39;The Scream&#39; at Sotheby&#39;s: Who Will Buy It? For How Much? (VIDEO)
Thank you for the follow. Glad to see the renowned Parkland on Twitter.
Haven't watched SNL in a min! Thank God Will Ferrell's the host tonight
OK, this nonsense male shopping talk can go on since I do agree with the drive-thru and returning is a PIA!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY, thank you for all you do....dedicated to my deceased mom and all the other moms out there
Wonderful day to you too lovely :)
So is still doing that summer tour?
thank you!
This really isn't my fault and I didn't make him do it :,(
Why does my boi only follow the ladies. But who cares im still gonna see
Blumkin on a bus
Even my mom noticed that got a hair cut, lol
I am so unbelievably excited for the 's 2012-13 season. It's gonna be awesome. :)
When coding an #ebook, I've found listening to Three Days Grace and Breaking Benjamin is calming. They do all the screaming for you.
both of us is top ten on iTunes so I'd go with that
Hebrew Proverb~ Man plans and God laughs.
Protesters in trees? RT Police have Pike between 1st and 2nd blocked off. Several arrests made. Protesters in trees, chanting.
Would like to reconnect
what are you up to?:)
If you live in Damascus or have any friends or family there tell them to get out!!!!
Trivia Tuesday! Name one of the many benefits of routine massage therapy.
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!! have a fabulously wonderful day guys!! Meeting u for the 1st time in 49 days! :-)
your welcome.
ah hon thats great i hope she loves you back
The essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail. Edwin H. Land
I might just explode with excitement.
Season's Tweetings: If you know one professional Santa, you’re bohemian, arty, and avant garde. If you know two, you’re a freak.
Gym Time
Q1 Supportive of her interns, works internally and externally to improve the profession, collaborates w/profs.
#ABQ weekend idea: visit our new exhibit A Century of High Flying: Science, Space and Sport, celebrating New Mexico’s centennial.
It's actually #CincoDeSporting :)
Go Coach Beiste!
Just had a great morning coffee with Tom Marshall and the rest of the group.
Its an awesome band song!
Im on my twitter shit today!
Things are to be used & people are to be loved, but in this world people are being used & things are being loved... Sad
rip my face off.
how can you spits better bars better than anybody in GT but still NOT WIN???
Bitch get off the court..
she's never on twitter just saying. took her AGES to follow me.
yeah..why?
I'm really happy for us, but what is the cost of the transition going to be and how will it be paid for?
The ears are an often-neglected part of the body that can be the site of intense pleasure for her. sextip
i hate when people let you down when they think tht dreams tht you wanna do will never happen well here is what u tell em
A couple of episodes of #csi:my then off to bed.
im not school ! how cool am i.
The problem with getting the girl of your dreams is that one day you'll have to wake up.
Follow Me !
If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting, time after time.
it really was. RT : Just an incredible celebration of that And-1 by Turiaf.
#Vegas Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 & learn Watermelon Crawl & Doctor Doctor with us! Our Free Dance Lessons end at 9pm!
Kick-ass run!
hey myayuna btw...happy valintines day u havnt rlly texted me today....D:.....ppl r so....sweet i got 10 teddy bears and 1 giant frog!!
GREAT BLESSED MORNING TL
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat. -Malcolm Forbes
No, like an east-sider. Forgot there was stuff west of the river. Last time I lived in NYS & not in the city of Roc was 1996!
I hate goose bumps !! There ugly ,
you mean formal networking has networking as the goal while casual networking doesn't?
These brothers create vegetable musical instruments. We don't do that but our vegetables do make a medley in your mouth!...
Just got a 100% on that quiz.
She be slaming doors ..and throwing shit just cause she is bad.
acoustic pop
What up?!
working to prioritize my work
Colleen McCreary, CPO #ideaseconomy: commitment to talent - 20% of management time spent on talent development. Zynga First = culture
That is so true.
we should. #SocialBusinessAlliance ? I'd love to help set one up.
People call me Kay. But my name is Kaylee. xP
penn state this weekend!
Oh Great! Just got home from Pizza Parlor. A 13 year old shouted to me "Watch Breaking Dawn! Bella died!" I was about to watch it TOMORROW!
Vivid Vocab Extends Free Trial to Its SAT Vocabulary Users Vivid Vocab, a popular new eLearning software for SAT and GRE vocabulary, has
hey hon;)
wondering if I should get an ear piercing ?:) should I
For Valentines day, treat your sweetie to a 6oz petite filet of beef w bubbly lobster mac & cheese!
I know Lebron is good but how is Kobe not the MVP of the league
RT : Waking up with a headache ??<<< take some Willow Pain Reliver I'm sure my Girl cheer u up Jamie :)
Wish we could say the same for “: RT : Finally took my <U+0394>G sticker off my car.. #PGP "
Ok. Put your ear up to a light bulb for about 30 seconds. THEN check your.
Are you in Chicago at #AWP12? Say hi to ALOUD's Louise Steinman at the table
of course you are.
Show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center!
I'm alive and well just been busy folks....
I want you in every way. I want you to be with me every single day. Happy Valentine’s Day.
Well, hurry up, so I can come visit you in Amsterdam!
damn dude good luck
oh #TomBrady, why you so pretty?
Yep that is true but in case you didn't I thought I'd ask. lol
Welcome to all my new followers. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets.
#Top100Lies "I didn't get your call."
not having anyone to turn to <<<
I was sleeping!!! What happened?
Hard work pays off big time...
A perfect fall night for riding and drinking.
Fitch Report: For those companies which defaulted after a distressed exchange the weighted average recovery fell to 29.3% from 50.8%
Hopefully I get some time today to start learning #Storyline since its getting rave reviews in the #elearning world
Same to you!
#askselena would Dream Out Loud come to China or Hong Kong? Selenators in Hong Kong are really love Dream Out Loud but can't buy.....
Sean put a bunch of fake money in our mailbox
All music is roots music. However, too much of it has been genetically modified and over-fertilized.
If you see me today, don't be surprised if my wave has been replaced by a Gator Chomp.
Why are Canadian girls so cute?
What's the last Good Movie you saw that you would recommend?
Cannot wait to see in September! are you down?!
To all our WS minors and BC students-- have a wonderful holiday break and good luck with the end of finals! We will see you in January 2010!
John- Why do you continually ignore my texts? It's time for a coach, maybe even a genius OC, to be honored on the box.
Put Me On Ya' Myspace Top 8 So I KNOW It's Real.
Clouds begin to break this evening with partly cloudy conditions overnight. We fall to 47°.
I'll try tomorrow. Hes still on the plane coming back from AUSTRALIA right now.
Thanks! Smart patrons are our favorite patrons.
That makes two of us :-)
#ThingsThatINeed A Million Dollars $$$$$
Teachers: Happy Teachers' Appreciation Week! Thanks for all the wonderful things that you do! :-)
just got out of the hunger games clove was amazing good job:)
Not calling me cause you think im short famous hey
Graduation is in 20 days!
Why am I not Lea Michele?
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<315
Trying to find a 4-6' by 16' led surface for substantially less than six figures.
Have had 2 family members use the R. McDonald House services...so thankful for it!!
he is my boyfriend i will give him my heart as my valentines day card:) i don't think i can throw a card that high;) lawddd:)
s/o follow the homie!
#6WordSciFiStory - ...but Captain, that would be genocide.
beautiful message
his parents too! D.rose 's mom would! I would..I'm a mom..I'd kick his ass! His parents like that money don't they?help him!
Are you feeling better? Did the dog get over being ill?
I understood. but I think can confirm, no LHN in stadium, at least. even if it was a metaphor.
Ford Thunderbird Hoodie Sweatshirt – T-Bird Green Car Black Hoody
I think I'm going to start body building ..
Going to see Bill Maher tonight. Thanks sis!
Yea uncle Rush that is so true, we can either make our selves happy or miserable... Y are u up so early.. doing yoga..Love it
Thorns and stings and those such things - just make stronger our angel wings. -
Fuck, just fell down my stairs singing one of chamillionaire 's song. fuck up my shin though. DAMNIT, this hurt.
I love tha skin I'm in
"But you sat down, you got high, that's all you wanted to do, that's how you got by"
I be thuggin and it ain't no secret. I run game, so when its ran on me I can peep it.
Happy Friday, #Austin go check out some of the fun things this weekend!
"Bands Of The Week" updated this week= & AMiletoofar
2nd pick NFL week 4 - Cards/Chargers 46 pts. #TakeTheOver -- Rivers finds comfort zone w/new set of receivers
call gio and well tlk bout it
all i want is to get talked about like in but that wont happen :/
posted live podcast from Portland Saturday Market on icompositions.com/artists/NorthPoint
shh back to the kitchen with you. no one was speaking to you.
Don't take issue with someone who asks for what they want, take issue with the fool that gives in to their unreasonable request.
Best of luck,
FDA Loses Appeal, Can’t Regulate E-Cigarettes as Drug This is huge for HPNN.PK.
DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Headed home from work. ,
S/O to my 500 followers baby! I want 10,000 by 2013. Real ones though
Baltimore man arrested Tuesday night after losing it when he discovered his room had been trashed by Roommate's dog.
I'm a #Gleek! Watched last night. Disco lives & it's ok. Really it is!
Thanks for favoriting the L&L question, Chris!
Chicago is 0 for 1 I'm sure the bulls will make it 1 for 2 after tonight
I AM LEGIT FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW CUZ OF ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!
Re: my last Rt... RT : Eek, that nice summary of a Nature paper I tweeted is by Apologies for the typo.
Happy Saturday everyone! Enjoy your weekend!
girl yo morning sound like mines
TONIGHT: Boulder S'Wedge - El Roco - 8 PM - FREE>>>ALSO FREE DRINKS FROM ABSOLUT BETWEEN 9 AND 10 GET THERE EARLY FOR THE SHOW THOUGH!
you know what she could be a replacement lol
Got a lot to get done. Time to get moving!
People come and go
Maybe we're in a startup bubble. So what? Now get back to work.
Unfortunately no list spots for Brokencyde tonight!
.<U+200F> Not about fixating on resemblance to #Whitney, but finding balance between talent and look. Zoe Saldana (bonafied actress) has it.
p.s only kidding :)
if #jeremylin doesn't play in NYC, would even bother covering him? Lin's been good, but if he played in MKE or Utah?
Memphis. Why don't you have any good community centers?
followed :) follow back
Wanted to hit up Adam Express tonight, but the line is almost out the door. Great to see them doing well after brig closed for a few months.
Yin & Yang, though. The job security of the CCP also lends to its efficiency. Total control means things get done.
Everyone in this van is "People Watching".... you wouldn't belive some of the stuff people do while driving. Haha
Wow. And I'm still angry when non-acting jobs ask me to send a photo of myself along with my resume!
S/O my lil brother from another mother...
#TheBestPartOfMyDay was this morning when you said I Love You for the first time ever. It took you 3 years. Better late than never <3
pick me
tweeting the boyz perverted pick up lines is how i release some of the sexual frustration they cause me.
Just tapped lawnmower So come join us for fat Tuesday!!
i have no words for how beautiful clair de lune is. i need to learn it on guitar.
Scott, would love to meet you at #ctia. Please DM me
Sandra Bulloch: no...just, no.
It has been the best 8 months, now we just have to get through the next 5 days ...
Acura returns to entry luxury with ILX After leaving the entry-luxury fray when it killed the RSX hatchback in 2006, Acura has returned w
"We are so sick as a people we turn down our own spiritual medicine.... #wedontwanttobehealed!
Dont think about it be about it
I cant tell if girls have always been fucking crazy and i just realized it or if high school does that to them.
When people misspell words on purpose it gets annoying.
just lemonade. Very delicious :)
ahah! So *you're* the UI designer for Craigslist!
It's 4:30. Can I get a cocktail, please?
Eventually they will learn to
Virginia Beach Citizens' Police Academy is currently accepting applications through Monday, August 24, 2009.
thank you!
I thought I had to wait a couple weeks but they act like they grew back so fast
You will be meeting me
• You can add up all the conference/tourney championships in both sports and still won't have more than The U
;; Eatinn dinnerr (: && Dude . I found like an old message of us talking in feb. Crazy right !?
Computers Guide » Blog Archive » Exactly why a Rekey to help ...
I wish I could say I was up working on things for my last final exam, but I'm not. I'm just an insomniac.
Headed to The tonight for a very special dinner! I've never been & can't wait to feast on yummy Japanese cuisine. #YUM! :)
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Problem: During my bike commute, I keep wanting to check Facebook on my phone. Solution: Practice mindfulness.
I always buy too much sour cream : /
lets get it
no fair
Hitch Hedberg used to be dead. He still is, but he used to be too. 7 years today. Sad.
:D Thank you for sharing!
coped a new wallet finally
is in her office, tweeting. Lol
Maybe we'll start a movement - HARK!
Very crazy week. Excited to begin working on #Machon12 w/ this weekend!
The first one is real smooth, some future type shit---but a mixture of something I like :)
I always cry when i hear that. it never fails :-(
well!What has justin's fan got to do with room..LoL.:D i'm defending Paige or something.i'm asking a general question :)xx
Mann I hope can bring the SOUL back to R&B his voice is epic......
I DMed you, hope you see it :)
Massachusetts Communities Receive Municipal Blue Innovation Award for Affordability and Wellness Initiatives
Chris Rock--my first true chuckle of the night.
girl fine bad as ever lol
lmao that was a crazy day tho....it started in Franklin Millz parking lot an ended near my union hall lmao
Come on over and check us out great #deals, #crazy, #fun in Denver!
I HATE the Knicks. I hate them. I hate them. I hate them.
I thought that was a normal accordion, but is it amplified/modified as in his other works? Congratulations on the premiere
Damn is lookin fine today
Just gotta ask: Who really is responsible for taking away those freedoms? #OBL really solo act in fear mongering?
12 min until first pitch here at John Sessions Stadium between the cougars and YOUR DOLPHINS!!!
absolutely, yes. I intended to wait to hear from him before doing so.
S/o to my lil man having girl problems. Love the game bro, not the girl!!! Girls are players too!
Amen to that
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
I'm Jill. I work as a temp ref librarian at a community college.
true. he never has to welcome and thank himself ;) #ldsconf hahaha
hold on, let me smell your breath, yeah your breath smells like poop.
Haha you follow lots of drivel I guess. :P Thanks for the love doll!
Zahava Doering: trust your visitor,give them tools, leave them alone.
prob not a bad idea, I can relate to tornado panic. The radar looks nasty. But you have twitter!
There was little soul but plenty of lights. More bright lights than in an operating room. My eyes still burn.
<---This Lady is drop dead gorgeous!
Recession?? Why was it so hard to find a parking space at the Mall of America?
Excited about Fat Tuesday. It's this week! Remember last year at #whiskeytango?? This year will be even better!!
Have a frugal find you'd like me to feature? Please share!
way to ditch gym today. We watched our dance videos
IU didn't OVER celebrate their win against VCU. They celebrated a win against a good team, a trip to sweet 16, & a rebirth!
Happy Mothers day. my mom refused to get up. 5 minutes of whining. okay... night.
His name shall be ... Drum roll...#Sheldon :-)
excellent! Have you trained/educated employees on it?
Have computer problems? The geeks r back! JG store opens up again Mon, Jan 9 630p-830p in Rm 216 at the Rock. See u there! God bless.
thanks for everything man! Love you!!
Once you cross the line to physical assault, particularly w/homophobic undertones, that's something that can't be explained away
Whats a good exercise to do, to target that lower part just below the buttocks the (adductor magnus)?
apparently now Facebook notifies you every time someone accepts or declined your invitation to an event. and I just invited 253 people.
Miley wears a crop top and a skirt and gets called a slut. Selena wears the same but gets called cute and beautiful. What the actual fuck?
Maybe I'm old fashioned but the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No has all the action I need...assassination attempt with a cute, fuzzy tarantula
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
Don't be scared of free-weights. Try your best to make them close friends. You won't regret it.
hee!! Y'all know me well
I can't wait for my sat am date with My lashes look tranny...
always wake up 1.5 hours before my alarm, naturally. old co-worker says she has a house in reno i can live in a year for free o_O
I think Drupal is too much tool for him -- I suspect Joomla is, too. He just wants an interface to edit mostly static pages.
Six Buck Chuck. DC Brau Brewing Company's 'The Corruption' IPA. Fries, and a Brownie for luck.
Oh my god. Need to get off twitter. I'm venting my feelings after watching Jenna Marble's videos. This isnt a good mix
RT : Dumervil: 4th most multiple-sack games (14) thru a player's 1st four years in NFL history.
Never give up on anything you know is worth all you have.
Had fun at level2 tonight
When are you going to be in town? I'm headed to CT at the end of April to look at wedding venues w/my sister
Bedtime is the best time..
Holy crap! Benjamin Bratt is on Private Practice!!! Is he a regular?!?!?
Quote of the Day: Need a break from shoveling.....stop in at the deli for a delicious breakfast!
I'm joining and to volunteer at PS 140 M - what will your good deed Tribute be for ?
#21 Jackson Square (tarot reading) - New Orleans, LA
Smoking really does seem to be the topic of conversation over there, doesn't it? Ya cold?
You look simply stunning :)
Anyone have a great tip to save money? Please let me know!
So so so unbelievably shitty omg i cant see straight
"Anytime in this country that we see schools that have transformed it is because of the people in the building. Teachers!" Ray McNulty
Happy Dandelion Day!
thank you! the internet is so nice to me sometimes!
Now I remember why I order things online.
So proud of my mom who graduates from university of Maryland tomorrow!
guess that's one of the newer iPhone wake up options I haven't downloaded yet!
Great work. Love the use of light.
need to what? Love your background photo! LOL
the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
Your friends look like some #Switches !
I voted and retweeted. Who took that picture?
USAA. Good stuff. If you can get it.
You deserve the best
Sports radio fans, The Truth really does exist. Just met him at McDonalds on the UofL campus
Leggo, bring Breezy on!
u gotta link 4 it?!
I know I'm crazy.. I should be out promoting my country CD now out, but I'm too distracted with trying to write songs for autism awareness.
Finally going to bed. Over did it a bit with the WoW tonight. Good night.
Why didn't you bring us chief !
FAQ #5 Boat Docking: 3 hour slip is immediately in front of the restaurant. Dock walks right up to the patio! Just call us at 414-763-1637
Pep Rally/Social tonight @ Team Thomas Headquarters 1502 Franklin Street, NE from 6:30pm - 8:30pm.
I love groundbreakings. The Yards Phase C is off and running!
oh. i forget what we were even talking about. and what do you mean anymore?
Heat cancelled they practice friday cuz Sunday they taking care of business
great day so far today, classes and such. Now for some business, and then rehearsals
Thanks 2 all who stopped by #FCANAT11 booth #707 to visit We gave out 600 Chiro kits Try our FULL line of #Sombra products today!
beats, beats, beats my dog hmu!
“: I'm told I'm supposed to be tweeting more. Here it is!” just don't start talking about your laundry here
I wonder if EKU realizes it's the 21st century and we have the wonderful invention called air conditioning. Tired of waking up dehydrated
your kids will wash dishes when they have their own apartments (maybe)
You don't know my life so don't judge me :p
If I don't follow you and you follow me and you want me to follow back. I will like seriously follow back. loool. I promise. Just ask.
Fox News: Obama's 8 billion "Quality" Bonus Plan for Medicare nothing more then a pay off for silence through the election. ,)
Seriously, this is so much more disgusting than "The Decision" D12 is disgraceful
ever hear of the cellhelmet? Half the size of that brick!
Good morning! Stay tuned for tweets from the Social Learning Summit today. Follow along via the #SLS12 hashtag.
Thanks for the welcome! Nice to meet you too.
First Zumba class at Astor Street Dance. A little unorthodox to say the least, but I think I'll be back.
This will probably be one of the last times I say this but
Fear and loathing in COS for Congressman Lamborn.
Congratulations to Gotham Screen alumnus Tate Taylor on the twin Oscar nominations for 'The Help'. We'll keep our fingers crossed...
FancyAnne ....Come chill wit a hot nigga
Ditto to you, Elijah! Thanks so much for #bashh hospitality! :)
i don't get how so many banks lost BillPay functionality at the same time... with no acceptable public explanation. Annoying.
me to!! love you!
He said Hi Liz <3 ^-^ lol
#FF The Soft Mouth Gang:
thanks babe
Must be tweet watching... As usual
America is a land where men govern, but women rule. ~ John Mason Brown
Sneak me in your bag please.
RIP Etta James -- you'll be missed!
The jets go 3-and-out...
Me right now... 2% - I'm actually trying to sleep... 98% - thinking of thousands of whys, ifs and hows.
yeah! Keep tweeting .... day will be filled w/new tweeter friends!
I think I love your blog, but I need more time with it. You appear quite accomplished. I may have questions...
should play some good rock music on Pandora to wake me up, but I can't stop playing Christmas music!!!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me.
listening , hear you loud and clear.
Hey, thanks for following!! I shall return the favor- Take Care!
Simmons College Radio!
yep well I was haha
on the what? List?
Good Tits hunting
The survival rates for ovarian cancer have changed very little over the last 40 years.
#S/O to that boy
Good morning! Can't wait till UStream tonight!! Y'all have a great day!
I also posted that video for the late Mike Melvoin,Wendy and Susannah's father.R.I.P.
I cannot bear to watch the Rodney King special. I just cannot bear to watch it, after all these years.
I have a feeling today is going to be another long day
Happy Birthday Mike! RT Happy Birthday to #17 Mike Parisi! The RHP turns 29 today!
I'm at my house and my room is spotless lololol thank you mom! Hahaha
I prefer Atlanta, but it depends. Budget? What kind of food do you guys like?
It's still before 12 so you're okay.
"I'm President Barack Obama, and I, too, want to slow jam the news."
Recommended follows now include #ALEC :-)
Thx for following!
Paul Below and Jill Matzat's GCP presentation was an interactive eye-opener. Content, delivery, education, fun: top-drawer.
Cameras are flashing as the processional begins. #LCGrad There are 500 graduates joining the scores of LC alumni today.
Happy Tuesday, #Madison!
Thanks much. Yeah, Dark Shadows was an interesting failure ... But that's about the best one can say.
Hey wanna follow our organization in Pittsburgh? We're spreading awareness about Universal Health care through local artists!
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs ?A grasshover !
Wednesday Day Crew use EMT skills
As of this moment ur racist/one sided/biased reporting has only served to heighten racial tension. You've done a disservice!
Did you know that there is going to be a Magic/Bird show on #Broadway? #Weird Hope we didn't ruin one of 2nights trivia questions.
I heard - told me, too bad I missed out but it sounds like you and the peeps had fun!
Don't ever overthink something small. You'll end up creating problems that were never there to begin with.
sorry I missed you when I was in Denver, was super busy, maybe next time. Great job again!
< took the words out my mouth
Why are you tweeting when you have 10 followers?
#RedSox - balk and a tie game!
I just watched that! So touching.
I rlly need to get my mom a mothers day gift
One big room full of fake assholes.
Way/weigh to go, Mike! Keep it up!
for real, who the hell picked this matchup for primetime
alright I'll hit u up to chill when I come bak from Orlando
While you enjoy the Hunger Games, I will be enjoying the talking, eating, drinking and shopping games with my BFF, my lovely sister!!!
Haha, you need one.
My money is on TPaw proudly accepting the nomination to lead the GOP into 2012
the ending was hard for me, too. it was honest realistic.
An OZONE ACTION ALERT is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow! Please reduce your driving and refuel in the evening. For more tips:...
When ur single all u see is happy couples and when ur in a relationship all u see is happy single people.
the draft is on and you are talking politics.. What kinda man are you?!??
As of now im starting off New Im done with Everything and Everybody that aint behind me 100%....
This is also news? RT Study confirms many of us go online for no reason: apne.ws/t1YmCJ -ldh
Thanks for the follow, Jeff. Looking forward to your updates!
I love this fan base.
you two are so cute
The BOS meeting has concluded. The meeting will be archived and available soon. What are your thoughts? Pics coming soon.
No! Why! RT : Oh no. Poor RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
Thanks hun! Pretty excited, nervous too though :) Ohh that's awesome u have the internship lined up!! What classes are u taking?
Looks like my iPad is going need to wait a few more days now for iOS 4.2. Hurry up please Apple!
Big shout out to my friends both of these guys are going to are you?
Congratulations to the 2012 Tony Award Nominees! BEST REVIVAL OF A MUSICAL: Evita, Follies, Gershwins' PorgyandBess, Jesus Christ Superstar
Cancelled tonight! too chilly.
I can bring some of my homemade mix. If I had more time I would make a new batch of bacon & foie infused bourbon
<-- follow him! Follow him & RT this and ill follow you x
Don't be that girl . Be yourself :)
Of course(: and awhh thank you, im very blessed<3
I'm so glad you've learned this new term, and that I had the full opportunity of demonstrating it.
I love when people have confidence in their products/ideas but it seems like so many are overconfident and miss the mark
Soft lips >>>
Are you guys having trouble w/ site? I'm trying to watch the latest Community ep on my laptop and it's saying not available.
According to my calculations, approximately 98 million people are engaged in the same thermodynamic improbability right now.
That awkward moment Jen you get on the bus and the driver says " that's what I'm talking about" and winks...
RT ": Idk if I did or did not give a s/o to but if I did, doing it agen S/O LOL"
it's called groups email
what is/was the paper about?
nice pick :)
I'm so excited I don't know if I can sleep! Sounds like you are having a great time. Merry Christmas!
I want to be a mega millionaire so freakin bad...
WANT A CHANCE 2 WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED TRUKFIT HAT BY LIL WAYNE HIMSELF??? SPEND $50 IN TRUKFIT & BE ENTERED N2 THE DRAWING!!
you got it
i want YOU
Stroll by during your lunch hour for a Spinach & Beet salad with a cup of Rice Soup Florentine and an Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Glad to see you back! How has life been treating you?
I NEED EVERYBODY TO GO CHECK OUT LIMOUSINE BY PRINCE HYPNO FT BO DEAL!! IM IN THE VIDEO! GO CHECK IT OUT!!! :) YOU TUBE
Follow and use #sla2010 for the latest news and to send out items before New Orleans. This account will no longer re-tweet.
i would slap you but i dont want to get slut on me
Hope everyone is having a better start to their day than I am.
Officially an academic tutor for mr. Edmonds for THIRD PERIOD. gotta love it.. :D
All day team meeting with and
For some reason you're not showing up on my TweetDeck account.
Love life and it will return the favor. :)
Enjoyed following the tweets :) Do it more often!
OH! Haha my bad cause he's got accepted to this grad school in like Chicago or something.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that you should never really trust anybody, and it showed who my real friends are.
Good hanging with you at Journey party! How you liking the rest of SXSW?
got it at the labor temple rally in madison today
Watching #Revenge on dvr, so glad this show is back!!!
Back from Burnley Baby !
Happy Easter beautiful people! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
" It is a thousand times better to have Common Sense without Education than to have Education without Common Sense. "~~~~Robert G. Ingersoll
There are plenty of spots left in our FREE pantherFILE session tomorrow morning. Registration goes through the end of today!
I think I overshot it for my pre-Thanksgiving workout... owwwww. On a brighter note, I'm getting to know how my hip flexors work.
Also Thanks to Chef Al at the organic Chef and Rosas Farm for the Grass Fed Beef and Sustainable pork 4 r Italian Sausage
Glad we're on the same page here...
I'm addicted to HGTV
all these fairytales are full of shiiiiit.
Morgans Hotel Group Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
It's Friday! We're busy working on our graphic design site and adding the #qsl pricing and info. What about you? de KB9ZLB&
Harbaugh is the best coach in the league.
Lol! I think she's pretty F*N swell. Im glad u C the means 2my madnes! *thinkin* marathon= u+me+party favors?
How's everyone doing on this fine Thursday?
My mom loves this band to much..
You didn't watch the NBA All-Star game? I am stripping you of your commish duties
Great news! Hybrid cars valet for free while staying at our hotel! RT this if you own a hybrid.
I SEE YOU DO THAT THANG WENZDAY
nice! Yeah, the new stuff is amazing. I still have a bunch WFHO Chocolate, but once I run out, I'll switch to Vega One willingly.
Ben throws Courtney off the top of the temple. Oh snap.
that is a good point. I know my girls would have a harder time with shorter more frequent deployments. All have their own pros/cons.
#Dinner made, #workout in & #shower taken. After running some #errands, its time to lay back & #chill. Come on
WELCOME......WERE WATCHING YOU
renewed your NRA membership?! You aren't a Life member?!
How did you get my photos??
me too! I was tempted to get one at chick-fil-a when I got cams breakfast!
good luck at your game tonight :)
delete demi, but
I LOVE him.
Shut the fuck up!
Focused repair lotion strips away dead skin, creates perfect environment for the Calm/Restore serum to penetrate, seal skin.
Just presented at Maya Angelou Schools Graduation w Patti Austin Common Jeff Majors. host. National Theater.
Do he know without the players he can't get paid neither
what's a twitter list? :-) Seriously no.
I plan on getting so schwasty pants this week that will be throwing up too!
I'll be at Toyota Center tomorrow for #Rockets #Kings. Since I'm 4-0 this season, Kings don't even need to show up. And, they're the Kings.
Mother Mother. Nice. Suede-ish.
It was good chillin with the homie after like 2 years. Turn up. Haha
#truckaroo & Russia House in one night probly a bad idea but...tomorrow is Saturday so what the heck.
Roseanna Vitro - 2012 Grammy Nominee - Vocal Jazz Album - The Music of Randy Newman !!!
Check out your nephew on twitter and facebook. He sure would like to hear from you!
BBQ & Water Balloons w. my whole entire family on this beautiful day <3
thanks. i apprecaite it.
What is your favorite room in your home?
is back in #chiodos !!! What!!!
Q3 would be cool to develop "bookshelf display" in HTML5 & CSS3 of all the new books the lib gets
you are on it tonight!! Love it!
I must briefly mention that Two Broke Girls though a horribly uncreative show name is actually a very funny, clever, current piece of work
is also the first amazing sponsor for the are you following us Scott?
If its not one thing it's another
Working it!!!
I guess I missed you? Gonna start running towards temescal in a minute
Where da haters at??????
I love kids and care about their safety, but I freaking cant stand school zones.
Announcing the winner tomorrow! Dont forget to hit the "Like" button for a chance to win $70 worth of free jewelry www.lebury.com
Playing in the rain > everything.
Please follow
We all manage to be in our backyard for mothers day! Happy mothers day everyone!
do you ever eat any of the baked goods/food that fans give you?
If you didn't know, I'm a practicing vegetarian...which means I practice being vegetarian, but find some way to consume meat weekly. O_o
i don't find black lipstick attractive.
aww that's awesome :)
The dream of the '90s is alive!
I can't make you heart feel something that it won't...
Have to say I really hate my electric weed eater. Batteries went to crap the first year. Maybe mowers fair better?
if they don't have boobies, they aren't
nice guys are faggots
Chi-town REPRESENT! I'm from Wheaton :)
Final week of the semester. Lots to do--class dinners, final speeches, grading, and more. Make it a good week, everyone! :)
can't decide which we're enjoying more: our pesto chicken paradise from or all the summer intern eye candy walking by on 6th ave.
a lot of thought goes into my choices. i dont rush into things.
same to you ~ pleasure to meet you both, book lovers!
Wouldn't they give out an "aye" instead of an "A"? :-)
Fun to see on
Rt! I am bummed I missed the opening. Had a photo shoot 12-6:( I will stop in 2 day
i have to go to the hood :O
You got away now...but god sees everything...
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
"rm -rf /" would be a good one.
I said I wasn't gettin out of bed this weekend but I am thinkin about going to office to do some work...what's wrong with me!
Seems as if student edcafe sessions could work around standards or essential questions like guided inquiry.
k sounds great thanks !
RT : My boss just told me I could wear my pink heels to work. #win {wait....since when are you wearing heels? haha ;) }
. Hi. We are looking for an in house web designer in McKinney, TX
Yep...and who knows about the Big East! Too much...just like technology sometimes!
Tomorrow comes to take me away...
Back from rehearsal. Got another brand new tune under our belt we'll be debuting at Big Easy on Friday night called Simon Pure.
Nicely said congrats you've earned it.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - Adkreator Review - Landing Page Template
Congrats on the new gig! Sorry, though, to see you go. CSPAN's lucky to have you.
Miss California might be MISS USA .... but MISSUZ SNIDER says it's time to go to bed !!!! Good night .....
No, afriaid not! But I'm looking fwd to being wtih you all at !!
RT : black boys > any other race
Today in one of my class I told my friend to watch Golden White by they are a fan now! So now you have new fans! Team threezy!
The suspense waiting for to HOPEFULLY see my dm is killing me :( I hope he sees it <3
The risingsun now shone on the cliff and they could see the windows, the shuttersof which were closed, through the curtains of foliage
Hope your time here was great! It was very nice meeting you
Exactly, he is a president, not a preacher and he has to America pleasant for everyone.
we lost our part time school nurse. well, she use to be full time, until scooter became governor. she quit to find a full time job.
i just voted for you! :)
“: “: Everything I rock is made by except for my hair an shoes!!!!” loyal”
": Episode 1 Season 4 did not disappoint! #BreakingBad" not at all! That was intense!
Everyday keeps getting better...I must hit the gym today but I am thinking I must also hit the Beach mid to high 80s fo-real...Happiness is!
damn him .. we're officially done w/ him ^_^
nah, FOR RT : What did you score on the wonderlic test? 3? You ain't shit RT : I been n the bed for today's!!
Fuck this headache!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
You gotta tell me Thursday if The Pitch is any good.
RT Today my horoscope said to begin a healthier life including diet and exercise. Crazy... Cuz that was my plan anyways.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 3
Going around the lake with mom.^~~^
I'm checking out of further participation in the #yotba comments, but will keep reading. Congrats to for sparking so much discussion.
well, that's a given.
In adult school -.-
Is so hot out here
just smoked up and #swa666 [ASTR]
MHM! #TeamPuroPinchiAries RT #Aries not only talks the talk they build the path to walk the walk.
Thanks Nicole!! Hey there Snarky Puppy! Hook a couple of radio hosts up, please! We love what you're doing!
LOL RT This chick has more flashbacks than a Vietnam vet
keep using TOUT. I dig it. Son has JV Football at 5:30 in Frisco. Think it's gonna happen?
just had a full on conversation with my mum about pubic hair, normal
Yum!! how fast can you get some over to me? LOL
Haha! Tell her if she doesnt sign in the world will end! Lmfao!
best plan ever. but AFTER the wedding, please, so I fit into my dress!
My pleasure RT : Thank you
Lemonade makes me Happy
Remember the names, see the patterns #nerdland:
Hi sweetie! I hope you are having a wonderful sleep.
Any time!
But I still dont think the Steelers will pay his asking price..His agent wants 120 mil
apparently in china, today is the birthday for all dogs #lovugizmo woof
what tweet up? Who what where when and why? Can i come?
Sometimes you need to say fuck everyone && do for you. You only have God by your side at the end of the day....
that was eighth grade nigga
yea...im pissed off...i havent eaten since 10...im starving..
Chicago baby!
Lakers did hella bad today but they can do better nxt time tho
In other news - I have a corneal abrasion. Definitely not as cool as it sounds.
Where is the old you? The one I used to talk to.
Out-walked the bus to work. Thanks to the warm weather, Wilco's motivational tunes and the CTA bus tracker for telling me it would be late.
Well look at you, miss Twitter thang! They ALWAYS need dresses and dolls. When will I get to see your happy face again?
haha! so what you doing over the weekened!
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness. Jackson Brown
hey your Peyton's friend! :^D since Peyton follows me, maybe you might follow me too? ;^)
And I forgot to eat.
Very cute. What's his/her name? :)
Rotary is HUGE on an international scale some Rotary Clubs in Bangalore India have their own buildings! But we heart
Rib-bayou? Rib-iero? Rib-a-riverdance?
Miley and Demi on one stage...... CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT!!
Duck pin bowling with the fam... Ellie won.
Wait , where is my cat ?
"Cuz I'm a karate man, alright? Karate man bruise on the inside..." #tradingplaces This movie is always good.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
feeling like you're driving home in a monsoon.. not fun
For those unsure, the answer to yesterday's trivia question is Belgium! Belgium boasts more than 400 individual brands!
loading up some new Metric for you round 12:15
Thankss follow us back!! and be sure to like us on facebook! help us spread the word
my family is fine.... When is your kid coming into the world?
Make Kony famous! Help save the children!
including watching him get burned for 5 touchdowns.
Like when u allow cats to be called ochocinco. U really think championship teams rock with a player legally named ochocinco?
I love you. Lol. I just work 8-12 hours for the past 3 days. No biggie.
The "We Will Survive" show will be AMAZING -- what a great collection of work from some of Vegas' best artists! "Sneak Peek" Fri, 9/23 7p
NYS test. Hate those.
Sometimes u gotta ignore tha world n listen 2 your inner self ~Peace & Luv!!!~
Writing to a track
not feeling all this shit
I hate when that happens, they better not try to speak to you!
isn't there art & science in both lesson design and delivery?
OMG I AM !!! I CANT WAIT #MahoneToLA (: PLEASE FOLLOW ME <33
agree with this. big swings back and forth make it hard for everyone to adapt for the long run.
The worst thing about today is tomorrow is only Wednesday.
Fuck evan turner
I'm sorry but our egifts expire after 12 months so there is nothing we can do.
Have you been? You may have just chosen my next vacation :)
Waiting to watch #Cats for the second time!!(:(:
Finally submitted 's project for the first Haitian Creole OpenStreetMap book, now to wait for approval=)
Gave final exam tonight. When I left it was dusk and the air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle.
Stevie Nicks kicked ass today on she is awsome
Don't say you love me unless you really mean it. Because I might do something really crazy like believe it.
no, you never piss me off. you're my best friend and i love you
Zimmerman's appropriation of the American flag is unsettling; he is clearly making a dog whistle to white reactionaries and nativists.
I'm a little unclear what it is you are referring to...? I don't recall "slamming" anything.
What's that? Sean decided to tweet a 2nd time in the month since he decided he needed to tweet more?
rofl! It's okay xD I wanna go next time they play at a lounge or something! We all should
upon my second viewing of Inception i must admit that it may be the best movie I've ever seen
Voldemort's perspective: Even if you don't put all your eggs in one basket, annoying teenagers can break them all.
1 more week to enjoy our new special: 2 slices pizza, any 1 topping/slice, your choice, & sm drink for $5+tax!
I'm sure you've probably got me beat!
Anybody know of a great writers residency in France, Spain or Italy? Looking to go this spring or summer! Fellowship would be nice...
come over bear and lets be motivated together! Pool parties are right around tha corner!
; fuck it not going too sleep.
"I am the shield that guards the realm of men" -knights watch pledge
I tried 3 different things and they all sucked in special ways. Went with zoho because at least configuring mail worked
RT I never wore a snapback and probably never will <----- You're missing out on one of life's hidden treasures... smh.
The cross becomes Christ's pulpit. Ponder his crucifixion sermons with us throughout this season of Lent. Share your thoughts with us.
it's been a pretty wonderful day if i must say so myself :) God is so good..always
congrats! Really outstanding. Should be a great fit.
As I was sitting on my flight, I told the window sitter "Morning!" His response: "Unbelievable." So, I'm either attractive or repulsive.
I forgot to say I was off today. My supervisor is going to kill me. Idk what to do!
at the gannet/USA today building in McLean
Back in the 614. Finally!
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
Today is one of the few days that I start to see Arizona's point - daylight savings is the worst.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into. ~Ansel Adams
Playing Thursday at Manhattans. Not in Manhattan but Toledo, Ohio. 6-9pm. Pete Ford & Jason Quick. Fun!
we can help you get all 10 fingers in the mix.
RT : wait which one is the Karen Carpenter biopic, Hunger Games or Game of Thrones?
Looks great! Can't wait to read it.
Ha! It's funny because it's true. Like Picasso witht he 10-15 foot jumpers.
Also, not upset. Just got SO many tweets abt chihuahua while in meetings today. Will take dog but working on lots of others too.
You have an iPhone, feel free to use emoji at any time now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thx Mary! Spending time with loved ones is good for the soul :)
#MyCelebCrushIs Christian Bale.... Don't judge me I like Sharp teeth
Real eyez, realize, real lies
Seek what you want. Not what you don't. If you don't know what you want then you'll just be distracted by the things you don't.
ohh kool(: were doing a play... and I'm helping write it
Ready to go home
Pretty tired.
there was nothing I could do to make a drastic improvement so I just accepted it and focused on what to work on for next year..
ok Tex hits a home run every time against Bard
": Lol everybody either Heat or Thunder fans smh #bandwagons" people wanna be associated with winners...
I like your thinking buddy. We are on the same page!
played a song by on
Thank you for your support !
this week should go by fast
That cali bud the best though!
cause your retarded maybe?
WHAT HAPPENED TO SUNDAY? Where was I yesterday? I remember, let's see, WHERE WAS I?
Hate the chicks that call ur man 4 relationship advice.
Yeah, sadly, no matter how well done, the best part of the experience of theatre will be lost..
that was exactly what I was thinking
youre so amazing on pretty little liars... I'm so happy you have a twitter now! Loved last nights show(:
shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever!
I love all these #target princess pictures :) haha and how I reaffirmed your love of them <3
Professor Barnhurst also organizes the Political Communication Graduate Student Pre-conference at ICA 11
Thanks for the like, Lukas Meier!
The Grammys last night was amazing!
It's going to be a wonderful year.
God speed Derrick #Rose. Out for 8-12 months. ACL injuries are never good.
How is it they can make Ho-Ho's and Twinkies last 12 years, but every time I need putty everything is completely dried up? HFCS in putty! ;)
forever and always. (;
“: Today's weather gets us in the mood for local food! #farmersmarket” We can't wait for May!
I can not stop thinking about you <U+2665>
Tom McNutt retiring from NBC4. My Saturdays will never be the same. Last show this week.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Dear magical fairies that pop up and clean messes.... where the hell are you?
I was kinda disappointed when that turned out to be a chipotle ad.
Big lunch 2day. Spicy tofu, veggies, brown rice and tofu/veggie soup WITH those crispy noodles. Moderation is key! Light dinner 2nite. NOM!
#Didyouknow Earth is the only planet not named after a god
who use those any more
omg. you are by far the coolest cat that I know.
lmao yes i do ;D
Watching 'Gladiator' (again) and loving everything about the epic tale. If Maximus were a CEO today, who would he / she be?
I hope I go into a coma and create this universe in my head.
But Where, when, and how????
Have you heard of them before just now when I started talking about them?
How are you a rapper and you can't spell?
is this in church? Lol.
Happy birthday brain and tell angel that I'm sorry her mom past away :( at least I think so
RT Stand up for what you believe in even if it means you have to stand alone
Cooking Huevos Rancheros for dinner tonight! :-D
Thanks again to everyone for tuning in to tonight's YOBI Live show!
i changed erik to md news ( erik ).
I love your picture! :D I miss that day so much!
It's off! Energy guilt got the best of me
what sounds or what would u hear if u were stroll through a monster girl's head? Chickens or crickets?
why do you follow rockforlife?!
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Thinking about hitting va up this weekend :)
. for Android keeps crashing for me. Fun times.
I will! Thanks for both the mention and the link.
will u follow me bck? I mean if u want too.
Ppl watching @ the airport. Everyone looks so damn angry.
Things can only go so bad for so long but eventually get better. It's kinda like the J-curve effect in economics.
It isn't mainstream when we all talk about it and reference it and focus on it?
no idea, sorry! British folks have lots of problems with the English language, e.g. colour, practise, etc.
do u get a lot of questions like this? Your reply is right on. Enjoy your break.
#tool behind me, no one cares that you can bench 250, that you're 2% black, or that you met some hot high school chick at the orthodontist.
when i try to take a picture of my dog and he keeps moving <<<<<
Ta'amu! Yes peace out Casey Hampton
"I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be s…
ur a boy? Ur might be cute!
Glad u liked SMWbranding panel! EMAIL me if you'd like to hear about my BRITE conference, etc.
RT : "Knowledge is power. And engaging globally is important to each and every one of us." #ProFellows keynote
Turkish Delightening Seeds
Good to hear!
Little Debbie might be an option. Looking forward to seeing Ep. 1!!
Happy new year dc!
Seeing Chimpanzee with and later.
RT : What do you value about #meeting face-to-face?
Five more pages left...? Ugh.
Hey, still waiting on those papers.
I'll take a Mormon over a Muslim any day! And if you don't think he's a Muslim, you're a fucking idiot!!
Oh. Ohkay. I didn't get it at first. It sucks Dx but we didn't do a mile today. c:
I got another one coming
Participating in Participatory Design workshop today.
I lost my star of David necklace... <U+E23E><U+E421>
I only watch Wendy Williams for the hot topics .
Had a pork bun at The Slanted Door. Nothing compares to the pork buns at Momofuku.
i was mad af. you dont even know my life. Or what happened to me.
now following
yeah I just been super busy and now with the renovations its been even more impossible to make any videos but I will asap!
lol love u Carlos!!!
It's lovely bobbing along, bobbing along, on the bottom of the beautiful briney sea
RT : So great spending time in NYC with Big things ahead!
we've been getting a ton of press. it's pretty amazing.
I'm sorry to hear that. I always liked that it made me feel like I was watching or listening to those games through Twitter,
True...I could be you out on the I-8!
Love this weather.
Hilary Fordwich - hug a client today - take genuine interest, make interaction about them, not your company
The new bf's birthday. He wanted to lay low and chill. Drive thru FTW!
Follow back babe? :)
Owen Wilson has played Owen Wilson to death.
Nice portfolio!
27 days left of school
Thank You Tim for picking Jets. now i'm going bed.
It is so very bizarre to, not only be Facebook friends with your teachers from grade school, but to also watch then talk to each other.
VP Biden: "Romney Rule" is 2 double dwn on Bush tax cuts.
Good morning titter followers!
Man auditions next week... Do I want to do this?
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
The state of exhaustion I'm in right now is unreal. I'm really supposed to work right now?
Have a great day Trisha- and NO more texting while driving ok? Chef Chuck
When boys call you beautiful, gorgeous, pretty, etc >
GREAT idea! I had no idea moved to SF! This is so exciting. When did you move?!
M such a good day, i love being covered with dog pee <3
Mike Brown said Drew and it took me a second to figure out who he was taking about.
we just saw him in the WB Mason commercial and got so excited!
Orlando florida thats wer i want to go
yes, please!!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Thanks ! I am excited to be among such nice people.
Agreed that earthquake was awesome. HOWEVER, not looking forward to being in this #hurricane. Be safe!
And I proved my love by buying nothing more than a (lovely) $4 photo from a second-hand store.
Register to vote today!
you've got to be using iPad? Or can you really draw that small?
Nach all night...wanna nach all night?!
There WAS a lot 2 love about the scene. Ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on. Beautiful. That's what life should be for every1.
I always knew they never had no common sense
You have legal questions? We have answers. Give us a call on the DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO 1800-329-5858 or 407-290-0058
well looks like that's me. How bout a chance to be on the show That's bad ass. Sounds like a good plan lookin to hear from ya
Getting concert tickets lol you?
Don't trust who says she'll do Indianaw/ me if I sign up. That's what she said about mini marathon.
I wish these guys would go away.
They said money is the motive well....atleast until they found out the value of a dollar
I'm down! I'll just go straight over there after the bus.
Can't forget to thank either.
Looks amazing Joe!
I wish I wasn't so short. Or I need someone who can lift me onto their shoulders.
some reason my messaging isn't working. Email me at
Going to see the HUNGER GAMES soon!!!!! :-)
is spitting image & acts exactly like their pops !! But they r also naturally athletic like !
Events this weekend lined up - booked and busy even when I'm not in town !
What a joke! I've gotta say I'm disappointed in the justice system right now! Conrad Murray should be sitting in a jail cell!
says who?
Kevin Lerner is addressing the #journalists now. Follow him
": Vesta Williams died last night. My heart hurts." Wow. That makes me sad too.
to ass to bed nigga
Glad to see you have all the facts. How you still get paid to do what you do shocks me.....your bias is obvious.
“: Friends be sure to follow my brilliant friend <--- cc: ” done!
done,mind to followback?
haha it was my goal for the day!!
Good to finally be home! Maan, I tweeted so much today - my fingers hurt!
you better its your bday Carlo!
yeaa I can see that lol!
For ep. 2 of the Bridge podcast, look forward to hearing me becoming sentient
follow me please it would make my day 10x better
Off to workout some legs!
Mrs. Lashley was a dear, sweet person who belived in the power of prayer and in life everlasting. May she rest in peace. 1916-2011
Coach Urban Meyer has opened Sat's practice to students, faculty & staff at Ohio Stadium, 10:45a! Admission is FREE. Will you be there?
if there's one thing ive learned in the last several years its how to fake a smile :/
The Harley Davidson Tent Event will be 4-star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Flying to Seattle to get ready to walk starting Tuesday. Everything is happening so fast now!
CORRECTION! : The median NET WORTH for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for white counterparts.
Hollwood always tryna ruin a good thing for their profit.
Fouls are part of Faried's style
There are a whole lot of phone numbers on my arm: #MayDay in alliance with all those who suffer under #settler #colonial occupation and war!
1807 Orders in Council forbade any ships trading in Europe w/o first going through a British port. Also had to have a British license.
he looks like he has never been within 5 feet of a horse
Local tennis column: Deadline nearing City of Naples Tennis Championships
I told my dad that this is the game JR will go off.... he's 4-4 from 3pt land thus far.
Back to working on the site again today. Its up but needs lots more work and content. www.myhelpfullinks.info
21 year old Heart Transplant recipient tells her story. RT: : thanks for sharing that story.”
i love u too
Did u know that it is national park week? FREE admission to all state parks for families! Hike, take in the weather, & enjoy a picnic!
there's like 5 days, they should do
if your talking to me Mike, your off by a bunch LOL
. I might be able to make it know.
Jazz dance class, yoga, hiking up a canyon then jazz class again. its 2.45am ... I think I should be sleeping!
"You can turn off the sun, but i'm still gonna shine!" (:
have my email then?
looking forward to seeing you in Boston! I haven't missed a show of yours YET (in Boston) and this time is no different!
Friday where's the ladies
Jane Anne (Ohrin) Trachte 1962-2012 - A beautiful person whose mind would not let her free. Rest now. I love you.
New shit cooming to ya real soon
Hello teweeters goodnight
That's it: I must have bacon. Now.
So im in the apple store on one of the display phones.
Spaceships won't understand
I missed you then, but fuck you now.
Woosters Grove is cancelled due to weather! Sorry to those planning to come but yes its off :'(
ah...ok... I'm a fan of healthy bowels on people. 5 prunes a day will keep everything happy and healthy.
ELECT PAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
that's what I thought!
Nichols: opposition to taking action on climate change is rooted in it being too exoensive
Late Night to Early Morning "Grinding"
Looks like you had a better day than us. Hope you watch on Sunday!!!
Smaller crowd than Sunday's at Hermita de la Caridad to watch #PapaCuba on big screen, reports our columnist #Daniel Shoer Roth
WHERE IS ROBERT!?
The Midwest's Alabama.
yes! Pie loves champagne! Did that come from ? Best. Friday. Ever.
People gone tlk bout you until the day you die might as well give them something to tlk about !
Haters ago hate
MNF (Go Saints) and Capitals Hockey. Ovie injured :( but Caps win :) I <3 Mondays. And to Kelly: Hurray! Love you cutie. All better now!! :)
Trimmed my those not following me back list down like 160.. Kinda sad. A lot of em are fans like me
i got in trouble today bout my home boy my bestie my brother nd for nothing OMB it sucks
That awkward moment when you lock your keys in your car at house lawl
A friend will actually unfriend for something just because your boring! I dont care of being boring or not!! -_-
Oh look at the time .. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
it's so funny! Hahah
Any occult tobacciana enthusiasts?
Just wish he would talk two me n understand where I come from but yet he just keeps breakinq promises.!
400th page like gets a present from LP....
Its been an amazing year. Thank you for letting the fans enjoy the ride with you.
So can we finish, what we started. Don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight.
"Oh look! Taste of India!" - my dad and I at the exact same time.
If any of the Boyz ever notice me, oh my Fusco. I will be jumping off the walls. You don't even know. XD
Is it me or does Chris Berman sound more like Fred Flinstone every time I tune into ESPN?
May 17th in front of DOWNTOWN SCREEN PRINTING and May 19th... secret show. Ask and we'll tell you where and when!
I swear I can't sleep right now this is gonna suck
learning something new everyday. Apio, a celery root dish favored in the Jewish Heritage
I couldn't have put it any better.. I'm so frustrated with blazers.. And tonight is a joke also... Every game is a joke.. CHANGE!
Marlo and Shree both soUnded and looked STUPID
Wondering if there's a way to add or recommend words to be added to the Kindle onboard dictionary.
All things #google really suck today
GoandDo: Wine at the Whit and Seacoast AIDS Walk
and i have a fan mail address! send us something. (: ---> PO BOX 1766, Studio City, Los Angeles, CA 91614. #WeLoveYouAll...<U+2665>
I wish you would follow me my wish will never come true but I will always still be a mahomie<3&hope you have a wonderful day:D
coming to Florida anytime soon?! D; haha
Yeah I have a facebook look on my page the link is there.
wishes she could see some pop n lockin right now,
Looks like we fixed the the random resets on Black Rose last night at The Standard.
American Ninja Warrior live @ Venice Beach. I'm ringside baby!
We're a band with free music. Check out sinatradc.bandcamp.com ! Tell me what you think.
No. Insanity is usually 40+ minutes. Not longer than an hour though.
At #CLE Indians game w/ and , our kids and others.
one of those press on tattos
what college u go to??
Thinking in the shower
omg why would you say that?
Idc If Prince Can Sing Or Not I Would Still Want Him To Sing To Me <3
Umm.... I banged #oomf in my dorms hallway by the water fountin while ppl was on the floor.
O GOD JESUS BE WIT THEM.
Austin Sarat we should nourish the oonditions under which #civility is possible
I can't help but wait....
Smh I Knew She was A Lier Lmao Now She See Y i act Fake Towards Her : ))))
Gotta Love It - Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco de Mayo Day !! #latism via
I guess I met you for a reason only time can tell :) - j cole
Sometimes you gamble on a fart and lose.
Kentucky Derby > Cinco De Mayo > Orlando Magic Playoff Game
i'm suspended for thirty days,yeah i checked out your site.i liked your hoodcashent fb page.
omg! Minnesota gets so cold during winter! This was my first Christmas without snow! Haha
oh.. yall are cute, the tweets=so flirting :) hahaha. its always fun to date a friend.:)
Awesome! That's what we love to hear!
I didn't expect Ruby's regex comparison operator to work in PHP, but I also didn't expect this: $str = 'foo'; $str =~ '/f/'; >> '<U+0419>?'
im assuming you made that tweet bc I was talking about Pokemon? lol I also dont know very many females who like it.
the photos I have tweeted while once appearing in my user gallery are no longer there...some i can't even view from past tweets
Yum! Sounds like a fun work outing. What flavors did you all try?
once again. the firefighter program at my esculea...ahh thnx for the good lookin faces i get to c
Great weekend with my boy Jacob. Good to see shake the cobwebs out, I'll post a video of her helmet cam later tonight.
I would Love to come host your NEXT EVENT!
Whatever you do in life make sure you don't settle for less than what you want!!!
I<U+E022>U!! Both!!! Thanks for all the fun and for everything you've done for me.<U+E418>
Aww. Thanks buddy! I can give you a ride to the hospital after!
JEN jam session happened. Played 2 tunes, & was usurped by a bus load of musicians. It was nice while it lasted. Nite-nite!
& marketing $$$ RT : I think #RBNY is more or less past the point of needing names for attendance. They need wins
I'm proud to share the wonders of :D
Still no tweet from :(
aaaammm not quite understand but thanks for the invitation :)<U+2665>
"this is baseball not foul ball"
such a tragedy!! I tell you, there are students sitting in the fountains!
Need one person to help choose winner for tickets to Sugarland! First to comment gets to help. Choose a number between 1-63! 1, 2, 3, ...GO!
I ent mind losing $2M on the buyout. Zids is become a bigger trainweck each game!
Filtyh McNastys in the studios now!
Overachiever! Dang.
RT : Powerful session A true human potential accelerator. Thx for bringing NEI Grantees here.
s/o to dope producer!
Miss you Portland. I've since moved to Indy and I'd love to keep you guys in my life. or Anne Yeager Fox 59. Tell me what's up
"I can't teach. I'm a professor!" I never thought futurama could be so right!
Thanks to the folks I'm headed to the Cancer for College charity dinner with Will Ferrell tonight, looking forward to it!
one year ago I lost my father. today, I have the greatest family and friends to be more than #grateful for. miss you dad, thank you <3
I'm beyond annoyed. #CanIBeHonestWithYou you suck.
If u can't walk a mile in my shoes u can't say shyt about wat I do
azealia banks rocks my world
One word going through my head all day. I think you can put the puzzle pieces together.
thanks for the Opportunity to work with you!
yes it's true I walked out of target last night I'm over that place
Y'all confuse the shit out of my with your song lyric tweets sometimes.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. - dr. seuss
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder & Mushroom Barley
No, I will not but we should still chat sometime. :)
Still motivated tho. Make shit happen.
Who are your alls derby picks?
nicely done I hope enjoyed his surprise treat! Same goes to you - let me know of you're ever in Boston.
So the has it's own "verified" Twitter account? I find that interesting.
Just saw a guy stumbling through the streets of Guadalupe pumping his fist in the air while drinking a Four Loko.
#obamaFirsts - first president to throw like a girl
#futureready is our North Star---we may never reach it but its worth aiming for
and to show the beauty in the city! "50-50 of both sides"
I have not. I take it you recommend it? I'll have to download it. Thx :)
Who doesn't love the sound of bacon in a frying pan?
“: Dear hoodies & sweat pants, thank you for being there for me. Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it.”
I asked Dad how much he loved me and he goes "Hell I don't know."
FYI- To All ABSOLUTLY NATIVE! Party Goers. The entrane to Warehouse Loft is on 4th and Penn Street. NE
Haha I hear ya! You already know where you rank RT Josh Hamilton. Hot. #imstillachick : Josh Hamilton. Ridiculous
#RUS v #CZE Russia still undefeated!
I had NO idea you could incorporate smugmug into the website like that!
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you
Good morning #BCEagles fans and players - we up for a win today?
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what they’re thinking
Today sleeping, cleaning, eating, tomorrow back to work...Looking for a home for our business'. Do you have perfect Fleamarket building???
You are ridiculous, stfu. Please.
1 week from today!
hey babe<3
Congrats again to Bob Aldridge on a #grammy win for Elmer Gantry!
Try eating some carbs and cut back slowly, if you cut back slowly your body can go through withdrawal slightly. Take your time
thanks for the shout out!
If you have social media marketing experience, then Talkbiznow would like to talk with you. Sign up and contact us.
happy sweatin' , be greatful for the movement party. :)
Going to six flags!
You know when your sleeping and its all dark, and you look at your phone and the light hurts your eyes >.<
I like your length and volume. I don't recall seeing your hair wavy before.
Applying for opportunities I've always been too scared/blocked to apply for in the past is exiting and exhausting! Makes my heart...
Nice! What did you think of the show?
hahaha I was sleep
follow my new account
Happy Hour! 4 to 7pm! $3 rails, $3 select drafts, $3 house wine. Come on in and get a brick oven pizza and a pint!
seriously so many things have gone down in the last 2 months. I have A LOT to fill you in on! Next week?
It may be the nature of the institution. It begats an attitude of confrontation and competition. Move on, young librarian.
You still coming tonight? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
I need to get more in touch with myself. Maybe then I can get closer with the people around me.
The bank guy opening my account right now is fucking cute.
Standards bodies seem to have mixed success. OAuth plus SAML plus JSON is one interim solution
Powwwwww shout out to
Thanks, Erin! You rock!
First breath after coma...
beautiful, balmy, autumn day...
Whatching "The Stupids" what a movie!!!
oh my god Kaleena I miss you love <3
Been free-balling for a week, even during graduation.
I'm excited for those balls too!
great meeting you all as well! Good to see others brothers going after their dream!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!
Will "Margin Call," like "Wall Street," entice a new generation to seek careers in finance, contrary to filmmakers' expectations?
Im glad i haven't seen anymore planking
Twitter should know by now that we're both awesome.
Maya Rudolph just added 10 years when she got dressed. Maybe 20.
On fire with rolling my r's today. Vamos a discutir "No oyes ladrar los perrrrrros".
I thought that was just a strange dream... RT Hey remember Hockey? That was weird.
Listening to Cake before the Getting Things Done session - chair-dancing galore!
#modeling today at ingram park mall San Antonio T.X first show at 6:00pm 2nd show @ 7:00pm
Great to connect with the Divas!
#njdevils hockey against their bitter rivals. Going to be so fucking intense tonight
Creepy I just sent the email about the cap and you shoot me a tweet. Are you spying on me? ;)
RT : "Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believe"~Oprah Winfrey
I want the kids to maintain confidence & rhythm, to be in what I call "ready-to-play". I need to trust they'll do the job. -Phil Jackson
Excited for my day off. I love listening to records but ready to get caught up on my POD Casts. Also about to listen to :-)
Come celebrate our 5th year anniversary with us at The Tuesday Blend tonight!
Dont worry my husband does it too. When i tweet about and the avs.
dang boy!!!! I get out the 24th :(
I'm afraid to sleep by myself tonight ;0.
Really digging Think Ink App from & It's like floaties for your voyage into the ocean of color palettes.
Recording of our debut full length album begins tomorrow at Nytemare Studios! Get ready for some sick new tracks in the coming months!
EMS Grind rocks when is working! RT “: EMS--no ones ever there!”
So excited for today... why? just because!!! :)~
Everyone at work has beautiful calendars from their alma mater, but I can't find one for My cubicle looks deprived.
RT Going to #sls12 is the only reason I'd step into SIS.
I wish I knew!
"I think of all poetic theories as being mere tools for the writing of a poem." -Jorge Luis Borges
just saw the updates throughout the game. You are an even smarter man than I had first realized. Thank you for the love
I'm taking a much needed break from marketing and work in general....consider me on vacation for the next 3 weeks!!!!
Soup pitched great!
Srutututu, TWEET ME <U+2665>
It's time to set up sum things In The studio before things get to crazy!
Got my workout done. Thought I'd relax rest of night. Forgot about a board meeting tonight. Crap.
Don't worry about how somebody else live there life. Worry about how you live your own.
Draw me a smiley face, simple (:
Yeah, someone pointed that out, I misread the quote.
Same issue for a month now--can't download archive. See ticket #40384. Frustrated as we're paying for this service...
Blah fucking blah
Ok, so me snowboarding in Tahoe for 10 years and comparing with today's run... Mount Charleston in Las Vegas DOES NOT SUCK!!!!!!!
RT High school should have a 40 second shot clock
Omaha's downtown scene has a lot of potential. It will be interesting to see it 10 or 15 years from now
US venture capitalists, on the other hand, want to create monopolies and our legal system supports that.
My friend put on her status " when I'm with him,he makes my days" & I'm like me too.. Lmao
I HAVE NO FRIENDS.
Hunger Games w/ + book club ladies (AND ) tonight! i love tween movie opening nights, so much fun
Your Welcome
#ThingsMyBestfriendDoes try's to kill me
can't hurt for anyone with an "ethnic" surname. they'll appreciate not having to do a broken English check and feeling racist.
#Bored -_- Followers ?
NO ONE TO FOLLOW THAN FOLLOW ME!!!!!
no it's true. U just don't remember cus u have to be awake for so long to remember.
Off to Wright Beverages in Watkins Glen for a tasting from 3-6. Come down and say hi.
so pumped! Keep it up Girl - you can be next!
Hurricane Neavling strikes Detroit.
And with that, the BCG era at UK gets even uglier. Good job Michael Porter, you scumbag.
We like it! RT : Interested in nonprofit related issues in LA #NPLA = Nonprofit Los Angeles.
Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining, like a star that can't wait for the night.
Hearing my co-workers stories makes me thankful I have
Book a Passion Party!www.katespassionparties.com Want to be a consultant?Join my team!WE ARE NATIONWIDE . Free mini vacation
RT : Blake usually hit that 3 , shit it just wasn't meant .
Baby girl is sleepin, just had some food, and now I'm about to get in the shower and go to bed with my bebeh. (:
Advice to law students: when taking exams- read the word count prompt very carefully! And don't point out potential torts to your friends!
Wow...how dumb is that question?
Bynum needs to stop fading away in the paint.
That number is only going up once those gays get the right to marry. Weren't the Fifties grand?
Thanks so much for the RT tonight..gr8t chat!!
are you all touring?
was hiding a store from us.. I can finally get the botas without ordering them online ^.^
You could only believe THAT story if you were there!
Ha I agree with Rachel...have to see how long I can make it! Let's do patio at 5-ish.
almost lunch time and then off the desk for the rest of the day. hooray!
The revolution must be of the heart, you must change & evolve into the person you was born to be!
Cats didn't seem to care about fireworks, even those in our neighborhood at 10:30pm. Lucky cats.
no we can still resign We need to resign him
i hate everyone -.-
Ha! Just another day in #Manhattan, right Rachel?
I love you so much!<3 {please follow me back} :)
Yup yup yup. I'd never go back to the old way. I may use up any refund on the prep fee, but it reclaims Mar+April.
Political consultant: "It's not my job to tell you the truth, its my job to win." Mildly disappointing but refreshingly honest
I love waiting 15 minutes for my drink at starbucks. Oh wait, no I don't.
It's too bad you can’t photoshop your ugly personality.
app happy to have this for iphone, but doesn't play well (quits) with two library cards listed (mult co) what to do?
Tillett: How does the CISO manage mobile threats and Bring Your Own Device?
The dude was frustrated. What is not a better way to get rid of it then to beam a guy you think cheated, it was intentional...
We're giving away 5 tix to see the Haitian dance company #Ayikodans on May 22nd!! www.arshtcenter.org/tickets/calendar/view.aspx?id=9589
Where do retired pigs go for warm weather? The tropigs!
and I love you TOO!! <3
Chris rocker is the man thanks for the school tour and supporting all the upcoming artist
I do not really managed artists unless they really dope fam! Where you from? What do you do?
That's messed up... imagine being that person pronounced dead and reading people mourn your death on twitter! lol...
I hope you enjoyed your day off?
Someone from the Dept. of Defense visited my site. In other words, blame my essays if someone working on national security fell asleep.
Eat. Drink. Fight. Fuck. Smoke. Regret nothing.
Got a new avatar! Now who mad?!!!!
God morning! I'm pissed I dropped my phone and its acting up smh
America. Best Country. Worst Cheese.
God knows I will try to sweep her off her feet. She's got to want to be swept tho :)
RT At roundtable for japan tsumami. State groups say radiation to alaska is not likely. Also salmon are safe.
Funny that Denverites relishing in Carmelo's playoff FAILS (year/career), &ignore that they embrace Peyton, who is in same boat!
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: The Nike Mucurial Vapor - Prewrap-Underarmour sports bra # 14 forward was running great today.
what time is Margarita Monday
looking closer to 10:45, running late! :)
What you put into the process of freeing your mind and life from stress, you will get out of it.
": "I shall think no fearful thought, speak no fearful word, give away no fearful act. I belong to faith." - Yes!
“: its a party its a party its partay” at Greenhill??? No way...
If I could make that call, you would be in! I will certainly pass the request on!
thank you!
would say that class kicked my a**, but that wouldn't be fair to all my other muscles that hurt too.
nice to finally meet in person. is happy to host your #riseaustin session. Have fun!
Thanks for the follow, great images!
Yeah this beat slaps, BITCH
Great videos my brotha. Just caught you on YouTube.
everyone go follow needs some followers..
now we're cooking with peanut oil
No, Nomar actually made good points about how they left out Mulder, Zito et al a lot. Mulder hasn't seen it, but has read it
your website didn't load!
Shot Raul Rekow and John Santos at the Jazz School today. I'll tell you when posted to my site. Poncho next week at Yoshis. Yeah baby
computer, arch...Arch....ARCH!
Even though its not the best, I still am thankful for my life!!
you're beautiful Anthony
First #BridalTrial of the "season" today! So excited. Do you know anyone who's getting #married and in need of a #Makeup Artist?
NyQuil and my pillow is my Saturday night date.
What's worse than your foot falling asleep? When they both do :(
This weekend has been great except for part of today... but oh well I got booze, and got to see my sis and got to see her happy. Yay
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate it very much!
The enemy would love to believe that you actually believe the lies that He has told you. Enough already. Confess God's Word over your life.
Giving you #allsmiles cause of how much respect i have for you
Thanks for the RT Brian. Hope you're doing well!
Thanks for the nice greetings - wishing you a wonderful week!
Thank you to everyone that came out last night to Sambuca in Uptown! We had a great time! Be sure to check out schedule for upcoming shows!
HAPPY birthday, pep pep! Almost the same birthday as my gf <3
So pumped for the weekend! Date night tonight to celebrate the end of Denver Restaurant Week, then watching 50/50
Always protect your reputation, your family and your bank account.
Kids who brag about report cards get annoying , like who gives!? Probably not even your parents
Rutgers&#39; Bias Investigation of Satirical Newspaper is No Laughing ...
i hope he win
not much hanging outt
i have a lunch mtg but will try to pop in! :)
Great turnout for UIC COMM Open House - Thanks to all for coming by!
Hmm no dashes next year please RT : Wow what a hashtag :/
I think more people should text me (:
GSM I assume? And still the shattered screen? :-)
i did so give mii the shoutout and i give u 1 callsDSHOUTOUTFOLLOWERZ
yes indeed. nice work, as always.
Ms. Swinton's little packet she gave us on Friday.
:P ": I look at my best friend and think: why the f*ck do I love this retard?"
needless to say, that commercial drives me nuts too. Hopefully that kid's dad makes enough $ to send her to speech therapy.
is a genius. Truly.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
In ur dreams
Global consistency must be balanced with local flavor & relevancy. Strong relationships must be managed locally.
A standing ovation for Unsung Hero awardee Velma Parker of Wilkinsburg School District.
I want to marry Zoe Saldana or someone who look like that she so damn fine
if social media is so important, what causes something like friendster or myspace to collapse?
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? All of my Muslim friends are nice as they DO NOT apply real Islam.
LA traffic sucks
Then let's plan for next Friday or the following!
When Marine Le Pen thanks Israel - Haaretz
No regrets, just
RT : Congratulations to on her induction into the William & Mary athletic hall of fame. I'm very proud of her....
I don't know!!!!! It was so weird omg I turned around to see who said it but no one was there!!! o_o
How to Make Money Online Free and Forever
Just a new networking thingie I'm joining. It's legit.
My sister ends phone calls the exact same way as my mom.
PHAME is honored to welcome back as an Event Sponsor for our June 23-24 production of "Willy Wonka!"
HARRY FREAKING POTTER CAME OUT. going to see it tonight!
R, it's always great to have you around, and thank you again for treating to lunch! I will let you know of other things to come.
This week is your last chance to get a free Carne Adovada Sandwich. Its simple, just mention CA10 when you order.
Always! RT Drinks on you though RT see you tonight!
I hope you realize how much I honestly care.
Happy graduation tomorrow , sorry to miss it
Did you find a pair or five?
Oh weak.
lol you sure did .. Well safe rest of your drive
we im excited suga! how is it up there
Haha, we are looking to add another location further south. Next time you go to the beach, stop by!
Thanks to the for a great steak roast and a fun afternoon. Nice to meet a supreme court justice.
are you creeping??(;
Was up was up twitter Fam
The WCC is WAC.. No worries..
Learned an entire semesters worth of calculus in about an hour today. Yeah.
check out insanity by beachbody, the p90x people. it's a great cardio workout to keep your ass in shape.
Thomas said he was Jody lmao
There is an enormous number of managers who have retired on the job.
Yes, you are profiled with nine others in Chapter 12, "Real-life ZOOMERS" Will send you a signed copy this Fall (Oct-Nov)
Follow please!(: it would mean a lot!!
its too early for this foolishness
how can any Dem Sen complain about redistricting after what happened in the House to the Republicans?
Thinkin' 'bout spring and therefore Spring Training. Baseball days are here again.
great team win! Clutch free throw at the end! Let's prove everyone wrong!
it's about time..... a tweet!
You gots to be real. All the drama showed me that.
Come on MJS - you tweet this 14 secs left in 4th? RT : James' outburst puts Heat up, 60-47, at half
Gotta love getting accosted by the walking into Jeld-Wen. All in good fun.
thanks for the shout out !!
Cut myself with my straight razor at the salon today. First time ever...hopefully the only time
Julia: "Dearest, if you were I, there would be no need to hesitate, because he wouldn't propose."
you caught me...
Sometimes I wish I was normal... But then I remember Normal people are boring.
Prob with #canucks and #sabres is they are both soft, don't have what it takes. Doesn't help that "franchise goalies" are head cases.
Love it! :D
That would be great, thanks for the invite! March would be better. I'll reach out via email once your listing is up. Thx
you are welcome any time :)
I just noticed the ladies at the office have replaced the biggest loser competition with ice cream cones and ice cream upstairs..
Good Morning :)
This might be the best show in the history of KSR!
take a shower cause you smell like a sandwich. Hahaha!!!
"We can make things happen. I mean, this is it. This is real."
o the pretty
it was by accident playa, rest easy. lol wassup with you tho,
Purple Door is on Twitter!
Another reason why I NEVER go east of Flushing
just dm to me!
Sounds like a plan to me, and we must always have a plan...
Tara, heights of serene contemplation
Interaction w Thamara Sanchez this am improved my perception of BofA. Engaged, empowered, individuals count!
Thank you Ms. Tuesday. Hope the proper high class b. card is bringing lots of b!
“: Shaspar” oh this is awkward.. I'm all dressed up and shit...
Go Angels! :)
Only Dumb Niggas check they Facebook from they Chicks computer! It aint that much Love in the World.
At Mystical Ink
Gary in the kick drum come, come
Moving fish's belongings to the newly acquired Fish Tank in uptown #Charlotte! Then bar crawl SICK
who twisting up start a set
...Al Pastor sliced from their vertical spit at Robo Taco (#pdx SE 6th & Morrison)- by far the best Al Pastor I've had in ages...(cont.)
but of course!!! {crazy look}
Just bought so much stuff from ikea that it literally wont fit in my car... Not quite sure how Im gonna get it all home haha
.lick that icing off <3 ;]
Can't wait for #AGT tonight!! , like , is as bad as can, and he knows he's the best!!
one direction is on e news
Seriously cant stop watching the vow
lots of lag in the sense that if I click something flash then something else flash on the same page ill get half of each thing
Welcome "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
Verizon SUCKS! Why are you sending me this, I HATE VERIZON!!!
Now thats awesome RT : Drunk texting your brother who is a cop about how you beat the system
Annual Tasting and Auction event is a tasty way to assist Cal Poly Pomona programs
and you could moderate from your couch.
IM A DIE HARD FAN LOL
my latest obsession...nutella
Speak with an accent in the US? Who would REALLY like to speak like?
It's fantastic to hear Allison Watson emphasize that marketers are revenue generators! I completely agree!
Okay! i didn't send nothing else thank you 4 doin that tho! Nice lookin
Thanks ....our customers have nothing but good things to say about the quality of our fine art prints. We truly appreciate it!
When is it?
Twitter. RT : Hey when we going to play some golf???
gotcha thank you! your help is appreciated!
wen will u ever follow me :( i love u
Have you heard of the gluten free flour company Authentic Foods? Wow! Great, finely milled, high quality flours. www.AuthenticFoodscom
Anyone have a favorite, quick lunch-type eatery in Boston? If so, let me know!
A shoppable music video?!
Is it a sin to want to help? Story of my life, as well. RT : I have a serious guilt issue associated with saying no.
any word on if Hollywood shooting suspects in custody?
really appreciate it :)
2009 Fidelitas Ciel Red is big and brawny ripe and robust blue and black fruits and big grippy tannins w sweet and spicy oak
I Need You Now, and every night I pray I'll hear you say those words back to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Read and loved Tina Whittle's second mystery DARKER THAN ANY SHADOW, set in Atlanta, focused on competitive poetry slam
Thank God for MLB TV so I can watch this rangers game!
I see how it is
Flight back to LAX delayed about two hours. Mostly LA librarians left in our terminal. Lets get this show on the road, United!
Sen. Liz Krueger says dems changed the process when they were majority to allow minority members to sponsor legislation
Lost in the #WhiteSox offensive struggles is another great start from Jake Peavy. If his arm doesn't explode, he'll have value in July.
Thirsty for a retweet I gotchu RT: ignores his fans<<<<<<
Do you think they're humming to cover up something?
Hey JB can u please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I love u so much! Please make my dream come true! FOLLOW ME
LOL. good to meet you at the show.
remember your permission slip! Also, what kind of redbull do you want?
RT : having not scored or assisted any goals in the league ths season, u can imagine my surprise at not getting that call frm Roy
Every time I work on my time travel YA project, I keep thinking of Dean Pelton's "Time Desk" from #Community and feeling silly.
Is Youkilis' problems an aberration or will they las all season? Will Lind recover as a consistent hitter?
So far my day is getting filled up really quickly....it ain't easy being the best car insurance broker around :P
Sh.t like that
When you really release a feeling-thought into the Universe, the manifestation of that which you are looking forward to comes QUICKER.
Anyone want to play ultimate or disc golf tonight?
Signing off Twitter for the day to avoid any more April Fool heartbreak. I'm uptight and hate pranks.
All tests are based on ejection fraction. 60 is average and healthy. I am 20. So running on 1/3 power.
what is that???
Follow These Hints When Buying Commercial Real Estate ...
Gpin to bed pretty early for a Thursday night!
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.”
: infographic incorrectly assumes that Pr(make laugh), Pr(gorgeous), Pr(love geek), Pr(bring joy) are independent.
That awkward moment when you’re passing a car, and you look at the people in the car and they’re staring at you too. o_o
Time for #GameofThrones ....
same here.
If love is a red dress, then dress me in rags.....
wish youd be home right now
Hero or Villain? You Decide: 2/1/1979 Ayatollah Khomeini returns to Iran after an exile of 15 years & constructs fundamentalist Islamic gov.
No Greater Love by Fred Hammond is such a powerful song it Ministers to me every time I hear it.
It wasn't even a band.. It was just a waist of time... I'm done with it. The strength within my ass! I'm not waiting anymore.
Roy Kronk was a big let down . . . for the defense! If only the sheriff's were as attentive as he was.
Readying my iPhone and black bandana for tonight's may day #valenciastreetriots. Do you think they will be dog friendly?
I would but I'm goin Fishin. I'm in Columbus right now. Lol.
Trying to decide which is worse: having a cold all weekend or deciding to watch Deer Hunter this afternoon.
That would be great! Most of the food is Mexican themed so something sweet would be great.
#MANgina RT New study shows men who shave their arms and legs also shave their vagina.
Not thrilled about playing poker with thousands of idiots, or at all for 6 weeks straight but #BraceletHunting is rather exciting!
Happy Birthday, Heather.
Tunnel snakes? They rule.
i just follow ppl at random from milwaukee for a more local connection with twitter ppl and now im loosing followers because of dat wtf
Prediction #2: if the Miami Dolphins can beat the Raiders by 20 surely the Packers can do 40...#greenbaypackers 52-Raiders 10.
be with someone who wont stay mad at you , who cant stand not talking to you , and whos afraid of losing you .
Nice, where are you?
A friend of mine has two major complaints about his car: The motor won't start and the payments won't stop.
2nd half. Steelers down. Totally figures Tebow is rockin' to spoil a 4-0 weekend in picks...good times
Bone headed play by Santana.
There's a song on the radio that says lets get this party started LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED
PBS planning series on Latinos in U.S.
Ugh I want a cigaret...
That's interesting. I have to wait until my kids are grown (and out of college).
Is this about Stanley Fish?
"Oh Indeed" RT TAKE RISKS, if you win you will be happy, if you Lose, you will be wise
Awareness improves the more you tune into your inner intelligence
Did you get a new iPad for Christmas? Check out Tillie's Time Shop.
Yohannes talks about his agency's emphasis on policy reform which creates tremendous incentives for sustainable results
Kick Booty class starts in 20 minutes!!!!!!
Is someone making tacos or is that me?? 0.0
I wish I could go to Africa week at washu this year!
I want to say some funny stuff on Twitter today but I don't know where to start.
Its been my experience that you don't ask a question you don't really want answered & don't look for evidence you don't wanna find.
Maybe I should clarify: I don't hate Pac, just the way the media portrays him as the innocent lil' lamb.
u r right about that but the healthcare reform should not be repealed because it's a start, It will bring healthcare cost down
Love how talks about how it's not the physical bar that stops us 4rm success, but mental one. Have 2 make choice to get out.
wasnt expecting the Pacer to Beat the Heats
And on the phone I accidentally called the company BCBGB's displaying more street-cred than I actually have!
your welcome :) dont be a stranger! Lol
today was another pick up at Greater Newark Conservancy, i was running a little late but made it there!
hey what's up
any update on the release date of seesmic for honeycomb?
Ive found wine or a good stiff drink solves that!!! RT : Insomnia strikes again. Wonder how long I'll be awake tonight....
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
you're in denver and I'm not there? Boo!
. got a redesign today, and we're next. Catch you on the flip side when we're all pretty!
:). keep your passion drive for your work... a Jeopardy whiz? I once was on quiz show to raise $$ for indie film- Comedy LOSER!:(
I love this new song lol straight studio mode most people sleep but I'm up with jwhite and I see the fam is up
The youngest balloon pilot to ever fly solo Bobby Bradley will be speaking @ the Balloon Museum 4/13 @ 10:30am. Come join us!
Chibikart: The Race To Completion | equals zero
Going to have super duper fun tomorrow yay can't wait =)
Rum is a really weird word to see in a sentence if you aren't drinking or thinking about drinking. So I've been told.
Steak. It's what's for breakfast.
we got accepted to for this May! very excited to work with many talented programmers to help us build a physician portal! YES!
It's #TequilaTuesday here at Club-Exotica NE Portland... --->$5 El Jimador (Silver and Gold) ---->Drink Specials until 11:00pm
ohmygosh don't crush my dreams like that!!!! Hahaha ;)
Tell the real story. Were done anyway. May as well give people time to say goodbye.
If you were in the music industry what would be your dream or ideal internship?
Welpp,, I'm gonna watch this movie then go to bed so g'night :)!
I probably rely on #twitter for news more than I should...
Thank you for writing such a great post! Can't wait to see you at
it's a baby raccoon. Pretty random & irrelevant, I know - but it's definitely a conversation starter :)
Happy Friday ! !
You know that I love you but my heart won't travel.
props to you.
“: Chopped 6 way for 25k #isleclassic” boom! Grats man, sick run great toughness!!
We have fused the Picture Caption Game and the Dictionary Game. What have we done.
Weird: stepped out of Lenovo Microsoft CES party at Venetian just as Scott McNealy walked past; is he still on hairball patrol?
Yup all day long gon be stupid drunk o.O
It doesn't matter how old you are if you love that person you love them and nothing can change that. Age is nothing
He aint done mixing em yet...
- Question: I dug some pups from a client's sago. No roots, just "pineapple" bases and young fronds. Will these grow?
Yeah made it back in record time. You guys find your way back ok? If you passed by more than 3 strip clubs u went the wrong way
Man my back is super sore.... Feeling awsome!
Hate to say it, but the Rays deserve it, hats off. #redsoxs. I have a bad case of Adino
very back and ok wait what about later after 6
hey dude
Is your tag really "Live every week like it's Shark Week?" I just got a little tear...
Tim yep baked me a cake of red velvet. He is my FAV!
I'm not a dad yet, but I think if the family started a garden for me, that'd be cool!
Success is when preparation and opportunity meet.
Love it!
Anoka-Hennepin Schools closed today... it's very messy.!
Welcome home!
so yu cheating on me with these Twitter hoes lol
I wish this rain would stop so we can get this racing started!!!! :-(
ok am telling u it sets up a cool earth where anything may happen
If someone asks if they can share your table you probably shouldn't say, "sure I'll just look at my phone"
that's ok! The rest of the family was one car ahead. The little one is too big now for three-to-a-car. We take turns. °o°
Stupid twitter better stop shortening my tweets!
Do not be far from me, for trouble is near and there is no one to help. Psalm 22:11
Considering they started together. Most of them.
What the teacher says: "You may now begin the test." What I hear: "May the odds be forever in your favor."
"We must be willing to let go of the life we planned, so as to have the life that's waiting for us." - E.M. Forster
Haha, nah. I think I'll stick w/ Starbs ;)
I wish they had fries Fries is my favorite food So I might die
You! Are not a very nice old man!
Alert the media. It's a sighting. (Kind of a groundhog thing, it seems?)
MT “: Dancing rain and rainbows and insects with Denise Fleming Cracking up too much to type.” too true!
Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media from The Commons, following along today!
My first personal in-flight movie: Airplane!
Not sure if I'm trippin balls, but I think I just saw Cookie Monster sun bathing on the beach in a commercial
UR GANNA BE IN FULLERTON ON THURSDAY RIGHT BABE
New place is good. Excited for it to get cool again outside so I can start bundling up with blankets.
everyone wins!
If I was home sweet home, I'd totally get my Mootopia on!
#occupybaltimore should apply to adopt one of those corners (like the McKeldin one) for the lulz.
you sure thats the only stiff thing you need? :P
#ObamaInHistory Not only discovered 7 more states he also found a new earthquake region thru Washington DC called Bush's Fault. RT”
We tried trending for you #AustinTo700K just now. But it's a major fail. We're sorry, :'(
a seminole county deputy told me this weekend that sanford pd was right - he "knows" the background they had no probable cause -he was wrong
me too! One of the reasons I picked it over UTSA. it's nice and quiet. Really? Who is your friend?
Cozart on fire.
checking his business plan and site for a big meeting tomorrow morning. success is inevitable!
Saturday's out as I'm in Baltimore, but Sunday afternoon and evening are fine if you wanna meet then.
Nick, Happy Birthday from Deon (this super-awesome fan)!! :) just preordered #KarminHello as a B-Day gift to you! haha
Waking up with a good feelin' knowing #Spurs are through to the next round. Today is take your broom to work day.
Vegan sausage made w Roasted Red Pepper, jalapeno, Garlic n Pepperjack Daiya cheese today!
Wow..I missed my 83k tweet. :c
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes from yesterday and today :) Love you all!
when it first came out I was excited to see it. But it was so bad we (the audience) laughed at the drama scenes.
Wish I could have. Bit far from San Antonio, TX. Still follow and getting excited!!!
That would be great. Dentists love my work in their offices:-) Can you DM your info? I'll mail somethings to you.
oh. my. GOSH. Your teeth look AMAZING! Hoping your enjoying your pearly whites ;D I got mine off on Valentine's day, hehee :)
Looking in the mirror to make sure my forehead isn't covered with blue highlighting marker. It's not.
SO GLAD IT’S SUMMER
Could u pls. DM me an email address? Would love to send you a local family/travel pitch. I don't PR spam or do 'lists' ;-).
#SPORT tweet lunch tasted X stout marinated egg, fresh made mozz sticks, house made poppers
Great day so far. Slept in, went to the pool, talked business, and just chopped my 1st sng of the day. $275+100, got 1400 profit of $1025.
Lady lions game
damn I was just gonna tweet you about time travel lol
yea the last filler just ended showwd this new side to the rivalary of saskue & naruto that was awesome
Maco ML-3000 and Avery 5160 compatible Label Template with- avery 5160
My day is off to a positive start. started following me. My dude, we've got the same born day, month & year. Peace bro.
We like to keeps things locked to the most readily accessible version. In the case of MiB, we focused on the films.
"Canadians don't have a good sense for sarcasm because we don't have a big Jewish population." ha! #30Rock quotes.
I will buy anything and everything released by
Going for a run, wish me luck!!
Looking for music licensing opportunities...I'd appreciate any info/advice. Thank you in advance :)
can u call me
"Conjugate to the dance floor!" "Don't you mean 'congregate'?"
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well; and doing well whatever you can do.
Works ok if they give u good space to work. I reg'd ppl in CA for 20 yrs. We could set up anywhere (basically) under law. Walmart
Just finished some more edits. I have a couple more that I have to finish up in two weeks. Busy, Busy, Busy
I mean, that too bad. I hope you feel better!
Right? I regretted packing away my coat 2 weeks ago when I was waiting for the bus earlier.
We just got a new couch. It needs pillows.
Had a $7 lunch at Sullivan's thanks to a great coupon
Visit the Bricktown OKC Water Taxi for a FREE ride Thursday - Sunday evenings from 6 - 9:30 p.m. Register to win a variety awesome prizes.
Had a great #Christmas with the family! Glad to be home
People need to keep their mouth shut, especially when they don't know what your talking about.
So Beyonce and Jay-Z really did have a kid? How much time do they have before Brad & Angelina ask to adopt it?
SlutWalk is about spreading the message that NO ONE should be victimized, man or woman. We must stand up for everyone!
Just seen the worst resume in my life bitch had fries and sandwiches as a skill set and languages (plural) English yea yea u hired....lmao
I am so depressed about Davy Jones dying I can hardly stand it. He made me a daydream believer.
I was deeply saddened be the news out of Japan today. When can this wonderful country catch a break. My prayers are with you...Sigma out
Holy shit! Hairs straight! Now I no longer look like satans butthole!
Yes! We are actually right next to you guys. We requested it!
Today, my friend said "I can't tell if he's hipster, or homeless" MLINY
I hate when middle school girls try to get with high school guys.
i sent u the study guide
#NP Smashing Pumpkins – Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness on #Spotify (perfect album for a premature end to football season)
The Laws of attraction are for Real.
Decker is excited about the WR group. Hopes Stokley is added. Says Manning pushes them.
Don't think tv gets much better than #Justified! I cannot wait until next Tuesday.
yeaahh I've been looking for a prom dress (:
even if you have to go to school, at least you got 2 trends :)
Relationship Status: ( ) Single. ( ) In a Relationship. ( ) Married. ( ) Engaged. ( ) Divorced. (X) Waiting for a miracle.
It's just the way it is hard work separated the good from the great
Do we really want this guy and is he good enough to waste a scholly on at UK Matt??
Follow and we will follow back (:
You don't know what you'll do until you're put under pressure/Across 110th Street is a hell of a tester.--BOBBY WOMACK
Realizing how dirty a conversation is going with your friends.
im on'
technically I'm still with them for another week. I'm moving to LA next Monday
We came to win.
:D text me im getting in the shower!
re-tweeted and promoted!
Can a guy leave the country for a few weeks and come home to a decent ballgame... PLEASE!
#Np COMPLICATED! - Rihanna
lots to choose from around here!
RT : thanks so much to all my friends in san diego who rallied together for me last nite at the croces benefit!! I am...
Coming home at night to the power out is such a rare level of darkness. I'm glad the dog is white and follows me everywhere.
I hate not being able to sleep -______- ugh.
Yes, save me one! A medium.
People need to stop complaining about not getting papers in at #chi2010 at the podium
Let the Maverick conspiracy theories begin.
I don't like Kobe but he's a cold nigga for that 3 he jus hit
Best art soiree I've seen!
Yes! To me the iPad isn't available until the 3G model comes out. No wifi only #iPad for me. No GPS in the wifi ver.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
What I think every time I see someone wearing a #NightmareBeforeChristmas shirt: Really? Still?
Going in on my day off! :/
I can't breathe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
hm like 4 or 5. I'm not sure if that constitutes as large haha
Why is it that the word "Filipino" is spelled with an "F," when "Philippines" starts with "Ph"? This just strikes me as Phunny - that's all.
And on a side note, I added flax seed to my cereal this am. Next up is ear hair and really long eyebrows. Wait, OH MAN!
on the upside, i've fallen deeply in love with my immersion blender and the smoothies she makes me <3 <3
that's better! Wednesdays are pretty taxing for and I...I think we're gonna dump ANTM for X-Factor
poor judgement? Oh wait is it what I think it is?
thanks. I'm starving!
Yes made it to the finally!!! YES!!! Congrats and kill it next week on the stage !!!
Good Luck!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton!
like shut up your life isn't over b/c your friend is mad at you
lol someone else buddy
I find prominent framing of wedding rings during scenes of marriage discord to be dated and distracting...oh just saw another!
: So, how are your adventures with kale going? Ready to eat up some fresh local varieties when they're ready?
Even without risk factors for high blood pressure, drinking green or oolong tea can further reduce risk! An ounce of prevention...
Developer to auction off Lincoln County properties
My lip has a cut on it and it hurts, you guys. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
4 of the 6 largest US Banks use for cloud identity management. Come find out why at #RSAC booth 2751.
Happy New Year! Wherever you end up this weekend, just remember: Party on, Wayne.
James what's good man, I know I'm late on this but yeah for real... Artest is a complete idiot. I used to love his defense tho
Dang. Simon Collison just kicked my arse. Fantastic.
The Bieber family is great huh??
It's great, isn't it? RT : RT : Love the #doveinspired message ! Be inspired!
it keeps the crime down n er'thang.....
First time at Honeypie for brunch. The breakfast pork fries are a gamechanger.
The broncos won today and the lobos won last night. So the world ends tomorrow?
indeed they are.
Been at work appox 30 min. Was late. Can't concentrate. Gonna be a long 3 day week
Help buyers see themselves in THEIR new home. Your personal touches and personal colors are not necessarily appealing to others.
quick hurry follow me please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> hehe
Wrath is cruel and anger is overwhelming: But who is able to stand before jealousy? Pro. 27:4
My teen son's reading interests are limited to manga. I'm looking for ways to broaden his horizons. Suggestions? (Mary)
this is true lol
I had the same problem with Pinterest. Then finals hit and I abandoned it altogether.
it's almost as nice as that bow tie.
Merry Christmas Eve everybody! Lets go Cowboys!
Beethoven, the original rock star.
- tell Ashleigh i re-tweeted some Adele for her to get sucked into today :)
bring me some food to kmart!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, you're good. Fool me four times, WOW! Did you major in fooling?
Also: Sinatra's decision to open "In the Wee Small Hours" with the title track is pure genius. An impossibly great song.
JADED went on a store adventure. Now getting ready to watch the new #ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia . Gonna be hilarious! YEAH TWITTER~!!!!!11
Hurting like crazy. Don't think I can do it again.
What type of icing do you use on those? They sounds amazing!
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
Today is national coming out day! (This NEMYouth tweeter is proud to be bisexual!!!)
More attendees and exhibitors arriving today. Looking forward to the Conference Opening tonight at 6:00 in the hall!
don't forget the air vents!
i felt so tired until i laid in my bed. now, i'm wide awake. <U+E40D>
ANZ Mortgage-Rate Rise Will Anger Customers, Swan Says - Bloomberg
You didn't create yourself so you cannot tell yourself what you were created for...
So.. My morning started out with a bang!
Going to ze mall for prom shopping
whats been up Envy
When boys introduce you to their family and friends as your girlfriend<U+2665>
I feel kind of spoiled now having a washer and drawer in the apt, a gym right downstairs, and a super market across the street
Do we need your friend code?
It's hard to drink a growler of beer by myself
YOU are always so thankful. You already know that nothing should be taken for granted. EVER!!
I have it and love it too <3
"God knows everything about you, and He still approves of you." Thank you for the reminder,
Drake and josh is like the best show on nick
Ha! I'm just figuring out how all of this tweeting business works! I don't understand hash tags and LOL
Sometimes you got to do whats best for you and your life not what everybody else wants you to do.
Ready for the match against Pine Ridge! Determined to lead my team to state.
TtUESDAY'S FEATURED PIE: SOUTHERN STYLED SWEET POTATOE PIE! yUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Why dudes be lying about there occupations...
I have honesty never been so tired to the point where on in the verge of falling asleep in class<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Destroyed chest today & already at 90g of protein today! #EatToGrow I track it with #FitnessPal on my
I am blasting Tila Tequila. Its about to get sexual in here.
You're on fire! What edition of the thesaurus are you reading?
I played Santa Clause... you just didn't know I was there in costume ;)
Preemptively escaping Chinatown before the flood of fans (& - the lone Bruins fan about to watch Boston lose.)
Hard to overstate the success of #bookless last night. Ringmaster should get a medal!
ha your mom is to funny! :)
can't friend! School, work and a wedding!
Watch "MAD MEN" on AMC this SUNDAY MAY 20th! That is All I am @ liberty to say at this point...I'm just saying...Please watch!
just got an offer from a Japanese Label "2E2L Recordings" ! lets do this ! #worldwide baby !
Black folk died to get the shackles off our wrists and ankles, only for us to willingly put them on our minds.
Just got done taking EOC STAAR.
I finally took the leap from Blackberry to Droid X2 lots to learn yet but so far excited about the change..RIP Blackberry
BBQ in Houston, baby. #
Welp, time for some Chelsea Grin. FUUUUCK SLUTS
Rock on! I'll be listening when I can :-)
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it.
and a year later the only thing that's changed is i'm a little taller, little more facial hair, and a tattoo
Congrats to for landing a sweet internal comms job with Dean Foods. Dallas, here you come
Former #hooters girl sitting next to me filling out an application to work at this bar
I had to get my oil changed. I can't decide which is worse: Super Creepy Jiffy Lube guy or being forced to watch Maury.
RT : Polls are now closed in most of Indiana. Let the counting begin.
yea but they're a little dirty..size large
If you have a <3 your awesome!
seen what? DM me..:/
it was way too easy :)
Thought of the Day: In the blink of an eye, your life can end; live well, dream BIG, and make the most of it. We're only here momentarily.
Hey! I'm so sorry, i'm not on twitter these days, I work so much! even on Saturday and Sunday! I'm so busy. But i'll be back soon! :)
please do a cover to "payphone" . k thanks .
It was great talking to legendary swim about his historic 2008 summer.You'll see it soon on Yahoo
how has ur sis been since being diagnosed with sjogrens? I got diagnosed 7 years ago now.
Some best fren u r.... U cld hav died and I wldnt kno.... Doubt u woman wlda tell me -.-.
After all, you put up with my whining about ISPs, Telcos, Hotels, [insert corporate entity here]...
yeah when the course is called "hypertext and literature," some is hypertext but most is really just inspired by hypertext.
Does anyone know whether/where Quine responded to feminist interpretations of his views. (I know he was sexist; that's not what I'm after.)
awww. Don't cry. We will see each other again soon :)
I guess I need to work on my comedy
hahaa U poor thing! J/k worse things could happen ;) Good thing your family let u make ur own decisions.
yeah, happy hour is HUGE, after 9 pm, not much. there's always the 930 club, though i never made it there myself.
much needed after the chaos of last night.
last king snapbacks >>>>>
lol coming up!
i responded to the email
If you dont like to have sex EVERYDAY then stay away from an #aries man like me!
. You had a great season, but if you're a true Dawg, you'll come back 4 another year at & make it right, because today was wrong
IF UR NOT A BRANDON JENNINGS FAN..FUCK U..
#YouKnowYoureLame when your dad got more game than u do in talkin to women
Congrats on 15 years!
lololol Asian Hunger Games
Sweet CeCe's loves Mormons.
u called me one time ? Lol
haha yeah me too, sadly.
Wow cool! RT Fans are chatting "USA" during the #Mets-#Phils game.
good c: I am v.v but I didnt bring a jacket.
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
How boutt them Spurs ?
You're scaring me too! But It's funny, I can't help but laugh lmao
Bahahhaha, legit. "IT'S GON' SNOW!"
the june 9th reading at the is going to be the best. ever.
Excellent night seeing !!!
All great change in America begins at the dinner table-Ronald Reagan Have a great Monday!
morn Sara.
Penn State "corralling squirrels" ref in session title at #iappsummit analogous to "herding cats"; no offense to faculty, staff, students
Happy birthday Jesus! Thank You for saving me and everyone else that's accepted You into their lives! Merry Christmas!!
Nobody wants anything I've got which is fine because I'm made of everything you're not
Studio Ghibli never ceases to AMAZE! Another masterpiece! Thank God animation like that still exist!
A little brain food for your wknd: TEDxABQ 2012 "Engage Your Passion" will be held 9/8 at the Nat'l Hispanic Cultural Ctr!
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
"My wife writes for a cheese magazine, we're both big foodies"
Actually use your data! Understand your audience! What a novel idea. (Suddenly I want to go to Muncee, Indiana - )
Sweater ferrets + Zoya (giraffe) + pandacat + my crazy family + great skin care
trust me its rely good stuff. :)
I get to go close deli :/ hopefully Wednesday will be nice!
oh cool. See you there.
Informative status updates from each member at the Fourth #BHLib Institutional Council Meeting
RT : rocking and rolling this morning only 1 more day to enter the Raggs Rockin Kids Search (kids 3-7). Go to www.RaggsContes ...
Hey Corpus! Go to the Ayers Event Center 3433 Ayers Street and buy a chicken BBQ plate with all the fixins for only $6. Delicious!!
live may 26th its going down in IOWA at the val air ball room
If 1D ever opens for Taylor I will purposely be late to the concert.
Abuela taking me to Vegas for the summer<3
Finally got to meet 's in person after only having chatted over the phone about Assembly bills such as AB819
I've actually been waiting for you to say something like that.
Happened upon the #UrbanIditarod in Portland just now. I can't wait to live here.
victims of #sextrafficking deserve to see beautiful things in life not just the dark! Help us help victims of trafficking.Sign up!
Absolutely. For this panel, I'm looking for the best topics to delve into. They have great panelists, SO I want great Qs!
I liked your comment, and did not want to miss another ;-)
watching movies with my birthday boy! I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
It had to be done. Did you set up a gmail filter?
Still wonder what if DeAndre Jordan over drafting George Hill tho...like i wanted
I can't stop shaking /:
q5) I think since many of us started as SMEs and we have too much work, we should train those who want to learn
Yippee we are headed to the theatre!
And Now Back To The Real World.....
Will do! I'm sure I'll make it out there at least a few times this summer :)
Sam have at the races today!!! good to hear from you.
just finished watching a favorite of mines 40 year old virgin... your funny as shit!! Using my peripherals lmao
Do you know how many carbs, protein, and fat that you get in a usual day?
About to go night running. Got to take advantage of this amazing weather tonight.
I just read it. That's great! Great find!
Makes me laugh each an every time. *THE*... Like there's a King & Queen of this group. LOL!!!
hint: the recipe involves having an Iron Man-running professor (Colin Phillips) approach you with an absurd proposition.
chilling to some Kenny G
#DentalTip: Brush your teeth at least twice a day using a soft-bristled toothbrush and a fluoride toothpaste.
I need to hit the bed soon.
My Parents make me FUCKIN sick, wo wants to take the next action that i have been talking about for a long time??????????????
Hell yeah. Jeff Saturday
Thanks! Come visit me sometime! I'll bag your shit lol
Do you think marketing/PR teams should be split up, so some handle traditional (media pitches)& others handle digi?
Your girl wants me don't blame she said you got no swagg damm shun
so glad you are here. And yes I am tweeting you when we r sitting next to eachother
Kafka in the sunshine.
I was trying to add Home Improvement and couldn't figure how to or to remove it. is clunky! whoops ... just lost 5 points.
dammit, I hate it when she has the night off!!
shoutout to follow her!(:
i couldn't believe it. I was there for a conference but i won't ever stay there again.
Sebastian Telfair is still in the NBA.
#TGIF scheduled a massage for me today over my lunch hour. Such a good husband!
3 weeks: No soda, no chips. I have a pickle, an apple or an orange instead. Also, taking regular walks. Just that: down 12.0 lbs!
other people are saying that it did make it
someone teach me how to play dungeon and dragons please.
Thinking should I spend this summer with Mount Tom?
Hey closes at 6p on a Saturday. When most people can shop. Thanks for making my decision to shop @ target instead so much easier.
I Have The Best Cousin Ever....
RT : Showing plain HTML works on any device. We "break" it when we layer on CSS/JS, especially when we do those before HTML
sorry to hear that. :( Hope it's all for the best though!
Haha, who knows? Only me!
Come out TONIGHT to and get your groove on with Rhythm Method at 7:30 pm!!!
bout time n u better not b playing
"My Humps" - Black Eyed Peas
WATCH MY VIDEO POP IT ON WMAR TV CHANNEL 2 IN BALTIMORE ON KEEPN IT REAL AT 1:35 TONITE!!!
We write about the bad storylines every single day, both on twitter and in the magazine.
See YOU Tuesday! :) You bring the party and I love that!
Ok fuck it I'm Finna go to sleep!
i remember it was spring break and you texted me telling the way you felt about me, thats when we nodiced we loved eachother.
Twitter Rocks!!! Fastest research tool ever.
Freebird's for dinner!
we gotta do some laps!
#TheSaddestPart is that you believe them and not me.
If I wasn't so tired by 8th period, I would have a A in glob connect
I am now a working individual at 7 eleven :D
See yourself in everyone.
It's so pretty out today. Going to the mall with my momma and buying myself shiny things. Yayy. :)
Tempt 99.6 just barely a fever, but I feel like the world is coming to an end!
Ok I'm done with Misla for tonight lol. Jacosha needs to get him
I could use a cup of coffee right now. Aghhh
I thought I saw you while I was walking to Power Up since I saw some of your aquiantences
Today is Workout Wednesday!!!
Glass of wine on Wednesday?
True. And I do! RT : You can watch the Rangers.
Lol.....RT : Somebody said that Instagram just went from a gated community to section 8 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Dale Hunter got a standing ovation/applause city upon leaving the bar.
RT : Good morning everyone! Only 2 days away from #HookvsBridgeII let's get it!
please tell me that annoying little twerp doesn't go to London
so wat s funny
Hard work always pays off.
Newt #scprimary win might b victory FOR hate but I prefer to see a victory for "weapons of left" v spineless 1% elitist phony job killer
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you and have a great weekend.
What do you guys want me to talk about in a vlog thingy?
RT : Will be recording 'Sturzstrom' on Sunday and Monday in Exeter. Exciting!!
It's your responsibility to be familiar with the collection!
Your rental doesn't have the wobbler horn?
- Totally agree.The biggest differences are in physical strength & speed-of-play in the men's game
hang in there & make that #money sweetie! #love ya & call me
me! i love your music. i just love everything to do with music. its one of my passions. i also play guitar (badly) and piano
anything by
Edmonton Filmed Entertainment Fund investing $10mill into qualifying pre-sold projects. Lets make Alberta the next Hollywood North!!
Get over it
no I would love to go though!
#Parents help your kids mature by letting them face disappointments...don't protect them from disappointment.
Still a little bit sick but I have to push through.
I miss seeing your show....when are we gonna see some new tasia ?
I shouldn't drink. Thank you predictive text.
first wedding tomorrow... im nervous >.<
so. I'm on stage in like 30 minutes. You inspire me to be myself while I'm up there... Thanks:)
pretty good but I'm freaking out. How have u been????
Very excited and motivated by my nike fuel band.
Thanks for returning my follow! Enjoy the holiday...
Great night! Senior prom in 5 days! :)
Its true. I love 85 (no homo) - but this is hater week. No endzone for Ocho. WAMW
Weeoooo, CAPS win in OT
Thanks for the RT - looks like you're keeping busy with some great causes & events these days!
Got a Toby Keith song stuck in my head -it's like a lingering stink. Gonna roll the windows down &air this mutha out with some
When they go to the studio guys on the NHL broadcasts and they're all standing, I feel like they have to pee. And then I feel I have to pee.
“: #Aquarius loves using toys.” umm.. this is not okay.
hm. Not more tougher than you though. I totally understand that though. What will you do. You could always relax and
Working at 34,000 feet. This inflight internet stuff is kinda cool.
Depression is no joke!
I'm surprised people here even know what a Mormon is.
will do!
Start the trend right now! Once you get two people to do it, the rest will follow.
should i start working? lol
I'm going to the Drupal preconference & the geocaching session. Are you going to the Welcome Party?
haha uuhhh sister tell me about it. but the guy i'm with lives 30 miles away, so that means hes good (:
Justin Bieber's the bomb!
it's outer areola. no doubt.
i hate this concussion!!!!!
Sing me to sleep. I'm tired.
LOVED it! I was the one who inadvertently yelled, "YAY!" when anal-compulsive was mentioned...
Studying at Tufts with the Minh-ni Niggo. This is what I do when I go to "church".
I ain't tryna love you baby just fuck you instead
how much would you be willing to compensate? Aside from music, we are in the laundry folding business!
man, I wonder to what extent tonight's OKC-MIA game will crush STL-FL.
Sending my first tweet out from my new birthday present - an iPad 2!
that moment when your dad or mom make a Twitter or Facebook account <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
what you got going on?
It's like Punk'd. He's yelling out "Wart cream" "Gonorrhea" "Herpes"
Ooh, that is darling!
i told him he still my idea, ok I yelled at him. Then told him we're using his book
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to sharing and helping to close the gap.
I'd make sure they took off their clown make up and everything before I accept them aha
now that's not a good idea . you won't be sleeping all day in the car tomorrow ...?
#ripvaclav: "Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed." -- Vaclav Havel”
Positivity. At the Downtown Detroit Partnership annual meeting.
I hope to take pictures of the balloons tomorrow if the weather is good.
I hope things get better for ya, A. :)
Got out of class an hour early, thank God!! Stopping by the bank, volunteering at the Humane Society then getting my car washed :)
Let's play catch-up from the weekend...
IM DONE WIT TWITTER THIS SHIT WACK
No problem and congrats. We just crank up the shirt giveaway whenever I get in the mood on the weekends so.. its the weekend!
How do book sellers compete with other habits? Piggyback on another habits cues and rewards.
enjoy husband & wife nite! Lurv you guys
So, I have to say it. Dear Republicans/Tea Partiers/ignorant crazies. France just elected an ACTUAL #Socialist. Obama is NOT one.Get a clue.
mayb later I'm too lazy to be on the computer
Worst acting job by Dr. Dre!
Follow Me Backk?:)
well screw you too.
i like it alot.!!!
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers of the world....lots of love and happiness today!
Everyday I wake up at like 7am and 5 minutes later it's 5pm.
I would do that, except I really dislike ginger. ;D
Fenna listen 2 music til' I fall asleep. Goodnight . . Z!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning world!
The speech is longer than the counting of the votes.
LOVE the "B'more awesome at:" theme! Meet in the next few weeks?
I wish I could make my own dubstep
Crazy night!!!!
when they act like yall were nothing....
Denise that is not how the Catholic church works...a parish cannot excommunicate you...only a bishop...
thanks! Planning on coming back, but not sure for what yet.
Well they have been on Twitter, actively asking people who comment here to post on the blog itself.
-"...being happy while still practicing law" I don't have to become a ski instructor or baker now!
Over 1,000 inventions- and how many were successful?
#acui11 Suggested book The whuffie factor by Tara Hunt
I'm proud of my heart: its been played, burned and broken, but it still works
The fact that anyone could compare Girls to any show other than Curb Your Enthusiasm is mind bottling to me. Female Larry David FTW.
I was discussing it in terms of the current hysteria surrounding a 'secret' John Doe investigation. The same one Walker initiated...
so jealous. wtf stacey ditching me again!
-> REALLY?!! Dude...There.Is.Nothing.On.My.Channel. -.-'
Got nail polish on my hand. -.-
"I never knew words could be so confusing," said Milo. "Only when you use a lot to say a little," answered Tock.
Watching my girl in the cab on the way to LaGuardia. Looking good sister! Happy mama day! Xx
When you take a soda out the freezer right on time for that perfect slush>>>>>>>
Yes the BEST RT : youre a leo too??
Jerk chicken for lunch. Mouth on fiyah!
Where are you?
honor of
saw your comment on I've yet to find an occasion where an MTA bus would be useful to me.
Dream like u will live forever; live like you will die tomorrow
Lunch time! Great morning sessions on #Cloud Computing at #Phorum12. Hope you'll stick around today for our afternoon sessions.
thanks for calling me earlier. :(
RIP Christopher Hitchens
good night! :* Sleep tight
thanks man!
Yes, and James Dolan is the 8th plague
heh that's pretty awesome. thanks for "sending"! :)
Maybe 2 messages in these dreams: I make poker too complicated (all the cards) and I'm too paranoid (rules, cheating), prolly about my luck.
why dont you ask Labria? Don't have to prove anything to you .
Hey Man, I like reading your Tweets..Check out who you tweet..etc. come back
#RHOAReunion "If I wanna take care of every muthafucka in here, I CAN!" -Kandi line of the night!
Are you ok?
Have you listened to #Watchme today??
Check my blog! Goin to sleep
Pookin out ur ass doesnt make it look bigger ..
Anyone know a good ab workout?
. I've been very impressed by here at the Kiplinger fellowship. She's quite a resource.
I send ALL of my LOVE to everyone on Twitter. May all of your dreams come true. :-)
i have that very same issue
Im genius welcome emily
you too! Have a good rest of your stay.
HOOD ROAD WHAT A NAME FOR A STREET
Day two without lunch..i'm so hunnnngrry and my stomach is growling so loud! -_-
Get some medical professions involved. Even i know certain items "like poppy seeds" can give FALSE RESULTS. Don't Speculate
I hate my internet. So much.
Ouch. RT : 90% of everything is crud.
So I might have fallen in love with you , your all I can think about , your the only person I wanna be with ever and you make me smile (;
Ditto that - howdy, Jason!!! RT : Is it even possible??? on Twitter?
Aye I can't stand ppl who point out mistake u text or write & they know u know how 2spell LOL I read the 1st like the 2ND one
Rosenbaum in Academically Adrift: students receive "motivational platitudes" rather than info about academic prep from counselors
Ah what a morning!
call me back!!
Won a $3125 seat to the main event
William Shakespeare~ Cry Havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
Sensual movement is one of the easiest ways to release shame&shyness, replaced by bold reveling in pleasure. Do you agree? goo.gl/HaQ2L
just looked at the profile pic. #wth #swag tho. Above average fam
ya I could tell
thanks 4 follow
Don't forget to post information about your business on this FB page to share with others.
If u come to the club n dance n ur dress come up n u dance in ur thong......Its no denyin how much of a hoe you are!!!
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." Cynthia Ozick - Honoring those who serve & who have served!
good seeing u tonight man. I'm sure we'll see each other at the next event.
Holiday Festival of Trains starts FRIDAY! We can't wait to see you. Did you get your tix for Santa Breakfast yet? 410-752-2462 x221
Thanks for the mention... Clients loving the Analytical Platform concept as best way for #Analytics on #BigData!
Blood. Everywhere.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish. - Ovid
This is definitely me & !! lol RT : #Aries enjoy volunteering for charities and camps
Last night had delicious pig's foot soup with dandelion greens - amazing what you can create from what other people discard and dismiss!
iPhone battery<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Wondering how my ninja cat locked himself in the bathroom overnight... and basking in the glow of my locksmithing skills to get him out.
Watching #frozenplanet on Discovery HD. Very cool!
t could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard, loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars
Like I'm STRICTLY hip hop. no pop influences whatsoever, and that's what a lot of em listen to at my school. So it makes sense
“: been feelin all tweets in the past hour or so #goodshit ! (:” right on
thanks so much! We are honored!
Starting Point Apex laugh THIS Sunday... Do NOT miss out on this amazing moment! We want to see 1000 pple there... will you be one of them?
This scribe is either skipping all over the poem or (more likely?) was misbound somewhere in its history and nobody has noticed until now.
currently performing with the orchestra at our donor and subscriber open rehearsal! Next date, May 12th!
Easing back into work and the reality of being a #workingmom this week
how was the show?
I didn't know what the Last three days were!
Dear apartment building, every other apartment complex has hot water, can we got in on that action? Thanks!
love her an hym
Thanks will be serving #Indy's best #craftbeer, including lots of Flat12, which goes perfect with
He's a moron. There is absolutely NO statistical evidence to support his claim. Rapists rape because they are rapists.
wait, what?
Are you fucking kidding me .
Outstanding! Follower #1,000 is !! Thanks to all of our followers for helping us reach this great milestone! www.sazs.com
Just a day away from Madame LaQueer !!! So excited
Hahah i just watched ustream hehe yur mom is so cute hah (: austin is a crack up!! Loved the singing keep it up;)
okay i didnt know you have twitter... follow back sis :)
lol ya it would and true
I really freaking love Austin <3
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S JUST TOO EASY THEY JUST POP IN MY HEAD
Ready for Bedlam? Stay tuned for our special Bedlam Pizza available next Saturday!
Nationwide is decidedly not on my side.
: its ok just take care of yourself & your mom .sending hugs
right, cool I gotta work on that - So what do you weigh in at these days and what do you bench? You look huge!!
It's not our schools that are broken it is our theory of learning.
move out of life's safe and shallow places and venture forth into the deeps.
I'm ready to hear itRT !!The 3rd single from my international album featuring & comin up this month!!!
Listening to anecdotes of psychedelic use is a soft core porn vison quest
RT Our sister brand Twitter party is going strong! Follow and RT them for your chance to WIN!!
Only 3 hours of sleep and it's hitting me right now!! I need coffee!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Don't worry guys, I got chips and wine to supplement the cookies this time.
IM UN COLUMBUS,GA
Boy do I love Ritz crackers. #yum <3
That is hilarious... definitely made my day!
Ladies be ladies not hoes and bitches
This might be as good as the Cookie Monster reading. Ellen Reads '50 Shades of Grey': via
okay. Fine. I will.
*staring at the police line up* Officer, I believe the man you seek is Number 3.
sounds like we should be sharing ideas. We're in the beginning stages of a museum-school partnership program.
I am totally down with this no calories counting on your birthday thing! Woot!
Revolution Brewing. Home away from home an it's only down the street!
sup with the hate bruh? You don't think I'm funny? I don't think you're right.
Yeah. Let's end our season with an interception. I mean why not?
Think of the economic boost to the Funyun and brownie industries alone!!
Someone tell me if mikey & montana are really back.
oh really....
Raise your hand if you can't get enough of the 90's #wednesdayrehearsal /yd
Just as I hoped, a copy of 's The Freedom Maze was under the tree for me.
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
Tired of waiting for a spotter www.mygymmateusa.com
same here stayin busy with this music..gotta show the 1st of july......I see you sayin you makin beats now......
As long as you learn/grow, you can't lose.The No-Lose approach to decision-making guarantees all your decisions will be the right decisions!
hey that's not nice it's mothers day buttcheek licker!
EMPTY NET GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!
probably where I got it from
lmao you have a gay side to you..
Shankopotomus on that punt!
don't let her brinq you down. & most importantly, don't show her it hurts you. you are stronqer then you think! xx
2 Minutes left in the Hawks Celtics game
Keep me in mind, somewhere down this road you might get lonely : )
Lets GO #HEAT #TEAMHEAT ..even tho nobody is really playing tonight lol
we are looking forward to making things happen in your killer space!
I am ready to roll!!
For tweets on Matt Gold presentation, Debates in the Digital Humanities, follow
Rickie Fowler won!
Listening to #NPR morning edition at Locke High School in LA, talking about Rodney King 20 years later. #ECET2 Teachers
man that Kentucky uniform is waiting for you.. Playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans.. Go Big Blue!!
yeah, but they'll be jealous when you're in flint! Miami ain't got nothin on flint
Well that run was even better than the first one.
S/o to he needs 400 followers he'll follow back and he played in the little league world series
#amen...feeling quite fortunate we didn't hammered by
#iusedtothink that American Idol would be on top forever and that Chris Brown was cute. Awkward...
Orange leaf !
Let's go Lakers. Make it happen!!!
Hey, hey Josh, hey you should tweet more.
Happy Valentine's Day. I'm recommending that you go to dinner somewhere in Harbor East or Little Italy and then Salsa Dancing at Talaras.
you cant even steal 1st against Cliff Lee! The guy is just a freak.
and I are waiting out the rain with our horses under a covered area. I officially hate the rain.
They slide right out, like it's that hard to remove them for a day? They could at least make it a casino regulation to pad them
the box office pulled our black keys tickets yesterday :)
Thanks Patti. So far I'm loving #Ocala and the
That moment when your makeup falls on the bathroom floor and you're not worried about the toe it fell on as long as your blush is intact.
RT : I'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to complete the 5 questions on the BNI Business Index's 3rd Quarter......
Ugh! Peyton Manning being released by the Colts.
ADM Mullen: it took the US 6-7 years to match and exceed the terrorist's speed of war.
Brue Lee said, "To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities."
I wish I could perform at teen hoot! Will you watch my video pretty please!
Ha! (LET's start a hashtag trend. Feel free to #wordstolike anytime! Fun.)
Note to Maroon5: don't attempt Beach Boys harmonies if you are not the Beach Boys.
I'll be working on the doc tonight after a quick Big Data meeting, so you'll see some paragraphs going. :)
I'm doing magical/chocolaty ;) and no,no,no Thank you.
I do that,too! We did a collaborative project with students from another school and used video to share
Follow me....
no doubt bro, DM for more info.
NUMARK RED WAVE HEADPHONES ON SALE $75! GET YOUR TODAY CALL TO PLACE YOUR ORDERS!
Every year, bro <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> RT : Open up a can of whoop-ass today in honor of Steve Austin. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
-- nice photo!
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
are u guys safe?
Thanksgiving is will be here before you know it come get a new look for half the price !
danny duffy is the new sandy koufax apparently, he's a good looking pitcha with a big ahrm
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting "follow "! We love you <3
Just saw your CultureMap byline. You're a *freshman* at Emerson? Way to be a boy media magnate.
Live free ~*
Yea I cant argue that.but the real talented guys wanna go places where they can showcase themselves for the NBA. i agree w u tho
Has anybody thought of doing a reality show on food trucks? It's perfect because they're everywhere and they can't possibly last forever.
You dirty is hell.
me too!
#sacscoc Preview, Attend, Review, Study, Assess
Ask me any questions and I answer them personally! Don't make your mind up yet!
Jury duty all day, running intervals tonight... 2 different forms of torture.
Im so freaking excited!! Haha #noshame You should fangirl with me=p
online shopping? Feel free to give us a call 800-343-9826 ------Weve got you covered!
Goodbye Pennsylvania! Road trip PA->NC
new faces in the room! we are building power!
Home and happy with friends and wine. See ya next year,
Okay! I did!
my foot is broken.
speaking of which, you were supposed to come out with me for aqua girl smh
why do you spell it out F.R.I.E.N.D.S. Every time lol that just took so much work
Just watched it again! LOL
I'm drinking rum and red bull...and rum and red bull...
u didn't mention dyoung!: Terrible defense, streaky pitching, bad bullpen, inconsistent offense. Playoffs bound.
Nissan decided 2 name it's new Electric Car the "Light Shaw" cause all the Energy,Production & excitement
Treasury 10-year yields below 2 percent; "Europe is scaring a lot of people again," says head of Treasury trading at Bank of Nova Scotia.
im so #motivated its rediculous
Young guy opens to 1200 good player calls capt Tom makes it 6200 with 14k back opener jams all in. Capt Tom folds ak.
What would Mary Poppins do?
thanks mane. I'm diggin' this PU$$Y C&S you did.
Participant at Conference: Katie McCollough from #Rutgers University
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
really? heartburn? is this some sort of cruel joke?
Tweeting on my iPhone. This is hard to type on.
I like that in ya lil mama! Ambition! Girl you going somewhere! Question is, do I want to follow? Slow ya roll...I'm on the scenic route!
America is no place for private soldiers of fortune & private prisons. Corrections is the business of an elected government.
why are you even talking?
Hey, thanks!
Can America invent its way back? What can we learn from the Israeli experience says & Start-Up Nation.
#healthcare claim denials- evidence of fraud or just a picture of a broken system?
Call me Crazy. Eli pulls this game out. Go Ole Miss
sorry my overpriced cell phone kept dropping the call. Love you dad!
RT : I don’t forgive people b/c I'm weak, I forgive them b/c I'm strong & mature enough 2 know ppl make mistakes.
Congrats to the fabulous for scoring her first TV segment for The Cupcake Store!
RT : Sure -- bet they'd fawn all over the idea of tater tots!/Something tells me...not. Luv yr ideas
“: “who ya'll got tomorrow??” I put 20 down to win 130 on louisville and Ohio state” You just gave away $20 my friend
RT ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass *big sean voice* twitpic.com/5hhhvv
We help residents, small business owners, and utilities keep track of their usage, save money, and share with friends.
It's going to be upwards of 60 degrees on Friday. PINA COLADA SMOOTHIES FOR EVERYONE!!!!!
#YouSmellLikeDinner, let's try this again.
pretty good, schools been getting tough though. What about you?
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Budget cuts or not they still have a business to run. Not hiring people for strategic jobs could cost more in long run.
SF's a city of smart people. I'm convinced the right group could take it private, fix it & turn a profit all while lowering fares.
Hey, anybody know if there's going to be a 3rd "Miss Temple" book from Gordon Dahlquist? Loved the first two...
I speculate Facebook will start to take a back seat this year.
ALL TEENS!! TOMORROW! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! HUGE BLACK LIGHT TEEN PARTY!
The JazzAvenger is at Jazz Standard about to catch Jason Moran's late set.
glad thats over but not glad that I wont b seein ur beaut face every week!ThNx for makin WCC so much better these last2years! I<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>U!
lol you are probably right!! Haha
Special thanks to for being VegasLOMA's 300th Twitter follower!
Thanks for the follow, Miles!
Love your message Colt. I grew up in Richardson and Plano now live in Georgia. Best wishes for much success!
Beautiful morning to make the #kettlehill kitchen sparkle for health inspection!!
Ravens vs. Browns @ 1:00 PM. Ravens can clinch playoff spot with win.
Right? especially when u about 2 bust,u gotta wait till that shit starts up again
I miss mustache and mullet Yanni.
"I would die for you"
I love your music and I wish I could meet you in person
I listen to Backspin daily & hear 14 yo Toni making fun of me :-) : Lil 2 Live Crew on the iPod shuffle.
good norning...might?
Oh ok cool. U got Summer school?
Unfortunately so. It happened about a week ago and il just now up and around. Broken ribs suck!!!
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
Clearly a poor design choice chosen to solve a few edge cases.
go back and read my tree frog, bird , bees adventures in this house for a chuckle like the last 10 minutes or so
Awesome! Keep up the good work.. RT : A customer asked "Where do you get all the nice people that work here?"
I was jok ...forget it.
when can we expect the next lineup announcement? i'm so antsy to know what other goodness will be there!
I think twitter is the onle place I can share my real thoughts and opinions with everyone
3 more days till #Vegas! Can't come soon enough for me!
working on new menus for new companie
hahaha, funny you say that, nearly got stuck on the country CD... :-(
Wow, Twitter is so fast. :) Look away for a second and you can miss something..LoL
Son of uhh bitch
thank you so much for coming to tonight - such a pleasure having you in the audience.
They're at my feet, like all bitches should be.
Hahahahahahahaha....oh you guys!!!!!!
Shut the fuck up
Found myself saying "I have TRAINED you to know better" to a child. And it's true. Oh, Lordy. I'm a lecturing parent without being a parent.
Getting ready for work
Thrilled to be rolling out FieldConnect Mobile - cross platform (iOS, Android, Windows) construction scheduling for phones, tablets, desktop
Sometimes I drink.
To all you lake trout people out there on this opening weekend,,,, Good Fishin to Ya!!
Why dont bitches ever tie their shoes?
im outta dis joint!
if it's not Jay Bruce, I'm not interested.
Good news on the funding of my inspirational football feature. It's all being laid out according to HIS plan.
2011.08.31 #Cardinals 8 #Brewers 3 | Give up a grand slam / to the opposing pitcher / recipe for loss
Are you still holding your $AAPL $GOOG $PCLN shorts?
Family Feud question: name something that has white balls - me: me!
I don't know how that happened
And he is the most injury prone guy on the roster.. Uh-oh.
Re-decorating my room<U+270C>
Next Saturday May 12th We Rockin @ Lucky's Lounge In Queens NY! 21+ No Cover Charge! Come Get Live In The Mix Wit DJ Sliick!
Judge Judy is on The View right now. I can't control my excitement.
Tweetcaster for ipad keeps shutting down on me. Guess ill move on to another client
Most of my friends are guys because they don't start drama,and they are always there for you..I hate drama!!
Best #Top10 piece of advice from to young athletes: Get out now - there's very little money in sports.
I wish I could say this doesn't happen frequently... That would be a lie. I think my landlord is over my shenanigans.
Although I really needed a nap, I'm thankful I got my laundry done too. Bonus - the dishes are washed and bathroom cleaned.
The best part about classes starting is getting those 10 minutes to and from campus where I get to hear Billy Joel tickle those ivories.
Happy Easter
who did you want to win the voice?
Beggars can’t be choosers, unless they participate on the popular item-selection game show Supermarket Sweep.
Just in: Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and Badlands (1973)
ew! trying to keep that from getting implanted in my brain. Not working.
Sorry to hear you're leaving Cincy, but good reasons to do so. Diversity needs to be promoted, and it's not here. Good Luck!
SUFFER THE PAIN OF DISCIPLINE TODAY so you won't have to suffer the pain of regret tomorrow.
#nowplaying "More Than This" One Direction.... on repeat all day!
Proof we're too tech dependent:OH at polling place:"You have a clothes line? Where on earth did you get it?" Uh.try anywhere they sell rope.
Do you come Finland? COME COME (: everyone says that you don't come here but never say never <3<3
If I didnt have to go to this meeting later My ass would be on the road to the beach :/
that seems like a lot. Haha (: just sitting .
AJ telling someone.... They are
Tim Dye of Sonoma Tech: with air quality, data flow is easy, human factors --community building--is the larger part of the work needed.
I believe Dennis has been talking to them, I was a bit involves in the early stages
Just got to drive a forklift for the first time. Sketchy and fun
I can definitely understand how that happened! Yes, we need to!
Start a dream journal
Doors are now open! Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 for some free dance lessons with Jason!
Hello, 9-hour day. You can go away now. Pretty sure I'm taking Friday off.
Back from a 2-week self-imposed tech blackout, aka vacation. Do I have to go back to work?
SMH is the new LOL: nonsensically inserted anywhere ideas are missing.
Answer B! Anything past two wins is bordering on Red Sea status!
if someone can't tell you the reason why they like you don't waste your time
Had fun at my bf's house :]
/*GGWD #1 Web Design Class*/ <h1>AMAZING instructor</h1) & AMAZING group sharing & learning .custom. { #mysbc : ;}
It's okay if you want to spend money on me :-)
I've been thinking of you. As a start, perhaps you&Ican Skype;then set up #educoach hangout
Q3 At previous job, in charge of creating posters/postcards for Open House. Used pic from collection & QR code w/link to info.
they'll still be dirty if that makes you feel any better
My body hates me enough 2 wake me up 2 hrs b4 alarm:) I feel ya": i feel so cheated when i wake up 10 min b4 my alarm goes off.
Hana (on 17th and U) totally had matcha powder. Tomorrow, green tea buttercream! Brings back memories of making the stuff
gotta get that win tonight! Retweet this please, and let's go mavs! #W #gomavs give it your all tonight!
haha everyone needs a brain break from people every now and then!
Chinese food sounds amazing right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
hi! :) please give my brother a shoutout?! :)
If you saw that Devo post a minute ago, we also have similar programs for Snowboarding AND Freestyle! Come learn to fly!
oh and you should see him in the old movie "Yentl" with Barbara Streisand. Great movie :) :)
My work has been nuts this morning with passive agressive-ness. In response, the K to the T throwdown has officially begun. Watch out! :-)
Haha your retarded
Yu Should Send Me Some Of Them Haha
On my level?
Get ready folks... The lineup for Booze Broads & Hot Rods #14 will be announced tomorrow
You can't hear the music but we're playing the same tune. Each beat, every note played perfectly by you.
Things Are Great...How About You?
great article'
RT : #NaPiBoWriWee Q: "How long/short should #picturebooks be?" Answer: Not 2 short & not too long.1st draft: 1000 words or less
Join us tonight from 5-9 for First Fridays in the Old Market. Performer Desmond K playing from 8-9pm and works of photographer Mark Perkins.
Ha I know. I'm trying to convince myself that not even my doing can mess something up that bad.
Sorry, I don't use this account that often. I'm usually on my main account(:
um. Soaked in gin?
and coffee on a sunny #Milwaukee morning. Life is good.
Pretty good. How are you?
I'm a big fan & would like you to visit my site; www.theouterspacemen.com thxs for following me. Would love to meet u in NY
And its over. Japan defeats USA 20-14 in a tale of two halves.
I'm getting fed up with some people trying to cause trouble in my relationships. They better stop it or I'll will never talk to them again!
Help...good novels for 7th grade...lexile 955 is a minimum
just showered about to walk to my brothers
on the highway to see Obama
Spring cleaning today...for the last 9 Springs. Lord help me.
The issue of discipline specificity with respect to data modeling has sparked vigorous debate at
RT Just saw, after many months, an article I wrote for InFocus "Have compassion on your audience!" What do you think?...
I still have tons of these!!!
Always good to see around these abandoned passageways, late on a Friday. Looking forward to those releases...
No hitter for Jared Weaver
<3 Its Faith I believe in ppl..
Did I really just see an obese white woman & a tiny Hispanic man hooking up at a bus stop? Unfortunately for myself & about 100 others...yes
All I know is all I know. And this shit is weird.
Thank you for the #FF! We are really looking forward to next week.
Responded to FIRE @ 21-25 24th St, Queens, NY 11105 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Is saying Happy Birthday to my son Mr. Jonathan Curry who turned 1 years old today. Happy Birthday son, mommy and daddy love you!!
LOLOL we a good combination then hoe, we cute. we cute.
Bouta wake Riley up she tripping...
:D quick question
I'm pretty sure its the same momma squirrel as last year whose baby slid into the gutter, fell two stories, and was freed by yours truly :-)
I just started Chasing Mona Lisa and can't put it down. Looks like it's going to be a long night!
I JUST GOT A PART IN MY FIRST TELEVISION COMMERCIAL...YEAH E!! YEAH E!!
thanks much!
Going to hunt bores with samurai swords with
How is your week going? I had a relapse in memory because I was in Detroit and forgot to tell you!!
We are not Mexico, thankfully.
ABBY LEE DANCE COMPANY
I love a parade.
i can see your tweets together, n000b
Just for today I felt like a queen because that's who I am and do not need it but I believe I've never done it.
Logan what up boy
Worms are seriously disgusting. Thanks marine science.
And big props to my boy #IBALKA and the on their SWEEP. Get that ring !!!
The Forklift, the French Press and the Hamburgler.
Nominate your favorite #music #venue to be a part of our #beta #trial! We're going to take #Facebook by storm! Just you wait, ya'll.
Me three! RT : Me, too. RT : 's Tramp is one of the albums I'm anticipating most this year.
Best wishes for a successful 2012!
so have I! I'm always nice to my parents :)
WOW!!! I'll have what you're having!!!
I FOLLOWBACK for GOOD KARMA
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space;everything else is opinion.
About to head to the wedding of the yr! One groomsmen already in jail! Bring on the church then off to the 18,000sq/ft mansion to party!!!!
Enterprise, Bellwether Form Firm, Plan $1.5B in 2012
well hell that a do. Lol
Rejection still feels the same.... but just when i was down,I was offered a 10K donation to Last Breath!!! God has a sense of humor,i likey
im doing great! Thanks how about u darling? :) x
I'm bummed about it too! It won't be the same without you, love you foreverr
a lot of people have my netflix password....all i wanna know is which one of them watched my little pony every single day for hours...
rewatching entourage right now... Just as good if not better than watching a new show
hey how u doing
Even a slice of the consumer/geo data the campaigns are or will be buying.
McAlister's...again!
when all your friends are constantly in relationships, or seeing people and I'm here like, yeah, me and junk food got it going on..
im not Jasmine haha :) Im just a fan <3
Thanks to all for a wonderful
Wow. If I'd known it was going to come to that I'd have bought the book and flagged you down at the Mall.
Class discussion on Photo Documentary and shaping the historical understanding of your time for future generations. Kids rocked it.
It might be possible to read music tweets & see sick posters of cool day shows from #sxsw but really these barbecue pics are just plain mean
really that easy?!
While focusing relentlessly to this awesome SM presentation by , has just kidnapped my new iPhone.
Do you eat your Big Tomato Pizza with a fork or with your hands? Post your picture on our page showing how you enjoy your pizza!
You're such a pretty thing when you're done up properly.
lmao mine broke like 3 months ago but i had guarantee so i got a new one ha
one word: Antitrust.
oh shit that's what's up we need to get this gringo bucks some how right lol
We are closed today and tomorrow.
There aren't many movies that I enjoy watching more than once. Surviving The Game is one notable exception.
LOL RT ": Alcohol. RT : #Caps fans, describe your emotions in one word. Go."
April is #WorldAutismAwarenessMonth Thanks for all you do for this cause
Pretty sure Dan's rant about women with NRQs just paid his ex-wife a backhanded compliment :)
LOL defense heavy!
I live in San Diego :) Hope you have a great time here
I need to find my extra battery. Forreal doe!
It's crazy how unfailing God's love is 4 us. I can't express how grateful I am that He does! Smile 2day, because God loves you to no end!
And now I'm going to roast my Mom a chicken from the Farmer's Market with fresh fennel that she grew herself, bocce later. It's a banner day
I'm just a junior....I don't get a congrats
dude I'm loving Aoki! He's the ultimate pest!
Client sent out 20 resumes, got 5 responses and one of them turned into a great new job. Nice way to end the week!
what could that be?
You should want to strive to be much more each day in a positive manner. Looking to leave a seed of goodness and Gratitude of blessings...
BAHA if you dont wnna get yer hands dirty then i dont mind getting the job done haha niggas roasted >D
you should go on tinychat tonight. please?
explains brand is who you are, what you do and what you say.
If you are what you eat then Voldemort is a unicorn
So excited for Survivor: Philippines!
hey :) whats up?
Does anyone know why there's someone/something parachuting over the city right now? Cc:
Inquiring mind wanna know: What do YOU do to stay motivated?
is in the hood today!! Just ya know...takin a chopper over to 's house...
thanks for the card, it was a pleasure working with you. Looking forward to seeing on TVs across America shortly.
still thinking about #Qwikster. I think the main issue is how annoyed I am that it's intentionally spelled wrong.
Rockin Time!! RT Everyone having FUN? #Smmanners @ me any questions/concerns/comments
This okc-lakers game is gonna be firey tonight
we are an incorporated DC nonprofit and have submitted our 501c3 app!
What's your favorite tool to project Tweets at an event?
Wow thats all I can say is WOW...
and ~ Thanks for the retweets!
should have partied with us grandma! The was delicious though. Let's make it happen.
Let's get it baby
and ya pray pray pray, that everything'll be okayy. why you makin all the same mistakes!?
I'm sorry it's scaring the dogs! Otherwise - great news & THANK YOU!!
Holding out for the CW's reboot of "Models, Inc."
Scott Walker does not have momentum. He has purchased the perception of momentum. Remember that.
Today we'll be out and about at the Tacoma Broadway Farmers Market, the Burien Farmers Market and the Duvall Farmers Market. Come say hi!
true statement
gotta say I'm starting to like much more now cuz of the voice lol he is charming!
do you keep in touch with any of the contestants after they leave??
RT : #fakedevlearn Just for fun: Type "do a barrel roll" into google. Enjoy. (I hear they're teaching that in session 415)
I was so happy when I stepped on the scale. I lost 5 pounds! Then I realized my daughter was playing with the balance adjustment again.
Happy Monday!!!. How was your weekend?
I hate to say it, Tim, but US prisons have been run by robots for decades.
People ask me, how do I see the future of blues music? A: AFRICA! Our reappropriation inspired by Fela kuti, Ali Farka Toure, & others!
Sometimes we just need to learn to let go..
I heard cal put Maths body bag in a body bag! Then went down to the coroners office and body bagged him again.
sbeing a boy is harder
Some drill batteries just won't take a charge. I'm sure there's a metaphor in there.
But what kind of collab program could we do? Are you too busy for booktalks during that early school time?
RT : This documentary on Chicago's violence is really good... I didn't know nothing about "CeaseFire" or the "Interrupters"
CAN-SPAM Tip 2: Don't pre-check boxes on your opt-in page, let THEM decide. Don't send a different newsletter other than the one they chose.
SLEEPY, but can't go to sleep just yet...
Someone should come over right now and Mia my face and feed me a taco. I'm just saying.
Stand your ground law in Florida means loser of a fight can shoot you.
Rutgers really pressuring USF, 5 shots in the half, none on goal, one finding post. Let's GO BULLS! Get some pressure on the other end
": lol... imma put ma dirty pink converse up yo midget belly" lol imma funny looking midget
so down let's get a group together and go
Time for a run around
Only at kings is dead air filled with "these are the opening words of the aeniad by virgil!"
I want to go swimming
are you live-tweeting Whitney Houston's funeral?
Loving the Luxuries of life: jewelry, handbags & fine art. All can be found
#smile (: excited?
Niall is my future husband. He is millions of girls future husbands. You're gonna have a lot of grandchildren! ;)
Wtf! Omg LOL dude I almost fucking spit my gum out I was laughing so hard. Really? Twins? Not even<3
Thanks. Great read! And, incidentally, presupposes terminology of 'page-sized machines...known as pads' :)
Why does throwing the word, "lady" on the front of almost anything make it funny? Ladyhands. Ladypants. Ladyballs.
thanks David!
hey....much love for T or D
lol no. add anything you want to the argument!
But it was still very awkward.
Any suggestions on a good cafe or something to meet, talk and write in or around Hollywood? I need a quiet-ish place w/ parking.
A big win for Thursday night.
Bricktown Bar Crawl from OU or UCO campus will run Halloween night for $15 each! Call to set reservation for 10 or more pass. 447-2446
I miss you baybayyyyyy
Thanks for retweet!!
Do it! Become a vegetarian. I've been doing it for 25 years and have never looked back.
Fantastic mtg w/ Founder of last night, one of smartest guys I know! #Perseverance will take these guys places.
People who say looks don't matter are full of it unless they're ugly too
Uh oh... My LinkedIn requests and updates are very high this week. Chances are a massive layoff occurred. Again.
What's up with Chirpify?
Prz Obama's tax paid "safety net" is all too familiar. Having an Uncle that perpetually pays the bills means more family dependents
Fire Jeff Hardy, please and push AJ Styles as the face, trust me please.
Finally heard some of #HellYeah on YouTube! makes me happy.
Now following -- Should be interesting if he actually uses it.
Don't get me wrong I understand it's purpose, we all rather look at pictures, but why degenerate the quality? We Worked hard for that 1080p!
whats happening cool! thanks for the add lets rap soon. Mich.
Jimmy Clausen is starting for the Panthers this week
alright brother. I'll hold you to that, if ever sends you up to NY, we'll grab drinks.
lol you already know ;)
Lost my cashmere shawl. I'm so sad, feel like crying. I loved that shawl.
Going to see May 4th with my sisters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I've never been more shocked a/b a sports outcome. Couldn't believe when Denver beat Green Bay in the Super Bowl but this was a bigger upset
heyy!!! The only movies Ive seen in the theater lately are with Roxey. Beauty and the Beast in 3D was excellent :) miss u EJ
Qualifying statement.
quite an all-star team sitting in the trainer's room. And it's still early May.
it's really scary when we argue /:
so my roomies are moving out in 9 days... yet they told me we have the apartment till the 27th of may... umm wtf
you can almost guess who's going to be a grumpy customer from the get go. What do you do when your hunches are right on?
Everyone listen to and download some good music from an upcoming artist my man Don't forget to follow and tweet to
I have three screws in my knee, idk about just acls
Gotta drop a pre-beat deuce before this one
He pushed the shit out of him
cool song "Caught Up"
Follow back if you're cool! Haha...not pressuring you! (okay maybe a little) you know what to do!
Buenos Dias Everyone. You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
And watch while apologists for the Netanyahu govt say "But we're LETTING THEM export clothes now! We're AWESOME!"
Frustrated... And kinda mad
Tell it like it is,Gras waspissed at Hank for saying he'd rather be Lookin at her
The hardest part about growing up is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
i know "about" acoustics. unless you need someone to do math, in which case fuck off.
Need a blunt right now
Spilling coffee in your car on the way to work is a telling sign of the kind of day you will likely have
The day I knew you would leave, that was the day I could hardly breath
Thanks! 1 pick away from my next one. May make it risky!
thank you for the follow back!
That's an excellent idea!
Pls share ur thoughts on panels when you get to Glazen Zaal. Good wifi here
Hey Zach could you tweet just for me "hey vane" or RT this? I love you Zach, you and all the wimpy kids hehe :D
Gettin ready to go to grammas, happy mothers day (:
Got a bit of headache...the Bruce Springsteen soundcheck isn't helping it go away...but I'm definitely not complaining!
No school for me today , im sick :(
No Brenner is... Frats before brats.
So happy mothers day to ur mommy <3
show is SOLD OUT! Did you get your tickets??
Beyonce gave birth to Jay-Zs baby...now I have to deal with not being an only child.
Ok I've tweeted enough for this A.M <U+270C>till later!! #hairflo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>
meh a little backlash is good dontcha think? :)
I'm up for that. If you've got the guts.
Get your free “Who you are, where you are” profile. Add your multiple lifestyle profiles to one convenient place. www.swingfestevents.com
I apologize for blowing up everybodys timeline with
JOIN us and take pride in VA!!! We are local, host EVENTS, provide you with everything those other sites do BUT we bring our site to life!
In honor of national Volunteer Week, we would like to say a special thank you to our 200+ dedicated volunteers who help us out year-round!
My friend is telling me about her pet unicorn which is annoying her. Um help meeeeh -K
Huggies are awesome dude, its so comfty. Omg just kidding. xDD
biased Van Gundy that was a shot to the head
"The more they tried to make it just like home, the more everybody missed it."
Happy 21st Birthday! told me you were celebrating today. ;) Hope you have a totally #Nicktastic day! <3
Have a fantastic and safe trip!
no game of thrones board game tonight/yesterday :( maybe some today/tomorrow?
yeah I agree, connotation and intent is huge
yeah, I didn't have the heart to correct you. re: Harassing / Harnessing
This seems about par for the course for most corporate projects...
Tonight HEAVY HAND plays with and 10pm! Yes!!
hard class. Mouse, floppy drives, serial inputs etc. So confusing
Are you sure your not the REAL Billy Clyde?
Chrome's incognito mode works better.
Hugo was great! You seeing it in 3d?
:( guess its just me and my pillows..
Alright Gamel, let's get 2 homers in one night!
The "Take Action" series highlights those making a difference.We honor those who refuse to be bystanders
fell asleep on the with me and she snoring! :D haha
Alright kiddies! Who's ready for a debate? God knows there's gotta be some newsworthy shit out of this…
Air connoisseurs. RT : The air has a palatable heaviness today.
Mom told me I couldn't be a lesbian, so to settle with bisexual. She wants grandbabies or something.
Seriously ! Paging #artsorgs in SF, #MadMen viewing party needed. :)
everyone's staying home.
lol I'm just kidding, I'm at the gym
Major Market in Fallbrook is the grooviest throwback market. Amazing selection, and everyone moves slow.
how was the wedding
If you're free tomorrow,you should ride down w/ us to TJ & see what the IMPLAN folks are doing to make TJ better for bicycling
Wichita State, Western Kentucky & West Virginia. 3 W's not one Win.
Thanks for asking-will follow your advice. Almost didn't "recognize" you. is right, nice avi pic :)
yeah they are and they're like 69 dollars lmfao
This chem hmwrk is killing me
#ShamrockRun Let's do this!! Light rain. 38 degrees. I've consumed oj and one sausage link. Here's to keeping that down.
I voted republican in the primary election, btw. I'm pretty sure that's the only time THAT will ever happen.
you have your iPhone set the 24 Clock? Socialist!
Great game OKC.
TRust God and live a day at a time! Norman P veale
Our Happy Hours app uses your phone's GPS to detect all of the happy hours near you right now! www.gotime.com/mobile
the pillows look awesome ;)
Sounds like your Thursday is gonna be dope, then! Especially since you're talking to both of our school's newspapers.
what happened?
ok what :)
is there anything against installing a zip-line off my balcony onto campus in my lease?
hey! Nice meeting you- hope you enjoyed ur night in town!!
Ah thank you! :)
Ill be watching!!
Racquetball, meet my throat. How do you do?
"when people say they like drake, im like "no.... I LIKE DRAKE"" -
It is a gloomy day here in Chicago ... Seems about right to even out the amount of fun the band had this weekend.
honeys wanna chat but all we wanna kno is where the party at ?
what kinda math are you doing? I hate math :(
- Where else would I be?
i'm at a payphonee.
Lipsitz: Relations between races are also relations between spaces. Segregated space is like a perpetual motion machine.
I love how people say there true friends but when u need them the most no one will answer there phone
Not the night I had in mind
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz prettyy plzzz!
At the doctors <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
omg, I'm addicted to :) HAHAHA! LOL :{)
A whole lot of awesome
"4 Out/1 In" file won't open --- message says the file is damaged
Glad adele won. HEART her
The Lost Boys at 4am. Yup. I'm groovy.
under today's date! ((:
Pause on the DVR...barn burner between Grizz & Lakers.
Baby I'm counting on you
Now that all the rain is gone and it has washed your house for you call Mr.D's to paint the exterior and get a jump start on spring.
Since Van Gundy is name-dropping Pete Chilcutt, can he compare Pau Gasol to Matt Wenstrom?
Shorts, sandals, sun & wind.
when you're significant other all of a sudden has a password in their phone <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092>
I wish I could sleep earlier
ok cool. I will let you know how it rocks!!
Ain't nobody I know win the lottery
Hey : Why can't I use my computer as my phone? I want a softphone, but I don't need roaming or another number
. That's a great point, Bob. So true
Just prompted by Facebook to update my privacy settings to their new "recommended" settings.
Omg their was 8 fights at school today it was crazy and ur was right after we got done doing fact
Trivia is back tomorrow! Hint: Brush up on the year Earth Day was first celebrated :)
Shoutout to . Follow him!
Hidden Nature – Hearts 2 | online games by Lista Juegos Online
Its not the load that breaks you down... Its the way you carry it. Top of the new week!
snding it your way!
Teaching, teaching and more teaching
Apologies if this has been asked. What type of match do you feel is under-utilized? I lean towards best 2 of 3 or best 3 of 5.
Way to go Marcus Perez from the Enclave with the time to beat for the Kiwkset Key Control Deadbolt Test - 17.28 seconds...wowza!
Bahja can you follow us back?
Today is one of those days where you lay in your bed and listen to Ed Sheeran
thank you! Happy mothers day to you too
I'm excited about seeing our Oregon friends (and !) tonight...but can we get the rain to stop before we drive to OC?
Roberta Flack Wows Dogwood Festival Atlanta ’s own jazz violinist Ken Ford and Grammy Award winner Robert Flack perform Saturday night du
haha u read my mind!
"I'm all about paging." - has important opinions.
wait...what?.. Lol
Who is still up?!
Just got invited to Q-100's "in the mix" meeting. Yes.. I am "in the mix" lol
Go to Google. Search 'let it snow'. :-)
report: colleges make gains in access but not success. Congrats to #CUNY for being an exception&increasing success rates!
I played zac on the last episode, this show is awesome and has the coolest crew and cast glad to work on it!
I've never seen anything on coffee from you. Do you have a favourite coffee shop or beverage?
Evidence of good community site: FAQs written for the community, not by lawyers
DU prof Gordon Von Stroh, who authored reports on ColoSpgs' apartment market, has died at 69 from Lou Gehrig's Disease. He will be missed.
I needn't have read any of this. Mental pictures...
Idk wtf is going on wit all these smells in my apartment but it's just fucking gross. Straight up.
It's a little like being at sea with no idea in which direction to head.
PLEASE HELP TRAND SO CAN SEE ; #mahomiesNEVERgiveup please (:
#TwSIG Jeff Howe creating way to crowdsource recipes on recipes on twitter. Happening in May, now!
You RT me How about a Follow back
Rhythm Method goes on tonight from 7:30-11pm!!
Tired of the guys lying 2 me abt what they have RT I'd give up my #bachelor lifestyle for a girl who doesn't have a head shot.
whats the weather looking like for game time?
Do you think Kerr would be a good fit? Savvy enough to negotiate Allen's mgmt style?
I miss sleeping on the phone though
Even in the loudest crowd, you can hear a whisper
We're all nice n' registered for this year's 48 Hour Film Project! Do it!
": Liberalism offers a handout. Conservatism offers a hand up!"
o yea im tryna hop on that offer
Thanks for the follow, Kellen.
nice! I'm on the 12th floor but my last day is next thurs! maybe i'll see u around in the caf during lunch?
Thank you & for RT'ing the story about our anniversary celebration!
Three days until pageant weekend! Am I ready?!
#Upfronts: Announcing all the new TV shows I'll never watch.
You just gotta keep livin' man. L-I-V-I-N.
shut up dajuan lol...I AM NOT A MAN...
hi haven't been on all day. But what u mean by this? Gmt + 8.... i'm in yo future. :)
: Make sure to check out the #5oclocktakeover!
noted my dude.
For some reason im starting to like pitbull...
The red carpet for the #Grammys should include sponsor activation. Pepsi visible from interview area.
Lucy Saunders, American History Gal
So fuckin frustrated right now
Fuck it , Lets Text ? :D
Ugh, it wasn't pretty. I have less than 6 months here....
No I didnt stop caring, People made it a point to set me out and pick at me! so what happens when I set out. NOTHING!
Thanks for following!
Had a great morning with Chemical Engineering students talking about Strengths-Based Leadership! And its only 8am back home!
..I'm blessed bro. Lauren is doing great too. How's the fam? i see you been on your grind !
Can yu unsubscribe yo tweets from my fone please ???
I just found out the city of Gary still operates on the 2002 National Electric Code. Its time to get with the times.
First morning run in almost a month! That was rough...
started a gluten free diet. fingers crossed that this helps.
lol and he tried to smear my name saying I was lying when I warned everyone.
Time to kick in to couch potato mode! Xxxooo everyone. Enjoy your evening!
Ok cool
Not only do you give our table to someone else, but you don't even offer to fix it beyond telling us to wait 30 more minutes?
because you weren't following back smh
This bus is cold as shit
#edu11 has been a great experience. Many innovative companies pushing the envelope & many in #highered willing to take the leap
if only my Mani could do likewise
thanks cuz! Miss you guys!
I got check out of school today...because I really don't feel like myself at all...hope I feel better :(
You have done what no other has been able to! LOL!
Can I come on tour with you? I can manage something, like the lingere?
Bout to hit that gym with
Took a 30 min power nap!
I just drooled when Mitch, Cam and Lily passed the Mexican restaurant next to New Orleans Square!
Showing no more mercy to Texas Animals...i see u...imma hit u...
join the zombie hunt anyway. You can be hunted or you can just borrow a nearby phone.
RT : hell yea cant none come n try to brake us apart <--- #KnwDat !!!
I hate spending money on yearbooks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happiness is just a "For a little while" thing for me..
hello. I miss thee.
I need a compilation mixtape from and
I had better not see anyone get off a bus and go to this rally
- Thank you for a fantastic night. Hope you'll be back soon!
Shark Night was as crappy as I expected. Though the characters had alot of self-esteem/inferiority issues, the real victim was the viewer.
awhh I love you too.!?<3:)
God morning Atlanta! We are up and ready to make our double punch drink of the day, a peppermint mocha for YOU!
speaking about the power of pln's on Twitter YAY!!
Good morning folks ...it's my last few hours in Raleigh, NC. Beautiful town but can't wait to get back to NYC
well said
(and) Thanks!
Couldn't attend the Fulbright kickoff? Join the Office of Merit Awards for a small-group advising session tomorrow, 6-7pm, McKinley 155.
love the Belmont pick! Have them to the sweet 16. Hope your right...
SPOTLIGHT: Intl. Rett Syndrome Foundation funds research for treatments and a cure for Rett Syndrome. #charity, #nonprofits,
What was?
im startin to think miami heat got bad luck. the whole big three is out and its almost playoffs
I'm going to recharge at Urth Cafe this afternoon for Run #2 of the day at Niketown.
Where are you now
im watchin jew.
fingers crossed!
Perfect day for #psych marathon!
What level can Davis play at? I had 2 schools yesterday asking about PGs.
My parents insist that I go out but of course I rather just stay home. I'm not normal, LOL
I am so tired.
Another dog purse! Lucky number slevin...err 7
We will win. #Barca RT : this chelsea match has me nervous
generally agree w/ most but 26 yr old MJD is the type of player that will answer all those ? Marks.
Dogs are miracles with paws. - Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy (via )
you gone learn today all right all right all right lmao
Columbia City stop in today for the first day of the "12 Days of Andaluz" & get 12% off the entire store.
Good morning tweeps.
not in like the past 3 months. I've gotten better with nothing to show. Ehh eff rap, I want Bacon.
Got your Tweet.Mine are follow invited
Time to paint. So happy.
I Need To Start Tweeting Again ..
Finish those flicks - Deadline for 's 's DIY film competition is 4/15!
Mr.Huestis: Try and do your homework... I don't care if you don't...
Let's be honest: Two and a Half Men lost steam as the season progressed.
I saw an anarchist today breaking Niketown's windows while wearing Air Jordans. He then erupted into a ball of ironic flames.
Love me for my ambition
Chill people, it's not that serious-_-
<U+266B> Listening to 'January Rain' from 'David Gray' <U+266B>
Kepler Lucas :I bark because I miss you. There I said it. Now hurry home.
Welcome to Houston News Globe on Twitter
What am I wearing lol
yup working a double! And heck yes baby!
On my desk sits a gnome, a fairy riding a unicorn, and two crows. Not sure of the deeper meaning but who cares - I like em all.
don't forget to text JG #. Let's finish our talk, and put some strategies in place. (thanks for sharing).
The #oneworldtradecenter is a symbolism of our country..you try to bring us down we just get back up and stand taller.
Ugh! This freakin electricity!
We do what we can ;-)
Tie for 2nd place faves: Sci-Five shirt from and Little Vampire plushy from &
Ima b up all night
Ain't that the truth? (And increasingly important.) RT There is a multiplicity of meaning in age, ageism and nostalgia.
Now this is just getting annoying
Treasure Box San Diego's March menu available now - feeds a family of 4 lunch & dinner 4 about a week - check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
has done it. Has finally given you a reason to attend Hump. The reason? He stars in one of the entries.
As much as I would love to lay on this floor and listen to Ben Howard all day, there are things to folded people. CATCH ME AT THE O NAVY.
- this guy is like the Moses of Bearding!
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.17
- really liked your illustration in the NY Times big data article
Dogs are better behaved on flights than children. Kid infront of me literally screaming.
If Natalie Portman will give the award to #jeandejurdin, that would be a truly beautiful moment
yeah, and it's showing the one "simple abstract". I would LOVE that one. I really love your abstract work Gina
Lakers gettin the coon shiiid beat out of them in game 1
who are you???
a who won that fight
The Browns better become the football version of Moneyball this season. Brett, is Jeremy Giambi still available?
I am glad caught up to Biden and Cheney
Looking into ads. If you've used, how successful was it for your small business? #feedback appreciated
Tweeting from #DPLAWest in SF today.
Awesome MT My video debut was a disaster,but I'm all about your safety.Sorry if my tone wasn't right.I liked the remix!
Remember LiLLiES #HappyHour is ALL DAY Monday and Tuesday! $3 domestics, $5 rails, $6 house wine, and half price off apps!
Somebody is setting my #Steelers up with these fuckly fucking power outages
Players, take notice: money never sleeps.
I like green tea, red wine and dark chocolate. I'm set for a long & healthy life :)))
Thanks Lori!!
Wait, what? I can subscribe?
Seriously. She NEVER sits & watches a whole movie and she hasn't moved once. I think there are subliminal messages or something.
California Dreamin' - The Mamas & The Papas
They're all like me & "waiting in vain" to get a flt 2 the Caribbean today after the airline canceled it due to mechanical issue
I'm not sure what that means but I think I like it.
#OneThingKianSam OMG IM SO EXCITED <333
I am determined 2 be more!
Getting ready at Shriners Hospital for the annual biker invasion. It's going to be a good one.
Library catalog and e-resources back up!
I shouldnt miss him but i do:(
Got u blowin up her phone while she succin dick..
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
Every player has a ceiling and a basement. Which one are you headed to?
R.I.P Macho Man
Today I'll be delivering a dozen of my framed prints to the courthouse in #Leesburg. The exhibit is expected to hang this weekend.
My colleague talked me out of doing the clean up project I was going to undertake with file globbing by reminding me that it was Friday.
This bamma just talks and talks without actually saying anything...
Taxes are lame. I gotta pay money to new jersey. Fuggetaboutit.
Congrats to newest NextBop contributor ! LIKE his FB page and see his show tomorrow: 8pm at Orchestra Hall. Good times ahead!
Judge: Military's 'don't ask, don't tell' policy is unconstitutional
Watching hockey on CNBC is a hoot. "Nasty hit by Raffi Torres. That's a Shanaban. Don't forget to watch our Costco documentary tomorrow."
Time for another senior shoot!
Just had an uplifting thought ... As UT prepares for Baylor, the aggies are sitting in their stables and pens thinking about that loss.
How much love are you willing to receive?
Sweet! RT We confirmed Thrice for August 13th :)
good morning hun!
If you saw our Pop Quiz tweet & wondered about 's bike it's a Harley-Davidson® Softail® Deluxe. See her with one in the calendar!
Hi Jeri!! LOVE YOUR BOOK-AWESOME GOOD SOLID INFO. THANK U! www.donnalynne.com
Seem to be hanging a lot in DuPont Circle these days.
RT :funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...hes 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life.
(: ah that totally made my day! What did you this weekend? (:
Smiling From Ear to Ear! God is so mindful of & still full of Faith in US!
instead of teaching content, a teacher needs to teacher the tech. useful/not useful?
forgot all about Twitter. Oops.
Didnt get an email today. Let me know how I can help and details. Hope all is well with you.
as long as you're willing to take the blame for any outburst of Leoplurodon noises I have during my classes, go for it!
Congrats, Only His is a great book and I love the Fools Gold series.
Goodmorning beautiful people.
Thanks for the shouts ! Keep dropping the tuneage! Cheers! :)
I couldn't tell if that was a stop wave or a goodbye wave, hence my confusion! Haha.
#ReplaceNickiMinajSongsWithOh Super Oh? No this is a terrible idea
So its better just not to ask
listening to in anticipation of tonight's show!! Can't wait!
Now 7-7 in the NBA w/the Under winning in Boston last night. Tonight Under 179 Clippers vs Grizzlies. Good Luck!!!
I love how faked meter reading is "typical government" but the BoA robosigning thing is an aberration. All institutions are lazy & corrupt.
AGGGHHHHH why would you do this to me?!! lol
lol Don't know how I missed it b4, but LOVE the avi pic.. R H I N O!!!
An eye for an eye and the world will blind! - Gandhi
Believe in love. Believe in happiness. Achieve your goals. Be proud to live your life.
But I'm good tho.. *harlem shakes*
Wouldn't be surprised to see #betterpassesthanrudygay..what was that?
got here by myself and plan to succeed by myself
good look fam!
Thanks, Julie!! RT Follow in Indianapolis and say Happy 140th Birthday today! :)
Woohoo! Just got approved for Comic Con! Excited! July is just around the corner.
We only have Showtime now so don't know what I'm missing. Really interested now that Chris Meloni has joined the cast
People asking me how & what I will do tomorrow but every day is 420 for me...
it's a good show dude.
i want to perform at teenhoot :) hes amazing
We're starting an expansion of our studio to better accommodate bands and large drum sets! We can't wait to record in our new space!
I'm going to try better than I already have.
1. Yall are rediculous 2. What kinda question is that she is the self-professed "jerk" cmon now
Anyone who has a really good picture from rag rock please text it to me so i can use it in my bulls eye article!
is getting really good at closing tickets in "RT".
RT : Thanks , $50k of this was a direct result of PowerPitch
hope you're feeling better! :)
I almost just punched my ASD in the face, he
jr Hemingway should be player of the game he's kept us in this
such a good show
Thanks for the follow!! Please spread the word the Dudes are game changers.
I'm gona send you a basket of fruit and a box of roses but I swear to god...you better keep it off the table.
you are all followed!
Too much #noise in your neighborhood? Who ya gonna call? DOSE BUSTERS!
On lunch for a bit...feels good to relax for more than fifteen mins. Lol
Already have him, Jim. And he's one tough bastard.
sure is a lot of kerfuffle over Blue Peter in my Timeline this morning, and I don't even know who he is
haah I'm bored like NO OTHER/: so I thought I'd tweet ya(:
i say we go hit this pizza hut buffet or something
Thoughts on the lineup?
Callin it a wrap for the 2nd time 2night... Tired as a mutha fucka!!!! I love my sleep, especially when my babies next to me....
I swam down shit's creek and came up clean... With a new lease on life like Andy Dufresne...
that's okay. taught me. He won't even know what it's for, but that's okay. I'll teach him.
Vols Offer Maui Travel Package. UT has partnered with All Seasons Travel to offer a four-night travel packag... ow.ly/1cK8x3
Tonight: Ezells and then +
gimme some too I'm always nice :]
Sparklers in your bloody that's right patriotism baby. $5 bloody, $4 John daly's $4 bombsickles and $4 mimosa and $4 red white n blue bombs.
Thanks! (I forgot to uncheck the "publish to twitter!")
The reall husbands of hollywood and I love this song..lol ayye sunday,monday,tuesday,wednesday,thursday,friday,saturday...woot woot
only a true #Belieber would tweet you at 3:14am to vote for a cover for #Boyfriend :)
Its going to be a HOT HOT HOT week!!! Did you know we have an indoor and outdoor pool that features a swim through between the 2?
In-n-out drive thru of hell.
what no you can't
With the rising popularity of Tanning Mom, we have officially entered the generation of "Is she black or is she tan?"
And...now I'm blushing *again* after realizing I just publicly admitted to still rockin' to DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince.
you're going to be the governor? We're in trouble!
Thx for the follow.
I will never root for the Eagles again
RT : Old buildings are not relics from the past, they are templates for the future.
this place is too filthy to cook
Made a man twice my size tap out today using one of 's moves
At this point chances seem pretty good and I do think it's a good idea
Volunteer for DIFF. Orientation at 9 this morning at the Angelika Dallas.
okay so if I have to pick it would be Joe he's fearless and love his dance moves! BTW you unfollowed me thanks:(
Miss you too! Come visit us.
yes but you love the brittle...;)
Study with your students - show them how - most never learned because their teachers in the past never taught them how.
I am working on it! coming soon!!!x
oh! Lol yes.. Saturday included tequila at 4pm so I was confused for a sec! Haha
I miss being a kid. No one cared how u dressed,we were all friends,n u could just be yourself.When did we turn so judgmental? :) Swag
Call me crazy, but I don't think I'll be attending
of course not!!!
Wanted: A talented, hard working Technical Recruiter for our Philly office.
Maybe the macro shot can capture the fire on the stone. It's really tricky. I've wasted a lot of shots trying to do just that.
nervermind. I found you on YouTube. I subscribed to you! :)
Today in Literary History: On May 7, 1812 Robert Browning (English poet and playwright) was born in London, England.
Bored out of my fucking mind
Just saying your like insanely gorgeous :)
My mom just renamed Charlie to Puddles
My office staff called out sick and had a customer right at 9 ... going to be one of those days
hey! It's the same as this! Hmm. I don't use it that way tho! Lol. You'll be my first one! I really need to get into it tho! Lol.
Good. Bryan Eisenberg will be glad to hear that
Thanks for following. Hope you week is going well.
#OWS | #CPD/Gestapo Mayor/nor Congress can make any law to prevent/stop protest of economic injustice allowing tax$ 4 death & destruction !!
Thanks so much! #blushing RT My pleasure! I love spreading the word; PEMCO is doing such inspiring, soulful marketing
“Do as much as you can to stay connected to people doing good work in the business.”
Goodnight twitter!:)) got school in the morning.-. Not looking forward to that...
Cantilever racking gives you a clever storage solution that accommodates long, awkward items with ease.
We work hard to maximize your profit while minimizing the cost. --RPMCentralValley
I thought Kourtney was Just Leave me alone And I told my dad and he said to un-follow u and delete u on Gmail :( So sorry
Okay good for you! Let me know when you have the first party! Lol
NPS has a community tool box w tips for dialog and active listening
Playing GearsOfWar 3 on my fancy new XBox. It is unspeakably awesome. Let's not speak about how not-awesome I am at it.
Bitterness is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Remember the time Gump Worsley got a concussion from a hard-boiled egg to the noggin? The crowd was egg-static.
RIP Shiree Moore
Yeah poorly stated by me, try "redirected" RT "1 reason to digitize collex is workload reduction" Everyone laughs
nanana #bostonredsox al day, we got real pride not band wagon jumpers!! Haha, healthy rivalry
I have this really bad habit of not feeling too well, deciding to call out sick, and then going to work anyway. I blame my parents.
Hm, not unless your a musician..;)
Thanks for all the Shout Out's #Bieber & #Miley Fans. I only Promo on Fridays but I will return the favor....
I' tired!
#Nurses from around world are explaining how forces of privatization are not just hurting the US, but their countries too.
Happy Birthday Homie! S/O to !
What made you laugh recently?
Happy Chinese New Year, Gung Hay Fat Choy. May the coming year bring you good health & good fortune.
#happydyngusday dyngus & pussywillow r funny words. U know you'll b on
#Love has a way of speaking for itself. It is when we speak for it that we can misrepresent it.
haha well at least you can still play it! :P
what are your favorite colors?
I like the part of elections when the winners and losers call each other. Happening in my house now.
follow me I am already follwoing if not then i will follow you no problem
Meaky baby I kno ur up I need to talk to u
now u know I'm flexin. I stole this shit from.dis girl lmfao
I almost ate Mayo tonight. Would have died.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world, especially the two I like the most, mine and my wife.
Thoughts on NXT Season 2 Rookie Titus O'Neil?
Thanks for lunch today Baltimore & Greene we serves over 100 sandwiches today with a max 5 minute wait....
#DeltaSkyStore Happy Friday!
Oops, turned up music to 11 when WFMT played Hovhaness' Armenian Rhapsody. Sorry, neighbors.
RG3 is great. He'll make it hard to pity them. But not impossible. “: I love RGIII...Redskins to ruin him with our taint.”
Take a look last year in March we he came back from injury. #mnwild went down quick.
i sometimes just forget i'm talking to a really hot chick with you :o
And a fabulous weekend to you too!
Good morning from the east coast!
Taking it one page at a time...
that's a total contradiction. You either feel like or you have clothes on. Both is impossible. Which one is it?
Extremely excited that Chef Ari Rosen is cooking my bday dinner! And yes, Spaghetti & Meatballs are on the menu!! Yaay!
Sometimes it's better to write in a journal than to tell everybody your business. Reality TV ain't for everybody...
Good Morning twitfam! Our day will be busy preparing for our pergormance for Jerry Brown tomorrow. Hope your day is as musical as ours.
Holy crap... I met and his wife tonight and I'm in love with both of them.
Bye #Drakesters I have to make an English test 'cause I'm new here in Nashville;) love u all! <3
If you listen to radio ever and want to help make it better, private message me. I want to pick your brain. It won't be a pain in the butt..
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way
my god you're a genius...lets do this
After today, only one Monday left in 2011! And most of is have it off!!
Happy Mother's Day Eve!!!! Shoutout to all the sexy moms out there!!!
Budget deficit just hit $1 trilion dollars for first time in history!
bamm cam who are you dating??
“Life must be lived as play.” - Plato
Whitest people in the hood... Blackest people in the palazzo
This is my first tweet. HA!
today I am #depleted. I have no energy whatsoever. it's crazy
Cooking up a feast at the Ichikawa residence. Black bean and zucchini chilaquiles.
Some opportunities you wait for and some opportunities you create.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Just drove over a banana peel that was laying on the street. Good thing this isn't Mario Kart.
you don't like STELLA??!!
Having phone in Memphis but I miss my boo and my doodle monkeys...sending all my love to my precious family....
who's winning?
*Commercial for What Makes You Beautiful comes on* Tyler: "Hey this song isn't that bad! Wait is that One Direction? Don't tell Kohl!"
Big fan of #libchat, and an even bigger fan of Will be back next Wednesday!
hoping tomorrow isnt crazy hot like the rest of the week
You've got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it. It's called perseverance. - Lee Iacocca
... No wonder billionaires and politicians love them!" --Mark Naison
Find any nice end tables?
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
Dumbfounded by George Zimmerman's freedom at this point. We've been discussing the painfully obvious for too long.
about to start school. You?
"Just because I understand your point of view, doesn't mean I have to agree with it"
exactly what I was thinking about
The Swamp Rattlers are getting ready to start. 4 to 6 this afternoon then 7 to 10 tonight
failure is vital - “: A person who never makes mistakes never makes anything.#top #startups #incubators #entrepreneurs #investors”
Has anyone done #fox6daysofdining at ? Heading there tonight w/ before seeing the Aussie Pink Floyd.
Great article--thanks for sharing it here.
Submit stories!!
When is he not?
Tough question. I think it has something to do with the tailpipe. #commentingfromthepeanutgallery CC:
We protect children from mistakes, but we should be teaching them to make mistakes.
I am always looking at the clouds when I'm bored!
tears that stain my cheek must make me look weak, I wear tem prodly,i wear them proud!
Happy Chinese New Year! Wishing everyone lots of luck and good fortune in the year of the DRAGON!
Sheraton is SOLD OUT. To reserve a hotel room, call Howard Johnsons downtown 813-223-1351. Only $85. Rate code: IRT. Free shuttle to HIAC.
u know what I just thought of. I think we should got to six flags one day :)
You have ADD too?! I have to do this.
hey is Tommy's still around in LA?
u don't fool me...I know u don't do what your told!
And this is what happens when you take a nap from 1130-230 pm.
The run, TV and paper usually start the day. Twitter...not so much.
but is that Beehive also a notorious brothel?
Yes, the NBA before the playoffs.
I mean idc I want the Heat to win it all anyways I just hate the Celtics.
Nicely done. :)
Gracious! Caution number 10 with 4 left to go!
Why, by getting pols to pledge not to contact corp lobbyists, we'd...
RT : Love that Joanne Griffith described importance of audio-visual archives, documenting Civil Rights Movement.
I don't live for others opinions...in fact I could care less about what you think...who the hell are you to judge me on anything that I do
from what i saw on the local news tonight i wonder if they will even try, or if they will save their energy.
id be there if I could, obviously.
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW
Stop by TanWorks.com to check out our April Specials! Hurry in, they won't be here for much longer!
Downtown Texas de Brazil is just crawling with frats on this fine evening.
Even though i barely know you why do i keep thinking about you?
RT RT Some day you'll go far. And with any luck, you'll stay there.
Right back at 'cha! Have a wonderful day!!!
itsso fucking hot here and the pool was closed for awhile so i needed something to cool me off
Though it's not real Mexican. It's the closest im going to get today. Taco Bells Party 12 Pack!! :)
q2 #libchat a job sdescription with responsibilities spelt out. nothing helps success like knowing the goal.
Phil Davis asks Peter Brantley whether "culture trumps technology" in scholarly publishing - your thoughts?
Planning site visits for Monday in Minneapolis. If you are a Commercial Printer or Folding Carton Mfg, call 888-BRAUSSE and ask for Jake.
"My other briefcase is a Ferrari!" #SmackTalk from Parade's Precision Attache Drill Team
Just registered to vote in the state of New York (in Kings County nonetheless) FML
Mass Mentoring Partnership Names Marty Martinez New President &amp; CEO - MarketWatch (press release)
Good luck this morning phriends!
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2012 Chicago Cubs
Whatever I will focus on the matter at hand .Showcase going down May 20th .. 26th and State ...my artist is going to snap off!!!!!
Howcome the "Real Housewives of ...." any city are effed up? #whyisthat?
Preparing for the #RocCityRising event at the #GeorgeEastmanHouse tomorrow. Who's going to be there?!?!?!
what'd you get?!!!
thanks so much I'm blessed to have you on my team !! I saw all the emails incredible :)
thank you so much for bringing such great energy to the studio. It was truly a pleasure to work with you!
Hurrah! Glad he resurfaced.
im doing great! How are you?
Wishing my peeps a great day in the Big Apple!
you don't really believe that I'm gay do you? Me n Jake are like best friends we act stupid.
as a writer sure, lots of props! But as a reputable resource in the field of urban planning/design?
hahahah xD no your one of them!
verily I say unto ye, thou shalt refrain from grossing folks out with sandal, foot, + toe jam.
Definitely just spotted a mullet at UTSA graduation. It's the little things that help pass the time.
back from vacation.... time to go on a diet...
Woah! Thanks Al.
Sorry random thought.
not at all... Great chatting! So nice we're both chair elects of districts
How was everyone's day?
Way to go Bucs!! sacrifices and in comes McLouth... Lets get the W for AJ!!!
Portfolios or Padfolios. Tons; just search "custom leather padfolio"
Good luck! Stir the pot!
It's peanut butter jelly time! :D
#SOMEWell is kicking off - a great group for this early in the morning
Kiesha had ALL that time to talk but waited until Tami walked away.... Again
Hey Guys! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
why must life be so hard </3?
"These nerds... are a threat to our way of life" - Revenge of the Nerds
Blah blah blah. Hi cupcake!
Running a on my #BlackBerry. Brb!
#Adele with a close second she can belt it out for sure... No gimmicks there
Finally found my other FV shirt!
I don't know where the good times went.</3
Big dick vs. Fame. Fame always wins. I'm all over your shit. Lets film this and get crazy
yeah can you follow my friend and my cousin if yout not already following them
They're a few of my favorite words: reduce, save,eliminate. We care about the environment & we care about saving money
My young friend loves music, facebook, animals, pasta, & purple, to name but a few things.
Do not be scared just do it adam will be getting a lot of birthday wishes that day besides he loves his fans
Thanks were glad u enjoyed the performance, It was great to meet you! Next is NYC
Have u followed my fav photographer - check him out!!!
I know ! I was mad. /: I tweeted on my personal and told them to bring Cody back and they said it's a secret !
to be safe is to be an exception.
Spotify keeps turning itself into offline mode every tiny hiccup in connectivity.
Attended a great presentation yesterday at the Florida Structural Engineers Association (FSEA)
ah I love this! so beautiful! Where was this??
I'm burnt out on politics for the rest of the night...time for sytycd and finding something..anything 2 eat (sucks to be broke and laid off)
Where to? Albuquerque? Taos? Santa Fe? I lived in Aztec and Farmington as a kid.
poor, poor Kurt.....at home with a 102 fever..he looks so sad :(
Imagine a technique to track execution metrics at a team level? I am wondering if anyone has a case study or personal history they are wil…
ED SHEERAN ON CONAN!!!!! TWO OF MY FAVOURITE RED HEADED PEOPLE! AH!
no iam not pretty......but yeah hey I forgot to ask what hall are u on?!?!? And can't u wait till Friday I m spoon exite
how did you check that? :o
Came to the brutal realization I am no longer an athlete today...new trainer, new workout
You know my name, not my story. You know what what I've done, but not what i've been through.
Oh No. Those Were The Dungeon Days Lmao. But Thanks..
If this scene – light haired #dog lounging on a darker couch – looks familiar to you, it's time for us to visit for an #upholstery cleaning.
A guy is so much more attractive if his tweets are really good :D
Get yo gee tar on- acoustic or electric- 8 auctions close 1/2
or if you're unhappy at work, call the Colorado Solidarity Network. 720-440-CSOL
#NF because he doesn't take shit off anyone.
I need more followers
Hm. There is too much on TV tonight. Good thing for Plus! What are you watching?
oops! you can see it on my blog at www.shopmayu.com/blog
That last post a quote from
Excited to be a part of #InternPro for the first time tonight. Looks like it's going to be an interesting chat!
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. ~Henry David Thoreau
take me with and drop me off in DC
Waiting...waiting...parents spend a lot of time waiting on their kids. I guess there will b a time that I will miss it.
logic says you are correct
“: I work w sme of the movie peeps on sme things. I'll call my frnd at allied and c if it's theirs. U know w time?
"If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you have to constantly fight for their attention"
it's Tim Burton :o
I think you're terrific!
gramps! come visit soon.
Hi Jay and Jason! I'm local & want to speak with you. can we DM?
last night my mom bought a thing of 50 cookies, i go downstairs to eat one there all gone, my sister was up all night eating them
Awesome day so far, thanks god!
No doubt about it.
you will never know how much you mean to me. I love you<U+2665>
Dave Russell of at #KickOff12: "people are switching more than ever."
Another reason to attend our Dec. 17th show at the Icehouse, we will have lots of Light Rail goodies to hand out courtesy of Valley Metro.
Niggas is killin kids out here. I hope you get raped in jail until you can't hold your shit
That nephew is now telling us how his pre-algebra teacher is not only a great teacher, but also uses his sense of humor to teach.
Finna crash work in the am good ass weekend back 2 reality now..lol
RT : Have mislaid my social security number and medical records. Have a call into News of the World staff to recover them.
Thank you for your generous mention!
Just got in the crib from the park. Was ballin out
My man Murphy's beer called and yes sir I will have one. Nice dark beer!
yes he did, and they have a couple of nice groups here, both in theory and experiment..,
I hope Gary's ok...
Up up and away..
haha that sucks that your not on spring break! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
“: tree x bluffs - chillers chillin in the bows of a tree.”
I have a love/hate relationship with iTunes. mostly hate. BTW, hi :)
doing everything but reading the tipping point <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
What can I make with a can of pumpkin pie filling (besides pumpkin pie)?
Thank you for the follow! I'm a media guy, so we should get along very well.
That's NOT trash talk?! RT : Now BFH accusing me of "trashing Liberals" & forgetting I did so. All from "I am sick of Liberals."
some how i failed gym......hm
The game layer on top of the world talk by Seth Priebatsch. At sxsw. He's 22 years old and dropped from princeton after his first year
: json feature still hiding in background... Ryan you ever have any luck displaying nice rounded percentages?
is that salt on the rocks I see?
They send their love
lol idk why she's fucking witchu like wtf ? Does she know who you are ? -.-
Wtf! I'm hungry >.< I don't wanna get up...
There were 26 entrants in today's $140 buy in noon tournament. Top 3 places get paid, first is $1576. Next tournament is tonight at 7 pm.
Gimme a Boyd Cherry #GreyGoose Special - #WTF RT : Late night at the 21st visiting with and
College Baseball player of the yr, a pitcher that beat the Cuban Nat'l team and the single season home run king? Must be Cougar Legends!
Thanks, friend!
Reasonable RT : I'm always 35% hoping for tacos.
the Museum of Brills, gotta love it
*Couple in shower* Girl: "Just relax, do what you normally do." Guy: "Okay then." Girl: " What the fuck!? Are you peeing!?"
Alex has figured out how to use Twitter, I see, thanks to
yes sir! Can't wait for you to be home!
#ThingsMyMotherSays NO! Your Face Is Already Cute For You To Be Ruining It With Piercings!
throw up another brick <U+E412>
The Rage are working behind the scenes right now to make 2012 the best Rage year yet.
Having major Chipotle withdrawal
We <3 our instructors! "Love seeing the excitement on the face of a child using imagination through movement. Makes my day every time!"
Congratulations to Ryan DeGeorge and David Swarthout, the first 2 winners of Nyjer prints from Wilke Art. 5 more winners will be drawn.
Holy Peyton Manning I'm in a good mood!!!
Nick Akins talks about having fun w/ #OpFeed by playing in a band to fight hunger. What will you do to help us feed our hungry neighbors?
You're welcome!
not to rub it in, but it was an amazing life changing show.
I got u
i didd fool!
You are most welcome! Thank you!
Here We Go
F9 is the Eazy-E shortcut in After Effects.
Tnx for the follow
All this talk over Peyton going 2 Denver. Great players get traded for other great players everyday in every field.Roll w/it! I love Peyton!
i really like this photo (; very pretty
Wow I thought biking was slow, but this bus... I got through all my email though.
If the ocean was weed&I was a duck I'd swim my way down&smoke my way up but the ocean ain't weed&I ain't a duck so pass the weed&stfu! 420<3
What 1 thing will you do today to better yourself?
haha! Yea well being bored isn't fun.. but I guess that's why it's called being bored.. :P hah!
literally lolled. I hope questions fit into a cellular automata pattern.
You mean welcome bike.
Just heard about a vegan restaurant in Charlotte. Dairy and egg free kitchen, with a food allergy conscious staff? Don't mind if we do!!!!
Kerry collins is lookin like House MD
and don't drink any tea!
Not having eaten or drank in eight hours, the remarkably surreal qualities of twitter hold a highest momentary importance.
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted".
Crossed the mighty Mississippi...officially in Iowa. Briefly.
About to leave DIA... In two days we'll be in guam. And a few days after that on Iwo Jima...
Craving some OB Noodle House!!!
I swear the Constitution states:"Right to Liberty, Justice, & Pursuit of Happiness"-not work ur butt off & let us redistribute it to others!
Yeah I went last year and I'm going this year
how much are the watches gonna be... ? I only have 10$ -___-
share what you find as far as that playlist goes!
The trick is to not think about it and then when you're done, think about how cool you are
is back on land after a successful week of hurricane chasing and Pina Colada drinking :-)
This morning, I woke up as Mackenzie. Henceforth, I will be known as Desiree. Ladies, watch your boyfriends.
It was like a Gilmore Girls-Angel mashup fanfic!
My parents always defend my brothers. And then suddenly when i have tons of hmwk im a liar and its a bad excuse.
Can you explain why the Browns gave up so much to go from 4-3? No chance Vikings would've taken TR 3rd right?
unless you like talking about Broadway plays, Hollywood gowns or really really expensive cars.
you're welcome or perhaps I should say "wonder-twin powers activate!"
So ... flying to Israel with my Dad today. No, not Israel TX (no offense, Israel TX). Excited / anxious / not sure what all to expect.
#MAY27th id like to see you @ #PARTYRIOT ... soon enuff we'll link up on a song.. keep
These are still being processed & some volumes are not yet available for public use. Call the SF History Center for info 557-4567
i need the email again
Hope you enjoy your food. What are you thinking about getting?
Yay for Frankie Pickle, rut-buster
Charlie..... You drive me crazy >_<
OH OK SO WAT U WATCHING
I should start turning movies off before they get to the sad part because then I can pretend everything is okay
I can't wait to wear 's skinny jeans for the show on Friday.
Great! Though I'm a little tired of chasing my two year old during a photo shoot...How are you doing?
Yes, November!!!! xoxo
Crestline Homes is hanging on! Trying to build up a social media presence, but not a blogger yet! Still learning!
what do u mean he found u? Lol
Chip gone? my (quick) wish list in order: Petersen, Dungy, Frost, Helfrich. Not sold on Bellotti rehire... #GoDucks must move quick though
great start!
now you know how I feel whenever I'm around you
ready to get bck on my horse and straighten out her attitude problem she seems to be having
don't worry about them. High school finals are much easier than you would ever imagine.
Which pic are you talking about?
A very special shout-out to Chirs Reilly who lead our Kids' Fun Run and the 5k CASA Superhero Run on his bike. You rocked it out!
In other news a storm is brewing up in KENT, OH
I'd suggest the marketing, production and design teams do their jobs "for exposure" as well.
Can't get M People's "Moving On Up" out of my head... ...Just who do you think you are? Stop acting like some kind of star...
my good friend ...
No your not. You have Youngjae. Lol :)
I will get over and follow you! I hope it doesn't get too bad! You know that I can't live without the Internet, lol.
I think I have sabbatical-itis. Can't get motivated because all I think about is my last day of teaching next month. So close and so far.
aw <3 now I love you even more. :*
Yahoo! shuttle just passed me on Van Ness/Grove. #1 they still have a shuttle? #2 who still works there? Wish they'd had LA shuttle!
Bagpipe performance @ awards opening was by San Diego County Firefighters Pipes & Drums Unit. So cool they do that 4 Burn Institute events.
hence being good at my job. but weddings? Its too emotional. Gotta please everyone. FUCK THAT. lol
First new profile picture since December!
SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS,SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS, SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS, SNAP BACKS AND TATTOOS... WE HAVE THE SNAP BACKS FOR YOUR TATTOOS!!!!
full faith in you. Finish the thesis first.
#royals let's finish this mutha!
Flash flood warnings in la area... #thunder i dont like it at all im under the cover worm
": Chris Christie to stump for Scott Walker. Oh boy, hang on people of Clintonville.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
Sleep...where are ya?
That is hilarious! Where's the rimshot when you need it? Ba-dum, pssht.
discusses promises of moving the #infoneeds of communities forward
Funny how juniors say they dont care that we put Ronald McDonald on our wall but than they complain bout it on twitter
Hey I LOVE YEW!!! You guys are AMAZING<3333just thought I'd let you know!!:)<3333 -Love Lynsee(:<3
Dead Presidents I
#cis2011 an awesome event put on by some great people. Thank you.
winnin a billion tomorrow at Keeneland
Fuck any and everybody that still uses the word "SWAG"...lol be different lame asses..
introduced my teens to "Babylonian Gorgon" today - they thought it was pretty "hip" - still worship you.
#IfYouWereMine: Id do anything to make you feel special
just found out the my gigi has posion ivy all over her body :(
Hey Guys! Sorry I haven't been on but I'm back! And I almost have 900 followers, I just need 10 more! WOO HOOOOO!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I'm guessing you'd win every other meal today.
Always a great equation RT : Going to check out the World Championship BBQ Cook-Off tonight. Football + BBQ =
There are times when I feel as though my smile, or my kindness is taken for granted.
lol no I said dude?
RT : its raining dude. me and are tryin to chill with you Parker at work
yes... Anything but the phone!
yoo my freinnd just farted mad loud and she madd happy bout soo nasty
HA. maybe you should too...
I wish I had some Peace Tea right now.
New '09 R1 rear tallight integrators just arrived! HUGE closeout sale coming soon!!! Look for us at the upcoming Police and Fire games.
hey you know whats better then instagram ellis? GIFboom! I hope you get it and we can follow each other!
Hate me or love me either way ima be iight !!!
let't forget about comic sans either.
Have a taste for Pizza!!!
Cutting up paper & jamming the newest Kelly Clarkson album. I'm borderline obsessed & thought you should know!
on employee identity: Are you the go-to SoMe subj matter expert in your org? Likely no defined title or role. So true!
Proud to have a lot of projects prepped for launch soon. Mission is to provide great user experiences and put the net to work for clients.
Too much hand ringing going on. ECB may be slow but not stupid. Run on euro banks will be stopped by reflating. In face of deflation reflate
I cut it off :)
cheap flight as in about 25-45 bucks! Sigh, my airline days.
RT Earl Sweatshirt makes me want to run down the middle of the Highway .
i'm not ready to be an adult, it scares me and i feel so very young.
I want to change someone's life without ever realizing it.
Browsed 6 chapters of Word comments in a book MS, deciding which to copy into an email to our busiest coauthor.
RT : How is social media like print? Still need to develop content & establish an editorial calendar.
Pigott strikes out to end the inning, #Gators strand 2. No score heading into 2nd inning.
L'Shanah Tova! Wishing all of our friends a happy and healthy Jewish New Year!
Russell Wilson is a #Seahawk Great Job. #sleeper not sure, but i think Jon Gruden likes Wilson and this pick by Seattle
I left work early for this?!
The next email I receive offering me spa hotels will be blasted back to the sender with obnoxious value-added extras.
weren't you the one who said the Ravens would do something dumb to lose the game?
We all have that one relative that is always commenting on everything you put on facebook.
Omg omg omg omg
what happened?!?
Don't forget that tomorrow's our 100 Years of Women Costume Gala at 10th St. Theatre! Costumes optional for all you shy guys. Join the fun!
Shoutout to ! We're In #orlando .. Ur gonna ride with us some trip soon !
I knowww!(: his pic is adorable
Morning ya'll! Be blessed!
thanks for the Mention :-) happy friday!
Listening to rehearsing and she sounds terrific!
After party = bad idea
Thank you and for accompanying me on my 2 day journey across Texas.
My feet hurt
no problem. Good content to share. Doing well thanks.
dinner, beers, ncaa tourney.
I got through 2-3. There's only so much I can take! & they ended tonight's marathon.
I am currently addicted to Reese's big cups. @
i wanna sleep in tomorrow so bad.
Question: Is it cool to include Web 2.0 apps in "instructional technologies," or are they their own category? Separate or equal?
my pleasure :)
Tonight was fun! Great job!
This girl is my everything ! <3 i would do anything for her !
: he just wants to love you.
Hehe! Well another reason #whyilovemuseums is that they preserve and protect me so I can live forever. Is that creepy?
: Politics :: : Sports
Exactly! RT : ha ha yep! And thibgs have their proper places just 'so'
I miss watching Aaron Kampman playing for the Green Bay Packers.
Lol.. but already im getting sleepy..
Hey, great! It'll be great to see you.
People will let you down at times but God will never let you down~BAMM.
Got out of school like 20 minutes early just cause i have an appointment !
Memes are so 5 minutes ago, which means in ten minutes, hipsters will defend them to the death.
"I just called to say I love you." :) #StevieWonder #Oldies #
What a beautiful day here in Jacksonville. God is so good!!!
Flint from Carraro puts the Pioneers on the board. 2-1 with eight minutes to go in the first quarter.
thank you for being my 1,000th follower!
Mark Ellis has been doing it for years. Should have collected a gold glove or two with the A's.
Elmo, Daffy, Cookie Monster, Taz, Bugs Need To Make A Gang. They would be dope af wit some grillz, bandanas, shades, chains.
Uhm. Yes! Just bad luck that we picked Father's Day. :/ When are you coming to visit, cuz?
NJ Gov Christie just did great interview on MTP. Romney lucky to have him in his corner.
Oh the fun you can have in a photobooth! ;) #goodday with , , , and
Connect a new computer to the web and w/in 5 min on avg. it will be scanned by hackers.
Hey, go check out my band if you're bored out of your mind like me! #myheartremains.com #rtht..Smooches!
u asked for it
good evening, m'lady
He hate me when I leave cus when I leave I never call him.
Isn't an #iPad mini just an #ipod?
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
S/O Too>>> Thanx for the luv...Thats how u do..
Happy Groundhog Day!!! CHOOSE SPRING!!!!
lol lol uh and where exactly do I go to "get" one of those??? Lol
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends
Booked the Psychiatrist in the SAG Indie Feature THE CHALLENGER written/directed by Kent Moran (LISTEN TO YOUR HEART w/ Cybill Shepard).
Oh yes. Spent many days giggling at Stephanie's antics. Likewise, Jim Butcher's Dresden Files. Mysteries that make me laugh.
Never trust someone that wears colored contacts. They've already lied to you.
girls STILL get micro braids??????? i could NEVER take a chick seriously that still puts that in her head!
is it about Bruce Campbells () chin? That stunning chunk of meat and bone can't possibly be real.
“: If you are out celebrating #CincoDeMayo please celebrate responsibly. Don't drink and drive.” lmfao
who do we want the rangers to face in the alds?
Guess Doc wanted more time on the clock instead of 4 seconds. Plus if they got the rebound we would have been fucked.
Friday + wolverine equals crazy delicious!
haha she's ok! She's happy because there's a bed in the guest room now. She has barely moved from it all day
Hiya my followers :) thanks to all you beautiful people for being loyal to this account- pls carry on gaining more followers for me
Help us get the word out about #TriangleEaster by changing your profile picture to our Easter Graphic for next week&half!
Like my nigga said "Hating ass niggas not my type of crowd"
you a pro huh
Why can't music just be free. It'd make the world a better place, I promise.
You know it!!! No shame in my game!!!
What's happening this weekend that's confetti and hood worthy?
It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head. ~Sally Kempton
hi Vanessa!
Posted a photo taken from a window circa 1900 on N. Broadway, Yonkers NY.Nothing remains, even the churches are gone www.VictorianSource.com
Damn Lakers witout kobe still winning
I have a friend who went to HS with the mega millions winner in B'more. It's def not the crazy lady who says she won but lost the ticket.
I turn 18 in 15 days :) I'm growing up haha
Yes, Spaghettios are very tasty and easy to make, but they pack the pounds on so make a choice
We don't have much on him, but we can always hope that a diary or other papers might surface someday.
Today is the first anniversary of the day when my life completely and drastically changed forever.
"My heart and my head don't always agree. My head will say to walk away but my heart just won't leave."
Yup! Until the 22nd. RT : You'll be in the A still this this weekend right?
I can't believe Google Plus changed their layout! I was just getting used to nobody seeing the old layout.
Groundbreaking ceremony for A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health is tomorrow, March 15 @ 10:30 am. Join us!
-this is late but...luved seeng u caruso's cast party.
I'm waiting for the boyfriend video in dying
lls im good now
Come see the special "Take Out" and "Graffiti Gets In" exhiibitions at the Brevard Art Museum one last time before they end August 30th!
it's a tough choice. Both are really good.
I wanted to send you all my love but the postman said it was too big! :))
you live?
I want bubble tea!!!! you got me hooked!
oh I hope you feel better princess! I miss you bunches! :)
- thanks Melo! Keep killing the Moombahton scene. KEEP IT LATIN!
Another cold one in CLeveland, wish I was back in San Diego!!!
Bring it on, Monday!
Is there a way to do a literal event in #fantastical? Like "Bob in NYC" without the event changing to Bob and location being NYC?
Yes, but attractive people trump all.
Ready for music branding tips? Let's go!!
Since the kids wondered where the snow was this year after we watched footage from last Christmas, we're driving up to the snowline to play.
I must be dreaming because everything I see here is fake...
I think my fingers might just bleed...too much guitar these past few days.
A student just dropped off a documentary on the town of Pullman I helped her make that features me as a talking head. Love these projects.
Yeah I'll be there in August
Looking like a mix of mary mustache and diane back fat! What!! lol
RT : Who's coming to support our family?? TODAY! 3-10PM You could go home w/a deer head! Details:...
Worked 16 hours! I am going to love looking at my pay check
on my way to kings island (: #lighters-eminem&brunomars
is phone-less and feels lost
RT": Koolaid is for ugly people"<--Capri-Sun is for the "pretty folk"?
Baby im the best so yu cant do better.. (:
Your speech was a ringing endorsement of the liberal arts. Bravo.
is the best actress/dancer ever! Love you too!
one of the illest #sk8vids I've seen in a minute.
$50 giveaway to Chilango's coming up, make sure you are listening for Pauly's cue!
RT if your pic is real.
please follow she is you biggest fan!74
To all of our club members gone to Las Vegas to enjoy #SuperBowl, we know win or lose you'll love !
i need to meet shorty lol
I dont wanna get ready ;p
Lakeview or the Loop? Where will you be getting CURRIED away today?
I NEED TO GO TO SLEEP.
Yes! You deserve a virtual cookie (:::)
I might be crazy,but at least I keep it interesting..
Recent studies show- People who listen to are happier than people who don't. Spread the love!
Chad Buchanan says an MRI yesterday found an "abnormality" in LaMarcus Aldridge's right hip. Still being evaluated. Surgery not ruled out.
Denver Broncos have traded Tim Tebow to the New York Jets for a fourth-round pick.
Fight tonight.... Cotto bout to catch hands real quick
you rock sir!!
So what will YOU be singing at karaoke tomorrow night? Thursday 7p - 10p 1267D Glenwood Ave Atlanta, GA 30315
#charliesheen Could someone out there please find David Lee Roth and convince him to perform "Just a Gigolo" at Charlie Sheen's roast.
The best way to keep a lie is to put another lie on top of it;)
I don't want to get old time is to fast.
You can order an STD online.. Smdh
That rehearsal was QUICK! Ready to gig tomorrow. Be there! Grown Folks off Old National in the Crowe's Nest.
found you! Menil Collection today for lunch. See you there
ran into anyone special today? Why do I never see you!
our costumes,cough cough striper. I'm keep forgettingI think it's becauseit's light outside and not dark.Joe's gonna kill meD:
Meanwhile in Portlandia, it's 56 and overcast. Tradesies?
Where do designers get inspiration? Share with us what inspires you.
RT Stud. success is everyone's job-not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready"
His mock comic ineptitude was fantastic. So awkward.
Jamming to i love there music
lo thank you
Lmbo. Yes, I know what you're talking about but I can't figure out why you liked the Breeze aka Chrysler Cirrus, Dodge Stratus
rocked that dance to The Temptations ... and they sounded awesome!!!
whatchu talking about? being an adult is awesome. pay bills, work all day. psh. why else would I leave home at 18?
ya!!! Big Al and the keep gettin those wins
If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. (John 15:10 KJV)
FANSHOES day starts tomorrow with meeting @ ASU book store and couple of meets and greets at the administration!
So I'm glad google's trying to go for a new look and all, but I keep mistaking the "important" button for the checkboxes in
Thank you to the always lovely
White girl talkin' ghetto a'f
I agree(:
thanks though.
Reef Commandment # 2. Never feed the animals. Remember marine life is wild and help at sea is usually a long way from shore.
Even on vacation i'm working…you know me bra bra! Studio tomorrow though…
Seeing "Can I Have This Dance" trending automatically reminds me of my childhood obsession with High School Musical x
UK... #GOCATS #BeatLouisville RT : Great game. Who u got? Uk or louisville?
love it
you have a solid re-tweet game...
Finnish students (among world's highest performing) spend 15 percent of school time in the arts -
Can I ask you to marry me via twitter...can that be accepted? You. Got. It.
It's amazing how the wildest chicks I knew growing up are now godsquad moms. Facebook is fascinating.
Let's go Packers!
Is it just me, or do most jack-o-lanterns end up looking like Burgess Meredith?
Have dinner plans this evening? Why not Dobson's! Dobson's Dinner Menu: www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/dinner_menu
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
SPOT: A Survey of Perceptual References
Mount up #BLUEBrothers it's Game Day!!!
Wonderful! I like the way you think. RT : I did! and I made extra because Tuesdays are so hard to get excited about. LOL
Remember me? Well, I used to be your bestfriend.
It's about pride. Not drinking till you puke.
Perfect combo!
We are only 44 PC's away from hitting 1000 checked-in computers here at The Computer Guy - Clermont Store! Will you be our 1000th computer?
Take it to the limit one more time
i aint playing!!!
them or creed...
Prevention is better than cure. ~ Desiderius Erasmus
Show me where I can get those files......
are you serious, surely Greg do not ...... have Justin pj's and cd unless he has children???REALLY
Thanks for following and I hope to work with you again soon!
Ann Taylor.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail
The Longest Road in the world is considered to be the Pan-American Highway, which spans over 27,000 miles!
MT : We need to do better than flowers on Mother's Day and make it easier for mothers to balance work and family.
Mindy McCready's Mother Wants Grandson Out of Arkansas Foster Care, ASAP - E! Online
We finally passed out despite the Latino bass beating through the walls. See you soon.
So excited to see The Artist tomorrow at The Paris! Can't wait!!
it's not really heads up because I know it's not a scam they even say told me you get what you put into it. Your friends
For what? RT : Heading to the gym.
Big test passed for player. Dead simple purchase of
the practice of peace begins w the individual. be at peace with yourself. live the righteous life of self-love generously sharing w/ others
If Belichick really wanted some action, he'd have said toes.
it didnt look like you were wearing the delt shorts!?
Watches 12 times :)
newsflash to sociologists: #bourdieu and #foucault are not the only social theorists who exist
tell her that 5 people's careers are depending on her
#askaustin WHAT'S YOUR MOST FVORITEST FOOD EVER BESIDES SUBWAY ?! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Good to meet you - best of luck with
So excited for you! Good luck! "Made the cut :-). So happy. Hope the rain stays away. Its moving time!!!" .
thanks for following and entering my giveaway! good luck!
A friend of mine gave me some O'Doul's for my 21st birthday. It was disappointing.
Time to bike the Williamsburg, get my ass home, grab some food, some booze and some paint and get to it! #Productivity!, I love it!
#NP I'm Goin Down - Mary J Blige. Guess it's a sad song Marathon then
Maybe later. I have some storytellers, garlic, and non-raygun dogs to draw first.
Welcome new FUELers from The Bon Ton Stores!
Thanks for the
. Attending Meetups, hosting meetups, listening to people, not pitching too hard, developing healthy, real, human relationships.
Wow... since starting 0-4, #Braves are now 9-1 since and 9-5 overall. Very impressive. Still would like to see 1 more offensive bat added.
thanks for the invite
Why yo baby look like Mr.Burns o_O
On the road grindin....
What do conservatives say about the US' treatment of Native Americans? Anyone know of any applicable writing on the topic?
your avi A++
2 zelwel dot com colorborations in the brewing- solo and gHOST project plus. :)))
Happy 420 Folks!
im doing ma work do the same stop talking about biancas boyfriend
Mailed the deposit today to Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Congrats Davis
I was lucky enough to be in the audience forPiers Morgan & It was a such a awesome experience. MM is such an inspirational person.
Woke up this morning thinking about the woman who called our office looking for financial help for her brother who has cancer.
Talk to you ltr abt to play my sims game
Prequel to the 99 horned beast..."I chose the sombrero crown because I must not enjoy earth as king, I musn't be happy, if God is angry" -99
I sometimes wish that I liked beer..
me too i miss all my friends (and 21) !!
Romeo needs to put his goddamn shirt on.
#Justified line of the week goes to Wynn Duffy: "I believe they disproved that on Myth Busters."
I'm not going to say Los Angeles' success proves the advanced stats argument, partly because I think that argument has already been proven.
Youth Council committees formed this week: Education, Recreation, Public Safety, Communications and Community Collaboration.
is another jerk. Snarky little snicker licker.
Having a great time and making connections at the #MOBConf ...if you are here stop by my table and say hi!
Kinkos is my new best friend!!
Can somebody tell me what to eat, the print is too small
I freaking love <3333
Happy race day all!!..Go24!!!
hope you do well in Milwaukee, to bad i will not be able to attend!!!
Home sweet home ^_^
I used a Ginger body wash at the gym with high hopes today, but alas, my hair is still brown.
NOW DOING MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE !!! STOP OVER PAYING !! HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
Dnae Beats "Tangled In Technology" LP is coming real soon ya'll and its real fucking good!
I did nothing sexual
Is Slam a trademark?
I agree 100%
Anytime! Thank you so much for tuning in!!!
-I LOVE CATS-
Much <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> to My New Followers
Chris Brown - Sing Like Me ^_^
Whenever fat people tell you they are on a diet, it just means they started dabbing their pizza with a napkin to get some of the grease off.
gary busby get a PS3 and top spin, so i can kick your ass for sure so you will know what it feels like for real. Bring it kangaroo meat!!!
Happy 86th birthday
Hey you, do not walk away let's choose love come on what do you say? Hey you, know that I would spend my whole life all over again to find u
NEW WEEKLY MENU & GREAT PATIO WEATHER = AMAZING FUN TIME!!! Come enjoy the weather with us!! HH 4 -7pm Great Food, Tasty Cocktails, Y NOT??
Joshua Bell Stop and Hear the Music -when we pursue the destination more passionately than we do the journey, we miss often both altogether
If this golfing story is true, it just confirms what everyone already knew- Beckett is a self-centered jackass who has no clue at all.
how many are you interested in?
I was having a civilized drink with a former tutor from SJC who is now an archivist at NARA.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
Jackson encouraged students to study as hard as they play. "At the end of the day your brains will outlast your knees."
Just recorded the next Classnotes podcast episode. This one focuses on dual language programs.
I see whats up
Totally agree, incredible! RT : That is honestly one of the 2 or 3 most amazing things I have ever seen in sports
Epic #fail that is the
Today is gonna suck, i should get some sleep, Im Out.
lickmadick 8 Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To, Save Your Heart etc etc IB- Vinny <U+E32A>
4 show im followin u now! We have the best fans we r Loyal! My blood is green n yellow!! Cant wait till #SanDiego loses Sun.
Jordan does have the best looks. Which gives him more reason to be a prick.
I determined that sending a hard-copy manuscript costs ~$30, after ink, paper, postage, etc. I wish they all wanted a docx file.
Going to #NFLExperience with . Can't wait!
omg I miss you so much!! Let's hangout this weekend
Stupid pants.
“: Another great series is by , start w "Skinned." Who are some of your fave authors/books? I always want more!
you wax yer eyebrows, b? that's some futuristic homo shit.
ignoring existential and ontological questions, 100% agree. HuffPo deserves credit for their sleazy/helpful SEO efforts on this!
RT HD porn is so clear that you can actually see how disappointed their parents are.
RT : In the middle of the dress rehearsal. Thrilled to hear James' Bach aria with orchestra!
all the sexiness of Doradora is distracting me from my studies ;)
"chip imma come at you like a spider monkey"
With liberty and justice for *all*.
Someplace called dixonmill
I know it's tearing you apart but it's a storm you can weather.
Direct quote from my day: "Mama, could you please look at my boy bits for just a minute?". My response: "No one wants to see that, son."
If the treadmill is right, I just walked off 1228 calories. That's 4.5 Snickers bars. A few minutes to eat, 1.5 hours to walk off. Not fair.
Cool! I'm a goaltender
Godly motives produces...Godly movement
here's to those days when no one knew what yolo meant. how they were dull.
Happy New Year!!!
Doorknocking for almost 4 hrs with Shannon Sneed this afternoon. Butchers Hill will Write in Sneed!
Thanks for the great review on Goodreads. May I post it to the book's website? Will link to your book.
FB on the Jobs book. What a well lived life and legacy he has left us. I've learned a lot reading that book!
Albert Pujols sucks cause the #Cardinals fans Cursed him for leaving St. Louis
fake.. I think so.!
It's LEAP DAY! a wish come true for all who ask for extra hours ...
ranting to myself and only myself because twitter is dead <
Why does this gas station smell like a pet store?
hey...this is the time to do somthing special for someone you care about.....DO IT!!!
trying to understand what strand one must hit for a video to truly become viral. Time to contact Kutcher?
you got so sexy hands do you feet look as good as your hands?
DON'T BECOME A STEREOTYPE
It was removed by sawing through the exhaust pipes underneath the chassis. Some stupid kid will get 50 bucks for it...Costs me $2600 to fix.
Suddenly wanting to be home watching old Bogart flicks and drinking coffee all day. Work really ruins that. Bummer!
Gonna start finishing the decor for the freshmens around 6:55am(:
i need a massage A S A P
Holla at me who Evers in charge I'm starting a reality show in long island :)
I totally agree with you on that. Too many Ham & Eggers get big headed for being bench warmers.
Good morning
Why are guys such ball hogs :O?
. describing the challenge of reliably pointing to something that is changing over time (like a county)
this is still boring...
love is currently for the birds..***
what's the guys name and what's he look like? :)
Patiently waiting to be a proud owner of a pair of jordans high heel jordans to be exact
Anyone else interested/excited for the #China symposium aboard ship before we pick up the students?
Retractable Rapid Car Charger with IC Chip for Sony Ericsson ...
ok so ya homework and stretching and normal life stuff and sleep okay bye night.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
haha, I'm good, about to go to sleep lol. (:
Flooded backyard and streets, downed trees, leaves and branches everywhere, power lines in the streets...etc. Thanks
my great grandfather was from PA. Family recipe that we now make in OR. I grew up eating it.
TGIF friends, let the lovely days begin…#NowPlaying Bill Withers – Lovely Day on
please follow I love you<3(:
yes! Let's make plans!
whoa, ok so just jump over iPhone 5, 6, and every other phone to say that phone is instantly a iPhone 7, how do you ppl know? jeez
Started a new category romance a few weeks ago. About 6K words into it, going fairly well. You?
is psyched for poi class and fire spin jam this Tuesday at C-HAG!
thanks for the RT
rue was supposed to be black! In the book it said so... Wtf. Forreal these people need to stfu >:/ that makes me angry.
Head out to at 5029 Independence to see Coady Andrews & from 2p-4p !
this homemade cake tho >>>> oh yeah !
What Women Want... recent study found that women are seven times more likely to seek peace of mind, as opposed to wealth accumulation.
So good. Delicious good.
wahs up long time no speak
HAAPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL! I hope its the best one ever.
ATTENTION: #NewMission get to 100,000 followers! Share his music with all your fellow tweeps! #GOGOGO!
I'm bouts to throw off le dam bed, thinking she d@ b!G b0s$ and takin all the space. Ò,Ó
Ranked #1 for the first time in school history! 27-2
Had some of the worst customer service ever at yesterday. Trying to keep my biz local, but WHOA. Learn to do a ref interview!
chillin...need to be in the bed, u?
Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating?
I believe There is a reason we are still together even after everything we been through <3
Kudos NYC for the Alta Bike Share plan - rent bikes at stations around the city
Man becomes what he thinks about. - Morris Goodman
You're so much fun! Humbled.
"New Tennessee Law Bans Sex Ed Instructors From Teaching 'Gateway Sexual Activity'" -- most girls I knew didn't have sex just by the gate.
I know it's only a small bar along the top but Twitter could stop telling me it's new since I've been using new twitter for months.
"If the body retains crap, it causes disease. If you hold on to crap done to you, you BECOME the disease!"—DJ (Talented&BrokeNOV26) ReTweet
Wow, long time since I posted last. Working on homework. And by the first of the month I am going to take on a challenge.
Happy Easter Birthday to the best Internet Radio co-host in the biz? JJ Branch! Have an awesome day! Looking so 29 too! "RR".
We can't have a bride with bloody feet!!
School was great! I was fangirlin over with my friend<3 "Vas happening" lol (:
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I agree, what is the council thinking? Comment on articles and blogs to help us get heard, would you? Thanks for following!
Looking good girl!!! Love the bright pink pants :)
nah, heat fans take the cake
Hey Neil - Lakers baby!
Great article!
: almost got his ass beat!!!! 2nd pd.
whoever that bella blue chick, i'm digging her voice... that was a nice addition to the song lol
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
haha indeed indeed
Vanessie, their audiences and staff! My band! What a night! Thank you all! Rockin'!
I'll eat a lot of stuff....not sure about that though.
So true!! ": with age comes wisdom... with age also comes my taste for red wine. Coincidence, I think not"
ok. Text me!
15 loads of laundry today
My Bad On That.
I wonder if the Republicans will be able to refrain from screaming something ignorant tonite at SOTU. Probably not
how did we do at states?
im following(:
Gym time, let's go
"I'm afraid" "I need a drink" "You should just be a Nun" "wait, seriously, no" What my mom says when I tell her whats going on in my life...
can't dm unless u follow me anyways my number is 773-226-2716
Things are starting to come back together #ontheup&up
I'm going to kill all the Beliebers.
wow that's nice! How did you get it?
#4C11 Delta 1400 -- more sardines being jammed into the can. Full flight. Full sweat.
“Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.”
Seeing the 3:10 show. Now eating at Burger King
I love my new Sony Bloggie! I was not expecting a "flipcam" type camcorder to take such great video.
it is gonna be SO NICE on sunday, WHAT AM I GONNA DO!??!
for every 10 minutes i run, i drink 20 oz.'s of water. there's something wrong with the math here...
Listening to your music just changed the entire tone of my day. Feeling so good now :)
#thoughtswhilerunning Oh Hell nall I can't do this
#sheenroast thinking about dedicating a color set for Charlie!
Gotta see what the krew talkin bout...
Theyre gay. Who comes to someones house just to ask for gum, gtfo.
love the mcdonalds rant, this guy speaks the truth
There's nothin like the South love, nothin ;)
now what?
I can put you on the RSVP list for the Meetup, just in case. If you end up not being able to attend, no biggie.
:) keep any eye out for it. It just circled my block enough times to be creepy, might be heading your way next!
Happy Mother's Day!
Wishing A Very Happy Mothers Day To My Daughters Mother. I Know We've Had Our Up's And Downs, But You Are Greatly Appreciated.
"the last time I read a book that good was when I read a book that good".
She told me It's loney at the top . That's Cool.
Never a better shot, never a better high five.
If Chane Behanan were to go pro... I'd join the circus.
Marriage is about love, not gender.
my album of the day....INXS Shabooh Shoobah. Forgot how good they once were.
I am wishing my amazing husband an amazing 1st Father's Day! Feel better and remember there R so many GREAT ones to come!
u unfollowed me
People always say they like people who are honest and forthright. Pfff come see me why you are fifthright or sixthright, then we'll talk.
": You may have weaknesses, but God has strength. You may have sin, but God has grace. You may fail, but God remains faithful!"
I hear a muffled "I Will Always Love You" coming thru my floor from the neighbor's condo.
Yup RT : I use myself as thermometer - how many times do I want to see something. If I am annoyed, others will be annoyed.
Food Emporium on 52 and 2. It's real and it's spectacular.
highly doubt that lol
Lack of karaoke is the leading cause of boredom in America. Don't be a statistic. > Tonite - iLounge, 1287 D Glenwood Ave, 7p-10p.
Sad your moving away but happy your starting to live your dreams
I no give up soft goals!
My great GRANDpa past away 2day :( but he died of old age no disease nothing only of old age he was 97 years old and died in his sleep ilu
Will Barrett Barrage Through the Rumble?
Should I make an Instagram?
NO LAW CLASS = trivia time with
Sick of the shitty ass people in my life
yeah, it's frustrating. But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better. And we're okay now
Oops, change made. Thanks for the fact checking. Just an FYI, your Linkedin title reads, "Host of the Yummy Yummy".
Men think it's a woman's dream to find the perfect man, when really we just want to be able to eat anything without getting fat.
Hey check me out on YOU TUBE SINGING Alyssa HOLMES SINGS AT WEDDING PLEASE
I loved your comic!
happy birthday!! “: Perfect day for Sunday Funday!! #happybirthdaytome”
Just completely lost it and started sobbing at my desk while editing a student story today. Haven't had that happen before. It's too sweet!
I hate sleeping im my room by my self! This is what shearing a room my whole life does to me!!
going to start including clipart in emails to my colleagues more often…
COME ON #teamtimmy !!!
I would consider myself fairly lucky if such an occasion were to occur.
I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater. Watch for my upcoming review!
how was your thanksgiving
That last retweet made my heart melt
RT : Seems like the lockout hurt the sound mixers more than anybody.
and what exactly are the choices?
Yeah he aint
What happened?
Overall: I like. I wish it had the logo on the sleeve like the old jerseys. But I think it will look good on the field.
morning to you too
I suggest s'mores. such underrated break up comfort food.
glad you liked it! has quickly become my fave blog :)
#ymcmb shirt and Capri yoga pants from #pink LOOKIN FORWARD TO IT!!!
thank you. :) “: ok I'll come by to help you put them out.”
read an article about you and loved every word. Keep doing what you're doing. New fan right here.
all bad <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> you need to get yourself an iphone!
Great D is built on trust...trusting in the scheme/your ability/and teammates' willingness to help/get job done...when scored on all 5 upset
Italian food! Always reppin my heritage.
"Aim at heaven and you will get eah thrown in. Aim at eah and you get neither." - C. S. Lewis
Cassidy! follow me(:
sounds real studious ms. Quweeeee
Congrats to Sammy Sosa for his cameo at the beginning of that Cialis spot.
I wonder if Rebecca Black still follows me....
can NOT wait til the BUNNY BASH at the AMAZING Club 212 !!!!!! EASTER BREAK!!! legoooo
no problem :)
On My Way to Work
": Happy bday mommy i love you"
Good meeting you yesterday! Let me know how can help out with OneWeekKC.
#TeamTwilight is trending b/c of #FearFactor ppl ... Not b/c of those crappy movies!
You can't buy love on eBay. ~ Anonymous
Essentially, our objective would be to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful.
Hahahahah, life is complete.
If the pictured pies are anywhere near the Fellows Lounge, I'll abandon my thesis right now and be up there before you read this.
by hook or by crook. or by Shannon. whatever it takes. ;) i'm thrilled - we should finally get to hang out together.
Ya were not friends
makes me feel like the specialist girl in the world! I love him <3
it cost more under Bush....
looks delicious!
You'll feel fantastic! RT : Will I feel better or worse? I'm expecting hard days but I think it will do wonders for my practice! :)
The winner of the VIP table tonight for the Paradise Visuals AEE Party is Congrats! Please confirm!!
So let me give your heart a break, there's just so much you can take.
Happy birthday!
Okey , fine just forget it
I have never been this prepared for a Math exam in my life.. Is it Friday yet?
Completely caved and just bought the for The Hill's brunch-never been & the menu sounds awesome!
will begin 15 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
Omgosh, I forgot how much I love to tweet. Haven't done it much in a while <3
and are the gayest people alive
<U+2640>A person shows what he is by what he does with what he has<U+2640>
Come on out anytime! I'll show you around. Hopefully you like to golf/drink Jack/smoke cigars and run trails in the mtns. :)
if you can't get a photo of this, at least procure an artist's rendering for us. My eyes must see this.
#aam2011 fact: Museum educators are friendly, passionate, imaginative, and tenacious. Go team!
RT “: He has a Ph.D in simpology”
#WhatHappened2 us talking every day? I'm lucky if I get a hello now.
Do not go back to sleep.
yes you didd
Yep, you are. But that's ok. It's not for everyone. :)
The #Florida #Gators shut out the #FresnoState Bulldogs in a 29-0 #lacrosse blowout!
Holy F! I got my hands on a ticket to #eyeofestival. If I could only go to one conference this year, Eyeo is it!
Thank you. So are you!
Arrest murderer George Zimmerman and Police Chief Bill Lee for obstructing justice.
hush ion stunt , but ilove you too .
Just eat the egg salad!!
I cant wait MBAV!
Finally putting together this week's tap news post...will share soon!
"Come on we're going to the eastside tonight." "Hold on, let me grab my mace."
I saw this earlier today! Blew my mind!!
I'll be checking for plaster!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG so excited.
Thanks for the promo! ": FF if you are young and professional you should follow them"
I'm a garlandator for life<3
Just back from Malibu. Was a great week, had the works done. Nails, pedicure, hair and brow tint.
Avenger screening tonight :-)
TGIF does not no longer exist on Fridays it last all week basicly ur hole life so get down and Thank God I'm Fly (TGIF) fly or die gang
I see and feel big improvements in my muscles and strength so far.
please follow me :) ily
After 90 minutes in the gym now....grading that last batch of papers for the semester!
Alex's vinyasa this AM....ohm-azing!
it works.
Nice hit Alex..
Umm, he scores like 20 ppg. How is that inefficient?
Yeah man, I would love to see what it does. Sadly, I'm a bit lost in the post. :(
Get talking about us again! We have a new single coming soon and need people to catch the word so we can get going again! Help us out!
and the ambassador is riding around with the new sheriff in town.
I hope my ms jones scoop me tis weeknd
It will be the first of many I buy you.
Liquor <----a Mad Men luncheon for you?
Its amazing :o
#Str8LykeDes.... Just got up thinking....
...Honestly, said exactly what I was thinking about For that, he can guest post on Screen Slate any time.
Thailand tour 2012 is underway! Check it out at Matt Adams Magic on Facebook.
Re: last tweet: so if you're faking reviews whether good or negative, it can be called out & tracked. Interesting. Make it legit peeps! :)
Kyle Johnson dominated most of the battle but David Livingston won the war at 2:50 into Round One by Triangle Choke Submission.
as long as they are with your mom, it'll be a good 7 miles
Cocktail in hand and ready for the #mixologymashup!
good bro u still in the mil?
Also tomorrow at Green Valley Lib: Winter Break Knitting Club for teens at 4:30 and a Probate & Healthcare for Seniors Lecture @ 6:30 p.m.
Getting ready to rock the Milw brat house AND the Milwaukee ale house.gotta love Thursdays.
lucky ass I wanna go to Spain. Why you going?
I hope that I can find a place to see the #FloydMayweather fight; I do not watch much boxing but I would love to be able to see this fight.
<U+E403> you made me sad.
Wow...Jos A. Bank is in the town center now!
An workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA. Join us, its free! email
"God bless us every one." Just finished reading A Christmas Carol with my son. Gotta love a teen who still enjoys reading together.
have fun bro. Play some laser quest!
can i have some :(
soo how are my chances of getting u to follow me back??
Thanks for the follow! Good luck with your walk on June 4th
Kicking finals studies into first gear.
I felt bad about my finish at worlds toughest mudder. Someone said I was better than most for attempting it. Hold your head up
Just did my spanish speaking final... fue un fracaso...
Everybody needs a lil Intervention
Lol, I'm Sick, They Told Me Not To Come To School.
S/O to all my followers, stay tuned, new material and video coming soon...
nm . talking about how bogus ppl are these days. youu?
Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever.
"NASA reports that a solar storm is on its way towards Earth" be sure to stop looking at your phones & foursquare your location. ^jl
A little less conversation,a little more action pleaseAll this aggravation ain't satisfaction in meA little more bite and little less bark
at some point, aren't people responsible for informing themselves? Info is readily available today. Inform yourself.
I'm already annoyed.
Haha I'll see you after Midnight on sunset!
But thank you, , for letting me know that you are #antioccupyseattle so that I may avoid reading your magazine before I began!
Aww! And no worries, let me know.
What a day that will be, When my Jesus I shall see, And I look upon His face, The One who saved me by His grace
First name: Symba ("the circle of liiiffeeee...")
Singing at #TheBluebirdCafe tonight :))
when you reply, do you keep the tweeter's hasthags?
I NOTICE MOST PEOPLE CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH OR DON'T SPEAK IT BUT I DO !!
It's obvious that GOP congressmen are wealthy. Do people realize Democrat congressmen are also a part of the 1% ?
Freelancing is tough...but there's just no other way to live once you've taste the freedom.
Our professional team of technicians have years of combined knowledge and experience working with all types of natural and man-made tiles.
thanks and in Public Communication
I agree with your tweet from the Ed Show. Romney's connection to business is greater than his love for all Americans. IMO.
i hate when people right "..." with ",,," hahaha
Who is ready for #RECon12?
You must be speaking from experience.
Thanks for the kind words! We just love your blog! :)
"Out with the NEW, in with the OLD" -LNBstyle Theres nothing new under the sun when it comes to fashion. Just old trends mixed w/a new day!
Sheen in his prime!
Louie's is brewing, Hop Happy and Booyah are coming off the line!
I love them. Excellent form!
I wish you would have called that d-bag on #Sharktank a troll! Maybe you did and it got edited...
i had a crazy dream last night tho . it was like i was abducted and forced to be in the army and do crazy stuff . i shot this lil boy
Just How Much Money Does Charlie Sheen Have?
#3WordsOfAdvice do not cheat.
you know what would be awesome if I got a tweet from saying Happy Birthday, today's my birthday, one can wish:)
He notices all the bad things about me we fight all the time but why do i care about him so much?/:
my friend Tori said she loved that you stopped and ran with her today. Made her totally understand why I'm doing team challenge.
I learned....don't mess with the unions
How many times this BITCH nigga gonna apologize for what comes out of his mouth YOU A BITCH AZZ NIGGA CHRIS BROWN ..............
*sips coffee and listens to thriller* :-( ok
thank you! #winning #tasteof8 this calls to be included in my skinny-do list asap!
what happened? Just came by saw everyone gone.
#twinkies are a must-have of all apocalypse scenarios. So probably a fortune
COLONY TONIGHT WITH DJ SPLYCE, CELEBRATING THE BDAYS OF PLAYMATES ANDREA LOWELL & PILAR LASTRA'S!!
did you see the new one oceanup posted? He's grabing that ass>(
I love the mobile sukkot that cruises through the north shore of MKE!
LoganSquareDaily posted on our foodsmart facebook wall! Thank you!
my man!! Im definitely going to get GM on here!!!
$100 Special Full Set of Eyelash Extensions in Seattle/Bellevue area (regularly $185 )www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425 643-5772
We're live-tweeting the #SOTU under the tag #InvestInKids - and the Cabinet enters!
I wanna be down with you
Omfg i just can't handle all my emotions for Justin :'D Like ' LET ME LOVE YOU '
As an entrepreneur you have to wear a LOT of hats. Today I'm a graphic artist. Creating designs for my new website.
Day or Night Bedford ave Rocks!
his loss!
how to make moving more green!
Calling a torn ACL for Ramos. Jesus will save him this inning.
told everyone what
Still waiting on delivery confirmation, so our little surprise may have to wait until next week.
i wonder if is doing anything for
+1 MT : kerry's problem wasn't liberalism, he didnt seem authentic in how he felt about issues. romney has same prob x 1000
your current ones are kinda hard to see.
long history of words hugging their opposite meanings: the bomb, dope, ill, sick. Vomit also means great. (coming soon)
pretty sure craw is the only tons of fun I know... A-O
Going to watch a school play with <3
ill have to hop back on sometime and check out your stuff :)
So exciting for you! Any idea what you'll be changing your #Twitter name to?
the new video made me laugh so hard one of my hallmates came to ask what was wrong. you guys are AWESOME.
follow me lol.
I love how my 13 year old brother starts singing
oh we play better when we go there anyway so tht ain't no advantage<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Low scoring first half with Texas vs Texas A &M. Tied at 26.
60 pages down. 100 to go. Amazing script by PRIDE screenwriter Michael Gozzard. Asked me to co-write.
Ready for the auditions, call-backs and BOOKINGS!!
I never envisioned taking on 4 projects at once: 3 youth related & one involves HIV awareness. I know God assigned them to me, so I got them
RT Meet M.E. at Venue tonight with
How are you celebrating Black History Month?
more like a one direction gang bang
too much caffeine? worrying?
speak for yourself. Haha just kidding.
It's the same hit on Seabrook in the playoffs last season. He jumped into him and to the head. Might have been late too.
Too bad. This tweet goes out to #me for being flippin perfect. S/O to my man
About to tweet all day just for
Happy Hour in T-5 minutes. Hello, beer.
Is your law office considering a document scanner? Seems like a simple task, yes? Unfortunately its not as easy at it sounds.
did that a couple years ago during the OlympicsRT Leave me at the roadside, and hang me up and out to dry.
This has been one cozy Sunday.
Prop 8 Overruled. Kyle Kendrick must be ecstatic.
Family Fun Day in Morehead- inflatables, carnival games,food, prizes & more. Join us at Laughlin Gym on MSU campus from 1-3 today!
ya me too
see TV and you?
Thanks so much!! We are hopefully playing a MASSIVE show just like it at the door in late January :))
thanks! we had a blast doing it!
Welcome to the big leagues Mr Crawford!!!
Hope everything goes well
If you are in a seasonal industry and have cash shortfalls, factoring is an excellent method to raise much needed operational capital.
RT: : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility. -Oprah
"NO NO NO YES"
Nevermind. No need for a one machine. All I needed was Gaga and Tumblr.
So good to hear!
RT : The greatest use of your words is prayer. // Amen! Join us in praying for child abuse victims on Blue Sunday
Happy 10 months <3 I love you baby. You mean the world to me, and NOTHING is going to change that. <3
So excited *_* Waiting for a #GYHAB music video :)
Lincoln said, regarding prayer: "I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go."
In pairs. Or trios. I'm leaving AT ten til seven. No question. My audition is at 7:57.
I love you . #Freehugs <U+2665>
from now on. Gotta make sure Da Griffin man ain't hatin his dodd
James Jones decided to spend some of that new contract money by throwing a football in the stands. He's got quite an arm.
our pleasure! and i've already been planning! enjoy the rest of your time in new england!
Here is a clue AU, do not send a email saying you will get a refund, and then a month later say oops, you actually owe us money!
Lol needy people are so dumb.
Parking in the garage was the best decision I made today. Especially when I leave at 945pm and there's an unexpected Tstorm.
thanks for the books you recommended when you spoke at Mindshift in Dallas!
I wanna get my curate on. Got an idea for an art show I'm busting to work on. But first perhaps I'll work on my gazillion other projects!
Fritz Coleman is hosting a #fundraiser in #Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT : ) thanks for your support
Yuni? Is he back!? Maybe it's because he's the only one not wearing a hood
I'm interested to hear any answers nonetheless. Thanks for the tweets
This is what we have to do constantly, lift up our souls to our #GOD #Jesus Psalm 25:1Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
Got dizzy and fell on the floor...owww
Today I talked to a school custodian about Pokemon. Awesome.
Ur right, sorry 2 make light of the situation
Attended AAGSNC meeting in Oakland. Great group of people, learned a lot.
haha your funny nigga and track has me busy cuhz no time to play with you papas
utilizes the services of this site... Oh, once a day www.wheresmycellphone.com
no word yet. I'll try to find out more asap.
One week from tonight Andrew Luck is a Colt. Ppl ought 2 b buying season tix. 3 yrs from now Colts deep in playoffs &18 retired.
doesn't sleep.
congrats on the new app.
RT : To defeat the darkness out there, you must defeat the darkness inside yourself.
Haha I would just duct tape their mouths shut.
its not real its a cuff you can Get them downtown hahaha
Spring time! Best time of the year for photos, videos, and sharing!
A non-catchy press release can cause a great story to be ignored because the person receiving the fax or email won’t instantly see it.
Happy Thanksgiving from Fatminds!
"feelings of camaraderie and compassion alone were great gifts to CVille and Haiti" by event attendant
yankeeincanada: wondering if it's too early to start the #sla2010 re-tweeter?
Thanks! Do you use iTunes?
FOOD COMA...
Remember to tell your active duty military friends that we will honor their participation with FREE admission.
Locally owned/operated, good food, plus for historic building and/or hauntings :)
decided to take some time and go with literate haskell, writing definitely helps reason about problems rather than throw code down
RT I like chrome.. i don't like that little icon they made for it though ( Agree! )
Tuesday RT & S/O to incredible talent:
Ever forget ur bracelet glows n the dark n turn off the lights n go wtf is that then have that moment of "o thank god it's only my bracelet"
I really need to let this go... But I can't until I tell the truth.. And that is... Hmph guess I'm not ready to let that go.
is a retard!
shoutout to she needs more "flowers" lmao :p
Season is coming. June 16th! Find out deets at kickball.com/orthunder
When your ex says "you'll never find anyone like me".... That's when you say.. "that's the point".
#Casting. #Orlando Christian Project. Audition 11/1 Shoot 11/14 $400 day @ 4 days. Role "Modern day Jesus"
Haven't seen enough Lex shows, but I do recommend this group named Oh My Me from there (h/t ). I'll brainstorm more.
Need to get some more shoes
Texas RB Malcolm Brown is suffering from turf toe and may be limited today vs Texas Tech.
Is it weird that writing a report on Crohn's disease is making me hungry?
Happy Easter folks!
Now on da way to da fair w/ my bestie im really missing her other twin rite now she on da other bus behind us
#Celtics lose, #Redsox lose, at least tomorrow's... Wednesday? Shit.
Facebook buys Instagram, wow!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi Rollover blocking right lane of Hwy.12 WB near Baraboo after Terrytown Road. Use caution. Expect delays.
Every day we are @ war w/ nature & that kinda sucks because we are nature --> words by -- great perspective.
gimme a double nova kryptonite espresso pleeze
Thanks for following us and Gov. !
Thanks for the follow Jason Webb (digidrift)! :)
awesome story, always love bmore history
bring your ipod tomorrow beeeeotch.
So ready for spring break
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees. Benjamin Franklin
school tomorrow -.-
Just my opinion, but I feel that his Columbia stuff sounds too over-processed. Unlike his earlier stuff. Your thoughts?
I appreciate you, dear. So does Jamey. <3
Is it safe to say I'm worried bout my brother >.< guess not bleh
Relax, Comfort, Calmness i think yes!
Another furious evening with #Balthazar... This isn't real life...
RT": I can't save money lmao"
to be specific, it is stated that it will be the largest center-hung arena HD video board display in U.S. and Canada.
you might think to dress up but don't. Look like a poor.
Me, too!!! RT : You know Dark Shadows came out today but you know what? I'm seeing Avengers again tomorrow.
so they are both gonna have a dance class or what are they gonna have ? & is it gonna be at the same place vinny was?
Pain may be the symptom but suicide doesnt end pain. Pain ripples to all the lives you have touched
No, not bad at all. It was less a comment on the speed of delivery and more on my inability to remember things.
Still in Burbank takin care of real bizz
You go RONDO!
#healthtips RT Your toothbrush is loaded with germs. __ Many thanks for your RT!
Hey Shawn, glad you are coming down to the studio today - see you there
Hahah you are so cute. <3 you!
“: I love you Seven” suck up
If the nail salon is going to put just one Halloween decoration up, why choose the gnarly monster hands holding a "Enter At Own Risk" sign?
wake up its sunday
Switched to straight up coconut milk today. Really like the coconut almond blend, will have to check back tho!
Saw the prescreening of #courageous Fri night @ the Fox, thanks Cathy family, what a powerful movie esp for fathers- comes out 9/30
Many of the ingredients in chocolate are proven to cause arousal similar in effect to sexual foreplay.
You know who wishes they studied patent law, the person who created fire…dumbass.
can we be friends? Lol
Apparently is summer now.
I go to your website constantly. It's great for clinical work. Love to chat.
I stayed with Jenna! :)
have fun. stuck on the couch all weekend.
cocoa roasted almonds = yes
I think you have been hacked. Got a DM from your account with a link to a password phishing site that looks like twitter.
Interesting, I'll make sure to look out for them!
To his credit, . reminds that answering Romney's "I created hundreds of thousands of jobs" is fair
Sex is just hugging while spitting, right?
#RESPECT RT : I really love how you're playing despite your injury, you and the clippers have really...
Nothing beats doing laundry and finding money in my pants pockets!
o okay yea I feel dumb now
it is, thanks :)
for many organizations today "downtime is dead"
It's looking like its going to be another awesome day in Chicago. Have a great day!
Thanks a bunch. Think a kind thing or two about my immune system if you wouldn't mind.
Thank you for representing truth. I always enjoy and look forward to your show! You and Rachel Maddow keep me engaged and motivated!
20 minutes of scuba diving burns 200-250 calories
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing it will happen. Courage is making it happen. Love makes it easy.
Ughh! I said the same thing
Oh no! Was she trying to get it banned?
when random ass people tell me that me and are good together <3 >>>>
On My Tablet Chillin lol I'm bored
Very clever!
Omg haven't tweeted in along time... :(
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
"You can take my vomit and go feed it to the next chick"?! You rule.
We in Hollywood. How do you be Miss Nelson?
I am not a chicken. Rooster rules do not apply to me. If we fight, I may win, but there is no glory in defeating an 8-pound bird.
Why do some people think it's impossible for a man and a woman to be JUST FRIENDS!!!!
You can take the girl out of Jersey but you can't take the Jersey out of the girl. #jerseyshore is a horrible addiction.
so what you doing ? :D
#somewhereinamerica have a good season
I love the snow. <U+2665>
was ready to turn the radio on in the car here because your early updates had me thinking I was missing an actual game, ha
Gotta laugh to keep from crying..
So, the refs are going to continue to let them play. Nice.
Thanks, Josh!
yeah, at now, going to a techstars party tonight. Will be at lssxsw all day tomorrow
For whoever is interested
Just Sent Some Heat To Yall Mail Its A BANGER And I Think Its #Time2Grind FollowBack Family
I hope surgery went well! I just got out of surgery on my appendix. :( #StayStrong <3
That is so so funny bc I have one too and I do the same thing!
Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic - New Philadelphia Times Reporter Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic New Philadelphia Times Reporter B
yay ! i got Matt Hunter to follow me on twitter just a few minutes ago ! yay ! xD
Assume your own Beauty. Start from there.
poe for sure, trumaine johnson cb montana
You still over there B?
Automatic weapons on tha floor but who can u call? My down nigga that stay in westmemphis
Got School again
aw thanks :) I'm happy I could make you smile :)
Way to go!
But what if we can disrupt it? Even partially or temporarily? RT : It just won't end.”
curling > baseball
Alright see you then :)
lol ok bye new york
My #ff: :: great daily author and publishing tips!
Please follow me any body I just want to be loved by some peøple
Bitch you wasnt wit me shootin in the gym.RT : Eyyy was that kobes ex-wife?
oh yes. We shall speak soon.
Culver's stole my tagline: "Welcome to delicious."
Good morning everyone! On my way to the physiptetapy ...
Had to get out of the house so having a little fun at Gander Mountain with the family.
Surely, , this trend was designed with you in mind:
In a mature society, "civil servant" is semantically equal to "civil master." - Lazarus Long
"Cocaine is a hell of a drug." RIP Whitney.
If you have more followers, you should just be able to drag and drop your avatar over his. Voila! Yours!
Thanks, Doctor. Appreciate the shout out! (Can you say "shout out" to a Vice Chancellor?)
Lost our milwaukee city tourney game 2nite, semi-finals. Damn that sheet stings! Gonna b a long ass winter
hello guys hows is every body ?!!
Outlook and ipad, start playing nice, I'm sick of missing meetings bc of sync issues!
I`m more honest, more true, more vulnerable because I used to think that I was supposed to be fearless.
You switched your vowels.
I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does.
*calls back*ill be right there. *bounces down stairs, hurries into kitchen*
why not come this year?!
bailey anderson. <3
Great gym Bro, although Gary's kids beat me up
ok so ima need to know if any of that will help me with my mission lol..
yaaaaaaay! Download Stevie nicks' leather and lace and lets sing it this afternoon.
Congrats to all graduates of 2012! everyone is proud of u..
now following
Yes there was. Ugh.
why did I say that the way Britney says phonography lol
I'm sayin tho!! RT : They put anybody on 106 & park now.
my bigg bro is trying to get me more followerz!! YaY
Brunch tip: Love our BLT? Add an egg and make it a breakfast sando!
your not a boss
jimmy. my long lost son
Dears Popeyes Lady,we get it,you made the damn chicken now shut up.!!
Not going to lie, I'm a little nervous to face the giants next week they are peaking at the right time...
Watching pitch like this is like watching an eagle fly...so smooth and natural.
Heading to the Wisconsin State Fair Sunday for the salute to the military, presented by Walmart. Parade starts at 2. Won't you join us?!
Aye just chill.... Lol aint that serious.
RT : Dont join an easy crowd. You wont grow. Go where the expectations and the demands to perform are high.
Currently listening to: ELIOT - Living In Sin Feat. Eliot-Original Mix on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Seriously regretting adding family members to Facebook!
Yo peeps important. Follow dis bro my home boy plz! For me?? Do it. I loves u forever
I just gave someone directions.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because to them we are more than just fans, we are family. <3
my bad Stillwater,OK wrong Oklahoma team haha. But Stillwater is way more hostile
Classic: "I'm on the Subway diet, I only eat things I find on the subway." Colbert Report tonight.
I really really like the Defenders. Glad I stuck with it after the first three and I hope it stays this good.
My Wifey Is Being Bad Out There In Memphis
thanks gorgeous let's rock 2012!!!! :)
this just in...Jimmy and Les will have new Broncos QB Brady Quinn on the show around 9:05 MT....Now I'm Done!
I might be down for caramel, but every now and then I see sweet chocolate that makes me say...WOW ;-)
Yeah, I think I may be down with the hashtags, sort of, but RTs are still beyond me. I assume there's a learning curve?
Movie sounds wonderful tonight:) if I get to pick!
RT : Sunday funday tomorrow, whose in?
Back to the basics....no time for bs!
Super bowl time. Let's get weird.
Happy birthday to Mrs. Lucille Ball. She would be 100 today.
Can anyone help? RT : Know anyone (or organization) who would help me put together online classes, including videos?
The #superbowl is over but we are still open and slinging them just for you!
Yes and no...Love it for Fantasy Football, but other than that eehh. Some of it is TOO OVER THE TOP THOUGH.
In the dark with my cat because hiding from bitchy grandma
I want to go to a haunted house soon!
N when y'all wake up tomorrow, ill be there to remind u of tonight
I hate seeing cute girls who can't walk in heels...poor babies
Subscribe to Me&&Destosaurr on youtube!! :) Youtube.com/ImaBiteYou16
I would do the same thing. You handled the situation very well.
lmao I wont baby ;)
Not sure if the intro to the #Nhlallstar game was cute or poorly choreographed. Both? Go #teamlidstrom!
Excited about returning to my hometown for #mw2011. There's a warm soft pretzel from the Amish corner of Reading Terminal in my future.
Third time is the charm, after misses by Hopkins and Aldridge, Aldridge hits 3 ball to tie it at 46.
I'm working at ICPL now in the children's dept - reg daytime hours. Swing by sometime!
Guess what?! It's Holiday Posole and Tamale time! We're currently offering our seasonal Posole and tamales by the dozen. Reserve yours today
Babies are so loud..
Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV)
no dear. :/ direct messaging. Haha
Any tips on how to embrace social acrs enterprise? One I see/suggest is determining process/ organization to effectively roll out
Bo Ricardo : Looks like Ricardo Salazar will be the referee in charge of tomorrow's Sounders-Toronto FC game.
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Very important for Lakers to hold serve at home. Denver will be tough at home.
Almost done with the acoustics, can't wait to show everyone!
I needed that! LMAO ROFL
I think brands should treat email like thanksgiving dinner, if you are not invite don't show up. Social & #mobile r family!
What if the "hokey pokey" is really what it's all about?
I was there for news years, maybe summer.
thought about that but honestly I would just fall asleep. Or get really really depressed. Either way, bad news ;)
Back at the city council to fight for kids in the city. I am reminded of the old saw: we buy what we want and beg 4 what we need.
not my fault, we're blaming montee ball at this point
Just about to launch a new vid for and ...
If your a person that isn't following then you probaly don't have a life he is sweet and respects girls!!!!
says if someone lets you go with out a fight they don't deserve you in the first place. <3
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some towns have their own special version of the law - choose where you decide to live carefully!
Grace! Showers < Handhugs and friendship.
Thanks. Should be interesting nonetheless.
lol. That is about right. I sleep standing up. ;)
if the theory of creation is right we r all a product of incest, rather marry a cousin
To be fair it was on my 2nd circuit!!
Issue #5 starts Wednesday! Keeps your ears perked for more - like what we're calling this one - and our first ever #anniversary party.
Just won 1st place in swing dance competition with !!!!
I totally agree! :)
THE ONLY THING THAT'LL SAVE #GOOGLE+ IS IF #FACEBOOK BUYS IT. HAHA THEY WINNING THE GAME OF SOCIAL NETWORK MONOPOLY.
The Hawks tonight feel like a pickup team just grabbing random dudes to make 5. No idea how the Celtics let this thing go to OT
When you wear a suit, while your tattooing, people know magic is about to happen , Alakazam!!!
Was cool to have dinner tonite with and Ed. We have so many cool things cooking in the Articulate kitchen...
I didn't know people had such bad handwritting for being Juniors xD
I'm in the downtown area! Pretty central to... everything.
He has his honeymoon periods.
Fucking court class. Kill me now
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
#milwaukee NARI show this thursday-sunday Expo center!!Be there! If you need tickets call us at 414.353.8433, ask for Justin
“We are set in our ways, bound by our perspectives and stuck in our thinking.”
For one week only. Enter the special code "KANA" and recieve $10 off your ticket for the "Jazz Crush" event at Sawyer House on April 16th!
Thank you followers who have been so supportive of my book! There will be a free promo as soon as Amazon KDP corrects their mistake.TBA
see!!! That's the mind of a boosie fan, Smh. Boosie got people saying die slowly !
If you can't feel it you ain't got it. - Jahruba
I bet you have some iiiiinnnnteresting things on there you dirty bird.
Hahhhhha Secret life and miobi r my life
follow me please(: <3
I know its late but here come the
Ya dumass talkin bout alcohol poison.
where's that at?
So excited for my #kuwtk premier party! Wait For pics girls
Props to Purdue. Good game. Robbie Hummel and Lewis Jackson =
my bad, i just wanted to know if you wanted to hoop lmao...
holy shit you ran forever!!!
that is to say, I've had a similar assumption leveled at me :)
good morning sea monkeys. THIS IS HOWWWWLIN' MAD MURPHY SPINNIN' THE LATEST TASTY GROOVES
RT A real women knows her worth
we have the same merit badge.
a red hat & an utley jersey? Your probably the only one.
And so does this bitch! Gtfo & stop staring at people. -___-
Social entrepreneurship - economic return, societal return, environmental return.
i'd stay up but i'm tiredd...so good nite <3
If you won't work hard for you're dream, you really think someone else will that has financial backing for you. No. You're a liability.
... please PICK ME
as said on the newlywed game years ago "that would be in the butt, bob"
Please join as Med 2 students moderate a tweet chat on #rawmilk from 4-5pm .
camels are my best friends. But ah, I guess it all makes sense.
Jason's Deli sub was so bum
Warmer and sunny both Saturday and Sunday. Highs lower 80s today and near 90 Sunday. No rain until late next week at the earliest.
Manic Monday's at One Up. Savory lunches and happy hour drink specials unmatched. Come one... come all!!! Monday Fun day!!!
Another #ultrasound bill proposed by #republicans in PA. Gov Tom Corbett's "women can just close their eyes" comment DISTURBINGLY OFFENSIVE.
I'm good.
Seeking a German Localization expert who wants to work at a world class MMO studio... Email if interested -
Even at 25 (almost) years old, I still LOVE Tina's Beef & Bean frozen burritos and ANY frozen mac and cheese. #guiltytweet BOMB!
#nyy #yankees A simple freakin sacrifice type bunt at opportune times. Do that a few times and Maddon suddenly doesn't seem so smart
twinning omfg, I hate this feeling though
Woo so tired D;
I ruined your birthday. For this I am sorry, this means I owe you, big.
That risk is one worth taking, but must be acknowledged. There is something akin here to shouting fire in a crowded theater.
Ladies are not charged cover
great idea
Oh hi ya hot slut!
#WeWontWork period. I don't like relationships.
all you needed was a little inspiration, haha. that sounds like funn
Change is good!!
There's no metaphysics on earth like chocolate cake!!! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
A happy Friday is is! Thanks for the mention!
too many cheetos for one day.
now I know what the other high school teams felt like lol
RT : Going to #CES2012? - I'll be there and would love to talk about how can help curate the social conversation.
Silly kid, I don't drive a luxury vehicle by "choice". U on the other hand got a 2009 BMW and in a apartment with a roommate.
Matthews shoots lights out but Blazers lose a tough one in Sacramento on late Thorton jumper
The question of when to consult an allergist is a frequently asked question. Get the answer from a board certified allergist!...
OH GOD.
I'll go on the elevator even if it's just the 2nd floor.
GO COWBOYS!!!
Maybe they should just call another blarge...
LOL GOT JOKES HUH
Sorry to hear it, seemed like the phase I was much the same. At least you have Gardner to keep you company!
Don’t miss tonight’s BBC docu-drama, which offers a devastatingly authentic portrayal of the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883. On MPTV 10 at 9.
Very happy that received media credentials for the European Gymnastics Championships!
It's also expensive to eat healthy. As a grad student, I don't have the luxury of Whole Foods or Outpost on the reg.
Practicing my stroke.
I don't believe has a people like exam in the world
Patio is open! Please stop in and check it out!
Remember for the morning classes to Park at in the parking lot of the Boys and Girls club because our entrance is closed this early.
(2 of 2) investment and inspire good use for gags.
YOU should let ME LOVE YOU! Please follow me(:
Why would school district be retweeting this? RT : RT : Four words that I never want to hear: We're out of beer.
Looking like a lioness at the hairdresser - ridiculousness.
California pizza kitchen date with my best friend later (:
Also this weekend? I had the pleasure of meeting a couple lovely booksellers at If you're ever in Asheville, y'all *must* go.
idk we never actually talk. Best guess.....
I know right... try to get some rest, get & take medication, and load up on the vitamin c & of course stay prayed up 4 relief
Personal Best in the 200!! And close to a PB in the 100. Not a bad day
so jealous! Will be spending my #cwcon grading. In between everything else!
": 1 week and the most highly anticipated Mixtape drops. "Savage Journey To The American Dream" 3-30-12 #MMG #BCG" cant wait
done watching the " 12 DANCING PRINCESS " HAHHHA .childhood memories :)
Id rather be home in bed ugh!
*puts on my Party Poison costume and grabs my gun* Alright, lets go kill some bitches
"You are never too old to set a new goal or dream a new dream".-- C.S.Lewis
thanks for the invite but I'm meeting up with an old Army friend and his wife tonight. plans tomorrow?
thanks babes x
RT : Don't be afraid of change, you may lose out on something good, but you might gain something even better.
July 29th needs to come faster.
College graduate?
you are clearly a professional now.
Are you a certified woman owned business in NYC? Please contact us!
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be-Julius H.'Groucho' Marx/Comedian & Film Star
yep! and Radiohead. thanks for reading! happy holidays!
16: Divya Energy by - solar panel savings calculator; find out how much solar panels can save u on yr electric bill
I sort of like keeping work/not work separate. It feels sort of silly having two, tho. BTW, we need to have SGV adventures soon.
Gaggle of yellow fluffy Canadan goslings seen in Twin Cities area. Whatever you think of the adult birds, those guys R 2 cute.
RT : good morning. Have a great day! < Thank You! Morning Beauty!
Used 2010 Volkswagen Jetta Bartlett IL - YouTube | Bookmark The ...
hey i love ur boobs and humping dace ?
No problem! We already hired the staff for the new location but as business starts to grow, we'll likely need some more people. :)
That's why Shawn is a Top Ten for the Hobey Baker Award. Character & Integrity! Class Move! Now That's A Hobey!
You are welcome!
Just me, my bed, my starbursts, and my feelings.
We stopped checking for Monsters under the bed, when we realized they were inside of us.
haha seriously...dedicated SO many days of my life to that game! I miss it!
That was probably a tad much. *shrugs*
loves, loves, LOVES Stabler from Special Victims Unit.
Me too! Hooray for 's Green Fridays! RT Today is my Friday!
I want to play pregnant with you in Toys R Us.
Forever claiming Lucas as my little brother.
Lincoln Lawyer was good.
Gained mine!
Fantabuloso friday! SO EXCITED!
I've been hitting 'Junk' on academic spam mail for months in Entourage and nothing. I hit it once in the Outlook Web client and it's gone.
Jason aldean is on with us now
Dialed up a beautiful one today, Philadelphia.
Putting in work.. Graduation is around the corner! 1 more semester. Wow
Married men masturbate more often than married women.
it's okay, I had bacon this morn
I got the same email! I guess I shouldn't have been surprised....
Red mango with Dominic
Reading that poem was a beautiful way to start my day.
Someone who thinks logically provides a nice contrast to the real world
woah yikes! workin on a new song!!!
Noah is like a Chihuahua dog, always active, but not talented.
Villasana retains her belt after 3 rounds by judges decision.
<3 thank you ! Tonight Mendez hits Phoenix's Scenario Wednesdays
you should hear their suggestions I'm laughing too! Hahaha miss you!
I endorsed Irene Becker on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook"
'Parting is such sweet sorrow.' Tearful goodbyes w/ the kids @ the crisis shelter.
what PF text omg
Preach it Khristi Adams
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
haha the funny thing is I was going for the Kermit look! ...not really.
HB1136 has been called down on 2nd reading. Amendments are being heard.
The billboard of Jr Bush saying do you miss me yet was up a round 1-2 years ago between Yuma and Casa Grande Arizona It made me mad
I only watch it anymore because I can't stand the delay from radio to tv
oh stop you love it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
no mom jeans today-too hot! but I did take the kids to the pool with snacks, drinks and toys in hand, mini van will come later!
And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else
aloe quest.
yes it is.
Why is the a/c off every time I come home?! it's freaking Texas here!!!
Which one?
Busy day. Hopefully a sign of good things to come.
Can you make it anymore obvious that you're staring at my boobs dude?
I wonder what Word does that makes it take so long to load… I mean it's a word processor, and I have huge 3d games that are snappier.
I pray for everything i want so lord knows im desperate.
The remarks about my reaching the age of Social Security and coming to the end of the road, they jolted me.
Yes, I just saw a priest playing on his new ipad. Clearly he made Santa's nice list!
I have the urge to write some kind of response to the blog post defending corporate archivists, but not sure how to formulate it.
imma sweet person lmao no homo
RT: : nudity is the best policy :D
Nah. Not tonight, but thanks! Art stuff to do.
Got money on the nuggets tonight!!
God pushes me through all the pain and the weakness
here you can have this turd cookie i didnt really want to eat it anyway youre welcome
Excited to serve you! RT RT : Just passed the opening up on Diversey Ave. excited to try it!
We're too cool to be alone But, not too crazy to get busted-Matchbox Twenty, Busted
Awhh thanks! Anytime baby girl! I'm always here! Love you more!
The day continued with two tracks, each packed with valuable content and interactive Q&A sessions
Brushing my teeth and washing my face with bottled water. How Beacon Hill-ish.
Nanny Pick-Up line: I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
From NYU Campus Transportation: Routes B,C,&E will operate on a regular schedule through and including Tues May 15th.
Last week #MeekMills House Party was renamed #LaunchParty shut it down over 400 witnesses to the way the Djs killed it.
instead of acting all high and mighty, some people just need to grow up and get over themselves and go on with their life. time to grow up
omg tht happen but the teacher turned round and said this ones on heat and this ones on enery it wass so boring !!!!!
Brian Roberts is on Twitter? Why? Can't people just get the same information from reading an Orioles injury report?
Follow back? & I love your tweets lol. :)
thanks for the retweet! On my way back to showroom round two... It's a mess need help or Vodlka
Rumor has it.
When are you going to move?!?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet i'd have to say it'd be.... nicki minaj. i love her more than anything.
Damn Tonight <<<<
It isn't the best way to judge who is good and who isn't, but when it comes to historically... it's one of the few tools we have.
Yep! I'm staying in tonite:)
Delectable chocolate covered treats and juicy delicious burgers?! What more could you want?!
RT : Need Occupiers for the money out of politics conf this sat free food press pls msg me
awl what a smart way to get a dose of dog.
my poor oliver is scared of storms! this is going to be a long night..
Holy cow. You ARE single. That's impressive but also crazy.
My mom has some Peach moonshine... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Think the Blues have a shot today??
why do I always see your mentions late? -_-
Some people overbuy their cars - for example by adding an engine
Ghetto BASIC bitches with money smh #Love&HipHop
I've never been to such a lively LIS event! (Without drinks.)
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. Thomas H. Huxley
Okay and Sure :D
#soonernation what round do you think will go in?
I can do this all day! Show you pics of all those who had copy lady gaga! Lol *I don't have 36 hours for all that work*
what's going on in that game now?
The Office season two has as much Chili's as Friday Night Lights had Applebee's.
that is funny.
its illegal to beat up 14 year old girls. Already looked into it..
. I have a ? about "MSACSR". Is the Y-axis supposed to be months? The notes make it sound like it should be a ratio
Needs to get a job. Going to apply to today
I like the #buffetrule....the JIMMY BUFFET rule. #its five o-clock somewhere
Hey Bret, stick with what's working. Run the ball!
I feel like if somebody sits on a lap they have to ask for some presents.
Sometimes you just want to talk about your research, and I love that.
GIMMIE A BEER heavy on the root #;)
Mickey Mouse Club reunion.. Please <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I will.
Indiana Pacers have played a great game so far....I'm impressed.
so you cool RT“: I am in like 3 pages of the yearbook lol”
Wanna free acting class? Come tomorrow at 1pm to Actors Comedy Studio and check out our Hollywood Youth classes!
Just had a moment where I felt really grateful for being exposed to literary & rhetorical devices in HS.
Hey, I think I *played* that mall with a church group in high school, haha. As the cliché goes, it gets better.
Bacon Happy Hour......... I think i know what I'm doing next week!
Have my mind made up :)
emma watson.
always looking for some help with that!
How many books are you at for the year? I've slowed down, I think. I'll finish my 58th today.
If mediatakeout had a twitter I would at them
So You&#39;ve Decided to Host an Orgy
Obama: the House won't be the same without Barney Frank
smoking = messes in the kitchen.
Last week of month 1 of #insanity!!!!
What kind f surgery did you have??
no problem!
Hey chick how you been :) it's been a wile
Oh geez..FAIL. Sorry..XD
Thanks for sharing my post! You are probably getting pounded in NJ, huh? Raining/windy here in DC.
man jack I been chilling. U still been on that rappin shit
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information. - Bill Watterson
RT Let's welcome the first lady to twitter. we are happy to have you!
Thanks for years , you are leaving a huge void
When people TRY to be funny <<
Haters gonna hate, #MAHOMIES gonna love <33
my pleasure amy. I am a big Rahsaan fan, especially on flute he and Eric Dolphy superb.
Literary debate: Which book should I read next? "Maurice" or "A Room of One's Own"?
Thanks Bernard and hope you are well and let me know if you would like to donate for my books! Cheers, Layden.
#Medeco - 6th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification (MACS) for Original key systems?
Reading Beaton in Vogue- visually stunning. Review to follow.
lolol. Your welcome.
And the madness continues! Amped for and tonight at #WillametteValleyMusicFest!
you're welcome Tony! Anytime!
Do you ever stop and think before you tweet
Help! I am searching for an executive to interview re: Sustainability or Corporate Responsibility for MBA assignment. Recommendations?
I love it here minus the rain
oh really---its cloudy in Dallas--only a few sunrays....oh reffing thats a fun job
Thank you!
I need a coffee. Now!
There's George Washington on one shoulder and the devil on the other. The devil is saying you'll be fine, go with what you used to do.
Hahaha me to!
#thewayiseeit im living my life to da fullest
So the sox guy throwin perfect against the twinkies. Try that with the #TIGERS !!! Didnt think so
here in Abq a guy opened a restaurant. Stop N Go. Sign looked like In-N-Out and had same type menu.
I know I'm late with this but Happy(belated) B-day!
Hey girl! Your profile pic is so cute!
So Apparently We Wont Work If iDont Smoke With You Once . So That Means We Not Workin Right now Huh ?
Vegas was fun.... Cinco de Mayo in San Diego will probably be better ;)
I might even try my luck at Blackjack or some other; the evening is young and I'm feeling lucky.
Suggesting Black Cocoa Creme next time..m! RT : Starting Tuesday morning off with a medium French Vanilla
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Fine copy of the original soundtrack to "Muscle Beach Party" on vinyl with Annette looking innocent and scrumptious at Memory Lane
So much today.
aww.. RIP Dick Clark.. sad! What a legend!
Did I say we would help the green company finance through private investor. Great deal for company in start up mode.
Had a great time at the Elliott Brood show in Charlottetown.
Not my job.
Can't fucking believe that call. Robbing both my niners and my fantasy team of points you cheating pieces of shit.
It was a good day today. had a cigar at a nearby lounge, talked with the mayor there and now I am going to be working on his Senate Campaign
#SEXnote to men: NO WOMAN (except a loose vagina) enjoys PUMPERS...it feels like your masturbating with her vagina #SLOWstrokes gets it DONE
passed on. That will make Dodie's Fayed's family very happy. Give them peace, they can talk with him. I'll write a book that outlines this
" Your positive energy and vision must be greater than anyone’s negativity. Your certainty greater than everyone’s doubt."
Awesome quote and 100%agreed ": My constant prayer for myself is to be used in service for the greater good. -Oprah"
it helps she didnt get much for breakfast. Teachers says small/no meal and generous treats for training :)
Haha, me too RT : With each older swimmer's successful comeback (Evans, Ervin, Hansen, Torres) I just feel fatter and fatter.
. Frank and I just had breakfast together
has the worst costumer service I have dealt with in a long time... Thanks for making me stranded
Never fails out here.
I create stunning art for print and web. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com Michael Calixtro
what time?
One of the greatest pitching performances in #Brewers history. Wasted. Still in disbelief 15 hrs after it happened.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In family law as in so many other realms of life, you can usually get more with sugar than with vinegar.
What a crazy day to start as a blazer...
Stop in and grab a slice o' da week, The Carne Fresco: Bunzel's Pepperoni, Fresh Mozzarella, and fresh oregano.
your leaving
#GoodTimes - my favorite episode has to be "Black Jesus".
Thx to the music lovers who came to our gigs @ Cotton Club in Tokyo!I heart Japan.Today's itinerary: Norita-LAX-JFK.See you soon! Gambarimas
I want an Ice Blue BONG!.
When my workout partner is hungover.... or still sleeping <<<<<<
So many rangers fans at this bar
i think im going to need a massage tonight!!! gonna be sore :)
good day!
merry Xmas!!!
Saw today w/ birder friend in Stanwood, Wa Arctic Snowy Owls, Short Ear Owls, many eagles, Harriers, rough-legged & red tailed hawks!!!
Great Day in Church today as we celebrated God's Love through Valentines Day Sunday. Preached sermon "I'll Always Love You" 1Cor. 13
I just saw the new icarly blooper episode... that was honestly the worst episode of icarly ever. Seriously, Im so dissapointed.
when is this nightmare going to end and we come into our riches?!?
they're pointing the finger at the when in truth it's their own negligence that caused the situation
SEO Rich - twitter.com/expert
currently texting <U+2665>
double duty homie
Tracy: Google has a rule that software engineers can't be more than 100 ft from food!? Why don't librarians have this rule???
We are ready for Mother Nature and whatever she sends our way.
myspace is full of fail
The #eldercarechats are the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Looking forward to seeing you when you can join!
Blue Valentine. Great movie. Great castings.
G'night twitter
I love it! Haha! I'm thinking about ordering the long sleve white tour shirt...how do you like it?
#WhatIMissMost is your late night phone calls...
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. Jimi Hendrix
we need to make a list of 100 things to do before graduation
hillbilly? I've been listening to rap every day for over 10 years I can re site almost any rap song
Lessons from watching Hellraiser: Never go home with someone you meet at a bar. Especially if her roommate has a bunch of nails in his face.
I just got back home from new orleans
Aye my driver side window roll down. Blessed beyond measures.
that's what's up.. Aww, I was hoping I could have used it for a visit.. Oh well:( lol
Damn our old page on twitter had over 1500 followers...time to step our game up!
Old heads outchea, fat asses and flirtin <U+E405>
Governor General&#39;s Itinerary for the Visits to Brazil, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago
Peaceful night at #highfalls too peaceful... Kinda creepy!
welcome to the game. I got all these apps I like to evangelize about so I'll have to put u invite list now.
What are you working on?
HD members keep praying! is thinking about it! Pray for & they might come back too!! LOL!
Hosting Holiday guests? get your goodies at the ! Saturdays 9 am to 2p!
definitely the best times ever, except after warped haha (:
not yet
I don't usually like/take naps, but one is definitely necessary before Derby Sanchez tonight
This is you Jericho
"put the seatbelt back on, you stupid piece of bitch." "the fuck. that made no sense.." LMFAO.
Thanks for the birthday wishes my man!
OH. Thanks for clarifying for me.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me, Girl you rock me harder than some downtown band.
LK gets our vote!
I love Adventure Time. It's amazing. xD
of course.
- Thank you following us!
have fun.. imma be sitting home alone -__-
We won "Best Bookstore" in the "Best of Burque" contest! Thanks so much to all of you who voted for us!
The Brewers have started wearing ruby slippers.
. encourages exposing process of hum. work WHILE it's happening & argues 4 libraries as location for this// Yes!
I'm off to the heart of Rust Belt Chic, the amazing , to meet some writers.
Just hit the 200-Likes mark. We really like all 200 of you too. Big Hugs.
It's only Monday, but I am congratulating myself for making it through the day with a level head.
don't you dare fall for his shit ! #I'llKillYou
Would like to see an Ana-them records band play in some day.
If you have not had a sit down meeting with your direct reports in the last month, go sit in a corner.
Yes! #Easter RT : The closing video today at was one of the most powerful things I've ever seen at any church. Wow!
Seguin wearing the chain after the gw making him first recipient of both the chain and the jacket
I will have to look it up in the Encyclopedia Britannica! LOL It should be in the history section!
Free my GrandMom
Have a great weekend
Congrats on DWTS, it just sucks that I'm going to have to watch it now.
Cause You're A Dum Dum Beetle Head. Lmaooo
nothing to hear but lots to see-visual artist =)
Oh ok, i get it
Good luck coach.
Just picked up my bike from It has a shiny new chain & clean drive train. Those guys are awesome. Free coffee too :)
were you on tv?!
Make sure he secures that toupee. RT Former Oklahoma State great Bill Self shooting 3's at Kansas shoot-around.
At Catalina Jazz Club on Sunset and Highland waiting for one of my favorite jazz vocalists Diane Shuur to come on stage. Excited!
Pumped for #THEBANGARANG 5 year anniversary party tonight. The original crew back in the spot to! and on TUNES!
#raw10 as a Kid, I fought wit a guy over a girl. I won but she went wit the other Guy anyway. They have 5 kids n divorce. A Loser never wins
This bish would fuck with middle eastern rich boys just to be seen getting off a beamer.
goin' the extra mile & killin' them with kindness....
Do you have an opinion on Body by Vi?
sorry about that! That would diff piss me off! I don't understand why someone would want to do that????
I hope that doesn't mean I've got a wak score or anything!? Of course your number will be way better than mine gorgeous! :)
what you going hard over there for
o.o thought u said he got u o
Thanks Erin! Hopefully you'll get a taste at one of our grand opening events.
I don't care, you flirt with my boyfriend or anything. I'll say something.
Whither the bros of yesteryear?
How do you manage your social media streams #mwrc12 ?
Me, too. I can have it, but since the radiation it doesn't do anything for me. Adieu Stoli.
Tough d now #ku ... Ohio St unraveling
Sorry to hear! You should tell your neighborhood watch group about our site/app! Its designed to help in situations like that
D Boys Be The Livest.
We feel your pain! And what you do for beer money is your own business.
oh you are so welcome! It totally made my day! :-)
Networking can be fun and rewarding if you chose who to develop a relationship with, wisely. If someone is looking for an angle, forget them
oh #syracuse I know I am young but my heart can't take these close games! but one hell of a game ..LETS GO
ok you is followed :)
you must be back from paris :)
u better start following our class! Got Ron following us already!!
Love Luma. Working tonight though!
Lebron needs some rest.
She gets it. Now she knows what it's like to be a minority.
Do you like my new name?Lol.c;<
Finally getting to shower <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
I just might be more excited for 10:14 tomorrow than u r<3 freshly washed my mahomie gear and wearin everything red! Sweet 16!
LOVE starting the week off right w/ Newsletter! The list of 12 things the BEST Coaches do better than the rest is on point!
At My Twitter name so i know its real!
"You know, I graduated summa cum laude That’s why they thinking I’m Illuminati"
I'm on line researching Mr. B. and his Big Band. He was before his time. An originator! Gotta Love Him!
i keep failing those unit circle quizzes for geometry. D': i need a tutor please.)':
"Do you promise" might be the best line in two seasons
I wonder how will keep customers. My emails are running 22 hours behind.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>RT : All on my mind. Gotta fade this. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I got to wait a month to go to Alabama >.<
The red line smells like beer.
ah. I smell a cliffhanger.
It's ok #DevilNation. Remember last series? Didn't Philly score first in every game we won?
Take time to count your blessings today!
Which one?
I LOVED Iron Man!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>He was just hilarious! I wanna see that movie a million more times!
I don't believe in quotas. America was founded on a philosophy of individual rights, not group rights.-Clarence Thomas
No, I think 's favorite team is worse than yours
teaching masters level class:assignment to define "instructional design & technology"-what's your definition of the field??
breakfast at blind dog next week?
11:45 and just getting to our couch.
Good Morning. :) Today you should have some Pomegranate.
Mohammed Ali Zeinhom from Egypt did the most two-finger pushups with one arm in one minute (46). Whatever. I can eat 6 doughnuts in 1 minute
$NFLX Hastings: Ultimately, TV Everywhere/Xfinity will be main Netflix competitors.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Thank you for the shoutouts :)
haha not that sunny!! Lol. I'm almost done with the semester so that's all good. Deciding whether to stay here or back to MN
Bracing myself for a day full of meetings.
me too,I used to freaking hate him haha but I have a whole bunch of his merch;)
Haha.. Done it! “Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."”
attending the Technology Stimulus Conference at Region 17.
It's like this institution as well as many others seek aggrandizement over equality, justice & liberty.
Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance.
you did your thing on the Risk It All Album keep putting out good music!!!!
we're lucky to have a smart young leader like yourself in our program! Have a good week!
can only imagine how it feels 2 live in TX. in philly and had heat wave 4 last 2 weeks n dont know how'd handle it all the time
In other office news, the gov't has fined my company $3 billion in tax penalties. Billion. Makes me think the censors are getting cleverer
yummy wings n music win win bidges!
RT “: I'm glad Mitt Romney wasn't in my school and I sure as **** don't want him in our White House #UnfitMitt”
good to know I'll try the one dntwn on Tryon
this lollipop got me good
you don't have to take it
no problem :D
I think it's almost time for a intervention. may be taking this Siri relationship too far.
Mission Repair was really good too. RT : My fave spot was the Molle Chevrolet commercial.
thank you! Happy Monday!
ill be in class @ nursing school tomorrow during the race BUT best believe if u will still be there its DEF getting DVR'd <U+2665>
OR Maybe they did Thats why i handle my bizness personally.
I don't want to Wear skies that has wings on them
Why does Dawson's Creek make me cry? And why do I still have a crush on Pacey?
I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ; )
4/19/1778->P. Henry:I hold myself obliged..to you for the manner in which you have recommended observance of my request for fattening Cattle
#gamesfemalesplay you wouldn't know because we don't tell you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Warn yourself up this holiday season with some delicious local chili !!!!!!!
He totally wants my dick.
Expectorate SPUTUM! :)
miss you to<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
man I do no how to spell I be n school writting god n english
Thanks for being an awesome luncheon keynote speaker at #fdpscc2012!
is this your new song obsession?
Yeah, poor Levon. Sad news.
Just gave a quick youtube lesson on Styx. Domo arigato, Teacup Roboto. Life is good.
Putting my money on boodymeister.
I've had those delicious cup cakes, and will again. I walk often quickly walk by your store, practicing discipline. LOL.
Rachel is a selfish cunt.
schurrs good:) when u gonna come visit? Lol
"ALOHA WILL NEVER DIE !"
And sure enough, three quarters of the league picked Hoffman and half the league picked Jacobson.
Act Like A Lady,Think Like A Men! I Just Got The Book About To See How Can I Win The Game!!!
Awesome! Honestly, never too early to start thinking abt it. Check out our resource center - berecruited.com/resources
#CriminalMinds=my favorite show I <3
Love to see where you hung them if you can tweet a picture. Glad they arrived safely.
So, you should know that is offering y'all's shakedown services (for good reason) in exchange for IPA six packs.
Protect & Nurture Design. Exciting afternoon at
Lies on the lips of a priest.
lol got u all day bro
Can't wait till the alcoa graduation tonight:)
I've got a donut for you, Britches. Come to Austin?
But I fixed that last night! It no longer counts! You still haven't seen Gremlins!
I eat breakfast around lunchtime. Lunch around dinner. And dinner as my midnight snack lol
#humblebrag RT : It's noon and I've already run out of things to do... Anyone else not working today??
The clouds of the emerald city have returned
Besides #modeling, I also want to start #dancing again. Anyone know of anywhere good around here?
shoe city?
Listening To This Girl And Her Boyfriend Argue Ctfu They Too Too Funny.
Because I blew my college fund on season tickets for the kings
yo your beats go super hard playa! I'm about too lease "so high"
Going to bed goodnight everybody sweet dreams:-)
I'm the type where you'd be sort of sad to see me go but not like, really sad to see me go.
mobile twitter sacks!!!
happy to mention your album, Nice work! Thoughts and prayers on the loss of your friend to you and his family...
yes sir, in snowy-slushy Sandy!
It's an honor to follow you! God Bless!
not anymore, he freaks shit if u call him that
Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble.
I hope its 5 push ups ... Tubby ass
thats track is
they haven't loaded it onto iTunes because the season states 22 episodes and not 23...so I sent an email ...guess i have 2 wait
Coolin' watchin' Play-offs right now though!
yeah, that's because the respect wasn't all there. Sad face.
On this day in 1919, the Prohibition Amendment was ratified. Worst day in Big Bill's life...
FB ditched me... can you *%*$^ believe it!?
don't leave
Sorry for your loss, Tony. Sending my condolences.
no not yet i wanna get somethin tho :) he does skype with the people that buy his stuff so i have to buy somethin lol
Thank you Tri-C it was a beautiful day!
“: Guys with affliction shirts who keeps giving you tv shows”
ya off to the party?
RGA trying to do to Dalton (D) what DSCC did to Dole (R) in '08? define the candidate over the summer before the Fall?
chillin w U should come and join us for dinner?
Not sure the crowd wants to hear POTUS' actual to-do list: "Record demo track, Practice beer pong, Work on Swagger"...
miss ya too love. And sun.
I was just called a beautiful black princess. LMAO ? Um black really ?
My mom just said "the only two people I've ever seen float are marvin gaye and beetle juice...." O_o um whaaa?
What's with the 11 news chopper circling Annapolis?
That's definitely awesome! Not everyone is able to pull that off.
only giving you hard time. I love Marissa so much!
"Everything is changing. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke." Will Rogers
did you have a breakdown during Grey's?
Cavaliers earned the No. 6 seed and will face No. 3 Georgia Tech at 12 p.m. Thursday in Chapel Hill. Game televised live on RSN.
There's more to His plan than just paying the bills.
on my way to Bible Study
follow back ?[:
I love your their amazing just like you but what will it take get amazing you follow me
RT if your going to DRAKE tomorrow!(:
Typing on my cell phone since the computers are per occupied.
Thank you for the share!
~A Real Nigga Aint Gone Sit Around N Wait For Money To Fall On His Lap He Gone Get It How He can N Make Shyt Happen..#Pidd..!
We're chatting LIVE with Osama Bin Laden right now! Any questions you want us to ask him? Listen right now!! www.wltradio.tk
QoTD: "Never take anything for granted." (Benjamin Disraeli)
now that would be cool!
“: “: As cliché as it sounds, the game needs us.””
what was the question?
will do. Some time later today.
.....the ups and downs of being a fan....sometimes words cant explain how pissed I am
@ a dance nite guess what came on?! Jr senior-move ur feet!!! #sangro4ever :)
Your photography is amazing ...made me smile!
An almost-audible gasp at 's statement that digital humanities has been practiced for 60 yrs, since Fr. Busa.
thank you.
See everyone at the New Years Eve Event tonight!
More light! :) RT : That's just the lack of heat and light at the moment ...
K... don't lie about that now.
omg i am in love with #wheathins....imma need a whole box
Orange County! Bar330 Fridays at Birch St. Bar & Grill! Open Bar for $20. Doors open at 9:30pm. HipHop Joints at Friday Night Flavors 21+
happy holidays from Hollywood Ca
Stephanie &amp; Don&#39;s AZ Wedding | Anda Marie Photography ...
I still can't really go there. Nothin against her, but all the girls at my music school sang that damn song nonstop all summer
Watching the Tour de France. I guess Verses is good for something.
Exactly what I thought. RT That's sad, but I bet the 2 new shops will be amazing.
love your blog! I <3 halloween!!!
SPIFs are dead simple with Xactly. "Hand me a standard SPIF today and I'll have it up and running tomorrow" Cox Biz
hah you're hilarious
I can hardly bring myself to check MySpace these days...between Facebook and Twitter...I'm as connected as I need to be
Yankees < any other MLB team
RYAN BRAUN is trending
What a gwarn homme. Me nar see you lately
damn, shut up!
I feel bad now for making him worry even though, I just fell asleep :P
Anyone else having problems with ? As soon as I drop text or an image into the content field, the module freezes up.
watching Half & Half on tvone you are really great!!
Welcome to twitter
Did you know: As a female applicant you don't have to answer questions about your religious or cultural beliefs
Sandra Cook just proclaimed a National Teachers Day.
Everyone will ride with you in the limo, but the ones who matter will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. - O.W.
I sent you a text. Well, if you have the same # as you use to. Lol
“ RT : Ministry does not primarily come from what we know, it comes from who we are.”
Annie Hall. Agree!
I wanna come back for a game over the summer! Is everyone playing again?
When I think of #Summer in #Minneapolis, I think of ________________.
I'm disappointed in this Kimye thing. I was hoping we'd go with Kandashian.
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing you will never be with the one you love the most.
80% of heart disease cases are preventable. Choose life today. Small steps make a big difference.
wow! an avatar where your *entire* face is visible!
wahh! I know- 3 times a week just ain't enough. xo
I gotta lifetime warranty. Guaranteed. You'll never leave.
How an Introvert Used Social Media to Generate New Business and a New Career
Everyone come over to the on Monday from 5-7pm to see the awesomeness that is the All-Student Juried Show.
Good Morning
True, but you could easily split one Cheesecake Factory dish into two or even three normal sized meals.
Thanks for letting me use ur Internet tonight Scheest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thank you! There you go...667 /via
Very smart! RT : Fan engagement 101. already 36 "thank you" tweets this morn directly to fans....and increasing.
I love ya #Montreal!
Great! Just email me at and I'll give you P/U instructions. See you soon.
Aight Nick Perry im wit ya yes Whitneys Fell off my Board
OMG! #RoomRaiders is back?!?! Our adult lives are now complete.
Kristen Stewart always seems to be shaking off the effects of a tranquilizer dart.
Follow Please Please Please It Will Probably Make Her Life Lol :)
With the 198th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Chris Perez
and I are the only ones awake right now
- Thanks for the #ff - Agree on these as well -
omg LAY OFF RICK PERRY! He probably confused venture capitalism with nazism. Just leave him alone, it's an honest mistake.
I got my UFO,s I love these pants : )
Yeah, except they're The Goodman. Which means a lot more audience and Jeff Nominations.
but Carlos wrote invisible not Logan.. :)
worst. thing. ever.
have some BBQ for me!
Quality time with family > everything
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!!
don't mind me.... I have an opinion about everything :) (btw, Keaton was fun in Edison)
story on ESPN needs to be fixed, his agent isn't Patrick Brougham, check PFT for better info
hey my sis are you on? :-)
'When feelings become more important than faith, people will become more important, & God will become less important.' -Ed welch
Just had 3 sessions in a row where the singer left w/ an extra octave of usable vocal range. I'll just say it, I have the coolest job EVER.
I #smh at stupid people!
thank you Nick for the encouragement.
yea my boy
Huge thanks to , , , & for ur help w/ #TecmoVIII. W/o u, there's no tournament.
I finally entered the Twittersphere - a long time coming....
Food fight! Tomatoes fly in Spain - Seattle Post Intelligencer
I need to meet new people who listen to the same type of music as I do man.
Gov Schwartz, trying to raise money
shoutout to for the pillows u really went clutch for me lol. i had these other pillows for a minute lmao
naw gotta watch it when I get on the comp. Herd the and the duets were awesome too
It's a CTRL+V kinda day...
every year.
no I was heading to Edmond. I made it, but people were driving like maniacs!
i am DISPLEASED with Newsweek and the internet will KNOW ABOUT IT. Because I DOMINATE. (except in the bedroom)
Bosh gotta go, love em to death, but he gotta go
CT official tourism video shows steam train, I thought it was Metro North's latest trains for Fairfield County.
frankie ill take them, do you want to meet up tomorrow at the theatre?
People more likely to vote or agree with content than create content.
I understand the need for proctoring/authentication, but the focus on it always makes me a bit sad and queasy.
Tight game for the #Huskies and the #Beavers. Coming down to the wire. I love this time of year!!
- what up cutie :)
You need marketing, branding and PR services! Contact me and I'll share with you how to create visibility, position your brand and utilize …
The SECI model and explanation from the 2003 article was much easier to understand.
Just got in an AWESOME Training Session! :) Are you planning to workout today? If so, what are you going to do? Make it a Healthy Day!
you want me to go out in this storm? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
hope you're ready for the weekend!!! I'm in my "mid 20's" now lol
Thanks to my baby for putting me on.
I'm good. How're you?! I work independently.
Have fun! RT : Good luck fellow runners! Finish strong!
Gettin up in these festival guts today! With a wine/muscle relaxer hangover.
house sat for a person with their own couch!
Happy Father's Day!
Nice to see you on twitter. Hope life is good.
excuse me! What are u talking about Jeremy?
How many Super Shopper Stamp cards are you dropping in the barrel on Sunday? Grand prize is a $500 prize pack!
Most of the #sharks don't know bikes. $650-$1k for a custom cruiser is reasonable, #sharktank Can't wait to get mine.
chumps. Time proven. Chumps
ok maybe bri can get you cause lee is having something tonight.
My friends suck..
"STAY STRONG"
Calvin Klein and Express
The root of that prosperity can be found in the Declaration of Independence, which recognizes the God given right of each persons happiness
Bed <3 lol I lost track of time .....
Job Tip: Shy? The days of hiring someone who will never speak to a customer are over. Force yourself to get over it!
Ok #TeamFollowBack I been stuck at 167 followers for too long. Help me out guys RT 33 more till I hit 200
Mayor Nutter #youthviolence asks what is our domestic terrorism response ? Guns, gangs, domestic violence deserves no less than intl terror
Aww, you must be doing something right if she wants live it TWICE! :)
Happy hour begins in 30 minutes-1st here at the firm. The big kahuna has said today it's for his "homie" Christina. LOL Love him to bits! (;
I listened to your podcast with Dr. Stream this morning. Great job to you both!
Jimmy you look adorable!
Someone picked a fight with the wrong person
oh Ace, you know you LOVE texting me (;
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Watching the classic rival soccer game America vs Chivas. GO AMERICA!!!!!
Let me shout out Radio One today... Making this media buy lovely for this summer.
Finally made it to twitter. Ready to shovel even more online content into my already ADD brain. Absurd?
I attributed it to you! But I believe you about CC
RT : Huntsman endorses Romney in English. Mandarin version coming
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
well haters r losers that is why they hate! Lol
moving up in the world!
I get the best feeling when you say hi to me or even smile because I know for a second, I crossed your mind
I hope you keep fighting for what you believe in, but I pray for your safety through all this.
Any Scramble with Friends fanatics out there????
Used Montenaes I.D. got some free food on campus ...one good thing I can say about us "looking alike"
crv #easiest commercial to make. C'monnn mann
Bissenger: what happened w/ Paterno and Penn State
Holy moly! It's September 1st! #CraftinCarnival is JUST around the corner! Awesome vendors, swag bags, raffles, food trucks! Can't wait!
Both, thanks!
it's Matt :D
Whoever did her sew-in weave took her headline 50 yards back. Damn.
Thanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT Smile today.. And let everyone wonder why!
Wow. Dana is not here so I'm gonna be in Math all by myselff. Lamee.
Lol RT : People kill me talking bout "I'm unfollowing you!" and you're telling me this because...? Like I really give a damn. Haha
long week?
Only Ke$ha song I like? "This place about to blow!!" Reminds me of 4th quarter at #PBS with the !! :)
Too much milk.
Are the ultimate VIP packages sold out in Atlanta??
Happy #Asian Heritage Month!
In the #Boston area? Applying to #college? Let me know if you're interested in a workshop on writing
In the opener, Miami won the battle of the boards, out-rebounding Dallas 51-31.
tweets address. Apologizes to
thanks! we're submitting this week :)
the new years resolutions are wearing off, but stay active! it's a lifestyle, not a temporary goal
My Favorite Young Dolph Song " Much Deeper . "
"Like two stars that suddenly fell down from the sky."
he's my cousin!!
All Incline village schools will be canceled today all other WCSD schools are on a two hour delay.Monday jan,23
It doesn't suck! Hope you are doing well!!!!!
nice haha sounds like a good time! I was going home from picking my mom up from work:/
You'll be getting one of those coveted reporting-from-the-red-carpet assignments on Oscars night, right?
no worldwide as in the centre of the universe - the USA ! :P
good morning!
I just went for a walk but still bored out ma mind
Attending SECO 2012? Download the just released onsite program in addition to course handouts via our iPad app!
It was hot...too hot. Hotter than it oughtta be in May...in Chicago. I woke up in my office...someone had roughed up the place.
yes I was lol a few weeks ago but getting better!
what do you mean?
thank you! It's rekindling my love of Rainbow Brite!
Awesome hang time w/ & Now time to spoil myself with a ridiculous cheese tray & misfits.
And six hours later, the meeting draws to a merciful close.
my parents are in town and would love some food. Where you going to be tomorrow?
Ok but I don't get up there till Wed. Will you be up there that day or Thursday. They'll know you by Phillygodfather?
just got off facebook! :) then went back on
There's no better way to start a Monday than with a little coffee and ballet :)
The seconds to minutes years to life I on ragged knees ask you to be my wife to have and to hold and get each other through the lonely night
gomez changed my life much I love you always sing your songs, please follow me in my twitter
alright man take it easy
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent wings, chicken with white/wild rice soup and plenty of Mardi Gras specials
RT via : RT sla2010 Follow for the latest on New Orleans. #sla2010 re-tweeter to launch Oct 5!
I Know... I Know... Killing Me #Kurado... SERENITY NOWWW!!!!
Seriously not hearting the new Gmail. >_< I want back the old look!
Awesome! How often are these networking events?
I ran into and he told me you were there and I missed you and I was so sad!
" "Drake so soft a mink might wanna rock that nigga skin for a coat." - " hahaha
It's called Christmas with a Capital C, Jesus is the reason!
added a small disclaimer to my twitter bio so you all know what I tweet is my opinion and no one else's
Going to go see #ProjectX today it's going to be epic hell yea.
Working on post at the Hadassah-Brandeis Institute on a short doc about #MartinGrossman.Need more funding. How are things w/you?
no! F you guys! *walks away*
thanks for the #FF! :)
Diva in full affect
The next time my cat uses my couch as his scratching post, he's gonna find himself living in a tree. (Take note, )
double cross and a slam
"Be helpful" simple and practical advise to follow everyday
#IfTwitterDoesntExist I cannot interacting with
how do you play beer pong?
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
Thanks for the sweet Tweet! Looking forward to a great week is the first step to a GREAT WEEK!
Stop trying to show people you fit im and show them what makes you different.
it isn't safe for airport to take bags off plane when #obama is taking off? why does #tsa get paid to make sure bags are explosive free?
#Balliceaux tonight! Richmond VA. w/Meschiya Lake & The Lil Big Horns. Day 4 of #lilbigshowdown promo tour. Show starts at 10pm.
so i still get scared lol
I've only been during Essence and Mardi Gras. May be time to step up sophistication and head to JazzFest.
RT every relationship is give & take,, jus make sure theyre not doin all the takin while u do all the givin :)
Yes!RT : DRUGS
appreciate it!
My new neighbor owns a tattoo shop.
www.is.gd/ff4EO Zappa -- "If You Want to Learn, Go To a Library"
I can RT this though. RT : I can't even RT what I just read in the link from Completely & utterly disgusting.
I'm the one coming through the speakers
Dry text messages <
Some body want to call me & talk to me while I struggle to hold onto dear life?
Congrats to our friends as they signed #Packers WR Jordy Nelson to an exclusive marketing agreement
Year and a half anniversary with
everything is swell. Getting ready for the national title game.
Who will be at Bamboozle/Hoodwink?!
carly does. Lol
you, like these games??? I c lol
www.platinumposts.com thanks for the support!
I know, I can't believe it either. I didn't watch the special on CNN, but I might have to try and catch it later.
you making a play for "Father of the Year?"
awww<<3 what would we do?(:
This issue of 2ktrillion was hot. I'm new to the magazine but I'm loving it. Sweet ;-/
careful...shes been known to go WWE off the back of our sofa
I never expected Adam Yauch to bring me to tears, quite.
Great defensive practice tonight getting ready for the league hope you are ready…
The WENUS episode is on right now!!! Yay!!!
#top10Lies I like you.
Emeril swag. Cooking' in the kitchen.
I'll do my best! Thanks!
I have no idea how are so good. They just ARE.
To everyone who responded to my "Christianity at King's" e-mail: I'll get back to you next week. I'll be totally drained until then.
i think that between title ix and other court rulings ..there has to be some ground to stand on ... Plus colleges...
Hey Nile, have a beautiful night! x
Heck, my Dad is a great homeless guy & former civil rights movement/social justice activist. Happy 2 hook them up. :P
I don't think I stepped over a line, but I can understand a student reacting negatively to those particular tweets.
you're gross <U+E409>
he is not blocking them; he is restricting contact, for now, so that Uthoff is required to justify his interests!!!!!!!
trayvon could look like any of our sons
Why does my sister have to be such a fucking bitch!!!
you're very welcome. Best interview I've read in a long time, with anyone.
New posters of St Joseph, MI --North Pier-- on my website today www.lewhagood.com CHECK THESE OUT!
SPA DAY! SPA DAY! SPA DAY!
Dear sir, that "McStud" shirt you are wearing tells me your love may be a value, but will also make me gassy.
Waking up early to go to school is a waste.
Hip Hop Artist "The GAME " will be playing tonight & will take pictures & sign autographs. Grant High School Tonight 7:30 Pm. Pass The Word
Todays brew shopping list is already at $1000. What are you buying for the #weekendbrew?
Thousands of dollars saved up for no reason but cant afford gas
Okay, but it has the words "house wives" for a reason. >_>
Almost feel healthy enough to be a real human being. Just in time for the weekend
Hitting the road for Memphis today!
Last chance for #SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken! Hyde Park south from Convention Ctr, # 7-DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGS-NB, get off at Duval & Park
No water glass is safe in my house. At least cat leaves other drinks alone...
Bbq teriyaki ribs, scalloped potatoes and great company! My night is officially turning in the right direction. :)
miss you too! I hope you have a wonderful Mother's Day tomorrow. We need to talk soon. Love you sweetie!
Good morning yall...I am alive...another day...thankful for what I have cuz others have less and would kill for my blessings...
I'm gonna need therapy, now.
From Nappy head Greasy face Eatin Watermelon To drug dealer Armed robber Now convicted felon
In a survey of state CIOs at #NASCIO11a the top cited pain point they are experiencing by a wide margin is barriers to consolidation efforts
Its not even summer yet and I'm dark
Hope all you FAC Heads had a wonderful Wednesday! Stop in tomorrow and receive any TWO top shelf strains for a $30 donation!!
word up!!
When Juliet & Jermaine were up there & she started crying my heart broke. I love her so much and even tho she didn't win she's going far.
thanks but no worries girl
#TODAYsxsw at least a dozen people are waking up in a panic b/c of daylights savings time
thanks very much, great to have you!
I live in a complex with a full gym, yet the meatheads upstairs turn their living room into one and drop kettle bells on the floor. Idiots.
like me :D
.RT: : in your opinion, is a one page resume ideal or is a more detailed multipage resume better?
for sure!!!
New headphones, thank goodness.
Anyone apply for a passport recently? How long did it take to receive? Mine just expired and I'm planning a trip for Feb. Crap.
That noise in my earphones knocked my nose off and I had to pick it up and find it.
Sure, no problem ! I enjoy connecting as well. Day is going great working on home, auto article and e-newsletter
Really enjoyed presenting at the #cleantechsd board meeting recently. Highly impressed with that organization and it's leadership.
Thanks so much! It was great to meet you! See you at the next
just chillin like a villian on twitta. what bout you?
Sunroof open and blasting 's Whackjob Workout Mix...summer is so close <U+2600>
Baby giggles are the best. Impossible not to smile when she laughs and smiles
Thanks for the follow, Alyssa!
The best thing ever, obv. RT what would a cable TV show involving big data and data viz look like?
Reds won!!!
Marni, thanks for following!
volunteers are at Borders (Greendale) today til 6pm wrapping gifts & collecting donations for the animals!
A psychic me it'd take 7 months for my life to get better. I think he was wrong bc I finally feel like everything is falling into place
Cancun catering, the couch, and Downton Abbey?
Thanks for listening!
You know, it's one of those holdovers from adolescence. Ghosts that haunt & all. I like the reinvention idea.
For all you coffee drinkers out there, keep in mind you’re stressing your body & increasing blood pressure while trying to keep...
"Nigga, you know where I came from? I was workin' 10 hours a week! I can handle this shit nigga!!" Lmao!! TOO FUNNY!!
Participating at at today! 9am-4pm. Drive safely and we'll see you there.
thanks so much Tony!
#lagirlproblems RT : Your purse is fake
Yes, they will. RT : Oh they will be warmed up!
To all the people we served in the past who know the "codeword", we will do the raffle at the end of April! God bless!
and in about 20 mins you take em out and put em on paper towels and salt em wow so easy. it's called the Robuchon method i guess!
had a great talk with my bff :)
hi there, what's your email address?
dont let it break you no matter how hard things get, life goes on
#rhonerangers tasting event was a blast.
My goodness! SXSW has left my whole entire body sore And now New Orleans... Here we go! :p party time x.x
The Georgia Entertainment Association Presents: "In The Mix" May 2012! From 6PM to 10PM! WITH A VERY SPECIAL GUEST Q&A! BE THERE!
still so happy that you came to orlando on your vacation asfkfkdlaldlsla
Complete opposite.
yes he is<3
Only could design a 2 page bill too complicated to decipher. I'm 75% sure my rate isn't increasing, but may cancel on principle
I'm not coming over until like 2am
Ready for school to end & the night to begin.
ALL hosted by and of ! #crackingthecode THIS Thurs, Aug 18 at Parrot Jungle. Lunch/ breakfast provided!
Planning Commission request has no teeth; it will be up to City Council to determine appropriateness of tying tax break to local hiring. 2/3
Mickey Mantle? No Mickey Mantle? He would be on before Rivera. Heck, so would Yogi. That guy has more rings than Zales.
Friday Question: Is "Die Hard" a Christmas movie? I say yes and it's a real good one.
Ugh I always get mad whn 'game of thrones' ends
haha ikr!! :D anytime you wanna watch a free willy movie..I'm your girl! ;D
Same. Tahaha do you live in Ashland?
"Irrational and crazy, but we go through it all because... we need the curry."
do you wanna come see me show? It starts at 7 and it's 5$
you could move to Memphis, I am trying to get back to Albuquerque
Nice try tho #NJDevils even the series tonight. Goin for the cup! vs
Dilaudid is the shit. Kidney stones, however are not.
Remains hip hop's most innovative storyteller. Check out his new #mixtape ! Who raps over A Love Supreme?!
Fuck trying to get a job....
IT'S AT NIGHTTIME.
I'm okay, I haven't talked to you in forever!!
That's what being ridiculously awesome will do for you.
ehh west side story soon :) hehe gonna see my friend hand out flyers like an idiot
The Ken Brown Pinot Noir by the glass today. Enjoy the delicious Pea tapanade of sweet peas, garlic & Parmesan. Served with warm baguette.
I hope we see each other when you get here. Please leave a comment if you can. How long are going to stay in June?
lol. Yeah. Ok.
thanks girl! :)
Death is for pussies who can't win
That's what I inferred. I don't know much cuz I did only a few times. But I like reading #libchat even when I can't participate :)
Participants have found open parking on Kenwood
Im watching kickass ((((((:
Coyote music festival going on at Cuyamaca college right now.
Wow, Mitt Romney was Biff from Back To The Future.
The Autobarn Volkswagen of Evanston Announces Spring Sprint Event During April - TribLocal
so is #kik shutting down?
"way off base"
does anyone knws JB official twitter???
Today's showing for the Diversity Film Festival: "Black Dead in Dixie" & "Omar and Pete" 5 p.m. SLIS Commons
Haha im going to fail..
the crib is cool, especially when I don't have rent or a mortgage.. LOL
If your home is looking drab, #Protect #Painters is who you need to grab!
D Thanks for the DM! We handle damages like floods, fires and mold removal. It's a dirty business but somebodies got to do it :)
you are the best!!!
Im bout to hit up this free breakfast and I'll return to the book
Sure! We can work out the details...
Watch out, drivers! : #WestLA 405 SOUTH before Santa Monica blvd: There's a 5-car crash in the two right lanes.
RT Michigan’s unemployment rate today is more than 2 percentage points lower than it was a year ago
We should trend #2ndplacevillanueva to make made
Business before Pleasure. Once you understand that, then we will talk but for the mean time. Tighten Up!!! You making yourself look silly.
Just trusting everything to ...Im sorry for getting scared... :/
Wow! I have not checked in for a while Nice to see everyone here
How Cool! RT : Confirmed today that I'll be speaking Friday night May 25th
“: I like puppies.” no you don't.
WOW RT : does! Our CEO office is in the lobby. Members have 100% access to him.
Am I the only person in #Indy who couldn't care less about the race and is, in fact, tired of hearing about it.
Bridesmaids made me miss Milwaukee!
Wow that sucked! EEk
I want a red tricycle. With the same kiddie proportions, just bigger. I mean it wouldn’t have to be that much bigger.
would kill for a J right now, my body is in pain
some women weren't meant 2 have kids it caught them off guard cause sometimes I can't tell whose more childish btwn the parents & kids.
#followfriday Great tweeters!
When your cousin works at McDonalds & gets you free drinks. #LikeABoss ;)
I'm confused too! Now I don't know what to do for the next game...
hell yeah PP!!
#FF the wonderful & talented :) a friend:) please help me get her to 14000followers!!! come on guys! follow her:)U want to!
'No it's not a 'long story'. It's a short story that i just don't want to tell.
Happy Birthday homie
looking really good in that #thundershirt! Thank you for the custom fit!
you are an idiot...what about Greg Oden & Brandon Roy...both signed by Nike and both Retired...
no offense to her!
Anyone want to go to lunch/dinner Thursday or Friday?
gr8 for ya... wish i could go...
crazy! Take a break or u will have nightmares
Satisfaction of recharging camera battery offset by forgetting to reinsert battery into camera before day trip to Capri.
Wats really good
Thanks guys!
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
how do you think Ochocinco will do this week?
you know, the part of that statement that disturbs me most isn't you have barbies, but that you drink nikolai *shudders*
Thx! : U guys do great work! I'm such a fan of the podcast. Please keep it up! I wish nothing but the best for u.
trying to gain weight
I am with yea!! RT : Might look at getting Tix to Silva/Sonnen and take my girl to Vegas for that weekend
Branding is a company's face to the world... What's your branding?
I luv it show can u follow me bye
dead link?
No.. Actually committee hasn't technically "met" yet, but is conferring.
It doesn't matter how much the NOLA studios attempt to brighten the place up it's still draining. Convinced it has a dementor lurking around
"Wood" is the gmail theme version of watching a fat guy go to the bathroom while eating a bowl of pasta (It is unappealing)
The wife has devised a pseudo-Hunger Games themed party for our daughter's birthday. It's a photo scavenger hunt. No one dies. Hopefully.
nice!! Enjoy!
Dear whoever wins the Mega Millions jackpot today I could really use a new car. With all that money I'm sure it wouldn't set u bk! Thanks!
Yup. Phil Davis asks Brantley whether "culture trumps technology" in scholarly publishing - your thoughts? #musepub2012”
Some people just talk super loud. It's always embarrassing. And they seem to always speak to me.
you and me both!
That was a great film! Good luck tomorrow!!
what about conservative beasteality enthusiasts? It is Missouri.
I just emailed you!
": it really needs to be more than you. She çan ignore you." Not in RL ...here watch this....
Oh don't worry, that one's already on the list (at least selections from it, for purposes of this meeting) :)
When it comes to #Brewers fans and shunned 3-letter acronyms, ACL may have just replaced TLR.
RT : Very nice visit to Dwight Foster Public Library in Fort Atkinson today. Director Connie Meyer is doing a great job:...
take good notes!! Let me know anything good!
i would love to lay out in my yard if my neighbors weren't such creepy pedophiles.
Tonight's Specials: 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts & 's Sports/Ent. networking event!
Suck my Motherfucking Dick. ... D-12,Dirty Motherfucking Dozen.
YUM. I made tacos. We should do lunch this week.
Time for new #Fringe! Bring it...
lol, i think you just un/fallowed me
congrats on your win last night# u deserve it and you really are best in the world!! P.s I love you
I can honesty say, I really do love #OhioBeliebers. No body was ever judged, and no body shit talked each other. We ARE a family.
What did everyone think of our NEW upstairs? Let us know!
At Survivor Series Triple H will be, but a match with Kevin Nash-th he will be on TLC.
you got it, home girl. I'll be so addicted to using them. :o
What you are is what you have been. What you<U+FFFD>ll be is what you do now.
Nice ring around the infield. Looks sharp!
Males are the dumber gender.
Dear FL State Troopers, thanks for setting a good example when it comes to signals and lane changing. Yes I'm being sarcastic.
I'm so stoked to see you guys! Good luck tonight (:
#BullSSixers Kendall Gill is about to make me turn to the national broadcast
is there a cover for your stand up thurs?
“The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.” - Anna…
Spirtal encounter was amazing
At explore the #Sephardic world via your palette. Susan Barocas and Jean Graubart will do cooking demos of Sephardic dishes.
I sure did. Just for some me time.
I will never understand my cousin. She really texted me saying she let her man fist her..... again! Thats jus wrong to me.
delays tuesday and wednesday? it's gotta be a good week
#Masseffect3 Comes out today..I have no words to express my excitment :) plus I get to drive to pick it up today so I might die :)
Pretty much have to be there: win, lose or draw. From Toledo, only a three hour or so drive to see #Raiders whip the
I should of said has your wife stop beating you lmao
It is what it is in our generation
Looking like its going to be another great night can't wait for tonight.
Crying at school is the most embarassing thing in the world
TX Hunger Fighters
Perfection is the goal and I'm heading to the pylon.
Just saw a 2nd grader with an entire stick of eyeliner on.
Cause it's killing me
OMG love concept - can't wait to get one healthy foods needs healthy containers
there's some good stuff going on in there
hahhaha I got ya'll, next time for sure.
HA 3 more years of it
"kEEp your MoUtH cLoSed, & Let YoUR EyES LiSteN..!" i am so0oO sleepy...!! Is it 2pm yeT? WiSh i WaS @ h0Me cUdDLiNg w/KaLiaH..!
The moment when you see at the mall (:
Chris, thanks for the follow. Love the work you guys do at RotowWorld! :)
Experimenting with some antique lace, and coming up with some pretty wild results. Good morning!
My life is over. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Great to hear, but still runs agst the perception here that Europe (inc UK) isn't so ent friendly
Loving Anita Shreve's book Rescue.
Yes - that's an important thing
#ImWeakFor great smiles :)
you are welcome - hope you are enjoying a nice afternoon
Havent heared from in weeks,little upsetting
LOL. home plate ump staring him down and getting ready to jack him up
-- Last I checked, you're the GM of your team.
Yep, gotta love Bo's sarcastic cheers.
Okay, I'm done with that.
Results = Dream x Goals x ACTION
U all ready have one of those <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>
#WrestleMania GO PUNK!!!
“ The fixity of a habit is generally in direct proportion to its absurdity. ” — Marcel Proust
*Dance around and works on vocals for tomorrows ustream* Yes we are singing! ! :D - Zaona
its in the library- and Canvas has that too-hoping canvas will also do crocdoc LTI integration- Crocdoc lets us use pen annotation2
#FF Thanks for following us! Busy weekend at your dealership?
Ok, the #BettyWhite commercial for the Voice so far is the best, Seinfeld and Leno come real close though. Waiting on Bueller.
thank you! :)
Yes, we also do blogs! Email us at for more information :)
Give yourself the gift of sight this holiday season - help avoid vision loss from diabetes by exercising regularly and eating right.
I'm good! in town right now wbu?
East Asia Center presents J. Edward Kidder "Myth and/or History: Archaeology Probes the Nihon shoki" 3:15 p.m. today, Campbell Hall 160.
www.megahairelite.com For great strand by strand extensions and training
Let us know when you need volunteers - We'll do what we can to help!
Thanks, Mark.
Merry Christmas Bret! Hope you, Diana & kids have a blessed, awesome day!!
idk i like them all
how crazy is that - we live blocks apart and never met - sitting next to you at a conference breakfast - thanks
Should probably sleep soon.
Where are you uploading the Guster audio from last nights show? Is it publicly available?
Exciting times. Kickoff meeting for designing our mobile intranet!
REALLY!? wow. well i cried when i found out Cody Simpson had a concert half an hour away from me!
13-3 run for #MurraySt has them up 16-13 and forces to call TO. Eikmeier needs to drop some shots if is to win
get some graham crackers + make ghetto s'mores!
I been hearin lately that I'm flarin up <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Real mahomies always support Austin until the end(:
that's what I got. Now to just figure out how to hit send on a tweet without using my fingers
remember all the things that you and i did first? and now you're doing them with her. you got me got me like this!
Back to Buffalo tomorrow. My Plans for break? Updating my resumé and re-working some of my portfolio pieces.
Hope to see you later for #HappyHour!
so fortunate to have a job i love, where i can see life brought into this world...there absolutely nothing like it I feel blessed
call me after
He was walking across a parking lot. Question is, what am I doing in Mississippi?
hahaha such a classic. Will always remember that from frosh year
Looking forward to seeing you guys next week. We're having a little party Friday night if you're in town early.
there she is!!
Let's go
Hey there, (markbrumley), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hefty hefty hefty~ <3
Happy Birthday to Oliver!! :)
One day when the sky is falling ...
The next 5 people to come by ALA Mid Winter booth 1350 and mention this tweet will receive a $15 iTunes gift card!
#TebowGotTradedFor two six flags tickets.
This new track is such a banger. Can't wait to open #9FEST with it
No more...
im gucci jus bored at the crib
It started with a whisper
Thanks much...and I'll be sure and watch for any announcements from them, and your tweets.
#TRUTH RT : we (#bywhichImeanyou) need to stop saying "Legacy Publishing". Legacy=something left behind by someone no longer here.
me 2 man I found some fire bro
I didn't have kids. Because I never wanted to say things like that. I hope your kids never hear you say that. Enjoy them.
No secret! Just make sure the shoes are soft enough. And bring band-aids. Those tiny socks are sometimes cute, too...
Let's catch up!
or i can bring it to you my portable joint
is using all of 's pictures? Lmfao.
oh poop. lol. yes, for sure!! (: We have only 3 weeks left so it better be soon!
ha ha ha! well glad I'm entertaining
I dont even ask. Cuz they just gone lie.
Happy Wednesday! Looking forward to the future!
Oh Chels I love you!!!! xoxoxox
I heard about that but thought it was a joke. Kind of funny but corny. If its good ..then whatever. :)
Back problems have kept me in the house for weeks, & i cant take it anymore i gotta get up and b outside all day
Thanks for the RT. Wasnt that a great artcle?
Thanks for the mention.
hahah one of the best bands in the world is making me cry laughing with all these damn tweets
#IDislikeItWhen, guys send you mixed signals.
I am about five minutes away from booking a ticket and working remotely from Switzerland until this election is over... :/
After being around non-muslims so much, its always so nice to talk to Muslims and speak the language of Islam.
he probably can no doubt!
Amazing Patio + Great Food + Spot-on Service = PATIO BRUNCH Come enjoy d start of a BEAUTIFUL Day w/ US! The weather is PERFECT!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy that isn't afraid to tell you how he feels.. Even around friends a family..
Beer breath all up on your face is unattractive.
Good Morning and Happy Mother's Day! We are live in the sanctuary! Join us as Praise the GOD from whom all blessings flow
Hella tired, such a long day today. But it was fun :)
omfg no im am moar nice to my fanz(:
i love strawberrys
"And I'm gonna love you, like no body loves you."
gotta maximize time.
ps- not rants, knowledge.
My friend just told me she likes the guy I like... I smell a competition :D
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
Haha never heard of strawberry applesauce. Life has been good lots of busy things going on God is good. How's the music goin
awww ok sounds like fun
": F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you."
YOu have to point them out, so they understand their suspect behavior, or let them plead their case.
Jay Cutler & Brandon Marshal is damn near unfair. Throw in Forte, Hester, Knox, Jeffery AND Bennett? RAPE!!!
TONIGHT! No love? Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get some 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Okayy and I Think Yes Im Going :D Lmao ;
Trying to hit the GIS spot.
I wuld rather live my life as if there z a God n die to find out there isn't,than live my life as if there isn't n die to find out there is
The World Sees What We Do, God Sees Why We Do It
Had some good Azz rest, but missed money at work....
Dear #sony , thanks for making laptops that are a pain in the ass to work on, needing 6797893 drivers and software for a fresh install
Vista died on me time to Get a Apple!
. up next, a 2000 word story entitled "Don't you think it's time you called your mother..."
...Casandra helped you.
Oh ur home & want a burger but don't want to get out? No worries just hit up Rudy is freaking awesome!!
Love in the crew
Every modeling agency will be begging me to sign with them, I thought
Yes it was intense, and Dexter brings out his player side.
One hour until Jim reads from A Very Minor Prohet at Powell's Burnside. Rumor has it that he will make it worth your while.
- We agree. Massage is great for relieving stress!!
mucho rain! my dogs cuddled up in my arm :)
Beat gw today improved the record to 7-10 Only 6 games left until the playoffs
Its Harder To Get Jobs Than It Is To Graduate
Grove's Syrah comes from 22 yr-old vines. The oldest in NC? 2day '09 & '10 vintages are open. Drop by & taste this "mini-vertical" for free.
omg yes do it!!
that can stay.
Spanish & Health in Latin America: 6wks,June28-Aug11, 1yr Span req. Learn about healthcare systems & medical vocab. Email for more info!
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley! And Sierra Nevada pint night!!!
Omg iPad I need you to finish charging nowww.
To lead people, walk beside them <U+FFFD> As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
bye twitter goodnight guys
aw I feel special :)
Cant wait i get at school
Thank you. Migraines are the bane of my existence!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3333333
Tough one. ATV for itunes, Roku for Amazon/Hulu. Both have netflix. They balance each other well. My 2g atv no netflix.
Someday ill be livin in a big ol city and all youre ever gonna be is mean :)
#Technical Law #Librarian needed in #Milwaukee, #WI. If you’re interested in this opportunity or know someone who is, please contact me!
Teddy! Yea! So glad you will be down there. Wasn't sure you were going or not. Bloop at 4:30 and Esplanade.
Thanks for following! Check out my MG novel Devin and His Shape-Shifting Sister on Facebook.
registrations are picking up pace everyday. Big media push in these last 4 weeks should make us top 2000
Could someone please help this poor helicopter find its contact lens, it's been circling the neighborhood for half an hour now.
#DearMonday please go away... Follow me
Nope, we were in Beech Grove.
What do you call a deer with no eyes ?
I wanna see more boobies!
RT : in my history of the recording industry class, i label rappers like politicians. Tupac Shakur (W) ; Biggie Smalls (E)
Word is Chicago is the game and toy inventors capital of the world.
in a couple hours (: On Brookhurst & broadway
Drug smuggler who killed Border Patrol Agent gets life in prison for what judge calls "brutal, violent and heinous" crimes.
May future come soon! RT : "Real future of ERMS will be in uniform resource management & webscale management systems"
<like> RT : Lord knows I'm a voodoo child.
Baylor is styling today. They could mess my bracket up, but I am with
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Obama set ... - KHQ Right Now
4,000 attendees, hundreds of first-timers, 63 countries. #aam2012 is hopping!
right!!! Lol. Omg. That was such a scam. I haven't been this broke for a long time. Next month will be my savior.
no but I heard it was good. Lol
omg shut up! Harry potter isn't that great! Stop hating on twilight! Ur prob some loser with no life behind a computer screen
n how long does it take it take to ship? Or for me to ger them? If i buy them
Autocorrect of the day: "Old-school" to "Olfaction." #Saywhat?
Sometimes ill search my head to find my dads voice nd I come up empty handed. It makes me wnna cry.Its really hard. I wish he was still here
We are a disruptive food production and distribution model. We fundamentally change the way food is grown and sold.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today, && i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short! D:<
to be fair, you actually haven't *lived* in SF for 6 months, your stuff has just resided there that long :p
Shy one from 2gether MCing wine event outside Nashville
miss chatting with you. Hope all is well. Take care. :)
Happy birthday Janet always and forever I Love U!!!!
when a white person goes in on a black TT its racist, but black ppl going in on white TT is funny...hypocrites
When you are going through a hard time and wonder where God is, remember, the teacher is always quiet during the test
There is nothing comparable to the innocent pure joy you can see in kid's faces at birthday parties. So precious! Thx Chuck E Cheese!
Just spread 200 lbs of lime, 80 lbs anti-moss agent, enough grass seed to cover 5k sq. ft.
Highly rec paper, pg 225. With web relaunch, we got good fdbk about moving hours to homepage. Duh.
tell people to follow me...
I don't know why I even bought a 55 inch tv if I never use it. Money well spent-__-
Waiting on to pick me up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
STAY CLASSY
"Let's call it 'Race to the Top of Grading Teachers & Not Actually Developing Them.'" - Guy who was fired from DOE
Who's going to play Draw Something w/ me today? Help me be unproductive while I wait for my flight out. DM me for username.
Pretty bustling Chinatown they have here is DC. Reminds me of a mini #NY Times Square.
OH that's a tough one. RT : And if you're training customers? Get smarter ones?
heh, nice. Hm, is there any gadget you don't already have? How about using it for HTC Evo LTE?
straw polls? exit polls? what sorts of polls are these people dancing on/with?
Actually i hate panties they leave marks on my butt, they never stay in place and if its a thong they are so uncomfortable
RT : AQ's Adam Gadahn worried that the online jihadi forums were "full of fanatics."
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. - Bill Watterson
here sit ... Catch me at mid court
Sick hat trick!!! First American ever to do in EPL, congratulations!
Forget every one who didn't text me back or wasn't down to chill.....
Yep. Had that this week too.
just love everyone and pray for them but u don't have to like them
Today is 4/20 the last day of my College Human & Growth Development class. Yaaaaay!!!!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Bout 2 send u the link 2 my mixtape, got more tracks I wanna get remixed, 1 step at a time though... Let me know what u think
thanks for the RT!
Start of a new semester starts today! Gonna kill it in every way possible. #Let'sgetitstartedinhere
APRIL 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and
Yesterday was national peanut butter day? How fitting that I went to and had pnut butter on my black bean burger! So delish.
False. The Indians are hitting like .150 with the bases loaded this year.
how 'bout a #RedSox Nation email club, which you reply to as many fans as possible a few times a week, good hobby!
I have another recording in the works...
when your team fumbles you take a shot. When your team intercepts you give out shots of choice.
Yep. It's freaky.
kool. Got a football game to cover sat night. Sunday nada just try to chill and get some sleeps.
these days you can see it "masterfully restored" on DVD fresh from the Disney Vault lol
no prob bro ;) Hey, my cousin thinks that u're hot lol she's
Strangely enough had to solve that exact problem three days ago. Subclass Parser and provide a custom .entity dict.
Olivia is picking a fight with the President? Ooh whee, now!
love the Receivers interview you guys did. The Superman reference. Great Job. GO PACK GO...!!!
n u didn't even drunk text me lady! Boo to u lol
can you call my kid? I tell him this stuff all the time but he won't listen to mom. lol :)
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X29
I bet it's really weird when people walk up 2 u & know ur name,story, & everything about u. Story of #OneDirection's life.0_o
not an apartment. Just a house I'm thinkin about buying
I'm still here.:-)
ha yeah I know boozle is in asbury. I was talking about the after hour festivities.
RT : Bill Clinton? Pasta, meat sauce, red wine and a cigar after....who's in?? | He'd take all my women!
SAVE THE DATE! Mon 4/30 - at - 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & the all new "care-give share" table !
She's also writing similar stuff.... Just a wink to her...
hey! Thanks for following me back :)
RT : Doesnt surprise me, but people are surprised that tech users also like traditional stuff,including printed books
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !! BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!! CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC.. WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !!
I just showed mom what facebook is... Sweet ;)
like 99.5% of ur 22,000 tweets are the same,but tagging different people. Dude, that is some major
your fans also want home games. My only complaint with Izzo for example is he plays the good teams at neutral or on the road
Thanks for the follow! I believe we know many of the same people, including one Mr. Ian Deming.
Lacing up the boots for the first time in a while. Someone get the oxygen ready
This weekend's movie pick -- "The Trip" with Steve Coogan -- has led me to plan a Labor Day Weekend road trip up to Bayfield.
iPhone just corrected "WWII" for "WWI"
#HouseOfLies. So freaking good
Ah, yes, you!!! I haven't been on Twitter in weeks. (Now I understand the previous conversations you & I had.)
Really don't care what people think. You've never lived my life so maybe you should just shut your face!
Steve Martin...the comedian?? How can he be better at a jazz fest than Norah Jones??
thanks my dude let me know how we can network!
Milan, Baltimore's newest dining destination "where food meets fashion," is now on Twitter!
Ooh, I love me some RDL's (pronounced "Err-Duhls" :-)
Thank u! xo
Hey Jordan, Thanks for the follow! Stay stoked friend!
Willis: little written about the role of text in cinema, though much more work on digital literature (Hayles, ELO)
Me too! Cake.
good call! Great win for my niners!
New York, I Love You x
Art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
please follow me
I'm a free bitch, baby.
This is 's 3rd Nomination and 1st Win for Tweet of the Day
I'm somewhere in between your heart and mines <3 and I miss you to :) come back to me
alot of what??
you are in so much trouble young lady!
Bryson's cussing out a car who is driving terrible right in front of us...
Very much appreciated! : #FF The smart girls!
how U doin ?
Haven't focused this intensely on workflow optimizations since the CD-ROM days...
Wishing everyone a great weekend!
can u follow me back please? :))
RT if you're excited for new #Pinterest profiles coming out this week!
Dear Mr. President I have never been so proud to be an American (at least not for awhile)
do you play guitar or know someone in the san jose area that does? the honey wilders may need you. check out our facebook and email us :).
I work Looks like a login failure with your bank. Email & we'll walk you through fixing it
~Josh BillingsPlenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it .
Fridays and Tuesdays are great for me. What about you?
Hosting Columbia Vs. NYU in a comedy competition tonight. Apparently it takes a community college grad to show them the ropes.
And you think im going to just come running back to you?
perfect! Do you have my phone number?
Earworms that make you get in the line for coffee humming "I'm down for whatever baby, let's get creative..." are just evil.
Thanks Blue Valentine for thoroughly depressing me & showing that a marriage can fail no matter how attractive the couple is
Liking the Chrome Web store.
i know..
YES HONEY THIS IS MORE THAN I CAN IMAGINE LOVING SOMEONE THIS MUCH HURTS ME TO SEE HIM IN THIS PAIN THANKS FOR KIND WORDS HUGS
Miguel Zenon 4'tet last night @ Duc des Lombards was superb. He's releasing a new album next month with tributes to Puerto Rican composers
me-"This coffee sucks! What the hell!" Joe-"This coffee would be better cold and if it was beer..just sayin" #wtf?
hey sometimes it pays to be in the country
The good news is that Animal Collective is coming back.
Keep sending those nightly emails 2 City Council. Restore the library budget & hours! www.facebook.com/savethelibrary.
when you find a song you're obsessed w/and you cant stop listening to it,and pray that you never get sick of it #boyfriend by
And Michael Fassbender is cute too. Don't count him out either.
Upcoming: The Cambrian Event Just ordered tickets and I urge all San Diego foodies to do the same!
Happy #FF to these fantastic followers! , , , , and
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin wit no makeup on, that's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
Remember, sharing is caring ... sharing can change the world
yes but where?! And is the flabongo still there?
This fucking game!!!!
I've never seen so many conflicting polls in all my life re Obama v Romney for Prez .Obama leads, others ridiculously say women favor Romney
Well the weather outside is frightful...
He was running a used car lot in Independence and was laundering the money through it and a couple other businesses.
- I think we need to make Lindsey a twitter... haha just think about it #sonicsecrets haha
Can i get followed back?.. and i luv ur hair... let the haters hate!!! :)
Definitely! DM me the time and place. Super stoked. will be there in spirit.
damn man your bulls out, your lakers bout to get they ass swept tough tough.
just messing with the two of you
sound like a shout out for pussy to me,,
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie
sure! What kind??
:) RT : Google+ is like a great dinner party; no fun if you're not there.
Blazers BRASS better do something
I had asked you what voxer was, and you later responded that you weren't going to reply. So I googled it.
Forgot that school started at 9 and i still dont kno what im still doing up
Romania property values have fallen close to 40% from 2008. There do short sales. Problem is no debt forgiveness! It is what we do 4 u!
You're welcome! :-)
I would too! (which is not so awesome for you :P) There's a possibility though, we'll have like 3 classes in common
I agree with Gizmodo that you should have the Muppets host the Oscars.
Am I dreaming? Descendents, Hot Water Music, 7 Seconds, ALL, Weston and more, just a few days away, can't wait for
We're going to destroy the Patsies!
The words we speak have a direct effect upon our thoughts. Thoughts create words, words are the vehicles of ideals. Had to repost.
this isn't the joefarrar you're looking for! Come on, figure it out!
We will have to meet up for coffee! I do not know anyone in the area! :-)
Hey if you want some support & inspiration check out the 4 Gutsy bloggers committing to self reflection @ stratejoy.com !! :)
- lol you are right, is cooler than you Russ, j/k
S'il continue a plevoir ce soir, on se verra a l'interior du Living Room!
“RT: #Leo remembers the small things.”
what if he's blind? #wontknowthediff? :P
All dressed up for
love you!!!
#Nf just because she's an fan :)
Spelling Buzz tonight Drink To Play, Spell To Win! 1st place: $60 Bar Tab! Signup at 6:00. $6 for a PBR and a shot
Did you know that the Angels look upon us with total compassion.They understand our pains and struggles,and they are there to help us.ASK
No problems! You know I am down for the #HypeTeam!
I miss you more!! <3
those chicks were so cool!
Our spring schedule is filling up quickly so if your considering booking an event with us please call today. (317) 638-7380
Thanks for the follows
I ain't even mad doe \(.___.)/
ROLE CALL!
It would be nice if any of the places I applied at would call me!
I feel so good.
read the book lol
im doing good just taking it easy with my dogs going to have a beer in a lil while
Hitting up Delaware Park!
lol, butt crack.
I am monitoring all my electronic devices to see if I receive emergency (test) alerts.
Avoid social media campaigns as an after thought to media plan, form cross-functionally focus on basics 1st
Thanks Breechan. I appreciate it!
Sound goods lets get to work I need it to be the hottest behind the scenes video smokin
Wednesday Night! Karaoke with Aury Moore! Come sing for her!! Party starts at 9pm!
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE PIZZA IM HUNGRY LEMME TRACK THAT SHIT
all the way turnt up!
RT RT "Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed"
These are signs that can only be understood with the Holy Spirit and God is with Obama.
can't remember when I've seen us play so impressively....not only first half...but entire game!
Shoreline MMA! Sign up at the blog to find out
your sisters are so cute!
Nice same here. I live in Texas. :P
I've had it for a month, it's great RT : Came to SF as a advocate - I am going back to MSP a big advocate
I hate his actions but i still love him as a person
Have you checked out the new look to #wisn.com? Looks great!
Hi Tanya, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Washed & conditioned my hair. Did my nails....now I feel better
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE EROTIC CHALLENGE CALL 310-806-2123 OR GO TO www.theeroticchallenge.com
ahaa you want what ?
. 2012 launched today and you had better believe I will be bragging about it all week ( client, I'm not on the team)
the trailer is so sick!
Oh u still wearing wood frame cartiers....wow ....
Bye New York! The snow blizzard was fun but it's good to be back in 65degrees LA weather!
Just saw a commercial for tilapia at #goldencorral. As delicious as that sounds, it doesn't.
Thanks, Lynn! :)
Lol awkward encounter with my math and history teacher after I skipped school.
Byron introduced himself as "im a crackhead an i have three brothas" hahahaha
I'm going to have to be careful opening my mail.
breathe easy now! Gaborik got his redemption. Great work by the Richards line in OT
Individuals can use a paper filing system, which is simple to set up and low-tech. Set up files according to the area of expense.
shout out to showed yo ass at pv!!!! precaite ya fa showin b.d.s love..u good wit me bro! real talk!!!
Rays-Yankees Preview (The Associated Press)
Thanks for the Shout Out! Thanks for the follow. Hope to start tweeting regularly.
my pleasure. thank you for sharing it with us.
Home from school(:
"Just kidding" is just an excuse to not get in trouble for something that you really wanted to say all along.
your grading brotha be careful with your tournaments! God bless bro!
Hi ! How are you liking Chicago?
Well alrighty then...
Thanks! (They certainly are, anyway!)
“: loved the Doug quote post.” What was Doug's quote?
uh oh , she getting up there lol .RT Tyra graduate tomorrow at 9:30 am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
One time anniversary<3
feel better.
Well, another night of crawling out of an enormous self-created hole. Thanks,
When did cigars become good for you?!!
my first experience with Poutine was at a McDonalds in Canada. It was rather yummy when I was 10 years old.
I've got a birds-eye view of all the secrets you keep.
oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz..... XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya
I wish it was nicer outside so I could at least pretend to get away from everything.
Oh, probably Ethical Slut!
yay i cant sleep.
That Reflections picture turned out really really well...almost too well...Too bad the HDR didn't
Nawlins hornets game packed because brees,jenkins & gang are lowlife shitbags...BAMA smoked LSU clean 1/12 the city is a ungodly mess..
Wish I was at the pacers game..
Who's travelling there mate? Nice course!
Good questions from the #nylsday crowd about OrgPedia incl. how to verify data, how to stave off the mob
yeah u have turn it around because idk I got it upside pix xD
Thank YOU for the feedback on my publishers on Pinterest article. Does your business pin?
They say, Nov - Apr is when the action happens for #investors. So does this mean you only invest then? Thoughts?
I won the ZIBA 2009 model search and fashion show!!!
Very true. I think there's still hope for us though.
Fake eyelashes
Happy Earth Day, fellow Earthlings
in dream I visited London and you were driving me around! I was messing around and pressed an automatic driving button. It was
I think some people may be cheating on #B! The Wanted deserves to win!!
Hey "knit cap indoors" guy. It's over. Nothing needs to be said. We'll pretend it never happened.
I wanna ditch my first class so bad right now to sleep in. But that irresponsible.
thanx yeah it's too good a title to waste
Great weekend Another outstanding Tailgate!! Lot's of ZuZu food. See ya in a couple of weeks. Can't wait 2 weeks come by and eat.
Hi I'm Shannon. Thanks for following me! You're awesome! :) I liked your Facebook page and subscribed to your YouTube. <3 Shan
no I'm naht. I don't have my baby drank 2day. srry /:
So many new dishes at all the time! Just tried a new one by with a bunch of awesome seasonal ingredients.
#OWIF: Well, um. Okay. So, the teams are presently at even strength, 4 on 4. Although Maurice seems too full to dance, now.
blah blah blah talking to some boring person
Chris Brown - with you <U+2764>
Just passed up home made pound cake. Oh the pain.
Jammz its my birthday!!!!!
Guided by
Saturday Night Party!! Come spend the night night with your favorite showgirl! Open 'til 6am!!
Yes, I thought as much. The Phd prepares for more than library admin. I wish I had done it.
I am glad winter skipped right on over us this season and spring sprung earlier. Don't trust the predictions of a ground hog.
I'm fine, just worried about some family. Thank you! Love you sweetie!
Dad slowed behind a truck so I could take photos of the "Nobama" bumper sticker. Got stares from the elderly couple inside.
Rolling Stone's Jon Stewart issue: David Letterman in a UCSB shirt circa 1983. Go Gauchos.
What's poppin twitter
Shhhh.... You'll be in trouble boy. ;)
Student science literally turned to custard
who is who in this photo?
GOP? What's that?
"…To live in the light of the resurrection - that is what Easter means." -Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison, 1944.
Hey! Good morning, Tom.
Happy B-Day Mama, I love you:)
I hate when girls says I only fuck with bad bitches. Wtf? Your gay!
am I invited? ;)
“: RT ": I feel like an outcast... I'm the only one without a tat. #untouched". Word”can I get I love Jon Jon on my ass?
Last night of #SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken! Hyde Park CENTRAL from Convention Ctr, # 7-DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGS-NB to Duval & Park
Don't we all MT Peter Barnes reports that Geithner hopes Cong. will raise debt ceiling this year "without drama, pain & damage"
woohoo! Where? Do you like it?
M, funnel cake. Haven't had one in way too long! Looks like you guys had fun at the run. Congrats to Susan!
I mean wow jus think if it had bin a black dude that shot a white kid in a hoodie, know how much outrage ther wuld b??
Writing new music this week for our full length set to drop in Jan. :)
NUUUU wanna pull an all nighter ? :o
Feeling great after a morning of
Had an amazing dinner at Lake Park last night~
2012 whoever...whatever...whenever...wherever...
Hey, are you gonna be on the Stockton Friends Trivia Bee team? It's a sci-fi theme this year...
Chemistry and math are literally going to be the death of me....
can not believe it's the last week of undergrad classes forever...
The concert at the Grammy Museum last night was sold out!
good morning to you too!
If u took a pic with ur tax money ur a fuckin bum
be yourself because everyone else is already taken
RT : "Win or lose, do it fairly." - Knute Rockne >> Just because you don't have it, doesn't mean another person got it unfairly.
No way! That's awesome!!
yea we gotta get in the weight room and do sum strengthing after rehab. We gotta do it our self team. Loll
Build Day is over but some our troops stayed behind to continue building. Habitat just never stops!
awe!!! THANK YOU :D
I think that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
Aww, thanks. Great to meet you!
european motors
Is nasty. He told me he have more pubic hair on his ___ than I have on my head. -___- Eww!!
..Niggas biting my style like grit mouth tweakers/
Conan O’Brien wins two-year extension to host ‘Conan’ on TBS through April 2014. (AP)
LOL homework, I hardly ever get that shit
Best part of my morning: bus driver pulled over to pick up a student on crutches as he struggled to get up the hill to campus.
just think about the great night were gonna have!!!
I'm never forgiving her.
another year
#JustRead RT Oh ...and D. A. Powell's _Chronic: Poems_ () and Beckian Fritz Goldberg's Reliquary Fever.
...it doesn't make you Jesus.
2012 NFL Draft: Grading Bears&#39; First Round Pick and Analyzing Round 2 Options
Thanks for the fun interview & great review! I owe you a longer email soon!
That is actually not a bad idea.. But then all of the calls would be recorded - how would you like that?
Goddamn right RT : If Sara's Mexican Food changed its name to Saraberto's I might give it a shot
later tweep's
Someone drop off sushi
So good to be with u yesterday. U r radiant!
there's another one!
Can't stop thinking about how good #TheAvengers was.. I would def go see it again!
what's wrong w owls?
can I get a follow or a retweet from the best team in baseball?
oh hush
“: Saying repulsive things so the freshman think you're a complete weirdo and stay away from you #victory”
10% off just about everything on the site. Excludes MAP items, balls, and items already on Sale. Use coupon code SPRING12 at checkout.
So wasn't expecting the ending of Grey's Anatomy. Wow. You couldn't PAY me to fly on a private plane. I'm serious.
So sad to realize how codependent one actually is... Or how I really don't know what to do with myself now. Pathetic right?
Presentation is everything, if you want people to take your music serious, you're going to need a serious mix. Get at me a sap!
I took you down!!
whts up ms.
My beard is getting annoying
Hi - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. Cool website!
that's ppurdy.
You know the Bucks have injuries when Jon Brockman is seeing the floor in the first quarter. Or getting playing time at all.
what i tell you about that nigga word?
& : Trying to recreate your ramp tacos from last year. Refresh my memory, please?
Had an awesome shoot today!! Time for some rest and relaxation
I'm still not getting an ipad....
I just tried popchips for the first time! Sweet Potato = to die for... I can't believe they are guilt free!
Also come and see us at this years RPO Summer Concert Series every wkend in July and also @ Gay Pride July 18th. What a great summer for us.
DID YOU ORDER THE CODE RED?!? You're GD(f) right I did!!
Go ahead & add Pro fighter to the occupations I've been mistaken 4 having. Others include cop & ex-con.
so, guess who is the orientation leader matched to my freshmen tutorial?
Can you follow me back? Please<U+2665>
Yea i here :) anica ^^ blow up mentions :) .. ryan is hot are here ^^ haha
loved this. “: playing at Cinema Village near Union Sq for the next week. It's a mommy-friendly 73 mins!”
A huge "YES!" to vinyl releases. Vinyl + mp3 download is the way to go, IMHO.
this is amazing. amazing. available for sale?
On to the next one
Do we fear stretching beyond the shape of our body? Beyond the shape of our pasts and our limited perception of futures?
RT : FREE LUNCH TODAY AT OUR 2ND AVENUE LOCATION!!! COME ONE COME ALL!!!
cake cake cake cake cake !
glad you like them!!
I really hate being in Penn Station when there are guards armed with machine guns around...makes me feel like there's been a threat.
u already know I mess wit u heavy
Tom Watson - you're terrific.
Best homemade white choc mocha to date!
Supporting your friends come first.
can't wait!! Gonna be so god!!!
Today is #OutLiveYourLife Day! Join us at ChickFIlA in Avon or Greenwood from 11-1 & drop off your donations for Operation Christmas Child.
do you see any big FAs heading to GB?
remember when Cameron Hurley had to sing with jordan for tay because she was sick
A ponderous question from a Christmas dinner: "Should you donate to charity if you're deeply in debt?"
Thanks for the tip, I appreciate it!
Good morning lovelies...... Headed to the job.... Off at 5 :)
So many douchebags contact me everyday, yet the ONE man I really want to hear from is silent. It's so easy to find sex, love is so resistant
At the gym and old people are complaining that teens are excersising by them.. Aren't they the ones that complain about childhood obesity??
“: i followed back (: #tfb” thanks!
I gotta c my sis fa i leave
thanks gorgeous hv a beautiful day.;) xoxo
Turco has a vote for me, mike smith is decent too!
I’m tired of being bicoastal. Unicoastal, yes. Or is it mono coastal?
Taking a long time to import my archive pics into Devonthink. I really think (& hope) it will be worth it!
This. Is. Awesome.
If that's as bad as it gets I'll count myself lucky.
I often don't dine outside of No Park but when I do I prefer Kitchen 4140 on Morena Blvd esp Roasted chicken with preserved lemon accents
I know it sucks but If u wanna talk then I'll be happy to cheer u up
Police Week, honoring the fallen at the memorial in Washington, DC. Thinking of my grandfather who died of injuries sustained in service.
“: Have a great first night ! :)” The party is on & pa~pa popping!!!
What's your blog?
Ran out to the pet store & bought medicine for my Beta Fish-his eye is infected-poor little guy.I really care a lot about all my pets *sigh*
Hi !!! We belong to #slowfoodchicago-committed to the community and reaching out to talk sustainability with our neighbors!
I want a snowball ..
Happy fucking friday
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Are you ready for your class part!? RT : Looking forward to this weekend!
BELIEVER, UNBELIEVER, UNDECIDED... WHICH ONE ARE YOU? CHECK IT OUT MY NEW PLAY ON MYSPACE/PULCHRITUDE2HOT
me and love cuttin up on ...... Cut throat
They should invent water taxis, to take you to meet up with the boat you just missed... Lol
Happy birthday to our dear friend Just about the best person you could ever know. Wish her well today
Is watching other people people watch meta-people watching?
I have decided this humidifier will save my life. Breath on me, fancy machine!
I didn't attend Woodstock 40 years ago but I have gone three days without showering.
RT : same thing over here! ouch! using the help of my trusty HALO gadget.
do you love your outfit?(:
Exactly RT : Not a damn thing RT FxckYouPayMe_: Tell me.... What can you really do with no money? Nothing.
The world is shocked Kobe didn't take that shot, but damn Blake was wide open
Me too. You totally should.
okee... I've only had 2 grumps but not pleasant.
who is that hot guy oh wait it's carlos
"Take it or leave it but the deal is final / when you're dope as Reggie Bush, they wanna steal ya title"
2012 film watching! #61. Cedar Rapids (Arteta, 2011). Re-watched this on blu ray, still holds up well. A solid comedy with plenty of laughs.
Working on my paper, Genderbending in Persian Dance.The more I read the more complicated it gets.#GenderInIran is no joke!
thanks for the mention Big Curt!
i was partially kidding, but i might have to take the plunge and buy it in Jan. pb&j and noodles that week!
sure! Sorry I haven't been on for a while!
Car wont start. Great start to summer
so is my wife. So glad there is 2 tv's.
Im greatful for being a belieber love you (: happy thanksgiving!
Uuuuuhhhhh Tyler! Is he about to tune up in the MADEA VOICE! LOLLLOL!
I wanna get in shape and look amazing but man a hamburger and fries sound yummy!!!!! Lol
:) I can't wait for that moment! He's gonna look so handsome. :)
#4wordsyoudontwanttohear it smells like cheese
S/O to #dopepeople FOLLOW HER
#loex2012 lightning strikes --props with cheat sheets/finding aid for librarians are important when delivering library orientation session
yes, but now #team blackberry will refuse to play you....
You can observe a lot by watching. ~Yogi Bera
There's something about a woman in the gym working out....
Also it was good to see Jenny sitting with !
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Thoughts are with our fellow Texans dealing with wildfires this week.
she has a way of doing that!
really? like at home?
And radiolarian cupcakes! : Margaret Wertheim at #MarineSublime: Nature has this tremendous way of realizing mathematic ideas.
Thanks for keeping me sane when the crazies try to break me!
"Alabama Mothers Day" RT : Guy walking down the street carrying red roses, a greeting card and a 40 oz of Schlitz.
ready for Day 9 of the #Huguely trial. More defense witnesses. Judge says case will run Saturday if no verdict Friday. You good?
oh....well that's different. Can he wash dishes?
SOX: Cody Ross just smacked a sac fly to left field in B3 and the #RedSox lead 3-1 over the #Orioles in series opener from Fenway.
a shit ton. No joke.
are u up to date yet? SOA? Do u know when next season begins?
"US Congressman should have to dress like Nascar drivers and wear the logos of all the banks, insurance, real estate." Ty NY Times
Pittsburgh doing their best #titanic act.
such a great video. sending some bulls love from Milwaukee!
So finally my skool is on the closed list...so now all these fuckin ppl postin on fb can shut the fuck up already!!!
What is a noun, a verb, and is going to be at our conference?
Why So Sirius Black
It's sad that people like make money from people and put the money into the pocket.
Also try listening to 90's love songs while crying yourself to sleep. The pain will fade.
The truth is that if you have any of those beliefs, there's probably been a good reason that you developed them
Hey, , if I have a 100% empty/dry water bottle (a Bobble - purchased plastic refillable) can I keep it in my carry on?
Canfield showing he is no Masoli on his feet. Duck defense is fired up (and so is the crowd)!
I didn't get much of the spicy this year. I definitely got the roasty earthiness though.
Ah, I have chx 1-2 out of 7 meals & I'm really fished too!! Hahaha
Congrats! Your book looks super!
Everybody please follow my personal account 2
hey Good news my song Doctor was selected by John Kuhns dj radio personality base in Austin tx I'll send link tweet u when
thanks. I can't be a traitor if I've had one for 3 years. Thanks again. And lastly: garbage.
Getting ran over by an ambulance would be so convenient.
Hope your weekend is off to a grand start! Thanks for thinking of us!
Got rackspace today and all I can think of is "rack city chic"
RT : Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax. If you relax, it comes. Osho
Look forward to seeing you there!
I woke up sweaty from killing so many zombies in my dream
are you sure I know mine Votic4kScLaN isnt
If you're not excited, how can you get others excited? People will know. It's like how kids and dogs can sense when people don't like them.
awww merde, would have loved to bump into you again...perhaps next year! I'll be tweeting/posting/instagraming a ton!
you know, with my man Morse out, theres room in my heart for a new fav... & when fandom means animal hats, you know Im in ;)
Just saw yet another #HR blog that bases it's entire content on stupid crap! #humanresource professionals..please give some meat in blogs!
haha you are welcome!(: you seem like a good guy!
This weekend seems perfect for English zombies. Come down to for free 'corn and friendly cannibalism.
I can't not do anything tonight
Yes, as long as you do so by hand, right?
Breann said my ass looks huge today, and Alexa slapped it. Uhm ok...hahaha
I suspect the dead were public transit riders still it is no reason to deface the seats like that.
Its National Roast of Pork Day! Wisma’s slow-cooked Organic Becker Lane BBQ Pork is the perfect way to celebrate!
I admit I'm a bit utopian, but frankly there's enough demonizing and ostracizing going on in this world w/o me contributing to it.
lol, plans got rerouted. Will resume next Monday. :) maybe pasketti!
He shut they asx up real quick lmao
Hi There! We are looking for a Co-Host in Jax. Would you be interested?
We wish everyone an awesome Friday!
Please see the value of the home beyond the price. When u buy extremely low, the next buyer goes lower & u lose value.
worse, because he did it after it was added to the rules
Yeah I'd probably forget everything I wanted to say. Just thinking about it I get all tongue tied!
no! It's better than that! Grilled asparagus, goat cheese, tomato and dressing on amazing French bread!!
TerrI ... conditions of unspeakable humiliation
I'm giving less and less fucks the closer my ancient greece exam gets
LOVES them... Nuff said???
I like that your dogs name is Russell.
haha! Good luck! You'll find it!
Our funding roundtable has begun! Come join us in the Leavey Club Room!
Aw. It's only so good b/c it's so reciprocal and balancing. :)
I'm already loving the app! Just completed my first mission. Just launched in #Boise today. Use code ssboise to sign up!
MP art soon to be gracing the walls of a hotel in Pittsburgh!
David always bein a lil bi.
On certain busy days, hearing the right song can give ya a lift. Today it was RISE by P.I.L for me. How about YOU?
Happy Birthday !!!
i legit have to hurry up and type em on notepad in my phone before i forget
hope u aint mad at me nomore but if u are i wana tlk so we can fix it
If I had been at the game tonight would have won. Hmph. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
so are there going to be any Durbin moments on Wrestlemania?
Complicated situations are the makings of all that's wrong.
It was an ugly win but see ya jets
I forgot what that stands for. Remind me and the rest of twitter?
so excted to night is the night to just let go and not care about anything. so excited for Semi!
forget free entry, i'm in there before 11 for the early drink specials!
Now that I'm free from school, time to think about the more important things in life like watching THE AVENGERS multiple times.
Saw a new Beetle painted in that color-changing paint today. If it gets a parking ticket, what does the cop write for color? Rainbow?
HUGE thunder blast, wtf.
Good! Cuz if I gotta come 1526 miles somebody is gettin hurt! I'll take on a roided up hulk. I'm a bit nutty too.
: Where did the house blow up?
Guess who you have to thank for that.
Making Japanese cucumber salad n crunchy sushi roll Recipe to follow
"Perspective is worth 80 IQ points." ~ Alan Kay
Wanna watch all my Harry Potter dvds whilst studying but I'll probably end up just ditching the studying
I'm gonna scream.
ooh it's really pretty :) I like it!
Turbo Fruits show tonight with at !!!!!!!!!
RIP Helen Keller
I have several ideas. I'm trying to narrow my focus.
wishing I was sleeping on the temp tonight! #luckykid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Vino & Cranium... what a great combo.
So true for you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : Hey, you! Keep your head up, you're so much better than you believe, I promise.
Thinking about you - Frank Ocean <U+2665><U+2665>
Now that I finally won a couple games against , I'm retiring from ping pong, going out on top!
Just got "God bumps" reading your last tweet. What a witness, how great is our God?!
no problem! <3
How's it goinf? Sorry I never followed up with you a while back. Hope all's well.
i was like that at first and in the past like recently when i get on i tweet about everything and its addicting to reply(:
dinner was inspired by you & ;) #gyros ftw.
guess who cant sleep....me
At least I don't have to grade anything! ;)
I just want it all!!!...in the meantime ill settle for my 3day wknd! Come oooonnn 330 ;)
i didnt see the part with the water, did i just miss or.....
Estate Sale Companies in Denver, CO. Get It Gone Estate Sales. Call us first! 720-300-9376
Though one good thing, I am trying to utilize my G+ account a bit... instead of spending it burning through hobby things. ^_^
When making lifestyle changes focus on 1 goal at a time. And when a goal is reached dont forget to reward yourself for your accomplishments!
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
I got the samples but haven't had time to try them. It's been record days of 100+ here. Fortunately the kids are mostly inside.
Heaven is a kiss and a smile:)
THXS 4 FOLLOWING. I'll be following u back.Good luck in the music industry I'll be listening.Knock em dead. Take care
That's the number of people I'm following! :) I'm glad you think I'm so popular. Today is my Twitter DOB.
and lastly, WRITING FOR THE FULL LENGTH HAS BEGUN! Our new song kicks ass, no multiple asses, NO... all the asses
“: Milwaukee showcase on Monday at #SXSW --> - we'll be the ones in Packer gear” glad to have you! :)
jazz piano kind of afternon. Lafayette Gilchrist + Robert Gasper vs my work load
It's crazy how you have the ability to constantly make me feel stupid
And he is part of my
I can't believe that a week from now I will be getting flown back out to LA to be in a movie in 3D
The 3 general features of crime are actus reus (violation of law), mens rea (mental state), and concurrence of the two.
Not Smirnoff though. Either Roberto Cavalli or ZYR Vodka. Svedka or GT Vodka is great on the low end of things...
Sure whatever don't care about spelling
Cheesecake. All on my mind.
I really want to win the FreshDirect and Benefit House Parties!
This looks delightful. Thanks for the great idea!
It's cool when your teachers become your customers later in life.
I knew there was a reason Lundqvist was good.
Okay, I can leave work now.
This lady is addicted to drinking her urine
found snake and mouse in return duct yesterday. Both dead.
Great move by #Mayweather bringing #bieber along. Cross-market diversification anyone?
why is it that u will never follow me maybe one day when like the sky is falling or something u will follow me!(;
To all my followers please delete this account and follow me on this account. alik_rainey
Your past should not dictate ur future..stop looking in the rear view mirror while trying to move forward
? why not?
Give me a long shot to bet on, Mark ...
you about to sing the song on the tape he made her?
(P.S. - choked up less in sympathy for 's experience than in anticipation of my own!)
“: Kobe or Lebron ?” lebron my man
I'm tweeting right from a macbook air! hahaha
funny how a member of the losing team is talking jive. Chris and I are
what's your number? (; you should DM me?!
when i dont answer your text, dont keep texting me, theres obviously a reason
This marks. 12 years since my crash.
True. But as a UConn fan I do feel bad supporting Syracuse in the tournament.
Hans...booby...I'm your white knight!
I have seriously been asked out three times this week! Wtf???
In broadcast news, they generally don't like reporter having accents so they can appeal to a broad audience.
sorry, love. You ok?
Many retailers will show pictures of their costumes with accessories that aren't included with the costume itself
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the Super Weekend. Also, thank you for the favorable reviews on Yelp.
your dumb :-o
Taking Bong Rips :D
Maybe it's a #slump, Jairo. But, you know they can make it sound like he's #LouGehrig if they want.
I tweeted to big jagg(:
If i was your boy i would never let you go!
snowboard goggles Masks or goggles for airsoft snipers? ;O
RT Dick Clark has died. Now we can not ring in the New Year anymore. Well played, Mayans, well played...
You're a goofball. ;p
don't need to, bought vinyl & digital download. Atlanta bound April 7. Hell yeah!
just finished my last assignment, unofficially I'm done!!!
wow, #grammys honor lifetime acheivements w/140 characters or less each
#namethegame "the alumni vacation for 6 win schools"
Haha Your very welcome (;
These allergies are kicking my ass! >.<
We're at Paychecks Lounge ready to rock #IPODetroit!
Thanks for the s/o Jalylah!
Haha nice. Thanks for eaves dropping!
Right back at ya! RT : Thanks for the follow !
I don't want to "read" all that. Lol.
I actually don't get why Broncos would dump former 1st rounder who led playoff run rather than have him back up QB with 4 neck surgeries.
be quiet lol
#That1FriendThat no matter you contact frequently or not, you are forever best friends.
I guess. If you call that living.
damn happy b day! I was at my friends and used that aussie shampoo yesterday,U make that??Enjoy east coast, it's cold here
I haven't seen the movie, but I do like Julianne Moore. Buried in my Netflix queue, no doubt ;-)
Just finished reading "The Ayatollah Begs to Differ". Awaiting my Kindle Touch to arrive in the mail today.
being human is beingg too complicated! time to becomee a U N I C O R N ! xD
And by "send" I mean tweet at us or :)
How many times does trying to stimulate the economy by lowering taxes on the wealthy have to FAIL before the dumb GOP admit it doesn't work?
I can't f*CKING wait for yall to hear this shit me and cooking up ...this dude is AMAZING !!!
#fridayreads "The Cat's Table" by Michael Ondaatje.
Life is a circle. History repeats itself
I want subway nowww.
Many agencies are looking to stand up a #VMO. The #IRS has a very successful VMO office w/lots of best practices.
can't handle the heat?
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
Yes where are they???
Can i just sleep? :3
just listening...to cicadas and pond frogs. a nice chance of pace. and now i'm off for disc 4 of Madmen and that last beer in the fridge
Love bro good Looking Whn If I get off Im gone bring you laptop
UGH cannot believe I lost another laundry key......
I thought I would leave that up to you. With any luck I'll be needing a ticket
my neighbors are getting their septic tank emptied eww
It ain't how I leave while I'm here, it's how i live when I leave
#wiunion, I sure miss you Not being in Madison 2morrow is going to be very sad. Not being able to vote in WI b/c of this cancer - worse.
hm. Hadnt read that. Damn.
Lol I'm shopping for condo's super tired. Success is measured but how great your knowledge is, time to finish school and lay the foundation.
we are allone
Finally learning how to tweet from ! ~Jen
Thanks -- i look forward to seeing It.
Because your BF has to come in a call me dumbass at least with caps I know you'd say it without swearing
no I juss asked
On the rare occasion that I come across a gentleman, I have always turned into an awkwardly resistant ass.
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Launched new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
Say it to my face
Why reinvent the wheel, right? Chances are it will be totally new to your own local audience!
It definitely merited a triple barf. Stupid Twitter and its character restrictions... !
RT “: Looking forward to from at this afternoon, speaking abt college affordability.”
Happy Monday! What's on your agenda for the week?
I need to start washing my face before bed more often and going to sleep earlier.
if you says so... Whatever floats your boat my friend :)
Wait, this commercial said 'for longer and harder erections'?! Wow on daytime TV too?
Movie over. TOTAL SUCCESS!!! Never give up ;)
About to go find a turkey egg and make an omelet
That was so
I LAICH BROOKS!
After meeting so many of them for the first time at #dakotacon yesterday, I gotta say my tweeps are a freaking amazing group of people.
Thanks, Skip.
Back at ya ! International #StarWars Day. #MayTheFourthBeWithYou &
Yesterday, I was on hand with Mayor Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo for the bill signing of much needed pension reform in New York State.
Is hype that is on the game tonight love u Gabrielle
Cold night peeps... Closing around 11.30 hurry grab the last Puccias
wish i had one more week of vacation
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life in the #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
be less blurry
May 4th can't come soon enough. I'm ready for the Avengers!!!
Lunch. Question mark.
Cats CAts CATS!!!!
So glad super rugby is back !
Wondering where all the "severe" stuff is? Tons of rain, but no wind or hail in Cottage Grove.
okay :) what do u want?
Spent most of the night hiding under the covers due to the horrendous thunder and lightning. And yes i'm a pansy.
absolutely love .... Do you use it?
Had a good time out of the office (and the building...!!!) this week. Now for the journey home, and all the work waiting on my desk :-)
Congrats on the new season!
It's true. I get up with #Kman everyday “ he lets her sleep in every day! ”
in about 3 hours...a needle will be in my belly button. (:
RT : #Fact - Massages lead to sex
lmfaooo I've got some shirts that need pressed while you're at it...
When is laying on my chest>>>>>
RT : This just in: WILL throw the first pitch in Game 3. #postseason Cc:
Lowcountry=where they make Frogmore stew. Midlands=mustard BBQ. Upstate=white lightning.
okaay but dont erase anything ! On u camera nothing
Good Morning! Make it a great day...
hey there !
Curt, HUGE fan. Just found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS (MGH) - If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
yeah! Haha. And the one that said "Just don't answer me then." what was that about lol
Seriously, very cool close ups and synopses of artwork. The detailing on the mummy wrappings is great.
Pavement and No Age touring together may turn out to be the stuff of indie legend. Can't wait for the Columbus show
RT : I could never have an office affair, I always have coffee breath here. << Double it!
Dude, who robs Walmart?
my last RT is so true, Haha.
not for the twitter world to know
Who Up besides me....
#iUseToThink I was the best rapper ever until I started producing music, now every rapper sounds like the 21 yr old me...to me.
You are a glutton for punishment! You still doing weekly marathons?
'Making Love & Money?' Sounds a bit like hanging a red light outside your window :-)
I'm a nutritionist
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
this is true but u have a bigger hill to climb if I stop playing in bed, nonetheless
you nigga you kno its true
RT : RT : Lord, bless our week. May we live the life we have imagined
hope you get better
Find me on Facebook peeps
Word! // RT : The morning is brightest when a thesis draft is finished.
I heard that they're trying to splice the llama eyelash gene into a human's, but they're running into a "spitting" side effect.
Loved Denali National Park--wild, remote, untamed, unchanged. just one road in, so access is limited. our backpack trip was stellar!
The things love makes you do...
sersleh! if i bring a sandwich it is over by 1030 am. foods needing to be heated may survive till 11:15
whoof what a day
hope you are well Andrew!! Cheers blake
RT : Advertisers are abandoning Rush Limbaugh. Where will Summer's Eve find a spokesperson now?
Awesome, thanks again!
Yay! Virtual hugs to you on a successful day.
- what's that smell?…
Given current practice, #vandy can't use online learning tools to capture #RCR lectures and use 1/2 day for the discussions. We use full day
I only ask one time
Does anyone want me to follow back ? i need to be following more #mahomies <3
Attend Hope For Firefighters this year and support Widows Orphans & Disabled Firemen's Fund!
Most obstacles melt away when we make up our minds to walk boldly through them. --Orison Sweet Marden
And now we follow you back. Thanks for the high praise.
Jazz evolved in the late 1800s when rustic field hollers began to incorporate synth bass, DX-7s, and QuadraVerb.
Put on MLB.TV on iPad since trumbo was coming up with 2-men on and howie Kendrick hits a 3-run bomb right in front of him... What a jerk
Working the Compassion booth at the Matt Maher concert at the Grove in Anaheim
utterly disgusted by the racist tweets ignorant bruins fans tweeted. their ignorance is appalling and embarrassing to boston & its peeps.
humans as property, women as humans
Cynthia Calvillo defeats Stefanie Harrison to win the rematch and the Rocktagon MMA 135 Title!
who know #codegeass? tweet me if you know #code geass
New product going up on ebay in a few hours! 'Going Green, Volume 1' - 4 graphical glyph fonts in PNG and PSD formats! Auction starts soon!
lol go to Disneyland on June 18 cuz I'm performing there.
Good morning! Coffee.Tweets.Friends.Business. Then to Zichron Yakov to skate and help a buddy. Joinning our team is a smart move right now.
Enjoy the words of wisdom from Regina Brett www.kgpt.com/our-blog.html
I'm not a #realtor but I farmed my 1st community today = 3 refinances fully approved for HARP 2. Unreal - no wonder why top agents do this
Kids - join in the fun of games, crafts, food & more @ the American Girl Doll Festival here @ the library, Sun., Oct. 9, 6-7:30pm!
Looking forward to Columbia Heights Day this Saturday!
Derek Sherrod!!! That's a big ass man!! Lions who??
I love summer ras!
Off to run errands, pay insurance, will be back soon.
Printed out my #CES agenda.
Four Exercises to Get Your Body in Shape for Kayaking This Summer
wow. What a commitment to pictures.
On the road to an event in roanoke, wv ooooooowwww
we are doing a global sale on burgers in all of our stores for $1 each on friday...you should stop by and try them!
Would pic swap with me?
course ya did. im 2 irresistable
and so the marathon called Comps study begins...
Go-live days are always exciting. Today will be great!
#GOLDRUSH Is on and the Dakota Boys are going to take it all
nope ur lying so no talking to me
Bored at school (:
Carrie Underwood, Reba Mcentire, the Flaming Lips..Who's next? HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT -Presented by Stinson Entertainment & Spy Radio.
yeah, not worth it.. im so excited my monster jam though!
Its your birthday today?Mine also:]
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
good morning everyone gotta get a clock without a snooze button
u cooking?
who would watch if i strealmed
Good night. Thanks for the RT
Congrats! Way to represent Chicago!
Children and speak the truth.
You don't have us all pegged correctly. Assumptions abt groups of people r called stereotypes. Not helpful in fostering compassion.
I like how your Hanoi friend sums it up :-)
the fact that you replied gave me so much hope it's not even funny.
coming soon - Greed
help us get more followers! tryin' to build the hype before we drop the demo :]
Let's talk about SEX baby with - call in at 818-691-3243 ... listen in at www.radiokolamerica.com
Holy cow... tsunami is so sad. Thinking of Japan!
To Kill A Mockingbird.. Ohh how I dread reading you. Fuck you Mrs. Mcdugle!
Adele, is a Grammy Award winning English recording artist and songwriter she stole the Grammys this year is yours welcome back
Merry Christmas everyone! Hope its a good one. Especially to all you on the naughty list ;)
3 margaritas and sliders from 308 = a good Cinco De Mayo. No need to overdo it, tomorrow's El Seis de Mayo!
I just watched a dog pull a blanket around a yard at full speed..
TITA: If my last name was: "JAH" I'd name my son: GANGE #POW :D
My parents are like, if your clothes are too big just wear them! Lol bitch no I dont like baggy clothes.
Heard 's "Thing About Us" playing in Hallmark and got supa excited. and made it quite obvious that I was a fan
Last night was too much fun ;D
I have learned so much from !
NYC Happy Birthday USA #235Celebration on Intrepid's flightdeck last night!Fire boats&helicopter flyover&hot shot jets!Abundant WOW moments!
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Why thank you. Do I count ? Psh, of coarse I do. Lmfao.
Lately I've been tellin girls "Prometheus has landed" when i come.
man I missed the video -.-
searching for a PeopleSoft Administrator for a project in Milwaukee, WI. Please call me at 414.203.2451 or email to .
iTunesU, now for K-12 too!
I know it's annoying
After receiving a new lead Thursday, police return to Rockport where 2-year-old Caleigh Harrison went missing but found nothing
this is true :) life's always better with a little petty ;)
wow on twitter?
dont play, I'm serious about this stuff!
I get trigger happy!!!!
Hey guys ... Great day auditioning hype guys and back up dancers today also ...audition privately for xfactor so wish me Luck.
Big changes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Media/tech/social/Internet folks: What #IWNY events are you planning to go to?
I've been away from home 10 day. My 2yo in her play kitchen said she was making mongo beef from pae wai for when daddy get's home. Awww.
please RT: looking for awesome curators in following cities/states for : LA, Boulder, Vancouver, Austin, Miami, Tokyo, Moscow
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, we're through.
See. You CAN do English updates! "Hey...welcome to Amerrricaaaaa".
Eating Chick-Fil-A in Indy, about to watch and , life is good.
Are you missing Mudspot as much as I am?
Congrads lakers and bulls!!.. great wins!!
Thanks for the mention!!
If you get more attention from other girls your not getting any from me and we talking aha nigga please
new profile makeover :) tell us what you think!
I think that #icloud is acting up. Having problems connecting to the mail server.
Why do some girls brag about what their men got them? I used to brag about what I bought my damn self.
that's what we do. Online videos and political coups
Thanks for a great breakfast honey!
ya......just.....marty mcsorely stick incident worrys me
Excited to work with Sisters Vintage Party & Ann Marie Itschner Photography on a fun concept shoot in the Hill Country next week!
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight <3....just a touch of the fire burnin so bright.. <3..
Final film geek thought vomit: Jody Hill is a game-changing auteur, Harmony Korine is a hack and I want to see more from Robert E Gunnerson.
Wen I walk in the Street alone I like to put freaky faces to creep people out lolololololololol
“: #Drake needs to make a new album!” That new shit that you got is overdue
Yes I just parked horizontal across Meridian (twice...both ways) to save baby ducks trying to cross
Love it, but I love all your quotes :) RT #AriaaQuotes Excessive emoting negates miracles
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart. Gene Tunney
trying to figure out how to play best thing I never had on piano .. let's see how this turns out.
HA, no. RT : If the close out the , should get a pass?
Ugh I can't play with my game boy sp cause it needs a special battery
yeah and no its not lol but my friends that is a girl is coming
heeheehee, I just called Lily to tell her... I told her its all enter the ninja... and then she said, " yes, we can do that later." I <3 her
No, but he might as well :)
Time to leave the Dupont, WA Starbucks and find a place to sleep tonight.
Loving on the ACM's tonight!
Frank McCourt just made more money by screwing up the team and forcing a panic auction then he could've through a normal sale!
Celebrate International Bacon Day with #Bacon Rub Chicken Kabobs....
Had an awesome time getting linsane with had some reprelinsible views on higher ed though.
<== Happy New Year to "the" singer, and to all you friends & Twitter followers.
Crazy selenators,whose who tweeted her hate tweets..
I miss u
You can't tell me that LaRussa wouldn't come back to defend the title if he had a gaurantee that the Cards would re-sign Pujols.
Woodland Park, CO
Too busy with #pcbw but saw Sandy last night here. Where are your events, I can pimp. I am the #mediaho, remember?
Patriots v Colts today. I am hoping for good light. I am pretty sure the game is going to be a snoozer.
should reduce Peyton's suspension to entire regular season. This makes the appeals process seem fair but still sends a message.
That sweet 16 was fun(:
The UK "boycotting" oil from #Iran now is #Ridiculist in light of the fact they stole it in '53 when they illegally ousted
Who needs a quote for a delivery today. Just give me an opportunity! You can tell me NO! #ButIKnowYourSayingYES!
Wasn't expecting double OT from the scarlet knights.
It's a digital camera?... If that's what your asking?... We are inside and just tried out side...some thing
I really miss all those white guys from yesterday's track meet :'( i have never seen so many hot white guys in one place before
- you know we will but don't rush the end of summer yet! In due time, in due time...
You really should be here!!
Goodson in for Stack, Bala in for Waechter, and Klotz in for Piniero. Good to see Kayla Bala getting minutes again. Come on Bulls!
who there?
Linda just completed the most amazing deep purple necklace and bracelet set -- you must see this. Tomorrow 11-5 PM before its gone!
Looking at this lady with a heavy backpack walk up the stairs. Cant help but be proud of her and cheer her on as I take the escalator.
Happy Bday to A late happy birthday!
Love your new album! Can't find it anywhere in stores, so I'm listening to it online? Any idea where I could find a copy?
J. Howard Marshall II is my Elvis.
If I never moved back to NY I wouldnt be mad.
Cant make it to the #MilwaukeeWave game tomorrow.. But why cant I find anyone to use these tickets? For free.. Show your support Milwaukee!
Thanks so much for the recommendation! :-)
Thank u Jesus for allowing me to find my birth- fam after 38 years & nothing but love!!! I can't wait to meet them! God is so awesome~
Wade should be suspended for one game.
NHL goes from boring/non interesting to intense and can't miss during the Stanley cup playoffs
Visible Intelligence says: Chipotle line at lunch and Taylor Swift speech at vmas.
Like peas and carrots for all of us in our twenties.
just couldn't sleep. Like to avoid late nights. Not you at all.
Big s/o to Windows for having automatic shutdowns for updates. I didn't like those final three pages anyways.
LMFAOOO. True. Same for Hobgood. But if they connect.....
Hanging in line at NBC Studios for The Tonight Show!
happy birthday(:
thank you Gaby love ya <3
That Tupac hologram is insane, would love to see Biggie on that shit, but there's also something scary about it too.
Ha Ha Ha Love the dog!
Why do I insist on drinking so much water right before bed every freaking night? I'm hopelessly slow to learn.
But it beats the hell out of dealing with Cleveland-Hopkins.
There's one in harlem that is decent RT ": The Ethiopian restaurants in Brooklyn are effing horrible. Overpriced, small servings."
. can't wait to see you tmrw. says we're very lucky.
Nice loping hike at Lost Dog Trail today in Scottsdale.
Funding for treatment for mental health issues. It is no different than any other disease. Give them a voice.
dinner is served.
never deny your roots
convince the NBA to go back on strike.
Please read the previous tweet regarding the film, it's Pittsburgh screening and fundraising efforts for Autism Speaks!! Thx.....
My sister gone be here at 10 :D
headed to for #happyhour with !
You fool, you meant to text this to Beau.
Never felt so depressed and confused.
I think I might have it down to 1-2hours:) depends how I do my hair!
Star Spotting: Nick Jonas Holding Hands With Delta Goodrem. BRB, Crying Myself To Sleep
Watching 10-year-old episode of "Cribs". Ice-T's house is full of giant CRT televisions and computer monitors. He looks like a pauper.
#WOTD: what seats? RT : "these seats are whiter than a wilco concert"
Any 3D artists out there? We've got a ton of great 2D artists applying, but no sculpture, no metal work, no installation! Submit!!
Chicago's New Headshot is now using , it's a great way to organize all of your social media!
I grabbed the $10 getting started PDF from , and it doesn't look too bad. I'll definitely post about my experiences.
Good Night :)
you have no idea!!!
Still riding $CENX. Hoping it will fill the gap at $575-735. May be a bit greedy there though!
ill try to serve more than i drink. frank and the whale are my new true loves.
BLRM C - don't miss this RT “: up next talking about developping a 3D digital heritage ecosystem #saa77”
I'll be at SPAC & A/C. Maybe we can meet up & Par-tay ;) ;) nod nod. Leaving the kids home & touring with wife.
A blessing to hear Angelique! <3 Glad you enjoyed it!
Trained Spotter in Big Flats (Adams Co) reports 2.70 inches of rain between 9 pm and 9 am.
Holy awesome! Today went so well! Drums down. Working on guitar this week. Can't wait to share...
Outcry mounts over Florida shooting
Wow!.. #CelebApprentice is off to fast start.
It's been the same, and the story is getting old
Come out to Walnut Creek next time you visit. Plenty of good beer to be bought there, too!
Yep, even if that nerd is yourself RT "Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one." -Bill Gates
Sabine Books warmly wishes you and yours a Merry Christmas!
"Bros before hoes." "Yeah. But she's not a hoe and if you consider her one then you're definitely not a bro."
#DuringTheSummer I don't have to worry about anything.
Booking for the summer! If you guys know of any venues or places that we could play, let us know.
you would think I'd know better by now
We are rocking out now.
with j fees right?
Only willing to make him my dashboard Jesus until I see the sequel. Then maybe we go to the next stage.
perfect day courtesy ; teacher professional development meets media, meets story, meets heart
WEST WOOD OR NUN..AND YOU CAN RUN & TELL THAT!!
I see neopolitan ice cream. I will take a scoop thanks.
"I Have a Degree in Liberal Arts -- Do You Want Fries With That?"
And they score again!!! Yay Preds!
Knicks have actually played better team ball when amare hasn't played this season
Karoke Tonight starting at 9:00. Come by and play our new instant win game. 1 in 3 will win some great prizes.
U don't wanna know": ???? wat kinda sick."
WTH cant build iOS apps using Unity3d running on windows.
We also welcome photographer Lois Greenfield this week ... she'll be lecturing at 1:30 p.m. in The Hall of Languages this Friday.
Quiet you
Is the color on my TV bad or is Louisville wearing orange?
What you do today will leave its mark on history.. Which story will you be.. The one to follow, or the one to avoid! People are watching!
like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/tiaswaterfront
RIght? :) I need to find/meet , too! I sense a game of twitter marco polo..
haha I'm trying to one up Ben 29
I am really excited for the new #business #model we are going to roll out I think some #writers out there will love it
i'll lose to kobe any day of the week. i will never lose to that bitch boy in south beach
Done! Time to sleep then rage
haha but obviously you were not any of the people being a fag about it!!!!
Holy shit. Lady Antebellum's "Wanted You More"... Could not describe the last seven months any better.
to which the ref desk said, 'wah-wah-wah-wah-wah ... you're a jerk' [i know]
#FF To all my new followers with DYNPR!! So much to come, thank you again!
I review New England beers and ales on You Tube and I have become a part of the Twitter family. Yay!
just because there is FIVE that doesn't mean anything .
Oh the life of a bouncer. Apparently I'm an asshole for catching someone trying to sneak an open bottle of beer outside at bar close...
The rain does not help me sleep.
I'm sorry that I'll never be as fun in person as I am in drunk texts.
A taco bell should open up near us
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader— John Quincy Adams
I am not playing anything in Florida. I will stay here for the Venetian DS and maybe go to Commerce after. Take care!
Fresh squeezes juice is just one of the highlights in my day
Who owns an eSkillet? My boy and I were rippin his last night at the show. That's probably why I was really fucked up actually.
#ImThatPersonWho is always there for someone in need <U+E415>
Jealous the stuff I have scene looks incredible!
on a scale from 1-10 rate your obsession with Britney ! haha
1st shipment of tees should be in this week! " When are you going to have some merchandise in your online store?! :/"
do not favorite my tweet ! It's not something to be happy about ! Lol
I would love to go to bed right now but of course I have homework to finish.. Summer can't come soon enough
Just finished up my body paint shoot...it was pretty fun...but a little sticky :-)
Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing
How's everyone doing...its hott as usual in the great state of TEXAS...be safe and stay blessed ~DCK~
RT - Sounds like a good Indians crowd tonight in Arizona. Lots of Cleveland transplants I'm guessing.
hey batter in the tree, I'm a monkey look at me - ooh ah ah -> wtf kinda baseball chant is that?!
#ICA is kicking off the new season with Clarinet Kaleidoscope concert on September 18. Carl Nielsen, Johannes Brahms & Camille Saint-Saens!
Just wrote a 2 pg paper while listening to Birdman's album. The word "fresh" appeared 36 times, and the word "shinin" 83 times, respectively
Damn, just remembering them days when $20 wouldnt even fit in your gas tank, now that will barely get me out the driveway. SMDH
Interested to speak with other users of Autonomy MediaBin at
If you are getting lazy, watch James.
new business cards :) hello
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
what seats do u have?! :D
They Need a qb who can stay on the field lolRT they need all the help they can get
Swarming with Orange at Likeable Media! RT : I'll be interning for !
Busy work and chores today. Then I'll start shopping and cooking for our SuperBowl Party! How fun!
A member of our site needs your advice about #wheelchairs 4 kids. Posted the ? on FB! www.facebook.com/knowledgesafari #specialneeds Thx!
i always fall for your type
i love my boyfriend my bestfriend my mom my friends
Fort Lauderdale, the 'Venice of America' is a famous city for tourists in Florida.
hey, please follow back, i wanna ask u some question
tell the The naked truth strip poker
Why is one eye smaller than the other?
You misspelled here in your Twitter name description.
San Jacinto takes a 4-3 lead over Paris on a RBI single here in the bottom of the 8th
i use to hate it too but its way better than fb...i got my twitter connected to fb i post here and it post on my fb pages
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow ;-)
Y U NO LAUGH AT JOKE<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I am loving this weather!
Either way sugar is sweet #goblue RT : Should be a good one.
#LocalLove I love San Francisco because it's so close to the redwoods, nature and camping. I'm camping as soon as possible
Cool, stable air over SW and SC WI limiting overall severe wx: Large hail main threat as more storms moving in from NE IA.
I've had the pleasure of being on your source list. I'm sure you'll be using it and will look forward to possibly helping out.
Effectively slept through the rest of he day. :-(
If I'm following you. Please follow me! It's for very good reasons. Check out my profile!
.. hey Kurt, I think/My family thinks Your THE Best QB That ever been on the Cardinals!.
NCAA commercial had the UK logo on a dollar bill. Lol
A dog in the hunt does not know it has fleas. A man in the hunt achieving his goal does not know his aches and pains and the obstacles.
I hate when my dog watches me pick up his shit, I feel like his b!tch."
#iftheyshutdowntwitter my phone battery wouldnt drain as fast
#NowPlaying Would You Go With Me - Josh Turner<3
Night and god bless all :)
Praying :) Wondering if what I'm thinking about is really from God.
I'm not going to say I love you "more". It's too competitive.
I would totally have gone there too with the Coneybeare :)
Guess I shouldn't have been riling kitty up all day... Oops #yarncasualty rewound it though, luckily it wasn't too tangled...
TWEET ME YOUR QUESTIONS & I'LL ASK THE EXPERTS DURING THIS FORUM
I'm pretty handy with a wok
Thinking of changing my twitter name...
I don't care what anybody says the Diamondbacks are fun to watch #lovebaseball but they did get the best of my cubs
RT : The attacks are part of the foreplay to the talks.
#TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way is the name :)
Happy 4th of July!
decent beats and quality lyrics. If the lyrics are subpar, then the beat has to be decent
aw so sweet
And btw I got told the other say that I sound like Jenna Marbles! Minus the Potty mouth- I think they are right!
i'll come get it after my workouts tonight
Key areas of Presentation-Lawn,walkway,entrance,front door,rugs & window treatments.The house WILL sell with the right presentation!
Thanks for the RTs and the follow!
#FF these awesome people ~ for sharing light
If you get preggers out of Christlock, you should deal with whatever consequences such as breast cancer you get. Good for #SusanKomen!!!
The creepy dude who stalks girls around town found my work email somehow. What a freak. I guess this is the usual time of year for him.
FREE Web Promotion for musicians by www.webpromotion.com
You have to be part of the inner circle. Its usually someone that has been with the person since their first exec post.
Meek mills tape is gonna go down in history, the music lives up to the hype.
making it happen and I am liking what I am seeing
They atmosphere as thrilling here, as always
Just think about this....its not even the "Dog Days" of baseball where bad teams easily go on +10 game losing streaks.
We have great animal actor talent in #ABirdoftheAir & we'd love for u to share some of ur pet’s special talents! Twitpic if you’ve got ‘em!
true that. Love that life-long red head :)
I believe someone else already has. But thanks for responding!
RT Need flyer design,logo design,card design in 24 hour turn around... dm
I hate being sad, :/
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET A FOLLOW YET????
RT God is life so your life's purpose is serving God
i know!
#whycantyoujust love and appreciate me the way i love and appreciate you? without you my hearts in pain.... dont want to let go
I'm serious. Own it. I 'met' you when you were completing your dissertation and was immediately impressed w your discipline.
Visualization makes things real.
Of JP Morgan loss is no big deal to Mitt, it's only a few billion dollars after all.
great how did you actually renew energetic converstions
So much for my day gettn better I need to find a new crowd
Morning shower felt so good
Paraskevidekatriaphobia awareness! There are literally DOZENS of us!
Sponsorship deals for the web series "What You Can Do"
I'm sorry to hear that. How can my Institute make it up to you?
what is the song when the walleyes score?
It's almost as though Monday's coverage didn't happen.
So my Blackberry is not getting email just like so many others. At least it still has internet access and phone is working.
all lies and jests still a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest
already exists! Coffee Shop of Horrors!
The Microsoft Nook? Hell, I'm for anything that MIGHT help resurrect Barnes & Noble from the depths of mediocrity.
Love that #MeganMcCarthy was nominated for an #Oscar for her hysterical role in #Bridesmaids. Look out Meryl!
Romans 5:1 5:1 Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus.
whoever eat skittles one at a time kill yourself
resolution #1: must get bike. have total bike envy of these westsiders, cruisin' the boardwalk. i resolve to be one of them soon!
LOL, True, true! At least he didn't go to the Chargers or the Dolphins
Do you realize that posting stuff like this makes it more likely for people to watch these movies? Spite has economic value.
hahaha I'll text you one!
Why are u tweeting this to everyone?
you just made my day!! Thanks!
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
“: got anything going on on Friday ?” 2 show fri night 8 and 10pm
Yes indeed. Gotta have games at a games unconference!
About to see a performance piece at Whitney biennial. Can't even tell who but it involves a piano
the same one you accidentally tweeted from last week, its ok... Most of you BA hide behind mult accts with fake names/pics
i actually woke up in the middle of the night saying "roxas" x) -nice move dude
Please Detroit. Let's not become too friendly today.
Kiwi at 2012 lows at 7740
hahahahaha I was going to attempt it, but I can't even begin to try.
first crack in the Crawford armor there; tried to bare-hand Tulo's high, slow chopper despite Tulo laboring down the basepath
That commercial for Transformers 4 was good!
:x lol when we don't need our brain cells of course ;)
Ready for day 7 of 12 days of Michael & Marisa? To win u have to comment the right answer on the Facebook post. We'll tweet the link soon!
Got that right..
That's exactly what I said!
How are you Doing today?
because you're interested on fixing problem. Plenty of ppl terrible at a task but not interested in fixing it.
I'm the Barry you were talking to on the Dakich show yesterday. Great job with Dan.
We The Type Of Family That's Always Late For Some Shiit.
Love it! I would add a "circa." in there for good measure...
way to kill that interview W/ ! We support you!
Hmm...so what's the weather like in Denver? I honestly can't tell.
I have no motivation at all to get out of bed to get ready and go to school
Reading the VH issue of ClassicRockMag and drinking a Schlitz Tall Boy. Life may get better than this but does it need to?
Jokes on you babe (; I love my life (;
torrey pines lodge. beer fest. two words: CHIPOTLE IPA
Welcome to glad to have you as a follower it's an honor :)
British people greet each other with kisses on the cheek… … ;D xx
gonna bake up some treats :)
How ya like me now?!
lol that too
...city council. We also considered the fact that she is a public official. Then we decided to report the story and her name.
Good Luck ! I Voted For You<3
I was trj
Um, hasn't tweeted in 2 months.
How about writing press release that presidential candidate blanky blank will be visiting their home/school for dinner?
Let Dan Coughlin entertain you TONIGHT with his crazy stories at the Tuscarawas County Pub. Lib. At 6:30pm
that's what I've been doing hahaha
enjoy! What a great way to start your Saturday!
That awkward six months where I've been logged onto twitter on Stephanie's iphone.
WTF? RT : Cities that aren't SF: You need to stop trying to serve burritos. You're doing it wrong. (LA, you get a pass, though.)
"we say da'tonsies as soon as we wake up"
Need a stunt 'driver'?
drunk ass
CROSBY SHOULD GET THE HELL OUT OF THE GAME. #ImNotFallingForThat CRAP.
Somebody forgot to tell me there would be 3,000 kids in FL on Spring Break. Reminds me of the old days in Daytona and PCB.
Easy day today
Q: What are the differences between your influencers and your best customers?
Email tip: To emphasize enthusiasm, write "Thanks" with an exclamation mark. See: "Thanks" vs. "Thanks!" which do you prefer?
Well at least when you're sobbing your eyes out in your own apartment there's no one to try and hide it from.
APASD meeting on real life estimating with local AD Mark Albertazzi. #apasd,
Good Luck to you in the future & Good Luck to the team this week
Certainly not "worst ever" but they are the worst squad that Fergie has had in 20 years for me ol chap.
Love you too :)
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm right here! lol I'm bored too
#Devils tie the series at 1. This win gave fans some hubris, and by that I mean some Zubrus.
lmao!!!! Depends on what they singing...lol #barrywhite :-P
follow me? (:
Agreed. What's become the core msg of the R party no longer makes sense to me. Too much moralizing & too little substance.
I'd love if someone would spark me up right now ><
GOD MORNING PACKER FANS EVERYWHERE.....!!!!!!
Get to shoot tommyguns with the FBI tomorrow. Being married to my husband has many perks.
There is so much to be grateful for. These are exciting times. Face the miles and miles of trials with SMILES! MUCH LOVE to all sex workers!
im stupid savage... why my ribcage that big lmaooo well niggas stupid and my bitch bad lol
Earl Sweatshirt needs 2 come back i need them fire lyrics
I know I got something to live for and I need to know that something is you <33
Face down ass up all I need is three stroke bet you go fall in love with this dick
Thanks! I just turned it on. Rising tuition is a growing concern among #GenY because the ROI isn't what it used to be.
great sry i cant spell
It's awesome when you think you work at 2, but you work at 3! yay extra hour.
You say that a lot in our convos lol.
Welcome downtown, Mini runners, and good luck to all of you! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Baltimore Ravens Hard Knocks will be airing tonight @ 8 on NFL Network!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
We've reached 1000 likes. Thank you all so very very much!!!! We might something special for you soon...
Ma way home.<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
I think my friend does : Who's got an extra ticket they want to share? Sharing is caring.
wow tyler almost got caught :3
u know what else is rude.. U! For not hitting me back!
it was yum! loved the pics of you at the Magic Circle..ty and hope you are wonderful....
- I think that trying to prove there's no God is only a failure to recognize the existence of nature.
If you light a lamp for someone else it will also brighten your path. ~Buddha
It's easy to confuse 'marital' and 'martial' sometimes.
i care about you<3
When People Act Dumb Reason.
Help! My siblings didn't buy Mom slippers for Christmas so I must get them for #MothersDay. Costco & Fred Meyer don't have them. Where next?
Anyone in Rochester want to house me for a few days this week!?! Yeah? Yeah? No? Come on?
Watching my favorite show, GH! Embrace the drama peeps!
I'm looking at a table of 3 morbidly obese DA's sitting amongst 1 attractive one. Girls! Give up the truckload of Cheetos! There is hope!
...make us feel all warm and fuzzy inside, and download our stuff.
ok that makes no sense but i apologize for going profane regardless. Please explain what #nobama has done from your perspective.
Great Friday Words of Wisdom! : You only need to start with one small goal. Set it, achieve it, then believe it.
Andy Pettitte is back? What?
I'm glad David Robertson got his 1st blown save out of his system. Never do it again.
I just feel alone and that no one really wants me on twitter cause I am a guy who loves ariana
My sister keeps singing "don't drop that thun thun thun" #annoying!
Phone calls after 11 are booty calls so don't answer unless you on that same level as that person bcuz ure gonna get lol
RT : That was definitely the best horse race I've watched this year
Need a nap today. Slept for barely an hour last night and woke up covered in random bruises this morning. Either someone beat me....
I actually believed Ashley for a second and went to her page to check her followers lmfao.
Need delivery?
This is a tweet test of the Jennifer Nangle broadcast system. This is ONLY test.
First day in a long while I have left work with it still being light outside!
Block them. They can't follow you, you can't see their comments. Going private and accepting invites, lets people DM you.
YAY!!! THEY ARE HONORING #WHITNEYHOUSTON AT THE BILLBOARD AWARDS!!!! THIS SUNDAY @ 8PM ON ABC :-)
The dream is so convincing that it's not until after you wake up that you realize just how asleep you were.
On bus to see #dalailama at Ucsd. Traffic not as bad as expected
re: continuous integration. Better than "constant continual changes" ;-)
its ma babies birthday today!
I love you three lol <3 thank you so much! ^_^
haven't you gotten used to it by now?
thank you!!
I had really awesome day too!! I kept telling Air how good of a day I had. Sage DOES NOT like yoda
Leave alone with the pregnancy stuff... Im watching #KhloeandLamar... she is totally stressing! It will happen when it ...
Getting the most financial aid For families with college-age children, the financial burden of paying for their college degree has grown
#askharry most annoying thing in the world?
I love getting into fights with the bathroom lady in my school..
": Who's the more foolish? Kim Kardashian or the fool who follows her on twitter?"
RT : so the Angels were the mystery team? huh
I agree. It sounds like rest of team feels the same way too.
I'm sure I speak for & when I say we had a blast! Come back soon. :)
NEW SUMMER PROMOS COMING SOON! Check in with us tomorrow for great specials on radio commercials! :D
what american?
OK, I'm back from my dinner of delicious homemade chicken soup. Now where was I? Oh yeah, the treatise. Almost done.
We love Magic Burke! RT : I love cake!
JW have u ever requested your own songs on the radio 2 help boost them up the charts?? I know I would (HAHA) LUV YA BUNCHES :)))))))))
Uhm you better not be having munchies!
There is a guy at the Brewer game w a fluorescent green hat on that looks exactly like me. He's getting a lot of TV time.
Salma Heyak...Gucci ???? you sure it wasnt designed by the Robot from Lost in Space
Thanks. I think it worked.
Zambrano looks good early...
Lying is pretty pathetic, people need to grow a pair and just be honest.
the YMCA on high st
Sure did draft Coco Crisp, the Oakland A's Center Fielder.
what are u talkin about?
Go on home with yo abs & pecs loser lol
So excited to go shoe shopping tomorrow!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thank you very much, I'm glad you find it helpful! RT I love your site. Good stuff.
oh Jesus. Sounds about right lol
Listening to some classics for the first time. Pre- ...is a real boy tunes. Crazy stuff!
Hope you win the #shortyawards Pey! Hope you are reading this!
Claire Kramsch's invited colloquium on FL & globalization on now! See her coedited Trends in Applied Linguistics series at our stand
Just because i have a #Mahomie account, it doesn't mean im not a belieber, aidanator, psanderette or any of the others. i am.
i really be on my LostKen shit
Need to do some much needed promting. Please followers (what little I have) help me out!!! Love you -Jordan.
. and I are at Graceland. This is the tackiest house I've ever seen!
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb? thanks!
The bbq was so fun yesterday I can't believe I pulled it together last min. Thanks to all that came I really enjoyed ya.
I know what u mean by that!
This studio session is bananas right now!!!
how was your day today? o: and thankies you are too. And also very nice. ^___^
can i list myself as not single somehow so the ads for singles in my area no longer show up? it's.. troubling. :/
Really interesting "the Personal analytics of my life"- mapping 32 yeats of emails..
Don't miss a chance to meet composer Philip Glass today at the Contemporary Arts Center. The conversation starts at 3:30PM, and is FREE!.
Need some extra sleep!.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOXOO
Gah I apparently have a boob fascination today! What the hell?!
There isn't one class where our drivers ed teacher does not scream at me or
Don't forget tomorrow over Club Pleasures
The most important thing in life is to be yourself. Unless you can be Batman. Always be Batman.
every one of their buildings looked like a castle. See, that's what I want! #what?
Great conversation tonight w/ & about happenings in #fintech in ATL and the great ppl driving innovation.
“Life is a <U+FB01>ght, but not everyone’s a <U+FB01>ghter. Otherwise, bullies would be an endangered species.”
To bad this will be Mayweather's last fight....he's got a date with Bubba in a few months in the state pen...hey look what happened to Mike
Learned my body needs 1798 Kilocalories to maintain my homeostasis. But I insist on eating 3000 kliocalories just for extra proteins & fat.
I don't usually tweet.. But when I do- I hope it makes her smile
Myrtle Beach recreation for Wednesday, April 10
Dear DC coffee shops, please start playing Ok, thanks.
Not only did bring you lunch, but we also brought you a product nominated for Best Tech We'd love your vote for
I'm currently working on our company's brand guidelines/logos usage.
not me! Soy un hombre muy agradable ;-)
Please and thank you!
Internet Talk show, June 21st 10-11am PCT Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live
XD!! I just mainly hummed while u and JJ sang lol
Congrats! RT : dare i say it? i dare. best. audience. ever.
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow :P* :\\
On vacation living the dream
I know I passed like 4 accidents on 264 just now smh crazy cuh.
Ooh, tell me more. Has the pdf reading interface gotten better? I was making do with the old pdf reading system, but....
it may be the supper club talking but I'm sure all is forgiven
idk i cant run so
Why liposuction? 3 reasons: a more flattering figure, a more proportionate shape, fitting in your clothes better.
didn't know about this. Thanks for the heads up.
you don't understand! my rage level is 92920292739 times infinity.
Chillin' at my place with my friend.. We might go out later :).
Guys are straight creepin'.
damn i think i lost these vocals...smh
Thanks. Much love to you too. :-)
This guys name is Steve Francis ... Please be who I think you are.
just had the most delicious burger with a fried egg and porkbelly on it. Should have taken a picture
fyi, the brand is Reef. They're incredibly comfortable, too.
i look so messy right now.
man yo had my in shock!!! I literally stood there jaw jacked!
R Hotz. Journalists' stock in tade is Doubt. Comparing models, examining alternatives. Does this approach disserve readers?
#ccid2012 presentation on Troika Model Concept.
Kevin do you like DD or #SharkTank better?
Mike Allen and the #Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
Please go away bad thoughts :(
Light rail is packed with O's fans today
I really wanna go to Hawaii! please?
David Berns says the changing face of homelessness in the district is moving away from single individuals to families
Celtics al day
City of Charlottesville appoints Chris Engel as the new Director of Economic Development Director. Aubrey Watts is city's COO and CFO.
Peppercorn garlic chicken omelet with blue cheese for breakfast, how can lunch compete?
April 6th in Lehighton @ Erin's On First w/ This Is Hell.
If the Badgers really had five of Our Hero, it really would have been 1000-0.
Tennessee is a hype place to live
my boys gt a 29 point lead and my nigga Austin rivers der
Lol Victoria secret pink nigga u know ion Lik matchin plus it its matched my shoes
Happy 4th of July... up state right now, once home more band practice for the Playland BATTLE of THE BANDS July 20th hope to see you there!!
Jk my boob itches
So rude, yet so funny
On the lighter side of news I have that stupid Somebody I Used to Know song stuck in my head.
cause when me and joy was little we used to hear the mice on Cinderella sing that lmao
Gabriela ... it isn't riotous clamor
I don't care. You pick. I haven't eaten out in a while...
And I get paid tomorrow! Hoping this tax free weekend dont be no bs...but more than likely if its 2 good to be true...then it is...
He can't remember what their houses looked like, but he knows every cafe he ever drank coffee in along old Hwy 80.
It's the Trenchcoat Mafia, Charlie Brown
when people text you about some dumb shit <<
We'll see you there!
Meeting w/ a client group today & we are going to talk about: "How To Energize your employees" Morale - Empowerment & Soliciting Suggestions
I lost all respect for the blazers!
u forgot watch a video check oh wait that was me :)
Where you want me to send u the backgeound? Email?
I'm always looking for beats man. What is your soundclick name?
I'm done chasing, I'm standing tall and letting them come to me.
Yes u r da 1 haha luv ya.Omg just got my BWUsummertour tickets on dallas tx.cnt wait to see u love ya so munch so excited?
Bitches who stay mad over one lil thing<
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube and gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
I just wanted to say that u guys r so amzing! U guys prvoe to all kidz that u cud accomplish your dreams! Awsome work on ABDC:D
Finally bed time, :)
O Hell Nawww
Awesome panel discussion at #sxsw When Filmmakers meet Interactive - the Canadians have our butts kicked here. Multi-Platform storytelling
Any word length is fine by us.
I got love for the underground Kweli, pimp c, h-town where Bun get down.......
He'll be editing book reviews, and trying to starve the Daily Beast.
im pretty sure we make the best music.
your the bitch =P but i miss you!!! not cool!
yeah, so proud of myself. :)
#RandomShoutOut to ppl on my timeline: :)
#God thank you for writing my love story, thank you for your love words, thank you for your love, thank you for everything & for being you!
He appeared at the beginning of the show. I want more of and !!!
I'm just going to take a wild guess that my first #Nats game at new stadium will be called for rain. Ya think, #DC?
The Akward moment when a girl you talk to in class, is talking shit about you but yet still talks shit.
no way! Chick-fil-a in Tullahoma?
It's a liberating feeling knowing that no one cares what you post!
kids know technology these days. That password won't protect your phont
he will follow :D just never give up.
your boy Richard has my controller Hahah or do you?
Devotion=Success in Motion
lmao I mean sure why not. :)
with this kind of #weather in #Miami, my pool will never get warm!!
Trap or die bitches! #ThugLife. \m/
I've been workin' out my body, all the live long day. I've been workin' out my muscles just to pass the time away. Yeah!
My momma is a OG. what's funny is u probably reading this tweet and think I'm playing. Lol
Forgot to tell you yesterday that I like the colour palette on Gems.
I mean... I might even get it myself. Lol
Dog owners: doesn't it weird you out when passersby stare at your pup while they're crapping?
What if I give you a clue? It's two thing by the way
oh yeah lol I'm watching Make It or Break It
can you tweet me if you get this?
Had an amazing afternoon at the annual crawfish boil with my Foxcroft friends and their Tulane husbands.
went to Ensenada with my family and Nana and I met this amazing guy who give me 2 sanddollars for free when i bought some seashells <3 ty :a
I should get my hair cut after my dental surgery, right?
knocking things off the to do list - go me!
Renting some scary movies and hanging out @ my place with Sean&Linda Not really feeling getting wasted lol you're welcome to come
Beautifully done Victoria!
Congrats to our third winner !! Can't wait to see you Sun to meet
same here
The Scorpio Races is INCREDIBLE! I didn't even sleep on the plane last night...and I really needed the sleep :) LOVE IT!
WHEW!! 3 seminars in ONE day! We are happily WHIPPED! Bring our seminar, "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days", 2 U. Email .
Oh how I love naughty girls ;)
Rough draft of chapter 1 of book 3, Autumn in the City of Light, is complete! Kudos to Dana for her hard work!
Gonna see Andy Pettitte today.....almost time to start Pre-gaming with the boys....better get out of bed!
If you're in NOVA today, particularly Fairfax, I am signing Rooster, 1130 to 2:30, INOVA Fairfax Hospital on Gallows, in the Tower Gift Shop
so true! I have more than one favorite now! Arie, Ryan and the guy with the first impression rose!
#WhenIWasLittle - I tripped out because of the "monster in my closet"
dont lose what you could have had because youll miss every little thing of it
Come visit us?
I think I'm in luv with yur song. Its like my anthem rite now, I make my own sunshine :)
Japanther's Beets, Limes and Rice
hey girl follow me back:D
Battles at One World Trade The public has focused on a fight over counting One World Trade Center's antenna in the tower's height, but im
NEVER too early!
zetterberg has the best backhand in the league.
why did kim bring the baby to the gun range? could they not find a babysitter?
My ex boyfriend Chase
Zayn and avocados, Niall and potatoes, Louis and carrots. What's next?
ah, the refrain of the academic...
Taking my mother out to eat
Strange the media hasn't announced Tanit Phoenix joining "Safe House". I do believe you could get a hotter jpeg of her than Sam Shepard.
you better stop by while you're here!
See Jaxy on HARRY'S LAW: The Snark Queen! Weds., 10/12 on NBC . . .
Well, I am having some damn fine coffee at the moment (in a restaurant with animal heads on the walls)
People on the bus complaining about how hot it is.. but they don't wanna open the Windows
"We're going to cut away from Newt Gingrich because we have important news to report."
where R u?
Went to a Mormon wedding yesterday where most of the guests were from Arizona. That was really..uh..interesting.
No man can minister to an infant with a woman's tenderness. (1855)
words can hurt a lot more than most people let on.
Why am I always tired everyday.
time to rock the house!!!!!
*jumps, drops sweater, looking around, calls out softly* hello? .. *frowns, eyes sweater, shivers* oh hell its too cold
Save room for my love save room for a moment to be with me
Pianta: we trained professional development coaches with a range of experiences for our research project.
Nurturing, loving environments, communication, having lots of room to run
tell Marcus Alex says hi if you see him :)
#ufc surprised Diaz is a dog on this fight, should have laid cash but who knows he might be injured - gonna flip back and forth to boxing
Shots! Shots! Shots!
I like Barca & Vinehout, they r both full of piss & vinegar & care about WI & their constituents,need to study both more closely
I almost had one of those shirts... had them, but they don't anymore.
it was so good! Did you read the book?
The secret iconography on Rice's campus is well thought out. Those interested should search "rice walking tour PDF"
Hey Brian how's it going? ( :
WOW.. just felt the earthquake here in Maryland.
Not sure how anyone can support Mayweather. If he played any other sport he'd be the most hated in the world. Not to mention he's corny af
Just another reason why I love Chicago. Messages via stuffed fish.
Matthew Perry's TV career is much like the Hulk's movie career: Both only succeed as a member of an ensemble.
#CocaCola is cutting on #advertising costs with having dolls to promote their product now loool
I just Laugh (:
Can't wait to see at
Thank you for that. There are a lot of things in that area that are very interesting
#jennettemccurdy also is awesome love you
lol, I'm gonna get on later(: then we can video chat
M Maybe Thursday or friday afternoon?
I follow back yall #teamfollowback #500aday help me get my follows up!
thanx for joining in. Have a good night #OMCru _/l\_
Define and achieve your goals FREE at www.IamINC.biz !
Sappy Sunday Tweet #2: Lilly's b'day isn't until June 3rd but we had her party 2day before we go. What GREAT kids. Parents be proud!!
1st Oscar of the night goes to HUGO! Achivement in Cinematography, YES!
Thank you for celebrating with us. Did you have a great time?
RT if you Love your Ohio Fans. (:
Hey Bitches...In the Trenches at 10 this morning. Uncle Greg used to use questionable substances in the NFL....he still does but he used to
university fellowship websites! I'll send you some links if you want ;)
Stfu & go suck on something -.-
Jamming in the car>>>>>
ill beat it by Friday. Sleep isn't necessary, but you guys are!
Been a really long weekend about to call babe and call it a night....
you're too hard on yourself
#eugeneoneill Is in love with the following tweeters: thanks beautiful people!
lmao now you know what I dealt
Paul just set my computer to update for my iPhone and iPad. 4 hours to go, according to the download thingy. Ugh.
oh I believe it
Wondering how I let my wife get me hooked on Dancing with the Stars. Seriously.
SAG commercial audition, SAG commercial callback and then filming Busy, busy day. Let's do this!
Dear Mrs. Santoro, Thank you for ripping my papers to shreds. You made me better.
Lets make love with Austin.
The point of a relationship is to make the other person as happy as you can, because their happiness adds to yours.
But it's mostly reviews, right? I'm really looking for reference material on regions and grapes. Is it like Gambero Rosso?
Any spots left for the Baltimore Tech Breakfast tomorrow?
"We must love and respect each other."
come hm to sit n watch hoops, w/out the face & only voice, thought Brad Daugherty was calling Mich/Illini, it was Stv Bardo
yo u black bastard from gville, quickly hook up wit someone and tweet bout it. Hope u doin well man.
yeah whatever the ran u off campus, coon
Exactly what I was thinking. Why force Twitter to be only a synchronous stream for live content? [Oscars, Superbowl, etc.]
Yea we had our moments but the good out weigh the bad
Hi Curt :D
THANK YOU for taking the time to meet Jeremiah 2nite in Portland. You'll never know what it meant to him. You're a true class act.
Finished a whole movie in class! The Princess Bride was actually a good movie.
The big news of the day isn't that Santorum dropped out of the race, it's that Gingrich is still in it. Who knew?
:: is tweeting a running commentary on the company indecency policy seminar. A braver man than I...
Have a great time! cc
This week in my new hire class has tested even my flexibility.
better to be racy and sexy than racist and sexist
on the way to subway.
#Tweet #SweetStuff! Get yourself a great complextion using starter kits. Glow with us.
If you don't think someone's worth your time then more than likely they're probably not.
awe why? I'm good
It's Friday so special thanks to our newest followers. Recommended for sure:
La Costa Canyon 2 - cathedral 0 at the end of 1st
Thanks so much for the tweet! We're so excited!
If I smell like mothballs: haven't been to grandmother's house, and I didn't just return from India. Just purifying naphthalene in orgo lab.
How are my beautiful tweeps? Just got back fryin DisneyLand. Had so much fun. Guess who I saw, while we were walking around? Can you guess?
gonna be a fun 9 yrs “: “: Prince Fielder #Detroit” DAM !!”
Interesting..“: Kentucky Derby audience was 51% female.”
": Sometimes I wish I had more middle fingers."
Wish we were visiting Bear Creek Kennels today for the ribbon cutting. Congrats and Mom and Dad will bring us by soon to visit.
Happy St. Pattys Day everyone! Green beer here I come!
Also, the new owners that have moved into the building love it! Looking forward to a really exciting and busy summer!
Would be so awesome if it would just rain all day long
Indeed...but I didn't want to gloat!
we can discuss our love for driving in LA, and maybe talk about music too ;)
One wild rumpus has ended. Another has no doubt begun.
convenient you left your number off the image of the photo...
knows where to put the blame in this whole mess: people offended by Limbaugh boycotting and calling up Limbaugh's advertisers.
gale: school librarians have great tenacity, but we recognize that you are confused and we are confused.
RT : So MMG held a press conference to announce they signing Omarion? They could of Tweeted That..... << lol
in other words I am right on target again! Wow, a Soros funded shadow operation cool! ,)
Nice sunny day NYC!
the captain morgan 18.97 special this weekend has done some work on everyone at this party...
RT : It's official: I am running for the WV House of Delegates for the 67th District. Good luck! Look forward to helping!
Digital story timeline has value: story breaks-twitter-initial post-more detailed story online-full story in print.
We've been buying buying & buying AMAZING gorgeous stuff from NYC's fashion closets so stay tuned for all this set to go up next week!
A loss? I never lose creeper contests! Lol
Photoshoot at the shop for new flyers and ads...photos by nuvi
I'm afraid to say it, but it appears that the emails only do her good if she decides to run.
I volunteered 15 hours total in high school. I know the exact total because it was court-ordered
its werid when I try signing in but it does nothing helple me plz
A one-man show singing his life through the songs of his idol, #FrankSinatra. Catch #CaryHoffman performing #MySinatra live.
haha so what u doin now still surfing? :)
I used one of those computers back in the day, but never saw a unicorn jump out of it.
well, its almost 2am. might not be online for a while... but love u! bye!
I like to imagine some animals have huge egos
Ron Paul is a nut case
Some chicks just cannot and should not rock the belly shirts. Trust me it's for your own good. You're welcome.
Thank you at Hartford Memorial for such a great weekend. I am humbled and honored to have been part is the social justice conf.
Gurus are pansy asses too. Gotta listen to yourself.
didn't know that existed! I'm going to go dream about rage face merries. Z.
Be thankful for life, be thankful for love for it comes to use from above!! REW 1/8/2012
What about Brady Quinn?!?!?!
i would hang with lupe fiasco and id problably ask questions about rapping
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Um So Mississippi!!!
Just realized my clock has been frozen at 10:58...Windows...
Went on tumblr and tried to reblog a pic.... Forgot i went over my limit for the day...... X(
omg!!:) I've seen them live 5 times!!!:)
#WorstFeeling being judged ...
Solitary man! lol.... thanks for checking out our band :)
Increase your online sale by 25% or more by just creating mobile website. worldwide mobile users has increased and 3G technology has made p…
THEY DONT HAVE FAITH IN YOU UNTIL IT'S TO LATE!!! AND YOUR ARE ALREADY IN THE SPOT LIGHT!!
Happy holiday
Grey Goose chery nior ! I'm not ready but imma learn !
People with laugh out loud tweets
Made My Day <3
Thank you for following!
followed you back .
im great
Wow! The American Dream has gone up in 4 yrs. Well, not really, there's been a 70% increase in food stamp benefits. Let's blame it on GW!
I like being in and around all these brick buildings. And no sinkholes despite the rain.
I love that when I do that last cover check b4 bed, my baby smells like warm, buttered cinnamon toast. The best.
Thanx man!! I'll keep you mind for a model.
Happens to me once a week. RT : was just asked if i like usher and became very emotional
Not something that been brought up here, will donso--thanks!
“In a relationship, honesty and trust must exist. If they dont, theres no point of loving. So if you cant afford to be honest, stay single.”
I love my president!
Losin' games on da way to the Championship?
WATCH: Lee Corso Awkwardly Asks 'Where's That Kid At?' During Penn State Huddle via
aye let me buy a couple of them snacks from you I can't get up!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Fuck wit the team! #TSKG bitch <U+27B1> #FF & the the whole team is in the bio! #FF them too!
RT Monday night is playing at Sonar in Baltimore with
“: Our! thanks diva! you always in my heart! My add on messenger: ” thank you :)
Ron Pope? Who is this glorious man with the most amazing voice. Gives me chills.
#NP Hodgy Beats & Frank Ocean - Snow White
Who do u like better New York Knicks or Miami Heat ? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I want to go to a massage place...
Sample Curriculum Vitae or Resume ... - Best Job Applications Locker
Research based on individuals presenting for sex therapy generally finds a negative relation between...
To Artists: Keep trying, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel. I look forward to hearing about all your successes
You are so right.
lol that's funny. But I'm actually a third string corner back for the chargers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>.....
Welcome to my backyard! Hope you find some good talent here! At least there's great weather. :)
I LOVE that went straight to for mullet advice. ;)
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." William James #Quote Happy Easter
Text BRITNEY to UNITED(864833) to donate $10 to the St. Bernard Charity which is dedicated to rebuilding homes after Katrina. -Brit
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone - but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
I've already answered questions regarding governing bodies and drafting of definition paragraphs. This is why I am happy we have a Ning.
hahaha. Oh my gosh that reminds me of someone,yep it's mee..haha.(:
BORROWED BEAMS OF LIGHT live!!! on Ye Olde Tuesday Afternoone Rocke Show we dig.
Veronika is making DEATH BY CHOCOLATE VEGAN CUPCAKES!! should be in the case by 1:00 today.
So happy Sokol Blosser has Evolution on the table at Oregon Business Assoc Statesman dinner. Dundee like me!
Love drop box! check out dropbox.com
Bingaman staying "optimistic" but admits that moving this #CESbill will be a major challenge. One step at a time.
Stop focusing on what God didnt say. Dr. Baylor
Don't worry about the battle that is raging. Jesus makes the victory possible. Through Christ, you are more than a conqueror.
Blessed Holy Saturday!#HappyEaster.No one knew what just happened, or what would happen next. They just trusted.Sounds familiar...:)
I hope this means it's the return of the VJ. Hot damn!
that's great...really happy for you...do you know what you'll be doing?
yeah, but I'd you're locked out, you can't really go home either
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page .
112? textbook robbery
You read my mind. Exactly what I was planning to do!
"Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first." -- Frederick Wilcox, writer
: respectfully disagree. Science is a story and a set of facts. The question is, who judges what counts as "fact"?
U following me yet?
If we were on fB, I'd do the thumbs up thing. :)
Back at the tower bar tonight (at Sunset Towers), duo, 7-11.
Lol I know I don't know diddly about dating. Gotta start somewhere! So why not the safest place ever, the internet! Lol
I wanna say thank you for following me
"Lmao: Can't say because the person will know I tweeted about their arm pits. RT : where are you at ?"
That beard is just an airbag for donut collisions.
Looking forward to presenting tomorrow on Tips, Tactics & Tripwires at 33rd Annual MA EI Conf.
Both items are really cute, but I'm not a big fan of them together!
I love y'all! How are my handsome Culver men? (:
baby:'( please I'm sorry
$300 plus shipping
I believe Bluetooth earpieces are commonly called "ear mullets".
Alright!!! The "Twitter might start charging" chain letter/messages are circulating now. Yay!!
do you not know how the internet works? i should start a mom porn blog with photoshop and all the mom pics i can find on twitter.
hung over...this blunt should help..
Miss your beautiful face!
I wanted to but had to go home to meet movers for quote :(
I should run for office.
The Organ Scene - I have no idea what Depp was saying because I was too busy guffawing in glee - DvL
I hate the quiet bc it screams the truth
if a guys nails are longer then yours, you know there is a problem.
Studio Time
follow me back please!!!
I don't care how gay I sound, but Panic! at the Disco were great
Your perfect for me!
WAKE UP!!!! LOL
I love Austin's hair<3 I just like wanna rape it with my fingers ;D haha #Mahomie4Life #MahomiesGoHard <3 (;
Having a nice chill day :-)
We need more vacation tweets!!
you had me at hello then you opened up your mouth and that's when it started going south
Listen to now or else you probably don't love WLUW or music and that is sad :'-(
im glad you been okay !! same here !! its been so damn hot lately, hate it
Just discovered awesome!
. glad to be in the trenches with you!
do you have any tips for those over 40 looking to work with a recruiter and find a new career?
Michael Almereyda has made two films that share titles with different films starring Bill Paxton: Twister and Aliens.
So-laser
Thanks! I can't wait until you can come visit.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adrian Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, elections results
15 minutes left and I only need 15 followers..please follow
You know you want to follow us! Come on, even a reply would be good enough! We love you <3
I mean, they gotta make those bitches.
Thank you so much for the words. We'll keep on rocking!
Yeah of course! DM?
RT I extreme excited regarding your nomination, I tried for well over 2weeks to reach n <--Me too.
Our caramel is gluten- free. Come visit us at Farragut Square today with DC101!
Shut up Satan, Jesus isn't in Hell and he isn't even in Heaven, He's in a ChristVilla overlooking heaven so shut up.
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 8-10 & Party After 10-2am!! RT RT!
What does that mean?
The one time I dont bring my wallet and I miss the bus .-. *Flips table*
EAT IT WITH A SHOVEL MADE OF LOVE!
Summer summer summer! It doesn't feel like summer yet, but I'm so ready.
I located but can't find u.
No plans. Whatever I do I'm sure it will be out of this world amazing.
I'm grateful that these things come around only once a year: Valentine's Day, Tax Day, and Mel Kiper, Jr. Day, aka the NFL
Whoa! Are you there?
Fri, Sat & Sun is World Economic Forum in India. 300+ million people in Indian middle class now & growing.
The Sad Saga of the Vanderbilts
David's: a letter from a girl.
"Focus efforts on servicing n growing customers"; major endeavor @ 43% of co's 2 address revenue & profit growth goals (Aberdeen early data)
anybody on duty today 4/1? Got a debit card issue I need looked into asap. Thx
Night people bed time for me he:)
Thanks to the folks for an awesome time! Great job!!
"He is a jackass," said President Obama [referring to ]. “But he's talented.”
That early morning call <3 >>>> 8 days away
#GloriaGifford is amazing! What an awesome #acting class
- Best wishes to you in your new chapter!
is intrigued by the idea of a meat bell,
just got on 69...
You probably are for asking that!
Hooray for dishwashers!
Yes, Tebow is impressive. Must make you proud to be a Bronco fan! Have you Tebowed This weekend?
wow i broke 3000 tweets awhile back, the fuck has my mind been?
20 years ago today came Ride's epic Going Blank Again. Wish I hadn't already done a Ride Friday flashback jam.
#FeelingLikeALoser when you have no plans on a Saturday night.
get ready to loseZ
the players know he is gone an are no longer playing for him is like to get a new gaffer an start fixing this
I think she'd be perfect with Doug. But I'll definitely take Jef if things don't work out with her ;P
Bitch in front of me smell like hot cold cuts
T-minus 24 hours...
Jackie Martinez going global with song, "Look But Don't Touch." See it now on YouTube.com
The last 15 minutes of my shift made me one cranky #SundayLibrarian. Patrons noticed and now i have
loved the gloves Greg. Represent the "G"reatness!!
in #13Days you're going to have 18,000,000 new girlfriends! are you excited?
Very impressed with customer service. E-mailed them yesterday about an issue - FedEx'd a replacement immediately.
Goodbye Poe but DT position is deep this year
Totally new to this, and have absolutely no idea what I am doing. =)
Meeting is ready to begin...
so I nevr really got the time to listen to your album, but now that I hav I cant stop!! <3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME! ur inspirational!
me too!! But have to find hairstyles n stuff
How many kids do these GOP candidates have combined? My math says 127, but seems low.
BORED! I think i spend more time telling people I'm studying more than i actually study.,.....
Wait, I want one!!! I'll bring my pogo stick!
YO. MONOPOLY. MY PLACE. MY MOM MAKES BOMB ARMENIAN FOOD YOU'LL LOVE IT. COME OVER THIS SUNDAY
#DearSleep i love u!
Ok, I think we have them overconfident now. Right where we want them.
If U follow me and and I will give u a follow back
WHAT!?! That's coco-nuts! (See what I did there?)
Ran across a song on iTunes today called "Ginger Pupes." #ummsir #why?
I thought Rose's injury came on TNT in April. RT : The fact that the Bulls' season could end on NBATV in May is so depressing.
I can and do report them, I just see that game type as an opportunity for those that do.
Nothing my last boyfriend didn't do to me!
On the radio this morning, GMDM stated the move was still in the works/being finalized, announced later today.
Of course!
FF: , can't wait to see y'all tomorrow night!
Happy Mothers Day ...
I didn't mean to!
I had a few drinks at brunch today. Was wonderful!
RT : The team has announced that Brady Quinn will wear No. 9 for the Broncos.
I'm so jealous! Lucky :)
For the eyes of the LORD range throughout the earth to strengthen those whose hearts are fully committed to him. 2 Chronicles 16:9(a)
what do I do.?
Oh, c'mon Google. You like Tumblr tag pages for your search results?!?
Boyfriend and Turn To You are just amazing <3 I can't wait to hear all the other songs :) they're gonna be just as flawless <3
It was fantastic meeting and Robbie tonight in San Antonio.
Thank you! So nice to hear that.
I wish I could've stayed in your arms all night.<3
There are more movies in the theater that I want to see then there has been in a long time. Do they sell all day passes?
Last month in SF, I walked by the CBS Interactive bldg & wondered what sites they owned. Turns out CNET + some junk sites.
f u
YES RT : thrilled to be with as VP demand sales working with the leading demand customers to grow real time trading
Oh how I need some motivation to clean this house! I seem to be nailed to the sofa & phone! So lazy, maybe music will help...green tea...
There is a human hand on the raptor! o.o #JurassicPark ... o.o
#AMAHigherEd schedule myths about the environment.
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'
So many work days could benefit from the intrusion of elder god tentacles...
This sucks!! Work week has started for me<U+E40E>
RT : I don't mind when stupid people show up in my @ column. They help me entertain y'all.
What Is Madison's Middle Name?
I still got my scarf on, idgaf lol I refuse to let my hair frizz up today -_-
We had an amazing time playing with the fae at last nights Terra Mysterrium show. Pictures will be coming soon.
So my poker BR is 100us. Any advice as to how I can increase my roll. Except sng´s. Pros please help. Thank you
Opportunities come to those who create them...
Fingers tired yet? We're just getting started!
Sorry that I haven't posted for two days. Holiday weekends are hard. Back to my week of CJ today, though!
Shout from Alaska!
really is it a new or old episode cause my lil cuzin is watchin it too
going to show this Sunday!!
please update the iPhone app. Its too slow, and for a better word it SUCKS!!!
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT
GHS English acad team 1st in class 3. Have to wait until noon tomorrow to see if score of 16 will advance them to state.
I'd say a 59 in golf, 60 points in hoops. I'd say your 2 returns in one game ranks up there #realtalk (almost 3!)
haha i could sneak you in my luggage?
Happy to have received a letter from 15 year old Amanda who is studying American government at school!
Keen.com
Hollie .-. I love you so much. My mom and I were crying so hard when you performed. It was incredible.
we want to recruit awesome gov web writers to HowTo-ize content on howto.gov
did I see u outside d&d's last night?
Prettiest thing a women can wear is confidence.
Reflection & challenge are awesome & SO important but why does it need to come from top-down reforms? *shrugs*
Candles and relaxation. What more could I want!
Spring clean your engine, new air filter, new wipers, new fluids, new cabin air filter, new spark plugs, new brakes, new feron in a/c system
Gonna take a lover Gonna take her back to Somerville Don't care if she's pretty as we leave Suck City Permice Brothers, Somerville
Funny thing is the guy is a friend of mine, I just didn't know.
How are going with those Dell Huddle B2B podcasts? Any chance I might be able to help with some of the editing?
Shes Hands Down The Most Motivational Player On & Off The Field .. NOONE Else Deserves It But Her ! Yaa Know ?! :)
Very true.
The #NorthwesternMutual ad played on NCAA games sounds like violin torture. Stop the madness!
RT - The Cleveland Indians finally called up prospect 3B Lonnie Chisenhall to the Majors today! Finally, my keeper 3rd ...
u shuld hit mah follow button ya <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
was checking out the space and saw bein' all co-worky and productive there.
Throat hurts so, my voice is non-existent, reduced to barely a whisper. Those around me are, no doubt, rooting for the cold virus.
That new ink I bought?
Collard green, macaroni and cheese, green beans.....coconut pineapple cake with ginger ale
wow such a little smart ass you are grow up
Can't wait to get the 2012 tin !
Richard Carmona "Finest Few" Low Riders Joins The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston And The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Katy perry is a really bad actress. Lol especially in her part of me video. But her voice is amazing.
of course! :) we have 19 of them so I'll let you know when a good match-up at home comes along :D
No more bus tours talking about poverty-We need to fundraisers and investors to create wealth.
See our videos from #Cambodia and the #Philippines on www.youtube.com/planetwaterlive
Should also put it on your resume. Couldn't hurt.
I've had a good week (yay!) Hope things get better for you!
Character is what you are in the dark. ~John Whorfin
Morning to all hit me up if you need your hair braided or re-twisted
Happy Birthday and congratulations on your successful shows!!
I didn't even know I was nominated. Thanks!
In Denver waiting for the next flight.
thanks so much for the #bcbg skirt coming so fast in the mail.. great fit and i love it!
Happy St. Patricks Day!!
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH <U+2665> HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 8
11'11 isn't just a time isnt just a boy.. Alright i can't hold it anymo... ILOVEYOUSOMUTCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
he in the bed wit one now!!!!
thanks for following! We hope you'll stop by our theatre and enjoy some of the great actresses that grace our stage.
or myspace! lol
u a damn fool
Ha, good one. My Klout score must be through the roof! ;)
sign us up!
Come visit the Tech Lab's new laptop work station and cozy chair!
Reached 300 pages, finally! Don't have time to stop and celebrate, though, must keep going...
Guys, you know what the most expensive thing in the world is? A girl that is free for the evening
Thank you guys I appreciate the intros so far.
Still doin big things!! Bigger things to come!!
ur not alone in ur lust 4 Kate, plenty of guys think she's hot. I just think there are models that are way more attractive.
to beat your story length, they would need to read the Bible, aloud, in its entirety.
I didn't check the weather. I did, however, prevent a Marilyn Monroe situation before coming to work.
hahaha oh goodness! Mine was about Kendall from BTR.
RT RT Youngbloodz Performing live this weekend in Atlanta stay tune or dm for Details!!
If I were a terrorist, in the US or Europe, and I were not stupid, the last thing I would wear is a burka. -Nussbaum
And no, I'm not hungover.
The Future of Tailgating is at Slyderfootball.com
“: I'm not single, I'm just in a long distance relationship with the person who lives in my future.(:” the most awesome tweet ever
Ryan Braun has more than that... ;-)
For maximum enjoyment, size your #garden to suit your schedule
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to send thanks for your generous donation!Please visit Chicago Diner Veggie Rest.in Chicago
thanks sweetie pie I appreciate it
So excited for Thanksgiving that you're craving turkey today? Come get our Turkey Scallopini burger, it. is. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
love you :)
Time to go into the editing Dungeon, lol
figuring out what to do next after my season in switzerland.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Reports Record Revenues and Profits for First Quarter of 2012
I wish I could get over a 100%...thats not even possible for me...
Come on now. You know All Along The Watchtower is a cover, right?
When we go to hear Matthew Weiner speak at MFA Boston 9/29, I hope he'll address how they decide what events to drop in, e.g. Andrew Goodman
RT : Latest 2nd round senarios: If LAC wins Game 6 vs Memphis, Game 1 vs. Spurs is Sun at noon; Game 2 is Tuesday at 8:30 ...
Oxford University's Internet Institute has published its first digital, interactive textbook for students - whic..
blah I hate work
Great Stand-up comedy coming to Philly this Saturday 11/26 www.conniesricrac.com
Pretty depressed morning, with upcoming biopsies and such. Try to be glad and gleeful, but the frankenstein in my id get the better of me.
Sometimes being single just sucks then other times its like woo freedom but right now it sucks
Oh what to do, what to do... Lots of decisions but thankful to have them!
Cindy SO GLAD you are cancer-free #1 & THANK YOU so much for registering as an angel to help another! B WELL!!
Good Morning SATown! Its Friday & time 4 the #bootybounce on w/ #XavierTheFreakinRican #BiggiePaul #Spurs Drive for 5 continues
I did not watch the first season on tv, but I thought that's what one of my friends who did watch it on tv said happened.
game fuck with cha boy its westside till hell rise
D Harris is semi injury-prone, Farmar may get a couple starts under his belt. You think D Fish will resign with the Lakers?
There are some seriously wacked out people in the world. It's not pretty when those people find social media.
Oh, man Messing's pregnant!
Are you showing bold enthusiasm in your life?
Merry Christmas from We close today @ 3pm & are closed Sat Dec 25. reopens on Sunday, Dec 26.
Thank you! We're so excited!
I'm jealous!
“: yu must be #fskw?”man I be chillen free writing :-)
Some girls on my bus today where talking about 1D and said Liam and Niall arnt cute! I wanted to kill them! And they kept saying Zayn's ...
PHOTO BOOTHS PERFECT FOR ALL EVENTS, LIKE WEDDINGS,REUNIONS,ETC. 4 HOUR SPECIAL $895 UNLIMITED,WE SERVE NORTHERN CALIFORNIA 1-888-442-4023
is interpreting my dream from last night. Be jealous, !
I would -KILL- to see a Pacific sunset. Relax, Don, you're in paradise.
Soon enough bro!!! ;D
I was just playing.... chill
lol ,not me I gotta start paying bills next month :(
I'm going to partake by drinking more #wawine !
Glad you like the song though. It deserves some airplay love. Tell your Seattle peeps.
if I look inside your brain..
I really like Screenflow, but use Screeny for great quick one-offs.
Thanks for the tweet about our app Courtenay!
RT : If you want to expand the library, build on its holdings, not just the building.
Hot wings and a blue gatorade
already planning Christmas gifts... oy.
I'll follow you till you love me papa paparazzi!!! Hahaha
Elsewhere by Gabrielle Zevin: Live life backwards...
THEY STILL HANGING AROUND.
Mayu, #fairtrade, hand-knit alpaca accessories are now sold in Taiwan! Woo-who, spreading the Fair Trade alpaca love to Asia. www.shopmayu.c
Did you know #NoelCoward wrote his first play, "The Rat Trap" at the age of 18? Learn more at the #exhibition!
RT : The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.”~swedish proverb
Hey!! If u can, Check out on Fox Biz today. V-S Industries/our family biz will be on!! Thanks much Cavuto team!!
Just picked up my new #android phone. I love unboxing new toys!
Ok kool... and no thank you
yeah. Because his playing is so different between this year and last year.
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
Seeds of greatness blossom in the season of greatest needs. ~ Kevin W. McCarthy
I hope you go AFC west to crush the #broncos 2x/yr for skipping you. Plus that means you won't crush the
I'm thinking... I'm thinking...
This is going to be a great weekend!!!
PLS FOLLOW ME JUSTIN
Visit us on Saturday at the Trek Women's #Triathlon expo in Pleasant Prairie and the Rock & Sole expo on Sunday at the #Summerfest grounds.
Thank you for the link.
She blinded me with silence.
Charles Higham dies at 81; controversial celebrity biographer - Los Angeles Times
I check into places at foursquare right before I leave.
im bout to go in on twitter today, nigga bored as hell, fuck the todays topic i got my own........Bitch im Loui V
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
Escaping from the normal into the extra-normal
Budget lapse plan passes the Joint Finance Committee, 12-4.
I've loved and i've lost .
Folks I think I finally found the auto tweet app that I had set up to experiment with and have turned it off. Apologies for the nuisance
Good Morning to Everyone:)
Good afternoon tweeties!
had the best time in Vieques!! Lots of reviews and photos of the island on my blog :)
And for that to change, THEY have to change. Awareness about these issues must start there, in their personal lives.
She's still sleeping :( I'm bored
Lets Do This Then
<<<< Just gotta breathe cause my head is hurting from all this crap
Everyone at Birdsall Law Offices is wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holidays!
#dragrace Chad Michaels is the epitome of style and grace. The new old face of drag, my vote's going to CHAD MICHAELS!!!!!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy <3
Thanks for your kind words about the post and thanks for taking the time to let us know about the comment problem.
Boo to flight delays and injurious sweets. Emailing you a clip.
And a word doc with common comments: "Works cited in alphabetical order, you damn heathen!" and so on.
...a waiter told her he used to work at a US base. Some of his friends promised great jobs in Dubai, taken to Iraq & injured.
now I'm going to sleep, Saturday you're mine tomorrow ;)
uh huh! Lol
There's a Michelin-rated joint in the Wynn Macau with a house poet who will compose a few lines for you when you get seated.
I wanna watch! M
Morning! Oh really? well let us know who and what products :) U know we're all about sharing <3
I knew. It was obvious. Marty's bi; but Doc is all about the teenaged booty.
trio in stereo are done recording.. now off to mastering finalizing some things for the art etc. i love it when a plan comes together
I wish someone would holler out of a chicken truck at me, don't take that for granted.
now that i've figured out what that professor wants it seems so easy, almost, to easy... hm
Can you explain this to me because I am struggling with this Tebow dude?
Game of Thrones
Enough with the labels already, we need to move forward with an agenda for our community. re: Hispanic vs Latino label
cool it I'm joking mono boy
OPPRESSORS. THEY ARE HARMING INNOCENT PEOPLE AND NEED TO BE CONDEMNED AND THEY WILL BE. WHY DON'T YOU BLINK? SHE IS A GENETIC SOMETHING
Pappy Van Winkle is in-stock and ready for the Holidays! Come get it while supplies last!
Perfectly said. RT : We love this team, but damn...
dividend day! Woo!
I don't want to say exactly how long it's been... But just know some good sex is well overdue
Passion is the genesis of genius. ~ Tony Robbins
lol so you can dress like a slut ;p
Wine sale, $10 select wines
Listening to my sister prattle about music.
and a shout out to you all for hosting such a wonderful event! we appreciate everything that you have done!
seriously. It wasn't right! But I had a simultaneously productive and indulgent saturday, so I'm feeling alright!
The weekend is here - yeah! Rain or no rain who cares, time to spend with our family and good friends. Hope you all do the same.
Look! A chance to wear hats in school! 9/23 — PFO Hat Day, Bring $1 and wear a hat!
doing my best to pimp out your art... hope you don't mind the mentions.
it going well actually. Thanks for asking. I like your stuff very nice. We're just getting started. It's exciting.
A huge thank you to our Veterans! May God bless our men and women in uniform who make the sacrifices daily to keep us safe at home.
Either works! : |)
We are sorry to hear that. We do test the batteries before they go out but just in case one is bad, we always send an extra.
So I'm heading out the door...with one eye open 4 any of #teamponytail members. Oh, they're everywhere
Teaching myself kinematics and. Dynamics for the fucking FE exam is brutal. Need some smart food to get smarter
Many are calling for Ocho to have a big game on Saturday..I don't see it..How will he miraculously turn the page on this ugly season..?
Who has a pool? I want to lay out today.
Just got to work. It's my Friday with a busy weekend ahead.
Hawks Cay for July 4
what kind?
Flying out within a day to India to join Team Sheru Classic. Thanks for watching and we just filmed 20 new videos last wk
But they're just afraid of somethin' they can't understand.
Moring twitter.....M its nyc to b back....
To one of my favorite pro athletes of all time, fabulous career. Humbled to witness win 200 in person -
That was not the Britney tribute I was expecting and to cut it at 20 seconds to announce Beyonce? That was FUCKED UP! :(
Pulling Bryz did a lot for ya, huh #flyers?
iOS and Android Engineers - Ratio is where the cool hang out. Come hang with us!!!
deal. I better hear that after every shot tonight you give the infamous NBA jam catch phrase "he's on fire"
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
the guy who offered 'the b00by trap' is correct...
Can you send again? I get so many that are junk it is hard to locate the right ones.
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
One week out from three launch of the 2012 San Diego Family Expo!
Thanks for spreading the word about Tacos!
Dang two old conan obryan in one week.
I meant the original building, not the redesign. Redesign is dime-a-dozen.
are you working at Salut this afternoon? I will be getting a drinkski after work.
Plus he was looking at the clock and fouled at the last second. That's smart basketball.
"All these blessings will come on you, and overtake you, if you wil listen to the voice of the LORD your God."~Deuteronomy 28:2
Yeah, I'll be working with the Ames PAO team. So much cool stuff
The River is one of the most insane, trippy, shows I've ever seen!
North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue's comment about how Amendment 1 makes NC look like Mississippi... BOOM
I'm obsessed with shoes..
you're my 100th follower! :D thanks!
Done with my freshman year of college. Praise the Lord.
woot woot.....glad u are....I need my coffee to kick in
Today in 1864, the H.L. Hunley becomes the first submarine to engage and sink a warship, the U.S.S. Housatonic.
The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss. ~ Author Unknown
It was a sprain or strain but he returned to action during the season
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -Herodotus
My pleasure!
3rd girl came up to me and told me to make a tumblr just now...
do you ever wonder if the stars shine out for you...?
PLEASE--ALSO FOLLOW WE NEED YOU
Stop sending SPAM!!!
on the bus with Heaven and Christina , Delaney.
#informative RT The older you get, the earlier you go to bed and the earlier you wake up.
ha!!! Great pic
CAKE CAKE CAKE COME AN PUT UR NAME ON IT... ..(^_^)/
Thanks for the RT! :)
take it as a good thing!! :)
the kids bop kids was at my job singing it all say now i love it <U+2764>
Looking for a volunteer to coordinate street musicians (not stage) for our event! Email if interested.
I have about 8 books that have been sitting on my desk that I haven't fully read...guess who's becoming 10x more of a reading fiend.
never ever too early talk.........
Ty for wishing me a happy bday
Do you have a moodle platlform? That would give you their logon time.
Oh no! Maurice Sendak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hilarious! RT : Tired of being single? Go sleep on the couch for a night and remember what it feels like to be in a relationship.
Up early with for
Fashion night out was a great success!!! Nicole richie was awesome! And rodeo drive was packed!! Did anyone attend ?
Raible next on NWSports tonight on
It's that day when half of America goes around wondering why people have dirt all over their faces.
This is why I deleted last time cause I never even tweet
Dear CNN: Is it really necessary to give so much info on the POTUS whereabouts in Afghanistan right now?
I, too, love the Sunday coupons! I'm old school, though, I read it every morning, then catch up online.
determines how well you do it.
glad someone does!!
never got that text -__-
not til after.
hey whats up!?
YES! RT : Ron Worth asks: ...do you find competition intense, limited resources/time, need to do more w/ less dollars?
Bye ,going to bed ,sweet dreams :-*
Urgent Prayer Request! My aunt Christine just passed away.
Ori left after that too. She didnt stay.
There are many black people who DO feel the same way I do about gay marriage. President Obama being one of them.
If I do come then I will def see the show! Assuming I could get tix....
Know which battles to fight and which battles to walk away from.
"Yeah, I'm, like, not here for the show, man." (But I'm, like, totally gonna stand up front and dance, though, cause this band's awesome!)
RT : THIS. “: And just because NYC is diverse, doesn't mean people are living a diverse lifestyle.”
great show at ! Thank you Rickie and for having us out there!
He love the way I ride it <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A2>
Backing Bands: Sagittarius Band and Code Red
Listening to Debussy's piano works while playing MW3 is the only way to play.
I feel like you could grow to love almost anyone. Its just that most people don't give everyone a chance
Maybe it has to do with Fruit of the Loom. Is there a pear/pair connection?
and kobes shoes are gay
JAVA Architect US Citizen Green Card Consulting Position
can you rap about something else? It just sounds like your saying the same thing over & over.
It's boring not Tweeting.
Moving to the chi n a 2 years
Stupid Valentines day x.x
it won't let me follow you for some reason... And I checked out your videos there great :D
vs. good old fashioned beer fight. 4/8 Tues. 7pm. 12 amazingly hard to find beers. 1 coveted chalice!
lol get yo retarded self outta my mentions haha
Good stuff in the book room, including the new Chabon novel, as well as Irvine Welsh's Skagboys, and new Mark Helprin.
I'm only arrogant when my confidence clashes with your insecurities.
u a Real Lady then I hate chicks that get Gasses up cause thirsty niggas in they face.U Real Stay Trill Babe
Need new musick! Mention me and give me some ideas and ill follow yuh if yuh follow back
i don't feel good :(
think they are just moving on to bigger/better things. Heard their contract was up and they just didn't renew it.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHY YOUR NOT COMING TO FLORIDA?!?! )":
My son is trying to teach me how to eat sunflower seeds.
God I love you.
If u don't like or respect me for who I am then
nice job opening w/stories on Knicks, #Rangers and #Yankees. NYC losses much more important than anything anywhere else
#boored...its just me and now
OMG: RADIO IRIS by up in this piece - this book is dy-no-mite
The countdown is on! 6 days left till school starts! Hope everyone is ready to go back!
you're my favorite. CC
w/ the power of content distribution becoming democratized, how will that affect traditional content creators?
Youve got that ONE THING !
Yes, we're wearing our red in TX, too! Gov. Walker is trying to force WI teachers to be as badly off as the ones in TX!
Uhh no i start work soon!!!
Upcoming meetings in NYC AND San Francisco are getting set and almost confirmed... I'm excited...
this cell project is a bitch
Still trying to get tickets to the UNC Duke Game!
haha yeah unfortunately I dont know how to swag like you. lol
Hwy 30 (Old Columbia River Hwy) is closed at Nielson Road in Troutdale, due to a downed power line.
Well... I think it's obvious that I'm not in a good mood... :/
trying to write a song (any song help welcomed) so far i have written a few words and its not the best ... bu i gotta start sumwher u no...
i dont have an iphone!!!
Have felt supremely unproductive this morning...but this is a facade. I'm settling into something new. Good things.
college educated girl :)
"I'm 18 , I can't date her . She's to young" hahah...oh rlly ?
Yes I do! When haven't I answered you?! Bummed about the Preds :(
How people take the game for granted*
Amazing, have a great time!
Now everyone can breathe MT : UW met with Uthoff and announced transfer restrictions have been lifted except for Big 10 schools
Waiting at the carwash
The Only Place- Best Coast
Hooray! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a great time at the event :)
Just hanging at the beach on Christmas Eve, no big deal.
Motorcade has I-66 west shut down, except for my orange line train. Which is a good thing.
Jeff George on line 3.
i might be able to, ill let ya know tomorrow
Never had much use for a saucer, myself. Once they can sit up, give them a safe floor area to move around in!
Word. Like I said, as a MacHead, I EXPECT everything. But I obviously expect to pay for it. So no surprise.
Listening to young forever by ready set pumped up to skate now!
#SUPERFAN! Revel in it.
Mueller: Visualizing twenty years of C with Google motion chart
we'll be back tonight ! Idk what time.
lol, I didn't think so either.
I started thinking bout my old toys I really started crying :( sigh
I get more red zone action from your mom.
the lighting effects that. Put it in a darker area and then it will look better.
doing great! How about you?
Tablestakes is how much you need to switch brands. No more. #amahigphered Do you agree?
Room is filling up for Grand Challenge talk
Just had a good d group leaders meeting. I really love n appreciate those men.
Blake Griffin is still begging for calls.
Talking about cinco de mayo with and Julie says I thought it was the 12th hahahaha
There's not one day that goes by that I don't think of the queen,
is it Jeremy's birthday or something?
Space Adventure Film a Potential Trouble Spot for Disney
You're welcome :) nice to see another guy
!!! RT : JUST GOT MY CAR WASHED TODAY..... GLAD ITS IN THE GARAGE IN THIS RAIN RIGHT NOW
People I appreciate!
Get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
Good luck at the doctors Jason, your #Derulers are with you. #Positive (: Just think about your #Derulers #ILoveYou (:
thanks baby!
RT : Our lives a series of defining moments, strung together by passing time. –Frederick Jezegou
Even if you sing it?
dope that's my specialty!!!
The Doors are open, now it’s up to you to make the most of your weekend. lays down the music tonight!
ill still chill with u guy calm down !!!!
a) OBV. b) You're not an old lady. RT Can the "old lady" join you guys ?!? :)
Cut your hair brother.
These new Party Slayerz tracks are fucking rad!!! Demand in your town!!!
Lol. It's a Bentley in my mind.
Taco shop n Bonita has great food but absolutely horrible service with register people who look like they don't give a shit bout u
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. Flora Whittemore
It must be your hours. I write every Sunday, like clockwork. :)
Clippers ain't in Lob City tonight smh
RT : #TroyDavis was innocent & the premeditated murder by the State of Georgia was nothing but a slow-motion legal lynching.
I could have made that 3
teach that cat how to spell
Special Pregame Ceremonies for all 3 #Aztec BB Games this weekend. Please get there early. Expect sellouts and traffic.
Fun day w/ my Grandma =D
Nothing better after a long day than
Good morning err body!
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
Good morning and happy new year!!
Fox announces deal with Ryan Seacrest to continue as A.I. host. Must be nice to be Ryan Seacrest.
Does everyone want to vacation at the beach?
100 CD inserts and Cd's thermal printing and duplicated for $59 inbox me for details.....
Thanks. Dude's being nasty, oh well, c'est la vie.
I cried #DesperateHousewives is over. I´ll miss Wisteria Lane&all my friends & the rest.Thank U
how old r u and how long have u been in the bizzness #urawesome!
save it for Barclays Grand Opening
Not a bad day. I've combed through 53 pages out of 273. 1st of 2 remaining edits before publication. Only 10 more days to go. Yikes!
Brother just ordered me a new MAC charger.. Despite how he acts, I know that he loves me. Lol.
more akin to asking you...
Awesome. Definitely interested in getting a set. Now they just need to make it easier to acquire them!
Its Hot AF In Walmart
I thrill to complaints about the post office and the particular horrors of each location but guys: the USPS iPhone app is super functional
Looking forward to tomorrow - interviewing both #Umphey'sMcGee & #Howler Please pass on any questions you want to ask
Post-electro-heavycore-ultra-rock legends Trans Am reunite for epic reunion shows! Live your dreams! Available now for bookings!
The deal is pretty specific. But we create minty 2 color designs all the time. What did you have in mind?
Started reading the new book last night. In love!
I actually went to one before this last startup weekend! They taught us how to use git and push an app to Google App Engine.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets. ~Paul Tournier
Thank you for following!
Already planning for #ASTD. Who else is attending #astd2012 in Denver this year?
"flying frog!? may i borrow?
just found out that if you press the space bar it scrolls down...
Second USF Bulls Goal disallowed by the NCAA Refs, both were "offsides".
Good Morning...that ish is so true man.
just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head
Rick Scott wants to be held accountable
#Heartattack From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Title: From the Couch to the Computer : A New Take on Therapy Category:
they had a shot! That would have been amazing!
Live radio phone-in on the Soccer Sam show promoting FANSHOES fashion show event slated for Nov, 20th @ the German house on Gregory St.
Not an endorsement, just an invitation for someone to point out someone else. I know nothing of politics, but that which I've seen.
Great minds think alike!
SIT AND SPIN MERCURY AND MARS!!!!
Informative day @ HBA expo. Eating vietnamese food as I read through all the information.
Lee Greenwood playing at NFL Draft is awesome!! cc
RT : #withoutmy heart, Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
great aunt carol
This Mariner team doesn't score enough to win consistently. Fans will continue to experience heartbreak until that changes.
Kid: "Do you have Scrample?" Me: "Scrumple?" Kid: "Scruble?" Me: "Scumble?" Kid: "Scumple?" Me: "The sequel to Saavy?" Kid: Yeah.
RT : At to work w the #Kogod business school today; Preparing to be blown away by students' ideas for
I miss Paseo!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Been back in Austin for 30 min & I don't know why I haven't had a taco yet.
Ahaha! What tweet did you read?! :]
just Fin working on new song with JAY DOGG.. Making the BIG12 Happ!
Thanks for the #FF and I hope your weekends are full of excessive fun!
Cuse really extending that zone now, gotta get a bucket in the paint.
shells . QA: Is the SD87 GA Airsoft Pistol grip CQB Shotgun a good airsoft gun?
you're terrible. :P
Congrats 2 KingJames But the Pacers R A Very Good Team not Going 2 be easy MIA HEAT
I do hope they pee. I hope they pee and have to sit in all day for liking such a monster.
That's what's up!! Low key I already know what u on!!!!!
ah....fudge
- Go Jets!
well peace out imma go to the oral surgeon
if it is we're both weird. hahahaha
Fantastic job Scotty, you should be very proud of yourself, you were a natural.
I've hit the wall. You could only use the "It's for a contest" line so many times, before customers realize your a desperate liar.
Gaga Is Our Crazy Pants
agreed. Though ones that I also deem deserving.
wow! So many new followers! We're booked all this week but have some spots open for next week. www.pghgreenclean.com
Lenny Kravitz Reissues 'Mama Said,' From When His Life Was 'Spinning'
Excellent service from Abigail & Suzanne at the business suites reception desk at #SandtonSun #hotel today.
Amoura Productions is looking for a WordPress Webpage designer, send samples of your work & resume to
If you are listening in to the Content & Scope mtg and want to ask a question, please tweet!
thanks for sending me the info about KY budget. Life's been crazy. Got 2 foster kids into the house this week. Big adjustment!
-- Just our of pure curiosity..... Favorite animal?
Big news tomorrow at 1 PM about my single! Keep checking for updates
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!
Hmm. better skill position players, weaker division, decent O line..who does Miami have on the line besides Long?
we are pumped for your MKE branch!
Fun times ahead
should of came to school today , little nacho lol
is there an easy to way change how the username is displayed on your forum plugin? i.e not displaying the full email address
How dare YOU....all of you!
So are headlines with the wrong words apparently
Where's the league-leading Power Play goal specialist?
11:39pm??? Time for me to take a trip to this place called SLEEP :)
VM on your cell or an old school answering machine? It's always fun to hear messages on speakerphone.
Been working on it with , I'll keep you posted, my friend!
Cholesterol Levels in the U.S. on the Decline
We love Full House here too! We miss the 90s :)
Everyone is a photographer these days
Some of you can not see the journal questions on D2L. I have to re-upload them as .docs it's not a quick process. Maybe #UWMUITS can explain
I'm honored 2 be on a panel w/Dr. for the #Scripps Quality Summit March 9 talking about patient care & genomic medicine!
FOLLOW ME BACK LETS NETWORK
Denver Browns defeat Red Sox 5-3 and Uptown Browns lose 5-1 to Grays.
“: New ep of #PUNKD tonight. targets and Watch it with your eyes.”Can't wait!
Lonely at
NHL maybe? #whosleft NY vs. LA for the cup? Maybe Phoenix? IDK
Get me the ef home already.
Hear that. RT : the Tupac hologram maker should be president. THAT's the kind of shit we were promised in grade school.
ain't THAT the truth
So #FireLeyland pulls Kelly for a pinch hitter that GIDP's, and then puts the kid with the bad hammy in center field.
Hi we just emailed you links to our artists music, let us know what you think Thanks again guys! Much Appreciated!
RT RT : If you make your past your present it will inevitably be your future.
Hint for tomorrow’s awesome deal: It’s a protein powder packed with 7 fast acting creatine to help you put on serious muscle mass…
huge congrats on the race! Way to go!
So its confirmed.. we are the official sponsors for British Supersport rider Dean Hipwell for the 2012 season!!
Heading to the green mill in a few to hear dave douglas & co. awwyeah
I think part of the message from the report was the reluctance to install an apps. studnts want features native on phone os
Today..exactly one year ago i remember getting dressed for my 10:30am graduation. The feeling was surreal.
Get a mentor today if you want to be successful. "It is the things we do not see that hinder our success! (more info @ daryldorsey.com)
congratulations! I'm sure she's beautiful!
#ladygaga has some pretty dumb lookin hair cuts.
thank you: )
im not sad just feeling all jumpy :p
Youre not normal...
Nice work, BJ! By the way, and I saw you at Benelux on Sunday, but we didn't get a chance to say hi. So, hi! :)
If I had to choose "I rather have common sense" than be Smart! CUZ smart folks still do stupid shit
Merry Christmas to all of the College of William & Mary community from the Society for the College!
RT : This just in: & just signed on as a sponsor to keep #cfachi #IdeaHack moving forward!!
I will be back tomorrow!! So excited to see u guys!
I definitly need to check it out then.
The tax code is not your private playpen with which to pick winners and losers in the marketplace.
some girls buy shoes and handbags as shopping therapy. i bought a gas powered edger. ;-)
no!!! Tell twitter to fix this!
Bruce Webber said part of the reason he went to KSU was because of tradition
It's NOT Sunday? *In complete denial*
USA vs France in Women's World Cup 2day. 11:30 pregame, 12 kick off on ESPN. EVERYONE WATCH AND SUPPORT THE USA WOMEN!!!!
- she said go to social stream - not the chat :) thank you for pointing this out.
We believe that Buffalo is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)
": Too many putas on twitter, I'm taking my talents to IG" send em my way boss lol
Sadly, not. Thanks for saying so though! xoxo
Collizion crew went home:((((( aw.
"You had me at taquitos." -
I hate being tired all the damn time.
Great to have you in!
Full moons bring out the crazy
My guitar case just broke, what else could go wrong today? :/
Major Payne is Clearly on... Yayy
yo wiz I like that new song Mary 3x stay up tgod
Oh no!! Are you still coming to Chicago?!?! =\
Looking for people in Tuscon or Scottsdale area of Arizona interested in starting up a prosetsgolf.com rentals outlet.
i would but i dont know you bro.
Never b scared 2 talk 2 a Gurl the worst thang she can say is no
Yankees game tomorrow in NY, Lakers playoff game Sunday in LA, Ink appointment with on Monday then to Toronto on Tuesday...
Man had fun bowlin last nite
omigosshhh Roc Prince Ray And Prod they R so hott sexxy and all tht stuff i am having a mini heart attack
Got 5 different flavors on sale Flavors don't taste fake, love creamy texture. What a great find!
RT Getting in an arguement with a girl is like being arrested, Because anything you say can and will be used against you.
thats so mean
#iloveitwhen I can act silly around my friends...and they stick around. Yey!
oh my god that's terrible! Scary how some people get. Good thing you stepped up!
go away... or I shall taunt you again for a second time!
There are spots available for our PowerPoint Level 1 class April 4 at the North Run campus. DM us for details if you're interested!
Watching The Two Towers extended edition and working.
Leaving Portland now headed to the sunshine state. Portland I will be back. Yes
M, could really go for a Tampico popsicle right about now! How about you? ;)
Chastin West is trending hard...this kid can play some football it's too bad he won't get any playing time
It's easier to turn a friendship into love, than to turn love into a friendship.
lol might be a stretch, but I hope you're right. Grady needs to stop breaking apart.
When Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles a few wks ago, the timeline for his return was 11 months. Don't expect to see Terrell Suggs in 2012.
I just want time to go by a little slower sometimes
aww thanks man! Hopefully we can grow enough to go on tours with the bands we sponsor!
Are you related to Tyrone Hopson who played for Earlington , Ky. State Champs in 1967?
Silversun Pickups - Gun-Shy Sunshine <U+266A><U+266A>
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 20
love it.
Is that a band?
No, an already ridiculously long playoff format is needlessly dragged on by playing 2 extra games to achieve the same results.
The pleasure we obtain from music comes from counting, but counting unconsciously. Music is nothing but unconscious arithmetic. -G.W.Leibniz
Not sure about "for" part, but you might check out RAISING VICTOR VARGAS, QUINCEANERA, & of course, REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES.
Tate Forcier #5 - A Michigan Man Forever - Go Blue
Cam Newton? Really? WTF?
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Famalam you don't stand a chance hahahaha!
People that take their sweet fucking time crossing the street <<< move
They should give you a new name: George Forman. Because you're always up in my grill.
I love you, thanks for hanging in there with me last year, hopefully it will be a year of Love and prayerfully marriage
shit. dropped my socks in the toilet.
You walk around like you run the world, running your mouth and talking about me now. It's gonna come back around and you're just gonna lose.
Almost to the slopes chyea
Had free tix to see X with Ray Manzarek tonight at Slim's but passed...watching DVR'd Oprah and regretting that decision.
Heading down to the National Mall to do some #NPS Passport stamping with our bikes!
9 1/2 hours of sleep last night. I feel caught up now after a wonderful weekend. Be blessed all.
Hope to see you ALL @ Resurrection Sunday Service 10:30am Victory Church of God 224 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020 Hear NM News & View
curried chix salad or french toast?? Came for chili...clearly this is becoming a problem/addiction...
i so proud of you Vic! you are really talented and sweet.. you have come so far!! <U+2665> i love you
I have 2 free tix for the Panthers game in one hour.. I can't go since I'm working! Know anyone ? I'm at the hotel.
It'd be great if I could breathe out of my right nostril. Other than that, great weekend!
writing for personal fulfillment (finally); volunteer to help young souls find their voices in urban lit
ohh and when. It isn't hers she will be embaressed as hell. And if it is his she will be charged willrape
haha:) pretty name
#LBP #Herniated disc #Migraines #Women's health #fibromyalgia #chronic pain #neck pain #acupucture #chiropractic medicine
Why Stand Above? When You Can Walk Amungst. Walk With Me & I With You!!
yeah it was great :) wbu?
NEA PushPush Plannining program off to a much better start than first thought. Brainpower!
Back home in Vero.
IU shoots 58% in 1st half and still down 3?.... I like our chances in 2nd half
Great discussion at #mmtcforum on #Spectrum Crunch
Catching up on posts from when I was away. I have to say, I don't understand intensity of opinion semicolon debate in #JavaScript community
Congrats Sarah!
lazy sunday...
If I plan to have sex and enjoy it, I don't expect someone, especially the government be paying for it.
Off to Verizon to get my phone set...they need to fix this bullshit now!!!
#Samesies RT : I can't believe that I am still interested in the Bucks with the Brew Crew right on the horizon
wonders when vomit art will debut at an art house near me
Christina Aguilera is playing the no pants game.
I am always at the tail end of #TheGame I need the marathon ASAP
They are all terrified of Tami. And Tami takes pride in that. Having people afraid of you is not something to which you should aspire.
is compiling a list of good prof. resume writers, esp for IT leaders, #CIO. If U know one, pls share to .
tonight will go down in history as the great #trivia #fail of winter '12. but I suppose things could be worse. could be -12. ==
HJ, the celebs are here and u should b 2!
It's only preseason bruh.
hm, didn't know that. I like the argument G+ has to make experience different to avoid lock-in; this is their fail.
2 chainz ft Drake - No Lie >>>>
"I'm drinkin, I'm drinkin" #rumandredbull and it's nice
Moving day!
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
and I have about starting stack at the MSII DS Saturday nite fight, er, poker tourney first break
Thanks Roy. I hope you got some inspiration to continue propelling a digital shift at UW!
Joy every day! RT follow us back.. enjoy healthy foods and convey yr love to help people
So I text like 6 people something very random and 1 sends back something to make my day :D
Hey, there's this kid that goes to my school. He looks just like you. Just a younger version. I swear... Lol
sad sad :(
wow, we should get together and have a nerd 4way, meaning we watch game of thrones and drink fresca
just took my contacts out and threw them on the floor.
thanks for the RT love~!
Just finished the ebook Race Against the Machine (Brynjolfsson & McAfee). Important book. Technological unemployment but positive message.
Ay I gotchu. Ay how many cd's are left?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to not take anything for granted in life
Happy Mother's Day! I am so grateful to my mother who always taught us to live with integrity and follow our dreams. I love you Mom!
send your email address!
ah i feel crappy im about to be up all night :/
haha little late :) step up your twitter game!
Yeah, I try and bring the old car to work most days so I don't get the new one banged up, lol. Its bad to watch radar at work
Worst night ever, had one of mah bro's cut in the face wit a machete from some random as niqka, I should've popped him wit the brugal bottle
I heard that on the radio the other day! I'm voting for him.
New followers, please like our Facebook page, Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies, RT to your followers!
MY HAIR BLONDE.
Personal injury lawyers-WHAT IF you got better ROI from an online PR campaign & could decrease your traditional ad budget by 30-40%?
A great way to start off a Sunday is sculpting!
"I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me."~Galatians 2:20
Not crazy that Obama announces he's going to follow a new Republican idea at every
We have the whole crew at the field today. Much love
Damn it
20 more followers to 3,000, follow and ill follow you back.
When did it become OK for ESPN radio personalities to support teams on personal Twitter accounts and websites. Quality
Didn't make it to the meeting, but want to hang out afterward? We're heading to Laughing Man (1306 G St NW).
Michael Gass-agency websites-make it easy for your prospects.
#MyBiggestFlaw looks like everyone's biggest flaw is thinking & caring too much. We all have something in common (:
My cat loves me too much. I can't even handle it.
I cringe at the thought of individuals putting passwords in wills. It's simply not secure. Better planning is needed.
they're banned in my state - but I still have a bunch. they're not bad, but if you drink too many you can go cardiac arrest
Going OT...
#whatsyourburger the Vortex in Atlanta has the Bypass burger - WOW! 12/lb beef, 4 pieces of bacon 4 pieces of cheese and a fried egg on it
Thanks! I already had Dropbox & Evernote as I can't work without them. I'll check out the others.
thanks lady hope to see u @ ctlc
all you bro. might envy this a lil bit.
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for U.S. Olympic glory
Uh oh. K-Rod in a scoreless game
Not easily offended.
Hi Julie, can you DM want to set up an interview with you if possible.
Poor opportunities / Execution with R.I.S.P. is the reason lose
You take forever to reply... ;)
For anyone who hates on players after a bad move, think about how they feel. Crawford was still sitting at his stall after everyone left.
Making some progress setting up my photo blog, but slow going. Stay tuned.
grizzlies kickin they ass
All of our guest artists for Wintry Mix have arrived! Let the rehearsals begin!
loving that www.annachich.com is officially up and running!
: Internet Week in full swing. From #SMAC breakfast to #appnationconf panel
I just can't get enough of this Switchfoot CD Vise Verses.
What song annoys you the most right now?
This will make viewing of our favorite show...even better!
Did you see my facebook status today?? If not, you should.
Few showers this evening for counties along and south of 94. We stay mild overnight, 58° with scattered t'storms after midnight.
whats the background on your computer mate?
I was at work. By the time I got to a CPU they were gone.
congrats to Los Angeles Kings..on the Con Finals (and I believe) the Cup..glad to see it as long as CHI is out ;)
It's one of those ever-popular "check with your airline" kind of days - nasty weather forecast may mean some flight changes.
I'm not going to let this go.. and I WON'T forget it...
praying 4 u and your family Happy Mothers Day
I still don't fully understand Google +
RT #Revs Fun Fact: enjoys watching professional basketball & comedy movies His go-to film? “Wedding Crashers”
make sure you check out some of and 's #graffiti while you're out there!
All new followers over the next 15 hours into a drawing. Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
How do we win your shirts? :DD
Now wait a minute. There has to be someone with at least a little backbone at political rallies.
late draft underrated players by Yahoo IMO: Erick Aybar, Delmon Young/Austin Jackson, a few closers slipping too
Thank God I only have to go from Jersualem to Grenada one time.
Science Fair shopping list: vinegar, baking soda, and ...?
Worrying about the Uncontrollable's will only limit your ability & energy on the Controllables~
You're very welcome. We find your hats simply divine.
RT : Don't work with just anyone, value what you're building, keep it exclusive.
leave it alone, seriously.
Say It With Me ! "Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!
Playing the KJAZZ Twist restaurant brunch @ Hollywood Rennaisance Hotel with Mark Winkler, Tim Emmons and Peter Buck. 11am-2pm.
a lot of people owe me a lot of stuff >:( are you one of them???.
Awesome! RT "Bring Your Dog to Jelly Day!"
happy birthday lil cus:) he's a cutie!
you'll see something very odd!
healthy > skinny
): all i want to do is sleep for a very long time
its cuz she's a hornball when it comes to him! lol
Glad to find out that even though i didn't stay up to watch it (13 innings?!), the #Nats got themselves together and pulled off another win!
I'm not at school and you are! Nyah Nyah!
Our special of the day: Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa with peppers, onions, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes! Come in and try it out!
r my txts coming through idk if they are
The short answer is Jews.
“: 8322335191” call and curse yo ass out
teach me your ways.. You are my icon. I want to be as popular as you.. Please help me.
Scientists says Risk of muscle-wasting disease increased by Smoking Cigarettes.
Which will be the most watched on television? Last night's Grammys or next Sundays Superbowl. What do you think? www.vancouverwahotel.com
Spend time learning how to use the most Powerful tool you have! "YOU"
Austin, I see you! :)
I'm at population Zero
Yes but it's sure that he'll go to London. :(
Still no where to play basketball... I've traveled and searched too far. Ahhghh..
Enjoying #WAAL2012 and looking forward to presenting my poster this afternoon!
RT : Getting pumped for 's panel on #mobile and #cloud at today! Check it out!
Is that like a Dapper Dan Man?
five years
Give Estrada credit: he pitched 6 very good innings, but his 1 bad one was disastrous.
um, yeah. so that book that im supposed to be reading....
Hey bro, I was just hangin with your brother Rich at Brains this weekend!
RT “Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.”
just send it via facebook haha but i mean it's not helping anything talking to her like that LOL...
lol. I'm glad u said something thought I was tripping.
Anyone wanna follow me... Im alright with that,im just waiting for testing to be over here in school, Lets Tweet!!
Wut ever happened to Blind Fury?
yes it made my day! and I hear about em everyday! haha :)
The pigment in plants and algae that makes them green is known as chlorophyll, and is necessary for the process of photosynthesis.
Scott and the DWL team is at the int. Ga convention center. People are spinning our prize wheel and winning big!
BJ's music is putting me to sleep.
what are you getting?
yea ima look to see what I can find.
After only 2 episodes, #HBO has renewed the #Baltimore filmed #VEEP for a second season!!
love it! RD's have an evidence-based practice and are accredited. So, we rock. ;)
But yes, that is horrible customer service on their part. Like Verizon but, IMHO, they're the pricks of wireless industry.
Honestly while some directioners are like "Get in my bed now" and that stuff, I would just like to be very close with the boys-Kelly
One day I'll be a good girlfriend... But for now I'll be a happy single ! -Yasmin <U+2764> lol itztapa tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
LOL, Crossfit is amazing. I've taken a break for a few weeks and diving back into this weekend. Best workouts out there!
Baked me a raspberry cuchen for tomorrow's potluck dinner.
Austin has a dog named Angel :D
Shake and bake. ;)
for me
Purple goes with everything!
#MyPastRelationships included a boy who said he didn't think our age was appropriate.. yet his next girl was my age -_-
do some people not realize how ugly they are?
This budget amendment = OHIO GAG RULE #waronwomen Where's my free speech Mr. Chairman?
If a "machine" or interactive program (or game!) acts in ways similar to us "humans" - so we identify with it, is there a diff?
Just picked up a new from Ramjet Racing and omw to the game
yes you do!!! :) college is great, you will definitely love it!!!
Hey, everything alright? We haven't heard from you in awhile on the email about the Mellon stuff
#iHateHow spiders sit there on the wall and act like they pay rent
#Shoutout to new follower (:
I concur
Just saw #StarTrek -and it was absolutely amazing. It's a nerds return to Babylon. With more Explosions - Bones steals the show...Go See it
#bizforum It was nice teaming up with you and taking on
Have another Great show tonight, We all know how you puts it down
grew up near there. Crazy story. Going home this weekend & will get the local perspective.
then shhhhh. And stop complaining.
Too fly: Segen how many continents are there?" Segen: uh idk but there's a booger! *picks nose* Lmfaooooo & I dyinnnn!
Which song and who's the artist?
You always know, after shitty things happen, who your true friends really are.
Wow. Now that's worth the purchase price! So cool!
Going to put letters on dollar bills and give them to the homeless. Rick'rolling poor people since '91
Thanks youse. Miss you guys!
I have to say, tried chai last week, it's by far the best I've ever had.
Turned on the radio and it is a #whitneyhouston song. This will be the extent of my tribute.
Touching RT: Props to filmmaker who made Caine's Arcade for raising $100k in scholarship $ for a well deserving 9 yr old boy
Whoever coined the phrase Quiet as a mouse has never stepped on one
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.1245
At the Buffalo Beverage Exchange April 4, we raffled off 12 Brita filters. Those plus recycleable bottles are one good way to promote water.
PR Tip: Want to be on local TV? Pitch your idea to the weekend editor. Put “for your weekend news programs” in subject line of your email.
and just what am i gonna see
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
Dear POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP :)
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through the internet.
Crying and shaking a car hit me while i was driving im okay but still crying <-Kelsey xoxo>
las vegas, Nevada, U.S.A :)
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not hosting, but another big SoMe person is and they're trying to spread the word. Can I still add it?
im gone tweet ya later!
yeah....you"re DEFINITELY not doing anything this weekend cause you're "SO busy"......
Stunned face of the night may go to Sullivan after he realized he scored on that shot.
why can walking dead be on every day?
Sell our #RAFAplan in to your boy RO ": my credit card and id are still there from the lions-saints game..”
i wanna have a oovoo meeting ewith all of yall
Great to sit down with you today! :)
went for a killer ride with my bro on our motorcycles
Indianapolis Events (IndianapolisIND) thanks for the follow.
I want taco bell
haha yea right
SFS' Andrew Natsios speaking at "Sudan at the Crossroads" at Holocaust Museum *this* Friday 930a. RSVP to ASAP
Is it bad I'm starting to not like austin anymore it's freken Bieber all over again
NOT ALL RELATIONSHIPS LAST ON FACEBOOK!!!! THEY LAST ON TWITTER & TUMBLER CUZ THERE IS NO RELATIONSHIP STATUS LOL :)
Get off my nuts plzzz...
For Madonna's cougar sorcery. RT : Cee-lo looks scared of falling
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl... there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This show is a must watch.
Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons - Big Girls Don't Cry
Fired up for tonight or what?!?!?
Any idea when you guys are coming to Denver, CO? We've got a pretty nice test market here!
HAPPY MOMS DAY 2 U 2 SIMP HOPE ALL IS WELL ;-)
I Want an unicorn :33
hahahahahahahha chit up (Diego voice)
Anyone have juicy celebrity gossip? Share it on Parlor.fm! The chat feature connects you with other people based on your interests!
Cause when you broke you are consider a joke nigga .
São Francisco!
I agree with you
MySpace..& I have tons of pics, none yet with you in the band, I've been broke as hell but I'll see y'all again when I can lol
Is it just me? Or is it always the same guy drivin a Grand Prix?
Goodnight Justin! I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
honestly feel will just bleed further into "This Theatre vs. That Theatre" and not the whole community look he wants.
We are having casting auditions for the One Hand Clapping trailer this morning in Austin. Looks like a big turnout!
Picked daughter up from sleepover then dropped son off for video game b-day party one hour later in same neighborhood. I'm a living taxi!
Thanks man!
thanks jamie. I like your julia y julias blog.
Good Morning, everyone!
We're in the area and looking at the Prius. You are the closest dealership to us. Why should we buy from you?
then you can check me in places!!! :D
I'm not hard to find I just don't be where u be at
RT I Hate People That Dont Text Back.
Claudia don't talk to me no more
Spent a few minutes today at a shelter with super-strict pet adoption policies. Wanted to vomit. Got out fast. Senseless "euthanasia."
cos he's better
it's gloomy in Azusa!
Won my bracket group with 42 of 63 correct picks!
Cooking :) Not much but a lil something something
Howard's mother ends up in the hospital, why? Tune in to The Big Bang Theory at 6:30 to find out!
Giancarlo "Formerly Known as Mike" Stanton batting cleanup tonight.
NEVER! I will own both...
The Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Walworth county has expired. Thundestorms moving east, to Milwaukee by 11:15ish.
hahaha I love that movie! That moment is so great!
So drunk right now.
Thanks for the follow. Love your bio. Made me laugh before 8am so that is a good thing!
very sad indeed. you must always listen to the stomach flu...
who's immature, Andre Vs The Raaaawr?
Love Simon. Disagree on this one, mate!
ikkkkk 4 of my friends got it I going to kill them all and get there tickets
sorry sorry!:p
on what VCs don't tell startups: transition from startup to big company = transition = remove founders & bring in new leadership.
do little kids just like to fuck wit you mind? I mean u think they freak sleep and the pop up like that jack in the box
How you gunna play piss poor in game 7?
My boi just lost his girl & baby to a fire last night. Please keep 'em in your prayers. May they RIP.
APD says Samantha Koenig's whereabouts still unknown, but Deputy Chief Steve Smith says "Yes, we do think she's alive."
I take the middle of both
if hackers can find a way to send me tons of flowers on valentines day using my own credit card... I'm gonna go ahead and say yes.
Have an amazing St. Patrick’s Day Weekend, everyone!
Wowee. #Thunder basketball
I had sesame chicken & I spent 7 hours with a beautiful Yugoslavian woman, today was awesome.
At least Amy has tumblr...
Need a new bestfriend
Don't lower your standards. Instead, wait for a guy to rise up to your expectations.
tx for the follow
Work out then gonna get ready for work.
Loving Lenny Kravitz's gold eyeliner, Stanley Tucci's blue #manbun and eyebrows.
haha yeah, what was extra amazing is that it stayed on the screen for the duration of the evaluation.
RT : Last night was great thank u everyone that came to for next stop Chicago then Portland !!!!
REMEMBER GETTING UP !!?
I hate pen theives!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET YOUR OWN! I"m going to set up cameras here soon :)
meant 20yr fan
Wish I had Ratliffe on my LSJBA team.
CNN's FEAR & PANIC is PALPABLE !!! They're TERRIFIED, the OBAMA CORRUPTION will ANNIHILATE him.
Your faith has got to be greater than your fear.
I'm too bored in here too though..
me to!
Have you found us on Instagram yet??? Follow us!
If you like Zayn from One Direction. To & follow her, right now.(;
a little birdie told me: look out for a new site taking flight soon on the interwebs.
I've been killed by injuries on this team: Schaub, DMC, Andre
I love sammi giancola more than anything in the world I have been watching reruns all day and crying at the tv
i was late to work this morning it was soo hard for me to get up out the bed
Today sucks ass!
Me an maje jus came from zoey party... Maje had so much fun, an zoey looked so pretty!!!!!!!:)
Broadening our idea of &#39;giving back&#39;: Private sector-bound graduates can have an impact, just like their service ...
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 700 followers!
thanks for the follow.
Im so close to falling asleep on my cat and forgetting about the rest of this week.
OMG, cant believe I missed Noah's birth! Congrats! Just read a week of your TL to catch up.
Boo. Next time you are in, I'd love to bring you - you can talk about the local branch of your co. Hope CLT is good!
#lindanity kicking ass again
Don&#039;t give up. The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit. Just don&#039;t quit. -Penelope Trunk
QR codes cool but unnecessary outdoor maintenace since folks must have phone. Just make app like we did w/ www.gptrex.com
Lol. With or without chainsaw?
I did
There's a copter with the spotlight rolling this is like some GTA shit.
Michael is standing guard with the baker guarding the godfather at Atl Med Ctr after the attack by Brazini. Being shifte to new rm
i went hiking today at kolekole on (schofield barracks) with the homies and recordd and took pics will upload later...
missed deadline for Le Tour de Fort registration but we are still going COMMANDO!
That sounds like it's related to "Being Digital", Nicholas Negroponte book, circa.... 1997?
Where's all the funny and ? Miss your fun tweets. Happy Friday.
yes i am!
Our nights always end at steak n shake..
Honduras putting up a valiant effort on defense... Mexico throwing everything it has at them...
Another rookie deal done. Seahawks Pep Levingston agreed to terms. Follow
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy cinco de derby!!! Enjoy your mint juleps and margaritas!
Well let's fix that! Let me know when you'd like to swing by.
Mission Impossible 4 was amazing!! Highly recommend it.
#10ThingsIWantToBuy Louboutins, LV Speedy 35, 50 Shades books, Kindle, hedgehog, tattoo, Range Rover, plane ticket, Rock Revivals, reef tank
hahahaha uh my b-day was on July 27!!!
haha I like the way you think!
Hi I can see you what are you doing is that Fiji water in your hand
trying to get to 1,000 likes, help us out!
Exciting things are taking place! New features coming to our website. Oh & did we mention, shirts are being printed as we tweet.
Jones hits a solo home run to left field. #Yankees up 5-1.
Except it's not really morning anymore. Awk.
Get out of my mind.
We all know aramis rameriz purposely biffed that groundball so the cubs could win
Just found out I only need to bring about 1/3 of what I thought I needed for closing. Think I need a new bed.
NYR vs NJ great start to eastern conference finals in the NHL. Now some NBA time with LA vs OKC. #Kobe vs #Durant gonna be an epic series
Mint.com...I'm an addict--their's an app if you've got an iPhone, too!
working on my brochure ad for the Craft Bazaar. only 2 1/2 weeks away!
I love when coupons come in the mail at just the right time. An example of effective direct mail!
Forgot my
Rain clouds are rolling in...all the more reason to join us for LADIES NIGHT!! Ladies come in from the rain and enjoy 1/2 price drinks!
Come check us out on www.facebook.com/kinetikmetal. Or www.reverbnation.com/kinetik. Metal! \m/
Ask your buddies lol
pretty lights, mord fustang, glitch mob and big gigantic are musts in the rotation if you like David Guetta!
What an amazing birthday! Let the celebration continue :)
yes, we love you Tay.
Large and crazy, lol Text me!
#Jesus is all the matters.
Yeah. It was awkward!
Amazing news coming up!!!
Can't wait to get off work !!!
well me and are going this spring wanna meet up with us an hang out????
I have decided to be happy because it is good for my health. (Voltaire...right?)
me too!!!! I wanted to cry!!! Hahaha :( im still gunna watch it
Way too much irony for any day RT : Senior VA Tech cops and university officials were all in DC today appealing fine for...
Let's begin session I. Note: This session typically requires a lunar month to complete.
POSITIVE > negative. God has unlimited resources at his disposal. Focus on what HE has, not what you have.
Another fork in the road. Do I go left, stay "right," or just use it for my salad...?
Congrats on the award! Great story! :)
Love the food, wine and pastry selections at Tartine in Coronado. If they had wifi, it would be perfect.
when it rains it pours...and I wish I was referring to the weather right now
Brewski's TOMORROW !!
There doesn't appear to be any end in sight. Forecast is for pouring rain for the next week and beyond...bummer.
ttyl check ya dm an in check on u a Lil later
i am.....but i like having both. Lol. Its the best of both worlds. I love my blackberry!
we just have to corner him. Because he's quick on his feet.
Thank you Don! XOXO!
The instructions that come with these bracelets make everyone laugh
RT : "We're going to do surgery on the Internet & we haven't had a doctor in the room"- More "nerds" needed.
#momquotes "You look like a bag of shit in those trousers!" or "When are you going to grow up and cut your hair, your nearly 37 now!"
LOL RT : There are too many people saying "follow your dream" and not enough saying " you're not talented."
Finished up with #cbb2012. Another solid conference. Looking forward to some good conversation and dinner with everybody tonight.
#michiganstate you make me so so happy. Go green go white!!!!!!
Eat a dick taco bell those tweets ain't even real
“: Of course he'd miss an extra kick....in this game, of course. #Alabama, #LSU #BCSChampionship” EXTRA KICK. U WORK 4?
Starting the new year off by running out of time on an online assessment for a new job is probably a great omen.
Think of it this way: Bernadette Peters' daughter is offing herself while Angelica Huston hangs with a Jonas. What better?
It was a fight on the bus! Blood ALL OVER DUDE FACE & THE SEAT! TRAGIC! Buddy got his stuff CRACKED
I want another tattoo! I'm thinking 'never say never' anyone got any ideas??!!
HAHA love the face! Love you !
Today detox at hard rock cafe, biloxi, ms poolside - audio set - can't wait
MONTE COX FACE BOOK, CLICK ON COMPUTERS, LIKE BUTTON PLEASE, THANKS NEED AS MANY AS I CAN, FOR MY SMALL BUSINESS THANKS ALOT TWITTERS
WTF!! Do you know what Mexicans would love? u not using the old 1862 flag of Mexico and use the current on! LOL!
does anyone have own i mean personal blog ???? i think to creat my own blog but still thinking
You're welcome, Chris!! Nothing says love like a warm, chocolate chip cookie!
Well at first I thought it was ridiculous to believe so yeah no... :)
The postcards are great thanks so much!
better than a gallon of gas.
're only an hour late....no biggie
would you be interested in a short interview? I'd love to talk to you for my final M.Ed project!
awww, you making me blush! Muah, you're flippin awesome too, ya know.
Nice a lefty! I bet you will make a great guitar player!
Edit your settings on YT when you post a video or make comments on YT I think you can select to have it posted to twitter & FB.
Getting started with Chef. Is it possible that running a private Chef server is easier than Chef Solo? Feels that way. Counter intuitive.
posted such an amazing article about He's really inspiring.
standing room only for tonight's game. Let's bring it from the opening drop, boys
Cheers RT : A4 Sharp cheddar is great with a good bottle of shiraz
Sounds great. It's an interesting challenge.
Syria: Army 'surrounds Baniyas' days after Deraa siege
Cause I'm looking down at the super dome...gettin super dome
The Freddie Roach documentary series is really strong - worth checking out on demand.
I think the educator expense deduction has a low cap-not even close to covering expenses invested.
Don't know where I'd be without my mom. Happy mothers day love you
and your my first true love too... wait what
To cook and put out food for someone is an act of love. To feed someone is to give them life.
The house I just shot and posted, is owned by a cast member of Criminal Minds. Can't say who though.
Very cool! I hope you won't mind if I introduce myself if I see you at the fest.
Sometimes, when you're poor, being even a little generous does hurt a little. I'm a little sore tonight. But it's worth it.
but how was ATDI?!
RT if you sing asking Alexandria songs in a British accent lol :) I know I do and I sound terrible
Somehow I am not the twitter person I thought I would be.
hope mayweather gets put on his ass..
a wise decision, mr Hoang! And no Coachella for me, but will be in PS for some sun during it.
in denver next month & in louisiana for easter
was some guy in the background yelling obscenities? Or blowing a horn?
Bet I could break 82. In nine holes.
That cut that the sparkling cider lid gave me is actually a bit deep. It attacked me. xD
how bout something loosely based on a random family member or members?
July 14th hurry up!
#Knicks vs #HEAT Game 5 in casa is bout to go down 1 quarter at a time
my hair is getting longer since I dyed it back to dark brown. I AM SO DIGGIN DIZ
When did I call myself ugly? and your gorg!
Every CD that has is timeless #Respect ......from The World is Yours - Dopeman Music!!!!!
Who's coming to watch me Thursday?!
hahah well I'm glad:)
I Need A Refill >>>
Of course! Fun facts :)
I am so sad that I do not get channel 12 right now!
looks great!! I only wish that 2 pm comes soon! :-)
Good morning!
that whole episode was so good. so happy that parks got a full season order!
you be looking so good!
The HEB PLus stores do.
I'm dressed nice too so the world must be ending.
You can take boy out the hood but not the hood out the homeboy!
5 more days until CAN'T WAIT :D
But I must be wrong
Quoting : the reason why a sound system hums sometimes? Because it doesn't know the words. He'll be here all week, folks! LOL.
I just got so shitty about this realization...
Congrats to Christine from Ball Busters who scored the first goal in the new building
Sike. I wont judge though. Shit happens.
Trust me, it'll still feel weird this time next year when you're picking up your cap and gown! Exciting, but weird for sure!
Email me or call (949) 262-0110 if you're curious.
Man code rule #1 never admit to cheating on a woman she will never tell you if she did, plus she will never forgive you so keep ya mouth
smile please.
I hate these things. #BIRDS!
Always wondered how that worked. Have to get a Smart Tag!
Im up early everyday. By 4/5 at least.
The Great Diaper Debate
RT : "Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted" Albert Einstein
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating & Air. When your home needs help, call us, we care! 818-780-0701
How can you aim to #workfaithfully in and out of the office?
RT : Invest a few moments in thinking. It will pay good interest. ~Author Unknown
maybe something on creating web-based assignments in teaching? Or constructing digital archive with class? for us newbies.
Just kidding. But my buddy keeps asking me to go in with him to try and get some.
We're jealous! RT : Heading to for lunch at 40 Carrots. So excited for this #froyo experience :)
theyreall JAKE! SHUT UP AND SLEEP! and im all WHAT ARE U GONNA DO BOUT IT! so theyre like u wont see any unicorns
poor and a socialist, it's to be expected. If you're rich and a socialist, you are virtuous?]
All MSs are interesting! :-) Every last one.
haha! it will be. your austins toe best friend! ;D
I want to work with you guys ! I would make It fun
thanks for the follow
I am fairly confident that is the only coffee shop jammin' Big Moe and SUC!
dont want to go back to my grannys house. but its just for one month. uno!
Well now you do again!
if i'm James dean, You're Audrey Hepburn
On my way to #Vegas to write w/ my pops !
yes thankfully haha
Meanwhile, in the AHL, the St. John's Ice Caps have advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals against the Norfolk Admirals.
Please follow me I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SNOOKI
as long as you bring some thin mints and cornhole..
This beef between and is getting old. Squash it. W/o Kim, Yoyo, Queen Latifah or Mc Lyte there would be no lady rappers
pretty damn sure he is gonna dump me...
"I didn't want to do a very, very big book. The book is small and fat. It's me." -Alber Elbaz, re: new book celebrating his 10 yrs at Lanvin
Q4) Get used to saying, "Can you post that request/comment to [insert internal collab site] so others can weigh in"
This summer, I might just make an attempt at the N-word (that's novel, you).
Great win for #IUBB, they needed it!
how you just gonna say stupid shit like that
Call 6123748200 and dial 153. Intro to John Waters exhition @ the Walker Museum. Kick......
I know caitlin found it a while ago it was fucking great!
Craving Chinese food, um why?
Bars are = to Hugs
And it seems no one is really talking about it either. It's pretty awesome and it's happening to a great kid too.
Listen, I'm not calling her a slut. I'm just simply stating that if her vagina had a password, it would be "password".
The new Ghost Rider movie looks like The Mummy Returns in a leather jacket
I can't wait to be reunited with !!!! So glad the iphone is back!
It was a pleasure! I'm glad I could help out - thanks for having me.
Haha, k just definitely sounded funny.
idk but I hear they have meaty breasts
In the mood to throw on some heels & have dinner w one of the girls tonight.
I'm sure my grandmother is having a nervous break down in there with my phone and your updates.. D:
Steeped in the nostalgia of a collective past.
hahah , can ah Next week no training . We never see him (:
I don't want 1D to follow me cus I don't really like them... So no..
Hahaa... thank you. And so are yours! The fault is in the glittering objects :))
I'm pretty sure you have a very valid point! Want to organize something?
Spot trending now in , : Intelligentsia Coffee - Coffee Shop (live updates)
are cunks who love surf and turf
hola what have you been doing?
Oh how I miss the early days of Twitter! Times were so much simpler back in the day. Lol
mayne thats every rattched broad...same goes for the book of faces, snowbunnies is the worst tho fr fr
// You can't be. Hovering is always an option.
Don't think any made it our way.
Interesting. It's all public money: hotel tax, port, city. All public. Hm...
Seriously, can we do ANYTHING right?
Thanks for following us back!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
A rare #FF - follow for fabulous, *hilarious* political videos. This woman should have a *huge* following.
i concur!!
me too!! Stress!!
Just "fleaed and Ticked" Pixie. Now she looks like she has a mohawk!
wish you'd quit Instagram as colors so gaudy & untrue. Sort of like those Mag covers you're on LOL ~~ Love your music~~
Walking around the kitchen like pac-man when you're hungry.
Damn. I'd really love to get to London one day. Never been.
lol oh and its ok im team android too im just on my ipod lol
"He was pierced for our transgressions,he was crushed for our iniquities;the punishment that brought us peace was on him..
We'll be live tweeting our State Grants event in 15 minutes. Use #BIGrants to follow the conversation!
I have to admit piers I am gobsmacked at how pro america you are. Pleasantly surprised
now that you are on twitter what's next Eric Chavez' concussion???
British guys: You look absolutely gorgeous today. American/other guys: Dang girl you be lookin' fine tonight.
and because sunday
Just got off Project Audience conference call.
If you like short clips of news/current events, pop culture and just general fun times, you should probably follow It's swell.
I just realized why I followed you stand up comedy is my first love I am a Blazer fan and Lakers are rivals dont hate
Happy #GDC12 got u using Twitter. Sad it wasn't me who got u on here though. I have to work on my persuassion skills! ;)
come on...
Everyone was talking about #baldbarbie and #kony2012 on Facebook before media caught on, says
If being anonymous for no reason makes you feel comfortable, maybe you need to be uncomfortable.
I got some dope wheels for that challenger.. get at me
it's friday
My biology project is going to look AWWEESSOOMMEE!!!!! As long as I do it perfectly with a hint of perfection! Michael's Hobby Store=Perfect
Subject DC Water reports a water outage on Gallatin Street NE between 10th and 12th Streets affecting 26 homes for 4-6 hours.
. If the British team isn't shaking hands... What in the world will their gymnastics team do? #nohugging?
Some people just wake up angry
It bodes well for NASCAR's new digital partnership with #Twitter that appears to be an Arsenal supporter.
Advance Auto is building a new store there. Hopefully the first of several new businesses for Main Street!
oh I'm so very sorry Clive, my best wishes for them. And please "visit" often as you like!
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
Get up in her slots to a Nigga hit the jackpot
Taking your life to the next level is not always fun and it's for sure not easy. Preparing to be confronted.
concert looked wild but great on
That awkward moment when someone shuts you up...
Contemplating revenge fantasies that involve my 83-year-old grandmother creaming people at bridge
Jamie Johnson, who was Jarrod Uthoff's AAU coach, confirmed that Uthoff called him tonight and said he was seeking a transfer from UW.
Ok I have been at a golf match who won Chelsea or barca?
Robbie Gould epic #fail ! Nice.
Yes ma'am so good they HAD to. Have him say it twicebbb
Can't wait to get the rush in my pants at
the new single is amazing!!!!! Already on repeat!!!!
The penguins seem to be wondering the same thing!
heck yea. Return of the mack?
That's too bad. I remember marching in the NYC St. Patty's parade many yrs ago...what an experience.
snicker! Let me know if u get a ticket or if the sports info office helps. Go Aggies!
I guess ppl don't figure you're *actually* following them... :P
What a lonely place grief is.
“: kept it in to the last drop lmfbao!”-Hahaha...was dude stuck?
damn i hope she's ok...im praying for you and your family! stay strong!
it was brilliant.
Has any1 seen that 35 & Ticking movie? That movie Clifton Powell was a fool in that haha
how are you not overly obese?
You should see how angry he gets after listening to The Smiths.
Taylor is legit. Therefore, your argument is invalid haters.
Always keep your eye on the #target & move forward no matter what the #naysayers declare. SeanLetwat
thats #dedication right there! ;)
it seems that anybody with espn would realize that your personal feelings shouldn't affect your intellectual feelings
To be happy, make other people happy.
. Donald Hall's The Academic Self is really good on this. Becoming an academic.
enjoyed meeting you as well! Thanks for the QwipPic and stay in touch!
": Got tee times with my boys in the kings tourneys #swag"ya can't wait
CFOs love money, so marketers have to start conversations with CFOs about money.
Shoutout to amazing today's her birthday go wish her a happy birthday!
Listening to before I go to bed.. <U+2665>
Also, you guys and your silly 90+ degree weather! Hmpfh. I don't know if it got above 50 here today.
yeah I'm okay(:
thank you!!
Spring buyback is here! Keep us in mind when you're looking for that Summer cash!
Thank you so much for the feature, you did an incredible job with the article!
nice call on La Tech!
Thank You. Good to be here and always a pleasure to see you, Manon. RT : Hey glad you made James :)
do you think i look better with or without braces?
oh i meant o ask that to linda and the email 4 the believers mtng
Let's do lunch. Breakfast burrito & bloodymary for 10 bucks. Add chorizo for a dollar.
Good... Ready to pop this baby out.. but got 9 more weeks to go :) I made it to the semi finals for a makeup showcase! How r u?
should've texted or tweeted me!
We are on board! Take us with you!
OMG I KNOW RIGHT I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT.... AH & i love how mahone's still tagged in this watch him read
Q;You gone let me take yo virginity? A;UM.... Youu Killen Me Bro I Dont Kn About Thatt ?
I had to put over $45 in Harold the other day! I was pissed.
I hate red eyes
no you don't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
To Love God Is The Greatest Virtue, To Be Loved By God Is The Greatest Of Blessings.
Me too!
#furchat side note - we've used a bissel device for cleaning "accidents" and it's honestly the best, almost no smell/stain after!
Guys, is having fun in the sun. and im sitting at home in the rain/snow.
I really fucking need a better job to keep my living situation a float. I couldn't handle moving back home. Not now.
I'm half way on my goal , just gotta go harder and get to full status
Danny B gets his 6th of the playoffs!!!! Tie game
Whoaah check out what has in store for you tonight!
Omg! I never saw this picture before! nice throwback lol Janet sure was rocking them shades lol thanks for sharing! :)
our internet is still down in the #homeward office, but we are doing our best to keep plugging away
Great date w/ my son and friends at and
tickets please!
PLEASE follow shes so sweet and she follows back if you ask thank you!!!!
Is there a book in you? Follow and : author-publishing-social media tips daily.
Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus. SOMETIMES it is hard for us to understand each other because were from 2 different worlds.
Hi Patrick!
right ray my draft is tomorrow and I have done little to no research...help me!! Link to your draft guide?
Missed #edchat today because I was at the bookstore looking for ideas for next year. And bought Killing Pablo (Bowden) at daughter's request
Haha, thanks Ana! :)
meant u not I...ops. Well, if you're moving make it worth your while and move with a purpose:-) Have a great weekend!
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration. --- Evan Esar
4:00 AM. Can't sleep !
Thinking things will pick up tomorrow.
PickUpLine: I just got a prescription for Viagra. Would you help me try it out?
THEM HOES THEY FOR EVERYBODY !!!!!
miss you too! Miss everyone! And miss sleep! School's nuts, but should be on a more normal schedule by January. How're you?!
As long as you're okay, I'm okay too.
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others. Byron Pulsifer
March #2 at noon @ UCLA! #OccupyLA #N17 #OWS Today is the day.
is it wrong that i want to #askarne to dinner and just listen to you opine? and perhaps to take over Florida education?
Session topics so far include "Activating the Archive," "Crowdsourcing," "Going off the Grid," "Grad Training in DH," & "E-Publishing."
so excited bout my new song in two month
T.T its okay....lol
My Brother Gt Tha Chopper Nd Gave Me Tha D.Eagle Army Of Two Gt Straps Like We Legal
What a beautiful backhand saucer pass from Backstrom on that last goal
actually maybe getting my hair done tomorroww :):):):):):):):) FINALLY
Risk-takers R'us
you are the diplomatic one!
Love to! Day, time & place? The closer to downtown, the better. Looking fwd!
Driving on the highway is fun as hell
yea they suck the us lady pressed on my abdomen too hard very uncomfortable
Yes, go to Spago in BH and to Granita, his bistro in Malibu.
I'll Have Another. Who do you have?
Annette Martinez: Find those people around you that can support you and what you are trying to accomplish.
here and checked in! On my way to public meeting!
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
that is soo wrong wat a horrible person...i hope everything turns out okk for your friend:)
Damn PC... it might be time to finally cave and buy a Mac
State of the Union! Get on it!
The 1st blk president wife should be the best dresser in the world!
U r so very welcome. I'm excited 2 b linked 2 a legend u nutured, Garth Brooks. His mgr is renovating my plantation. Luv u guys!!
Still not sure what the #fireworks were celebrating. They coincided with me filing my tax return, but I have nothing to celebrate.
Lists make readers more aware of own inability 2 know what's in world - 2 move beyond sustained condition of partial knowledge
Nearly 60 actors attended the To Kill a MOckingbird Auditions this past weekend. See this show Feb. 24 -Mar. 4. (904) 765-7372
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else. - Bryan Adams
thanks for the follow! Really enjoyed your article in
Thank you in Colorado and in Germany for getting me to and over 200 followers!
I hate people that unfollow like why did you follow at first -_-
I bet u pick it up and put it in back in your mouth
Season 2 of Teen Wolf needs to come ASAP!!! The trailer is insanee! =O
you took this heart and put it through hell but youre still magnificent.
Congrats to Chandler Harnish, Mr. Irrelevant.
But be and my mom think it was right of President Obama
i'm so irresistible.
that would be the beautiful craftsmanship of Jon :P
Enjoying the lower humidity today - might be a good evening for a walk :-)
Chris Rock, this isn't the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City, cut your hair
Happy New Yrs too! And no! Why do they want you to delete it? How will I communicate with you?! :'(
Just followed everyone back who followed me thanx for the follow...shoutout:)
so i was just talkin to my bf about unlawful practice in the Jail, someone needs to stop them
I have absolutely no motivation to study for finals.
Crazy thing I learned while reporting today's story: ALL of the Prison System's records before 1991 are gone. Water damage, prison told me.
Take Synthroid, not the synthetic Levothyroxine.
birthday shout out? <U+E415>
Tell a story with your music! Let your music be the soundtrack to someone's life experiences.
where was you today at school...?
Ugh doing briefs for McCaffe again
MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL
If you're a #cavaliers fan rejoicing in LeBron's defeat, maybe it's time to let go.
Bet I got some weed...BET I GOT YO BITCH!!
haha I'll bring you to my hood... #WESTSIDE!!!
I don't get it.
This could continue -- a modern Odyssey.
Delgado is killing it tonight.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet oh wait, I already did that twice lololol
Wish I hadda big ass dog =[
"GMC was imposed on Sac County in 1994" Assmbmbr Dickinson
It's so pretty outside
Congratulations to former TWU Ram Brian Wanamaker for being selected by Fort Wayne in today's NBA D League draft. Proud of BWan and JB !!
We can get real caught up in church on Sunday but forget to live like Christ the rest of the week. #Application & #Wisdom vs.
well, did you make it?
Haha! You know it! (:
Boots just saved the day for
Everybody Wanna Text .. Me When I'm Doing Something !
at the capital grille with dr. z, famous ric and briana
I'ma be working my food service magic at 's big NYE bash tonight and would love the pleasure of your company. No cover.
Tom Rubin from Microsoft: Digitization is a societal good
Floyd is gonna train everyday during his prison sentence, come out and beat Manny
...the Birges would buy it.
wow... That's messed up...
Just left a small staff gathering to celebrate the new logo for the new website. So exclusive, can't even post the name yet! Follow!!!
Wow. This just gets better anbd better. Get the ginger ake ready...Hamilton 2-run blast in 10tg
inquiring about the Father's NOW grad class, volunteered to give them comp cuts. What happened?
Jen Bervin presenting "The Gorgeous Nothings," a fonting/transcription project of the Dickinson envelope poems.
Good God... is just such a negative person.
#Maryland already has! Check out #MD 's Genuine Progress Indicator
I'm happy to say I don't smoke weed. #Fuck4/20
Do whatever it takes to make it happen... make the Impossible...Possible!!!
PS - Would love to discuss / hear more about KK's triple-blind idea. I'm not buying it so far. Need to listen to an archive of talk.
Hi, how are you? What kind of stuff do you like to read?
When people take their bad mood out on you <<
Is racism responsible? Are African and Carribbean students not black?
#3wordsforyou I love Brandon
Just 2 fans away from 500! Vintage Spirit has reached their 500 goal so once we do I am giving away 2 fabulous prizes, as promised! <3
how u been lil bro?!
Oh my gosh its #FollowFriday, So watcha gotta do is follow the most amazing person ever, <3
MT : Expect traffic delays May 1st on Wilshire from San Vicente to Crenshaw due to protest marches. Plan alt routes, 11am-2pm!
Too Many Fish literally just went off for me. We must be at the same point in the album... haha
I'm back
Very excited to be here at #SxSWedu - if you're around come find either or
Thank you to everyone who participated in our first FOX Sports Grill Golf Tournament! And thank you FireRock Golf Course!
Your welcome! We're following you and look forward to future blogs!
Jacksonville steal march on St Louis. Justin Blackmon to the jags
did u get ur hands on our #GF version of goldfish? Check out 4 a gr8 #GF snack 4 kids! www.kitchentablebakers.com
Florida and Ohio State win today
On the bright side, if Chelsea do get through, Terry can't miss a penalty kick in the final.
school = sad Austin
I saw young adult. Charlize Theron & Patton Oswalt were both excellent.
U R welcome :]
So frustrating. It's like they forgot the workarounds they did before they were at the USDA.
It's sad when someone is so addicted that they can't see how bad it hurts them and others.
enjoying your #alamw tweets!
awesome take it as it comes huh
Not very happy cause he won't be playing next game. He's our best player this year!
heck ya! Gone every year since 2000
“What offer would you most like to see from us this holiday season?”
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize
drink, drink, drink. PLEASE.
G SS has changed how they publish SS since you wrote your tutorial about timelines. Any chance you could update it?
you need to go for him, alot of poeple are asking me if you guys are going out, and plus they say you guys are cute..<3 me too
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list. Has anyone else read it?
Green Bay is going to win
Still working hard..
Beautiful catch!!
Go Go Galway! RT : sending the rest of my information for NUIG on monday. SO NERVOUS/EXCITED.
#FavBeyonceSong Did trend this? ;D
I (to M, who is in the same room, via gchat..): "wtf how are you online i just heard you leave"
jealous. Wish I weren't working
that's your opinion :)
Free crib tonite who wants to come over nd keep me company
hundred Austin
#FF 3 of the Hottest women on internet radio can be found at !!! ***COMING SOON***
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Heartbreaker!!! 8 beats the 1! What a total disappointment!! What a weak playoff effort!! It will take a while to get over this one!
RT : I've seen the same cylie tweets on my timeline at least 60 times
8 in 10 Americans say "don't cut Medicare". It's not about "the deficit" or "gov't spending". And we need jobs! Can you hear us, Washington?
Hey! I love you, ok that is all.. #bye<3 x
why do so many people care why you're eating a flower. Like you do what you want.
Thanks everyone for yesterday. We had a great time playing for you!
#20ThingsAboutMe 11) & are my best friends !
Done with leftovers? Recovered from Black Fri.& Cyber Mon.? Our turkeys survived too. Read about them in Fran's blog postiing!...
Is it normal to bleed from your ears when watching a 3D movie?
- you look GREAT!!! next time you're in San Diego, come shoot sexy boudoir with me :) www.sherrymartinphotography.com
A few players have joined tonight for #MNF. Come by and say hello.
In the cut in the cut rollin sushi up
shit really?! that's scary!!
Oh no, I was trying to help you, but you wouldn't listen!
i txted u.
#Hanson in #Boulder in September lets go
sundays are so wierd.
Lookout Melissa is on Twitter! :-O
hope everyone had a Great Christmas!
New hat samples in the oven.. just received some pics will post a sneak peak later when I get back to a computing device
OH MY GOD LONG TIME NO TALK !
idk wat he c's in selena..but im happy 4 them.
good movie.
Thanks! Looking forward to it.
Crazy Twitter!
Thank you both for your kind words!
Having a barbque....Umm Im vegetarian.
we had a dog once that loved butter and would swipe it every chance he got... it'll be ok. :)
definitely! Name your time. I'm in.
Anyone know where I can get an avenged sevenfold poster?(: I really like that band..(: <U+2665> #2ndfavoriteband :D
I still have mine from 2010!
Shout out 2 !!! Your awesome!!! <3
thanks for adding us to your Optical list. How's the weather in Indianola today?
CAN'T WAIT till I go to New York Target so I can bring back Everything YANKEES ! Yes New York Target Has only Yankees Stuff ! Woop woop !
This week's gift pack winner is... (Can I get a drumroll, please?)
he tries to bite their faces off lol.
how ya been?
Yes the two free beers can be jack n cokes for you.
Little known fact, my first international house vocals were backing vocals on MuthaFunkaz production of Byron Stingly "It's All Jesus" 2004
Favorite sound-byte: "George bush really kind of gave me a lot of fodder to make art with." —Fred Wilson
Mutual admiration society! :)
Andre Ward is gonna light up The Town this Saturday!
congrats on your recent accolades, keep up the good work brother
Good morning world
Don't let your favorite rapper & celebrity negatively influence your actions,Let your actions positively influence those who look up to you.
whats up old friend how are things?
its early -_-
Hey Kyle go have a piece of gum and blow it out your ass!!
it feels like stacking the #media to ->
S is making us milkshakes.
I've never expected any type of gift from anyone I wrote letters for (and never gotten any). Is this a thing people do?
Gob would be so proud.
Wow I'ts Parade of Homes for Wake County in NC. YEA! Going basement looking.
Sac-torum gonna crazy with the theology-bibical-WW 2 crap! this is why Romney is a better candidate against Obama
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better [wo]man. ~Benjamin Franklin
Hispanic boy, leather jacket, pajamas, and cowboy boots. >>
tweets to Mena make me happy therefore she makes me happy therefore everyone is happy
I wanna go on a motorcycle ride with my Daddy!!
IKEA town? Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
I don't know why mrs. Gegners so nice to me. she tried to flunk me.. ?
I've been reading so much Henry Rollins that I've dreamt about him twice this week, and both times, we were romantically involved.
just give it a tappy tap taparoo
Hey hey hey hey smoke weed errrday.
": Done being nice and a fckn push over. Some people don't realize all the shit I do for their asses, its sad."
"Don't trust too much. Don't love too much. Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to one of my favorite people in this world , even if she is the ugliest! Happy Birthday Hoe! #loveyou <U+E022><U+E112><U+E335><U+E312><U+E310><U+E10E><U+E32E><U+E337>
Thanks, Heather! I try to toe the line, even when I'm frustrated (like when teams of three turn into teams of two).
Freshman bball practice canceled today
Happy Birthday to my love
It's a shame you couldn't here here in the USA on one of those days because my B-day is on the 21st.
This nigga is screaming down stairs... Must be watching the game lmao
After lunch at Subway, I'm headed to Morrell Operations Center or the MOC to get battlestaff ready for Atlas V rocket launch
Integration of video, external sources.
so convinced my sister's little "best friend" is a lesbian and in love with my sister but no i don't know anything
can't just show up to a championship...
sox should send Iglesias to mets for D wright & youk, Lars Anderson to marlins for Hanley
Are you coming to #Drexel today? We miss you!
"Small Data and Personal Identity Management" panel is a "crossing the chasm" experience with on the innovator side
welcome to the world of twitter!
Excited to go to #Packer game next week. More excited for my niece and nephew, since this is their 1st game
it ain't lame err body need err once in a while. Even your greatness
picked up a peavey XXL amp a few days ago. I now call it captain crunch. this amp sounds killer through my marshall cab.
aaahhhhhhh u just twitted no way ur never in twitter OMG
Good Morning to you too!!
I WISH and COULD TOUR ONE DAY. THAT WOULD JUST BE HEAVEN
Don't forget to vote for your favorite recipe, only 6 days left to get those votes.
heading to the radio station to broadcast the Portland Timbers Game!!!
Wonderful reminders from Dr. George Lee & Dr. Esther Park-Hwang on plant-based calcium sources.I.e. Kale!
Getting pumped for another fun night!!! - Jensen's show @ Dragonfly in Hollywood!
Thanks! Am having some now :) : Love this!
Isn't this #Tupac #Cochella video a stark analogy of what America wants its black bodies to be? Present but absent. Contained & controlable
u now have my vote!
I agree... Never again man. NEVER!
It's HAMMER TIME!!!
Hey everyone! Be sure to follow my new account for the inside scoop at event planning!! xoxo
thats what she said
Fri Quote: In honor of Dr. Seuss's birthday. "The sun did not shine...."
boy quiet playin ill beat you at school cause you no you love me <3
I want to do something amazing for our first year c:
I wanna see it on tv lol
We recently got more dipsticks in starting at $5. and also some flexible ones starting at just $21.00. Both Oil and Trans.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 27
A #WISE woman will build her #OWN house and a #foolish woman will rare her house down
You can still help! LePeep's coupon to donate 20% of the cost of your meal to the Indiana AIDS Fund is valid for 5 more days....
Yes and there is still 's study session tomorrow at 7pm in LS 111.
Thanks! FANTASTIC wkend full of festivals, world leaders & poison oak plants. Hope yours was equally as fun & also rash-free.
I've seen worse...
RegisterPatient salutes #JackieRobinson for breaking the color barrier in baseball and professional sports. His legacy endures to this day.
your tweets to the Jonas brothers are hilarious!
we are more connected to our surrounding spiritually than most are aware
I really have to stop getting excited everytime my phone goes off because it's never you.
So maybe i'll be putting a cover up soon? Stay tuned :) <--- hey that rhymed haha
Long Day Today, Long Day Tomorrow
Waking up to a frizzy ass mess
#skullgirls is really fun. My arms are tired now though from all the mashing Night night world. TNR tomorrow at !!!
Dam tosha bogus
Donna Summer, 'Queen of Disco', has died at age 63. Does that mean that disco is officially dead?
what's decision process re: whether content goes into ad or onto fb page? or do you comingle?
I'm glad I took this day off from school (:
Nice product comparison website: www.compare2save.net
Happy National Cocoa Day! So grab a mug, lift it high and here's to cocoa!
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Where are you heading?
lmao people are asking her how big jerry is and im like STOP
": Yeah, that idiotic argument is rendered irrelevant. RT Anyone still think Spygate was worse?" Jets fans obv do..
Oh never heard of her! Only Follow me!
Harrison Barnes is the shit! omg!
Today has already been a day of waiting. And of being late. Not necessarily in that order, but sometimes in that order.
YOUR THE MOST ADORABLE BOY IN WHOLE WORLD AND SO AMAZING AND AWESOME AND I LIVE YOU SOO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME<3<3<3
I'm a descrase to all mexicans for not knowing Spanish!! :(
of course im following and im in Cleveland
And I completely understand if Saturday doesn't work!
I forgot everything. D; Like for reals.
If you love someone, tell them cause hearts are often broken by words left unspoken <3
my cat got the first one for me; second went out in the trash. No sign of any further little dudes.
great! Yeah, we had our oldest first big birthday party in February. It was fun but lots of peeps and kids in our house.
you tell them my girl! :). What you doing?
#orioles third base coach has been about 100 percent this year on sending guys. Has he gotten anyone thrown out at home?
Getting my braces tightened should be fun..
cause I graduate in 4 months ! I get my car back from the shop today :).. christmas breaks in 2 weeks its just all exciting :)
"A fool and his money are soon elected." Will Rogers
have a good day ttyl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Rock bottoms where we live
Dang. I could've won 's contest but i spelled it wrong D;
KENDALL! Ever since I saw him in person im like, I'm inlooove haha and 1d, right now it's Zayn, it switches though haha
We locked the doors....now you'se can't leave.
Feels odd, waking at 4pm,Any job is a good job. Work 6pm-7am. Have a fun holiday & B SAFE. Don't wanna call out codes on ya butts tonite!!!
science might be the greatest thing we have in this world
Did I not say I would own this night? Positive affirmations are what's up.
kk cool(: awesome
Learning to just be
My house smells like Hazelnut Latte...and not because I'm making espresso. Waking up with Scentsy is the best way to start the day!
haha you are very right! Definitely on my wishlist!
*steals mic* Hold up Beyonce ima let you finish but, had the most beautiful baby girl this year! (kanye voice) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Apropos Sarah Palin: is "stupid" the new "smart"?
Zing! ;) RT There's a fair chance of that happening on any given day, isn't there? ;)
RT “ R.I.P. & HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin .”
Learning about the psychology of the social consumer from at
how can't you see it? its right there!!!
well that's not good!
So far, callers have donated $407 totally 212 meals for the Denver Rescue Mission. FEED THE NEED!! THX!
Happy birthday to
Will snuck me into the vid shoot yesterday....
I'm cold. Why didn't I bring my jacket?
No kidding. No bad weather on our trip in, fortunately. Looks like another warm one today.
What is your email?
Watching #bigbangtheory. Can't stop laughing (or crying) over how real the show represents a subset of science/engineering grad students.
city? We got the best street team in #nj the #smashbrothers#deadendkids Lego! Need beats? Hit
Haha agreed. We'd love to see it at the show but don't think Fiat is planning on bringing it :(
Everytime that Durant commercial plays, it sounds like he says "Doo Doo Jump"
San Diego Reader | Review: Chronicle
Ugh, isn't it too early in the year for me to be constantly scratching mosquito bites?
that shouldn't even be a question!
In costa rica.. Leaving tonight at 8 and then heading to Honduras :)
Food as Medicine @ UNM is over, Herbalism 101 starts on Thursday!!!
Well I'm sorry! But it just keeps raining over here! How is it in VT?
I talked to Harry Styles on Omegle last night~
Woot for Trees!
sleeping in my mommy's bed >>>>>>>>
funny thing is my style improves daily for i learn everyday. cant judge a past of untold futures ;-) I will be the greatest. I see it too.
Im craving my bed lol <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
suddenly I feel under dressed.
Our airport code is MKE. We also have an Amtrak Station here at the airport with service between MKE and downtown Chicago.
I am hoping it means building stronger brand communities...
i cant wait, until middle school is over, and i start highschool <3
O my gosh!! iam so excited u'll have to email me all the details of coarse i'll help! Hope this means your coming to visit !!!
re: last tweet, do veterans in Vietnam experience status increase due to their service?
Almost the weekend! What music shows events are you going to this weekend?
#ThingsThatINeed love, money, music & god (:
no fucking way. Bett!!!!!
I'm not tired, why
At basketball tryouts. Can't believe how much Kayla has improved in a year! I can't wait to coach her again!
Don't get how a lot of scene kids leave the house like, "Yeah I look cute". You're wearing neon purple pants. You're in a Jane Fonda video.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
He sucks Ultimate Warriors mothers ass, not humble
You'll love it! And make sure you stay until the very, very end. It's awesome
Check out one of the best bars in SF!
my mom started to tell me something then she stopped midsentence. i was like what? and she was like what? .......WTF.
": rite chea taking a hard ass test was going on with u when u gone come vistit" idk bra idk, soon thoe
Hi Charles. You were a guest on my radio show this year. You coming to Indy? If so, stop by the curling demo in SB Village.
TODAY I SAW it was amazing and it was crwoded in tincychat it was aamazni i luv u jacob always will <3<3 peace&luv
Always got chose, neva been a chooser
Is this game already over?
Yeah you chuck them, huck them. I say fuck them
Thanks for “Monday Night Live” mention!
Asian markets rise on US, China manufacturing
First, you've got to believe in the existence of "digital natives" RT Digital Natives Are Slow to Pick Up Nonverbal Cues
ok ok I will but it will be a surprise when I come :)
Just "rad" and don't forget stellar. ;)
Such a beautiful day in OB!
A Pinto signified sadness, a Pacer, pure desperation. Especially one with the "sport" package. :)
3rd day at the Illinois clinic with Don Kelbick. Some really great stuff. Simple and great.
i did
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2752>Stunninq <U+2714> WHO CARES , I’M AWESOME !!
add me on facebook :P
- Just ordered a sample, will let you know.
Can't wait to hear your's& drake song :3 avdshvdkvx like i have been waiting so long for you guise to make a song together :'D
Hey ask Paul Allen what he thinks of now!
friend just exposed me to local #Buffalo band - real great sound. actually playing Nietzsche's this Friday …
Men can't hide ANYTHING from me, I don't check cell phones, social sites nothing I'm just too perceptive for all that bull lmao :D
A sad day for the City of Boise. Our hearts go out to the Appleton family and all Micron employees.
Imma dog, & i eat that dog food. Imma G & i put red on all my shoes.
I feel like no one really cares about me<\3
Crunche the family turtle just passed away, my daughter tah-tah is crying; he is in heaven now...........
Santorum speaking at Beaver Dam Elks Lodge.
I'm definitely guilty of that!
It's that time of year again, when we start to eat up DVD's like they're candy! Happy 2012 Wedding Season ya'll! :D
On our way home back to Chicago. Putting a close to #gswedding and welcoming #marriedlife. :)
I just wanna thank you for such wonderful songs and I can not stop listening you. Can you follow me, It means to me Alhamdulillah
that made my stomach drop. I stopped checking my Yahoo (the designated junk account) for that very reason.
What did you think of the Mad Men opener? Worth the 2-year wait?
Thanks for RTs, Scott!
a full day of meetings for pending UWM web redesign....and I forgot coffee :(
I love a good travel deal!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Getting more visibility is not just about "how to get on TV." It's about your personal image, your brand & platform.
lol im right down the street?
Shout 2 dem boys Had a good time at they yo 2nite wit a room fulla musically talented dudes! Lookin forward 2 workin wit dem!!
Totally agree with you.
I need you to text me your cell number. I have my new phone now!
I saw Mason Jennings/The Pines play here a few months ago. Great show.
Thanks for your donation and twitter shout out- can we use a screen capture of it in our blog? Thanks!
Everything happen when you find your purpose and you live on purpose!!
Insane week ahead, and running on empty.
D3 good luck wishes extended to J.O., C.M. & P.W. today!
I consider myself a professional at stealing the covers from my girlfriend while we're sleeping.
oh god, my followers probobly hate me for spamming
About ready to head down for my panel at #sxsw follow along at
And I now realize I'm late to the conversation.
I haven't performed anything since this pregnancy....where?
ah.. Ya no good.
Can’t come to us? We will come to you! We offer most massages and several treatments at our client’s own home
building a time machine. Gonna hit the past and yell at myself for not being more productive.
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less.
Best waterproof rugged cameras and camcorders compared
Met Seth Godin () last night. Kind of a pompous asshole. Regret saying anything nice to him.
late birthday shout out!!!!
aw that is cute
Also joining tonight on guitar, Jonathan Meadows on bass, and JBDrumz on percussion.
You can't stop me no-o-o-o
Nova's only mistake of the game so far.
Dang it. Now I have to get used to Austin being in a different time zone than me.
those kind of women give all of us great girls the name "crazy".
Well I don't see you defending your statement here so....
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy is trending on Any help on this subject my fellow twits? Or is it tweeters? How do you keep someone happy?
Thanks for the hamburger drop Wendy's... but I'll just eat my fried rice w/ tofu
Soulful music in the morning is like drinking a big cup of coffee. It opens the eyes and gets me ready for the day.
What baseball really needs is more Australian players. It would make my job even more funner than it already is.
I'm tryna clean and make pancakes.
Would you guys like free promotion? Please email me at to get started!
In my country it's like 3:20 am
not yet but i'm looking.
Party in the produce section!
RT : Every word of God proves true; he is a shield to those who take refuge in Him. Proverbs 30:5
is my bebe
NO DCS IN OUR LEAGUE LMFAO
“: Rihanna new song” Even though your grammar and syntax suck equally, ok!
Going to a party in Washington State where my old friend lived and about to a rich ass white kids house. Its going to be hella awesome tho
I wanna get 700 followers!!GO GO GO!!! I'll follow you back!!! :)) :D :** <33333333333333333333333333333
u never on wen im on
@ obrien, affectation and superfluous ornament
I honestly don't know what I'm doing here.
You are going to do something else "mas" in the bathroom later.
WHY AM I STILL HERE?????
It is! Been a busy day of fighting! RT Is that why you were running across campus with the dn? :)
you are going to be so jealous of my christmas present from anne :)
Thanks for the shout out and the opportunity to
How #many of your can actually say your been to festival? Its not a rap show, rave, or strip show. ITS OUTTER BODY Experience
I know I'm a freak.. I thought that was why you liked me..
10 Tablas Creek Côtes de Tablas. Complex, beefy, spicy. Black cherry nose & palate. Licorice, balsamic, mineral. Youthful. 90 pts
yeahh she like made up the last part on the spot hopefully it gets better.
you're welcome c:
I love your answer“: Because most people in the USA don't know how to drive stick without beating the crap out of the car.”
I'm not gonna back down from my belief. I stand for what is right. My guideline is the bible. I quoted a bible verse. Don't get mad at that.
the party is coming to NH. details soon...
Are you prepared for if your power goes out? Research and pick up an APC backup device. Protect your computer.
Hey ! In LA this week & some1 out here just raved about u & they eat there every trip to Chi! Will stop in when back home! :)
I think the camera man was somehow always standing on a hill. Maybe one leg is shorter than the other?
"Who's Vice President? Jerry Lewis?"
cool things coming together for this spring... announcements soon!!!
very nice! thanks for sharing the UX slideshare :)
Thanks for the RT , tried & it was delicious #Vegan pizza and amazing service! Can't get any better!
When you have the perfect chance to kiss someone but you don't <<<
Hey maybe the guys can help you figure out what to do with It's time to change the way you think.
Our amazing is hosting an open mic at Cornerstone Cafe in Clintonville tomorrow from 5-8! We LOVE youth musicians!
Is that code for "cute Asian boy?"
will be in Istanbul next Wed - what should I eat?
could not agree more. I was just talking about pumpkin ale season yesterday!
2 new interviews with him coming this week! Be sure to stay tuned!
you shoulda gone for coffee or breakfast at Denny's, perhaps.
Proves what you know! Not if they're completely different audiences that don't overlap, yet should receive the same message :P
Start everyday by saying goodbye to my mom and saying I love her.
me because it's my birthday :)
ahh a cold beer and a quiet home. This just might be heaven!
Sure, lets go with that lol. Although we both know im the polar opposite of normal lol <-Kelsey xoxo>
NYC Fact: Thomas Willett became the first mayor of NYC in 1665
Just endured a sit-down "We miss you, we want you back" schmooze chat with my former employer. I already needed a shower, now I need 2.
Thanks for the follow ! We're looking forward to colonizing at #American this spring!
I really hate myself for falling this hard on someone who I know will never be mine.
T-minus one hour til the grand opening shindig. never thought this day would come!
I hate Gilbride! Who didn't see that exact run?!?
Ilya Kovalchuk scores on the power play to make it 3-1. Wow.
Michelle Apodaca discusses the effect of budget cuts on healthcare
Exactly how does one get a good read on what's relevant to the community?
I'm going to be saying "I don't know" a lot today, I really don't want to think about anything.
ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE ME
Awesome Yael, looking forward to seeing it! :-)
Embassy Tour - I have to be there at 9am.
Oh lol, not good
Indian food w a cold carbonated drink = BAD IDEA!
yo you beach life
And they're off! - The Times of Israel
I'm as cheery as EVER, Alex! And sorry for the late reply. I sorta kinda hate Twitter, even though I have THREE accts.
The SDPL continues its Downtown Verse poetry and spoken word series with SDSU MFA students on 5/14 @ 4 pm in the Central Library Lobby!
Didn't watch game, saw highlights. ManU has won 4 times in last 6 years and won game today too. Next season...
Come Out 4 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic this Saturday 4/7 @ 12p on Haulover Beach. There will be free food, games &music
that's right, small victorys r jus as gud as big ones!
disheartened. But hope you break a leg. Can't wait to hear your results!
I want to shake all of the tiny sweatshop hands that weaved my Triscuit.
Flowers of Candy in Sun Prairie would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holiday!!
Can't fuckin believe some people
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific
I'm pretty excited to read The 99 comic book. Every child needs a superhero. should be on #AJStream orange couch :)
I can't believe I'm in the same room with Harry Belafonte and Charles Ogletree
Yesterday was a wonderful day. Hit the kickstarter minimum. Our director got a turntable.
thank you <U+2665>
wel cuz yesterday was my 1st day of middle school so wen I came home I fell asleep on the floor while cleaning my room and woke
Where my food at man ?.
will do!
I just finished a 4.04 km run with a time of 24:22 with Nike+ GPS.
haha I had to ask my mom what day it was >.<
If I were the rains, I'd wash away the whole world's pain and bring the gift of cool, like ice cream trucks on sunny days.
Movie time -Avengers <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>-<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Reminder to potential participants- 2011 UnionDocs Collaborative Program applications due by midnight August 1st
of course...
...I know, right! it's like waiting for Santa to appear! ...only hairier....And with fangs...
should we do a hubspot assessment before and after the redesign? Web Site redesign
The good ol after work nap<3
well yeah....
those are reproductions that are glued to a garage door to show the humble origins in a garage in Davenport, CA.
can anyone share an interesting movie title? Looking forward to enjoying a quality film.
I could really use that drip you were talking about this morning haha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
The fact that me and can message on Skype but cant just text. -_-
So much damn jet lag... -____-
u guys make the best pranks calls ever :)
Yeah, I've been listening to them all afternoon. My new fav rock band.
Playing engineer for the Kentucky News Network Broadcast of the Kentucky Hugh School Boys Basketball Finals. Trinity looks to have it won.
I've been arriving everywhere early today! This must be what happens when the day starts at 8am!
#ThatDepressingMoment when you have nothing to say or nothing said about you for
So..much..History..Channel.
#Top100Lies "she's just a friend, you have nothing to worry about"
On the 10h flight to Honolulu, looking forward to catching up with old friends
Well done documentary of Bill Clinton's political rise/fall/rise on - look for re-runs
Havin one last beer at my favorite bar in Decator.. I'm gonna miss $1.50 domestic bottles everyday of the week. Back to Plainfield..
ss. It was Bush's fault, not Clinton's. Bush had intel on 9/10 & sat on it :)
D12 leaving 30 Mil on table. Agent tell D12 "make it up on endorsements." TO got advice from agent. TO now broke as hell.
Corporations are people; unemployed millionaires are people, too. Don't tax them!
Plenty of time to see me for Showtunes way before it rains overnight!! Do it!
Just registered with a site called www.digusout.com They list Companies in the US who actually make products here and we are glovemakers.
If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.
Perform surveys and studies that make people feel important
I still can't believe and I ate a whole pizza by ourselves today.
I, on the other hand, love them!
Blackberry in the toilet. Happy Monday to me.
My twitter crush would be In a tie with these four<U+2764> :
Congrats to #Twitter on their new office Downtown Detroit in the Madison Building! Welcome to the D!
I really don't think I've ever wanted anything this bad before. I need to get up in the air.
life,friends,a place 2 lay my head,n food 2 eat!! QOTD: WHAT R U GRATEFUL N THANKFUL 4 ?!?!? *RIP Mama Jean missin u so much <3 <3 <3 <3*
#RAW starring Brock Lesnar? Please, he can't carry Raw like Not even close.
haha so true... been in a drought for awhile haha!
Do you think that a website drives good social media or social media drives to a website? Thoughts?
must taper! Save yourself so you can kick butt and not sound like a metronome shortly into the race! ;)
Its #CincoDeMayo..whats the move orlando?
Do a little research on the subject. Even black leaders & economists admit it. There's an epidemic of crime in black community.
Um, about that? and I don't know what it is either.
Getting into the shower
Did you know that all Tenn-Share Board meetings are open to the staff of our member libraries? The next board meeting is on Oct. 27 at 6pm.
Keith's paradoxical commandments can evolve.
agree! It should be a state wide holiday!
We're digging your FB page! Will you be on #TTOT today?
Right now i could say there's not a single person i care about
hook a brother up ;) haha
Nice comeback ladies:)
I am not just another toy you can play with wen all your other toys are broken.
urs is one of the sickest ones on the globe!! :D
I don't know/: I just feel that way :p
This day has just flown by! Can't believe it's already 3pm. Off to visit my good friends at !
Diamond Stone playing well for Milw. Young Legends. Very good passer for a big.
love it! The iris close-up was in the field house - I'll show you when they email me mine. Just a really cool detailed eye pic.
Packed house at Toyota Center tonight for Spurs vs Rockets. We get to 6 in a row tonight and only a half game out of first!
"Good morning" "Good morning" "Do you have something against me?" Da FUCK? Lmfao
are you concerned that Aioli might have been right all along and you will have garlic egg on your face?
Study tables went good! Time to eat then workout after!
word? With who?
offense is well rested now. Let's see a Cutler/Bennett hookup here because
i was a "clean teen" mmkayyyyy
Fear the Spurs, Coach.
why no pictures today
now #CLIPPERS down 6 with Griffin going to the line for 2 FTs
:( who unfollowed me?
so depressing
go to DD
Its clearly the battery.
So what's under your tree? We have cultural tours & poolside fun, island dinners, spa, nighttime #Manta viewing - hard to wrap but awesome!
costa rica?
Those that've used self storage: shod I invest in plastic bins or is cardboard 'enough'? Not sure if temp-controlled.
Just discovered -- you guys are spinning good tunes constantly! Thank you!
Chapter 12 of "The Glow Stick Gods" by should be placed in every hotel room in Chicago. Required reading for all tourists.
that sounds like a very un-happy birthday.
Still listenin to music...
you LOVE him? youve never even met the guy haha
what's going to be funny is how her mother spins this.
encountered an eyeball in the entryway earlier. I wasn't put off, as it was a paste-on plastic peeper for a puppet.
I will give you money for an alien queen shirt -- do you have them there?
Eternal hope: um
thanks buddy :D
Or, of course, we have tons of crab cakes and other crab items on the menu in our main restaurant at the Power Plant!
#Belly (where you check in to earn points for sweet rewards) <3's its followers. RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
Even better idea... put each of those social plugins in a jquery ajax wrapper and run them that way. Page loads, then plugins
Top of the morning NYC ... planet earth ... Aliens
what kinda work?
is killin' time before work.
‘s bloodmobile will be at Super Jock n Jill at GreenLake from 11am to 2pm
God bless the women who wear transparent clothing.
Time again to OccuPie South Lake Union. Your #lunch needs #pie!
Do you bet SIX MILLION DOLLARS?
We will forward this to the Regional Trainer. Can u DM us your servers name or table number?
That's an awesome photo! Where in the #GrandCanyon were you? I'm taking my 1st trip to the north rim in May.
I ain't ask all that, just let me touch yo' belly.
- Wouldn't shut down after 7 events since he's only good for 3 quarters ?
hey!(: I have a question.
aw yu stop being so cute!!
oh god, yes, it was by tavia nyong'o and it was the best, hang on a second
Thanks for sharing!
YEEEHAAA! It's $10 Sirloin Saturday at the Cow! Git on down here and enjoy the patio. Giddy Up!
did the product ever make it to market? I thought it was just a concept. If the former, I'd try it in a heartbeat.
“: it smells REALLY good in my room” can i smell
that doesn't make sense,
worked for major airline but LOVE southwest - they get it right.
What are your early Oscar picks?
im honestly not 100% sure if to believe Jelena broke up. their even saying it on facebook...
#RITBrickCity How are you getting dowtown for the game? Free shuttle for anyone who has a #RITHockey tix!
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! <U+2665>PLEASE TWEET ME <U+2665>PLEASE
` i can only do weave on occasions, i`ve only worn it twice. graduation & one of my birthdays but other than that im
ahem ahem. you're**
Working on your ball handling for at least 15 minutes a day will help you dramatically improve, no matter your position.
you def need to work on your bag slapping skills.
Yet another reason to love 24K spray tans - The weather may flip flop in Tulsa, but your tan will be consistently beautiful!
You still looking for someone? I am happy to get you in touch with the producers, if that helps!
Anyone used Pair or PairMixer yet? Interested in your thoughts.
All for you; I would face the world. You mean a lot to me. & I couldn't stand to lose you. Ever.
Was swim meet announcer at my daughter's event and had a blast!
Fish fry starts at 11am. Come for lunch or dinner. Cod, Lake Perch, Bluegill or broiled Walleye. Homemade potato pancakes too.
Haha, a nerd calling out a fellow nerd.
can you follow me :)
I am so in awe and incredibly disgusted by the crowd's reaction to Chris Brown I kinda want to throw up.
If you fuckin give my nigga some...
(realness of emergence vs. Process). I think I am ignorant. I don't understand emergence I guess. A link 2 help an fellow out???
leaving for oklahoma city c: gonna have so much fun <3 bye.
Research panel now, first up Carrie Brown-Smith [ ] on #memstorm, Twitter as community-driven breaking news reporting tool.
true story! Haha I couldn't hurt a fly
I didn't know Debra Messing was running in the
By the way, here comes an understatement, RULES OF THE GAME is great film.
this office has completed 8,598 service requests since May 16th
Solution:Why not find out ahead of time what kind of food ur guest typically has 4 breakfast, & b sure to have that on hand?
She's super smart.
well, don't see a big diff between that & "o, gonna sit by your sweet rack today" in a meeting which is what she quoted
#Interview time!
of course
do yall play online
that was a wierd moment of silence XD hahaha
sounds perfect !!!!!<3
Im at the crib
Sounds like it won't be severe... but I don't think the weather gods are ruling out thunder completely
Volunteered today with at the Boys and Girls Club #14. Thanks for coming out everyone!
Really enjoying #taleoworld but where are the female leaders in the org? All Taleo speakers I've seen are men. Just wondering
Were in kinder garden :D YAY!
Registered for Quentin Blake virtually live Sept. 28 9.15-10.00am (US EST) at www.quentinblakevirtuallylive.com
Plan for tomorrow: Sleep past all single digit hours. Roller derby. Between? Maybe ear piercing?
He sent me a smiley face!!! I LOVE smiley faces!!!
I got the limited time wristband,the font letters on that one I like a lot for some reason
Cant believe imma be 17 in 3 months... Damn im getting old.
Anybody gotta #LIGHTER???
Lol! Thanks! Have you made a Chiappetta challenge video?
Attending Annual Portland Roadster Show. Hot deals @ Comfort Inn Vancouver. 10 min from Portland Expo Center email us at
Congrats it was FUN! RT : Thanks so much for the invite Can't believe I won a free night !
I do wish it boy
I need your number:)
Oregon's celebrity #wolf, OR-7, has a stride length of 67 inches--that's 5'7"!
Here is a song that will def get your hyped up for tonights show in BOCA at club SPIN! 5 girls= a free bottle before...
Just tapped, Brewing Lady Jane Special Bitter (replace Ace Joker Hard Apple Cider)
Back and forth got to love it. Who wants it more?
Awesome! Glad you got the stickers! Your very welcome :)
thats okay go tribe
okay, twitter fiends: share an excellent electrician (to fix the breaker for our new pool!) and an amazing landscape architect pls.
Imagine the asterisking Simmons is doing today now that a star from an actual contender is hurt.
#SteelerNation - RT - I want #300 by midnight!!!! That is all...
Everyday when I wake up, the first thought in my head is "crap nuggets!" Cuz I sleep through alarms
If campus floods before my final, do I still have to take it?
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend???
#ISupportSameSexMarriage because #LoveIsLove #EqualityForAll #FuckTheHaters If you're against it then here's an idea - DONT GET ONE BITCH!!!
Life is way too complicated! Make it a little easier with our one-stop travel resource site. For all your travel needs: www.FreeXpedia.com
I do!
jealous !! I'm in the back but still super psyched
..."I want to leave" *clap *clap "I want to leave" *clap *clap. And so on and so forth for about...all day.
We can practice leadership principles, but the only way to learn to use them is to lead. Not knowing it all is no excuse not to start. –...
Great eve w/Hvd Food Law Society, speaking on panel on sustainability. Then premier of PBS show, Heirloom Meals. Hosted by Pete&Gerry'sEggs.
Great WOD 2day w/ It was good 2 see my crossfitxfactor fam missed u guys! C U 2morrah!
Shout out to all the Super Dome security personnel and workers making our lives as easy as they can!
Wow!!! You know things are way over the line when says "no, I can't do it. Its too much!"
#CodySimpsonIs Amazing, beautiful, and awe-inspiring. i<3 cody!
Thanks for the follow. Hope you'll stop by for a show at #Stage773 soon!
yes! It was a great game. We stopped playing defense & scoring in OT though. SMH
1st time fiance has missed the marathon, but #drupalcon & SanFran need support, esp. w/ post-volcanic ash attendance drop-off.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere
happy birthday big guy mine was yesterday
Lazy, gloomy Monday, but I kinda don't mind. Perfect for laundry and trashy tv.
i'd be happy if you followed me :)
"The LORD’s plans stand firm forever; his intentions can never be shaken." Psalm 33:11
Home sweet home. Today was a very hectic day however I really enjoyed it. I had a blast at work :-)
Is highly #pissed!
Burnin' up, Burnin' up (; RT : You're super hot , fire hot , something like the sun in the sky <33333
glad you enjoyed them!
Someone get me cigarettes. I have the money.
Get in the van! It's not worth the story to see you choking on smoke!
Huskies at 6pm!
I invited you and but FB said I wasn't allowed to invite you to the test
roasting goat cheese with fig jam and spreading on water crackers with veuve champagne!
Pretty ridiculously excited for OKC-LAL.
F Scott~ Grown up and that is a terribly hard thing to do. It is much easier to skip it and go from one childhood to another.~ );
sending now
Yo im bored us hell watchin the movie lol
and some really fresh Valium
Wait, wait. wait. OU doesn't employ a special teams coach? I've always wondered why their special teams were so bad. It makes so much sense.
his bday's coming up, so please feel free to spoil him!
hey jerk can u show a little support for your #roomate I'm having an anxiety attack over here
- thank you bro-montana :-)
UK grad school ceremony...
Sorry to hear that, Adam. Please email our Sales Manager, Dennis, at , to review and clarify.
More motivated and inspired then ever.
awesome! let us know if you have any questions.
#3WordsForYou Live your life.
hey i aint hatin i would suck on that titty as long as she let me
Don't let one little mistake change your attitude and ruin what could've been forever.
Yayay! Let me know when the next Dj thing is and I'll try to make it next time
just like that huh mami
| Thanks for the follow! Let's connect!
Does anyone have to "plug in the car" overnight anymore when it gets frigid? I remember my Canadian relatives plugging in the engine block.
Oh weather channel just cancelled the storm warning.
thanks for coming out tonight and supporting such a great cause!
Bored and I can't sleep , who else is awake with Me
“#Communism proposes to enslave men by force, #socialism -- by vote. It is merely the difference between murder and suicide.” – Ayn Rand
It's a tie and next game winner gets WS home field advantage. RT : What happens when the bullpen is empty?
thanks for providing a great space!
- So few real journalists left, Mike Wallace will be missed
Thanks for connecting with us ,Enjoy your enhanced definition!
where's the integrity?
oh no! Call us if you need anything!
I just want school to end
Sorry Atheism isntt our establshd religion. We all think our beliefs R reality. I thought smart people could disagree. Hmm
love your phone case ! : D
Just shot a great travel & tourism PSA with Sec. Salazar & Bryson. Coming soon to a TV near you. Stay tuned...
Gotta love the new website update....awesome! :)
stay true Jim! stay true!
Thanks for all the RTs!
Folks ask.n me where's da after hrs at i say twitter.....
Justin's fan mail address: Justin Bieber, Island Records. 825 Eighth Avenue, 28th Floor. New York, NY 10019. RT and spread. :)”
Pac swagger jacked Emperor Palpatine
RT : We're excited to present to the YHELP kids from tonight! Animal advocates come in ALL ages...
Well it had better be! Go HArd or gO HoMe!
Of all the lies I've heard, "I love you" was my favorite.
Sesame chicken budget for 2012 $3660. So far I used up $890.
Yes I know I spelled his name wrong.
I understand most people are afraid to get close enough to love another person...just do it
Terrible. Diehard for Mir but he's not good against heavy handed strikers.
blessed! I and I give thanks, sameway!
wack g..we called the manager out like for real????
Perhaps the perfect place to begin with an essential perspective to business is with.. oneself.
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
Thanks for following back. Much Love & Peace to you and your music. Stay On Your Vibe.
I hate when my kindness is immediately mistaken with flirting.
Putting out Amber Alert for #Vandy fan base. Have seen 2 Vandy fans at dome all weekend. Pathetic fans.
Extra credit to anyone who designs an image for the twitter and facebook pages.
Baseball Score: Concordia (CA) 4, Taylor 2 Final. Concordia moves on to semis vs Doane at 3 pm Sat. Taylor eliminated.
geez Austin u get up late!! Haha so do I on weekends and when I have breaks!!:D
Whoops! Correction: Tomorrow's event runs from 8:30am to *9:30am* (not 11:30). We were so excited we wanted the event to run longer...
so sweet <3 or friday when my mug broke and cut my hand and you bought me a new one <3
yo brim, what that rap life like family? Let's collab and let these suckas know what it really do. RealRichmond!
Our patients sure seem to like them! Great for those who grind their teeth...
We rocked it tonight! 3 more chances to see the show everyone's talking about before it hits the big time!
at least it's not completely closed any of the days like it usually is :/
Caller/Doctor: Planned Parenthood fills a vital need by being mission focused. Planned Parenthood was there for me when I was young.
Time to relax...
Oh *kevin hart voice*
Chillin with my brothers for the weekend !! :D this should be fun ... not xD
she fell of the bed in the middle of sex. i yelled "5 second rule" and just kept going
O Wats Up Bra Let Me Know SOMETHING
Pu-er tea can be mixed with floral teas for an different, enjoyable flavor. As it is an acquired taste, this is a good tip for beginners.
Still somewhat struck by the oddity of presidential tweets and yet this is perhaps more of a throwback to early democracy.
We started to fill out Milestones on our Facebook Timeline, totally feel it. Lots of "used to be"s.
…<U+2727> Aw shit, this job i been trying to get Pay Good as fuck and just emailed me Back.. The games over lol <U+2727>…
I love you, too!!!!! Okay? Bye!! Don't forget our lunch conversations!!! Luv ya
ALWAYS KEEP YA HEAD UP LADIES
Tomorrow's Friday<3
Thanks for the RT!
RT Ppl love to be internet gangstas.. Have a seat! Bwuahaha... #Blocked #IssueSolved <--
Bout Time ... Dear #LostonCeltics Pls don't come on my Screen No Mo ... SMH #WackPlayOffTeamsOnTNT Now time 4 the Real Game
RT : If I went to prison you'd hear whispers like "Don't mess with that guy. He's got student loans, he doesn't give a shit."
why did this just make my day? <3
I'm working at the mickey d's but it isn't too bad I guess!!!! I can't wait to hang out again!
It was a great time. Hung out with the band before & after the show. No big deal.
**RT** all gamerz that need some GFX or sig's for GB hit this guy up for the greatest and top of the line GFX **RT**
Theodore RooseveltBe nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down
Ready to be back in Texas.
"fat equals fired" wow thats cool....
awesome ! ((: love you
Both mine and 's first cd ever was Avril Lavigne xD
I didn't actually see it...just checked in on Get Glue to make sure I get my sticker!!!! :)
DISLIKE, #TeamChavous should have more faith in #Ward7 residents and ANCs. Together We All Win - VOTE on April 3rd
*just strolling through, STALKING U as usual*....dont mind me..carry on!!..lllsssss! (but not really laughing tho)...*wink*
the best librarians are always subversive
if pacers fans lose this game and blame refs again I will smack them with lebrons cobra dick words lol
thanks for following, i followed back! :D
You live only once. Time never comes back. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Don't wait for life to settle, it settles on death.
MT : If you want to learn more about this project, & see answers 2questions about the war, follow my new account:
I'm naked! This is the first day in probably a month I'm not wearing a suit.
haterz gonna hate bambino..be wise..and rise up!
same 2 u! my 2nd cup of hazelnut-flavored coffee is powering me through the rest of this afternoon :) -lisa
Pls, everyone ck out what A is doing 2nite for EVERYONE, not just members. No excuses for drunk driving!!
Miami, FL- need females for photoshoot. Implied nudity involved. Pay is 900 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
I will check see if got the pic. hold on.:-)
The Global Elements shared a link. Flyers www.theglobalelements.com Global Elements | TheGlobalElements.com
RT : "Never forget: the secret of creating wealth for oneself is to create wealth for others." ~ Sir John Templeton...
I swear my brother keeps pulling down his pants to show his ass. Lmfao !
I found new tv shows when watching tv
Peter Angelos and are in the same building. Hilarity ensues?
where is the Teen Hoot? :)
Still no homework done.
I'm loving these Peyton Manning promos on
is this cause I was sleep by 945??? Old man!!!
happy 16th birthday!! I love you so much and i hope you have the greatest day ever <3
Today is one of those days where I just need to walk away from the computer...
I can. He is whiney when they dare call a strike on him, he feigns HBP, he is over dramatic in the field, and 1996 ALCS.
Hey girl hey!! lol
I'm Cambodia and I'm proud!!!! LOL
Ran a 9 min mile tonight! I know that isn't terribly impressive but it's huge for me. (Thanks to for the intervals tip :)
I thought I felt something hot coming through town!
Man xjawz has pissed off his subs lol everyone keeps saying to dislike the vid
and thank you for your analysis. The golf community needs more of the same!
it's no problem my love :) but I have to go now :( bye my love, talk to u later!!
New CD came in the mail yesterday, followed by new tomorrow and Jack White on Tuesday. What a week, Nashville.
You have to make an appointment o.O
Last night I introduced MW to Community, and we watched 10 episodes of Season 1. I shudder to think what we'll do tonight
Greg Anthony's shirt and tie combo will haunt my dreams
yes I'll be there! Getting everything lined up.
AWESOME COLORS--HOT!!! love it Chris-oozes capability!
Wikipedia has his death date listed as today. Where are you seeing the info?
yes! it would be great to do a project using twitter data
Worth a listen RT : Report from on BMORE metro: jobs, more innovation, public transportation. Tune in at noon
I have spent the last ten minutes of my life looking for a spoon. I am about to pack up the babies and go to burger king.
Rick looks worried
had my first experience with laughing gas today <U+E057>
Full of strangeness tonight.
if the cameras weren't there would you have smashed it?
I agree...I'm thinking about Pierre Teilhard de Chardin and Thomas Berry in that human consciousness is a product of evolution...
If these colors were possible, I would!
When You Came To Bakersfield, California In September, Did You Like It Here? Would You Ever Come Back?:)
neva fake G
About to get my bay bay to bed why he over here thinkin he grown bein up at 11:30 . Smdh .
nothing to do other than gamble.
OMFGaga Im freaking out!! Fashion Of His Love is MY SHIT!!! you best do this at my BWTBall!!
I wish the All-Star game would hurry up and get here already!
If you're hungry, we've got the solution. Come in for some great Mexican food! Tweet us back and let us know what your favorite dish was!
Love is the most expensive gift. Make sure you don't give it to someone that's cheap.
if i had a million $ it would be gone in 3 days...
If your Matt Flynn your not pissed. You know why? He's Matt Flynn and they are tarvar Russ and Matt Moore
Glad to be back in a place where i have service on my phone :)
i don't remember the last time my fridge looked so sad =(
all I know is Hollande beat France, on like penalty kicks by a left winger. Don't follow soccer. <== like that you mean? :)
don't act sick! :D
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend. And good luck w the run.
Work is going GREAT!! I'm not tired yet lol
oh, he's funny! It's a bit far out though...I can say "maybe" but I might be out of town....
plzzz follow me i love u and austin u guys r amazing :) plzz follow me
dnt judge me
School tomorrow. HORRAY. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The many calls for us to reveal our identities, the suggestions that we would be better served in the light, have proven to be ploys.
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished
Kobe may have missed those game winners but at least he has the confidence to take them!! he doesn't disappear in 4th quarters
So many people blizzard cruisin on this gorgeous day
I agree about Top Chef being better, but I did laugh a lot and will continue to watch. That Nookie is a funny guy
Aww! It's my pleasure!
I MISS YOU LIKE TEN TIMES MORE. YEAH.
ready, set, attempt to sleep...
Nikki, you're an idiot.
no I never get that lucky I wanted 2 go 2 the radio station cause I live like 5 mins away from it but couldnt
Thanks for the shoutout!
I get your point though. Is there a better alternative?
Group proposes to ask celebs to change their pix on Twitter to their favorite fruit or vegetable - and link to a video to DC Urban Farms
Too awesome. I wish I had children to send to this camp.
It's finally over. No fight? LAME!
Who is in Chicago and can recommend an awesome local food producer? Looking for a gift for a Chicago friend.
Can you tweet me ? I very don't feel :'(
While you're in L.a, you should visit Roscoes Chicken &Waffles(: it sounds gross but it's soo good! It's by the W Hotel(:
The dogs went back to bed and left me to watch #ahsfx alone!
Shout out to for following!
It's time for lunch #2!
IS MY Life
nothing, i fell completely lazy (wat a surprise) and idk... but i start school next week, i film this week & next week and lots
Chance encounters (2 consecutive days, same person, different parts of town) peak my interest. What is the universe trying to show me?
Congratulations to for her work on 's newest music video just released yesterday!!
RT " Don't miss the opportunity to do something better today by wasting time regretting yesterday." ...So true!
Indians and Orioles in first place! Yes, I know it's May, but a boy can dream! #anyonebutyankees/redsox
Shared the first part of my commute with a hipster wearing spurs. If I closed my eyes, I felt like I was in a Western.
And yes, I just retweeted a physicist (but not just any physicist) at 130 AM on a Thursday night. I can pull that off
what size P3 is MB riding?
Trying to eat froyo while walking in heels with your little on the way to a fraternity formal...
Trailer park boys is my shit
so cold 2day!
Get your copy today!!!!!! Barnes & Nobles, Amazon and Lulu.com
Funniest comment I received about Exceeding Expectations. "A 30ish hunk 4 young women. A 50ish George Clooney type for moms & aunts.
decisions decisions - Lamb, Pork or Beef for dinner? or all three?!
(he was on that team, right? substitute another white teammate, if not)
Human Centipede 2
Didn't we almost have it all?
I wanna freak :/
HELL YEA I CAN TOUCH MY TOES LIKE A PRO!!
kind of like the game today....?
Yumm... I love that your products are Stevia...how can I try them out?
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K….Especially If She’s Hot..
NOTE: "The Construction of Commercial Contracts" by Professor John Carter is scheduled to be published January 1, 2013.
Thank you!
I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.
One more contract on this to be announced, maybe will be local. $118M award seems ok comp to $700M County deal.
Future Broker Systems is working hard on their exclusive CLM Platform , and other web products for real estate brokerages and agents!
RT : Dear People of The US, Conservative != racist, nor should it imply a predisposition to, nor affinity for, racism.
Come hear about all things Mifflin: 7pm May 2nd at the Madison Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin)
hey buddy! How are you doing today?
might of just come up with the sickest beat of em all for the record.. rarely, and i do mean rarely do i impress myself..
Yes! Pretty cool to be a part of this record, and last night's event. Have you listened to it yet?
Happy Birthday to my amazing, beautiful, funny, talented & inspiring sister Charlotte! Love you!
Watching raiders of the lost ark, love the indiana jones series!! #indiana jones
any idea on how to make shrimp chips that puff up?
“: im really glad the economy is in great shape and iran isn't getting closer to the bomb so we can discuss this stuff”
Would like to see #Rich #Hill back with the #redsox someday after his recovery
Last Computer Sold...HP DV6, Quad Duo Processor, 4GB Ram, 300GB Hard Drive.....1 Year Replacement Plan included
"never publish your blog on tuesdays" sez - hope that doesn't apply to tweets also :)
Thanks for the post!
Check us out@ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
This by far my biggest pet peeve RT I'd like to drive up and smack everyone I see throw their cigarette out the window
Thanks for the invite to jumping monkeys...
Don't miss our 40% OFF SALE this week!!!
If needing to make the decision to save her child or her husband, which would a mother choose?
Impressed with m-learning capabilities, just not sure how to best use it
Hot dog number 6
RT Virtual consultations by begin on 4 Feb 2011 to develop new ICT Sector strategy: Innovate, connect, transform
#Catching up with Days Maybe I'm in the minority but am excited about the storyline possibilities with the fake deaths.
Mini golf is now open!!! Get to Citywalk now!!!
It was fun walking around downtown as they tested the First Night lights. It really looks like it will be a Party!
Why is #Glee murdering every Whit song? My ears!!
If I compliment you and you just reply with an "I'm ugly" Prepare to be bitched out. Don't just push away my compliment hoe
I found 10 cents in my pocket lol
yeah, just neglected and doesn't understand.
Was visited by the baklava fairy while i was away on my break. Love it when that happens...
Can you please follow me? #followback ;D #LoveYou <U+E418>
finally! home sweet home :)
Stubborn much
thanks for the follow
#TranceParadise starts in 20 minutes with guest mixers and tonight! Link up shortly!! Tune in #TranceFamily!
2 successful listing appointments today! My inspiration?! and his new book that you should buy because it's pure fantastic!!
Cmon, I gotta pay $300 for a nosebleed to see the pack????
I just went to 2 different places that only accepted cash. WTF?! It's 2012!!!
haha I just sent you a message on fb!
Bringin my family home a nice surprise #bestdaughteraward (;
OMB!!! i'm so obsesed of #boyfriend video it`s so amazing & SEXY!
thank you!
Laying down eating snacks; like it's not 10:30 in the morning
Just when you think maybe the Red Sox don't suck this season...they suck some more!
Did your mon decide on what car to get?
hahhah oh damn i feel u...waitin is just not for me!Idc what its for I hate it!
hey you. Maybe sometime later tonight? My parents are in town from tomorrow thru sunday so this is prob the only day
Eisenhower Flea Market got some deals! Martin Logan MLT2 surround sound $600 --regular $1200 --Lmk if u want one
you should up there with me to eat
Thx!RT : If you are in the San Francisco Bay Area and feel creative stop by The best creative space you'll ever visit
My favorite NBA radio broadcaster might be a little behind the twitter ball..
lol it was. We all know that. Im sayin between me an him
good question!! Let's get together this week! :)
Headed to Beale
blah. i'm bored and i don't want to study.
Oh my goodness, a monarch butterfly just landed on my hair! That was amazing!!!! Haha!
Seriously? What's wrong with people?! RT : An Indiana couple accused of strapping 4 young children to hood of car. 12 pm Ch13
Apparently you can't smell the jet fuel anymore. More men should use Tide on their socks.
In my tour of #Las_Vegas_Blvd parking garage top floors getting stunning viewpoints, it seems I've also been pocket tweeting. My apologies.
We fought the pepperoni, but the pepperoni won.
people who fall in love with everyone, I don't support it.
HENRY THREADGILL IN CONVERSATION tomorrow :30 @ Columbia University! 301 Philosophy Hall.
My church choir Christmas party was awesome
i LOVE
ha! They had u tapping out young! Haha
OK, this gets even funnier: Twitter duplicated your reply to me so I thought you sent this 2x about drive and gun.
Well be careful while you are out there partying..
SERVICE SATURDAYS: We're walking in the Arthritis Walk THIS SATURDAY. Meeting at the King & Queen blgd.
My lack of watching Game of Thrones this season is unacceptable! Must remedy this immediately.
Iguodala And them bitch ass ref FUCK YAL It's time to trade that big slow muthafucker
I just might let you touch it if u dont tell how it felt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
yup! I HAVE A LOT OF RESPONSIBILITIES BECAUSE OF MY DAUGHTER XD lmao
i have welps from tyler
Definitely different times. But I'm always game to improve upon skills and step to challenges!
is totally completely and utterly spent! Lights out :-)
When can we expect to see your AVNGR review? Any chance you are going to post a spoiler free synopsis first?
New report: Divorce rates higher in the South. If people in the South divorce, are they still brother and sister?
Thank you! RT : Such a fan of ! Lucky to have in Chicago! RT: : Primehouse Burger...
I'll find you. it'll be about 5pm. I have to pick up my extra ticket at will call (and park in general parking tonight)
exactly. "beliebers" shouldn't be happy if they broke up or even will. Just support our idol.
you are perfect people.
Two days till #sxsw starts. Who's coming to Austin?
Monopoly with the fam !!
plus we are always near the flush bathrooms with showers
i aint been out in b.r in so fucking long, whats popping tonight?
Great advice!
welcome and thanks!
Just saw someone wearing cargo pants that were jean capris. Yikes.
Opening Day Walk-Off Homerun by Big 10 Pub A's Utility Infielder Luke Rhinesmith in the Bottom of 7th! A's WIN 12-11 over Schoolers.
OMG - U will start a Wonka choc bar frenzy! Smart of U Biebs! ;-)
is that your hair yellow i love it long hair cute awesome and go jets beat the eagles huh
is so tired and cant sleep... ughh
If we go into this half tied or with a lead, we have to feel great
They weren't idiots, they can now design jewelery raise their children & make more money @ 15% w/those 2 than if they had 100%.
FWIW I think Shaka's choice says more about his commitment to VCU than the Illinois job's lack of sizzle.
Ease my troubles, that's what you do! RT : Have I told you lately that I love you?
RT : [MR] Happy Walnut-walking, Seniors #ClassOf2012!! #Graduation is just 4 days away!!
with the amount she does, plus her fierceness, Kalinda needs to be made partner.
“: Oh, you're sexy and you know it? Shame no-one else does.”
Accomplishment is not built on success. It's built on failure. it is built on disappointment. At times its built on catastrophe.
have you watched think like a man
two thumbs up for ya cuz!!!! Have a bless day:)
um can i leave school early there's no point to being in history
Thank you, Shelly! You are very kind. I'm glad you like it. :)
Jazz... Communicating with sounds..
Where does love begin? Lol.. NOT on FACEBOOK or Internet that's why it's called live at first meet???
yeah, or us with with our sagegami gundam suits
curious as to how the commute home is going to go this evening... i may have to find a bar in easton and make myself comfy
#FF he is our new intern.
skin and bones<3 I want that lion! !!
Set up your phone so you can tweet via SMS by texting to 40404. Critical in emergencies.
My 11:11 wish goes to all the survivors and people who lost a family member or friend the day of 9\11
If the camera lens is circle... then, why do the pictures come out square?
Accessible Publishing, Best Practice Guidelines for Publishers just published by EDItEUR, a good overview and guide as to why accessibility…
It's always too soon to quit.~ Norman Vincent Peale
I'm like O.O
Happy Birthday Rosey! What are your plans for the evening?
hey me too lets be best friends
Pampering & showing myself love all day :)
a very good one, m'lady. Spent it with my inlaws at the SIL's place. Excellent dinner last night and a good time all around :D
Packing for Vegas. Next Level starts in 2 days then doing a 3 day 800 sell now event.
Let's come together and raise money to grant some wishes that will bring hope, strength, and joy to those children!
This love . This hate. Its killing me.
Sneezing + rinsing with mouthwash = disaster.
Fuck your life okay.
I am so enjoying the Grammy's right now :)
thanks for checking us out! Have a great weekend
Apparently there were some men cutting themselves and wiping their blood on windshields off of Hollywood & Highland.
Did you end up stopping by for a fresh, hot cup o' joe? :)
Bless your HEART!
you're doing the Madison marathon, right? Will you have your phone on you after? I want to try & find you!
likes to creep.
#GoVikings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> just like u said. Good deal!!!!
Who knows...
different measures and different standards. More brutal but after all our enemies dont give a rats ass if they hurt our feelings.
thanks ! that means a lot!
good then its settled haha
RT : “: Need a tip on how to make good music? Make sure there's an accordion in there somewhere and it's gold.”...
GREETINGS FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK OUT THE HAIR LINE OF PRODUCTS
En route to #alamw -- see all y'all in Dallas soon!
Wow! Odds flopping quads w pair 407 to 1 (.25%). Don't even wanna think bout odds flopping 4 times n 6 hrs of live play, lol
Never had a focus problem at concerts, only sports. Frame rate is different, but again won't really matter for concerts
Ah! Happy birthday Austin! I hope you are having alot of frickin fun!! :) <3<3
Could really use that 8 foot slayer right about now! 45 windows 10 x 14 feet each
Cute ka ba?
send me a link I will check it out!
another day... another win... good luck in europa next year (if you guys qualify)
Our Estate Room holds up to 36. We do have a space available for larger group up to 50 as well which is semi-private.
It's July 4th! Which means only 11 days until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II!
whos on and wants to chat im bored lol
Thank you to T-Mobile and Jerry Kohli for choosing Nassau as the home for their new location in Bethpage and I wish them the best of luck
Have you tried any ADHD diet plans? What did it consist of and did it work?
Praying for a swift recovery.
Welcome cocktails amuse boucher mercat, sf bourbon and branch the rage
Since Im in #Austin Just picked up 's new book Life is yours to win. Going to vs. tonight.
just learned that the agricultural census data exists, so planning to investigate to see how open & useable that information is
Yay! Glad you like it! :)
follow she autofollows back everyone! follow come on! follow
No one better stand in between me and my Cousins Roast Beef n' Chedder sub
it is too cold for this crap! running wild for wildlife with Myers
oh ye i forgot sorry i will send it in tomorrow cause i cant send it in now sorry but i wont forget this time
Can you imagine if that happened and we DID #flyout? Oh, the rivalry. hahaha
Are you going to work out today? If so, let us know by clicking "like"!
"kids were doing research at midnight!"
you cant cook
RT This tweet will contain no breathless outrage about criminal matters about which I have no direct knowledge. Sorry.
I can't wait till Easter so I can see all the big ass hat's the ladies gone bring out.. lmao!
an earthquake a hurricane...jersey has never been so TURNED ON!
God bless everyWINE
Danny Nathan, , from : change can start very small, can grow and can lead to a world-wide change later on.
#sincewerebeinghonest I DO NOT KNOW WHAT HONESTY IS
We will be your hands we will be your feet. We will run this race for the least of these
ha, can I make a roll out of his posts? Naw, I dont want anyone profiting off his craziness
Thanks for following me.;-)
This bs has got to stop .
I'm glad you're tweeting, I don't speak Japanese and is talking about the iPad 2 release.
<Gushing> ah, thanks! Wouldn't be much w/o ppl like you! “: Thanks for the follow. Your place effing rules!”
Do I sleep and deal with hunger? Or eat and deal with pain? Uggh.
It's a Winter Wonderland Wednesday in Vermont For The Violet
Thanks Jim. Same here.
My mom says "Young lady, red shoes are for children and hookers!"
dude what? you're not coming to the show? :/
has moved in with me permanently. Can't wait to see 's jadoo (magic) now :)
Hate when my twitter askes "what's happening" cus usually...theres nothing Lmao xP
This game went from a snoozefest to a shooting frenzy pretty quickly.
do any of those #the3day walkers have blogs, podcasts, or tweets about training, nutrition, & progress?
these brackets are impossibly hard! who's voting?
Good Luck with the Gators !!!!
the expensive burger
This summers gonna e different than the rest I can already tell(:
quit playin phone tag w me !!!!
Local band Boston&Bosco will join us in studio 2nite plus our music/Ent. Round table discussion and much more! 6-8p live unregularradio.com
that's what makes you beautiful
Just got the #maschine so u know what it is:-)
Wish I could come, but I'm attending Mendeley's reception. :-/
Preparing the goods for tomorrow. Will be our first vegan brunch, can't wait!
C'mon Timbers, less than an hour now. Bring us home a win.
That's y I do SEO to rank clients on 1st pg! RT When lookg something on Google, if its not on 1st page then it doesn't exist
Wish we did not have school today.
Impossible to choose! RT Would you rather: Play a show with your favorite artist? Or, hang out with them on a normal day?
Bo! What about the community-owned GB Packers?
Welcome back College students. Get 10% off your order with your student ID
Thank you for always being up-to-date and in-the-know of ATL events!
I'm sorry, but "Closed due to inclement weather" does not cut it as an excuse for the place I was hoping to grab a quick sandwich today.
How about Bi-Coastal? Talk to !
loved it! What did u think?
I hate when I can't keep a conversation with someone I like and it just becomes really awkward.
I C U OCCUPIED!!!! LOL AWREADY
Congrats I'll be visiting you in Alabama! Love you!
": So was there a Baba Booey sighting in Vegas or what? #sternshow Sadly No Baba Booey! Sushiya Gary?
You are correct. That is a justification.
idk i feel like its soon though ill let you know
You guys seem to forget that last time GB-NYG played, Packers were without Hawk, Bishop & Woodson left early w/concussion
At this rate ill be at the top of the reverbnation charts by the end of the month thanks fans
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
Look...I went with an almost BCS winner that year. Ohio St. got Tebow'd but Ginn showed tremendous promise.
No prob - let me know if there are any more questions. It helps me stay current with the whole init process.
Cotto told people he had to boo boo
30 Followers Still NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
if you think the iPad feels bad, think about all the engineers that designed it (who are also listening to your conversations)
This is gonna be a chill day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
if we're talking burgers, I prefer In n Out :)
: LOL. What happened to you?
Pleased to announce that Columbia is now a member of the IIPC. Looking forward to learning all the secrets ;)
APPETIZER JUMBO PAN-SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orange-lime vinaigrette
Watching the Lion king
Sending Austin death threats wont kill him. Hating him wont change him & saying he doesn't have talent wont stop him. So, whats the point?
About to rollout to Dan VA for epic mission trip
Toby 'Likes' me! Thanks Toby!
I agree. He now lives in the 21st century ... and we cheer? Not that it isn't important to have said, but I am underwhelmed.
I fucks wit u....Keep Grindin
Real talk... my mom has supported me in some of my crazy ideas & adventures when few others did. I am so grateful for her & her patience.
Give a cookie to Brenda Koo for Rizzoli and Isles!
aw baby!!! I love you so much and my #trenchers! Its life hon, but the people at will always take care of u!
is it nice? Lol I was thinking about going there but don't know what to wear and stuff haha
Sounds like a blast, but it might be a little to far for us.
Juror #10 is a dope
Dennis the mutha fuckin menace is own :D
Opus CMC’s Growth Continues; Opening of 5th National Production Center in Jacksonville, FL Set for May 2012
i did
Laid off, hired, laid off, hired, laid off hired...screw this bullshit, I'm gonna be an actor!
I was telling my kids the same thing last night. They're behind on rent.
We just got 2 SPAM calls from this number 545431300001 & can't block.
Wow is this a joke
Jack, are you interested in taking on D2L integration into Vooba?
light up my world tomorrow
right on. That about a 30 degree jump from here. And we are just gonna do some shore dives right from our room
I've realized that there are a lot of baseball players with my stature. That pushes me to work harder to make sure that there is only one me
Grateful for my ny fam and friends. On to the next one.
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer. It didn't answer. I figure it's just waiting for the right moment.
#primaryschoolmemories outdoor recess
Oh thanks, I was wondering! I did try to click on the link, but my trusty software told me not to click on it.
Long term job stress is more harmful to you than aging 30 years or gaining 40 pounds ....Shit...bad news for me.
Got off to an inexplicably late and breathless start. How was yours?
RT : I want people to keep it real, or try to keep it Trill all today.
Use honest feedback to address performance issues and lay the ground work to defend an EEO charge.
unfortunately for right now :(
TCQPS applying to be a Partnership for Patients engagement contractor. TX hospitals: are you on board? Please tell us:
fucking awesome Tattoo my man!!!
Like Ann Coulter, he doesn't care about facts. Don't let his irresponsible ramblings distract you.
why are you being weird monica
hungry again..
Going to fucking punch some babies. You piss me off.
North Carolina Kansas is shaping up for an epic finish.
RT 30 more follow ~~> for a shoutout ! Reply "DONE" !! Hurry !
I'm not one for spectacle and that seems to be what that movie is. I <3 Joss but I'm not that into it.
Youtube is seriously blowing my mind right now!!!
#ThatOnePersonInSchool ... Its fucking saturday, why is school shit trending?
Guys i'm the owner of :)
#randomquestion r u a fan of the hunger games?
At Last, at rest. She's gone but the greatest female jazz/blues voice of our time lives on. Show the angels how to sing, Etta!
Health exchanges not in budget. Teacher evals made public only by request. No change on that
made my day! tx RT Roker gave a shout out to you & morning crew on Today Show this morning!
(: haha every time I eat ice cream I think of our conversation lol
haha, I'm trying, I'm trying....
There's a 93 year old man that I see at the gym everyday... I just hope I live that long!
pretty sure seventeen cards purchased at once might be a record. thanks :) which ones did you pick up?
ur goin 2 be at the VMAs ahh I am so proud of u! When u followed me u were tryin out for a musical! But look at u now! Lmfao
THIS RIGHT HERE. RT I have no idea why #Glee has to revolve around Rachel.
Reporting live from outside PAWS Cat City, where there's a riot of cuteness underway
Who saw the Hendo Fedor Fight? What are your thoughts?
I dm'ed you
Check out and stay tuned for audio and video. Coming soon!!
#wsopchester $350 PLO/PLH Lots of heroes turned out. Should be a great day to be
As a racist, bigoted, intolerant country, how does the United States expect the rest of the world to tolerate it?
dude how'd you poop into a bottle? you should be on america's got talent.
Reading is so fundamental....yet so many people don't do it before they try to go off on emails.
Today, it rained. For the 58th day in a row. MLINY
I'd rather listen to Mitt sing than talk.
where you located
is that ur brothers
About to head for to see #mgt413 students in action, raising $ for men's soccer & !
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
GOONS. but you sayin I'm not?
perfect team! I'll think it and you can say it.
'Abdu'l-Bahá wants to find a shoe store: his shoes are hurting him. There's one a few blocks up.
Sorry tweeps I been MIA the last couple of days, been working some things out with my site and some new tracks coming...
Lovers wait for Valentine's Day impatiently
RT Why is everybody so sensitive now a days?!? Everybody relax
Mental note: Our patio brunch, NY times and bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's. Also lacolombe coffee
Harden is locking up Kobe
oh yeah bringin all the boys to the yard!!
torrent it.
RT Been waiting at the mall for Yung Joc for the past six years. Starting to feel like it might not actually go down after all.
#collegetaughtme how to play the game...
SATURDAYS at tonight we have on the decks ! Arrive early !
not really but if it comes out on wii I'm down haha. I've been good man.. Literally working around the clock to get our EP out.
All great ?'s. # is an 'impact' ranking we're working on in the bg. More info & updates to it soon.
If you voted for phillip phillips SUCK MY DICK youre fucking stupid
Hello , I'm stoked to be a part of your database! Thanks!
I'll take Beltran for 2/26 over what some other guy got...
ironman or hulk? hulk... fer sure... he dominated.
ok I guess
For now bro.. You know Verizon is just responding to the mass negative reaction, eventually we'll all be tiered.. Sucks $$
my car is actually in a google street view from Nashville about 3 years ago
you smell like poopoo
WBC Ticket Hunt TONIGHT. Our mystery guest will be holding court at , starting at 6.30p, flush with #WBC goodness.
You read that wrong. They've given the hosting duties to 'Moves Like Jagger's' as in every sketch will involve that song.
RT : June 23rd it's work time<<
We can't wait either! Gonna be fun.
Some things get old real quick!
i'm in a portland
Was that you?
u guys are both beautiful tho! :)
lol so how have u been sexy abs???
What is your favorite recipe using toffee chips? I will post it on my Facebook page!
#college students, please join my #StudentsSpeak campaign and let your voice be heard! tweet your age and amount of debt.
Listening to on 93.9 wonder if he's going to mention #PhillyJazz ?
Blame Lil Wayne for niggas gettin tats in they face know they just got laid off
MT : Just finished up some great break-out sessions talking tech, collaborations, content & educ! Now, next steps!
I got a interview with Uniqlo on Friday. :-)
Hm, I feel like buffalo wings and beer!
So yeah today is my birthday and I have to go to school I can already tell this ain't gonna be a good day Ugh!!! :(
Congrats to you! Hard to believe that I once went to a Mets game w/ the husband of a Mover & Shaker. :)
House blend brewed this morning, it's been too hot and everyone has been ordering iced coffee! Ah Florida Summer is here.
“: I know I messed up. And I'm willing to spend the rest of my life making it up too you.. I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>”
Got a major craving for iced coffee
RT : Posted this a day early, but Good Luck TODAY to the Edgewood Baseball team in the NAC tourney!! Do work fellas!
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Here's to a terrific Friday!
I need to define a meme... Anyone have a good definition (with a source)?
lmao!! That was the first thing I thought of! Shyt!
or kayaking! You could do an outward-bound unconference! Or we could have colloquium al fresco!
No , it's the full version
Each digit in the bitting corresponds to a different cut or notch on the key and represents the depth at which the key must be cut.
Oost just wanted it to be fair. How do they both make drives that look just like mine?
Just realized I saw (Living Single) while getting a sub lol! Her son is the cutest and she's just beautiful!
Sorry - amendment carries - now the vote...
my poor gramma. I love her soo much. Keep doing good Gramma! :]
Happy Birthday to a great mentor - thanks for all you do
SO TRUE! : W exception of Adele - the country / alt country performers tonight are 100x more talented than rest on
But you can't say that you didn't see that coming.
Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm
"I got that instagram can you picture what I'm smokin?"
Good man, very very busy with a million things. How are you?
I did
I took a pregnancy test and it was negative. Yay!
Why did Lynette and Tom split?
omw , home . holding my sister ( ; just rocked her to sleep .
I am also stunned. What???
as you should be
Don't compare yourself to others, that's when you start to lose confidence in yourself.
RT : Somebody needs to make a video with Romney as Edward Scissorhands.
Vroom, vroom! We’re giving away a Ducati Monster 696 at Stop by booth #1117 to enter!
Hi Greta, I assure you I am a real person :) I dont use True Twit, its problematic it sent meesages without my approval c ya
"My need will never exceed God's ability" - Ps
Which do you go to?
She's bittersweet! She knocks me off of my feet
Contract Paralegal needed for Concord area IT company. Temp to direct hire. Excellent pay. Contact 617.262.1313
About to pass out, so tired. .__.
I need to figure out how to get a good night of sleep.
RT Things I believe in: synchronized lights and going all the way from north main to Rice without stopping
Why torture yourself w/ that bullshit? lol
Trying to not cough up a lung
hey what up fam?, how's the show goin? I saw Mike on Ocean Dr. Yesterday
My day was wonderful ;) my grandad made it Better cause he came all the way from Kentucky . It ain't nothing like grandparents
Awesome. Candy conference! What does one do, besides the obvious, at a candy conference?
where do they evacuate to? They're in the middle of a parking lot
I just registered for the alumni bowling bash at in #PGH - looking forward to it!
that's correct!
“ Its barely Sunday and I'm already getting excited for what God is going to do on Wednesday!”
Music is integral to the Bible…The last psalm asks creation to praise the Lord. Vishal Mangalwadi
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
Somebody send me the facts on the NBA issues. Looks like the players are greedy bastards. 50/50 split sounds logical to an outsider.
Dan Ruby just rocked some alien crevices !
Yet another reason to shop at the local farmers market - sunlight still has a CRI of 100.
We will be playing our tribute video to the Greatest Moments in Boston Sports History just before tip-off so get here early...
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Damn I got my own problems you think I want too hear you and your girl argue
I'm a big fan! follow me back please? :)
because its making my stomach look klike a watermelon
all depends on funding! Plane tickets to ozland from here are running at $2100, cheapest. oy yoi yoi!
i guess the worst part of cutting your hair off is it happens to be on the coldest kansas city day i could have chosen. boo and boo too.
man been a long end of the week and weekend but today was a bit of a mind ease
x) dinosaurs are cool lmao
knowing that suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Prevent or pressure...its always wrong when it doesn't work. Nice 9ers.
We missed you! It was very powerful. Hope to see you soon!
#oomf won't bang about it!
RT : RT : I find it amusing to sit in a restaurant near a bar and listen to how the conversations go from sober...
I'm going to go make a tofu scramble and then head out to Berkeley to see !!! And ~ :3
Do you know which mascot finalist is said to have been created in the likeness of a Walt Disney character?
I dont even know where my phone is <U+E40D>
I don't know about the second home but deffinitly a second office. What you want?
The Westin in Seattle is not as tall as the Westin in Atlanta!
Soprano (as a wee one) through to tenor. I stopped singing for a while, but have since been able to reconcile my conflicts
guys, JAZMINE BIEBER'S BIRTHDAY IS IN ABOUT 10 DAYS! she'll be THREE
thank you for reading! xo
Hope everybody had a great mothers day
lmbo....thanks. Now I dont feel like a total loser ^_~ got too excited on that table tennis
wow that's nuts. I had no idea
just livin life in WA, working, and going to school. You still in KS?
Thanks. I'm very good at the denial thing.
And boy do I want to blog about those sketches, but would have to seek permission of O'Neil Ford's family to include the images. Boo.
Obviously Mr. Davis is delusional ": Thomas Davis says Panthers "should come away with a victory" over Packers "
Home after #shmoocon and so tired. Glad I took day off work tomorrow. No way I'd be functional by 8 am. G'nite folks.
i know what you mean lol. But these documents are for my law firm since we have a trial ;)
Awww...that's so nice. I've always been a NY girl. Giants, Jets, Yankees, Mets. Hey, that rhymes. LOL LOVE Steelers too!
Well that was quite a day!
that drink is a Moscow Mule.
Someones pretending to be Jenna Marbles! Smh...
playing the nyan cat song in 's ear.
And thus ends my time as the associate editor of / Next adventure: Summer Institute!
Silly twats! I don't go w/groups that don't sit down and work with others. Hence, not present! This is WHY.
#fanquestion if they could join any other group on abdc which one would it be.
yum RT : just made a batch of iced coffee using recipe and the brewer. iced coffee season has come early
omg don't mind me I'm having a dumb blond moment
hahaha you have the best tweets
The bees are in crisis. Do you fully grasp the implications for mankind? No one does. Read BUZZ, a contemporary novel, and enjoy.
you're right. My bad.
hell yeah you better be comin back to columbus my man! i'm gonna try to get you back here
U will realize it whn its too late
i smell like sharpie!! haha!!
CALL ANYWAY~THE MORE AMERICANS CALL THEM THE STIFFER THEIR BACK-BONE....hopefully.
jays vs pirates? Oh yes!
So when do you guys think we should release our new song? :D
I know it! I should have a screening at my house for old times sake!
girl i did NOT make it up there smh. lol are you done wit class today? i'll prob jus go tomorrow...
i'm starting to notice a trend here… can't place it yet… hm.
Pshh would never be my ol lady
I love surfing! Rusty dwart is a great board, hopefully itll be mine next time im out here in la jolla!
RT : I know my heart will never be the same, but I'm telling myself I'll be okay. -Sara Evans
Cutting backgrounds on "Lost and Found in Armenia" starring.... Jamie Kennedy!
Ugh its so hot. :(
Mabe you are putting to much thought into a certain something
The person who thinks too little, always talk too much
When #oomf falls asleep on me <<<<
I found my one true love on a blue sunday
We are a proud sponsor of the "Wounded Warrior Project"...it's the American Way..come help us support our troops where it counts..see u soon
If I said we just played a great game and we lost by 20 would I be crazy?
Merchant Services on #compcloud customer panel: When I asked a sales manager what he thought of Xactly, he replied “It’s perfect”
thanks for the follow! 998!
RT if you are ready for picnics, grilling & cold refreshments!
is very SPOILED! and
wag more & bark less
Deadlines Deadlines Deadlines
I'm making a pitch to she would be very helpful and likes Yuengling.
Just at the bus stop
" 9 minutes to SO EXCITED! #youshouldbehere"
everything about her is perfection
yea i gotta ap test tomorrow BUT I AIN'T STUDYIN CUZ I AIN'T A NIGGA.
the "coupon queen" from toddlers & tiaras (honeybooboo) RT : You know them. And they scare you. Who are the worst moms on TV?
Thank you for granting the kids a behind the scenes tour of your space! What magic!
ALSO FIRST BEER ON US - beer pong tournament prizes from Ciroc Vodka and Miller High Life and Coors Light.
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog -www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Olympus Introduces the World's Only Integrated Bipolar and Ultrasonic Energy Platform
VOLITION DTP/CONJURE LIQUOR TOUR IS IN FUL EFFECT WE PACKED RACINE IN CLUBPARKSIX AND POURED UP CONJURE TILL THE BOTTLES HAD BOTTLES
obviously you saw...actually thankful they were out of black. Pushed me out of comfort zone into red
Samusas are legit legit indian food
also...I'm ashamed to admit that I give a darn about this show. I know that it's not actually important.
Is it wrong to eat out before going to see The Hunger Games? :-)
wondering every day if I will ever make it to the next.....Pretty much... So once my goal of meeting him is.... Im done.....
Morning full of good news. Let's hope the rest of the day goes this way. :D
u r welcome:))
On the air tonight doing a classical show until Midnight eastern time - www.wcuw.org streaming live - listen in!
Wishing Better Maker a very Happy 30th Birthday! Scoot on up to the Big Girls table!
Oh, I'm so glad you love them! :D But for right now, we're sticking with the trilogy. (I do have a new series starting next year)
Albert Einstein and I were born on the same day and that's where the similarities end.
Looks like soon, it'll be back to #GoTime for shooting here! This whole 6+ months pause may soon be over! I'll know in a couple of weeks!
I'm here to see the film "Chasing Ice" #sundancefest - theatre is packed full of course - film has had substantial buzz - distribution deal?
It's allot of quality women at the gym cuz it takes discipline.
curious what's your default choice for deployment - heroku, EC2, appengine, anything else? Work with postgis much?
> will chair next #ISOJ panel "From desk(lap)top computers to tablets & smartphones: How are #journalists responding to mobile?"
time to crash for the night. Had a long day. More ahead.
Be strong! The loss of a pet is hard. Value the time u spend with him, that u have left together! :)
The Silk Tie likes Tim! We like his wardrobe, views on UX and we just might be using twitter wrong :/ thesilktie.com
Weight doesnt matter,drama is the same,if it's not in my life,how am I to get stronger! Embrace change and resistance!
We're pretty excited for this
BREAKING: CNN reports that Steve Jobs is resigning as CEO of Apple
Becoming successful in LA can be a struggle at times. Embrace it. Breathe. And enjoy the ride... #KeepPushin'
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt
bro you wrong for pic of lmfao
lol:) why do u think ur mean?
Ok, kids at the baseball game with the vuvuzelas: the World Cup is over. Also, where are your parents?
you okay?
"Sex god"..To make a long story short i never played that game again
Oh, I know they are very good. Just didn't see them matching up well with Pens.
Hey! Thanks for the follow. Hope all is well!
Hey RA are you having a book signing April 10th at Citi Group Center in Manhattan? Great job in todays game!!
If it makes Ovechkin sleep better at night, then I will smile and nod politely, too.
#HappyBirthdayJohnCena your the Best
Anyone know how to do article archiving online that wants to volunteer their time? :)
I'm on the way to a examination site by the metro
Region F is having a terrific meeting celebrating our #SWE region at
I'm having serious difficulty keeping the yawns down today! Feel free to help keep me awake! Coffee isn't working!
Paul George deserves two FT's for that YUUUUUGE block
you heading to the Rockies game today? Or have you already started drinking. Haha have fun
Wednesday is really my favorite day because of Burrito Madness at
Big Bill, The People's David, is reading THE BIG SHORT and it's making me angry at the Goliaths of Wealth and Privilege!
not very strong beer lol
Huge congratulations! Can't wait to get my hands on this!
Yes it is sir, yes it is!
I woke up feeling funny but not funny ha-ha.
Can't believe I still so many ugly URLs. Use words, separate with hyphens, avoid stuff like this... eag=&9392%=a434%5234lkejf
Just listened to 's "the drug in me is you" and I'm blown away! I can not wait for the cd to come out!
Ugh! Conan gets on my nerves >:o
eating #pizza yumm :)
Anyone have any good websites to buy cool dog collars? It's our American Bulldog "Tank's" Birthday tomorrow and I want one for his Birthday.
Vegan Soul Food? Delivered? Yes please!
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
I have to say, it was great hearing from and even if it really wasn't you! :-)
I'll take care of you <3
Some don't get it. :(
After 19 hours, the power is back on (hopefully for good)!
yes we do and when we don't, u know something is wrong!! Haha!!
Gonna have to make some homemade Burger Orleans this weekend
He sat down, called the Twelve, and said to them, “Whoever wants to be first must be least of all and the servant of all.”
Bwahaha you are kidding right?
Sleeves are just the sexiest thing
A recruiter e-mailed me offering a bribe, a $10 Amazon gift voucher, to do a telephone interview.
haha I saw your tweet on the jumbotron... was it game 1? How was the brat?
Just tapped Ninkasi Helles Belles Lager.
whoa... That show was intense! Aotm killed it too
Had a wonderful time chatting with the talented Lauren Schacher yesterday! Got some great tips on the biz.
lol. As seen on TV whore.
Just read your article on Low Dose Naltrexone, it's excellent! Another article supporting its use for autism came out a month ago
is your pool open!?!
YOU'RE JUST THE GIRL ALL THE BOYS WANNA DANCE WITH AND IM JUST THE BOY WHO TOOK TOO MANY CHANCES
gentlemen: dont tell your girlfriend you got her a baby wallaby for Valentines day unless youre 100% serious. hopes & dreams, crushed.
Enjoy the warmer weather in a MINI Roadster or convertible!
noice! Wouldn't say no to that oi tell ya...(Irish)
Best weekend yet. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
BilbosBitch i had all the knowledge of what was to come, ur pretty cool aint ya. Like a beer in an eskimos fridge... Cool
word of the day: buck as in you can get buck in the club.
how u coming on that verse chef
Making a list of movies I MUST see!
I like digital galleys, but I have to find the right reader that displays PDF that doesn't make me a candidate for LASIK
you find a place to live?
#YeenBoutThatLifeIf You gottah be fake just to have friends and people to talk to you Get Real "!!"
Going to see
Listening to some old school tracks! #lyricistrecords will never die!
#liber2011 “Blind man and the elephant” metaphor for current understanding of digital preservation planning and implementation.
Kevin Gregg....your fired.
That feeling you get when you hug someone and you just don't wanna let go.
Correction To Your Second To Last Tweet. You Are Or You're. Not You're Are The Sweetest! Bahaha <3
Working saturday = no play on friday
La lala lala lalala...I just can't get u outta my head! Boy it's more than I think u think about...idk why this is in my iTunes but it fits
I love boxing
loved it. classic ensemble.
Will be listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show tonight. I missed it last Friday
Hi May.
LAZY!!!!!! Pre-mixing, homie that's a producer not a DJ!
It's like a little Easter egg in my day discovering I googled the word "food" at 2am last night.
From a national total of 14k banks in 1992, and 10k in 2000, the number of FDIC-insured institutions in the U.S. is at fewer than 7,500.
We are back and now reviewing app
Thank you and wow I didn't know that!! RT : I am so jealous they don't have Dunkin Donuts in CA. Enjoy!
it got shoved back under. Usually when they lose sight they blow whistle right away. Not sure how Hartnell can dive in either
I was told I can't have my cake and eat it too. I just said my cake is still in the oven and I'll get to eat it later.....I'm patient
RT : Are the people who listen to Maroon 5 old enough to know what a "Payphone" is? [a nickel says no...oops - a quarter!]
Happy St. Patrick's Day EVERYONE !
. Took me a week or so to get used to standing all day vs sitting. I had to have monitor higher then keyboard or neck would hurt
One more night in Vegas! Haven't we said that before??
Look, Zimmerman refused to go to the hospital the night of, but we're to believe he had a broken nose the next day? Nah, b.
Short hair I DO care!
Do u have a health & beauty counterpart b/c we have some specials coming out. Thanks.
“To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.” -Robert Schumann
Legit you should shouted #ThisIsSparta!!!!!!!
. says that other sports, such as rowing, cause as many or more indirect fatalities as football.
Good Job SC...tough opener but I will take a win any day!
happy birthday girl don't go party with she will get everyone kicked out haha really though happy birthday
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
A GM txt does not only mean"Good morning". It has a silent, loving message that says."I think of you when I wake up" I put this on fb
It's TUESDAY....the forecast is this: It will be Tuesday until midnight tonight.
For the ladies: let's just say I'm at the drug store & can't go back for a week. I can get either deodorant or tooth paste. Which do I get?
Just got a account, but it only has Restaurants in the UK. #NYC restaurants please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hulu on iPad, tweeting on iphone and returning emails on netbook. At least I know I'm not alone!
miss you soo much come visit soon! </3
I'll stop being an asshole when girls aren't hoes or bitches, guys stop trying to be what they're not, and you all just shut the fuck up.
is about to do #improv at #GMIC. she is not to miss! make time for this session & open up your creativity & subconscious!
u are so tweet! thanks for #ff. i'm perfect garden gnome size!
hello. Follow? I love yoyu
I agree. What do you do for those students who don't want to redo? How do you encourage them to take advantage of those chances
Awww! Yes! Things are amazing now! Thanks girl..and so happy for u! U deserve all good things!! Love u always!!
FF Musical fellows
Would it be appropriate for the Chargers to give Flacco a game ball?
That's all? RT : MIA has run 53 consecutive high screen/rolls
Hey I saw your tweets about your subscription and sorry that your call was cut off; is calling you directly
#ToDoList #1 Tell this hoe stop staring #2 Tell this female AGAIN I'm married #3 Take out the trash
RT Give through your phone - text "HAITI" to "90999" to give $10 directly to the Red Cross
Oh my gosh! I turned the corner, and it was like #MarilynMonroe status!
I sing all the time too. Haha and I'm not good at all.
3 day weekend nice...but back to the money I go
Miller Park is going to explode when Ryan Braun comes to the plate.
lol...u a fool boi...i laugh'd 4real
they put my foot on a computer brah!
Sign up online or by calling 212.594.9616 now!
“Never assume the obvious is true.” William Safire
Austins hat size is 7 1/2. Rt if you'd love to wear one of his hats!(:
A lot of line charts with big spikes and big dips. Not pretty indeed
That was a lot of money and effort spent to get results that a lot of folks predicted from day 1...
I suppose the cause of death would be "lack of interest."
All that series proved was that Texas is better than the Tigers right now. And let's be honest, we already knew that.
Vandy is going to hang on...but shaky at the end...Jenkins is still going to be the key towards a strong tourny run
Nickname for the AZ Wildcats three big bball recruits - "The Tucson Skyline"
awesome! I want to see that.
sounds awesome man. I am glad you guys are getting some stuff done.
nothing like two sexy women getting down
Thanks for the mention!
There's nothing better than good sex. But bad sex? A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex. ~Billy Joel
Does anyone else wake up at 4:30am for graham crackers and peanut butter? Hmm. Just me, then.
You never know how strong you are- until being strong is the only choice you have
Best birthday gift eveerrr!
hoos the genius tht calld this website twitter and tweets?
Is it possible that Folgers Coffee Crystals has secretly replaced all the air in Washington, DC, with pollen just to see if anyone notices?
Man they making every excuse for the sorry ass heat
I hate when we have testing at school.. there so strict about it.
Couldn't be more excited about this 3 day weekend, hoping it brings me my new neice/nephew :)
- and you boys were amazing at the palace<U+2661>
#runthestreets two wizards
need more 'Shine A Light' awesomeness in our lives, glad to hear new stuff is coming!
will be in the US son!!!!
really fantastic, pretty tired tho
Yeah buddy! RT : First Class Hotel & attention to detail by #SBEgroup Gonna be another fun weekend
. walking audience through counter-power and anti-power at
I'm so jealous! I get so excited whenever I get a drummer boy quarter or a $2 bill...I would have flipped out over that $5!
Thank you SO much! Ditto!
There's something soothing about arranging holiday music in concert order. Angelcitychorale.org is having a fab show this coming weekend!
Shane, we create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if UR interested.
Look at today! Go sit in the sun! has a fabulous outdoor patio!
will be documenting her last 10 weeks of pregnancy on her youtube channel, www.youtube.com/melissaschuman! RT
have you been to Coors Field? Amazing.
Breakfast at Cafe Patachou with the future in-laws!
5 people in my math class
Do it. We need to rebuild on the shoulders of the rich benefactors
RT : I try to behave on facebook as if the whole world is watching and they are all clients or potential clients
wishing the Paralympics got as much attention as the Olympics. Watch here: www.paralympicsport.tv
Yes she is. Looking forward to it!
missing the central coast.. but so excited for future events!
used some twitter analysis tool- it's surprising how many people aren't really people. sorry if i've unfollowed you and you aren't a robot.
Thanks for the follow.. Now following back
Yea! This is the day where I can say only four more days until Avengers!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want some chickfila for lunch today.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
I gave up on Sunday morning news shows they are so boring.Same old stuff,same old bores.
Bank takes possession tomorrow. The nightmare is almost over - though I can't say I don't feel sadder than all get-out about it.
When I doubt... Math debate Autocorrect win!!
Do sleeping bees snore? Do they have Restless Antennae Syndrome?
my mom knows who skrillex is!!
preciate it. And yea um ready for the "cough" start this tyme
Want to do corporate flying as a career ...fly to another city, dick around all day and the company pays for it all lol
K imma stop now
Sharing allowed editors and reporters to find hotspots. Some turned the internal data into public interactives
I hate having carpet in one room except that it's an excuse to "dyson." Meditation room like new.
Anybody know of any good concerts this summer?
you're so go at spinning lies as facts you have a job at fox news waiting for you after you get recalled
If you were in Colorado I'd be able to tell you who to see.
i'm gonna miss them all when they graduate this year and they're gone next... :/ they looked soo beautiful last night<3
Telling you the truth when our expertise is not relevant and helping you find the resources you need.
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action. - Madame de Stael
its pretty cool
It's a beautiful day.... To be on the Beltway!
Therein lies the problem. Perhaps more effective if we focus on *Human* Experience Management?
“: Help you I can.” lol. Thank you Yoda
What neighborhood are you doing your trick or treating in?
dude call me!
life is so sweet
I watched a video of u singing on youtube, this morning. Magical, thats all i can say in words...
fersure. we'll talk about it tomorrow
#BlackFriday 50% Sale is LIVE on BatteryPower.co! Common Batteries are currently $35!!!! Get your #LaptopBattery #LaptopBatteries for less!
we appreciate it!
Las Vegas this weekend to film and possibly do a bit of comedy... Not excited for the bloody heat wave I'm about to put me body through!
GO Tigers!
#Dubstep fatigue makes a return to #DnB that much sweeter.
Anthony's
yeah, its super good :P
RIP Steve Jobs <3
look at tiana in the back cuties!!
I WANT ,IWANT IWANT .. TO FOLLOW ME <U+2665> but thats crazy. <U+2665>
Such a great time with week working with Crete-Monee and Roswell High Schools! Trainers were sad to head home...hope we can come back soon!
the grass is greener one just a sec ago. :p
ASDFGHJKL AND DIDN'T TWEET THAT YOU WERE THERE :(
Packers Pres. Mark Murphy speaking at Cheese Expo at Frontier Airlines Center. Says is doing amazing on
so true
Yeah. With that W he washes away the 7 year itch.
lol I love u too the only person I could call my big sis
good job lovely (:
People following #wirecall closely: is the sense that there will be a durable bump for the nominee once s/he emerges, or not so much?
Houston please....
LOL - now I feel super guilty!!!! But and I are looking at houses tonight!
You are BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY
RT : Heading out to Financial Sweet Spot at in Fells Point. Time to be on a budget!
Thanks for sharing our stuff!
my boy just layed down some chords so deep that he took it to a #Jesus level..wow
can we fall, one more time?
Ditto, fantastic! RT : You're welcome! So proud of regardless of the outcome tonight!
Thank you Mariela!
Look at you, a dominant lady quoting the Bard today. Methinks that be the food of hotness. Play on!
yes, I'll be releasing it at 7:00pm! (central)
Time for pilates
I wonder can they train dogs to pick up their own shit...
just finished reading Mockingjay. So good. I <3 the hunger games! I liked the ending. I'm sad it's over though. Excited for the movies<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
RT : Listening to via Skype at #pdf10. Audio quality spotty at best. How come never has these connection probs?
watch she looks at you awkwardly during school...
That’s what we like to hear ! Got any close second Sunbelt favorites?
RT : The weekends almost here so head out to Club Empire, with my bro live in the mix!
shouldn't have came out.
aw short but sweet hey!.... This time next year fingers crossed! x
RT : We've even done interviews stating that our designs that aren't original hand drawn pieces are recreations of classic art.
Excellent article! Listen, understand the brand and its core relationships with its clients.
Two people aren't the entire team. Once people realize this, the less they look like a bandwagon hopping idiot.
Wish you were here too.
Hi, hope everyone had a good day
can't wait for next weeks ustream<3
What time is JESUS coming back? Eastern standard time?,Alantic standard time?,Pacific standard time,Central standard time?
I'm tired of waiting for my Kindle Fire! I'm tired of seeing "in transit" when I track it too! I want it now!
#ILoveMyMomBecause she'll always be my friend..no matter what
mac and cheese is an all the time food.
Ha ha ha some situations I find myself in...
that's cool. I heard its still really bad down there.
I want ice cream!
loved looking at those have a wonderful day
XU Jazz Ensemble Students and Alum compile a series of tunes to create a CD in tribute to the late XUJE Director John DeFoor.
You make me so happy, I love being around you.
Place your bets on how long it will take and me to get labeled a couple by some stranger.
system, but we wonder what happen to the quality of life in our cities, specially our downtown. "maudit LeCorbusier"
Living in Ohio, its not possible to plan an outfit because the weather is never consistent.
I think that's what's so funny about him. What was the last episode u saw
that's doable, but if I start counting laps by twos, it's not my fault.
tebow is a great kid
Hung out with for awhile :)
This right here the
The 25-title longlist for the Best Translated Book Award will be announced later today--and 1 of the judges is a bookseller at 57th Street!
Almost time for my first art class!!! So excited!! Today at SMC is going way better than yesterday! :) www.imdb.me/lindsayhopper
To empower people by creating platforms that advance entrepreneurial ingenuity using technology applications and innovations.
If it weren't for and my wife, I'd pretty much be talking to myself. Yes, you can follow him, too.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
began filming the Lost and Gone Forever narrative video... insights into the concept albums story and its making... Release: End of August
There are four seated panelists speaking on successful models: Dr. Sandra Bloom, founder of the Sanctuary Model.
Get Well Soon!!!!
Im so good at shaking and baking
Chag Sameach! Purim has definitely been usher in with a topsy-turvy day for me! How about you?
You sound silly right now. Then who's gonna properly check KD and Harden? Artest? HA! RT kobe on westbrook.
#ChaCha dropped the ball today, screwing over all of their contractors. SMH
Just thinking I did it like im really about to graduate in like 4 weeks
screw off
why do I let things bother me, I just gotta relax....
ah the wise and great Aristotle. Even his name says "greatness."
Welcome to DC! RT Just arrived at BWI, next stop #nciv1story conference
Know your roll and do it well.
i want to rent that movie ghost.
when did the Franklin Avenue Bridge become known as the Shakespeare Bridge?
preparing for project ny. so much to do!
happy birthday :) have funn
Chapter 2012 Page 108 of 366 Stepping up my civic activity and making the best use of my time.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Who drives with their Dog on top of their car? On the the Freeway yet! Pretty messed up lol Answer yenmoR ttiM
If you are or know of a business that wants to share what they are doing with others, be sure they post their information here.
Thx Rich! Let's plan 2 get 2gether! Very nice video Shawn! It looks like now I am coming to DC Jan 23-27. Hope to see you there
New number 1-855-ATL-COMPUTER, better service, same owner!
Guys who love their family.
i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w. Yo sexy Body =]
IF YOU'RE A MAHOMIE THEN FOLLOW COME ON GUYS!! :)
Man, I am so over work.
"It's your reaction to adversity, not the adversity itself, that determines how your life's story will develop." ~Dieter F. Uchtdorf
team effort but thank you
Lil Jon retweeted my post. My life is officially legit.
Just do it!
I have skinnier ones lol
Spending the rest of my last night with my primo Sipping GG at
how about "tobacco"?
The hard part of a creating a budget, every single #tactic counts to the smallest detail!
not me ;p
sorry girl, pool life and nerd life have conflicting ideologies, hah
Can't find a show that matches my dress, ugh.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture....
I love the fact delivered puppy chow to me last night
It was nice seeing you today. U waved to me and I got a pic <3 :)
We're playing tourist again :D HE-LO sun! <U+2600>
Meeting with my editor, looks like I'm writing about the Kübler-Ross Five Stages of Grief for the Cipher this block.
My piece 'Eleven Lovesongs' will be performed in Cambridge, Ma tonight at Lily Pad.
Got called in to work morning show. On scene of fatal fire. See you at 5am. I'll have more info.
Portlanders plan vigil to mark the anniversary of the first anniversary of occupy Portland getting evicted from park.
your chances of becoming a guest blogger go up exponentially if you attach a blog post with your initial pitch
it finally stopped yes yes.
Use your "real eyez"to "realize"the "real-lies"
no love?
I chose Denver's Front Porch as my 2nd session. It's already off to an inspiring start! Great thoughts from folks
Team Jesus,,,,,LETS GO
Babysitting an adorable lil girl =) she's 5
haha yeah right! His money isn't long like mine lol
Good Morning Phenomenal Woman !
Hope you are having a warm Friday :)
Yay my brother said he'd split diablo 3 with me :D
We play tomorrow night at 9pm. Thank you for reminding us to tweet about it. :)
#myidol - Heejun did much better than usual. Good for him. He might stick around yet.
RT: A3: isnt everything a little funnier with a drink? Plus more money for the venues and good old sponsors
Working on getting prices up on our new website to make it a bit easier for you to order from us. Also working on some sample pack ideas.
be carefull you might drop that thun thun thun & no one wants that of course .
That's kinda gross, what does it smell like?
How was Everyone's holiday?!
not one of Matt's best tracks but with the season he's having I'll take him to win tonight.
guys add me let me get to one of the vostrifollower 5,000,000 for the benefit for me is important
so damn
Houston girls love it goes down Atlantic girls love the way it goes down Famous girls love the way it Goes down - the real her Drake
Still parking at Spaulding lot
nice weather, nice lions season now the tigers need to win the wold series
bitches are funny as fuck. i dont want your ugly ass boyfriend. clearly i gots mines. hop of now,kthanks.
I don't like you so maybe you should leave <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
I can't think harder. AHH
Brenda Lee Johnson? She kicks ass.
Hey - is anyone else turned off that Facebook and Google own you with their privacy policies? Thoughts?
Thanks!! :) We appreciate the follow too!!
lol bubble?? I live in a triangle.. Fuxk wit me lol
I wish I could go c one direction Monday but of course not because the world hates ( this week is goin just great) w.e
I had one that was a hard calcium deposit. The doctor slit it open and took out this small rock. Cool.
RIGHT NOW IS GREAT....CALL ME I'M WIDE AWAKE....
ugggg I need some of that stat!
International Business Forum this morning by at SkySong was excellent. Reps from Germany, Italy, Spain, China and Canada.
We will be tweeting live from the event all weekend, so keep checking in for pictures and updates of what is going on...
On the highway, we are behind a car labeled "Google Self-Driving Car."
DOH - totally did it wrong. Where's Everyone Goin For New Year's - we're going to Wasilla, Talkeetna, and Fairbanks!!
So tender,
rack city
wasn't showing up earlier but my last couple did. Looked for thread but it's buried after all activity today. Thanks again
Point being, you gotta be true to YOU. Don't give the people what they want, give the people what you think they need.
exactly how I look when I mop ;) all beautiful thanks to you, mrs. Svay!
enjoy beautiful redwood city. :) bring me back some pliny the elder beer! :)
Thanks for the #ff mention. Right back at ya!
Question of the day: Does size matter??
Zombie movies do the body good. Free comic book day tomorrow!
There were 25 players in today's noon tournament. The top 3 places get paid, first is $1516. Join us for our next tournament tonight at 7 pm
“: Happy Mother's Day to all the pet Moms out there too! ;)” a Mom is a Mom
That sounds like Lay's Potato Chips...
i really really hate history.
I'm a fan of Capital One. No international fees. And the points add up-- not fast, but it's decent.
If Greece exits: beginning of the end for Euro. Greece will be the template for jumping ship. (Titanic)
slash the rest of the cubs bullpen
that THING was last year .... one time and thats it.
All #Brewers Fans-Stop by tonight to see George #Kottaras bartending & serving you drinks! Starting at 9pm with the Brewers Diamond Dancers
can't*
2,977 People, 10 Years, 4 Planes, One World. R.I.P. to all the victims of 9/11, 2001. You will always be remembered.
CASA LATINO REAL ESTATE SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA WILL BE AT SAN JOSE CONVENTION CENTER OCTOBER 6-8 C.A.R. EXPO. COME BY AND SAY HELLO!
Ways to make me fall for you: Let me wear your jacket for the day, hold my hand in public, and tell me sweet little things.
There's an app for that
84 on my geometry test YESS!!(; ...I thought I was gunna fail
Cleveland, Durham, Winston Salem, Boston, Sarasota, Indianapolis, Toronto, Ashland, St. Louis...here comes DETROPIA!
- lmaoo damn !!! That's sum Kodak shidd to say
“: I was informed the #Nats have called up reliever Ryan Perry. ” Bigger news than Bryce Harper!
Soon, babe. Soon soon soon.
Nothing energizes better than a nice round of kickboxing.
Need new music...recommendations, please.
So, I went to tweet you & found out that apparently I was no longer following you...huh??? Ha ha, NO idea! See you bright 'n early!
Watching everybody try to act important at ESPN party. That being said, our suck asses haven't got in yet...lol.
Yea...I have no life and just girl done practicing my routine...
From my point of view, real estate is rocking & rolling!
my day is great I'll go shopping :)
can we please make a statement about c-web's jeans? It's a bad sign when Shaq shows you up!
Am I the only person that hasn't seen Think Like A Man... and Avengers??!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Why is it that the world gets smaller and people get farther away???
just remebered why i forgot why i blocked out the earth song video by Michael Jackson. the dead elephants def marred by 9 y.o. mind lol
Cut off your nose #ToSpiteYourFace :)
thanks chef! Your the man
During Lent, we're prepared to serve you Hand-Spun Milkshakes, Freshly-Squeezed Lemonade, and Freshly-Brewed Iced Tea
CHUCK BROWN "FUNKY BEAT"
People of LA! After you download my new record, get your ass to Shabazz Palaces/THEE Satisfaction at The Echo!
at home with friends sis how come u haven't been on in ages :( -Thomas
We second that vote! RT : Come to !
no problem, but Logan you owe me.. HA!!
Thanks! I fixed. Good catch on your part :)
edgilliam75: Pepsi Resurrects The Late Michael Jackson To Sell ...
yup. Shits terrible.
Hey Manish... TGIF. I was checking out your website and noticed your IDX is super cool. Who do you use and do you like them?
I hate those fucking black framed glasses with no prescription in them.
Why do I think of fax machines every time I see a QRcode?
that's appropriate, know why? 'Cause today is #KREAYDAY cause got the swag, & it's pumpin' out her ovaries.
MAKING MY WAY BACK UP COULDNT WAIT A WEEK BOUT TO GET BANNED AGAIN
email or call me!!
hey! Icarnt wait to c u's on tuesday :)
Why do females lie?
Some of y'all impress me, but most of y'all don't.
Someone come make me lunch
blah blah blah
But you Lord are a Compassionate & Gracious God, Slow to anger,Abounding in Love & Faithfulness. Psalm 86:15
We offer 50% off sushi menu for dine-in and 40%-off menu for take out orders. Guarantee they're not the so so rolls, they are totally yummy!
Om2 if I give you some sex videos , would you watch it? And blame it? Bitch please
Every time you hear the word #oscars, give a toast to Angostura bitters! Cheers!
so he needs to score 45 to not get the *
OKC SPURS & HEAT FINALS
RT : Revising: Earliest round 2 could start for Spurs is Saturday. Latest is Tuesday.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. —Andy Rooney
youre even more the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> love you tiffffy
haha thanks! RT:“: Awesome band! Northwest represent :)”
Can you please accompany to my 8th grade dance this Saturday?!(: <33
Ahem... RT : I have a weird feeling that a great deal of Pabst will be consumed this evening.
I have taken into consideration inflation and the skyrocketing cost of living.
Made lunch and both my cat and dog layed down at my feed begging for some haha
Dudes are even playing DEFENSE.
happy birthday i love u with all my heart #waystomakemehappy is that u have a wonder birthday <3
Awkward Valentines Dance for me !! :P
Thanks for the follow! I hope you find my tweets informative.
It has to be a bird, while hilarious (that no-arm thing really gets me) are annoying little creatures. Ugh
Sometimes I wish I were as dumb as my brother.
I prefer what they're doing in Orlando - kicking the TSA out and going private!
took a picture and thats all. & wasnt he in the philippines a while back?
ha! Me too! It helps me so much to hold myself accountable when I put my "quiet-time thoughts" out there for the world!
If Greinke and Marcum both hit FA, they might want to use that $13 million or whatever it is to try to resign one of them
Tomorrow im rockin wit Bone Crusher boutta give yaw a Show!!..L's Up!
I stand for Obama because I stand for equality.
this looks more than amazing
Really psyched about seeing & Iona live this year (not @ same time), but am listening to Trapt & System of a Down. Huh?
"Let me slip into something more."
Do you think there have been closed-door conversations at ESPN about Mel Kiper Jr.'s hair?
When installed, I had 2 weeks of no service because HD box was faulty. I am being charged FULL (non-promo) price for that time
I got 6 hours of sleep, I'm ready to go.
FJM type moves?? RT Can understand pessimism if this is the team for the rest of the year, but have to think moves are made soon.
Babbitt will save us...
I am probably one of the few people who has NO interest in seeing "The Avengers" and you know what - don't care!!!
On the bright side, the snowblower provided my kid with an entire morning of fascination. We call it the snow-lawnmower in these parts.
Walking Bella with my little nephew. Si much fun.
No northern lights, too cloudy... And since I was all alone in a dark field, it felt more like the ghosts were hunting me!
We are so looking forward to it. See you tomorrow!
Guess what? In "Africa" they DO know it's Christmas, it DOES snow, & I would like BandAid to stuff it. Happy Kwanzaa!
Welcome to the team Keith Oliveira, Denis Jones, Chuck Porcheron, Chris Fluke, Gary Saladino, and Christopher Rocha
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
After weeks of fighting it, it's official: I like "How I met your mother." :(
ahh.. I recorded it...soo I watched it when I woke up., because it came on at 6am&that was to early for me! Lool.
I'm the fuckin' man, you don't get it do you?
Just got finish buying my babydaddy his graduation gift and card !!!!!
you really should. It's hard to imagine the guy doing something like that but what do we really know about him?
hopefully this mixtape will be done by this weekend gotta get my nigga on dis last song nd we done
finished doing some contact maintenance.
Bad business spreads faster than good business. Imma spread ur bad business fo sho lol
Any hints??
Looking 4someone to lend/donate a Christmas tree for an event on Dec. 14th/15th.contact Lorena Flournoy,
If you are headed to the 'Bury, hit up Brandon. I'm sure he would like to chill.
sent via DM
"Today we destroy the works of man and replace them with the works of El Seed!"
hi! Can a 5% Savings Reward coupon be used to buy 5-cent sale wine?
....since u stunned us with your all white pant suit 8th grade graduation. :)
I'm sre Cal had everything to do with Camby talking money from NBA folk....I also trust the Government.
perfect. I'll bring the beer. See you next Sunday
Good morning to the amazing people that follow me i appreciate it you guys or girls are awesome
GOD BLESS YOU FOR CALLING ME SO I CAN LISTEN.
Did I miss the part where this wasn't Durants team anymore, now Westbrooks?? When did this shift take place?
I followed
dude I feel that way everyday and at times I see one that stands out and I want to say hi
You need to try it with friends too, it's fun lmao....o it's E.T. Lol :D
Oh, thanks! Despite Atlanta Time Machine being one of the best sites ever, I still hadn't seen that picture yet.
not really, the last two I read...Liar and The Passage disappointed me. So I'm with you...looking
"Something" the most successful song George ever wrote, with more than 150 cover versions to date his favorite was James Brown's version
Enjoy you this weekend
NV Michel Arnould Brut Rosé #Champagne. 3 yrs on lees. Fine mousse. Dry, hints of rosewater, strawberry, current. Big acid. 87 pts
hope we were repped well! Do tell...
Where in the world is Elisabeth Mason? Our CEO is in Miami today, home of one of our great partners, Miami Dade College.
Thank you! Well said
The billboards in AC are a catalog o people I didn't know still had careers. The Naked Cowboy? Big Bad Voodoo Daddy?
"Like" Parties by Treco on Face Book! Get updates & deals. Calling All of ATL & Athens Book a party on Oct 15 &Take 15% off any 1 item.
"Relax" is clearly the least relaxing thing you can say to a person.
Seeing All Time Low in June
good job! You followed me! (:
lol I know. Welcome back to the Twitter world!!!
Tomorrow, enjoy some frozen yogurt at and they will give 20% of all dollars spent to PLNU Athletics.
Everyone watch Tonight! Couples Therapy at 10pm....my boyfriend surprises me! :)
Weekends are best for now since my weekdays are fully booked.
Matt Flynn spending the night in Seattle,Oh shit here comes the hookers and booze.
Thanks, your talk was a Home Run! #g2i. Lots of great takeaways
is there any plan to make a left handed setting for magic guitar?
now you see why chris paul is a player you trade away a whole team to get and melo is not
Good morning, Anita. I hope you have a wonderful shoot and day!
Great day. has another very happy user and the IRS just sent me a refund. Boom!
ha of course :)!
Be kind to everybody
what statue is the white talking about that I need to see in San Diego?
start making some noise
My Grandma is doing better, and may even be going home from the hospital soon! Such a strong woman, even at 85 <U+2665>
Yankees Rule Twins Drool #twins v
Passerby pointed out a bench to a man stooped on my street w/ a cane. He shouted, "No!! Never do I come so far to stop so short of the goal"
Daylight savings is going forward an hour, not a day. Idk why I keep thinking its going to be Monday when I wake up lol
First Orch dress of #MatrimonioSegreto #opera tonight as rehearses in Chicago. Wish I were twins!
So glad I welcomed Tommy back to the Shark Tank...Game tying goal, that a boy! Let's take 2 points home now!!
I feel ya. The trick is to anticipate annoyance and leave the convo/room before it does. It beats teeth gnashing.
But we have rfid ekgs and rocketpacks and pig organs. All you want is a toilet scale? Done!
I feel a million times better today! Going to the dr and try and get some blog work done while my little germ takes a nap!
You are sweet! Yes, I am but I don't have details just yet. I'll keep you updated : )
Watching the film #Candy starring James Coburn along with Ringo Starr, Richard Burton, and Marlon Brando to name a few
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Not stalking at all! Merely appreciating a fine artistic specimen of a man. (Yeah, that's it...)
Great qtns 4rm Reddit! If our govt can afford the most expensive military, Y can't they afford 2 provide health care. It wud save more lives
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -Albert Einstein
Our show tonight at The Crossroads kicked ass! Getting nothing but great responses from the crowds, lovin' my new guitar, it's all good!!!
Alright we need to get into modeling. Why are you so hot sissy??
"I could eat grapefruit everyday!"
“: Left the lovely Enchantment, drove back to PA. Now going to take out for lunch, show her around a bit :)”/yay!
....I just mistaked yall for The Sound of Music
WKU beat Louisville this year and made the sweet 16 last year, almost hard to call them Cinderella too
Tonight I received 4 friend requests on Facebook from people I know. Hope everyone likes pictures of dogs.
Read at your own risk: Cory Monteith spills to us that Finn will finally learn Quinn's baby-daddy secret in the next episode
I'm 12th out of 122 in state for swimming!
11:11 wishes don't work.
Follow me
You ever been in Bed Bath and Beyond in Chelsea? 8 zillion customers in there that would be miserable whether staff was or not
DUKE DUKE!! ;) RT : Maryland has to be in my top 3 loudest arenas to play in. Yall already know who's
RT : "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." - Max Eastman
if I'm your son where's my allowance and the keys to the car.
for all wwe fan out there... i hope orton and legacy loses tonight....:-)
you have too much awesome content... Finding it hard to stay on top of things.
Toenail is back(: toenail went shopping(: Austin bought me a cute little toe sweater to keep me warm(:
Listening to music puts me to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I suppose I can't win if I don't enter. I'm only now downloading pics from DC as I type this to you!
I'm seriously about to throw my lap top against the wall...It's so slow..
I wanna hand out candy
most likely. Which is nice of him. I mean to not judge us as being only fans and not girls just hanging out at the pool.
No I'm not love. But thank you :)
What do you want to see that clusterfuck for anyway?
Those hairs that don't know whether they want to part left or right <<<<
What's some dope new plugins out getting my arsenal and ammo ready
Give it to me right or dnt give it to me at all!
Alyssa stop, I'm done with the drama between you two! I love you both but stop saying shit like this..
ya lol but it's still SO GOOD
#atxcouncil on to specific departments. planning and development review up first
In class suckin up helium out a balloon n my teacher goes stop huffing like wtf it aint like u ain't did it stfu
Love and Miss you Too
thanks guys! I'll need to check out some good coffee too.
thanks for your support!
please check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Who knows where I can get a nice flower for my mom? :)
2-0 as I typed that. But watch them get pegged back.
Taco cabana!
We'd love to get some Revolution Cider at the bar! Let's set something up soon.
hi, good girl<3
I just favorited about 5 tweets all about my butt..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
no! Its okay, its chill here:)
Welp, I made it through an entire Monday with my shirt inside out.
What a beautiful day here in New Jersey. I better take advantage of it! Enjoy your day everyone! xoxo
ihop sucks they can't even make scrambled eggs right lol
You are welcome for both, we love our local tweeters
RT September issue is here on will be in stores 9/20, make sure you pick up your copy.
Or maybe I'm just a grumpy bitch.
John Stamos and his bongos better come out soon!
True! The trailblazers make the rules!
you guys have been solid, the rest of the world is losing their freaking minds though!
finna get my day started
for the win by decision. He's now an undefeated 43-0..
“: This Friday, Fulham v. Everton - 3PM eastern.” Is this a debate on the BBC?
I can't wait for daylight savings. Warmer weather and longer days is where it's at!!!
#ThisSummerImTryna do as much as possible and be in the sun as often as possible.
Go! USA
My greatest fear is losing my mom <3
Somehow show up for my 9:30 only to see we are watching a movie, could of still been sleeping
On the road again. Just can't wait to get on the road again...."
you are so ugly when you cry.
hahaha for real!!
Today's #alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is -starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing afterward.
Finding out that Windows 7 search isn't as accurate as the XP search
that is how its supposed to be, otherwise your going to set yourself up for failure everyday
I know it sucks D;
Do you ever get to Austin? Such fab stores there for every color boot.
yup defense cost him 3 games this year
Man George Karl looks old
Do I start #BeanieWells or the #Lawfirm today?
I hate being sick...It's like the 1 thing I hate the MOST
Why am I watching shows in Spanish?
Slinging Ink is free, but don't forget to tip your bartenders! See you on May 8.
Really great crowd from and attending this year! What a time it's going to be!
It is Mifflin Weekend....
Looking forward to visiting Sunburst ChalleNGe Academy w/ and this afternoon!
Def check out - grab some food there, wander across st to to hear bout hx of street!
i hope notices me. shes my idol <3
I like how the palate evolves on the Laurenz V. Apple up front, moving into peach and honeydew mid, adding some salt on the finish
Mark Bauerlein: Tough for teachers to convert ed tech tools from social medium to learning one. "Quality control issue."
The traveling sure taxes the data plan, but at least I can see Hoboken from my lunch bench.
Pro tip from : You face shouldn't take up more than 40 percent of your album cover.
searches on Hootsuite haven't worked for me during the past 24 hours
Two Biggest Plays on the Board Today in College Hoops are Colorado State at Pk to +1 Over UNLV and George Mason -4 over No Iowa! $$$$
so true! i told my friends boyfriend the exact same thing the other day for reall....
Congrats on a job well done #APSA. Very helpful virtual brown bag session!
Parents are always trying to tell you how your life should be no matter how old you get.
babysitting on a saturday <<<
well the apple don't fall far from the tree ur mom must be ugly too then BITCH!!!!!
good luck and bring home the gold:)
OUCH....still?????????That stinks........then again we are supposed to drop back to rain and gloom next week.
Musings: Real girls aren't perfect. Perfect girls aren't real. Seems so simple...
mhmm. I'll be pretty for ya!
tropical leaves
lol! Your friends are bizarre. Those tweets I woke up to.
Good night. <3
#IfYouGoneCheat At Least Let The Bitch Be Bad So I Can't Hate!!
I want a shoutout
Softball would be great right now!
umm, I do the same thing. Does that make it better or freakier?
I wish you'd left it! I laughed out loud!
Thanks, Cheryl!
#HPTouchpad I wonder who will hack the webOS first...I like the OS access to the android marketplace would make this the best 158 spent
The happiest people I know don't have the best of everything. They just MAKE the best of everything. Cultivate a positive attitude today.
who's happier Frank or Jamie? cc:
had a great show at watson galleries last night! the place was rockin'
what day are you going to Berkley Days?
can you take a pic of the glasses?
"Perspective. Get some." Totally agree. Often the difference between a meh shot and a wow shot.
Is that before or after finals?
watching napoleon dynamite!
It sucks when you have a lot of girls, find one you like, drop all the other girls, and get played by girl you liked.
I'm going skiing & enjoying this fine winter weather! RT : Pack Nation: Are you guys prepared to watch the playoffs tomorrow?
Another low pass to 84... who was wide open.
ur making me hungry!
At a wedding?
ughh me too :-\
excellent AWP! happy to see everyone in chicago!
i just love you to pieces...xoxo
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all offenses. Proverbs 10:12
Quebec House Cleveland Park bar crawl continues...
See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
#thatawkwardmoment when your in church and you Judas ringtone goes off...
Happy Friday, Twitter Friends! What's for lunch?
BEACH UMBRELLAWhere to find new unique portable BEACH UMBRELLA - patio umbrellas
you know this Mann
Me and Nick just almost died. I don't even know what to say.
Nah, he shouldn't be champ in 2012.
We really need a 3B, DH, and i'd like another outfielder (unless Schafer is the answer). Definitely need pitching.
Great Job.That asbestos is no joke...Keeping the kids safe and healthy..
our website will be launched very soon! We look forward to sharing our specials and connecting with everyone
thanks, nice to 'tweet' you too. Enjoy a wonderful Friday!
Today's #Summerfest with and and of course - Remember, 5:00 PM Rock Stage!
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ~ Gandhi
Can klout handle more then one twitter account? I have a personal and a professional twitter account
Crap I'm nervous.
thinking about objective of "destroy christianity, remake the world in my own image" on my resume; see who still brings me in for interview
bells! Thats awesome! :)
Is there a listing of the menu items posted anywhere? Definitely need crab legs.
For you Jesus, for you Jesus, for you Jesus, I'll do it!
when you make it to Houston, you'll have to hit me up! I want to see you SO bad<3
might be true but if yr tryin to play the bad guy yr doing a good job. Some things are better left unsaid.
Oh I totally agree. :) Now that today is here and all the stuff HAS to be done, I'm strangely feeling much better about it!
hope you had a relaxing weekend..did you get any meditating in?
Before any agreements can be reached, all voices need to heard. And race isn't the only piece here. (class, age..)
Gamers > Super Computers :) I'm looking forward to trying FoldIt.
You're too sweet!! I've done some side work! I'm unsigned, but I want to sign with an agent this summer & then dual in Miami! :))
look me in my eyes & try and feel my pain.
Where is the Library? Do you have any other collaboration with them? I vote for an even exchange of ideas. #share :)
Make another friday movie
wow that's garbage
Another day of listening to the derp filled mewlings of no-nothing yokels.
okay,combining sports and a mission minded direction seems like it has some possibilities God is everywhere, FAN UP!
anyone thats ever held me down or supported me... Its deeply appreciated... Lets stray from the norm and keep the soul in hip hop
dreams of still playing football #breakmyheart :/ ugh
thanks for the time“: Check out Sunday's Wisconsin State Journal for the interview I did w/ about #Wisconsin Rapids
sent message (least I think I did...I'm not really familiar with twitter...also included your in the group pm...)
Wow... This New York trip is going to be a busy one.
i'm glad cause the highest level is jedi general, and its defined by the rank of weapons and awards both reaching legendary lvl
Long story short, while listening to Say Somethin my ovaries exploded.
you can't eat that shit everyday Fred.....lay off the bacon..... case its'
Jealous! Can't wait for baseball season to come back!!
Thanks again, Lou. Very cool of you!
Stop in today and declare your independence from high mattress prices!!! Happy 4th to everyone out there and thanks again to our troops!
:) thanks Matt!
Lost again this is just #stupid #nflblitz too
omg wish I had a hoodie
Lol Txt me !!
Someone PLEASE go to the Moxie with me tonight! PLLLLLEAAAASE.
Fridays at the C-J, Veda confronts someone about something. Today she and the executive editor are debating Red Lobster.
We did! Sigh... better luck next time.
How stupid do you think I am?
Best Friends: You laugh, I laugh. You cry, I cry. You fall, I laugh then I fall too because I was laughing so hard . <U+2764>
“#Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.” - Mason Cooley
Ah! Sorry for the late response. I hope everything went well for you!!
i like the word fagget. your a fagget. im a fagget. were all faggets.
Pizza is a vegetable... college students must be the healthiest group in America then....
who cares...everyone dies, not everyone lives
hey im waiting for you @ the venue. promise to stop and take some pics? love you<3
New style of painting by Ellen A. Lewis. See it at tonight's opening- Sat. 6/4, 7-10pm, Sycamore Pl. Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
Wait , That Could Be A Bad Thing : |
maybe 10? I'm at a family bbq/baby shower...
it's just tough when we finally solve technical challenges and find that the bigger problem is human in nature.
This morning's run = TERRIBLE. I can't even really call it a "run." Lost a full minute on my pace. Too. Hot.
Oh is that what you do? RT : Pop my collar then I swing my chain
Work out flow
Real women are grateful for the little things!
Sup, how ya been, u ain't go out tonight, jim porter popping!
: "Oh, you finally got to first base? You playa, you." .....
There was an open seat on the bus and a guy sat down right as a girl was walking over to it. Guys, be gentlemen. Don't be a loser like him.
tanned for 3 hours today & see no difference
Had fun....she makes me happy
Arianna Huffington rips Obama for Osama ad: ‘One of the most despicable things’
u already know
Is Narnia under my bed then?
Join us at HT Hillcrest (5th & University) Grand Opening,Feb 18th 5-8pm! Open Bar,entertainment featuring Paris Sukomi Max & Disco Dolly!
Shout Out to the couple of the week & !! Love is in the air..LoL
Ima Make My Remix Of Marvins Room.
lmao it is
So Trayvon Martin had marijuana in his system. I've done my share of smoke over the years and NEVER did it make me violent. On the contrary.
Took a long nap and now I'm hyper as hell
RT : !Always do right. That will gratify some of the people, and astonish the rest.Mark Twain
“: Irish will play you anywhere at anytime. Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and my favorite Lucas Oil Stadium.”
We hope everyone has a great weekend! Study hard and get some sun- #shine!
10 more to go! Every 100th follower gets a $5 Frenchy's card. Who's it gonna be?
Just cause you don't like someone doesn't mean everyone else has to hate them too.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
Consultant mtg today. Us: "We work as a team." Consultant:"I don't hear that very often." Me: We also don't tell the truth very often."
S/O TO ALL MY #Dreamchasers thats on a 100MILES OF RUNNING I got my Tracks on #LETSGO!!!
Plan your day right by knowing which establishments to go to and what they sell.
LeXXah Drew COMING HARD w/ SINGLE, "I CAN" AVAILABLE NOW on iTunes NEW Jump-Start FAME (Female Athletes Motivating Each other) Theme Song!!!
I filmed a movie in Jupiter, FL. Its a nice vacation spot. Have fun!
Outside of flipping the bird that halftime show kind of sucked.
We just reached the 500 member mark. Yay!
RT : ITs better to be single. than to have someone who is half way there, or doesnt want to be there...
Indeed, they won't be happy till we repeal the 19th amendment and institute a national church
BEST... COSTUMES... EVER
My daddy said ii don't need no broke nigga. Lmao He tryna tell me bout life y'all.
Thanks to our new follower.please check out our new VIP section for free poker books and charts. Take your next game level.
Rob worked the dance floor and the Kardashian/Jenner dynasty worked the audience.
to b honest I think wwe is fuckin him up, like he look like a Gud ring wrestler, its just he shouldn't do dem 5 moves
Dolphins beat the pats also.
If I do, it would be Thursday or Friday afternoon. I'm done at 11 on Thurs, and 1 on Friday, but I have a few meetings.
four more seasons of #thewire just off side stories.... just wrote em
The lost and that's just about it.
Officials ,cops, judges use their power to help friends ,and " ENFORCE the law "on the rest. If U poor, U in trouble, but that always !
There's probably a good reason for it smelling like a horse....
I does. It did surprise me to hear her name at first. Like if a kid now was named Jerry. Just goes with a different era.
I guess its true when they say females be wanting a real man but yet get em & don't know how to treat em..
reading old tweets is the best
yeah she's my best friend<3
y'all got that W!!!
Me and hott girlfriends at topnotchescorts.net are available to play
Lol game over
Packing up boxes of Saucesome to mail out, drinking a beer and watching Ken Burns' Baseball. Thanks, presidents!
Did the dummy and spilled my shit...
Why you all up in my face with this bullshit
Today in 1977, The Passion of Dracula opened off #bway based on Bram Stokers Dracula.
Fire up your morning with a delicious spicy chicken biscuit.
Missing my little .... It's been awhile since we hung out... Always good times!!
Finally got the Google Wave invite!
RT : are you ready?? Bring it tonight
Watching Tim Ezel of train with for his upcoming bout with at ATT Evolution gym in saint Louis
Huge backup at Castro station. I guess F line it is
found out that I like yoga today.
we still going to eagle creek?
naw, just on the server now... will put on github when I get to campus!
u didn't answer my "QUESTION"
Its also a pleasant thing that while out of gas on the side of the road, others stopped and asked if I needed help
Only the Lord Jesus Christ Himself can fully satisfy our deepest need.
I just want to be the man God has called me to be and if I can achieve that everything else is REQUIRED to fall in line!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You get the first dorky quote of the day. awesome.
Thanks will do!
Thats a wrap! Looking forward to another day... oh wait... that day has already arrived! I'll say goodmorning in 8 hrs! :)
lets see if you can go 2-0 this weekend. How will your #lions rebound from their first loss?
Heyy Share My YouTube Channel please thank you
Chicago sports today? PERFECT!! #Blackhawks #WhiteSox ok even
Thanks ! Cause it's not like I'm gonna drive to like LA anytime soon so SF would be nice btw where do u live ? US? :)
why didn't we get a Grammy nomination for label of the year? sheesh.
I think the comic book guy is working on this train...
At the same damn time!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer39
o lol. I was like damn that's enough of that.
Sherlock Holmes with a cellphone. Huh.
Will be commuting from PDX. Should've mentioned that <U+263A>
same here! Would love to cover your show again this year for ! Let me know.
At the #SXSW expo. Stop by the booth!!
I will dm u later I have to go shopping lol
just tapped his new Boogeyman Black Lager ! It won't last long, beer fans! #Come&GetIt
We are number one. All others are number two or lower.
Come with me, Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadadadada...
Love your photos Hazel
Congrats Blake griffin, you had the worst plus minus on your team. I hope those dunks (fouls) make you feel better about losing (again)
Retweet if you honk when other people honk!
perfectly prepped for 6am flight this morning w just my full blown volume mascara + smudge stick in lionfish
The unfortunate thing is that I'm leaving the country tomorrow so I will not be playing videogames for a while, unless they have them there.
Let me rephrase that. It seems - early thoughts - having the back end picks in this year's nonPPR format will suck.
Me too, but someone needed to hold down the fort. ;) Have a fun week!
i think i have so much resentment for them because i feel so betrayed. it cannot be helped at this point.
[Ian looks sheepish]
you gonna play wideout?
how many are yours?
See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work
I told Thursday and you Wednesday! There is enough of me to go around <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
S/O to all my new followers
So am I.
THANK YOU! Two sons and a daughter-in-love with me today. Surrounded by love.
Happy #taxday everyone! A shout-out 2 & La Casa de Esperanza 4 providing free tax prep 4 many in our community
Chopped...but let's go Lakers
Mainstream music lacks diversity and quality
fuck off to who ever is calling us " mahomos ". I don't understand why we can't get along.
should get an ingstagram so all smilers could stalk her page 24:7
It wasn't to bad like I thought
I see u
Not a good start to the day...
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland!give me your email&i'll send u more info on the concert
RT : Got to get up f4 = calm demeanor, positive mojo and good team captain approach, Boehner needs some work
There has to be a light at the end of this tunnel. Just has to be.
Get VIP any night for Birthday, Bachelor/Bachelorette, Anniversary, or Holiday parties! Text "VIP" to 414.335.9569 for options & pricing!...
Me and my Lil dip today >>>>that's cute
Thanks for taking the time to write up his response. I think I might use your post in one of my classes next week.
14% is virtually no taxes
Friday happy hour try my "Melon Melange", st germain, Esprit de June, Gin, blended w/ watermelon, strawberry, basil, soda. $5
Poor she thinks she's going to get an ass !
We should be bffs. RT : The sounds of multiple motorcycles out & about is music to my city girl ears...
“La chance sourit aux audacieux.” - Fortune favors the brave.
Got the Toy Story print in my cart and the site froze. Bummer.
I can't stand my sisters bf .
Graduation is taking so fucking long. needa <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA> w/
Day 1 of games of #brewersfaNtasycamp in the books. My team, Money Ball, coached by Don Money & Cecil Cooper is 1-1. Was 1-5. Solid AB's.
Kim is a Liar... Those shoes don't make you butt look good/bigger!
Thanks for the follow
That's how the cholos spell it. Orale!
umh noo its called you being the best babe ever (:
What kind of an asshole blasts "hot in here" in 2012? Oh he just drove by let me find out.
Next Dream Job show: Sat. July 23rd with We'll be trying out some new stuff...perhaps...
any recommendations for what to see at the #TribeccaFilmFestival?
Is the game not being carried on Extra Innings?:(
Hell yeah Rangers!!
Oh, I am. Yesterday I ate....and didn't wait 30 minutes to exercise.
The first weekend of college for a bunch of kids. Be careful!
Still awake and ready. 20 minutes.
I broke the replay button. Seriously. It's not working for me, anymore. asdfghjkl<3
2 different sports brah, no disrespect, but I had high expectations 4 the #Bulls this yr
Well, saw the movie, and Supermoon is NOT one of the Avengers. :(
Your welcome! I'm so glad others liked it too:)
then, you can keep the pillow; I don't want it anymore :/
I have butterflies in my stomach! What if I have forgotten how to use a knife? Unlikely, I know, but it seems entirely possible right now.
we can't express how amazing our fans are. thank you so much!
The difference of race is one of the reasons why I fear war may always exist because race implies difference, difference implies
yes I finally came to PT lol
they have a podcast section...It's all FREE to listen to! Also the archive page at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!
Man these last 2 weeks have taken there toll
sounds good
---let us know when you're thinking about coming so that we can resume our hang. really enjoyed 2010 with you, CE n' the kids.
"upward mobility" is a bad metric for "success" in my view. How about integrity, equality in the home, positive parenting?
special #ff love you and god bless u princess x
Silence and obscurity
I HATE when people text back saying "lol" -______- you might as well not even reply. Sheesh
Welcome to the party, pal
I hate when people go on facebook just to get sympathy. Nobody cares about your problems bro.
im not gonna see austin for 6 months!
Optimized Local Listings Boost Traffic and Revenue - Hospitality 1st (press release)
hahah straight up. I was just rapping Ain't No Fun by Snoopy. <3
Two more days with plenty to do before Spring Break. Ugh.
#WilliamandCheryl KILLED IT!!
#sdmayornp looks like no mention of global climate change or innovative, clean energy strategies, like CCA. Filner and Fletcher talk sewage.
That's really good! I wish I could do that! :)
Diet is also a very important part of any long term weight loss program. This is a long process, consistency is most important.
RT : Encroaching mortality: with time, life like a party at which guests randomly taken out by a concealed sniper.
looking forward to power networking for introverts webinar today!
i might b getin a job Monday it would b awesome
What up bro its Nick.
Today is a day for Demon Days
"girl yes I'm pregnant but I still hit the club, in the middle of the floor no shoes wessup"!!! :D lmao Love the ratchet girl anthem! :)
Cell phone bingo... Someones gonna win an ipad from Capitol Records today next number 11:35am
The best curve on a girl is her smile :)
Omg could we pleaseeaaa bring #hardknocks back to #NYJets this year!!! I would love to see #Tebows face the first time Rex Ryan drops a GD!
you gonna be able to make it to EP?
“: #cosigned RT : It's official. Gave up my apt in NY. Moving to LA. Bring on the sunshine.” Awesome!! Welcome!!
Prologue & Chapter one of my new story The Way I Loved You is in my favorites. Please read and RT! (: Thanks!
#IWantToBe with all the time more then anything...
I'm guessing since Oprah hasn't done a two hour reunion special celebrating it, the answer is no. “: Can Suri Cruise talk?”
Duly noted! A gem from youth, fersure!
Tyrese is still sexy.
And then my parents wonder why I never wanna be home
star wars. Still NO MEDAL!
follow me maybe? I do.t care what the judges say Mos wanted crew KILLED IT! :)))
If they're surprised they obviously don't know u very well..(I'm Just Sayin)
let's go right now!! :) lol
yes I am in NYC. You?
#tcbsm4hr on what's next: image recognition requires more user explanation than QR but back end relatively same. Great 1st session by Louis.
Hey girl
I forget, I how much did Bush and the Repulicans contribute to the 15 trillion! You really do think people are that dumb!!
Seems a waste, me sitting at home, doing some volunteer web design, doing some volunteer grant writing, doing research, posting and comment…
Seen Avengers yet?
the University of Tampa, Florida
Perfect day for a family shoot in Georgetown. It was nice and green even with all this drought going on in Texas.
GO GIANTS
Tomorrow stop by King Soopers, 7575 S. University, Littleton to sample our sausage and chorizo. We will be there from 1-7pm.
Wanna know the secret to prosper in every area of your life? Answer=Obedience. GOD BLESSES YOUR OBEDIENCE. PERIOD!
Are you ready for the playoffs?
Really? Wow.
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
If your cardigan is longer than your skirt, something is wrong
It only gets more bizarre from here on out.
We're not saying our pizza can fix the recession, but hey -- it can't hurt.
No prob...loved you since the old school MySpace days;)! Good luck to you Lelia! See ya, C
I'll be your crying shoulder. <U+2665>
Here's hoping it's something easy, like anemia. Red meat for everyone!
No for me. Nice to meet you too :)
Fight # 201 with husband since move. This is getting ridiculous.
i have blue and pink socks on.. and it shows under my black jeans.
RT ONE MORE day to Register for #NABJ12, Prices go up by $170 tomorrow night at midnight. Convention is 37 Days Away!...
wade played well on D and got to the line a lot but he shot terribly today 8/23. I expect a better game on Tues
What STINKS? You can't get a Trenta Iced latte - yea, that'd be like 6 shots of espresso, but still - it's my money. WTH?
I sleep like a fuckin baby when it's storming.
now that's what i call a breakfast !
RT : Good ? From blog: access to museum staff used to be a high level donor perk - will social media devalue this commodity?
you never call or text, heartbroken
RT : taxes are not punishment, but the dues of living in a civilized society. // Aye!!
Magic rounds out that top 4. Add Russell & you have my top 5
Great! Let us know how it goes as your training continues!
I need to run faster... at about 2miles/14mins i need to get to 12mins
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Just voted for you homie - keep up the great work !! Lmk if you'd be interested in sitting in on the keys w us sometime !!
I think "no vertical integration" is a clearer and easier-to-enforce rule than (say) "no anticompetitive conduct."
#OntheRise if you're
I read that he likes being in role Sampras, Agassi and others had for him. You know Fed, always positive about such
#paulryan pushes the myth that poverty can be fought with bake sales.
I hope you're ok. Whiplash is no fun.
Ladies Drink FREE tonight at Kennadee's from 10-Midnight! 725 N Milwaukee
If Dice-K is official for Saturday, I guess I'll be getting an early start down there!
Hey random question but I noticed your email address is an EKU address...are you from Kentucky?
stop being racist
Welcome to Milwaukee, Trent Lockett.
“: OHSAA hockey: US 2, St. Edward 0, after 2 periods. Ed's is 0-4 on power plays.#pdvarsity” ouch - come on Eagles! U can do it!
I'm not lame I'm the bomb.com and let that be known bro!!!
Hacked You Girl!!(:
thanks Natasha for the great post!
~~~> lol... She on that dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde shit.. must be
What happened?
I hate being on bart.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
I would love to get you in contact with our office. How can we best reach you? Thank for the retweet by the way!
can Get a follow back??? <3
Aww! Too cute!!
ahah I wish ur mom didnt make u wear that!!!
Just saw canvassers from tell a newspaper publisher she couldn't take photos of them at a public event...twice. Seems ironic to me!
Had Chinese buffet 4 lunch w/my mom & 5yo nephew. Nephew excited abt rare lunch w/uncle. Practically sat on my lap.
Congr. Lungren chairs Homeland Security Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, & Security Technologies.
Aye SEXY! Why you looking Hoe I meant your shoes!
can you please follow me! <33
15% Off All Auditioning & Acting Workshop Happy President's Day! x.co/gwT7
I would notice if the KoC stopped showing up at the top of weekday roll call.
NASTY NATE LOL
I just past a car with a license plate that said yikes, i'm staying far away from her.
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
GUYS...!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
nigga i dont give two fucks about that i'm just tryna kick it like im in a big pun video
Recommend great TX-based resource for your TechKnowSpot if you repeat in January: is SM and furnishings expert.
RT So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Inspections and closings and showings, oh my!
Shout out to and hope siesta is good to you.
Happy thanks giving!!!!!!!
I joined an online trainer and I'm cleaning up my diet!
Looking forward to the demo and tasting this afternoon at 107 King Street. 2 pm! Come join us!
regardless. I am incredibly impressed by Bo
I tell her my names "Trey" I'm trynna be lowkey , she tell me I got that flame yo tweets is so deep damn!
...wait, did i just shoot a Paul Wall music video? yes, yes i did!
At the wedding rehearsal, it's getting real
thanks for the mention!
I know! I just want the sun back :)
got anything special for people who want to #GoLocal?
how you Been?
a delight to catch up w both of you! back together at our fav coffee shop! and a treat to see kinsley, love her!
. got a bunch of teens to work together & put together a website that they really needed.
what has my baby darnell davis been up 2 I miss my baby
"Story-telling with a noble purpose" - 's on his genuine mission
Today's goal: to Tweet with substance and use the word "engage" as much as possible. Engaging?
Thank you to all our military men and women for your courage.
will you pnp with me tomorrow before you go back to lala land?
“: hahaha so funny. Your Viking drawing was out of this world!!!! So good!! // HAHA! That took crazy concentration
Did you know that we donated $500 to the people of #Minot last week? We love charities and helping them out!
Phone is finally working again.
some gods some masters
My teams L.A Lakers,Dallas cowboys,Louisville Cardinals! No bandwagon fans allowed lol!
#itscutewhen you lay your head on my chest and fall asleep holding me
Every semester, puzzled by students who begin caring about their performance in the course when there's 1 week left in the semester....
He didn't break you to kill you but He broke you to bless you!!! -Bishop T.D. Jakes
We sell Rare Harley Davidson Patches on our web sight.... Some are Very Collectible !!!! Check E'm Out www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
Thanks! Would you be open to a convo about better health or a networking opportunity? Glad to share with colleagues.
Experiencing rafe pearlman and friends rocking an amazing cover of tomorrow never knows.
The Gold sponsors my softball team son! Tuesday night two for ones!
ain't much time left i gotta make due I know i can't live forever
keeping in mind that I'm talking mainly about a US context here.
Huge Derby after party at the Boc's house tonight... Let me know if you're in Louisville!
I just turned mine in too. Haha. I couldn't look at it anymore, even if I needed to.
same w me, im here in tn. Been My Team a long time
'Seize the day with , Crafty Bastards! CarPIE diem!' 'Come see Dangerously Delicious ! [promo]
I'm gonna look up shit tomorrow my dude #HAAAAAAN clan!
"Don't let yesterday use up too much of today."
$800billion ? Geez, I kinda feel a lil' guilty for enjoying this gorgeous day now!
great catching up today & the eats were fantastic. Have a great weekend.
What time's your show at NU tomorrow?
I'm in Tampa but I won't be going! Next year fo sho! :)
I hate those days when one bad thing happens after another and then you finally just blow up at the smallest thing...
Flesh Of My Flesh, Blood Of My Blood - DMX Raw af
Contrary 2 popular belief u CAN waste pussy...
hopefully more colorways coming this season! ...and of course new designs!
Smart move by to take advantage of the growing fantasy sports market. Others bound to follow suit?
Ready for some fights at The Golden Gloves!!!
And, you believe that Republicans can improve on this? Prove it and show me.
-- Thanks for posting! Email me at if you have any questions about the internship.
What do you guys think of "One of a Kind" !? The new download. honorsocietymusic.com
I miss living in San Antonio. Indiana consists of cornfields, white trash, and more cornfields.
49ers hosting Giants more and more likely.
u funny
come back gimme a back massage then let's go party.
Next Hazardous Waste Drop-Off at the Northwest Citizen Convenience Center - Friday and Saturday, Dec 2 & 3, 9 am to 5pm at 2840 Sisson St.
awww all lame so i guess its a go ! ? Omg
You are right - I should have never asked. Will puke in my lunch now...
I love !! Im in the hospital
Crunchitize me captain.
reply today, and its already super early friday over there :O
I have concerts with the Milwaukee Symphony Chorus this weekend.
what is your favorite picture spot in #pittsburgh?
Sfld High School for Relay for Life. Come on out! 10 & Lahser
thanks, see you there!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X6
thanks luv just posted!!!
Thanks. These images are wonderful!
I decided to follow the Niners' long snapper and now he's retweeting Rick Warren
Forgot to mention : Steve Case bought Merrywood, the childhood home of Jackie's, BTW.
love the coca- cola adverts at Christmas time :)
Any rec's on how 2 get Dennis Davis' snare sound? In particular David Bowie Stage album era? It's insane...
I'm almost certain that Charles Manson is my father.
If I can just make it through the next week and a half and keep all the balls in the air, I'll be sitting pretty!
What?! It's your Birthday and you didn't let me know. How dare you!! Happy Birthday, friend! Hope it's a great day for you! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
why won't u follow me back?
Lol you got it??
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
Hello to the math class. I am an Eng. Teach. in Colorado Springs, CO. Temp between 50-55. Sun tan time.
Its easy to start a new project. All you need is an idea and enthusiasm. The hard part is sticking to it, getting passed the dip is crucial.
(jen) morning sync with the lilipip team!
#internethuman now discussing combinatorial innovation (quoting Hal Varian): building blocks for creating new possibilities...
Lunch at pearl st grill!
So our fan base has been expanding and we want to know where you all are from! We want to get to know you guys, don't be shy :)
I Wear So Much Louie You Could Play Checkers All Over My Chest !
Wolf Gang
We wish! Comic-Con is this weekend and a studio rented the place out for a private event. Unfortunate timing-
you just made me so nervous
haha. Drams like a revolving door! Out with the old..in with the new!
Need ideas for a good Halloween costume?
Thanks to everyone who came out to #BagelsAndBranding featuring as part of #SOCWeek - it was a blast!
YOUR BACK!!! Finally I missed you!!! Ps you looked HOT with a capitol H
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart.
Bummer! Hopefully you got to watch it later!
Spending the holiday weekend in sunny LA with my pup! Looking forward to the Beverly Hills Food and Wine Festival!
Captain sure knows how to make me feel like I've failed the core.
love u to gurl
I don't care either way :p same thing
Good working and making music, when ima see u
I'm glad McDonalds don't sell hot dogs,cuz I don't think I can order a McWeiner with a straight face.
If I schedule a meeting and the producer doesn't show would I get a refund or do I have to meet with someone else entirely?
We are still accepting submissions for issue two! Issue one is in the works and due out soon!
it's the Best one out now should have been a kenny song LOL
Planning this trip home (DeLand) I really hope I can take being there for 2 weeks lol! I always plan for 2 and end up staying 1 lol!
We love film too. Good thing we can process *almost* everything under the sun! Let us know if you're looking for something special!
no I wanted to beta test D:
Zoning out with anti-biotics to the tune of Latour lectures on Youtube
Braves just scored oh yeah baby brand new game 1-1 Lets Go Braves!!!
On a flight to Orlando and the head flight attendant's name is Orlando. Now if only Orlando the movie was on the PPV...
There is no "i" in "team". But there's an "i" in "Tim", and my friend Carlos pronounces it "team". So....there.
I don't think th Penske cars have shown what they got yet.
collected some great narratives at the TransOhio symposium today! Yay!
tell you what
what's your fav clothing line?
have u ever been bullied??
What?! Hunger Games is not based on a true story?!
Another snow day!! Everybody be safe... And if you do happen to get hurt, make sure you get hurt doing something cool, and get it on video
Aww you guys are sweet. Easy to have good ideas during stimulating sesh!
Saints & Sinners will host the 2011 Fall Guy Charity Roast honoring Joe Comfort. Proceeds to benefit Camp Good Days!
Glad ur ok!
Give the rock to Grant. Not a fan of share back system when part of running is beating down Defense. Need OLB and CB
I act completely normal around my parents. But as soon as I'm with my friends, I'm like the energizer bunny on drugs.
that's only a few blocks from me. I need to walk the dog. Am I going to die of chemical poison?
some beliebers are really annoying.
": Only $1,545 to go!! www.jazzinchicago.org/donate" Support #jazz in Chicago!!
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned most people die of natural causes.
....lol gotta give Rose credit for those dunks
Success is much simpler when you actually enjoy the process.
My Grams is here.
We highly recommend that you visit the Design Academy Eindhoven project curated by Ilse Crawford. Fresh, fun, inspired!
That would be fantastic and greatly appreciated! Let us know if we can help with providing more info.
Working on a project for imprinted sunglasses and imprinted sunglass retainers
Home sweet home
your state was holding, rip jeans skin was showing. hot night, wind was blowing. WHERE YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING BABY?
are u yella!!??
what do u mean by gone?
Well, I'd prefer myself. :)
I'm sure a few people have thought has been too close to a skunk before.
Wow Duke and Mizzu out in first round.. Unthinkable!
Bored And Sleepy ! Ugh What A Boring Weekend Bro :( -.-
hi bro how are you all going well with the music, more info soon. This time I will truly break free
follow back
Thanks for the share & RT, bro! You rock!
In Canada, they celebrate #Thanksgiving in what month? A. November B. October C. December D. May
whats more frustrating: the bathroom line or al jefferson's stat line?
I do this shit for mine..
I find it weird when guys sleep with any clothing on. ;) ": I find it weird when people sleep with socks on.”
You can call me OP, or you can call me OoPs. Call me anything you want, just as long as I approve.
have you found a nice convo?:p
Can't believe we lost
I just wanna play "Ass" and tell to twerk to it... Just to she if she would lmao
You are a total goddess to all
Omg it just told me wasn't following me and I wasn't following her. I was totes freaking out till it showed she was.
UMC advises the pedestrian has been upgraded and should be just fine. The road should open back up in about 30 minutes.
I have Verlander, Shields, Kershaw, Masterson, and Derek Holland in Fantasy. Can't buy a win this year don't have one yet.
MacA Park update: walked around lake. Got yelled at by 6different people and saw 3 others urinating in public. Still under double digits!
somebody get from Houston and bring her to Crescent.
I miss I wonder who she is hustling right about now.
The Patriots lost a close game to a Giants team missing its best two offensive weapons. That's not a great sign.
Graduate today!!! but dang im hungry....
Thank you ! See you on December 6th!
Thanks for great story on The Battle of Florida and these 2 amazing Coaches.Can't wait too see the game on Saturday.
Apparently. Weird! If I were prepared to move again, I would apply.
I'm never mad anymore. :3
I forgot Debbie Reynolds was in this for a few minutes (while Lina had mic troubles heehee)....
Sucks about the Flyers but I'll take a Phills and Sixers win
I'm glad garage rock and retro dominated at SXSW. Lots of great bands referencing older genres!
I had a great source who clued me into that. A guy I like to call the "Athletic Director."
sent you an email. Let's talk soon.
what's up ya bitch ass bitccchhh. When are you coming home lassie? Haven't u played with enough german cuckoo clocks?
We just got the mix the other day! We're practicing this weekend, we'll shoot the shit and figure this out!
Hope I see #oomf this weekend ;)
I think way too logically, but if Big Show were actually fired, shouldn't his merchandise be on clearance?
Fenway at 100. Wow, think about how many great New York Yankees and Cincinnati Reds moments have taken place on that field...
Wisdom teeth out this Thursday!!! is gonna mommy me this weekend! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
CES update; hot gaming vids on the way to Ringz!
Loved working with my Acting students this semester and excited #teenwolf is in full swing.
's a leader
Watching #Bestink. Why is a judge basically tell the artist 2 do his way.contrary to comp makes him judge on how well they do what he says
Your business can be approved for a merchant cash advance in minutes with funds deposited directly into your bank account before you know it
REFUGE is tonight! Starts at 7pm.
Wish I was at the Q right now to witness the Cleveland passion. Let's. go. cavs.
i've been blessed!
Did Spot leave a spot on your carpets? Treat the spot w/ vinegar asap, then call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 206-414-1039
I enjoyed Just Want to Testify, but stopped everything this weekend to finish Silver Sparrow. I was hooked to the end.
Happy New Year! Be safe and Merry!!
Hate it when the kids tell me to make the meatballs exactly the way dad makes them! Hey, I got my own style !!!
Its cool when u get it!! ayo I wanna take a trip to TX asap..
Need a great cozy place for your Holiday Gathering? We are the perfect location! Call us today and ask for details 312-664-9775
JUMBO PAN-SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orange-lime vinaigrette
JOLLY GOOD GOVNAH
The Big Ticket! KG use to be one of my favorite players in the league...I love how he's always talking to himself and teammates!
Rarely ever feels respected
that awkward moment when you look up from your phone & realize the person you've been following at the store isn't your mom.
Jazz Celebration I at First Baptist Church of Bellingham. 7pm. $10 for Adults/$5 for students.
VocalMecanx.com check it.
thank you:-)
Trent Dilfer uses the word "position" too much. Always talking about playing the "QB positon" or "TE positon"
u won da battle!! but kobe won da war!!
RT to be in my fanfic!!!! ~must be following me~ picking parts in 25 minutes!!!! hurry
I was scared there were aliens coming!!!
I hate when I press 1 for English and still get an Indian person.
One of the biggest bike rallies of the year- been tons of times. A blast!
Any Time Shout Me Back ? (:
come back so we can go to Biergarten!
Ill give 150%, but don't mess up...
Guess what today is!?!? #SEXUALWENSDAY :D
(a shout-out) This morning, I stumbled upon "the unicorn of baked goods" at - the PUMPKIN DOUGHNUT MUFFIN. yum
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Tue, 19:31 PST
yay that makes us happy!
Meeting at Sabor a Mexico in Mukilteo this Wednesday for an Isagenix team meeting. After this week, regular meetings at Rosehill!
Silent But Deadly: The Baby Killer Chronicles
Why do I even follow ?!
congrats my man! Well deserved!
Celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day Mexican-style w/a grilled quesadilla at the Inn! Ur fav extras? I love tomato & our ground beef.
Why is Lil Romeo on my tv? gtfo..
Thanks for following! Hope you are doing great Richard.
I have a massive headache.... This is the 4th one like this.... UGGHHHHHH, WTF the universe is against me
why do dentists feel the need to talk to you while their hands are in your mouth?
:) You're welcome
thank you!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day
Bartini martinis taste good, now if they just put alcohol in them.
Belated thx ! So great to finally connect! Thanks again for your support of too. All kids deserve a shot at recess!
Today is just one of them days.. I can't wait for service tonight I need some real praise and worship with my peers!
Good afternoon!(: just woke up from a nap.... Can I go BACK to sleep?
People's personalities and moods change like the weather!!
I like that Avi Ma!!
There is nothing you can do to stop me
To quote, "There are no coincidences, only #affirmations."
The so-called "baby carrots" in my bag of organic carrots are WAY too big.
Oprah Winfrey~ I trust that everything happens for a reason even when we're not wise enough to see it.
We're just the lowly volunteers, but we've added you. :-) See you in NOLA!
New Benz Sumn That I Need For Sure!
Hau'oli Makahiki Hou!!! Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and healthy New Year!!!
So not ready for this
yeah famo.. My girl got hurt at work.. So we're here
Pens v criers at 730 ! $2 miller lite bottles from drop of pick till midnight.
Just received an invitation for High School Reunion, w/pig roast and a barn dance.. what's the most interesting place you've had a reunion?
Working on the documentary script, planning educational outreach and public engagement campaign, and writing grant proposals.
I think I want Logano to win the #Daytona500 Let's get this race done!
I think maybe, just possibly, we'll find room for some cake. You don't turn 175 every day, right?
Now she sayin OMG I DNT feel like dealing wit them
Why the hell can't I ever make anything better.. No matter what I do, I make things worse.. even if I try to help.
I would like to dm (follow me if you can), I have some contacts thanks
coming back at 4. Same seats so I'll see u
No sleep for this leader! :(
did u make it home? How's the puppy?
2 hours, 90% hockey, and nothing on Lenny Dykstra? Less hockey more Nails!
hey! You just make my day baby
Not a fan of his smug condescension either. "Supposed student athletes." That needs to stop.
Thanks so much for coming!
Some people aren't sure where to start. Get your copy of "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site!
I just finished reading your #imagines and there absolutely amazing.
Hoping that the unprecedented site traffic at my blog today continues!
RT : Things are heating up over here.....Get ready for "Boom Bam!!!" by Emory Anderson & BwG
Desire a #nude discount getaway $100 per night visit us
Learning about app building and mobile from and
you funny as shit :)
Writing a twitter-like review on
Why does my heart skip a beat whenever someone mentions I may need to pay a visit. Any specials going on?
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
My twitter isn't working on my phone very well! Bo!
And it feels like I am just too close to love u, there's nothing I can really say: new favorite song thanks to #microsoft! <3 Alex Clare!
: New producer signed with the label! INGENIOUS (IG) follow him! -->
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
LOL! Yes, that movie is HILARIOUS start to finish!
honest roasted chicken :)
haahaha i know! I was stupid back then..
As #opera user I don't want browser company to receive data about me. I'd rather pay $ for software than pay with my data.
Remembering and Honoring our D-Day Veterans
If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
Awesome. Too bad I didn't get that job...or not.
yes pleasee. ill talk to drew
rock on. power to the people.
A well lit cabin for a red eye flight? Such torture!!!
Are you going to DC nerdcache?
yeah I can't complain. So are you tired of me yet?
Thanks Jake! I'm doing social strategy as well as business development. It's a fantastic opportunity.
as you would say.. " Fuq you, asshole"
We are we are The Youth Of The Nation!
Watch Trueblood a bit, I've got some bud's that dig Dex tho.
Looking forward to our newly revised workbook!
still have not found 3 free hours to see the Avengers :-(
Northeast Christian Church in Louisville. Doors are always open if your ever in town
Hello medium roast my old friend! You always start the morning right!
Happy Mother's Day!
wish the picture was clearer so I could tell what it was that you drank! :)
im not sure it doesn't hurt to try
haha school's out so we need to move out and don't have another place set up yet. We're moving to a new place thuraday
Thanks, Rachel - didn't think of that.
YES I DID! Am I wrong?
AJ was basically given away. Two minor league pitchers in return I believe
Going for BRATS and Salmon Fishing in the Yemen on a double date with Steve and Lesa! YAY!!! DATE NIGHT with a fireman!!!
We'll be on the lookout! Come in anytime.
So I happen to like wandering guitar jams and a little wah pedal. That doesn't make me a hippie.
umm k so i'm cleaning the jizz out of my floor from when derek spent the night -lauren
literally... About 30 mins ago, it was an incredibly long/uncomfortable day... But worth it to see my favorite people!
My multi-meal Sunday - Ratatouille-Escovitch fish w/boniato/green banana-Pasta salad-Filipino Chicken Adobo for the WEEK! You?
We love you. But, we're not in the phone book under "agency." You have to look under "3 dipshits from Texas".
Session w/
Is there a rule that every bin of bargain vinyl must have at least three different Herb Alpert LPs?
Hoosiers turn up the d and take an 11-9 lead. Badgers miss two free throws.
Serving a special something at Wine Down tonight...it is National Pigs In A Blanket Day!!! Woo! Hoo!
That was
New Summer = New Swag
Life ain't about how fast you run or how high you climb. It's about how well you bounce.
We still love our saints! #whodat #nola .... Now let's get our drink on.
EXPERIENCE THE HOTTEST ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE,COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS
Feeling like I have wings but without the Red Bull. Lol #firstweekofdietcompleted. :D
Late night rush. That's why the phones get answered. 24/7.
When a guy calls you beautiful instead of hot. (:
u have to have a strong fan base to win, that's just the way it is, Glaydas should have gone by now, but she has a lot of fans.
#iste11 now really looking forward to VSTE conference in Dec to hear Chris L. again and Adam Bellow.
LETS GO PITSBURGH BEAT THOSE RAVENS
do you ever s/o people when you say u r
I hate when that happens. A very familiar feeling. I'd suggest you start drinking again except it rarely leads to good outcomes.
DC Mayor just declared it is officially American Institute of Architects' Day in the city! :)
Starting a video answer series for some of the most FAQs I get. Of course the day I decide to record my first video I wake up sick! Lol.
make that 2 songs. Almost there. Watch out, we comin!!!!!
#SOPA would have Americans censoring Americans' talk of how to rip DVDs. What's next, censorship of police brutality videos? Slipery slope.
In the Session: Supervisory & leadership Skills, the focus is very similar to how I teach chess.
i can't help it!!!
Do I have to stop being weird on my Twitter once I start using it for networking? I'm not on this whole "professional facade" thing.
oh you know it!
Happy Birthday Matt!
and then we read away the afternoon
McBrine, in my opinion, is super cool and funny. Deceptively tough on exams and papers, though.
Great reference.
Make sure to follow me on instagram - dmoe77
monsters trended "justin is desperate",most of these kind of justin trends are created by them. and they say they're "against bullying" yeah
GOD is Good.......ALL the Time....Even if we break our promise
Dear Rochester, please plow your roads! Thank you.
I should like her more because of that but I don't.
Does Apple really expect people to read a 42-pg Terms of Service for iBooks upgrade? LOL.
i know boo; we was jamming to it when you was driving that granny car! :) hahahaa
thanks for sharing your favorite photo!
this holding down 2 jobs shit got me tired....but the xtra $$$ makes mama happy
Game night?! Let's get this scheduled.
how did u celebrate Lag B'Omer?
Nice part of being in the middle of PDX traffic. View of Mt Hood.
sometimes i wish i could go back in time and visit how things used to be.
I know and it's all just happening to fast...
Life is a series of times and to live each, would be to succeed.
o enjoy! our flavia machines recently started to become free :) love the milkyway lattes
Going to dinner @ 6 :]
And another miserable day at school begins, in 3...2..1.
Thank God for and If it wasn't for them I'd have to lay here with my thoughts
DELIVERY SPECIAL: 3 Deluxe Box Lunches, 3 Drinks...$20! (Delivery is always FREE but our drivers love tips!)
Clearly ghost written by Stinky Roadside. ;-)
Well, Big Bill has finally recovered from his Chicago #Bears playoff disappointment. Let us now pillage the Vikings and look to next year!
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!!!!!!
WE wouldn't have that problem but u tripping
Back on plane! Glimmer of hope, but connection prospects dim.
All i need is That Super thing ~
It's almost as if the Boyz are moving on, and Vinny's stuck in the past.
Who will save your soul by jewel>
Us and our friends Lila Ignite and Second Floor Love Story finally all got a show together! Tonight old friends blow it up!
Go Golden Eagles!!
Tonight... ARTIC FLOW at Index Art Center! Don't miss the opening!
Walking around Lake Merritt to , well Ike's Lair, what a great day.
You dug deep into Fletcher's military record and Carl's school/performance, but haven't seen much on her prosecutorial record.
Yea Yea
Early morning Amtrak to nyc. All aboard!
It's a boy! Congratulations to Travis "Kold Kut" Moore and his lovely wife Beth.
Dizzy dizzy, Caffeine Tizzy!
Could be an interesting topic: The history of database development and J. Edgar Hoover's files at the the FBI
Opportunities are never lost; someone will take the one you miss. I found a good one - ask me!
It's hard to get work done when you're sitting in the car repair waiting room a baby is crawling on your foot and the Ellen show is on.
Getting ready to go to my brothers baseball practice
Yikes! Now, did they have to go out and buy adult diapers on hand, or is one of the parents incontinent?
aww! I hope they figure it out and you can prevent the next 1, or at least be prepared. Poor Skylar! :(
hahaha. Then I guess it's a good thing I didn't try and make him guess Martini then?
should be sushi! haha
Not yet! Send some :) RT : - Glad the idea of #TUMSFreshers impressed you! Have you had a chance to try them yet?
Just completed Tourism Roundtable w/ Ken Salazar Secretary of US Department of Interior, Congresswoman Susan Davis & others at San Diego Zoo
That's really a 102, esp. for an American readership, IMO.
a little early to talk trash
hey , there is some1 lookin 4 an" Ipod".... LOL.... "Loaded" I Think some1 has spoiled me... I need everything u got...
Random cracks "Yo mama so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a blue tooth"
pt 2 to my test ! wish me luck
#cnndebate Santorum wants the Reagan Democrats back!
same here dude. Hopefully next week will work
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Thanks to you too for all of your support! It is a daily privilege to work here!
he goes hard
Or are we!? Just kidding yes we are just messing around. None of this was serious.
In celebration of March's International Women's Month, the GTWT girls will make an #empowering words quilt with
Drew is an awesome champion for Hunger Task Force!
RT : RT : Folks, please welcome Tom Waddle to twitter. That's his 16-year old nephew in his avi.
Closing thought: we are as much a participant in creating a prods brand as the co. that's producing/marketing it
Sorry now avail here too. New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., California, and Texas
ordering online.
Three weeks after doing my laundry, it still sits in the "clean pile" on my floor
Geez, isn't messing around with It's as close to the "death sentence" as it can get.
bahhhh!!! woman on ebay! Stop outbidding me! I'm bringing my A-Game. Do it.
RT "Want to get more out of social Networks? Build 211 degree relationships. Meet face2face for the extra degree." Worked for me!
Yes! Love it. Not all #artistadmin are artists, but are
Officials want fewer northern pike in Eagle Nest Lake, because they keep eating the trout and salmon—so they held a pike-fishing tournament.
how you do!
is also here at Lola VFX. No I didn't forget. I wanted Max to have his own tweet.
#BBW all on my TL. I can't stand that show. From the looks of it, y'all can't either.
- #CANADA ! Follow <3
"You know whats cool about america? While people are starving, we can fast forward tv"
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Consistency is the Key to Life!
DIE IN A HOLE
Just got back from D.C! Shower & then I be on later. Oh, & #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY! <3
Spring Commencement is May 28th. Congrats grads!
“ Fuck her, I swear she gets no type of love from me no more.”
It was the Sail Loft tonight!
mindless behavior
Thanks - look forward to it!
Congrats on your graduation! (:
Being Humble Is Cool...
That being said though... If there's grass on the field, play ball!
Thx for the concert! And thx for coming! You guys are all super sweet, a class act. So glad to meet you!
Wasn't there one on advertising/marketing? I think I need to read that.
yoga pants
Thanks for the compliment!
Im going on twitcamm!
how long does it take to make one? Any more colors?
Alcohol will increase your heat loss, due to the alcohol simulating your blood vessels to dilate
I have come to the conclusion that Facebook is my morning Newspaper. Nothing like the daily news and a cup of coffee!!
Puxatawny Phil can say what he wants. Pitchers & catchers report in 17 days regardless.
i need her in my life ASAP!!! lol
For most people it is much more thrilling to be acknowledged for your ideas than to truly listen for the unspoken needs of others.
listening to Steven Farmer's podcast interview with Satiama
Breaking News: NFL season will start on Wed Sept 5th
after this, goodnight. ahead of time.
Yep. RT : JaVale McGee cracks me up.
every body follow a very beautiful up coming model.
me, you and Are going to ICON Over the Summer and Im Going to Run up and Madison and Kiss Him
Agree contracts can be difficult, but has to be agreement on branding, crediting, promotion of the story. Really important.
Happy Three Kings' Day, friends!
your the best :)
i believe we'll be up there around april or may if all works out as planned. just keep an eye out :]
i swear i keep forgetting derek fisher plays for okc now
Started my University of Washington! I have five months to work on it, but still!
Thanks bud 4 #ff..have a good weekend
“If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott
thanks :) Been thinking a lot about this, too. Good session
This day just went from great to bad to fucking terrible within a matter of an hour.
oh dear
Was gonna ask ;)
: you want to play?
Hate to see that about your foot.. i mean i really hated to see it cause your feet are kinda ugly... :p #JK #getwellsoon :)
I-re-ne-gotiated my vacation days to avoid this freakin' hurricane. Irene...you win.
haha! no rush.
#nofaith RT : watch wolf vomit up this lead against the padres. COME ON!
Go green! Try printing only when necessary.
Sickening. Someone call the ICC!
Try Open Seasme. I think I saw one on there.
thanks these seats are ridiculous
Ty Lawson just went ludicrous speed
imma have a fat ass blunt for June 3rd
The road to a friend's house is never long. - Danish Proverb
Stupid doctor's office:P
Lol! Works for me! Just unplug it! Haha
#Life has a wonderful way of letting you forget where you just were, so that you can think only of the present. ~ Isabel Toledo
Join if you live in #Las Vegas and hate going to the #gym! We have a cure for the gym blues... call us today!
LMMAO~RT : bitch yo pussy hair look like the top of blank head im cool
We about to go n this school smelling like nothing but kush :(
miller! And yes I do
Thanks to all of our Autism team runners and volunteers at a cold, wet St Pat's Dash this morning!
are you talking about a link to a website?
reading a 523 page book in like 5 hours<<<<<<nerd
Can I give Puck a hug right now? :'(
My mom thinks I grow weed in my bedroom. #awkward. #isshestoned?
you know people be jeffin when yo shit Don't even b tight foreal but they always retweetin it or liking it # kill yoself
It's funny how preconceptions run our lives. It's only when you actually give it a chace that you realize how wrong/right you were.
he said he was thinking about me.. lol, don't do that.
can y'all please play "Old School" by Chuck Wicks?
Yes! Everyday, everytime, everything. RT : Is the man suppose to pay every time for everything? Just asking?
Welcome to Twitter!!!RT : hello my daughters....have a wonderful day!
encyclopedia britannica is no longer publishing print editions. I am actually a little sad for my kids. loved getting lost in those huge bks
So I will say today I'm #grateful to be living in a country where people can argue and debate and make free choices.
Or better yet, rest of my life knowing I may meet him one day.... Not to mention the shout out he hopefully takes well
Jesus I Love You
: Nice! Any plans on running a 5K?
im Ready for #OverTheLimit on ppv cuz coming after you when he gets better John Lauriniantis your dead
oh i totally know what ur goin through, hope things get better!
What's with the freezer not having a light when the refrigerator does?
love this city too. Minus the traffic.
This boy is triping
Polls have shown about a 7 point swing if election held now. Only have 60 days to promote our candidate and Barrett is well known
So get off the slave ships/build your own pyramids/write your own hieroglyphs
To walk or not to walk in May
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to continuing dialogue on technology issues that matter to our students.
I'm at office :) I really happy to come back here :) !!!
I ain't in to bondage so I'm lost.
editing today. that thing we photographers do when we're not shooting.
I hope that in the far future someone doing research on 21st century American culture finds out about Twitter and gives up.
What do you most look for in a nonprofit org - community service, socials, lectures, etc? Let us know so we can serve you!
Parents: Keep your kiddos at home! Tomorrow (1/27) is a two hour late opening for the SEI Academy. Classes begin at 10:45AM - see you then!
Skype 5.3 for Windows released, improves mobile video call quality ...
So I'm currently in the market for a cuddle buddy since it's starting to get really cold. If interested, I am currently taking apps. Thanks.
I respect it! Very gutsy move.
RT : Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.
Lead Generation experts and will in be in attendence Tue, Wed, and Thu at the #interop show this week. DM for info
After months of searching were stoked to announce Adam Ranellone is our new Bassist! Keep voting everyday for us to play Warped Tour!
Casually dropping in on #cmgrchat today. Jen, online comms ... hi everyone!
thanks for the follow!
TY for the #FF mention--Hope you had a great holiday!
On the trolley back to the hotel and this indian man in front of me is sitting here having a full blown convo. By himself Laughing and all!
pushed me for no reason in the hall -__-
How come sunlight is always "stealing" or "creeping" over stuff in writing. Light moves fast! It should be "jogging" at least.
#ThingsThatINeed being loved for who i am n not for what i am :-D
that's cool
You are welcome - cool stuff being launched at
Will Santino thinks too highly of himself.
Remember when I was standing right there in front of the window of Motion Peanut saying goodbye like an elephant and it clicked so I called?
That's good but this man is still not in jail. This just still doesn't sit right. Orlando is better than this.
Today at work...reminded me that I need to move on. I need to be where I'm appreciated. Thank you universe. I'm listening.
can't wait for the ustream! remember,
how u doing im back
boners are very serious, they need to be taken care of.
I wonder how the team cleans their equipment?
Thanks so much for the re-tweet!
Yall are silly
Wow, snappy. =D
I wanna find a place where my love can stay.. so you just gotta promise you won't give my love away... <U+2665>
We're excited to announce, we're now open 7 days a week! Come on in tonight and enjoy our new extended happy hour until 8pm!
She is an amazing person!
Stupid BITCH
Ah im late but now. Tuned #TATW . I cant wait for next week
Back from the dentist. Hygentist told me I have perfect teeth.
It gets precarious, with no one to carry us. No art cartographers to map out the areas If I have to give a word... it's Perilous
Seriously, whatever.
so i hear everytime someone confronts you about you talking shit you do the YMCA
TYSM,Barbara! I love her work too!
We are at market finding so many new things for the boutique, all to make the active LIFE easier and fun!
I can't live with nobody!
Thanksgiving Weekend sale Take 30% off any regularly marked item excluding clearance and accessories. 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E
~SALE TODAY~ Call 1.800.GOD.SONG to order :: Glorious CD/DVD & Sovereign CD for only $15.99 +S&H!!!!! (reg. $33.98)
"Our Greatest Year" is a sharp and funny take on #CLE Sports. Last show tonight at 8 in Clev Hts.
Agreed! Just like the spec of 0.005 lux (only with lens at f-stop 1.0) in the fine print...
thx for the follow! what's up in HWood tonite?
Orlando People please repost
I am so happy it's #Friday. Anything fun happening in #Sacramento this weekend?
You were supposed to be my good mates..you don't even bother to talk to me anymore..
Lol #coachpop needs to chill and smile! He looks like an ANGRY BIRD
my mom goes "these earrings must be real they're heavy" I go "I bought them from Tiffany's they better be real" smh
You'll feel so much better!
i didnt know 2 days was that long haha
Hope the celtics win tonight!
“: So Obama has thrown in his lot withSilicon Valley paymasters who threaten all software creators with piracy.-”
Just finished a great webinar on #givingcircles with ! Thank you!
Will do! xoxo
Wall Street people learn nothing and forget everything. -Benjamin Graham
Thanks for the RT Michael!
I'll admit your attention to detail is impressive...
GM! Thanks for the show last night! It was an absolute blast! Congrats and safe travels to South America!
RT : Cool hacks,#BigData ideas,books from O'reilly + beer.perfect combination on a Monday. thx y'all
loved book "Dead to the world"
I see..now how does this make you feel?
If you aren't listening to #YMIW w/ you're missing out on some great Guam puns! Lived there 3 years, thought I heard them all.
Hi Paul! I'm Alexandria S from The Beauty Within Model Management with Pam in RI.
I seriously hate everyone who stands up in the aisle as soon as the plane lands.
Here's to the Directionators who love Lewis!:)
#highschoolmemories wen me n would be cuttin up n tha bac of all classes Senior year
Wow. I can't believe Junior Seau committed suicide... Just wow.
Santa Cruz, here I come!
Wrapped up a great afternoon on Loon Mtn now Pats time!
it better have fucking
CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com Drawing to be held 9/7
Good morning, Happy Friday. Enjoy your day.
It's about that time!! Game time!
Yea! Oscar party time
Roll on the floor laugh out loud funny...I thought it rocked!
Okay new question, why has everyone ELSE been to Disneyland at Halloween?
My previous tweets basically sum up what he said.
": excellent band!!!! #teamBEN". Thank you. Glad to have you listening!!
Coffee break en route to #aaslh2011. Amazing how 1.5 hrs. in sunny car converts stressed to sleepy
shoot me an email at showbookings(at)musiconthecouch(dot)com if you are available July 9 9pm central to sit on The Couch
Reciprocal conv, emot reg. I create products like this but want to scope out existing stuff & then make my own apps
I thought it was a Rorschach test.
Its sad im almost 18 and I still mmake it a point to watch Spongebob everyday.
the story is in my fav
Diggin the sound of this new track..
Lmao at girls with okay sized asses that think they got a donk
Vegan pepper jack sounds fantastic! Do you know where you can buy it? I haven't seen it anywhere.
yeah! Glad you like them, enjoy the game.
When cooking, do not be afraid of soy sauce.
Eerie feeling passing through Henryville, IN with mangled semi trailers lining I-65, boarded up windows and houses half-gone 6 weeks later.
2012 New Media Web Awards Heralds Expanded Categories - MarketWatch (press release)
Mad props to the guy who came to work with the Natty Boh "Bovechkin" jersey t-shirt
What did you think of the Grammy's?
who else fought? I heard there was like 5 fights
Giirrl! *Ms. Kym voice* but no this boy at my school thought I was subtweeting him. But yeah my mama birthday Saturday. You still coming?
thanks...will be seeing you this week!
Great video for Evan's best friend, Kenny. His amazing spirit will make you smile!
This #survivor is fucking weird
BrINT tosses another one, this time for a TD! Yowza!
Isn't the festival running until Friday?
Some of the models from today's show made a flipbook- so cute!
that is your bbm
Just wanted to tell you again how muchh i LOVEE youu<3
yess I do. On jefferson almost to youu
The awkward moment when u fall asleep typing ur paper and wake up realizing its not finished and due tomorrow
The avengers was the culmination of a ton of great ideas, one of my fav movies ever. Everything a comic book nerd could dream of.
You'll have to let me know how that is. I so look forward to the end of this week completely because of the NCPH conference.
According to Carl's JR you can marry bacon now. Guessing it can't be a Jewish ceremony.
Looking forward to 's first day at today! Welcome to the team!
Another wonderful Nielsen save.
I was going to tweet a quote by but I can't remember what it was.
you good bro?
Werdum got screwed. Overeem got outstriked and literally laid in guard for 9 minutes. Overeem in guard makes Guida look active
#slizzard like a
New video for accent modification instructors who want to improve their marketing game at www.800-language.com. Marketing Essentials worksh…
Let's go mighty red!!!!!
Head down to The Mix, downtown San Antonio, right across from the Rabbit for incredible live performances!!
M the scent of apple glazed turkey is wafting through BullFish. Join us 5:30 - 7:30 pm for tonight's wine tasting with food pairings.
happy birthday hope u have an awesome birthday mw and my friends wish u the best :))
it's ok...I'M BACK
smokin till i overdose
tired from working, meeting with folks....and bowling. ! I can't believe I am still on a bowling team....
RT : Tyson Chandler shaved his beard. (It's about time, was getting wild)
"The name on the front of the jersey is more important than the name on the back."
Good morning ;)
He said he liked my hair cause it brings out the wild side ... ugh thats scary :(
cause it's a jail. :(
I think McCain forgot his depends. He is afraid to stand up
10 hours later; Digital Storytelling class about ready to go online; 12 grant proposals lined up; total online course overhaul commencing...
Amen to that! I miss it!
you've got to admit, for a shaved talking cat, Carville is pretty amazing
Us! See you at the Open House!
One person that don't stand a snowballs chance in hell in getting my vote. Newt "The Lobbiest" Gingrich. Non-partisan voters make difference
Got to school and realized that my backpack was zip tied. -_-
Just let us know when you have another Youth Service and we will come. We would love to Minister a couple of songs.
Isn't it. Indeed, my mouth was open, catching flies... We will add it to our "to do" list. :)
You have to do it on mac or you can get an app to do it direct on iphone like ABContacts for iphone
Have you ever wondered why?
What a beautiful morning!!!! Too bad I'm late to class!!! Damn snooze button! Lol
we will be doing free yoga at the inner harbor again this year! classes start may 20 and will be every sunday at 8:30am
go ahead
Ok #Broncos in, now I have to watch the #nuggets.......play another team I hate!
: get off ur phone and pay attention. Or ill eat on the candy in front of your face!
Yeah, but if Geno goes to Philly i can pretty much gaurantee no one will call him a traitor
"Did you know the penis is three times the size of your thumb...I would have a pretty nice penis!"
how about I slap you with my dick, then stick it up ya ass.. Then <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> all ova ya tired lookin face.
RNG...I just love them
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there. you've got the hardest job of all much love :)
Hi cab drivers, it's 2012. It's time to stop being assholes about taking credit cards.
hey there what is this true twit thing ? I post comics on this account, wanna follow me?
LVLT is going to pop!
Pick your game up! u sux right now! Little break back home to NY..rest recover and come back focused
and who, precisely, is your daddy? wait, I think they got that one
Didjya see that Google and Facebook have held takeover talks with Twitter. Want your cell phone service for FREE? Christopher / 602.573.4157
Happy Lunar New Year!
The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to. ~Dodie Smith
nice body but that face has to go haha
Feeling so incredibly blessed to have the people in my life that I do. Xoxo
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. But he failed. $2.99 KindleAmazon
Great article in featuring #MPart! Many many thanks!!
Hey Al! my contract is coming up with ATT soon. What are the good deals for iPhones with Verizon?
You bet
Your welcome! I support dream chasers and I can see your struggle and match it up to mine. Much Love & Peace to you!
next time please. :)
I want a kitten <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Just made a decision and it feels like a weight has been lifted.
Im horrible with touch screen phones!
i've got a medium with your name on it! you'd look good in red and I know you'd sport your GeekWear with pride!
thx for the shout! Crazy timing - we are going to be on Sirius/XM's Live Audio Wrestling w/ Lex at the same time on Sunday!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #videoblogger because she is awesome!! ;)
yes great to meet you also hope you are having a great day
you do now as well!!
I know, felt for you man, especially during bag drills right after
you bet! What email shall we send to? thanks!
sad to miss, but am feeling ill :(
nope. Was listening to the Lost Bayou Ramblers cover The Who, which was pretty amazing.
yeah, and the forecast is predicting this shit all week...
Thanks for helping PPSS get 2500 likes! PPSS likes you too!!!! :) open today 12-8
Yes I Know You Are Reading This. Just Know You Broke Alot Of Your Villains Hearts. Please Come Back .
Packing. Fresno in the am with Rock Steady Ministries. Youth conference at Crosspoint Church
Men's Track: Josh Williams sets school record in 5,000 meters at North Central Invite.
Good night to my future baby daddy <U+2764>
No #vuelta for radioshack. WTF? Totally insane, I hate contador even more now!
Thanks for all the help on my Davidson Project. I really appreciate it!
Well that sucks
u mean for good? Lol
this bitchy situation make me migrain. HELP ME
Thanks! “: Also new to #bestsellers - "Here Comes The Brides" -- #1 on the NF paperback list! Congrats”
gimme a call, 719.481.9476 to discuss this opportunity further.
maintain a good bench
Dear mummy, let my love take you higher :)
yo momma got 3 fingers and a banjo...
WOW.. once more w feeling..wow
Work part of the trip is done. Now a bit o' fun. Tonight: "Star Trek" (thumbs way up!). Next up: holiday cookout with friends tomorrow.
you all ready have the new iPhone?!? :D
Then is definitely time to get it fixed!
thinking through file formats, editing, use, and platforms.
hmm didn't think about check-in services. scary thought. the optimist in me wants to believe cams are for good.
grey's anatomy! Holllaaa!
Kinect software permits users to operate the Xbox 360 interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
Giving in, going to bed.
Emailed you my shows Bio and the Artist Money Major's Bio as well, bringing both to LA and Bay Area Aug 25-30th
Annie Leibovitz Is on letterman... Showing some of her new photos... Bad photos... sad...
Even with heavy spring rain, the RRV definitely looked and smelled beautiful.
I'd like to hear the answer to that question if ya get one!
Welcome to #wpac! Thank you for your support!
Aka the main event
check DM “: Hi Gil! What about my request?”
I'm only unpleasant when I have to be
I'm in my room lol
love you too<333
very true..
it's so funny to hear you talk about your son and how he's growing up when all I can think of is the story you tole me of him
Its okay babe , me and Where by your casa , we have a car & we wanted to chill , but next time :-*
doesn't pasta sound god on a dreary day like today? $6.99 all-you-can-eat pasta tonight, how perfect!
Is it seriously supposed to snow on Saturday?! Gonna make for a fun spring game...
Frantically packing. As usual, not sure how I'm getting everything back. I haven't left yet and I'm already in withdrawal. Sigh.
More Battle Trivia My Dude.....
I've never been!! I should go the next time I'm in town!
go back to bed, unless you wanna ply nhl
Rough Monday - just gotta keep reminding myself I'll be in #Vegas next week...
celebrities...they're just like us!
are you and Joe cucci still coming through tomorrow??
Hey i just et you,and this is crazy but heres my Twitter...SO FOLLOW ME MAYBE!!!! Thanks...
A7"Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more" Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
No, thank you.
I'm the beast and you're the beauty
You sure act tough for being a fake mascot Twitter account. : #Tigers #JustinVerlander #Royals good luck dude"
thank you so much! Will you put honey in it for me?
When a magazine has a poster with a picture of Liam in the front and Louis in the back... How am I suppose to choose?!
Mr. and Mrs. smith: only movie where couples beat the living shit out of eachother and have make up sex right afterwards..
#YouGePointsIf you don't constantly compliment me every five mins #annoying let it me
TARA you rock! Thank you!
What is the biggest fishing fail of your life? For me I had bass that looked 15-17lbs get away at the boat!!!!!that one hurt
Just wrapped rehearsal for #IdolFinale. You guys are not gonna believe this show.
Happy Day to both of you! Enjoy :)
Me Weird ? Bitch , I'm Limited Edition .
Duh why wouldnt be...it's Saturday. You all going to be @ Brownies for a while?
UGH ! Oh well we'll have a great aft/night I'm sure as usual .
hand job?
I'd be more inclined to read badger herald if every article didn't have an underlying liberal agenda. As biased as conservative fox news!
k thanks Ill try that
my bad -- just a too-weird for twitter joke. my desktop is cluttered and my guilt is pitched up too.
Thank you! RT : Congrats 2012 Best of the Web winners: , , #Abbots Frozen Custard (yum!)
. You'll have to dance for a while longer yet :) Game isn't until 7pm tomorrow, 4/18 :) Go #Canucks! Hockey Dance!
Wow you really need to just give it to someone lmao most likely someone that annoys you
Phillipsburg Police report VISIO TV stolen from home on Bates Street
lol, Why Not ?
People voted for Change and that's what we'll get. $.53 cents left for 2012 for our government accounts!! Hahaha
Floyd came out to that 2chainZ
T.G.I.F. Because its finally the katy perry concert! This is the teenage dream:)
Do you agree or disagree with Drew Bledsoe getting voted to Pats HOF?
Hilarious in tonight's episodes. "Of course it's an evil plan!" :-)
OMG tachs test results today......
I remember when I first met Michael Bennett..nigga was fast as FUCK!!
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
only arrived yesterday! and nah, megan fox ;)
thanks(: so how are you.?
Can it be true??? Rev Phil is back in town!?!!? When you comin over ?
i <U+2665> sweet home alabama xD (why would you want to marry me anyhow...so i can kiss you anytime i want x3)
next Monday at rocbar
Old system preferable to a new one where some teams play 8 home games, others 6, and conferences have different makeups.
how did you even know that... LOL
Hella blushing bro cx He is just making my day <33
awe, you're so cute with braces & without them(: your happy there off aren't you ?(:
- Are you studying early childhood education?
i know but, we can help to make people follow her, the more followers the better :)
BTW, I think the survey is valuable, just wondering out loud why co's aren't touting benefits to customers as top value props
do you do anything for fun BESIDES go to baseball games?
Discuss how you translate & interpret business strategies to clarify direction & to gauge impact on current plans.
What is up with everyone on Twitter dying?
Last choir concert EVER. didn't think I'd be saying that for two more years...
Militant #Muslims have a serious problem with clothing. 14 youths in Baghdad have been stoned to death for dressing "emo."
Cranking away on Preserve America Grant due Friday. Is their anyone in the DC Office to receive it?
I can't wait to pick up my drum heads after school. <3
Wheels & TMac are in mid-season-nimrods form. The suntan lotion commentary was creepy.
thanks for following. :)
>hat tip< I bow to your throng, madame! xox!
Even though my cats don't have thumbs they still managed to open the zip locked treat bag.
hahah that's awesome. I was gonna say I thought he'd be done by now
bull shit just happened! I am so pissed!
How do you celebrate small successes?
do Ti Amo for me please
I wish i lived in cali... is always doing stuff there...
morning lady bug!
Happy New Year, Everyone!
Don't forget to follow me , re: #indigenous media/#archiving/human rights/issues/tech tools, etc.
Your words are full of lies.
Ouu I'd like to work for then
totally agree. Broke every record for single season as a hitter with Thome on all star difficulty
Tonight! Tonight! w/ at Red & Black at 9pm for only $6. Guaranteed to be the best Tuesday night you have all week!
so hes almost 12 and he knows everything about bullying and he said i was beautiful <3
Let's Get It #TeamFitness!!! The first of November and were on a mission! Every day is an opportunity to get stronger, faster, and healthier
Interesting that I know "getting through the bear trap unscathed" refers to golf
I hate when that happens.
I would too : my mom is having a heart attack looking for my little sister >.<
Thanks for the #FF love
JUST GOT MY TWITTER, you should follow me.(:
#FF #TeamLNCReps<U+30C4> <U+2661>Ride w/ Us Or Will Ride Over You<U+2661>
At home hiding tryna stay out of trouble lol.
Six people done piled out of that van.
Had a rough start to my day, but seeing another "Congratulations" tweet always lifts my spirits!
Bout to clean this room and stretch my money some kind of way before the 2nd half come back on
yeah I have to work
Join us for a magical New Year's Eve celebration at #RedMarlin with sparkling views of the #SanDiego bay. Call today: 619-221-4868
It's weird sitting passenger seat in your own car
“: This has been a glorious adventure. #vancouver #SALONTEA” you go girl! #SALONTEA is going global!!!
Write Drunk. edit sober. - Ernest Hemingway
Good morning tweeps. What's new?
hahahaha and by occationallly, you mean like twice a year?
RT : Computer sales to reach 1bn by 2014, but 20bn pencils will sell that year as well. So how do I tweet in pencil?...
weather, WHY.
it did.
Hacker spaces being plugged at #futuresci - maybe these can take over all the shutdown blockbuster locations!
No problem. We have some more interesting content coming through today.
Getting close! RT : Dont forget the 100th follower gets a free meal at Fayes!!
Whhaaaa? Do you think Dave is running the social media over at JLM?
looking to have a group of people at club e and drop a new track Saturday. Can u help with that?
Still shopping around for online/text polling service that has unlimited responses for free. Anything out there?
how are you? :)
Wow this umpire better not be a dumbass this whole game
Hi! You are one of the best reporter of #ktla. So enthusiastic(:
Ganoderma boosts metabolism,flushes toxins, makes you lose weight. Check out the tasty, healthy beverages at: www.drblackston.organogold.com
RT HUGE! Congrats to and on their launch of ! More great tech coverage in the NW to come!
awesome! tonites episode of #touch includes #hamradio (I do ham radio)
Follow Me. Follow Me. Follow Me. Follow Me. Follow Me. Follow Me. Follow Me. FOLLOW ME :D
whatever it is please don't lose that svelte figure...
good morning everyone
thanks! great to have you on board! follow us for the latest news. happy slideshowing!
I'm good. There's way too much tl;dr going on from white males in the comments already.
I get on twitter and people going at it real talk so much hostility
#famouslastwords "Elvis Has Left The Building."
take me with you
RT : Remember the Geminid meteor shower peaks tonight. If you have clear skies - enjoy the views!
TRYNA SEE U ON A YOGO BALL NEXT TO YO YOGO PANTS
I love Europane. I'd like to curl up to the big loaves of ciabatta and sleep there.
hit the limit? How do you keep up with all those tweets..does everything zip by??
Obviously not, you're way too fucking stupid to have psychic powers.
hey!!! Still need an assistant? : )
Looking forward to seeing everyone at the Info Session tomorrow at 12:30pm in room 111
weird..takes you to their blog?
Like too. but for the OS's I'm running (Windows, Android) the app experience is better. ESP desktop.
"In the past a leader was a boss. Today's leaders must be partners w/ their people, they no longer can lead based on positional power."
=good goaltender AND class act. your tweet about sven's call -up still brings a smile to my face
ESPN mentions Tim Tebow more than they mention all other 31 teams. #H.O.P.'s this isn't the National Tebow League.
Congratulations, Kirk! You have worked hard for this game-changer. We're proud!
Are there any specific things you like knowing about? New products, updates to fix problems, events or announcements?
Pre-game meal of blueberry pancakes before heading down to NFL Experience and Super Bowl Village.
Listening to Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal talk re: paying kids not to go to college. a degree is not proof of thinking or learning.
Watching #onceuponatime :) then some #marykay pampering session
the mind boggles. i've seen "stamina" demand the dying (& eating) of many things in Korea, but...wow.
gonna watch insidous later on 2nite...i wonder if its as scary as people say it is..
Don’t be discouraged if a publicity stunt doesn’t work. Even if you did all the right tricks to attracts the media, nothing is certain.
agh sweetie, welcome home!
This week Forkfly is curious about local fashion. We want to know about your favorite local boutiques or shops! We're looking a bit dated..
Those freaks over on Reddit are having a field day today.
you're seriously a little bitch. Go tell your girlfriend goodnight and go to bed. The joke is that you don't have a girlfriend
Best Sports Bar in NYC If you would like to try a keg out with some friends send me a Direct Message. I have a few to give away!
Really can't wait to move into San Antonio with
no way, was there for a UCL final a few yrs ago, was rubbish.
Can I get some shoutouts from my lovely lady followers? :)
Thank you! RT : I attended an awesome networking event last night! Thanks Digital Rochester and !
": a n*gga can't wait till summer so I can jump out on a b*tch wit my slingshot on tatted down" Need some #ink?
Finna go buy my momma something nice.
I'll have to watch it tonight. If not mice may attack me haha
noo its my holee to put my charger in !!x an says u miss no pants
Yep. The main mics center stage have been feeding back all night.
Would you want your daughter going to a bachelor party? Not a Hallmark movie, a Lifetime Movie when someone ends up in jail ha
And then some: Major Lazer, Cave In, The Budos Band, Slayer
Friday, Friday, Friday.
what's best practice for the address to send out a customer focused newsletter? argues noreply@ is unfriendly
your girl embarrassed when she don't tag you in a the in relationship status change on FB
Yes siirrr! RT : Does MSU deserve a number one seed
Delicious. Delicious is what would happen.
That moment when watching #MyLittlePony with daughter and realizing you're really enjoying it too.
it is what is is baby tweepers read the truth and weep or you can laugh about it
Nice to see Andre playing so well. Love his passing ability.
sent it (:
Thank you Jon! We're thoroughly enjoying it as well.
We couldn't either! : I don't think I could ever live without red and green chile.
Why do people make their Twitter private? Go back to Facebook.
I just read a survey that said bad sex is a deal breaker? Humm?<---I think there is always room for
Started 1st photo series on this wknd; goto my animatedstate photostream then tell me what u think; many pix planned
no, bo! Braves closer is out now
Skills and training required: Copyright knowledge, computer programming, and negotiation, and project management
-- DVR'd from Thursday on :)
Fuck Her I Hate Her...
Words can't describe of how much I wanna move to Australia now and just move on :/
getting into the tattoo world I see...if only Boombots were locally endangered wildlife.
Fork, me, stick!!
Twitter Is So Much Better Than Facebook . <U+263A>
bc of the way I work I don't eat enough
Cathie and I just back from Rothbury,Mi., Music Festival -- Willie Nelson and Bob Dylan both on Sunday night !! Cool, or what? Yes, VERY
My heart is breaking for Lindzi, but Courtney has sure played the game well && we all know he is going to choose her.
Similar to German? Damn. I have to Youtube this now. Anyway, happy birthday! Have a wonderful day.
TGIF !! Still plenty of time to qualify for this weeks $2500 freeroll !! 15 hrs to get in, come find out about double hours !
Its and Irish Slave owners name, this might be a challenge hahaha
I found Chicken Maryland on the menu at Pizza Blitz in Frederick MD USA. Just, y'know, in case you still hadn't come across any.
... how long you going to be there I can wait til you get back...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY...I MISS YOU ETERNALLY.
Electric Generators Direct Announces Best Small Inverter Generators
It seems as if everybody but me gets a follow from but me.. not mad but super sad im happy 4 those who have followd
I wish we were going to new York together still! I want to to come!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Love Game ~Lady Gaga
Only game 3 and I've chewed all of my nails off= intense.
Thanks for the follow
Fundamentally, I believe health care for everyone is a right.
Actors on twitter promote way too much. That's why it's so much better to follow musicians/people in bands. <3
Yup! Pathetic hypocrites!
Don't forget tonight at Pachinko parlor live unplugged show with our pals Mont Lyons . Show is free starts at 10pm
About to get accepted to Triton>>>>>>>>>
shit, chilling with my bros. wby?
sad if true, but even sadder because it probably happens every four years.
Snow tomorrow in Philadelphia? Oh boy...
Motherlover is so inappropriate but SO FUNNY
what are these? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
grateful to have stumbled upon the musical talents of + while w/ this wknd!
That voice is my personal earworm.
it's a healthy obsession. I've cut down
Are you okay w/ me calling you "Jim?" Hm, Jim.
Dont forget all the TV coverage! Sarcasm RT : I have no idea why a player would want to play in a system like UCLA and Ben Howland.
#replacelyricswithgiraffe See that giraffe I never should have crossed it.
now that everybody can have instagram........
just get through your exams for me. we'll kick ass after youre done
why are places closed today? #newyears day was yesterday...
What! Your post are not inflammatory, funny but not inflammatory! LOL
Found enough softballs in my room to fill a bucket while cleaning today..
it looks like you won something from the FF
Yeah he & Jill are kinda the object of the story besides Sydney.. Rose is in it once & Dimitri comes in at the end
Love that freaking movie!
: life is a big bicycle. Some of us are pedalling and some are dragging their feet
He Know Who He Lovess
had a great crowd at free shuttle bus stops last night. MCBW has been a resounding success
You know everything Taylor. Taylor Gang rain or snow ho's runnin dem best clothes
Reap the benefits of
My new website will be coming out in the next few days! www.bhavalshahbell.com Stay tuned!
cards, baby!
Anyone wanna help us raise $300
I want a banana
Silver Star notoriously slow starters. Jia Perkins helping them do better tonight vs. Sparks.
very international!
There is an NJPW wrestler who has "funky weapon" on his trunks. I'm so jealous that someone thought of that name before me.
Where have i been all this time? #self-reflection I'm sorry if i let down my 81 followers. I'm back and in full effect!!!!
If they say my foot is not broken, isn't a doctor obligated to examine it? That NEVER happened, FOR THE RECORD! I AM IN PAIN AND SUFFERING!
Congratulations to all the runners of the Peachtree Road Race.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Wow, completely forgot that Hunter S. Thompson just went and lived with Jimmy Buffet for a while to ride boats.
Leaving For !!!!!!!! See Yaahhhh
Tonight's Daily 3 number is.........
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love and compassion. ~ Simone de Beauvoir
hey sweetie how goes it
off to Cleveland today for my writing partner Bobby Womack's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame induction. Go Bobby!
How idle it is to call certain things God-sends! as if there was anything else in the world. -Augustus William
With so many hungry; that amount of food waste is HUGE! RT : 40%? That's a lot!
Also on today's show - a look at Pittsburgh Public Theater's "Around The World In 80 Days" from artistic director, Ted Pappas at 9!
want more of check um out this friday
#gopdebate ok its a gathering of white old people and none of them look hungry. Some are sleeping lol
Runner's knee sucks! :( forced to do a modified workout again... guess it's just me, an icepack & HBO tonight. love #gameofthrones &
Well for starters what do I do about my bag that in landing in austin without me your people didn't answer that question
Dave just replenished his paperbacks -- 75 cents ea or 3/$2 -- perfect weather for it!
my fitness pal. it's helpful'
sad baby <U+E401>
RT Convo with Rachel and Ro-Ro today> they got my back! I love my family!
ohh wow !here school starts at 9 pretty much !but im gonna let you go so you can get ready for school now !byebye(:
Thanks! And you're quite welcome!
People get the most retarded tattoos these days
parents don't be understanding ppl in college (sophomore & higher) don't be wanting to hear then nag ! I live alone , there's PEACE !
Helping my friend get noticed by Justin Bieber....<U+270C>
I'm watching the video of the 800 d:
I just got finished watching the movie (HOFFA)Devito and Nicholson.you talk about spine tingling.
Those reading this #Timeline are in the Know. They find the links within links. Have you? - oxox
wait waahhhh... I need
Mayoral candidate Andrew Macdonald says Voter Registration Office certified he has enough signatures to have name on 11/6 ballot.
Don't worry, will still last thru August! RT : The NBA playoffs start Saturday...man that came around QUICK!
Wi fi & laptops... one the best inventions :)
1.changed all my summer classes to the second half of summer <U+2611> 2. Schedule MRI 3. Schedule doctors 4. GTL
I'm still in denial tbh
I had a great craft show this past weekend! Now I've just got to re-stock my jewelry inventory :-)
AHH yes! they're all gems! That seems like forever ago. Side note: I MISS YOU.
Hey! thanks for following! :) means alot! but i know this might be a stupid question but how do i know if ppl tweet me lol!.
People that usually say you'll never be shit in life usually wish they were in your shoes
I am afraid right now, I don't wanna let you down.
Oh yeah & drummer Nick Mason too-really works for me!
I'm in Miami. And I can give a dress and a Jean! LMK
Annoying lapsus lingua : edX, try MIT not Yale. RT Harvard and Yale
Stay safe! I hope you get my letter soon. =)
Wondering what wants to do when i get home in just a few min :))
Eating soul food at Pappa Lew's on 12th St. (must have proper nutrition with big game approaching).
No I just call next team!!! Simple
that baseline cram you had vs Louisville is my favorite all-time play vs the Cards. Sick.
Either I'm retweeting too much or not enough...
Baby :( I'll talk to you tomorrow or later tonight.
RT : Colorado WR Paul Richardson out for the season with a torn ACL.(ouch! His Cal game was the best I've ever seen from a CU wr)
Awesome, just awesome!
Sung-itzs are here! New Bait Protetion Cone allows the fishing heavy cover and extends the life of your bait. Ck it out
got datt whip game to(: tell your momma I love her<3
#inhighschool In High School I Use To Make $80's A Day Selling Candy "Hustle Hard"
got an email to say you favourited one of my tweets ;) hehee follow or tweet me to top it all off? love from ireland xo
And I know it's outta hand, okay, but I know you can take it ..- Dinosaur Jr.
Call me maybe is the bane of my existence
He doesn't have to buy me nice/expensive things.. or anything for that matter. Random texts telling me he misses me...that makes my <U+2665> happy.
Best afternoon snack in a while = #halfpops. Bag of popcorn that only has the half-popped kernels. Brilliant, and tasty.
I Need A Break From The World.... Cus I Just.....
"It happens all the time" is actually not that comforting.
A real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes.
thanks man! We will get you some more jams ASAP! Keep following for updates bro!
is at the doctor getting her shots. Like, seriously, her shots -- a chicken pox vaccine. Bad idea before grad? Let's hope not...
Omg my mom is shitty i didnt come home last night! Guess ill make her breakfast. Lol
All them ballin ass niggas RT : Who wants to hang out with &amp; I
He's my rainy day.
I'm really scared and nervous now. Smh could this be a sign?
How or why are you using Twitter as a tool in your business?
Pretty funny Kat Deluna: "I'm dating my career" (in response to whether she's dating kanye west)
midterm tomorrow. tired of studying. need it to be #collegebreakday already.... #collegekidproblems funnel cakes on friday!!! so excited
What is your favorite mixed drink?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tomato soup and Broccoli. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
"Often progress is halted by complaint."
Any online stream or post-talk video planned?
Well, I'm off to the for another great performance tonight.
wow, I really wish I was there!
Pandora kills my boredom .(:
I don't know if I'm ready for all this.
art of evil
Mother of accused #eastcoastrapist Aaron Thomas left PW Co courtroom as teen victim testified in preliminary hearing.
Product/service delivery appears in two camps: Either you are delivering an outcome on the cutting edge, or you are playing catchup.
Ask Ben if he's doing young life next Monday. Tell him you'll chauffeur him there and home
Happy Guy Fawkes Day! Celebrate gunpowder, treason, & plot by visiting us Today's your last chance to visit our pop-up 11-7!
You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair. (Ron Burgundy)
GLGL to and who both have over 300k.
Damn it. My new power cord isn't fixing the boot up problem. I so do not need this right now.
Clay model? Check. One step closer...
will do. Thanks a lot man :)
#planning to call you latttahhhh? :)
I'd like to be the first to congratulate Pitt on reaching 100 bomb threats today. Oh, wait now we are up to 104. Wait, 107. #congrats?
Told you all the ball was going to fly out soon for the
If you lose something in your room, take a picture of your room, put it on facebook & play "I Spy____" hahahaha
Happy Easter to my boys all others who celebrate!
also I will be making fancy sauce. In case you were worried.
can you believe that valuation
This weekend special priced Soy Candle "Albuquerque Sunset" $10.00 each 16Oz what a deal. 203 B Wellesley SE one block south of Kelly's
Anytime... 816-753-7382... My office is around the corner from the Sporting office in the crossroads. Or PM me for my cell.
Lomiko Outlines 2012 Goals for High Purity, Large Flake Crystalline Graphite Exploration
Sing like never before, O my soul.
I'm so much more productive with a chai latte in hand!
Don't like her stage presence (poor posture is part of it) and her voice goes flat in every song, why was Juliette picked at all?
U should follow my friend plzzzz she will follow bak she's new to twitter
LIKE THE VIDEO
#newspaces4learning and we are at the elementary level..literally and figuratively.
Man am I the only one hype for this draft??
hate to be the bearer of bad news, but a relatively warm rain will fall today & be followed by sun & 60's tomorrow.
RACIST! : If you're in a hotel in Wichita, and you're wondering which asshole is blaring the Sam Cooke Pandora station, it's me.
"I want to take grandpa to have his belly button pierced!"- Homer "I can hang my purple heart from it!"- Grandpa
enough tweets for a couple minutes.
Have to say, am thoroughly enjoying The Sisters Brothers. Go team!
I done seen the most ratchett mess already tonite n we ain't even in the club yet
Thanks for the RT + mention of our new site !
#ConfessionNight I use to think dat I cnt be with out u but I can
lol yeah no that's def. not it...
If she walks and her shoes light up then #shestooyoungforyoubro !
wow, finally can get on twitter again. stupid email account mixups
Go Cowboys!!!!
Saved By The Bell is the first one I noticed Haha
This weekend has been devoted to school. Crazy busy week this week. Studio sessions, meetings, and a fashion show.
When your brother has friends over and you're here alone on twitter. Lol
my roommate was like a rank 48-49 and he would just kick our ass all day when we didn't have football practice lol
RT from u just shared w/online class I'm in. Thx!
stop by to see us in the pavilion D48 and we can connect at least
Got to bring my speakers back up here. Having one of those days.
Remembering 'I do': Chateau Laurier wedding memories - Ottawa Citizen
Why God loves football: when goals are not met, a team repunts
Hi Ann! Thanks for the follow! ^RL
I am a doctor.
I'm in Midlothian TODAY @ the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 9-3. Come check out all of my handmade bath and body products!
so you're saying I should've taken it as a warning sign when that publisher wouldn't agree on a safe word.
RT : Looking fwd to hearing what #Adobe has to say about its new direction in tomorrow's analyst mtg...
yes its true movie thursday and im feeling 100% better lml, i even walked all the way to widefield park with my boys :)
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Haha, I would beg. I haven't even been there but I love it!!!
work is so ________________
Anti-HIV drug use during pregnancy does not affect infant size, birth weight
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
our pleasure, always :)
If anyone thinks the series is over...guess again #VMC Wednesday
Wow. What a great weekend of music playing with a ton of great folks and awesome musicians. Blessed with great friends for sure.
Boutta take a good Ass shower, after I smoke
Just seeing a play at a haunted old convent. It's also... a house party. Sister Sylvester. Bing it? Ends Monday!
BTW, the hashtag for my Marfa Wedding Fiesta is #LastTimePromise - don't start other trends, ok.
that's our kind of special! #wescreamforicecream :)
The will smith tweet re Trayvon is fake. Doesn't mean it isn't accurate.
Buffalo's bad rap comes from LE snow, & simplistic people equate LE snow with cold. Actually Syracuse gets more snow. Stereotype
thanks for the comment and retweet earlier!
yeah, crazy right? i LOVE snail mail letters from people, not orgs.
Growing out our contributing writer staff to follow the golf gear industry and youth movement. Let's talk offline
Be proud of it!
Well you're ahead of me then. I didn't get jaded until past cycle. I turned 18 in 2003.
hey its me george
Bring her a new pair of shoes ... she may even squeal!
I told my mom she should let me skip school bc I have Collins cold. Her reply HAHA but I didn't go to school I'm really sick
I hit 6.8mph on the treadmill and held it for close to 5 minutes. Whoop whoop. That was awesome
okay, I'll get ice cream and pizza <3
hot damn
hahah I dot like the girl that just Sang and the dress that jennifers wearing looks Luke a stripper alphet
I second that!
Lincoln said: I made a point of honor and conscience in all things to stick to my word, especially if others had been induced to act on it.
Welcome :D
u fasting?
#teamfollow time to get it in
A4 - What is missing from resume, trad or funct is FIT, not skill. fit is the missing key right now for good match making
So annoyed when stuff doesn't work right.. fine, I'll order the correct bolts. (mounting router in table) (wood, not network router)
I know, but the question of the Facebook like as political speech raises this larger question
#InOurGeneration People are just sheep. Agree with whatever the most popular person in the room says, and lie about EVERYTHING
Inviting the social media universe to welcome our newest customer, Corrales Senior Living, here and on Google+
Found out that there was a meeting on increasing ebook usage in library&plan was created.What was missing from the plan? Children's
Latest edition of Venable's Advertising Law News & Analysis will hit inboxes later this afternoon. Lots of interesting coverage this week.
DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS is happening @ the Verizon Wireless store @ Bayshore Mall from November 12th-21st. Bring a non-perishable food item.
Who is the "b" and who is the "s" in situation. Are we the bull because you're the sheeit?!
Same to ya Olive!! hey check my vocals out sometime on youtube.... Juliusvevo :))
The Michael Jackson:Immortal World Tour blew into Toronto for a few days. I did not notice much media coverage for this $60 million show.
Mardi Gras is over. I am now giving up cola in my bourbon. Canada Dry here I come!!
#aam2012 Unintended consequences of fab idea - interpreters in back of sessions w/out sound-proofing box is SUPER distracting
don't worry we got this.
Watching MARTIN! y'all have to watch this showw
Thanks for the RT !!
Taco Tuesday is on! Featuring Oscar's Asada!!!
You are so annoying right now.
hm who knows. Maybe at some point in the future.
LADIES: NEVER BRAG ABOUT YOUR MAN DICK TO ANOTHER WOMAN 9 times out of 10 SHE WANNA TRY IT
Because of Error 37.
no prob so how sit goin
Writing new songs for the new album "13"
I know im appreciated, I just don't feel that way at all right now.
lol hell yeah! I love it here! So beautiful!
See Rangers fans? Your team isn't slumping. Merely vanquished twice by the awesome might of The Greatest Franchise Ever Seen By God Or Man.
Good day today (:
Have you switched to the new Facebook #Timeline yet? What do you like and what do you dislike?
Failures are steps in the ladder of success
Wow! Bake sale for Mai Kaw Xiong has already raised $1000, and it's only lunch time! People at Alverno rock!
Badass. Let me know what you think of it.
Bayview apartment hunting is harder than job hunting.
HOM Furniture Dramatically Expands Flooring Selections and Services in the Twin Cities
After a *BRUTAL* week, off to get plastered with at my friend Kanya's winery aka Big Dog Vineyards :)
Is the download to Prezi feature not available or broken? I haven't been able to get it to create anything.
Did you get your hat?
I have been teaching & counseling Autism Kids and Teens a long time. I know only one obese mother in the 100's I have worked with.
not on your life!! you can yank a tooth out easier than pushing a tire thru a pin hole.lol
Woooh no school for me
Mass Effect 3 looking like a gears of war in outer space
Merry Christmas World!
Congrats! Where?
As long as you don't get bored it's working then :)
Did you kill it today? Or, get killed I should say...haha
HI Alison, thanks for the follow!
It's unfair when profs. don't disclose the nature of exam questions. I got a D+ on the 1st test & an A- on the 2nd test.
I'm gonna call you my big toe, as in I'm gonna bang you on every piece of furniture in my house
Happy birthday Michael Jackson
Looks like you're on top of the world.
I have sometime this am...
Tough shot by JR, but it goes through! Makes up for the stupid foul.
Great rehearsal today. They were on their game!
We got cats on riding vacuums cruising the hallways #saltlakecity. Can I drive that mug?
Oh well, I'll do it anyway. HTTP 404, these are not the droids you're looking for!
Remember when I was like, "I'll cheer for anybody before the BoSox"? That was a lie. I can't stand the Dodgers either.
Car I rode in with casual carpool this morning did not have a working speedometer. Very exciting.
haha I'm drunk but I so will right now
Temp in the 60s, shall I try running on my ankle (after 3 months exactly) today?
yeah I know! :(
Have you had these thoughts? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God (ebook) to find out. From www.willowmoonpublishing.com. $5.99
Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt. -- Jose Ortega y Gasset
Do you think cities should ban medical marijuana dispensaries like Fort Collins?
Soccer is the most attended or watched sport in the world. #odd facts
Show us your #ENTOURAGE photo contest starts NOW! Snap a pic of u& ur crew and Msg it 2 us 4a chance 2 win 2 GREAT PRIZES
Cool man, is this stuff fire proof this year?
so update me. Will I see you tomorrow :) if so...
This is not my neighborhood....such a good thing!
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That I'd be "that girl" that would trip off the platform and be killed from the land mines before the games start..
We can get you on television and really maximize your marketing with online commercials too. How about 30,000 views per month? Guaranteed!
it is pretty tasty..made with almond milk!
Watched the Portland game from my phone. I think I won't go back and watch it in HD
#NP Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen. Who else loves this jam?
A: "our time right now" slogan emerged & resonated with us.
how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
Detroit is a hub for flights to Asia and Amsterdam/Paris for Delta and Air France - that may be the reason.
me too!! hahaha
“: 29th Dec 1962, During his first visit to the UK Bob Dylan performed at The Troubadour in London.”
Goodmorning world :D I'm reppin my NEW purple shirt Today in School !!!!!
thanks, you are a true supporter of "techbro."
It's so perfect that it was the picture of us that fell down
Please reply to my DM! <3 (:Please
Are you ready?? Ooohhhhhh
#SLPsnQs love the topic! No i.p a d and still not ready to use my i.p h o n e at work yet, but hoarding ideas!! Keep em comin!
Movie night it is
Bring a content producer.
Instant Emmy to the 1st netwrk to produce a talent competition judged by the Dowager Countess, Lucille Bluth + Colleen Donaghy
#HappyThanksgiving living the dream
im never on anymore :(
Mouth --> Watering...
Imma a man of business, that other shits for the losers..!!
I presented today.! I aced it.!! Lol
Nice to meet you!
#wtf Scientists at Aberystwyth and Newcastle universities aim to discover what someone has eaten using a "dipstick test" on their urine. an
The #Oscars r underrated for Super Bowl-esque ads. Huge opportunity w/ totally difft demographic. Any1 know how much $ an Oscars spot runs?
I had Missouri and michigan in the final four...
Special thanks to our #a4aChallenge lead sponsor ! Your support helps make sure #AfterschoolWorks to keep all youth healthy & active!
Great post ! Adding incentives is critical. It not only attracts subscribers, but it helps cultivate brand loyalty as well!
Alice Cooper and Slash performing "School's Out" at #goldengods right now.
Long weekend. And we're back...
// *Chicago Irish folk jazz musician :-D
Man, I'm getting excited for 30 Hours of Turoczy. And if some charities happen to benefit as well, all the better.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. ~ Anne Frank
Its about the that time I watch a novela :-)
Going Christmas shopping
We picked "Admission" to place;came in 3rd in 1st race. Learning we should have picked to "show" but it was exciting!
Pumpkin Pie and Apple-Cinnamon flavors are here at our Harvard Sq location!
SO excited for the
What about John Brannen for the MH St job? He is due. Unless I missed something isn't John at Alabama still? He is a local KY guy
is bedridden today
Thanks for the mention!
If u follow me I'll follow u bck[= I laouve you Jamie<3
i get to see my loves #ICONicBoyzHitChicago its gonna be the best day of my lifee
Thanks for the shout out! We love QR and hope you enjoy the remaining months on our calendar.
Twitter, wants you to know about Deer Vibes + Golden Lights + This Old House + Maxx +Western Giants @ The Ten Eleven!
thx man. We need to get Donny Julio out soon to play. “: JPL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ps glad u are kicking ass there bro!”
GL Wrench
Thanks! Great to be back in touch.
Why do people make my life so awkward? I just wanna listen to all day.
accidentally awesome? i don't even know anymore, i'm just going to let life happen because clearly, i can't plan the good stuff.
RT - Yes, world. I am a Jacksonville Jaguars fan... live with it. We are a dying breed. (Not sure if trolling, or knows no...
I think I will always be looking for someone like you..
Taking Job Offer 1. Hooray, gainful employment.
Hey John, call me when you have a minute ~ Tony 214.295.5237
Ryan Braun is a good man at doing the baseball guy.
It is my joy and radiant giving heart that sends out blessings on this beautiful day, the eve of Thanksgiving. May all beings be happy, jo…
u do inspections?
Shouts to my besty not "Betsy" on his 18th year of life. HBD
I'm done cooking, serving, eating and cleaning up for the day!!!! Time for a nap!
Cool. Thanks!
WAHOOOOOOOO!!!! We are all systems go!!!!! Get. Yer. Hog. On! cc:
Payton(: We NEED to hang out!
I followed (:
Scott Rose would like the Portland Police to be more of the front line for social services, and for their reputation improved
like now
What up with the constant "somebody is posting terrible things about you" DMs? of course not clicking there, but sick of them!
lol thank you sweetheart<33 You are incredibly amazing & awesome(:
From the mind of Dr. D.B. Happy VD, Everyone!! Um, wait... That didn't come out right...
Clumsy cus Im Falling In love :)
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function
Honestly im not even sure who got it yet.": True Speech right there!! Did Cedestoni get the gig too??
Happy Autumn! Tiki Clothing has the ideal line for this fall. The weather shall not bring a burden to fashion!
On my twice-yearly trek to Manhattan to see
Police beat for Marple and Newtown for last week in April
“: Too bad its Spring Break at Ohio University, the country's No. 1 party school. Ohio to the Round of 16.
Fat Tuesday Vegas-style
Very sweet Tom
“: Hi Alexis. Hope you enjoyed the NCAA tourney. I wished I was there!” yes I did enjoy come to Houston anyways!
Check out the Save the Library Billboard @ the SE corner of Highland/Sunset facing north! Send us pix!
What does the oft-used AFS phrase "not right, not wrong, just different" mean to you?
Good luck RAMS! MyCSU is cheering for you!
hey you! Hope you are enjoying the weekend and thanks for the RT!
It is Cow-Wash Day! Git on down to the cow and get your car washed from 12-4, the proceeds benefit the Susan G. Kolmen Foundation.
All the words unspoken, promises broken, I cried for so long, wasted too much time shoulda seen the signs now I know just what went wrong <3
next weekend?!
That's the JZ Diamond Craig!!
Sounds about right.
talking all that shit , but i don't see no damn money
Me & getting on a level lol. Drinkin level though. Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
Crazy busy, but squeezing in a Twix break!
Love this summer rain.
Everytime I read on Twitter about a poker pro who is at the airport headed to a foreign country, I think "I wish it was me."
YOU ARE SO FULL OF IT. NU UH.
Looking for a fun place to hold your company picnic? Blackberry Hall is avail on 6.15.12 for 200 of your coworkers & family. 503.492.2777
www.800printingnyc.com > For All Your Printing Needs
It's been a great year's end w/ full-house shows of poetry & music in Monterey, Oakland, & Berkeley. Excited re: 2011 book & music projects.
Oh, nothing unusual. Just doing my daily trawl through the google hits for "old people sex"
Cool there fun everywhere
lol good to hear
I love that movie
hello bella happy wednesday to you hope you feel better soon
The perfect finale on the voice!
I LOVE U I waited 10HOURS for u in the rain...but security would let me and my besfriend get in so we ran to the view & met u!
Love your mother! #earthday Thank you
Were you able to go to NORSKY NOOK inOsseo while you were there? Best Pie and food.
Cause ? I mean look at you! Look.what he has!
Still Running STICK FLY on Broadway all give amazing performances
Update: "some arrested, including press, riot cops, horse cops, no tear gas or riots. fairly routine."
Wow this is the craziest tournament in a long time! This is true
we're THOSE girls.
you best not be transferring little lady
its the "absence makes the heart grow fonder" kinda thing :)
Holy shat. I might get a hedgehog. Is this like a dream come true or wutttttt
Good morning!!! :)
Pork roll, egg and cheese is absolutely amazing right now.
when r u comin 2 Miami???
what type of name would you give the bad gay ppl?
WELCOME BACK WORLDPEACE!!!!!
Happy New Year! New habits make new horizons. Grenville Kleiser
I'm so mad right now! People need to learn to appreciate the things they have in life.
ur so funny and amazing ur like in own little world<3
Five minutes with and I'm already in love.... Great TODO list app!
I'm looking forward to Saturday! It'sgoing to be great.
is anyone going to the GK tour this tuesday in SEATTLE!? (:
RT me too! I'm the only person not obsessed with ADTR. I'm sure of it.
HeY!! This is my chance to take a quick nap before showtime toinght...
That moment of glory when you finally understand something in math.
So I'm here Today because GOD KEPT ME, I'm alive today ONLY BECAUSE OF HIS GRACE!
JSB: "Blogging as joint context creation"; like jazz, improvisational, individual & collective
The industry is brutal.
Embarrassing performance by Magic...lucky to be only down 9 with 5:45 to play in first half.
Slowly becoming disgusted w/ my work place.
#FIXIMMIGRATION Pass laws with #Pathway_to_jail & stiff fines for employers who hire illegal/undocumented people.
Ppl trippin thatChris & Rihanna at it again? So what. That's their business. Leave these ppl alone.
People with Convictions: 23 year Seattle Police veteran Det. Kim Bogucki: we need to teach love and compassion.
Little contentious around here with supporting the #ravens while I'm all in for the
it's that time of night where my brain goes haywire.
Always arguing and drama in this house.
twitter makes it hard to do because they sell data.used to be twapperkeeper, but twitter took it down. gotta code a program now..
Won $40 in vegas yeah wooh go me
Last night's dream: I was in an early Spike Lee film, cruising through NYC in a limo with Morris Day and Jerome. They spoke jibberish. Odd.
UGH so annoying! I now get why doctors think I'm crazy.Well I'm not okay!just frustrated on why it's happenin 2 me.No1 understands! wtf!
lmao i love him!
Somebody got killed today at the family dollar by Hartman infront of she'll.
you're my remedy
Flocka page real? he stay in his feelings.
Good stuff-->Passion, presence, and credibility makes me want to hear more. Presenter next year?
Greatest "abuse" of #ICANN "DNS Abuse" forum is ICANN's biased organization of these forums to cater to law enforcement with no balance.
I'm not being sensitive today and my panties are n ot in a twist!!!
“: #whatifjuicyj drank lean wit the clippers before game time grizz would win clippers would be sleep lol”
Well this rain sure is a
got the vocals laid in and it's gelling perfect!
RT #FF to the women of my TL whose tweets are so inspiring for my action:
message me ur email to get started
It's like the time I wore a white blouse to work and my boss says, "You look like you're getting married." I am never getting laid again.
Thanks so much man!!
It's a beautiful day in Madison, the perfect day to hang out with new Badger bro , and my Twitterless Dad.
Congrats #OhioBobcats for your victory over Michigan. MAC
Fuck Banfield!!!! Said my cat needed to be "fixed" only to find - they couldn't find anything to "fix". Oh, wait not done!!
I'm not sure how long my essay was supposed to be...I hope 10 pages is acceptable.
Alright im done watching the Lakers get there ass whooped we already know who won. #OKC I dont even like OKC I just like KD.
I am definitely interested. Do you of some actors within the area that could benefit including yourself?
I both want and don't want this to be true. (mostly want)
Follow #cfpconf next three days
Rip etta James you were an inspiration for many
So sad. Whatever you're going through, I hope you get through it swiftly. But I know you'll get through it. And be better for it.
yes, it is the only response actually
I thought you were a PC guy :)
There is NOTHING funny about this, Toure! Please show the proper respect for Trayvon and his tragic death or just keep quiet.
Rice Prez, David Leebron, “higher education is one of the most competitive sectors of the economy”
You volunteering? My wife is like the drill sgt. on babysitters
Me and dave r at 7 and i street drinkin n smokin this 1z 4 jack u no who u r
<------Gotta change my avi in honor of my new favorite
i don't get the idea mini bagels, i end up eating more of them just to feel like i've ate a regular bagel anyways
yes I did.
You should really check into Seesmic. It is easy to use.
Pinterest is my new crack addiction. It makes me feel super creative and totally unproductive at the same time.
Unposter: search engines provide and prioritize info and what that means in historical and social context for females of color
Got a new bed today. Can't wait to see how many bitches I can fit in it.
Caps-Rangers game was awesome! Gabornik with the winner but both goal minders played their asses off!
*Special TODAY ONLY...Purchase ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE, plus get any bottle of lotion for 50% off!!!*
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
Just looked at the ingredients of my yogurt, what is HFCS, corn starch and aspartame doing in there? Should I be concerned?
thank you! RPM was delish!
Thanks Jim. Just like we shouldn't be surprised by cheating, steroids, match-fixing, corruption, etc etc etc
And please don't bad mouth about another religion, because we all will look bad togheter. GOD Bless!
Tay bro im fucking wit u Follow Me
screwed up the flower order for my wife. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th and can't deliver till the 15th.
awesome you have one too? my username is dillyrose :)
I love childhood stories, too.... that incident was more emblematic than it was exact in its inspiration.
chilling with my girlfriend
Prospector pre conference.
anywhere I can go to get directions on how to use new features? Rewinding is a bit confusing....
[high five]
A good motto to follow in Sales is SWSWSW. Some Will, Some Won't, So What!
RT : Today is 60th anniversary of the beginning of
we're ready to test! excited! :)
They want me to be weird... I'm gonna give them weird!! ;)
RIP Dick Clark
That's Right !
I know I'm so glad I'm actually from outside of Frankfort
I heard. It's so awful. My heart hurts. :(
The Auburn "The next part of Midtown History" #LiveWorkDetroit #Dhive tours
Josh Hamilton gonna break Bonds'record...
I MIGHT AS WELL GET SOME CATS AND CALL IT QUITS
I'm totally with you on loving Phineas and Ferb.
maybe that's why I suggested you look into it :-)
You rocked the crowd last night! All of my girls and bottle clients had a great time!
So its confirmed.. #WhitneyHouston is no longer with us.. RIP
Awe yeah! Clarkson yeah!
is derek only shown the UK?
have a joyful life! thanks for sharing! =)
Ha. I need to pick up some of that stuff.
I hear you own Twilight now. If you need a Twiexpert to rewatch it with let me know. It's better after multiple viewings.
RT : It is not how much you do, but how much Love you put into the doing that matters-Mother Teresa
you just let me know whenever you want a visit from ol' Sergei. He'll be happy to make an appearance.
the 47th Ward's new ward superintendent starts this week. Welcome Erick Norton!
hey wtf is wrong with you didnt you see the movie? morons
Good seeing you tonight man. Next time I'm in NYC we should have a longer chat.
ik ik. M *birthday cake voice*
good, no hills. That's important when considering races! Lol
The on-field ceremony on Sunday honoring Ryan Braun's 2011 NL MVP is set to begin at 1:00pm. Get inside early to cheer our MVP!
Thanks for the
The dude abides RT: haven't heard it called a Caucasian since The Big
Writing a letter of recommendation at six am.
#1 Love Me Love Say That U Love Me Fool Me Fool Me Oh how U Do Me. (Whats These Lyr1cs From? ANSWER r1ght And 1 Ment1on U To Someone Fam ...
thanks for this mike
Ok, so far, I think I've narrowed down my favorite subjects to adults and landscapes.
“: Studio sessio goin up. FREESTYLE. WIT ”
This movie is about to piss me off! She better remember <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I KNEW IT
RT : RT : If you don't watch 4th and Forever, you should.
I had assumed the reason you went to school four hours away was to do your own thing.
Who wants lunch with and me?
Hoped to meet with you guys tonight for a sesh, but too busy tonight. Tomorrow?? Don't forget about PGP on Friday.
About to watch Brandy & Monica sing Live !!
#ilovemymombecause she inspires me to take on any task i need or want to.
You must have had a great day Get some pictures up
That awkward moment when u run thru a red traffic lyt n ur earz subconciously starts hearing the sound of sirenz.
and we--those who work with the kids in this school district--are left to pick up the right size pieces...coward.
RT : For those who are still seeking tickets for they are still being sold
Happy Birthday
it's so easy to do, then I forget how to drive and brake check everybody!
I'm bad at it..
Char O Chicken. #theydeliver. “: Grilled onions, fries well-done.”
Work your way to the top. Don't freeload your way there. It's shows what type of person you are.
Awesome B2B event last night with my friends , , , and Clifton Gunderson
let's go tarvaris! Oh wait...
Creative session over.
Easy to dream a dream, no it's harder to live it. GET IT!
*HandsYouAHatchet* Me too~!
I was just thinking this !!
~ Omg! Japan for $40! I would be on the first thing smokin' lol
Now that would just be pretty darn awesome
but it's Sunday : ( lol
Enjoyed meeting last night. Thanks for sharing your ideas and plans.
Others sang your life/ But now is a chance 2 shine/& have the pleasure of/ Saying what u mean/Have the pleasure of Meaning what u sing -
what happened to the "paperless office"? Its easier to draw stuff out sometimes. ;)
thanks for the follow
Why do you wear shirts
Whenever you become empowered, you will be tested.~ Caroline Myss
That may be the first time that anyone has called subdued LOL
I'd also love to talk abt culture of activism & stud. dev. Activism today feels kind of dwarfed by the '60s legacy.
Always a tough question. A little NNW. Love Hitchcock, though less a fan of Pyscho ~
Why is Jefferson still in the game??
#Yikes...next thing, you'll be saying "it's on like Donkey Kong".
i know my shit clapped
I failed my music class cause I told my teacher to fall off the stage & I hate opera !
hit em straight
that happens to me all the time... I would just like to catch up on my "to-read" stack and things keep getting added to it!
Happy Birthday ! XOXOXOXO!
thanks for the following and stopping in !
Something happens when we slow dance
"back to the blogs" and "out of fogs" exactly. loved your pinterest post. can't wait to look at all your boards.
we're already texting weirdo
Up and at'em ladies and gents! Monday morning, time to get it.
Yay!!!! Blaine and Kurt are ok! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i should do that "sleep" thing
oh I just meant that generally.
There are Many things that I would Like to say to you But I Don't know How.
That freaking Phanatic hat is EVERYWHERE! Note to adults: Don't do it! Cute on kids, you, not so much.
Oh my gosh were rivals!!!! haha (:
Be careful who you give your trust to."
lol yeah they gotta be small for me to eat them, con tapatio, sal, y lemon, their good lol and Mariscos soon!
no, hes gonna start being mainstream then, oh well..
women needs men thats the problem we walk around like we dont need one another but women cant live without men men the same way
well I think your the coolest
omg the story lol almost forgot am in it lol and my lil bf louis lol
Thanks! You too! Want to adopt an Easter Kitty? lol
Good conversation on flip curriculum...
you know what. this season looks boring.
Drinking "Rolling Rock"....a 6-pack of 16oz cans for $4.99 at Safeway! It's cold & good! Haven't had this in decades!
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it Kaffy
Looking forward to spending lunch outside in downtown chicago writing my book. It's a beautiful day!
It's #TripleTuesday again. Follow it for 3-word advice about the #jobsearch and
& well dig a deep hole ; to burry the castle. Haha
Roy: We took that game. We fought for that game. To say they gave us that game, i wouldn't go that far.
Visiting my Madrina at Christus Santa Rosa (lung infection). First hospital I've been to that doesn't make me anxious/queasy.
How do you get that free coaching?
YO my mom made homeade chili and cornbread from scratch ! it's only making it harder for me lol
That second afta u hit tweet, u realize u 4got a word. ex. 'what u bout that'
Big thanks to & for the RT on our most recent Aquarama interview!!
Good Night! Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better. -Andre Gide
Just got back to La LA land!
thanks, bro!
"Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret"
yeah sure, what do you want to tell to ?
And I'd say, "Daddy, I would love to dance!"
Can someone explain to me as to why I'm allowed on the internet????
Just downloaded the app. Will give it a spin soon!
What a great day with Lovin summer vacay!
I did. Good work man
He gotta DONKK
#SecretRoom tonight at w/ and more! "Its only a secret if you keep it"
check this out "It Aint Easy"
Girl, amen to that. That's how I feel.
Know the feeling! Currently waffling over 3 lists: modernist poetry, US novel 1865-1910, & editing modernism.
Troubling test score news this morning for #Florida. See my story in 2 minutes on NBC 6
": Mondays u come way to fast". That's what she said.
If one were to google to definition of "disaster" you would find my sleep schedule.
Can't wait to get back to DC tonight and catch up on all the HTJ drama. Work travel is sometimes very inconvenient.
FOLLOW ME JC CAYLEN!!(: I really want a follow(; so..yeah! I love you!!!!!!!!..(: you need to get on BlogTV tonight!! #followme!(:
I'm okay. How about you?
Rushers Live For The Rush
I eaat to much ):
If you don’t stay together through the bad, then you won’t be together for the good.
So for next season, when celebrities see "Andrew" pop up out of nowhere, they should know they're being punked... He's in every episode...
you gotta watch!
Thank you josie!!!!!
<3 how are you?! x
RT : The phrase 'illegal alien' may not be a racial slur but it is undeniably a cheap shot
Suzanne Goin and Nancy Silverton up for Outstanding chef James Beard Awards
Im_NBA_bbad u ugly
Wondering when I can start producing another movie?
What does a person burn their bridge with me and then expect to walk across it once more? I mean...really? Didn't think you'd need me again?
its already snowing were I live it hasn't even snowed?
lol thanks for not texting back . ._.
What a Game!! NY came to play!!
About a month of school left.
Can't believe I'm saying this. Go thunder.
They've had him long enough. ;)
Or in heels... RT : People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
baby u light up my world like nobody else <U+2764>
hey adam how are you?
I heard Birk is out, any news on that? If so, who is playing C?
RT : you are suddenly craving chicken wings. #PBRpitchers #VeganWings Flavor of the night is CHIPOTLE. Assemble your crew.
Hello #NewZealand! Warm welcome to the newest country to join #iOS family! Have fun!
Just deleted Instagram .. That lasted long lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
u should come see me
I HEARRDDD THAT. I finally feel... relieved. Why didn't we think of this solution sooner?
Enjoy all our happy hour drink specials 4-8pm at the Lackman! Drink well, drink OTR, drink Lackman!
Truly Tolerant Internationalism : Obama is the FIRST GAY, MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, KENYAN President of the U.S.
cynicism of an argument Unabomber believes in global warming,so it must be wrong("not all believers are murderers tho")
1 more day of high school...this crazy.
you already do:) just keep up on whatever you are doing
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*
I gotta find my moms something for mothers day...
aw.:( im from philippines,,im still downloading the video..:( is it tru alaric is insane?who's the killer?
i have Sat school tomrrow
Saw that last year at the WI Film Fest!
I love the new logo, social media, and new graphics. Everybody should follow them
and from BTR its count on you!
cocaine and whiskey are two of the top terms associated with at the moment.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia. ~ Charles Schulz
Christmas is here give the hunter, fisherman, or the outdoor adventurer the PowerHotSpot, a continuous energy source for all their needs!
Our location is locked, blocking is set..next on the list: kick ass and chew bubble gum..bubble gum, check, kicking ass..in progress
hahahaha You don't have to tell me lol!! I know.
"Fuck bitches, get money!" Beliebers will know!
Dang... someone just stopped by our cart the other day asking where they can find some Venezuelan food. Now I know what to say!
Did you have a fun new year celebration? I was at home with baby..I count down for him.. haha
to be accurate, the quote would be OF COURSE
all you need is fear
Pork chops, eggs, & potatoes....
Luke Bryan And Jason Aldean are coming to Houston together? ! ? ! Ihave to go to that, those are my 2favorite countries singers! ! <U+E106><U+E328>
I haven't been asked my name for the book! Any idea why? Is it due out soon?
“: Notre dame is pulling the upset!” <- Yep, I agree!
OK, so Gnome 3 was a fail, too. Reverting back to Gnome 2 and exploring other options. Ugh.
Across the country our courts are under-funded. This is a dangerous situation for our democracy. Check out the ABA website for more.
Obama: I campaigned for change we could believe in... But it's hard being President!
Rockin it out at with finishing up song number 3!!!
Got a new piano.
Wow 1201. The one day I can go to the pool and you lock the gates
So sorry to hear that cancelled its annual conf in July. We were looking fwd to exhibiting.
Last to get the memo that airlines charge for bag check. $15 on Virgin. I swear I read it. But still outraged when it happens.
Dau Tu (Investment) newspaper cited Link World Unlimited Events LLC as saying ... Real estate developer Hoang Anh Gia Lai (HAG) and f...
Worried Jews are paying for Jewish dating subscriptions for their grandchildren. SuperTova.Com is 100% Free Always.
Boston Loves what you do!! Keep up the good work!! Follow us back?
This is crazy 6 am to run 13 miles! I'm easily convinced! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
MT Happy 39th Birthday Willis Tower! The antennae will be lit blue tonight in honor of the building's & the city's birthdays.
LOL...it was her shower!!! :) I know...I need to get there more often!
is by far my celebrity crush.
just did! No email...
Buy tobacco.
Ladies Tank Top is the Hottest Selling Item So Far, Thank you everyone for the support. Ladies Tank Tops Available @ www.SnoClothing.com
Become a museum member! Upgrade to Patron member and receive free admission to over 150 museums nationwide.
Styx is the greatestAmerican rock bandThe only reason they got a bad wrap is because most critics are cynical aholes
was just thinking the same thing. Hate heat-of-the-moment reactions, esp scapegoating, but it's hard not to.
It's been a decade since toddler Jahi Turner went missing from a local park. I'll have details in an NBC 7 Investigation 6pm
does it smell like despair in there? Do they have trash covered chinos? Don't even think about using the bathroon
It baffles me when working professionals still snitches and gossip
We are looking forward to serving all pizza lovers. Today is a friends and family event and not an official opening.
is a middleclass bag lady tromping around the public in the rain.
Bass Cellar Happening tonight! Dubstep, Killer Drink Specials and $125 bottle service....any bottle!
If any one wants to make a bit of cash to day call me must like near the south side of Chicago must be bilingual in Spanish or Cantonese
have a good day and remember you are somebody
I just did something that caused a woman walking by to comment to her husband "That's disgusting." I'm on my game today.
EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW! A DIRECTIONER!<3
Thanks for following! We just checked out your website and LOVE your chic Eco-friendly styles!
saw it. Great.
Lebron WTH? Like its just cool to step up and miss 2 FTs. You aint Paul George!
who you like in the men's final tmrw? #Federer will shock the tennis world!!!
yeah, just saw the story on ESPN...makes me think Nolan Ryan is even more awesome than before! Safe travels, C
Thank god I have a stoge. I needed this.
I love you're somebody to love video :) ill be ur somebody <3
lmao when I saw it, it reminded me of you ! Cause you were the first one to tell me what ratchet meant &im like wth?lol d:
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna jerk me
Been gone for a while.. Check out the new stuff @ www.youtube.com/WatchDwight
You wanna know the best thing about having a mirror on your cieling? You can do your makeup on your bed.
#10FactsAboutMe I absolutely LOVE to cuddle
“: Come down to in an hour. There will be rock and roll there. It will feel good.”
LOL! love you too Brandon. what's up? how ya been?
Allergies: so worth putting up with when you can actually hear the rain on the rooftop.
Hated GMen last year at #ICCAMidwest for their overly gimmicky performance...hope its better this year...
Gabby Giffords aide Ron Barber to run in special election, would serve as interim replacement www.cbs5az.com
Elements of happiness: meaning, connectedness, & being a part of something bigger. How can we apply this to the aging community?
I hope this fight last longer than the last one. The longer the fight, the more entertaining. PEACE
Thank you so much!
mhm then is june 5th ;P
Yes... I would be honored to marry you baby!
The Vampire Diaries on TV but it sucks because its the season 1 and i've seen it, now i await the episode 12 of the season 2 !!!!!
OMG I can't believe Leah cheated on Corey a week before their wedding!! That's SO fucked up!! #teenmom2 think abt the kids!! Geez
i need to know that the person ACTUALLY wants me to talk to them....i need to know that someone wants me around...
Like my new avatar? <3
But the day isn't over yet! Still have Warrior and two Boot Camp workouts here at #prideconditioning! Where you at? Should be here!
Made the switch!!
I had Cheetos today too! They took my old chair away so now I am starting a new mess.
even this huge Brewer fan thinks Matt Kemp is the best player in baseball.
Come get $2.50 Stella $6.00 Jameson drinks! You may not find true love, but you can rent it one song at a time tonight at Little Darlings!
I'm bringing Pioneer.
Due to the request of who unsuccessfully mentioned me the other day, I'll let y'all know I changed the twitter name
Need something uplifting from Youtube: Any ideas?
you got it madam
Today feels like a Friday:o
Nick may not be on the roster today.but, Will always be a Packer, + has friends on team.I'm sure. Not a hater
MT : A great suggestion to speak w/ of about an interactive art map in Baltimore. Thanks
Have a Cheeky Xmas !!! from Rob & Rich aka 2 Damn Cheeky !
RT Maybe it's a bit odd, but, I'm extremely stoked about #MCN2012 and it's still not happening for...how many months? :)
your default pic is making me laugh so hard!
Just skated this random skate park in hazel del. It's on a slope tho, on some high speed go all out status.
Dance is the song of the body.
im so broke dawgg
Three more days 'till opening! The excitement is building up!!
Sure. Please tell me more!
Dropping the "Public" is ludicris. I suggest we drop the superfluous "Digital" in lieu of something less self-evident.
OMG YOUR TICKETS ARE SOLD OUT :) AMAZING<3
don't get cussed out.
Of course. Thanks for the well wishes and right back at you. Hope the week is off to a great start! :)
How many times I gotta say it I have to give a fuck about u to make me mad, sad, etc. At this point that applies to only 1 person. My mama
Yes, leaves a great deal to the imagination. (You don't sport a van dyke by any chance, do you?)
we can do it:)!
"Someone just called and said, 'f*** you' to me. That was nice. Happy birthday." ~ Heaven has special place 4 call screeners.
Agreed. RT : ridiculous that news orgs must pay for data generated by public funded activities, says Lance Williams
Thanks! RT great great session on games. Thanks.
She just wanted to know what it felt like to be the man, the myth, the legend hahaha
ok well I just screened my most recent film two wks ago & was working in that for nine months
Yay! My new baby cousin is here!! Welcome to the world baby Daniel Oakley!!
John Brennan, at : "...it is an unfortunate fact that to save many innocent lives we are sometimes obliged to take lives."
I hate when I bang my toe...especially my pinky toe
Hunch. Holmgren is very impulsive like that
Wow. Hard to believe it's been 30 years. Of course, the last time I saw Levin live was 12 years ago (?) with CGT. :-/
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stayInvention, Natures child, fled step-dame Studys blows...Biting my truant pe
great how was yours!?
Feels so good to sleep in my own bed tonight
ha! Yeah I eat there a lot it's inexpensive and fast. That plus it's relaxing for some reason.
"A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery." - Stephen Dedalus in James Joyce's Ulysses
Who knew building a 3-D pirate ship with my nephew would be so fun!--intuiting from sparse directions
Beat the heat with the boys of “Party Pilipinas” this Sunday!
I feel like i talk to myself when i tweet...
Thank you for following Art Of Toys! Looking for artists that create their art in the form of toys or use toys in their art! Pass the word!
drink some warm milk? count some sheep? lol
i loved that nsync was incorporated into the show because they're my fave boyband. you guys are #2, hope you understand? <3
Now there sits a man with an open mind. You can feel the draft from here. ~ Groucho Marx about Chico Marx
Hm, #NASCAR and #fox ratings stunt. Because Armageddon sells.
thank you for keeping over 25lbs of paper out of the landfills in just 2wks
It's #askarchivist day on Twitter! Have a question about the #UMBC archives? Our own will answer!
I wore jeans yesterday and today at my conf! Just shows how relaxed and confident we are!
semantics! So when the LIRR East Side Project opens Grand Central to LI, it will become a station again?
Really don't like the hat half on half off look, everyone try's to do it even when it's hot outside.
wearing antler-wings made of bones in my hair, not had to spot ;)
Finally upgraded to the iPhone 4. The camera is way better.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. Shakespeare
Just emailed you the details
Just heard Tim #Tebow joined Brad Paisley on stage at for a duet & the crowd went wild! So happy for all of you there!
I deleted most of my tweets cuz I tlk about 1D all the time ;)
Digital native does not mean digitally literate.
thanks for the kind words on the charts. Let me know if the 'powers' say yes.:)
Matthew 26:41 Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the body is weak.
the one you use your right hand on right? lmao
they are filling a gaping hole left by the demise of newspapers, and they are doing it with unemployed newspaper folks. UGH.
- Email me, don't have your # anymore. I also need to find out how you know ... a.mangrum[at]firstproinc[dot]com
And thus begins the least productive workday ever (that didn't involve a hangover)
Arcade Fire, The Suburbs
Making adjustments is just part of the game. Can't fix it if you don't know how it's broken!
Last night in the city with my Chenyaa !
doin good! how bout u bruh?
its like this is our team ik thats weird to say but it is!! for years. i don't like other people getting the satisfaction of it
": 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man."
as a former employee, I greatly appreciate what you're doing and what you have done to Cleveland. Simply genius.
I love my juggalettes
I am almost done with midterms this week. I have one more test, 6 replies, and 2 blog posts to finish and then it's spring break time.
4th Quarter Pride Denver.
Day 6 of Reader Appreciation Week! Enter to win free prizes today! Time is running out - www.artcalendar.com/readerappreciation
“: The guys I meet at parties are just like Solo Cups I drink out of...disposable.” was thinking more of 'popular'
It's not the number of words you use to express yourself, but the quality of the words and the passion guiding them.
My husband's office is just downstairs from mine and he sent me an email with an attachment to read...
Is the ! after his name implied, or do you have to write it? Froomkin! or Froomkin
Just a be man about it- Toni Braxton Love this song
I (as M brushes her teeth and sings simultaneously): "That is Sexual!"
I like New Orleans so far. And it's not even 8 o'clock.
< Thanks for the RT!
Yup, just did a turn at 45 mph and a donut in a Honda fit
I was schedled to fly from Louisiana back to Vegas 10 years ago today, spent the week in Marksville, La great people, God Bless America!!!!!
registered 4 the Texas River Marathon + Texas Water Safari today // shit is totally real now. what the fuck am i thinking??!!!
been going hard in the studio
your idea wins.
Do you know your Klout Score. How much influence do you have in Social Media? W.klout.com
Bout to watch 7pounds with the loved ones
lol your so nasty your a freak. But your my freak!! Wuv ya! <3
Just automated my investing. It's not a lot, but it's a start. What are YOU doing to invest in your future?
Thanks for the follow! ,,,,, and
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Follow Shadow Left on soundcloud and we will follow you back! soundcloud.com/shadowleft
TGIF! Grab some doughnuts on the way home from work today and enjoy them all weekend long!
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! — GARY W. GOLDSTEIN
Monica just sang the s&%* out of the National Anthem @ the final four
Headphones in, eyes closed, and not a care in the world.
Life has meaning only in case one barters it every day for something apart from itself.
ALL I KNOW IS THAT G SHARP WILL BE A MAJOR NAME IN THE BIZ BY THE END OF 2012!!
Lara Fabian - Before we say goodbye: via
no problem (:
5 hrs to kill at then red-eye to DC via Toronto. Can someone please invent teleportation already?
Separating myself from that drama...
I believe it. U know how many jobs I've quit? Lol. Idc what anyone thinks anymore, at the end of the day, its MY life!
Sometimes my friends and I get together just to stare at our phones together.
Co-founder of Nia Technique, , is talking RIGHT NOW on Inspiring Women Summit
I just noticed was going in on my lakers last night. I think Imma fuck up all his vocals from now on. its only far lol...2nd2none
Will be xmas shopping on State St. tonight. And grabbing something really tasty to eat. How 'bout you?
I love this city!! Headed out for a well deserved night on the town. Looking and feeling great. Oak, Avenue, IDK!!!
happy friday! Whats your aim for the weekend?
hey bro sup?
gawker posted a story about uggs and toe fungus. Lol
RIP Don Cornelius
think you got hacked. Getting DMs from your account :-(
Get off yr high horse.
GAH!!!! You look like the guy that you think is Waldo and feel so proud about finding until your dumbo friend says, "You fail."
ah, cool! Yes, the Lehman tour was great and the time in UK very nice indeed
you crafty bastard "I'm near wifi at home and work" don't you work from home? ;)
Room for three more Chili Cook Off teams this Saturday. Starts at noon. Then ND and Alabama football! Big day lots of fun!
isn't it pretty?! Happy summer...
We scored
Raise your hand if you are stressed. If you look at me you will see a crazy lady waving her arms in the air like she is at a concert.. :(
Thank you! Texters, unite!
County, Sectionals, Regionals, State
Just guessing: over/under on tonight's #NFL on ESPN rating - 7.5. May take the over, especially for first 30 minutes.
change is good! http//www.claudinemusic.com
Finished with a solid 20 points!
RT : "Let experience be your teacher, let challenges be the test of life."
Mtn Jam Teases
overrated!!! Let's go Rangers!!!!!
#foss4gna looking for a project to sprint with today: handy with python/django, ok with javascript, willing to work on docs + websites too
is considering a leap out of her comfort zone...
waking up with one eyelash on and the other stuck to your cheek
Watching remember the titans
hope you can chime in at 11 am CST and not miss #SommChat this week:)
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change.
#PROMOTIONTIME GO LIKE MY FAN PAGE Honey Rosee NOT THIS STATUS!!!
Sign up today! 2 more registrations, only 15 spots left for one of Milwaukee's best parties.
im gonna get pitch forks and fire if they cancel BTR after the 3rd season!!
My last tweet was provided by
haha ya. We just finished the episode on Leo Divinci recently. That's some WILD stuff.
Gurl said I asked u a question its a custom in America to answer the question
Had my first "Are you RJ from RJ And The Assignment???" **sweet**
i know
Hey, your ass follows me. Fyi. :}
I BE GOING
very tempted to write a long spanish language reply about dios y luz...but i just want natural spectrum bulbs?
get him outta there
Jeezy need to come out with a new mix-tape pronto
[delete] Digital Drama!
i miss u both!!
#Top100Lies "I'm a bad bitch"... no, no you are not.
Facts: Prevention is the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace
are you going?
LEt's see if Time's "Man of the Year" will give all of his money back like Bill Gates and Warren Buffett did. let's see if he is real man
Me and Matt have the whole weekend off together<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> and we have so much planned! I'm excited!
The Bellmen play March 15 at Chaindrive for
If only you truly knew..
TFER looking for a pop!
Come see us at #4041! Fellow Texans and should be there.
ROYALS WIN! TAKE THAT BOSTON!
Is that what they mean by faux nude pics! Hahaha!
You NEED to go to the bathroom. Stankin ass.
I know a girl in an eyepatch isn't something you see everyday, but I'm way to shy to get stared at this much in the Starbucks line.
i lost 12 followers in one week. -_-
Darn I missed the speedo run! <U+E403><U+E402>
Started working on my little project. ID past, present and future. Did you know that the principles have been around for over 80 yrs?
Just got up, had my first cup of coffee, getting ready for breakfast, and starting to move it hurts getting old.
well slap a pig and call me Carl, look who found me.
tweeting a lot tonight. Do u follow?
S/O to hes is wreckless af and does anything and everything. always making me laugh. Hes cool af
Dance shirt, Hair tied, Chillin' with mascara on. That's when I look the most unattractive, you can tell me. I wont take it wrong.
Had a Blast 2nite #COMEDY. BIg Ups to , Doug Roth and Chris Z!
Tweets aren't as good on Saturday nights. Supply and demand I guess!
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!! MusicalStop.com!!
#WeWonttWork if you got too many friends that are girls and your claiming they're your "sisters"...nigga please, WASN'T born yesterday
Switch accessibility isn't in version 1.8. Contact for more details about its availability.
Happy Saturday!! Make it a productive one!
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. Mary Kay Ash
Hey there ;-) have not found a perch yet..am still searching...only 2.5 weeks left to find a spot..am very nervous..worried
I've came to the conclusion that my house eats half my clothes and any other stuff I need for the day
If you lead a #brand and want to promote it through #social networks, first make sure you have a #vision and live it.
Happy Monday, Lori! hugs!
I'm not a snitch, but I can already tell she's a bitch.
It sounds better in person, maybe because all of the practice? Looks like you'll be getting some more in this Sunday...
Syracuse zone!!!smh...Saw kids play their hearts out 2day in tourn!
Thank u for keeping up w/ and posting ur blog! He is all over the place...busy guy. Keep it up! :-)
how long does 3 sisters run?
FOLLOW BACK HUN:)
Heavy Grey Clouds, are you going to do anything, or what? (Please, please, please do something.)
. #Sherlock airs on at 9pm tonight in the Portland/Vancouver area! Hooray!!!
RT Help your articles go viral with plain-text formatting! Complex formatting/coding tends to get mixed up when reproduced.
Hey! How's it going? United UndergroundSA is a San Antonio based producing company! I'd like to invite you to follow our page1
Level up.
Very cool! Thanks!
Lmfao a year ago I was one of those ppl to say I'm not sharing personal information online. (so I never did)
Goodnight tweeters , have some personal issues to address with my little sis Cayley. (: shes so amazing in everyway . i love her <3
Dave Did U know my sister :] ?
Absolutely heartbroken
Carolyn is one of several preteens sharing the Alice in Wonderland role, in early June. (When I find out what date is hers, I'll tell.)
who could hate you?
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't ONLY want to get in my pants
To the group of teenagers hanging out in the park after dark and...playing trumpet, I salute you!
just returned from wonderful relaxing weekend at Marine on St Croix. It's been so long since I relaxed.
Serves 36-40 people: The Charles Woodson Veggie Tray w/ Dip, Only $21--call today to ensure it's ready for the big game!!!
So i do have to be drunk to enjoy Twitter? Of course, next day deleting can be quite a task.
bo... no more chloe for you :(
Jeremy Lin is KILLING it!
haha oh wow.. I thought you guys were gonna be me and my girls inspiration lol..btw what's up wit the car
move here! bring with you though :P
I hate when people say u think he would really do that for you?... Nd if so your stupid :(
yay okay sounds groovy
Jealous! I really want to see it.
Luckily, J has been so busy this weekend w his Grand, all have helped:) We typically don't have any help so yay!
You Are My Sunshine
THIS >> RT : Never assume you have exceeded your customer's expectations unless told otherwise.
Teachers aren't salaried? How dumb are you?
"A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it." - Jerry Seinfeld "quotes
thanks! You're the best!
Does your wife need a face lift?...........On your home? we paint with surgical precision
We can<U+FFFD>t survive on love alone, it<U+FFFD>s the same for our #dogs too
25 more days until our fundraising kickoff event! We're still looking for volunteers, email us: If interested!
imm not sure, but he said he was for a surprise... when he is ill send you the link(:
really wow just sayin
I can provide invites to a few sites to see how it can be used for different setups. (Also can add blog or live database to it)
Well deserved gatorade bath for Romeo
thanks for checking us out
Haha. The cost of generic food is rising.
Next stop: NY Penn Station.
What if the tooth fairy is real...and its charlie sheen?
wish I thought up that scheme. 50¢ to crush your own money. Pure genius.
I love my bike!
Everybody can't go on the journey with you.
Ahh but really! #beatchurchwednesday RT : Need a dinner sesh with and pronto
Woah! Thanks for the heads up!
so so stressed out.
Public school advocates and ed tech entrepeneurs both accuse the other of being only interested in money
We stream all our TV through our XBox & can't imagine going back to regular TV & we're not the only ones!
Mayor Michael Nutter ought to be removed from office this instant!!! How dare he make fun of our respectful black youth. He is a disgrace!!!
: coolest startup at #launch IMO is Scoot: Zipcar for vespas, activated by docking your smartphone -- awesome!
VOTE YES.
Thanks for being a loyal fan of our tea! :)
I think we got it!
About to head to Cape Cod to play a worship set :)
Graduations make me so emotional. Even when they're not my own. Congrats to my brother from another mother today.
It will be exactly 24 hours long
Morning, tweeties! Live for everything and settle for Nothing.
The pleasures of life are in the simplicities it offers.
hey hugh, doing a fund raiser for a kids AIDS camp. Would you donate something for the silent auction?
Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals. Giada
I need your e-mail address to communicate about some art work for Nevermet Press. Please message me!
yes, of course!
I've been married for seven years.
RIP Gary Carter
Diller Room. Seattle, baby. Red eye back to ord later.
That's unhelpful.
yep, 2nd try. Obviously, no way I could create that error on my own. It was probably going to be the $1,000 winner too!
Is William Johnson on Twitter?
Watching some movie on cartoon network #IDEFK know what it is.
whoa u seem angry tonight friend everything ok?
Cyndi Lauper's new hit, "Girls Just Wanna Drop F Bombs"... anyone? Too soon?
The weeknd or frank ocean?
Hannity, who went after Cane with allegations, Perry? To early for dems involvement unless Obama wants to run against Romney.
folding my clothes finna take a nice long hot bath, I had enuff for today
Music is a universal language !!!
what if it's Littlefinger? You would totally love him.
i tlked to dymez. i think we waitin a lil bit so we can plan it out a little better.
chi city
thank you! And I know tell me about it -__-
“ “ I don't need to see God to know that He exists.””
Thought I was helping out a sheep come to find out it was a wolf, and the worst part is it bit me and it hurts!!!
Walkng around a cemetery was kind of odd for all of us.
that looks good
What a beautiful day! Phila Science Festival is packed with fun activities through the 29th. 7 PM Trocodero film tickets to first reply.
Okay so the people and friends are fun but the bowling is lame
You gonna stuff that chicken?
I was going to tweet about how my English paper is due tonight, and I'm not even close to done, but then I realized that it's my fault.
Having half a box of junior mints fall out in your purse is every girls nightmare. Chocolate goo on everything
what did I say? Lol
Visit on Monday for a delicious Indian pop up dining experience. (tweet correction) MY Mondays are booked thru March
Please follow our blog! If you are into Hip Hop and R&B then this is for you! Polynesian Hip Hop and R&B will be posted from our site.
Thank you!
I need to direct my cranky/ragey. Off to do a little flasher thing. I'll post it in a half hour.
maybe i will finally take time and set up and be active on this....maybe
RT : The undergraduate film festival is tonight in from 8-10 PM! Don't miss Your Take, #BU!
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real #potential. #Peace Pilgrim
Ha ah fuck you.
UM's Hunter Lochmann tells 1290WLBY: "I've never seen this before but I can assure you it's not a mascot & we have no plans to go there."
Dontari Poe has the wig of the 2012
Look, I get it. Comics are for boys, so all the toys for Avengers are Hulk, Iron Man, Thor and Cap. Is it too much to ask for Black Widow?
Giving blood at UC blood drive.
My neighbors play their music really loud...
I wanna see someone I know on cops
Rokkincat's des thinks about bowling 24/7. Thoughts? Bowling league?
Nothing like the sound of ocean waves...
haha so many people would be screwed
Tony Parker has 23 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 88-75 with 8:44 left in the game.
More now, less later
I could see that.
Rob Michaels Live on iBand.me!
Textn him until my eyes close. . .
Trying to remember my childhood. Trying to remember last nights blackout.
ha! I get that at the college too!
#nw sponge bob
Thanks for sharing that man. I want to get Courtney and Joe Pat next week to call in. Talk about district play.
Phone on the fritz from repetitive dropping. Been an #iPhone user from day 1 but that #Samsung Galaxy Note is looking intriguing. Thoughts?
Gotta A Test In Algebra 2 Tomorrow . Blah
I rather be weird AF than boring as hell
what time do arrive? 9:45 am here.
I be hitting everyone's blunt swear !
Just after 1pm on the Eastern Shore. You know what I was just thinking? It's time for one of you to pick up a conference pass for
For Da Ladies Only
You are the vine and we are the branches, nourish and grow us in you. ~RT
Just picked up our cookies too.Don't understand why they sell during the cold months.How do u go door to door in the snow?!
Merry Christmas. Turns out these Spiderman underoos I asked for are a little small. But I'm wearing them anyway.
well u have to eat a bit more to fuel your body through work outs.
This morning's dream: I woke up, drank some coffee and was making breakfast...then suddenly woke up to find I had to start over.
that's the motivation I needed thanks! Lol
What are you doing
Have a great night!!
I am fantastic as always. Thanks for asking. :) How is the comedy treating you these days? PM or text me.
We shouldd.! I'm going to the mall with Emily friday if you wanna come.
Ernie Halter song of the day is "Love In LA". Blasted it early this morning in the car. #oops!
Would like to spend some time w/my laptop (having w/drawal) but instead going to network for lunch
Coming soon! www.rayyounkins.net
you have a lovely toilet
I do not want to go to school today.
I would never even think about cheering for another team! We'll get them next time!
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was. Toni Morrison
Nina Totenberg presents Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Res Play to Mitchell Hebert, AFTER THE FALL
why aren't you in Vegas?!?!?
Follow and get more people who will follow you imidate
Half an hour! Wonder what's gonna happen tonight. Cut myself off from internet to keep me from seeing spoilers.
#ICantStandPeople who think they know my story and try to control me.
That tweet hurts so bad.
Thanks for visiting, ! What flavor did you get?
“: just watched a youtube vid of you your good :-)”Thanks
Happy moms day to all the great moms out there #dearmomma #asongformomma all day
hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season! Now, please don't ask why
One more day all on my own. One more day with him not caring. What a life I might have known. But he never saw me there.
Lol. I follow too many people...But I love them all..<3. So ... OH WELL!
Set it on fire. Watch it burn. Make tea from the ashes.
Gruden: "They've made it clear they want to win the Super Bowl" ... Really Jon? Cuz other teams aren't interested in winning the SB
RT Great fusion lunch with compliments of
thanks for adding us to your #FF tweet
I hit u n ya manager up kill dont be anti know me lol
Back in PA for a short bit. Now I'm sitting next to a Pirates fan. Poor guy.
no I can't wait for it! Do u remember the muppet xmas with sesame st?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we?d be willing to do that much for them.
heat vs magic pretty good game LBJ + Wade killer yo
I will bring you soup! Where will you be around 3:30?
When you're suppose to be doing homework, but you decide to watch all of 's keeks instead!
Awh i want to go home and get in bed but work till 7
ouch! That's happened to me before. At least you will get a good tan from it unless you're like me and don't tan at all.
Were really still laying in bed its 6
no it wouldn't -.-
more cheer practice tomorrow. NIGHT.
DaRealRosaParks na haven't heard from him in a week think were goin to beer garden and granny's though
Sonic with my Mom and sister. Let's see if I can eat some ched 'r' bites..
Please allow me to introduce myself
Loyalists only lol RT : Who would want to watch the Pirates? lol RT : So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
dont let hate and sadness bring you it to a crash just try you best to pass that bump in the road
Is duct tape really an office supply?
I've also only ever had one dude bring me flowers. WTF?
ive become to think that me and are a match made in heaven #goal!!!!!!! (:
jenna! Yay tomorrow?
I always slack off my wardrobe at the end of the year.
I don't remember what I said
AYE I FUCKS WIT TWITTER YALL AN I FUCKS WIT YALL SO YAL GOTTA FUCK WIT THE...............FOLLOW BUTTON
RT : "I have some #fsharp stuff to blog soon." <- He sure does. #NashFP superstar!
So you holdin onto the cheese pretty good...I don't want stuff to get too cheesy out there on the field
... I think nothing is dead, not elvis nor poetry nor fame nor love. love.
if you don't have nothing nice to say then i dare you to say it. Stanky loose booty hoe.
I don't normally talk about food, but I'm at the crepe place on Queen - and the garlic aoli is so good - and Veggie!!
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Hate when that happens! Can't wait for the weekend! Any exciting plans?
#HumboltSchool Parents & Students hoping #PPS Board decide NOT to close school
: Many thanks also and have a great day!
busy day.
love you, can you follow me, pretty pleasee
sorry Rolonda the iPad misspelled your name.
I'm just chillin, man. You never mind me.
NUTCRACKER MUSIC ALL THE TIME.
Why is it not friday yet?
It's still hard, you know? Having to accept never being able to hold you again.
From the desk of ORBUSMAX » WA GOP Raises Questions About Lt ...
Looking forward to our GRAND OPENING tomorrow night at 9:00, join us ?
Congratulations to Gabe Rivera of Jefferson HS (TX) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Thanks for the 125th like, Jo-Anne Peck!
this is an all too familiar feeling
Congrats to Natalie Portman for her role in Black Swan!
nothing makes me want to stab someone in the eye more than a fucking Kit Kat commercial.
Trivia Question for the day? God had three parts to his law system, what were they?
Nm now goin to eat sushi yea :)
I'm not afraid to speak my mind.
hi guys would you buy a hand painted t-shirt that was themed as ALLISON? and if you would how much would you buy for it? :)
“: I like almost as much as the internet” is it because its a good place to steal jokes for NBC sitcoms??
The county judge & I like to put on one of my bras in our heads and pretend were the Wrigley twins wearing matching Bonnets.
Yes. They also get a key for The Playboy Club.
RT : What similarities do they share? ---Movements eerily similar but also: control, dribbling, precise shots, wicked set pieces
in Finland? Got to be in Finland. Someday I will!
I understand how it looks, but Jon Jones isn't the first fighter the #UFC has sponsored. However, I disagree with the practice in general.
Back in St. Louis 2nd time in 3 years to visit Budweiser. Last time had my first Shock Top, wonder what this trip will bring
haha good one
yankeeincanada: LOVING my nylon bag from annualreviews.org - comes in handy as Toronto recently forced a $.05 fee for every plastic bag ...
Now watching Mission Impossible Ghost Protocal....will see
China's pole-dancing granny - Globe and Mail
oh really? Well at least u get out early:] I get out on June 22! Then vaca, then highschool:/ not excited! Were gonna be(c)
They say there is no way to fund the bill
In the end its all about the data, cpu and networking is being commoditized, application data appetite is increasing, ...
Loving this weather<3
How long would he last outside England? less than 6 months. RT Rooney:
Pity the man who inherits a million. Praise the man or woman who makes their million!
CAN I HAVE U TEE HEE HEE
Got to meet a few awesome people today
There has really got to be a better term out there than "information literacy" when talking w/ faculty & admin.
A wise woman kisses but doesn't love &'d leaves before she is left.
Do you ever look up your family/relatives on FB and read what their status updates have been over the past few days/weeks/months? Hilarious!
AT the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these? :)" Me: "No, I'm stealing them. I just wanted to show you first."
Need Youtube Views hit up 25000 for $50
Curious to know how many Decemberists fans out there are also into/know who Al Stewart is.
ok see you there do i need to registar or will I be good for 1 game?
now we have to start reading your tweets in reverse!?!
I'm not much of a carpenter, but I have plenty of wood, and I feel like building something.
Thanks everyone for all the warm birthday wishes. Rather near or far, if you know me you know I don't take friendship for granted.
Thanks again :D !!!
ugh yes.
RT #compassion #animals #vegan #food "Animals are my friends ... and I don't eat my friends". George Bernard Shaw
When your Mom asks you who you're texting constantly. Umm..I'm texting the same person I was still texting a few minutes ago. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> -.- <<<<<<
Right. There are "imperfect" works of greater scope--Ulysses, Gravity's Rainbow; Apocalypse Now--that could be "better".
Attempting to figure out if this "Global Travel Shield" is just a rip-off or not?!
much longer than forever!
Cocaine and a Pitbull
ZHS Mother&#39;s Club to meet May 9
That annoying moment when you're trying to look at advertisements, but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
WOW Mary, thank! Insighful. My kid can't imitate on command, has vowel errors and inconsistent errors but no groping. Hm.
This weather almost makes us want to leave the studio.
Portico Learning Solutions wishes you the happiest New Year!
Shout out to our newest follower and former PiAthlon chair !
Phew that was a close one. But still managed to win both softball games against Cats Meow and Xtreme. 10-0! This season.
MT : "Jesus died for you, the least you could do is grow some balls and talk to the guy" sometimes I love the things I overhear
you won't role up the windows and blast the heat like old times.
She really gone.I'm Finna get hella drunk fuck it
lol fuck the science portion of the ACT
I'll be in America long before then!": I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!
It's one thing to collect data...it's another to be able to use it to predict behavior...Baer
Follow me on my new account itz
you know me too well. I am never grumpy post-donut.
yes I'm
Thanks! needed it for my phone to catch up on some reading : )
Tomorrow: 11-1 pm Her Campus Vanderbilt will be on Rand Wall with Join us as we pass out yummy baked goods!!!
...random pics of mindlessness?
what do I get for guessing the amount of pitches Braun would see in his first at bat?
I hate giving presentations.
Love the website! Thanks for the follow back.
If u wearing BABYPHAT jeans wit da matching shirt and tennisshoes wit a wrap around purse to da club. U str8 ghetto so plz
Did the #P90X legs and back workout and capped it off with #AbRipperX. Week 9.
just doesn't 2 hrs carrying EVERYTHING up from our basement
I got slobber all over my hands on the way to car riders cuz of you licking my biNder.
thanks - it's one of my few creative outlets. He doesn't mind it so much either, as u might be able to tell
Well played.
If any of u know tell him to call me ASAP. Thanks.
thank you so much Julia! Let me and know the next time you're in town!!!! XO
My mom's friend in New England has one of those. It makes the kitchen so hot they can't cook all summer.
Big for tonight. If they lose I think most people are going to be on the "hope they lose for a draft pick" wagon.
reading paper out loud to myself. still can't look at "Natchitoches" and pronounce it "Nack-uh-desh."
make me proud ;-) RT RT I'm the new age "Ferris Bueller's" ..Really Bad ass! xoxo
just blowing up yer fb phone and Twitter
This Saturday, Amy's birthday musical celebration at The Park House, N. Side. Free entry, all welcome. 9pm
Can we get a picture of you from behind? Perve moment. Forgive me.
I think you have an addiction!
Tree squirrels do not hibernate during the winter months, but they keep all activities to a minimum to conserve energy.
so why did she get one, because everyone else had a blog
Congrats for finishing Law School! .. Just need to dominate the Bar!
Definitely an enhancement we will consider. Thanks for the input. As with anything online, it's a WIP to make things better
Beckett is in a league of his own. Between the pitching and his antics off the field and then the post game comments...
Get prices and info on All #Used Cars For #Sale In #Portland. Also Find #Carquote, #CarAdvice,
welcome to twitter. I am so happy my lil sis has found real love.
Convrats on your good news! Sweet dreams :)
EBEN. EBEN. EBEN. OMG I'M GONNA BE AT TEEN HOOT. HERE I COME!!!!<3
How do you nurture your own professional learning besides what you or your school provides?
Young enough to know i can, old enough to know i shouldnt, stupid enough to do it anyway.
oh let me know wen u get home ..
i need to get drunk
Toughen up tinker bell.
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine...
Made a anti-meth poster in my drug class & I won a prize. :D
Can you watch the game from Boston?
triple with marinara, delivered.
Debating on getting before work..... Hahaha who am I kidding we all know I can't resist :P
Hey guys voting starts may 29th for your favorite ptw artist. If we win we get to record a track with Carlos Santanna!!
Check out MiniSolos exhibition in its final weeks!
Wine dinner is tonight.. Photos to come.. Hope you were one of the ones to reserve a seat!
I Love Sunshine.
Went prom dress shopping with my date today! Found an awesome dress!!
Friday nite it's the Winter Rock Challenge finals with Highway4, InDecision, Wine & Spirit and The Hawkeyes 9p $5 at door 21+
We gotta get it in in a SHOW TOGETHER ROCKING the JOINT HARD.
i would like more info on how we can work together to fundraise towards my Church building fund
Mine too! RT Pollen is my kryptonite.
Just giddy. Actually, I lose: Tomorrow expecting a long stay at the license bureau. Happy wknd and Happy Easter, if you do that!.
haha. my bros about to kick me off the computer.
I'll bring the link balloons, you bring the kiddos!
If Pink City is in your Kitty I wouldn't mind moving in and living there !!
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic Show | DEAL: $7 for a bottle of Fat Tire and a shot of Jameson |
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
If you didn't clean the snow/ice block off the roof of your car, you're a jerk.
Google Translate is pretty darn helpful!
we are going to try. I'd love for Janet to meet you guys.
"Romney At Pizza Mogul's Mansion: 'Everyone Should Live Like This'" #huffpost 40 acres for every American, and a pizza in the pot!
Well it sounded like a big spill on the scanner. Guess the tank on the tractor was leaking pretty good.
Hello Muthafuckas .. Hey .. Hi .. How Ya Durin' !!.
Curtis' wedding! Maybe sooner?
won im so happy im crying much love man
We are done for the day! 3 songs mixed. 7 to go! Back in the studio Thursday. Goodnight tweeple! *
Shut up.
But first, breakfast at a pancake house. I wonder what's on their menu.
Watching lax duke is killin! The Paul Rabil commercial never gets old
Nice RT : #foodiechat I'm here from south bend, Indiana
I'm creepy?
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt :D
Ghetto Dennys time on the company dime.
Do you have a vote-by-mail ballot on your kitchen table? Make sure the Election Board receives it before 6PM on Election Day.
They are soo good! have you tried the grapefruit one?
Mom, #stfu. Im going to College. The #apbio exam doesn't matter. Get off my back. The #USArmy will get me into college.
thank you cupcake!
Thomas! Thomas!
How important are sponsors for the Market? We had to spend $3,200 just for trailers. Say thanks to our wonderful sponsors.
Hoping my clips win
where were you, when my walls came falling down.
We are seconds away from our first Houston demo! Come see us on lovely Westheimer street!
I am hoping they have. Going from SUV to car so excited about better gas mileage.
that's awesome. Brilliant.
if you can't accept yourself for who you are why would I
Watch the ROCK THIS RESTAURANT MAKEOVER this Saturday March 5th on 2 KASA FOX at 5pm!!!
#followfriday Seth Butler - photographer for Vermont
Design Wow! Great Show! Dining by Design--terrific!
See the young man sitting at the old man's bar, waiting for his turn to die...Google Dolls.
Wanda N. Colon - www.wandancolon.com, Kelly Edwards - www.kellyedwardsinc.com, Ali Azhar- www.aliazharinc.com
Did others think it was offensive? I can't get over how disrespectful Jimmy Fallon's show was to Michele Bachmann last night
I considered IKEA, but they didn't have the narrow size or color I needed. These came from Anna's. :P
Last night performance was everything!! And the after party was even more....
#THATCamp #LAC campers: follow the 1st day of #thatcamp #CHNM by watching the #thatcamp hashtag - we'll have a joint session w/them tomorrow
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the guy you're talking to and the guy that keeps hitting on you have the same name...
You know those days where everyone just pisses you off no matter what? That's you everyday for me.
wow! thats crazy =/
How you could have a comedy fest in Chicago without would be beyond me. #benefitshow =
It's Winter Break Camp at Positive Tomorrows! We give kids a safe, stable place for enrichment and learning, even when school's out!
Futura? Awesome. Loved the constantly morphing set and the solemn beauty of the conclusion.
shout to you. =)
in general, i enjoy The Wanted more that One Direction.
haha that made me laugh! I think we're doing the exact same thing right now
Went to a bookstore today in WA. They had #womenshistory books filed under "relationships" in the self-help section.
haha o i love how u use twitter as in conversation as if it were a living thing,
congrats to those guys! hope the Spurs can do the same!
D-trix. flirt with me, not them.
So annoyed..
Happy Friday Everyone!
I really want to like Jennifer Lawrence, but...
We are now reviewing application #130187 - Aaron Steele.
TOUCHDOWN STANDS you bitch ass chargers
that place on Homestead good as hell..
Omg Im So Hungryy . O: Theres Nothing To Eat . D:
Live to fight another day!
FSU wants to leave the ACC? We won't miss ya.
Winning a #VespaUSA from = saving gas $$ bit.ly/mintvespatw
Confirmed - we'll be at NSS Sunday and Monday, 20th/21st. See you then!
Today is a good day to be on the water
This storm needs to go away by tommorrow morning.
Oh, man. It's brilliant.
Cant wait! RT : in MI last wk I had the pleasure of tasting a Cherry, pecan, craisin & brie pizza.. Share 2morrow.
Hello Janice. Honored by your follow. (I followed back :) Hope to hear from you often.
It's on the darkest nights that you see the most beautiful stars.
Being in Scotland has caused a 475% increase of my use of the word c*nt.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Swag your smle without braces ;)
follow RT for that good ol' follow
strong with Randy Shannon as OC
No its not going down tonight
is starting the new but wet & cloudy week at New Morning Cafe in Tiburon...
21 candy bars!
Torrey Smith is the number 1 hot trend on Google. Oh Fantasy Football, you are crippling the country.
I think you're looking for
stop being willing to try things different because you MIGHT do it wrong
Last Time I Checked I'm Grown! FOH
What a day. I think I'll need a drink...let's just call it Cinco de Mayo.
The planet will become a kind of supermarket. But strange things can happen. Sometimes history is ironic.- George Steiner
Just want you to know that the ONLY people I send bday tweets 2 are attractive, intelligent & incredibly sexy individuals
...rumble pack/dual shock, achievemetns/trophies, wiimote?/playstation move, smash bros?/ sony all stars. quite embarassing.
problem is...he's really only my husband in my mind. uh oh. i hear his sneakers runnin' for the hills...
RT via The energy here is incredible. I Love You
You guys gotta live till May 22!!!
imitation is the best form of flattery
Get up and get at it. Good Morning good people.
how are your fingertips doing?
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while his hands are in your mouth
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
#thingsicantstand, paying full price for tickets, so here it is DC half off Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis, go to
red velvet frozen yogurt is my new fav...
1/2 off snow day at is very exciting especially on fish fry friday!
People will always try to be negative, all you can do is continue smiling and stay positive.
I'm Bi-winning, One speed, One gear, GO
alright then..... Ndjrjrnirndjdosnsbdjdkenskskfbsk.
Waking up at 12 and still not having the energy to get out of bed
I forgot to record the new show. I'd like to see it. Will it replay any time this weekend?
But not better than #NeverSayNever Justin Bieber
Happy Weekend! 20% off all purchases b/w 5pm-7pm
#honestly I still don't know why Captain Harris always had it out for Mahoney and the other police officers.
Just listened to Fugazi repeater cuz it had been a min. Forgot music could change the world. Thank you Ian.
Everything was getting better . . . & I fucked it up . I always fuck it all up .
I'm sure you'll love the books :) yes., how was your day??
So excited about the BBA general meetings this week. I hope you can make it!
ha just realised it said 'time' is a great teacher, embarrassing! I thought it said this...lol! X
lol Hell yea good ol "P" Days lol
Dear Twitter I'm Officially DEAD.....
Good Luck :)
thanks! Xoxo ERIN DIANE
very nice!!!!! LOL
Please keep Larry in your prayers. He is in the hospital due to a dangerously low white blood cell count from his Chemotherapy.
Take a minute to see our latest #eyetracking solutions at the SMI booth 25 at
Working in Austin, Texas at the Barton Creek Resort & Spa
“: Must say really like that Best Buy ad about mobile phones with the creators of all the apps, etc.” me too
“: impressive instagram” omg, that should be your instagram handle!!!
"we have the tools to create our own content now." I want to be a female Tech Gal. I loved TechTV
...turns out it's so they can be more comfortable -- Sab says NO...I'm comfortable here...sorry GTFOH...lol
at IDCC 6 in Chicago, last session of the day
we do! email us at with what you have in mind; we can do all kinds of fun things for kids :)
it's not blocked
It's almost showtime at ! and of course...US! Be there! 11pm! FREE!!!
CUSTOM POSTERS!
he's dead, jim
dont pay any attn to me man ,im old school.. like my beer and drinks full flavored and strong,
The good die young so they can get to heaven early & watch over the rest of the slums
I just wish u would see my tweets for once!:(
There's a web service for people who sign up for too many web services
Curious, but what does it mean? I've walked by that store/brand many a times and never gave it thought :)
Getting home from work and seeing my girls just reminds how lucky of a guy I really am!
S/o to for not being a pussy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Went to the Hollywood dance and boys volleyball game last night! Yet I went injured lol!
Weekend starts thursdayy!!! :)
damn. I want your boss
someone asked about you.... on every single one of his twitcams, you and Miranda are always mentioned.. aha :)
what kind of show?
The GW Patriot is temporarily unavailable due to maintenance. We will be back up soon. We apologize for the inconvenience - Patriot staff
I'll tweet a link to the online column Wednesday morning. Feature story to come down the road. Thanks!
OMG! You will see me! <3
Theresa you rock!!!
How many times have you typed, "l'm okay" while crying?
What a great weekend for the Lobos!!
Ayo SB, whats the f-cks good? We ship platinum, them b!tches are shipping wood <3 i have nicki in my head ----
I need the Sony press conference NOW!
im tierd of following ppl and not getting a follow back
Pitch FX believes that it will be short lived, but it has been fun to watch.
At arbor mall gettin my new clothes
Brad is hotter than Angela, just the truth
Is your favorite color yellow by any chance.
10 sketchy people messing with the flagpole is a way to make sure 200 people stay away from
Damn right #playoffbeards are #manly! We'll def check out your show
the #nfl is so ass backwards its a sin RT : So a punch to the face gets your a $25k fine but a tackle could get you $60k+??
PS: I'm so happy that my role model will be on the judge chair of The X Factor! Britney, your always in my heart. Wish you the best on it Xo
what does oomf mean
um, that it was interesting enough to retweet?
Already fammo you know how we do! RT : SO CLEAN WHN I WALK ALL I HEAR IS WHISTLE'S HAHAHAHA!!!
The #podcast is way more entertaining than the #WalkingDead TV show.
Good morning, Nikita! How was your dinner at Luce?
If you're wearing "juicy" pants, that ass better be.
Back hurts from recovering picnic table, chiminea, and washing machine from canal. Stupid Ike. Boat goes to boat heaven today.
thanks again for tickets! Wife and friend looking forward to the game. Go Timbers!
#Icantgoadaywithout praying to God<3 I Love Sundays!
Happy to see the #dh project I worked on for , Civil War Washington, is getting recognized by ,
And the students in the graduating class of 2011 march in to the auditorium.
lmfaoooo hell no! im not twitpicking him
I'm off w/ my Juiceman this Sunday & Monday which works out perfectly fine since he's not going to his Papa's house this week
It's 5:39 and im up..:/ why you ask.? I have a freaking science field trip..:(
The World is Ours.
<U+2605> ULTIMATE LADIES NIGHT <U+2605> Grab the girls and come enjoy $15 bottonless bubbles tonight at Narcisse!
goodmorning to you too :-) AND to the rest of the positive twitter people!
This psych exam is going to seriously be the end of me no joke.
Chuuch RT The whole #InsideTheNBA set is speaking truth on Eric Spoelstra, LeBron and D. Wade.
Have you #cooked with quinoa? It's a great grain w/ protein & much more! featured it. I eat it for breakfast how do u eat it?
Show Show Show Show Show
Monique Show got cancelled..is anyone really surprised? All she did was preach..it was annoying but she surely went in on that audio lol!
When is Puck gonna take his test???
unless you bet on Utah
Because Joss Whedon is awesome I will bear this burden of blame.
#Caps GMGM says Dale will be with them at the draft to help them out there
how's ol Pendleton.
On top of delivering the highest quality and safest repairs, Car Crafters also makes customer convenience and comfort a top priority.
I am beautiful no matter what they say, words cant bring me down. I am beautiful in every single way...so don't you bring me down today...
Today in Financl Srvcs Cmtee I questioned Sec #Geithner on the million$ Gaddafi's family unjustly took from #Libya's people.
"I'm glad our streets are no longer menaced by super-tough doo-wop singers" Now we have criminals with badges and auto weapons
damn I didn't even think u did that
Sorry...what was your tweet referencing?
I'm didn't want to do it, because I'm really happy, and didn't have a question I needed to ask. So just asked, "What do I need to know?"
"All you owe the public is a good performance." -Humphrey Bogart A film maker and actors responsibility :)
Summer break is only a week and a half away!
Let the general campaign begin! We have a contest of the Left vs. the Right. Obama vs. Romney
Lisa, we love it! Cheers to healthy hearts RT Raising a glass of red wine to salute heart health month. Remember those Omega-3s!
yeah, Jackson, Hardesty and Hillis are out, we could have the most beat up running back core in the league
Wanna book jc to come to the uk buh ive got no money so that idea's gone out the window.
can't wait , excited for the new and old stuff. Minds will be blown away!
I don't mind losing to good teams...shit, even decent teams...but the TWINS? THE EFFIN TWINS. seriously guys
I'll be signing books with other authors at Cape Bookrack,Cape Girardeau, MO Sat. Oct. 8, 11-3 . Please join us. Drawing for free book CDs.
I love this time of year, when networks announce renewals for shows that should have canceled five years ago.
Go follow this amazing mahomie and belieber
Must visit. Z-man. Nom nom.
hey promo x30
Today's Specials: Cranberry pecan short stack; Chilli Cheese corndogs w/ fries; Tortilla Soup.
Dictators lead through fear; good coaches do not. — John Wooden
Jealous! Stuck on campus for another 1.5 hrs teaching. Hope the buses keep going until I get to go home!
Headed out to catch "The Lorax"? Stop by before or after for a tasty, healthy treat. We don't speak for the trees, but we are cool.
Hi , glad to see you via Twitter and Facebook. I applaud you for being so social during tax season. Keep up the good work!
Shared experience > Location
CAN YOU IMAGINE A SQUIRREL DOING THAT? NOT!!! T/F/S...
I'm desperate. Four tech calls, two last minute cancelations and I'm still without a microwave. Been almost six weeks.
“: #watching Drive” you wasted 2 hours of your day.
Explain what happened during the "explosive decade" of prison riots.
I never gave a damn about the whether and it never gave a damn about me.
yes they are pricey but the undisputed top dog in the gun world
when the hell did you become a hockey fan???
ya im texting him now... thanks though
I need a deluge of Biblical proportion to save my garden. Where is Noah when I need him?
Acoustic to symphony, it's clear I don't know what I want out of today.
Do I know you or do we just have Portland, Northern California and instagram in common?
will do. Thank you!
It's gonna be a long night.
ohh okay.. I thought you were not mahomies again but I was wrong
I feel that way about Facebook posts. Oh, the ways of social media...
exquisite corpse with butcher paper and oxbow students
We're proud to be a sponsor!
Atlanta, GA- need female for Rock video. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
Whatever they're eating, it smells divine *grumbles then continues on with teasing the noble men*.
#raw10 Dated a woman who was supa Fine, like Tyra Banks. 1 prob though, 2 many corns on her toes. as if she worked 4 Orville Redenbacher
100 LIKES FOR THE LATEST RECORD "CALL ME MAYBE." LMS.
i hope everything goes good for you tommorrow! i just know that you will look even better than you do now without braces! <U+2764>
Congrats guys, so proud of you!
What's your all-time favorite pinball game?
showing some of that Milwaukee love to the dirty south 1
omg #TeamLegna !!! thanks
just. Low.
Philly Thinker says "bring on the Okie Joe's."
weather channel?? Drew Brees !!!
Today's affirmation: I know that every day I am developing towards my fullest potential.
Microsoft store people adorably nicer than Apple store people. I know Apple's OK with that, but I think it's disappointing.
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for #C# #ASP.Net #Oracle Developers. Did I mention they were permanent? As …http://
lol you retweeted the wrong one dude XD search my tweets and retweet the radio station one not the last one XD
They are stool available? Here you are on twitter talking about cassette tapes.
I am so sorry! I missed you too! A bit overloaded with work (((BIG BEAR HUG)))
Completely obsessed with 's Working in the Theatre on CUNYTV
Love the feedback! U do know best! RT : I like the ad but in all honesty less text would be much more effective.
How can anyone dislike the #Nationals ? They're the #OKC of the
No angle, just dangle
Have a #yelp or #foursquare app? Check In for Dinner service Friday and Saturday for a Free Mango Margarita!
I guess all this guy does is lose, too.
You are not right, boy. Respect the Nudies! cc:
wake'em up.But if you don't have a game plan to actually combat the "Illuminati" people will roll over and go back to sleep
“: I sold a head light bulb to him! Btw aren't you on your honeymoon? Congrats!!”/ yes and thank you!!!!
is an swesome tool!
In the 90s rappers wore gold, not platinum.
I fucking hate making up the bed.
Thank you! You know it! :-)
Girl you are finer than frogs hair!
Are you tired of neck and back pain? Did you know that pinched nerves could be the cause of your discomfort?
Electric daisy is coming to town. Better reserve your transportation soon. It's 45 min off the strip.
Thanks for the RT! We're super excited about hitting 13,000 courses.
uh. facebook places.
Thinking about the RED Epic...so soon.
ok, do you have an email?
RT : Also thanks for the rosé RTs of my #tastewa post. Cheers!
I will take Collins and Lamb.
if you mean the iPad app.. It's great. (might be similar)
Also accidentally lean on your horn right after parking, your neighbors will think it's hilarious
Snow moving into the Northeast & New England - here?? - we're going to the beach - - SUNNY & 70S....aahhhh - another lousy day in paradise!
How I would love to buy a female dog and name her life.
My goal was a simple 1000 word blog post on dirty living. 4000 words later, I realized I was literally writing a footnote to a footnote.
WHAT IF answered my question about paul higgins omg i would cry for 567 years
hey Cam! please follow me. I love you
Glad you are part of my PLN as well!
last 5 starts. Joe says that Stewart catching Sabathia like that is just how it happened to be. Girardi needs to get off his pedestal and
Nothing quite sets the mood for the day like listening to Ennio Morricone in the morning.
Details, details, how many details!!!
Never take counsel of your fears.
LCSH inappropriate for computer environment- too textural, too reliant on/developed for humans. Poss. prob. for collaboration in #lis?
Are you listening to the music this week?
You were not made by God to fit into this world. You were made to stand out..
No 5 in changing your life for the #NewYear - 'The Right to Change your Mind' ! Wishing each of you a blessed & warm Christmas Eve.
Okay-hands are loosing grip so it is time to stop working for the night. I can return to the studio early tomorrow & get back to work.
They are trying to hang a pastor in iran for being christian. Quickly Sign the petetion!! Call 877-989-2255 or log on acla.org
#NowWatching my Niners kick some Cardinals ass.
Is my life so lame that I have to resort to watching friends? There has ta be something else on
at first I though it was edited or something like that
Singing....Gimme di gal dem wid di wickedest slam. Di kinda gal weh know fi love up she man.
Ohh I hope you find them!
Garner state park bro. ( yes, for some reason I have wi fi)
so much judgement :~)
2.6.2 is now available! Sorry for the short time frame between releases. No need to update unless you're using user_thumbs.
cool. I look forward to hearing who the player is
Learned more about "audio described movies" #csun12. Augmented description of action on the screen, not just closed captions.
Damn last nite was dope,shit we get down haha.
Great to see former Hill Hi Spartan Colt Lyerla get his first Ducks TD. We know that kid can make a big play! 34-0 all Oregon
A little stubbornness will work out fine
Yay! I'm going to see #oomf today :D
I found that out when I got there! LOL! It's all good, I connected w some folks I met last time. It was another grt time
has decided to do all my status updates using Cream's lyrics from their time on heroin. They were a cross between Naked Lunch and Finneg ...
But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain
i fully stuffed my grill with good leftovers from my wonderful womens birthday yesterday and now i'm rockin some decent gas. i'm full though
We're playing with Jukebox the Ghost on April 11 at The Social. Come out and support great people making great music. Hit us up for presales
Hello beautiful new apartment :)
do yourself a favor and watch now. You'll learn a lot, like how to properly pine after people, etc...
time to mix it up. I'm actually starting to miss Warren Zevon.
We are in need of more family care/primary care Oregon licensed doctors. come tomorrow and see Phyllis.
I think I can relate to The Grinch, when his heart grew 5X in a matter of minutes... Ouch! It hurts!!
I love u more than Cat loves tap it and sky store together!<U+2665>
Great radio voice, Howard, & what you have to say, of course.
Meeting with the president of tomorrow. Brainstorming some good questions for him. Can't wait!
Good Luck at the Jack this weekend.
“: The Da Vinci Shins at 3/1. #grandnationalhorses”|| That race still happens?
If imagining a studio audience shout of romantic O's each time my cat sticks her butt in my face is wrong, I don't want to be right.
haha at comp sunday i was crying in the parking lot because my mom ran out of booby tape
From the book "Peripheral Vision:" "It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem." - G.K. Chesterton
ohmygod i hate you
my pillows my only friend/:
Asked to comment on the Jordan Classic and it's lack of U of L commits, Rick Pitino said "Really? On the day Piermario Morosini died?"
Hearing abt amazing work by to help create a Domestic Worker Justice Zone in Park Slope!
Titanic in my pants
stoked on your work maneo! Creative collisions.
So go on and take it, take it all with you. Don't look back at this crumbling fool. Just take it all with my love, take it all with my love.
Awesome!!! I actually met him a little over a year ago! Have you met him/seen him in concert?
my two year old and I went out for Mexican while the hubs took my oldest on a date! Lol
Word 100k: "he" - I was hoping for a more exciting milestone word, especially after word 50k was "Henry" (who is also the "he" of word 100k)
yeah. He's alive and well in the W. Lmao
it does. Many on-air personalities are not who they appear to be.
Definitely seems like the perfect fit for the Social Suite! How ya been big guy?
lol It said the same to me,lol
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street
2nite come out to ! 50 cent wells till 11 and $3 u call it all nite! 18+ free all night! video mixin all nite!
you all can join
Like I'm texting you now it alerts me when someone tweets me
I'm so Cold! I know it's supposed 2 b nice out, but I'm freezing!
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
Papa Smurf always has blue balls :(
Blackpool will be the 20th team in the Premier League next season! They beat Cardiff City 3-2.
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
just saying this is why I hope you can support the prez, not perfect, but not as scary as these people.
I'm with you. I especially hate how they get the cute little ones to ask if you want to buy one.
I already miss you
Sounds like you're going to get attacked by a lot of people screaming white out today... I'd wear armor if I were you...
#69Factsaboutme 12. I always bite my nails off. I don't like them long.
A beautiful night on First Hill. Lots of folks gathered for tonight's "Save our Community Health Centers" event tonight.
well that was a productive meeting for the tournament
Kale chips taste worst than they look and that's saying a lot.
can't wait to see you guys june 2nd :) ITS MY 16 BIRTHDAY PRESENT <3
CTFU I'm truly happy
Hi Nicky, really pleased you enjoyed it! You should receive it on Monday from but let us know if you don't get it.
four legs good, two legs bad? cc/
Well... Telemarketing ISNT for me. I had to quit today :-( Now I gotta look for a job all over again... Anybody got any ideas?
Hats, caps and tams off to Mannie Pollack, all in LAS and Pavilion who do such a great job organizing commencement every year!
seriously underestimated how much I dig
how do you mix your Manhattan?
Twitter is a cesspool for hyperbole. And I love it.
let's pay some bills today
I love the Navy Seals as a metaphor.
please say hello
The park is pretty tempting right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Any day now!
The market opens at 10am today with Sing Leslie performing at noon
relationships are shifting- stronger influence from non-legal pros #LTNY Firms need to understand how they are being perceived
Imagine if every time u hit a red light going to the store u went home. Quitting & starting again burns up a lot of time.
Babies die without affection. That is why loneliness hurts so much. It is natural to fight for survival.
Long time no talk. Haven't seen this girl in minute. Now she's taking my order.
Oh I totally am! I'm just going to try to not fall in love with the idea of how my life would be with this job this time around.
Hehe! Thankfully it's a small garden.. I need to do better with it, really...
What doesn't kill you makes a great novel! Typing away today!
What would you do #IfTheyShutDownTwitter??
Ah man, almost time to go & get the junior girls ready for powder puff. Lord help me..-___-
Heard they are trying to work their way into the field hockey world too. so may argue its not an "action" sport. I beg to differ
Also the part where my mom left me a voicemail and her voice kept getting higher and higher as she got more and more excited about her news.
Watching The Blind Side. So good, but making me cry.
o! Thanks for the reminder! I was thinking of going! Even wrote it on meh calendah!
When girls don't like you for no reason<<<
hot damn im at it again
Babies. All I see are babies.
My voice sounds differentt . & my throat hurts :o oh geeeze .
yes try oatmeal with milk - forget the water. Also try maple syrup & cinnamon. Or chocolate chips
I may have been living under a stone, I never heard of #50shadesofgrey or one of the #50shades #trilogy until now … has anyone read it?
#AskBieber when is the world tour starting?(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! Happy birthday Madison! I hope u have a great one. Love you!
fun Saturday. but way ready for #sundayfunday and whoever else
: the budget is far less contentious now that all these other issues have been resolved
I'm so sore oh my goodness I can't move.
My pheromones smell like Bulgari Black. Summary: I am biologically blessed.
How is everyone? :)
Cee Lo's cat gets airtime on #TheVoice, but not your First Fish...making calls...
just trying to share the love
Where's Tyler Lewis?
Spring and summer is here - time to book your Family Reunion - call us @ 296-4852 to book your event.
#oomf stay falling asleep on me -___- not cute at all
hey good thing we saved that typewriter because someone just asked for one
Ha, I have 4 Google+ friends, thank you very much :)
Meet me in Phx after the game. There's about to be a rumble!!! Hahaa
": Beyonce at Revel! It's so close!!! :DD"
and so was Getzlaf but he was funny... Triple fisting vodka sodas
Now ICONiacz are starting to like ; back off & stick to your ICONic Boyz .
Polls are open in #Arlington! Take 5 minutes to vote in the special election to fill Barbara Favola's County Board seat!
- Very cool. What city/s? What's the most interesting thing you've brewed w/ so far?
Given the massive popularity of the language and size of developer base, I mean.
Follow to find out the big announcement coming today!
I have gotten this spam like ten times.
HI, JUST WONDERING IF YOU WILL TWEET ME SOMETIME? NO? OKAY ;)
If you're going to be crass, I think you should at least attempt to be provocative.
this was great. Thanks for sharing.
it takes a village to archive the Web
Well, how was your weekend?
Tom Izzo from Michigan State should be disgraced. Halftime plan has them getting outscored 25-9 as we speak. What a joke Izzo.
just got home from making my abs of steel into abs of... steel
That Feeling That U get When u Wanna cry
Make me fuck you up
Nice summary, and nice use of Storify! Thanks for sharing them.
Nuh-uh, but this canola mixed with butternut squash chunks sure isn't doing it...
I will check it out:)
Meditate, Levitate, Regulate.
No seriously, you can go fuck yourself
In the theater gonna watch the hunger games.
IFC Spirit Awards!!!
You're our special hobbit :) Love the pants btw :)
15 in a row wow that's amazing
For sure, bud! It won't be long.
This guy n I have touched hands twice already on this train pole. 1 more time n I've had my first gay experience.
DS: While Peyton Manning and Jim Irsay are crying, Andrew Luck is somewhere singing 50 Cent's "Piggy Bank" w/ a "FUCK YOU, PAY ME" shirt on.
Today's the day all the procrastination catches up with me...
Lol...I hear ya!
you don't know you're beautiful...
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
lohfh my nigga say so fat girl wearing booty short now
sent, check ya dm
Of the Saint Valentine whose feast is today, nothing is known except his name and he was buried on the Via Flaminia north of Rome on Feb 14
Just finished talkin with potential C3 candidates
wow, just make sure it sticks, ha
yeah Fam always Doc!
I only really stopped so I could eat it for lunch today. YUM!
Gym time.
<U+E115><U+E330> real fast
for the retweets!
i think that's when we like , too
#sushi is happiness
This headache<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><<<
at school today my friend said if there is ever another band with the word 'direction' in it she will punch them in the face.
You Tweeted about the Olympics, We talk about it. Up next on the Breakfast Show
Agree? I think we all agree you're a
Has anyone tried the Scott Naturals "roll-less" toilet paper? It took me like, 3 minutes just to get the roll onto the spool. Bo!
Know any great DPs (director of photography) in the LA area? We're looking for one on a documentary I'm co-producing.
DM Thank you for following us. It would be great to work together some day soon.
Most shocking thing during RLE set: getting two bottles of water dumped on him by two middle schoolers.
Hey love, I'm just getting on, I hope I didn't miss much!!
Lots of fireflies!
I aint n da league but i ball with da ball players every week philly bottles on my crew
Damn I swear I smoked so much last night I woke up #high this morning!
haha what! Why!
Thanks Cass...going against one of the best players in the USA today. It will be a great challenge for me.
Looking for suggestions on things to do/see in the Washington D.C. area.
& which guy that actually has respect for themselves would want a chick like that. Shit I know I wouldn't haha
Happy new years er'body. Everyone take a shot for me !!
Sure why not : u drink red wine
Our office is on pins and needles. RT : Suspense is building! “ just talked to official from MCAS Miramar and they...
SO JEALOUS THAT YOU ARE THERE!
I thought it was so cool :>) maybe replace tall with GRAND ;) haha
We are getting very EXCITED!!! Our BIGGEST sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!! TheBlindManNM.com
no such thing as too much coffee
just sum play game with my cousin
Win 63% of the weekly locks you order or receive your money back guaranteed!
their minds is floppy, mines a harddrive archive the truth no bull no jive you can call a truce..
Watch your mouth RT : Lebron is such a joke. Once again he does nothing in the 4th quarter and is not clutch.
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon
Rebellion is the source of all innovation.
WorQing really hard right now!!!
Oh ok, well let us know if you need anything else! :)
just did a motivation cover....banger!!!!! check it out on youtube.com/gregtellis314
I have the most awesome twitter family in the world. I LUV each & everyone of U SO VERY MUCH!!! U MAKE ME SMILE! Happy Hump Day Everyone<3
You know the drill...pic or it didn't happen haha
Also, I found some history papers I wrote in high school. SO BORING. I seriously needed an editor. And a smaller head.
That was our house last night--grabbed the Bradbury graphic novels for my boys. Just before dinner: "Dad, I'm on page 42!"
Home Ownership matters in Columbus, Ohio. Get your house today before they are ALL gone!!
And I ask you friend, what's a fella to do, cause her hair was black and her eyes were blue.
Happy Birthday! RT : Good morning all and a very happy birthday to Joe Hart who is celebrating his 25th today!
The Avengers was great!!! I don't require money on movie dates lol right boo ?! Lol I gotta train her!
you're welcome caleb freakin agnew for pretty much doing your film project. what would you do without me? lol
thanks for the RT!
Problems posting on the DP Facebook page this a.m... of course the same post will probably show up 10 times at some point
Out with the wife. This is bullshit. Can't. Wait.
your welcome(:
that means your company is broke and can't pay the light bill...
Fit test time!
the only reason i'm not bitching about the time switch today is that spring break gives me a week to adjust.
True. Solid beef products. Ben and I would know
Does anyone know the secret?
Human experience adds to the sacred math.
so freaking tired, but i cannot fall asleep... :(
In #DETROIT today running around but first grocery shopping, breakfast then a TRACK workout at 1pm. Then hang with Barrett Strong :) #FF xo
RT "the mission only succeeded because every member of that unit trusted each other" Gr8 metaphor 4 #famliies and us all.
is gonna be an all star within 3 years
does Jorts go out with a triple double tonight???
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--->July1st -July 7th,2012!Stay tuned for more info- AESAOne
Good morning everyone!
your bartape will unravel and your beans will go stale!
Day 2: Bright Green Future: afternoon sessions begin at 1pm
Performing at a black history event ....in April lol. #blackpower #blackbrother :)
Tweeting for benefit of your fans is great. Tweeting same thing x20 via 3rd party marketing suite not great - unfollows to follow
Balls and wieners I need it to be
Had a peculiar encounter with a psycho neighbor the other day. He gave me the salute. #we're#2!
lol. He got cut by the grand wizard!!
Twitter is so entertainin.....
What are some of your favorite HH items? “: Yumm... This is making me hungry! ;]”
St. Patrick's Day on Amtrak = new opportunity to throw up on your iPad.
Ah. =[ You need help at B14U?
when i was 13 i wanted to be a back up dancer..... I was convinced it was gonna happen
I can watch little miss sunshine a thousand times <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
wishes would follow her! :(
It was a private concert sorry
Loyalty is everything!
Nothing as fun as doing an in-class presentation to a crowd that checked out 2 presentations ago.
Markus a ol smooth lip ass nigga now
I have to say I'm disappointed in pple celebrating both holidays at once and wearing sombrero fascinators.
are you really leaving ?
happy birthday dolly! Love you!!!
Barcelona loses to the best football club in the world...at home.
What's up bro! Hope all is well.
you know when you're at a super cool conference, and you can't get anyone to tweet. yeaaahh....
Lol watching glee:p
Hello, Twitter! I've missed you! Celebrating our reunion with a Venti Caramel Macchiato :)
Day off tomorrow. Gonna go play!
Definately one of the worst birthdays I've ever had.
What an excellent day 2day. Great home cooked meal, best friend & watching & my friend on Letterman tonight.
Ha! Likewise. Just have to make it a priority!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL
Women should come with permanent mood rings
The Yanks are beatable
Today may be good day to work on getting onions and potatoes in the garden
When is the pre-order going to open for the US… come on Apple!!!
I'm really a big fraidy cat. I get so scared if anyone close to me says and mean thing to me.
Texting Jacob ! <333
loved it! but pitt did do good...
Saw the movie the woman in black yesterday it was scary. I wanna see it again :)
I hate when I want to comment on someone's blog post, but can't figure out how to say what I want to say. Anybody else have this happen?
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 1
Bakersfield , California! We are performing at Jerrys Pizza tonight! Come party with us and the NYTF Tour!
jusst coming frum outside i was bored so i was like let me talk to her because you are fun 2 talk 2
I was so bothered & annoyed when i found out too!! >:-( RT : I won't be hitting mega million- Floridians can't play. Total BS!
Seriously though, why is UM so annoying sometimes.
for as much trouble as the language has given me, somethings are never #lostintranslation:
Ah just got my world 2.0 in the mail with the signed picture ;D
And no one will tell Tami to chill.
Even beautiful people make mistakes: Website connects America's most eligible ... - Daily Mail
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 5
I'm eating a Wawa sandwich. I can't really judge.
Anyone celebrating a birthday in Atlanta this weekend? RSVP for a complimentary birthday section and bottle at tonight.
Looks like your rooting for the wrong team.
Bush INT in SB. Good special teamer.
Putting together workshop for new managers using age old "Read Books, Repurpose Content, Make Interactive" technique. Never fails.
OA not threat to subscr model. Will sit side-by-side. 3% of YBP and Ingram sales are patron driven.
& not visiting uwm<<
juss gt out dha shower n now im hungry n bored asz hell...!!!
Carlos is here.. which means most of my plans need to be canceled :/ I sorry
Already Got It. Sucker
ha! not exactly sure what that might constitute, but it seems you guessed correctly
Marq bball so fun to watch, another double digit comeback in progress
Can't right now...watching
Plez follow back..recommended by JayPrince
USDA Food Guide Pyramid was political not scientific doc; encouraged lots of carbs. No surprise @ overweight stats ...
what is it you say...hm...bwahahahaha..#niceone!!
i live in Indiana to (; only in Avon though -.- but I want to meet you anyways ... Love You <3
What's up if u like Justin Bieber then forget u lol jk but yea i dont like JB
Johnny rockets with the track crew
Nite! Sleep sweet!
call up rich hill and dfa justin thomas. easy. then bring up cook, try and slip albers through waivers to A, and bard to the pen.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Desiree Rabuse and Ana Perez-Haynes!
Chillin. Join me.
I'm the new chair of a scholarship program and I rmbr us chatting about youth empowerment; would you be interested? plz message!
Awe THANKS
Summer? Is that you?
thanks for the tweet love anjali
There is an average of 3000 ft. of electrical wiring in every car.
Wasn't expecting Rushton Rd to be dirt. nevertheless ...
As my family sends me pictures of my adorable nephew I am fighting the urge to not put them all up. This isn't an easy task he's very cute!
I know man, I feel you. These new cats runnin wild out here... The OG's need to start checkin fools in asap
lucky!! D:
way to take a huge step in the wrong direction NC..
Gucci digital lol
They should call u Johnny Apple Seed.
Homecare services are becoming very popular as families are now able to get the level of service they would expect for their loved one
NF THX FOR THE FOLLOW RT FOR A S/O
The Mini Skirt in the 39Teenies39OASAP High Street Fashion Blog - tights and leggings
Offered free tickets and backstage passes to see Ronnie Milsap this weekend at BBQ fest. My response depends on whether booze is free.
not awake -well one of them might be tho -the little ones were playing lady gaga on the ipod outside his room :)
RT : Through the power of inquiry, you come to realize for yourself that you are love. There’s nothing you can do about it.
Tip #176: I have learned many things in #poker. One is #anger almost always leads to #destruction in cards. #TILT =
i personally don't care if the emma and thing's true or not, as long as harry is happy i'm happy. I love you harry forever :*
...and a shot caller. You could say that.
You do not know how hard I've worked to improve staff's photography skills!
The fool posted about it on another website. Probably under a fake name
Partying at Brennan's!
Who are you rooting for in tonight's Oscars?
Psycho (1960): Wonderful to watch this film for the first time in a movie theater. People actually screamed during the "stairs scene". :)
For our ever-lasting friendship, send sincere blessings and warm greetings to my friends whom I miss so much
are u and kiara dating?
Bro. I was in 7 different dance off with people, and I lost to a Breaker and a tutter/popper. They were DOPE.
"Mm! SEXY! Get it, Phillip Phillips!" -Me yelling at my tv I think only will understand my insanity on this.
Watch "Bling" on Netflix if you get a chance. It's cool mayne.
Imma need you to report to a tap class immediately...
Not sure what it is called, but it is in the northeast corner of the market. They are not to be missed :)
I think I like Kim now! :)
when did you become a #baller?
I'm so sore!!
im almost sure i posted when #PS3 would be getting the map packs.... sorry if i didnt
#sschat Cool moment-"Mrs. Ballard, I like this game and it gets complicated." Thanks, We are loving Do I Have a Right?
we can certainly help you out with killer deals on equipment
hi friend who you think cowboys are gonna draft tomorrow
I Put On Tupac Dear Mama And She Took The CD Out And Put On Mary J Blige It Was A Sign Of I Love You
Too lazy.. Yoga pants again
Celebrating 6 month anniversary, Valentine's Day and baby announcement with my boo
Thanks for the #ff and for the caps. You (and Jennifer too) are such a pleasure to work with!
im sorry brielle:/ love u !!<3 text me!
The wrong people always get with the right people & fuck it up for the people that was right for the right people!
I'll probably have to organize my own panel AGAIN, but I'm tired of chairing.
Update: its just lunch...: Broncos' Joe Ellis and Pat Bowlen just left Dove Valley together
Women who are making a difference in ebooks:
what about feminist/queer technology art? Let's not leave out the making #FemTechNet & feminism 2day shud include queer/trans
Have fun! See if you can sit in for the daily QC sampling with John, Jim and the rest. Good times.
I'm hiding
you know u gone have to slide me that picture you.got.on ya default
Congrats! RT : We loved the story! Many thanks!!
"Bush insisted it would be impossible to know how much would be needed, so instead of including anything in the regular budget"
BTW- I did, or am doing, both! I have to have 2 root canals tomorrow AND did hari-kari for my daughter's sake! Find out
Sachem east field hockey playoffs
Congratulations! You made the goal! Can't wait for the EP series to begin!
6 Nights Left in our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang Tonight @ 7 & 7:30 & you could win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!
I puss people off...oh well I'm here so deal with it.
he's tomorrow XD
Thanks for tightening up my locs. You rock!!!
RT: : 2012 Camp Chat "Transformation" Trix Camp at the US OPEN at Walt Disney World July 11th-12th!!! Registration now open!!!...
isn't a user..
oops make that size 12 down to size 8 in 4 weeks. correction. however you want to measure that..either way, back to size 8 jeans!
thank you too for the follow and I appreciate the RT! God bless!
Anyone have a good etsy shop for hair bows? I don't want to pay $10 each, but do want some cuteness & durability. All suggestions welcome!
wait till you see the next one ;-) I'm trying to make it to NAB, but I'm meet be on a feature.
I like sending out texts before I sleep that way I can wake up to some.
Finish the sentence: "I could not live without my brand new......"
we're getting married one day.. just thought I'd let you know. .<3
no not at all
Connecting the dots as the universe gives them to me...
Romney's life as a kid is who he truly is as an adult. He still pushing and cutting his way through life.
Nope! Just came to me out of the blue! I should post to Pinterest though!
you have a point... next time I might try to endure the sight long enough to snap one
Today is my wedding day.
So true!! God is faithful to pour out is unconditional love, grace & mercy every single day. We must learn to receive it! :)
Would be fun!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Street closed because five people were shot...
still not sure how to use this twitter thing - thanks to everyone who is following me - am working on following you back but not there yet
#blogher11 tip: if you need to hide out, go to the men's room. I have yet to encounter anyone in there.
that definitely doesn't go for you. Focus on thinking.
thats one fucked up family stay away from the gene pool!
now that's LOVE
So you said I'm gonna read this story.
Don't like this feeling.
aww man the other ones are not funny though.. The salvation army one was though
xD true :p are you trying out for one of the major parts or a small part?
OKay my love
amazing new track great work on the new ep can't wait for the release
I finally get it #socialmedia! Cgrts on your success with #Epiosolutions. I'm in Seattle second week of June let's connect
RT “ I might just cry right now lol”
An opera dress should be arranged more for contrast with a crowd, than with reference to the individual taste. (1850)
Pull the trigger theres no pity for a coward
Wow... Grandma and i have completely different political views... Exact opposite
Thanks for the tunes Lisa. Happy new year - have a good one!
Gotta feel Brewer Fever ! RT : our magic number is now 9.
ur addicted to twitter.. its ok i am too
Going to check out the shelter near by for kitties again, in the morning. Big day! Extra excited! :-)
Thanks! P.S. We still need to grab lunch.
Pretty sure I had stopped watching by that time. Anything before about '85 I probably saw.
finally we get a diva match
oh word, haha well its still a dope flip of that verse to dindi.
People. people. That is clearly MY COSTCO.
today is going to be the worst day ever.
We sometimes forget what God said: "With God NOTHING shall be impossible"
Lets get it poppin.
Wish! 73% of CEOs don't believe marketers contribute to the bottom line
Location 3 (clue continued): go find some bread where the samples are free outside our neighborhood bakery
Nice meeting both of you as well. I'll be there! x
Waiting w/Nick for bloodwork.
Love this tweet
Keep both out and go mcgahee?
His dancing tho.SO FUCKIN SEXY.
Eliminate preventive health care or close a loophole. Hm. Which one is more beneficial? I believe all politicians are BRAIN DEAD!
ah sis do u do pop tracks to cuz i got dis banger pop/techno track dat a go crazy if u grace da hook wats da
great to see all of you in !
Goodbye buffalo, hello myrtle beach c:
oh god, haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
So um..I LOVE YOU. Kbye.
25k at dinner break. Lost a stupid hand for a lot of chips
Thanks for helping us reach 700 Followers! Great end to the week.
Kind of excited to run 3 miles tonight....this training has me motivated! Thanks
Don't look for happiness. Create it!
So sleepy but I have earrings to make...gotta get this money
Does anyone know of an open source survey tool that is relatively mature? We're trying to find one to use in a tech-delivered curriculum.
If a kid is late to his Special Education class, would it be appropriate to say he's tardy?
no jenna plz dont cut I need u *hugs u tight*
If you're in San Antonio, go check out and at CLUB ANTRO. :)
text me, 7863388603 :)
I feel like im tweeting one of the boys cos you havent replied but your.sleeping so thats why.
i dont have a credit card
you definitely won't be getting any numbers during this shift!
Sorry I'm just a whiney shit.
I'va had that happen a lot.
!!! RT : Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
TWAT!? Dude you forgot me!!!
You're all I cared about.
I just feel like nobody likes me anymore bc i have a bf.:( I'm glad i hav u!
hey my sexy I been missin u <U+E418>
Acronym for FEAR is "false evidence appearing real". Look to Him to dispel your fears, & you'll see things exactly as they are.
I could care less if I deserve it.
Why'd I have to go and do you like that. Thought I'd moved on, then you brought me right back....then I lost you.
darn it- missed it....how was it?
your so welcome!
What's up tonight, OKC?
My Tile (my contact or ME tile) Tells me when FB notifications are pending.
Havent talked to the beautiful in a while :| no bueno.
In general, I don't like bands with numbers in their name.
yeah...that would go over really well.
great show! My fav pick of #35Denton !
White Orange and Ninja wowed the audience at The Agenda last night! If you ever get a chance to see either of them, GO!
Life is nothing but full of BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I was gonna say something along those lines in my last tweet
gunna get judged like all you piece of shits do.
Dear Guys, Be careful what you say. Always remember: A girl never forgets.
Tip #113: The drinkers will almost always be more aggressive/calling stations.
No, price to high RT : Should #Broncos consider moving up to #Jaguars 7th pick for CB Stephon Gilmore?
I'm wondering who's number this is. &&&& getting ready
always go for the nap.
#IfITellYou to support #RonPaul's message today and you don't, do I get to shake my head a decade from now when you realize your mistake?
Tassels, pasties, sock garters, pigtails... IDGAF! “: If I was hoping to upset Floyd Mayweather, I'd wear pink socks too.”
My timeline is full of instagram pics ... Hope all yall following me
love it.lol
The only thing sadder than Michael Jackson's death is MTV's coverage. Make that non-coverage. Make that complete ignorance of the story.
Your so nice, your going to be a great mom.
. thinks you should nix the MJ and play Whitney Houston instead. And Willie Nelson.
um asking lol
Haha. Only if I can teach you how to dougie at the same time. RT teach me how to tweet :(
Contemplating getting a new laptop tomorrow cuz this shit ain't finna get it
The rain season is a little early here...
You dye your hair yet?
; It was in my DMs .
Which is to say that B&&C is pretty much whatever you want. Next one at Substantial is 1/18, you should come.
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show @ iTunes & Blogtalkradio.com. Affordable ad rates & show sponsorship!
Wrung out.
oh man have we been there! Love that ferry ride and it's a perfect day for it.
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
Glad you like it! #meowiora >.<
That feeling of laying down in your bed at night (:
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
My Money On Mayweather
RT : Get a Kindle Fire on Black Friday? Pre-order this companion now! My Amazon Kindle Fire by Jim Cheshire...
No fucking trust
J Cole be that nigga .
#SuperBowl Not even Cee Lo can save this halftime.
Calling me fake,stupid,weak,ugly or poor won't make you real, Smart,Strong,Beautiful or rich
oh okay! Alrighty.
Beautiful day for Keeneland
I know that You will never forsake me in my weakness.
Genius idea! RT : I need a video editing tool that automatically removes the uhhhs and ummms - geez!
Considering we (humans) evolved in Africa, I propose that Africa's new slogan be "Africa: Get Erect!"
Sleeping tonight is prob out of the question.
tickets for 3/12 vs Philly. I have $91 seats for $25 each. Let me know how many you need!
those dresses are HOT!
Another awesome staff meeting!
I love Miles Austin.
Bahaha ! I love it. I do the same thing with a pile of roast beef.
I think that the residue left over from McLouth in 2009 is gone from the fan base. Blow that candle out
are you guys having problems streaming? Can't get anything to play :( just keeps bringing me back to my homepage
I try to be positive, but the pistons suck...
#AmWriting on the back deck, listening to the birds sing. Wonderful!
This descent has "narrow roads"
Zac Efron is without a doubt a babe. JUST SAYING.
Therapy was invented in the sixties, do you know what invented means? It means it doesn't exist.
What is up with all these scumbags who follow with no tweets and a link that takes you to #justhookup. Get rid of them
Thanks so much for the follow - we love your bikes -- and your STYLE!
yess! Pretty excited :-)
I like your picture...very artsy : )
I'm sorry baby :(
I want to know if sex can cure a headache.
My sisters came out so pretty, why didn't I ?! >:o
I'm weird. I'm gifted. I hate bitches. I'm actually nice. I am God-fearin
your still pretty!!.MEMBER THAT!!!
Excited to be joining Obama campaign's digital advertising team in Chicago! Guess that means time for new Twitter handle
Spring clean garage and driveway before cleaning carpets to avoid tracking of oil and tire tracks into home. vegaspressurewashing.com
So apparently I have a really weak Rotator Cuff....and if I dont get it fixed soon my shoulder is going to blow out.....GREAT.
the are horrible!!!!! and without Rodgers will only make it more difficult for them
King's Court goes wild with Ks! #Mariners /via go Mariners.
No Selenski expert, but Alward's methods seem stranger. RT : None of his were near as impressive as Hugo Selenskis' one.
Mary J. Blige, looks to good for her age.
Researching RV parks. Gotta admit: This is a new one for me. :) #Frommer's
Happy mothers day to <3 hope you have a good day!(:
That's an ironic tweet coming from someone with a Twitter avatar picture like yours. (YOU look constipated, actually, not "sexy")
I can't wait for #ToroSushi tonight. It's been way too long!
Sounds Like Flynn working deal out with Miami.
if its on twitter it aint no secret in my eyes
Organometallic Chemistry News: Metal-Catalyzed Nitrogen-Atom ...
where are you located?
I'm so goddamn tired.
oh the joys of being sick.. :P
if it smells amazing, why you put that face <U+E05A> <U+E409>
ugh , why now -__-
How come when you make #porn films you're automatically a "star"? Just a thought. LOL.
Niggas can't do what i do how i do it.
Arancini Con Ragu--Fried Risotto Cake Stuffed w Braised Veal, Italian Cheeses, Baguettes, Poached Eggs, Arugula and Porcini Mushroom Sauce.
I can't wait to get my passport. I'm spending my weekends in Canada and brushing up on my french.
From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living
Andy Russell in #app challenge - adults can drive, kids can't - gps journal, photo sharing, kid navigation
I really don't want to go to class today. Ugh
There's a likelihood they still make it with a different name that doesn't make it seem like Aqua Man's.
you are hard to find at catalyst.
Ford rescue concept truck pressed into service to help tornado ...
Would have been good if I was in the market
i SAY THAT BECAUSE #00MF TWEETED: i L00SE MY ViRGiNiTY AT 14. i WAS LiKE #WHAT? THAT D0NT MAKE SENSE!!!!!
You'll like the book I'm finishing. 4 teens climbing Everest, two of them boys plus a teen boy Sherpa.
Rehearsals start this week for the Evanston Symphony Orchestra. Liszt, Schubert and Dvorak are on the first program.
my best was my Dad & Mom not spending money they didn't have, my worst was seeing my mom's tears.
you forgot me :(
this luk like a 2k game
we can leave it at good day.
nobody wants you when your down and out....
like mine?
I have to be honest with you coffee. Sometimes I question wether or not you really want to be my friend.
Smiling is my favorite exercise......
When you bend over to jump of the block and your suit splits #uhoh #tellmewhyipaid300forthissuit!
I'm just so happy to see one of your tweets, don't care if that sounds dirty
(The Price is Right fail music plays)
hello! What's up? :)
aww noo hey lets have a conversation on twitter? That would be amazing (:
Greenerprinter.com online printed products very reasonable pricing and practicing a green manufacturing method that is VERY imressive.
LMAO I LOVE THIS WOMAN SO MUCH
#nowwatching Say Yes to the Dress
I wish I had a dad.
who wouldn't want my life . Its fucking awesome
Check out www.artforransom.org and stay tuned.
Metta has the chance to show some class with an apology to Harden tnight, instead he says "he doesn't shake reserves hands" - Not surprised.
Saruh sucks at telling me pick up lines.
#CIO Quote of the Day: "I feel like I’ve come full circle right back to end user computing"
yea it was and my phone broke dnt have the number
I thought the filmmakers brought to question their own unbalance representation of the story.
#CLIPPERS GAME DAY!!! Game #7 & Clips in Memphis 10:00 AM on #ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Wow Barcelona had a top 10 play and Messi wasn't involved
I suck at lying :3
The police department needs to foster trust with its citizens to change things. Treat your community well. #Baltimore Major Russell
that and black hookers. but mostly black hookers.
Just whatever you do, don't open the bedroom closet. I'm trying to get some z's. And I'm loosening all your heels.
Creme brulee! Couldn't pinpoint it until just now. Cracking the thin shiny ice that has formed on the snow - like cracking the burnt sugar.
Protein shakes are so god
slept all day and had fever dreams, godamn sickness, its always March that does it.
In remembrance of 9/11 we will be recognizing a day of silence. There will be no posts from us tomorrow. Back on the 12th. Thank you.
we all have past... It helps make us who we are today
u got a new single u pushing?
GUYS, DON'T GET TOO EXCITED FOR THE 1D CHICAGO SIGNING. IT MIGHT NOT BE TRUE. DONT GET YOUR HOPES UP JUST YET.
Forever, and ever, the scars will remain. I'm falling apart. Leave me here forever in the dark.
If you're going to regress, might as well do it infinitely.
i may or may not have had a cookie for breakfast. i'm just saying. that might have happened.
lol dude ima beat u up now
Just ran into my pal at
Why hate people like !! If you dont no the real them, just what people say bout them ! Than your a
"Felicia only likes basketball because she likes balls between her legs." lolol
Smart placement - full Spanish AT&T ad runs on English ESPN during #ManchesterDerby halftime.
Mike Mayo is an idiot. Break up the greatest bank franchise ever? CITIGROUP? What is his issue? And News Corp.'s Fox News?
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 28
IM SO SORRY AUSTIN! ))); holy crap I'm crying. She's in a better place now.. #RIPAngel </3
I know at least 10 people who have become OBSESSED with these cookies in the past week. Cookinsanity?
Thx4 following me. Everyone follow #FF. We disagree often but the more opinions the better.
caan u give me a shout out for my burfday on saturday :) !!!
I'm so mad I didn't stay for finals... #grr #could'veran
The extra B is for BYOBB. That extra B is a typo
over time, you realize that life throws more than just curveballs. it's all about the adjustments you make as the game goes on that matters.
Turning my phone off so I don't say something I'll regret.
Thank you for being there. <3
lol. Just like everyone else?
and still no video reply :(
RPT-Sealy loses perch as rivals tap into Boomers' health fears
RT : Thanks for putting in the work Coach! (Hope my English teacher gives me a C+ or higher...)
Another Night W/O Her <U+2639> Ugh , Goodnight World <U+2665>
: no? Sorry D: see ya soon
hey girl how are you, why wernt you at school today <3 ya
Kids, all our apps will be educational. Wait, there's one where you catch ice cream & dodge onions? Well, we have to get THAT one.
Walking the interactive floor at
great work! I love it!
Greetings back at ya Manuel
Capful of vinegar in the water will help keep all the white together.
Love how the lawyer from Always Sunny is in these Quicken Loans commercials, and flagrantly carries lobster claws around fancy restaurants.
This training was org by the fund for Ed excellence, youn audience of md, arts everyday, and gbca.
Heading to Dallas to flip & burn cars. Celebrating the #NBA Championship! (That's what people do right? We're new to this...) Go #Mavs! ;-)
I want a he 99 body style lol this bike is too fast and I can't keep it under 80 so I think it's best TJ live a few more years
lol i like it!
RT Carnival CHI tonight w/ 2nite! Carnival "Choreographer's Ball" Chicago conta.cc/qrnyA2! Be there!
did u c any of the movies
Overtime vs Cal Poly? This is when you need Nate Goertz on speed dial.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to meeting you!
Midlakes Basketball: Team went bowling together after practice tonight...what a great time!
Start studying her heart, instead of her booty an maybe invest the same amount of time in her as you do in call of duty
"success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he or she is willing to have’- great words
Bout to head to the cafe
happy valentines day rene
And we're back on! Snow day cancelled.
Y Perkins keep shooting them hard ass bricks lmao
Washing dishes <<<
Watching Yanks. What is his prob today?
At the WSWA Show in Orlando, FL!
thank you, ma'am.
Good luck ppl hu take SPM tomorrow result is coming out
The coffee this morning from Donut Plant tastes like it was filtered through some fat guy's sport sock. Blech.
cooking my famous Mexican rice
fitful? light? dirt? ;) keep up the good work and by all means rest. RT ; who else thinks I should take a nap?
RT : VOTE for - he's definitely the hottest chef in Portland, hands down! bit.ly/yofrrK
He take you thru certain struggles to humble you first bcuz everybody cant go thru certain situations and. Remain humble
Clearly it's a winning strategy.
A lot of bitches at my school have burgundy hair
Fred Whitehead's tshirt-"socialism: spreading the wealth since 1917"
seems to be the norm these days....
I know... And I have this amazing idea for our underground garden. I think this confirms it needs to be publicly accessible!
Do you have the right guy? ;-) Thanks Brian! too kind
Girl, The Queens made me love every bit of this African descended body.
prof Chris Simpson sees ties between the newspaper crisis and the tensions in the function/future of higher ed.
It's definitely karma.RT : I'm assuming this phone thing is karma for not meeting in person at
CORRECTION: FREE CONCERTS WED 10/12 530p Organ Music @ St. John Evang.; 730p Ensemble Plus Ultra @ Boston Coll classical-scene.com/calendar/
Thanks for the welcome! I'd love to write about your site sometime in January! What a great and pertinent subject!
and did I mention that they r Spectacular!! WOW. Still can't believe ur single!
Teen boys who have been sexually assualted are less likely to disclose yet more likely to have multiple sex partners and unprotected sex.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. – Phillips Brooks
thank you so much! we've been working very hard to get this all together!
#ktco – The QOTW: What’s the biggest complaint your customers have about your biz?
Another beautiful day in the neighborhood
i just got mine a few weeks ago...
Twitter on the phone is better than on the computer
yes please lol
You see the sky cant be this gray forever, just fill your head with something clever.
They would be. lol of course you would. I don't know about me though I don't like him in that way. :/
i don't know arabic that well so um go easy on me lol
Playoffs with new #NHL schedule will be epic. Period.
lol well i just saw that pic and i was pissed and um i don't know who saw it or knew first but it's like all over twitter so...
Lol 2omf's funny, they got they own rap name going.
Hello, that was my review of Third Star! Thanks for watching
#LSCON check out "hole in the wall experiments". Is education still necessary?
When I tell oomf that Mr Osen said he wants to marry me >>> LMFAO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Good to know! Thanks for sharing..
DNA shows connects Taylor's death to Douglas Thames, who is serving a life sentence for another murder/rape
Bridge is Over, CMW - Who's F***** Who, EL P - 7700 Years to Date, Common - The Bitch in Yoo, Tim Dog - F*** Compton
In the studio today trying some new soundbanks. Hit me up if you tryna get in the booth
My favorite has always been Rouge. But I'd probably make a better Jean Grey... Let's be honest.
How do you do
: I did! Did it not send?
you dont like me cuz i smoke weed.. oh well keep it movin den
This time last year I was in Miami
How do you measure the success of your events? I hope it is NOT only in numbers.
The problem with various Across the Curriculum programs is the acronyms: Writing = WAC (Whack!) InfoLit would be ILAC (I Lack!)
Hi, Jim. Can I get your email please so I can tell you about a project I'm working on? Looking for an advisor. Thank you.
we do make soy biscotti candles...no kiddin
is enjoying some R&R and design time in Indianapolis.
Nice start to a Sunday afternoon game. Keep it up
Morning time! On the bus right now. Its freeezzing.
those are sweet, what they sound like on the pavement though lol
social media is awesome!
Jimi James is bringing her"A" game TONIGHT!!! At WITZEND
Tell obama I need a bail out....
oh lol you right, especially because it's your name haha
yah I can tell u barely fit in ur profile pic lol
BYE GUYS!! I'M GOING TO SLEEP NOW COZ TOMORROW WE'LL FLY TO CEBU SO UNFORTUNATELY, I WON'T BE ON TOMORROW =( I GONNA MISS YOU TWEEPLE! ILY<U+2665>
Amazing night at the AFTH. Congratulations
see you in the a.m. for more expo stuff .. good night
can you come to #teenfest ???
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated. Have a great weekend!
I'm not in rehab, jail, or the hospital, so I know it's going to be a good day!
Have fun. Give us all a wave and go Aiden!!!!!!!!
When I was in HS I listened to Peter Paul and Mary & copied down all the notes from the stereo. I formed a trio and imitated them exactly
We gotta step up a Skype Date I miss and Love you tell moms I love her :)
Just had my first phising text message. Didn't know that was even on the radar.
Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
Just got off the phone wit the baby, ya I love that fucking man so much...valentines day ready
am i the only one who had no idea men in black 3 is being release?? original came out when I was 11. I feel so old...
Hopefully soon! Never been out west before… Ubuntu Could Summit would be a great reason… been an Ubuntu user for 7 years now
Could pretty much care less about the Redskins - but to give up three #1 picks and #2 for RG3...wow. That's a lot to move up four spots.
#BCSChampionship LSU has to put Lee in ... Don't they??
Baron, need some knicks tickets!! gotta see you play!
If you stacked 12 billion Budweiser longneck bottles end to end it would reach 1.7 million miles, or to the moon and back three times....
Looks yummy!
At RR Burger works finally....yum
"People were more inclined to have sex with jesus' body back then due to poor nutrition"
i can't find her :o
AxeOff USA is a monthly Guitar playing competition. Hard Rock Café is a Platinum Sponsor & will host the event in New Orleans. AxeOffUSA.com
It's at my friends place. They live 5 blocks from me. They are supplying grilling meats and I'm bringing booze. It's a party!!
You think he didn't? But like I said earlier, I gotta get up with u sometime this week or next. Don't bring the sensitive joint
It's a bitch sometimes, isn't it? He can only do upgrades/installs/mods on weekends and long holiday weekends. Sucks...
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl in the world<3 my soulmate <3
We think they are divine, but don't just take our word for it... RT : yum! That looks divine! <U+2764>
It's damn near time to call it a night.
I hate lying. Not only because its "bad" lol, but because I have to remember the damn story i once told, which more than likely i forgot..
Happy Friday the 13th! Perfect day for a $5 martini or mimosa on our patio.
My wife & my dog are so good to me, but complete opposites.My dog doesn't mind if I use soap & loves when I leave lots of stuff on the floor
Check out my site. Lets blaze!
yes!! Can't wait!
banished me from the room for farting.
Ugh, I had to put a password on my phone -___-
Momma McGuiness is so pretty! her and Jay's picture....<3
nuggets aren't meant for sharing!
thought I did something that would make a change. But I guess the effort wasn't good enough.
My dog and I were laying down then my mom went down stairs and so my dog went with and now I'm cold
The perfect week...What!
Why is every man hitting on me today? I have the best man ever! I love u Jason!
wish we could but we're only in town for 12 hours! You come to us!
Its forever us against them all.
I'd like 2 get in on that ...
success! I got my coldfusion thingey to work. might be good if I RTM, huh?
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
We work these long nights long nights to get a pay day...
Have a super day!
Thanks to those motherfuckers from THE FP - , and - for making 2011 more badass!
thanks so much for the RT ;-)
Help our friends “: 32 Bubbles Car Wash tickets for our summer fundraiser! Get yours at Central City Co-Op Wednesday!”
These stories Rachael is telling me >>>>>
...She's like "This is what u should be doing on a special day such as today, to me, nonetheless" i'm a no good daughter, but I Love U, mom!
It's such a beautiful day. You can't help but to be happy!
wat if i get a friend who needs benifits
Congrats to on their 5th anniversary. Great peeps, great party, and live, to boot.
Nice. It's a great tool for attendees to network
#sxpubtrans How to get transit info to ppl without smart phones: if you have one, share the info with those around you. Yes, talk to ppl.
#ThingsWhitePeopleSayToBrownPeople Please, I am sorry ! Please take anything just don't hurt me !!! ..... oh your my friend? Awkward.
One of our favorite commercials of the night!
Honey, I shoulda been done with you a long time ago. Gots me a REAL friend ;)
It's Friday.... Time for #sharktank. Watching #Airbedz now.
God CANNOT-WILL NOT fail u! God's NOT a man that He should lie! (Num. 23:19-23, Rom.3:3-4) Believing it'll do more good than u can imagine!
Snow snow go away.
Where are all my fans at?!
I'm curious to try the Nike Fuelband! Hmm. I see a price/feature comparison spreadsheet in my future.
Happy Rainy Wednesday!!!
fast-forward through ALL the commercials! :P
KMSL at that damn She keeps me laughing.
Thanks for such an amazing community! We have classroom teachers, parents, kids, and even neighbors showing support. Wow!
they land at the same time HEH. Even if they were different weight though
Hey ...you still dead sexy?
No way. I thought that was you. Kudos to Jonathan!
s/o to my new follower
Good feedback.
OMG its Too Cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend get lashes or arch 4 special price. Located on 8mile in Detroit
Currently where this man is singing and playing guitar badly.
I'm one and done as far as kids goes lbvs
Isn't that like college? lol luckily for the good stuff my profs were interesting
So March is coming in like a lion. Of course it is!
instead of tip, hire this librarian please!
composer's breakfast: toast, 2 emergen-c packets and a handful of advil.
$5 TALL smirnoff cocktails, $3 Powers shots, $3 Rumchata shotsd and $1 OLD MIL CANS. Saturday night specials till close. Cheers
Just saw Transformers..... Lesson of the day trust nobody.....
If I link to it, I know all about it. I swears.
8:30am ET as he is every Monday with us. Tune in
Memorial beats Sun Prairie 68-53.
Well...chat's over so Im just gonna get off and watch the #Knicks game I guess...1 last shoutout to for my nice new BG! :D
HI :D
Know of any fun bars/lounges in Columbus, OH?
and I do believe that will be there as well, correct? ^ag
Florence & The Machine are here, party is back on
RT : Tennessee playing overtime like the SEC Tourney is being played in the Georgia Dome.
"Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations."
If people love their life so much why do they spend so much time worrying about other peoples lives -
can u tell me more?
lol I use to love beyonce. Nope not now lol
haha..why do u think I enjoy visiting so many schools?....aside from the kids/education..it's the driving...feels like NASCAR!
And every girl I try to replace u wit why can't I get over it
"I'm higher than any other." Wow. I sure have been getting those lyrics wrong. Sorry, Nicki. . .
Late night watching a pretty dresses #SYTTD hehehehe
is buried under a pile of textbooks and energy drinks miles high, trying to claw her way out. Please send help!
hahah! I didn't think I was getting it for another week - pleasant surprise!
RT I'm still Confused Now' ::::
GifBoom is #amazing! (:
Spring time! Lets wear some fun colorful makeup to match the pollen :)
Are you at #bmorehistoric? Use the hash tag, tell us what you're doing.
North Carolina quinoa salmon microgreen salad printwork bistro amazing
that video was deep go peep my vids out on youtube type walkerboyz
i know right?! D: it will be some funky smellin' lookin' Chia...(: hahaha
Great show yesterday on Bill Heywood
is really going to miss the ash tree that fell on the deck today
Check out the #FluentBus tonight hitting all the major parties including Thrillist / Spotify at Rattle Inn that we are sponsoring!!!
Thanks to the fine lassies of Bend OR for the hospitality. Why is it so hard to find words beginning with letter "l"?
- but, see, if you're Chinese as is Lily Marie, that would set a dangerous precedent!
Holy cow! Is it a respectable offer?
Just quoted you for my FB status. You're the reason I like Twitter.
Normal cholesterol and blood fat levels will help prevent heart disease and stroke, the biggest health problems for people with diabetes
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." Japanese Proverb
Lunchtime and then I'll be speaking about why I'm running for congress
Nothin beats a great tasting soap!!
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
no problem u get the track it was sent to your email?
My maternal grandmother had 8 children, her last one at age 47. The last one was the only one born in a hospital. This blows my mind.
I am what I am, u did what u did Im glad Im not a sinner baby coz he's a twist U r what u r I saw what I saw Com as ur master n ur the bitch
Invites to our 2 contest will be comng soon - Free laptop, and Fre Pro Video Camera! www.workforbooks.com pls RT
I tried to explain my #wetnap fascination and but it just made me sound like a mom, right ?
Everyone go check out she is working hard to get more followers! Keep it up #RObot!
Archer season 2, hitting close to home: "My plan is to crowdsource a plan." Response: "Thanks, Noam Chomsky."
Hey Corbin here ;)
did you get Ben and Jerry's ice team yet? :D
Man I haven't been on twitter in the longest.
Cast & Crew Screening this evening. Everything is looking FABULOUS. Cannot wait to share our hard work with all of you!
Didn't have time to get there today, but sounds like they will tomorrow!
Who Ever Goes And Follows My Home Girl will get a shoutout from Me (:
Just my thoughts, that's just how I see it.
indeed. PS: you should come visit.
RT : does G+ also make us all crazy? Sometimes even a #sm advocate gets overloaded. Too many tools in the toolbox?
Steven Tyler looks like a human dream catcher....
Giving up my 2nd Saturday night/Sunday off in a row for family: Pirates baseball game tonight, Nemacolin Mother's Day Brunch tomorrow. Boo.
It's difficult to continue your admiration and appreciation of one's artistic talents when they keep posting their personal political views.
Yeah? How'd you know this?
Thanks for the follow. I'm intrigued by your background image. Do you have any video of yourself Airplane-Golfing?
Did you know that the founder of www.shastic.com is a #musician too?
Must have been nice to be by your old gym. Blessings on the new spot!! I gotta get my tail in there and we can talk!
It's true though!(: and you are too!:) haha
awsome i live in new york but i wud plan to be there in the 31st :)
what's more important: the best UX possible on mobile? or creating content that be easily accessed and shared without a software install?
Been planning our exhibition opening on July 6th !
oh how I love you(;
taking over the greater eastern seaboard with
After a tiring but fun night last night, just woke up now to chinese food given to me from mommybear. Going back to sleep soon. :/
are you then going to pick up a mask as well!??!?
looks like the ever-fabulous and are gonna come through for me. Will keep u posted on the haul. ;-)
We're now accepting suggestions for our next Black History Month film. Let us know what you'd like us to review.
listening to the APR co hort group
"Greatness is fortitude in failure, and temperance in success." -Manly P Hall
The difference in difficulty between the summer classes im takin @ state school vs. Kings is insane. I literaly would be valavictorian here.
Spit yo game, talk your shit
i passed up some really good young ladies
so good!
what's going on tonight??
I'm so excited so many people are talking about the show on twitter. It's making me blush a bit
Marina Wilbur: Dancer, instructor left her footprints in many ballrooms
Heeyyy!!! Lol miss u too! Everything Is good my way..how have u and the fam been?
The Japanese Giant Hornet shoots flesh eating bacteria and usually aims for your eyes... Huh!? Kills 40 people per year on avg. in Japan...
Done with classes! On to projects! Next up: Director's Showcase!
This day has felt long. Perhaps because I have a book at home begging to be read.
the first (&best) finochiona i've tasted was while working in Florence. Spreadable & course @ same time. Is it coarse @ cypress?
is sleepy.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, men will screw anything.
"Death is the destination we all share"--Steve Jobs 2005 Stanford commencement address. Rest in Peace.
I was marketing and #anthropology major in college. TO put it simple, anthro made me a happy person.
This is me taking my own advice. I'm going to not freak out about this, and accept things as they are. No reason to make things complicated.
they starved u to death on senior trip!
Everyone watch #runningwilde tomorrow so doesn't kill himself. He'll do it. He's serious.
THANKS CHIEF.
Flirting & being friendly are not the same thing
Cool job alert RT Looking for intern resume & letter why it shud be U
idk if I told you but I very much like your taste in music
"He walks over to Anita who shrinks in terror. He chucks her under the chin."- THE MOVIE MAN (1914)
RT : I totally just tripped tweeting
#HappyBirthday. Enjoy today!! Wish today was special. Follow me buddy.
Grizzles HOME TEAM do your shit!
I assume shit, when it's obvious .....
Great to hear! RT : we had a blast last night! been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream! let's do it again soon!
I didn't even think of coffee. I should have though but was so out of it. That was scary. I don't know how people could TBC
The gosling flies over the Pacific, and comes home a goose.
Hey Jozy my name Julian Paz i am a huge fan of u iam playing fo high school and i am 17
Thanks for the tweet at 140 today, it was a great day to hang with passionate people
Here at the first special education advisory committee for my school district. Will see what info they have.
last day of school then spring breakk:)
Arranging aerial photo flight for later this week. Best time to fly is usually after a storm.
"Who the f*ck is him?" *dead*
we need to take a zoo date!
Look. Under. Your. Bed.
Great day for rest, cardio, and food prep. I love Sundays! Good luck to all of the oscar nominees tonight.
#FF A GREAT Website Design starts w/a Great Logo Design! ...Don't have one? Hit up my girl - she'll take great care of you!
hahaha you're @ taco bell?
i sent it to you on facebook because twitter wasnt working at school.
Aw I missed you, but if you ever try and pull my weave out again i'll fuck you up beyond anything.
We're going to be doing a ticket giveaway on Friday for Saturday's show at the iLounge. Find out more at our facebook page www.com/jwshowsmi
Bryce Harper is not fazed by The Show with a laser throw to home plate. Impressive debut.
Navy Seals took care of 'em
RT : RT : I'm so happy tomorrow is Monday!
whoa, Tyler! That's my people! My hometown is about an hour from Tyler. Yay! Knock 'em dead. I know you will. ;-)
but i cant complain
I didn't say that O.o WTF!?
Sometimes when u expect the very worst the universe surprises u with good news. :-) This can only mean that I will be hit by a bus 2morrow.
I wish I owned The Usual Suspects.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61. Light...
Team US-Canada! Gold Medal Guarantee! Wait…
One fun thing about having a crappy car is abruptly shutting off the air conditioner on the highway and pretending you have a hyperdrive
She gotta car a job a swagg she STUNTIN!She pay her own bills cause she got her own money!She the type dont never ask for nothin!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I want a really greasy cheeseburger with extra bacon and extra cheese.
Omg i want somethig sweet so badd
New Airport PR. Woke up, packed, and got to the gate in 35 minutes, shattering my old 30 minute door to door.
#BandsILove oh... and White Eskimo too :)
He was, of course, an actor. By which I mean waiter.
Star Ships Where Met To Fly, #BoyzAreBack it's your birthday ! time for fan girling! !!! woot woot
Who are your top 5 Ravens all-time players with #1 being your top pick?
Noice!! RT : Windows down..getting DQ and listening to ...this feels like Summer. I love it!
HM. My podcatcher didn't seem to work this morning.
whoops that one slipped
Pittsburgh on my mind. Coming home tonight
I can't believe tomorrow is 's last day at school. So many tears are going to be shed it's not even funny. #gonnamisher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Win bets sir!
Hey guys for those who havent figured it out yet my facebook was hacked. If ur my friend on their delete my old pgs to avoid gettin hacked!
thanks - always good to know what others do
AZ PartyLife is in full force tonight! This is gonna be so big the walls are gonna fall down.... Cream Stereo Lounge 10pm-2am No Cover
any suggestions?
Learning about the reproductive system in health,
Sometimes, you just need a little Handel. Add in a healthy dose of Emma Kirkby and you *know* everything's gonna be okay...
Howard Stern is the next TODAY show segment!
Can't get Tumblr working on my Blackberry, nor Wordpress mobile.
Hahahaa "Wait for it" as a middle name.
Last day for Seniors. They are having a raging party in the bathroom.
RETWEET ONLY if you follow back
Ok, where you hiding Mr. Pike?
New weight loss idea: watch an entire episode of dora at full volume, no bathroom breaks.
Not unless you're on the south side. But you did give me the idea though.
Some guy down the street found a bag with $66k in it. I take that same route everyday after work.
We aren't related but friends :)
Amazing video shoot for mouseymcglynn. Post soon.
tell Terry I said happy mothers day!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY AS WELL AS HAPPY SINGLES AWARENESS DAY...
Happy 48th birthday Stephen. Keep the fire extinguisher by the birthday candles
It is a beautiful day in Houston and the roof is closed at Minute Maid Park for today's Cardinals - Astros game.
#Teaching CE for #insuranceprofessionals in Park Ridge, IL today. Happy to help the Niles PDES office. Beauitifal fall morning.
So sorry to hear that. Give the family our best, and tell them to hang in there!
I know lol just come bro. Whenever
I'm outside they haven't got here yet hoe!
ahaha... i cant tell you how to live life.
There's 3 grocery stores and over a dozen smaller markets.
went to gym and managed to lose 300+ calories! yay haha :D
so freaking true!!!!!
WE HAVE A SPECIAL EVENT IN APRIL, 2012 "FEMALE LAWYERS FOR OBAMA IN SEWALL'S PT, FLORIDA. YOU & FAMILY ARE INVITED
Gotta set up my Home Game on Poker Stars...I think it's going to be fun! Who wants to play??
Glenfiddich 15 yr, really takes the drive to do more programming out of you. If I was smoking a cigar I'd probably just call in tomorrow.
don't worry baby, everything will turn out alright...
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me till you drunk and I'll show you. All the moves like Jagger. I got the moves like Jagger.
She looks gorgeous! :)
There's no feeling quite like finishing writing the last lecture of the semester.
Taking my daughter to a bday party.
Fans of Kristy Swanson or Scott Schwartz-triple dog dare kid in "Xmas Story", they're at Collectables store 21144 Ventura Bl, Woodland Hills
Hopefully the Edwin Maysonet Golden Era lasts longer than Josh Wilson's did last season.
hi, i'm emily and i am now obsessed with the hunger games.
Our theme for St. Pattys is "Wines Not from Ireland"
Participating in a new university-wide Social Media Council! Very exciting!
Still workin' for the weekend? A trip to the Grind will undoubtedly help get you there! I suggest a redeye if you're running on empty.
ik im late but you welcome gorgeou'z {MWUAH}
oh yeah shes mah other half. She would cry if i didnt qo. And yeah i went.... Y?? Oh and y qet a lot buq bites there.
#redlegs win now i need a tribe win and today is a success
hey whats up?
Sales guy went on to say: "There's no way you can prove you did anything for these people (clients)". Indirectly insulting... and hilarious
Finally made if through 34 executive summaries for the UW business plan competition. Pretty impressive group this year.
we bout to have these music videos poppin too #oooowiiee yall aint even ready for it!!!
Nigga tell me why Im bumpin that right now. We think fuckin alike
what u always say and to hang with my friend and then go home and sleep
Help...help me please
How much do you like the creeper spot, ????
I quit rhyming for awhile (except when certain friends asked). this was while working on album, so it was my fault
Getting ready for children and teen recital tonight. I need an assistant
Somebody tonight spent several minutes telling me how pretty I am. And I'll tell you in complete honesty, it was the best thing ever.
Ha. Pretty sure it's not possible.
Cats are not born neurotic. They usually become so a few minutes after birth. - Stephen Baker, How to Live with a Neurotic Cat
smart thinking.
TRAFFIC: Road Closed WB Hwy 18/151 @ PB - Emergency crews still on the scene, traffic getting thru slowly on the shoulder
Had a very bad experience with National Car Rental. Will never rent from them again - very poor customer service!!!!!!!
Kristi!!! Thanks girl!! How is it going in JA, I need to catch up, way behind on blogs with this daytime job!
Interesting match #Manchester City Vs
": I'm singing a whale song. #TeamOrca lol!what do u mean!?and what!!??!
I'm sorry to hear that but you have the right attitude. Do your thing girl, you're pretty awesome
in the town where I was born for a few days, don't get here often, it's cool to imagine how I'd be if I'd never left
I didn't take my meds today... Tomorrow! I'll let ya know :)
I hate embarrassing myself :(
last week before prom
They say life's a trip, I'm just trying to make mines 1st class..
lol, I meant to say Ok sawa
i'll sing you a lullaby, go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep my little curly haired beauty! :)
so how is your popular twitter life going ? miss 1180 followers !
its kinda like hearing "For Whom The Bell Tolls" ....Daily!
First day on set as a UNION actor!!! Working on "The Good Wife."
As should. She can even have my room all to herself if she wants.
jus got back from takin my mama n grandma to kaze'
meow meow meow meow.....im a pretty pretty dogy
#Dutch studies journal Dutch Crossing announces plans for Dutch #art issue in 2012!!!
Ride that Hawg Big Momma a.k.a
This is me studying
news organizations don't get "it" when they ask reporters not to break news on twitter.
You're welcome! We enjoy seeing your updates that are helpful to our audience.
Oh my these dresses are hideous. So much for the fabulously fashionable 1920s haha
Skyrim 1.4 patch now available for PC - soon on 360 & PS3
Work from home again - jackpot.
Actually, I was thinking of building a sort of memory palace of rooms in my various grandparents' apartments, all long gone...
Timbers game telecast about the begin on Root Sports. Dare I say Timbers come away with their first road win of the season?
nothing I've found that has worked. I used to use alteril which is a natural thing, but I grew out of it. Nothing works for me
thx, one of my biggest issues & IMO biggest barrier to monetizing sponsor/partner deals on SM
Yay! Hi babe! : Walking by and thinking of my girl
Off to the market in Santa Monica to see what's on the menu today.
They're in tonight's mail! Thanks for your order.
How late is open?
if at Topez Lashay video shoot. Pictures coming soon
Yes, yes they did
loved him back in Boston. I'd give my left nut to see you in Celtic green some day
My boyfriend is precious. <3 .
Don't wanna be here.
Only if they go back to Presidents Day weekend
Do you actually know when they're going to do live chat?
What a nice classroom. Too bad you had to Photoshop yourselves in since you can't actually take pics in class
lucky dog! Enjoy and go O's!
Use both hands, baby. *smirks*
Boy, Procol Harum's Broken Barricades, man...if there's ever a song that sends me 10 different places at once...
watched the state of the union in the lounge cos that's how does it! aww yeah!
glad you liked the piece!
squeezing shampoo out of the bottle hurt my forearm this morning...
My reference quest for the day: Lakeview Bakery & Deli
with no Braces? HOT<3
I miss the smell of yeast when driving into milwaukee
so true! Wish he'd run third party.
paying 30% referral fee to real estate professionals, please refer clients to me if they they are moving to Dallas Texas ph
Daily, life's a difficult job, you get bored, you lose the design.
I cannot deal with Directionators any more
Get jiggy with it! : @ LPR for 's joint...let the poppers pop and the breakers break
I love my friends <3
CHA-CHING!!!...in there like swimwear.
Spending this mothers day with my mom and her Canadian family in canada. The joys of being Canadian!
So if is lucky enough to get a Grammy for his Xmas album, maybe I'll see him there >:)
dude, i saw you last night.
Go Tigers!
OMG Finallyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So Excited Justin<3333
I have trust issues with everything...
So mad I can't believe I missed Matilda one of my old time favorite movies :(
Watching #aleaugeoftheirown never gets old!!
"Threat" can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
yes, and oh that's god (:
We have 7 grads so far and we couldn't be prouder! Join us for graduation on 5/21 :30am Martin de Porres.
How could you fuck the only ppl that ever cared for you
Like Flocka in the clouds shaking his dreads making it rain on all of us -_- lmao
I think you should come show your support
I don't like doubts...-_- everything I do..I do it with confidence
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's WCMS bi-weekly user group from 1-2p.m.! Email to register
I always get so confused when i bring my bible to church, theres no chapter called romans in the steven tyler biography?
Loving #glee especially !
Walker's "divide & conquer" perfectly condenses his impact on our state's legacy of civil discourse. Except the "conquer" part.
Haha RT : Eta Lambda Chapter of the Year!
Rule 7 - plan, plan, plan some more. Have contingency plans, plan for bad stuff too. Cardinal Rule from ,
They need to have an Academy Awards NBA edition. Nominate certain players, show clips and give out awards. They're so dramatic.
Who carves the groundhog on Groundhog's Day? Mom? Dad? I know tradition says if the big guy in PA sees his shadow we use a cleaver.
yes for sure!!! i been good, getting ready for finals :(
Amare Stoudemire's temper tantrum makes Rondo look like an angel. Way to act like you've been in a high-stakes game before
Thanks, I am, it's filled with studying and baseball. I hope your weekend is fantabulous!
Woo hoo! RT Rodgers takes another knee...the Packers have won Super Bowl XLV.
: where do you go?
"I LOVE YOU TICKET OAK!" can someone please make this happen in my backyard? I promise to share
NFL Play Off's - gotta love it! Check out our game - we are the perfect play off game! www.playffnow.com. Coupon code "USA" for 10 credits.
since you've tweeted this twice today: #girlswith the first name that begins with k.....
hello hello
With our 24 months no interest plan, there's no excuse not to get new energy efficient windows! Visit our website for more information.
Follow your tweet with #frenchpharmacie so that we can see it! That's all you have to do!
want another follower?? then go follow right now!!
Oh goodness, those Amish really know how to make an excelent cheesecake. Ahh.... <U+2665>
Young Kenneth is awake
that song is in my workout playlist. My wife mocks me for it.
She must be super HIGH!!!!!.
U have the talent, do u have the tools to enhance your work? There r no compromises w/ my scissors get 5173043525Peace.
Thank U! Was just told by Dr. that thyroid is FOUR TIMES what it should be. On meds now! Hope it helps!
<U+2640>I can except being slowed down, but I will not be STOPPED<U+2640>
tonight we are drinking Maibock.
WHO IS YUNG RICH ? SOMEONE ASK ME AND I SAID Bi@#H IM YUNG RICH
I'm actually his assistant. He's the one that does all my writing.
#Jazz fans follow
Thanks! Have a great weekend!!
RT : Salud Chef! Happy day 2 U RT : #sobewff is happening! Stop by De Rodriguez Cuba and enjoy a great...
you poor deprived child lol
The scholar is not merely a passive recipient. He grows into power by an active reception of truth. (1850)
It's always Darkest before the dawn. #Good Morning
Past is experience, present is experiment, future is expectation
God is a passionate God; passionate in His love for us; passionate in His hatred for sin.
You're pointed at Florida... ;-)
thanks. gotcha. give a shout. (check your DMs) Have a great weekend. ....
Today is a bit of a dreary morning in Santa Monica...but hey, I'm in Santa Monica :-)
common sense: If the first Man was gay or the first Women did not like men there would be no human race!
Can you see it now ? I'm still fumbling through this...
Lol two they're my favorite RT Just cracked open that little goody you left in my fridge! SO DELICIOUS!!!
You need to follow more people!
A person with a great sense of humor may bore others, but he rarely has a dull moment himself. -John Mason
Somebody took my spot oh well lol
#Nuggets manimal and kuofos starting the game guaranteed W
CISNC Did you know a #dropout is 8x more likely to be in jail or prison by age 25? Stop stats like this one! www.cisnc.org
Instead of looking down, take a look up.....here I am!
Hey proud to contribute to your followers your time will come in parody accounts
Off to find candles that say 21
" If A Hug Represented How Much I Love You .. I'd Hold You In My Arms FOREVER <U+2665> "
Whats up everyone?!
Rocco! RT Ladies. Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Niquenique this kkhutie I want my pencil pouch back cause that's not mine it's my sisters
Heading up to Novato to mix Big Band music.
Really?! That's awesome. I love them :)
One of todays trending topics is #Dadism , how appropriate for your speech today
You sing R&B right?
(That was the most recent shooter, right? There wasn't one since?)
Well, you're a pro at that. Absence makes the... How does that go? See ya Thursday!
Wanna get VIP for the club tonite? Check out or fb page at Facebook.com/wildthursdays
Nice thing about twitter, you can breath hard ( on a bike!) and tweet at the same time. And my phone doesn't care if I sweat. :)
. totally smashing it live. Good vibes at
That's good...tell yo mom imma call her later or tomorrow. Miss yall, Hopefully i'll be home soon, till then keep yo head up.
Words to live by! “: Wright took off 4 months last yr “My big thing is, life’s not to be endured. It’s to be enjoyed.”"
Ah teen wolf is on and meh fangs r out XD ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
I'm going to sleep early twitter :*
Thanks very much for mentioning us! We really appreciate it.
nice meeting you too! next time for sure!
I am not calling anymore, so good luck facing the boss!
RT Now at a workshop on teaching the city featuring ! Looking forward to this one.
It was really nice out today. Oh winter, how you lower my standards.
my boy! Nice picture!
Well.....it's raining(of course). I guess I will lay here and be lazy today:)
Turtles are
Servicers Matter for Compare Ratios; How will the FHA Insurance Premium Change Impact Production?
thx for the great concert!!! We're waving at you from the side of the freeway in Vancouver, wa as you pass by us in your bus!!!
Sean Lee, you are THE man.
2 Exams down, 3 more to go!
Rushing. Reminding myself of 's tip this week: Patience. "I have all the time in the world."
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
Took 3 kids rollerskating. Ended up having lots of fun till the moment where 1 peed his pants & another had diarrhea in middle of rink.
we're doing some server maintenance for the next hour, please standby!
Happy Birthday! I hope you make it memorable in the Rose Garden tonight!
Aye honey or hershey chocolate syrup
Hey, let's be careful out there, Milwaukee.
My moms having a lil too much fun try a kill this fly.. Lol
#rulesoftwitter if has tweeted you 2 & rt'd you once, you deserve a followback. Just a thought ;D
pats have ball back near their 30. At break
Don't bet on it. Until I was involved in running a (small) server, I had no idea what goes on out there.
my circle small, im well rounded distance self from lego squares....family first along with purse keep searching goals i see them near
that's what's up. I don't lmao!!!!!
Insomnia tweets
Learned recently there are people who are cold, and there are Cold People.The first one from the Weather, the second kind from a cold heart.
On my grind off to work
smh bitches just don't understand.
I'm not saying you're a whore.. I'm just saying you've been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup..
actually SV just clarified that it should be out for a delivery attempt tomorrow. My mistake. Hope that helps!
your customer service is terrible. I placed my order on Feb. 20 and have yet to receive anything.
Tuesday, May 4th is Latino Night at Salute Wine Bar! Join us for a lot of fun and Italian Margaritas!
Had to fuckin wlk home from work<<<<< fuck that shit never again
what is the name of that #Brooklyn cafe with #livemusic again? :-)
Hey guys love the page. Check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/htrofficial
ah “: And the Braves' fan base holds its collective breath: Brian McCann just removed from the game before top of the 6th.
Thank you AA men r targeted daily just b/c they r AA. #TrayvonMartin brought light 2 this issue.
Could you sign the petition to kill the "Kill the Gays" bill? Thanks! allout.org/en/petition/uganda
will do:)
"Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind."
miranda i love you so much! you are so awesome!! you keep tellin them haters to back off! mirfand-4-life! :)
Falling asleep to tonight <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
The guy who describes the burger patty would do well as a recurring character on _Saturday Night Live_
I am so disgusted by this.. my birthday is 2day& I am celebrating it in a way that honors him~ however it can be respectfully done .
